 I'm afraid I don't...  This is a movie showing a girl being murdered.
  She's sitting on a bed, and a man rapes her...  and he begins to cut her with a knife...
 , but Welles You...  you need to go to the police.
 (stands, shakes her head.) No.
 This is the mortgage.
  Other than that, I'm afraid it's the wet thumb method.
 We were divorced by then.
 I miss you.
  Then, something horrible happens...  that's when you start praying all the time.
  I just want to go to sleep and never wake up.
 I'll risk it.
" "Devil" frightened me as much as it excited me, but I'd be hard pressed to choose a favorite.
 That's why you got scared when Mrs. Christian hired me.
 Followed me...  must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies...
  Dead.
 I owe you a few.
  She's dead.
 I can kill you.
 Who are you? They brought her into the room...  one man, he put a knife to her throat and he raped her...
and... and he murdered her...
RAIN begins to fall.
Lean, hungry and dangerous, the big cat has been tracking this man.
He mimics static, then: The Postman stops suddenly.
Scared, it bounds back and forth between the walls.
unmerciful.
shock.
snaps I'm gonna talk to Frank she knows what's going on! damnit.
unmerciful.
And in the caves, in tortured spells of fitful dozing and fearful waiting, were gathered the nightmares of generations yet to come.
In an uncertainly-moving horde, the Others cross the river, shieking threats and hunched for the attack.
With shrieks of panic, the Others retreat back, across the stream.
He sits up in the fetid darkness of the cave, straining his senses out into the night, and fear creeps slowly into his soul.
He had almost forgotten the terror of the night, because nothing had happened after that initial noise, so he does not even associate this strange thing with danger or with fear.
A small wart-hog ambles past the group of browsing humanoids without giving them more than a glance, for they had never been the slightest danger to its species.
The scene suddenly fades out.
But they are suddenly confrunted with a vision that cuts the sound from their throats, and strikes terror into their hearts.
The Others gape in fearful disbelief at this display of power.
12/9/65										  d1 12/9/65										  d2 12/9/65										  d3 12/9/65										  d4 12/9/65										  d5 12/9/65										  d6 12/9/65										  d7 12/9/65										  d8.
Caruso runs over to Tenisha who looks on from the Operator car with panic in her eyes.
The doors suddenly close.
Horror flashes over Wanda's face.
Suddenly blood begins to run from his right nostril, then his right eyelid, and his left nostril after that.
The Nurses go into panic mode.
She's worried and tired.
They shake hands.
He collapses.
RAIN begins to fall.
Lean, hungry and dangerous, the big cat has been tracking this man.
He mimics static, then: The Postman stops suddenly.
Scared, it bounds back and forth between the walls.
unmerciful.
shock.
snaps I'm gonna talk to Frank she knows what's going on! damnit.
unmerciful.
And in the caves, in tortured spells of fitful dozing and fearful waiting, were gathered the nightmares of generations yet to come.
In an uncertainly-moving horde, the Others cross the river, shieking threats and hunched for the attack.
With shrieks of panic, the Others retreat back, across the stream.
He sits up in the fetid darkness of the cave, straining his senses out into the night, and fear creeps slowly into his soul.
He had almost forgotten the terror of the night, because nothing had happened after that initial noise, so he does not even associate this strange thing with danger or with fear.
A small wart-hog ambles past the group of browsing humanoids without giving them more than a glance, for they had never been the slightest danger to its species.
The scene suddenly fades out.
But they are suddenly confrunted with a vision that cuts the sound from their throats, and strikes terror into their hearts.
The Others gape in fearful disbelief at this display of power.
Caruso runs over to Tenisha who looks on from the Operator car with panic in her eyes.
The doors suddenly close.
Horror flashes over Wanda's face.
Suddenly blood begins to run from his right nostril, then his right eyelid, and his left nostril after that.
The Nurses go into panic mode.
She's worried and tired.
Beat.
Beat.
They shake hands.
He collapses.
A fight breaks out and Pete flees.
Booth is now under fire and is scared.
He follows traces of blood across the floor.
A Christmas card vista is spoiled by a black line of railroad tracks stitched onto the snowy landscape like a scar pointing north to icy desolation.
It's somehow ominous, like the dark storm clouds that now burst outside - Mikael Blomkvist - 40's - regards the gauntlet of reporters he'll have to pass to get out of the building.
He thinks about it ...  shakes his head `no.'
A car and a fuel truck, both going too fast, collide on the bridge.
She sits cross-legged in the dark.
Behind him is a list of instructions (in Russian.).
The package is pulled out of the window, the driver doesn't move, we dissolve for a passage of time, the anxiety is more than obvious, but Four Fingers can do nothing.
That Russian saves the shooters that        "' B TT's car moves off.
Micky maintains a frown as he watches his opponent's knees threaten to betray him.
Micky 1 is panicking now, he's running out of oxygen and Micky 2's being beaten, Micky 1 starts -to sink again but now flames tickle the bottom of his feet he looks up.
Hands does a movement that represents a knife across the throat.
Vin is in a panic and suddenly.
Hands is still on his knees armed with an incredulous stare.
You'll never write well if you fear dying.
It's my biggest fear.
And when you make love to her you feel true and beautiful passion and you at least for that moment lose your fear of death.
I've had these anxiety attacks - I'm sure after the wedding they'll subside.
That's terrible.
He starts dealing another round when Marty suddenly appears, back from work.
Consuelo approaches the house stealthily.
Consuelo flees.
The mansion is dark.
He stops.
And still more.
The door to the vault is suddenly gone.
Now -- Luther suddenly terrified and we find out why.
Christy, gasping, terrified, she claws at his arms, her fingers scratching deeply -- -- but he will not let go.
Russell puts it in her handbag, puts the handbag on the bed table when suddenly -- Richmond, careening into the room, wide-eyed, crying out -- Russell, turning, shocked as Richmond bears down -- -- she holds out her arms for him, but he is staggering and he collides hard with her, spins against the wall, uses the bed table to try to steady himself.
The road in front of the house.
It is hard to tell in the dark, but you can see the base of one of the jacks lit up by a light from the house which goes dark as a band member runs in front of it on the other side of the car, thus confirming that the car actually was up on jacks in all the scenes.).
Band members run out of house and pull Otto out of car.
Why can't a nuclear bomb blow the whole island up right now?
As they've plotted, Alex and Matt study Brian's paralyzed face.
Why fight it?
CAMERA SHAKES all over like a bad horror film trying to stay with Chris as he makes a quick escape down the hatchway into the University dorm corridor.
They shake hands and the Forest Ranger disappears into the thicket.
He puts his hands up into the air when suddenly - Six unmarked FBI vehicles surround him.
You don't need to worry about me.
He shakes it off and looks to his copy of Doctor Zhivago for distraction.
The Broker in a bowtie looks on, horrified.
Brad attacks.
Donnie is seated at his desk, freaking out and trying to       * figure out what to do.
Jordan takes a massive breath, blowing as hard as he can into Donnie's lungs.
-- Blackness.
* That stops him.
And as Jordan heaves a huge sigh, we're suddenly...  Agent Denham tapes a recorder to Jordan's inner thigh, runs a microphone wire up his chest.
The Wolf of Wall Street   Buff Revised Pages   3/5/13 Jordan lays alone, asleep in bed.
Terror overwhelms him.
Now he's blubbering with fear.
Babington is shaken by this, and can't shoot.
40                                                                 40 41                                                                 41 43                                                                43 44                                                               44 45                                                                  45 46                                                               46 47                                                                   47 A flash of fear in Bess's eyes.
Bess takes the blows in silence.
Lloyd's voice paralyzes them.
Then with a METALLIC CLANK everything goes dark.
He pulls out a picture: A snapshot of a soulful man in a dark robe and a high caftan standing on a curb in front of a large stone building.
The man responds only with a shrug and a commiserating head- shake.
You should change.
She is a little frightened.
He grabs her by the shoulders and shakes.
Beat.
Aidan's girl shivers.
It's a brawl.
What the hell?
SLAM.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Everyone is a little sunburnt, the adults are a little drunk.
She rises and flees into the kitchen.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She looks like she's starting to panic.
Beat.
Suddenly the broadcast stops.
Cheryl immerses herself up to her chest.
He's nervous, out of place.
Tin Cup holds the pose...  Suddenly a gust of wind blows, out of nowhere, and Tin Cup's cap blows off, provoking immediate concern.
#00766                           12 Camera on Tony shuffling and feinting a soccer ball in al impromtu game; he's covered with sweat, tires a fancy mo\ around a younger kid who not only steals the ball away fl him but manages to lay him flat on his face.
Nervous, crooked, darting eyes, feverish intelligence, constantly smoking a cigarette and coughing between words, his face pock-marked and pitted like the moon from an old acne scars, he cuts a skinny figure at the wheel of a big beige Coupe De Ville, idling the motor... with him is Waldo Rojas eating a large foot and a half banana.
Tony goes for his cheap handgun when he hears a frightening #00766                                        28 A small woman -- the Lizard -- steps out in shadow in the parking lot of the Sun-Ray across the street, looks around, sees nothing, casually goes back in.
He glances at Tony. #00766                      29 A brief glimpse of Angel slumped by one arm like a cow on a strap, streaming blood, eyes conscious and horrified; a terrifying sight.
The     Toad   whips         around     to    the     voice, eyes          stark       with        terror.
He's of Cuban-Jewish extraction, now Americanized in a rough and handsome sort of way, on the heavy side, the face going slightly soft, but the eyes and bulk carrying an odor of danger about him.
Frank    shakes      hands     with     Manny.
Gina     suddenly.
explodes across       the   room   and   rushes       into   his arms, Tony, over her shoulder, catches               hi6                       boring into him stonily.
Tony sits there livid, soothing his scar, about to explode, but doesn't.
The      Shadow     stops,   eyeballs    him.
A beat.
A beat...
Sheryl eyes the weapon.
Suddenly, an aura of CALM falls over her.
He glides his hands up her body, past her stomach and onto her breasts.
Ida grabs a brand, JABS IT ONTO MIKE'S CHEST.
ANGLE ON - A SMALL POCKET KNIFE falls off a shelf in the room onto the floor.
With the other hand, HE Mike, his chest scarred, bloody, from the fresh wound, dangles helplessly.
Sheryl sees Mike's burned chest.
Clyde watches Ida, concern in his eyes.
The knife embedded in his neck.
They wobble, shake, then...
Sheryl shakes the cobwebs free, opens her eyes, moves her head slightly, just as...  Sheryl scrambles to her feet, when... Deacon tries to push the shelf off him.
What the hell is he doing?
Suddenly a terrified scream is heard, the voice of a young woman.
gets out of the car, runs across the road dodgingtraffic and goes up the steps of the courthouse.
Agnes suddenly looks exasperated.
I fell asleep.
to a corner of the room which is laid out with burning candles and make their devotions.
I'm afraid.
Because I was afraid.
Why were you afraid?
Frightened.
This is insane.
He walks to the waiting police car, surrounded by TOURISTS snapping pictures.
The deadly in Eli's voice was more than intended and there is suddenly an awkward silence at the table.
Look at soldier boy there, jumping off fucking buildings, risking his ass every day, doing stuff way over his head!... What would you do in that plane, Lucky, if you were about to die?
He stops.
Cameron shakes his head, "No."
169A   Chuck has stalked over to the WORKBENCH and angrily picks up the Eli, on the edge of nervous exhaustion, is actually close to tears.
They stop.
Nina is paralyzed with shock.
After 179D   Suddenly the ice turns to steam.
He starts Cameron starts running across the room and just as he's about to hurl it, he COLLIDES with a jutting shelf, which knocks him flat on his back.
Cameron realizes his error, but it's too late, he's in a panic.
There's a KNOCK at the door as Serena and Margot peek inside, gasping in horror at the sight of books.
Amy shakes her head no.
He reels backward, holding his nose, blood flowing as Paulette stares at him-in horror.
She hangs up.
Nervous.
Sarah looks worried.
Brooke looks at Chutney in horror, realizing.
Nervous first year students stand in line.
Suddenly, Kate's eyes widen.
He's got a slightly nervous demeanor --   somewhere between "I never became comfortable talking   to women" and Asperger's.
She jumps out of bed in a panic.
Beat.
Looks like the set of a Christmas horror film.
Mr. Davies seems flustered and a little scared but tries to comfort Kate.
At this point, the hysteric babble reaches its crescendo; we should be able to pick out phrases in this cacophony as Margaret rants at Carrie to go into her closet and pray for forgiveness; as Carrie's frightened little voice proclaims that she forgot, that she's sorry.
The closet is just what every child ever dreaded about the night.
A touch of fear in her eyes.
A moment of utter panic  now what?
Carrie's voice is calm; nothing, not even Margaret, will spoil tonight, and ever so slightly, this scene  and all that follow for a considerable period of time  has an edge of unreality to it.
She gasps.
But we do hear the Prom noises..
Valentin is suddenly in a panic.
Sasha suddenly steams past him.
The silence is suddenly ripped apart by the rescuers.
Everyone is asleep.
Dushan is terrified.
Valentin, in his wrinkled suit, is asleep in a chair.
He watches her.
He's in a kind of panic.
She's in pain.
Suddenly, Tolstoy becomes lucid.
He falls onto his pillow, asleep.
There's a noise from outside.
She looks at her hands: blood.
LUKE sees the police rush past him and gets scared.
A guard stops him with a hand on his chest.
John stares at the hand, afraid to move, afraid to look up.
Suddenly a voice comes from behind: Startled, John turns to see DR. LIFSON.
Suddenly Sean pops his head into the car and stares directly at Brad.
He drops it.
SCARY MUSIC    KICKS IN; Brad's eyes snap back to the screen.
Tec starts to laugh, then suddenly his fist explodes into Snuffy's face.
Sean is on a pay phone, terrified.
It's Snuffy, his face swollen and bloody from the beating he took from Tec.
The homeboy works his cell, as we: Tom stands there with the phone in his hands, shaken.
Just as they exit, Shondra enters from the kitchen, and finds Sean and PJ, still tied up and terrified.
They laugh when suddenly Shondra comes through the door.
Shondra stands quickly, scared.
Brad...  Tec... Bill...  and Shondra all watch in horror as the missile flies past gang members, through the kitchen door, and slams into the side of the gas oven.
Bodies stream out of the house scrambling for safety when suddenly...
The HOUSE BLOWS in a huge orange FIREBALL... We CRANE PAST emergency vehicles parked in front of smoldering remains of Tec's house, then MOVE TO Tec, who is yelling at a cop.
and his gang.
The cab brakes to a halt, bringing Marian INTO THE FRAME, her face strickened with fear.
stops dead in her tracks and stares in heartstopping terror.
Two BIKERS stand with their arms crisscrossed against their leather-vested chests, framing the burning drum on the sidewalk, guarding the phalanx of Harleys.
Marian, not wanting to be a disappointment to her daughter, damn her fears, gathers her purse up and starts out the door.
Marian glances across the street, her face tensed with fear.
Marian returns her frightened gaze to the altercation across the street.
The Disciples kick the drug-dealing Teenager a couple more times, then set him free, laughing as he flees down the block in mortal fear.
Marian hangs up the phone and turns, quails in terror.
She has a worried look etched on her face.
She's afraid to object.
Nina looks nervous, has an inkling of what it means.
Nina watches, threatened.
Nervous, she glances over at Veronica and Galina, who anxiously await their turn.
A look of worry spreads across Nina's face.
Nervous, Nina unconsciously picks at her cuticles.
It's Beth, drunk and shivering.
49B Suddenly, the lights turn off, throwing them into total 49B 49C Leroy approaches Nina and takes her hands in his.
She trembles.
She whimpers.
She breathes deep, emits short MOANS, succumbing...  Suddenly, he pulls away from her.
She avoids his gaze, nervous.
Nina glances at the dancers, nervous they've heard.
They go to walk off when suddenly Shifty stops dead in his tracks.
He's a bundle of nervous energy.
Trevor starts to laugh; it's a nervous display, almost relief.
He's anxious, upset, he doesn't want to do this on his own.
Trevor unlocks the door and walks into the house, his nose swollen, face sullen, guilty.
They stand for a moment when suddenly the door creaks open to reveal Loretta peaking through.
He's feeling the pain.
They're both cracking up.
Pulling on balaclava's, bats, knives, guns at the ready.
The five heavies approach the house.
A shadow streaks across the front window but Shifty and Chris are asleep.
He goes to walk back in the house when suddenly his eye catches something on the floor.
revolver.
Jasmine's crying, fear washing over her.
CHEV finds himself nodding off in the car ...  The CAMERA ZOOMS back into his chest.
Beat.
Beat.
CHEV is GHOST CHEV swoons, close to BLACKING OUT.
Beat.
The RESIDENT blubbers in panic.
CHEV falls to his knees, pulling her down with him.
DOC shakes his head NO.
The rain has intensified.
The soldiers obey, lighting fire to the walls, the galleries, the columns as-- GASPS in horror.
Complete panic erupts as dozens of The Queen's Guard STORM into the theater.
The audience begins to BOO at the mention of Cecil.
They stop.
Oxford nods, still worried, and Southampton heads for his horse.
Jonson suddenly looks worried and turns and looks back to Anne.
This is a disaster for him.
She's only teasing.
A beat.
Young Oxford stands...  and starts to approach her... He's nude, his back to us.
Jonson suddenly turns to him.
A beat.
fleeing into the surrounding woods and fields.
Vitti is having trouble breathing.
As Vitti moves toward the Doctor, Jelly instinctively grabs the Doctor from behind and holds him while Vitti wraps the blood pressure cuff around his neck.
Hangs up.
PRIMO SINDONE, a vain, pompous Mussolini, is standing on a stool in his underwear, being fitted for a suit by a nervous tailor.
Suddenly Laura bursts into the room, still in her wedding dress, but disheveled.
Suddenly, there is a GUNSHOT and a BULLET RICOCHETS off the TOP of the CAR.
Jelly's last SHOT strikes him right in the chest, and he goes down.
It's suddenly quiet.
Harold is scared shitless.
HAROLD shakes it.
HAROLD breathes a sigh of relief.
HAROLD sees blood squirt out of the PATIENT'S chest.
Suddenly, more blood squirts from the Patient's chest.
Suddenly, the Patient begins having trouble breathing!
Harold is nervous and doesn't know what he should do.
The Mom leaves, with Hippie Asshole clinging to her like a frightened child.
We hear the banging noise again.
Now he's a little nervous.
Kumar runs over to Harold...  Harold feels a little nervous about what Kumar is saying.
That's crazy.
Did you hear that?
So, how did your audition go?
It was chill...  Sick!
* Were you nervous you were next to her because you were accused of being a part of that group that allegedly robbed her house.
A woman in jeopardy, with the obligatory expression of helpless terror on her face, flees from a menacing male figure wielding a bloodied knife.
Across the dark room, a trailer of Blood and Kisses plays on the TV screen.
June, in a padded attack suit, suddenly jumps out from behind the trees, assuming an aggressive stance and emitting a repertory of menacing sounds.
Joan, out of breath and exhilarated with fear and excitement, turns to Harry: MAN TROUBLE - Rev. 4/29/91                              25. at the desk making out a check while Harry, in the b.g., takes in a series of photographs on the den wall of some of the highlights in the life of Andy Ellerman.
Immediately afraid of his displeasure, she calls after him: Before disappearing into the studio, he makes a gesture acknowledging her capitulation.
Presently, the passenger door opens and L.N. MONCRIEF, a barely discernible presence in a suit blending in with the dark interior of the car, addresses him by name: ON JUNE, standing on the sidewalk next to The House of Bliss, looking at Harry and as he disappears into the car, she turns and goes inside the building.
He angrily folds his arms across his chest, assuming a sullen silence for a moment.
The traffic has come to a grid-lock stop, raising their anxiety levels: He suddenly opens the door, gets out and moves to the ax handle.
Joan moves quickly through the parking lot and onto a walkway leading to the hospital entrance.
Looking frightened at her imminent abandonment.
In a panic, she starts toward the bathroom, changes her mind, moves to the bed and gets into it.
Joan looks fear- fully up at him: MAN TROUBLE - Rev. 4/22/91                                 96.
You know that I get anxiety when I have to meet people.
She trembles.
Irving and Edith watch in horror at Rosalyn.
SHE FLINCHES.
Rosalyn looks scared.
WINDSHIELD SMELLS IT, WORRIED.
The chair suddenly stops and lurches forward slightly.
A deep silence takes over quickly, like the type of silence that used to suddenly happen in school when you were taking a test and the radiator that you never even noticed was on would suddenly shut off.
Parker is starting to shake.
It's tough to see in the dark, but the tip of her nose and her right cheek (the side facing into the wind.) is discoloring.
Parker maneuvers herself to hold Joe's legs.. Joe tries to move into a standing position, but panics.
Parker is terrified.
From above him we can see the long drop down, and as he slowly starts to maneuver his body up to the top of the chair arm- the height looks `stomach droppingly' scary.
Her movement startles Lynch awake, and he bolts upright as if from a `falling nightmare'.
It takes everything he has to not jolt back in horror at how bad her face looks.
His breath blows out of his body in huge plumes of mist.
Parker and Lynch share a nervous laugh together.
The action forces another terrifying metallic groan from the arm above her, and her chair swings back and forth from the motion.
They shake hands.
The moment is suddenly broken by a few stray notes from the piano.
Roy Bland appears suddenly and steps in beside him.
As we watch a DARK STAIN appears at his shoulder blade and begins to spread.
Frightened, Roach obeys, sliding down the dip to him.
He walks in and finds...  RICKI TARR sits smoking in the darkness, the knife on his lap.
Fear.
He suddenly notices an odd sound.
Rachel bites down on a wave of panic.
Beat.
She looks pale, shaken.
Vogel begins the exam.
As Stephan races up some steps, along a balcony, and into the building...  with Stephan through the hallway, out of the door and onto the street....
Suddenly Joan finds herself in the middle of one of these shafts and stops for a moment.
for the accused.
Cauchon tells her urgently to do his bidding, but Joan refuses again, for she is afraid that memories of her mother and her home in Domremy are going to overwhelm her.
Each of the judges in the room understands the fate in store for Houppeville, and is seized with fear.
Overcome by fatigue, she sits on her bed.
dictating.
As the soldier hands Joan the food, his eye falls on her ring.
They are afraid.
Loiseleur threatens them and quickly goes up to the soldier who has wrested Joan's ring from her.
One of the soldiers suddenly catches sight of the straw crown.
Cauchon threatens her: Joan's crisis is over.
Cauchon's threats make no impression on Joan.
She looks at each one for a long time, trembling with fear.
They are trying to frighten Joan out of her senses.
Suddenly they all look like they've got something else to do.
They all seem a little nervous.
David moves among the ranks of terrified non-striking Newsies, exhorting them -- Many of them do -- ripping up their papers, shouting -- -- The Delanceys slog through a storm of rotten fruit; cornering some Newsies by the wagons.
Jack takes a railroad spike from his belt and begins prying at the bars, talking conversationally up to David who's terrified someone's going to hear them.
But suddenly a gust of wind catches the leaflet and sails it off the rooftop.
The leaflet gyrates in the wind as we Another leaflet reading "RALLY AGAINST PULITZER" (the one Snyder took at Kloppman's.) is in Pulitzer's hands as he listens to MAYOR VAN WYCK, very nervous.
He lets it build for a moment, then -- The noise threatens to blow the roof off the theater as we see -- Loud voices, fists starting to fly, chaos -- He looks out at the crowd; the expectant faces, waiting, afraid it's all going to fall apart.
The gates open, the wagons start out, followed by nervous scabs flanked by cops and goons.
Sarah walks on -- suddenly a man steps in front of her.
He "accidentally" knocks her lacework into the gutter.
A NOISE O.S. makes them freeze.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
A little scared.
Stark building with a huge parking lot and only one car parked in it.
Fear?
Empty cages and unplugged equipment are all that remain of Delp and his fear project.
A sun throws yellow across the Mall, and the Senate Office buildings are ribboned with shadows.
Raymond smiles -- it's terrifying -- the fragile, forced, frigid smile of a man in pain.
Rosie asleep.
PUSH IN RAPIDLY ...  then a HAND comes down hard and efficiently against her throat -- -- she wakes up, fighting for air -- He sits on top of her, pinning her arms down.
Beat.
Terrified -- -- Raymond finds himself in the back seat of his limo, his campaign aide Mirella, her assistant, and Anderson, all startled and shouting too -- Raymond sits up.
Beat.
PULL BACK TO REVEAL: a numb collection of horrified Manchurian Global executive office employees, watching in silence ...  a visibly shaken Whiting, ashen-faced, head in his hands, eyes red with tears, and Johnston, stunned, pacing -- TIGHTEN ON DONOVAN.
COLIN looks on in horror.
But then a PASSER-BY suddenly narrows his eyes and takes a second look.
COLIN sees a flicker of panic on her face.
By now there is a panic-stricken edge to her voice.
She hangs up.
A flicker of nervous insecurity dulls her expression.
She smiles tentatively, but he sees a terrible fear in her eyes.
Outside.
Stop that!
I'm sorry, you were sleeping.
He continues to stare at the shiny black box, his hand fluttering lightly - a nervous tic.
Emma, is asleep in her night-cap at his side.
Light and noise.
Though the soft touch of her little hands is almost too real for him to bear and he closes his eyes The sound of a wave breaking.
Native hunters are creeping through the undergrowth A warning screech from one of the Orang-u-tangs posted as lookouts.
He wants desperately to reach out a hand to touch her, to comfort her, but he cannot do it for fear of weakening his own fragile resolve.
Darwin cuts a strange dark angular figure, walking along the narrow track a single step at a time.
There's a noise behind him and he turns, finger to his lips for silence.
She's sound asleep.
He stops.
Darwin wakes in a panic and sits up in bed.
Darwin, recoiling in horror, pushes himself back from his desk.
Darwin wakes from the nightmare asleep at his desk, the whiskey bottle a quarter empty, ink on his hands and his shirt cuffs He gets up and puts on his shoes.
She holds onto his shirt: Matthew's hands suddenly TIGHTEN ON HER SHOULDERS.
Growing scared, she finally SHAKES HIM.
OFFICE BUILDING - SECURITY ROOM - NIGHT                54b 55                                                                 55 56a   EXT.
Even in her exhausted state, it's clear -- she's as frightened as he is.
104                                                              104 105                                                                105 106a                                                               106a 107                                                                 107 109a   OMITTED                                 109a 110a   OMITTED                                                  110a 110b   OMITTED                                                    110b Her voice trembles, her fear showing through.
She reaches for the lamp, and turns it closer -- -- the picture in the middle of the "spider's web" is gone.
Karen watches, terrified, as Peter reaches out a hand -- -- and slides the door open.
Peter jerks backward in shock as -- -- TAKEO, looking down at THE JOURNAL, reading his wife's words, his face contorted with rage...  he turns to see KAYAKO, home from work, standing in the doorway... -- KAYAKO running down the steps, TAKEO chasing her, tackling her before she can reach the door...  sitting on top of her, he wraps his hands around her neck... -- KAYAKO seeing TOSHIO, her son, watching through the bars of the second floor railing as...  -- TAKEO snaps Kayako's neck with an audible CRACK... -- KAYAKO, not dead, but paralyzed, watching as...  -- TAKEO drowns a flailing TOSHIO in the bathroom tub... -- TAKEO tears apart TOSHIO'S CAT, still alive, in the bathroom sink...  -- KAYAKO letting out a HORRIBLE CROAKING, the only sound her broken neck can emit, as TAKEO advances on her with a knife, his eyes filled with a manic madness... -- TAKEO in THE ATTIC, stuffing KAYAKO and TOSHIO, both very dead, wrapped in plastic sheeting, into a corner...  -- KAYAKO suddenly TURNING HER HEAD and GRABBING TAKEO'S ARM... her lifeless eyes focusing on Takeo's as she CROAKS...  Takeo's eyes go wide with fear... and TOSHIO suddenly reaches from his plastic grave, grabbing Takeo's other arm...
We PAN FROM Peter to THE REFLECTION IN THE MIRROR -- It's not the pale, frightening Kayako anymore.
A beat.
Eyes wide and rolled back, mouth yawning open in abject terror -- -- it's DOUG'S BODY.
Jimmy's is dark.
They stare at her shivering.
He hangs up.
SUDDENLY T.J. and Ricky LOOK UP.
Evan and Seth lie down on their stomachs and spread their arms and legs out, terrified.
Officer Michaels takes out two cigarettes, and gives one to Fogell, who accepts, quivering in fear.
The cops are still talking when suddenly, Evan BOLTS!
Seth and Fogell sprint across a big, dark backyard.
He pops out of the bush, scaring Fogell and Seth.
He looks at himself in the mirror, seeming as though he's on the verge of a full- on panic attack.
Evan is extremely nervous.
Evan jolts, terrified!
Evan looks really nervous as Helen's hand starts moving up and down.
Beat.
A few moments go by, when SUDDENLY a cop car pulls up in front of the house.
SUDDENLY, Officer Michaels bursts into the room and flicks on the lights.
It stops.
Beat.
Beat.
Wilma turns at the noise.
The twin headlines are, of course, KIBBLE CRISIS GROWS and MYSTERIOUS XENOSAURUS Suddenly a pink flamingo appears over the hedge.
Suddenly Fred pulls over, stops the car.
A scary-looking winged reptile sticks out its head, smacks its hungry lips.
The handrail wobbles   dangerously in its foundation -- SNORTS, backs up -- the crane SUPPORTS on its back begin to CREAK and GROAN with the strain -- Workers scatter, fearful of the imminent collapse.
Barney looks up and sees -- It is shuddering and threatening to come crashing down.
He recovers, shakes it off.
Suddenly the door bursts open.
He moves to the car.. Based on the Novel by BRYCE COURTENAY as another student painfully tattoo-scars his arm with a swastika, using a knife and blue dye.
He waves the bloody knife in the air.
PK ignores her anxiety.
The POLICE exit, threatening.
Maria is gripped by fear.
He pushes Geel Piet's hands onto the cactus needle.
Rain begins to fall, pelting the escarpment.
PK starts to move horizontally across the cliff face like a spider on a wall.
The rain becomes torrential.
He sees the fear in Elijah's eyes.
PK stands holding the flare, a little distracted by Elijah's fear, wondering.
At that moment the powder headache strikes.
OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 1/8/01                                  15. as he approaches Danny's and Rusty's voices...  Suddenly the Security Guard's flashlight beam hits them square in the eyes.
Saul looks panic-stricken; like that, his ulcer has flared up, and he pops a Rolaid in his mouth.
The Malloys, who've shadowed the guard here, note a sentry standing watch by the door as well as a security camera embedded in the ceiling above: No one walks through that portal unchecked.
As Saul smoothes out a coat sleeve...  Saul's not fooling anyone: he's scared, right down to his Florsheims.
now in Armani, with his hair slicked back, a brief moustache on his lip, and impenetrably dark glasses riding the bridge of his nose.
I'm afraid so.
I didn't want to scare you, if you don't mind my asking...what are you?
Oh, you shake it!
(shocked.)
Then I'm afraid you've had a very poor sampling.
I'm kidnapping you.
Stop it!
Kill him.
Kill him now!
To the death!
We saw the Witch, the knife.
Then: Everyone smells it: that's big -- more proof these attacks are being carried out by one, very skilled Terror Cell.
Young finally makes eye contact: expecting something like fear, remorse, back-pedalling...  Young's face flashes red, seething: Young apoplectic now: ready to end the Director right there, when Grace leans in, lets the vague threat of physical contact manifest.
Janet last: the pictures suddenly stop.
Leavitt moves, catches a rifle butt to the shoulder after two steps.
The warning shots from a .50-caliber
Hurt, yet extremely defiant, she looks ready to attack anything that comes near her.
Janet pops her head in: Al-Ghazi's face: fear.
Al-Ghazi steps toward the approaching crowd: they see his state, his gun, and turn back: panic starts to infect the larger mass, then the topper- -AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE from somewhere.
Scared motorists devolve into terrified motorists.
Many have abandoned their vehicles to sprint into the desert, the rest go smash-'em-up derby-folly: 50 panicked drivers aiming for the same spots.
Startling silence comes sudden now as the fight moves elsewhere.
Al- Ghazi shaking, slowly steps to him, hands out...
Al- Ghazi pulls the old man's hands from under his thobe: missing fingers.
This is no time to push the panic button.
It's stuck in the Dark Ages.
Somebody once said, "It's not what you don't know that worries me it's what you know for sure that's got me scared."
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
Billy shakes his head, no.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
Stu nervously cranes his neck, looking around at all the tall buildings that surround the street corner.
She hangs up.
He reacts.
She sees the blood.
Stu is afraid to reach in his pocket lest the cops think he's going for a gun.
Stu is still afraid to reach for it and provide the cops with an excuse to open fire.
to the police.
Then the voice on the phone suddenly alters the Hispanic accent.
Not at the police, but at the high rise buildings across the street.
He has fired.
The storm is passing now, blown by the driving wind.
Bamatabois suddenly sees that police have arrived.
We see Cosette's frightened eyes peering out from a tiny gap in this wall.
Suddenly, out of the darkness, the students and citizens at the barricade here an ominous distant sound.
Panic ensues.
Rain begins to fall.
He points to Javert, in a dark corner, his hands tied.
Suddenly Valjean spots a couple of snipers creeping over the roofs to gain an angle of attack on them.
He carries a knife.
Valjean uses the knife to cut Javert free.
At the other end of the street Javert has appeared.
The latest cannonade bursts a hole in the barricade and now the soldiers are storming through.
The ghost of Fantine.
A dark-eyed man with a BEARD appears in the b.g. and stealths towards Reilly from behind.
The Girl stiffens, terrified.
Two OFFICERS stand near a building with a worried BUSINESSMAN and his CHAUFFEUR.
Reilly fights the memory...  eyes well up, his hand trembles ever so slightly as he points out... Glass gets down on his hands and knees, scans the floor.
T.J. rubs his temples with dread.
Pooch pries off a back panel, fingers shaking, lifts it every so slightly, sees complex circuitry inside, the red glow of a digital readout counting down.
He clips off circuits and booby traps with bloodcurdling care, peeling away layer after layer of death...  shakes his head with awe, respect, fear.
She looks back at the warehouse, the phone again, terrified.
But then they stop.
Suddenly, Rachael becomes a little self-conscious.
It's dark, but suddenly the lights come on.
Ringing silence.
Mike nods, leading Vic through a door, into where there's a terribly FRIGHTENED MAN (cameo for Ron Jeremy, etc.) tied to a chair with a gag in his mouth.
The Man takes a quick look down at his own crotch, fearing the worst.
Each guy is in his own little world, Matt and Fred following Deacon as he takes the first nervous steps.
Deacon wakes up sick as a dog.
A beat.
Beat.
Deacon gets a little nervous.
PANIC!
Nightmare.
Naomi storms out of the house.
He stops her.
An ashen look overcomes Mrs. Basham's face.
CRASH!
Steven paces nervously outside the elevator, growing more and more anxious as he waits.
He hangs up.
As the MUSIC seeps into their dark cell, Steven reads a LAW BOOK by pen light.
He hangs up.
He looks to Eudora as if to say, "What do I do now?" and it terrifies her.
The sky glows from nearby bomb attacks.
A single lantern glowing inside gives the hut a creepy, frightening aspect.
on which are spread a terrifying array of syringes, drug vials and surgical instruments.
Instantly the man begins shivering, convulsing.
He is in his mid-forties, scarred, missing several fingers.
punches  the prisoner full in the face, holding the knife handle  in his fist to double the force of the blow and to terrify  him with the proximity of the blade.
Suddenly -- Nico grabs Zagon's shoulder.
Zagon spins with terrifying quickness, cocking the blade to slash at Nico.
Smash!
Fox leaps in the way of the third, shoves Nico out of the hooch -- Fox wrestles Nico away from the hooch -- Nico is shaking with rage and fear.
ZINGARO, concerned.
The poor woman can't meet Nico's eyes.
Lucy starts wailing in horror.
BAUTISTA SALVANO, a heavyset, swarthy Venezuelan dressed in a tux with the collar open, glowers across the table at a mus- cular, scar-faced Latin busboy -- the kind who looks like he does more for his boss than clean up the tables.
The busboy (NARDO.) is nervous, apologetic -- ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/17/87                          23.
Suddenly: a METALLIC sound behind him.
The busboys hurry        * down, the pimp -- scared shitless but playing it macho-cool.
Nick trails them, nervous as hell: Cantrell starts down.
Nick and Kell asleep.
Rupert doesn't have much of an IQ and he's scared shitless, but he does his best: He pauses, trying to untangle his thoughts.
Rupert is taking shallow breaths, terrified... then lays back to wait.
All Nick can do is stand at the glass in horror as whatever is happening runs its course and the victim collapses in a cloudy, toxic haze...  Drained and waiting: Nick sitting against the town car.
He sails on through the kitchen, leaving her there...  ...and bursts through the screen door, fleeing barefoot across the back yard as VEHICLES AND COPS swarm the front of the house.
Tense moments go by as they accelerate up a dark road.
The cop sinks to his knees and starts to weep.
A FIGURE in a meat-packing coat looms over us, faceless and scary behind a dark face protector.
He recoils, terrified and blinded by glare.
LOCAL SHERIFFS (not city cops.) are spreading out across the        * fields, beating the grass, looking for clues...  ANGLE TO Officer Hilts, blanket-draped and still rattled by his night-long ordeal, being interviewed by a SERGEANT: Suddenly, we hear a DISTANT VOICE shouting in panic: Everybody's gaze snaps up, tense.
Suddenly: The man with the saw makes a quick sweep across the table, across the other man's leg at the shin.
It's been lopped off below the knee.
Faces go stark with horror as their eyes adjust.
A POLICE HELICOPTER skims along just above them at scary-low altitude...
They move out of the way... and Thomas kneels beside his wife...  She's pale white, fear in her soft brown eyes...
And they stop what they are doing...
He slows.
The people urging him on...  a string of "Hallelujahs...!" Queenie comes to join him...  urging him... ... The Preacher, walking along with him, more a dance than a walk, shouting the name of the Lord... Queenie and The Preacher walking Benjamin across the stage...  Benjamin making it to the other end... to a roar of "Amens"!
He suddenly gets up...
We see Benjamin coming back to the gate... and we hear: And we see Queenie standing on the porch...  She's worried sick... she sees his hands are bleeding from blisters.
It's started to rain, the wind blowing, splattering rain against the window.
And he suddenly takes off his shirt, pulls down his pants...
They shake hands.
But forces it down...
And suddenly out of the fog a HORN BLARES...
The rain and wind knocking at the window...
And there's a hint of anxiety in Caroline now...  anxiety coupled with exhaustion... Daisy doesn't say anything.
When suddenly Daisy is calling him...
Suddenly, a canister attached to the pulleys race up the ropes!
Everyone in the vicinity react in HORROR!
His heart POUNDING THROUGH HIS CHEST.
Police interview HOSTAGES, so do REPORTERS.
Off the main road, sits a DARK, TWO-STORY HOME on a HILLSIDE.
He's nervous, tense.
Dekker approaches the kitchen door, pushes it open and...  Dekker spins out of the way.
and presses the 5 note melody...... SUDDENLY: THE SOUND OF THE POD BAY DOOR SLIDING.... .... Barry spins around, scared shitless, sees: LANCE, who enters the warehouse, Barry rushes out to greet him; They enter into the office, Lance sees the harmonium; Lance walks around behind the harmonium....leaving Barry alone.... towards the warehouse......he starts to back up a little.....  Sal, Ernesto and Rico all start to come into work behind Barry.....he sees them: CAMERA pushes in on Barry....  TITLE CARD Punch-drunk Love Movie (maybe color blooms/overture here.)
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
She scans them over and over and over.... then: She scans and scans and scans and scans.... Barry and Lance pushing the shopping carts.... Barry looks across the parking lot and sees: A TOYOTA PICK UP coming slowly towards him and Lance... ... Barry starts to move steady/swiftly towards his car...Lance tries to keep up.... Barry gets nervous, looks left and right... ....
BEAT.
BEAT.
It's dark and Barry and Lena are asleep in bed together.
BEAT.
BEAT.
Peter is scared stiff.
Peter stiffens with fear.
Graton, nervous and wary,   watches Michael and the passersby.
He gets to the living room and goes over to the crib: suddenly, he recoils and freezes, a fearful expression on his face.
Mary    suddenly comes in from the kitchen, walking unstead- ily    but determinedly.
Woolridge shakes hands with them.
Suddenly Marsha speaks from the darkness.
After a long creepy moment, Mom speaks.
A car pulls into the parking lot and Gerry Woolridge gets out of it and comes over to Bill.
Suddenly, the lights come on and Linda lets out a little yelp and sits up, which wakes up Doyle and he sits up with a start.
Doyle shakes him off.
He gets a knife out of the drawer and sits at the kitchen table and pulls back a table cloth that is covering up some leftovers.
On the wall of an old Georgian Mansion across the road, a shape on the side of the wall, almost imperceptible, hidden in the shadows and brickwork.
The creature on the wall senses the movement coming towards it, moves a little and then, like a spider, scrambles along the side of the wall, heading away from us.
Flashes from photographic machines light the scene, almost blinding Lilly and briefly revealing the true horror of the scene.
The kid looks nervous.
There is silence in the room.
And there is another noise.
Jones backs the knife away.
Beat.
She turns over his hand to reveal the wrist; the scars are almost gone from where Silus cut himself.
From under the hooded jacket we see the glint of the approaching figure's eyes; an intense stare hidden in the shadows.
Cut to The man slamming against the wet wall of a building, grasping at the hands that now threaten to throttle him.
We see Silus' dark stare.
A beat.
We then hear a police siren and a car pulls up through the rain.
Lilly's shaking, terrified, but she keeps on going.
When he looks back up at her, he is terrifying to behold.
Jones stares up at Silus now, fear in his eyes.
* is suddenly off the expressway and driving at ground level -- a dark street, piled at one side with car                * tires -- totally bleak.
He is depressed.
is on the house phone.
breaking into a sweat.
BAVARDAGE swirls up to them and whisks the now terrified Maria away.
as this mob of reporters and cameramen attack the car in the pouring rain.
Sudden commotion in the courtroom.
He FIRES.
Arthur drops forward suddenly, his face hitting his plate.
More pain.
Sherman and Killian shake hands.
Eyes widen in concern.
The noise is deafening.
Bertie's lips move, but with the noise he cannot be heard.
Bertie looks at the pages, his throat constricts, his chest tightens and his hands begin to shake.
They remain where they are.
INGRID follows, frightened.
Then he fires again.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Sudden silence.
He eases his foot off the brake and the car begins to move forward, the springs squeaking slightly.
Deserted.
Suddenly, CLARA sits up.
She's nervous.
A beat.
We are with ARCHIE overseeing the 'operation'... Staff terrified...  Customers alarmed... ARCHIE wheels round wielding an outsize pepper grinder like a club...  Crash/zoom in on him...
Over this we hear...
Over this we hear...  MAL glances over his shoulder... ARCHIE is crouching over and sorting through a card-board box containing various bottles of spirits...  MAL is handed a bottle of Bells whiskey - he slumps in one of the armchairs... Opens the bottle...  Back view of a rain-coated man slowly walking the bleak ancient streets....
Over this we hear...
COLIN opens it and drinks...          ARCHIE and MAL watch him intently... ARCHIE and MAL look at each other...  knowingly... Suddenly the doo r flies open an d there stands O LD MAN OLD MAN PEANUT sits...  ARCHIE takes him the bottle of vodka and a plastic cup... stands over him...  ARCHIE shrugs... ... OLD MAN PEANUT gets up ... goes over to him...  stares him in the eyes... Suddenly the wardrobe wobbles...  Creaks...
It stops...  Is still... Silence eventually...  Sounds o f traffi c... LIZ is try ing to s cramble up the embankment ...  Trying... Failing ...
Unwraps one... , eats it... LIZ looks at him ...  Looks away ... Stares out of the window ...  Worried...
Over this we hear...
darkens ...  MEREDITH calms him COLIN dumbly nods Slowly MEREDITH turns to look at the wardrobe ... COLIN Does likewise ...  looks back to MEREDITH... MEREDITH stares hard at COLIN ...  COLIN shrinks back with the realisation of what is being implied... Scared...  COLIN dumbfounded can only stand and watch as... ARCHIE begins to fish in his pocket...  COLIN finds himself holding the coin...
Broken.
Scared ...  The men are relaxed-all the time in the world ... Eventually...
He wears a scruffy tweed coat ... A flat working man's cap a thick, battered gypsy belt-and he is busy bundling a live cockerel into the Hessian sack before him ...  In with the snake ... In with the dog ...  In with the man - the beaten, terrified, whimpering man in the sack...the four creatures in there together ...  Pandemonium in the sack as he ties it off ... Brutishly dragging the hellish parcel to the edge of the pier-and lazily booting it into the dark sea below .. .
Crack!
Crack!..
She lands like a sack of potatoes against the wall... Lavish, debauched frivolities- PHILISTINES, MACEDONIANS, PERSIANS ETC having a ball... to one side of the dance floor we see the forlorn figure of SAMSON... We see this ...  Liberties being taken with poor SAMSON ... Women teasing him ...  Dwarfs kicking -him ... A camp chap in a robe lifting SAMSON'S tunic to reveal his undergarments- SAMSON, somewhat mincily, twists and writhes, squirms, in a vain attempt to protect his modesty ...  But it is hopeless ... The tau nter s s quea l w ith del ight at his pa thet ic plight...  .
SAMSON, incensed, begins to push mightily against the pillars -his face a mask of crazed revenge OLD MAN PEANUT is determinedly pushing against the walls of the hallway ...  The others, slightly bored, vaguely amused, watch him... Chaos...  Panic stricken party-goers fleeing in terror... Rushing towards and past the camera...  Behind them the temple in ruins ... People crushed ...  Limbs sticking out of the rubble... MUSIC begins "THIS & THAT" by TOM JONES...  LOVERBOY is as before ...
Foreboding....  We become aware of the gentle clicking of high heel shoes... COLIN stands directly behind LOVERBOY ...  staring down murderously at him... COLIN slowly lifts his head ...  and stares down the barrel of the camera... C/U on OLD MAN PEANUT...  COLIN staring darkly at LOVERBOY... We enter the bedroom just behind COLIN ...
He can't believe it ... Addresses the MEREDITH/LIZ person But this figure does not reply ...  The response comes from the LIZ/MEREDITH combo... COLIN confused ...  Fascinated ... Scared ...  Especially by the relaxed, cross legged, smoking, sexy-bodied, feminine form disturbingly topped with the nasty old head of OLD MAN PEANUT ... it speaks...
Over this we hear...
Over this we hear...
* We are at the foot of the stairs ...  can hear footsteps descending ... and now OLD MAN PEANUT appears ...  carrying a battered old suitcase ... he opens the heavy, wooden, studded, creaking, dungeon door and enters ...  we see a figure, trussed up in bin bags and with an old Tesco bag on its head hanging from a meat-hook ... it struggles... OLD MAN PEANUT slams down the case ... opens it ...  inside a jumbled variety of rusty tools /gadgets/ implements.... from the tangled hardware he manages to extract a thick, rusty file ...  an ancient heavy plane...a mallet-and a six inch nail ...  uttering to himself...
She turns her head slowly and with great difficulty towards him... Chaos...  Violence... Terror...  Screaming... LIZ, battered, scrambling around on the kitchen floor...  COLIN, mad, grabbing a knife...
A howling, wounded beast...  he r la s t ve st i ge o f s tr en gt h ... F o rc in g h er se lf up ...  Running/scrambling in absolute terror... Through the lounge...  Banging off walls and furniture...
And crashing through...
And frightened...
And broken...
And bleeding...
And running away...  Running away... Fleeing...  From him... From the monster at the window...  From COLIN... We are on COLIN's face...  His heartbroken face... Awash with tears...  Real tears... Tears for her...
We hear the front door closing...       COLIN sits there...  Alone in the room... Sits there...                            * He slowly gets up... Slowly puts his raincoat on...  Goes to                * the door... Stops...  Does not turn...
His hair is a mess and his clothing is slightly askew.
Then, closing his eyes, a POUNDING in his head starts to get louder and louder -- Franklin, on his back, his face and body drenched with sweat, is asleep in his bunk in the boat.
Alone and scared as he watches the wagon fade from sight.
He notices the long jagged scars along Eloise's wrists.
Afraid, he scans the landscape around him - featureless desert stretches to the horizon.
Behind him Lyn, Bob and Mahmud crawl across the station on their hands and knees, bullets zipping past them.
Mahmud leads Bob and Lyn at a crouching run down the street, amongst the crowd of Iraqis fleeing the gunfire behind them.
Beat.
... cowering terrified under the couch, as the sound of GUNSHOTS fill the room.
Beat.
Bob watches Lyn stare around him, looking pale and drawn and, for the first time, afraid.
Suddenly one of them goes down.
A soldier runs into the room.
Bob watches him as he falls asleep.
Lyn suddenly stops, listening.
Bob watches him, concerned.
Lyn stares at him, disturbed, afraid this might be true.
Bill opens his eyes suddenly.
Bob suddenly leans into Lyn.
The DJ SOLDIER has gone off script.
As the music continues Bob, Lyn and Bill appear leading a column of nervous IRAQI PRISONERS out of the building, towards the gates.
Suddenly we hear the building whine of the HELICOPTER engine starting up.
Laser looks nervous.
Joni tiptoes up a dark staircase and enters an office off the mom's bedroom.
They look nervous too.
Nic and Jules share a worried look.
Paul shakes their hands.
Sasha splits and suddenly the room is thick with nervous tension.
He yelps.
Suddenly, Joni's voice echoes through the machine.
(Together, they race back through the caves dodging walls and falling ALADDIN:    Abu, this is no time to panic!  (He pulls ABU off (CARPET goes into a dive, then through another cave.
Wake up.
BEE:        (It's the GENIE.)
BEE:        Sorry.
BEE:        (Buzzing in his ear.)
Warning!
Warning!
BEE:        Stop her! Stop her! Do you want me to sting her? ALADDIN:    (Swats at bee.) Buzz off! BEE:        Okay, fine.
But remember--bee yourself!
(CARPET is ALADDIN:    Are you afraid to fight me yourself, you cowardly JAFAR:  A snake, am I?  Perhaps you'd like to see how GENIE:  Rickem, rockem, rackem, rake--stick that sword into JAFAR:  You stay out of thissss!
Bottomless.
BANG!
Locating a new bottle of aspirin...  he suddenly realizes that the SHOWER is RUNNING.
He's short, has a military haircut, and has a minor Napoleon complex and a major in paranoia.
Eddie is instantly nervous in the presence of Fouchet.
Instant horror.
And now she sees Casper's shadow as he approaches.
We MOVE WITH Julie as she races through it, heart in her throat.
Suddenly, the power is cut.
CRASH!
Wet and   frightened, Julie scurries around with a cordless phone at  her ear, locking all the doors and windows.
It's an inferno.
Beat.
Gordy's barely able to hold the hose as the high-pressure stream bites into old, decayed plaster.
Attacks the hole again furiously, until finally...  breaks through!
A small hole, which he quickly widens, to reveal... a terrified Latino family gaping down at him, their room ablaze around them.
The noise deafening.
And misses.
Luis shakes it off.
Reaching Luis -- But Gordy sees Luis is scared.
Gordy's anxious.
waves back, shrugs an apology to Anne as he starts across the street, when...  suddenly lights up the intersection.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
To the shaking Latin -- Gordy sits across from Phipps.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Gordy's flanked by the armed policemen, one with a Rottweiler.
Ever, frightened, takes a half-step back, then swings the length of bamboo fast and hard, and...
Beat.
And suddenly, AUTOMATIC WEAPONS begin to POP somewhere.
Devaney gestures with a knife.
The knife sinks an inch into the center of the post.
Tony nods but makes no move to shake hands.
He stops.
She steps closer, so the blade is only about a foot from his face. is still in the bed behind him, woken by the noise of his activity.
She stops.
Rachel turns suddenly as a tall good-looking lifeguard appears in the throng.
One room is dark.
Frank's body flies out over the boat.
Frank holds the terrified, shaking Fletcher in his arms.
Suddenly his face freezes.
She jumps the last six feet, staggering slightly as the plane's jet wash hits her, whipping her clothes and hair.
Quiff nervous but cooing, dick out, on Diskant's thigh.
* There's blood all over his house, seems to belong to him.
* Especially not Hector's... he was            * scared of him.
* ... Lester tilts his neck back, points to a long keloid scar     * that stretches across his throat...                             * Koenig flashes that grin again.
Panic: snapping pix of me?
-Hang up.
Panic.
* Hang up.
Shock.
Arrested once.
Real panic now: no ideas on what comes next.
Dark rings, deathbed eyes.
A beat.
Stalks off.
Evil.
This weird wooze overcomes me as I approach Koenig.
She surrenders.
BRANDON considers, on the edge until- He suddenly crosses the street, narrowly avoiding a taxi streaking past.
Allison shakes dandruff from her hair onto her picture.
Suddenly, from the back of the room.
Suddenly it's not so funny anymore.
Allison is suddenly defensive.
There are a few beats.
She glares at him.
He hits the brakes suddenly.
Beat.
She yells out.
We see Nora and BB dancing  closely in the shadows of the dark- ened room.
Tilley pulls up in his car in front of his house.
Tilley looks over to Sam, with panic on his face.
Suddenly Moe winces in pain.
She's nervous as hell but trying to hide it.
Phillip, scared at the prospect, nevertheless does his best to see over the dash and keep the wheel straight.
Butch spins and retakes the wheel from a frightened Phillip.
Phillip's slightly shaking hands hold the pistol pointed directly at Jerry's head.
He falls again and crawls to a stop.
The RV slides to a stop in the gravel parking lot which is full of state and local police.
Desolate.
He's suddenly aware of the peering eyes behind him.
Vince continues counting the money, nervous as hell.
The back door opens and Vince crawls out on hands and knees.
Bob suddenly punches Vince in the side knocking the breath out of him.
Linda comes over -- Very nervous, she looks around, then hands over an envelope.
Julius suddenly puts his foot on the gas and roars past Vincent.
Suddenly the CAR PHONE BEEPS.
And he guns off.
Webster suddenly kicks over the chair with Al on it.
Linda suddenly freezes at the sight of Morris Klane scoping the room.
She crawls under the blanket, turns her back to him.
Marnie shivers, chattering her teeth.
Again she shivers.
Julius, who's been quiet and distant throughout, suddenly intercedes.
Suddenly, the music from inside stops.
emerges.
A faded mermaid tattooed in the middle of his chest.
She flinches.
They do it reluctantly.
Mud moves to the front of the boat trailer and begins dragging it fully onto the bank.
Juniper holds the phone, worried.
Ellis looks at Neckbone, worried.
The CUSTOMERS are all watching now, nervous.
Buddy's face is slightly distorted by the glass.
We TRACK with Chet, very nervous, as he makes his way through the crowded roadhouse.
A gun?
We PAN to Athena, kneeling over the bleeding, twitching body of Richie-- Chet backs up, horrified.
She looks tired and a bit scared under the harsh overhead light.
Mercedes sits up and suddenly two MEN run past the edge of the patio toward the front of the house.
Mercedes sighs-- Mercedes searches to find a portable phone on the patio table, punches a number in-- Sam, out of uniform, stands behind his little house chucking fallen pecans out into the dark, thinking, listening to the night sounds.
Hollis jumps back startled and horrified-- Squatting in a ball to make himself as small as possible, eyes covered with his hands.
Our eyes readjust to see Sam, standing by his car in the lot of the long-abandoned drive- in.
She gets up and we FOLLOW her across the dark room to the jukebox.
She is startled by the voice from the dark-- Enrique steps out into the light.
His pants are wet and he's scared-- Nestor appears in the light now, supporting Anselma, who hops awkwardly to move forward-- Mercedes grudgingly indicates the lounge chair-- He and Enrique help Anselma into the chair.
The Girl looks up at Mercedes, frightened-- Mercedes looks at ANSELMA disapprovingly.
We hear SPLASHING, the frightened VOICE of a young woman-- The girl flounders into the shot, wet and scared.
Young Mercedes, a teenager not unlike ANSELMA is wading thigh-deep in the Rio, lost, scared-- Mercedes struggles toward the voice and suddenly a young man becomes visible, standing in the water, holding his band out for her, ELADIO-- He takes her arm, pulls her toward the far shore-- Mercedes is lost in thought as she recalls.
Mouth open in horror-- MUSIC CONTINUES.
Looking like the God fearing, all fearing Baptist deacon that he is -- he is as out of place as a whore in church as he nervously gazes about the room and massacres a plate of barbecued ribs.
Easy writhes and shakes like a power line shorting out.
Football manages to stagger to his feet and stumbles away into the darkness back out toward the parking lot.
Easy pulls in front of his house and notices a dark Ford parked across the street as he gets out of his car.
He plants his foot in Easy's chest and pushes him over backwards.
The little boy stares up at Easy through big, dark almond- shaped eyes in the silence that follows.
And from the corners are haunting, ghostly whispers.
The voice of the ghost is reaching closer for his ear.
Easy is scared and confused but he plays it off.
We are hurtling forward into a horror-stricken Easy in combat gear, repeatedly stabbing an already lifeless German soldier.
The dark circles under his eyes show nights without sleep.
Through the smoke, other distrustful eyes fix on him from pool tables and dark corners.
He holds    the knife to Easy's neck, letting the blade press into the skin   as he talks.
Frank's eyes flame and he presses the knife, drawing blood.
Frank's head whips toward the door and Easy knocks the knife away and comes up tussling.
He hangs up.
Then Frank, covered in blood, hurls himself across the room, out the door.
He fingers the sharp porcelain shard of the lamp, threatening.
They notice the light in the front window go out and the shade pull back slightly as they walk toward the front door.
The lights on Stephen's podium go out, he's in the dark.
In the background we can see the candidates shaking hands.
Beat.
Beat.
He hangs up.
Beat.
He hangs up.
Molly is asleep next to him.
They both stop.
STEPHEN sits in his car in the back of the parking lot, waiting...  his phone rings.
He stops.
We hear the ambulance approaching the building Stephen comes running out the door.
Panic starts to set in - the only sounds we hear are his heart beating and the phone vibrating.
Beat.
They approach a security guard standing by a set of double doors.
Suddenly, there are sounds of weapons clashing.
Yu catches up, and resumes her attack with a relentless series of lightning-quick blows.
Tsai has another long knife at his throat.
The old woman shrinks in fear, but then throws off her disguise and unveils herself -- the Governess.
A still, dark night.
The figure attacks Li, who uses his agility to evade her.
Jen is asleep.
A noise awakens her.
Jen appears suddenly with a rock and knocks it over his head.
Yu and Li enter, as other men and women race through the compound, a sense of panic in the air.
Yu picks up a huge broad sword and attacks.
Li suddenly leaps off the bamboo tree.
Li attacks her.
Li pulls a single needle from his neck.
The OWNER leans out of the door, looking a little nervous.
He stops.
She shivers.
Utter horror.
They stop.
Dead.
She hands him the phone...  There's a COLLECTION here in a glass case: ANCIENT WEAPONS - crude knives, swords, blow-darts.
All Mackelway can see is his own reflection - the fear in his eyes - bouncing off a mirror that's only inches away.
Deep sobs shudder through him, as...  O'Ryan digs that red-hot blade into Mackelway's arm: Mackelway sees the answer in his own reflection: Yes, I am terrified.
All the helplessness, all the horror, the images of watching himself in that mirror, the sounds of his own uncontrollable sobbing...  they ERUPT now into violence.
He is dead.
Stunned.
Everyone but Ann is asleep.
She hangs up.
She moves his hand to her neck and throat, painting her skin with his fingers.
She slowly moves both of her hands onto Graham's chest.
Watching him.
Suddenly -- She's Christabella unbuttoning her blouse -- and she can't do it fast enough -- still with her mouth on his and his hand between her legs and -- Suddenly -- She's Mary Ann -- flattening against the wall and her blouse is open and -- (EFX.)
We can see their horror in his face.
Suddenly, one of the guys behind them, the biggest of the three, we'll call him BIG GUY, turns back -- Big Guy pulls open his jacket -- a knife in his belt.
Kevin shaking hands with Don King, as we -- Serious flamenco.
Laying on the doorstep.
Breaking a sweat now.
Barzoon -- on his belly -- in the dirt -- trying to move -- crawl -- anything -- The two men beating Barzoon to death with stones -- -- transforming with every blow -- (EFX.) as their hands descend they become terrifying, demonic creatures, and as they rise we see them as men and over and over, as we hear -- DEVIL'S ADVOCATE - Rev. 11/2/96                          107/108.
Pushing past Christabella -- rushing up the aisle -- Milton watching Kevin flee the church.
Expressions of panic and fear and -- Kevin really striding.
-- transforming -- for an instant -- into monsters and -- Weaver more terrified than hurt -- scrambling off the hood of the car -- staring back in horror and -- Mother and child -- completely freaked out -- both of them hysterical and -- Weaver holding his arm -- nose bloodied -- but moving -- backing away -- turning to find Kevin still across the street and -- It's gonna be okay.
What was she afraid of?
The Bas Relief getting stranger and more seductive by the moment -- bodies spinning and spawning -- DEVIL'S ADVOCATE - Rev. 1/18/97                            138.
He's insane.
The mother is enormously nervous with the prospect of flight.
As they disembark... the mother studying a slip of paper...fearing she has made the mistake of a lifetime.
She is turned on..They talk in Spanish... him saying something hushed like, "I have been afraid to talk to you.
It is exactly as if she sees her daughter about to be run down by a car..only this time the thing to do is scare the car.
Flor shoots her a look of fear... a tense beat.
She is an athletic woman fueled by an ever flickering pilot light of anxiety.
She is highly aware of passing everybody..She needs to pass everybody..Her voice trails behind her as she announces to all as she approaches.."left, please," "left," "left."
The house asleep.
A beat.
bg Cortez get suddenly YANKED out of scene!
Then WHOOSHING as the chain winch suddenly FLIES IN, and CRACKS the BURLY SOLDIER across the jaw!
ON JEEP - Driver is freaking out now.
A beat.
A beat.
26                                                                26 27                                                                27 28                                                                28 29                                                               29 ON OUTSIDE OF ROOM - Raphael walks out of the shadows.
Suddenly- Tommy's defeated.
They exchange expert katana attacks.
SMASH!
It SCREAMS.
Creature suddenly lunges forward!
Mikey nurses his sore head.
Casey's bat is suddenly wrapped by Night's CHAIN, and pulled down.
Suddenly - THUNK!
Night looks scary.
Renewing attacks.
Prodding.
A beat.
CREEPY, as DOZENS OF FOOT NINJA begin to rise out of the shadows and slink toward our heroes, surrounding them.
LIFELESS.
A beat.
She suddenly GESTURES WITH HER HANDS - military/ninja style.
ON PORTAL - A pair of LARGE EYES are threatening to come out.
They stop.
A beat.
Robau moves to Pitts: Robau sits in the captain's chair his eyes on the ship as they approach -- and we SEE IT on the VIEWSCREEN -- THE NARADA -- ENORMOUS AND THREATENING.
Arm weapons!
A direct hit SMASHES several decks along the DISH of the ship -- In the massive Engine Room, a HUGE BLAST -- MEN GO FLYING IN THE Captain Robau helps a fallen CREW MEMBER up from the floor -- then, on his chair com.: INTERCUT with: Moving with the Kelvin's CHIEF ENGINEER: As the crew regains their footing, the First Officer pulls himself to his console, true fear in his eyes as he places an inter-ship call -- it's RINGING -- his fear grows with every passing RING -- then, we INTERCUT WITH: A WOMAN, 25, answers her communicator -- she lies on an exam table, afraid -- and pregnant.
and dropping!
We're dropping here!
And he STOPS.
Speaking his first words as Captain: In a moment, Robau's VITAL SIGNS appear on various monitors -- his HEART RATE, OXYGEN LEVELS, BLOOD PRESSURE, all of it.
Evasive!
Evasive!
Afraid of him.
500 cadets, a nervous KIRK among them.
POP CLOSER to her face -- mesmerized, terrified -- suddenly: a HOVERSPEEDER RACES IN behind her, at the controls is SAREK: She turns to him in horror -- Bridge doors WHOOSH OPEN as Kirk RUNS IN, followed by Uhura and a harried McCoy -- -- Mr. Kirk!
Behind him, Uhura sits, watching, concerned.
But suddenly PHASERS are at their heads.
Nero turns slowly and deliberately -- Ayel tenses: Nero now faces Ayel, blades at his throat -- Ayel growing more nervous as he faces his master.
The surrounding crew stare on, frozen in the moment, only slightly confirming their makeshift mutiny with scared looks.
Suus Mahna his       -- Suss Mahna is only intended ass!                                for self-defense, he's no -- then pretend it's a threat - - I'm your captain, that's an order!
Suddenly overcome by a feeling that the stranger who's just passed him is...  oddly familiar.
Watching.
Arm weapons!
A beat.
Reluctantly, they do.
A beat.
A beat.
She's nervous.
She stops.
Her eye lands on the floor near the false bookcase.
Suddenly: Everyone freezes.
What the hell?
He/she looks at Isabel, scared.
He hangs up.
Trails of thick magenta smoke snake across the yard, sucked by the wind.
His body goes into spasms; blood foams from his ears, mouth, eyes.
A trickle of sweat runs down into KABLE'S EYE.
The SOUND is more distinct now, CLOSER...  he's practically shaking from the struggle to overcome the control.
HACKMAN rubs his SLIPPERY HANDS together, relishing it; he nods his head toward the area behind the lockers...  to call the situation CREEPY would be a serious understatement.
He JAMS around the corner but HACKMAN is NOWHERE TO BE SEEN... past another row of lockers - NOTHING...  another... another...  WHERE THE HELL IS HE? KABLE SLAMS a FIST into a locker, BUSTING it off it's hinges.
CASTLE pokes a finger at CASTLE 2. Suddenly the room has gone dead silent.
What the hell?
The truck is about as BADASS as you could want, with dark, narrow windows, big ass wheels and a FRONT END that looks like it could PUNCH THROUGH KABLE gets to the FUEL CAP DOOR and pries it open...  ENGRAVED under the cap is a prominent WARNING: KABLE unscrews the cap and sticks his finger down his throat.
The camera creeps along a wall, coming to a corner.
This is making Pink and White nervous as hell.
Silence takes over the room.
We fear Freddy OFF SCREEN.
Fear.
FIRING both .45's,
Freddy, scared.
They EXIT the alley and FLEE down a street.
Eddie scared shitless for his father, gun locked on Mr. White.
The nurse/paramedic who stitched up his hand is in Richie's bed making so much noise he's worried someone will call the cops.
The male paramedics, scared.
Frank shakes his head no.
Sibota tries not to look as nervous as he feels.
Richie feels horrible doing this.
It's a backhanded threat.
A sudden roar from the crowd as the lights go out except for the spot on the ring.
Frank shakes his head, no thanks.
His lawyer.
Trupo slaps her hard across the face - Richie, off by himself, watches with a growing sense of panic as the mechanics, detectives and customs agents begin removing the metal skin from the plane.
Jones and Abruzzo are instantly all over the other guy as Richie swings the sledgehammer into the door - The door splinters - the room already in chaos - Teddy, panicked, runs for the bedroom - the detectives crash in yelling at the girls to get down - a shot from somewhere inside wings Abruzzo - Jones and Spearman firing back - crawling across the floor like an infantrymen - Richie comes into the darkened bedroom leading with his pistol.
Eventually - But Frank is worried, most of all by this cop who doesn't take money sitting placidly in front of him.
It too has changed.
Dangerous.
JIMMY GORDON, CLOUGH loyal trainer, his face creased with anxiety.. CLOUGH reaches the door..
His assassins.
Suddenly: "Beeep!", whistle!
Robbed.
Intimidating him.
JIMMY GORDON backs off, visibly frightened.
Walks out of the room.. PETER TAYLOR, similarly in disgrace with his family, similarly unable to go a single Sunday lunch without calling CLOUGH, whispers down the phone, terrified of his wife..
His eyes burn into REVIE's.
CLOUGH shakes himself dry.
Already fearing the rocket they will get, the lash of his tongue.. Presently, the door opens, and CLOUGH walks in, carrying a bottle of brandy, Remy Martin.
Visibly anxious, CLOUGH starts pacing again.
Slows down.
The two MEN shake hands.
The Beadle is leading a nervous Lucy along an exclusive street of dark stone mansions, grand but somehow menacing.
A feverish nightmare.
A macabre shroud of dust and spider's webs.
She looks terrified.
Stunned.
Disgusting.
Mrs. Lovett watches, concerned.
Pirelli keeps glancing at Todd in various paranoid ways throughout, frightened of Todd's progress.
Perverse.
A large chest.
Without a word of warning-- Like a thunderbolt-- Todd is on him.
She nervously begins to shift and clang some things around as she cleans the counter, trying to cover the sound, chattering: He bolts up, clearly terrified of Pirelli-- But he is gone-- Toby vaults up the stairs to the barber shop-- Todd is standing calmly when Toby bursts in-- He stops when he realizes Pirelli is nowhere to be seen.
He moves past Todd to the large chest and sits-- Only now do we see one of Pirelli's hands protruding from the chest, dangling limply.
The ghosts are gone.
She looks into the chest again.
Pulls out Pirelli's chatelaine purse, then drops the lid of the chest.
In shock.
Standing right behind Mrs. Lovett-- He is glaring at Todd, relentless and accusatory-- Blood pouring from his throat-- A shocking horror movie vision-- Then the bell rings outside the shop ... Todd turns ...  the Gentleman is gone ...
Mrs. Lovett watches him, concerned.
Todd suddenly stops...
WILL starts off towards his office and is suddenly quite sober.
Everyone says their somber hellos and shakes hands.
Next to him is his chief risk management officer, SARAH ROBERTSON, the same woman from outside the building earlier who had the run in with ERIC.
He cuts him off.
There is a haunting blue light bouncing through the buildings.
They both look up at the house dreading going in.
An intricate and dangerous maneuver he executes deftly.
Nasty.
Sam asleep in bed.
His face unfolding with panic, alarm, curiosity.
His eyes arrive on the red stress ball.
Sam asleep in bed.
Sam's face as the PANIC, the ALARM, the SHOCK, the REALIZATION hit him like a wrecking ball: this man he has just pulled out of the crashed Rover is himself.
Sam is freaking out big time, exhausted, panic-stricken, bewildered.
Sam 2 is able to loosen Sam 1's grip on the knife -- flinging the weapon across the room -- and SWINGS Sam 1 up against the wall.
But suddenly there is no struggle coming from Sam 1: he's stopped fighting.
A concerned Sam 2 watches him go.
On the minus     side: his over- eagerness to please, his nervous smiles    and his clothes.
As the CAMERA TRACKS the car with VARIOUS SHOTS, we hear: Everybody says hello, shakes hands, then they all head into the house.
He's nervous, though, because Caroline is going to shoot, and he squeezes off his TEN SHOTS in RAPID SUCCESSION, hardly pausing to breathe.
He is evidently the one who's nervous, though, for after he SHOOTS and waits, the score is raised: 95.
Toby, looking scared, sits across from him.
Dwight is oblivious to the danger.
The room is dark.
Then his eye falls on Toby's yellow hands.
With his last bit of strength Toby throws the bigger boy off him and sits up, while PEPPER BARKS FURIOUSLY at him and threatens to nip his leg.
A worried Toby sits dreading Dwight's arrival.
(We hear THUNDER of an approaching storm.)
Toby stops suddenly.
When's Luke's graduation?
Hey gangsta, help me carry these...  Yep.... Mom, are you afraid to sleep in the house alone?
It is? Oh, sorry, I have a 10:30...  dentist.
Ouch!!!! Oh my Goddddddd.
Are we still okay?
Missed you.
I'll stop.
That was horrifying.
Why are you still here?
Okay, I'm gonna be sick.
Carrie looks afraid.
Samantha shakes her head no.
She shakes her head: No.
He stops.
Steve is paralyzed.
He stands there; shaken.
Scared.
Carrie leans against the door, her face now concerned.
She looks terrified.
Then -- Big is sitting in the car as it MOVES down a side street.
Big's car pulls over, as the limo approaches.
Moves it to his chest.
Charlie is terribly anxious.
He's looking at Charlie...  Terrified.
And disappears.
If you've never had an anxiety attack, this is how it feels.
Little Candace is asleep on the floor.
Ghosts on the wall.
A paranoid nightmare.
Hits another in the throat.
BACK TO PRESENT as 16 year old Charlie begins to have a full blown anxiety attack.
7 year old Charlie takes Aunt Helen's hand and turns it over...  to reveal her wrist scars.
He begins to panic.
Shocked.
Flying.
She's frantic.
Bruno snorts agreement, goes for his wallet...  Tommy goes gor the ring... then suddenly leaps back in a cringe!
He stops them.
Suddenly, Dodge reappears.
(beat.)
(beat.)
(beat.)
You poor thing.
He hides in the shadows taking pictures with his digital camera.
We creep upon Ryan Blood as he works at his computer.
Zoey jumps out of bed, like she is waking from a nightmare.
Suddenly Zoey's cell phon rings.
It comes out more like frightened little girl. Louis lets out another scream, this one is slightly better.
(beat.)
He pulls his katana up to attack position and Louis follows suit.
He stands, dizzy, surveying the dark, locked restaurant, and staggers across the deserted parking lot toward his truck.
He looks down, SHUDDERS,...  Luke's face CONTORTS, terrified.
Each time the horror of it grows more intense.
Luke leans against the logs, wipes sweat from his brow, and realizes...  Panicked, he grabs his crotch, feels it, Everything's normal.
Keenan and Janine exchange a worried look.
Abandoned timber surrounds an asphalt clearing.
The KNOCK PERSISTS.
They drive in silence.
They shock him again.
Every large city has a hospital Emergency Room so replete with trauma, violence and suffering it picks up the sobriquet "Knife and Gun Club."
Two LACERATED RUSSIANS scramble out of their way as they approach GRISS, the large black sunglassed security guard.
13 Zebra sits in the quiet dark.
In a second he's asleep.
His back arches, his body shakes, his arms yank at their restraints as if reaching to pull out the wires and tubes.
Mishra takes an osteocatheter out of the cart, forces it into the now obscured baby as Nurse Constance massages the infant's chest.
Mishra, worried, checks with Nurse Constance--they're losing the newborn: Frank looking at the EKG monitor--a green flatline--backs away.
CRASH!
The room getting warm and dark.
Gone is the lost daughter, the scared junkie.
His eyes close: sleep.. PINK Revision   -   6-20-07                               2A.
They shake hands and sign the papers.
WHITE Revision   -   6-6-07                                    7. Lenny awkwardly starts to glug as Uri looks on.
Nervous, the Councilor knows these thugs aren't shy.
He suddenly stops.
His eyes have spotted something scary, the office chair disappears from under him, he takes the phone, the lamp, and the ash tray with him to the floor.
Beat while panic sets in and Archy is saying something on the other end.
She disappears.
Malcolm pauses before he panics, he can tell something is up.
WHITE Revision    -   6-6-07                                   37. Lenny's face contorts with anger.
The TWO SLOANES scream in horror.
He looks over and see's Pete has got the most horrific scars on his back.
Archy looks a little worried.
YELLOW Revision   -   6-20-07                            48.
YELLOW Revision    -   6-20-07                           48A.
YELLOW Revision   -   6-20-07                         48B.
CHECHNYAN 2 pulls up his trouser leg to reveal massive scars on his shin.
He lets off twenty three bullets into the CHECHNYAN 2's chest, the CHECHNYAN is knocked back and disappears over the mezzanine.
CHECHNYAN 2 goes flying over the roof, but stops himself hitting the road by perforating the hood with his massive knife.
The boys are in horror.
CHECHNYAN 2 has ripped off his jacket, we can see his massive scar covered torso dripping in blood and sweat, he seems unstoppable.
The wording is odd, suspicious -- Talley grows even more concerned.
In the middle: Kevin Rooney, nineteen, scared shitless at what they're about to do.
Anders and Jorgenson are young guys; they've never worked a high-crime area; they've never made a felony arrest; and right now they're scared shitless.
Talley stares up the cul-de-sac at the Smiths' house as if this was a terrible nightmare -- Gunsmoke fills the air.
Kevin is at the French doors, nervous and scared; Mars is a dark shadow behind her -- She kneels to a low cabinet when Mars kicks it shut -- Mars towers over her, his groin inches from her face -- Mars gazes down at her, enjoying his size and power.
Jennifer slowly reaches for the knife -- Jennifer freezes, terrified.
She pushes the knife behind the Cuisinart to hide it, then turns.
Talley and Leigh Metzger stride through a pool of street light as she reports -- They arrive at Larry Anders, who is waiting at his car with a slim, nervous cement contractor named Brad Dill -- Metzger holds out a still picture that was made from Junior Kim's security tape -- Metzger hurries away as Talley turns back to Dill -- Dill pulls out a tattered address book.
Kevin can see that she's scared.
She is terrified that he is going to kiss her, but, instead, he sniffs, smelling her -- Mars hooks the claw hammer under his shirt and lifts to expose his chest.
The room is dark.
His radio crackles -- Talley finishes his business, and keys his mike -- Now Talley is worried.
It rings only once -- Intercut Louise, at her desk outside Talley's office -- Talley worries it only for a moment -- Talley pushes out of the bathroom into -- He flags Leigh Metzger as he cups the phone -- As Metzger hurries away, we intercut Thomas, hiding in the shadows on his bed, whispering so as not to be overheard -- Talley can tell by the tremor in the boy's voice--this is for real -- Talley hurries to a large sketch of the Smiths' floor plan laid out on the dining room table -- Martin enters with Leigh Metzger.
Ken Seymore steps into the street, speaking into a cell phone as he watches Talley drive away -- A traffic light on the outskirts of town, deserted until Talley's car pulls to a stop -- Suddenly, two masked men point guns at his head, one from the driver's side, one from the passengers.
Martin, surprised to see Talley, steps from the van -- Martin is surprised and angry -- Talley heads for the cul-de-sac -- Jennifer is on her bed in the darkness, groggy with fear and fatigue.
Jennifer slides out of bed and goes to the door -- The door suddenly opens, and Mars is framed in the dim light.
He answers -- Dennis shoots a nervous glance at Walter, who's twitching and shuddering on the couch -- Maddox can't believe that Talley is saying this -- Maddox grabs Talley's arm, his voice a low hiss -- Talley pushes Maddox away and amps the pressure on Dennis -- Dennis is freaking.
This crazy shit is working -- Dennis is at the edge; he's looking straight down into his deepest fears.
He peels back Walter's eyelids and flashes a penlight -- As Bigelow sets a cervical neck brace, Talley gets the creepy feeling that he's being watched.
Mars is still watching him -- are surrounded by cops as soon as they step into the shadows behind the lights.
Talley is pacing by his car in the deserted parking lot.
Jennifer is hiding in her shadows when her doorknob moves.
Mars is a great black shadow in the dark, only inches away.
A Bristo Camino police car pulls up outside a thirty-foot Caravan trailer, and Mikkelson and Dreyer get out.
Mikkelson lights up the trailer with the radio car's spotlight -- The trailer is dark and silent.
More jars.
Mars steps out of the shadows -- Mars cross the kitchen and goes for the stairs without another word -- Dennis throws the bottle across the room -- Thomas is scared by all the shouting, but he waits in the darkness until Dennis quiets, and then we notice that he is no longer in his room; he's in the hobby room, once more trying to reach the gun -- Thomas stacks two phone books on the bench, then uses the phone books as an extra step to reach the high shelf -- He can finally reach the gun case!
A dark liquid like oil is spreading on the floor.
Mars follows her across the room until she backs into the window -- When Mars reaches her, he touches the hammer to the chest, pressing to make it hurt -- Mars rakes the claws slowly between her breasts as Jennifer finds the knife in her shorts.
Jennifer tries to get past him, but he grabs her throat and pins her to the wall -- He raises the knife to her face -- The scream from the laundry room having scared the shit out of Dennis, he has his gun out -- Dennis turns on his flashlight and sweeps the beam across the kitchen -- Dennis weaves across the kitchen, pushing the gun ahead of him -- Dennis steps through the door into -- Dennis shines the light on the floor and sees the red ooze.
They are shaking and scared, but they are safe.
A few cars are scattered throughout the quiet parking lot -- is hiding in weeds across from the motel, keeping an eye on the road for Talley's approaching vehicle.
A radio transmission crackles quietly -- Ruiz keys the mike -- Talley steps silently behind him and presses his gun to Mike Ruiz's ear -- Buster is on the dark side of thge parking lot, standing watch outside the pool of light in the shadows -- Gravel crunches behind him; Buster turns, and -- Talley cracks him across the face with his .45
They are bound tight with their mouths taped, immobile and helpless, their eyes wide with fear -- Marion presses a gun to Jane's temple -- Talley jerks his gun toward Howell -- Talley aims at the man in the car; he aims at Howell.
A line of cars move up and then slides with great speed while out the window of the house a band shakes a dust mop.
They shake hands and Alvy pats the man's arm.
Annie and Alvy shake hands.
Alvy shakes hands with Annie.
He hangs up.
Tony reaches over and shakes hands with Alvy.
He shakes hands with Annie.
He rises and they shake hands.
They move down the steps of the cafe' toward the parking lot.
Policemen are walking up and down the courthouse steps as Alvy and Rob move out the door of the building, down the steps to the street.
Annie opening the door to Alvy the night he came over to kill the spider; Annie and, Alvy in the bookstore buying the "Death" titles; Annie and, Alvy in their Hamptons house, Annie reading a school catalogue, the night Alvy puts in the red light.
She's stunning, genetically nervous.
Monica giggles, presses back the bubble rising in her chest and moving toward her throat.
Stunned.
Jack and Evie are asleep across the bed.
Mac begins to panic.
He is drowning.
Panic gives way to acceptance.
Mumble inhales, his eyes are shining, his body is shaking.
Their dark eyes fix on Mumble.
He knocks Mumble down and places his HUGE CLAW on his chest.
In his adult plumage he's distinguishable by a small birthmark, like a bowtie on his chest and a small tuft of down on his head which has not yet moulted off.
They all shuffle back to the previous spot and stand there, frozen by indecision Suddenly the little dark figure of MUMBLE barrels through the pack, yelling For a long moment he's airborne.
Two PENGUINS shoot up through HOLES IN THE ICE...  Skidding out of control, they COLLIDE, ending up in a breathless heap on top of each other.
A DARK SHAPE passes swiftly through the water.
The dark shape SHOOTS out of the water.
One of them smims closer to the great jaws Mumble pops his head out from between the jaws Terrified the Adelies scatter and shoot to the surface like missiles.
Suddenly she becomes aware of a MELLIFLUOUS MALE VOICE overlapping hers.
She stops.
LOVEDAY shakes his head, `no'.
Beaten, LOVEDAY shakes his head `No' The Adelies are stunned into silence.
LOVEDAY croaks a warning.
The ADELIES flee across the ice.
Suddenly, MUMBLE turns to the precipice and runs as fast as he can...
And vanishes.
A A gasp of fear and astonishment from the penguins.
A few adventurous souls begin to copy him, out of fear if nothing else.
JADE, Mookie's sister, is fast asleep.
The horror is on their faces, with the prospect of working, slaving in Sal's and Sons Famous Pizzeria, trapped for the rest of their lives.
He screams.
Da Mayor leads Sal, Vito, and Pino back to his stoop where they watch in horror.
He's scared to death, as the mob is poised to tear his place up too.
Sal throws the "C" notes at Mookie, they hit him in the chest and fall to the sidewalk.
They come to a staircase at the back of the restaurant leading down to a dark room.
They shake hands.
The threat has hit home.
David Kujan is walking quickly beside SERGEANT RABIN, a dark and weathered looking man in his late thirties.
SUDDENLY, the hallway is a flurry of activity.
After a moment, a POLICE CRUISER pulls up to him.
He trembles in terror.
REDFOOT and McManus shake hands.
He lets his guards do the worrying.
SUDDENLY, The sound of a man clearing his throat.
Soze's wife SCREAMS IN HORROR.
SUDDENLY, Keaton grabs McManus' hand and pulls the gun away before he can shoot.
Keaton slowly turns and watches as they shake hands and talk.
Verbal remains in the darkness, looking frightened.
He seems stricken with fear.
A stereo playing softly in the room mixes with the man's panicked breathing.
He hears a noise behind him.
The man in the suit is covered by shadows and the poor angle from the barge.
SUDDENLY, Kujan's face changes.
They lie silently in the dark for a moment.
The car moves over a tree-lined country lane and presently turns off onto a private road, leading to a large Victorian-style house.
still asleep in the chaise.
When they break off and resume walking, she takes one of his hands in both of hers and, after looking at the scars and callouses accumulated by his years of manual labor, she lays the hand against her cheek.
watching as Bobby's car pulls out of the drive and disappears onto the private road.
He suddenly pushes her away.
Grievously hurt by his gesture and expressive of an anger she's heretofore been afraid to reveal: She makes a fist of her hand as though she were about to hit him, then changes her mind.
swells.
Theo shakes it.
Theo takes the ball and exits the house.
Sheila is dismembering a Ken doll with a big knife.
Buzz flashes a warning glare to Theo.
He has blood on his face.
The weather is windy and threatening.
As the two men shake hands, Sheila "flips the bird" to the camera.
One of the guys is on crutches, has a neck brace, a chest cast, and one arm in a truss.
Theo shakes his fingers.
Sheila turns and does the freak to Theo, rubbing her rear end into his crotch.
Sheila takes Theo's nervous hands and places them inside her shirt.
He stops short as a warning alarm begins to sound from somewhere deep within the building.
Kastle hands her the card and heads into the house.
We HEAR Buzz screaming in terror.
Lane six goes dark.
The house is dark except for a light coming from the closed bathroom door.
Junior lunges out of the dark, mangled and bloody with bowling pins sticking out of his chest.
Water runs as Theo manically washes the blood from his hands and arms.
Buzz.
She hangs up.
They hang up.
He hands off the phone-- Several TOP AIDES join this slightly confidential conversation.
A light rain is falling.
But instead of hands going up, the PRESS CORPS suddenly stands.
Panic returns to his eyes.
A separate being...  Terrified, he slowly stands staring at his stationary double.
His eyes turn cold with fear when- Void of any facial expression, the man's reflection slices his jugular from end to end.
In reality, the man chokes on his own blood which splatters on the mirror- TURNING THE IMAGE TO A DARK DEEP RED.
Ominous.
Caught in the pouring rain, Ben has taken shelter under the scaffolding at a street corner.
In denial, Michael blocks his ears with his hands and lies back under the water...  Amy seems distrustful of Ben, scared of how close he is to the edge.
He is on guard, fearing another supernatural manifestation.
THE CHEERFUL VISION OF A Frightened, Ben steps back- The flames spread quickly to the escalators where the crowd has rushed to escape death- In the midst of the flames through the heat waves, Ben spots the face of the firestarter- IS IT HIS OWN? Ben has no time to react.
Panicked, he attempts to put out the fire with his hands- He comes back to reality- Ben catches his breath, trying to come to his senses.
During his panic, the flashlight rolled under one of the counters.
The beam illuminates the ground and throws light on an object a bit further away- A LEATHER Sitting at the bar, Ben is nervous, tense...
Suddenly, he notices a darker area on the wall.
His gaze freezes when he realizes that Gary is not standing in front of the mirror with his face pressed against it, but- Ben steps back, terrified.
He runs into Lorenzo who exits the trailer, ready to go home from work- Lorenzo hands him over the keys.
Suddenly he is struck by a frightening feeling of deja-vu, HE IS In the darkness, the rat glides peacefully on the water surface.
The doctor, has a smirk on his face- Suddenly, reflected in the stainless-steel door of the compartment bay, Ben sees- Ben jumps out of his skin and backs away, terrified.
We sense that she is concerned about Ben's strange behavior and over sensitivity.
Amy suddenly becomes more concerned and sits down next to Michael- Michael gives a reluctant nod.
Suddenly, Terrence's behavior shifts to another extreme.
After seeing the video footage on Terrence, he has been struck with fear and panic for his family- Before the perplexed gaze of Rosa and his children, Ben agitatedly comes and goes in the hallway of the second floor.
He tears away the bathroom mirror, unhooks the one in the far end of the hallway, and removes some from Amy's room...  Rosa fears more and more for the children and takes them under her protective arms.
As soon as she sees the front door open, and the mirrors laid out on the landing of the front steps, Amy rushes into the house, panic-stricken.
Amy's glance freezes in horror.
She runs the rosary nervously between her fingers and kneels down in front of her bed to pray when- A loud muted sound followed by a sudden wave of agitation is heard outside the cell.
Behind him, the other nuns are terrified.
She presses her ear to his chest.
Maslow is nervous.
Takeshi attacks again.
He turns slightly towards Kiriko, as her chest rises and falls, her breath as rhythmic as and gentle as the lap of sea-water in a tidal pool.
* As he steps out of the shadow of the house, she sees his face- It is Raizo.
A beat.
She stands in the dark.
Mika parks her car around the corner from the apartment building, gets out and starts down the street when she sees -- -- the apartment building and the one next door are dark.
Mika looks up at the building, scared but not ready to believe that ninjas are responsible for everything.
She presses on.
Terror steals her breath.
Behind her, a shadow tilts and reveals the eyes of a ninja.
Before she can even move, a blade flashes from the darkness, heading for her neck- Another shadow blocks the blade, knocking Mika over the bed.
The sounds of a fight erupt all around her but the combatants are almost invisible in the surrounding darkness.
She can feel them fighting very close to her and when she finds them with her flashlight, a blade is struck deep- Blood erupts.
Shakes her head "no."
Suddenly he pulls her into the corner of a doorway.
It is Kiriko and she screams as we attack- The sound of the assault becomes- Mika's car rushing past us.
Raizo attacks and it is immediately apparent that this is not going to be easy.
Raizo meets their attack.
The shops are all closed, Mika's car crawls to a stop in the empty parking lot.
He passes into the shadow of the building and disappears.
It is the middle of the night.
Mika's eyes dart into the pitch, red emergency lights suddenly glowing ominously.
Sparks fly and blood falls.
Mika suddenly stops.
He opens the door retracing their steps into the dark.
Mika suddenly very alone manages a slow nervous pirouette in the crypt-like garage, before skittering for Maslow's sedan.
Her eyes twitch from mirror to mirror when she sees up ahead-- A shadow hanging in the corner of the tunnel like a spider.
And suddenly the ninja are on him.
Raizo cartwheels over the hood, forcing the Scarred Ninja to leap the other way, and as he turns -- -- Raizo comes down on him, slashing his shoulder.
Mika's car slashes across the width of the street screeching to a stop next to Raizo.
Stump gets out, blows on his hands.
RAIN POUNDS down as the car climbs to higher elevation.
The noise is frightening from that close.
Stump is terrified.
Stump is terrified -- he gasps for air.
Then, suddenly -- Cobb starts coughing terribly.
Stump is terrified.
And Cobb drifts to sleep in his chair, momentarily overcome with painkillers.
The light is dark, purple, eerie, and Stump is lost in thought, until, suddenly, he sees: A trail of blood in the snow.
Stump stops in fear, then approaches, leans down and examines -- The buck's head has a hole blasted behind the ear.
Stump is terrified, straining to see through the flurries which grow thicker by the second.
Stump is caught between fear and rage.
Sheer terror.
There's blood on his face.
He's suddenly so relaxed that he pays little attention to the road.
Stump suddenly looks up and shouts in terror.
Stump is in sheer terror by this time.
The vindictive threats are ceaseless.
Stump looks up in fear and points at the road.
Into the storm the car disappears -- fishtailing down the mountain.
Suddenly -- as slick as a bobsled run.
Terror.
Terror.
Suddenly, silence.
He tears them as he does.
The woman hears noises on the balcony and leaps out of bed in terror.
Stump is shaken by this story.
Terror and tears.
He signs as he walks, suddenly gracious in this moment.
Cobb is out of control, we hear threats of arrest -- when...
D'Artagnan, terrified, jumps off the bed, which is           * now in total disarray.
Suddenly a closet door is opened.
Now in the control room, Abby panics.
As Abby looks horrified, the PHONES in the control room start RINGING off the hook.
He watches, horrified at her spazziness.
He flinches.
Mike looks worried.
Suddenly, her smile quickly changes to horror.
Stuart watches, worried, as Abby rises from underneath the table, clutching her head and looking around frantically, trying to figure out who has the remote.
He starts to get up but -- Abby grabs Mike's arm, yanking him back down, in the throes of panic and pleasure.
As Stuart frowns, concerned, Abby spasms, then rushes through it as fast as she can.
A "Tonight Show" handler in a headset readies a visibly nervous Mike backstage.
Suddenly the Gaffer turns on the 5K, flooding the room with harsh, blinding light.
Suddenly the BOOM drops into frame again.
Suddenly there is a tremendous EXPLOSION sending bits of glass flying through the frame.
Cora jumps, clutching her chest.
Nick's face betrays a rapidly increasing anxiety.
He glances over and to his horror sees that no one is behind the camera.
The bedside clock reads 4:30 A.M. The car pulls up outside a NYC apt building.
Suddenly the Gaffer reaches out and warmly shakes the AC's hand.
Suddenly the door opens behind him and Nicole walks in.
Nick suddenly runs up just as Wolf and Wanda are on the verge of blows.
Nick suddenly sees Palomino is wearing a black eyepatch.
Palomino suddenly stops pacing and addresses Nick with a curtness that is a little startling.
Palomino suddenly punches Nick in the stomach, leaving him bent over and gasping for breath.
Suddenly Nick staggers to his feet and rushes at Palomino.
Suddenly, everything becomes quiet except for Nick's labored breathing and the Scriptgirl's sniffles.
Suddenly a DOOR opens away from camera and the AC stops, a foot away from the lens.
Without knocking he pushes open the bathroom door and suddenly stops short.
Suddenly Wanda yells out.
Suddenly CORA comes through the set door and marches up to Nicole.
Suddenly she begins striding toward it.
Weak.
Fever.
Look hes scared!
Coward!
Dead?
Nooo Nooo Noo! Its alright, you dont need that!
Beware.
"My face in thine eyes, thine in mine appears, What?
Mace.
They are worried about you.
But now he breaks tradition and scares all the barons by naming you as second.
I dont know for sure, she was having a walk in the garden before and Im afraid I got tired so I returned.
I miss you.
Seize him.
Seize him.
I done heard        find that the added stress of everything.
Mrs. Lichenstein vaults backwards in terror and tumbles to the floor.
Precious suddenly looks exhausted.
Ms. Rain writes briskly across the blackboard.
Ms. Rain sits at her desk reading with her pen ready.
CRASH!!!
SMASH!
She looks up frightened, taking in the others sitting around her. Shes hold Abdul closer.
The dark swallows her whole.
He drops.
A few moments later, in SLOW MOTION, GINGER appears at the top of the ladder and steps onto the trailer's roof.
They shake hands and Gabriel heads toward the back of the house.
A shadow falls over her.
We PULL BACK, THROUGH a window INTO: A small trailer across the canyon from Gabriel's house.
An evil-looking, camouflaged gunship suddenly crests the hill directly above him, ROTORS THUMPING.
Gabriel shoots Reisman in the chest.
A beat.
Then they get a little wild -- and the other ants, who are still doing their intricate dance, start to collide with Bala and Z.  Z almost knocks over a big soldier ant.
He stops.
The shadows crowd around the panicked Z, who looks up at the sky as we see the army on the march...  Z starts to fall out of line, but Barbatus, looking concerned, stops him.
Then we hear a strange and sees that Z's teeth are chattering with fear.
A stream of termite acid burning him to a cinder clutching a still-burning cigar; Z's paratroop buddies turn in terror to see a rumbling towards them.
Z, terrified, dives into the hole that the huge termite made...  ...and tumbles headlong into a corridor of the termite mound.
We can see that the termite warriors, deprived of their leader, are suddenly confused and directionless, easy prey for the ants.
CRASH.
Z makes his way across the corpse-strewn battlefield, an expression of horror on his face.
Angry officers begin to surround Z, who hides behind Bala in fear, using her as a shield.
She shakes herself out of it.
We start hearing NOISES -- the equivalent of scary jungle sounds in a Tarzan movie -- the HISSING, CROAKING, CHIRRUPING...  Bala sees directions...and spots a colossal monster (a sparrow.)
Bala notices that they're clutching one another in fear; she pushes him away.
A nervous Weaver is sitting across from Formica, flanked by a couple of stoic guards.
The creature seems to hear something, and, Pomeranian, one of those yappy little lap-dogs -- but seen from ant perspective, it's something out of a The monster bears its huge fangs at the approaching intruders -- a bunch of they're attacking the The monster rears and snaps at two of the ants, who are making a diversionary run...  and then soft, wet nose and start The monster rears back in pain -- and runs away, YIPPING!
Even Mandible's troops look scared of him.
Darkness.
Suddenly, the wasp bounces up and down in the air.
They shake hands and the wasp flies off.
For a moment, Z's afraid.
The Queen looks over at Z. Outside of the colony, where Formica, surrounded by the army, gives a signal to Mandible by drawing his finger across his throat...  AT THE TOP OF THE TUNNEL, the commando starts chiseling away furiously at the wall...and nothing but dust falls down.
And a TORRENT starts pouring out -- swallowing the terrified commando as if he were a crumb and heading down the tunnel like a freight train, ripping up the walls as it goes...  Everyone turns to hear the tunnel -- From here, we can see deep into the tunnel, at the point where it levels out...and the torrent can be seen rushing down at them...
The workers remain frightened but silent.
Z trembles, terrified.
Z stands there, shivering with fear.
It looks like all of Insectopia has turned out: spiders, caterpillars, rhinoceros beetles, all manner of creatures crawling and flying have shown up, and now surround the army, dwarfing them.
He looks up into Z's eyes, a new expression crossing his features: fear.
A very dark room barely lit by the daylight.
THE PAPER BUNDLE is snapped open with a knife.
He quickly flees.
VERONICA holds DANTE in her arms, his head on her chest.
He pauses midstrike and lays it on the ice cream chest.
A SMOKER steps in.
Dante manages to break his study of the O.C. oddity and searches for the smokes.
DANTE is suddenly by her side, taking the books from under her arm.
He hangs up.
He suddenly snaps his eyes open.
Hopeless.
Twombley's gun hits frozen rocks, fires, blows a hole through his chest.
MEL GORDON, 40, dark-eyed, wearing a tartan robe, steps behind his wife.
Glen Whitehouse, plastered, yells at Wade, age 13: Wade, frightened, retreats as Sally enters in her housecoat.
Stops.
Jill, frightened, wildly hits him from behind: Wade moves back like a bear, covering his face and arms.
He looks up with child's fear and guilt at his father.
Blood suddenly drips from his ear to the ground.
Jack, hit in the chest, falls bleeding between trees.
Strange robotic creatures scramble around the planet in a wild panic.
The mist threatens to engulf him too.
As we rise higher and higher in the atmosphere, we see the horror wrought by the hideous and still mysterious Unicron.
It is horrifying.
But we are most concerned with a small, greenish metal one.
Standing at the Command Center, watching: Suddenly, smoke starts pouring out of the mountain.
Suddenly, a small tape deck pops open...  a cassette pops out and transforms into... ... Laserbeak who flies away unseen.
as he MOVES ONTO SCENE in Humanoid mode, showing battle burns and scars.
He shakes his fist.
The five cassettes: BUZZSAW, FRENZY, RUMBLE, RAVAGE AND LASERBEAK pop from his chest transform, and prepare to attack.
Decepticons dive on fleeing Autobots.
Just as the wind and gravity are about to knock her off, she jumps up and...  Springer grabs her hand and pulls her in, narrowly avoiding a barrage Daniel is watching, terrified.
Suddenly, the moleculon missiles, reverse course and start coming back.
Suddenly, a hatch opens and a massive grabber that looks like a lobster claw shoots out at it.
Suddenly, a Quintesson Guard roars in...
He moves awkwardly, barely able to advance a step He suddenly starts moving rapidly backwards, then sideways, then forward, then he starts dancing rapidly, then bounces off walls...  ..spinning upside down, then flips over several times and lands in a splatter, legs spread, arms this way and that - amused, startled and unhurt.
He is about to pounce on Slag when a massive tree, which is actually more like a sword, suddenly is spring and arcs toward him.
They fly down and land on the pile, transforming into Dinobot mode.
He suddenly transforms to cannon mode and fires!
As all of his limbs are separated from his body and scattered in the distance, he SCREAMS IN HORROR.
The planet suddenly starts shaking.
Galvatron is bathed in a reddish light, and looks up in horror!
Suddenly, the ground he stands on drops away, and he falls through space...  ... Landing on a protruding plate which sticks out of Unicron's chest.
He looks around himself in horror and lets out a loud scream as he realizes the unimaginable horror that surrounds him.
The fighters are the size of bees as they attack.
Suddenly, Daniel's foot is caught in a maze of wiring.
He looks back, and to his horror sees Jazz, Bumblebee and his father about to be dropped in.
Suddenly, it lights up.
Suddenly,    he starts tearing into his body.
One takes a whopper bite out of Springer's chest.
The convertible makes a hot turn onto the street and approaches with its singing.
Rex, nervous, laughs ruefully.
They shake hands.
Suddenly, she's assaulted by a huge, grotesquely garbed assailant.
His sweats barely cover his massive, overdeveloped musculature.
He gropes her.
He strokes it.
Miles looks nervous.
Miles and Marylin asleep in bed.
A dense forest on a dark, misty night.
YOUNG EDWARD CARNBY (age 10.), small, thin, and terrified, runs for his life.
Tomething chases Young Edward through the dark forest.
The beams of a dozen flashlights cut through the mist of the dark forest.
On the door is a sign marked: DANGER, along with the symbol for ELECTRICITY.
Suddenly, there's a RUSH of movement behind him.
Captain Chernick looks nervous as the crane SHUDDERS with the strain.
Terrified, the First Mate and Crewman Barnes aim their Hudgens stands at the door, listening to the GUNFIRE.
Suddenly, there's a CRASH at the door.
Suddenly, the door is still.
The xenomorph creature is huge, terrifying.
Another xenomorph creature steps out of the shadows.
She notices the new scars and bruises along his back.
Fischer edges to the Kitchen door, listening, anxious.
The Agents FIRE glowing bullets through the dark Loft.
Beat.
She SCREAMS.
She's dead.
Suddenly, there's a SCRATCHING, SCURRYING sound.
Bombs falling nearby.
Suddenly the lights go out.
Candles light the room where the conductor shakes hands with the Reichsminister.
Goebbels shakes hands with Furtwangler.
Bombs falling.
Werner is made more anxious.
Schlee, too, is very nervous.
Nervous, tense.
Emmi bites her lip and, without looking at him, disappears into the office.
Then suddenly turns on Furtwangler.
Then Emmi steps into the room, approaches Furtwangler.
British and American servicemen, a Russian and a French officer studying papers, making notes.
He goes to the window, watching the rain.
Steve is suddenly at their table.
David suddenly stands and takes Emmi by the arm.
After nervous looks over his shoulder Rode, salutes half- heartedly.
Rode suddenly starts to retch.
Rode stops suddenly.
David suddenly stops.
Suddenly the road begins to descend.
It will become like an airless court room, a pressure cooker.
He pushes his face close to Furtwangler, who recoils, terrified.
Stillness.
Goebbels rises and shakes hands with him.
A beat.
A beat.
He hangs up.
Catching the officer's concerned look...  Margaret pulls open curtains, flooding the room with light.
Suddenly, a golf ball hits him on the head.
He has his iPod cranked with a POUNDING TUNE.
Gary suddenly realizes something very, very terrible is about to happen.
He SHAKES the mixer.
A beat.
She hangs up.
He suddenly punches her, one hit to the face.
A beat.
They shake.
They cross off the pavement, descending into a dark forest.
On both Mary and Gabriel's faces, we see anxiety.
They shake.
The Landlord and Novello are looking out the window at the departing police car, the noise having distracted them from the door pounding.
Bob shakes his head, unhappy at this condition.
As the train starts to leave, Betty and Bob shake hands.
She stalks out.
They are getting into their old uniforms, which are slightly misfit.
Its ORANGE HAIR is crawling with SPIDERS.
Clown's CHEST, NECK, CHEEK.
Only scar-tissue remains, and a single usable eye bulging from a socket.
Bad!"
It GRABS Cholo with a terrifying GROWL.
It's the first time we've seen him scared.
With surprising dexterity, he slings the weapon's strap over his head and across his chest, patting the strap as if comforted by it.
In the bustle of activity, HARRY, the biker who was attacked in town, perspires as he helps unload.
Suddenly...  ...PLINK!
CHOLO approaches a CHECKPOINT manned by TWO SECURITY GUARDS.
Frightened, he's wielding a SCISSORS, poised to strike.
The door BURSTS open...  ...and CHOLO enters a dark foyer.
Cholo shakes her, hard.
Tony's arms wave wildly, like a giant zombie, comic yet oddly unnerving as...  BLAM! BLAM! Bullets hit it in the face and neck.
SOLDIERS abandon their stations and scatter, shooting wildly.
Bullets march up his groin, belly, chest, and, finally, head.
He drops.
ANOTHER SOLDIER attacks.
Suddenly, CHARLIE draws his .45
SCAR grabs his weapons.
FOXY and SCAR move toward a large STORAGE BUILDING where a door swings in the night breeze, SLAPPING alarmingly against the wall.
Scar nervously pulls out a flashlight.
Scar reaches for it.
Gasping, Scar grabs the flashlight, shining the beam up onto what should be a leg, but there's nothing left above its bloody shin.
PLIP! PLOP! PLIP! Beads of BLOOD hit the floor, dropping from the DARK FIGURE of a SOLDIER who is approaching.
He has BULLET HOLES in his chest, but they're not what's dripping blood.
Foxy and Scar move into a hangar-like space.
Except for the mote-filled BEAM from Scar's flashlight, which illuminates a supply of enormous cannon shells, lined up on storage shelves.
SIX DEAD SOLDIERS are hunkered in the shadows, EATING the REMAINS of OTHER DEAD SOLDIERS.
As he squeezes the trigger, the sound of the gunfire OVERLAPS into...  ANCHOR and SCAR wrestle TWO "JOHNSONS" into place.
FOXY, ANCHOR, and SCAR stand nearby.
BLOOD TRICKLES.
Dade starts hacking.
Plague's phone is ringing, waking him.
Plague, Margo and two suits from the boardroom are riding down an escalator.
Plague is there.
Then Dade wakes up in a sweat.
Plague is hacking.
Dade and Kate shake hands and the challenge begins.
Right there, the waiter chops the MasterCard in two with a pair of scissors, to Gill's horror.
Suddenly there is gridlock on the streets of New York City.
It's The Plague.
It's Razor.
Hackers in England, Italy, Japan, Russia, everywhere mobilize and start attacking the Ellingson Gibson.
Suddenly, the lights in three buildings change.
She's SHOCKED.
You are the victim here.
A strange WIND blows the drapes and the wisp of smoke up, up, up...  to the clock on the wall.
Nearing panic, Fletcher whirls to his BRIEFCASE and grabs the brief.
Fletcher screeches to a standstill, suddenly aware of what he just said.
He shakes his head unhappily.
Fletcher is FRIGHTENED.
Max grins -- then suddenly asks, in rapid succession.
Max shakes his head "no."
A worried and preoccupied Fletcher is heading toward his office building when a MACHO ATTORNEY passes by.
Then SCREAMS.
He falls to his knees.
Highly nervous, Fletcher follows Miranda down the hall.
Falk hurries into the building as Fletcher hacks on.
Fletcher's expression turns to terror.
In a voice quaking with fear...  Virginia takes her seat, leaving her two young children sitting dejectedly in the gallery with their nanny.
Fletcher watches with mounting anxiety, NERVOUSLY DRINKS from a GLASS OF WATER at his table.
Suddenly the bailiff helps in the severly beaten Fletcher.
To his horror, he GAGS AGAIN, .unable to form the word.
Fletcher meekly shakes his head, no.
He's frantic, now.
Kathy approaches, concerned, when Jan cuts her off.
Kathy drives frantically past bombed-out buildings.
And stop.
Kathy looks out, suddenly daunted.
Kathy rushes out, worried.
She's restrained.
Her face bloody and swollen.
TERROR.
It opens onto...  STEPS: She shines her flashlight up the dark passage...
Kathy looks out, suddenly aware of the dangerous situation.
Out of breath...  Halyna falls into a chair, her chest heaving relief.
The place is dark but lit by lamps along the walls.
Her hands shake.
Nadia lifts up her sweatshirt, revealing a long scar.
He takes the knife.
A snake crosses the road in front of her, and she takes her whip and whirls it around her head.
The snake that is crawling across the dusty road that leads to the ranch is carrying a card under its forked tongue.
He eats the cheese, and worries about the thumbs.
I worry so.
The cowgirls frolic until, as suddenly as it has come, the rain goes away.
Julian has an asthma attack, doubling over in front of her.
A Lincoln Continental drives up suddenly.
The Countess's grin goes down his throat like bathwater down a drain.
SISSY flees the house as she hunkers down out the back door.
Climbing out, wet, scared, she runs to the base of Siwash Ridge and southward along the mountain's foot.
Warily he stops and turns, poised to flee again.
Her heart sinks when she sees his gun and his knife.
An anesthesiologist sticks a needle into a curved and creamy ass.
An anesthesiologist sticks needles into a long, graceful neck.
Bright red blood is running out of her scar.
NURSES and AIDES scatter in her wake, suddenly busying themselves with little bits of chore work to avoid her caustic gaze.
Nervous introductions all around.
Arthur rubs his chest in mock heart-attack.
The doorknob jiggles and Audrey folds the book against her chest, pretending to be asleep.
Laura hears a noise at the door and gets up to investigate.
CUT TO reception room of mansion as the girl is running madly through the room...  a moment later we see Harpo on his bike following... there is panic among the guests.
Harpo comes riding out of it and is now in pursuit of the cop...  CUT down stairs to Groucho...
During this, Chico and Groucho stand by, terribly worried.
Suddenly the chatter ceases as the following announcement is heard coming over scene.
Without further ado, Groucho strikes Trentino across the face with his gauntlets.
Groucho and Chico's eyes shift from the telephone number to the tattooed picture on his chest.
TRICK SHOT on HARPO'S CHEST.
Harpo appears in doorway, riding his motorcycle and starts down the street after her.
Zeppo rushes to door and pulls him up by the hands.
The dealer is anxious.
The streets are dark.
Rain falls on LeTour's car near an East Side luxury high- rise.
They stop.
Street lights cast horizontal shadows.
He shakes his torso; cologne glistens.
He only means to threaten LETOUR.
Fear hits: Opens door.
LETOUR bleeds from the stomach and shoulder.
He is dead.
Blood spreads.
POLICE VOICES approach.
Torture.
Tresckow shrugs, opening a bottle of Cointreau and pouring two glasses with a shaking hand.
Clunk.
He directs men this way and that, holding back panic.
BANG.
No movement but for the rise and fall of the patient's chest.
He has to settle for simply laying them on a each soldier's chest or a pillow.
Beat.
The figure steps into the half light to reveal his fresh scars and eye-patch.
And from the dark quiet of the foyer we CUT TO: Chaos.
Afraid.
Then she puts her head on his shoulder, hiding her fears.
It takes a moment to notice the wailing sound we're suddenly hearing is not on the phonograph.
A siren.
The family rushes down the stairs, huddling in a corner - adults holding shivering children.
He stares at Stauffenberg, studying him, making us nervous.
A nightmare?
From out of the darkness comes a candle held by a nervous, almost mousy young woman, FRAULEIN VON OVEN.
Von Oven shakes each man's hand and walks away, swallowed up by the darkness.
"Are you insane?
Somewhere in their eyes is the fear that someone will.
Fromm escorts a visibly shaken Stauffenberg to his waiting vehicle.
Assassins.
"What the hell are you doing?"
When Keitel and Freyend are gone: Herber looks up from his desk with a nervous smile.
For the first time we see his scars and deformities in full.
Beck looks over the faces of these men, trying to contain his own fear.
The men breathe a collective sigh of relief.
The same soldiers are now storming government buildings and seizing personnel.
Witzleben and Beck march in with ARMED SOLDIERS.
The door swings suddenly open - stopped short by Stauffenberg's backside.
Stauffenberg hides the bombs with his body.
Billy is paralyzed.
Aziz is fast asleep.
The WARRIORS are in a panic.
His the case through.
frightened to death, hugging Billy's bag of drawings.
There's a crisis in the air.
stutters.
He presses it.
to panic.
His eyes fall on an old blanket.
He begins to lose control, which makes him nervous.
She is both delighted and panicked.
The couple panics a moment, the realize the patrol isn't for them.
They are very nervous.
fall asleep.
A small trapdoor is opened under the shuttle and a huge slightly phosphorescent tube falls out.
Suddenly their faces burn off revealing AKANIT, the young leader of the Mangalores, and his troops.
nervous.
A dozen Mangalores attack the police office.
Korben ignores the panic all around and wraps her in his dinner jacket, trying to stop the blue blood spurting from her wounds.
with the bomb stuck on the wall.
Zorg starts to panic.
Zorg is terror stricken.
so depressed.
with a phone call.
He appears to be lucid, but extremely fatigued.
But there is a door at the end of it, slightly open.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
On Kelvin, asleep.
On Kelvin, still asleep.
Kelvin is asleep, Rheya in his arms.
A wave of terror is barely suppressed as he puts his hand to his forehead.
A beat.
She is trying to accommodate him but her fear of being left alone is palpable, even excessive.
Kelvin rises and goes to wash his face.
A beat.
Kelvin is asleep.
Kelvin and Rheya are asleep.
A beat.
A beat.
Rheya sits on the edge of the bed, nervous.
A beat.
As she does: A beat.
A beat.
He is dreading this.
Rheya is asleep in the background.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Rheya is awake, Kelvin asleep.
She rises and goes to sit in a chair; she is anxious, something we haven't seen before.
A beat.
She falls asleep.
A beat.
A beat.
Rheya is asleep.
When it does: A beat.
Kelvin is asleep.
Kelvin goes and puts his head to her chest, but doesn't hear what he hoped to hear.
She should be dead.
A beat.
Kelvin, asleep.
A beat.
Kelvin is asleep.
A beat.
Rheya is asleep in the background.
Kelvin is asleep.
Kelvin asleep, alone.
wakes up.
Rheya is beside him, asleep.
Breathes a sigh of relief at being home.
Wakes up again.
Rheya is asleep beside him.
Struggling.
Beyond fear.
He looks to his left and freaks.
C.U. OF HOLDEN PENCILING - over his shoulder, we see Holden sketching Chronic in mid-attack of his arch- nemesis - the Giggler.
Alyssa shakes her head no.
Holden looks up and is suddenly taken aback.
Holden looks at a small scar on his arm and thinks better about mentioning it.
Suddenly, he softens a bit.
In the PARKING LOT of FOOD CITY, addressing the camera.
Holden sits on the couch, alone in the dark.
The deep, dark, sonorous Welsh baritone voice... scarred by alcohol and cigarettes...
Their hands hold a fraction too long as they shake...  NIKI's car roars past the finishing line first.
The McLaren MECHANICS, supervised by Alastair Caldwell, are making adjustments to the car to make it `legal'.. JAMES watches - already fearing the worst - as the car is stripped down, effectively being rebuilt...  "BANG", JAMES's car shudders violently, the wheels shake as the drive shaft snaps... "BOOM", a loud explosion.
Failure.
MARLENE is fast asleep.
Fear.
More frightened than ever.
Agonizing.
The car is catapaulted forward, the wheel-spin leaving livid black scars on the asphalt.. JAMES and NIKI both make good starts, and are neck and neck, but within seconds there's a McLaren right behind them, gaining fast.
An accident..
He's still there.
And gasps.
The skin has burned off on his head, his eyes.
His bandages are blood stained.
Looks grotesque.. NIKI sees the horror in JAMES's face.
The horror.
He's utterly terrified.
NIKI's mind is a mess - terrified - he starts slowly... finding his courage.. COMMENTATORS point out it's madness.
Utterly intimidated by NIKI's bravery, JAMES panics, and loses control of the car.
Flinches.
He's in a room that looks like a bomb has hit it.
Nothing but mist, dark skies and rain.
A series of shots of the other DRIVERS... being sent out like lambs to the slaughter... Visibly terrified, mouthing prayers, smoking last cigarettes, meditating, crossing themselves, hands shaking..
They shake hands.
It's chaos.
But he is engulfed.
Laying open his coat, blood is seen gurgling from under his gorget.
Roderick rides up amongst them, and seeing the lady in the carriage, very pale and frightened, gives a slash of his whip, and bids the red-shanked ruffians keep off.
Troops marching to the attack.
Roderick threatens him with a knife at his throat.
Suddenly -- "boom," the alarm cannon begins to roar.
The chill wind and the silence are suddenly broken by an attack, which is half-hearted and uncertain, by the lady's lover, and his hesitant band of six cut-throats.
He stops.
Roderick and the Countess are approached by young Lord Brookside, aged 12. Brookside walks slowly towards them, and shakes his fist in Roderick's face.
Roderick throws a knife at young Brookside.
The Countess:  Praying.
Tapewell bounds back behind the constables, seeing a threatening look in Roderick's eye.
Her confidence has grown brittle by the gnawing fear that life peaked as the captain of the high school cheerleading squad.
He stops.
They fail.
He snores in that scary sleep apnea way  holding his breath between snores.
Rose and Norah get out of the car and approach a particularly run down trailer.
Norah storms past Rose and out the door.
Norah shakes off Rose and walks down the row of trailers.
Her anger twists into fear.
Norah makes little noises.
The house is dark except for a TV in the living room and a light in Norah's bedroom window.
They shake hands.
Norah looks nervous.
Paralyzed.
Kym is impatient and stiff in the dreaded double mush.
Beat.
Kym leads Kieran through the labyrinthine rooms of the basement giving Kieran a guided tour of the subterranean world of which she was the ruler and where Ethan was her loyal companion -- the secret hide-and-seek rooms, the mattress room, the scary little side rooms, etc...
They both crack up.
Kym looks nervous.
She is having trouble breathing.
The other paramedic blots at Kym's swollen lip with a gauze and hands her an ice pack.
Beat.
She loses.
Beat.
Carol breathes a sigh of relief.
A couple of smaller candles surround the slightly larger one.
Suddenly Kieran sweeps into the room.
Beat.
She pats Rachel's tummy.
Kym, in the half dark, watches her mother.
Her eyes widen at the scary image on the cover.
Part of Alan's face is paralyzed.
Claude shakes out of his reverie.
She suddenly turns to Claude.
She crouches.
She stops herself.
Suddenly a face appears in the glass.
Suddenly he swats crazily at his ear.
She looks up suddenly and stops: A man watches her from the lawn.
She's suddenly distraught.
Malcolm stops suddenly.
Claude reacts with horror.
Cold fear creeps up his neck.
There's a rustling noise in the wind.
The Volvo shakes.
Pauline suddenly snaps out of her daze: Margot rolls down the window.
The car slows until it comes to a sudden stop at the base of a tree.
She's suddenly in pain.
She hangs up.
Rhiannon suddenly stops and twirls Olive to face her.
The scared student takes her pamphlet and runs away.
This alarms her.
In almost complete darkness, a very nervous EIGHTH GRADE OLIVE (13.) sits with a scared shitless EIGHTH GRADE KID (13.).
The bullied kid is thin as a rail, pale as a ghost and slightly effeminate.
So, you started the rumor?
A TERRIFIED FAT KID named EVAN nervously approaches her.
She reluctantly does so.
He points to the RED "A" on her chest.
She tears up.
She suddenly bursts into sobs.
After each one, she observes the point with a scary satisfaction.
It shatters.
She winks at the receptionist and enters -- ASSOCIATE PASTOR DON (40's.) is a gangly, unattractive - borderline creepy - man.
His worried MOTHER (40's.) is beside him, clutching her chest with one hand and trying to soothe him with the other.
Mrs. Griffin looks worried.
It shatters.
He drives off, leaving her outside in the parking lot.
I promise that it was no worse than Marianne Bryant's attack on me.
That's disgusting!
He's disgusting!
-- Micah watches in his dark bedroom.
A BEAT.
Stunned.
Suddenly FREEZES.
The gun.
Shakes off Bergin's arm.
SUDDENLY the Robot SLAMS its metal hands down on the table.
The Robot...grabs Spooner by the jacket... lifting him up...shoving him... against the wall...about to CRUSH him when...  Spooner...kicks out its knees... the Robot...SMASHING into the wall... then bounces back...trying... to pin Spooner...back...  Man and machine...struggling... Spooner...losing his footing... falling...The Maintenance Robot... LOOMING over him... Spooner's HAND... whips back...grabbing his back-up WEAPON... squeezing off some SHOTS...into the Robot's arm... it breaks off... Spooner... scrambling back...continues FIRING... the Robot...jerking back... a macabre dance...until Spooner... runs out of bullets...
Suddenly rejuvenated by having an ally.
Suddenly reaches out.
To stop him.
Why did he stop him?
Approaching the door.
He lets out a TERRIFYING MECHANICAL SCREAM.
Towering over him.
Trains his gun on it when SUDDENLY...
LOOMS over him.
Suddenly rolls out of the way.
Gets to his feet...  WHEN SUDDENLY the Killer Robot.
One half springing towards Spooner and wrapping a METALLIC HAND around his throat...  Spooner stumbles back...GASPING for air... the ARM... tightening its grip... Spooner's eyes...darting around... looking for something...to help him...  Stumbling over...a fallen panel... his face...growing redder... veins...popping up along his temples...  everything...growing BLURRY...  Victor's VOICE.
She collapses.
A dozen GUNSHOTS O.S.    Captain Philips hits the floor, terrified.
Urgent.
For the first time, we see a hint of fear in his eyes.
Watson's getting nervous, reaches for the wine.
The Captain falls to one knee, keeps coughing.
Other guards run up, terrified.
A pale, nervous GUARD leads Holmes down the shadowy corridor.
CRACK!
Just for a brief moment, she can't hide the anxiety in her eyes.
She passes a DARK ALLEYWAY.
Too dark to see much in there.
The cold eyes of the man that holds the weapon bore into the skull of the Beggar, who backs off in fear.
Watson approaches, very concerned, almost enraged.
Breathless, pale, scared.
He is sweating, shaken.
The old GROUNDSKEEPER, pale and terrified, stands out of the rain under an ancient cypress tree.
As soon as their backs are turned, Lestrade marches over to a nervous knot of cops, grabs a fistful of blue in each hand, drags his boys in close.
There's a clunk.
They place it on the ground, step back, crossing themselves, murmuring, plainly terrified.
Holmes starts to look a bit nervous.
He slows, looks up at a dark, dingy LODGING HOUSE.
Holmes takes out his knife and goes to work on the lock.
CRACK!
Holmes turns and comes face-to-face with a dangerous- looking man who has a few conspicuous WARTS on his face.
BANG!
Sir Thomas opens his eyes in panic, as he hears an eerie WHISPER O.S., like the rushing of wind.
Sir Thomas is overcome with panic, tries to sit up.
The hooks in the ceiling are shivering softly, strangely.
He comes up behind her, running his arms across her stomach.
A beat.
Shock, followed quickly by panic.
He runs into a security monitoring room.
Suddenly, BEN (40s.), an accountant we saw earlier, appears.
Chris is freaking out.
As he approaches Cindy, he sees a worried look on her face.
That's a dangerous word, Brooke.
But then there's something I hadn't accounted for-- variation margin-- and that friendly Russian government all of a sudden not so friendly anymore and they're blocking the export of the copper so I gotta make it up, I gotta put the cash in to cover the hedge.
Jimmy approaches the building.
They drive a while in silence.
Earl watches, concerned.
They shake hands, then sit.
The jackal flees, terrified, while the goats scamper in different directions.
Amelia looks worried.
He hangs up.
Zora walks out and approaches them.
Yussef and Ahmed are sitting on their mats, looking at each other, pale, scared and quiet.
They look nervous.
Ahmed and Yussef shoot each other a nervous glance.
Yussef, nervous, looks up.
Several of the tourists are hiding under their seats, frightened.
The pensioners don't answer; they are too scared.
A pool of blood starts trickling down the aisle.
Susan's terrified eyes watch Anwar and Richard leave the room.
He hangs up.
His face comes very close to hers as he looks at her, making her nervous.
The dentist looks up at her.
The dentist turns back to Chieko and speaks face to face with her so she can read his lips.
The dentist moves closer to Chieko's mouth again; she cannot stop looking at him.
Suddenly, Chieko licks his cheek.
The dentist turns toward Chieko.
She is excited, anxious, scared, fragile.
Suddenly a jackal trots out and stares at them.
Hassan paralyzed by fear, answers in a broken voice.
Hassan drops the knife in the dust.
Abdullah pulls out a knife and slits the goat's throat.
FLASHBACK - Juno approaches a boy hidden by shadow.
Shake.
Shake.
Then she looks over and notices the FINGERNAILS of a nearby teen, who looks as nervous as she does.
Suddenly, she sees fingernails EVERYWHERE.
Juno rubs her arms, shivering.
Juno is staring into a room with the door slightly ajar.
A door suddenly slams upstairs.
Mark is seated at the computer, surfing a horror movie website.
Vanessa instantly goes pale with fear, but she tries her hardest to seem serene and "together" in front of Juno.
Juno suddenly sits up, looking thoroughly freaked.
We see Leah holding Juno's FOOT, which is shaking.
At first their playing is discordant, but suddenly it works.
Rick walks East on Buchtel as Police cruiser creeps behind.
His hands shake with nervous anticipation.
Danger personified.
Nicky shakes his head no.
Rick flees on foot.
As he sits on his butt a look of fear crosses his face, a tear forms in his eye.
A beat.
A beat.
He lays there motionless.
There's fire.
A knock at the door and the room morphs back into the cell.
A concerned POLICE GUARD coming up the stairs meeting JUNE [early 60's] MARGARET's carer, along a distant corridor, steady on the approach.
Suddenly MARGARET scrabbles out from under the table, all look on with horror- MARGARET scooping up the butter cover slamming it quickly over the thin slice of butter left in the butter dish before sliding it into the cold cupboard underneath the counter.
MARGARET momentarily paralyzed before, running back towards the back parlour to resume her place under the table.
DENIS approaches the camera laughing and appears to take hold of it.
Without breaking step, suddenly, he's in the room, running past Margaret, still cheering and whooping.
DENIS approaches the camera laughing and appears to take hold of it.
CAROL'S nervous prattle begins to break through.
CAROL storms out of the kitchen.
AIREY NEAVE is suddenly next to her.
As Margaret looks in horror at the scene.
Looking through the bannisters, her eyes fall on- A golf ball running along the floor.
Razor.
MARGARET sits up - MARGARET suddenly relents, a flicker of sudden and urgent need, caught in her eyes- Silence- MARK gone.
MARGARET is under attack.
A beat.
MARGARET shakes hands with Indira Ghandi.
MARGARET shakes hands with Gorbachev.
She plays with his chest hair.
Suddenly, a hatch opens in Bob's rear end and Dr. Evil's silver egg capsule poops out.
They fight.
The shadow looks like Dr. Evil, only much larger and scarier.
He is frightened.
Suddenly Austin DROOPS.
She pulls his shirt off, revealing his prodigious chest hair.
Suddenly the camera stops.
Austin is being loaded into one of those big scary MRI machines: the MOJONATOR 9000.
Suddenly, he sees the Citroen coming at him.
The room is dark, with only a single spotlight providing illumination.
Suddenly, Austin and Felicity rise on an elevator into the middle of the spotlight.
He avoids her.
Suddenly, Scott Evil enters through TIME PORTAL.
Austin takes it and shakes.
Austin. is shaking her hand so vigorously that she is in danger of popping out of her dress.
Beat.
She takes the knife squarely in the back.
She is horrified.
Suddenly Austin notices something outside and puts his hand to his mouth in fear.
From the outside it appears the shadow Austin is leaning over with his back to-the shadow Felicity, who appears to have her hands up his butt.
It is strangely dark and quiet.
MUSIC: It's Raining Men by THE WEATHERGIRLS Suddenly, the lights dim.
Guards approach.
Austin is terrified.
We see the SHADOW take the hit, and fall.
The last soldier is terrified.
A sign at the car wash reads: "1911" Passengers in period garb walk past a lifesaver with "Titanic" stenciled above it.
She struggles.
Suddenly terrified.
A legion riding into battle.
Visibly nervous.
HENRY takes a glass.. GEORGE, visibly nervous, bows deeply from the neck.
Shakes herself out of it.
HENRY and several close COURTIERS are engaged in debate.. Her heart pounding in her chest.
ANNE is fast asleep.
The STAG twitches in fear, then bolts off towards the forest.
The terrified DEER bolts into safety of the forest.
The sound of shouting voices, cries of horror, raising the alarm.
Horrified.
ANNE'S FACE, outside the door: it's as if a knife had been plunged into her gut.
Blushing deeply, her skin glowing with perspiration and terror, she begins to sing.. Normally she sings well.
But her voice now is strangled with fear.
She gasps.
MARY covers herself in modesty, and falls to her knees in a deep curtsey of deference.
In the country church: The PRIEST's eyes become accustomed to the dark.
GEORGE's eyes widen.. ANNE recoils, terrified.. SIR THOMAS gives the signal for WILLIAM STAFFORD to escort PERCY out.
Vigilant.
She gasps.
She walks across the room, visibly shaken, and joins the KING.
The King asleep in her arms.
Her eyes widen in horror.
Overcome with relief..
As each TAPESTRY is hung, the room becomes darker...  ..and darker.
Her eyes widen in horror.. Sitting beside her in the darkness, is her brother GEORGE.. GEORGE turns, looks all around him.. GEORGE notices MARY's vexed expression.. GEORGE moves MARY's lips into an upward shape.. MARY's lips: a reluctant, unconvincing smile..
She looks anxious.
MARY is asleep.
Suddenly she wakes up, and holds her stomach, `Ouch!'.
Beat.
ABBOTT has suffered a massive stroke, and seems to be completely paralyzed.
Beat.
MITCHELL approaches the house of HARTLEY and WANDA OTTO.
The room is dark.
JESSICA is already asleep.
The sound of the ice breaking is terrifying.
Suddenly, a snowball enters the frame and hits LYDIA on the back of the head.
SAM is anxious.
Worried about this new information.
MITCHELL is nervous.
MITCHELL is worried.
The laughter and noise is haunting.
The door to the apartment is suddenly broken open.
On her chest is a crucifix.
He hangs up.
In the background, we hear the GUSHING of the tap that in his panic he has forgotten to turn it off.
After a while, we hear the noise of flushing.
Suddenly, coming from the neighboring room, a LOUD CRASH and the SOUND of crockery breaking.
, in the distance, Anne's worried voice: Georges opens the small door.
Georges is sitting up in his bed, having just awoken, wide-eyed with terror.
When he looks over to her, she has fallen asleep.
She shakes him off, irritated, and sits down.
The MUSIC suddenly stops.
Suddenly she says: Long PAUSE.
The door opening frightens the pigeon.
He's frightened by his own gesture.
Suddenly, the DOORBELL RINGS.
Georges, panicked, thinks for a few seconds.
Suddenly she starts sobbing.
We watch him doing so for a while.
Suddenly, Georges starts.
Then he gets up slowly and, via the door located beside the kitchen table, he goes into the adjoining room.
PILLETTI is on the phone, a round, dark woman.
Thomas and Virginia suddenly frown and look down at their hands as if of one mind.
She starts across the anteroom toward the cloak room, when Dr. Keegan calls out suddenly to her.
Recognition floods her face.
Suddenly aware of the Doctor, Marty turns his head.
The hardened muscles in her face suddenly slacken.
Suddenly he looks at Clara, rather startled.
He lets out a sudden guffaw and instantly smothers it under shaking shoulders.
In a moment they are hiding their faces in their hands, their shoulders shivering with laughter.
Suddenly he calls out.
Marty suddenly stops and bends down; his shoe lace has become untied.
He joins Clara and we...  Marty and Clara come into the dark house.
The kitchen is suddenly brightly lit.
The two of them stand squinting to adjust to the sudden glare.
Clara is patient but nervous.
Standing behind her, he puts his hands on her shoulders, then suddenly seizes her, and begins kissing her on the neck.
He turns and goes into the living room to hide the flush of hot tears threatening to fill his eyes.
The room is dark except for the slanted light coming from the dining room.
He strikes out suddenly with a spirited stride, as if he knew where he was going.
Suddenly Marty breaks into a dog-trot, then drops back into the stiff stride as he approaches...
Mrs. Pilletti exchanges a brief frightened glance with her sister.
Marty looks down at his watch, then stands and starts for the phone, sitting on a chest of drawers at the other end of the room.
Suddenly he pauses, sharply aware of the repetition in his life.
He appears to be nervous.
The stage is dark.
Mrs. Perry watches through the window as her husband and son arrive and then takes a nervous puff on her cigarette before sitting down.
Todd, still half asleep, tries to shrug him off.
Keating laughs slightly as he watches McAllister from the window.
The surface undulating gently as we GLIDE through a lake's dark, tenebrous waters on a moonlit night.
It slows.
Stops.
Makes no motion to go to her -- Ivy steps into the dark house.
Barb looks down the road      * and across the field to where the farm house peeks out           * through the trees, beckoning, threatening, ominous.
Barbara, bleary-eyed, moves quickly down the dark hall in her robe.
The cruiser slows, pulls through a pipe gate and over a cattle-crossing, heads for a small collection of emergency vehicles parked around a brush-strewn cove.
It's suddenly right behind them, filling his mirrors.
An anxious Jean calls after him.
Crawls into the car.
Beat.
Bill's still asleep.
BURKE, a genial, charming and remotely creepy small town doctor.
It's late, the house still.
Ivy looks from Violet to Barbara...  suddenly lurches away from the table, knocking over her chair.
She reels to the stairs, crawling up -- Barbara is nearly catatonic as she drives, the house receding in the rear window behind her.
He's laughing with her when, suddenly, reality bites.
Once out of the decor, he bumps right into a worried-looking Zimmer who is followed by his loyal assistants.
The room goes dark.
Cut.
We hear the noise it makes.
George is worried.
He realizes this...  Panic sets in, he turns to the mirror and tries talking again, but still no sound comes out.
Not understanding what's happening, the feeling of panic fully blossoms and he flees his dressing room!
He's in bed and is having trouble shaking off his nightmare.
He hangs up.
The Africans are panicking but there's nothing anyone can do.
The young woman is in a state of shock, rigid with a look of horror on her face.
He's changed.
They attack.
We can tell that the chauffeur is worried about George.
Jack is panicking and barks incessantly.
Suddenly an assistant brings her a telephone.
BRAD and RALPH shake hands.
Torrential rain on the windscreen.
BRAD and JANET stand shivering in their underwear.
RIFF RAFF has approached behind FRANK, looming over his shoulder.
ROCKY HORROR sits up, raises his arms, finally stands upright with both arms outstretched.
ROCKY HORROR with only his head unbandaged, is hanging on to the chandelier which RIFF RAFF is winding upwards.
ROCKY looks terrified.
ROCKY cowers in terror.
RIFF RAFF walks across to the door and stares at the sleeping body.
ROCKY jumps out of the bed, terrified.
Suddenly the shadows are illuminated by the monitor as an image of RIFF RAFF appears on the screen above the bed.
He is nervous and smoking.
Behind him FRANK is asleep on the bed.
ROCKY HORROR looks miserable.
ROCKY is terrified.
FRANK threatens him with the knife.
The characters on stage freeze - terrified.
The GUESTS flee down the ballroom and out the door.
A DENTIST peers outside of his office to see what's going on.
He gasps.
He stops.
An uncomfortable silence falls between them, She approaches him and they shake.
He approaches her, awkwardly then shakes her hand.
Ronald and Cecile exchange looks of worry.
Cecile breathes a sigh of relief.
They drive on in silence.
He storms out of the room.
The puppet attacks a laughing Annette.
He passes Kathryn's door and hear noises.
She attacks him but he grabs her hands and fends her off.
The room is dark.
Ronald sits up, nervous.
They shake.
Kathryn looks at her in horror.
He has fallen asleep where he collapsed, at the edge of the forest among the wind-gnarled fir trees.
The KNIGHT has risen and waded into the shallow water, where he rinses his sunburned face and blistered lips.
A scar stretches diagonally across his scalp, as white as lightning against the grime.
JONS dismounts and approaches the sleeping man.
JONS sees a small human form writhing in the grass, its eyes turned upwards in a frenzied look of horror and pain.
The soldiers are working quickly and skillfully, but they seem frightened and dejected.
At the sound of approaching steps, JONS quickly hides behind the door.
The small birds take to their wings with frightened shrieks.
His painted face bears an expression of horror.
The monks fall on their knees, hiding their faces with clenched hands, arms pressed tightly together.
The inn is very small and full of people eating and drinking to forget their newly aroused fears of eternity.
He is slightly drunk and his voice is shrill and evil.
Suddenly a knife flashes through the air and sinks into the table top between his fingers.
JOF gets up with cold sweat on his cheeks and forehead, frightened half to death.
Have they been cruel to you?
MIA's anxiety has been replaced by a mild anger.
Their son, MIKAEL, is already asleep.
PLOG steps up to JOF, who blanches with fear.
JOF gingerly proffers a frightened hand and gets it thoroughly shaken and squeezed.
It is dark in the forest.
The forest suddenly becomes alive with the night's unreality.
Their eyes are dark with anxiety and foreboding.
Suddenly, out of the silence and the dim light falling across the forest road, a ghostlike cart emerges.
One of the soldiers approaches.
The KNIGHT doesn't heed this warning.
His voice sticks in his throat and he suddenly walks away.
A bird suddenly shrieks.
JONS and PLOG are slightly drunk and support each other.
Suddenly PLOG points a large finger towards the edge of the forest.
The duel begins to look senseless, because both of them are equally frightened.
SKAT becomes frightened and angry.
SKAT becomes more frightened.
SKAT cries out in terror.
RAVAL'S face appears suddenly at the base of the tree.
He disappears in the darkness behind the fallen tree.
RAVAL'S sobs are dry and convulsive, like a frightened child's.
JOF has dozed off for a few moments, but suddenly he wakens.
MIA remains standing, as if paralyzed by fear.
Dawn comes, a flickering light without life, making the forest seem threatening and evil.
Suddenly the KNIGHT stands face to face with his wife.
There is suddenly an immense, frightening silence in the large, murky room where the burning torches throw uneasy shadows over the ceiling and the walls.
MIKAEL crawls between JOF'S knees.
The silence is interrupted.
Daggers.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Daggers.
Mike shakes his head "no".
He misses.
Shake.
Beat.
Beat.
The early sixties style sweater jackets and blazers over button down shirts and tapered slacks don't quite have the same fear factor, but the boys do look classy.
Everyone is SCARED.
Mike shakes his head, "no".
Beat.
Beat.
What the hell.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
This image has a horror-film feeling to it.
Suddenly, Andrew winces, gripping his gut.
Andrew starts out of the room -- suddenly HAVING TO RUN.
Bruno saunters across the room and knocks on the bathroom door.
FINDING ANDREW sitting on a gurney, holding a cotton ball against his arm, where blood has been drawn, wearing a blanket over his shoulders, fighting chills.
Andrew rubs his eyes, this is a nightmare.
He's frantic.
Bob Seidman stands alone in this dark place.
He shakes hands with Wheeler and Kenton.
with a cane .
fear DEAD SILENCE while the Judge thinks it over.
victims ?
He strikes a pose, contorts his face and hits an air guitar riff.
Joe crosses the yard to his dark house.
working frenetically, trying to intubate Andrew, who IS HAVING SERIOUS TROUBLE BREATHING, his body HEAVING.
His eyes are wide open with fear, sweat covering his face.
This is difficult for her.
Clocks, tables, chests.
Brenna suddenly tosses the carving at him.
As he looms above his chair the man in genuine fear pulls out a cross and thrusts it forward.
The weird display frightens Conor.
The home is dark and still.
A trickle of blood rolls down the throat.
The knife is pressed deeper.
After only a few paces Taupin suddenly shudders to an abrupt stop.
Romirez is looking at the faint, pale hint of a scar that runs from Conor's shoulder blade to his waist.
The boy's mouth drops open in shocked terror as his eyes roll up into his head.
Hiss.
Shakes.
Taupin pulls his hand from the glass and watches it shake slightly out of control.
A warning.
Taupin is anxious, poised for attack.
Being closed in on from both sides, Brenna suddenly runs across the room to a fire exit, setting off an ALARM as she flies open the door.
Before her is a disaster.
A VILLAGER approaches from across the pasture.
Suddenly his eyes leap open with full alertness.
The Knight crawls across the bed and drops to his knees beside Romirez.
His head sinks to his chest as he begins sobbing.
He has fallen asleep in a desk chair.
Brenna's face softens with worry.
From out of the dark cottage steps Dupont.
An attack?
Taupin misjudges and the blade slices deep into his shoulder and chest.
The Knight suddenly rolls over and plants his sword into Moran's chest.
A blood-stained hand suddenly GRABS Brenna's shoulder.
Bleeding.
More vulnerable.
They cautiously shrink away, frightened.
At the desk across from Fisher sits...  MICHAEL BRENN, short, compact, with a severe personality disorder, masquerading as semi-appropriate behavior.
Liz sits at the kitchen table, in a mild panic.
On the floor, legs twisted underneath her, lies growing in a growing puddle of dark blood.
The guys stare at each other in horror.
In lieu of an anxiety attack, Fisher...  Judge Tower joins in and the three squeak out the chorus and it's pretty pathetic.
ON adam, eye-balling the cop car.
Adam looks from the suit to the cop car...  TRACK with Adam as he walks from the pumping across the parking lot, past the cop car, his HEART POUNDING... Adam quickly searches the candy section for Starburst.
Adam turns, panics, stumbles back, into the candy display and topples to the ground.
Michael's expression turns to horror.
Chaos.
Trembling.
Watching Adam speak to Lois...  Nervous.
Lois watches in horror as her husband dies in front of her...  Finally a DOCTOR calls time of death.
Michael turns in horror.
Boyd looks at the kitchen knives.
Dark, smoky, MUSIC.
Moving in on the sleeping Lois, another couple of steps, he looms over her, reaches his hand to her throat when, suddenly, Lois' eyes snap open.
ON Fisher and Moore in stunned horror...  TIGHT ON BARRY MORRIS, mid-40's, attorney.
They stare in horror at Morris.
As he is paralyzed from the neck down, he's no help at all.
Timmy suddenly snaps.
SANTIAGO opens his yes, looks at DAWSON, and for a moment there's nothing wrong -- -- and then SANTIAGO's eyes fill with terror.
A barely perceptible exchange occurs between the eyes of DAWSON and HAMMAKER.
Helpless.
It's dark outside.
The car crawls along with her.
She stops.
KAFFEE shakes it.
In the violently scrawled style of Ralph Steadman, the title FEAR AND LOATHING IN LAS VEGAS splashes onto the screen.
A poor OKIE KID with a big grin.
The HITCHHIKER nods -- giggles -- terrified.
DUKE GRABS The HITCHHIKER STRUGGLES IN PANIC.
A nervous AGENT holds out a clipboard.
DEADLY POISON!
DUKE has turned to stone...  DUKE is staring -- RAPT -- TERRIFIED.
GONZO trembles with fear -- walks to the edge of the turntable.
GONZO, eyes staring blindly ahead, squiting in fear and confusion, rooted to the spot, is carried away.
The door SUDDENLY SWINGS OPEN.
GONZO with the BIG HUNTING KNIFE -- sliced grapefruit segments everywhere.
Suddenly a great ripping and crashing noise in the bathroom.
He freezes in horror.
An anxiety ridden DUKE watches the floor numbers as the elevator descends.
It fires.
He's nervous -- close to the edge.
Agog with the horrors of the story, the BARTENDER polishes the glass -- faster and faster...
GONZO feels the nausea rise suddenly -- heads for the bathroom.
A worried CLERK speaks in to the phone.
He hangs up.
GONZO is looking worried.
Darkness.
SMASH!
SMASH!
WHEELS CHURNING, HE MAKES IT UP THE OPPOSITE BANK, nose of the car straight up, then BOUNCES ONTO THE FREEWAY and keeps going right OVER A FENCE, dragging it through a cactus field and onto the GONZO is FROZEN WITH FEAR -- GRIPPING THE DASHBOARD.
He adjusts the angle of the TV, stuffs a creepy family portrait into a drawer.
From outside.
I'm retarded."
Rob is on his knees, opening boxes with a razor knife.
He hears the bell on the front door RING, and he stops and listens, looks a bit worried.
Dick appears in the doorway, terrified.
Rob looks up at Dick, who is so nervous that his brow is wet.
Darkness.
After a beat, we hear a DOOR SLAM off camera, and Rob looks up with a bit of fear.
She hears him and turns on him, punctuating with a finger in his chest.
After a moment, a Customer approaches. of the room.
We hear the rain, and his ragged breath.
When they see Rob they stop, get ready to flee.
He's busted.
Rob sits at a table in the bar, nervous.
Rob steps down and bee-lines to Laura.
TODD, a friendly but slightly below-average-looking guy, approaches from behind.
WEIRD AL approaches with menus.
Seymour gets out and disappears up the steps of his building.
Enid jams the mail back in the slot in a panic.
We see that the tune has struck a nerve.
She hands the record back to Seymour, who's shaken and embarrassed.
He hangs up.
Josh is asleep.
Suddenly, Dana enters.
Enid walks the streets - it's dark out now.
Suddenly she breaks down sobbing.
She goes to the phone and calls Enid.
Suddenly Doug appears and gets Seymour in a choke hold with his nunchucks.
Josh is freaked out.
Day As the boat approaches the shore.
The children scream out in fear and agony.
The band suddenly plays a fanfare, and the chairman steps up to the microphone.
A man is attacked as he tries to distribute leaflets.
They shake hands.
He looks haggard and worried.
Willie and Adam shake hands.
Suddenly Willie turns his face away.
Suddenly Willie appears at the top of the steps, followed by Sugar Boy.
PAN ACROSS the frightened faces of NINE WITNESSES, eyes fixed straight ahead.
A POLICE OFFICER walks slowly past each - FOOTSTEPS ECHOING in their fear.
He passes a nervous SAFEWAY CASHIER in uniform.
The source of their fear - FIVE UNIFORMED CHEERLEADERS against the suspect wall.
Next STALL DOOR SHAKES, but DOESN'T OPEN.
GYM LIGHTS GO DARK.
The school SUDDENLY ERUPTS with CHEERS!
Suddenly a disheveled Jack slides down.
Mascot runs past them, pantomiming "nervous" to the crowd by biting his nails and knocking his knees.
Suddenly, everyone starts talking at once.
A worried Diane, now showing slightly under all black warm-ups, is writing on her notepad as she walks down an aisle.
Suddenly, in the B.G. CROSS AISLE, an ecstatic Jack, in "Video Barn" uniform, WHIZZES PAST, riding his cart.
She bends down.
They're asleep by the time they hit the bed - still in cheerleading and football uniforms.
Her look turns to fear as her father takes the remote and hits PLAY.
All but Diane appear nervous.
Squad panics.
Suddenly someone dressed as a PREGNANT NIXON turns the CORNER - all SCREAM!
Suddenly, he starts to move and slowly sits up.
BEAT.
Suddenly, he starts to move and slowly sits up.
BEAT.
SUDDENLY, a small frightened Asian man walks out, hands in the air.
Suddenly, the lunchroom is FLOODED with S.W.A.T. MEMBERS.
Mr. Howard suddenly grabs his chest.
Suddenly, Becky Leeman enters with a large box of chocolates.
JOHN DOUGH - pharmacist, 30-ish, thin, nervous - chain smokes outside the drugstore.
Camera approaches the trailer.
SUDDENLY Annette's' trailer EXPLODES behind them!
Fear sweeps over the Candy Striper - she bolts down the hall!
CRASH!
(Hands of stigmata.)
Suddenly, Amber glides into CENTER SPOT.
They look nervous as hell.
Suddenly, she Eventually, Gladys tries to climb up on the float.
Suddenly, a 747, not more than thirty feet above the hotel, flies over - the sound is deafening.
SUDDENLY Miss Minneapolis FREEZES.
The female reporter suddenly stiffens and falls over.
Woman's foot stepping across swollen gutter.
TWO WOMEN react in horror as something unseen occurs which causes the crowd to panic.
As she approaches, she suddenly stops.
TONY grabs MARIE-NOEL'S arm as the fearful sound passes close to them without incident.
They are horrified.
TONY breathes a sigh.
We see she is suddenly disturbed by her own feelings.
TONY walks past the building still flipping a coin.
EUGENE panics and runs off.
DAVE, an opposing Attorney, and TOSHI, his assistant, meet across the table with TONY and his attorney Nervous looks among lawyers.
A weird man with an odd head dress sits next to TONY.
TONY runs in Panic.
He looks back in terror.
TONY looks for a knife on the work table and looks at the first knife, it is too small.
When he has the stomach open he puts down the knife and scoops up the entrails of the dead body with two hands and holds them up in front of the camera.
TONY walks down a street shaking an aerosol can.
TONY looks at EUGENE and slides away from his dangerous gaze.
It startles him.
Earthquake shakes the buildings as sun rises.
TONY walk along the sidewalk in the middle of the night.
SOUND: Car alarms, house alarms CAMERA drifts to TONY'S face.
EUGENE grabs the LIGHTER from TONY and walks off into the dark.
ALLEN huddles next to TONY in the elevator door and the shaking increases.
The woman flees.
WE HEAR Panic, chaos.
Tony steps forward to kiss and SUDDENLY....  TONY falls straight down out of frame.
TONY wanders in Abandoned building.
TONY walks from his boat on the pier toward the ranch house.
Driving home from the studio, James hits a deep puddle at 60 miles an hour and suddenly finds himself heading into the oncoming lane.
He manages to avoid the first two cars, but the third he strikes head-on.
The propelled man's blood spatters James's face and chest, his body coming to rest half inside James's car, its head dangling down into the dark recess of the passenger footwell.
The more adventurous members of the crowd paw hesitantly at the seized doors of the two cars, afraid really to yank them open in case the violence of that act might trigger some further unnamed catastrophe.
James looks down at the scar tissue on her face, a seam left by an invisible zip three inches long, running from the corner of her right eye to the apex of her mouth.
Catherine comes on to the balcony, kneels down beside him, begins to toy lovingly with the scars on his knees.
As James and Renata drive past the kneeling man, the sunlight highlights the ridges of scars on his forehead and around his mouth.
He, in turn, has trouble taking his eyes off her facial scars, which she now makes no attempt to hide.
She searches the instrument panel for the lighter, her right hand hovering above his knees like a nervous bird.
The crowd panics and streams down from the grandstand on to the road.
Vaughan drives the Lincoln through a scarred, bleak landscape.
James, awkwardly left standing, notices long scars on Vera's thighs and legs.
She notices James staring at her scars, but makes no effort to close her legs.
At that moment, there is a knock at the door, and then Gabrielle enters and takes a few stiff steps into the room on her shackled legs.
Vaughan is sitting in his car in the center of the parking-lot.
As he takes off his denim jacket, the falling light picks out the scars on his naked abdomen and chest, a constellation of white chips that circle his body from the left armpit down to his crotch.
Beside the taxi, its three passengers lie in a group, blankets swathing their chests and legs.
Her eyes are fixed on Vaughan's chest, on the scars around his injured nipples, shining like points of light.
The street-lamps illuminate Vaughan's sleeping face in the rear of the car, scarred mouth lying open like a child's against the sweat-soaked seat.
In the mirror, James can see the weals on her cheek and neck, the bruised mouth that deforms her nervous smile.
Vaughan is still asleep in the back.
She soon draws the attention of a young salesman, who tries hard not to notice her scars and braces.
As he slips his hand around her right breast, he collides with the strange geometry of the car's interior.
Gabrielle's hand moves across his chest, opening his shirt, her fingers finding the small scars below his collarbone, the imprint of the instrument binnacle of his own crashed car.
She runs the tip of her tongue into each of the wound-scars on his chest and abdomen.
She spreads her left leg and exposes a deep, trench-like wound-scar in her inner thigh.
James turns her back, pulls her thigh in between his own thighs and enters her scar.
We are close on Vaughan's scarred mouth.
It is next to a small, private medical clinic, and has the same antiseptic, untextured look of the ear, nose and throat suite next door.
James and Vaughan show their wounds to each other, exposing the scars on their chests and hands to the beckoning injury sites on the interior of the car, to the pointed sills of the chromium ashtrays, to the curtain of wheel covers hanging on a web of twisted wire just outside the car window.
James gets in and sits there for a moment, crouched over the mudstreaked instrument panel, his knees tightened against his chest wall.
James retches suddenly and emptily.
Suddenly, Catherine is behind him.
James can see now that Catherine is frightened.
Apparently uninterested in them, Vaughan lies against his door sill, almost asleep at the wheel as he surges forward when the lights change.
James can see that Vaughan's car has become even more battered than it was before, scarred with many impact points, a rear window broken, cracked headlamps, a body panel detached from the off-side rear wheel housing, the front bumper hanging from the chassis pinion, its rusting lower curvature touching the ground as Vaughan corners.
We are close on the huge, battle-scarred grill of Vaughan's Lincoln, now brought back to swaying, bellowing life.
He hangs up.
He starts clowning with the baby, holding him over his head and pressing his nose into the baby's belly, pretending that the baby is attacking him.
Spengler breathes a great sigh of relief and starts rubbing his sore shoulders.
Suddenly he hits metal.
Suddenly the DOORBELL RINGS, scaring her half to death.
She is frightened but conceals it from him.
She closes the door behind him and double locks it, then stands there staring into the candlelight, alone and afraid.
He looks up in terror at the two huge apparitions looming above him and recognizes them immediately.
The manager watches in horror as all the GLASSWARE suddenly drops out of the air, SMASHES through the GLASS SHELVES and SHATTERS on the display tables.
As she starts to walk on, Vigo looks at her again, but Dana turns suddenly and catches the movement.
Frightened now, she hastily leaves the studio.
As she starts to walk on, Vigo looks at her again, but Dana turns suddenly and catches the movement.
Frightened now, she hastily leaves the studio.
Stantz swerves suddenly and HONKS the horn angrily.
The Ghostbusters stumble out dazed and shaken, but unhurt.
He closes the bathroom door and looks at the baby asleep on the bed, surrounded by pillows to prevent him rolling off.
Suddenly Spengler comes to his senses and pulls them apart.
They blow right by the Maitre d' who jumps back in horror as they pass.
The Ghostbusters, now wearing police raincoats over their longjohns are ushered through the house by a butler to a set of double oak doors.
She watches in helpless horror.
Dana walks quickly to the door but suddenly Oscar flies out of her arms, floats across the room and lands lightly back in the cradle.
The room goes dark.
Reacting quickly, the doorman yanks the coat off the woman's back, throws it to the ground and starts stomping on it as the Woman and her husband look on in horror.
Stantz is looking worried.
The head of the statue lurches suddenly, but the Ghostbusters cling to the rail and manage to keep their feet.
Janosz is painting the last of the mystical symbols on the baby's chest.
As the light moves onto his face, Vigo spreads his arms wide and his upper body starts to emerge from the canvas.
Then suddenly a dark shadow falls across the skylight.
As he pulls on one leg of his pants, a guard lunges at him with a knife.
watches too.
McGrath suddenly lunges at him.
Suddenly dozens of deadly-looking spiders swarm out from inside the cake.
shakes it off and is about to attack again.
Suddenly the pool table revolves.
Suddenly SHACKLES SNAP out of the arms of the chair, pinning Gordon's wrists.
He threatens them with the pot of steaming liquid.
Suddenly, Gordon shoots the cuffs off his jacket.
Stops.
Suddenly...  bursts open and Abraham Lincoln in a mini-float appears.
Then suddenly...  KABOOM!
He's cocky in the face of rolling danger.
Danger flickers in Loveless's eyes.
Now the Soiled Dove turns, and we see the scared/confused expression.
His partner because she's scared shitless of this strange Negro who keeps hounding her.
She faints.
One of them is holding a little DOG in his arms, BARKING at something in the dark.
Suddenly they hear a CLANKING and SCREECHING coming from the marsh.
We are pulling into the snowswept parking lot of a one-story brick building.
A cord snakes in under the door.
We are high and wide on the office building's parking lot.
He picks up the small tube of uguent that sits on the sink, frowns at it, puts it back in the medicine chest.
Beat.
Beat.
Carl's nervous smile fades.
The car approaches, slowing.
He fights with the wheel as his car swims on the road face.
The room in which it hangs is dark.
He clears his throat with another deep rumble.
Marge suddenly doubles over, putting her head between her knees down near the snow.
Marge is on her hands and knees by a body down in the ditch, again looking at footprints in the snow.
The bedroom is dark.
Marge gropes in the dark.
A beat.
At a noise he looks up.
It is late evening, blowing storm.
Finding none, he kicks the fence post a couple of times, failing to scar or tilt it, then hurriedly plants a couple of sicks up against the post.
There is blood on the facing wall.
There is a beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Then, with one curved arm half pressing against, half supporting her belly, she takes slow, gingerly steps down the slope, through the deep snow, through the trees angling toward the cabin and the source of the grinding noise.
The dark shape in the snow next to his side is the rest of Carl Showalter's body.
She fires.
She fires again.
Cowering in fear, he attempts to scoop up her scattered belongings.
A path clears for her as she marches through a pack of fearful students and SLAMS open the door, entering school.
A cloud of pot smoke hovers above them Michael waves to DEREK, the one with the longest dreads.
Cameron is smitten A room full of bored seniors doodle and scare off into space MS.
Kids flood past.
Kat wins the game and high fives the others, who are scared of her. Patrick stares at Joey deadpan.
She sticks out her chest and licks her lips.
They shake.
Miss Perky watches in horror You two know each other?
He panics, whipping out a handy pocket mirror   She's already walking away.
Patrick is showing a scar to an inebriated, enraptured cheerleader.
He starts to turn away from Kat Kat starts to panic, as Patrick has yet to make the jump for the tree.
Her eyes follow him as he moves toward the back of the shop and approaches a man in slightly ill-fitting clothes.
Suddenly the thief is there.
He grabs some paper napkins and starts to clean it off -- getting far too near her breasts in the panic of it...
He  shakes his head again in horror and wanders back along the corridor in silence.
Suddenly there is a clicking of a key in the lock.
He was panic.
It's a challenge.
This is horrible.
Anna suddenly appears at his side and whips him away without being recognized.
He is stunned.
She turns to take the wine and William has a split second to send a message of panic to Bella.
He is suddenly struck by who it is.
The middle of the night.
They are both asleep -- a yard apart.
Massive noise and photos.
Now closer to the house, William approaches a barrier -- where he is himself approached.
The poor third is nervous -- and the first is approaching.
He's startled.
Simon has been born and raised with Gothic horror and it's strange that what that stew of trauma has produced is a gifted, decent man.
Frank immediately grabs Melvin by his shirt and jerks him forward...   Melvin is scared.
His walk is brisk -- an animal wanting to pass through the danger without giving off the scent of its mounting fear.
Stunned.
He wipes his knife.
She begins to make noises as she responds...   each time startling herself with her own noise and trying to reign it in.
She stops him.
Shocked.
as he starts to go toward Simon and then scurries back in fear.
We STAY with the dog during the O.S. dialogue: As his head turns in panic we see his various POVs as the dialogue continues O.S. Melvin enters -- the dog cowers in the shadows.
Melvin finds Verdell's fear of him a bit calming.
Melvin's lips compress...  he sits on the piano bench and hits a few keys...  looks at Verdell's empty spot again...  there are those who "get the joke" -- Melvin is clearly one -- he laughs suddenly and helplessly even as he feels the panic rise in him... ...   all his painstaking success in keeping the lid on and now it threatens to blow for a reason he articulates.
Momentarily a scared, beaten middle-aged man -- he races out the door.
He stops.
A depleted, exhausted Carol approaches her home.
Wow does she...  and gives us some notion of the size of her fear demon and the strength it takes to subdue it as Dr. Bettes keeps reassuring her and she keeps nodding... finally a deep breath as Spencer enters from the bathroom.
She takes this as a blow to the heart, stomach and groin.
She kisses him and starts for the door and suddenly a sharp intake of breath -- she's forgotten something.
Simon swings his arm and cast at Melvin -- the sudden attack jolts Melvin but not as much as what follows.
He is having anxiety.
A beat, then.
Melvin walks to the doorway and stops suddenly.
She closes her eyes -- her face moving toward him -- he is wide-eyed and afraid... His face almost moves away -- in a shot this close it's almost flight...
He is extremely tense -- not breathing -- a lump in his throat -- trying not to let the anxiety immobilize him...  the NUMBER RINGS twice, then a humorless male voice: He hangs up.
He stops breathing as his gay houseguest approaches.
Melvin walks in anxious circles in the living room.
He moves for the door...  stops suddenly, jolted.
A beat.
Suddenly the lights of the bakery turn on as it opens for business.
A silent, paroxysmal terror registers on his face.
Aftermath.
Stillness.
Increasing evidence of tagging, and bands of wandering students, indicate a higher degree of disorder the further one gets from the Main Office.
She pulls a dark blue sweat shirt on over her head.
As they shake right in front of Childress' face he can't help noticing the mean scar on the back of Trevor's hand.
Childress looks from Trevor silently stirring his soup down to the scar again...  and now it hits him.
A beat.
He marches past a street lamp and is swallowed up by the night.
A beat.
His bare back and shoulders are scattered with brutal knife scars.
Cesar grows nervous.
Suddenly a coyote darts past him.
The Security Guard heads for a panel near the doorway and punches a key labeled ARM.
Suddenly - it moves, bolting upright and sprinting from the room.
Willie's reaction worries Marcus.
The snot-nosed Kid is next in line, frozen by fear.
This penetrates the Kid's fear.
Suddenly the Kid is moved to yank Willie's beard.
He stalks off.
In moments, Willie is on the losing end of homosexual panic.
Suddenly, the sounds stop.
A salesman approaches from behind her.
Children scream in horror as mothers cover their eyes.
Jesse the security guard is at his post near the doors to the parking lot.
Willie murmurs, more in sadness than in fear: Marcus points the gun.
The police vehicles, in hot pursuit, squeal, skid, and slew around in a jumble at the foot of the lawn.
Caesar stops at the door where two of his soldiers have appeared, holding AUTOMATIC WEAPONS.
Coyote lunges at Vitti with the knife, but Vitti suddenly whirls around, bashes Coyote in the face with his food tray and bursts into song.
Doctor Cutler looks worried.
The suburban street is dark and quiet and all the lights are off in the house.
The room is dark.
The woman reacts in horror.
You afraid to tell me?
Yeah, I'm afraid.
Suddenly one of the WINDOWS behind Vitti SHATTERS.
The door is opened by EDDIE DEVOL, early thirties, dark and sullen.
Vitti is back in bed in his robe, still asleep.
Vitti's eyes suddenly go wide.
Other diners scream in terror.
After a long beat, the frightened patrons start to get up and chatter nervously.
The wind shifts and blows the smoke from the barbecue in their faces.
Ben's car speeds up suddenly.
Ben is on the edge of panic.
Vitti rockets out from between buildings and races through a parking lot toward the river with the Benz on his tail.
They hear POLICE SIRENS APPROACHING.
POLICE CARS and the FBI CAR SCREECH into the parking lot and surround Ben.
The door flies open and Tony Bella comes flying out of the trailer backwards, hitting the pavement hard.
He shakes his leg and the gun drops out of his cuff and clatters onto the floor.
Vitti comes in, locks the door and has a full-blown panic attack -- gasping for breath, sweating, whimpering, trying to stifle his panic.
Heavily-armed gangsters in ski masks surround the truck and herd the driver, the shotgun guard and the frightened marshals into a construction shack, while men with acetylene torches attack the back doors.
Suddenly, he slaps Vitti hard across the face.
People panic and run.
Carter, working up a sweat from shadow fighting, takes off his JACKET, DRAPING IT over the HOLY BUDDHA behind him -- a mistake.
Beat.
Hu Li moves quickly down the hallway, rounding a corner and suddenly goes FLYING, landing flat on her face.
Beat.
It's approached by FOUR TRIAD SOLDIERS.
Above the doors and over the soldiers.
TWO SECURITY GUARDS approach Carter's table.
He hears noise, TWO SECURITY GUARDS coming behind him through the casino door.
She holds a knife to Lee's throat.
About to cut him.
Panicked, Lee searches for the detonator.
They have the same simultaneous though: Carter is Lee's only hope to get the bomb out of his mouth.
Suddenly: BLAM!  BLAM!  BLAM!  GUNSHOTS from the Eye In The Sky Room.
Carter and Lee dive on to the floor as panic ripples through the Casino.
SUDDENLY, a HAND cuts through, parting the doors.
Falls back against the table, clutching his chest.
WEAK in the KNEES, Carter looks to the SOUND ON HIS CHEST.
He hangs up.
They shake hands.
The Bartender climbs on a car, threatening them from above.
Charlotte looks as- the nervous, young bride clutches her mother's hand.
The Figure moves through the shadows avoiding the spill of yellow light from the street lamps.
Arching her neck in some higher ecstasy, Maudy looks across the makeshift studio and suddenly stops playing.
A beat.
Then suddenly, on the screen, a face in shadow appears...  Lestat.
The French Journalist looks a little frightened/fascinated by Lestat's leer.
In a dark room, the interview continues.
Her long red hair snakes over her slender neck as she sleeps to Lestat's voice, still as death.
Still.
She stares at him, nervous, intrigued.
She stands, heart pounding, trying to shake the dream off.
The dark waters of the Thames snake through the London cityscape.
A dark street.
She hesitates, nervous, then turns down the dark lane, disappearing into the blackness...  Jesse, from the shadows, gazes, wide-eyed, at the Soho private club's entrance, a solitary door with a faded sign and a dull blue light mounted above.
Stops.
Takes another nervous step.
A cold WIND suddenly blows, fluttering her skirt.
As the Bouncer backs away, terrified, Lestat turns to him.
He shivers with temptation.
Leaning into her neck he breathes in her scent, closes his eyes and...  Suddenly opens them right at Roger who looks on, extremely perturbed.
Roger looks up at Lestat whose dark eyes stare intensely at Roger's blood.
His neck wears a swollen bite.
Another flash of lightning suddenly jolts him awake.
He makes for a door when...  Lestat suddenly stops.
Suddenly Marius draws a knife from a Roman sheath on his belt.
Lestat stares in true terror as Marius lets his blood drip onto Lestat's lip.
That's the new terror that's gripping him.
Sees terror in their eyes.
The Father is slowly backing away, pointing in horror at Lestat.
Lightning fast, out of the shadows, steps Marius.
Lestat turns to Marius, shaking his head no in horror.
He looks into her terrified eyes...  Marius kneels over the body of the Father on the island's deserted shoreline.
She gazes into the dark night...  then turns, sees her camera... Jesse moves steadily along the street past darkened warehouses.
Jesse moves slowly along a wall in the shadows trying to get a better look...  Suddenly, out of the shadows, a BOTTLE SMASHES...
The figure is a homeless drunk, more scared than she is, who scuttles off quickly into the night.
She shakes her head, too frightened to get out a response.
Jesse desperately tries to cover her terror.
She stares at him, terrified.
Heart racing, she shakes with fear.
Jesse starts to shake.
He picks her up by the throat.
Her legs flail in the air...  Suddenly, the two vampires turn and hiss like cats.
Jesse stares into his entrancing grey eyes, tries to gather herself together, half fearful, half titillated.
They gaze at each other, the air suddenly electric.
The mood suddenly changes.
That stops him.
She brings her finger to her mouth, slowly sticks it in, tastes her own blood, shivers with fear -- and something else -- desire.
They crack up.
The girls sit open-mouthed with terror as Lestat reaches the ground -- He heads straight for them.
She hangs up.
Suddenly, the bow flies out of his hand and slides across the floor, jamming itself under an old bookcase.
Suddenly, the BOLT flies up and SPLINTERS with a SHRIEKING CRACK.
He stands bolt upright as a frightening GUST of WIND sweeps across him.
A burst of image and color floods into him, as...  of Ancient Egypt... power...  supremacy... slavery...  all impressionistic, subliminal... the bright burning sun, red lips, blood spurting like a fountain...  in the sanctuary, hovering over Lestat, who lays on the stone floor in a catatonic state, staring.
Lestat's chest heaves upward, pulling his body with it, only to be jerked back by the manacles that hold him to the bed.
Struggles against them.
Suddenly pressing the knife to Lestat's throat -- Lestat stares up at him.
Lestat runs down the staircase, which is dark except for the candelabra in his hand.
Wipes the blood from his mouth, gazes into the dark night.. CLOSE ON the anxious, sweating, frightened face of DREW MacLEOD, 17, running to save her life.
She reaches for the other side...  but suddenly catches herself and stops.
Drew shivers.
Parker tries to play cool -- Drew's rigid -- angry and afraid.
YES THEY CAN and they're now scared as hell.
SCREECH!
What the hell?
There's a rather LONG BEAT while this horror sinks in, then: Key in hand, Drew makes a beeline out the door.
Panicked, Drew sprints down the sidewalk with Parker and the Desk Clerk in tow.
Practically sewn to Parker, Drew follows her into the suite, both nervous, tiptoeing.
Panicking, she grabs the shower curtain, pulling it off its hanger and covering herself.
But DREW'S FROZEN WITH FEAR and to complicate matters, she's struggling to keep the curtain wrapped around herself.
Rubbing his sore head, Morty the Security Guy lumbers down the hallway.
When she reaches for it she loses her balance and suddenly -- FWONK -- nosedives into the dumpster.
Chaos.
Drew's still at the end of the runway, basking in the APPLAUSE and attempting to negotiate a precarious turn in her SCARY SPIKED HEELS when Parker approaches her and...  ... throws a hand on her hip, thrusts it out -- sexy executive!
The Chinese Rep suddenly looks terribly worried and pauses to confer with his ASSOCIATE.
She hangs up.
What the hell?
At the mention of POLICE, Roger's EYES GO WIDE.
She's paralyzed with fear.
We push through the parking lot crowd to a nervous, lanky kid, TED shiny forehead, as she turns toward the camera.
next to the OTHER MISSING BALL.
...  ...he loses the smile and ducks his head back into the bathroom, PANICKING NOW, he hastily zips up his fly and !
Suddenly we hear Warren from outside the door: Ted hangs his head.
Suddenly Healy is in his face.
Suddenly a '89 Chrysler Lebaron convertible with a GREAT DANE in the back SCREECHES to a halt in front of him.
Suddenly Healy notices that the dog is A LITTLE TOO MOTIONLESS.
He starts SHAKING THE DOG, but Puffy doesn't move.
Suddenly, Healy draws a couple of invisible sixshooters at her.
As Hal TAKES OFF after the snake, we Healy starts to knock on Mary's door, but, before he can, the door suddenly swings open revealing a beaming Mary.
Panic-stricken.
Ted couldn't look more HORRIFIED.
Ted is terrified.
Suddenly he gets YANKED OUT OF FRAME.
Ted tries to hide his horror.
Healy and Tucker jump out of the car and RUN INTO THE BUILDING.
Suddenly Magda ENTERS from her bedroom.
Suddenly Mary comes running down the OTHER SIDE OF THE STREET.
The Apparition scares the daylights out of Chekov -- and us.
He screams.
As the muffled shrieks are heard from within, the eels crawl across the faces of Chekov and Terrell; with unerring in- stincts they head for the ears of the two hapless men.
He reacts to them.
roll closed, sealing off the damaged tail section, terrified, scramble to get out amid the deadly yellow- ish green smoke, the cries.
The trainees, in panic amid the gas crawl over each other trying to get out.
Scotty, in respirator, with a throat mike which filters his voice.
The Enterprise, motionless, scars of battle showing.
Some TRAINEES who panicked are back.
He dies.
SOUND -- eerie, frightening.
Our ears cannot place it...  and before we can, it is gone a warning.
He shows signs of fear as he walks through the deserted place, like a scuba diver exploring a cave.
Chekov breaks the embrace in high relief and anxiety.
Carol SCREAMS and David reacts with horror and guilt.
Terrell himself is shaken by his reflexive action.
He's in semi-panic.
She watches him.
who watches him.
Reacting.
The Enterprise is buffeted again -- She whitens in fear.
Panic.
Reliant, now a scarred, battered hulk, her main hull still intact, but dead in space.
She's crawling still.
The tone frightens Kirk.
With stunned understanding, Kirk stumbles to the door, sees Spock on his knees, hands blackened, face cracked with radiation lines and scars.
He sits wearily, not knowing how to shake the ghosts.
Beat.
The office is dark, the only illumination coming from the window onto the bright sales floor behind Big Dave.
He pulls Doris from the car, half asleep, half drunk.
He hangs up.
His hands go up to his throat.
Big Dave crawls away face-down across the floor, on his knees but with his hands still at his throat.
Blood is pooling out from under him.
His whole body shakes as he goes into shock.
He is still.
Ed rises, and they awkwardly shake hands.
Birdy also has papers spread across a table in front of her: homework.
He uncaps a small bottle of pills, shakes two into his palm, tosses them back and washes them down.
They SCREAM!
Blackness.
Dennis and Ronnie shake hands.
Ronnie attacks his Mom.
Ronnie's Mom sees an opening and attacks Ronnie at his legs.
Ronnie gives him a warning look, then walks out.
Nell swallows, stuffs another Cinnabon in, then storms out of the Food Court.
Brandi throws her hands up, frightened.
The bum runs his finger under his throat.
Ronnie goes down on his knees.
All the lights are off and we see the dark shadow creep through the darkness.
It's a weird little moment.
Ronnie goes down on his knees.
Ronnie looks nervous, but Nell looks down at her yellow ring with pride.
The woods are dark.
His voice paralyzes her.
As soon as his back is turned, she gets up, runs through the diner, and suddenly cuts through the kitchen.
Martha is scared to look outside.
She turns and stares out her window into the dark trees that surround the lake house.
He pulls out a little flask and shakes it.
Beat.
There is a baby asleep in the crib.
The room is no longer Martha's bedroom at the lake, it is a small dark room at the farm.
Sarah is nervous.
Stop it.
Martha is shook up.
She is frozen with fear.
She is trembling with fear.
It is overcast.
Martha walks through a large house in the dark.
Suddenly the lights turn on.
She is stunned.
She is half asleep.
He is in pain.
Martha sits in the bathroom, knees pulled up to her chest as she rests on the edge of the bathtub.
He follows her, trying to calm her down but she is in a blind state of panic.
Martha shakes her head with a severe look of fear in her eyes.
Suddenly she breaks back through the water and gasps for air.
She is frozen with fear, she thinks about saying something but then stops herself.
Mordant KNOCKS on Goldar's metallic leg.
Ivan's face goes dark, THUNDER RUMBLES and the site LIGHTS UP WITH A FLASH OF LIGHTNING.
Suddenly a hand falls on Aisha.
CLOSE ON HIS FACE as it SHAPE-SHIFTS INTO THE+ HIDEOUS VISAGE OF Ivan puts his hands to his face in mock fear.
The STREAKS OF COLOR hit the jungle floor and only FIVE  RANGERS The kids search the sky in a panic.
Both them are wearing their garish blazers and dark sunglasses.
Kimberly heaves a sigh, climbs onto the bamboo and start walking across, balancing precariously on her hands.
The Rangers are fast asleep.
The frog sits there a moment, it's THROAT THROBBING Now we hear a DEEP GROWL and a tree SHAKES.
Goldar suddenly point to the sky.
Suddenly, an ERUPTION OF SMOKE -- and Ivan, disguised as the wizard, MAGICALLY APPEARS.
Suddenly an ARM FALLS ON FRED'S SHOULDER.
FRED looks on in horror.
Suddenly the Tengu is HURTLED BACKWARD TEN FEET THROUGH THE AIR.
They approach the massive block, stand before it in awe struck silence.
They move closer...  Fred gulps with fear... glancing around for help, he notices a HOSE.
ATTACK WITH A RELENTLESS FEROCITY.
Suddenly the Falcon Zord The monorail miraculously SLIDES across the back of the zord and continues down the tracks.
Ripley shakes hands with Herbert Greenleaf as he gets into his Rolls Royce.
He flinches.
Dickie shakes off the water, grins.
Ripley, abandoned, goes over.
Freddie and Dickie and Marge are swimming, then Marge climbs back onto the boat, where Ripley is sitting alone, reading.
Dickie's asleep.
Dickie suddenly catches him staring.
Dickie cuts the motor, and the boat slows to a crawl, miles from the shore.
Ripley stares at him, his eyes suddenly reptilian.
Ripley, terrified, hits Dickie again and again, the oar like a carpet-beater banging down flat, blood on the blade, blood on Ripley, until he's on his knees, heaving for breath, letting his arm drop, then realizing, disgusted, that he's let it rest in a pool of blood.
He rises, a little nervous.
He's faint.
It's deserted.
CHAOS.
Ripley, familiar battered luggage in tow, appears at the entrance of the building next to his own, glances at the police car parked opposite the big doors, then hurries off into the darkness.
Greenleaf suddenly explodes.
Ripley wakes up from an awful, chilling nightmare, his head full of ghosts.
Peter walks over to Ripley, a little concerned.
Marge is shivering.
Marge panics, backed up against the door.
THE RINGS SIT GLINTING ON THE COFFEE Ripley worries about what that conclusion is as Mr Greenleaf heads into his bedroom.
Then a voice shakes him from his reverie.
Suddenly he's Dickie.
The words catch in his throat.
Jay shakes a finger at her, silences her immediately.
BARAJAS, stands threateningly over a visibly frightened Jay.
Barajas nods to Cicatriz, who moves in on Jay with lightning quickness, holds a Razor sharp KNIFE against his thumb.
A look somewhere between horror and shock is etched on Marie's beautiful face.
into darkness.
Barely able to breathe, she takes out her cell phone.
Suddenly Elena feels the sharp pain of teeth biting into her neck...
Winces, then...
Her heart is in her throat as she calls out...
Elena stands on the edge of the airboat, fear rising in her.
The winding dirt road crosses back to swampside and Chad's worst fears come true...Elena's racing along side of him in the AIRBOAT, fighting to keep up...
He screws up his wrinkled face, afraid to touch them...
She can barely control her hands, her whole body shaking in fear...  Finally she pulls out a MATCHBOOK, still sopping wet from the swamp.
Elena adjusts the mic taped to her chest, wincing as the tape pulls her delicate skin.
Elena suddenly gets to her feet.
He stumbles.
On the video screen a frightened Elena is huddled against the wall.
It is Comrade Buljanoff, a member of the Russian Board of Trade.
The Manager returns to his customary duties, when suddenly a second Russian, similarly dressed, pushes his way through the door and gazes around.
Suddenly Buljanoff grows skeptical again.
The CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM and NARROWS DOWN to the suitcase carried by two of the Russians.
The Three Russians step to one side.
The Russians get between him and the jewels and during the following scene put them back into the safe.
The Russians take the copy of the injunction, read it flabbergasted.
Leon closes the door and turns back into the room to the three outraged Russians.
Again they overwhelm Leon with an avalanche of Russian affection.
The elevator comes up and stops, the door opens, and the Three Russians step out.
As the two embrace, the Three Russians stop in their tracks.
The Russians exchange troubled looks and go toward her.
They shake hands.
The Russians are taken aback.
The hearts of the Three Russians drop to their boots, as we Ninotchka, followed by the Russians, comes through the lobby, observing every detail of these unfamiliar surroundings.
Suddenly she stops.
She walks out of the shot toward the elevator, followed by the Three Russians, as we Ninotchka enters, followed by the Three Russians, who by now are frightened to death.
The Three Russians watch her nervously.
The Russians stand by quietly.
Suddenly we hear the whistle of a traffic policeman and both Ninotchka and Leon have to step back to the little isle.
The Three Russians stand outside.
Leon and the Three Russians enter.
Suddenly Ninotchka stares in the direction of the door.
Suddenly Ninotchka laughs.
The Three Russians leave.
He stops.
She falls asleep in his arms.
Ninotchka stands staring in frozen horror for a moment, then rushes to the telephone by the bed.
Russian commission has left for moscow.
Leon takes his place behind her, nervous at having to wait.
She is one of many, a cog in the Russian machine.
It is an overcrowded house.
As she does, the blare of a Russian speech brings her back to reality.
Quickly she turns the knob and again there is a burst of Russian oratory.
The Russians change their tune quickly to the "Volga Boatman" in order not to awaken animosity.
Suddenly the door is opened by Vladimir, a friendly old man.
Ninotchka rises and shakes their hands.
The Three Russians exchange glances.
The CAMERA PANS WITH THEM --leaving Ninotchka and Leon as Russians walk discreetly out of the room and close the door behind them.
He has dark worried eyes and a goatee.
He screams.
A  reverse  looking  up shows  the Dude  hurtling toward  us out  of the inky  sky,  his eyes  wide with  horror.
The Dude looks up, up, up at the looming ball, its mass rolling a huge shadow across his face.
Brandt sits catty-corner from the Dude; directly across from the Dude is the big Lebowski, a comforter across his knees.
A dripping noise.
The room is dark now except for spill from the living room; the men are backlit shapes.
The marmot splashes frantically, biting at the Dude in a frenzy of fearful aggression.
"Tumbling Tumbleweeds" is ending as we hear an offscreen voice, breaking the spell: Tony, the unformed limo driver, is at the door of the bar, beckoning.
CRASH!
CRASH!
Glass rains in on a terrified, cringing, Donny.
It is a woman, falling in slow motion, her limbs flailing, her mouth contorted by either fear or ecstasy.
She pulls her knees in toward her chest to keep her pelvis raised.
He picks a White Russian off the bedside table.
He is revved with nervous energy.
The Dude shouts to cover his fear: The Dude is stunned.
Donny is visibly frightened.
The bowling ball thuds into his chest and lifts him off his feet.
Growling as Dieter screams, he worries his ear, waggling his head with his jaws clamped.
still worrying the ear.
One, a COP, is nervous as hell and constantly aware of the door.
He watches.
Suddenly he gestures and we-- BRADLEE STANDING ACROSS THE ROOM.
The silence goes on.
Dark, dark, eerie.
Nervous.
He hangs up.
HOLD on her frightened face a moment.
He gets to his building, starts lugging it up when-- JANE IN THE DARKNESS.
If she was scared earlier, it's panic- time now.
Suddenly a SOUND comes from the darkness behind him.
It was nothing but from the way he jumped when it happened you can tell the fear is spreading.
And as he goes-- WOODWARD out on the street, in a phone booth near Essex House.
WOODWARD approaches but as he does the door begins to open so he whirls, knocks on the door nearest him.
The only thing in common is their fear.
And we-- THE BOOKKEEPER approaching the door.
But the notebook scares her terribly and she can only stare at it.
She watches them.
It is dark outside.
And now suddenly-- rolling the story.
They're in the lobby of the Post at night and through a thick-pane of glass they're watching their story roll and on their faces is something you don't expect to see: panic.
The WESTERN SENATOR will be seen in a corridor of the Senate office building, talking to reporters, the CREEP P.R. SOUTHERNER will be talking to reporters in front of the CREEP office doors and so identified.
He's nervous.
And he stalks out.
He stops as suddenly DEEP THROAT dives down behind the nearest car.
He is scared, wipes his mouth.
He is leaning against a wall, shivering.
And he blinks again, then slowly, shivering, begins sliding down the wall.
And from this tone, you know HALDEMAN scares him.
But at the moment more then anything else they look scared...  HOLD.
The voice of the lawyer is also whispered and scared to death.
The apartment is dark.
Inside, the phone RINGS and WOODWARD'S APARTMENT in the dark as he manages to knock the phone off its cradle.
DEEP THROAT.
He screams.
Salim shouts a warning.
Jamal blinks from the impact and suddenly we are back....  ... in the Inspector's office.
And fear.
Suddenly fixes him with his eyes.
Thunder?
Frightened now, he fights his way down the steps, one figure against an army of white-robed people.
Suddenly, Jamal is out of his chair and at Srinivas' throat.
Before a fight breaks out, Punnoose pulls Salim off Latika and hurls him across the room.
Suddenly, the lame beggar.
Surrounded by beer bottles, Punnoose is slumped asleep by the kitchen door.
Suddenly, Salim is being sick in the corner of the shack.
Jamal is suddenly alert.
Suddenly, a German couple approach.
He goes through the door and immediately....  ....is, without breaking step in a slightly grubby white uniform.
He stops.
Dark, crowded streets.
Rachel shows him but doesn't let him touch it for fear he may pull it out.
The LIGHTNING gets even louder and scares the both of them enough to hightail it for the house.
Robbie doesn't move in fear.
With anxious eyes, Robbie begins to say...  Ray sits down against the wall of the island countertop in the kitchen, not responding.
Ray tries to get Manny to calm down from the panic he is in...  Rachel begins crying as she says... A dead silent pause falls on everyone.
A vibration noise is heard by an approaching robot.
They both jump at the noise.
Robbie gets worried and gets Ray to drive.
Rachel is panicking and starts to do the "arms" process to stay calm.
Rachel screams in panic.
He is fighting to catch his breath because he had it knocked out of him.
Ray is scared into dropping his gun on the street.
Rachel is panic stricken.
A train approaches and is blowing off fireballs from an encounter with a robot.
Suddenly...  BOOM!!!
Silence falls over for a period.
They shake hands.
The camera hit's the ceiling and shakes it's self off of debris.
That's the rules.
Suddenly Pete walks out of the house with the kids.
I'm interviewing him.
It's disgusting, okay?
They die.
Suddenly, there is an earthquake.
Alison wakes up from the earthquake in a panic.
How is this worse?
Go hang out with your bearded freak friends.
She winces.
She is PANTING.
Pete turns the camera on himself and shakes his head "no."
A few shops, dark and shuttered.
The villagers look threatening and David's voice is a bit urgent.
walking on the road surrounded by darkness.
The rain is loud on the roof and beating on the windows.
The Chess Player turns suddenly.
They are both visibly worried and walk briskly back from where they just came.
A growl.
It stops.
David shouts as he slips suddenly in the mud, scaring Jack, and us, and himself a great deal.
David scrambles to his feet and runs in complete panic.
He stares in horror.
The camera adopts David's P.O.V. as he fights the dark savage shape on top of him.
He lays on his back in bed, his shoulder bandaged and his arm plugged into a bottle of plasma.
The camera runs for a while then suddenly stops short near a tree.
Suddenly he stops again, alert, listening.
The buck turns his head, feeling the danger.
Shots showing the muscles in his legs and shoulders tensing. of David's eyes. of the frightened deer. of David's eyes.
as it is leapt upon, its terrified face leaving frame as David forces it down.
He stops suddenly, ears perked, he looks about and then we hear Jack's o.s.
screams.
The voice of Jack screams: David turns in blind panic, he runs (and we run with him.)
His face registers total disbelief and increasing horror.
The room is dark except for the lamp by which she reads.
David is asleep.
The sudden burst of violence is terrifying and unrelenting.
He watches in horror as his little brother and sister scream in terror before they are brutally murdered.
The one holding David pulls a knife and quickly slits David's throat.
She kisses his shoulders, then his chest.
(Note: This is a big scare.)
It is getting dark.
The park is dark and quiet.
Miss Gallagher is helping Mrs. Hobbs dispense medication into paper cups when Dr. Hirsch approaches.
It is an arm.
(This is a scare.)
Alex grows worried.
Derelict #1 unties Winston who takes off running in terror.
(A scare.)
He stops, frightened.
The Passenger is beginning to panic.
turns to flee, his jog becoming a run.
He scrambles to his feet crying out in fear.
The camera tracks slowly in on the increasingly horrified Passenger until we are in an extreme closeup of his eyes, when we: (A scare.)
She is now more worried than ever.
A naked blur darts by, grabbing the top coat as it passes, scaring off the birds.
David is running in panic.
David grabs his head suddenly.
He looks down in horror.
Alex is asleep.
Another police car pulls up and out steps Lt. Villiers and Sgt.
Suddenly the doors splinter apart and there stands the Wolf, eyes blazing.
The crowd falls back in panic.
The Wolf lays in wait in the shadows.
The tenement building is boarded up, condemned, bombed out, but a home, a shelter nonetheless.
Manray and Cheeba are both sound asleep.
TWO SECURITY GUARDS are trying to escort Manray and Cheeba out of the building.
The audience lets out nervous laughter.
They're stunned.
He is overcome with emotion.
They start to "boo."
He's watching the same.
She is having an asthma attack, it was brought on by the proceedings.
He shoots Manray in the chest, the Mau-Mau's follow him and he does a spastic last jig as the 9mm bullets riddle his twitching body.
The movement catches her eye, and she instantly stops turning the pages, afraid the noise has disturbed him.
But the radio is across the room and it's slightly easier for her to get out of the side of the bed she's on, and go to the door of The Shooter's room.
It is dark in the room and dark outside, the street lamps furnishing only enough light for a faint border around the window shade.
It is raining dismally.
He rings up a NO SALE and flips a dime to The Boy, who is astonished and then worried by this munificence.
She turns toward the side of the house and walks to the kitchen door.
He jams the knife in the table and snaps off the blade.
His face pale and shaken.
Reacting.
CAMERA MOVES among the spectators: Hoban and Yeller, who are sorry for The Kid and admiring of Lancey; Bill, who is all the more angry at his defeat because his hopes were up; The Shooter, who is a very unhappy man; and Melba, whose anger at the Kid is balanced by her fear of Schlaegel and what will happen to The Shooter and possibly to her.
Suddenly three men move in behind him.
He watches her.
Suddenly, as Renton crosses a road, a car skids to a halt, inches from him.
He stumbles through.
Alone, Renton makes his way through the horrors to a cubicle.
Suddenly Renton appears through the bowl, then his arms as he lifts himself out.
He moans.
He moans again.
They stop.
He injects.
Renton, Spud and Sick Boy cross the road to approach the shop.
Around him is the usual accident and emergency paraphernalia: blood pressure machine, oxygen tap, bandages, etc.
He begins to shake.
She has fangs now.
The number-calling continues until suddenly interrupted by Mother's voice.
Suddenly Bedbie freezes.
and Sick Boy (asleep.).
He shakes Sick Boy's hand.
Suddenly they are interrupted.
Renton, nervous, hand shaking, pulls a packet of cigarettes from a pocket and holds it towards Begbie.
Spud and Begbie lie on the other, both asleep.
Something wipes frame and we are suddenly hurtling through a forest on the shoulders of a wild-eyed, kilted JOHN BROWN.
He goes on searching the dark.
Stops.
A beat.
He goes on staring into the dark.
A beat.
Suddenly, the Queen turns to Bertie's nervous wife, PRINCESS ALEXANDRA, and proclaims abruptly: VICTORIA nods earnestly.
A beat.
A beat.
She sounds nervous and edgy.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
VICTORIA suddenly stops and stares out of the windows.
Suddenly he turns.
PONSONBY coughs again, nervous.
Bertie stares at her in silence while PONSONBY and DOCTOR JENNER exchange a worried look.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Later that night, the courtyard is packed with a gaggle of worried HOUSEHOLDERS holding lamps.
A beat.
Chaos.
A beat.
BROWN is guarding the door to the drawing room while the balding BERTIE muscles up, eye ball to eye ball.
A beat.
He pulls up suddenly, staring at the shadows in the copse.
BARNEY stands transfixed in horror.
She stops herself.
She stops.
A beat.
A nervous silence in the Household.
The stalking.
Suddenly, BROWN stops.
The kill.
He stops.
A beat.
A beat.
Suddenly, VICTORIA stands.
Suddenly the mountains begin to rumble.
A frightened Kraanian councillor spurs his horse forward through the beautiful glass gates, as in the distance we hear the sound of ten thousand approaching footsteps.
He is now wearing a strange medallion around his neck as, wild- eyed, he screams to signal the attack.
Ahead of us, terrified Kraanians run from the onslaught.
Pulling closer we can hear the worried voices of the Council members.
Suddenly from behind us, we hear the sound of flapping wings and a huge rush of air.
Below her, on the ground, she sees a humanoid running in terror, chased by an ugly, four-legged mutant creature.
Suddenly the smoke dissipates and a formation of B-17 bombers come tearing out into the moonlit night.
The soldier almost dozes ...  suddenly the cacophony of sound stops, and for a brief moment there is complete silence ... then with an agonizing wail an air raid siren shatters the silence and the guard looks skyward, startled.
Tailgunner momentarily lit with a shell burst, he's scared shitless.
Suddenly a serious voice cuts in on the small talk.
A sudden flash of lightning illuminates the whole inside of the plane.
Suddenly a curtain of rain lashes the machine.
Suddenly it's too late as the prop wobbles loose and cartwheels over the wing.
A red warning light begins to flash.
TRAVIS turns, horror frozen on his face.
The mask on his face falls off, and we get a split second look of abject horror as he falls out of frame.
STEPEK is wide-eyed and scared silly as the sound now begins under his feet and pincers begin to snip through the floor.
He is scared.
The NAVIGATOR panics and reaches up, grabbing the flare gun from its rack.
The ball turret falls off.
Flying the plane with his good hand, he strikes and pummels at the attacking creatures with the other.
He falls, terror-stricken, through space.
Suddenly he lunges at her, sliding across the table.
As the DOCTOR struggles with the terrified girl, the camera pans up to the ceiling, where the metal tube from the spaceship drills through.
Suddenly a bell rings and the communicator screen lights up.
A serious officer's face appears on it.
When she touches it, a rock panel slides away to reveal a gold chest.
Suddenly, an electric arc jumps from the bucket of water and crosses the room to join with thw ball on his shelf.
Two bestial guards approach from behind, brandishing curved short-swords.
Spinning with his own momentum, DEN throws a rock-hard fist into the second guard's chest, snapping his rib-cage and sending him flying across the room.
The Captain hangs on as DEN twists the gun, butts it into the creature's groin and then drives the weapon through the Captain's jaw.
The bullets blast big yellow holes in ARD'S chest, but there is no blood.
Across the dark room, the glow of the green ball casts a pale light.
The Captain of the guards places a long knife against Den's throat.
As the Captain presses his knife against Den's flesh, the QUEEN suddenly raises her hand.
that Suddenly the Captain and his guards burst through the door.
Suddenly, the electrical energy arcs across to join with the Loc-Nar.
Suddenly, the Loc-Nar falls to the ground at Den's feet.
The soldiers are gone.
Scared, the camel struggles and trys to break its ropes.
The camera pans up to the well-bucket, where the gentleman is washing the blood from his hands.
The archaeologist and the natives stare in horror at the glowing Loc-Nar, lying in the pile of green dust.
A buzzing is heard, and the young man's body suddenly dematerializes.
He's dead.
Police.
A girl suddenly approaches, awkwardly handing Andrew a flyer.
The door suddenly opens, revealing MR.
Cars are parked outside a big abandoned barn as Matt and Andrew approach.
A beat.
Ooooh shiiiiit-                   That is so fucking creepy!
Steve suddenly goes right into the hole, vanishing into the darkness.
Matt's face is suddenly in front of the camera.
Darkness.
A frumpy woman with a shopping cart suddenly starts pulling on the cart.
It suddenly breaks away from her, and goes careening down the aisle by itself, her chasing after it.
The teddy bear suddenly takes off and flies through the air.
The camera moves, and is picked up, following a spider as it moves across the floor.
The spider is telekinetically lifted into the air.
Andrew's home phone rings, and he drops the spider.
They lay there, breathing hard.
Steve suddenly leaps up.
They're all nearly asleep, drowsy drunk.
Beat.
Cut.
We can hear Andrew's gasping sobs, panicked, as he turns, runs out of the house, and LAUNCHES INTO THE Andrew's just below the clouds, massive dark and ominous above him.
For a moment, all we can see is the stormscape, and then we hear Andrew's rushed, panicked breathing.
Andrew suddenly appears, holding a kitchen knife.
He takes the kitchen knife, and presses the tip into the flesh of his wrist.
One of Andrew's hands flicks out, and Wayne's mouth suddenly gushes blood.
Andrew falls down onto his butt, a little exhausted, but as he gets up he is abruptly attacked by a guard dog, which bites him twice before he's able to fling it off.
She fires.
The police detectives rush the room, reacting with horror to the gore that was Andrew's father.
Casey is chasing Matt across the lawn to her car, her voice filling with panic, the camera being held offhanded now, unimportant.
The car SUDDENLY ROCKETS INTO THE AIR, straight up, flipping end over end, past the tops of the buildings, and then comes to a stop, hanging at about two hundred feet.
And then suddenly, so suddenly it's completely disorienting, the side of the car bursts apart and we're flying, blurred views of buildings, the sky, the side of some jeans...  Stillness.
Matt's feet suddenly go out of frame.
He watches in horror as the helicopter Andrew hit goes out of control, falling out of frame.
CALA, filming from her apartment window, watches in shock and horror as the police car, carried by its momentum, is sent FLIPPING INTO THE AIR, and we glimpse it as it passes her window, lights still flaring.
The camera zooms in and hits them both with a spotlight, causing Matt to shield his eyes and look up, scared, as Andrew struggles to stand.
We're at street level in downtown, people are absolutely everywhere, wandering out into the street, baffled, scared and looking for answers.
Something around the corner explodes, and Matt comes flying past overhead, slightly on fire, before Andrew comes lunging at Matt, catching him, twisting out and over the camera man, Andrew lifts Matt up high into the air, scraping him against buildings on either side of the street, bouncing like a pinball until- -Matt struggles, and there's a visible ripple in the air; a massive concussive burst, sending both of them rocketing downwards as though shot out of a cannon.
We're with them as they approach; the mood is of barely controlled panic, officers shouting back and forth to each other.
The blacked out glass suddenly shatters, and falls out of its frame, revealing a shocked, frightened room of high ranking military personnel, along with several men in civilian clothes.
All around we can see people panicking, and we see two cars collide on the road up ahead.
Kim yells in fear.
He looks at ring, swallows, then: Burns and Hildy.
The waiter takes it; they shake.
Gus, who has just managed to come between Hildy and Burns, lets out a startled "ouch".
A doctor is applying a stethoscope to his chest.
Doctor suddenly realizes what he's said and looks up.
He comes over to shake hands.
watching.
She lashes out at them.
A police lieutenant with her in b.g.
She hangs up.
Hildy stands paralyzed, her bundle in her hand.
She hangs up.
He struggles.
He hangs up.
She hangs up.
She hangs up.
The Sheriff, with shaking hands, opens and begins to read the thing.
He suddenly realizes what he's said and sprints for the door.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
Hildy tense with anxiety, her eyes on Mollie, off.
Her scream of terror is heard as she drops.
Hildy turns, shaken, back into the room from the window and sees advancing to her across the room Walter Burns.
She resumes her typing, then suddenly realizes the situation and jumps up.
She struggles.
In the struggle, Hildy suddenly drops her purse.
Mrs. Baldwin indignantly shakes her off.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
She holds it tightly clasped in her hand, afraid to look.
RUMBLINGS make him cross the street to avoid the danger.
Charlie, frightened, turns another corner onto: He approaches a 3-story Victorian home, in which he has an apartment on the second floor, he notices a light on in his window.
He freezes, terrified.
Tony is doing three-sixties, scoping out beauties, when suddenly his roving eyes lock on a police car directly behind them.
Charlie approaches a door.
They are both fast asleep.
Suddenly, she begins to speak.
They continued down the boardwalk stand in front of a House of Horrors.
The "KEEPER OF THE THRESHOLD" so described in a poorly written sign, is an overweight man in his late twenties, wearing jeans and a denim jacket and a little bit of scary makeup.
THUNDER.
She is sound asleep.
Charlie picks up the pace, scared of what he might hear next.
A nervous anxious "what the hell am I getting myself into" look on his face.
Harriet offers him the shake.
He's scared to close his.
Charlie stands outside the announcement office, terrified.
Suddenly he finds himself face to face with Sherri.
He races up to the door and starts to bang and knock and ring...
They are getting their blood tests back.
Charlie is nervous.
Charlie looks nervous.
As they deal with the luggage, Harriet starts to walk away from the hotel, away from the car, rain falling on her head.
Charlie turns slowly to Harriet, genuinely scared.
He's scared out of his mind.
Suddenly both of them are lifted into the air.
Harriet watches Charlie very closely, as Charlie looks scared.
The bellboy is frightened and runs away.
Harriet pulls Charlie back into the room, frightened that he's leaving.
Suddenly the power goes off again.
Tony breaks into the room with his gun drawn.
He stops in horror when he sees Harriet, glances back to the pursuing Rose, and rushes off.
He then gets down on his knees on the roof and starts to climb down the side of the drainpipe to get her.
He rolls back his head, his legs turning to jelly, his eyes widening in horror.
AND WITH that, the GHOST drives the bloodstained knife into Ben's heart, causing a vicious eruption of crimson.
The true costumed horror film buffs in the audience break into applause.
The GHOST is gone.
She's timid, with short dark hair.
Dewey examines it, his fear slowly growing.
The second, bigwig horror producer JOHN MILTON, a creepy fifty-something with penetrating eyes and a menacing demeanor.
She's wearing a tattered, blood soaked night shift.
Sidneyreaches out to touch them when suddenly -- THE GHOST springs up behind the window, shatters the glass panewith his fist.
SID crawls out of bed, disappearing out of the room.
Two ugly scars run up Sid's wrists.Battle Scars of a war waged between her own personal demons if you wish.
It's desolate.
Sarah continues further down the hall when suddenly -- TYSON comes reeling out of a doorway, a huge knife jutting out his back, blood trickling down his mouth.
The phone rings scaring the shit out of Sarah.
A pause, then a familiar dark natured noise enters our ears, the killer's sinister voice.
THE PROP knives, hit the ghost, and bend as they bounce off his body and onto the floor.
The ghost drives his knife into Sarah's chest, once, twice, and delivers a final killing blow to her Adam's apple.
Sid passes up a road sign indicating LOS ANGELES - 64 MILES The lot Is crawling with police vehicles.
Gale pushes Tom's chest.
Stopping him.
Tom screams, staggers backwards right into the arms of -- ghost grabs him by the throat, begins choking him mid-air.
He slowly begins to lift him off his feet, angling the knife, readying to make the kill blow.
Suddenly, a knock at the door.
THE GHOST comes running out of closet, knife swinging wildly.
The ghost lunges for Gale.
The GHOST takes six slugs In the chest.
The ghost barrels out from under the couch, knife raised.
Dewey and Gale run for the patio when suddenly -- JENNIFER comes dodging out of the kitchen wielding a butcher knife.
They scream.
Bianca shakes her head "no".
SUDDENLY -- WHAM!
The storage closet door flies open and a second GHOST comes charging out, knife gleaming.
The GHOST goes reeling back into the closet.
She dives for the door knob when suddenly, the first ghost comes running back at her.
Desolate.
Dewey and Gale look up and scream as -- THE GHOST rushes out of the shadows.
The GHOST jams his knife in her back.
GALE and DEWEY share a terrified scream.
The killer winds back, cracks the base of the knife across Dewey's skull.
She screams again.
She screams.
The GHOST comes charging out of nowhere, slashes open Kincaid's throat, stabs him in the chest.
Sid's face floods with fear.
She rushes towards the office door when suddenly, the voice draws her back, angrily and cautioning.
Sidney creeps through the darkened, abandon lot.
Sid steps through the dark sets.
A knife splinters through the door, inches from Gale's face.
The second Ghost grabs Gale, holds the knife to her throat, stopping her in her tracks.
STANDING across the set is THE GHOST, knife raised.
Angelina drops the knife.
The laundry room door swings open and the GHOST emerges, KNIFE in hand.
He buries the knife deep into Roman's chest, sending him flying backwards.
The Mean Dude holding the guitar case is frozen with fear.
Mariachi is suddenly sleeping in the dirt.
Mariachi then turns the guy's gun on him and shoots him in the chest.
She jams the knife down between Mariachi's legs.
CLOSEUP of the knife.
Weapons adorn it, with each knife, each gun in its pocket, in its own place.
He hears a noise and pulls it aside.
He is frantic.
She applies it to Mariachi's body scars on his back.
He washes the blood from his face.
Azul is anxious now.
Azul had his hands to his side, and now he falls to his knees.
He shoots Moco in the chest.
Sailor and Lula lay on the bed in the Cape Fear Hotel listening to the fan creak.
In the middle of the kiss, the womans creepy/crazy laugh is heard again in the distance and Lulas eyes snap open with a kind of fear.
Suddenly everything is deathly quiet.
Lula lays in Sailors arms.
We see Aunt Rootie cross the kitchen - take the knife away from Dell and lead him out of the kitchen.
As he crosses the bar...  Johnnie goes over to Reggie and Drop Shadow and shakes hands.
Lula and Sailor cruise the dark streets.
The kids look worried and take a step back.
There are a dozen tables and a long bar in the room which is done up in a strange dark azquatic motif.
She kisses him on the nose and walks back through a dark little door to the payphone.
She hangs up.
Johnnie enters as Marietta hangs up the phone - covering her fear.
She also feels the fear.
Johnnie jumps as Drop Shadow blows a big hole in the far wall in front of Johnnie.
Lula and Sailor are driving through the dark desert.
Lula suddenly feels sick to her stomach and slumps down on the edge of the bed.
She tries to stand, but Bobby keeps his right foot on her chest while he blows the back of his wounded wrist.
Lula pulls the Camaro into in the station parking lot and kills the engine.
Suddenly, she pulls over to the side of the road, turns off the engine and gets out of the car.
Sailors eyes suddenly see the Good Witch through his closed eyelids.
Sailor opens his eyes and drags himself and his giant swollen nose up on his feet.
Family is suddenly silent as they uneasily look up in surprise at MOM's ferocious attack.
ACKERMAN begins to creep up the steps.
STUBBINS' suddenly terrified expression.
Suddenly MR.
LU-ANN, the only eye-witness, runs away in fear.
MOM peels out and once in main parking lot resumes waving innocently to other parents as she flees.
Suddenly a scream from outside is heard.
MOM looks up in sudden fear as LU-ANN, the trashy pot-smoking girl who witnessed murder appears on screen.
CHIP looks up from reading "Fangoria Magazine" and listens in horror to his mother's distant moaning.
MOM continues tracking the bird in her binoculars until she freezes in horror at the sight of MRS.
Suddenly the phone rings with jangling intensity.
CHIP is sound asleep.
Freezing in horror, MOM then lunges for MRS.
Suddenly MOM sees the friendly GARBAGEMEN waving to her from truck.
DOTTIE freezes in horror when she recognizes the P-word in MOM's voice.
PERVERT zips up in a panic and flees bathroom in fear.
CARL screams in horror as MOM pulls out fire poker with his liver skewered on the end.
MOM looks horrified at the liver and tries to shake it off poker, panicked that someone will come into men's room.
BRADFORD looks up into MISTY's horror filled face and turns in suspicion to DET.
ACKERMAN looks in sudden fear at MOM. MRS.
ACKERMAN gulps in horror.
Suddenly MISTY runs into video shop in hysterics.
MISTY looks at her mother in terror.
MISTY pales, DAD looks at MOM in fear.
ROOKIE COP sits in cop car on surveillance duty watching the Sutphin house in eery silence.
Family is squirming in their seats in nervous silence.
MISTY suddenly bolts from table and runs towards kitchen.
from outside a suburban house.
Suddenly a mouse scurries out of shoe and runs across floor as MRS.
STERNER runs up stairs, suddenly alarmed.
STERNER runs in, sees the grisly sight and screams in horror.
MOM suddenly pulls scissors out of MRS.
STERNER turns and runs in fear as MOM gives chase, grabbing the scissors out of the wall.
HINKLE look up in amazement as they see the Sutphins pull into church parking lot followed by string of police cars.
BABY'S MOTHER screams in horror at seeing her BABY's face and the entire congregation1 thinking she's been attacked by MOM, dives to the floor in terror.
DAD looks for MOM in a panic and realizes she has vanished.
CHIP cringes in fear as hordes of COPS surround his family until he is relieved to see that MOM has escaped.
MISTY gives "dramatic" poses of "fear" and "horror" as cute REPORTER snaps her picture excitedly.
CHIP and BIRDIE exit in a panic and run up the street.
A carving knife slices through leg-of-lamb on kitchen table.
Her eyes immediately go to gleaming butcher knife on table.
CHIP and BIRDIE stand outside looking up at house in fear.
MOM changes her mind, puts down knife and goes back into kitchen.
MOM zaps the off button and softly sings to herself in the sudden silence.
SCOTTY lets out a terror-filled scream.
BIRDIE screams in horror and falls to the ground.
SCOTTY runs, looking over his shoulder, horrified to see MOM chasing him with a butcher knife.
BIRDIE and CHIP run in fear across suburban back lawns.
MOM turns to them with knife.
Suddenly SCOTTY roars by in his car with MOM in hot pursuit.
SCOTTY is looking over his shoulder in fear as he nears the entrance waiting in line with grunge-metal kids.
A parents' nightmare.
SCOTTY is running toward stage in terror, looking over his shoulder and seeing MOM gaining on him.
BRADFORD look to the stage in horror.
DAD gasps in fear.
Police matrons lunge at DOTTIE as she leaps from witness box to attack MOM.
ACKERMAN as she runs in terror from courthouse with GUS and SLOPPY chasing after her.
MOM looks back in sudden fear at the prospect of this mystery witness.
The spectators burst into spontaneous applause as DAD looks at the kids in fear at the upcoming verdict.
MOM suddenly bludgeons JUROR #8 over the head with the telephone receiver.
A JUROR down the hall screams in horror as she opens phone booth door and a bloody white shoe pops out.
FARRAH FAWCETT looks back at MOM in sudden fear.
The rest of the cavemen look nervous.
The toughest of the bunch steps forward, pounds his chest and grunts.
Everyone in the village is asleep.
"Loser caveman" is practically shaking with fear.
Mark looks worried.
Suddenly Mark jumps and runs to his kitchen table.
Mark turns his head to see Shelley, standing down the hall, terrified, staring at Mark.
Anthony is scared to touch it.
Mark's face melts in terror.
Mark bursts into the hospital room to find his grandmother, MARTHA looking tired and scared, hooked up to dozens of machines, the heart monitor beeping ominously.
Suddenly the heart monitor starts beating rapidly and Martha lurches in pain.
Mark looks at Jennifer and Greg with fear in his eyes.
A rumble of terror moves through the crowd.
There's a hubbub throughout the crowd: "It's like baseball", "I love baseball" "I'm scared of the bad place".
One of the crying men, shaking like a leaf, stands up, with terror in his eyes.
Mark looks worried.
He's watching the TV with a bit of worry on his face.
Once finished, she folds up the letter and hurriedly leaves, scared and confused.
There is a sigh of relief from the room.
In a moment he is sound asleep.
There is a scream.
Smith shakes his head "no".
Suddenly SUPERIMPOSED over it in large figures is: GROUP SHOT - Smith looks at Him and Muriel who are looking at the house with unabashed affection.
Smith's face suddenly brightens as a weatherbeaten old car appears, turns up the driveway, stops.
The Blandings are now considerably shaken.
Tesander shakes his head, "No."
Tesander shakes his head, "No."
After a couple of steps, Jim stops, suddenly aware of the painter.
Mary critically shakes her head "no", closes her eye.
Suddenly he reacts, snaps his fingers.
Mr. Tesander enters, cap in hand, stands there, nervous and embarrassed.
Stu shakes his head, no.
Then he hangs up.
Stu shakes his head, no.
The guys frown, starting to grow worried.
Beat.
They drive in silence.
Beat.
Stu and Alan recoil in terror.
The boys hurry into their room, stressed.
Then, a little scared, he nudges her.
Alan jumps back up, terrified.
Beat.
Stu and Alan are sweating, terrified.
Stu shakes his head, unbelievable.
Stu nods, focussed, nervous, like before a big game.
Stu shakes his head, wide-eyed, scared...
A beat.
Tears threaten in his eyes.
Alan nods, yeah, and gets in the car...  Vick's car races down a dark, abandoned desert highway.
The guys look tired, stressed, and most of all, scared.
Hefts it.
Alan ducks down, terrified, and floors the gas!
His two henchmen waddle up, highly concerned.
The guys start to despair...  Then...stepping out from behind an air-conditioning vent, naked except for tighty-whities, his entire body bright pink from sunburn...
They both scatter, terrified.
Vick inhales, scared.
Suddenly, Mini starts unzipping his fly.
Mini drives home, suddenly a SIREN is heard and she sees the FLASHING LIGHTS of a cop car behind her.
Mini goes back towards the front door, panicking.
Her mouth starts to move down his chest.
Suddenly, she realizes they aren't there.
Martin's eyes suddenly widen.
He's bent her over the table and is taking her from behind when, suddenly, the door flies open.
Diane turns around to see his car and a look of dread strikes her.
THE DOORBELL rings and Diane reacts like a dog in a thunderstorm, a jolt of fear coursing through her body.
She looks around the room at the disapproving eyes, panic setting in.
Mini and the two skatepunks giggle with glee at the terror they're inflicting.
D Panicked, she heads for an exit.
She stops, frozen in fear.
Diane is almost asleep when the phone next to the bed RINGS, waking her up.
HER POV: The figure stands silently, bringing the knife up, indicating that he's going to cut her throat.
Eyes wild with panic, Diane picks up the phone and dials 911.
Just then, from behind the gate, steps the AXE It shakes a finger "no" at her, as it walks towards the house.
Terrified, she slams the door, locking it behind her.
Suddenly, her eyes bulge as she sees THE KNIFE WIELDING FIGURE standing not ten feet away in the door to the kitchen.
The pushing on the door suddenly stops, but Diane is so disturbed, she doesn't notice through her sobs.
Martin looks up, the empty look in his eyes revealing a terrified mind already calculating the potential outcomes.
Mini looks at Andrews, her eyes suddenly starting to tear up.
Martin tries to remain calm, as the panic starts to settle in for a long stay.
Suddenly, she runs off stage.
The SIRENS suddenly stop.
Suddenly, it hits him.
A beat.
Suddenly, he stops kicking.
A black water snake, it must be almost three feet in length.
Then suddenly, the snake lunges at him, misses.
A beat.
A beat.
What's with these snakes?
He swims frantically for a beat before he's suddenly yanked under again.
fear on her face.
as she screams with fear and delight.
He approaches the body.
Kelly strains to disguise her extreme horror.
The still.
He stops.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
He screams.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Then drops over.
A beat.
A beat.
The boat is moving, being dragged quickly.
As Keough and Burke go to pull her aboard, we see a dark shadow rising.
Suddenly...  a shadow looms over him.
He's scared.
Kelly screams in horror.
Still visibly shaken.
Screams, panic, shouting, as the bear rears up on his hind legs.
Shock.
Their eyes are locked now, making her self-conscious and nervous.
And now they're concerned.
And now they're starting to panic.
Suddenly-- thrusting up out of the water.
As he drops in.
It does make him sufficiently nervous, however, to head for the surface.
Suddenly...  the croc's head rises up right behind Hector, who's oblivious.
Hector himself doesn't dare move, for fear of spooking the croc into action.
He deathly fears a quick movement will cause his life to be over.
He backswims ever so slightly.
We can hear the quaking fear in Hector's voice.
Then-- A beat.
The crocodile then suddenly thrusts up after the cow, snapping at air.
A beat.
Screams.
Screams.
Screams.
He's bleeding.
A beat.
She gulps.
He's frightened.
Annie walks in, anxious to break the spell of her radio reverie.
The woman has been a nightmare.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
He's stunned.
Walter fast asleep.
A beat.
A little nervous.
After a beat.
Jonah is horrified.
Suddenly Sam happens to look over to the window.
Victoria notices Sam glancing back at the house, aware that he's concerned about Jonah seeing them.
Suddenly she hears a HORN HONKING behind her.
Recognizing Sam from Wheedle's picture, Annie panics and speeds away, tires squealing.
watching.
Nervously.
watching.
In shock.
Sam heard the noise and turns to see what's going on.
They stop.
As they go out the door to: As they start down the street and go off into the distance.
And they stop.
She shakes it solemnly.
Still nervous.
Another period of silence.
The woman looks up to Chance, becomes very frightened.
Another period of silence.
The President is worried about what Rand is telling him.
A small, dark room.
As he speaks in Russian, Eve comes to the table, taps Skrapinov on the shoulder.
There is silence in the room.
Eve is worried, gets into the car.
The alarm clock at a distant end of the room suddenly bursts into a soft relentless buzz.
Behind him, the sudden noise of rushing tap water, then off.
The sudden jangle makes him start, and he closes his eyes briefly against the noise.
Walter looks up suddenly from his work, a strange sting of pain crossing his face.
He turns back again to his work, his face creased with anxiety.
He hangs up.
The Existentialist goes up the two little steps to the front door of the house and rings the bell.
Arnold has suddenly become voluble and is gabbing away at him.
The room is flooded in light again.
She stands abruptly and moves quickly past Helen out the kitchen doorway into the dark living room, leaving Helen standing troubled, concerned, in the kitchen.
The only noise for a moment is the soft crumpling of paper as Kenneth dries his hands.
He suddenly turns to Kenneth, stares at him.
This is a dark little street.
A dark, ill-lit hallway.
She starts to say something: She stops abruptly as Arnold, who is sitting, eyes averted, on a straight-back wooden chair, suddenly stands up and moves toward the door.
His hand makes a nervous, spasmodic, involuntary gesture, and he quickly clenches his fist.
Arnold's head has started to shake nervously, and he opens the door and steps out into the landing.
Charlie moves down the landing to Arnold, who looks at him wide-eyed, almost in terror.
Arnold is still trembling from the whole terrifying experience.
A man's voice suddenly calls down from an upper floor.
For a moment, the sudden, thick hostility fills the silence in the room.
After a moment, he mutters: Eddie suddenly, sulkily strides for the door of the bar.
After a moment, he turns and reaches forward, quite frightened, to touch her arm.
Charlie opens the door, and the three morose carousers go out into the dark street.
There is a sudden bellow off.
Then, suddenly, effortlessly, Arnold sinks down onto the floor -- out cold.
The apartment is dark.
They both crack up.
Austin wags his finger in a "oh, you" fashion, and then proceeds to knee him the balls.
FREAKS abound.
The it STOPS.
He is terrified and sweaty, eyes darting left and right.
scar on his cheek.
It knocks the head off a sculpture across the room.
Austin extends his hand, but misses and begins to shake the bimbo's breast.
Austin is in a dark penthouse suite.
We see stock footage of a Russian warhead.
We cut into a close-up of RUSSIAN SOLDIERS being taken prisoner by VIRTUCON SOLDIERS in the front of a military vehicle.
Austin is genuinely frightened by this.
They are stunned.
They approach the security GUARD.
Watch me, now.
SECURITY GUARDS flood into the room from the hallway.
The guard do so.
He hangs up.
Austin is overcome.
A PHALANX of Dr. Evil's soldiers run beside it.
The commandos split into two groups and lob grenades at the PRIVATE ARMY SOLDIERS who are guarding the stairs leading to the catwalks.
The tip of the spinning probe suddenly strikes the floor of the chamber and burrows into the earth with atomic force.
They see Austin and throw down their weapons, pulling out KNIVES.
The computer goes dark.
Alotta pulls out a knife.
He does a frightening grin, displaying the AWFUL TEETH.
The door shakes and the chains are strained.
MAX is paralyzed with terror.
Vanished.
Max is about to slap RETURN but he stops himselfhe's nervous.
Max shakes his bead.
Max jumps back in fear.
Ephraim prays in the background.
The sound is warped and grows and morphs until it's downright scary.
Suddenly, Max hears a train's HONK HONK behind him.
The Hebrew letters suddenly switch to their numerical counterparts.
Then he lifts his hand to slap the RETURN button, but a sudden wave of fear stops him.
He rubs his scar.
He has uncovered a light scar on his head.
He grabs his scar as he vomits blood into the sink.
He reloads the gun and fires it right into the scar on his head, where the pain is coming from.
A fleshy scar sits on his scalp above his right ear.
But as he gets closer he suddenly feels mercy.
Suddenly, he's overwhelmed with fear.
Max dives under a car and crawls for terror.
Suddenly Jake and Brad grab him and drag him out.
Farroukh threatens Marcy and the other tough guy, who retreat in fear.
Farroubk is afraid as well, so he doesn't quite leap on them.
Blood flies up into his face.
Max is anxious to hear the end of the story.
Wondrously, Max rubs the scar on his head.
He attacks Euclid furiously.
The stress leases from his brow and his shoulders sag.
He suddenly opens his fear filled eyes.
It's the wind doing that.
Oh, he has a nervous breakdown.
No, I was afraid I'd lose Phil if I went.
I'm gonna go up there tomorrow too.
And dark and twisted.
He'll kill you.
I gotta go to the hospital.
Parasite.
I'm nervous.
You're so fucking afraid it makes me sick.
I'm in shock.
I can't keep him in the dark about somethin' this big.
Nah, it's stress.
I can worse.
But, still.
We were gettin' worried about ya! Sorry.
A DOCTOR and two nurses stand over Hal, everyone's nervous.
It's the middle of the night, Hal is connected to many I.V.s in both arms, still disoriented, he's tangled up in the tubes, trying to pull them out of his arms.
In the dark I.C.
They hang up.
They lay down, she takes his arm and pulls him into spooning her.
A NURSE suddenly enters.
She shakes her head no, the party stops, she leaves.
Elliott drives along-side Oliver who's walking with a spray paint can, terrified as he's never done this before.
She stops.
Gets up, nervous, and walks past Oliver into the next room.
The trucks lay on their horns as they pass, scaring and thrilling them.
He gets up, works his way through the dark house.
Oliver can only sit and worry.
Oliver approaches seriously, this makes Andy nervous, he stops his workout.
Andy's relieved he got this off his chest, all tension is relieved for him, Oliver is just confused.
The three enter, the phone is ringing, Anna is staring at it with dread.
They hang up.
They climb it's structure, it's high and a bit scary.
He disappears.
Oliver looks overwhelmed by this ghost.
He looks back at Hal, ready to fight him more, but for the first time we can see fear and doubt in Hal's face.
LATER THAT NIGHT: The room is dark, Oliver is asleep.
Anna sits in the dark and smokes.
CUT TO LATER: All the guys spread out across the parking lot looking for Arthur who must of fled during the explosions.
Hal's hiding something, he doesn't look Oliver in the eyes when he asks...  Oliver shakes his head no.
They shake hands and she leaves.
She's nervous, but tries to get over it.
Nervous at Oliver's look, feeling in trouble, she tries to reconnect.
He pulls out his phone and calls her.
Oliver's alone in the kitchen, his head on the table - asleep.
They missed each other.
In the other - A DARK SHAPE, we can't quite tell what it is.
The Killer now picks up the dark shape in the Body's hand, and we see it's - A BRIEFCASE.
THE BODY suddenly twitches -- this guy is not quite dead.
Rain-slicked cobblestones gleam in a twinkling of streetlight.
And in those hands - A KNIFE.
And he watches.
There is a BEAT.
One he clips between the eyes, the next in the heart, one in the groin, and then the last target - He SPLITS DOWN THE MIDDLE, firing shot after shot from the head to the groin until the target is sheared in half.
A CAR sits, cloaked in shadows.
Once again we see the Watcher's knife -- once again he manicures his nails with it, almost delicately, as he watches the House.
It's dark -- a single light glows behind a window on the third floor.
Suddenly Swede pulls Gregor down to the rooftop with a harsh THUD.
And as soon as he is, we notice something strange about Gregor: he's not the least bit scared -- he laughs a little low laugh as we - GRAY LIGHT seeps in from the horizon, while inside in - Deirdre is pulling her dress over her head.
BANG.
A BEAT.
BEAT.
The Hand flies up in the Dapper Gent's face, and we notice that the Hand is starting to rot -- it's bloated and swelling and horrific and it scares the shit out of the Dapper Gent, who drops his gun and fumbles with the Briefcase as - THWPFFT... we hear the sound of another silenced shot as we - A DARK STAIN splashes against the passenger side window of the jeep.
BEAT.
BEAT.
From the dark in here, he can look out and see - THE GUNMEN, who make plain targets, backlit as they are by the sun.
EDVARD, the more dangerous looking of the two Gunmen responds.
CUT TO THE GUNMEN'S POV: Looking into the Tunnel - It's dark, they can't see a thing, but they've heard Sam's voice and they know something's wrong.
But there's no time to ponder this because they've been joined by - A COP.  He's a local guy, he directs traffic and busts drunks in the town square -- and he's scared shitless, holding his gun in both hands, trying not to tremble, as he stares back at - TWO GUNS, Sam's and Vincent's, and they're both pointed at the Cop.
BEAT.
Vincent pours a healthy splash of rubbing alcohol onto the wound and - Sam grits his teeth as the pain explodes up his central nervous system.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
THE CAR zooms off into the night and as it does - A LIGHT RAIN starts to fall and we - THE SAME RAIN falls, more of a steady mist than a rain.
We hear VOICES, and they're talking in - RUSSIAN.
ARMED RUSSIAN MOBSTERS everywhere -- a convention of the goon squad.
BEAT.
Suddenly one of the Guys turns a corner and sees - Nothing.
Suddenly, from Off Screen - ANOTHER ANGLE - Deirdre has appeared, her gun leveled at the two men.
And the Boat is still there.
But it's too late: Gregor steps out from behind - A BOATHOUSE, and before Deirdre can even figure out what happened, Gregor has her in an arm lock, a gun to her head.
He collapses against a stone wall, chest heaving, shaking out two cigarettes, one for himself and one for Sam.
Dying.
Images of the WAR OF THE WORLDS broadcast and panic: listeners huddling next to their radios; telephone switchboards lighting up; New Jersey State Motorcycle Troopers zooming down rural roads; cars clogging the highways.
His nickname in Hollywood is "The Tiger" -- both for his admired tenacity and his feared temper.
As we hear: Shots of Welles with LOUELLA PARSONS and HEDDA HOPPER Louella is a much-feared gossip columnist.
A beat.
We see the twin joy and terror of walking the tightrope, of sheer creation.
Welles watching scenes in a screening room, his feet up, exhausted, almost asleep, a cigar dangling from his lips...
Welles is now fully asleep.
A beat.
And again towering.
She nods and leaves the room We linger on Hearst, his expression dark and dangerous.
We see the other guests, horrified and afraid to even so much as glance at Hearst.
Then: A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Welles bows solemnly to Mank Later that night, Welles is about to climb into his limousine outside the nightclub with Rita Hayworth when Schaefer suddenly appears and grabs his lapel.
One of his hands is bleeding.
With a frightened moan Welles flings the entire deck away from him and bolts out of the room...  Welles emerges from a stairway on the roof of his hotel.
A nasty bruise on his chest marks the spot where the squib was.
An outsider.
Jake looks up as the OLDER MAN MORPHS into LIONEL DOLBY, the nervous mark from the earlier con.
Gordo approaches, dressed in a suit and looking slightly anxious.
Gordo lying in a pool of blood...  Big Al sits cowering at a table... Miles casually washing glasses...  Dolby turns to Jake, eyes wide, lips trembling in fear.
He shakes his fist in pain.
Jake takes a nervous look over at Lily, who is drying on earrings with another Salesperson.
He and Jake shake hands.
She pulls a knife, but it's only a butter knife.
She      goes flying back into the far wall, bounces off and lands     with a THUD at Harlin's feet where she finds the butter     knife.
Gordo walks across the street with the suitcase and pulls a cell phone from his pocket.
He approaches a building with the words "BANK OF THE CAYMENS" engraved over the brass handled doors.
Suddenly the STALL DOOR FLIES OPEN.
Butch disappears down the dark alley.
The women surround Guido and he loses himself and his anxiety in their collective embrace.
Horrible.
Guido looks at the ringing phone, but the nurse has his arm in her grip as she takes his blood pressure for the second time.
Guido lunges for the ringing phone, with the blood pressure cuff still on his arm, and picks it up.
The Nurse, still taking his blood pressure and listening to his pulse, is concerned about Guido's vital signs.
He attacks the phone call with gusto.
They crawl through a small opening in the wall and approach an abandoned bunker...  ...Young Guido takes a step forward toward the bunker, as the other boys fearfully take a step back.
A dark vamp begins.
He suddenly can't breathe... Carla is suddenly aware that he's not in ecstasy...
Guido catches up to Luisa as she storms up the steps.
He disappears.
De Rossi comes out from behind his desk, approaches her.
Carla walks along the road in the dark, stumbling along.
Luisa suddenly laughs, disconcertingly.
Distressed.
Guido is concerned.
He's very anxious.
Another litany of jibes, half-joking, but dangerous.
The room goes dark, the next reel begins.
Walk towards the camera as if you were frightened.
Very nervous.
She begins her improv, but Guido interrupts her, suddenly appears in front of the camera.
There is silence in the room.
He heads up the steps towards the promenade and we catch a glimpse of the profound regret in his eyes - Guido waits, nervous, in a doorway across the street from a theatre that's presenting the Pirandello play, DIANA E LA TUDA, starring LUISA ACARI.
Suddenly a huge wave rolls out.
ROBBIE shakes his head "no".
His worst fears have been realized.
The guard shakes his head "no".
She shakes her head 'no'.
This room is creepy.
They stop.
They bring a trash can with them and begin gingerly clearing the table, acting as if they are afraid to get their hands dirty.
ALEX stops and turns suddenly.
He catches the wave and rides it more aggressively than COWBOY, but nearly falls at the end of his run.
The guards are anxious, but even they can't help moving to the cadence of the chant.
Suddenly TIFFANY drives up in her convertible.
And you missed it.
We watch the footage and suddenly Desi's BOYFRIEND enters.
She screams.
Two nurses enter the exam room.
A nervous Debbie approaches a hostess.
Or is that too hard to do with your high blood pressure?
She gets even quieter, scarier and more in his face.
That is not how we talk to each other in this house.
The shades are closed and the room is dark.
And it's certainly not bad for a parent to help out a child.
He rides down the street when suddenly a MAN IN A RANGE ROVER opens his door to exit his car and Pete slams directly into the man's car door -- hard, breaking the man's window and falling to the ground.
Striker emerges and freezes in terror.
He misses.
Suddenly, the plane rocks violently.
THUNDER and lightning -- plane is flying erratically.
THUNDER and lightning -- plane levels off.
A Spanish-speaking lady waits for her husband to translate the announcement, then panics.
When Carey enters, a big dog jumps on him with its paws on his chest.
Randy pushes up and shakes Mrs. Hammen by the shoulders.
The cockpit shakes.
As he makes introductions, they shake hands.
It knocks the radio tower off a building and heads past the John Hancock Building.
Kramer is suddenly aware of what Mrs. Oveur is doing.
Suddenly he realizes the plane is not stopping.
He throws his flashlight at the plane and runs off, terrified.
Billboard man is looking at plane, terrified.
Suddenly the ENGINES REV UP.
The Five strike an attack pose.
Stealthy dark shapes move in the foreground.
Shifu suddenly points the flute at a scared PALACE GOOSE.
Shifu looks up, concerned.
Shifu looks up, concerned.
He looks at the claw marks that still scar the wall and quickly looks away.
He yells.
Then...  SMASH!
They scream!
The camera adjusts to reveal the palanquin has collapsed under Po.
The terrified goose peers in.
The Goose is quaking in fear.
The commander grabs the chain and shakes the elevator, trying to scare the goose.
SQUEAK.
SQUEAK.
With a creepy tenderness, Tai Lung smooths the Goose's ruffled feathers.
CRASH.
The Five exchange worried looks.
In silence they eye each other.
The Five exchange quick, worried looks.
Monkey leaps into action, kicking Tai Lung in the chest and sending him crashing through the slats of the bridge.
Her eyes go wide with dread.
With a crash, he suddenly appears behind the Five.
Po looks utterly terrified.
With a gust of wind, Tai Lung appears before him.
They fight.
Shifu dodges each attack.
They fight.
Grappling in mid-air, Tai Lung gets his hands around Shifu's throat as they crash back through the roof.
The shockwave ripples through Po's entire body and Po's arms come back and strike Tai Lung, sending the leopard crashing back into a building.
He is still.
Po starts freaking out.
Various passengers, huddled uncomfortably, cold, asleep.
Suddenly, the humming ends and he stops and turns around, to see all the other kids just standing there looking at him.
Suddenly, there's a pop -- a tire is blown out.
A light rain falls.
Ben and Elena climb back in the car and close the doors, shivering.
It's half dark, has an air of old wealth.
The only other sound is the noise of the wind and rain lashing against the apartment's windows.
Nervous laughter.
There is a nervous shifting of weight on the male side of the room.
Wendy walks up the drive in the rain, pauses, then goes to the front door and knocks lightly.
The sound of the wind and the darkness begin to scare her.
Sandy begins to shake.
After a few moments, the train grinds to a halt, and Paul and his few fellow late night passengers are left in near total dark, with only the light of an emergency exit sign above Paul's head to light the scene.
An emergency vehicle, lights flashing, crawls by Ben's car.
Various passengers asleep.
The noise wakes Sandy up.
Wiry and anxious, Morgan listens to Chuckie's horror stories with eager disgust.
A beat.
A beat.
Will flinches.
A beat.
Will is helpless.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
She emerges.
A beat.
Stops him.
Will is nervous.
Returning to the bed: Will lifts his shirt, revealing a six inch SCAR on his torso.
A beat.
A beat.
Jacob wipes at his head wound, frightened.
Suddenly, Malee bursts into her mother's office.
His enthusiasm suddenly turns to worry.
Suddenly, a FLAMING COCKTAIL comes flying through the window.
He screams, terrified.
There is terror on her face.
Concerned, one of them crosses over to her.
They shake hands.
Ashley lies asleep, wrapped up in a bundle of blankets.
Grace walks through the hallway half asleep.
Jacob pulls away, unsettled and bit frightened.
Ashley crosses to the kitchen sink.
A beat.
He knows where this is going, and he's suddenly nervous.
Suddenly, he starts coughing, hard.
Suddenly, she sniffs at the air.
A heavy rain begins to fall as Jacob rides up.
He works frantically, fearing Jacob's return.
Suddenly, Jacob stops in his tracks.
Jacob shakes, frightened and reluctant to do what he believes he has to do.
His hands shake violently.
Parrish is about to make some reassuring comment to Quince when the Voice suddenly intrudes: A respectful silence, the elevator continues downwards, suddenly the Voice intrudes again: Parrish grunts bizarrely, Susan notices and reacts: Parrish's eyes dart about, confirming no one has heard a thing but him.
Parrish resumes looking at the folder when suddenly the pain comes again.
Suddenly Parrish's symptoms sharply intensify, he is sinking to the floor but somehow grabs a corner of the desk, holds on with one hand, with the other clutches at his shoulder and arm, the pain has violently seized the upper part of his body.
Suddenly, the Voice cuts in: Parrish's head snaps, startled by the SOUND.
His eyelids flutter, nonplused, edgy and fearful.
Parrish is on the edge of his seat, struggling to hide his panic.
Parrish, spinning with anxiety, tries to summon up his courage to go as Allison continues: Finally Parrish rises from the table, starts out.
Parrish is shocked, stunned, terrified at the word, by what he has comprehended.
A sudden silence between them.
Easter's fearful gaze remains locked on him.
He stops.
A sense of foreboding falls over Joe's face, his fear that he is passing through some barrier, a point of no return.
The silence is broken by a KNOCK on the door.
The door flies open, an anxious Allison appears.
Now she stops again.
As it lays on the asphalt.
Suddenly, the man snorts and turns his face...
The man's eyes snap open in terror as he looks directly into CAMERA.
For the first time, Martin looks scared.
Marcella looks concerned.
Beat.
blows past CAMERA and on down the road.
He gets out, looking nervous.
Beat.
Beat.
Martin gets the fear, breaks it off.
They shake.
All are confused.
Paul suddenly swerves to the shoulder, jams the brake, and turns on Martin.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She hangs up.
Beat.
Suddenly, Martin turns the wheel and pulls into a gas station parking lot, halting next to a pay phone.
Bob is looking sad and scary.
His eyes lock onto who is frozen, horrified for a moment.
She flees.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
He is dead.
We watch her ascend and Jeanne comes in the DARK ROOM and heads straight for the window.
Jeanne RUNS through the crowd IN A PANIC dodging people.
Scared, she pushes on.
Tom wanders back over to Jeanne while Olympia and the Crew continue to SCARE OFF THE KIDS in the b.g..
Rosa's mother STANDS, SCARED.
She STORMS into the kitchen.
They sit FACE TO FACE, he holds her shoulders and stares into her eyes.
He runs down the street in the rain looking for her.
We suddenly see Paul.
He crouches down.
She shakes her head NO.
She grows more and more SERIOUS and SCARED.
Lester suddenly turns to Jane.
A beat.
A beat.
Lester is suddenly alone in the stands, spellbound.
She turns suddenly, sensing our presence.
He grabs Jane's phone and dials, then stands with the receiver to his ear, nervous.
Suddenly, the SHOWER is turned off in the next room.
A beat.
CLOSE on Lester: his eyes narrow slightly, then: He cups her face in his hands and kisses her.
Panicked, Lester scurries down the hall.
Then suddenly the DRAPES CLOSE and she's gone.
A beat.
He heads into the house.
The Colonel watches them go, his eyes dark.
A beat.
As he takes a drag off a joint, the GARAGE DOOR suddenly starts to open.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
We see the BURNHAM'S HOUSE below us as we APPROACH it steadily.
The scars on his face are almost gone now.
Wind whips garbage across the parking lot as Carolyn's Mercedes pulls in next to Buddy's Jaguar.
We suddenly HEAR a BEEPING noise.
She moves away, suddenly insecure.
He runs his free hand over his chest...  and then he glances at us, suddenly aware he's being watched.
Suddenly we HEAR MUSIC coming from the other room.
A beat.
This is not the mythically carnal creature of Lester's fantasies; this is a nervous child.
Then a GUNSHOT suddenly rings out, ECHOING   unnaturally.
Angela turns, frightened.
Carolyn enters, terrified, still clutching her PURSE.
She screams out.
This is the bleached smile of fear--true fear--the awful state of having lost your way.
He hangs up.
They begin the rhythmic clapping of impatience--having become a line, they now threaten to become a mob.
Suddenly, he is attacked by the villain brandishing an electric meat dismembering tool.
Matt and the Marshal exchange a look of mutual horror.
Music building--then calming, the worst is over.
She attempts to cover her fear.
She hangs up.
Burke sits on the edge of the bed, fearful.
Lucy takes several steps toward Matt, who obviously fears the looming exchange.
As he overhears their conversation and the words begin to register in all their horror.
He hears a loud voice coming from his own throat.
Matt's manner is threatening.
Matt totally there...  this is major for him, then he does something sensitive... reads her concern over the depth of his need and interest and shrugs, indicating he can't help it.
Burke in back as his anxieties gnaw away.
She has betrayed him and is ashamed; in a strange way--terrified.
As he hangs up...
Jeannie is scared.
She hangs up.
Jeannie looks afraid.
As he hangs up.
Jeannie is nervous and uncertain...
She begins to shake her head, "no."
Ruby beam goes dark.
Nervous X-Net Senior Staff.
Ceramic components STRESS and CRACK.
Rush clenches his seat, terrified.
BEAM ARRAY scans Rush's body, reducing it to bits - Meg worries - Sinclair dives for cover - PLASMA BALL engulfs Quantum Digitizer.
Rush's electrified body hurtles across the void, eyes filled with TERROR and AWE.
Rush approaches Krod.
Mega is astonished - and privately worried.
Rush, Krod and Mega head deep into an obsolete, abandoned region of low-rez circuitry.
I/O PORT walls ZAP ENERGY, STRESSING Rush's CONNECTION - Text appears: INTRUDER IS UPGRADED VERSION OF TRON.
I-Beem sees something - he PANICS, zapping away in characteristic streaks of airborne data.
I-Beem freaks, ZAPS away in his data beam as Romball crashes down.
Mega holds Rush tight, eyes filling with terror.
Mega worries.
Circuits go dark.
Rush, Krod and Mega hurry to see: I-beem zap-zap-zaps toward them, scared to death - Rush stows his disk on his back - Eaten away by memory leaks, like swiss cheese.
I- beem zaps, zags and reforms, scared out of his mind.
Lays eyes on Tron.
But Mega looks dreadfully worried.
Disks ready for attack.
But I-beem freezes, terrified.
I-beem panics, zaps away in an energy beam.
City descends into panic.
SUV Driver panics, pulls a hard turn and SMASHES a BUS.
Plexor's circuitry strobes in dark troubled hues.
But it soon goes dark again.
Mega worries: One-by-one, Fighters fail to power Tron's disk.
Tron's disk thunks the floor, goes dark.
Stops.
Another lethal fling and the remains Fighters fall.
She wraps her arms tightly around her chest, lifts her face to the sky, a half-smile threatening to break across her concentrated face.
The passenger across the aisle hears her, horrified!
As it disappears.
Pamela cannot contain her horror.
She turns them over in her hands before an enormous wave of panic washes over her.
The house is ramshackle and meagre.
She breathes a sigh of relief and closes the balcony doors.
She turns her face slightly to catch it at its best angle.
Goofy opens his arms to Pamela for a hug and she recoils in horror.
Pamela lies in the dark, the phone pressed to her ear.
Pamela folds her arms across her chest defiantly.
It's chaos.
Ginty is unnerved by her Travers' demeanor, she creeps around to the side of the house where she watches her father appears in the window of the washroom.
Pamela chokes back a sudden rush of distress.
Travers slams his fist on the bed, scaring Ginty.
Ralph dutifully does as he's told, looking over his shoulder for fear of being caught digging holes in Disney soil.
Ginty, Biddy and Moya sleep soundly, Ginty clutching the poem to her chest.
Shivering cold.
Travers eyes spring wide open in horror.
Pamela sits bolt upright in bed, panicked.
Pamela blows past Tommie's desk.
There's a knock at the door and she jolts awake, she doesn't know how long she's been asleep but it's black outside.
He's but a few steps out of the door when Tommie appears behind him.
Pamela is nervous, everyone else has someone with them but Pamela must brave the crowd alone.
She's suddenly lit by the flash of headlights going on and off.
The kitchen is small and a little grimy, its furnishings fatigued.
He presses against her.
She kisses him, suddenly, long and slow.
He waits impatiently, then pounds on the door.
On his third pound the lights in the house suddenly go on.
Elizabeth suddenly grabs his arm.
He hangs up.
Suddenly she realizes it's not Nick.
She suddenly trembles.
He heads into the house.
Beth suddenly embraces Carol.
She shivers.
She stops.
The car pulls out and disappears down the road.
Suddenly he bolts for his car.
After an instant of awkward hesitation they all shake hands with too much enthusiasm.
A car approaches.
He stumbles after her.
Beat.
Frank senses that they are a little concerned.
Beat.
Beat.
The kitchen is suddenly crowded with the Givings, Frank and April.
Silence settles over the room.
There are scars on his forehead.
April suddenly stands up.
He shakes it in her face.
They shake.
A beat.
Her body spasms with the need to be sick.
A beat.
As suddenly as it began, it's over.
She's utterly uninterested and it's making him nervous.
His panic mounts.
She SCREAMS.
A DROPLET of blood slides down her knee.
She is shaking more.
He's in shock.
Frank looks at Shep - his face is a terrifying blank.
Mr. Givings reaches up to his ear and SUDDENLY...  SILENCE... but for the faint sound of wind.
His face is scarred and thick around the nose...  His black hair shines and hangs in his eyes.
Rocky soaks his badly-swollen hands.
The heavy man looks frightened...
The man extends his coat again... Rocky suddenly grabs the man's thumb and bends him to his knees.
They pass through the beams of light cast off by weak flood lights located at the top of the school building.
Rocky and Marie exit the dark school yard...  Standing in the shadows of the building are three young muggers.
She looks frightened.
Rocky squints and looks nervous under the hot lights.
Paulie's bleary eyes reveal a fearful respect and slight resentment.
The NOISE is DEAFENING.
The frightened television crew slyly begins putting away their expensive equipment.
The room reeks of fear...  Apollo's eyes flick back and forth between Rocky and Dipper.
The colorful curtains glare in the dark room.
Paulie kicks the door out of frustration and appears to be bordering on a nervous breakdown.
Mickey is in his cluttered office above the gym...  the room is dark.
While doing situps, he pounds himself in the stomach with a dumbbell.
Rocky is led into Mayor Rizzo's office by an aide...  Rocky is very nervous as he approaches the mayor, who is seated behind his wide desk.
In the EXTREME CLOSE-UP several deep scars are SEEN.
Alone, Rocky is on his knee praying.
A wedge of uniformed guards knife down the aisle to the ring.
The SCENE GOES INTO SLOW MOTION...  Rocky releases a terrifying uppercut that opens a gash under Creed's eye.
His eyes are swollen shut.
The tide suddenly turns.
Fear radiates from his eyes.
Fearful that Rocky is in danger, Adrian tries to move forward.
Pinedo has panic in her eyes.
Talia is shaking her hair free from her helmet.
He whispers and gestures to Carlos and Nick, who suddenly show PANIC in their eyes.
Matsutani stares fear into the hearts of all but Larry.
She slows.
They stop.
She stops.
Mercedes is half asleep.
Bang.
What is going on behind those dark glasses?
Mercedes and Frances are ATTACKING the house with vacuums, cleaners, and fortitude.
The boy is alone and frightened, lost in the sweeping grandeur of the massive chamber.
The box unfolds like a spider, standing on its legs.
Suddenly -- a bright beam of green light shoots up from the spider -- the Senators are stunned -- the beam shoots to the high domed ceiling of the chamber and then cascades around the interior of the room, enveloping everything in a glowing shroud of green energy.
The Praetor stops suddenly -- as the flesh begins to melt from his face.
It disappears.
A beat.
A beat.
A voice, from the shadows: Donatra and Suran stop.
He is vampiric and lethal.
A beat.
Stops.
Then the head's eyes suddenly pop open.
He escapes.
They turn when Shinzon speaks from the shadows: Shinzon moves toward them a bit, becoming slightly more illuminated, the low light shining off his golden hair.
He hands the knife to Data.
She is frozen in horror.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Stop.
A beat.
A beat.
She sinks to her knees.
Overcome with emotion.
Picard and Riker watch, concerned.
Stops before them.
Security alert klaxons suddenly begin to howl and harsh Reman commands are broadcast through the corridors.
They sprint down the twisting, dark corridors -- Reman warriors suddenly appear before them!
His Viceroy again has his hand pressed to Shinzon's chest.
Shinzon strides quickly to his command chair, barking to his Viceroy: But before the Viceroy can move the Scimitar suddenly ROCKS -- attacked from somewhere!
The Reman crew is getting nervous.
She is in pain.
And the Enterprise attacks!
An alarm klaxon suddenly rings through the bridge.
The Viceroy attacks!
-- diving down on Riker -- his lethal Reman knife slashing through the darkness -- Picard stands...  watching the Scimitar maneuver into position.
It stops.
The Viceroy recovers quickly and coils for a final attack.
Doomed.
A beat.
Broken.
A look of panic crosses her face, and she starts rattling the doorknob harder.
Suddenly the doorknob comes off in her hand.
Relief turns to dread as they realize the other car isn't slowing.
Dead?
Suddenly he stirs, groaning.
She's starting to freak now.
Too risky.
A precipice.
His voice is swallowed by the dark.
When there's no response from her he puts his lips to the half-inch gap at the top of the stuck window.
She keeps her eyes down, focuses on her shaking fingers as they frantically dial her cellphone.
He rattles the door handle, starting to get panicked now.
Suddenly there's a loud BANG against the passenger side window.
She cowers inside, scared to death.
He stops.
Suddenly we see - A BLUR OF MOVEMENT outside the car's foggy REAR WINDOW...
She doesn't move, listening, her eyes bright with fear.
It's too dark to see much beyond the car's hood.
A STRANGER is walking away down the middle of the dark road.
There's a weird HUMMING noise in the air she can't place.
But the stranger just keeps shuffling toward the shoulder of the road, headed in the direction of the DARK STAND OF TREES beyond.
Her eyes keep cutting back and forth between him and the woods where the stranger disappeared, as if not sure which is the greater threat.
Suddenly she notices a trickle of blood coming from his head.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05                  40A.
She GASPS.
Her eyes go wide in terror and she starts to resist, but his grip is too strong.
She gives a little terrified whimper as he pulls her close, brandishes the scissors.
Suddenly, out of the gloom appears - A DARK FIGURE, moving by very near her.
She GASPS.
Scared as she is, she decides to follow rather than remain at the car by herself.
Climbing down into the ravine seems too treacherous, so the kids are forced to backtrack to a place several yards away where they can follow the DARK FIGURES into the: They follow the bobbing beam of the flashlight through the trees, in pursuit of the OLD MAN in black coat and fedora.
He reels in horror, trips, LOSES THE FLASHLIGHT as he goes sprawling.
No old men...  WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05                    52A.
He raises his frightened eyes to her slowly, and in doing so reveals his face.
A sludgy gargling noise comes from his throat and his mouth moves, as if he's trying to speak.
But instead of words emerging, his throat suddenly bulges.
She watches in horror as it emerges, blind and wriggling like a blood-fattened leech.
She SCREAMS.
He stops, wracked with pain, and doubles over with hands on knees to catch his breath.
He grabs her by the shoulders, shakes her.
They lie there, too frightened to sleep.
She stops him.
The cop is advancing toward her when suddenly he catches sight of something high on the hillside behind her that makes him stop.
Suddenly the guy appears brandishing a CROWBAR.
Her eyes cut to his, afraid, resistent to the very idea.
Shivers.
She shivers as a gust of wind blows a few snowflakes in.
She holds still, scared to move, scared to even breathe.
-- CLOSE ON his HAND working it's way up to her throat, forcing his thick hairy thumb between her lips and making her suck.
OUR GIRL's face as her eyes snap open and she bolts upright in the backseat, scaring the shit out of our guy.
But it's no use: the nightmare has her again.
Suddenly the radio SNAPS ON mid-song, scaring the crap out of him.
Our guy terrified.
A shadow moves by the WINDSHIELD and she gasps- As another shadow goes by in a blur past the BACK WINDOW and he gasps- The assault coming from everywhere at once now, the cop an elemental force, like the storm itself.
Our guy sits there frozen with fear, too scared to move, to even breathe.
Beat.
Suddenly the scuttling noises outside EXPLODE into to a full- blown assault.
The attack ends.
Leaving them sitting there in the dark in stunned silence.
She shakes her head, eyes full of fear.
Beat.
He's frightened.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05                 76A.
Suddenly he goes rigid in pain, his teeth clenched.
Which she's managed to catch.
Only to stop dead in her tracks as she nearly collides with- The joyriding teens killed on Christmas Eve 1958.
She reels away in horror, forced to take the long way back to the Oldsmobile.
One touch confirms her worst fears.
She shakes him harder.
Behind her, gravity pulls the heavy car door shut with a soft Suddenly her feet go out from under her as she hits a patch of ice.
Then her eyes widen in terror, she lets out a small whimper, and leaps into action.
Her eyes go wide as she suddenly realizes where he's headed.
The little girl shakes her head no.
Gigi breathes a SIGH of relief.
They shake hands awkwardly and Ben HEADS TOWARDS US.
Off Gigi - panic seeping in.
She turns to Janine, panicked, mouthing - "What does this say?".
And PANICS.
She hangs up.
Big silence.
The resemblance to Anna is scary.
He hangs up.
She's busted.
She's starting to freak Javier out.
Alex looks a little afraid.
Janine, clearly a little nervous, goes to straddle Ben at his desk chair.
Both bodies now lay silently in fresh pools of their own blood.
Mark lays motionless, while John, whose spinal cord has been severed by his brother's heartless attack, twitches spasmodically for a few moments after the shooting.
The car approaches a large imposing building which casts a dark shadow over the grounds.
[Laughs] Sorry, hun!
Overcoming her nerves, she places the bucket on the floor and starts mopping.
Suddenly her EYES snap open.
Suddenly a BLACK GLOVED HAND grabs her outstretched arm.
Lisa looks nervous.
Palmer holds up a makeshift knife.
A nervous Pemberton fumbles at his belt, trying to unhook a pair of handcuffs.
Suddenly the saliva turns to blood as he bites his own tongue off.
They said they were driven from the house by evil spirits.
Have you seriously never heard of the Amityville horror house?
He sinks the needle into a prominent vein and plunges the heroin into his blood stream.
Suddenly Ronald Senior feels cold metal pressed against the back of his head.
Ronald Senior's trembles with fear as he stares into his son's cold eyes.
Suddenly she reaches a picture of 13 year old Allison and her blood runs cold.
The Amityville haunted house.
I worry that perhaps you have been rather taken in by one of those delusions.
But as you've come to me with a concern of patient infraction and potential threat of violence, I am duty bound to investigate.
Mixter plunges the needle into her neck.
Patient X is asleep in the corner.
She starts to panic and rushes over to the small window.
Lisa slides down the wall, terrified.
CRASH!
Patient X clasps his hands to his eye which is now gushing with blood.
BANG!
Suddenly a WHITE LIGHT fills the room and ALLISON DEFEO materialises.
Suddenly SIRENS can be heard outside.
A dozen armed police officers rush towards the building.
Suddenly the police burst in.
Suddenly, from out within the darkness comes a mans low, raspy voice.
As they come on, Adam is nearly blinded by the sudden change from pitch black to bright white and squints in pain, holding up his arms to cover his face.
Dark circles are under his eyes.
Lawrences eyes adjust to the light and he sees across the room.
Then, his gaze starts towards the center of the room, as does Adams, who steps forward as much as he can, a look of horror on his face.
Lawrence in the meantime hops forward the best he can, studying the body with a look of fear and concern.
Adam kneels back down facing the pipe, pulling at his chains once more, but not with his prior panic.
The initial panic has worn off for now, replaced simply with fear and shock.
His panic is back, but not at full force like before.
It misses.
He misses.
Adam looks frightened but not sure of the entire meaning of the message.
As we get closer to her, we see long, strange, scar-like markings along each side of her mouth.
She is shaken, her eyes distant, never looking anyone, including Tapp, in the eye.
She stares at it, her moans a bit softer to match her fear and utter confusion.
She starts freaking out, pulling at it as much as she can, the camera movements once again fast and jerky around her.
The camera moves to a shot of the mans face, when...  HE OPENS HIS EYES AND STARTS TO WAKE UP.
He sees Amanda over him with a knife and his eyes widen; he tries to moan at her to stop, to not do what shes about to do, but she turns the knife upside down in both hands and quickly stabs down.
Blood splashes on her hands.
Back to interrogation room Amanda, the horror on her face growing, then back to the cell.
Suddenly from another corner of the room, a light comes on, revealing the puppet from the video in the corner.
She moves to the frosted glass double doors of her parents room, opening them both into the bedroom, where we see her mother, Alison, laying on her side, fast asleep.
He takes the stethoscope and holds the end to Dianas chest.
He puts the stethoscope back against Dianas chest and moves the gun up and down in front of her, then bringing it up to her mothers head.
Suddenly, a door is heard clanging open on the other side of the building, and the detectives spin to face the sound, guns ready.
Quick cut to Tapp starting to try to get up, holding his throat.
The shot shows a good view of the scar across his neck.
Then we see on the wall next to him a glow in the dark X painted on the tiles.
Lawrence turns and flips the lights back on, both of them wincing slightly at the sudden transition from dark to bright white, though not as much as before.
It is in a red robe and has a strangely shaped head with long, tangly dark hair.
It suddenly rushes upon him as hes distracted with his phone and grabs him.
Lawrence goes to the light, looks at the camera, suddenly flips off the lights.
He takes another drag then suddenly freezes, his head jerking and a strange gurgling sound coming from his throat.
His hand drops the cigarette and goes to his throat as he turns, still jerky and making a strange, almost squeaky choking sound in his throat.
Suddenly, a look of realization dawns upon his face.
Suddenly, from behind him, an EVIL DOLL LAUGH is heard.
Suddenly, the cell phone rings.
Suddenly, the hotel room phone rings.
The voice on the other end is male, slightly raspy.
Suddenly the shot cuts to Adam, who looks up at the clock with a very worried look.
Adams eyes widen and he starts to panic.
Suddenly, he snaps.
Suddenly the phone rings and he turns.
Adam watches with a terrified look, not knowing what to do.
Zep turns a corner, and Tapp runs to try to keep up.
Zep squeezes his way down, groaning as he suddenly drops down between Tapp and the wall, his gun aimed up at Tapp.
Adam watches him in terror.
Close up shot of John in his bed, eyes flickering open slightly.
A TERRIFYING GROWL approaches.
The cop cars screech up, surrounding the Batmobile.
Jay attacks the cameraman violently.
A large, scary Jesus statue, palms outstretched, stares at him from beside a fish tank.
She stops herself.
She stumbles.
Naomi shivers.
Naomi's panicking, searching desperately.
Naomi finds the truffle station and hits the panic button.
He stops.
A CRASH.
He looks, scared, at the building.
Arthur suddenly goes pale.
The room is dark.
He stops.
PASSERSBY are staring in horror at a yellow cab, its roof caved in, the DRIVER shaking in shock.
Off with his watch!
He screams.
Suddenly, Crabtree's face brightens again.
Like a nervous tic, James' hand- hidden-twitches against the modest bulk of the cap gun.
Poe regains his feet, but doesn't let go, whipping his head back and forth, back and forth, over and over, growling low, dark, and hideously from the back of his throat, until there is a sharp...  Poe YELPS, goes perfectly still, then topples heavily onto Grady's legs.
She points it-at Grady's chest.
She beckons with a finger, but Grady--Nervous at the sight of her glistening Mormon skin--merely pantomimes an exaggerated shrug and she points.
CRABTREE and James Leer sit at a dark corner table.
Sitting alone in the dark booth is a SMALL BLACK MAN with big hands, a face peppered with scar tissue, and--most noticeably--a tsunami of hair sprouting from his scalp.
Hannah snuggles closer, lays her head on Grady's chest.
He looks terrified.
As GRADY gets out of the car, Vernon places his hand on Oola's tummy.
GRADY watches them ail, sitting alone in his row, when suddenly Sara appears over James' shoulder.
GRADY'S POV - of the SKY...  ...dark and menacing.
Suddenly, a THUNDERCLAP shatters the silence.
Slows.
Stops.
There's a scar on his back.
He startles Bob awake as well, as he clutched at this back lifting his shirt to see the scar.
Chrissy lunges toward Jay, pulling a knife.
Suddenly another little JAY DEVIL appears in Jay's right shoulder.
They disappear in little puffs of smoke and Jay shoves his hand down his pants, getting ready to whip out his dick, when suddenly a little JAY ANGEL appears on his shoulder, rubbing a swollen jaw.
Sissy hands the decibel monitor to Chrissy and takes a few steps back, shaking her hands to limber up.
Suzanne covers her eyes with her hands suddenly.
Beside him are the other Suddenly Willenholly rushes up, dramatically ducking behind the car, gun drawn.
Jay, Suzanne, and Silent Bob peer over the top of their booth, like scared rats.
Jay's eyes fall on a scared FAMILY in a nearby booth.
GUNSHOTS RING OUT, and bullets whiz by the trio, who are now in full panic mode.
Silent Bob looks at Jay, wide-eyed and scared.
Suddenly the door to the soundstage swings open, and the Security guard Jay knocked out rushes in, followed by other SECURITY GUARDS who comb the place.
The bike crashes through a window in the side of a Soundstage Building.
Jay starts miming again, and suddenly stops, staring at James, blown away.
Suddenly there's a banging at the door of the dressing room.
Suddenly, and A.D. appears, grabbing them by the shoulders.
The Director glares at the scared P.A., as he cautiously skulks off.
Suddenly, the Bong snaps from the armory into Bob's grip.
The Kids stare back at Willenholly terrified.
Suddenly, a gun shot rings out.
Suddenly, he lets out a shriek and falls forward, revealing a tranquilizer dart in his ass, and SUZANNE standing behind him, holding the gun up in the air.
Jay and Bob suddenly freeze.
I can change.
Guards!
I can fly!
He can fly!
He can fly!
Seize him!
Those guards!
That was really scary.
I'm a terrifying ogre!
You are a monster.
Who's hiding them?
It's hideous!
Hang on now.
Your swamp?
Yeah, my swamp!
You afraid?
'Cause there's nothin' wrong with bein' afraid.
Fear's a sensible response to an unfamiliar situation.
With a dragon that breathes fire and eats knights and breathes fire, it sure doesn't mean you're a coward if you're a little scared.
Dragon!
Yeah, sorry, lady.
You- - You're a- - an ogre.
(ominous.)
Stop it, both of you.
I'm scarier than anything we're going to see in this forest.
(shakes him.)
Wake up.
She's as nasty as you are.
That's bad.
That's bad.
Dead.
You're afraid of the dark, aren't you?
I used to be afraid of the dark, too, until - - Hey, no, wait.
I'm still afraid of the dark.
You're crazy.
An ogre.
Can you hear me?
What'd I miss?
What'd I miss?
Oh, anxious, are you?
My swamp!
(to Dragon.)
Guards!
Guards!
She watches him.
She punches in $300.
She stops.
Rudy is asleep in bed.
They sit there in the sudden silence.
A MOMENT LATER: RUDY, very nervous, and the 1st Pool Player are side by side shooting for break.
One-ball in the corner.
Sudden silence.
The house is dark.
Terry and Rudy are walking from the car to the house.
RAIN FALLS on his HEAD.
He goes inside, shakes the rain off himself and goes over to her.
The kitchen is dark.
BOB is standing by his kitchenette, extremely nervous.
The room is dark.
Sammy and Brian are asleep, half under the covers.
She is very anxious.
Sammy is going crazy with anxiety.
On the steps of the police station, Sammy, Rudy and Bob wait as Sheriff Darryl shakes hands with the Auburn Sheriff.
She hangs up again.
She is trembling.
WE CUT BETWEEN THEM.
He is suddenly overcome and presses his lips to the top of Rudy's head.
Hardened.
Sam is nervous haling the precious cargo and Becca is agitated.
He screams.
Sam holds the now sleeping baby to his chest.
He stops.
A punch-drunk Sam lays the sleeping baby into the cradle as if she were a bomb that might detonate.
Lucy blissfully falls asleep in Sam's arms.
The ball goes flying.
Suddenly Lucy becomes aware that her classmates are beginning to laugh.
A police car pulls into the parking lot.
Then, after a beat.
Flustered and worried about being late, Sam jumps on.
Geller.), and the Child Pscyhologist all write voraciously into note pads as they observe Sam and Lucy who sit in the center of the room, nervous under their scrutiny.
A look of horror falls across her face.
Suddenly, Lucy's head pops out and now she quietly wriggles out from under the stall, tip toes across the room and out the door.
SUDDENLY THE SPRINKLER SYSTEM goes on.
They are both nervous.
By this time he is face to face with Rita, breathing hard, overcome with emotion.
She runs to him, gluing herself to his chest.
Then crushes it.
She starts down the hall when suddenly she turns and - with the mastery of a karate black belt - RUNS AND KICKS the door down.
Randy watches with a mixture of jealousy and fear as Lucy effortlessly enters her and Sam's universe.
Sam's asleep.
Suddenly his eyes open wide.
We follow her through the dark house as she creeps down the stairs.
For a moment, Rita's mask drops and her fear for Sam overwhelms her.
What the hell was that?
And a little girl, eight, sitting on the floor in a ballet leotard, her head back, wheezing, her neck muscles contracting and bulging, her face pale, lips white, and her eyes filled with fear as rapid, shallow breathing induces a sense of suffocation.
DEBORAH WIGAND is having a severe asthmatic attack...  Jeffrey sits her on the side of her bed next to which is a Nebulizer, an air compressor to deliver medication via a tube into a circular mouthpiece.
She's scared.
More armed men start to enter.
And she hangs up.
He hangs up.
Suddenly lights come on.
A dark quiet.
Dark pouches are under his eyes.
And there's a warning behind it...
And he's acutely aware of the threat behind it...  Jeffrey slowly turns to face the attorney.
And he slows...
And the lights SUDDENLY go out.
And it's quiet, dark.
It's still.
And Liane holds herself, overcome...
Liane looks at him, afraid.
Liane waves back from behind the pane of glass...  Jeffrey's asleep on his side next to Liane, her back to him.
It's still.
He steps further out onto the lawn with its dark shrubs and small tree in the corner.
Meanwhile, Barbara in the basement, starts as the water heater comes on, scaring her.
The Phone suddenly RINGS.
Lowell asleep, alone...
Lowell sitting in bed on the phone, alarmed, sharing Wigand's fears.
He looks at Liane in the next room, asleep.
They hang up.
He hangs up.
And that's where it hangs.
And he sees, standing upright in the back of the mail box, like a monument of threat, a single hollow point .38
He hangs up.
But she suddenly gets up and leaves, hurrying out of the dining room.
And Jeffrey's quiet, frightened.
An armed camp.
Jeffrey's nervous.
It changes.
And Jeff opens the door going inside, anxious to be home...
The house is quiet, dark.
After a beat.
And he's still...
And we sense something is all wrong here.
And it's still.
And as they lie close together in the dark in each other's arms...  Lowell, entering through machine rooms, into a state-of-the- art Master Control Room.
Lowell shakes his head "no."
He is in his middle fifties, nattily dressed with the slightly bleary look of a heavy drinker.
As O'Connor reaches for the phone, The room is dark, the only light coming from a small night light.
He lies in bed, half asleep.
The building is dark except for the Kramer apartment which is ablaze with lights.
Watching.
Billy is fast asleep, the only light coming from the night lamp on the dresser.
Billy asleep, tangled up in the covers.
Then, she turns and flees back into the bedroom.
Watching.
THE CAMERA PANS WITH THEM as they cross the street and enter the school building.
Watching, horrified.
He lies in bed, fast asleep, his head swathed in bandages.
It is dark outside and the lights are on in the office.
Now, all of the fear, all of the anxiety that he has been fighting down comes welling up.
Horrified.
She hasn't seen them and it is clear that she is as nervous as they are.
Suddenly: As he spots his mother.
Stunned.
Shaken, she gets down from the witness stand, crosses to the petitioner's table without looking at Ted.
Then the two men shake hands, the lawyer waves goodbye, turns and starts back into the building.
The lobby is dark, the only light coming from the window.
He hangs up.
SIRENS.
She panics, WRENCHING the wheel to the right...  Cass is out of her car now, arguing with a cop who has her by the arm: The cop pulls her towards his squad car.
Suddenly, a sergeant (BOBBY, late 30's, obnoxious but likeable, Milo's ex-partner.)
Sid starts hacking away at the tree.
It's dark and quiet.
Nervous looks all around as she tries the knob.
Cass tries to coax the terrified cat out from under the sofa: Suddenly the LANDLADY (as wide as she is tall.)
Milo drives along happily humming when, suddenly, A SMALL TRAIL OF SMOKE drifts over his shoulder.
What the hell... ?
Milo makes a SUDDEN TURN OFF THE HIGHWAY and pulls into the parking lot of BALLY'S CASINO.
Suddenly, he starts heading towards her.
Cass backs up slightly, nervous.
Suddenly, he STOPS and looks behind him.
And finds himself face to face with: He looks at the handcuff dangling from her wrist, STILL Suddenly, Milo goes still.
Nervous, she backs away, headed for the elevators...  Milo QUICKLY ENTERS THE ROOM, GUN RAISED.
A DARK SEDAN appears and RAY AND DWIGHT exit the car, looking like a an ugly, dangerous Odd Couple.
An EMT prepares a HUGE SYRINGE, picks a spot on Milo's chest, then PLUNGES THE NEEDLE INTO IT.
She presses her ear up against the back door: Suddenly, SHE HEARS GROANING COMING FROM INSIDE.
He hangs up.
Milo crawls over to a moaning Dwight and recovers his gun.
They fight for control of the car as it goes spinning off the road...
Suddenly, CASS STARTS GIGGLING.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Suddenly, A WAVE HITS THE BOAT, AND THEY GO ROLLING TOWARDS And they come to a stop, MILO'S FACE PRESSED RIGHT UP TO THE BOMB.
Suddenly, she JUMPS UP and BOLTS.
A shadow creeps across her face as she pulls the stick into reverse and backs up.
The interior of her car is suddenly flooded with light from another car's headlights.
Her eyes are adjusting.
Huey shivers.
Too bad.
She swerves in panic.
She slows down.
Hurtles along the dark road which is getting rougher and rougher.
Della sees them approach her car.
She freezes, eyes sweeping the immediate area for danger.
Stops.
She breathes a sigh of relief.
She panics.
She stops suddenly when she sees a giant shadow looming across her path.
She stops.
She huddles in a dark corner.
Then suddenly: The whole house is illuminated.
She shrugs the coat back over her shoulders and pulls it tight across herself, once again clasping the toolbox close to her side.
Della shivers.
Della tries to swallow but her throat is too dry.
Dark forms with eyes glinting.
A surge of nervous energy courses through her veins.
He screams.
Drops to his knees holding his throat.
Tomas falls away, cursing in horror.
The darkness quickly swallows her.
Her eyes begin to adjust.
Fear drives her further into the woods towards where the trees grow even more densely together.
There has to be some way out of this nightmare.
She holds still, terrified.
She shivers.
Blasting.
UBERTO is asleep.
BEAT.
He hangs up.
She hangs up.
BEAT.
BEAT.
She goes "Oh!" as if she has just been hit in the stomach, falls back into the room, closes the door.
It stops.
BEAT.
BEAT.
He hangs up.
BEAT.
The door blows in the rain.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
The street is closed off by Police Cars.
Fast asleep.
TONY walks forward, and shakes it.
An AIDE appears in the doorway, catches TONY's eye, and indicates her watch.. ALASTAIR shoots a mischievous look.. TONY hangs up, crosses to the study, making sure the doors are shut so he won't be disturbed.
TONY sitting in a cramped room, surrounded by toys, in track suit, in a working-class house..
he begins to pray..
They hang up.
TONY and PRINCE CHARLES shake hands.. CHARLES appears distracted.
Miles away.. CHARLES and TONY shake hands, then the PRINCE moves on...
Horrified.
CHARLES's hands wring in anxiety.. her son's weakness.
The Land Rover shakes and judders.
resolute, waterproofs, rain.
Suddenly.. ` in shock, and flinches privately.
Teasing.
The sound of a clearing throat.
For the first time, they get an idea of the actual size and scale of the The QUEEN stares in fear and disbelief at the people lining the MALL.
"They have your blood on their hands."
Suddenly...  CRASH!
Darkness.
SLAM!
A light rain begins to fall.
A silence falls over the car.
We are watching a scene from THE OLD DARK HOUSE.
Baby moves closer to Bill, he begins to get nervous.
A voice from the shadows interrupts.
A PALE FIGURE creeps forward like NOSFERATU from a dark corner of the room.
His skin is translucent, glowing in the dark.
The curtains close and the stage goes dark.
SCREECH!
SLAM! Suddenly, Baby pounds her fist against Mary's window.
Mary jumps back in terror.
Don Willis wakes up, having fallen asleep in his easy chair.
A look of horror begins to appear on her face.
She is hysterical.
Mary's eyes scream with terror, she nods yes.
Ugliness.
Decay.
Pain.
The police cruiser maneuvers down the rough dirt road.
Naish crawls out of the car.
She is dead.
She is cold and shivering.
For the first time we see the skin on his arms, it is severely deformed from burn scars.
They are dead.
A police cruiser pulls up.
Knives stick in the wall next to the body.
Suddenly, Naish's voice comes over Wydell's walkie-talkie.
CRASH!
CRASH!
CRASH!
Denise stares in horror, tears stream down her cheeks, barely able to comprehend the madness around her. Otis moves in close and licks her across the face.
Jerry's eyes widen in fear.
The rain pounds down.
Rufus tries to hold her steady, when suddenly Mary breaks free and starts to run.
Baby, covered in blood, licks the knife clean.
Suddenly, an arm breaks through the side of the coffin.
SMASH!
Denise screams in horror and runs, turning down another twist in the underground maze.
She digs wildly at the ceiling, suddenly a board falls free and mud rains down to reveal: STARS, the sky above shines through the hole.
SLAM!
He hangs up.
A phalanx of ARMED GUARDS emerge from the dead cars.
More ARMED MEN stream from the office.
She stops.
He shakes his head no.
Machete shakes his head no.
PADRE shakes hands with the parishioners.
Suddenly, a bolus of BLOOD appears at the driver's mouth.
In the backseat, Machete has his MACHETE in his cuffed hands, stuck through the driver's seat and into the guy's chest.
Doc Felix panics.
Beat.
Machete lays down.
There are hypodermic needles in the street at his feet.
THEY ATTACK Dad.
A stream of blood pours down between his eyes.
Young Machete stands there, knife in hand, covered in blood.
News footage of the sniper attack plays.
She reaches for the ten and Machete grabs her wrist, sees the sniper switchblade scar.
It bubbles like a volcano, she peers in and suddenly...
Luz is shot in the chest, she flies back blood spewing out.
Luz is bleeding, one eye gouged out, fading fast.
Benz puts two in his chest.
Elektra hears a noise in the back of the house.
Suddenly, MACHETE is standing on top of the limo.
Sis is being savagely attacked by Torrez.
Elektra sees the horror inside.
Knives and guns...  a ballet of bullets and blood.
Fighting it out with the implements of their trade-- knives hidden in mops, a weedwhacker attack, etc.
Torrez ATTACKS Machete The two FIGHT with sword and machete.
His words gurgle in his throat as his head is severed from his body.
2nd MINUTEMAN freaks and makes a run for it.
Stumbles in the dark, in the dust.
The class sits frozen in terror, waiting for God to kill Danny.
She hangs up.
A tremor of fear and excitement ripples through the room.
The room is stunned to silence.
They both watch.
Blood falls on him.
The Nazis faces blank, shaken.
He hangs up.
The bomb falls.
Danny reacts with an instinctive horror.
A strange silence.
He hangs up.
Danny alone, waiting, nervous.
He's dismissed.
As a soldier tries to take the BOY out of his arms, the child panics, clings to his father, screaming, "Papa...  Papa..." It is the scene the survivor described in the meeting with the Nazis.
The family gasps in horror.
He's still walking down the street, but now, as if to flee his thoughts, he steps through a door into...
Danny's knees are weak, his hands cold, his stomach rises....
But now we see SECURITY GUARDS near the door.
He's worried about the paltry amount of explosives.
Screams, panic.
A beat.
A beat.
Derek, in shirtsleeves, emerges from his office and approaches the Break Room.
Derek's eyes go up to the rear view mirror in panic as a police car with flashing lights gains on him.
And Beth is already back asleep.
Derek suddenly reaches across her and throws open the passenger door.
Derek feels a jolt of panic.
She presses against him.
The room begins to spin and he can hear a sound, a rushing noise.
A nightmare.
Derek wakes up, startled by a pounding on the door.
Derek goes into panic mode, jumping out of the bed like it's on fire.
Samantha shakes her head "no."
She enters the room, silent as a ghost, and approaches Kyle's crib.
To her horror, it's empty.
Lisa turns to him in desperate panic.
The ceiling mirror is now a spider-webs of cracks.
A sudden SOUND.
Lisa tenses, suddenly fearful.
Lisa is wide-eyed, terrified, caught.
CRASH!
It cracks.
Reacting in surprise and panic.
A nervous Patrick watches Derek exit...  Beth goes out into the hall and Lisa springs on her.
She looks at terrified Lisa, then up at the ceiling mount.
With a look of horror on her face, Lisa falls through space.
Phil glowers at him and shivers.
Phil sits up in bed fearing the worst and looks on the nightstand.
Suddenly, Phil floors the accelerator and peels away, sideswiping a parked car as he screeches around the corner.
Gus's eyes go wide with terror.
The woman suddenly freezes.
The guards stand there frozen with terror.
The frightened guards watch as Phil makes off with two large satchels of cash.
Suddenly, Phil whips out a big kitchen knife from under his icoat and dives at the groundhog.
Rita hits the brakes and watches in horror.
Rita stands beside the camera gaping in horror while Larry records the grisly massacre.
The kids attack Phil.
Isolated?
After a beat.
Ryan is in a state of silent panic.
Is she nervous?
She closes her phone and pockets it in silence.
That's too bad.
A GUST OF WIND suddenly blows the CUTOUT across the boardwalk into the OCEAN.
Ryan and Natalie enter the building in silence.
Ryan and Alex walk up the steps and try the door of the main building - it's locked.
The RENTAL CAR ASSISTANT suddenly realizes...  Ryan steps out of his rental car and approaches the door of the townhouse - checking the address against a piece of Ryan stops, knocks, and puts on a smile.
He hangs up.
The room is dark.
Suddenly Harvey collapses.
Joyce leaps from the bed, nervous, hysterical.
He is large and slightly threatening with knitted brows and wild eyes.
Operate?
Harvey gets nervous again.
Suddenly he stops and picks one up.
Suddenly motivated by an odd notion, Harvey abandons his grocery cart and runs out of the supermarket.
SUDDENLY, MR.
Then they crack up.
Alone in bed, Harvey wakes up in a cold sweat from a nightmare.
He looks horrified, short of breath.
Suddenly, it clicks.
A nervous JOYCE walks off the plane into the arrivals area.
She double-takes as sees the R. CRUMB HARVEY -- hairy, scary, smelly and picking his nose.
Harvey shakes it, but he looks overwhelmed, worried and pessimistic.
This hits a sore spot.
She suddenly perks up.
Suddenly he stops.
His eyes register panic.
HARVEY and JOYCE sit in the office holding hands, like two terrified high school kids.
Suddenly the door opens.
She curses at him.
Joyce leaps from the bed, nervous, hysterical.
A VOICE SCREAMS... ITS ANGUISH RINGING through the Frightened Bilbo quickly POCKETS the ONE RING and hurries on.
The two hobbits are suddenly blown off their feet in a shower of sparks as the rocket blasts off with frightening power.
LARGE HANDS suddenly clamp down on Merry and Pippin's ears.
Gandalf rises to his full height, his eyes flash, his shadow suddenly seems to fill the room Bilbo lifts his knapsack and heads for the front door.
His fingers barely touch the ring... the creepy Hum rises on the soundtrack.
Terrified, FARMER MAGGOT cowers in his doorway... FANG, his dog, Whimpers and backs away.
He looks up in terror as Gandalf looms over him.
Gandalf slowly turns to Saruman... a look of dawning horror.
At that moment: Gandalf is suddenly blasted across the room!
Frodo, Sam, and Merry and Pippin tumble head over heels down a bank, onto a dark, wooded road.
Frodo freezes in terror.
SUDDENLY, A RINGWRAITH bursts out of the forest TOWARD THEM!
The tall BREE FOLK loom over the nervous little hobbits as Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin make their way through the Narrow Streets.
Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin are sitting at a table against the wall...  clearly trying to remain Quiet and inconspicuous... Sam can't help himself... he keeps casting nervous glances around.
"Baggins... Baggins..." a creepy whisper seems to fill Frodo's head... sound that dissolves into Pippin's loud voice: sitting at the bar, chatting with Locals.
He suddenly clutches his head as he is hit with quick images... of a GREAT EYE! AN EVIL CAT-LIKE EYE, wreathed in flames.
There is no life here in the void... only cold...only death...  FRODO is terrified!
The gate keeper comes out of his Lodgings with a lantern... a look of fear on his face.
CLOSE ON: BUTTERBUR hiding behind his bar...  trembling and sweating in TERROR.
INSERT: PIPPIN stirs slightly, then settles back to sleep.
CLOSE ON: a hacked blanket is pulled back to reveal nothing but a shredded pillow.
STRIDER, MERRY, PIPPIN, AND FRODO march through a gloomy, overgrown forest.
The hobbits suddenly stop and unstrap their knapsacks.
Gandalf looks on in Horror as ORCS hack into the trunk with axes.
SARUMAN stands in Rain looking out into the dark night... the ORC overseer sidles up to him, axe in hand, sweating with exertion.
He suddenly sits up, sniffing the air.
Merry and Pippin, overcome with terror, throw themselves flat on the ground.
He disappears.
Frodo winces as the tip of the dagger sinks into his shoulder.
It suddenly flutters away.
Arwen waits until they are halfway across: she suddenly stands in the saddle arms raised!
The Ringwraiths scream in terror as they are swallowed up in the deluge.
Suddenly, the voices of Merry and Pippin can be heard as they bound up to Frodo and throw their arms around him.
Gimli suddenly rushes forward!
Stunned silence... the council sits with downcast eyes, as if a great dread has descended on them.
A Sudden Noise... Sam pops up from behind a Bush!
A shadow passes across Bilbo... for a split second he becomes a wrinkled creature with a hungry face and Bony, groping hands.
As their dark shadow passes over the fellowship, a single harsh croak is heard... and the crows suddenly wheel away, back towards the south.
Boromir suddenly snaps out of his trance and hands the ring back to Frodo.
Legolas the Elf moves lightly across the top of the snow... he suddenly pauses.
Frodo looks up in horror as a huge snow avalanche thunders down towards them!
Boromir and Aragorn frantically dig for the hobbits... who are pulled out Shivering and Fearful.
CLOSE ON: MERRY and PIPPIN shivering in Boromir's arms.
A Glow from Gandalf's Staff suddenly lights    the chamber...
The Fellowship recoil in Horror!
Frodo is suddenly PULLED TO THE GROUND.
Aragorn hacks at a tentacle... Frodo is released, falling into Boromir's arms.
A faint light rises from Gandalf's staff, throwing a Creepy Glow across the old wizards face.
Frodo's POV: a sudden glimpse of a creature darting in the darkness.
Frodo is nervous... he approaches Gandalf.
Close on: Gandalf, Aragorn, Hobbits looking horrified...  Suddenly Frodo coughs...takes a huge breath.
Frodo looks with horror at the overwhelming Goblin army that's rushing toward them!
Close on: Aragorn looks at Gandalf, concerned.
Frodo looks back in horror: Frodo watches as the Balrog puts one foot on the bridge and draws up to Full Height, wings spreading from wall-to-wall.
The FELLOWSHIP are suddenly surrounded by ARMED ELVES.
The vision shifts... Frodo gasps in horror!
The image suddenly widens to fill the screen...buildings burning... bodies strewn about...Dark Shapes of ORCS looting and destroying... Bag End, billowing in flames!
Suddenly, the mirror goes dark... and out of the black abyss a single eye grows.
Galadriel stands still as a statue, unmoved, untouched by the horror.
Frodo is suddenly afraid of her.
Sam has slumped asleep... Merry dumps a small pile of kindling at Gimli's feet... Sam sits up with a start... Aragorn's head snaps round..his eyes fly to Boromir's shield which lies abandoned by his camp bed.
CLOSE ON: LURTZ ordering his Frodo stumbles and falls... quickly he crawls behind a tree...above him the sound of Uruk-Hai crashing through the forest rings out.
A black arrow suddenly thuds into Boromir's chest.
He is lying in one of the boats, his arms across his chest..his broken horn at his side.
Suddenly...  the boat drops away from camera...as it plunges over the massive falls of Rauros, disappearing into the vapor below.
Aragorn pulls a HUNTING KNIFE out of his pack and straps it on.
Viktor reads the young P.A.'s panicked expression.
Viktor looks up in horror.
The trailer next to Nicola's does indeed appear to be fractionally taller.
His face suddenly brightens.
Abandoning the trailer, Viktor hurries after her.
HANK, hiding in the shadows of the soundstages, spies Viktor.
Suddenly a GUNSHOT rings out.
They rush to shake his hand.
Suddenly, Simone appears to talk on her own.
Suddenly, HAL SINCLAIR, rushes over and hugs Viktor.
They have become so blase about the paparazzi, they no longer acknowledge the posse of motorcycle PHOTOGRAPHERS risking their necks to stay up with the car.
Viktor glares at the SECURITY GUARD who shrugs weakly.
Desert.
The smile is suddenly wiped off VIKTOR's face by a blinking alert: The pixels that form SIMONE start to break up.
VIKTOR speaks again, his voice suddenly deeper.
In horror Viktor hurriedly pulls the plug.
Suddenly, he stops and confronts the standee of SIMONE.
D.)  A pretentious FILM CRITIC talks to camera, a film poster E.)  In his soundstage, VIKTOR moves a slider that adds F.)  SIMONE appears on a morning talk show -- as usual, remote Another clip: Another clip: G.)  VIKTOR driving along a city street, suddenly slams on his Realizing what he's said, a thought comes into his eyes.
He is suddenly enraged.
As he lectures Joe on salesmanship, he figures his expenses in a worn leatherette notebook, nervous fingers and eyes unconsciously revealing the extent of his failure.
The bus suddenly surrounded by converging traffic, horns honking, segueing into the noises of Times Square.
Sobbing suddenly, she throws herself on the bed.
Joe runs in aimless panic, pushing through the crowd, pursued by O'Daniel's voice and the singing congregation.
Joe moves on self consciously as he sees a scar-faced policeman, unconsciously massaging his night stick.
The torchy voice belts his love song, merging with street noises crying danger -- an ambulance, a burglar alarm, a policeman's whistle -- the lights flashing lurid color for the first time since Joe was locked out, no longer promising but threatening, clashing, warning as...  ... from a high angle, across the street, Joe joins the other midnight cowboys, offering himself to all comers.
Joe is briefly obliterated again by a passing police car...  ... the receding flash of its turret light revealing Joe in close conversation with a frightened young FAT BOY, whose eyes plead for reassurance as Joe scowls.
Joe's fist slams a fender violently, using Ratso's fake injury trick to stop traffic, running across the street toward...  ... Ratso staring out at Joe, paralyzed in the act of lighting a cigarette -- intercut in flashing close-ups -- Joe outside the window, Ratso inside -- reflecting their conflicting emotions -- Joe's murderous rage -- Ratso's panic -- one almost subliminal flash of each revealing something like pleasure at finding a long-lost friend...  ... Ratso staring up into camera, holding his breath.
Light from the X window shines on a Florida tourist poster as Ratso leads Joe into an abandoned tub-in-kitchen flat, barely furnished with a table and chair, a rumple of blankets on a burnt-out mattress.
Joe shivers, pulls a blanket around him, resisting sleep, but the noises of demolition fade, the love theme lures Joe back.
A flashlight flares suddenly through the car window.
Still wild-eyed, Joe suddenly points at his stocking feet.
Ratso turns back in panic as another man takes a chair next to Joe.
The lights in the window suddenly switch off, blacking out Florida.
Joe and Ratso frozen in a narrow shaft of sunlight, watching the huge metal ball demolish the building next door.
In swift flashes -- intercut -- Joe reads the panic in Ratso's eyes, so intense that Joe shares it, unable to speak or offer reassurance.
Camera ignores the classic action on the central front, concentrating exclusively on peripheral tactical maneuvers...  ... Joe's elbows pinning her shoulders...  ... her eyes bright, accepting the challenge...  ... his tight smile revealing clenched teeth...  ... her fingers searching out then tickling his underarm...  ... Joe laughing as he falls lopsidedly...  ... Shirley laughing triumphantly...  ... his hand closing on her wrist...  ... her talon-nails clawing the air...  ... her toes walking up his calf...  ... her legs suddenly locking around his knees...  ... her free hand grabbing his hair...  ... her shoulder rising as she forces his head back...  ... her lips pressing down on his...  ... his hand swatting an unidentified mass of flesh...  ... her eyes popping, teeth clamping his ear lobe...  ... his hand catching her ankle...  ... her teeth losing the ear lobe as she screams...  ... her foot appearing upside down beside her face...  ... her talon-nails furrowing flesh, drawing blood...  ... his head rearing back, roaring...  ... both rolling to the floor, out of view...  ... her feet suddenly flying up into view...  ... her hand tugging rhythmically at the blanket...  ... her other hand wildly exploring Joe's back...  ... her ankles locking spasmodically...  ... her eyes and mouth wide, gaping...  ... the blanket suddenly ripping free, flying into the air as her arm flings itself around Joe...  ... the bedclothes spilling down around them, muffling her ascending shrieks.
Towny tries to conceal his movements as he takes a wallet from the drawer, lifts out a bill and tucks the wallet back and turns -- terrified to see Joe close behind him -- almost knocking the lamp off the table in his fright.
Joe stands in panic, sickened, unable to fulfill the role Towny has assigned him.
Joe threatens, swings the lamp down, but stops short of hitting Towny.
Then Ratso's face pales as he starts to choke and cough.
Ratso's eyes squint in a dazed half-sleep.
Joe sits stiffly, very frightened, as the bus starts on.
It's haunted.
But you don't have any reason to be afraid.
Yes, I can help with the scars.
Did you hear that?
There's no need to be nervous, dear.
There's no need to be nervous.
She gets you nervous?
Goodness, you scared him half to death.
I scared him to death?
Stop it.
He got hurt.
This burglar scared.
Drop them.
It could keep me up all night worrying about you.
Watch yourself.
I heard this noise and ran out in my bathrobe.
You didn't heed my warning.
Were you scared?
I am being serious.
He practically raped Joyce, you know threatening her with those knives?
Oh, those poor things after what happened to me can you imagine?
I'll be outside.
Who? Him, that cripple.
He said he was just scared.
Edward, I was so afraid.
He's dead.
They killed each other.
Desolate.
He hears a noise and looks out the back window and see's Vigman pulling a LARGE ROLL OF PLASTIC TARP out of the trunk of his car.
They both stop.
Avoiding.
Brutal.
Kyle and JIMMY REED shake hands.
They are fired up.
Too scared to respond.
Stemler manages a nod, albeit a terrified one.
She looks nervous.
It's a melee.
She is nervous.
Suddenly the door opens.
He wakes up.
But suddenly there is another presence...
Big Red turns to the others and shakes with pretended fear.
Suddenly, TWO COPS are accosting them.
The room is dark.
Tony P jumps out of his chair, scared.
Nervous reaction from Tony P. Icy reaction from Anabel.
Casanova suddenly throws a secret breaker switch, and the ugly hum of a million volts instantly fills the room...  still watching... as all the lights in the house go out, except for a frightening orange glow in an upper room...  Off in the distance Furious sees... the lights of the entire city flicker and then black out...
Suddenly, the Disco Boys pull back.
Across his chest in falling off stick on letters it reads "THE SPLEEN", and that's exactly who he is.
Suddenly, there is a knock at the gate.
Another beat and the Invincible Dudes come running out the gate in a panic.
She takes his arm and they all start to walk back into the Shoveler's backyard...  but the CAMERA PANS ACROSS THE STREET to the dark place between two houses, where a MAN WEARING A STRANGE STEEL MASK with a frightening, impassively powerful expression stands in the deep shadows, watching them in motionless, predatory silence.
The Spleen makes weird noises in his sleep.
But suddenly, there is the ring of steel--a broad blade sweeps through the air, and Tony P's pistol is sliced neatly in half.
An old sign reads "BAR" as the family car pulls into the parking lot of a single adobe building out in the middle of nowhere.
gettinq worried.
But suddenly, a change begins to take place in him, as some primordial defense mechanism kicks in... and his fear begins to give way to rage...  His teeth bare.
Furious' mother wakes up, looks around groggily, and in a moment of horror suddenly remembers...  as she runs toward the car, hysterical.
A few minutes later, Monica steps up to the dessert table...  Suddenly, she is yanked under.
ANGLE ON A SPEAKER, placed above the podium...  as the air is suddenly filled with a weird, stridulating, HORRIFIC NOISE (somewhere between the sound of a fire siren and a hornet trapped in your ear.) and everyone in the room (except Anabel.)
Suddenly, a familiar voice is heard.
CAMERA PANS the crooks, as their criminal ecstasy turns instantly to terror.
For the first time, they're really scared.
Even the Sphinx looks scared.
Suddenly, the light switches on...  It's his mother.
But just as she is about to pass through, Monica looks up and sees something that makes her pull back with fear...
Monica reacts; these things are scary.
CLOSE ON MONICA, sensing her danger.
Suddenly, he hears high heels in the hall.
She makes a sudden try for the door, but he blocks her way, a cold look in his eye that makes her step back in fear.
Suddenly, we hear Casanova's voice on the line.
He's got no superpowers, and he's scared to death, but he grabs a canned tornado.
the security eye watching...  as the panicking security guards retreat under it into the main tower.
The Raja takes out a butter knife, aims, and hurls it straight at the eye, but laser beams intercept the knife and instantly melt it into...  a formless blob of silver.
But the Doc is stymied...  Suddenly they hear a woman's voice calling down to them.
But strong hands suddenly grab her.
A look of terror comes across her face as she sees the murder in his eyes.
Suddenly they hear Invisible Boy calling to them.
Suddenly, he hears running feet, turns and sees...
But the Raja suddenly leaps up onto the sculpture.
Mr. Erganian and Jack get to their feet and shake hands with Miles.
A can of Raid?
Miles brings the car to a stop in the parking lot.
As Jack gets more and more involved with the phone call, he wanders off across the parking lot, progressively out of earshot.
Chris and Jack shake hands.
The Saab pulls into the parking lot of this motel.
Miles leads them away from the road and across a parking lot.
The sun hangs low as the Saab pulls into the parking lot, Jack at the wheel.
CLOSE ON MILES as a distant RUMBLE begins to sound, the rumble of an oncoming ANXIETY ATTACK.
Miles is crossing over to the dark side.
Then he hears a noise from the kitchen, so he goes through the door into -- Maya is at the sink, filling a glass with water.
The Barely Legal face down on his chest, Miles awakens with a start and looks at the clock-radio.
Suddenly a golfball THUDS against the hard fairway directly behind them.
Suddenly they explode in A sleepy Siena appears at the hallway door rubbing her eyes.
Maya looks at him for a moment before shaking his foot.
His face is dark with resentment.
A distant RUMBLE begins to sound, the familiar harbinger of an anxiety attack.
He hangs up.
Miles climbs the wooden steps and approaches Maya's back door.
We see him peering from behind the glass partition in hit office; tall, balding with a perpetual worried look on his face.
Bud waves Marvin away, answers his caller, trying to keep cool, worried how as he sees Lynch, the office manager, coming over.
Bud, somewhat nervous, is led down an impressive hallway hung with expensive modern art...  past a huge Calder mobile and a pool of some 15 traders on phones, quotron terminals and keyboards... into Natalie's outer office.
Natalie suddenly comes out, without a smile.
Gekko noting the blood pressure reading and taking the cuff off his arm.
The camera moves on him now, sudden, more intense, in a sense trapping him.
The phone call goes behind closed doors.
A change.
She sees him approach, obviously doesn't wish to talk, eyes darting elsewhere like a nervous deer.
She hears him.
Dark mahagony wood, plush banquettes, a long oak bar.
Noise recedes.
Bud looks worried, at Marvin.
He turns to go, Bud panicking.
With him a lawyer.
After an initial panic, he's cool as a cucumber -- and ruthless as his mentor.
Cromwell is delivering his prepared attack on Gekko in a highly sarcastic, gruff manner.
As he nuzzles her neck, she feels threatened, stops.
Gekko looks to Carl Fox who, putting down knife and fork, breaks his silence.
Barnes is nervous.
At the door, a look of unmistakable power... and danger.
Outside the twilight is quickening into night, shadows, scurrying across the unlit room....  for the first time we see him sucking on a cigarette.
Darien's eyes cloud over... the look of a scared child being banished by her father.
Mom clearing off the table, anxious...
Carl knows something Bud doesn't...  Darien is standing there waiting as they approach the main entrance... Bud seeing her, suddenly stunned.
At a wake.
A low, growling industrial DRONE makes the whole place oddly creepy.
He watches.
Nervous.
Watching the door -- waiting for it to open...  and then -- from the darkness BEHIND HIM -- a terrifying open-mouthed ZOMBIE APPEARS -- ATTACKS -- and the Detective TURNS -- his flashlight KNOCKED TO THE GROUND -- and Hathaway falls too -- the wild-eyed gaping-mouthed Zombie DROOLING as it tries to bite Hathaway's flesh -- we recognize that the Zombie is CARY.
Charles turns on the lights, looks anxiously at Joe: As he tosses Joe a SUPER 8 FILMMAKER MAGAZINE: Jesus, that's what I've been explaining: in the scene we're filming tonight, the wife telling the detecting she's scared for him, that she loves him-- Charles! -- so when he investigates the zombie stuff you'll be scares -- you'll feel something -- because you don't want him to die because they love each other!
A beat.
Charles watches -- in awe -- he's suddenly, giddily transported.
A beat.
He had a gun!
As Alice nervously drives, she shakes her head: no.
Joe is STARTLED AWAKE as if from a nightmare; Jack has awoken him, quickly bucking his holster, urgent: Gotta head in early -- -- okay-- Make sure you let Lucy out.
He stops.
Watches.
Military trucks surround the house.
HEARS IT AGAIN.
Another INTENSE, LOW SOUND -- then a high pitch HIT, like METAL ON WOOD and Joe backs up, nervous.
Suddenly the three large MILITARY TRUCKS' HEADLIGHTS COME ON -- all aimed at Jack -- he is blinded -- tries to see -- And now BODIES are seen of SOLDIERS, holding and aiming WEAPONS.
Battered and scraped, he lies in a medical bed, afraid, but defiant.
He wakes up.
Alice enters the dark house quietly.
And suddenly the quiet is broken by the ROAR OF FLAME.
Over all this: Other people in a panic, running to find others who are lost.
Joe and Charles get on, frightened and uncomfortable.
The boys are SCARED as they watch the creature HOLD WOODWARD TIGHT -- LIFT HIM -- and its TENTACLES suddenly THRUST into his NOSE, EARS and MOUTH -- Joe stands and looks intently at the screen.
The locker hallway: the Boys are HANDCUFFED AND SCARED, being led out by ARMED SOLDIERS.
Proudly: Joe's terrified as Overmyer pulls from Joe's pocket a couple COINS, half a pack of Bubble Yum and HIS MOTHER'S NECKLACE.
PUSH PAST THEM toward our four BOYS, sitting cuffed and seat-belted behind the dirty, wired SAFETY GLASS, all looking toward us, terrified.
And as the creature descends upon him, in the silence before the final lunge -- Nelec says, eerily quietly, terrified: Before he can finish, the creature fucking ATTACKS -- and it would be horrible and brutal, if the BLOOD DIDN'T SPRAY UPON In the field, a distance away, the boys watch the bus SHUDDER and SHAKE.
SUDDENLY, BOOM!!!
Finally, vulnerable, scared and sad: Jack looks at him for a moment, then back to the road.
Joe and Cary slowly move forward -- seeing something off-camera that scares and amazes them all at once.
terrifying as the foursome sprint in the opposite direction!
AND AFTER A LONG, SCARY BEAT, THE CREATURE SETS HIM DOWN.
Nekhorvich is overcome.
The Co-pilot is working on the plane's altitude when his hands slip off the controls.
This stops her.
The bathroom is suddenly filled with security guards, gun drawn Senor de l'Arena, looking highly upset, pops in.
Suddenly there's no Nyah.
Nyah looks at Ethan, a little worried.
Billy hands her a chest sheet and moves on.
Stops.
McCloy breaks a fresh sweat in a sudden spasm of anxiety.
Suddenly there's the roar of helicopter rotors.
DANGER: LIVE VIRUS: INCUBATION ZONE.
A pair of trousered legs step over the body and into the elevator joining Nyah's legs and feet, and other pairs of trousered legs.
The Liquid itself is suddenly shod thru fluorescent sparks before it congeals to an opaque mush.
In a spasm of anxiety Luther bolts to his feet, wipes his brow.
As it reaches 0 a small light on the bomb suddenly stops its incessant blinking.
They head across the room to the double doors.
approaches the island.
Wallis' sedan appears from an adjoining road and pulls in behind Ethan, who climbs back aboard his cycle.
As they near one another, each leaps forward and off his bike, and they collide hard in mid-air.
Kneeling, Ambrose pulls a knife from a boot holster and cuts Ethan across the back and face.
Ethan steps back, and with a running start, strikes Ambrose with a leaping kick that drops him to the ground and knock the knife out of his hand.
He stops.
A wind has begun to blow.
Frightened and huddled together are the women and children.
Breathing hard, frightened and desperate, Muley is shouting warnings at Davis, but the roar of the tractor drowns his voice.
The corner of the house sinks.
A CAR approaches at some distance, the headlights moving up and down as the car rides a dirt road.
At the whoop of laughter that goes up from all, she turns in a fine simulation of maidenly mortification, and throws herself into Connie's arms, hiding her face against his chest.
A TOURING CAR has stopped in the road by the house, the engine still running.
There is a long worried silence.
TOM, PA AND CASY move away, worry on their faces.
He stops.
CASY is asleep in the truck, his face wet with sweat.
The jalopies are lumbering up on the road, one after the other, as the migrants scatter before the threatened invasion.
A BUICK ROADMASTER which has been speeding toward them stops suddenly.
As Tom approaches the gate a flashlight plays on his face suddenly and a guard rises from a box.
The others have fled.
Then all is confusion.
Ma comes down the street with a bundle under her arm and enters the house.
Ma turns, faces the door, her body protectively between Tom and whatever threatens.
OUTSIDE HOUSE 63, the bookkeeper has encountered the newcomers.
He stumbles after her.
Then: Terrified, Winfield comes dashing out of the unit but Ruthie grabs him just outside the door.
His face is worried as he squats down beside the ditch.
They shake hands.
While he is doing so, he lifts his head suddenly, and listens.
She jams the cigarette in her mouth and flames the lighter, but is afraid to actually break his rules.
It's difficult.
But he's worried.
Suddenly Lionel appears in front of Mumford, who stops.
Sofie suddenly looks defeated.
Suddenly, their manner changes, for the worse.
They drive in silence for a bit.
Under the list of Signs and Symptoms: "Sore throat."
Mumford shakes his head, "no."
It's getting dark fast now.
But it's his scary scowl that impresses.
He pushes at a cinderblock -- The cinderblock tips over and a swarm of scary-looking spiders comes rushing out toward camera.
Mumford follows Gregory, crawling, to the edge of the roof and looks down on a building one block over.
A look of panic crosses Nessa's face, but she instantly hides it, busily taking out cigarette and lighter, which she doesn't use.
She glances at her watch, then starts talking fast -- She is beaming, but suddenly becomes self-conscious.
Follett takes out an Exacto knife and makes the first incision, but as he's about to go on, Mumford suddenly reaches out and stops him.
Beyond them, Old Man Sutter's stacked YOUNG WIFE watches in horror from the backdoor of the building.
Suddenly, Sofie's voice cracks.
Lily rises up suddenly from where she's been working in the garden.
But he is watching.
They shake hands, holding eye contact.
Approaches the dining room door.
She stops.
Her eyes are burning with this.
And disappears.
Suddenly, the plane SWOOPS down toward a clearing in the clouds.
A mob .
Watches this, too.
Her hand goes to his chest.
Nervous.
As she gathers herself to knock, she looks scared enough to pass out.
He stops.
He stops on this.
Watching him.
A terrifying STORM BATTERS the plane, which bobs and darts and dips like a leaf in a gale.
Amelia fights for control as the plane is TOSSED and SHAKEN.
PAN the dark, elegant restaurant.
Because this is the very fear she lives with.
A beat.
Dark little piano bar.
She hangs up.
He juggles the mugs, so he can shake it.
He stops.
For once, she's scared.
He's worried.
Two cabs almost collide in front of the store, with a screech, and one cabdriver starts yelling obscenities at the other.
A beat.
Annabel suddenly sneezes.
Suddenly he's distracted by a couple of joggers.
He suddenly looks stricken.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Panicked, Kathleen retreats onto another line and stands with her back to him.
He touches her cheek suddenly.
Rain is falling.
Kathleen shakes her head no.
A beat...
He turns away suddenly.
George looks suddenly stricken.
Frank shakes his head no.
Kathleen shakes her head no.
as he watches her.
The elevator suddenly stops.
He hangs up.
He presses.
Presses again.
Suddenly she hears a noise.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
He looks frightened.
Her phone suddenly rings.
Suddenly his phone rings.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Suddenly the doorbell rings.
Beat.
Beat.
Then...  Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Harvey suddenly stands and clears his throat.
Beat.
Beat.
It stops.
He stops again.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
The sun begins to creep above the buildings.
Suddenly his spare hand holds tight onto the bannister.
He begins to place his coffee on the stair next to him, but suddenly shudders, grabbing his shoulder.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She hangs up.
Beat.
Beat.
Then...  Beat.
Beat.
As the water falls over him we hear a Russian accented voice: Bobby press his left hand against the white tile to steady himself.
He loses it.
They are dangerous in an endearing way.
BOBBY sits next to her looking somewhat nervous.
Suddenly Grace wheels.
He bristles and freezes with fear and disgust.
With this thinly veiled threat, the Sheriff drives on.
He's so desperate and in her frightened but neutral expression, Bobby experiences the only compassion he ever finds in this whole town.
Blood starts to seep through the bandage.
Where his eyes should be are scars and dead flesh.
Suddenly, like a snake striking, her hand shoots out and unlocks the bolt.
Fear coming into his eyes.
JAKE hears the noise.
A beat.
He suddenly hears a foot fall behind him, then he feels her presence.
An expression of fear and excitement in her eyes.
Suddenly grabs the hatchet and plunges it down on Jake, silencing him one last time.
Bobby also gets down on his hands and knees and grabs more and more, sucked into the fever of freedom, far more money than he lost at the grocery store, overcome now with emotions of fear and freedom.
His vehicle pulled up on the shoulder in front of them, the Sheriff gets out, shining his power flashlight into their faces.
Bobby is nervous.
And the gun.
Suddenly, a SHOT is heard.
Suddenly, the RADIATOR HOSE Darrell installed blows apart loudly.
Needed a job.
There's a beat.
A beat.
She is in hysterics.
Suddenly, Tom stops.
Summer is asleep.
CU - SUMMER ASLEEP (as before.)
REVERSE ANGLE on A TROLLEY FULL OF PEOPLE, terrified of this raving lunatic.
Beat.
A giant POISONOUS SNAKE creeping up behind him.
Not so much singing as having a nervous breakdown to music.
Tom's head sinks into his chest.
Tom's face registers a noticeable panic.
It's a MAN racing down the street, fleeing from an unseen assassin.
They look extremely nervous.
He winces.
It's killing him.
Summer is half-asleep under the covers.
Few remain.
They shake.
Whose hands are trembling slightly and whose paper is blank.
He'd be talking, suddenly he'd come to a stop.
A blinding flash from a strobe.suddenly
At floor level Sayer and Miss Costello, on their hands and knees, are "blacking in" the missing tiles with shoe polish, "bridging" the gap between the two checkerboards.
And Sayer's eyes, behind which exhilaration and horror rise up, shift from her to Miss Costello, and then to Leonard, in whose mask of a face Sayer thinks he sees a faint glimmer.
Wakes.
She can do nothing but stare at her "infant son" who is now, "suddenly," a man.
Miss Costello asleep on another.
wakes.
We follow her,   as does a nurse with a blood pressure guage on wheels.
Gesturing to the operating lamp hovering from above like a giant spider The thing is so unbelievably macabre they have to grimace.
She resumes pacing, and mutters to herself the bitter-tasting word: Sayer in bed, asleep with a book on his chest and his indestructible reading glasses on his face.
Sayer, more asleep than awake, can't be sure that what he's hearing, who he's hearing, is real.
Suddenly the picture goes dark.
* Sayer doesn't so much shake the hand as hold onto it.
, The others come over, shake his hand and pat him on the back,             * but all a little too gently, too concerned, like he might break.
And the room falls into               * silence.
His hands and head begin shaking out of control      and it' s' all he can do to close the book.
Too scared.
Sara tries to elevate her body above the music, but she's nervous, unsure on her feet.
As he does, dread and disbelief spread over Sara's face.
A torrential rain.
It worries her.
Roy worries her.
Drops down.
The pain too.
She's hoping nothing in her face reveals the rising panic in her heart.
Every inch of her feels afraid.
Screwing up courage as she approaches it.
She stalks off.
It's quiet now but the scars of past battles, like the bombed out police substation on one of its corners, are evident everywhere.
Panicked, she drops the vial into their sink.
Chenille suddenly whips off her coat.
Half her chest is exposed.
The knees are going again.
And another NOISE.
Missing her.
Malakai lets out a nervous laugh.
A beat.
He suddenly looks up.
Claire sits forward in the seat, suddenly worried.
She's more nervous than she wants to let on.
Ronna's eyes betray her fear.
A beat.
She leans back against the frame, panicking.
Ronna's heart is in her throat.
The stockboys watch, horrified but transfixed.
Mannie snaps back, eyes panicked.
Todd shakes the pill bottle.
A beat.
A NERVOUS TEENAGER rolls it down, releasing a cloud of smoke.
A beat.
Stops.
Shakes out a pill.
It SHATTERS.
Two nose-ringed RIOT GRRRLS are drawing a Christmas tree on his chest and stomach with a fat magic marker.
And behind them, Mannie's drugged eyes go wide with panic.
They hide back in the shadows as races past.
Ronna kneels down to Mannie, who's hunched over his knees sweating and shaking.
She pushes his legs into the shadows.
He climbs off the car, approaching.
HEARING it.
Stunned.
Disappears.
We stay on Ronna's body as we HEAR the Miata suddenly pull away.
With a sudden SPASM, Ronna moves.
After a beat, she suddenly LAUGHS, until gradually it becomes a COUGHING.
Simon is about to reply when he suddenly HEAVES.
A beat.
His accent is suddenly Irish.
After a moment, her panic subsides.
It's on the third of these that the smoke alarm suddenly BLEATS.
A beat.
A beat.
Out of the shadows, two dancers approach.
He shudders.
And suddenly...  Simon grabs Noelle's ass.
A beat.
A beat.
It's bleeding.
Blood is squirting out of Vic Jr.'s arm.
A beat.
He suddenly throws it out.
Suddenly, a phone RINGS.
The panic is contagious.
Simon backs away from the door, freaking out.
Rebecca's anxiety begins to surface.
A beat.
Rebecca is stunned -- frightened.
She looks back at Frank, her face filled with fear -- her eyes welling with tears.
A beat.
Gray clouds hang overhead, threatening rain.
A light rain falls outside.
Dark wood and leather.
A beat.
A beat.
He is vulnerable.
A beat.
The room is DARK -- Lit only by the moon.
The longing overcomes him.
A beat.
RAIN falls.
Dulaney appears nervous -- anxious.
A beat.
A beat.
He watches her.
He is nervous.
Dulaney approaches Paley who is now very nervous.
He is asleep, laying on his back -- the sheets pulled up to his waist.
She slowly drags the tip of her finger up his stomach -- to his chest.
She can see the fear in his eyes.
He stares at her through eyes filled with fear.
He breathes a SIGH of relief.
Rebecca moves her head to his chest -- kissing his burns softly while her fingers caress lightly over his stomach.
A beat.
As soon as she hears the name Rebecca's face becomes tense, nervous.
He stares at her in horror, then walks towards the door.
He stops.
Cardenas looks worried as he watches an attractive woman in her mid twenties approach the stand.
Dulaney is standing by the window, watching the RAIN FALL outside.
He shakes his NO.
Michael is standing in the doorway, his face filled with fear and incomprehension.
She walks out into the rain.
He slowly drops to his knees -- holding on to her as if she were a strong tree in a wind-storm.
Suddenly, Biggs appears, rushing her from behind a pillar.
Dulaney is suddenly very confused.
It is RAINING lightly.
RAIN FALLS.
The gun shakes in his hand.
Suddenly, his face tenses.
A beat.
Face panicked.
Kendall, terrified.
Kendall panics, pivots, and FIRES...  Into DARKNESS.
Kendall panting and scared, ducking branches and leaping ditches as the two sprint towards the dying glow.
Kendall, lying in the rain and mud, shivering.
Part horror, part relief.
He stops.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Mueller looks down, scared.
Fear creeping into his face.
Dunbar looks up at the roof, scared.
Shocked.
A beat.
Not a speck of blood on it.
Dunbar, kneeling there, knife inches away from severing Pike's ropes.
The hurricane, reaching FEVER PITCH outside as WATER begins leaking in through the roof.
Dunbar, sprinting towards the clearing, bullets at his heels and as he bursts from the tree line he looks up to see a FLASHCUT TO - Nunez, chest blown open, going down...
Lightning, thunder, and rain as Nunez runs unarmed through the thick brush.
Watching.
Hardy drives in silence.
Kendall walks over and DISARMS West, pushing him into the circle next to the terrified Nunez.
Hardy, confronting Styles in the dark.
More crying noises.
Brendan sits against the massive building, flipping through loose papers.
He stops.
A beat.
He raises his eyes, and sits up suddenly.
A beat.
He stops.
An inky black figure steps from the shadows and kicks him in the stomach.
She's worried.
He wears dark glasses.
Flashes of the lanky kid - a shiny scar shaped like a thin triangle runs down the side of his face.
Suddenly he stops.
He stops.
Beat.
The lug pitches forward with frightening momentum.
His scar reddens slightly, then he jerks out of his trance.
Tug's scar reddens a bit more.
Hacking and spluttering he falls to his knees.
Brendan falls to his knees, coughing.
The wind blows bitterly, and the sky is dark.
Still a dark dot.
Dode shakes the newspaper at him.
Tugger's eyes are locked on Dode, his scar the color of raw liver.
Tug has Dode on the ground, kicking his stomach and chest.
She gasps.
Brendan's throat contorts in a hard swallow.
Laura's arm stretches across his chest.
Tug's eyes burn, his scar reddens.
Footfalls, then Tangles falls through the door, his chest red.
The Pin stands, eyes blazing at Tug. Tug's scar is fiery red.
Everything is suddenly still.
A moment later police cars pull up, sirens blaring, lights turning the dark streets bright as day.
Her voice shakes.
We HEAR Walt clearing his throat, swallowing.
Suddenly Paul loses his balance and FALLS.
Suddenly she notices a small COMMOTION in the adjacent cafeteria and goes to investigate.
Suddenly, there's a quick KNOCK at the door, and Paul enters.
Diane immediately hoists her knees to her chest.
Paul scares straight ahead, a fat bead of sweat on his forehead.
The gravity of what she's done now sinks in, and she panics.
Close as two pages in a book That read each other in the dark.. Suddenly -- a grating VOICE from the loudspeakers.
He's a wreck: dark, dark circles under his eyes;  his hair didn't dry right -- frizzy here, matted there.
Jim's use of profanity scares Larry, and he responds reluctantly Jim, who hasn't cared about any of this today, suddenly takes note.
O'Dell's cruiser pulls into the motel parking lot, which is uncharacteristically full.
As Chris hands her the towel, he notices a wide SCAR on the inside of Sam's RIGHT WRIST...  but doesn't mention it.
He gets out and approaches her.
Awww...                          Poor tummy... Jeff and Mike taunt her from the back.
Corey walks out of the police station and finds herself in a secluded back parking lot.
She is frightened when she notices a PAIR OF EYES staring at her from the bushes close by -- it's Vietnam Tom.
Corey takes a breath, recovering from her scare.
Corey wakes suddenly from a nightmare.
He's still fast asleep.
Corey approaches a UTILITY SINK next to a SHOWER in the corner...  Corey focuses on the sink, and it begins to tremble.
The SINK BASIN suddenly cracks from pressure.
Awww...                            Poor tummy... Jeff and Mike taunt her from the back.
She touches the SCAR on the inner part of her right wrist...
Tom trembles like the frightened animal he personifies as Sam runs her fingers down one of the LONG, METALLIC EARS, down to one of the SHARPENED INCISORS of the EVIL-LOOKING GRIN...
Tom rises, afraid...  Sam takes his hand...
A beat.
Tom shakes his head no.
Sam's scared for a moment, but Tom lets her go.
Suddenly, a hand comes down on Jeremy's shoulder.
Hines is nervous.
O'Dell shoots him in the chest.
One of them pulls up his head and rips off his ski mask -- Tom's face is a mass of SCARS.
Both his cheeks, forehead and chin are marred by scar tissue born from long, deep gashes.
A YOUNG OFFICER approaches.
The EVIL GRIN is red with SAM'S BLOOD, and one of the teeth is missing...
The TRACK'S SHIFTING ANGLE now makes the light catch a spider web spun between the key and the wall.
They belong to SHERIFF WYNER, tipped back in his chair, fingers laced on his chest, head lolling forward.
The sheriff looks and reacts with genuine, if momentary, fear.
She shakes out the match and sits in a rocker and takes up her knitting.
He has dark circles under his eyes.
Back to the cat, watching, then turning its head at a noise: At the head of the stairs, the cellar door is opening.
He shakes him vigorously and rears back to take a swing at him.
Gawain leans back against the wall next to the vault door, arms folded across his chest.
The other men follow in an anxious herd as he traces one finger along it.
He briefly and sloppily tries to fit the phillips head into one of the four screws on the back of the unit but immediately gives up and starts a panicked wriggle back up the tunnel, whimpering.
He agonizes.
Even Gawain needs a moment to digest the horror that he himself has proposed.
BANG!
The General starts at the noise and then suddenly freezes, his eyes widening.
He reaches up to his throat, panicked.
She's worried, it doesn't show.
Suddenly passionate.
They start for the boat.
Vizzini hops onto the boat.
Nothing shows on Inigo's face, but FEZZIK is panicked by Vizzini.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           15. still close to the boat, switching from a crawl to a silent breast stroke.
Buttercup stops suddenly, treads water.
The shrieking sounds are getting louder and more terrifying.
She's scared, sure, petrified, who wouldn't be, but she makes no reply -- -- and now a SHRIEKING EEL has zeroed in on her -- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           16. -- and now she sees it, a short distance away, circling, starting to close -- -- and Buttercup is frozen, trying not to make a movement of any kind -- -- and the Eel slithers closer, closer -- -- and Buttercup knows it now, there's nothing she can do, it's over, all over -- -- and now the Eel opens its mouth wide, and it's never made such a noise, and as its great jaws are about to clamp down -- And the second we hear him: The Kid looks the same, pale and weak, but maybe he's gripping the sheets a little too tightly with his hands.
Suddenly there is a thick rope in his hands.
Buttercup is almost out of her mind with fear.
He watches a moment, then paces, shaking his hands loose.
He is a taut and nervous fellow, and has never been one for waiting around.
He touches his scars.
and the six-fingered sword is all but invisible now, as he increases his attack, then suddenly switches styles again.
But he fails.
It beats.
a knife pointed at a throat -- PULL BACK TO REVEAL Vizzini munching on an apple, holding the knife to Buttercup's throat.
She is blindfolded.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           43. as Vizzini jabs with his long knife.
watching him.
A GIANT SPURT OF FLAME leaps up, preceded by a slight popping sound, and this particular spurt of flame misses Westley, but Buttercup is suddenly onfire; at least the lower half of her is and -- instantly forcing Buttercup to sit, gathering her flaming hem in his hands, doing his best to suffocate the fire.
He was, and he shakes his head "no."
Buttercup is frozen with fear.
The thing's teeth sink deep into his arm.
He howls.
The R.0.U.S. stampedes on, changing its target, heading right for -- Buttercup, and she's scared to death and -- Westley abandons his sword, reaching for the rodent, grabbing only a tail, wrestling with it.
The danger has passed.
They stop.
Frightening.
suddenly going to its knees, wave after wave of silent KNEELING PEOPLE.
Louder and louder and LOUDER she shrieks vituperation at Buttercup, reaching out her old hands toward Buttercup's throat, and Buttercup is as frightened now as Dorothy was when the Witch went after her in "The Wizard of Oz", and suddenly, coming out of her nightmare, alone in her castle bedroom.
A terrible sound comes from his throat, an incessant gasping.
Inigo's sword pushes at his chest.
Eyes closed, he faces the grove of trees, starts to talk, his voice low and strange.
Fezzik, frightened, follows close behind.
Suddenly he whirls, eyes still closed, and the sword strikes home dead center into a knot and -- Nothing.
He has failed.
And he presses lightly on Westley's chest.
Inigo and FEZZIK shake hands.
Yellin just watches in fear.
suddenly going into a fierce attack, striking with great power and precision for he is a master swordsman, and he forces Inigo easily back, drives him easily into the wall.
And on that -- and almost too fast for the eye to follow, the sword strikes one final time and -- crying out in fear and panic as the sword hits home dead center and -- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                          116. the sword clear through the Count.
His skin is ashen and the blood still pours from the parallel cuts on his cheeks and his eyes are bulging wide, full of fear.
And now he stops, and the look that was in his eyes at the wedding, that look of fear, is starting to return.
doing his best to hide the fear that keeps building inside him.
They stop.
June 2003 A phone rings in the dark.
There is fear on her face.
Still that insistent ringing, and the covers suddenly fly off the bed.
She turns the light off and the room goes dark.
He watches her.
Suddenly, Susie gets up and kicks a cushion across the room.
The window seems to be slightly higher than Phil, so his face appears every time he jumps up to peer into the room.
Bernice drives into a giant hangar and pulls up outside a dark and shuttered office.
A beat.
Suddenly, Stanley's eyes snap open and he peers out of the window.
As the engine refuses to catch, Larry starts to panic.
The clerk looks worried.
Suddenly the door of the hearse flies open and Larry runs out.
Larry takes a sideways step, out of danger.
He rolls down his window and addresses the cop, who is staring with horror at his ruined motorcycle.
The hearse pulls up around the back of the building, and parks in a place that is hidden from the road.
Larry is staring at him with horror.
As the enormity of the news starts to sink in, Larry hops up and down in panic.
He looks out of the window at Susie, then at the 'Joshua Tree' sign, then at the door to room eight, then round to the back of the shaking hearse as Barbara tries to get the door open.
There is a 'bang' from the bathroom, and the door shakes.
The door shakes.
The door of the bathroom shakes and one of the hinges flies across the room.
In the distance a blue flashing police light suddenly materializes.
Suddenly a blue flashing police light fills her mirror.
They walk it away from the car and lay it down.
He breaks off as a flashing police light appears in the darkness, followed by a siren.
They cross the road and walk into a building through heavy wooden doors.
She looks frightened.
I know, but that's - They don't need to worry There's a knock at the office door.
They are worried and a little awed.
Nicolay opens the door to the crowded outer office to admit perpetually worried JAMES ASHLEY, 42, (R, OH.).
He shakes hands with his son, stiffly.
Hawkins follows, happy and sick with fear.
The Confederate peace commissioners hesitate; Hunter stares in horror at the black soldiers.
This is a disaster!
Tad looks at another plate: A young black woman, headscarf, huge ugly scar across her cheek and down her neck.
Robert takes his place next to his mother, as conspicuous as he'd feared he'd be in his civilian clothes.
I'm teasing!
I can't ensure a single damn thing if you scare the whole House with talk of land appropriations and revolutionary tribunals and punitive thisses and thats - When the war ends, I intend to push for full equality, the Negro vote and much more.
Lincoln shakes his head "no."
Nicolay's asleep again.
He has a panic attack, crying, hiccupy shallow breathing, face flushed.
It shocks them both.
Outside, driving rain and wind.
Schell is asleep in bed.
A nervous man enters hesitantly: Alexander Coffroth.
Stevens glares at him with what looks like horror.
Coffroth's frightened smile transforms into a rictus of pain.
Seward sits at his grand desk, looking on with an anxious scowl.
The noise of the chamber and balcony reduce to a rumble.
Sick with fear, he looks up at the sound of his name.
The noise gets wilder.
Seward looks concerned at Lincoln's fatigue.
There are screams of horror from the audience; people leap from their seats.
Robert, in uniform, red-eyed, pale as a ghost, sits at the bedside and stares at his father, barely breathing.
They shake hands warmly.
Her head comes up out of the pillow, she shakes it.
He senses the approaching typhoon, he whips it up...  Miss Caswell appears, uncertain, in the b.g.
Eve stands frozen with fear.
The car swerves - suddenly and slightly.
He hangs up.
We are concerned with the outer.
The phone jangles suddenly, startling her.
She's frightened.
She hangs up.
Suddenly, her face becomes expressionless, her eyes dull...  she glances at the table.
She stares at Eve, horror-stricken.
The girl rises in panic.
Carol's old high school boyfriend, he's now a dentist and a fabulous dancer.
Peggy sits up slowly, dazed and frightened.
They're uneasy with each other.
Mr. Kelcher sits on his recliner, Charlie, nervous, on the couch.
Nancy is frightened.
We HEAR NOISES from outside her window.
Her shorts hike up, her legs spread slightly.
Weird, guttural sounds begin to emanate from his throat.
Peggy's meandering makes Richard nervous.
Nervous, she drops it.
Suddenly, Peggy places her hand over her heart and shivers with fear.
Peggy and Barney are washing the car at a standpipe, two hundred feet from the house.
Peggy and Barney approach the car.
She shivers with recognition.
Suddenly the cord breaks.
He looks wan and old, worried sick, but trying to sing 'Peggy Sue' for her.
An EXECUTIVE rises from his desk, shakes hands with the man and they both sit down.
She picks up the box and shakes it.
The guy looks nervous, can feel the other cons' eyes on him as he tries to find a seat.
Foley watches the new inmate as fights erupt all around him and, anxious now, he tries to get out of there.
They drag her to the rear end of her car, the trunk lid still up, and crouch there as some hacks come running along the fence, past the dark gun tower and cross the road towards the orange grove.
He turns to see Foley and Karen staring at each other in the headlights from Buddy's car; Karen not at all afraid.
Suddenly, the water is turned off.
She stops where she is.
Karen shakes her head "no."
The car creeps past a huge Tudor-style country house.
Congealed blood runs down the stairs.
She indicates the scar over his eye...
And now we hear...
Meanwhile, Ripley pushes a PANIC BUTTON beneath his desk...  Ripley considers Foley a moment, then... Foley says nothing.
Kenneth, his eyes freaked with speed, glares at Buddy in the mirror.
The door opens and we see a terrified Richard Ripley sitting on top of a toilet, the phone in his lap.
To say the least, Foley is stunned by this freak accident.
He jumps out, jogs back to the street and hails a cab...  Buddy suddenly gets in, bangs on the bulletproof glass.
Hunter stares at Roby, whose momentary terror dissolves into embarrassed anger.
Suddenly, Broussard grabs Standard's arm and points.
Suddenly, Melkonis lets out a grunt of shock.
Now he is dangling free in darkness, spinning slowly on the wire as the chest unit unwinds.
In their panic and confusion, the men teeter momentarily, finally regain their balance.
Roby collapses into a chair, suddenly limp with apprehension.
He's feared something like this all along, and now it has begun to happen.
Hunter approaches and looks.
The X-ray reveals a spreading dark blot in the vicinity of Broussard's chest.
Suddenly, it starts to FALL APART IN THE PLIERS.
Suddenly the door opens and Faust sticks his head in.
Broussard lies slumped in his chair, a huge hole in his chest, spouting blood.
Hunter is still crawling on hands and knees.
After a moment of panic and confusion, Roby bolts out of the control room.
Then he clutches his throat and begins to gasp for breath.
The cat emerges from a hiding place, yowling with fear.
Suddenly, a METALLIC TAPPING SOUND is heard.
He can hear the shrieks and crashing noises.
It is extremely hot in the room; Roby instantly breaks out in sweat.
A look of terror comes onto Roby's face.
Dripping with sweat, his face a mask of fear, Roby enters the passageway, flamethrower gripped tightly in his hands.
Roby hugs the box to his chest and hunches his head down over it.
He climbs in and stretches out on his back, holding the cat against his chest.
As SNARK 2 drifts past camera, we suddenly see that A SPORE POD IS.
Zed shakes his head "no".
His pants are on.
He stops her.
An IMAGE overcomes her mind.
Zed is asleep.
Zoey is asleep in his arms.
The knock becomes a pound.
Suddenly, a SPIDER MONKEY dressed in a little Uncle Sam costume comes screeching up onto Zed's lap and then up onto his head, the whole time clawing at his eyes.
Zed shakes his head "no".
Suddenly our plane of focus wildly shifts and we...  Ricardo is racing Eric's car through the streets of Paris weaving in and out of traffic.
Suddenly, everyone in the car is shouting out the windows.
Suddenly, a SPIDER MONKEY dressed in a little Uncle Sam costume comes screeching up onto Zed's lap and then up onto his head, the whole time clawing at his eyes.
Zed shakes his head "no".
Suddenly our plane of focus wildly shifts and we...  Ricardo is racing Eric's car through the streets of Paris weaving in and out of traffic.
Suddenly, everyone in the car is shouting out the windows.
Zoey looks at all the people sitting around her.  They're all scared.
Then her eyes lock with the concierge security guard.
Two of them hit Ricardo in the chest.
Scrambling on their hands and knees Zed and Eric crawl out of the Poseidon vault.
He stops.
Eric suddenly calms down.
Everyone waits until suddenly they hear a burst of gunfire from outside.
Zed hovers over the body, afraid to touch it.
She shakes her head "no".
Suddenly, from the back office, Zed sees Zoey blasting away an Uzi and running toward the rear stairwell.
An IMAGE overcomes Zed.
Francois and Claude are more worried about the tear gas.
Eric lifts him to his feet and holds him up against the knife.
Suddenly a black figure runs across the bank behind the shadows, Francois sees it and nervously fires.
The other customers start to flee for cover.
Suddenly, Zed stumbles in.
The police are now laying it on heavy.
Eric drops the gun but quickly whips out his knife.
Eric pulls it free and the knife falls to the floor.
An IMAGE overcomes Eric.
Zed looks like he's been in a burning building.
-- The wind began to switch -- the house to pitch And suddenly the hinges started to unhitch.
-- is frightened -- speaks with Glinda -- MS -- The Wicked Witch turns away from the farm house -- CAMERA PANS, TRUCKS right with her as she goes to Dorothy and Glinda -- the Munchkins are prostrate on the ground in b.g.
-- WITCH o.s.
MLS -- The Witch backs away from Dorothy and Glinda as the CAMERA BOOMS back -- she laughs menacingly -- the Munchkins hug the ground with fear -- the Witch disappears in a cloud of fire and smoke -- MCS -- Glinda and Dorothy -- Glinda speaks to the Munchkins o.s.
SCARECROW o.s.
-- SCARECROW o.s.
-- SCARECROW o.s.
-- SCARECROW o.s.
MCS -- Tin Man -- Dorothy and Scarecrow frightened -- speak -- look o.s.
SCARECROW o.s.
-- flame and smoke belching forth from the throne -- LS -- Throne -- fire and smoke issuing forth -- MLS -- The Four trembling and shaking with fear -- LS -- Throne -- MLS -- The Four react with fear -- the others shove Dorothy forward -- she comes forward, speaks -- MCU -- Dorothy -- speaks, looks back at the others -- ELS -- Throne -- flame and smoke pouring out -- MCU -- Dorothy reacts, turns and runs back to the others -- MLS -- Dorothy returns to the other three -- speaks - MLS -- The Four -- the Tin Man shakes, speaks - comes wobbling forward -- LS - Throne -- MCU -- Tin Man trembling with fear -- he speaks, then reacts as the Voice booms out -- turns to run -- LS -- The Tin Man runs back to Dorothy, Lion and the Scarecrow as flames pour from the throne in b.g.
-- he speaks -- salaams -- MLS -- Scarecrow rises, runs back to Lion, Tin Man    and Dorothy -- MLS -- Scarecrow, Dorothy, Lion and Tin Man -- the Lion groans with fear as he comes slowly forward -- Oh -- Oh -- Ohhhh!
-- SCARECROW o.s.
-- WITCH o.s.
-- CAMERA PULLS back as she comes up to Scarecrow, Dorothy and the Tin Man -- she speaks to them -- CS -- Tin Man, Dorothy and Scarecrow -- Lion hiding behind the Tin Man -- all tremble with fear -- WITCH o.s.
Da Vinci and Plato's eyes suddenly grow with concern as they see Master Mind walk up behind Einstein.
Her face uncovered, we finally see Roxanne's striking features - all of which seem overshadowed by piercing eyes that seem more put off by the situation than afraid of it.
The boat is shooting through the ocean, away from the observatory.
Then, as suddenly as it began, the awesome light dies out.
The robot stops, then suddenly it's head opens up like convertible car top with Master Mind and Plato at the driver's wheel.
To his horror the crane DROPS ITS LOAD OF STEEL.
She screams.
They're suddenly interrupted when another reporter pushes his way in between them.
Suddenly realizing his outburst, he begins COUGHING to mask it.
In a sudden rush, he rises out of his chair.
Plato throws the switch DROPPING A SINGLE SPIDER onto Stenwick's arm.
He brushes the spider off.
Intrigued, he suddenly sits up in his chair.
A plan of attack is forming.
TRUCKER#1 suddenly puts his hands in the air.
suddenly has a memo passed to him.
Suddenly Hal realizes his cat's talking to him.
He freaks out and begins to lose control of his flow as it destroys everything he accidently aims at; the bathroom mirror, a bottle of cheap cologne, the bathroom window.
Hal sits up, disheveled and scared.
Pat panics.
It's not unlike Uberman's except for a giant "T" on his chest.
John fires a shot in the air, sending everyone into an immediate panic.
He watches Titan's first news conference with great anxiety.
Pat turns, suddenly seeing Roxanne with her camera crew.
Einstein looks frightened as he tries to pry himself free of Master Mind's grip.
John suddenly gets a disturbed look in his eye, realizing what she's talking about.
Suddenly, they shoot back open.
Master Mind starts to walk out when he's suddenly confronted by the shopkeeper.
He storms out of the room.
Next to him, is a picture of Titan in a red costume with a black cape, but his chest is mysteriously blank.
The overly large henchmen starts to pull his master from the dumpster when they suddenly hear a voice from above.
His eyes suddenly grow wide with terror.
Suddenly, he starts to SPIN like a human top, DRILLING HIMSELF INTO THE STREET BELOW.
We hear NOISE from a TV in the background as she tries to adjust her vision.
A BONGING sound suddenly bellows through the dark halls.
The door by the pinball machine suddenly swings open.
They FIRE.
Titan is suddenly bombarded by a massive barrage of machine- gun fire.
Suddenly, there's a loud crash.
Titan suddenly steps into the shot.
Titan flies a few feet and rolls the ball down the main street.
We suddenly see MASTER MIND FLYING OVER THE ROLLING BALL IN A He quickly pulls out his goo gun and starts laying down a path of sticky plasm to stop the destructive sphere's path.
Titan's EYE LASERS burn through the hydrant releasing a high pressure stream of water.
Thug #1 draws a knife.
Risks of surgery: Amputation of limbs.
Paralysis.
Startled.
A beat.
Edith's a nervous wreck, frantic and hysterical.
A look of panic sweeps across his face... he quickly shakes it off.
That did not help to ease Adam's anxiety.
ROSE (60.) approaches.
Adam looks over to see his mother surrounded by a dozen sympathetic listeners as she tells them her horror story of having a son with cancer.
Adam looks on in terror.
Katie's a little shaken by Adam's outburst.
Adam looks around in fear of saying the wrong thing.
Suddenly, Rachel walks through the front door.
A beat.
Miniature men, women, and children run through the streets in horror.
A crowd of Museum guests walk past in horror.
Edith looks at her watch and shivers.
Edith turns to Adam helpless and scared.
Suddenly Rachel's iPhone VIBRATES.
Suddenly the back door swings open.
A beat.
A beat.
Suddenly Adam passes out.
They both stare up at the ceiling - terrified about the future.
They're both nervous.
Adam's in his hospital bed - still asleep from the surgery.
Walter walks across the parking lot and gets into his car.
Suddenly he hears the sound of running water from the bathroom.
Suddenly Walter is pushed up against the wall.
Walter is terrified.
Tarek is getting nervous.
He stops.
Beat.
Suddenly a MAN takes Tarek by the arm.
Tarek is starting to panic.
Suddenly Cop #1 starts to handcuff Tarek.
Zainab immediately starts to panic.
Suddenly there is a knock at his door.
They stand up and shake hands.
He hangs up.
He is helpless.
He is suddenly adrift.
Beat.
She looks out the window with sudden fright, tossing hair out of her eyes, in a gesture that's habitual to her in moments of stress.
MUNSON, a scared looking assistant, comes running up the stairs with a computer print-out sheet.
FLASH is poised to jump, but ZARKOV suddenly pushes DALE off- balance, INTO the capsule.
Deep in shadow, gleaming with evil amusement.
He succeeds, with horror SEES where they are headed.
With a little cry of horror, DALE shrinks back into FLASH'S arms.
FLASH is paralyzed by indecision one beat more, then suddenly makes up his mind.
Vanished.
Wheeling himself away in fear and revulsion, FLASH encounters AURA.
Suddenly he stops short, looking in through the tinted glass.
Suddenly FLASH seizes her by the shoulders, stops her.
Chained as he is, he suddenly bounds over and seizes a sword hilt, tries to pull it out.
With a sudden thoughtful look, his head working.
FLASH stares at her a moment, then suddenly MOVES HIS HANDS sharply over the control panel.
Suddenly a FILTERED VOICE is HEARD from nowhere, though it seems very close: She blinks, befuddled, pauses in her oiling of herself.
Working his hands over the control sensors as crazy GREENERY rushes by outside.
We SEE another PAIR OF LION MEN crouching nearby, terrified.
Suddenly he stops, reacting to AURA on the balcony.
He seizes it.
CU FLASH watching with horrified revulsion.
A battle-scarred OLD TREE MAN steps forward.
BIG CU SNAKE with a hiss, fangs strike a wrist.
With eyes widening in horror, hs face starts to turn BLUE.
The snake's head MOVES fast.
Suddenly the branches end.
With horror, FLASH realizes the tendril is feeding him into the flower's maw.
Suddenly a SHADOW covers BARIN.
SHADOW over them suddenly.
Suddenly the fight begins.
TIGER MAN suddenly leaps out onto the disc, slides over between the knives, helps FLASH pull BARIN up to safety.
It is being evacuated.
He calls for her: Dark SHADOW falls over DALE.
LION MEN and TREE MEN cower in terror.
TREE MEN cry with primal fear as the SEE the sky revealed.
Howls in terror, makes a break for cover.
KLYTUS is swallowed again in shadow.
It's an armed camp.
He doesn't notice the SHADOW that suddenly passes over him, moves on quickly.
Suddenly INVISIBLE FLASH steps behind a flaring torch, casting an enormous SHADOW on the wall.
THUD of a body falling, brief silence, then sound of a KEY IN THE LOCK.
Suddenly he TRIPS OVER NOTHING and crashes headlong to be dispatched by another HAWKMAN.
Suddenly MUSIC is heard from below.
Shrieking MONGONS flee under showers of fire.
Suddenly FLASH starts to lose his invisibility.
KLYTUS springs back, blood gushing down over his eyes.
Lunges with horror, slashes with his sword point.
Suddenly changes horribly.
There isn't a drop of blood.
She stops.
She hears it, too.
EIGHT SILHOUETTES are crouched in the dark room.
Wills sits across from her, watching and worrying.
Charlotte looks up and masks her anxiety with a grin -- Wills doesn't react.
The librarian, a little nervous now, reminds him that he is not allowed in the library.
As their passion builds, Charlotte is suddenly stabbed with a pain in her chest.
Charlotte's voice, almost inaudible, drifts up through the dark -- Wills, half-asleep, murmurs deeply -- They lie in silence.
Suddenly, shocked, he stops on a letter.
Eyes closed, she asks -- A cardboard ghost hangs on the door.
She touches her own chest.
He looks out the window, speechless, his eyes small and frightened.
Dolores' eyes grow nervous.
She looks over and their eyes collide.
She rises, gives Charlotte a nervous, awkward pat on the shoulder, then crosses over to the bar.
He opens it and inside is handwritten: The scariest night of the year and only one thing haunts me: that we might never have met.
Dark, smoky, and boisterous.
Alarmed, Wills jumps up -- Wills, fearing the worst, hurries to John -- John slams down the phone, grabs him by the arm, hauls him through the reception area and out the door.
John walks slowly now, backward, listening to an anxious Wills -- He stops and leans back against a building.
John speaks softly -- Wills lifts his frightened eyes.
He is distracted and terribly anxious.
But then she stops.
He sees that she's scared to death.
Wills walks down a dark block, his jacket open to the cold night wind, his cheeks and ears burned red.
Charlotte lies asleep with her head on his chest.
He crawls to his feet and studies it.
Wills, beside himself with panic, is gently barred by a MEDIC from jumping in with her.
Maybe you think Suddenly his eyes fall   you could -- Oh-oh! on: It is a dark-green Dodge business coupe, also waiting for the light to change.
deserted.
He is semi-paralyzed.
Through the far archway, Gillis storms into the big room.
breathe in that house, DISSOLVE TO:                 Desmonds?
was afraid of that world Above their heads are the     outside.
Afraid it typical openings for a pro-   would remind her that jector.
In a sudden flareup she jumps to her feet and stands in the flickering beam of light.
Her eyes fall on Gillis.
Gillis stands paralyzed, the slap burning his cheek.
He suddenly becomes aware that he is watched, turns.
He hangs up.
He stands listening, paralyzed.
Dark except for lights from the house and the luminousness of the lit pool.
She shoots him.
eras.
Shows that the car is fast approaching the point where the herd of sheep are about to cross the road.
We SEE terrified PASSENGERS inside.
As a police TECHIE inserts a dentist's mirror through a drilled hole in the bus's door, the L.E.D. begins to BLINK and the passengers SCREAM and dive for cover.
The dark-skinned man is trying to keep up: Small puckered SCARS.
As the other agents approach Khalil: As he heads out of the room, he says to a waiting Agent.
Elise looks at him, utterly unfazed by the threat.
Through a Marksman's SCOPE we SEE the terrified passengers forced to stand, catch glimpses of the TERRORISTS, obscured by the hostages.
She is suddenly pale.
Hub can see the dread in Elise's eyes.
No response -- then suddenly, the bus doors HISS OPEN And six bewildered, ashen-faced CHILDREN step out before the doors HISS closed behind them.
As Hub and a couple of the cops hurry out from behind the barricades to help the children cross the NO-MAN'S LAND to safety, a smattering of APPLAUSE breaks out among the cops.
Frank shakes his head, don't do this.
The room is dark.
Dried blood runs off in rivulets from his hands.
As they shake, Elise sticks her head in the door without knocking.
Two other YOUNG ARABS in the next room barely take their eyes off the rerun of "Hunter."
The Young Arab, momentarily disoriented, stumbles to his feet, only to be confronted by six armed agents -- all aiming at his chest.
She's stunning.
The SOUND of the CHOPPER and the WHITE NOISE drown him out.
Hub closes his eyes to the imminent nightmare, and then: He takes off, barreling down the hall, toward the locked door of the classroom.
She hands Hub another fax: "Last Warning.
Devereaux sees Hub and strides over to him: Devereaux suddenly goes ice cold.
A YELLOW SCHOOL BUS pulls up beside them and armed soldiers hop out.
Suddenly, A volley ROCKS AND BOTTLES come hurtling out of nowhere, smashing harmlessly against the armor.
As they dive into their attack trajectory -- Crawls, dragging Tariq toward the doors as: Of the Attack helicopter fires 2,000 rounds a minute -- virtually UNZIPPING the warehouse -- softening it for THE TWO HYDRA ROCKETS that reduce it instantly to a huge FIREBALL.
A mob of frightened parents, girlfriends, and furious fathers.
Her eyes are haunted.
No Fear..." Devereaux watches in dread as the marchers close the gap on the battle-line of anxious soldiers is this why he became a soldier?
Pound up the stairs of the building.
Hub stares in dread fascination.
Hub is pushed aside as they begin triage -- but it doesn't look good as suddenly, she begins to convulse.
She looks nervous and disconcerted as she reaches into her purse.
He starts walking down the sidewalk when suddenly he STOPS IN HIS TRACKS.
Suddenly we hear a LOUD KNOCK at the door.
Suddenly he stops in his tracks.
As he moves to put it in the ashtray, he accidentally Harry shrugs, shakes some salt into his palm, and flings it over his shoulder.
A nervous Harry trails after him.
Suddenly we hear a PEEING SOUND.
Outside the booth, an ANXIOUS MAN impatiently   paces back and forth as he waits for the phone.
The Anxious Man KNOCKS on the booth again.
Shay shrugs, nervous.
fearing adults call the Bible.
A frightened J.P. Shay is TALKING on the phone with Nicholas Andre.
Andre walks to the edge of the dark hole.
Just as a concerned look crosses Lloyd's face, we hear the BATHROOM DOOR SQUEAK OPEN AND SLAM SHUT! Terrified, Lloyd quickly locks the stall door, then crouches on the toilet bowl so his feet aren't visible.
ON THE MEN'S ROOM DOOR - it bursts open and a FLAME-FOOTED Harry rushes into the bathroom, panic-stricken.
Suddenly a HEARSE pulls up and stops.
The car is parked in a parking lot across the street from a picturesque bridge.
He climbs on top and CLASPS HIS HANDS Suddenly Lloyd's EYES LIGHT UP as he sees something O.S. behind his friend.
This suddenly makes sense to Harry.
The other CUSTOMERS stare in horror at this.
For a moment, he's caught up in Mary's eyes, but then manages to snap out of it.
Suddenly Harry appears in the room, dressed ridiculously.
Suddenly we hear a LOW, INTESTINAL RUMBLE.
He's walking up the steps to the house when we hear more GASEOUS THUNDER from his stomach.
Suddenly the DOORBELL RINGS.
An anxious looking Mary is at the wheel.
Suddenly, a SHOT RINGS OUT and the gun is blown out of Andre's hand.
There's a sudden commotion in the room.
Suddenly a wet paint roller loaded with white paint cuts a swath across the ceiling.
Corky looks up from Violet's breast to her dark eyes.
She runs her fingers softly over the slightly scarred skin.
She climbs inside and slides the key into the ignition, when suddenly the passenger door opens and -- Violet gets in.
He is very nervous, talking to someone through the intercom.
Dark wood and padded leather.
She stops.
Caesar stands over the desk, afraid to open the case.
His chest collapses onto itself while his hands ball into fists.
He can see the fear on her face as she goes to the bar.
From behind the gun we watch Gino's grip yanked free, time melting away as he falls, blood bubbling from his chest, his eyes wide in disbelief.
Blood spurts from Roy as two bullets hit, his gun clattering and sliding across the floor.
Blood creeps along the edge of the floorboards.
She sees that Violet is afraid as the two women seem to speak to each other with their eyes.
Suddenly, Violet hears Caesar.
Fear and panic paralyze Violet as Caesar drops everything, grabbing for his gun.
He storms out of the room.
Her eyes widen with terror.
Caesar holds his chest, laying it on a bit thick.
He is going to attack when -- Across the room, the phone rings.
Suddenly, her eyes blink open.
Whispering, she acts terrified.
They fight, Corky raining blows onto his back and flailing arm until -- He catches her foot, flipping her as he clambers up.
The various "warnings" change daily.
He shakes his head "no."
She's concerned.
Bill shakes his head "NO" as Bruce pulls him into frame.
Bruce carries his box to his car, when he HEARS A NOISE.
He SINKS UP TO HIS KNEE.
He gets out, shakes off his sopping leg, and heads inside.
Bruce is half scared, half thrilled.
Suddenly the light hits him from the open bathroom door and he quickly strikes a casual pose.
She dives on Bruce, attacking him.
Exclusive".
We start to make out fragments of words "Please," "Help me," etc. Overwhelmed and scared, he slides down the alley wall, covering his face, then TOTAL SILENCE -- Bruce lowers his hands and finds himself SITTING ATOP A HIGH God sits down next to Bruce.
* He's fallen asleep by the computer.
As he wakes he sees:           * "1,567,432 unread messages"                                        * Suddenly, Grace bounds out of the bathroom.
And mayb e that threatens you.
CRASH!
A BIG BLOOD DRIVE in progre   ss.
She scares him, but he lights her fresh cigarette anyway.
GLENN is too scared to say anything and takes off down the hall.
They shake hands.
Afraid she has gone too far, BARBARA JEAN stops crying and tries to make everything all right.
But she is still choking in her own panic of being left.
She begins to shiver.
She scares GREEN, too, but he recovers better.
They shake.
TOM is having a serious attack of too much of everything.
NORMAN enters and they shake.
He's getting worried.
He slows down.
Suddenly there is another person's VOICE on the line.
He hangs up.
She goes on out the door as he walks to the desk.
He is stunned.
She shakes her head, "no" quite caught up in air.
Suddenly she freezes.
She is about to pass out from terror, when all or a sudden he eases of.
SUELEEN'S terror now is divided between the two men.
It's an accident they're here.
LINNEA panics, BILL burns, OPAL and MARY watch after TOM, NORMAN keeps silent.
She faints.
TOM laughs as she shuts the curtain in horror, then she proceeds to take a sponge bath.
ALBUQUERQUE'S who has fled STAR again, waits near him.
Suddenly there is a sharp jolt in HAVEN'S body and BARBARA JEAN is down.
ALRUQUERQUE suddenly is with microphone..
What'd she do, faint again?
BANG!
Dale watches in horror as a LARGE GREY-HAIRED MAN and the Female Cop step forward and shoot the Asian man! BLAM! BLAM! Blood splatters!
CRASH!!!
Saul and Dale run to the elevator and frantically press the button, terrified for their lives.
Saul runs back to his apartment, leaving Dale alone and frightened.
Red sounds nervous.
RED, 30, stalky and short, sits between the BUDLOFSKY and This worries the thugs.
They look into the scary dark depths of the woods.
They inch forward, nervous.
SUDDENLY, Saul SPRINTS off into the darkness!
Dale looks in horror as Saul vanishes amongst the trees.
Dale freezes in horror: ANGIE'S PARENTS (SHANNON and ROBERT.) are pleasantly eating at the dining room table.
Suddenly, Saul bursts through the front door in a panicked frenzy.
Beat.
Kicked me out for having a swiss army knife.
Everyone has a swiss army knife!
Dale freezes in horror.
ANGLE ON: Saul Saul merrily turns into the alley holding TWO RED SLURPEES, when he jumps back in terror!
They SCREAM.
As the Police Liaison gets out of her car, Saul can be seen crawling around the back of the vehicle, clutching his testicles.
The frightened Police Liaison looks at the windshield.
He speeds backwards up the alley as the Police Liaison runs after them - GUN Suddenly, Carol (the cop from Ted's house.)
After a moment of silence he starts wildly kicking the door window.
Dale is terrified.
BLAM! Budlofsky shoots Thug 1 in the chest.
Suddenly, the door opens and Dale is tossed in by Budlofsky.
Five Asian men lay on their stomachs in the tree line dressed in black and armed with machine guns.
Suddenly, they hear approaching footsteps.
The Matheson's gun slides across the room, hitting Dale's motionless body.
SUDDENLY, there is an EXPLOSION and a hole is blown in the barn wall.
They watch in horror as several more creep in through the hole the Escalade made.
Saul suddenly GRABS Dale and pulls him down.
They are being shot at again.
They run and turn several corners when Saul suddenly trips over a dead thug.
Dale frantically runs through the rows of plants, when SUDDENLY he sees the strange scuba suit out of the corner of his eye and swings his gun at it, nearly opening fire.
He PUNCHES her again.
SLAM!
Ted rips off his shirt, revealing dozens of fearsome tattoos and scars.
They both swing and their grow lights collide, sending shards of glass everywhere.
SMASH!
After a brief moment, Saul suddenly seems afraid.
Dale starts getting nervous, but tries to hide it.
Dale suddenly looks over his shoulder, but sees nothing.
Assailable.
We watch Bree as she mounts to the top floor, the door of her apartment, barren, isolated, frightened.
We look past RACKS OF CLOTHING, as BREE arrives up the dark stairway into dark rooms -- the scene, mysterious, a little sinister.
She startles.
She falls silent as suddenly as she began.
Klute gives chase -- over ridges, past water tanks, oddments of roof furniture -- The FIGURE races to a roof door disappearing into abandoned building.
Bree is fast asleep with her head pillowed on his midsection.
He seizes her arm, shakes the garment back onto the floor.
The same elementary terror we've seen before.
Frank rises, both nervous and offended -- but dealing with Klute as between civilized men.
She swings about as he overtakes her, holding a pair of scissors -- simply and transcendently terrified.
Her hands are shaking; she misdials -- holds down the receiver for a moment then starts again.
CAMERA pulls back to reveal we are watching her through the windshield of a car in the parking lot across the street.
He hunkers down.
The man throws a backward glance over his shoulder, fear- fully, as he runs.
His HANDS are SPLATTERED with BLOOD.
Because of this, the RED GLOW, the air of FEAR to the man, and the GROUND HEAVING and BUCKLING, there is almost a SATANIC suggestion to the scene.
The Rekall people stare at each other in quiet horror.
He takes a modern, lethal gun from his pocket.
Quail is terrified.
He is tearful with fear.
He cringes.
His hands across his face.
Suddenly, Quail stops cringing.
the FEAR DISAPPEARS FROM HIS FACE, and is replaced by an odd, thoughtful expression.
The one with the ear plug [suddenly talks.]
Quail looks at him with distaste but is only anxious to be given the key to his room.
Two EIO men are standing there aiming lethal-looking high-velocity weapons at him.
Most of the armed men instantly head off up the stairs, their weapons at the ready.
QUAIL ENTERS FRAME, and approaching the pawnshop, stepping over a BUM in a doorway.
The man with the ear plug suddenly reacts.
The desert is cut by a ROAD, which snakes across the rocky terrain.
Suddenly, she slaps him hard across the face.
The solar car is moving through the crowd, when suddenly SIRENS approach on a cross street.
The waiter is too frightened to protest.
It is an abandoned mine.
Suddenly, the door opens and THREE BEEFY E.I.O.
Bennie is nervous.
Suddenly, it stops moving.
Bennie attacks Quail with his buzz-saw arm;  Quail dodges.
Melina clutches the terrifying appendage with both hands, desperately keeping it at bay.
Melina hides her face in horror.
THE SPHINX'S RIGHT EYE BLOWS IN a storm of shards and shrapnell.
Everyone panics, grabbing their An aide dives for an EMERGENCY SWITCH.
Is this his own death?
Quail sees it, but it only terrifies him more.
The miners' desert garb, shield goggles and breathers add to the surreal nightmare quality of Quail's tortured perspective -- In terror, lost, disoriented totally.
In JAKE's corner, JOEY stands and yells at JAKE: JAKE suddenly corners REEVES and unleashes a desperate, wild alley-fighting attack.
SALVY and JOEY approach the building.
JOEY notices the same and becomes a bit nervous.
JAKE is anxious.
VICKIE is scared.
JOEY shakes hands with COMO.
VICKIE is nervous.
SALVY, JOEY, and PATSY shake hands.
She is nervous.
Then, suddenly, falling into character...  he quotes lago's speech in Othello.
Suddenly, JAKE comes through the front door, goes directly to the table, grabs JOEY, lifts him into the air, and starts hitting him.
LENORE wants to stop the fight, but is afraid to get too close.
It is after the fight.
JAKE is nervous, but follows VICKIE.
His WIFE gives a nervous laugh.
But before they can attack the Guards, de Treville's com- manding voice calls out above the clamor.
Athos fixes Jussac with a dark, threatening look.
Women in danger!
D'Artagnan rides to the top of the ridge, stops suddenly, sees something that takes his breath away.
The place is a cemetery, haunted by the ghosts of generations of Musketeers.
A beat.
The Damsel attacks him again.
Suddenly, a pounding on the door.
He calls out: Worry makes him hurry.
Fear.
The sharp tip of a sword pokes him in the chest.
Rochefort storms from the cell.
Suddenly: scabrous hands reach from inside the cell, grab d'Artagnan by the throat.
D'Artagnan watches as the door opens, revealing...  Cardinal Richelieu, a fear- some apparition in red, the most powerful man in France.
Porthos lays his axe aside, approaches d'Artagnan in a threatening manner.
That's when screams of panic erupt from the crowd.
But the Cardinal looks on with horror.
He stands suddenly, turns, and walks away.
Rochefort steps INTO VIEW, anxious, out of breath.
Suddenly: pounding HOOFBEATS    come over the scene.
They are armed with muskets and swords.
Suddenly: two other men step before the wagon, pointing muskets.
THUNDER RUMBLES and RAINS begins to fall.
Outisde, the STORM BLOWS.
Porthos is on the lookout for danger.
D'Artagnan looks over Porthos' shoulder, to the dark-haired Barmaid seen previ- ously.
Porthos pulls one of the Barmaids to his chest, brings her lips toward his.
D'Artagnan looks at the dark-haired Barmaid across the room.
Their horses rear up in fear, threatening to dump them out of their saddles.
Richelieu nods, not the least bit concerned.
As Richelieu draws him deeper into his spider's strategems.
They attack with everything they've got.
Pressure equalized."
Kirk and Scott are met by a nervous, perspiring Kirk gestures him to leave, and Scott hurries away.
as everyone else is suddenly aware of Kirk.
She approaches Kirk (NOTE: Throughout this sequence, Sulu eyes ILIA with unrestrained admiration.) as Ilia starts to speak, suddenly stops: she has just then noticed Decker, who has stepped from his station to face her.
You'll have no problem... " Sulu is nervous, fluttery around this lovely creature -- now hits a wrong switch.
She is very concerned.
as we HEAR the CLANK and WHOOSH of the AIRLOCK MECHAN- ISM.
The Deltan woman takes Chekov's upper arm in both her hands, kneading her fingers deep into nerve centers -- Chekov's pain begins to quickly recede and he is almost startled by the sudden relief.
Considerable tension of bridge -- crew members, throwing nervous looks from viewer to Kirk.
The bridge crew reacting hard, shocked and shaken -- the THROBBING SOUND of the Alien thing intensifies as it begins to move across the bridge.
Suddenly, in b.g., an elevator door snaps oen and two SECURITY MEN burst onto the bridge, phasers drawn.
entering, Spock slightly behind him - and one Security Guard.
Kirk addresses her: rushing in, concerned: At the sight of 'Ilia", McCoy's words die in his throat -- and his trained eyes have instantly told him some- thing is awry.
A sudden STORM OF LIGHT AND STRANGE SOUND.
Mr. Jones is a bit shaken up.
Uncle Elroy starts towards to the house.
He loses it.
Now he's a madman.
Suddenly the door flies open and Ezal comes flying out on his ass.
Craig is breathing hard but he's calm, but Day-Day is terrified.
Uncle Elroy falls to the floor on his hands and knees.
Suddenly, his eyes bulge out and he starts to toke, and toke, and toke, and toke.
He starts to cough out of control and he falls next to Uncle Elroy who's still coughing.
Uncle Elroy staggers to his feet.
Craig steps into Uncle Elroy's freak palace.
Uncle Elroy and Suga are asleep in a leopard-skin waterbed.
He's about to shake him when Uncle Elroy lets out a big grunt.
Craig shakes him.
Uncle Elroy and Suga lay asleep as if nothing ever happened.
He shakes the door.
Uncle Elroy takes it with his greasy hands.
Karla storms out the room.
Day-Day looks nervous.
Day-Day is scared shitless.
Suddenly Cheeco falls back on his butt and lets out a slight moan.
Cheeco lays down.
Craig looks nervous.
She shakes the knob.
Day-Day and Roach are sitting on a couch looking nervous.
The three half-dressed Mexican Girls look a bit scared themselves.
He steps in the house and closes the door behind him.
The scared Girls start to dress.
Day-Day and Roach look terrified.
Debo and Ezal are still asleep.
The terror continues.
He storms out the room.
Suddenly, out of nowhere...
She stops in front of Uncle Elroy's house.
The plane is shaking terribly and the pilot is having a very hard time controlling it.
It is dead.
The whole shelter goes dark.
her scream.
She wakes up.
Suddenly it STOPS TICKING and a rather annoying ALARM GOES OFF.
Suddenly, a cross-dressing STREET WALKER steps up to him with a cigarette.
Calvin sits at the breakfast table, still breathing hard and holding his chest.
Breathing heavily, Calvin suddenly clutches at his chest in great pain and collapses.
Currently he's on his knees, rocking back and forth as he prays.
There came a rumbling even as from the very bowels of the earth and a great light showed forth followed by gates of armor which opened and shut and delivered up the vision of a young man whose countenance caused the Soda Jerk to be struck dumb and to fall on his face and to weep in fear.
He is in shock.
The passengers look at him in amazement and some fear.
who are anxious for Adam to leave.
stopping suddenly.
Jerry takes a nervous step backwards, but Eve steps back in and pulls Adam out.
The dash lights fascinate him but the car scares him.
The sudden speed scares Adam.
The height scares him to death.
At the house phone.
She stops.
They head for the house.
watching.
They shake.
More stunned.
watching.
They are shocked.
Suddenly Adam appears from the side of the house, startling everyone.
The Pakistani and two customers become concerned.
watches.
They go bonkers when they see the house.
Beat.
Sanji's suddenly getting to Carl.
The Wiry, Anxious Woman Gives Carl a creepy thumbs up.
Carl's asleep.
Carl turns away, nervous that he's accepted her invitation.
Peter and Carl shake hands.
They are terrible.
Carl, not knowing how to politely react to the horror show he just witnessed, claps along.
Suddenly she starts laughing spazzily hard.
Beat.
We now see that to avoid the flyer guys he uses a series of alleys and fire escapes, crossing roofs, even jumping between two buildings so he can avoid being approached.
Carl starts to awkwardly shake his groove thing.
Honestly, I'm terrified.
Beat.
They shake hands.
Beat.
Beat.
He stops.
Carl's terrified of the bill.
Honestly, I'm terrified.
Beat.
Beat.
They're suddenly going crazy fast.
Carl breathes a SIGH OF RELIEF.
Beat.
It's horrifying.
Mike pulls into the empty parking lot, climbs out of his car and into the building.
THUNDER roars scaring Mike and literally shaking the Audi.
CRACK.
Ed's eyes widen with FEAR.
He's still 17.
Mike pounds on the horn, scaring them apart.
ANGLE: Mike and a nervous Alex make their way down the sand.
The Kids and Mike burst out laughing, break out their video phones as Stan fumbles around, dragging the desk, PANICKING.
Alex takes a deep breath, tired of being afraid- Alex throws his hands up, tries to defend the much bigger Stan.
Mike and a nervous Alex sit outside the principal's office.
Mike panics, fearing the worst- Mike slaps his palms over his ears.
As he passes a half open door, he pauses, peeks in... Scarlet, facing away, pulls a shirt over her nude back, shakes out her long hair.
Stops.
SLAM.
Mage.
Bitch!
She's vulnerable.
The dream frightened him.
Suddenly the door opens and TONY (ANTHONY DEVENZIANO.) comes in.
A few "freaks" are in the BG.
Suddenly the mailbox explodes.
Suddenly MICHAEL appears and sits down at CHARLIE's table.
JOHNNY BOY panics.
Suddenly the light is turned on.
Suddenly the DRUNK on the bar stops singing and sits up, dazed.
It is obvious that MICHAEL does not want to take them but he is also afraid of attracting any attention so he quickly ushers them into the car.
They are shocked.
The blood is on the bed, her legs, back, and his hands.
GIOVANNI and MARIO are calmly sipping their coffee as they listen to the old man's nervous talk.
Suddenly, the doorbell rings and everyone looks up.
He winces.
JIMMY and CHARLIE shake.
He hangs up.
TERESA is visibly shaken but CHARLIE cannot be bothered.
TERESA is frightened and rushes towards CHARLIE.
CHARLIE is embarrassed and TERESA is afraid.
TERESA is terrified that JOHNNY BOY will really go to CHARLIE'S uncle.
She looks up, startled, and the boy appears to be frightened.
The GIRL is really scared now.
The BOY, although he is scared, lunges at CHARLIE.
He is screaming.
Lotte, also 30, in the middle of dressing for work, hurries in and pulls the bird from Craig's chest.
Sweat appears on the real Craigs brow.
They drive in silence.
The room is dark.
It's dark and wet.
The image starts to fade, then suddenly goes black.
Lotte and Maxine shake hands.
Suddenly, at the same moment, both Craig and Lotte lunge for Maxine and start kissing her passionately about the face and neck.
Lotte sits on the floor in the dark.
Suddenly there is a slurping sound.
It's scary: giant toads, swirling eddies of garish, colored lights, naked old people pointing and laughing, black velvet clown paintings.
Malkovich is panicked.
Malkovich is huddled and shivering and soaking wet.
Suddenly his eyes narrow.
Lotte, visibly shaken, dials the phone.
Lotte sits across from him looking nervous and hollow-eyed.
Maxine and Malkovich shake their heads "no."
He is frightened.
Maxine is suddenly interested.
Malkovich watches impressed and a little scared by this bravura performance.
She emerges.
There is a noise behind her.
He holds up the Lethal Weapon DVDs.
He gets right in his face... scary, intense.
Dwayne shifts, uncomfortably, at the sore subject.
He pulls over outside an office building.
The guys are watching Lethal Weapon.
from killing himself.
Lethal Weapon resumes.
Most of them were accidental.
Will is frozen in fear.
Will awkwardly gets to his feet and arranges himself in the car, adjusting to the weight of the bomb.
Will's car flies down the road.
The wiring that runs throughout the vest is messy and complicated, purposely so, to scare anyone out of fucking with it.
He shrieks.
They stop cold, panicked.
Behind them: police cruisers in hot pursuit.
Madness.
Will's hands go to the bomb... still intact.
He screams.
Vaughn takes a sudden step back.
The Major creeps along.
It fires a .22
The Major looks up at Vaughn, once again face to face with a loaded weapon.
The Major goes limp, one searing hole in his chest.
It's vibrating.
She is trembling.
Will absorbs this like a blow to the chest.
Kate looks on, terrified, an unconscious Will at her side.
Panicked, Dwayne's eyes flash over to Jay, who tightens his grip on the flamethrower handle.
Kate recoils in horror as: Vaughn scurries madly on the ground, intermittently firing, while Jay screams and tries to torch him with the 25-foot flame.
Their oversize PAROCHIAL SCHOOL BRIEFCASES threaten to trip them up.
ACROSS THE STREET - TWO GUYS approach a BUSINESSMAN in a raincoat and flash a KNIFE.
The COPS (OFF.)
In the back aisle, LT aims his GUN at a BIG BOX of TOILET While he holds the TOILET PAPER at bay, a THIRTEEN YEAR-OLD KOREAN KID rises up from behind it, his hands up, terrified.
LT abandons the BEER.
He jumps up in a panic.
She disappears again.
ARIANE suddenly starts up.
Hangs up.
PEDESTRIANS run away in terror.
Shock.
New he's gotta go OUTSIDE.
He's shit-scared.
LT enters an APARTMENT BUILDING, faces a dark and sinister staircase.
STRANGE NOISES come from the APARTMENTS ABOVE.
Suddenly, a SHOT rings out.
ZOOM IN ON - CU LT  Horror.
LT panics.
He is stock-still, victim of his own terror.
The terror is with him.
Jumps at sounds, sneaks to the WINDOW, hears noises that aren't there.
Then he becomes shit-scared, again.
BIG SILENCE on the PHONE.
Suddenly -- LT appears in the doorway, a black silhouette against the white light of noon.
JESUS kneels down, knee to knee, face to face with LT.
LT speaks up suddenly.
He cops.
It suddenly makes sense to him.
(We never saw him behind the dark windows,} LT is dead in his CAR.
His eyes filled with terror, beads of sweat crawling on his brow.
Watching.
He dares not move for fear of missing a single sound.
A small noise of movement nearby.
Running on sheer pumping fear, long after the verge of collapse.
He runs on, past boarded-up houses and shuttered inns, strange relics of the Middle Ages casting frightening shadows.
Eduard appears suddenly, quickly flattens himself back against the large notice board that covers the wall here, layers of expressionistic theatre and film posters pasted on it.
All of a sudden and out of absolutely nowhere and not a thing he can do about it.
Kafka continues walking away himself, worried about his future.
(The majesty of marriage is what he fears she represents.
Suddenly there's a loud KNOCK on the front door below.
And now he hears a stirring in a dark corner.
He paces up and down a bit, making Kafka awfully nervous before he finally clears his throat and starts to get to the point.
He hears some noise and glances over his shoulder to see how the Assistants are getting on -- they're sharing another desk, facing each other, and seem to be working quietly, though with pouting expressions.
Kafka stands by a railing -- and the huge, distorted shadow of SOMEONE looms suddenly on the high wall under him.
He's fearful.
Warning shadows.
Seeming to emanate from pitch blackness -- but then suddenly, fast, out of a tunnel under a bridge come running three terrified VAGRANTS, roused from slumber and scared out their wits by the ghastly, crazed CACKLING chasing after them, ECHOING under the arches.
Seeing him, the vagrants freeze in their various positions -- then turn in panic to flee again as he starts after them, moving like an animal, a killer predator, laughing horribly as he goes.
The Vagrant starts wading out into the water, crying out in fear as the HOWLS behind him come closer and closer -- he throws himself forward, splashing vainly -- and feels the Laughing Man grabbing his ankles, pulling him back.
Kafka working his way toward Gabriela's desk -- but he stops before he gets to it, a familiar shiver running through him.
But suddenly he's not alone -- the Bearded Anarchist has sat down in front of him -- and now turns round, startlingly.
And the Pockmarked Anarchist is suddenly sitting beside him.
And the Youthful Anarchist is behind him, thrusting his head suddenly forward.
Kafka's head is spinning -- and the Solemn Anarchist suddenly looks at him.
It's the nightmare of his life.
He hears a noise, turns around, sees Burgel and the girl on the tiny baroque balcony outside her room.
Until a door suddenly opens at his back.
Kafka looks around in panic -- the attic entrance is too far to run to and there's nowhere else to hide.
Blood from the Bearded Anarchist's ear drips onto Kafka's face.
In the quarry, Mr. Pick steps back a pace from the Strange Man as they meet up with the Laborer and suddenly grabs the Strange Man, pinning his arms behind him, baring his chest or the Laborer to stab a dagger into!
He crawls a little closer.
Revulsion.
Kafka looks for the source of the sound -- and in sudden startled shock instantly finds it -- where a and the ugly hand at the end of the arm is feeling around for the window-latch.
CRASH!
The Maniac cries out and reaches for the eyeball, bringing it back up to try and stuff back in place ...  Kafka runs away from the office building, in horror, off into the night.
He stands at a corner, looking at his own house, scared even to go home.
Kafka suddenly points at the ground.
Bizzlebek leads Kafka along the crooked little pathways, overgrown with crawling weeds, upwards towards the high section of the cemetery under the dark wall of the Castle.
Kafka more fearful.
Scary tombs, all shapes and sizes, strange symbolic symbols on them, mystical figures and designs.
SUDDENLY fingers spear through the bars of another cell to touch Kafka!
Kafka is looking increasingly worried.
The next time anyone looks at him he's holding the nozzle of the burning device under Ekman's throat, finger on the trigger.
Ekman stumbles to his feet, watching in horror as the prisoners of the Castle strap Murnau to his own operating table.
Ekman catches up -- but runs past Kafka in his panic to escape -- out onto a metal walkway around a central area of offices.
Kafka is managing to climb back onto the unsafe metal walkway -- when ZING! -- a bullet ricochets near him.
Suddenly the lights turn on.
The peeper gets nervous.
He shoots it.
He's dead.
Over at the stereo, we see the cassette playing titled The head demon, JIMMY THE DEMON, opens the door, scaring NICKY who falls backward into the table, breaking it.
He disappears.
Nicky is nervous, and his speech sounds practiced.
SLOW PAN across the room to the doorway where Todd stands, looking concerned.
Beefy shakes his dog head and sighs as we see Nicky hold the bottle up to a few more PEDESTRIANS.
The worried people run away.
Nicky's eyes widen in panic.
He's shocked.
MIGUEL, wearing a big basketball jersey, looks nervous.
Todd looks at Beefy, terrified.
Suddenly he stops.
He slows down.
Nervously, she takes his hand and suddenly she is lifting off and they are flying.
A dissonant, nervous score accompanies the rest of the sequence.
Nicky is panicking, out of breath.
He's dead.
They approach the cops guarding the door.
He walks over and picks them up by their throats.
Todd is nervous.
Suddenly she comes flying over to him.
He sits on the throne and it starts to shake a little.
The demons approach.
Then suddenly we see the ground start to break up and Adrian on his throne start to be thrust upwards.
The BAD PEOPLE realize they've been tricked into being bad and they get scared.
This kicks off a frenzy of the Scared Bad People trying to run away.
Nicky is starting to panic.
He looks up to see fifteen Demons marching towards him, ready to attack.
They stop approaching.
The Demon bites into it.
Demons are ready to attack.
The army of good and scared bad people applaud as they see this.
He is covered in bees again.
He lets out a huge roar, then flies around, laughing, scaring people.
They faint.
The Bat's eyes go wide in fear.
Henry is covered in bees once again.
Ryan's panic grows as she spins further into the nothingness of space.
A PRIMAL SCREAM of God forsaken fear erupts from her lungs.
Ryan is panicking and begins to hyperventilate.
Her eyes rake the dark sameness of her surroundings.
Ryan's eyes flutter, then roll up into her sockets...  Ryan swallows harshly, her throat suddenly dry.
And her throat closes.
Drifting again she begins to freak.
She's stricken with fear.
Ryan tries to overcome her fear and looks out.
She frowns, terrified by the sight, and hides her face once more inside the helmet.
She's sweating and starts to hyperventilate.
A beeping sound intermittently penetrates the airlock, anxious and halting.
Then, slowly, she pulls her knees to her chest and enfolds them in her arms, floating in a fetal position.
A beat.
Ryan is asleep.
She is in pain.
Ryan is shaken violently.
She's suffocating.
He is a rare bread -- a battle-scarred innocent.
Aaron feeling from a blow -- his lip bleeding -- his teeth covered with blood... as he gets to his feet.
Not a peep -- she is thrown but doggedly presses on with her prepared speech though her throat constricts a bit, her voice begins to rasp.
Earnest, nervous -- handsome... Just when she needed a mirage there it is.
He is immobilized by the sudden turn.
Through much of this chaos we focus on: Wedged into an uncomfortable position between two tape racks -- He is wide-eyed at this circus of tension and fear.
Bobbie stops the machine, turns in his chair and shakes hands.
As he looks down to study them, everyone else moves suddenly off.
He hangs up.
He is well dressed, exceedingly nervous.
She stops.
She stands there, genuinely frightened.
She sees Jennifer on the stairs and moves toward her calling in a too loud, anxiety-ridden voice as she goes.
She has the blues.
A beat.
Behind the door, trying to hide the glow in her eyes.
She steps on the escalator...  Riding upwards, concern deepens, anxiety flows.
Her hands on her knees, leaning over -- another deep breath.
He hangs up.
They shake hands.
They shake.
A nervous cough in evidence as he crosses to a seat.
He shakes hands with Aaron.
And Jacob coldly shakes it off then sucks in a deep breath and looks into Gordon's eyes...  genuine and lofty...
He wears a dark suit... and a blank expression...  ... with nothing but cold retribution in his eyes.
A little nervous, he sucks in a deep breath then heads into the building.
The smaller man's head's been bitten off and blood drips down the body.
Paper plates and plastic cups are being thrown away by HELP Children and parents lay on blankets watching the fireworks.
And the 727 is now flying over...
It's right out of 1928, only with Europeans, Russians and Middle-Easterners.
Winding through the trees...  along the side of a river... Bretton riding extremely fast with Jacob trying to keep up.
Darkness.
Suddenly, a MAN approaches the table.
As he takes a seat...  Then... announcing to the table...  Also announcing to the table... Jacob loses his smile...  suddenly becoming uncomfortable.
And before she reacts...
He's breathing heavy as he pulls off his mitt to shake hands.
She hangs up.
Paul, a flash of panic, looks over at the Hawaii display.
He's nervous, a little out of sorts.
Raymond shakes his brother's arm off his shoulder.
Jimbo and Gary share a nervous look.
He is failing.
Paul, nervous, sings along to "Escape" on the radio.
Suddenly concerned, she hands the phone to Ted.
A Bissel Handvac catches him flush in the face.
He stops.
Gary, suddenly tense, puts down his spoon and picks up his gun.
Paul, feigning fear, shrinks back into the corner.
Paul nods, stressed and strung out, he hugs the wall as he walks out.
Suddenly dizzy, he drops to his knees and starts to RETCH.
A beat.
Paul, seen through the window, sits alone in the dark.
He pulls off a yellow Post It note stuck to the computer.
They drive on in silence.
As he does-- BANG!
walk out of their house toward their  car.
They settle on a tall dark- haired man in a dark jacket.
He sinks down on his knees toward her.
A shadow falls across them.
Late at night -- it is dark.
Fergus, in the dark, stands motionless, looking at him.
Maguire, standing there in the dark, looking at Fergus.
Fergus turns with sudden fierceness.
Jody suddenly sprints, and, loosening the ties on his hands, then freeing them, he is off like a hare.
Fergus grabs his shoulder and Jody shrugs it off, gaining on him again.
And suddenly the trees give way.
It is as if she has forgotten all about him.
Dave suddenly strikes her across the face with his open palm.
Fergus suddenly stands and makes his way to the door.
She suddenly pulls away.
Fergus runs his hand down her throat.
She is wearing dark glasses.
Fergus stands up suddenly.
Fergus stands, suddenly.
And she suddenly faints into his arms.
He shakes her.
She begins to cry and lays the gun gently on his chest.
Dil shoots Jude in the throat, and she falls dead, covered in blood.
He rises from the depths but suddenly loses his balance and grabs onto the SHOWER CURTAIN, wrenching it from the METAL RINGS on the rod.
He startles her.
A slant of moonlight finds Alma fast asleep until a FINGER nudges her awake.
She walks over, notices the LIFE MAGAZINE headline : "HOUSE OF HORRORS STUNS NATION."
Suddenly, over Whitfield's shoulder, Alma sees Hitch looming in the doorway.
Hitchcock lowers his gaze, suddenly intrigued.
She sits at her desk in the corner of the kitchen.
Alma covers her worry.
Stefano's TITLE PAGE is tapped angrily by GEOFFREY SHURLOCK, 70s, the much-feared administrator for the Motion Picture Production Code.
Alma is SUDDENLY TRANSFORMED into a Technicolor Hitchcock blonde.
Suddenly -- FINGERS CLUTCH the rim of the tub.
Her eyes suddenly catch a COLORFUL SWIMSUIT on the end of the rail.
She breaks into a front crawl.
ELECTRICIANS AND GAFFERS turn mounted lamps that rake across Janet's worried face like car headlights.
The shadow lingers, then recedes like in a scary ghost story.
The set is suddenly a cacophony of noise and chaos.
Rita and Janet share a worried look.
Hitchcock takes Janet's hand, and with tremendous sincerity : Over and over, Margo attacks with the knife and Janet tries deflecting the blows but both women are timid and Janet is clearly guarding her modesty and covering her body.
As the scene is marked, we see Hitchcock's anxiety.
Hitchcock hoists the knife into the air with terrifyingly convincing power and malevolence.
She gives him a warning look.
"Watch out.
We zoom in on her as she reacts in silent horror, her HAND flying up to hit the light bulb, throwing crazy shadows all over the set.
Whit is horrified at being caught.
Stunned.
Brett shakes his head: "No."
He's not crying or whimpering, but he's so full of fear, it's as if his body is imploding.
VINCENT'S POV: Butch shakes hands with a huge figure with his back to us.
comes over, sporting a big button on his chest that says: "Hi I'm Buddy, pleasing you please me."
She slides the shake over to him.
He slides the shake back.
At this late hour, LANCE has transformed from a bon vivant drug dealer to a bathrobe creature.
Vincent brings the needle down hard, STABBING Mia in the chest.
She BOLTS UP in a sitting position, needle stuck in her chest  SCREAMING.
Vincent, Lance and Jody, who were in sitting positions in front of Mia, JUMP BACK, scared to death.
The two walk toward each other, holding out their hands to shake and shake they do.
A taxi is parked in a dark alley next to an auditorium.
She takes a sip of coffee, then hears a NOISE behind her in the alley.
His TRAINER is on his knees, head on Floyd's chest, crying over the body.
We find Butch still asleep in bed.
Butch wakes from his sleep, as if a scary monster was chasing him.
Fabienne is crying and scared.
Fabienne SCREAMS IN HORROR.
Butch looks toward her, suddenly calm.
Blood flows from his nostrils.
Before Maynard can finish his threat, Marsellus CHARGES in.
After taking in their predicament, Butch and Marsellus look at each other, all traces of hostility gone, replaced by a terror they both share at what they've gotten themselves into.
Butch are Marsellus are terrified.
Then, in a panic, hurriedly struggles to get free.
He THROWS himself against the back wall, gun outstretched in front of him, a look of yellow fear on his face, ready to blow in half anybody fool enough to stick their head through that door.
Marvin is hit in the upper chest, below the throat.
He GURGLES blood and SHAKES.
While Honey Bunny SCREAMS out threats to the PATRONS, keeping them terrified.
Suddenly, a NOISE is heard in the other room.
Whispers of steam snake from the mancovers in the street.
Suddenly, the sound of HEAVY FOOTSTEPS is heard.
The rest of the house is dark, quiet.
Frank shakes the ice in his glass.
Dangerous territory.
Susie snaps out of her trance and shakes the Thermos.
The immediacy of the ocean beyond the window is almost scary.
Suddenly Susie comes through the bathroom.
Middle of the night.
Suddenly there is a rustle of blankets and the shadow in the next bed shifts, falling into the shaft of light cast from the bathroom.
Dark and soundless.
Suddenly, across the parking lot, the voices of the newlyweds are heard.
She's yelling.
As he plays, his face is suddenly calm.
Jack, walking home, turns a corner and suddenly stops.
Suddenly, Vince steps out again.
Frank slides to the ground, afraid, trying to protect himself.
Suddenly Jack stops.
He no longer looks dangerous.
He looks hollow, frightened.
As he moves up the drive, he takes notice of the tree growing in the front yard and crosses to it, kneeling by the trunk and studying the scars there -- cat's claws -- running vertically up the tree, the damage smoothed and widened by time.
Half the room is cast in shadow, the other in blinding light.
For a moment, the house is silent, full of ghosts, then, gradually, a NOISE is heard coming from the kitchen.
Frank looks nervous.
Suddenly, the DOORBELL RINGS O.S. Kale snaps to, yanks his head back in -- and KERBONGS it on the underside of the window.
Kale's watch ALARM suddenly BEEPS.
Dark, shades pulled.
She SCREAMS, too.
But she suddenly stops -- and shifts her GAZE UP toward Kale and Ronnie!
Ronnie suddenly pulls Kale back.
Kale's eyes widen in panic.
Mr. Pilch, in his robe, suddenly appears from the shadows, watches the dog do its business.
Stops.
ON RONNIE - he stirs on the bed, still asleep.
A beat.
They ever so slowly lean toward each other when -- RONNIE - suddenly interrupts, pushing himself between them.
They suddenly hear VOICES O.S.       Kale and Ashley glance over to Giles' house.
WE FOLLOW BEHIND ASHLEY - She creeps over to the fence, presses up against it, peering through the cracks -- ASHLEY'S POV - We see the dark silhouettes of Giles and the woman -- Ashley shifts her head, straining to listen -- The woman suddenly drops her purse.
Suddenly, the woman's CAR KEYS WHACK the other side of the fence, then PLOP DOWN underneath it just a couple of feet from Ashley's position!
Kale shoves himself against the wall, frozen in terror.
A DOOR suddenly SLAMS O.S.
He's on the phone, pressing his other finger to his ear, trying to drown out the NOISE emanating from Ashley's party next door.
As he gets up to retrieve it, he hears a NOISE O.S. Kale peers out the window -- HIS POV - Giles is dragging a HEAVY BLUE PLASTIC BAG down the stairs leading to the garage.
She can't help but be a little concerned.
Looking terrified.
A beat.
Dead.
Stunned.
Then crack up again.
Dark, grainy.
Kale's eyes widen as he keeps pressing the ADVANCE BUTTON...  CU - Kale's eyes are transfixed on the screen, his face just inches away as a few more blurry frames FLIP BY then -- BAM -- Kale recoils in horror as LIGHTNING IGNITES his room.
The ball is gone.
He watches after her.
She takes large bites and eats fast.
up his chest, pulling his shirt over his head.
She lies down on his chest.
Suddenly cars HONK.
Suddenly, there is a loud THUMP outside of the apartment.
Beat.
He carefully sits up in bed revealing Vicki asleep beside him.
He looks dangerous.
A hush suddenly falls over the room.
She looks scared.
Vicki pulls her Jeep into the parking lot and screeches to a stop.
Her hands start to shake.
Walter watches, fear and emotion coursing through his face.
He looks at the blood on his hands, which shake uncontrollably.
Suddenly he stops -- the lights have gone out.
Bud takes a vial from the medicine shelf, shakes out a sleeping pill, washes it down with a glass of water.
The room is dark except for the glow from the dial of the electric blanket.
Outside the booth is a blonde babe, slightly boozed, and beyond there is a suggestion of the packed, smoky joint.
As he sleep-walks down the steps, a cab pulls up in front of the house.
A gust of wind sends wet leaves swirling across the bench.
Suddenly the piercing bell goes off -- the workday has begun.
Suddenly he realizes that he has been trying to write the address with the thermometer.
For a second he is paralyzed.
Bud stops in his tracks, suddenly aware of her.
Her chin falls to her chest.
Fran is fast asleep.
She starts knocking impatiently.
He starts out with a worried backward glance toward the two.
Bud raises a finger to remonstrate with him -- then breaks into a nervous, ingratiating smile.
He is wearing his chesterfield, bowler, and a pair of dark glasses.
They grin smugly when they see that he is wearing dark glasses.
He is 51, dark- haired, saturnine.
It's half-serious.
She's still half-serious.
She disappears.
They vanish.
In response, he blushes, then panics and runs out of the flat.
MICHAEL runs down the stairs in terror and shame, and out the front door.
A massive brownstone building.
HANNA has fallen asleep on MICHAEL'S chest.
MICHAEL is watching SOPHIE swimming, a look of anxiety in his eye, when HOLGER touches his shoulder.
They are both sweating, exhausted.
They're uneasy.
MICHAEL suddenly gets out himself.
MICHAEL, in a panic, pushes along his row, past ROHL and the others, who all look up, knowing something is going on.
In panic, she turns it off.
Middle of the night.
He shivers against the coming night when...
Bromden is sliding along the hallway wall, when he is suddenly cut off by a mop which THUDS against one side of his neck.
They cackle, legs jiving, as the ammonia stings Bromden's eyes and burns his nose.
Bromden freezes, panic spreading across his face.
Other STAFF MEMBERS are administrative personnel are SEEN as McMurphy walks alongside Nurse Pilbow, who is noticeably nervous by his close proximity.
They shake hands.
They shake hands.
Washington senses danger, lets go of Pete's arm, backs away.
A vegetable, complete with two half-dollar scars in his forehead.
The patients are asleep except for Bromden, who stands by the window looking out.
McMurphy is asleep in the bed next to his.
A beat when TURKLE, a fifty-year-old Negro night attendant, slightly drunk, lays a gentle hand on Bromden's shoulder.
His whole body shakes with the strain.
There's blood on his hands.
A beat.
as McMurphy crosses the day room, past the nurses' station where Turkle is asleep.
He tries to lift himself up, but can't make it when suddenly he is lifted up to the level of the transom by Bromden.
The Acutes cast frightened looks at each other then go after McMurphy.
as the Acutes cast worried looks at each other.
The patient clings to the bench, terrified, weeping.
The Doctor nods to the six aides, who move in and gently place their hands, in a very professional manner, on McMurphy's knees, hips and shoulders.
SHOT OF McMURPHY as he looks around, not nearly as scared as he is mystified by the whole process, when suddenly, without warning, McMurphy is hit by the shock.
His whole body caught in a sudden spasm.
His voice is slower, his footwork slightly out of sync.
Billy panics and hands the ball to Washington, who turns around and makes another basket.
Stops.
McMurphy dribbles the ball up court, where he runs into heavy pressure from Washington.
McMurphy turns and gives them his ass to contend with, then manages to throw the ball under his legs and Washington's legs.
The patients are asleep except for Bromden who sits on the edge of his bed watching McMurphy, his face pressed against the window, looking out.
Cheswick is asleep on the table.
as McMurphy enters and goes to Turkle, who is dead asleep.
Cheswick is asleep on the table.
Her smile turns to fear as she backs away, ending the race in a dead tie.
They are both in their late thirties and good-looking for trailer trash.
Cut.
Cut.
Close on Kirk's terrified expression.
He stares into the mirror and his smile fades into panic.
Kirk is frozen with fear.
Kirk is near panic but he does his best to keep it together.
He looks down and starts to panic.
Kirk searches the kitchen, his panic building.
Suddenly she starts coughing.
The phone keeps ringing and Kirk's panic increases until he finally spots the phone.
RING! Close on Stainer's threatening eyes.
He is a wreck.
Reverse to pan across Molly (worried about Kirk's reaction.),
They hide.
Kirk's hands shake.
Suddenly, there is a commotion at the front of the plane.
Beehive rushes Patty in a panic.
Kirk wrings his hands as they shake harder.
His voice and hands shake but he forges on.
Close on Kirk - looking dapper but sweaty and nervous.
Lila walks alone, a worried scowl on her face.
On the chest above the bra, and on her stomach below it, is hair.
Dark curly hair.
Lila hugs her knees to her chest.
Mother's eyes widen in horror.
Nathan breathes a sigh of relief.
She creeps along, when suddenly a tan, muscular figure tears out from behind a tree and runs, practically on all fours, through the dense underbrush.
After surveying the scene for a moment, Puff becomes frightened and agitated.
Again he is shocked.
She gasps.
She's startled.
Lila looks pale and shaken.
Nathan, Gabrielle, and Puff look frightened.
Puff is frozen with fear.
Savage.
He stops himself.
They grope each other.
Suddenly Puff elbows Nathan.
They shake hands.
Camera moves in tighter and we see that she is nervous but concealing it well.
He is Russian, in his early forties, a little overweight, a big man wearing a blue silk suit.
We see that there are two fine scars there.
Sera looking frightened, backing away from Yuri, who pulls a switchblade from his jacket and opens it.
Suddenly the girl stops.
He sits down with shaking hands.
Ben panics for a second.
The camera follows him into the dark parking lot of the motel, where the Hispanic girl is waiting.
Ben picks up a pen and tries to sign, but his hands are shaking so much that he cannot do it.
They shake hands.
He lose again.
Yuri talks in Russian, becoming angrier, and slaps her again.
Sera falls against the kitchen table and picks up a lethal- looking knife.
She throws the knife to Yuri, who catches it.
A shower of Russian comes out of Yuri, but he doesn't touch her.
They shake hands.
her dangerous guy.
SERA'S house - day Ben is asleep on the sofa.
As he wakes up, he becomes aware that Sera is watching him from across the room.
They stop her.
Suddenly Ben crazy and falls backwards off his stool, knocking a waitress and her drinks over.
Ben shakes his arm free from the Biker's grip.
His mood suddenly changes.
She sees that he is already asleep on the bed, his half-naked body covered with countless bits of bloodstained tissue.
The atmosphere is weird and Sera is suddenly alert.
Sera, wearing dark glasses.
She is wearing huge dark glasses to hide the black eye and the bruising.
A sudden gasp wakes her.
Suddenly his body relaxes.
Aramis' fingers clamp down on the rosary beads, as he tries to keep praying.
D'Artagnan's room is spartan:  a cot, and weapons laid on a plain table.
D'Artagnan understands everything at a glance; the second pair of fleeing soldiers reach him in panic.
He is sweating, exceptionally pale, as he tries to project his voice past a huge lump in his throat...
CRASH!
With the robes spreading over the big bundle added artfully to Aramis' waist, it appears he is a very fat priest; the wig and false beard the assistants give him adds to the illusion of Aramis as a wild, reclusive monk.
Aramis steps onto the boat.
Athos helps the Man in the Iron Mask onto the bed; the eyes behind the slits in the mask are darting, frightened.
and falls to her knees there.
They are frightened.
We see the shadowy Musketeer we saw in the opening, moving up the dark steps of the palace.
In the flashback we see the young Musketeer Aramis, his face shielded in shadow, handing a living bundle over to someone at one of the back doors of a large country house.
Porthos' eyes are bulging; he's terrifying in his fury.
Aramis, with cold intellectual curiosity, quietly observes the women's reaction, even as his hooded helpers scurry from the shadows to calm the frightened locals.
Phillippe closes his eyes again, and falls asleep.
Athos' voice breaks, his body sags.
He holds a knife.
The robber with the knife tries to run; Porthos snatches a barrel from the street and hurls it into the fleeing robber's back; he falls in a heap.
The pimp shakes convulsively; he drops to his knees, bows his head, and weeps.
Phillippe nods; everyone's nervous.
Behind the masks we see their eyes -- Athos' intense, Phillippe's nervous and darting.
When his eyes open in panic, it is too late...
Phillippe nods, tremendously nervous.
Suddenly, d'Artagnan is at her shoulder.
The guests applaud and reach for wine glasses; servants present Phillippe and Anne with champagne, and they sip -- Everyone drinks; Phillippe suddenly remembers to hold his glass in his fingertips -- and it slips through his nervous fingers, hitting the floor with a crash.
Aramis suddenly backhands Louis, knocking him flat on his back in the boat, and pointing to him -- Louis. Louis struggles upright.
Louis shoves open the drapes and leaps back in horror.
Then he sees the blacksmith there, with a new iron mask, and his eyes take on a fresh horror.
They hear the distant bells of a church, then suddenly they must scramble, as a platoon of guards carrying torches troop up stairs into the corridor; the Musketeers dart like rats into dark nooks; as the guards pass, the Musketeers huddle, and the bells end their tolling.
But the guards are dragging him to the deepest, darkest dungeon of the Bastille.
We hear a growling noise as it lights up.
He walks quickly away in fear past...
Nick the Nervous.
The elves in the room, in various stages of shock, stare at their new master in horror.
MAZEL TOV, a tabby with two paralyzed back legs wearing a diaper slides itself across the floor.
More STILLS...
Esther's visibly nervous.
Suddenly, Tony draws the curtain back.
Hushed, fearful whispers.
Suddenly, a panel on the wall slides open to reveal a door.
The other side of the door is dark, but it has a cavernous feel to it.
She is stunning.
She's on fire for him.
They're shivering in their hooves.
More scared reindeer faces.
Rudolph's scared shitless.
The expression on Rudolph's face changes from fear to insolence as he angrily follows the O.S. Santa.
Fear fills both of their eyes.
Mo, standing in the BG, gives the Chief the fist/chest salute.
Mo's eyes widen in terror.
Hal's aplomb suggests he's a veteran climber -- Susan's worried look shows she isn't.
However -- lets go of the overhead line and claps his hands to his face in mock horror -- he quickly whizzes down the last thirty feet of the line, where Frank catches him and pulls him out.
Gabe, retrieves the harness on a small attachment line, and gives Susan a reassuring smile, but she's still, sensibly, very scared.
Susan tentatively pulls herself across -- then develops a rhythm, building speed -- inching away in the harness, looking more confident now -- signalling "OK" -- "you're doing fine" -- thirty feet out, going fine -- holding the strap under Susan's left leg breaks -- The harness completely unravels all at once, its strands shoot through the clips -- what was a seat has become a trap door in half a second -- as the harness shoots out from under her, Susan falls but grabs the harness strand -- is helpless, and can only watch as too scared to breathe, dangles on the remaining strand of what used to be the harness -- she sways from the wind and the jerk of her own weight, her grip loosens -- that is supporting all of Susan's weight is being seriously tested -- a single knot in the harness has caught there, but it clearly won't last long -- moves back from the ledge.
Travers moves into where the pilot seems nervous, but oddly, not frightened.
To his horror, he finds inside not rifles, but who we'll recognize as the missing FBI agents from the photos Matheson showed Travers.
backs up in horror -- and he sees Travers calmly coming out of the cockpit.
The pilot, nervous, struggles with the controls.
Heldon and Ryan clamp the door shut as Qualen angrily attacks Travers -- tries to bring the plane up, but can't -- the fuel guage needle is dropping fast -- is pouring out fuel through a dozen bullet holes -- one of two engines sputters to a stop.
Kristel's voice is panicked but she can't suppress a grin.
And scared.
Heldon runs along the lower ledge, FIRING up at -- who has to flatten against the upper ledge -- bullets howl past at twenty per second, SPARKING against the lip of the rock -- it's cover, but not much -- looks up, worried -- piled by the ton from the storm, lie further above -- the ice holding it back already, already weakened by the sun, is being chiselled away by bullets -- grabs Hal and puts the gun to his head.
reacts and attacks Travers.
Wind still threatens to knock him off the wall -- but he forces himself on.
watches the chaos with a grin from a slightly elevated vantage point -- he can see the flashlight beams, all headed in the wrong direction.
Sighing, Gabe pulls out a pocket knife and opens the blade.
-- then dismissal.
Gabe cuts the light and slithers up through the dark.
Frank aims high and FIRES twice to scare the pack -- the wolves run off.
He gropes up.
Face down, arms and legs pressing against the five-foot gap of the tunnel walls.
As Kynette tightens his finger around the trigger -- appears -- he completes his run toward Kynette's back and kicks him over the edge -- goes flying over Maggie, his shots going wild -- but he catches himself on the rock and comes to a painful but safe halt after skidding down ten feet -- yanks Maggie to her feet and onto the top.
Maggie shakes her head no.
Suddenly, it's quiet.
Ready to blow -- 0:10 -- 0:09 -- can only look down helplessly at fighting -- Gabe is on his feet, but Kynette, slashing at him with his knife, is forcing Gabe to back up -- the crack is getting wider, and finding footholds while crab-walking backwards in the dark isn't east.
She "wakes up" with a start and looks "terrified".
Maggie pulls across fearlessly -- but -- on Gabe's side of the wire is giving where Travers had hacked at it -- just a millimeter, but it's pulling loose -- doesn't notice and shouts across at Maggie, now half way. is coming looser -- Maggie's quicker crossing is thrashing the wire and straining the bolt's weakened anchoring -- who is now twenty feet away -- fifteen -- ten -- five -- pops out of the wall as if it were shot -- which was tight as a bowstring fires out into the chasm -- Maggie, stunned and without options, lets go two feet short of the ledge -- drops low just as Maggie starts to fall and swings his arm out towards hers in one lightning-fast motion -- catch -- maintains his grip on Maggie's hand, but her weight nearly pulls him off the ledge -- Maggie drags him down, the window goes out of his chest when it collides with the ledge's bottom, but their grip holds.
Maggie hangs from Gabe's arm, locked in terror -- but skill wins out over fear.
Gabe lightly kisses Maggie -- he doesn't want to turn this into a farewell kiss, afraid that that's really what it might be.
Hal sobers -- shakes his head no.
Shrapnel blasts into the instrument panel -- still strains against the cable ladder but the engine goes dead -- the rotor blades slow -- Gabe stares in horror at the stalling rotor -- if it were possible for him to grip the ladder tighter, he'd do it now -- -- as the rotor WHOPS to a dead halt the copter arcs down and slams against the mountain wall -- the skids are still caught in the ladder, and it holds -- is shaken off by the massive impact -- he falls -- -- landing on the helicopter, half in and half out of the cockpit!
Darkness.
We hear his movement; short, abrupt shifting, ending almost immediately with the sound of his body banging against wood.
His words become almost unintelligible as he flails about, though fear is understood in his every utterance.
You're in a coffin?
We were attacked in Baqubah, they... they... ... shot them.
He shakes the phone, moves it around the coffin, all in desperate hope that he will get a signal.
He explodes with a mixture of rage and fear.
The idea of being alone again scares him terribly.
Worried, Paul lights the Zippo.
Paul fears that Jabir may hang up.
Slightly panicked, in fact, though it is difficult to tell for sure.
Paul shakes it, but with no change to its brightness.
Paul places the phone on his chest.
Darkness once again.
Paul starts to move, but suddenly freezes.
Paul's pant leg moves slightly, starting at the top, slowly undulating toward his cuff.
He shifts the position of his head slightly, charily, to see next to his feet.
It's a snake.
The snake recoils slightly, but then menacingly twists itself into a new posture, ready to attack.
Threateningly.
Suddenly, the cell phone vibrates.
In a panic, he attempts to reach and grab the Zippo.
He begins to panic.
He fears what the incoming video may show.
Paul watches in horror as the terrified woman speaks, through her tears, into the camera.
It, too, shakes.
A small amount of blood begins to drip from the side of his neck, where the blade of the knife rests, ready to open his vein.
The flashlight falls from Paul's chest.
Suddenly, the coffin begins to vibrate slightly, dropping sand granules through the crack and onto the wood bottom, followed by the faint sound of an explosion.
Fearing that the top of the coffin may collapse under the immense pressure from the sand above, Paul positions himself underneath it and presses with all his might.
The shaking soon stops, though the steady flow of sand continues.
He hits it, shakes it.
Paul shakes and hits the flashlight.
Even this basic knowledge is enough to make Jabir's threats that much more real.
He fidgets, nervously shaking and tapping his thumb against the phone.
His eyes dart from side-to-side, his throat groans involuntary noises of fear.
Fearing for the safety of his family, he must meet Jabir's demands.
He shivers.
Suddenly, Paul is back in the same predicament.
Slowly, images from the Great Gallery materialise on different parts of the Triptych - petroglyphs and pictographs; dozens of 8-10 ft high Superhumans hovering over groups of indistinct animals, dominating beasts and onlookers alike with their long, dark bodies, broad shoulders, and haunting eyes.
Ghostly.
We've been moving towards him as he rushes towards us, spider style.
Without warning his feet suddenly slide forward from under him and he skates/snap-kicks trying to keep his balance on a floor of scattering pebbles left there by a flood.
He's halfway, his chest rising out the far side when suddenly he can't move.
Adrenaline, searing, roaring pain and panic.
Sweat, anxiety flaring, hot pain.
Again and again thrusting up with knees, thighs, pelvis, left arm, head, neck...  nothing.
A howl of phenomenal pain - He reverses the fraction and collapses in sweat and blood, knees bleeding, good fingers lacerated.
He picks a point and begins to chip away with the knife.
He gets into a rhythm of 'tick,tick,tick', flex and back again, `tick,tick,tick' 4.19pm, changes to 4.20 In a huge close up of this eye he can see in the foreground that there's a pile of steel filings from the knife itself, almost as big as the dust from the ground - He blows the whole lot into our face with a mighty gust.
Suddenly, he hammers down with ten times more force onto the handle of the knife, the rock explodes in his hand, showering pick dust over everything, and bouncing the knife off the rock.
The knife hits his shorts and as he moves to grab it, he misses it and knocks it further round the back of his leg.
We're on a level with the knife in the little hole beneath his feet.
Looking down onto the ground, around his leg, his toes holding the stick like a chopstick lift the knife out and up tremulously, breathlessly, towards his good arm.
Half dark.
He changes the blade, prising suddenly at a section of the rock with his file.
He persists, each time, varying his line of attack fractionally.
Suddenly he looks over his shoulder to see...
He picks up the water bottle and shakes it for the camera.
He can hear them.
The noise is there still.
The noise is still there unchanged.
He stops it.
He stops.
His throat uncontrollably shudders and splutters as his teeth rattle with cold suddenly.
Suddenly breaks and he's busy now well before sunrise.
He switches to the short knife and saws viciously at the same point.
The wind interrupts him and he shivers.
A massive crack of noise like the land has split.
Suddenly a drop of water hits his eye like an invisible bomb dropping from the sky.
Instantly plunging him into a dark, violet nether-light.
He looks up the canyon as he pulls at his arm in panic and tries to gather his laid-out possessions into his backpack.
Suddenly the water lifts the chockstone and his arm releases.
Head down, sweat drips onto his arm - he licks it off and lifts his head - a sudden shiver - looks at his watch.
Stops.
Suddenly a shiver tears across him like an attack dog.
One shot outside - POVs naked arms out the windows shaking and saluting the storm.
He stops.
Without warning he suddenly tourniquets his arm again .
He taps the knife down and feels it knocking on the radius of his upper forearm bone.
When his light is switched on it's bleached and monstrously overlit, like cruel HD close- up - his disintegration is terrifying.
dagger.
The dehydration is frightening.
SMASH.
He fails.
His face is suddenly open.
It's broken too.
He pushes the knife hard, to the hilt, in between 2 veins on his wrist.
His sweat falls on his knife mixing with the blood.
Tear.
It pours down his throat bypassing the swallow mechanism.
Its Aron, fully recovered after surgery.
Aron reaches in his bag and pulls out his scary looking prosthetic arm / axe.
This is Ash, mid twenties, square jaw firmly set and a pair of haunted eyes which dart about quickly in fear.
stiffen in fear.
We hear the warrior's echoed cry of terror, then a SPLASH as he hits bottom.
The SHRIEK of terror is cut short as...  erupts upward from the pit.
Then silence. is frozen in fear.
She is POSSESSED by the dark spirit.
Behind her, the Wisemen approach.
watches the spectacle in horror as he sees...
gasps.
Suddenly the horses rear up.
The men gain control of the frightened steeds.
A terrified Ash braces his back against the door.
Shivering, he picks himself up from the pile of broken glass.
BLACKNESS.
He clutches as his chest.
Then his arm.
watches in horror as...  squirms down his wrist and disappears into his iron hand.
The CAMERA follows him in docu-horror style as he flees into the dark woods.
Like a human spider he scurries about the forest floor, propelled by his four arms and four legs.
Grunting, he pulls the remains of his Evil twin to the base of an old Oak Tree in the graveyard.
This is the Book of the Dead...  bristles in fear.
They bulge as he swallow the arm.
He glances back in fear to see...
fly up from the grave and assemble themselves into a lopsided, decayed version of EVIL ASH! stares in horror at his evil self.
Now far from the danger but still he rides hard.
takes the book and suddenly goes pale.
looking up to Evil Ash in fear.
is suddenly intercepted by FOUR OF HENRY'S HORSEMEN.
rides in through the castle gates screaming: A look of shock and fear on all the faces.
now pound the attack beat on their drums.
CAMERA CRANING DOWN toward the skeletons as they look upward in horror.
scream!
crawls in with a knife in its teeth.
looks terrified.
They fight for their lives but are quickly overcome.
cheer! at the base of the ladders look up in horror to see...  slicing through two Deadites at once.
attacks with a SHRIEK!
He fires.
He burns and SHRIEKS! watches in horror as...  revealing a bone white skeleton with mismatched eyes.
A jubilant CHEER rises from the castle as...  thunder down the hill, across the drawbridge and into the castle courtyard to attack the Deadites!
beholds...  after the next Nuclear war: a dead land.
CAMERA PULLS BACK from a stunned Ash, amidst the atomized pieces of iron and bone. is so small a dot now, and so far away, that we almost can't hear his terrified SCREAM!. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
Then the headlights turn - a street sign is suddenly brightly lit.
She is visibly afraid.
Her expression shows fear and panic.
Police, paramedics surround the wreckage.
Dan begins to sweat the nearer he gets to the rear corner of the building.
Suddenly a man - a face ...  a face dark and bum-like- moves quickly out from behind the corner and stops - freezes - staring into Dan's eyes.
Dan hits the ground unable to breathe - his eyes wide with horror.
A haunting music begins to swell.
Coco looks down suddenly.
We can hear the dark-haired woman's frightened breathing as she waits frozen listening.
We see her eyes widen with a kind of fear.
Wide-eyed, she tries to fight him off and he begins dragging her out of her office.
He pulls him into the room - the man moaning and clutching his chest, starting to collapse.
Two men in dark suits have exited a large limousine and are walking up into the building.
His manager, Robert Smith, is beginning to see the makings of a confrontation - he's starting to panic.
The man is paralyzed except for his right hand and head.
The limousine driver suddenly starts signaling to a car entering the driveway to the building.
Suddenly - Rita sits worrying.
She's beginning to feel frightened.
A fleeting fear goes through her eyes.
Most all is in darkness.
His eyes grow accustomed to the dark and he.looks about.
Adam hears a noise in the brightness and turns.
She and Betty shake hands.
Jimmy panics and pushes Betty away with his hands on her shoulders as if forcing himself to come out of a trance.
Across the room Betty panics when she looks at her watch.
Rita shakes her head..no.
They see the limo and realize that the man they were afraid of is an ordinary limousine driver just going about his work.
Suddenly the door opens.
In the silence that follows, knocking can be heard.
Just as she has disappeared the door to Bungalow #17 flies open and Rita, followed closely behind by Betty, runs with a look of horror directly toward us until her tortured face fills the screen.
Great sobs, almost hysterical, wrack Rita's body as she bends over the sink, scissoring into her long, dark hair with a frenzy.
As Barton crosses the room we follow to reveal a sink and wash basin, a house telephone on a rickety night stand, and a window with yellowing sheers looking on an air shaft.
A hard, present knock at Barton's door.
His face is slightly flushed, with the beginnings of sweat.
The office door opens in the background and a short middle- aged man in a dark suit emerges.
There is more businesslike throat clearing.
He clears his throat, takes a swig from the flask, and waves it at Barton.
The noise abates for a moment.
The room is dark.
The clapper enters Clap! Seated alone in a dark screening room, the shaft of the projection beam flickering over his left shoulder.
Crash.
Too much blood.
He screams.
He screams again.
Strange, involuntary noises come from his throat.
Barton shakes.
He shakes it.
Watching.
As he pitches forward his hands fall away from his head.
He is bellowing: Terrified, he turns and runs.
He flinches.
Most of the occupants are already asleep: here an arm, there a lolling head On the bosun's command, the last of the off-duty men climb into their hammocks.
A dark shape in the distance.
CALAMY emerges from the smoke, meets DAVIES's horror-struck gaze and takes command.
HOLLOM sits immobilized by fear.
(NOTE: they only abandon guns on the quarterdeck, not their main armament on the gun-deck.)
Trying to make light of it, though he fears BLAKENEY is dying.
CALAMY has fallen asleep by BLAKENEY's side.
He tests the edge of his knife with his thumb.
A sharp, grating noise as STEPHEN works out of shot, cutting off the arm.
Then he realizes, with sudden horror, that it wasn't a dream Blakeneys eyes brim with tears and he turns away MOWETT stands in the cross-trees, making a final check on the lashings round the new mizzen top.
Never having woken since the trepanning he suddenly opens his eyes and speaks.
PULLINGS knocks and enters, with an anxious looking MR.
They are running fast before a dangerous, following sea: a landscape of hills and valleys, the whole thing in terrifying motion.
They look thin and exhausted and burnt dark-brown by the sun and wind.
Nagle pointedly turns his back, the scars from the flogging gleaming wetly in the lamplight Hollom's breath quickens.
Then the sound of bare feet approaching, followed by a knock at the door.
He looks about at the terrified faces of the crew.
Two bells are hesitantly rung and the crew regain the power of motion, their limbs still spastic with fear.
He shouts, a slight nervous catch to his voice.
It's PADEEN, mouth agape, face unnaturally white, staring into the gloom as though drawn to whatever horror lies out there.
A figure approaches from behind and lays a hand in his shoulder.
He breaks off, suddenly aware of a shouted exchange between the lookout and the quarterdeck.
Then, behind JACK, the great bird suddenly appears.
Blood spreading across the white of his shirt.
PADEEN is asleep, holding a Bible, in the doctor's chair.
Casement windows vanish in a cloud of wood and glass, exposing the Acheron's terrified gun-crews, now open to devastating fire as the Surprise glides past.
The attack momentarily falters, and the Acherons surge back at them.
CALAMY sees the danger and leads his gang back onto the Surprise, calling for others to follow.
They have been looting their own ship's valuables, two of them are too drunk to be scared.
A dying Frenchman suddenly lunges at CALAMY with a sabre.
A doctor is working here, a callow-faced man in a bloody apron, red-eyed from fatigue.
As the men approach - JOE passes him the needle and twine, then they leave him alone.
And further still.
A soldier falls.
More soldiers go down.
Shep wears dark eyeglasses.
Behind his dark glasses, Shep's left eye twitches.
Shep wears his dark glasses.
She tries to take his hands but he pulls them away in horror and stuffs them in his pockets.
Suddenly, Nikki grows thoughtful.
Cary, horrified, stands and yells: Cary runs off, toward Bill, leaving a thrilled Shep and a worried Francis with a distressed Nikki.
The clerk is fast asleep, his head down on the desk.
Suddenly, Bill points to a small wind-up clock on Nikki's night table.
Shep puts on his dark eyeglasses.
A worried look crosses Cary's face.
They stop.
Worried, Nikki tugs at his sleeve.
Suddenly, Nikki gasps and rises.
Cary panics.
They give each other a dark look.
Everyone suddenly stares in shock as: the bull knocks down the matador.
Pedro escorts Shep (in his dark eyeglasses again.)
Bill's attention turns to the doctor whose approaching shadow is cast on the wall behind him.
A nervous crowd of passersby pauses to watch the showdown.
Members of the crowd SCREAM in terror.
Nikki stares down at the blood in horror.
An engraving of a stagecoach holdup, herds of cattle moving north, a newspaper story of a massacre in Mexico, congressmen railing at each other, shaking their fists....  Pounding hooves, flowing manes, a pack of night-riding HORSEMEN kicking hell-for-leather across the desert moonscape.... END MAIN TITLE as the screen fades to an ominous black and....  Burning daylight, hard reality.
Dazed and bloody, they struggle to their feet as 6 armed FIGURES emerge from the shadows, walking into the moonlight toward them.
Suddenly: Wyatt turns.
But as he turns to give him another we suddenly SEE that there's a KNIFE in Doc's hand.
Shaking hands, all 4 go up Allen, taking in the town.
He stands, sneering: Wyatt steps forward suddenly, eyes cold and hard like a shark.
Suddenly realizing he's in way over his head.
Satan appears over him, exultant and triumphant, ready to collect the debt as the curtain falls with a final crashing chord.
She stops.
We feel a sense of inverted terror as he draws his gun and we SEE that his hand is trembling.
Suddenly a rubber ball rolls into their path.
He rides up and stops at a well near a large ranch house.
There's something genuinely troubling about so strong a man living in fear.
Coming to a cut, he suddenly stops.
He groans: Suddenly Wyatt's stallion groans nervously, throwing its head, aroused by the presence of the mare.
He looks at her, enchanted, but suddenly his face clouds.
She turns to a nearby mirror, studying herself-black tresses, rounded lips, maddening curves, and smokey eyes-a dark angel.
Wyatt sits down on the bed, suddenly intent, his face alight: Dark circles under his eyes, looking dreadful, Doc is at the corner table with Virgil, Behan, Ike Clanton, and the McLaurys.
But he falls back down dizzily, suddenly breaking out in a sweat and coughing.
Wyatt turns to them in disbelief: Walking down Allen, Ike stops the group at the telegraph office: We start to feel a growing sense of dread as 3 grim HORSEMEN come galloping out of the desert toward us.
Suddenly Doc appears from around a corner, a little the worse for wear in a long, dark Inverness cloak and carrying a big gold-headed walking stick.
Now at the end of the sidealk, the Earps can see that the Cowboys are still armed and their relief evaporates.
Virgil waves his hands frantically, afraid they've misunderstood: Suddenly realizing what's happening, Fuller and Claiborne bolt and dash into Fly's gallery.
Suddenly there's a KNOCK at the door.
Wyatt and Morgan exchange puzzled glances, then: Virgil does an unsteady stutter-step, his face taking on a pleading, almost childlike look of panic.
His voice is a frightened sob: He starts to swoon.
Suddenly alert, Virgil sits up, taking her in his big right arm, pulling her close, his voice calm, reassuring: She buries her face in his chest and sobs.
A few beats.
Suddenly we hear a blood-curdling SCREAM.
Seeing her, Wyatt backs away in horror, shaking his head: She keeps coming.
Wyatt panics.
The very air feels charged with paranoia and recrimination, as if the whole town has suddenly become morally radio-active.
Doc sighs: Without a word Wyatt climbs onto the wagon and shakes the reins, driving off.
They shake.
Suddenly the cattle nestled under the far end of the ridge start bleating.
A worried-looking Florentino shrinks back behind the others, trying not to be spotted.
Florentino backs up in terror, gun at his side, shaking his head: Wyatt nods, still coming, cold-blooded murder in his eye.
Suddenly a VOLLEY of GUNFIRE hits them from behind, knocking several from the saddle.
Suddenly there's MOVEMENT in the rocks above them.
Doc points: Seeing the spot they're in, McMasters turns to the silent Wyatt: And now for the first time we see fear in these men, actual naked fear.
Then suddenly, in this supreme moment, a strange, almost supernatural calm seems to come over him and he says simply: And now we can almost hear the ether RINGING in our ears as Wyatt takes his shotgun and, while the others look on in horror, rises to his feet.
He FIRES.
Moments later, McMasters approaches: Ringo crouches by the fire with the other Cowboys, his face a deeply shadowed mask.  2 Iron Springs survivors stand before him: Ringo starts making strange little inarticulate sounds, inhaling and exhaling like an animal, eyes swimming in panic....  Ringo looks up at them, suddenly dead calm, his face a blank.
His soft face suddenly turning resolute.
She stops.
Grounds shivers.
Suddenly there's an O.S. SOUND.
Breakenridge steps from the shadows, Winchester at his shoulder, squinting through the dark with his spectacles.
Suddenly he closes his eyes, falling to his knees, trembling, afraid for the first time.
He clasps his hands: Wyatt stands back up, his fear gone, replaced by calm, his face luminous, almost angelic.
Behan groans, panic sinking sour and heavy, churning his bowels: Now Wyatt's men break into a dead run, hurtling toward them at top speed, their thoroughbreds eating up the distance, now only 100 yards away.
Suddenly the whole mass of them EXPLODES in panic with horsemen riding in all directions, scurrying away like cockroaches from a light.
JENNY, a young, frightened girl, peeks out from under the desk, obviously afraid to reveal herself.
MIRIAM, a young, awkward, overweight Jewish girl, chewing gum with nervous machine-like rapidity, moving toward the vault.
As he turns, we see that Miriam is still staring at him, terrified, and as his rifle swings around, she reels back with a little screech of terror...  Sonny starts out of the vault toward the teller's area with bag of money.
She drops it.
As he moves closer, Howard backs away from him, frightened by his rifle.
He looks worried and mystified...  Silence.
About 100 weapons ranging from machine guns to hand guns to sniper rifles are whipped up and pointed straight at his chest and head.
They stand back from Howard, who is virtually catatonic with fear and shock now.
to Cops.
They SCREAM more.
They've been YELLING.
as they shake hands.
Suddenly he makes kissing motions and sounds with his lips.
Heidi is a one woman panic:  she hustles away across the broiling sand carrying the radio wadded up in towels, and lugging a child, crying helplessly, by one elbow, as though it were a handle, a silhouette against the late afternoon sun, out of Fellini...  meanwhile on the SOUND TRACK we are hearing her voice.
It should begin getting dark in through here.
OPEN SCENE ON: He is sweating, worried.
He FIRES.
They all scream, some of them falling to the floor, huddling together in terror.
They scramble over cars, over each other, over fences, running into other cops, who also, not knowing what's happening, turn and flee, running into the crowd, which panics. on men, women, children, cops, detectives, dogs, cats, reporters, all in the area of the rear of the bank fleeing in waves over fences, cars, etc.
who faints.
The police agents are being relieved.
Suddenly, the lights go out, leaving only emergency lights on (4 in the main area and 2 at back door area.).
The atmosphere is suddenly chillingly dangerous: the crowd SHOTS "come out of the dark" and "we can't see from here".
The giggle catches the edge of their panic and anxiety and sweeps them into uncontrollable giggles and laughter: Sonny roars.
It stops.
He was afraid he'd get busted for the dope: the drive will be a cakewalk.
A moment in the dark.
The hostages looking out, wan, worried.
The faces of the poor, the excited, the vicious the curious, and in ONE SHOT some of the people from the Gay Liberation Movement carrying hastily lettered signs: one protesting Sonny: And another: Their scared and wan faces swim past in the mob.
The FBI car, the limo, the following police car move across the darkness...
They stop.
IMPROVISE goodbyes, tearful and fearful all around.
And dies.
The limo -- the people fleeing it.
The rain hitting his face...  the adventure is over.
A MAN enters the room, ANATOLY, an imperious Russian in his forties, a Russian godfather.
They speak in Russian which is subtitled.
She's dead.
CLAIRE, worried, clutches her hands together, glancing down at her wedding ring.
He just begins to remove the cover when he hears a noise from above.
PHELPS barks out a warning.
It brings a knife up sharply, plunges it into her chest and slinks away out of sight.
ETHAN sees the knife in her chest and He pulls the knife out of SARAH, who is close to death.
CLAIRE'S instinctive move is to cover her chest.
She sags.
Led by KITTRIDGE, the FIVE IMF AGENTS wearing Kevlar-lined trenchcoats creep through the lobby of the building and hit the stairs.
The middle of the night and the train is dark.
And they're suddenly, violently in each others arms, kissing and half-falling onto the converted bed.
She suddenly resists.
Seen from the air, CIA headquarters is a sprawling complex, two huge buildings surrounded by acres of parking lots hacked out of a thick forest.
walks past a GUARD desk and peers into an optometric scanner and we suddenly remember where we've seen COFFEE MAN before.
It's a rat.
As it does, a bead of sweat rolls down his nose, balling at the tip.
KRIEGER shakes his head no.
He drops the knife.
There is nervous silence for a moment.
Behind KITTRIDGE, on the other side of the room, An AGENT gets up to answer it as a creeping fear pervades the room.
CLAIRE is at the window staring out, anxious.
KRIEGER suddenly appears over his shoulder and knocks bible out of Ethan's hands to the floor.
CLAIRE tries to get hold of him, but he shakes her away.
PHELPS crawls closer to it.
EVANS is visibly nervous as he begins the take-off check...
WHIP chokes back a nervous chuckle.
Suddenly -- the plane falls 200 feet in 2 seconds.
The passengers howl in fear as the plane pitches forward.
Now ATC comes on the radio...  EVANS looks at WHIP -- panicked.
Suddenly, we see a beam of light breaking through the black clouds -- 12 o'clock high.
She is scared and pissed by his invasion of her space.
NICOLE looks up with fear.
The passengers shriek with terror.
The plane suddenly pitches up, begins to roll, and dives again.
The airframe shakes and rumbles violently.
The airplane bucks and drops violently -- A chorus of terrified SCREAMS ERUPTS from the main cabin.
Evans is confused and panicked, he throws his hands up.
MORE TERRIFIED SHRIEKS come from the back.
His face fills with worry.
Then suddenly...  WHAP! Whip's yoke flies out of his hands and SLAMS forward!
But suddenly...  WE HEAR A HORRIBLE, METALLIC GRINDING SOUND as the engines become oil-deprived.
It's swollen and sore --his wrist is bandaged with a splint-brace.
WHIP's voice is failing him as his throat is sore and dry.
HUGH stands and shakes hands with WHIP.
A beat.
We can hear the squawking of POLICE SIRENS approaching.
The room is dark.
He sighs, sleep is alluding him and the anxiety of tomorrow's events on no sleep has his head spinning.
Darkness.
Then suddenly...  WHAP!!!
The two stare at each other and realize they are both breathing heavily from the shock and stress of their predicament.
HUGH hands HARLING the cigarette with a slightly hollowed out tip.
Whip shakes.
He's vanished.
Suddenly the noise cuts to silence.
We're back in the exam room.
She hangs up again.
Zoe stares out the window at a flickering street lamp, her face full of fear.
Nightmare.
Nuts closes his eyes and lays down.
They both stop.
Then, suddenly, Stan picks her up in the middle of the street.
She turns to him, half asleep.
His eyes adjusting.
Out in the foyer, Stan is paralyzed.
Suddenly, we hear a huge SCREAM.
They are both in tears.
SUDDENLY a PANEL EXPLODES.
Behind the worker are fuel drums and a large sign that reads:  DANGER, FUEL -- Sarg lights his cigar.
They hang up.
He SHOOTS.
The peasant panics and bolts from the line.
SUDDENLY the boy bursts in.
He stops.
Next in line are three armed, bearded "TERRORISTS."
The label reads, "ANTI-FEAR PILLS."
FIRES.
LOOSEN to find the Doctor holding a needle in his arm and Simon next to the Doctor.
Joe is very nervous, sweating a lot.
Edith appears very nervous.
They shake hands.
A DENTIST at the other end stops him and looks in his mouth.
In b.g. a sign reads, "DANGER -- FUEL, ABSOLUTELY NO Sarg bends down OUT OF FRAME.
Mary leaves, giving him a worried look.
Suddenly it sucks in towels, etc.  Unger is pulled down.
A sign on the door reads, "DANGER -- VACUUM".
Simon moves past Jimmy, stops at the door and downs a handful of anti-fear pills before leaving.
Stella shakes Ted's arm.
The Passengers errupt in total panic.
Stella approaches in nurse's uniform splattered with blood.
Suddenly the dogs scramble INTO FRAME in front of the sign, slobbering.
Knives are pulled.
Elaine looks a bit nervous and licks her lip.
They shake hands and turn into the terminal.
Passengers panic.
The Passengers panic and stampede right over her.
The bomb TICKS down and BLOWS.
It drops down.
They watch in horror as the Mayflower comes shooting at them.
Elaine's eyes grow wide with terror again.
Suddenly the Mayflower appears over a hill.
Mary and Testa start directing panic-striken passengers to the exits.
Scared.
A shadow falls across their feet and Grug ushers his family home.
As suddenly as he began, Grug stops.
Eep scares a pack of nearby Liyotes away.
Beat.
The family is terrified.
All their worst fears confirmed, the Croods snuggle into one big heap, warm and comfy.
Eep creeps around her sleeping family and cautiously approaches the "door" to peer outside, when suddenly-- WHOOSH!
The hot night wind blows against her face and through her hair.
A huge SHADOW of a TUSKED CREATURE is cast on the wall above her.
It's a little weird to Eep.
The ground starts to SHAKE!
Grug launches into his Threat Display - He flails his arms around and jumps about in front of the nearest Punch Monkey.
The Croods react, terrified Grug throws a rock at it.
SLAM!
Suddenly, the shadow of the setting sky passes over the Macawnivore.
It freaks out and retreats into the forest.
Grug pushes Eep aside and shows Guy his threat display.
Each doing their threat display.
Guy PULLS his knife.
The Bronto Scorpion suddenly STRUGGLES.
Is he crazy?
He's sound asleep.
Thunk is covering his eyes, too afraid to look down.
Panicking, Grug RACES across the chasm, losing stilt height with every SWIPE of Chunky's paw.
When he sees the stars he DUCKS back down, terrified.
Grug is beside himself with panic, sick at the thought of losing Eep.
He has disappeared.
Grug ATTACKS Guy - they fall down an embankment.
Suddenly, the big cat stops.
Grug shakes the puppet and makes a frightening sound of terror.
Grug looks back at his family - huddled, terrified.
Another earthquake shakes the cavern.
It is just as frightened as Grug.
Grug takes a giant tree branch, ignites it, and uses it as a rudder, scaring the Piranha Owls and prompting them to fly in one coherent direction.
The ground begins to shake softly.
Suddenly the group rises up as the Macawnivore stands near them.
Thunk breaks through the trees riding a LANDWHALE.
Finn approaches a loading bay from above, hides.
Suddenly --- WHOOOSHHH!
He approaches a broken-down sedan on the side of the road.
Finn suddenly STOPS COLD.
It suddenly GRABS MATER, hoists him up as if he's going to get an oil change.
Suddenly WATER FIRES UP underneath Mater's undercarriage, goosing him.
Nervous.
He is helpless.
Holley takes one more nervous breath, quickly closes the distance between her and Mater, cuts him off.
suddenly PLUMES WITH SMOKE and skids out.
A SECURITY CAR approaches Mater.
Mater follows the Security Car in, nervous.
The Security Car suddenly DECLOAKS himself, reveals himself to be Finn McMissile!
It suddenly OPENS its headlights revealing...  EYES!!
Mater FREAKS OUT, speeds off, TERRIFIED.
Mater suddenly turns the corner, sees Finn and Holley.
Finn suddenly arrives, stops her.
Suddenly, Tomber narrows his gaze.
Luigi suddenly CUTS IN.
A HOLOGRAPHIC disguise suddenly umbrellas out, emitted from Mater's roof.
Finn suddenly pushes a button, stops the madness.
MATER, now looking a bit nervous.
The room of Lemons watch, nervous.
Mater is freaked out.
It's a nightmare pileup.
Mater, scared, turns to leave.
The excitement suddenly DRAINS from the room.
Mater backs up, KNOCKING his emergency light against one of the monitors.
The thugs DRAW TERRIFYING WEAPONS.
Mater swallows the wasabi with one big bite.
He SCREAMS!
Suddenly Mater DROPS QUICKLY down toward --- --- whirring, scary machinery.
Zundapp suddenly SQUAWKS over the radio.
As they board the elevator: Suddenly, Mater's GATLING GUNS rotate out again - a surprise to Mater.
Holley --- but they miss their target.
She FIRES them again.
Finn and Holley's wheel now rotates AWAY from danger.
But he holds back ever so slightly so as not to jump the gun.
Holley suddenly WINGS into view.
The BOMB suddenly TRANSFORMS into a TIME BOMB, now complete with a countdown mechanism from 4:59...  4:58... Mater GASPS.
Miles Axlerod realizes what he's done, looks terrified.
Police surround him.
He passes a toy ROBOT and SNAKE partially hidden under the bedspread.
Rex suddenly turns timid.
The toys PANIC and stampede over Woody towards the bedroom window, leaving him alone on the floor.
The green army men march in formation across the floor when suddenly...  Can be heard approaching from behind the connecting kitchen door.
The toys PANIC and scatter about the room.
Woody's face suddenly pops into view.
Suddenly, Buzz SNIFFS the air.
With his back to Buzz, Woody quietly shakes the 8 ball.
He tips the 8 ball over.
Woody suddenly becomes interested in the back of the desk and peers down it.
Woody smiles for a beat and then runs in a panic over to Buzz.
Suddenly, Buzz appears over the edge of the sun roof.
Before they can react...
Beat.
Sid suddenly spots Buzz.
Buzz and Woody react in horror.
Hannah is standing there, looking worried.
He hears a NOISE from under Sid's bed.
Scared speechless, Woody keeps his flashlight beam locked on Various other MUTANT TOYS begin to emerge from the shadows: a toy fishing pole with fashion doll legs, a skateboard with a combat soldier's torso screwed to the front end, a jack- in-the-box with a rubber hand for a head, (and others.).
He punches a button on his chest.
Suddenly Buzz appears and pulls Woody back against the hallway wall.
Suddenly, the door flies open revealing Woody, entangled in Christmas lights, standing atop a pile of boxes to be at doorknob height.
Immediately, the mutant toys retreat back into the dark corners of the room.
He shakes Buzz hard.
Suddenly Sid's face brightens.
Sid is in bed fast asleep.
Suddenly, the entire milkcrate begins to shake.
WALKING CAR, a Hot Wheels car with baby arms, begins winding up THE FROG, a tin wind-up frog with monster truck wheels instead of legs.
suddenly lifts upward and disappears into the roof.
Hannah, sensing Sid's fear, suddenly thrusts the doll in Sid's face.
They shake.
Woody begins climbing up when suddenly Buzz goes pale.
The other toys SCREAM in horror.
They're flying.
Suddenly the storm fades.
There is a look of genuine fear in Whale's eyes as he looks up at his singed, beast-like father.
Kay frantically crosses his arms over his chest and middle, turns to Hanna.
Relief floods Whale's face.
She unclenches her arms to close the bathrobe over her throat.
Saylor holds up both hands in a nervous surrender.
Hanna shivers as she stands.
The look of fear in her eyes startles Clay out of his rage.
She snaps her head left, right, up, down, startled by the sight of herself, electrocuted into frightened, spastic jerks.
The warning bell rings.
A sudden look of panic fills Whale's face.
He gasps.
Clay suddenly laughs.
Suddenly the air is filled with the sounds of people cavorting in the pool.
It is now dark outside.
The man shrugs, disappears into the shadows.
Whale's hands fly to his throat.
There is a look of genuine terror on his face.
Whale reaches over and lays his arm across Barnett's shoulder.
Clay returns the gaze, worried for Whale.
Whale puts his dark glasses on.
Clay steps forward to shake hands.
Cukor puffs out his chest, quivers a bulbous lower lip at Whale.
Suddenly a high-pitched giggle pierces the air.
The hallway is pitch-dark as Whale and Clay enter.
The whistling of bombs.
Suddenly a large hand appears on the box.
Whale is suddenly behind him.
The lamp spills over and the room goes dark.
Clay lets out a howl -- his shoulders heave and shake.
He gets an arm around Whale's chest and heaves the body over the curb.  he climbs out, drags the body forward to rest in the grass.
He stops.
Donegy and Galvin shake hands uncomfortably.
She hangs up.
Galvin, a trifle nervous, to Doctor ON PHONE: The Doctor on the phone gestures behind him to a thirty-ish MAN in blue jeans smoking a cigar, changing at his locker.
A beat.
A beat.
His hand shakes badly.
He bites it, lights the cigar.
Gruber opens door and walks out into the cold, into the parking lot, followed by Galvin, who is lighting his cigar.
'They killed her.
Beat.
He sits stiffly in the dark a moment, then lets his head fall back to the chair.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
A beat.
He is very nervous.
A beat.
Beat.
Galvin, suddenly focuses, starts for worktable.
A beat.
A beat.
Beat.
They shake hands.
Beat.
He stops her.
A beat.
Beat.
CAMERA FOLLOWS him into the bathroom, he shuts the door, his chest heaves convulsively.
They shake hands.
Stops.
When this is over can we go away?
Stops.
Beat.
Beat.
He hangs up.
Galvin asleep with his head on his desk.
Mickey asleep in a chair.
This disgusts him.
He rejects it.
She wakes up.
Stops.
Stops.
Beat.
A beat.
Galvin becomes aware of him, shakes his head "no."
Beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Galvin's hand shakes badly.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
He stands for a moment, sighs, straightens up, and walks through the door.. ON A CLUSTER OF SHEEP, hiding nervously between buildings as shadows of passing dragons race by.
eyeing the fast-approaching FINISH LINE, unaware as...  FISHLEGS suddenly RAMS Meatlug into Stormfly, sending Astrid off-course.
But he's flying!
Toothless then suddenly starts grooming Hiccup, lapping at his face and covering him in slobber.
Hiccup fights to get free, finally springing to his feet and shaking off the viscous saliva.
Toothless' ear plates suddenly SHOOT UP.
He gets to his feet and puffs out his chest.
They're suddenly BOWLED OVER by Toothless and Stormfly.
Eret parts his tunic, revealing a large branding-iron scar on his torso, in the shape of a dragon skull, split by a sword.
Toothless ROARS a warning.
The GANG joyrides past GOTHI'S house, scattering her assortment of terrible terrors.
Vikings exchange worried glances.
They BLAST FIRE as panic ensues.
Suddenly, the warrior EXPLODES out of the clouds before them, standing atop a large dragon.
Toothless GROWLS a warning.
Suddenly, they're ambushed from behind.
He recoils, but the warrior persists, finding the faint scar on Hiccup's chin, glinting in the firelight.
Gobber pulls alongside Stoick, seeing his look of dread.
ON BABY HICCUP'S FACE, with the fresh nick on his chin...  HICCUP'S FACE, with the matching scar.
ON ERET, terrified, as the ground rushes up at him.
A MASSIVE FLOTILLA, moored together like a floating camp in the deep water between collided icebergs.
Suddenly, Stormfly is alerted to an encroaching menace and takes wing.
Eret SHAKES HIMSELF FREE.
Hookfang HISSES a warning, but Drago approaches, undaunted.
The soldiers HURL throwing knives at Eret...
Eret CATCHES the falling tube from the second soldier and BLOWS the dart at the fleeing third.
She suddenly grabbed by both arms before hitting the rocks.
A net suddenly envelops Cloudjumper.
A SECOND BEWILDERBEAST -- bigger, meaner, and covered in scars that indicate years of training and abuse.
Valka attacks Drago with her bullhook, trying to stop his commands, but Drago strikes back, knocking her forcefully onto her back.
As Drago gathers his weapon and drops his heavy cloak, circling Stoick, Drago's Bewilderbeast confronts Valka's in a threat display.
Drago LAUGHS mockingly, then removes his FALSE ARM, revealing a stump at his shoulder.
The sound of destruction rouses a flock of Terrible Terrors and Gothi, who was sleeping under the dragons.
The Gronckle's eyes suddenly turn to slits and it, too, takes wing, knocking over a chair and table as it heads for the door.
Suddenly, a SHEEP appears in its sight, rising and falling out of view.
Toothless suddenly PULLS UP, ARCING over Drago's head!
Seeing this, Drago panics and rushes toward the Bewilderbeast.
Suddenly, Skullcrusher fires.
A sheep grazes lazily on the grass as a Terrible Terror struggles in vain to carry him off.
A wreck.
Different suddenly.
Operations.
Fighting the paranoia.
Fear meter rising by the minute.
Punching it up.
A GUN.
Looking haunted.
Deep asleep.
She's watching him.
BOURNE reaching suddenly under the desk.
Stunned.
Suddenly, everything's changed.
This is bad.
Danger.
On alert.
MARIE backing away -- completely freaked -- BOURNE standing there with the knife in his hand and -- MARIE -- frightened -- confused -- paralyzed for a moment -- BOURNE glancing back -- a curtain fluttering behind him -- motioning for MARIE to get down -- do it -- now -- down!
-- MARIE -- the guy's backpack -- something in her hand -- and as freaked out as she was a moment ago -- this is worse -- Now there's KNOCKING AT THE DOOR and -- MARIE is past the point of rationality and CASTEL is bleeding and shaking and BOURNE is trying to think and it's just impossible and -- Suddenly -- CASTEL is moving!
Hides.
Bourne needs to get out of there -- without looking wimpy -- No children are harmed.
He moves past her into -- His hands shaking as he tries to wash them.
POLICE CARS approaching.
Up ahead -- TWO POLICE CARS snaking through traffic.
And he's up -- lifting up his bike and -- SIX POLICE CARS on their tail -- more joining.
Stunned.
Doomed.
And BOURNE looks paralyzed too.
Point blank -- phftt -- that makes it four and -- ABBOTT and ZORN alone in the dark.
Little dainty flakes of snow are suddenly visible.
This is desolate and dangerous.
Worse.
"... no... worry...  ...be...  fine... ... good care... you...  ...I'm your number one fan... " The first thing we see during this is something all white.
And now suddenly she flicks off the blankets, uncovering his body.
ANNIE, watching him, concerned.
Suddenly, it goes into a little icy spin--she fights it back under control.
She hands him his Novril; he quickly swallows them.
A PIECE OF BURNING PAPER in midair, floating against the gauzy curtain, and for a moment it looks like the curtain will catch fire and ANNIE, panicked, racing out of the room, going "Goodness, heavens to Betsy"-- THE BARBECUE, and what's left of the book.
As she starts to wheel the barbecue out, suddenly there is a new and different sound as we PAUL, head turning toward the window.
Stunned.
Stops.
The pain has him.
He works at it and works at it, but his energy is failing him.
Dark red predominates.
He is hurting.
PAUL, and now there's a brief light behind his eyes and suddenly he types a burst, stares at what he's written.
Worse.
And suddenly it's as if she's been turned off, gone lifeless.
No sound but the rain.
PAUL grips the knife and hides it under the covers.
We hear a clap of THUNDER and once again the rain pours down.
Before he can react, she jabs a needle into his arm, pulls it out and starts out of the room.
It's stopped raining, PAUL lies asleep.
PAUL--he has managed to partially fight his way through the drug, and in waking has accidentally knocked over the barbecue.
He taunts her with it.
He starts to crawl for the door.
In shock.
He is dark, polite and Colombian.
George and Diego, who is visibly shaken, watch.
He's inscrutable.
A knife punctures one of the bricks.
Armed Panamanian soldiers stand guard.
The rules are the same.
Blood spurts everywhere.
George is high and in a panic.
It's the middle of the night.
Nervous.
George starts to shake.
George is paralyzed.
Over this we hear...
Stan merrily walks up to a crappy looking house.
The door opens, and suddenly the kids quiet down.
Suddenly, the flames catch and Kenny starts burning alive.
Suddenly, there is a long, BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP.
Suddenly, Kenny goes spiraling downward.
Conan is growing nervous.
The Canadians look worried.
No nothing... Kenny continues on, flames shoot up randomly from the ground scaring the shit out of him.
Suddenly, Kenny hears a CLAWING NOISE.
Kenny shakes.
Mr. Mackey stands up, looking scared.
He's dead.'
Mackey slaps his hand over his mouth and looks around, scared.
Mackey looks afraid.
Now Chef starts to panic.
A beat.
He dashes over.
The boys watch in horror as the fifth graders run over and throw more Canadian items into the fire.
The door closes and it is dark.
A few armed soldiers walk by.
He hears a SCRAPING noise, and looks a little scared, but then tries to close his eyes to sleep.
Cartman is horrified.
Kenny looks scared.
A beat.
A beat.
Cartman comes running in, he looks scared.
Now the room is filled with a bunch of scared looking RESISTANCE FOLLOWERS.
Stan and Kyle look nervous.
Suddenly, the 3-D hologram starts to flicker and fizzle.
Suddenly, a bump in the ground starts to move forward, leaving a trail behind it.
He is scared out of his mind.
Cartman gets scared and hides in the shadows.
The soldiers continue walking...  ...And pass a terrified Cartman.
Suddenly, the attic door bursts open!
Suddenly, the Mole pops out of the hole.
The Mole coughs up more blood.
The scary giant Executioner grabs Terrance and Phillip and puts them into electric chairs.
Stan trudges through the wilderness looking tired and scared.
Stan looks weak and afraid.
A bloody soldier suddenly stumbles and falls in front of the boys holding a massive head wound.
And he drives the knife into the Canadian's chest.
But then, suddenly, another Canadian Soldier appears out of nowhere, and blows a hole through Mackey's chest.
Suddenly, Stan jumps down into the trench.
Suddenly, the ticket guy's chest rips open.
The soldiers all look scared and puzzled.
The charge hits Saddam in the chest.
He drops again.
Saddam looks around and is suddenly scared.
Suddenly WILL becomes impatient.
WILL stops.
ROSALINE is big breasted, dark-eyed, dark- haired, sexual.
WILL takes the snake bracelet and slips it onto her arm.
THOMAS begins to panic.
WILL has come to the kitchen door with a letter.
Suddenly WESSEX takes him affably by the elbow and leads him into an alcove.
WILL gasps.
He watches her.
HENSLOWE is reading his pages, worried.
WILL moves back into the wings where HENSLOWE is looking anxious.
She has forgotten herself.
Shock and horror.
But suddenly six more men and a dog invade the stage, ready to fight.
In danger of having her cover blown, she ducks down again, leaving the trap open just nicely for Will to plummet down it.
He stands horror-stricken.
She watches with detachment as WESSEX starts to back out of the church, finally running in terror.
Aware, suddenly, of the others watching, she breaks his gaze and drops her head.
He curses--the terror and despair.
WILL steps back, and sinks to his knees.
There is a money chest, too.
DE LESSEPS sighs and unlocks his money chest.
He looks worried and furtive.
They shake hands.
He is cowering in dread anticipation.
Figures are running across the stage, in the panic that follows "TYBALT" death.
WILL stops.
The ACTORS are worried.
It's changed.
The Non-smoker fumbles out a pack of cigarettes and flees.
Alex suddenly approaches the table.
Hawk tries to flee, but a grinning Alex pulls him toward it.
Big Stan fires off a warning shot.
Suddenly a light is turned on in the corner, revealing a seated Cesar and Antony Mario, the latter taking a painful Gatesirita sip.
Suddenly a line across Gates's neck turns red and blood begins to gush like a tourist attraction.
Both Darwin and Minerva Mayflower suddenly DUCK DOWN.
The elevated gurney blasts out the back with a now unstrapped but terrified Hawk whoa-a-ing atop it.
Battered by wind and fear, Hawk clutches to the gurney and the sheet with a grit teeth stoneface.
In the foreground, Hawk's gurney coasts down Hawk, with an unchanged expression of pure white knuckle fear, comes to a tranquil gurney-wheels-gently-squeaking stop.
The stuffed elephant suddenly goes flying over Anna's head.
Seeing the limo, he FREAKS and balls himself into a corner.
Burly Guard approaches the outskirts of the Codex room.
Suddenly a brick on the slightly slanted roof gives way and Hawk FALLS.
The locals give off a slightly dazed "A-a-h" and move off.
Suddenly a card floats down into his hand.
Threaten- ing SOVIET SOLDIERS maneuver on the floor.
The CIA bomb blows up the door with a weird silencer sound.
Anna suddenly moves past the pillar to see the Mayflowers and the V.I.P.S.
Suddenly, the roof above them explodes.
They thunder out.
She is shivering, shaking the gun.
The last of the Soviet VIPS flee as the Soldiers tip over the M shaped table on its side, using it for cover, firing upward.
Snickers goes for a final thrust when suddenly one of the silencer time bombs suctions to his head.
A mist of blood coughs out of the shredder vent and makes a weird bloody line across the wall.
Hawk's voice suddenly comes on Minerva's head-set.
She fires again.
gasps.
He TURNS SUDDENLY to see MARY, the housekeeper, not ten feet from him, in the laundry room, coat on, fluffing her collar, ready to go home.
It stirs life in him and his eyes wander reflexively upward, studying the ceiling -- then the doors of the apartment, left slightly ajar.
ANGLE ON MIKE; SHAKEN.
CLOSE ON CLAIRE:  her eyes wide with TERROR.
In the SILENCE that follows, their eyes on each other, appraising.
But he stops, too.
He sees how nervous she is.
NEIL manages a final concerned stare at CLAIRE before he goes.
CLAIRE, staring expressionless, her eyes etched with fear.
MIKE aware of that fear.
She GASPS.
Recovering from the scare, ELLIE grabs him, relieved, sinking to her KNEES and HOLDING HIM TIGHT.
CLAIRE lies asleep.
He stretches, trying to shake his fatigue.
But there is blood everywhere.
MIKE desperate; pumping T.J.'S chest.
ANGLE ON MIKE:  shirtless and shoeless, on his knees in T.J.'S blood, desperately pumping his chest.
But stops.
HER EYES anxious, scanning the crowd.
SHE GLANCES around, her "ESCORTS" mistaking it for anxiety, one of them taking her arm and escorting her in.
SPEECHES droning on -- CAMERA FINDING CLAIRE at a round dinner table, with OTHERS, who think they're engaging her in conversation; but her thoughts are elsewhere, her eyes continually glancing toward the doors -- both hoping and fearing.
caught in a nightmare.
MIKE PARALYZED with FEAR.
She NODS:  terrified.
CLOSE ON TOMMY, ON HIS KNEES, his hands tied behind his back; emitting a whimper of terror.
OTHER PEOPLE are MOVING INWARD, CLAIRE among them, clad in an OVERSIZED POLICE OVERCOAT -- looking frail and frightened, SHUDDERING WITH RELIEF when she sees that all are safe.
Both are hurting.
Ted wheezes and pounds on his chest.
Just as Ted's eyes grow wide with anxiety, several packs of smokes drop into the juvenile delinquent's hands.
He jumps back with a light nervous laugh.
Then Athena calls out -- Elspeth becomes anxious with jealousy.
She presents her cat -- upward toward heaven -- frees the cat, bares her breasts and sucks in the vibes: "Ahhhh."
She lowers her eyes, worried.
Eva looks up, worried.
He hangs up.
On nervous impulse, Ted begins the calculations.
Ted enters the bathroom, which appears shaken by an earthquake.
The blood rushes to his head.
The words hit Sigfried like bullets to the chest...  his legs weaken.
Dangerous.
Stunned.
He feels his jaw.
It's still there.
Ted not only doesn't back down, but psychologically pokes his finger in the scary Man's chest.
He's reluctant.
Fearful.
She shakes it violently.
Juancho lights up a cigarette for real and takes nervous puffs.
The whole room is uneasy and a little frightened.
Ted is completely confused and starting to get a little scared, but he does what he's told.
Before any threat can be made, Mickey whips a large buck knife out from its sheath, and in a flash, SLICES off Sonny's finger.
Finally, blood flows from the slices made in his face and chest.
The knife PLUNGES deep into Earls back.
She screams.
Wurlitzer shakes hands with Scagnetti.
Mickey shakes his head no.
Everybody is wearing, and looks like they slept in, the same clothes as the night before, except Wayne, who's in another sweater and looks alert and snappy.
HOME MOVIE - CU of Mallory asleep in bed.
SHOT of Movie Mallory with a knife to a COP'S throat.
Grace is afraid to face the crowd.
She remains silent and scared.
COURT SKETCH of terrified Grace.
CAMERA dollies into a MED.
Her eyes are wide with fear.
The CAMERA pulls back to reveal a gag in her mouth and a knife pressed against her throat.
Blood is smeared on his face, and he's holding a knife pressed to his lips, also covered with blood.
CU pencil puncturing Grace's blood soaked chest in SLOW MOTION.
His attack is unending in SLOW MOTION.
Suddenly, things get short between the two men.
Mickey lays on his bed with his hands behind his head.
CAMERA TILTS down to a CU of a thin stream of BLOOD crawling across the floor.
We DOLLY past the faces of both Wayne and Roger, who are flat on the ground, scared to death.
DOLLY in on Scagnetti's gun in F.G., past the gun, to his face.
The hostages have been cut free from each other and sit against the wall.
The other, DEPUTY DUNCAN HOMOLKA is panicked and jumpy, one may never see a more nervous man.
Blood trickles out between the fingers.
Suddenly, a shooting star whizzes by through the opening.
John, Ted, and Lori watch a horror movie on the couch.
ANGLE ON a creepy-looking man glancing at them repeatedly.
He then breaks into a creepy falsetto.
She cracks up.
A beat.
Frank screams in shock and horror.
He holds a knife.
John catches up to her and grabs her arm, but she shakes him off.
She freaks out, and runs into the water.
After a beat, Ted gets in their faces, scaring the shit out of them.
ANGLE ON the doorway, where John enters, a little nervous.
There's a beat.
We reveal Donny, the creepy man from earlier, with his son Robert.
A beat.
There's a beat.
There's a beat.
Ted gets one leg and one arm up onto the edge of the window, when suddenly he is whacked hard in the side of the head, sending him tumbling onto the floor.
Ted shakes himself off, still a little dazed, and climbs back up.
Robert backs off in fear.
He shakes it off, and runs up the sidewalk.
CLOSE UP ON TED'S FACE - His eyes go wide, and for a moment, his face freezes with fear.
Suddenly, Ted's eyes snap open.
The men shake hands, Dave enthusiastically, Hillyer less so.
It is frightening even now; he is a clown, but he is a dangerous clown.
She is sweaty, tired and seems very nervous.
It is apparent she is badly frightened and apprehensive about what lies ahead.
She blinks at perspiration, swallows in anxiety again and forces herself to walk on.
It is very plain she is nervous and frightened.
Slightly cuckoo, a bit out of touch with reality, but no fool.
She is very, very nervous.
He is no clown, he is not even a comedian, he is a man and a formidable man at that: all the characters in this story love and fear him.
She moistens her lips, speaks in a slightly feeble voice.
The extremity of her crime has dawned on Rose and she is sitting up in the bed with a look of horror on her face.
Buddy is staring worriedly at her. ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Buddy as Rose in a panic gets out of the bed, pulls down her thin nightgown and tiptoes toward the door.
The horror of her own criminality has overwhelmed her.
They are in some far dark recess of the cellar of the house and the scene is furtive, murky, cobwebby.
A shot of Mother in her study, a worried Doll stands before her.
CUT BACK to Rose standing before the mirror, sick with horror.
A feeble whimper-like groan comes from her. ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose as she turns from the bureau and stares off into space, a very badly frightened girl.
CUT TO a shot of Buddy half asleep in bed.
Mother comes INTO THE SHOT, worried, frowning.
Be is grim.
Be is half-crouched behind a big oak, peering at the Hillyer house.
CUT TO a shot of a worried-looking Mother on the front porch of the house.
The children are very silent and look a trifle scared.
A look of fear and guilt is on her face.
CUT TO a shot of Mother, Rose and Buddy in a dentist's waiting room.
ANOTHER ANGLE, Rose shrinks in fear as, enter the dentist in a white coat, DR.
She plants her feet and her eyes open wide with horror as she sees the chair and other equipment.
Buddy steals a worried glance at him.
A little innocent, frightened smile is on her face.
Rose is badly frightened and still coughing.
They are badly frightened, even terrified.
Rose is conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the children.
The CAMERA STAYS on the frightened silent children as they stare after Rose on the stretcher.
The man gives a sudden nervous start of fright as we hear Daddy's voice loud on the TRACK.
The CAMERA follows as they walk past an ancient coal-burning furnace and...  climb up into 'a crawl space beneath the front of the house.
We see a frightened Doll in her nightgown in the b.g. down the hall, a hand to her mouth.
We see a wide-eyed, terrified Rose.
We see lying on the ground BILLY, the Sulky Boy who scared Mother.
Mother looks worried.
Rose lies weeping in terror on his shoulder.
Dr. Martinson stares at her in fear and shock, intimidated by the calm fury and ice-cold moral indignation.
Even Waski is very scared.
A tiny frown comes on her forehead as icy fear comes in her eyes.
In pale fear, mother stares at him, uncertain what has happened.
The room is dusty, musty, dark.
Willcox Hillyer is not disturbed or worried about Rose, Daddy has been very casual and offhand about it and he has no inkling of what the news really is.
He has tucked the violin under his chin, starts to improvise a nervous pent-up melody.
Suddenly the music stops.
His name is ROGOZHIN, and he is Russian.
They are giggling and chattering in Russian.
Is he missing?
He is flushed and slightly inebriated, and there is a flower tucked behind his ear.
He pales.
He picks up the butter-knife from the table, suddenly turns back with a delayed reaction.
He starts to pry open the locks of the suitcase with the butter-knife.
They become aware of a squeaking noise outside the rear of the shop, growing louder as it gets nearer.
They are about to get under way when suddenly Holmes stops them.
During a test run in Moray Firth, pressure caused a leak in the hull.
I'm afraid it was rather negligible, Your Majesty.
In the half-light, Gabrielle can be seen asleep in her bed.
Once in the castle, they will encounter surprisingly little resistance -- it will take but a small bottle of chloroform to overcome the guards.
Watson approaches the door, opens it to reveal INSPECTOR LESTRADE -- a short, nervous man whose features are sharper than his mind.
He's dead.
Only their chests and heads are above water.
What a nightmare.
Nightmare continues...
As Charlie hands out airline tickets -- Lyle and Half-Ear have been kept in the dark until now.
The homeboy is still attached to the car door by the knife.
Half-Ear sees the bullet holes that surround the suitcase.
This worries her.
As the videotapes start to cook, we watch Karen flee out the door.
The wire is half-way in when a LARGE SPIDER drops onto his hand.
Half-Ear studies the spider...  then he closes his eyes just a moment... relaxes...  breathes in, breathes out... and then -- He leans forward, opens his mouth and clamps his lips over the spider, comes back up.
Half-Ear plucks it off just as delicately, depositing the spider on the wall.
See cars collide into each other.
Suddenly it loses power and comes to an inglorious stop.
FIRES.
His red Mini jumps a curve, now on a wide sidewalk, accelerating full throttle for the horizon while pedestrians flatten themselves against a high-rise in fear.
Waves of people flee the path of the little car and -- THUD, THUDA, THUD, the motorcycle follows right behind.
Suddenly the LAPD helicopter swoops down towards the parking lot, shattering the air, blowing up dirt and discarded newspapers in a rush of turbo-wash, trying to box in the Mini.
And for the first time, he's scared.
And it jars him.
A beat.
Nervous eyes flick to the bell.
Suddenly the table is full.
A dangerous beat -- before the C.O. disengages.
Suddenly it's losing air.
Crew Six approaches, garbed in black wetsuits, loaded down with weapons and rucksacks.
A snake slithering across the ground.
A knife whacks its head off.
Fast-attack vehicles approach.
Suddenly a TROOP CARRIER ROARS over a rise.
Laying down weapons.
The captors.
A beat.
It makes Jordan think -- and yes, it makes her afraid.
An ANXIOUS MURMUR races through the men:  They don't want to see this.
She looks scared out of her mind.
Now we understand why she's so scared: There's a witch-hunt brewing.
Stepping out of the house.
Walking Jordan a few steps away: It's a threat DeHaven doesn't appreciate.
Suddenly a HELO HOWLS across the sun, scattering the birds as it heads off-shore.
He knows his mini-tank is running on empty -- and it scares the bejeezus out of him.
And suddenly they're gone, whisked away by the boat.
One more tug on the sheet and we see, and suddenly hear, from William Starks' P.O.V. the CHAOS of the hospital around him as DOCTORS and NURSES tend as best as they can to the injured soldiers.
JEAN sits next to the car, holding her knees to her chest, more like a child than her daughter.
He runs his hand uncertainly over the SCARS on his arm from the Jacket and looks around -- not knowing where his PARANOIA ends and REALITY begins.
As he talks, MACKENZIE notes the SCARS on Starks' arms.
BRUTALLY.
She is on the PHONE, calling various shelters.
Suddenly, a SMASHING SOUND is heard as something falls in the kitchen.
GRIES pushes the drawer back in, afraid of what they've done to this man...  STARKS clenches his face and pleadingly closes his eyes.
As she comes up, that's when she remembers the night before and the voice she barely heard in her sleep.
STARKS turns and aims his gun at a CRAZED IRAQI SOLDIER threatening to shoot a child.
STARKS, who is now in the scene himself, lowers his gun slightly as he approaches the SOLDIER.
STARKS is asleep when a DARK FIGURE walks, like a GHOST, past the WINDOWED DOOR of his room.
STARKS panics when he hears the voice.
It's only as she turns her face away from STARKS that we see how nervous she is.
MACKENZIE clams up slightly at the mention of it...  MACKENZIE's eyes start to twitch nervously.
MACKENZIE grows visibly more nervous at this second mention of it.
Nearly every object could be a threat to his life as this point.
The BRUTE bowls over and STARKS looks at the GLASS terrified.
Is this when he dies?
STARKS cuts him off and threatens with his gaze.
TENNY's voice takes a dangerous tone.
STARKS stands in the lighted tunnel, which only gets brighter as his heart races with fear in the first seconds that he's back in there.
So much that he shakes as he looks for his bearings.
Damon's eyes are filled with dishonesty, tears and a craven FEAR.
STARKS looks scared and lost -- like it's all catching up to him.
JACKIE is lying in STARKS' arms, running her FINGERS over one of the SCARS on his chest.
MACKENZIE suddenly stops, distraught.
BECKER leaves without looking back and STARKS closes his eyes, breathing a sigh of relief that it's over.
DAMON flashes a KNIFE at STARKS.
The only sounds we hear from him are a couple, barely audible guttural noises.
STARKS looks at Becker -- each a terrifying reminder of the other's past.
STARKS is awake, watching JACKIE sleep wearily on his chest.
She RUSHES after him, opens the door in a fit, and then, sees what she feared most: no sign of Starks.
TALIA gasps and Lorenson watches the boy in fear.
Then, suddenly, she sticks her hand for him to shake, as she did that day on the roadside; only now, it trembles slightly in the cold.
They drive on in silence.
BLOOD starts to flow.
STARKS touches his FOREHEAD in a panic and, seeing the BLOOD on his hands, looks up at her, terrified.
JACKIE helps him make it to the car, much like before...  STARKS can hardly keep his eyes off her when her CELL PHONE suddenly rings.
HOLD ON the tulip as the background FADES UP around it to reveal we're now in -- It's surrounded by the dark, lush, greenery of the forest floor.
He turns her wrist over, runs his hand over the horseshoe shaped SCAR on her forearm.
Compassion?
stare down at her, at her blood, with fevered eyes.
Beat.
ECU ON EDWARD'S HAND moving away from hers...  BACK ON BELLA'S WORRIED FACE, off which we go to -- PAN the photos on the wall.
She climbs out, heads toward the house but stops, relief washing over her -- He stands by the house.
Dread fills her, but she lets him guide her toward the woods...  Edward stops by a fallen tree.
He softens ever-so-slightly.
It gets darker and darker, until we're deep into night -- HEAR Bella's sharp desperate BREATHS -- BELLA TRIPS.
Devastation paralyzing her.
Bella, terrified, manages to DRAG herself to a cluster of trees.
Charlie, beside himself with worry, pores over a map with BILLY BLACK (in wheelchair.) and Quileute HARRY CLEARWATER, 46, (dark braids, stout, protruding belly, kind face.).
A BLACK LIQUID begins to flood the floor, slowly swallowing everything in the room.
Stop worrying.
Much to Jessica's frustration, Bella begins to cross the street toward the Guys, frightened but drawn.
She stops.
It's unsettling how they watch Bella and Jacob; the ferocity in their eyes, the danger.
Stops.
The guys are terrified.
STAY ON TIM as suddenly, there's an eerie SILENCE.
CLOSE ON TIM - tearing through the woods, too scared to feel the branches SMACK him in the face.
And a little scared.
His dark eyes, his bare chest and smooth skin.
Anxious.
Bella sinks to her knees.
Tears threatening.
But then she hears a RUSTLING noise.
Laurent begins to stroll in a slow arc around her, his eyes assessing her as -- Bella's smile falters, fear beginning to dawn on her.
Suddenly, he's standing inches from her.
Dark blood-red.
Terror overwhelms her.
He sees something in the forest behind Bella - and it terrifies him.
Bella is frozen with fear as they come toward her.
Suddenly, there's a KNOCK at the driver's window.
But she HEARS the SCREECHING noise again!
It's agonizing.
Is concerned.
She stops him.
She pulls off the road, and drives into the forest.
Forest NOISES encroach.
Their teeth flash at each other's throats.
Emily looks toward them now -- REVEALING the other side of her face: A scar runs from hairline to chin, three red lines that pull down her eye and twist her mouth.
He kisses Emily's scarred face adoringly.
Jared and Embry crowd them, finding a scar on Paul's arm -- As Jared reluctantly hands Embry five bucks, Jacob's eyes find Bella's.
Denise reaches for him -- Denise, scared, shakes Michael's arm -- -- which causes Michael's head to roll to the side, revealing his gouged, blood-soaked neck and his vacant, dead eyes.
But it stays with her...  Bella knocks on the door, rain falling around her, wind blowing strong.
He GASPS, breath stuck in his chest.
A beat.
Suddenly, she POPS back up.
Starts to pull her under...  UNDER THE WATER - Bella struggles -- ABOVE WATER - she pops up, looks around in a panic, SEES -- BELLA'S POV - IN THE DISTANCE - something orange-ish, bobbing on the surface of the water -- Bella goes down - then comes up again - THE ORANGE-ISH thing is suddenly thirty yards closer.
He reaches to her, she to him, hands almost touching, things going dark...  suddenly A HAND GRABS HER COLLAR -- CLOSE ON BELLA - barely conscious.
Jacob's suddenly standing in front of her, furious -- She starts to move past him, but he stops her -- Her words are a knife to the heart.
He disappears into the darkness, leaving her alone on the dark road.
Off Rosalie, worried...  Bella walks Charlie to his cruiser.
At the car, Bella adjusts his tie -- Emotion threatens.
He stops.
Beat.
A kiss is a centimeter away...  Suddenly, the shrill RING of the phone makes them both jump.
Suddenly, Jacob's eyes go wild, his body stiffens, starts trembling in the way that precedes a wolf-morph.
This wounds him.
Bella can see they're afraid of this small girl.
Bella shivers.
A beat.
It wounds him.
Suddenly, it coughs, shudders, stalls.
Stands shivering as it powers away.
Rosalie is terrified, sobbing...  Arrives at the halfway turn of the second staircase.
Cates and a GUARD on the upper deck approaching the door to the cell block...
As he starts to pass by...  Hammond steps out suddenly... Flattens him with the car door.
Sudden silence throughout the room.
Hammond hands them over with the knife.
His windmill attack penetrates Cates' defense.
Another street Luther turns onto a side street and then suddenly Cate's Cadillac appears ...  starts to tail the Porsche.
suddenly swings over several lanes of traffic and parks in driveway of parking lot.
He motions Luther to move awaye, but Luther starts to panic when he sees Cates and Hammond closing in...  Ganz reacts to Luther, turns and spots the two men.
Suddenly appears, Rosalie at his side.
Hesitates...  Panic has overtaken everyone as they try to escape the madman with the gun.
Ganz and Billy elbow and kick their way through the crowd, tugging Rosalie along...  Cates, gun in hand, creates further-panic as he moves after Ganz.
Running for the doors...  Suddenly, a SECURITY OFFICER appears, riot gun in hand.
Witnesses stand in nervous little knots.
She stops him.
Suddenly, Hammond sees Luther emerge from the Predmore across the street.
Hangs up.
Suddenly, Hammond is pointing a gun at him...  Billy stands.
With lightning sudden quickness, he reaches and produces a huge Bowie knife from behind his back.
The woman reels back in terror with the baby...
Through the large windows we see snow falling...  Jack, flat on his back in bed, fast asleep... Close in on Jacks face, bathed in morning light... he opens his eyes...feels something strange...  Jack looks down...theres a womans head resting on his chest.
Frightened, Jack drops the bad, looking down at himself for the first time... hes naked... ... a mortified look on his face as he sees the kids on the bed... ... he quickly grabs a pair of sweat pants and a yellow cardigan off the chair and throws them on... Kate, still half asleep, reaches out her hand.
A look of fear on his face as Kate opens her eyes...  Eye contact...Jacks certain hes about to hear her scream...
Tony shrugs his shoulders.
Running across the empty plaza toward the building entrance...  Jack bursts through the door, approaching the lobby desk where FRANK the security guard sits.
But the dog ignores him, dragging Jack along... Kate is in bed, fast asleep.
Beat.
A beat.
He misses...
They shake hands.
An anxious laugh from Big Ed.
Big Eds getting more nervous.
He approaches the rack, pulls out a dark green suit, gently touching the soft wool.
Terror on Jacks face.
A small, elegant French restaurant hidden on a tree- lined lower Manhattan street.
They shake hands.
It looked dangerous.
Ah, you worry too much.
Watch this.
Fire.
Scene briefly switches to the children's worried faces in the vents.
We got a warning light on our EPS system.
Who's the bald freak?
We have an emergency.
I fear you're not wrong, milady.
Can we s-s- Stop?
An alarm suddenly goes off in Thunderbird 2. What's going on?
It's too dangerous.
I'm worried about my dad too.
Tintin uses a limb to hit the bee hive at Mullion and the other two guards.
Mullion falls off the car and into a puddle while being stung by bees.
(After she tries to attack Lady Penelope and Lady Penelope pushes her over.)
He's weak.
I'm sorry it's too risky.
Thunderbird 2 lands in a park near the London Eye and causes panic.
Chuck, I'm here in Jubilee Gardens where Thunderbird 2 has made an impromptu landing, causing total panic in Central London.
Brains, we're going into the accident zone.
We still have a dangerous situation.
How ghastly.
Weapons underground keeping our planet safe and sound If someone evils coming round they should be frightened (frightened.)
Her eyes are large and dark -- her look open and ripe.
She knows what she's got, and doesn't make any excuses for it -- but the fact is she's scared as hell, possessing a  vulnerability that surprises her by its suddenness.
Suddenly a STAGEHAND pokes his head into the room, holds the door open as Prince and his band cut quickly to the stage.
Suddenly the stage is plunged into darkness.
Prince glances at the card, then stares at Vanity,  the ripeness of her look paralyzing.
She takes a sudden step, then stops, paralyzed with indecision.
FRANTIC!
Fear trickles into the hollows of his body like cold water,  His pain commands him to move, but the impulse short circuits somewhere at the waist, leaving his legs twitching uncontrollably.
She's in her early 40's, a dark-haired, faded beauty, with large, wild, anxious eyes.
as she stops suddenly and stares transfixed.
He stops suddenly, locks eyes with her, feels his knees go weak.
Jill looks concerned-- Kim is 21 years and gorgeous, with dark eyes, a smooth sculpted face, and taut shapely legs.
Her hair is swept back and wind-blown, her eyes dark and dancing.
He regards her suspiciously-- Chick advances on her -- her eyes widen with fear-- She breaths a sigh of relief.
Suddenly "G-Spot" comes to a rousing end.
Suddenly FOOTSTEPS approach.
As he approaches his house he slows, moves past it quietly.
Intrigued.
Vanity's scared -- tries to be cool-- He walks off.
She moans suddenly, the shudder moving through her like a whirlwind ...  MOONLIGHT glows throuch the casement windows.
Fear sweeps her like a shadow from a passing cloud.
Then silence...  ...deep silence like snow in the room...  Vanity's racked with fear.
Something heavy CRASHES to the floor... Vanity rises from the bed in a panic!
Suddenly a HAND reaches out of the darkness, GRABS her by the throat.
She SCREAMS, swings her bag desperately -- something CRASHES, into the bushes-- She sees it's Morris -- she's beside herself  with fear and rage-- He struggles in the bushes -- DOGS start They cut across the yard, head to the street.
The STREETS glisten with the rain.
He closes his eyes, tries to relax ...  Suddenly a DOOR SLAMS in the far reaches of the house.
She jumps up suddenly.
PRINCE suddenly enters the hall.
He resists them slightly, his body lurching in fit and starts.
Suddenly he breaks free, faces them with his back to he door.
Suddenly a TRAIN WHISTLE BLASTS just behind him, sending a shot of fear through his guts.
They blast around another bend neck to neck Suddenly Prince's eyes widen with horror.
He SCREAMS in bloody terror!
Suddenly the DOOR flies open.
Exhaustion suddenly overwhelms him.
The Clown persists, however, going through a little routine, handing him flower after flower...  Suddenly Jerome throws them into the air, grabs the Clown by the throat and flings him headlong down the hallway.
The audience loves her and he suddenly feels very alone -- as if another wall has gone up between them.
Suddenly Vanity pulls away, indicates she will be back and cuts out the room.
She breaks in a panic!
Suddenly he flips her onto her stomach, forces her to stand painfully on her knees.
A sudden dread courses through him, leaving a hollow in his stomach.
Panic sets in.
Then sudden bolt of fear makes his head swim.
CHAOS!
His Mother is kneeling by the gurney, crying hysterically, grasping his hands in a white panic.
He looks up suddenly -- the gun in his Father's hand.
The gun.
He bolts to his feet, paces back and forth in a panic!
He opens a large, oaken chest and flips over.
his heart pounding in his chest, he searches frantically through the rubble scattered about him.
he stands, moves quickly down the hallway to the antechamber...  Suddenly we HEAR a TAPE REWINDING.
Suddenly The Time crosses the doorway -- Morris does a double- take, sticks his head into the room-- The Time busts up, drags Morris from the room.
A nervous TWITTER ripples though the crowd.
He sucks in the night air as if he was drowning.
Jill is there, scared, her face a map of tears.
Then suddenly they catch themselves, stop, act dignified.
The room is dark and messy.
Jimmy rocks forward as the stress balls that were sitting on the passenger seat fly to the floor.
Suddenly remembering, he doubles back and sticks his head in through the driver-side window, checking the gas gage.
Allison lies on top, nestling her head in his chest.
Carter climbs to his feet and heads toward the back door, shaking off his hands, passing right by Jessica.
He climbs out, slides his CHINESE STRESS BALLS into his pocket, and walks toward the house, his BACKPACK strapped over both shoulders like a schoolboy.
As RJ about- faces to lead Jimmy out of the kitchen and deeper into the house, we follow Jessica outside.
JIMMY has his CELL PHONE to his ear, waiting for voicemail, anxious.
PEDRO is approaching from the kitchen carrying a nearly-full BEER.
Jessica flinches as if afraid Aaron would hit her.
Aaron sits up against a tree, his hands to his head.
The noise of the party drowns out their conversation.
We catch a glimpse of Allison's face - she is in utter panic.
PARTYGOERS carry on, barely concerned that the police are breaking up the party.
Kwon grabs his Gun and stands up, slightly out of breath from his climb.
>From O.S. a CHINESE STRESS BALL hits Kwon in the forehead.
ALLISON, who had been standing back watching the assault, approaches Heather, who is getting up onto her knees.
FIRES.
Buddy, late-night conspiratorial confab with Sparazza soldier.
The party proceeds through the crosswalk, approaching them is a dark-suited man, expressionless, hands in his pockets.
Hugo, swallowing, pressures on.
Watters, lewd sneer, looks almost lustfully at Sykes as she says the following; Padiche, recovering, nodding, nervous.
Buddy still standing there next to the phone, wincing, breathing shallow, looking down, rubbing his chest.
Beat.
Suddenly, the phone begins to ring.
Buddy's rubs his chest-- grimacing-- he lays back on the piano, hoists a vial of blow, presses a nostril, does a bump.
--Acosta, coming out of his coat, fake ID in hand, the supervisor reaching for it and the ringing phone simultaneously-- suddenly a six-inch, spring-loaded stiletto blade explodes from Acosta's sleeve, piercing the ID-- pinning it to the Supervisor's chest.
The Supervisor's knees begin to buckle, nervous system slowly shutting down.
A clouded bog-- coming to-- consciousness, then, retching, gagged gasps, throat ablaze with bile, liquid clearing convulsed lungs, breath in burning spasms-- not enough air.
He crawls from the water, muscles cramping, knotting up.
College kid, patch-acne, panic-stricken, stammering, struggling, a phone stuck to his hand-- The kid's skittish gaze shifts, locking on a figure moving through the lobby.
A group of Sparazza henchmen surround him, spiriting him toward a nearby stairwell, anxious to avoid the police.
Gill shakes his head "no" as Hugo dials.
Carruthers, absent nods, anxious.
Acosta/Bill, back to futzing with his walkie-talkie-- going so far as to remove the battery-- --And that's when Carruthers sees it... Bill's fingers, flesh mottled at the tips, horribly scarred over-- --something clicks --memories fire --photostrobic...
Elmore, left alone, stark naked, shaking-- he turns his head, gazing into the other room-- a newscast plays on the television: A Reporter, lakeside, via live feed... standing in the same parking lot where Deeks and Dupree were killed.
Suddenly, the stairwell doors are flung open, revealing Hugo and Gill.
Watters, trying to listen to Sykes, but concerned by the sudden surge of activity from the police scanners.
A steady thrum, building slowly...  Israel on the phone, consumed by chest spasms.
A handcuffed Ivy watches with them as the elevator doors open and a big plume of black smoke vacates the car, eerily cast light burns blood red within, infernal, hellish.
MUSTACHE -- Sensing grave danger, his gun being drawn.
Chaos.
Carnage.
The gunplay gets them spooked, scared-- they scramble from the car-- cops and feds try to stuff them back inside the elevator as rounds continue to rain down.
Carruthers, pawing feebly at her, moaning-- trying to warn her-- she shrugs him off.
Sykes, kevlar burning, smashed round still hot, she tries to pull her vest off, finds her newly paralyzed arm uncooperative.
--Watters, panicked, pulling the Barrett up off its tri-pod, hitting the hallway, double-timing to the stairwell...
Hugo, crawling across the floor, knees dragging over his own blood trail, trying to reach: Israel, on the ground, dying.
He clears it efficiently, patiently reloading the weapon as Doc Gill, in panic mode, performs full chest compressions on Buddy as we-- Messner, doing the same to Carruthers, trying to restart his heart.
Then, the sound of an helicopter intrudes, rotor thrum, building steadily, growing louder-- the floor seems to shake as the chopper approaches-- nervous eyes dart-- nobody moves.
Gill, frantic, rapid chest compressions on Israel, who gags, starts, coughs, heart back up and beating.
Soot puts the gun flush with Buddy's skull when suddenly, the ceiling begins to tremble and shake... the sound of a helicopter filling the air.
He's dead.
You gonna lemme see your scars?
A beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Locke, pale, shook up.
A beat.
Messner's head falls into his hands.
Sheila bends, shakes his shoulder.
Bock suddenly exsufflates in a snorting grunt.
It's bloody.
A horror-film rainstorm lashes the vast dark complex of buildings.
ACROSS the silent, dark, typewriter-covered desks of the two secretaries through the doorway to Bock's private office, we can see Bock at his desk, lit by the desk lamp.
Nurse Devine makes her way silently down the sleeping doors to...  Dark, sleeping.
The room is dark and hushed again.
It's quite a sight for a nervous, sedated man to wake to.
Bock looks up, and they suddenly find their eyes locked.
It is likewise dark, but suddenly the lights go on and, a moment later, Bock enters.
They stare at each other, she in terror, he with affection.
Dr. Mallory thumps the patient's chest hard with his fist, and the others, likewise, go to work.
Suddenly, Drummond's eyes open.
Then he moves his other arm, his head, his shoulders.
PAN SLOWLY across the Emergency Room to catch its state of contained febrility.
In background, Drummond, suddenly released from his catatonic trance, heads for the armoire and extracts the white trousers of Dr. Schaefer's uniform.
REYNOLDS regards HAMERSLEY a moment, then opens the car door-- HAMERSLEY's car snakes down the twisting mountain road.
NPR drones on the radio as a police car crawls behind him, SIREN YELPING, lights flashing, trying to get by.
He steps to the door and eyes the peep-hole.
ZAVITZ backs from the window, seized by panic.
ZAVITZ inches along, scared breathless.
Fears confirmed, ZAVITZ starts down the sidewalk, shakes off pain, and moves to a run.
Then it clicks...  ZAVITZ turns, frightened.... DEAN looks around...  ...ZAVITZ is gone.
DEAN drives, a little shaken by events.
The house is ransacked.
The ALARM suddenly BLARES, adding mayhem.
LEVIN approaches the men's room.
We HEAR a recording of the conversation between DEAN, PRATT and BINGHAM while we're CLOSE on an INK NEEDLE measuring Dean's voice stress levels.
Standing with him is REYNOLDS, the Dean file and voice stress graph laid out before him.
A massive clubhouse surrounded by expensive cars and tended grounds.
Up and down the legs, behind the back and chest.
He eyes the door.
DEAN does but is suddenly redirected through a roof- access door.
DEAN huddles in the back car, panic-breathing, as PRATT and JONES move through the cars searching for faces.
Then he hears it.
Panic overtakes horror as DEAN quickly searches for anything else of his that may have been planted inside the apartment.
DEAN's asleep.
A massive, dark place filled with glowing monitors.
BRILL eyes the road behind him.
He slows more.
SIRENS suddenly fade in.
The needle snaps on.
After a nervous moment, the door opens and HICKS, JONES and DAVIS enter.
REYNOLDS is asleep when the PHONE wakes him up.
He hangs up.
Suddenly Lester gives George a steely look.
They're strangers to each other.
This stops her again.
He hangs up.
The contact makes them both nervous.
She leaves the bathroom, moves quickly through the house to the kitchen.
He stops.
Suddenly, the DOGS begin to BARK.
She's frozen with fear.
He's anxious to go.
She hits with considerable skill and power until she misses the backboard and the ball lodges in the steel mesh surrounding the court.
She's trembling.
George suddenly flings his case across the room and pounds his fist into a high-backed chair, turning away from Felicia.
He takes her into the next room and Lester watches the move with a mixture of relief and concern.
He's very confused.
Suddenly there's a rumble in the room and East has stopped chanting.
The move should be a little startling almost as if it were an attack.
She turns and shakes her finger at Pope.
Suddenly he sees a girl, at least half nude, her huge painted lavender tits flashing at him through the strobe lights.
Jill suddenly stops and looks at Pope.
As he does, a light begins to flood the room.
She looks at him, frightened but not moving.
Suddenly we are plunged into a room of chattering, clamoring people.
The thief scrambles to his feet and starts back toward his new-found enemy, brandishing a knife.
Both the stranger and Mottola brace themselves for an attack.
Mottola and the stranger exchange glances of relief as the thief flees out onto the street and disappears.
The Black Man nods gratefully, but there's still a trace of worry on his face.
Suddenly the little man with the knife appears out of a doorway about 15 yards behind him.
We follow him as he dashes headlong down the street, opening a big lead on the guy with the knife.
He jumps in, closes the door, and breathes a sigh of relief.
They walk on a few more feet, when suddenly a police car pulls up alongside them and two men jump out.
Bang.
As he begins to open it, Gordoff comes into the room, coatless, rumpled, unshaven and looking slightly tipsy.
Suddenly the stare goes soft.
The silence is suddenly broken by the noise of the train braking into the station.
Hooker breathes a sigh of relief.
It's 12:56 and Hooker is worried.
Suddenly, a voice.
Suddenly, what they've been waiting for arrives.
The wind blows drops of blood off Hooker's cheek as he runs.
Only a light scar on her left cheek hints at another side.
Lonnegan's car pulls up and stops across the street.
He grabs Lonnegan by the shoulders and shakes him.
Lonnegan shakes loose, grabs his coat and heads for the door.
Lonnegan storms across the street to his waiting car and drives off.
He pockets his change and starts out the door, when suddenly he stops short.
Cole, his cover blown, draws his gun and races across the street in pursuit.
Cole slams his gun into his shoulder holster with a curse, and starts back out of the alley, when all of a sudden he stops in utter terror.
We follow him across the street to Loretta's building and: He goes up the stairs to the room where the light came on.
As she comes closer, we move to reveal the gunman appearing suddenly in the alley behind and to the right of Hooker.
Lonnegan begins to shake him violently.
The place falls silent except for the loudspeaker, the members of the boost afraid to move.
The family still sound asleep, oblivious to the torch glow coming from outside, and suddenly -- The family bolts awake, moving to their feet as the door to their tukul SLAMS open -- THREE soldiers from the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA.)
There's a quiet anxiety to this homecoming.
-- bloodlust in his eyes -- leveling the MOSSBERG and -- Shotgun slugs ripping through the house like cannon shot -- SHAVED HEAD bolting through the smoke -- crashing through a door into -- -- SHAVED HEAD bombing in -- hitting the ground -- trying to get to his feet but it's too late because -- -- SAM kicks open the door behind him -- SHAVED HEAD going onto his back, trying to crab crawl away from him but there's nowhere to go -- Sam moving closer -- -- SHAVED HEAD working his way into a corner -- holding his hands in front of his face -- terrified, shaking -- Donnie coming into the room -- Sam KICKS him toward the closet -- SHAVED HEAD crawling to a small safe in a closet, spins the combo, opens it and pulls out six ounces of uncut cocaine.
He's going to blow this guys brains all over the floor...  His finger curls around the trigger, eyes becoming lethal...
The car PEELS OUT, accelerates, tail lights disappearing into the dark.
Lynn moving down the hall...  toward a sliver of light coming from under the closed bathroom door... gently pushing it open to see -- Sam standing at the sink...  covered in blood... frantically trying to clean himself up...  trying to wash the sin from his skin and clothes but it's useless... and the sense we get is that we're staring at a man at the edge of an abyss...  set to swallow him whole... terrified...  shaking... ...  and now he realizes Lynn is here and he turns to her... holding up his stained hands...  a terrible fear in his eyes when he says... Days later and we see Lynn and Paige, dressed up, sitting in the idling car, waiting.
It's late and we see Lynn sitting at the kitchen table alone.
Her worst fear realized.
Relapse.
Lynn in front of the TV, scared, watching an EMERGENCY WEATHER WARNING...  winds buffeting the trailer... Sam coming into the room from the back...  Sam opening the door, coming down the steps, looking up to the sky and it is fucking black, swirling, ominous.
THE WIND -- SLAMMING the trailer now -- Lynn and Paige -- terrified - - watching as Sam moves to the center of the room, points the barrel of the shotgun toward the floor and -- Blows four gaping holes in the floorboards, then starts to kick through the wood with his boot -- He kicks a hole in the planks, turns to Lynn and Paige -- Paige crawling through the opening...  into a shallow trench underneath the trailer... Lynn squeezing in behind her...  Sam staying outside... no room for him...  the trailer starting to buck VIOLENTLY in the tempest... thin walls contorting around him...  ... and Paige starts to cry -- terrified -- Sam laying down on the floor next to the opening, close enough so she can hear his voice...
And so this little game goes between father and daughter... Paige listening to his voice...  in the midst of this terrible storm... somehow becoming less terrified.
And suddenly there's COMMOTION!
Agnete, suddenly suspicious, takes an appraising look of Sam.
And now Deng turns to Sam... Deng staring at him, skeptical...  Sam has no response... and Deng lights his cigarette...  and suddenly we hear voices... through the open window...  children's voices... Sam peering into the darkness but seeing nothing...  only empty streets... and then one-by-one...  out of the darkness like apparitions... we see children coming up the street carrying bedrolls...  some of them singing spiritual hymns as they walk... laughing as children do...  at first just a dozen or so... and then more...  fifty... a hundred...  Deng steps onto the balcony next to Sam.
Sam, Deng, and a few other SPLA SOLDIERS jammed into the flatbed of this truck, carrying heavy weapons, bouncing fast over this open dirt road...  featureless savanna FADING into sporadic mud huts... the outskirts of a VILLAGE in the distance...  and thin columns of black smoke twisting into the air... ...  and as the truck gets closer to the village we begin to pass CHILDREN walking along the side of the road... night commuters returning to their village...  some of them huddled together, weeping... ...  and we notice -- Sam notices -- the little boy in the GREEN SHORTS, walking hand-in-hand with his sister, their faces quiet masks of fear as they move closer to their home.
A TENSE BEAT -- not sure how this is gonna go -- and then the CRACKHEAD shakes his head "no" Donnie in a bed, covers pulled up to his neck and he's shaking bad, retching in a bucket, deep in the throes of a detox.
Lynn nervous, checking her watch.
And he walks down the center aisle, shaking hands with a few people, climbing steps to the altar and switching on the microphone...  Sam turning to the crowd, clearing his throat, clearly nervous.
Deng and a few other soldiers sleeping on bedrolls.
Sam, split-second decision here -- and he starts to sprint across the compound to -- TERRIFIED SCREAMING!
-- the children cowering in the corners -- Betty and Rose here trying to calm them down -- Sam bursting through the door -- Betty nodding as Sam rushes out -- -- Sam bombing into this shed -- quickly opening a metal chest and pulling out an AK47 and mags of ammo -- -- Sam scrambling across the compound with the AK -- moves next to Deng and pops a mag into the machinegun -- And Sam starts to open up the AK -- laying down a curtain of suppression fire as Deng shouts to his men -- -- and they start to fall back to the center of the orphanage -- Betty and the other Camp woman herding the terrified children into this building -- the only brick structure on the compound -- and then Deng, Marco, A.J. and the other SPLA soldiers coming in -- moving to the window holes and returning fire -- Sam sweeping the AK back and forth, trying to hold off the rebels as long as he can -- and then -- More of the fence eviscerated by a grenade blast.
And suddenly we hear YELLING coming from outside.
And suddenly he grabs an AK and gets up, seething, walks off...  ... Sam walking fast through the compound...  Deng following... Sam reaching the SUV and starting to gear up...  FADE UP the plaintive wail of an Acholi WAR SONG... haunting...  ethereal... and then a chorus of voices rising up...  taking us to... Bombing down this rutted, red dirt road.
And he starts pulling out weapons... shotguns and assault rifles...  stuffing them into an oversize gun bag... Lynn reaching for him and he grabs her wrist...  tightly... staring at her with dark eyes.
A flash of the "old" Sam Childers here when he says...  And for the first time in years this woman is scared.
Garang turning to him, eyes suddenly becoming dark...  Donnie tucking Paige into bed, making it up as he goes, clearly out of his depth here but wanting to do it right.
And the kids SPRINTING for it, climbing all over the jungle gym like ants...  hitting the swing-sets... and then we hear it...  something we realize we haven't heard in this place before... the sound of laughter...  children losing themselves in play.
And Sam looks up to the sky...  feeling his life washing over him... his burden...  this fear.
Too scared to move.
-- but they don't move...  ... and finally they reach the kids and we see it's two boys (6 years old.), kneeling in the dirt, terrified...
Deng is the first one to reach the boys who are huddled on the ground, shaking from fear...
It's late at night and we see Sam on his cot, sitting here in the dark.
Sam and Deng moving to the back of the Transport Truck...  Marco hustling up with a spotlight -- Sam switching it on as Deng rips the canvas back and we see -- Boys and girls... none of them older than twelve...  tied together with rope... emaciated...  terrified... in very bad shape.
The implication of this hitting Sam, his mind reeling, turning to Nineteen...  Deng and Marco helping the children out...
And Sam spins -- gets in his face -- eyes dark and threatening -- Sam and Donnie toe-to-toe and the threat of serious violence here.
A bit frightening.
-- shoots his arm out and accidentally hits William in the chest -- knocking him backward onto the ground.
The driver becoming terrified, trying to jam the truck into reverse -- Agnete climbing out of the truck as we go -- Rebels jumping out of the pickup truck and moving up the bridge as Agnete approaches -- holding up her hands -- Agnete and the LRA LEADER meet in the middle of the bridge -- And suddenly the LRA LEADER slams her in the gut with the butt of his rifle and she collapses.
Everyone terrified -- some of them sobbing -- Agnete looking up, trying to talk to the LRA LEADER-- -- and he SLAMS her in the face with the butt of his rifle and she goes down hard...  and he rests the barrel of his rifle on the back of her head... he's going to shoot her -- and -- His chest EXPLODES!
A squad of LRA rebels coming through the scrub... William hiding under a bush, terrified...  the men coming closer... no idea if they saw him or not...  his mind racing... voices getting louder...  starting to hyper-ventilate from the fear -- and -- Sprinting through the bush -- running for his life -- rebels see him -- yelling for him to stop -- chasing him down -- shooting their rifles into the air and he hits the ground in the fetal position -- too terrified to continue -- eyes clamped shut as 4 or 5 rebels surround him -- guns pointed at his head -- caught.
Betty shaking her head "no", and we see the worry on Sam's face...  intuitively knows something is wrong.
And we see William in a bamboo cell in the center of camp...  and we see other children here... in various stages of fear and suffering...  some of them completely naked... shivering in the cool air...  others catatonic, probably doped up or too battered to move.
Still.
A STAMPEDE BEGINS - customers running scared - his quarry lost in the stampede, Burdon vaults over the table - Diggs pulls out what looks like a twin-barrel sawn-off and launches after him - Scheer stays seated, watching the hunt with remote curiosity-- H O F S T E T T E R C L A W S THROUGH THE STAMPEDE - spotting Burdon and the thunderbolt close behind - he drops out of the firing line - onto his knees - crawling, banged about - almost at the exit, almost-- T W I N BARRELS PRESS TO HIS HEAD - Diggs looks down - grinning, beckoning him upright - Hofstetter l o o k s up - bleak, defeated - A GIRL blunders into them - toppling over Hofstetter i n t o Diggs-- H O F S T E T T E R T A K E S HIS CHANCE TO RUN - now scrambling against the stampede - Diggs disentangles himself and levels his weapon - the stampede parting - throwing themselves to the ground as-- - B O O M - DIGGS FIRES - the scattershot hits Hofstetter a s he flees up some steps - peppering his leg - sparks off metal as Diggs keeps firing - his weapon now earned the name of a "rainmaker".
H O F S T E T T E R R E A C H E S A CATWALK - his leg dragging, numbing from t h e tranquilizer cores - the catwalk dead-ends - blind panic now - He ducks under the rail, reaching for the dome - finding a precarious handhold, he swings across - trying to climb -- D I G G S COMES UP BENEATH - looking up, grinning - the pathetic sight of Hofstetter - one leg useless - clinging to the dome like a fly trapped under glass - as Burdon goes to recover him - B u r d o n pulls out some handcuffs and stands waiting.
But the sense of danger is spurring him to gain distance.
Ester, vicarious to the danger, stays close to Lincoln's side, scurrying to keep up.
The sense of danger, turbulent, hard to read.
Ester, hugging close, nervous.
Her voice is haunted- She shrinks into the shadows, shaking her head.
The milling customers are suddenly parted by Diggs, bursting out through the doors.
The sense of danger, surging up like a geyser.
Ester sits waiting, anxious now, coughing persistently.
Before she can react, he forcefully pulls her upright, tapping his earpiece- Ester looks around in panic.
She's fighting for breath, wheezing     and coughing in deep rasps.
Ester suddenly starts sobbing.
Diggs exits with a dark glower.
An d suddenly stops in his tracks.
The snake shakes its rattle- Lincoln looks at the snake, flicking its tongue, coiling.
No sign of life, no sense of danger.
Tom looks at his agnate, fear welling, deadpan cracking- Lincoln presses the tip of the blade to his double's cheek.
Then suddenly- Lincoln looks at her, the anger interrupted, the knife still in place.
The dreading eyes, the trickle of blood down the face.
Both held in the dark tableau.
Ester looks at Lincoln, suddenly alarmed.
Ester is huddled asleep beside him.
Suddenly the skiff starts to slow again.
Ester is woken by the sudden inertia.
Then rushes up to the gateway, suddenly galvanized, squeezing through a gap.
The shaman's chanting suddenly stops.
A vehicle arcs from the fast lane onto the hard shoulder where the skiff sits abandoned.
Ester staggers a few more steps, then collapses to her knees, rasping for breath.
Eyes honing, he moves on into the kitchen.
The sense of danger.
His voice comes in a cold whisper- Lincoln emerges from the restroom, scanning for the danger's source.
Then hears a noise and rolls over.
W i t h painful effort, Lincoln starts crawling across the floor, eyes fixed on the shadow.
A HISS.
Now suddenly the guard jettisons the handgun, clutching his throat like it's on fire.
Then suddenly his body falls slack.
She shakes their hands as they climb into the whisper.
Then suddenly topples forward, pistol whipped from behind.
Then jolts from a spasm, clawing at his chest.
A noise from within.
A primal, guttural noise, building to a roar.
Then a moan.
He's at a loss.
He speaks into the dark a calm and measured summons.
The Old Man makes a low, threatening noise.
She holds the big knife at her side.
She holds out the knife.
Ronny drops his knife and fork and turns away.
They are on fire.
They both suck in air and look at each other in wonder and fear and passion.
The Dogs attack the food and each other.
She hangs up.
Loretta goes through a door and into the kitchen.
The fountain is quiet and dark now.
He's at a loss.
But she stops herself.
He walks away down the dark street, silently disappearing into the gloom.
Loretta has stopped suddenly, transfixed by the sight before her.
Perry, shivering, looks after.
Suddenly, Mr. Johnny appears out of the shifting crowd, up very CLOSE to the CAMERA.
He is a specter.
Then he disappears.
She is a wreck.
She abandons the can and enters the house.
Loretta is suddenly electrified.
A tremendous silence falls.
But who appears at the kitchen door is not Johnny.
He is in a dark, vested suit.
Suddenly another AMERICAN GI appears behind the German in the shadows.
Kelly comes down the front steps and starts across the parking lot to his Jeep.
He's suddenly nervous.
Then he winces.
Bridget looks a little scared.
Bridget, standing in the doorway, covers her mouth in horror.
Nervous.
Then he shakes it off.
Kelly runs his hand along his pants in a nervous gesture.
Kelly looks scared.
The blood rises to Kelly's face.
For the fear and the misplaced rage, the fights and the stubbornness.
Kelly rides his bike past the house and stops when he sees the car packed up in front.
Tommy nails him with a front kick to the chest.
Grimes staggers back and shakes it off.
Obviously bull strong and with tremendous punching skills, Brendan sits on his opponent's chest and starts raining down shots, banging and banging, pulverizing his face and body.
A winded Brendan walks to his corner, touches the side of his head, wipes a small amount of blood on his shorts, and climbs out of the ring, where a PROMOTER approaches.
It's dark, except for the moonlight glowing through the window.
An exhausted Brendan takes off his shirt and begins washing his badly SWOLLEN FACE.
More of a shack than a house.
Stop.
The official pokes his head into the locker room where Frank and a nervous Brendan sit alone.
He grabs the nervous Brendan's head between his hands.
He's a nervous wreck.
They look worried.
Paddy's shaken.
Suddenly the adjoining door swings open.
Finally, the creepy music subsides, and the great Russian climbs into the cage.
The Russian looks at Brendan with the cold, dispassionate eyes of a killer.
They're aghast.
The Russian SQUEEZES away.
Brendan snaps Koba's head back with a left, but the Russian responds with a combination.
The Russian is momentarily STUNNED, long enough for Brendan to take him to the ground and wrap his arms around Koba's KNEE.
The Russian tries to squirm away, but he can't.
A nervous Paddy sits in the back of the cab as the DRIVER navigates through holiday traffic.
Dislocated.
Brendan, worried he hurt his brother, leans over to see if Tommy's alright, but Tommy, like a wounded animal, leaps up and grabs Brendan around the throat with his one good arm.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Clunk.
Suddenly the door opens and Gerald comes in.
It stops.
Thorpe's nervous voice floats out.
Blood spurts everywhere.
The driver panics.
Thorpe jumps up, terrified.
Suddenly Carter punches him hard in the stomach.
Thorpe looks at him, terrified.
CLIFF BRUMBY has been to a police ball.
As she approaches the house, people pour out.
A moment later Brumby storms into the room.
It stops.
A car approaches and stops.
Doreen bites her nails and looks terrified.
The girl is numb with fear, unable to answer.
The girl is frozen with terror.
He falls to his knees.
Blood seeps from his chest.
Con and Eric panic.
The noise of the wild party is heard off.
Darkness.
The police move through the house and grounds.
The house is surrounded by police measuring and photographing, and outside the house are police cars and ambulances.
Eric looks round and panics.
It's deserted.
Suddenly, he retches, but nothing comes up.
He's dead.
A beat.
Beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Henry touches his swollen eye.
It stings.
The inmates look slightly scared.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Starts to POUND on them.
Dead serious : A taped paper sign on the door reads `LOPHAKIN please knock'.
Henry shakes his head no.
They look out at the flood-lit NIAGARA FALLS.
Beat.
Beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Max spreads a blanket on the floor to catch the falling rubble and holds another against the wall to muffle the sound.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Eddie starts to freak out.
They suddenly have the manner of executioners...
It's horrific.
The valet throws open velvet drapes, sunlight FLOODS the room revealing a figure sleeping soundly in a massive oak framed bed.
A beat.
She forces back panic.
A beat.
Dr. Kau stares at Kate in concerned silence.
He takes a DEEP FRIGHTENED BREATH and slowly deflates.
Leopold jumps back several feet, hands flailing in front of him as if shooing away a bee.
She looks up and stops suddenly.
Suddenly: The pigeons take flight.
He makes it across shaking and dazed.
Powerless.
Leopold looks worried.
Stops.
Kate and Charlie exchange a worried look.
She turns and collides head on with Leopold.
A beat.
She sits at her desk surrounded by the doctors.
The other he holds against his chest, showing off the ring.
She pales.
The wreck of the working fisherman's boat "ORCA," formerly under the command of the late Captain Quint, deceased these four years.
A dark red mist eddies by.
A sudden eruption in the water nearby startles them -- it's Andrews, surfacing, holding up the underwater flash camera.
Suddenly she's gone, a swirl of pink froth marking the water where she went under.
It goes taut with a sudden strain.
Ed and Tina appear over the crest of a dune, and the frame explodes in a flurry of seagulls, suddenly disturbed.
reacting.
A few more boats are beached and riding at anchor just off the shore, including the Amity police boat.
Suddenly, the mass of wreckage breaks apart, and something lunges out of the mess and into Brody.
Brody is suddenly pinned under a soggy charred horror; the gory remains of Diane, burnt beyond recognition,: flesh peeled away, discolored, charred, ruined by days in salt water.
His body suddenly tenses.
But looking past him, we can see it with the unaided eye: a seething dark mass, moving through the water towards the unprotected bathers.
reacting.
Looking up, startled at Brody's sudden panic.
He fires.
Real panic now.
Not too steady on his feet, Brody climbs out of the car and starts for the door to his house.
Below him, murk, depth, and suddenly, a big lunker bass.
Follow Andrews as he twists and turns after the bass, going deeper, losing him in the rocks, suddenly rounding a boulder, and meeting, almost face-to-face, horror: The Great White Shark, taking the striper in a single gulp, it's looking up at Andrews with one glassy doll's eye; it turns to face him directly, and we see the scar; ugly, red and black, charred flesh from jaw back on the right side, eyes and teeth gleaming like raw bone in the massive, uncaring face.
Andrews' mouth clamps violently on his mouthpiece, then goes wide as he screams in fear into the water.
Eyes closed, hose dangling, Andrews hurtles upward, holding his breath in a final, fatal panic, passing a startled Crosby.
Then, impossibly fast, the entire Sandpiper is lifted from underneath by a powerful surge, as the Shark lunges up against it from below, an unseen horror.
as he breaks the surface, shaking the hair out of his eyes, trying to orient himself, finding the boat.
Tina is staring down at the water, terror-stricken; Ed's arms and head are f.g., as he locks onto the boat with desperate hands.
Andrews is shaking, bloody froth on his lips and chest.
It approaches the sailboats, losing altitude fast, rotor blades chuffing up a storm.
Hendricks has gotten a blanket, and he steps over, putting it over the shivering girl's shoulders.
It shakes, then blows up as big teeth grip it from below.
The Pilot reacts as; attacks one of the pontoons, biting down on it, clamping great scarred jaws onto the bulbous floats.
The Kids watch, horror-stricken, as the giant Shark hangs on the roaring copter; in the b.g., Cable Junction is looming closer.
reacting, ducking in terror.
Screams.
Screaming.
The others shoot fearful glances at the waters.
Sean is ignoring the efforts to rescue him, paralyzed by fear, he shivers alone.
Larry is lashing his big buck knife to a pole, an improvised weapon.
climbs back onto the boat, starts the winch engine, trying to pull the cable free.
the Kids react to this fresh attack.
dangling his feet in the water, holding onto the cable, seeing it, inspired with a lunatic idea...  turns, bleeding from a superficial cut on its snout, its scar glistening wet and terrible.
with the Kids clinging like drowned rats to the rocks; they're wet, scared, exhausted, but safe.
Then suddenly WE HEAR STATIC from RADIO TRANSMISSION.
A light flares out of the darkness, suddenly illuminating an IMMENSE SHAPE--fifteen hundred pounds of hardened metal nearly seven feet tall.
Suddenly he freezes in his tracks and slowly rotates his helmet--on his shoulder in the glare of his helmet beam WE SEE the a hideous looking SEA SPIDER.
Suddenly a red warning light begins blinking in the bottom corner inside DeJesus' helmet.
His voice becomes edged with panic.
ON BECK  sweating bullets, turns a dial on the instruments and suddenly, DeJesus' gauges jump to life.
CLOSE ON HIS EYES, for a moment they remain closed, then suddenly they flutter.
Just as suddenly as it began the GROANING NOISE STOPS and in its place WE HEAR an intermittent RATTLE in the air system.
Sixpack pauses and smirks, his eyes on Bowman's chest.
Suddenly, the computer pauses on one:  It says:  Electrical Short.
The walls are dark and moist.
The monotonous clatter of the air system is the only sound in the gloomy SWAMP as the huge suit labeled SIXPACK stops directly in front of Willie.
SUDDENLY THE HIDEOUS SEA SPIDER SPRINGS OUT onto the workbench where it wriggles grotesquely toward Willie.
She presses the intercom button and lifts the skewered sea spider out of the water.
The SEA SPIDER is suddenly right there on his shoulder, dead.
Sixpack storms into the Mess with the dead Sea Spider.
SCREECH!
She turns in the other direction and suddenly blinding lights are turned on.
WILLIE'S VOICE silences them.
CLOSE ON THE MONITOR:  The picture zooms in on the corner and Willie's added light suddenly brings the letter "M" into focus.
We see a thin, bearded man in his late fifties, a RUSSIAN SHIP'S CAPTAIN talking to the camera in Russian.
Suddenly, the captain hears a noise off-screen and goes to the camera and turns it off.
We pull back to see that DeJesus is alone in Beck's darkened quarters, he talks to the P.A.  Suddenly we hear BOWMAN'S VOICE over the intercom.
Suddenly the door to the Control room opens and Beck walks out.
Cobb suddenly starts to sweat bullets.
Suddenly WHAM!
Suddenly there is a GREAT GROANING NOISE.
The dark shapes of the machines move monstrously in the dim light.
SCREECH!
CLOSE ON Sixpack's eye.
WHAT HE SEES:  SIXPACK'S TORSO  There are strange black areas, each of them an inch in diameter.
He is shivering violently and scared.
He is suddenly needed and it has touched something in him and we see him rising to the challenge.
There is awe on his face for the first time since first year medical studies--and there is fear of the unknown.
Most dramatically the sores on the sides of his neck have become flared and elongated.
Beck enters dazed from the sick room and their eyes meet.
Bowman suddenly becomes pale.
As we move along the skin, it seems every moment as if the next instant will reveal a dread blemish...  DeJesus, naked, with his back to us.
Sixpack's foot moves slightly under the sheet as if shifting in his sleep.
She rinses her face in the sink and pulls back her hair, suddenly she stops and brings her hands in front of her face.
Bowman approaches the body of Sixpack.
Jones moves behind him and his eyes suddenly widen.
Suddenly a WHINING NOISE sounds behind them.
Suddenly he sees it.
Suddenly a voice startles him.
She bends over to catch her breath then straightens suddenly.
WE are watching her from above.
Suddenly he stops.
Then suddenly an UNGODLY SCREAM echoes in the corridor.
As Cobb's arm comes up we suddenly notice a slight movement under his shirt.
A scaly tentacle suddenly whips across the floor.
poised to kill when suddenly both men hear the same thing.
AS THE CREATURE starts to turn for Willie, Beck suddenly closes the vault-like door to the swamp on Creature's hand, trapping it vise-like in the door.
A NOISE overhead in the water conduit causes her to look up WHEN SUDDENLY A BLACK ARM DOORWAY TO THE MACHINE FLOOR----IT IS JONES!
Jones sits near the vent sound asleep, his weapon across his stomach.
"FILE Suddenly he hears a voice behind him.
ON WILLIE  as her name comes up she shivers.
Suddenly, Beck listens, the room is deathly silent.
Suddenly a KLAXON HORN sounds hysterically.
He wasn't a big fan of the bilge even before the Creature, now he's scared shitless.
They start toward the noise.
Suddenly his eyes widen.
He turns back to the Swamp when a BLACK SCALY ARM SUDDENLY His head held in place by the powerful arm, Beck looks almost directly into the dark eyes of the Creature.
It is jammed by the pressure.
DeJesus' eyes suddenly blink.
Suddenly he is bumped by a shark.
He CLICKS the fastener and suddenly they both lock eyes.
The Winch operator and Willie watch in horror as the Creature bears down on Beck.
Beck rises suddenly out of the water, the Creature growing instantly smaller below him until BOOM! the Seismic device explodes in the Sixpack/Bowman Creature, blowing it to bits across the ocean surface!
Tim is really starting to panic.
Tim has a nervous energy.
He's sweaty, anxious.
They shake hands.
As he approaches the car, he stops.
Suddenly, the door opens.
Tim turns back and smiles, frightened.
A beat.
Tim shakes it.
Tim reddens, once again going into panic mode.
He's scared shitless.
He hangs up.
The contestants wait in a field, shivering.
An acne-scarred WAITER, 21, approaches with a tray.
A beat.
He slams it.
Gulp.
She hangs up.
Joan shakes him off.
A beat.
He looks frightened.
Bree looks legitimately worried for Tim.
The minivan speeds through the dark, rainy night.
Dean and Ronald watch, worried.
Joan, Dean and Ronald exchange worried looks.
Then, suddenly . . . the lights begin to fade in and out.
Suddenly, an ALBINO BAT (BARTOK.) with huge eyes, springs out of the funnel, screeching and swooping over the crowd, causing everyone to duck and cover their heads in fear.
Eerie moaning noises come from the reliquary.
PEOPLE back awayin terror.
Still holding her Music Box, Anastasia's shaking hands are the only thing that gives away her fear.
More shots.
Tatiana and Anastasia climb out of the car and race for the train, fighting their way through the frenzied and frightened crowd.
The door suddenly SLAMS open and GREGOR, 8, and clearly terrified, comes running in followed by COMRADE PHLEGMENKOF - a huge woman carrying a switch.
Suddenly, Phlegmenkof SNIFFS the air.
But as Anya turns away from her audience, we see her facade fade and realize her terror of the future.
Suddenly, Anya pounced toward the pack, growling louder.
Anya rides down the street.
He slumps against it, panting, his little paw-to chest.
Peasant 6 is immediately carted off by TWO ARMED GUARDS for his blasphamy against the state.
Anya stops suddenly.
Anya is running up the stairs as Dmitri walks out and they COLLIDE:  her forehead banging Dmitri literally under his nose.
Dark and eerie.
Anya spins toward Dmitri, surprised and frightened.
The city lights fade and we move into the blackness of the Russian forest.
The city lights fade and we move into the blackness of the Russian forest.
A frightened Bartok, stays on the window sill.
Bartok covers his eyes in fear.
Rasputin pulls out a set of RUSSIAN DOLLS (a small painted.
Rasputin will have a DARK, MENACING, DELICIOUSLY SCARY NUMBER in whIch he SINGS of his obsession with killing the Romanovs once and for all.
heavier and larger bottomed than ten years earlier, speaks quickly - without ev er breathing, in a high pitched nervous chitter.
Vladimir looks at Dmitri's anxious face.
GUARD approaches Vlad and Dmitri.
The Minions now scream and reel back in horror.
Suddenly, Meetoo appears, as if he were flying and lots out a little "retu".
Suddenly, Dmitri gets up from underneath her, covered in snow.
Bartok, nervous, fakes a yawn and stretches.
Anya, not hurt, turns to Dmitri - who is rubbing his now sore shoulder.
The storm is pitching the boat wildly.
Anya is frozen with fear as MORE BEARS emerge and head straight for her.
Suddenly, the BRANCH JOLTS her and almost falling, she hold HER - no longer a tree branch, but A HUGE UGLY SNAKE with red eyes and huge fangs that come right for her! Anya leaps to another branch, which also turns into a snake.
Confused at first, then terrified to see what almost happened to her. isn't lifts her to the other side of the railing and looks at her. Anya puts her hands to her mouth in shock, shaking and almost crying with fear, she throws her arms around Dmitri and holds him tightly.
Dmitri hands Vlad a pile of FRANCS as Anya approaches.
Anya is nervous as Vladimir walks up to the front door ahead of Dmitri and Anya.
Anya, looking nervous but poised, sits across while Dmitri and Vladimir hover nervously at the far end of the room.
Dmitri and Vladimir exchange a nervous look.
Her butt knocks over a vase, which Vladimir deftly catches.
Vladimir, who's been watching, has a warning.
Anya gives Dmitri a very nervous look and takes the glasses, aiming them toward Tatiana.
His eyes glow like embers in the dark.
Suddenly, Meetoo leaps up from the bed, barking.
Bartok falls off his shoulder and on to the table, knocking into the reliquary - which is about to fall.
She embraces Anya, who is still terrified and knows that she saw what she saw.
As they discuss this, Anya wanders away from them, the crown still slightly askew on her head.
Dmitri backs away, terrified as the ladder dissolves and smoke fills the room.
Anastasia fidgets nervously, looking for the key around her neck, then remembering it isn't there anymore, as a MAJOR RUSSIAN DOMO addresses her and Tatiana.
She stops.
Dmitri approaches her slowly, zombie-like, arms outstretched.
His eyes glazed and frightening.
WE HEAR a howl from above and suddenly Rasputin jumps down.
Anya is terrified - but holds her ground as she did when she was a child.
The blow does little but enrage Rasputin.
Rasputin realizes what has happened and scrambles away in terror.
They grow and swirl, with hideous MOANING noises.
She clutches her briefcase to her chest, trying to cover her blood-smeared lapel.
Suddenly, the parents are face-to-face, Letty standing between them.
Silence falls in the room with a thump.
More and more frantic.
She stops.
She starts to sweat.
She screams.
Letty's vision is filled suddenly by Michael's concerned face peering into hers.
Letty shakes her head "no."
Letty sinks back on her pillows, the wind knocked out of her.
Letty eyes the doctor.
He lights one for himself and begins blowing smoke rings.
Letty bites him lightly on the shoulder.
With haphazard abandon, she begins to disrobe, first her blouse, then her skirt.
The group looks on in horror, mesmerized by her behavior.
It's a war.
Ruth turns and flees.
Horror flashes across her face.
Letty shakes her head "no."
Letty shakes her head "no" as tears stream down her face.
They've disappeared again.
Are you ill?
When you're with Mary Poppins, suddenly you're in places you've never dreamed of.
Guard: They're off!
Admiral Boom: Shake things up a bit, what?
Mr. Banks: I'm afraid there is.
Jane: Oh, Bert, we're so frightened.
Admiral Boom: We're being attacked by Hottentots!
Panic ensued within these walls.
Panicked, Chief drops his pick-axe and stumbles back.
CRASH!
CRASH!
SMASH!
The blood on her face and chest tells them what happened.
The horror hits home.
Heroine nails Adulterer with THREE HITS to the chin, throat and chest, flipping him to the floor.
Heroine removes the knife from his neck and plants it back into her buckle.
The bar gasps in horror as his blood sprays.
Heroine, tense, quells the rising panic.
More shots.
He is BOTTOMLESS.
CRASH!
He YELPS.
The elevator SHAKES.
CRASH!
CRASH!
It's screaming.
Suddenly, the top is knocked off.
His eyes widen, face to face with Tuffy.
Tuffy pulls out her arm from his throat.
Tuffy shakes her wet arm dry.
She creeps out alone.
Heroine drops the lighter onto the fuel.
The car pulls up to the house.
They spin to the noise.
Suddenly, the sunlight starts to FADE.
Heroine looks from left to right, panic stricken.
The door shuts on Heroine's concerned face.
He feels her watching him.
She watches him.
He heads to the parking lot, arrives at the car.
They drive in silence.
Suddenly he gets it.
Joel is panicked.
Stan suddenly perks up.
The room is dark.
He hangs up.
Suddenly she freezes at the window.
She's watching him.
He grabs her arm and yanks and they are in: It's dark.
Mary shivers in the cold, hugs herself.
Mary shakes her head "no."
Mary enters the dark room, frazzled.
Joel is nervous.
She walks to the next house, tries the door.
It, too, is decaying.
It grows dark.
Mary shakes her head "no."
He's nervous.
He hangs up.
She's a wreck.
She hangs up and Joel stands there for a minute feeling creepy, then he dials the number on a piece of paper.
Joel is paralyzed.
She shakes her hear.
He studies a pamphlet in his hand: "AIRCRASH SURVIVAL: HOW TO COPE".
They shake hands.
A beat.
Arthur is on the verge of panic.
They approach a DOOR, at the end of the catwalk.
ON NORMAN -- his face, bright, FRIGHTENED as he HEARS: STILL ON NORMAN -- frightened...  ANGLE ON our six team members' BOOTS, in the distance.
Staring in horror...  Barnes, phone to his ear... Barnes turns...  ON HIS MONITOR -- Harry, in jumpsuit and helmet, stands in front of the Barnes quickly puts on his headset mic... Edmunds, Norman, Beth, Ted staring at the monitor...  Through the speakers... ON THE MONITOR -- Harry, before the SPHERE...
Frightened.
SCREAMING.
Walking toward her...  Beth, nervous...
She looks up at Norman, frightened, nervous...  Norman hesitates, goes to her, tries to hold her, but she pushes him away.
Ted, nervous, anxious -- with five or six printouts in his hand -- has Norman's ear in front of the sink...  Ted hands him a printout... ON NORMAN -- Ted's lost it.
Startles him.
Still.
It suddenly SLIDES down the table.
BANG!
THE PRESSURE GAGE -- the needle RISING...  ON THE HEADSET -- in the air, dangling from it's cord.
BANG!
THE PRESSURE GAUGE -- rising, higher, higher.
BANG!
She hears...
NORMAN -- watches in horror as he watches TED, lit in flame, burning to death.
The DARK WATER.
His HELMET BANGS into the glass, WE SEE his look of terror.
Can he risk it?
Then, cautiously slips down into the water...  CLOSE ON HIS FACE -- terrified.
The DARK WATER.
Scared to death.
THE SNAKE'S HEAD comes at Norman, as he falls to the ocean bottom.
THE SNAKE, HISSING, coming at him.
Norman, panicking, opens each of the cupboards, all of them with All of the books are the same.
He stands there, bewildered, scared, mind racing.
Stops.
Beth, nervous, tries to cover...
Norman comes in...  Suddenly, BANG!
The room shakes.
BANGING.
BANGING.
The room goes dark.
Waiting in the dark.
NORMAN watches with horror in the mirror in front of him as the SNAKE slithers up to his groin, and across the inside of his shirt.
NORMAN, standing still, watches as more SNAKES crawl up his sides, slithering around his arms, his shoulders, his neck, under his chin, over his face.
Shakes them off.
A beat.
Norman stares up at her, frightened.
She lunges at him with the needle, missing.
Norman falls to his knees.
PANTING.
He stops.
He clasps his hand to his CHEST, it's burning.
GASPING.
He HEAVES his chest over the METAL RIM.
Norman crawls toward the suit, his body shaking violently.
The two scars.
ON NORMAN -- sleeping.
The sultry wind, its gustiness slightly increased, blows through her fine dark hair.
His jaw droops with the slackness of fear.
The cars slip past until, quite suddenly, the Streamliner is gone.
He slows down, suddenly, awkwardly, to a self-conscious walk.
Beyond the rocks is what remains of a burned-out ranch house, and an abandoned well.
He becomes aware suddenly of a NOISE, a trickling, an unmistakable tinkle as of running water.
Dark and shadowy.
He looks at Macreedy, eyes glazed with anxiety...  Hastings again refills his glass, slopping the liquid over on the counter.
With the same motion, he brings the heel of his hand hard against and slightly under the tip of Coley's nose.
Macreedy walks slowly toward him, holding the knife.
The sudden silence turns the eyes of the men toward Hector and the one- arm bandit.
Pete squirms under Macreedy's relentless attack.
His eyes glaze with fear, and his jaw tightens with tension.
He is scared to death.
Hector is six feet away, and armed -- too far away for Doc to risk an attack with his lead pipe.
Doc stands there, paralyzed by his action.
The girl is frightened by the menace in Smith's voice.
Smith looks at Macreedy through eyes bleary with fear and pain and shock.
He collapses.
For a moment Macreedy eyes him in silence.
He sits up, feet on the floor, shoulders hunched, clears his throat, bangs on his chest.
They both GASP.
Marin stands back, freaked out, afraid to get near him.
His eyes WIDEN IN HORROR, he reels back.
Erica pounds on his chest, we HEAR THE BLARE OF A As the DOORS to SOUTHAMPTON HOSPITAL FLY OPEN.
Lowell's shoulders shake as he sobs.
His natural expression is -- worried.
Watching her.
Stunned.
Her scrapbook open against his chest.
Erica feeling suddenly frumpy, fixes her hair.
She shakes her head, 'no' ... shuts her eyes.
Erica straddles him and whips the blood pressure cuff on his arm and pumps it hard.
She's sweaty, flushed, overwhelmed...  CAMERA TWIRLS AROUND and we FIND HARRY, sprawled nearby, catching his breath, satisfied, stunned, scared.
Julian, suddenly riveted to these words.
wakes up.
It's too dangerous.
Erica freezes, horrified.
Richard moves like quicksilver, shutting the door and positioning himself behind the terrified Kate.
Jacob shakes his head "no."
The two scared siblings hold hands.
His eyes go to her neck.
Richard grabs the terrified Kate and drags her in the bathroom, Scott does.
Kate's eyes are wide with fear.
A stern BORDER GUARD approaches JACOB'S window.
It's scared.
Kate, nervous, takes a step back.
The Fullers' recreational vehicle pulls into the parking lot and stops.
They look across the parking lot at the Titty Twister.
Scott shakes his head no.
Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared.
The patrons are scared, but the waitresses, whores and dancers lick their lips.
Looks up and watches, eyes wide with fear, Santanico's transformation.
Suddenly, the eyes of Big Emilio, Razor Charlie and Chet Pussy pop open.
Seth stands where his was, limp dick of a .45 in his hand, too freaked, scared and stunned to do anything.
Seth, moving backwards, is terrified.
He tries to move, but the pressure of her foot is equivalent to an engine block placed on his chest.
Santanico is HIT in the CHEST.
Just when Big Emilio's ready to strike, he hears behind him, Big Emilio turns and sees Sex Machine across the room.
Both Seth and Jacob ATTACK Big Emilio from behind.
The two huge men COLLIDE.
A SIZZLING sound is heard moving down from his throat to his belly.
Everyone's scared shitless and nobody has the slightest idea what to do next.
The body SPRINGS UP and bites Sex Machine on the arm.
A lot of the bats have transformed into bat/devil/human creatures.
Waiting for them are Scott and Kate holding Uzi squirt guns and water balloons draped down their chests on a belt like grenades.
The Sex Machine-thing falls back with the jackhammer sticking out of his chest, dead.
He drops the .45.
A moment of stillness before the attack.
Approaching vampires burn.
The vamps look towards it in horror.
They run and fly around the bar in a panic.
Seth and Kate run through the building and leap through the door into the parking lot.
Little Evey is asleep in her bedroom.
She is carried through the dark house which is filled with soldiers.
Suddenly, they are no longer alone.
A gun is cocked but before the hammer falls, a knife is buried in the Fingerman's chest and -- Before the body falls, the knife is gone.
She stops suddenly and looks at him.
Prothero is terrified.
Anger galvanizes his fear and steadily Prothero lifts the needle towards his neck.
He jams the needle in and sinks the plunger.
Suddenly, his body convulses and blood pours out his ears.
She jumps, V suddenly appearing behind her.
A shadow begins moving across the manicured grounds borne on the thick mist like a dark phantom.
V glides toward the rectory, cloak undulating against the dark, wet wind.
The guards look out into the night, fear suddenly gripping their faces.
Close as the two guards claw for their arms and the white hot flash of V's knives -- That slice like talons.
Instantly, the point of one of V's knives is against the Bishop's throat.
Evey looks down at the knives on his belt, dripping blood.
The moans are stifled and low, however, as if they were afraid someone was listening.
He tries to dial out the background and suddenly the voices rise clearly above the din.
He glares at her.
He stops it.
Delia, riveted to the rose, suddenly looks up to him.
V rises, lifting the rose and moving into the darkness of the Shadow Gallery.
The huddled figure arcs across the street in the shadows, avoiding the pools of streetlight.
It is Evey, a frightened look on her face.
Dr. Surridge sits somberly in the dark, street light filtering in from the open curtains.
Suddenly, an eye pops open as she awakens, catching a familiar scent.
V floats on the edge of the room's shadows, a dark angel.
Derek's eyes widen in horror as his life pours out the knife wound.
Dr. Surridge moves down the drab aseptic hallway accompanied by an armed guard.
She moves through another door, the wind suddenly knocked from her chest as she finally sees where her prison was built -- V steps from the shadows.
A look of horror twists her starved face.
Finch gets out of a police car and looks up the black face of the modern building.
A dark November sky hangs like a shroud over the building.
A police car is parked in a dark alley.
At her feet, we hear a suckling noise that suddenly stops.
That sends a shiver through Helen's body.
Suddenly, he stops.
A hanging light suddenly sizzles to life.
Finch is suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling that is common to chess players.
He looks down at the hilt of the knife protruding from his stomach.
Evey is suddenly nervous.
Suddenly the lights go out.
Again, quicksilver knives lash out, drawing fonts of blood.
Finch can feel the panic that is spreading through the tunnel.
The Leader screams to be heard over the resonant voice of V. Everywhere, terrified soldiers listen to the voice.
Groups of solders drop their weapons and disappear into the shadows.
A knife sings through the air and buries itself in the Captain's chest.
"You" echoes down the dark empty throat of the tunnel.
V drives the knife into his heart, killing him instantly.
She steps into the room, her sole and heel sinking into the plush carpet soaked with blood.
The look in his eyes frightens her.
He crawls up her body still clutching the bloody knife.
The knife falls.
Evey sets a final violet carson on the chest of V.
Thru the glass door we see Preysing approaching from desk.
At that moment Grusinskaya's door opens suddenly and Suzette comes out into the hall.
There is a sense of silence, except for distant music coming from the Yellow Room below.
Grusinskaya's eyes open suddenly.
Like a soldier called to attention Grusinskaya sits suddenly upright -- While she is speaking Grusinskaya rises -- with the grace of a dancer she picks up the Chinese robe that has fallen to the floor and although there is only one other woman in the room -- she holds the robe around her.
Now Grusinskaya draws her hands suddenly away.
There is a sudden knocking at the door.
The door opens suddenly.
He drops her hand suddenly.
Preysing paces the room trying to get his thoughts back to the work in hand.
There is a sudden knock at the door.
He is moving back to window when telephone starts to ring suddenly.
Suddenly, out of scene, we hear the voice of Suzette.
Suzette, with a frightened look through the door, closes it on Meierheim's exit.
Watching her.
Her head goes down suddenly in her hands and we hear her say: Suddenly she moves quickly across the room.
The Baron takes her wrist suddenly.
She is trembling.
He senses his danger.
There is in the room an intoxicating sense of romance and danger.
She gets up suddenly.
He watches her.
Suddenly he stoops, takes her shoulder in his hands and kisses it.
Suddenly his whole being is aware of her.
Outside the distant noise of Kringelein and the doctor.
approaching the CAMERA with the Doctor.
But the Doctor has gone.
He looks up suddenly, hearing the voice.
Door opens suddenly.
She is suddenly cold.
There is a sudden knock at the door.
Suzette is putting out a dark dress.
As he does so we hear the noise from the conference room.
Preysing commences to laugh suddenly with increasing violence.
When he picks the telephone up his hands are shaking -- -- which shakes more.
The Baron looks at him suddenly.
The doctor goes to restrain him.
He is suddenly on his hands and knees, crawling along the floor, looking for it, like a little boy; his drunkenness, his condition, makes the situation tragic.
She starts at the noise.
The thin stream of light is filled suddenly, the door of the adjoining room opens and back-lighted from the other room the huge form of Preysing appears.
He starts suddenly because he sees a shadow over the railing of his own balcony.
Suddenly a motor horn in the street below sounds strident, it is the first time we have been conscious of it.
She shakes him.
Doctor comes up to desk.. Series of shots of various streets and buildings in the town of Bedford Falls, somewhere in New York State.
She draws back quickly and looks down, terrified at what she has said.
He stops.
Suddenly he runs up the stairs.
He looks tired and worried.
The boy is whimpering, hurt, frightened.
Suddenly, in action, as George stands with his arms outstretched in illustration, the picture freezes and becomes a still.
He stops suddenly as he sees Mary, staring at her.
He is worried about the outcome of the meeting.
Dr. Campbell and George shake hands.
Panic is in the air.
In their hearts there is panic and fear.
There is panic in their faces.
The Martinis cross themselves, shaking hands all around.
Mary is asleep in the bed.
They shake hands.
He starts thumping his pockets, with increasing panic, and looks in the waste paper basket on the floor.
He hears a noise, and sees Uncle Billy entering the office.
George paces about the kitchen, worried.
He shakes it off.
The room has suddenly become ominously quiet, the only SOUND being George's labored breathing.
There is silence in the room.
George's car comes along the empty street, through the falling snow, suddenly swerves and crashes into a tree near the sidewalk of a house.
George stands unsteadily near the car, shaken by the accident.
It falls below his knees.
He shakes the book.
The tollkeeper becomes increasingly nervous.
As Clarence speaks this line, the snow stops falling outside the building, a strong wind springs up which blows open the door to the shack.
Ernie turns to driving, but he's worried about his passenger.
Suddenly Clarence disappears from under Bert's hands.
Again George stops to stare with frightened eyes at: Upon it is engraved a name, Harry Bailey.
George stands there overcome and speechless as he holds Zuzu.
There is blood on the wall.
Truman approaches the GUARD DESK.
They crack up.
A fat, shivering CO-ED reads the headline in the Kansas City Star: "Police Fear Lynch Mob."
Perry seems terrified of the crowd, all the faces, like a child.
His eyes fall on Truman.
Her SON (3.) stands next to her legs, wearing a little cowboy hat and cradling a TOY GUN to his chest.
At the car, he looks back at the dark jailhouse.
Beat.
He's shocked.
In the background, we can HEAR the noise of the huge crowd gathering in the theater.
Mrs. Murchak looks like a female Perry, dark and small, attractive and nervous.
Truman asleep.
Truman asleep.
Beat.
Beat.
Suddenly, Rene Ricard enters - a one-man parade.
Rain forces his blinking eyes open.
He shoots.
He shoots again.
He shoots again.
The ball goes in.
He buzzes.
She shakes his arm.
She shakes him harder.
She shakes him until his eyes unglue.
Suddenly, he stops cold.
They shake hands.
Beat.
Beat.
Gina's asleep.
She stops him.
Suddenly, directly in front of him are the Krugers.
As he nears the door, he feels his arm pulled.
Suddenly, there's a shrill, familiar voice.
Beat.
Jean shakes his head `no,' sorry that he didn't.
He has a couple sores on his face.
They're horrified.
The janitor gets nervous.
The doorman, like most security guards, does not look capable of handling a serious crisis.
They shake hands.
She manages a nervous smile.
He is suddenly hit by another twinge of pain.
Light floods the room as Janine enters.
After he has passed a few doors he approaches one which is slightly ajar.
When he looks her in the eye, she eases out slightly from behind the door to reveal that half her face has been horribly burned by the laundry-room parasite, the eye melted shut, the nostril drooping.
The sound of water suddenly rushing out of the drain in volume rouses Betts out of her reverie.
She tries to shake the thing off.
Mrs. Spergazzi moans in pain and terror.
Forsythe gets a little nervous.
Forsythe, terrified and gasping for breath, plunges the long, curved prongs of the carving fork into Kresimir's shoulder.
Her mouth begins to work in a very sensual way, and she begins to drool slightly.
The two women cringe, suddenly afraid.
The woman suddenly lunges at the doorman and tries to pull him down.
Tudor keeps calling until Janine wakes up with a start and jumps to her feet, still half asleep.
She looks up at Tudor's face with a mixture of horror and wonder in her eyes.
In the bathroom, Janine starts to shake, on the verge of hysteria.
Her eyes narrow suddenly -- she hasn't got her lenses in and her gaze is myopic -- as she notices something odd.
Tudor's lips part slightly to allow the emergence of the dark, viscous tentacle to which the thread -- a hook used to hang on inside the body -- is attached.
Janine is paralyzed with horror.
Janine's eyes are wide with terror.
She dashes through the living room and reaches the door to the hallway, whimpering in terror as she fumbles at the lock and the doorknob, finally managing to swing the door open.
They struggle.
She has heard the noises.
Janine resists only slightly as Betts places her lips on Janine's.
Her eyes are closed in passion, then suddenly open wide in terror as Betts's throat swells like a goiter as a parasite rushes up her throat toward Janine's open mouth.
She suddenly stumbles across the body of the man St. Luc has killed.
Worried, St. Luc buzzes again.
Suddenly the driver's door of her car is yanked open and the doorman, slavering and drooling, throws himself at her.
Repulsed and terrified, St. Luc fires the gun into the doorman's upper body three times, heedless of the possibility that he might hit Forsythe.
They clamber on to him and fasten on to his face, suckering on to his ears, his throat, forehead, eyelids.
St. Luc stares at her in horror as her throat begins to swell.
St. Luc abandons Forsythe and begins to fight his way up the stairs.
He begins to shiver.
As he turns, Mr. Spergazzi appears out of the shadows behind him.
Janine's throat ripples and swells, her cheeks billow as a parasite swarms upwards from deep within her body.
His eyes jolt open in terror and he manages to pull away slightly, revealing the tentacles joining her mouth to his like grappling irons.
His throat swells monstrously.
The driver of this first car is St. Luc, sleek and exuberant, a raised collar and a scarf hiding most of his scars.
Harsh.
A SHADOW FALLS across the sand.
Jensen pulls a second, meaner looking knife.
A beat.
And he dies.
A beat.
A beat.
Looking nervous.
Watching her.
THEN FREEZE -- AISHA ON TOP OF CLAY -- Each has a BUCK KNIFE up and tight against the other's throat.
A beat.
As the ramp rises, he shoots panicked glances to Clay.
Eyes wide with fear.
A beat.
Kill them.
Kill them?
Firing them.
A beat.
Intrigued.
They stop.
Two Cobra ATTACK CHOPPERS.
A GOLIATH TANKER approaches from behind.
He LAYS DOWN THE GUN and puts his hands behind his head.
She FIRES AGAIN - BLAM! Identical scar on his other cheek.
Blood runs down his face.
Pulls a WICKED LOOKING KNIFE.
But Clay does have a knife.
Breathing hard...  Clay sees Roque doesn't have his knife.
A beat.
A beat.
Her breath hitches in her chest.
She rushes up to her father and looks at him, horrified, then at the twitching horse, screams with horror.
Suddenly, Beatrix stops playing again.
Suddenly, the schoolteacher stops dead: like a tightrope walker Martin is walking along on the top of the wall of the bridge, thirty feet above the riverbed.
Suddenly Pause.
Suddenly, startled by a noise, he jerks back.
The midwife is doing housework in the Doctor's house.
His wife, with her nervous frailty, looks out of place in this crowd.
Suddenly a KNOCK on the door Florian comes hesitantly through the door.
Suddenly she turns to him again and says, sobbing: She's sits down on the school bench beside her.
Suddenly, Franz enters.
The doctor and Xenia go into the house.
Suddenly she whispers: The doctor turns to her.
Suddenly Now, Anton sits up slowly, rubs his eyes.
Frightened by his screams, Anton now goes over to him and undoes his ties.
He stops.
For a moment we only see the open door with the dark stairwell behind it.
The noise at the door startles Xenia, she looks at Rudolph: The doctor spins around, and looks stunned to his young son.
Suddenly, the schoolteacher hears a female VOICE in the next room SPEAKING softly.
She shakes her bowed head.
He MOANS.
Finally, he says: The police officer looks at him, grunts with disdain, and turns to his colleague: Suddenly, he yells at the girl: Liesl jumps up with fear.
The midwife stands beside him, trying to stay calm, but she is paralyzed with fear, and visibly still in a state of shock.
Suddenly Georg pounces on Sigi and tries to grab his whistle.
For a moment, the steward is paralyzed, then he seizes the horsewhip hanging from hook in the wardrobe and dashes upstairs.
Her hands are shaking a little.
He leaves the midwife's house and hurries to the neighboring house, the doctor's.
His chin starts to shake, tears flood his eyes, and he suddenly turns away.
The houses of the doctor, the pastor, the farmer, the street before the school, the estate's administrative buildings and the manor house.
He's got a camera around his neck and so much confidence, it's a wonder he can balance his head on his shoulders.
Christy flees.
Ted's parents look worried.
Candles light the dark room.
... if they're dead.
She's stunning.
Then suddenly Zukerman rises.
Suddenly, Charlie bursts into the room with a pair of binoculars.
He gulps.
Now he can defy it.
Too big in the chest and shoulders.
Suddenly there's a KNOCK on the door.
People shake his hands.
Ted's paralyzed with desire and fear.
Concerned.
He starts to rise out of the Jacuzzi, when suddenly he's sucked under.
He thrashes.
A little nervous from the spotlights, but hell, he's a man now.
Stunned.
Clutches his throat.
The room is suddenly SILENT.
He stops.
Suddenly a FLASH blinds them.
Capturing Ginger's panicked expression.
Suddenly the doors open to reveal...
Suddenly the phone rings.
Suddenly Julie sobers, pulls away.
Suddenly Ted stops.
Suddenly, they roll into a pair of legs.
Suddenly hundreds of eyes are upon him.
Anxiety rising.
Graduation caps fall all around.
Suddenly the music changes.
He is suddenly grabbed by two large men and dragged out through the exit into...  ... where several   thugs in overcoats emerge from the shadows and start   beating him with lead pipes.
After a nervous beat, the Husband puts a briefcase on the table and slides it to Randolph.
He suddenly stops at one.
Randolph suddenly breaks down.
Sheldon suddenly stands up.
He shivers from the cold as he watches Sheldon and Burke shake hands.
The kids in the bleachers are in hysterics as Smoochy shakes his body spastically.
He recoils in horror and immediately drops it back in the bag.
Spinner has the smile of a little boy despite his crooked nose and scarred face.
There is a sudden LOUD POUNDING on the door.
Randolph suddenly kicks the door open and tackles Angelo.
There is a sudden LOUD POUNDING at the door.
He starts banging on it with a butter knife.
Burke's grin suddenly fades.
frightened.
He starts shaking and suddenly jumps over the table and attacks the Man.
looks on in horror.
Randolph is overcome with emotion.
Sheldon suddenly jumps up and grabs her.
Blood seeps through his foamy torso. of Spinner/Moochy.
He suddenly pulls out a switchblade and holds it to Nora's throat.
He removes the knife from her throat and hurls it toward the bulletin board.
Suddenly the front door to to the penthouse bursts open.
Sheldon suddenly lunges at Randolph and tries to grab the gun.
He's bleeding.
Burke and a nervous-looking Stokes sit in a booth.
A few spectators scream in horror.
Buggy clutches Randolph's leg which threatens to bring them both down.
He's a nervous wreck.
Sheldon is shaking as he extends the gun to Burke's head.
Burke suddenly looks fearful, as does Nora.
Suddenly, there's a voice from behind.
Burke is wide-eyed with fear as Tommy's boys advance on him.
Stokes recoils in horror.
BLACK PUSHER is sitting on his hands, wrists manacled behind him, his head down and dripping blood onto the jacket and the canary-yellow turtleneck.
The BLACK PUSHER'S eyes go to RUSSO in panic, looking for relief from the pressure of the inquisition.
The BLACK PUSHER's eyes are on DOYLE, frozen in confusion and fear.
RUSSO is turning the opposite corner of the car into a bend, his head back, arms across his chest.
There are a couple of dark shops on the street and a bar, all appearing to be closed.
He pulls the plug out of the Juke Box, plunging the room to silence.
The faces of the three men are filled with wonder and anxiety.
Close of SAL's worried face.
DOYLE hands the knife back to the kid.
Suddenly CHARNIER reappears on the platform.
CHARNIER and an UNDERSECRETARY on the steps of the building, shaking hands.
The view is still slow, careful under the pressure of the panic.
Zap!  It's NICOLI walking quickly but not in any panic toward the El.
Misses.
The MOTORMAN pales, his hand goes to his left side in a gesture of anxiety, possibly pain.
It just dangles, wobbles, forgotten in the panic.
He's too scared to move.
WEINSTOCK takes it; they shake.
The police cars, slowly, begin to gun engines and start the pursuit.
BANG!
The other biker shakes his head, no.
The Biker is terrified.
He looks pissed off and scary.
Then they shake hands.
There's an evil glint in Wilkinson's eye.
He looks terrifying.
He looks scared.
Suddenly, a CANNON goes off with a stomach- resounding BOOM! Shane jumps.
Lee suddenly punches Andre through his face guard.
Shane panics and tosses the ball out of bounds.
They line up.
Suddenly, Annabelle Farrell appears in the hallway.
Suddenly, the door flies open and a REPORTER and a cameraman step in and start filming.
Suddenly, the whole restaurant starts singing.
OUT OF THE SILENCE, we suddenly hear the hit and the crowd roar.
Morris goes down like a building with Murray buried in his throat.
The ball hits the crossbar and goes over.
He looks worried.
When the safety moves up on him, Shane panics and goes down in the same kind of slide that Eddie Martel did in the beginning.
She looks worried as trainers run out onto the field.
He's out but he's mumbling: A trainer hears that and looks worried.
Shane walks up to him and they shake hands.
Cochran is on his knees praying.
Now coming slightly behind him is another pair of legs encased in dark slacks.
Atwood sticks her finger into the Young Detective's chest.
By the nightlight in the plug at the head of the bed he can see she's asleep.
The light reveals the Driver to be a tall middle-age preppie guy with close cropped dark hair and dark-rimmed glasses.
Stop.
CRACK!
On her way she unclips her gun and is bringing it out of her holster when Meeks who has managed to hang onto the passenger seat sees this and slams a foot into her chest.
The Women are both worried.
Slam!
Three feet to her right and slightly behind is Snyder and his flashlight.
Mr. Brooks is walking through the Parking Lot beside the Building.
In a dark space between the street lamps, a hand falls on Mr. Smith's shoulder.
Beside him, Mr. Smith is wide eyed with fear and anticipation.
Atwood goes over and gets down on one knee.
In the back seat: Without taking his eyes off the road.
They stop.
BANG!
Mr. Smith looks in horror at the malfunctioning gun.
He howls.
The blade of the shovel strikes Mr. Smith in the throat very nearly taking off his head.
His Daughter's asleep.
The blades are driven deep into his throat.
SPIDER, a nervous looking black man, steps out onto the platform.
Spider gets in and they pull slowly away from the curb.
They also HEAR Spider's TRANSMITTER.
Doc and Spider talk in a nervous false bravado.
A spotter, KOBAS, covers the scene from an abandoned building across the street.
Eddie and Spider LOCK EYES for a split second.
Doc and Spider enter.
The Comachos are heavily armed.
There is plenty of tension all around, but Doc seems a little more nervous than the rest.
It disintegrates.
Doc and Spider are blown backwards in their chairs.
There stands a terrified old woman looking up the barrel of his gun.
Suddenly Victor Comacho comes to life.
Cragie is white with fear.
The thieves have done their homework.
A bee fy compatriot in a blood stained butcher's smock pulls several sides of beef along the rail and into the truck.
It's not a joke, but a threat.
The controller, scared shitless, drops the hand control.
Kosalas is nervous and chatty, bubbling.
The children clutch at Diana in delightful terror.
He's worried.
Kosalas looks worried.
A woman stands in horror unable to keep from looking at Gamiani's body lying on the sidewalk.
She SCREAMS.
With terror in her eyes, Diana runs, searching frantically for a guard, a policeman, somebody with a gun.
She flees downward.
She starts to SCREAM but Angel grabs her by the collar and pulls her up to his face and she stops, wide-eyed with terror as he touches her throat with his knife.
Knife still in hand, he pulls Diana from car to car past the terrified passengers until finally he is cornered at the end of the train.
The boat's wake is suddenly red with blood.
Eddie starts to go, and Diana reacts, suddenly frightened.
We can HEAR the NOISE from the BAR.
Suddenly he whips a sawed-off shotgun from under his coat.
Tony is scared.
Numb with terror she listens, not comprehending, as the Comachos discuss their plans for her in Spanish.
He is stunned.
Against the grotesque shapes of the surrounding scrapyards, Eddie moves quickly from one concealment to the next, crouched low, advancing on the abandoned factory at the end of the dock.
As she slips off her pajamas, we can see a series of puffy, slash-like SCARS on her body.
We see a morbid "hall of fame" of creepy photos sent in from guys.
Chaos.
Grimaces of terror.
Suddenly, soft music   is piped into "the hole," ostensibly to calm the patients   in solitary.
The sprawling ranch house is dark from the outside except for a single FIRST FLOOR WINDOW-- Jennifer's-- still illuminated.
An `80s HORROR MOVIE flickers on the TV.
Suddenly, the room is flooded with BRIGHT LIGHT, revealing a Needy straddling Jennifer's MUTLIATED BODY.
Roman swallows nervously, eyes on the road.
She plants her hands on Needy's CHEST.
Suddenly, a lick of FLAME appears on the wood paneling next to the stage.
CHAOS.
Suddenly, a HAND clamps onto Jennifer's shoulder.
Screams.
Needy screams and watches in horror as it slides down the wall.
The bile has hundred of tiny SPINES sticking out of it, like little porcupine needles, and it appears to move by itself, oozing across the linoleum, creeping into the corners.
A tiny, acne-scarred GEEK leans over and folds the jock into an unlikely hug.
Her eyes cloud over with blood...
Suddenly, she pauses, a look of UNEASE and even FEAR crossing her face.
Mr. Wroblewski falls to his knees, hollering.
Needy is sitting at her lamp-lit desk, reading an old E.C. horror comic and eating a banana.
The park is dark and tree-lined and appears to be a popular clandestine meeting spot for the youth of Devil's Kettle.
We see a brief, terrifying FLASH of Jonas's mutilated body and pain-stricken face.
She's shaking now, too.
The street is extremely dark and silent, occupied only by a new townhouse development.
Colin shivers.
We can see confusion-- and fear-- in his eyes.
She hallucinates liquid seeping through the walls, blood and lymph oozing in at the corners and windows.
Then the infamous spiny black bile...  Pixelated nightmares emerge from the darkness.
Chip is freaking out.
She pulls out onto the street and guns it.
Needy seizes the wheel drives recklessly down a dark, tree-lined street.
Panicking, she leans forward and instinctively puts her mouth to the wound.
Needy nods, terrified.
Dirk and Mick exchange nervous glances.
Ahmet stares at her, frightened.
Needy crawls further away from her, shivering.
The goth boy looks terrified.
He taps his chest.
Suddenly, there's a loud KNOCK on the door.
A look of pure horror crosses her face.
She prances over to the abandoned pool and begins to climb down the ladder on the side.
Suddenly, Jennifer opens her eyes.
A terrified SCREAM in the distance.
Her eyes burn.
A look of ABJECT HORROR on Jennifer's face.
She stares in horror at his torn arm and exposed ribs, then falls to her knees over his body.
She rests her head against his mutilated chest, oblivious to the blood and bone.
Everyone watches, gasping in horror.
The struggle.
It's   Nikolai's BOWIE KNIFE, the one he threw into Devil's   Kettle, never to be seen again.
I miss them.
a dangerous character?
So people can quit worrying about me.
Who's worried about you?
I told you, so people can quit worrying about me.
You're the scariest ghost I've ever seen!
Sorry I scared you.
When these kids are at school, they just think they've got to walk on the edge of danger.
Is he falling asleep on you, yet?
Jumpy.
You're making me nervous.
Do you miss it?
Miss what?
The hospital.
But that was a hospital.
Look, I am sorry, it's none of my business, but I think you worry too much.
You should be doing the solo in that Russian thing.
Hear what?
So you're afraid he'll punish you for something you did?
You're the prick.
He's crazy!
You're crazy!
I gotta go.
She killed herself.
She's worried, tense, but stuck.
Lilly, getting worried, moves closer, through the bedroom doorway.
The DOCTOR, a nervous heavyset man in his fifties, a drinker from the look of him, is on the phone in b.g., while Lilly prowls the room, looking at everything with distaste, then stopping to frown at the box-framed clown pictures.
The APARTMENT MANAGER enters; a sullen, nervous, heavyset man.
He flees.
He's afraid she's right.
Lilly's scared, startled, but trying to figure out how to play this.
Lilly's scared, but has to be jolly, too.
He's startled, almost scared, thinks automatically of escape.
AN ANGLE close on Roy, his eyes glittering, his fist with the die shaking beside his head.
Lilly, suddenly concerned, slides out of the booth.
She goes to one knee beside the drunk, who clutches his own throat with both hands, retching as he tries to inhale.
The drunk is breathing now, but shaken.
In terror, she turns toward Hebbing, who stares at the blood seeping down her white blouse.
Hebbing, kneeling beside Myra, watches them approach the door, crouch, run through.
In obvious panic, he runs to the elevator, presses the button.
She approaches him, scared but needing him.
He suddenly lashes out, knocking her backward, glaring at her. Distracted, gone, unaware of her existence, he gazes around, hugs himself, sits staring at demons.
She's startled.
They shake hands.
They shake hands.
He suddenly gets control of himself, releases her, steps back into the middle of the room.
She cowers against the wall, peering in terror at him through her raised arms.
She's still scared, but angry now, too.
He hangs up, but he's nervous, still uncertain, pacing.
He looks secretive and scared, talks in a hush.
Her hands abruptly clamp on Lilly's throat.
BEAT.
Myra, in nightgown, carrying the ice bucket, approaches Room CU, Lilly asleep.
The shadows shift on her face as Myra OUT OF FRAME approaches.
Lilly clutches at Myra's fingers, tries to reach Myra's face, twists and squirms, then suddenly lifts her arm up and behind her head, hand dipping under the pillow, coming out with the silenced gun, pushing the gun upward, straight-arm, the gun moving up OUT OF FRAME.
Myra's body drops down onto her, at an angle, so we can still see Lilly's horrified face over Myra's shoulder as Lilly gasps for breath.
AN ANGLE on Roy, his face bruised-looking, eyes scared.
He shakes his head, not trusting himself to speak.
AN ANGLE DOWN at Roy, face up, expression horrified, hands to his throat.
CU, Lilly, staring down in horror.
His hands fall to his sides, eyes stare upward, mouth still moves slightly.
The car is approaching a bridge.
Trevors puts his arm on her and shakes her.
Her eyes are wide with desperation, breath quickening, sinking fast...  Kristy pounds the window with her hands, trying to get out.
He hears a sickening SAWING noise and his eyes bulge in horror.
TREVOR'S POV: The nurse is suddenly a pale gargoyle with blackened eyes.
Fearing the worst.
The creepy old woman speaks up.
This strain on his eyes intensifies his headache.
It's still there!
Trevor looks a little sick all of a sudden, like he can't breathe.
Gwen puts one foot on his chest.
Trevor suddenly grabs her hands.
Trevor SIGHS, relieved the attack is finally over.
Video Trevor doesn't see a knife she manages to slip out of her purse.
To Trevor's shock Gwen suddenly drags the knife right across his throat.
A beat.
As Trevor reels in terror, Pinhead pulls another foot long needle from his head and thrusts this one into his neck!
Allison looks a little worried.
Out of sheer instinct he suddenly turns to look- The apartment across the street is lit.
A SUDDEN KNOCKING AT THE DOOR makes him flinch.
Trevor shakes his head no.
He yanks it back and covers his mouth in horror.
Allison looks concerned.
He's intrigued.
Trevor cannot conceal a feeling of dread.
The blood is gone.
But the headache is back.
He catches his breath at the cold and begins to shiver.
Trevor wakes up shivering.
The other paramedic sticks a needle in Trevor's arm.
He stares at the spot where the creepy old lady knitting the baby's bootie used to sit.
Trevor begins walking toward him, blood in his eyes.
Bret then puts the knife to his neck.
Bret drags the knife across his own jugulars slicing them open.
Bret lifelessly falls into the pool of blood...  Before he can process what's just happened, Trevor hears a NOISE behind him and turns to see... several of those slithering sewer monsters coming toward him, surrounding him.
Panicking Trevor reaches down and grabs the knife out of Bret's hand and readies himself for the inevitable attack when- -the BLINDING LIGHT FROM A POLICE car illuminates the alley.
A STRANGE RIPPING NOISE is heard.
Dead.
Rain pounds against her window.
With each peel the walls of the morgue shakes.
Kirsty's eyes light up as she watches...  ON the walls as shadows begin to flail in pain and panic.
The sewer monsters begin crawling up his legs.
Sage sticks a needle in Trevor's arm.
Something out the corner of her eye scares Kirsty.
We HEAR the RHYTHMIC BLEAT of a WARNING SIGNAL, a RUSH OF WIND as in a rapid descent, and perhaps the ROAR OF RETROJETS.
During this and succeeding scenes we sense that Dodge's obsession with scientific inquiry leaves him immune to fear: Landon is possibly more courageous and certainly more "human," for he has many fears to control: while Taylor -- detached, cool and misanthropic -- is something of an enigma.
Mirth bubbles up in Taylor's throat.
Across the top of the hills there suddenly runs a line of fire (Black Dunes.).
Then they vanish.
Suddenly he seizes Taylor's arm and points silently at the far bank of the pool.
reacting.
More shrinking back by the frightened primitives.
They suddenly run laterally across the grove, heading  back toward their jungle.
Twelve "horsemen" suddenly emerge from the trees, riding abreast at a canter, like a squadron of cavalry about to charge.
The hunt is on.
As the "horsemen" close in on the creatures fleeing on foot.
They carry long sticks and nets, and their task is to flush out the terrified primitives cowering in the tall grass.
(a.)	Landon flees from one rider only to be cut off by another.
Taylor crawls through the tall grass on his hands and knees.
His fingers go to his throat.
His throat is smeared with blood.
He faints.
Over this a door is heard opening o.s., and Julius' voice, nervous, deferential: Taylor looks o.s.
Beneath his austere manner, we sense tension, worry.
A warning burns out of his eyes as he stares at Taylor.
Fear clouds his eyes.
A big male suddenly runs to the fence and tries to climb it.
The primitive recoils in fear from a fiery torch and rejoins the captives' circle.
Once again he looks off, stops suddenly.
CAMERA PIVOTS MOVING IN ON Taylor, who is lying on his side, also asleep.
Nova is whimpering, little strange cries of fear.
At that moment we HEAR a shrill police WHISTLE from the guard room.
He is aghast.
He starts to run back down the ramp, but is suddenly confronted by his original pursuer (the dismounted cop coming up the ramp.
Reacting in horror.
Taylor bursts suddenly into view from a building on the far side of the mall, running in panic from ape guards in close pursuit.
A sudden stream of water shoots through the bars and strikes Taylor in the chest.
Both Cornelius and Zira appear shaken by this threat.
His face is in shadow Stunned by Landon's imbecility.
There is a fresh scar running from his forehead to the top of his cranium.
He no longer treats Taylor like a freak animal, but addresses him as an imaginative adversary who must be intimidated by the threat of terror.
It is dark here, so Julius crosses to a beam of light near the bars and studies the document.
Taylor is dozing, but the girl is alert and nervous.
They move off again, riding across the dry wash.
Zira wanders off, falls to her knees.
Taylor rinses off his knife, starts to dry it.
The wall of the gorge, in shadow, is a darker hue.
Taylor alone is armed.
Taylor releases the pressure on Zaius' throat but keeps the gun pointed at his back.
Their rebellious spirit has evaporated, and they are clearly afraid.
Claude steps into the bathroom and approaches the sink.
Suddenly, it's crowded in here.
Spanky plants a foot on Claude's chest and applies pressure.
Suddenly, he grabs her wrist.
Suddenly, the bloodied figure of Winston Hancock lurches from the shadows and grabs Claude by the lapels.
Claude is too scared to scream, staggering backward.
Ray turns back to find Claude trembling with fear and covered in blood.
Much to Claude's horror, Ray starts rifling through Winston's pockets.
Claude sits down and promptly goes to work scraping his burnt toast with his knife.
His eyes are swollen shut, his face covered with blood.
Suddenly, he makes a break for the Dillard house.
He still bears a nasty scar on his cheek from a wound inflicted long ago.
Wilkins heads up the steps and into the house.
The building is dark.
Ray shakes her off and runs up the steps, disappearing into the burning building.
Ray is suddenly young again.
He, too, is suddenly young again.
Suddenly, they are both old again.
He approaches, handing her his card.
Jackie shakes her head "no."
Ordell's gloved fingertips move up her collarbone to her throat, gently touching her skin.
Ordell moves his thumbs from her collarbone to the middle of her throat.
Ordell freaks.
She shakes her head "no."
Back at work, standing at the exit of her plane.
Without raising her head, she shakes it from side to side.
Max climbs into his Seville, starts her up, and drives out of the parking lot.
This edge I'm referring to is not one born out of fear (Jackie's nervous, but she's not afraid.).
She looks in a panic.
The office goes dark.
Max looks down and sees Ordell's head by his shoes, look of panic still on his face, dead as fried chicken.
He shakes his head 'no.' Jackie smiles.
She breaks it.. PINK Revision    -   11/12/06                              8. Anna is pouring two glasses of sherry.
We hear a gruff Russian voice calling out from the living room (UNCLE STEPAN.).
Uncle Stepan is early seventies, Russian.
We see SEMYON, a Russian man in his late sixties.
There are three little girls in extravagant party frocks, all holding violins and giggling near to the door that BLUE Revision    -   11/4/06                              14. leads to the kitchen.
Semyon takes a pot from the heat, suddenly flustered.
GOLDENROD Revision    -   11/27/06                       22A.
He stops.
As they walk through, Ekrem suddenly leaps out of the darkness with a yell.
Ozim is watching this scene with horror.
He then turns the hair dryer back on and blows some hot air onto the crisply bloody chest of Soyka.
Ozim, reacting to the cold of the wallet and to the horror of it, drops the thing on the floor.
Outside it's dark and raining.
Semyon takes her onto his knee.
Nikolai half shrugs.
He disappears.
Helen looks at her with anxiety.
Kirill suddenly stops dancing and stares at Nikolai.
Kirill suddenly goes to the stereo system and yanks the plug from the wall.
The girls look terrified.
Kirill looks suddenly wild.
Nikolai speaks to her softly in Russian.
GOLDENROD Revision      -   11/27/06                        45.
As she starts to leave the private room to enter the ward, she is suddenly confronted by Semyon.
Anna reacts but Semyon's face suddenly hardens...
Everyone begins to talk at once...  WHITE Revision     -   9/12/06                            50.
Anna suddenly stands up.
Kirill recoils in terror.
Suddenly Nikolai steps forward.
Anna and Helen are sitting at a table, terrified but trying hard to stay calm.
Anna and Helen are stiff with terror.
Anna and Nikolai are staring at each other, suddenly a strange connection between them.
He sees Semyon approaching from the kitchen and closes the diary.
Nikolai looks anxious.
The place has two dozen customers and there is a Russian band playing `Dark Eyes'.
An already anxious Ozim is cowering in the shadows, held at bay by the dog.
Ozim looks severely nervous.
Semyon suddenly breaks the neck of the bottle and holds the jagged edge to Ozim's throat.
He holds onto his Russian hat to stop it blowing away.
Rain is falling.
Anna is terrified but angry too.
She yells.
Kirill suddenly goes for her over the bonnet of the car....  Kirill pushes Anna up against the car, but she fights him.
Anna's voice is defiant but cracking with fear.
A pause as Kirill suddenly senses his exclusion.
As Nikolai walks down the steps into the gloom, he hears Kirill singing a Russian folk song to himself as he drags a case of brandy across the cellar floor.
The street outside the restaurant is now flooding with rain.
A large SUV pulls up and a hard-looking Russian man in his sixties (VALERY.) is ushered from the car by bodyguards in suits and shades.
A wizened old Russian man (THE TATTOOIST.)
Helen is trying to hide her anxiety but Anna sees it.
Ozim is waiting nervously, blowing into his hands against the cold.
Ozim is dressing frantically, his face suddenly betraying his real anxiety.
He gulps down his fear.
Suddenly one of the brothers is upon him and has him in a head lock.
Suddenly Nikolai is slashed across the arm by the razor and blood oozes into the steam and hot water.
All the men are now covered in blood and Nikolai, with a final surge of strength, manages to cripple one brother with a blow to the throat, and the other with an elbow to the temple.
GOLDENROD Revision     -   11/27/06                       84.
Nikolai smiles, but Anna is trying hard to even out her fear and anger.
Anna sees the wounds on his arms and glimpses the tattoos on his chest, scaring her even more.
Anna is locating the door in case she has to flee as Nikolai swings his legs out of the bed to stretch his painful limbs.
GOLDENROD Revision   -   11/27/06                        88.
Christine is asleep.
The ward is busy as Yuri, the police specialist from the Russian desk, enters wearing a heavy overcoat.
He glances at the cuts on Nikolai's hands...  Nikolai suddenly glares at Yuri.
At that moment Kirill sees on the security monitor behind the bar that a police car is pulling up outside the restaurant.
Then a needle is being pushed into Semyon's arm by the doctor.
BLUE Revision   -   11/4/06                                98. Kirill is preparing food for the night's festivities.
Semyon turns to Kirill, his face hardening...  Semyon approaches and Kirill gets scared.
GOLDENROD Revision   -   11/27/06                      100.
As he reacts.
Suddenly he glances up.
The young man whirls in terror; his two assailants lunge for him...  a savage, wordless struggle ensues in the close confines of the lavatory.
revolver looking down our throats.
Worry-eyed, still staring straight ahead.
Then his eyes move suddenly to his left.
And, bursting into tears, she flees the kitchen.
Until suddenly he freezes.
Carter shakes it off, goes.
Suddenly the car door flies open and Samuel jumps out, races across the barnyard to hurl himself into the old man.
Rachel hasn't removed her hand from his chest.
She notices details; bruises, scars, the knuckles are hard, grazed, a tattoo on one shoulder.
Suddenly her eyes blaze, she starts to close the door: Schaeffer quickly  but gently  prevents her from shutting it.
He hangs up.
Hochstetler heads for the house.
With difficulty.
Suddenly, as Hochstetler raises his hammer, the studs start to part, threatening to de-ball the both of them.
And suddenly the moment has passed.
Samuel stays inside; the crowds make him nervous.
She shakes the water off her hands.
Suddenly Eli SHOUTS: It's deafening.
FIRING AGAIN, then again.
As he arrives, he HEARS a noise  very slight  from the direction of the silo.
His head bounds off the white brick wall about five feet up...  and he falls in a heap, blood gushing from his head, as... Blinking, groaning, just beginning to stir...  and, suddenly, into the frame comes a hand with a pistol in it.
He's horrified by how bad Ed is.
He FREEZES, then panics.
She's shaking too much to use her lighter.
Marcia, watching, HORRIFIED.
It's making the Hygienist NERVOUS.
He SCREAMS.
She SCREAMS.
She hangs up on him.
Shari is suddenly sober.
They're watching.
It's too crowded -- dangerous.
She's watching.
Shari watching, in horror.
He HANGS UP.
Ed tries to allay her fears.
The body is spurting blood and is mutilated.
Watching.
He's stunned.
Ed is walking from his car to a building.
It's deserted.
He's stunned.
A radio -- a domestic disturbance -- a baby crying -- it's a horror.
Suddenly, a TUBFUL OF WATER crashes down on him.
He hangs up.
She's watching.
SHOCK.
Suddenly, he FREEZES.
They look STRAINED, ANXIOUS.
FEAR and SHOCK, except for Cynthia, who is LAUGHING and can't stop.
She stops.
Scharlach's EYES WIDEN in HORROR.
Suddenly a GUARD enters from a small door and quickly crosses to ANOTHER GUARD.
A warning SOUND begins.
Suddenly the Guild Navigator swims towards the Emperor.
She suddenly sees and flinches.
Suddenly, DUNCAN IDAHO appears from behind the giant black head.
The RAIN starts again -- lightly.
Suddenly a drop falls into the black, and white hot widening rings appear on the dark water's surface.
Fear passes over his face.
In front of a huge steam boiler, the cable car stops and Piter gets out, steps down steel stairs and enters a porcelain room where the Baron is being treated by a DOCTOR for sores on his face and body.
The doctor uses a lasbeam on a big sore on the Baron's lips.
Suddenly the Baron begins to float straight up, twenty-five feet in the air.
It is a frightening sight.
The Attendants stand completely still with fear.
Suddenly, the real planet Arrakis appears and the giant Heighliner materializes above it.
Suddenly SOUNDS begin.
He takes pleasure observing the details of the rock Palace but all the while he feels an uneasiness -- a feeling of fear builds in him.
Suddenly he stops.
A soldier suddenly stops.
She becomes fearful.
Outside in the passageway, feet suddenly move quietly toward the door to Jessica's room.
Gurney and Paul turn to each other, worried.
Paul can feel the fear.
DUNCAN IDAHO, wearing a dark, dusty stillsuit, emerges from the shadows.
Suddenly the Duke hears a strange MEWLING sound.
A warning TONE begins.
SCREAMS.
The Duke's dog runs through the passageway WHINING with fear.
Harkonnen scare SIRENS scream.
SCREAMS.
Through the black smoke, large SARDAUKAR chase after THREE SOLDIERS and them with hydraulic knife-guns.
Tremendous NOISE of battle.
Suddenly twelve huge Sardaukar round a corner on a quick march.
Duncan attacks and fights valiantly but he is outnumbered.
Duncan's dead, shielded body slides sparking in the dark against the passageway walls.
Then Guard #1's hand, glinting silver, flashes into Guard #2's chest, killing him.
The ornithopter begins to veer off into a dangerous nose dive.
The blackness flaps; then all fades to As they fly deeper into the desert with the ship shuddering and straining, Jessica suddenly cries out with tremendous premonition and fear.
Suddenly Paul turns and studies his mother.
Their muscles begin to ache.
Suddenly they HEAR the thumper start behind them.
She screams.
Jessica and the fetus rush mentally through a dark strangely worm-like tunnel until suddenly, a gaping black hole appears.
The module shakes violently in his hand - it suddenly fires upwards, and the wall explodes.
The mountain approaches at a terrifying speed.
The Emperor looks on in horror.
Chani and the Fedaykin freeze and watch in horror as seven giant worms converge on them.
A quiet, haunting MOAN of recognition of a master rises from the Fremen.
The Baron is fighting to contain his fear because RABBAN'S HEAD SITS ALL BLOODY ON THE FLOOR in front of him.
Suddenly the Reverend Mother looks horrified and grabs her throat.
Suddenly enormous dust clouds and LIGHTNING sweep up over the Shield Wall.
All their faces show fear.
Thufir approaches Paul, concealing the knife.
Suddenly we are in the Heighliner control room, near the floor in the chemical spills.
THUNDERING begins to shake the Heighliner.
Suddenly Paul sees the Third Stage Navigator.
Suddenly, Paul, with lightning swiftness, pushes Feyd up and over.
A sudden pang tightens his face; he presses his hand against his stomach and closes his eyes.
Suddenly, a boy (COREY.)
'A dark secluded spot/In a deserted parking lot/Tinted windows are a wonderful thing.'
Suddenly, the passenger door on the Rover opens and Marek climbs out, brushing his hair with his hands before casually checking his zipper.
George shakes his head "no".
They shake hands and George grabs hold of the stick again.
The nurse shakes her head "no".
George suddenly stops to catch his emotion.
Feeling guilty, she flees the room, waking the other PATIENT.
Alyssa reaches out and slides a finger down his scar.
Guster is asleep on the grass, under a tree.
A sudden spray of water drenches Sam, forcing him to his feet in a cold panic.
Sam is leaning against a wall with his arms folded across his chest.
In a bit of a panic, Sam runs from the cliff.
Suddenly, Sam turns to face his dad.
George is shivering as he closes the curtain back up.
Sam is scared and it shows.
He starts to shake, frightened by his actions.
Bob and George shake hands as Robin drives off.
He works while Guster sleeps.
Sam is anxious.
A sudden blaring noise, AN ALARM, pierces Josh's throaty groan.
Colleen jumps off the bed, the sheet still haunting her head.
Colleen is anxious as she rushes out.
George and Sam are asleep.
Robin shakes her head "no" to Sam.
He stares at her, afraid to say what he needs to say.
Without a word, she walks to her car and climbs in; Ryan and Adam quickly join her in the car.
Guster scoots off the bed in a panic.
George is shaking and sweating as he tries to crawl off the bed to his sock drawer.
Sam is nearly pleading, frightened to move.
George is asleep, looking dead with tubes in his arms.
Alyssa shakes her head "no".
George shakes death and drugs away as he manages to open his eyes.
A police car stops in front of the house and Kurt steps out.
A wave of fear rushes through David Dokos that's instantly visible.
Peter stops and steps out of his car as Adam and Ryan race for the house.
Robin shakes her head "no".
Sam is shaking slightly as he walks up the cracked concrete walk to the door.
Sam is very nervous as he reaches in his pocket and pulls out a set of keys.
A little SQUEAK escapes his throat.
Suddenly the DOOR BURSTS OPEN.
Nervous, she raises the beer again to take a sip.
SCREAMING.
He stops.
Cringes.
Suddenly Stifler comes running up, breathless.
Pulls out a pocket knife.
Stops.
Jim sneaks a nervous glance over to the QuickCam.
He looks down at himself in terror.
Groping.
Ruined.
She stops.
A beat.
Finch is terrified.
Finch's eyes flash open in terror.
Stops.
Heather looks worried, lost.
Suddenly he is tumbling, falling, losing the ball.
He lays stunned on the ground, as Stifler recovers the ball and scores.
A beat.
Kevin, somewhat nervous, takes the bottom of the map, fidgeting with it a little.
Both looking a little nervous.
Anxious.
A beat.
Shocked.
A beat.
A beat.
He stops, horrified.
A beat.
A beat.
Larch wakes up; he shakes off the ether haze.
The boys listen in horror in their beds.
Copperfield, terrified of Mary Agnes, escapes.
The doctors are checking the babies' grips, their eyes, ears, and throats.
Larch shakes the letter in front of Angela.
A VERY FRIGHTENED GIRL---not one of the orphans--is lying next to the incinerator.
Edna kneels by the strange girl, who cringes with fear.
Edna is holding the head of the frightened young girl.
Larch starts putting the cone in place, over the nose and mouth of the frightened girl.
Candy and Wally exchange a worried look.
Suddenly Dr. Larch appears in front of him.
Homer gets in the passenger seat beside Wally, who starts the car; suddenly there is Curly.
Candy is lying down, her knees drawn up, in the backseat; she appears to be asleep, oblivious to Homer and Wally's conversation.
Wally is half- hidden behind a tree.
Candy pounds on his chest with her fists.
Wally looks at Homer, who takes a nervous drag on his cigarette.
A lobsterman in his boat is approaching the dock.
Then he pulls out a knife and opens it in one fluid motion; he's so fast, the knife seems to come out of nowhere.
Rose Rose wants more, but suddenly Jack jumps out of bed and stomps to the kitchen end of the cider house, where a piece of paper is tacked to the wall.
They shake hands.
An anxious-looking WHITE PLUMBER is fixing the kitchen sink while the pickers (in their towels.)
Larch storms out of the room.
Suddenly Steerforth bursts through the door, having been pushed from behind by Mary Agnes.
Jack looks for a translation from the other men, who are nervous.
Jack pulls a knife on Mr. Rose.
Homer looks afraid to breathe.
They shake hands.
There, suddenly, is Mr. Rose, walking past them.
Mr. Rose switches from sly to threatening in a split second.
Suddenly Homer is in charge.
The cider house in the rain.
The rain has stopped but the grass is wet, the trees glistening in the dawn light as Wally's car stops and Homer gets out.
Muddy is scared; he looks to Homer for advice.
There's blood everywhere.
Mr. Rose, with his blood- soaked hand, suddenly grabs Homer by the throat.
Mary Agnes crashes into the bathroom and stumbles up to the mirror; she starts to fix herself up with shaking hands.
People reach to shake Helen's hand; she copes as well as she can with her fear.
As HELEN, in bed, bolts up from the nightmare, her hands try desperately to pull the dream rope from her neck.
Two pills are shaken out into a palm, others scattering from the nervous haste...  CLOSE: HELEN  Watching herself in BATHROOM mirror as she tosses down the pills, gulps water.
Feeling quite restored from the dream horror of the night...  CLOSE: PHONE  Her hand comes into FRAME and picks up the handset and carries CAMERA TO CLOSEUP HELEN.
Stiff with fear and rage, she slams down phone.
Andy now stops to address this seriously...  Her fear is so palpable, she is so nakedly vulnerable it breaks his heart.
He puts his arms around her. your He pats her thighs...  she walks to the window as he talks... Andy has heard this tone before:  panic attack alert.
M.J. and Ruben are both appalled at the force of what is happening: an all-out panic attack...  Andy races t o the kitchen; Ruben tries to help but Helen fights him off viciously, gasping for air... Andy races back in with a PLASTIC BAG HE PULLS OVER HELEN'S HEAD AND FACE...
After a moment fighting her fears, Helen reaches for the file.
She freezes...  Panic hangs in the air... Andy answers the phone in the kitchen...  Hangs up.
From the dark spaces of the loft there ECHOES A SCREAM OF SHEER TERROR FROM HELEN!
HELEN SITS FORTH, suppressing her fear by sheer will.
She suddenly becomes aware of the camera being aimed at her.
Somehow, this is comforting to her, but she is still in full-blown panic...
TV features the antics of a nervous little prairie dog family.
AN OLD SCAR.
the case!
Nasty Little Dog is sprawled asleep on it.
He trots silently to HELEN'S side of the street and merges into the dark side of her building.
A phone rings...  ON RUBEN standing beside the car; he answers his phone... M.J. still pissed at the earlier phone call, turns away, dismissively...  Dread clouds HELEN'S face.
A small but alarming noise at the front of the loft.
He is a middle-aged Afro-Asian with a knife-scarred face.
HELEN is sitting on the floor, her knees pulled up to her chest.
She is trembling.
He smoothes her hair, rubs her neck, pets her like a frightened and resistant cat.
M.J. has already left...  Pandemonium: the Chinatown raid has been carried off and NIKKO AND RUBEN and a dozen other cops are booking a group of Chinese gangsters of all ages, and a group of frightened and confused Chinese illegal aliens.
He is shocked.
He hangs up.
SUDDENLY FROM DOOR...
Sudden silence when she kills the car engine.
It is dark where they step out into the night.
The audience is booing.
Suddenly Barris becomes agitated.
The naked Barris approaches the bellhop, drapes his arm over the young man's shoulder and walks with him.
Georgia is asleep.
Another big, frightening instructor stands before the class.
Byrd grabs Barris and pulls him over to a dark corner of the room.
Renda seems pale and nervous, as does Barris in his gaudy tourist wear and sunglasses.
It's wild and frightening.
Suddenly there's a commotion inside the car.
Barris panics and dives behind the car.
He's scared, shaking wildly.
Blood spurting.
The contestants are paralyzed with fear.
A shadowy figure appears at the top of the bleachers and creeps down the aisle.
The Englishman's eyes are wide with terror.
Barris enters the room, shaky and scared.
Suddenly Barris pulls away.
Suddenly shots are fired from offstage.
Blood spurts.
Then she turns and storms from the house.
Barris is stunned, scared.
Suddenly there's a commotion on the quiet street.
The noise is deafening.
He approaches the wall and manages to get the plane over it.
Her eyes widen in terror, but she keeps singing.
Suddenly, a shot rings out.
Is it a gun.
He starts to sweat.
The audience boos.
Barris panics; he tries to lose the other car.
Barris points the gun at them for a long while, his hands shaking wildly.
He looks terrified.
It is a repulsive and frightening sight, but Barris becomes transfixed by it and cannot take his eyes off the guy.
He wanders disconsolately and slightly wild-eyed through the crowd.
Suddenly confetti and balloons pour down on him out of the L.A. night sky.
There's blood on his hands.
There's been a fight.
Lightning strikes, concussing murky pools of water.
Kaufman, nervous and sweaty, watches Margaret, a soulful development executive, unpack boxes.
Dark and muted.
They drive in silence.
He sweats.
Customer #2 enters with a creepy, dark flowered orchid.
Orlean looks out at the dark night.
It's dark, tangled with foliage, and foreboding.
Kaufman shakes his head "no."
He watches a slightly haggard woman with a bandaged head sitting in a small room across the hall.
Orlean walks through alone, panicked.
They drive in silence for a little while.
She watches him.
Kaufman, sweaty and anxious, walks along.
They sink to their knees.
Bees, and dragonflies hover.
Rage and panic sweep across her face, her fists clench into balls.
Soon there is silence.
He's stunned.
Kaufman is sweaty, nervous.
Kaufman crawls over to the house, lifts his face to the window.
Suddenly Laroche locks eyes with Kaufman.
Laroche shakes Orlean off his leg, kicks Kaufman in the gut.
They drive in silence.
Kaufman shivers.
Suddenly Laroche gets whacked in the back, flies forward into the water.
They jump onto it, search hysterically in the dark for bow to start it.
Kaufman panics, surfaces.
The alligator violently shakes Kaufman by the leg.
It's broken.
Kaufman limps through the dark water.
Suddenly the creature grabs Laroche, pulls him into the swamp.
She shoots.
Suddenly she's pounced on by a bloody, soaking wet figure.
Kaufman falls to his knees.
His frown deepens as the sound of his own voice comes to him from the vision in the water -- Draco draconis -- suddenly squelched by the roar of flame and an ugly snarl.
A shadow falls over him.
Suddenly, the old man leans down and addresses him.
The travelers exchange nervous glances.
Everyone is filled with dread.
Tyrian makes a sudden movement and buries the blade in Ulrich's chest.
The others are riveted in horror.
His hands are folded on his chest.
There is a noise from the darkness beyond the campfire.
But Greil persists, waving the knife at the group.
He lashes out with the knife.
He takes the knife.
He prods the girl, but she is too terrified to speak.
One of the nervous witnesses leans forward.
The horse suddenly rears, and blindfold notwithstanding, gallops off, dragging the tumbril over the rocks.
Blood starts.
The girl's face is suddenly lit by flames.
Far below, half hidden by trees, the little company of Urlanders winds its way through the forest.
Suddenly, he stops short and stares.
Valerian is pale and frightened.
He dies.
Malkin, Greil and Valerian rush up behind him, their faces drawn with worry.
She flees.
One catches him at the knee and sends him flying.
They look with real fear at the man who just conjured up the Apocalypse.
There's a wooden cross on his chest and a mad look in his eye.
He is angry and frightened.
Dark clouds slide across a pale sun, throwing the ruined land below into shadow.
The same tremor shakes the bars in Galen's cell.
Suddenly a violent shaking hits the cell, bouncing Galen off the walls.
Dodging panicky barnyard animals, Valerian and her father join other frightened villagers in the center of town.
He darts out.
Unruly horses, terrified by the quake, rush blindly around the courtyard.
Hot on his heels are armed soldiers.
Sweat shines on his face and neck.
There is a thunderous noise.
As he watches in horror, fires spring up in the fields and trees.
Then, with a thunderous rush of air that almost blows him from the saddle, the dragon reappears and hurtles a few feet over his head!
He lays a horseshoe on the anvil.
Big flat oak leaves are gliding along the current.
He scurries over to a chest, flings it open and starts rummaging.
Suddenly he stops short.
Galen hovers on the verge of panic as the guard abruptly moves.
Galen paws over everything, suddenly aware that he must be close to the amulet.
It lights up the room, throwing long shadows into the corners.
She shudders.
She's fighting to retain her hard manner, but the agitation and dread are plain.
Suddenly he stoops and picks up an embroidered slipper: Elspeth's.
Another tremor knocks Galen to his knees.
He darts off.
The congregation is confused and frightened by the sudden darkness.
Suddenly she is hit from behind by a gust of wind.
Suddenly, Valerian recovers herself and makes a run for it, leaping and scrabbling over the rocks.
Valerian and Galen cling to each other in terror.
In the background, half the congregation is staring through the burned-out walls, fervently praying and crossing themselves, wondering if they'll ever see the sun again.
The terrified Little children look out a broken window at their mother.
He is paralyzed.
His mouth opens in terror as the moving trolley comes closer and closer to the black man lying on the tracks.
The terror-stricken children huddle together.
As he lays on the floor with head bleeding, Malcolm kicks him in the stomach _two times_.
Shaking off the rain as Malcolm walks through.
He is a young, cocky, nervous, gingerbread colored boy who comes over to her quickly.
PEG is 17, Peg smiles, afraid of Malcolm.
A beat.
Same procedure.
A ball is hit.
The room becomes transformed.
It is suddenly suffused with light.
Both are convicts.
Malcolm shakes it warmly.
The old man is asleep.
--of the nervous cops, including some big brass.
armed with microphones.
We hear him...
He hangs up.
He falls to his knees.
She is half-asleep, frightened, trembling and disoriented.
"Fire!"
Malcolm is paralyzed.
His eyes are closed, and the street noise begins to build to a deafening _roar_.
He shakes hands with Benjamin 2X, then steps toward the podium.
DEKE WALKS BY, shaking Jimmy irreverently as he prays.
Beat.
EBBY REARS BACK AND FIRES THE BALL -- From ten feet away, right at Crash's chest.
And brutal.
CLOSE ON EBBY -- His eyes full of fear and wonder.
Ebby is clearly more nervous than Crash, who's been in some strange rooms in his minor league career.
Then his pants.
CLOSE ON EBBY'S FACE -- Intrigued, aroused, frightened.
For a moment -- THE FEAR OF DEATH...  CRASH HITS THE DIRT -- It just misses his head.
And misses.
SUDDENLY A VOICE -- Nuke pulls up, gets out of his Porsche.
And suddenly Nuke is swept up into a sea of Little Leaguers.
His eyes are wide open and full of nervous energy.
THE BATTER TAKES OFF ON A HOME RUN TROT -- Slightly scared.
He hands the ball to Crash.
A CAB PULLS UP in the dark.
It's hopeless.
Hopeless.
EXTREME CLOSE UP ON NUKE'S EYES -- Frightened.
SUDDENLY NUKE'S FACE IS FILLED WITH ALARM -- He points.
Suddenly Deke spots Nuke's panties.
Overpowering.
Winds.
A change up.
She starts toward him -- and Nuke flees.
And stops.
They shake hands, and Nuke heads out the door.
A little arrogance and fear.
They shake hands, and: CRASH'S P.O.V. -- NUKE ROARS AWAY in his Porsche, leaving a trail of dust in the Stadium parking lot.
AS SHE APPROACHES -- She stops.
He shakes the tension loose from each leg, then waggles both arms dangling at his sides, like an athlete preparing for a sprint.
The hand holding the paper DROPS AWAY and we TILT UP, as Norville walks AWAY FROM us into the b.g., towards the office building across the street.
THROUGH the window we see the BOARD MEMBERS still sitting around the table, paralyzed in attitudes of horror and disbelief.
The other board members unfreeze, their worst fears confirmed.
Norville, bracing himself now, sinks only a little under the G-force.
Behind him the elevator doors suddenly open again.
Now the problem is what to do with it.
With a wince, he shakes it out.
A beat.
Suddenly enraged: He starts awkwardly peeling off his suit coat.
Falling, turning lazily in the air -- and suddenly, with a great moaning sound -- he stops, suspended in mid-air, head down, feet in the air.
watching.
He is in a panic.
His eyes open suddenly.
Terror and disbelief start in Ben's eyes.
He stops.
The noise in the room comes back.
She stops.
He looks at her in horror.
Watching.
He looks at the massed group moving toward him, horror taking over his face.
She stops.
Ben asleep in his bed.
Suddenly he sits up.
The room is dark.
Ben's shadow is thrown across the celebrants.
In another region of the wasteland, a forest of tree trunks suddenly rains down from the sky.
Through his alcoholic fog, Eugene feebly co- operates - his paralyzed legs a particular dead weight.
Then abruptly the craft and the asteroid freeze in mid-space, suddenly reverse direction and proceed forward again - the spacecraft taking a slightly adjusted course.
Maria suddenly disengages her feet from the stirrups and swings her legs off the table.
MARIA suddenly whisks up the toddler.
Suddenly VINCENT stops swimming, pulling up sharply in the water, exhausted and fearful.
Suddenly ANTON starts to slow, his strokes becoming labored until he becomes motionless in the water.
Nervous smirks from nearby employees.
Nearby, elderly janitor, CAESAR notices Jerome's fastidious act and reads the panic in Jerome's eyes.
Suddenly there is a roar of a mini-vac and the eyelash is sucked up.
She accidentally drops a knife onto Eugene's leg.
Driving along the freeway, Jerome's car suddenly dives down an escape road.
JEROME, rounding the car from the passenger side, is about to follow, when he suddenly pulls up sharply at the curb.
The camera travels down Jerome's scarred legs to find that the pool is completely drained.
As Lamar draws the blood, Jerome suddenly flinches and flexes his arm violently, causing the needle to bend and buckle, exiting the skin from a second puncture point.
It is all slightly off from the pristine world she is accustomed to.
MICHAEL suddenly approaches the table with a WAITER in tow.
Overcome with frustration and the enormity of his task, he begins to quietly weep.
She softly touches the scars on his shins.
As he drags himself across the floor the internal phone rings.
He desperately crawls up onto the sofa.
Anton pulls up, exhausted and fearful.
However his face displays none of Anton's anxiety.
Anton is left alone with the terrifying realization.
Confirming Jerome's worst fears, the face of 20-YEAR-OLD VINCENT appears on the computer screen.
Joe Jr. looks up at...  Bloody, nearly unconscious, he aims the shotgun at the boy who is too frightened to move.
Erases it.
Erases that.
Stevens is upset, though oddly unsurprised, as if this only confirmed his secret fears.
knees him in the groin.
Hull is rescued from this horror by the ringing PAY PHONE.
As if it were a fly bite, Barbosa flings the table aside and, with a long knife already in his hand, guts Eddie from groin to breast bone.
Hull looks away, hiding his horror.
Horrified, fascinated, afraid, in awe.
Both still shaken by the previous scene.
Hull: a moment of horror as he realizes what Carver is saying.
He stops.
We STAY in the car with Hull who's silent, frightened, keeps trying to warm his hands.
They stop again.
Elias laughs, surprised, afraid.
She leads him into...  She's sweet and loving, but her sweetness scares her.
It's torment.
He stops.
Trembling, Elias holds his bloody hands against his chest, as Hull leads him in silence down the steps.
watching planes descend into the airport, nervous.
SIRENS.
It's chicken, but more than that.
She's afraid of him.
She gasps.
Elias shakes his head: nothing.
She's protesting.
A panic, yet no one's coming after them.
She stops it.
Suddenly: SIRENS.
The garage is a labyrinth of cement stairwells, ramps, hundreds of RVs to hide between, under and so forth...  Lots of NOISE, lights, but mostly we see Hull and Elias dodging here, avoiding the action.
He's cut down.
Blood oozes from Taft's chest.
Hull punches him so hard in the stomach that he goes to his knees.
We hear the thunder of approaching hooves.
A blanket is unrolled to reveal a watch, a cheap knife, and a long-barreled Colt's dragoon revolver.
She shivers, shoulders hunched.
A jingling noise up the road.
Suddenly: The door flies open and--BANG!
He twists and rears with cuffed hands to plunge the knife into Moon's chest.
Blood spatters Mattie.
Moon has fallen to the floor, knife in chest.
The two horses that are now riderless rear and mill, panicked.
He fires.
They shake.
We are high and close on Rooster, asleep.
She is struck by a worrying thought.
He sloshes suddenly forward, water kicking up before him.
Mattie manages to choke out: Silence.
We hear the schlick of steel and his hand reappears holding a knife taken from a leg sheath.
Her eyes roll down in their sockets to watch as Chaney regrips the knife and lowers it to her throat, his knuckles whitening with tension.
Then, he drops.
The butt-end of a knife juts out.
Mattie screams as the ball of waking snakes quickens.
The body, coming to pieces, slides dustily down into the dark.
It disappears.
Mattie hastily reaches for the root that pins her and in a panic pulls, looking back toward the body.
As the snakes advance to the level of her pinned leg Mattie freezes.
Careful to keep still, eyes on the advancing snakes: More snakes climb onto her.
A large snake is winding onto her shoulder.
She gingerly places a hand for it to coil onto; it does; she holds it at arms length and gently shakes it off.
As he does so: Rooster stoops with the knife and one slice frees the booted foot.
Horrible noises are indeed coming from the horse, but Rooster is grim: He leaves off whipping the horse and takes out his knife.
In the dark, the darker shape of the dead horse, growing smaller.
She appears a little anxious.
Both she and Claudia are petrified and terror-stricken as the curve and the wall loom closer and closer.
With a frightening leap -- and going well over fifty miles an hour -- the car barely makes it over the ditch and right through the opening in the wall.
Claudia is visibly shaken.
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by Sandro's voice shouting "Hello."
Sandro and Anna remain as they are until they are suddenly enveloped by a dark shadow.
It is larger than it previously appeared and casts a long, dark shadow over the yacht.
But Claudia is afraid to dive in while the boat is still in motion, so she turns to the sailor and shouts: The motor is turned off and the yacht soon comes to a halt.
As soon as he hits the water, he starts shivering and exclaims: Then, lowering the mask over his face, he begins to submerge.
Then, immediately, the booming voice of the sailor aboard the yacht sounds out: But Sandro ignores the warning and starts swimming out towards Anna like a demon.
Claudia is stricken with fear, and holds on tight to Giulia.
Anna goes over to the edge of the boat and stands at the head of the little stairway leading down to the water.
Her desire to join him is greater than her fear of the shark, so she looks down at the sailor and asks: Patrizia, instead, turns around and heads back to the cabin.
Breaking the nervous tension that has spread itself throughout the group, a seaman appears with a small basket of frozen peaches brought from the yacht.
Sandro is asleep with his arms folded under his head.
Down at the shore, Giulia is getting ready to step on the gangplank and go aboard the yacht but, anxious about Anna's whereabouts, she changes her mind and turns back.
He is about to head towards them but suddenly realizes that Giulia is following directly behind him.
As he starts to approach it, another stray lamb appears, as if from nowhere, and runs off, frightened by Sandro's approach.
The turn has taken the boat slightly away from Lisca Bianca and they now find themselves closer to the little island of Basiluzzo.
The entire group is once again reunited on the beach, and the impending storm has heightened their fears and anxiety.
They are cold, restless, and exhausted, but profoundly moved and shaken by the reality of Anna's strange disappearance.
Suddenly, footsteps are heard approaching the hut.
Claudia suddenly jumps up and runs out of the hut and into the dark, calling out desperately.
She looks down over the side and quickly withdraws, almost in fear of being sucked down into the swirling waters below.
Stepping ashore are Patrizia, Giulia and Raimondo, followed by a Marshal of the carabinieri and two police agents.
As Sandro and Claudia come rushing down over the rocks, Claudia suddenly stops and lags behind so as not to arrive on the beach simultaneously with Sandro.
But seeing Patrizia and Raimondo approaching, he suddenly stops.
Claudia is nonplussed and almost petrified with fear.
But the intensity in Claudia's look, mixed with fear and desire, is so overpowering that Sandro takes her in his arms and kisses her.
Suddenly, she stands up and goes into the corridor.
Sandro tries to grab her in his arms, but Claudia pushes him away, almost with a sense of violence, as though she were afraid she might change her mind once in his arms.
Now, with all this talk about Sandro, the sense of relaxation Claudia had felt upon her arrival, has changed into a feeling of anxiety that becomes more and more noticeable.
Remarks and comments are heard above the noise.
It is a picture of a nude woman; a shapely figure, slightly plump, in the manner of Renoir.
She suddenly stops reading and turns toward Sandro.
Suddenly, Sandro takes Claudia by the hand.
Suddenly, feeling himself being stared at, Sandro turns towards Claudia.
And only then do Sandro and Claudia become aware that the silence around them is an unnatural one, that the doors and the windows of all the houses in the town are tightly shut.
Huddled close to each other, Claudia and Sandro are asleep on the grass.
A cold shiver runs down her back and she quickly comes to her feet.
Suddenly the sound of a shutter being lowered directly behind her causes her to start and turn around.
In that total solitude, the doorway of the hotel emerges like the mouth of some dark and fearful cavern, so much so that Claudia is unable to keep her eyes fixed upon that spot.
Suddenly, she wheels about, having heard Sandro enter.
Throwing away his cigarette, he comes up to her, all nervous and excited, and they both step out into the street.
Suddenly, up from the street comes the sound of music.
Beyond these steps is a small dead-end street that runs up against the faade of a large and magnificent old building.
Sandro goes down the flight of steps and approaches the door of the old building which is closed.
Claudia is clearly intrigued by everything she sees: the surroundings, the people, etc. Sandro approaches the reception desk as Claudia walks slightly ahead, anxious to see what is going on.
Suddenly, Claudia stops.
But all of a sudden, Claudia becomes aware of something moving on a sofa at the far end of the room.
The young man's throat is dry; he's sweating bullets.
Christy, clearly terrified, is walking quickly away from Vince's office.
Joey suddenly flies into the bin.
As Christy looks around the lobby, various religious artifacts loom at her; we see them from her terrified P0V.
Mother Superior is in total command of all she surveys, and she seldom raises her voice or her blood pressure as she rules.
The thought of being left alone with Mother Superior panics Christy, like a child left in the principal's office.
Christy is fast asleep.
Christy stares at the loom; a look of horror crosses her face.
A.)on her hands and knees.
Reluctantly, Christy rises and approaches the door.
One of the drug dealers stands outside the crack house as a car suddenly pulls up to the curb.
The picture suddenly becomes GRAINY, and we hear the voice of a NEWS REPORTER.
Shocked and terrified, Christy struggles to free herself, but is suddenly relieved to see that her abductor is Eddie.
Everyone's attention suddenly turns to Bishop O'Hara as he approaches.
The kitchen is dark, lit only by a flickering candle carried by Christy.
After a few steps, Eddie suddenly looks disturbed.
Several members of the choir rush into the room with panic in their eyes.
She fondles her rosary beads, and sinks to her knees.
Mary Robert stands alone in front of the cathedral, wringing her hands with worry.
Christy suddenly lifts her knee into Willy's groin, and he buckles over.
Mother Superior suddenly steps forward.
There is a pause, as the Manager stares at the nuns in horror.
Christy suddenly drops to her knees and begins to pray.
Trapped for a moment, she has panic in her eyes.
One window, dark and quiet on the third floor, catches his gaze.
Simon's sunglassed eyes look up suddenly, his body stifffening.
Simon manages a grip on the gargoyle's face and POUNDS the back of his skull against the wall.
A mortuary.
The rooms are dark but for one.
Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
It's part of the school building long abandoned.
Finished, he sets the ancient bible down, turns off the gooseneck, and leans back in his chair, alone in the dark.
A coyote has crept up onto a near ledge.
Watching her.
The boy, still standing beside her, begins to look nervous.
Is the abandoned, decayed part of the building.
Suddenly Thomas breaks back, intercepts the ball, and drives against Player #2.
That buzz.
Hustling the last one up the stairs, she pauses suddenly.
Twinkling lights in a cold, dark embrace.
Gabriel suddenly freezes.
Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet.
Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers spread, claw-like.
Asleep, sweaty, shivering, Mary suddenly opens her eyes.
And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon's chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart.
She stops.
As she feels it's gaze a shadow suddenly crosses her shoulder.
Katherine turns quickly but only barely catches, out of the corner of her eye, a glimpse of something very large.
It's only past the final door, into the smallest corner of the building, that the walls become clean and brightly painted by eager third graders.
The creepy silence transforms itself into the giggles of children as they bang open the classroom door and whoop themselves outside for recess.
Up the crumbly embankment, sitting perched on the roof of an abandoned house, is Gabriel.
Brutal.
Impenetrably dark.
And he walks out, leaving Thomas alone in a place gone suddenly cold.
The same cold, creepy air about him.
The shriek of ghosts under his breath.
It worries Katherine.
The atmosphere becomes close and creepy.
They follow the light to the gap in the rock, gingerly stepping into -- That could easily belong to a bum.
But once they step into the room, into the lair, it suddenly jumps in volume.
Thomas, fighting the insanity pounding at him, crawls pathetically across the floor to the oil lamp.
Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard against the chest, forcing him off.
The slugs RIP into Jerry's chest and knock him to his knees.
Katherine rushes to Thomas, who's pulled himself up to his knees, a ragged slice above his eye bleeding badly.
Again, the pain.
There are eyes in this winged head, but blood chilling ones of putrid yellow.
There are endless scars and shapes and wrinkles, but mostly, only, there are the eyes.
Katherine lays her head on Thomas's shoulder, and as darkness swallows them he holds her.
With the ease of a spider he slides down and beside John.
She begins to choke, to cough, then suddenly sits up and opens her eyes.
Katherine's head is still on Thomas's shoulder, the two of them asleep sitting against the wall.
Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloak.
He downs the shake in one belt.
Thomas's eyes are wild with fear.
He staggers to his knees and begins to run.
Gagging and weeping in blank shock, he crawls on his hands and knees as Rachael OPENS UP his arm from shoulder to elbow with her nails.
A claw.
As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm into Gabriel's chest.
Bleeding to death is a real possibility for him.
Chasing the night and its fears away under the punishing glare of noon.
Beat.
Claire traces a finger along a small but noticeable SCAR above her left eye, then slowly drops the hand to her cheek, as if confirming her existence.
Suddenly, the SOUND OF A WOMAN WAILING can be heard.
They stop.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She stops.
But the whispering has suddenly stopped.
She suddenly has a thought and disappears into the kitchen.
Cooper suddenly bolts down the hall.
She attacks the transition again, and again falters.
Beat.
Suddenly, THE CANDLE FLARES.
There's a dangerous energy to her walk.
Beat.
Claire's still in the dark.
Suddenly, her head droops over, she shudders softly.
Beat.
Beat.
Worried, she heads upstairs.
ANGLE - CLAIRE... her face a mask of terror.
Suddenly, she's released.
Claire places the roses in a vase on Norman's desk, and in doing so, accidentally knocks it over.
Suddenly her eye stops on a small silver bracelet with an intricate ROSEBUD.
Norman walks through the darkened house into the moonlit room.
Two rings, then: Claire's eyes widen in terror.
Suddenly, A HAND WITH A WASHCLOTH IS THRUST OVER HER FACE.
Claire is pulling herself down the stairs, moaning in terror.
He sees the necklace on her neck.
When his hands close on the clasp, his face suddenly goes slack.
Claire somehow manages to work a toe into the plug chain and yank it free.
Claire races over to the Volvo, which is blocked by NORMAN'S PICKUP, the dark hulk of THE SAILBOAT on a trailer behind it.
Shivering with cold and adrenalin, she tries to work the ancient heater.
Suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trailer.
It bursts inward and Mrs. Watchett, her hair flying, dashes down the steps panic-stricken into the room.
Here he stops.
In the f.g., Bridewell who has been sitting with a glazed, dreamy look, suddenly jumps.
(NOTE:  The house is situated upon a site with Suddenly the SOUND OF AN APPROACHING ENGINE catches his attention.
Drivers leave their cars of the period in disorder.
Alarmed, he runs across the street directly in the path of the ambulance that threads its way between the cars left in disorder on the road.
Suddenly there is a BLINDING FLASH.
The Time Machine is shaken violently, but the Time Traveller manages to crawl into it.
The CAMERA SCARES BACK.
A white light from above begins to permeate the dark- ness.
THERE IS A CRASH LIKE THUNDER and the Time Machine suddenly goes into a spin.
He shakes the cobwebs out of his head and, FOLLOWED BY THE CAMERA, rises with difficulty.
The apprehension mounts into tension and gradually but inevitably approaches the state of horror that a human being would experience in a strange place where he had just come from an innocent freshly set table of ripe fruits and stepped outside into a beautiful but weird vacuum.
Suddenly he stops as he distinctly hears a familar and quite HUMAN combination of NOISES.
The Time Traveller is suddenly struck by the truth of her words.
The stick now writes in the dust: " E L O I " A shadow crosses her face.
Suddenly she springs to her feet, concerned.
He is appalled.
The moving shadow of the Time Traveller reveals her pale face, with closed eyes, wearing an expression of helpless terror.
A look of fear comes into her eyes.
Weena looks up at him, her fears dwindling, find- ing comfort in this strange being whom she cannot understand.
Then she glances high into the dark sky and the old fear returns.
The fear paralyzes her.
She looks up, her eyes no longer showing fear.
He shakes her off.
An expression of fear comes slowly over her face as the LOW SIREN is joined by ANOTHER of HIGHER PITCH.
He looks up, concerned, pausing in his descent.
As the THIRD DISCORDANT BLAST joins the other two, Weena's fear is gone.
The ceasing of the sirens seems to have released them from their hypnotic spell and now, awake again and frightened, they are retreating.
Behind him, across the cavern, an indistinct figure watches, but quickly disappears as the T.T. strikes a match.
The sight that the T.T. beholds fills him with revulsion and horror.
His features twisted in horror in the flickering light of his match.
T. turns and as he leaves this chamber of horror, the rock behind him comes to life.
Where other Morlocks with CRACKING WHIPS herd the Eloi into the chamber of horrors.
Suddenly a long lash of a whip strikes like a serpent and coils about the T.T.'s neck.
Another whip scares Weena into the chamber of horrors, while several other whips land on the T.T.'s shoulders.
The T.T., wielding the whip fiercely, drives the Morlocks back several paces, then suddenly from above a pale body of a Morlock lands on him, knocking him down, causing him to drop the whip.
He crawls in pain into the chamber of horrors.
Then suddenly the T.T. pulls out his matchbox from his pocket.
The Eloi huddle against the wall in terror as other Morlocks gain courage and move forward toward the T.T.
She screams and jumps back, watching in terror, as the Morlock comes toward her.
Morlocks come in after fleeing Eloi, shielding their eyes from the light of the Time Traveller's torch.
Here they stop.
Weena, seeing the panels close, runs up to them and POUNDS her fists vainly on the metal doors.
Suddenly, a gloomy shade falls over the instruments, followed by a burst of whirling smoke and the twinkling red light of fire.
He steps into the house.
Suddenly a clock from the neighboring room CHIMES ONCE.
As Ben considers the driverless boat...  Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something below.
The arm stops and suddenly the tray of sand shakes, dropping through holes in the bottom to reveal an object the size of a person's fist.
Paul draws a long, nervous breath and looks at Amanda.
He's wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's staring at you or fast asleep.
Calling back from the cockpit...  Suddenly Grant spots...
He pales.
Amanda turns away in horror.
Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side.
Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air.
Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP as the giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mere inches from his face.
Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in horror as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinosaurus latches onto its throat.
Mindful of Grant's warnings, they move quickly and quietly.
A beat.
Now the camera penetrates the jungle canopy and the picture and sound become complete chaos: SCREAMS from the both, branches BREAKING, flashes of Ben and Eric's frightened faces as the camera is buffeted in all directions.
She SCREAMS.
A beat.
They walk through an overgrown parking lot, littered with abandoned vehicles.
Sudden FLAPPING.
It is an eerie, haunted place.
Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the lobby's dirty windows with terrifying speed.
She SCREAMS.
Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up.
Responding to the growls, a herd of grazing HADROSAURS suddenly flees across the open space.
Suddenly, one of the raptors SLASHES at him again.
The feasting raptors look up, listening, then suddenly run off into the dark jungle.
As terrified as he is, he can't help but be fascinated by their communication.
Up in the tree, Grant's eyes immediately burn from the vapor He squints to see through the fog, where he spots at the edge of the smoke Grant half-climbs, half-falls out of the tree, rushing to get through the heaviest of the smoke.
Suddenly, one of the creatures is attacked by another.
They're a thousand emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, overjoyed.
Paul Kirby watches in stunned, abject horror as the Pteranodon carries Eric directly overhead -- The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight.
He suddenly realizes what Billy is about to do.
Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
Suddenly, CRASH LANDS on the catwalk enclosure about them -- right next to a gaping hole in the mesh.
Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak.
All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus to leap out at any moment.
Spinosaurus pushes past the boat.
He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before.
And suddenly the raptors attack.
It's a gorgeous and terrifying sight.
Terrified, the Costa Rican CHOPPER PILOT veers away, but the pteranodons are already on him.
The helicopter suddenly tips, falling, SMASHING into the trees with a massive fireball.
The pteranodon goes to bite him again, but finds it head caught between the rungs.
It also reels in the pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dangerous.
A neon drive-in casts long shadows across a vast parking lot as the sun drops behind a distant hill.
Curt doesn't move, as if afraid of scaring her away.
Suddenly, a car horn honks next to them.
Terry tries to escape, but in his panic the engine dies.
Terry begins to get worried as the salesman begins to fondle his new Chevy.
He becomes frightened as the salesman attempts to drag him over to one of the 'Vettes.
Suddenly, there's a rumbling noise as the pipes break and water gushes over the floor.
Panic!
John shakes his head no.
Terry gets a little nervous.
A record needle scratches and "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" blares out as Steve and Laurie dance alone in the middle of the floor.
He moans.
Suddenly she puts her hand on his leg.
Suddenly, a rough- looking face, belonging to Vic Lozier, pops in her window.
Suddenly, he sees something--the T-bird going the other way down the street.
He looks a little concerned and starts the coupe.
Suddenly, there's a gunshot!
Ants (a tall, ghoulish-looking kid who probably got his name from the scar across his face which has recently been stitched to look like a party of ants marching across his cheek.)
The radio blares "Ain't that a Shame?" as Curt sits in the back seat of the car looking very nervous.
Suddenly, she grabs him and pulls him down on top of herself.
Ants is sitting in a "Rocket to the Moon" ride, pounding on it unsuccessfully when suddenly it starts.
Inside the small office, Curt shakes hands with Hank Anderson, who pats him on the shoulder.
They start walking faster, anxious to get away.
Suddenly, a beam from a flashlight plays across the trunk.
He suddenly jumps with a start.
Carol looks scared and grabs onto the dash.
Curt ties the cable to a post and then, looking scared, crawls under the police car with the cable.
Everything is dark and quiet as the adult population sleeps through the night.
The yellow deuce coupe roars off down the dark street.
She jumps out of the car and runs up the walk to the house.
He can only moan.
Steve shakes his head no.
A little scared, he goes inside and closes the door.
She looks determined not to seem as scared as she really is.
Laurie looks scared now.
Terry looks nervous, the engines start to scream and Terry, his hands shaking on the flashlight, manages to flash it on.
Inside Falfa's car, Laurie looks scared to death.
The crash car is beginning to burn in the engine compartment and John is panicked.
Then, panicked, he jumps from the car and rushes to the booth.
Then the plane's shadow ripples over the car and it, too, is gone.
A beat.
Roberta looks scared shitless.
A beat.
We see relief -- and fear -- in Roberta's face.
The students stare at her, afraid of her now.
He has a serious expression and a scar on his left cheek.
Roberta's scared -- so she keeps talking, as if it's not really happening.
She suddenly remembers where she is, and quickly looks at the clock.
HOLD ON ROBERTA, looking hurt and frightened.
She turns back to Nick who looks worried.
Janet rushes through the throngs while Roberta tries to keep up.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
One of the buildings on the street is burned out, missing a front door.
A beat.
Roberta looks at him, concerned that he's not responding to her news.
A beat.
A beat.
They finish and stare at her, afraid of her response.
The boy nervously shakes his head no.
A beat.
You can see on her face that she's dreading the emptiness.
Roberta gets up and warily approaches the door.
This is making her nervous.
She looks at him, afraid of what he might be saying.
The anger drains out of her as she suddenly sees what this is all about.
He's fast asleep.
She crosses to Ernie and shakes him.
The boys look frightened, but Roberta's on a mission.
Roberta climbs the dimly-lit stairs of a dilapidated, scary building.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a bicycle.
LEONARD, a scrawny white boy takes his letter, scared by it.
Concepcion shakes her head no.
A beat.
Roberta crosses into the kitchen and returns with a cutting board and a knife.
A beat.
We realize from the scar that one is NAEEM (20.), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.
A beat.
It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a stage door opening.
Roberta pours nervous energy into her cappuccino, adding cinnamon, chocolate, and sugar, stirring loudly.
Janet looks at her, concerned.
A beat.
Roberta talks to Janet with a worried expression.
Butt-Kong to Butt-Head asleep on the couch with Beavis shaking him.
Butt-Head is dead asleep on the couch.
Beavis shakes him.
Punks run in fear.
Another tosses a knife.
Butt-Head approaches them.
She SPANKS him.
Suddenly Martha buckles Beavis' belt.
Beavis goes white with fear.
The plane starts to shake.
Beavis starts to freak.
ON PEOPLE seeing Butt-Head flying, screaming in panic.
The guy's asleep.
The people are white with fear, some covered with flecks of spilled food and other matter.
Butt-Head approaches a door next to the bed.
Suddenly, the door opens.
The place is being surrounded by police and plain black cars.
They're in shock.
They walk away, not seeing that behind them, B&B approach the control room door.
Suddenly the lights blink on and off.
Machinery stops suddenly and large support beams break.
A disaster.
Disaster.
He guns it.
Suddenly dozens of A.T.F.
People are in a panic.
BEAVIS' P.O.V. OF BUTT-HEAD: His face starts to warp and colors start shifting.
Suddenly, it pops open.
They gasp.
Isolated.
Beavis is starting to SHAKE AND MAKE STRANGE NOISES.
He looks up, suddenly seeing: DOZENS OF A.T.F.
Suddenly, dozens of agents surround him, pointing guns at him.
He continues to babble, making the agents nervous.
As before, the flight crew stares in horror and silence as B&B deplane.
His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep.
Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, but is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain in her stomach.
Suddenly, Gideon's rooster starts to CROW.
Suddenly, the chickens start to run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in.
She shakes out a rug.
The SOUND of the trumpet frightens Skip's birds.
Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint from time to time.
Hattie has a series of squinting attacks.
His head is resting on his chest.
His racking COUGH is frightening.
Hattie has started her nervous twitch again.
Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding up one of the twins, Loviray.
The sound of his voice frightens her.
The noise of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet next door drown out Suzie's voice.
Gideon is asleep.
Gideon has dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged considerably.
She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark.
Linda's eye is still swollen.
Gideon is asleep.
Two shadows on the wall are facing each other.
Gideon is sound asleep.
Harry picks up the knife.
The knife falls out.
Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitchen and rush to see what is going on.
Everything is wet from the night's rain.
Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and starts to CROW.
Rhonda is asleep in a chair.
The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly.
BLACKNESS.
Jerry flees.
Estelle stares in horror.
The trailer shakes from the two adults flogging the mattress in the back.
Nick moves up, lubricating her arms, shoulders and neck.
Nick approaches the shower building.
Suddenly the door opens.
A beat.
The dog shakes the scrotum in his jaws.
In Nick's eyes the fear of a sentence worse than death.
BLACKNESS.
Beat.
He shakes it.
She stalks off.
The trailer clips the corner of the house.
Nick takes a moment to watch in horror as dark plumes of smoke billow into the sky, the geyser of water, the storm of dazed chickens.
Nick suddenly brightens.
Vijay sits and shakes their hands.
The figure falls into the surf and the crowd of watching BIKINI-CLAD GIRLS gasp in horror.
The car pulls to a stop in the parking lot, the school looming beyond, slightly obfuscated by a light drizzle.
Beat.
Beat.
Nick enters the dark room to the sound of the bed squeaking.
The door to the room slams open and they are suddenly backlit by the harsh beam of the matron's flashlight.
Nick shivers in his underwear.
A beat.
He scurries into the house.
Then - We're off and running through the woods, trying to keep up with Nick as he flees.
Suddenly we hear a double SONIC BOOM.
The ship suddenly SHAKES.
Soran's eyes are suddenly wild, crazed.
Suddenly a com voice interrupts.
There is a sudden banging from the far corner of the room.
Soran has not aged at all over the years but he does have a permanent scar on his face from the earlier wound.
Beat.
The men shake hands and Picard sits down.
FOLLOW Soran across Ten Forward... until he suddenly stops in shock at something he sees... of Guinan, who is now back at the bar.
She shakes off the feeling and goes back to work.
Geordi suddenly stops in front of what appears to be a standard bulkhead.
Data suddenly start LAUGHING.
He whirls around and points a phaser at Data, who suddenly looks fearful.
A shadow crosses his face.
Suddenly, a BLINDING BURST OF LIGHT  from outside the windows washes into the room.
Data is huddled in a corner of the room, cowering in fear.
B'Etor grabs Soran and holds a wicked-looking knife to his throat.
Soran is unfazed by this threat.
She hits a control and suddenly Guinan's face appears on the screen.
Geordi moves his hand to the spot, but then the protrusion is suddenly gone.
Suddenly Geordi grabs his chest in pain.
He suddenly has a horrible realization.
On the display, the Veridian star suddenly DARKENS and GOES OUT.
Picard eyes the graphic with a sense of dread.
Suddenly, Crusher's face looms large in the picture, as if she's leaning over Geordi.
as he reacts to the terrifying image.
He gets a couple of levels up, and then suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the face.
There's no where to run...  as the RIBBON OF ENERGY TEARS ACROSS THE SCENE IN A WASHED OUT BY A BLINDING FLOOD OF RED LIGHT... Then suddenly the Ribbon is GONE...  and so are Picard and Soran.
reacts.
A beat.
We can see on his face that something is very wrong.
Suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the head.
who is attacking Soran in Picard's place.
Suddenly the probe CLOAKS.
Soran watches in horror as the probe crashes harmlessly into the distant jungle.
Harlan is hauling Thelma out the door into the parking lot.
Thelma shakes her head no.
We hear his body HIT the gravel parking lot.
The car behind him is splattered with blood.
She hangs up on him.
Thelma shakes her head "no."
He stops.
Louise pulls out of the parking lot onto the road.
Suddenly she reaches over and locks her door.
Hal's unmarked detective car pulls up in front of Thelma's house.
Louise, Thelma, and J.D. pull into the motel parking lot.
He drops it in.
J.D. attacks her again.
He stops her, suddenly.
Louise shakes her head no.
He watches them.
Louise is looking a little nervous.
The car is flying down the road.
Thelma is asleep.
He drops it.
The car is still flying down the road.
Police Bulletin VOICE OVER BEGINS AND PLAYS OVER following scenes: A police helicopter flies over the burning wreckage of the fuel truck.
Thelma sits up suddenly.
She looks scared.
A steady stream of state police cars pulls out of the parking lot with lights flashing while other policemen are running to their cars still parked in the lot.
They both scream.
A huge cloud of dust blows across the road as he approaches the intersection.
ANOTHER ANGLE as police car #1 and police car #2 both pull back onto the road right next to each other.
The dust from the cars is blowing across them.
fearful, nervous, poised on one ring.
The character speaks: The new captive looks up, nervous.
He stops.
reacting.
He stares at the warning.
reacting in fear, looking up as the screen GOES TO BLACK.
Flynn settles into a chair; Alan leans against a game, nervous; Lora paces.
We see a human figure falling feet first down this tunnel from the outside, and suddenly we're at the bottom, and the figure stops, staggering from the force of the fall, but upright.
turning towards Flynn as he hears this noise.
Sark is staring up at the screen, frowning, nervous, frightened of this new User-warrior.
He looks over at Crom, who's anxious.
Suddenly a voice rings out from above.
The sound of GUARDS' running feet approaching their cells.
Suddenly, we hear a RUMBLING SOUND.
Suddenly Ram's fading glow begins to flow through their clasped hands into Flynn.
Horrified, Flynn tries to pull away, but Ram holds him fast.
Flynn watches in horror, frantically trying to reverse the flow, but it's too late.
There's a NOISE from above, and Tron looks up.
This is the building Tron was eyeing when we left him.
Tron pulls her close to him, sliding his hand up her arm, leaving a glowing trace, and her hands move up over his chest.
Flynn suddenly drops down to the floor.
His hands start to shake with the force of the communication beam, and suddenly the disk is ripped from his hands, to rise, glowing brilliantly, upwards to the source of the light.
He stops.
We can see Tron's back as he hears a noise.
He grabs her shoulder, pulling her against him...  they have to shout to be heard above the noise of the increasing beam.
Suddenly his whole body glows with the same intensity as the beam.
Suddenly another beam blasts out from his arm.
We can see Yori's anxious face to one side.
He faints.
Hanging onto a wall, he starts pulling his feet up to gain a precarious foothold.
Suddenly, a stronger LIGHT flashes on in the cell, the door opens, and we see Sark standing there, framed in the cell door.
Suddenly his hand goes right through the door.
He stops in horror.
Their faces are very close as he stares down, terrified that he is too late to save her.
Suddenly her eyes widen as her form returns to solidarity, and color floods back into her.
It wavers.
He hears a NOISE and turns...  and in a flash of light a speeding disk smashes into him, knocking him over.
It's horrible.
about to fire again.
Suddenly there is an explosion of static, as Flynn falls into the MCP.
He studies his hands -- and SEES that they're now nonluminescent flesh and blood.
PAN BACK TO Troy, faces the CAMERA, CLOSE, scared, then turns back to the dune and runs a few yards.
on the front of a Bradley pushes sand right TOWARD THE CAMERA DOLLY INTO five terrified Iraqis, eyes open with fear, as the sand rolls over them.
Vig drives as the Humvee speeds around the town square, zooming past scared Shiites in black robes, a few skinny dogs, a few bewildered Iraqi soldiers.
Iraqi soldiers look scared as the Humvee drives up, like it's going to hit them, and stops, flag fluttering in the breeze.
Five IRAQI SOLDIERS look disoriented and scared as they hold their hands up in the air.
Vig looks terrified as the crowd scatters, leaving him alone as he points his big unloaded pistol.
He lies down and breathes heavily with a hand on his chest.
An IRAQI SOLDIER steps into the corridor at the far end, sees Archie coming, looks terrified, and runs back.
Archie and Troy run right past the scared Iraqi.
Troy heads him off with his pistol -- The other rifle-loader stands looking scared.
The naked Shiite in glasses shakes.
Vig looks horrified as he watches.
Troy and Doc look nervous.
A cuffed Iraqi Guard kneels with a bleeding head.
CLOSE UP: BLOOD on the Iraqi Soldier's knuckles and wrists.
The soldier chases them with a knife and jabs at the man, cutting him, but not lethally.
The soldier drops the knife in the dirt.
Troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the Iraqi soldiers, who point their rifles back at Troy and Doc.
He looks terrified as his thumbs twitch on the triggers.
Ending on Troy wincing as he holds his chest.
A spider runs across it and gets stuck.
Vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining Iraqi soldiers who stand over eight terrified Shiites.
The soldiers get on their knees, pleading for mercy.
Suddenly, THE SOUND of an APPROACHING TANK.
Vig looks terrified as he drives.
A GUNSHOT RINGS OUT, a soldier is hit in the arm.
A Black Robed Figure walks right past Archie, takes a scared Shiite man by the arm and leads him to the side.
Chaos.
He screams at Vig, who looks scared.
The White Assistant shakes his head 'NO.'
They shake.
Suddenly Vig's pistol FIRES.
Vig looks scared as he drives the Infiniti straight toward the bunker.
They go to the rear door, pile up in the dark, pushing.
He approaches and kicks it repeatedly, without success.
Archie kicks in a door -- it is pitch black -- an emergency light flickers on and off -- revealing the two Iraqi torturers at the control table, where one tries to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- In flickering light -- Archie SHOOTS one Iraqi guard squarely in the chest, then the other -- the only SOUND IS THE GUN POPPING and the BULLETS TEARING into their bodies.
Vig gropes the sand for his glasses, crawling on his hands and knees with the dead Shiite on his back.
Archie cuts the fuse on the ball with his knife.
Troy and Doc look terrified.
Suddenly a RIFLE SHOT RINGS OUT, Troy jumps.
Doc looks sad and scared as he tries to turns Vig's head to help him breathe.
Huge relief comes over Troy's face as he breathes normally.
He is sweating with a fever and his arm hurts.
PAN TO - Troy suddenly drops to one knee.
Elsa suddenly slips.
A sleepy Kristoff and Sven travel alone through the dark woods.
Down below, the King holds a frightened Elsa.
Suddenly, a bunch of rocks tumble down the valley toward them.
In the Northern Lights display, the sharp spikes cause human figures to panic and attack Elsa.
Suddenly, her icy hands freeze the windowsill.
Elsa (now 12.) paces as she panics.
She falls back asleep while sitting.
-She shakes hands with a suit of armor.
Her hands shake.
Anna sees Hans's worried face.
Elsa gasps, spins around and reaches for the glove in panic.
GASPS of shock and fear sweep over the crowd.
The crowd panics.
Elsa flees.
The front door suddenly blows open and in walks a mass of a man covered in ice.
Sven suddenly stops, ears perked in alarm.
Kristoff stands, looks into the dark woods surrounding them.
Suddenly, he starts to slip.
Suddenly, a voice comes in from nowhere.
He suddenly looks up at Anna.
Anxiety runs high amongst the villagers and guests.
Suddenly they hear the alarmed whinny of Anna's horse.
Her muscles shake.
Elsa's fear, so strong, sucks the blizzard back into her and then it bursts out, unwittingly, like a sharp snowflake.
She falls to her knees.
Kristoff sees spiky ice shadows creeping down the walls.
He stops.
Suddenly, Kristoff's head pops up.
Stops.
Suddenly Anna is surrounded by trolls.
Anna shivers again, collapsing into Kristoff's arms.
Elsa flees to the top floor of her palace.
In two swift moves, Elsa traps one thug in a cage of spikes that threaten his neck.
She sees the men, frightened, moments from death.
She stops.
Elsa looks to Hans, overwhelmed, frightened.
Elsa looks to the storm with worry.
Anna shivers in Kristoff's arms.
Kristoff stands there with Sven for a beat, staring with worry at the closed gates.
He rubs his arms and shivers.
Elsa looks out at the storm that is devastating Arendelle, then hears the guards approaching.
They crack.
Anna shivers by the door.
The door handle suddenly jiggles.
Stops.
He panics, pushes the snow back in place.
Suddenly, the window blows open, cold wind sweeps in.
But they fight through.
He goes swirling off into the storm.
Suddenly, a mangled ship, risen by ice, capsizes   over them.
She clutches her chest.
But then he hears a faint-- Elsa struggles through her own storm, but the fear is consuming her.
A dark shadow approaches.
And with that, the swirling storm suddenly stops.
The mood is suddenly fast and urgent as a gurney is wheeled rapidly through the doors.
Suddenly, the conversation is interrupted by a shatteringly loud SCREAM, agonized and terrified, coming from the ER.
And freezes in terrified shock.
It's him that's screaming.
Fear has entered her life.
It is unclear due to distance but there is a lot of blood on the Soldier's body and uniform.
A huge FLAME leaps out of the lighter, producing an instant of terror from Terri.
Then it gets wierder; the blood suddenly dissipates into six or seven little rivulets that begin to run down the pillar.
They all culminate at the point of Pinhead's chin - and then separate again, running over his frozen black face along the carved scar lines that make a matrix across his features.
Terri shrugs, gives a nervous smile.
The daylight street is still creepy but in a different way; No bums, no trash-can fires, nothing.
A sudden silence.
Suddenly, the dust around the box begins to move as if blown by an invisible wind.
Couples neck in shadowed corners.
Suddenly, horribly, the monster's eyes fly open and his frozen face stares down at the lovers.
A beat.
Suddenly - BAM! BIG SCARE MOMENT! - two blackened arms fly out from the center of the pillar and grab Sandy's gesturing arms.
Sandy screams in mortal terror.
He backs away to the opposite wall, face shocked, scared shitless.
JP flattened against the far wall, watches in horror as Sandy, held tight against the pillar, suffers a horrible death: Sandy's life-force is sucked from her.  Drawn into the pillar.
The wind keeps blowing through the room.
Suddenly ....  BRRRRRRRRR ... the phone rings.
Suddenly, one - and only one - of the monitors suffers a WHITE Joey glances up at the one ghosting monitor, puzzled - and then freezes in shock.
A noise begins to be heard OFF.
Fear vies with fascination in Joey's expression.
Vulnerable.
Terri flings herself backward, screaming in shock and fear.
Terri - safely feet away from the pillar - stands, shaking and breathless, eyes wide in horror and shock as she stares at this creature from nightmare.
And JP finally - for one brief second of terrifying clarity - realizes what's happening.
But she backs off slowly, sensuously, like an eager but nervous virgin bride ready for her groom.
Joey shrinks back in nervous shock at this direct address.
And gasps.
A beat.
Is it a bomb?
Is it a street-gang attack?
Slow.
Pinhead surveys the scene before him and the terrified and awe- struck crowd look back at him.
He looks at the terrified humans.
Joey raises her head, bleary-eyed, and glances round the room trying to locate the source of the noise that has woken her.
CLOSE on Joey's face as she reacts in horror to what she is seeing.
Joey's eyes widen in horror as she speaks uselessly to the screen.
Joey has her hands at her mouth in horror.
CLOSE on a terrified face.
Well, that's enough of a direct threat for any officer of the law.
The cops turn, terrified, to look back.
Elder Cop stares in terror at his partner's fate.
His eyes show terror.
The fear in his eyes increases.
The chain pulls taut and then suddenly retracts into the darkness, hauling the Cop off his feet and dragging him along the alley into the blackness.
And pulls to a horrified stop.
It's on fire.
Suddenly, a CREAKING noise from behind her.
The mood is suddenly different after the frenzied drive across town.
Her manner makes the mood suddenly creepy.
Her eyes stare in horror as it ascends through the air.
Pinhead starts across the room.
Suddenly, a khaki-uniformed arm moves into shot and grasps Pinhead's hand, arm-wrestling style.
Shooting up from within and hooking themselves cruelly into the Officer's face and chest.
He's now a CENOBITE - blue-skinned, scarred, mutilated, and decorated with metal and leather.
Terri howls in terror, throws her hands to her face ...  and the Box flies from her hands.
A monster.
Her panic intensifies as we hear another CLICK and the water pressure increases.
Catherine shakes her head no.
The corridors are dark and most everyone has gone home.
Arms flailing, mouth gasping, eyes filled with dread.
The driver JUMPS, startled and frightened.
Novak looks into the dead white eyes of Anne Vicksey, trying to imagine the horrors she beheld.
She rolls down her window and can hear the poor thing whimpering.
Gravely concerned, Ramsey moves across the room.
She glimpses herself in the mirror and is startled by what she sees - a terrified girl.
Agent Stockwell turns to a worried Novak.
As a nervous NURSE exits, we see TWO POLICEMEN standing guard in the outer hallway.
Novak's worry intensifies.
Edward is frightened by what's happening and runs away.
The STAFF watches with a mixture of fear and curiosity as a stretcher bearing the catatonic Stargher is wheeled FAST through the corridors by an FBI escort team.
Miriam needs a moment to fully take in the scars.
She sits up, shivering, and breathes deeply, acclimating to her surroundings.
The frightened child retreats into a corner of the claustrophobic room, but the horse does not startle.
She runs, climbs and crawls.
She retreats into shadow, hiding.
Ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appears to "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets Catherine in the shadows, and ATTACKS!
And sees the terrifying face of STARGHER.
A worried Novak searches the halls of the Campbell Center.
This is difficult for her.
She prods him.
As the agent brings the frightened animal into the monitoring area, Catherine and Valentine share a moment of "connection."
Young Stargher is at the sink WASHING DISHES, an anxious eye on the clock.
The boy's eyes fill with dread.
FROM WITHIN THE CLOSET, she watches the terrified child through a CRACK in the door.
Young Stargher backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
Terrified, she shakes her head "no."
The poor boy trembles with fear.
She again hears the WEIRD NOISE.
Catherine backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
A wave of fear, of impending doom, overtakes Catherine.
CLOUDS hover above a dark, gloomy landscape dotted with hills.
And Novak crawls into darkness.
THING THROUGH HIS THROAT!
He so desperately wants her affection, but fear prevents him from reaching out to her.
Scared, he shakes his head "no."
Terrified, the boy searches for a place to hide.
And she is haunted by the sight of a frightened child in the arms of a monster...  Henry notices significant activity on the monitors.
Pale and sweating, he winces as his stomach agonizingly cramps.
Panicked, he scrambles to shore and pulls himself to land.
Shivering, he hunches down, eyes darting this way and that.
Young Stargher's eyes open wide with silent terror.
Over his shoulder, she sees a SNAKE slither through the pool.
For a moment, Catherine appears frightened and intimidated.
She SLASHES across his chest, drawing blood.
Dead.
And there it is: The abandoned farmhouse!
And disappears.
CRACK!
CRASH!
IN THE KITCHEN, Miriam packs up her stethoscope and blood pressure monitor, moves into the living room as Dorothy falls asleep in a field of poppies...  Catherine nods, but she's more interested in the movie.
He mumbles in smothered terror; he twitches.
William wants to run, but he can't get his body to respond... and the hanging nobleman, his bloated tongue still bursting through his lips, moans...  WILLIAM tears himself from sleep; looking around, swallowing back his tears and panic.
Red-headed CAMPBELL, scarred and missing fingers, is stirred up, while his friend MacCLANNOUGH is reluctant.
William has been awake all night, afraid to sleep.
On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is preparing them.
William moves down to the room where his uncle would be sleeping.
Wind rushes in, blowing out his candle.
William has a bundle of clothes in his lap, and glances at his uncle as if afraid of his disapproval if he looks back.
We are in the -- Longshanks is being listened to by his advisors, all in the outrageous splendor of royal military dress, and all deathly afraid of him.
He looks dangerous.
As they break their embrace, a figure carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken door of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes.
It's the soldier with the scar, the one who's been staring at her.
As the townspeople try to move in the three soldiers waiting their turn at Marion pull their knives, keep them townspeople back.
She shouts to warn him that the scarred soldier, now bloodyfaced, has recovered from the rock and is behind William with a knife.
Marion controls him, but a flap of her ripped dress has caught on a crude nail, and as the frightened horse lunges forward again, she is pulled off its bare back, her dress catching and ripping at the same time, dropping her hard.
We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his horse pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with their eyes white with fear...
The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too.
Wallace's eyes shift, falling on Marion's blood, in a dark dry splash by the wall of the well, the stain dripping down onto the dirt of the street.
The messenger spurs his horse to gallop through -- and is hit in the chest with an axe!
On his FACE as he moves grimly up a dark castle staircase.
lying on his new tartan, in camp, with Hamish shaking him, William's arms clutched empty to his chest.
Wallace and his friends are starting to panic.
Pickering's men panic and run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident by their torches, fell with them in all directions.
Talmadge has begun to panic. the Scots are carving their way through the English soldiers; nothing can stop them.
sees the Scottish nobles attacking.
The English soldiers are in utter panic, running and being cut down on all sides.
Suddenly the men on the other end of the table change their attack.
Suddenly Wallace turns his back and walks toward the door.
It rumbles ominously TOWARD CAMERA...  THE CIVILIAN PANIC CONTINUES as more people join the swell of those leaving York.
Suddenly they look up in horror; the English are throwing the bodies of hanged Scots over the wall.
He approaches the central table with great dread and places the basket on it, uncovering its contents.
Edward rushes toward the window in horror.
Most of those there are shocked.
And as they draw nearer, Wallace hears a haunting noise.
The crossbowmen are distracted from their reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleash the dogs, fear races through the English line.
Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's horse!
He wakes, and listens to a strange noise.
are the assassins, killing knives ready.
Wallace wakes suddenly; sunlight!
He sits by a palace hearth, where a huge blaze burns; still he's huddled beneath a blanket, and coughing blood.
We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the street and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek.
On the platform are a noose, a dissection table with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an enormous axe.
He's just a scared Puerto Rican kid! JOSE immediately rolls over and feigns sleep as SCARFACE, a menacing guard with a jagged scar running down his cheek, looms close to COLE's cage and unlocks it.
A surreal image of abandoned buildings.
A large SPIDER tries to hide from the light.
BLACKNESS.
And it's her beeper that suddenly BEEPS.
The TERRIFIED TRAVELER looks up at YOUNG COLE, makes eye contact, but doesn't speak.
His eyes adjusting to the darkness, COLE watches them exit.
COLE has become preoccupied with a small SPIDER creeping along the window sill.
Grabbing the SPIDER, COLE scrambles back into bed just as the door opens and an ORDERLY probes the dark room with the blade of his flashlight.
He attacks the nearest man.
She looks a little like RAILLY except for the dark hair, the make-up.
The room is dark now, except...  a slide is being projected on a torn screen.
The BRUNETTE runs up the concourse, her back to YOUNG COLE, as frightened PASSENGERS duck for cover, SHOUTING!
The walls of the gloomy chamber are damp, sweating.
DRIZZLING RAIN.
And SCREAMS.
COLE'S in a deep trench, naked, eyes wide with terror.
SUDDENLY, SHOTS RING OUT.
The AUDIENCE gives a nervous CHUCKLE.
RAILLY seems to be alone in the lot as she fishes keys from her purse, unlocks her car door, starts to open it when...  Suddenly, she's grabbed from behind in a choke-hold by a large shadowy MAN looming out of the darkness behind her.
RAILLY freezes, terrified, as he opens the rear door and scrambles in behind her.
RAILLY and COLE both react to the radio, suddenly alert.
RAILLY stares at him, then turns and is looking all around when, suddenly, COLE pulls her up tight and threatens...  ANGLE ON COLE, not listening, staring triumphantly!
RAILLY is considering her surroundings dubiously when, suddenly, COLE pulls her toward the mouth of a dark and forbidding alley.
Zipping his fly hastily, the SECOND THUG turns to deal with COLE but COLE attacks him.... rocking him again and again with savage blows that come one after another with lightning speed.
RAILLY reacts, sudden fear in her eyes.
He looms over her.
Then, suddenly, JEFFREY rushes to COLE and embraces him.
Panic.
Suddenly, he sees what he's looking for.
Disappeared.
Suddenly, the bedside phone RINGS.
CLOSE ON RAILLY, eager, concerned.
A jingling noise up the road.
Suddenly: The door flies open and--BANG!
Beat.
He twists and rears with cuffed hands to plunge the knife into Moon's chest.
Blood spatters Mattie.
Moon has fallen to the floor, knife in chest.
The two horses that are now riderless rear and mill, panicked.
He fires.
They shake.
We are high and close on Rooster, asleep.
She is struck by a worrying thought.
He sloshes suddenly forward, water kicking up before him.
Mattie manages to choke out: Silence.
She claws at it.
We hear the schlick of steel and his hand reappears holding a knife taken from a leg sheath.
Her eyes roll down in their sockets to watch as Chaney regrips the knife and lowers it to her throat, his knuckles whitening with tension.
A beat.
Then, he drops.
The butt-end of a knife juts out.
Mattie screams as the ball of waking snakes quickens.
The body, coming to pieces, slides dustily down into the dark.
It disappears.
Mattie hastily reaches for the root that pins her and in a panic pulls, looking back toward the body.
As the snakes advance to the level of her pinned leg Mattie freezes.
Careful to keep still, eyes on the advancing snakes: More snakes climb onto her.
A large snake is winding onto her shoulder.
She gingerly places a hand for it to coil onto; it does; she holds it at arms length and gently shakes it off.
As he does so: Rooster stoops with the knife and one slice frees the booted foot.
Horrible noises are indeed coming from the horse, but Rooster is grim: He leaves off whipping the horse and takes out his knife.
In the dark, the darker shape of the dead horse, growing smaller.
She appears a little anxious.
Both she and Claudia are petrified and terror-stricken as the curve and the wall loom closer and closer.
With a frightening leap -- and going well over fifty miles an hour -- the car barely makes it over the ditch and right through the opening in the wall.
Claudia is visibly shaken.
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by Sandro's voice shouting "Hello."
Sandro and Anna remain as they are until they are suddenly enveloped by a dark shadow.
It is larger than it previously appeared and casts a long, dark shadow over the yacht.
But Claudia is afraid to dive in while the boat is still in motion, so she turns to the sailor and shouts: The motor is turned off and the yacht soon comes to a halt.
As soon as he hits the water, he starts shivering and exclaims: Then, lowering the mask over his face, he begins to submerge.
Then, immediately, the booming voice of the sailor aboard the yacht sounds out: But Sandro ignores the warning and starts swimming out towards Anna like a demon.
Claudia is stricken with fear, and holds on tight to Giulia.
Anna goes over to the edge of the boat and stands at the head of the little stairway leading down to the water.
Her desire to join him is greater than her fear of the shark, so she looks down at the sailor and asks: Patrizia, instead, turns around and heads back to the cabin.
Breaking the nervous tension that has spread itself throughout the group, a seaman appears with a small basket of frozen peaches brought from the yacht.
Sandro is asleep with his arms folded under his head.
Down at the shore, Giulia is getting ready to step on the gangplank and go aboard the yacht but, anxious about Anna's whereabouts, she changes her mind and turns back.
He is about to head towards them but suddenly realizes that Giulia is following directly behind him.
As he starts to approach it, another stray lamb appears, as if from nowhere, and runs off, frightened by Sandro's approach.
The turn has taken the boat slightly away from Lisca Bianca and they now find themselves closer to the little island of Basiluzzo.
The entire group is once again reunited on the beach, and the impending storm has heightened their fears and anxiety.
They are cold, restless, and exhausted, but profoundly moved and shaken by the reality of Anna's strange disappearance.
Suddenly, footsteps are heard approaching the hut.
Claudia suddenly jumps up and runs out of the hut and into the dark, calling out desperately.
She looks down over the side and quickly withdraws, almost in fear of being sucked down into the swirling waters below.
Stepping ashore are Patrizia, Giulia and Raimondo, followed by a Marshal of the carabinieri and two police agents.
As Sandro and Claudia come rushing down over the rocks, Claudia suddenly stops and lags behind so as not to arrive on the beach simultaneously with Sandro.
But seeing Patrizia and Raimondo approaching, he suddenly stops.
Claudia is nonplussed and almost petrified with fear.
But the intensity in Claudia's look, mixed with fear and desire, is so overpowering that Sandro takes her in his arms and kisses her.
Suddenly, she stands up and goes into the corridor.
Sandro tries to grab her in his arms, but Claudia pushes him away, almost with a sense of violence, as though she were afraid she might change her mind once in his arms.
Now, with all this talk about Sandro, the sense of relaxation Claudia had felt upon her arrival, has changed into a feeling of anxiety that becomes more and more noticeable.
Remarks and comments are heard above the noise.
It is a picture of a nude woman; a shapely figure, slightly plump, in the manner of Renoir.
She suddenly stops reading and turns toward Sandro.
Suddenly, Sandro takes Claudia by the hand.
Suddenly, feeling himself being stared at, Sandro turns towards Claudia.
And only then do Sandro and Claudia become aware that the silence around them is an unnatural one, that the doors and the windows of all the houses in the town are tightly shut.
Huddled close to each other, Claudia and Sandro are asleep on the grass.
A cold shiver runs down her back and she quickly comes to her feet.
Suddenly the sound of a shutter being lowered directly behind her causes her to start and turn around.
In that total solitude, the doorway of the hotel emerges like the mouth of some dark and fearful cavern, so much so that Claudia is unable to keep her eyes fixed upon that spot.
Suddenly, she wheels about, having heard Sandro enter.
Throwing away his cigarette, he comes up to her, all nervous and excited, and they both step out into the street.
Suddenly, up from the street comes the sound of music.
Beyond these steps is a small dead-end street that runs up against the faade of a large and magnificent old building.
Sandro goes down the flight of steps and approaches the door of the old building which is closed.
Claudia is clearly intrigued by everything she sees: the surroundings, the people, etc. Sandro approaches the reception desk as Claudia walks slightly ahead, anxious to see what is going on.
Suddenly, Claudia stops.
But all of a sudden, Claudia becomes aware of something moving on a sofa at the far end of the room.
The young man's throat is dry; he's sweating bullets.
Christy, clearly terrified, is walking quickly away from Vince's office.
Joey suddenly flies into the bin.
As Christy looks around the lobby, various religious artifacts loom at her; we see them from her terrified P0V.
Mother Superior is in total command of all she surveys, and she seldom raises her voice or her blood pressure as she rules.
The thought of being left alone with Mother Superior panics Christy, like a child left in the principal's office.
Christy is fast asleep.
Christy stares at the loom; a look of horror crosses her face.
A.)on her hands and knees.
Reluctantly, Christy rises and approaches the door.
One of the drug dealers stands outside the crack house as a car suddenly pulls up to the curb.
The picture suddenly becomes GRAINY, and we hear the voice of a NEWS REPORTER.
Shocked and terrified, Christy struggles to free herself, but is suddenly relieved to see that her abductor is Eddie.
Everyone's attention suddenly turns to Bishop O'Hara as he approaches.
The kitchen is dark, lit only by a flickering candle carried by Christy.
After a few steps, Eddie suddenly looks disturbed.
Several members of the choir rush into the room with panic in their eyes.
She fondles her rosary beads, and sinks to her knees.
Mary Robert stands alone in front of the cathedral, wringing her hands with worry.
Christy suddenly lifts her knee into Willy's groin, and he buckles over.
Mother Superior suddenly steps forward.
There is a pause, as the Manager stares at the nuns in horror.
Christy suddenly drops to her knees and begins to pray.
Trapped for a moment, she has panic in her eyes.
One window, dark and quiet on the third floor, catches his gaze.
Simon's sunglassed eyes look up suddenly, his body stifffening.
Simon manages a grip on the gargoyle's face and POUNDS the back of his skull against the wall.
A mortuary.
The rooms are dark but for one.
Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
It's part of the school building long abandoned.
Finished, he sets the ancient bible down, turns off the gooseneck, and leans back in his chair, alone in the dark.
A coyote has crept up onto a near ledge.
Watching her.
The boy, still standing beside her, begins to look nervous.
Is the abandoned, decayed part of the building.
Suddenly Thomas breaks back, intercepts the ball, and drives against Player #2.
That buzz.
Hustling the last one up the stairs, she pauses suddenly.
Twinkling lights in a cold, dark embrace.
Gabriel suddenly freezes.
Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet.
Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers spread, claw-like.
Asleep, sweaty, shivering, Mary suddenly opens her eyes.
And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon's chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart.
She stops.
As she feels it's gaze a shadow suddenly crosses her shoulder.
Katherine turns quickly but only barely catches, out of the corner of her eye, a glimpse of something very large.
It's only past the final door, into the smallest corner of the building, that the walls become clean and brightly painted by eager third graders.
The creepy silence transforms itself into the giggles of children as they bang open the classroom door and whoop themselves outside for recess.
Up the crumbly embankment, sitting perched on the roof of an abandoned house, is Gabriel.
Impenetrably dark.
And he walks out, leaving Thomas alone in a place gone suddenly cold.
Death.
The same cold, creepy air about him.
The shriek of ghosts under his breath.
It worries Katherine.
The atmosphere becomes close and creepy.
They follow the light to the gap in the rock, gingerly stepping into -- That could easily belong to a bum.
But once they step into the room, into the lair, it suddenly jumps in volume.
Thomas, fighting the insanity pounding at him, crawls pathetically across the floor to the oil lamp.
Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard against the chest, forcing him off.
The slugs RIP into Jerry's chest and knock him to his knees.
Katherine rushes to Thomas, who's pulled himself up to his knees, a ragged slice above his eye bleeding badly.
Again, the pain.
There are eyes in this winged head, but blood chilling ones of putrid yellow.
There are endless scars and shapes and wrinkles, but mostly, only, there are the eyes.
Katherine lays her head on Thomas's shoulder, and as darkness swallows them he holds her.
With the ease of a spider he slides down and beside John.
She begins to choke, to cough, then suddenly sits up and opens her eyes.
Katherine's head is still on Thomas's shoulder, the two of them asleep sitting against the wall.
Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloak.
He downs the shake in one belt.
Thomas's eyes are wild with fear.
He staggers to his knees and begins to run.
Gagging and weeping in blank shock, he crawls on his hands and knees as Rachael OPENS UP his arm from shoulder to elbow with her nails.
A claw.
As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm into Gabriel's chest.
Bleeding to death is a real possibility for him.
Chasing the night and its fears away under the punishing glare of noon.
Beat.
Claire traces a finger along a small but noticeable SCAR above her left eye, then slowly drops the hand to her cheek, as if confirming her existence.
Suddenly, the SOUND OF A WOMAN WAILING can be heard.
They stop.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She stops.
But the whispering has suddenly stopped.
She suddenly has a thought and disappears into the kitchen.
Cooper suddenly bolts down the hall.
She attacks the transition again, and again falters.
Slam.
Beat.
Beat.
Suddenly, THE CANDLE FLARES.
There's a dangerous energy to her walk.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Claire's still in the dark.
Beat.
Suddenly, her head droops over, she shudders softly.
Beat.
Beat.
Worried, she heads upstairs.
ANGLE - CLAIRE... her face a mask of terror.
Suddenly, she's released.
Claire places the roses in a vase on Norman's desk, and in doing so, accidentally knocks it over.
Suddenly her eye stops on a small silver bracelet with an intricate ROSEBUD.
Norman walks through the darkened house into the moonlit room.
He's a wreck.
He hangs up.
Two rings, then: Claire's eyes widen in terror.
Suddenly, A HAND WITH A WASHCLOTH IS THRUST OVER HER FACE.
Claire is pulling herself down the stairs, moaning in terror.
We can feel her revulsion.
He sees the necklace on her neck.
When his hands close on the clasp, his face suddenly goes slack.
Claire somehow manages to work a toe into the plug chain and yank it free.
Claire races over to the Volvo, which is blocked by NORMAN'S PICKUP, the dark hulk of THE SAILBOAT on a trailer behind it.
Shivering with cold and adrenalin, she tries to work the ancient heater.
Suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trailer.
It bursts inward and Mrs. Watchett, her hair flying, dashes down the steps panic-stricken into the room.
Here he stops.
In the f.g., Bridewell who has been sitting with a glazed, dreamy look, suddenly jumps.
(NOTE:  The house is situated upon a site with Suddenly the SOUND OF AN APPROACHING ENGINE catches his attention.
Drivers leave their cars of the period in disorder.
Alarmed, he runs across the street directly in the path of the ambulance that threads its way between the cars left in disorder on the road.
Suddenly there is a BLINDING FLASH.
The Time Machine is shaken violently, but the Time Traveller manages to crawl into it.
The CAMERA SCARES BACK.
A white light from above begins to permeate the dark- ness.
THERE IS A CRASH LIKE THUNDER and the Time Machine suddenly goes into a spin.
He shakes the cobwebs out of his head and, FOLLOWED BY THE CAMERA, rises with difficulty.
The apprehension mounts into tension and gradually but inevitably approaches the state of horror that a human being would experience in a strange place where he had just come from an innocent freshly set table of ripe fruits and stepped outside into a beautiful but weird vacuum.
Suddenly he stops as he distinctly hears a familar and quite HUMAN combination of NOISES.
The Time Traveller is suddenly struck by the truth of her words.
The stick now writes in the dust: " E L O I " A shadow crosses her face.
Suddenly she springs to her feet, concerned.
He is appalled.
The moving shadow of the Time Traveller reveals her pale face, with closed eyes, wearing an expression of helpless terror.
A look of fear comes into her eyes.
Weena looks up at him, her fears dwindling, find- ing comfort in this strange being whom she cannot understand.
Then she glances high into the dark sky and the old fear returns.
The fear paralyzes her.
She looks up, her eyes no longer showing fear.
He shakes her off.
An expression of fear comes slowly over her face as the LOW SIREN is joined by ANOTHER of HIGHER PITCH.
He looks up, concerned, pausing in his descent.
As the THIRD DISCORDANT BLAST joins the other two, Weena's fear is gone.
The ceasing of the sirens seems to have released them from their hypnotic spell and now, awake again and frightened, they are retreating.
Behind him, across the cavern, an indistinct figure watches, but quickly disappears as the T.T. strikes a match.
The sight that the T.T. beholds fills him with revulsion and horror.
His features twisted in horror in the flickering light of his match.
T. turns and as he leaves this chamber of horror, the rock behind him comes to life.
Where other Morlocks with CRACKING WHIPS herd the Eloi into the chamber of horrors.
Suddenly a long lash of a whip strikes like a serpent and coils about the T.T.'s neck.
Another whip scares Weena into the chamber of horrors, while several other whips land on the T.T.'s shoulders.
The T.T., wielding the whip fiercely, drives the Morlocks back several paces, then suddenly from above a pale body of a Morlock lands on him, knocking him down, causing him to drop the whip.
He crawls in pain into the chamber of horrors.
Then suddenly the T.T. pulls out his matchbox from his pocket.
The Eloi huddle against the wall in terror as other Morlocks gain courage and move forward toward the T.T.
She screams and jumps back, watching in terror, as the Morlock comes toward her.
Morlocks come in after fleeing Eloi, shielding their eyes from the light of the Time Traveller's torch.
Here they stop.
Weena, seeing the panels close, runs up to them and POUNDS her fists vainly on the metal doors.
Suddenly, a gloomy shade falls over the instruments, followed by a burst of whirling smoke and the twinkling red light of fire.
He steps into the house.
Suddenly a clock from the neighboring room CHIMES ONCE.
As Ben considers the driverless boat...  Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something below.
The arm stops and suddenly the tray of sand shakes, dropping through holes in the bottom to reveal an object the size of a person's fist.
Paul draws a long, nervous breath and looks at Amanda.
He's wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's staring at you or fast asleep.
Calling back from the cockpit...  Suddenly Grant spots...
He pales.
Amanda turns away in horror.
Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side.
Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air.
Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP as the giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mere inches from his face.
Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in horror as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinosaurus latches onto its throat.
Mindful of Grant's warnings, they move quickly and quietly.
Now the camera penetrates the jungle canopy and the picture and sound become complete chaos: SCREAMS from the both, branches BREAKING, flashes of Ben and Eric's frightened faces as the camera is buffeted in all directions.
A beat.
They walk through an overgrown parking lot, littered with abandoned vehicles.
Sudden FLAPPING.
It is an eerie, haunted place.
Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the lobby's dirty windows with terrifying speed.
She SCREAMS.
Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up.
Responding to the growls, a herd of grazing HADROSAURS suddenly flees across the open space.
Suddenly, one of the raptors SLASHES at him again.
The feasting raptors look up, listening, then suddenly run off into the dark jungle.
As terrified as he is, he can't help but be fascinated by their communication.
Up in the tree, Grant's eyes immediately burn from the vapor He squints to see through the fog, where he spots at the edge of the smoke Grant half-climbs, half-falls out of the tree, rushing to get through the heaviest of the smoke.
Suddenly, one of the creatures is attacked by another.
They're a thousand emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, overjoyed.
Paul Kirby watches in stunned, abject horror as the Pteranodon carries Eric directly overhead -- The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight.
He suddenly realizes what Billy is about to do.
Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
Suddenly, CRASH LANDS on the catwalk enclosure about them -- right next to a gaping hole in the mesh.
Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak.
All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus to leap out at any moment.
Spinosaurus pushes past the boat.
He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before.
And suddenly the raptors attack.
It's a gorgeous and terrifying sight.
Terrified, the Costa Rican CHOPPER PILOT veers away, but the pteranodons are already on him.
The helicopter suddenly tips, falling, SMASHING into the trees with a massive fireball.
The pteranodon goes to bite him again, but finds it head caught between the rungs.
It also reels in the pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dangerous.
A neon drive-in casts long shadows across a vast parking lot as the sun drops behind a distant hill.
Curt doesn't move, as if afraid of scaring her away.
Suddenly, a car horn honks next to them.
Terry tries to escape, but in his panic the engine dies.
Terry begins to get worried as the salesman begins to fondle his new Chevy.
He becomes frightened as the salesman attempts to drag him over to one of the 'Vettes.
Suddenly, there's a rumbling noise as the pipes break and water gushes over the floor.
Panic!
John shakes his head no.
Terry gets a little nervous.
A record needle scratches and "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" blares out as Steve and Laurie dance alone in the middle of the floor.
He moans.
Suddenly she puts her hand on his leg.
Suddenly, a rough- looking face, belonging to Vic Lozier, pops in her window.
Suddenly, he sees something--the T-bird going the other way down the street.
He looks a little concerned and starts the coupe.
Suddenly, there's a gunshot!
Ants (a tall, ghoulish-looking kid who probably got his name from the scar across his face which has recently been stitched to look like a party of ants marching across his cheek.)
The radio blares "Ain't that a Shame?" as Curt sits in the back seat of the car looking very nervous.
Suddenly, she grabs him and pulls him down on top of herself.
Ants is sitting in a "Rocket to the Moon" ride, pounding on it unsuccessfully when suddenly it starts.
Inside the small office, Curt shakes hands with Hank Anderson, who pats him on the shoulder.
They start walking faster, anxious to get away.
Suddenly, a beam from a flashlight plays across the trunk.
He suddenly jumps with a start.
Carol looks scared and grabs onto the dash.
Curt ties the cable to a post and then, looking scared, crawls under the police car with the cable.
Everything is dark and quiet as the adult population sleeps through the night.
The yellow deuce coupe roars off down the dark street.
She jumps out of the car and runs up the walk to the house.
He can only moan.
Steve shakes his head no.
A little scared, he goes inside and closes the door.
She looks determined not to seem as scared as she really is.
Laurie looks scared now.
Terry looks nervous, the engines start to scream and Terry, his hands shaking on the flashlight, manages to flash it on.
Inside Falfa's car, Laurie looks scared to death.
The crash car is beginning to burn in the engine compartment and John is panicked.
Then, panicked, he jumps from the car and rushes to the booth.
Then the plane's shadow ripples over the car and it, too, is gone.
Roberta looks scared shitless.
We see relief -- and fear -- in Roberta's face.
The students stare at her, afraid of her now.
He has a serious expression and a scar on his left cheek.
Roberta's scared -- so she keeps talking, as if it's not really happening.
She suddenly remembers where she is, and quickly looks at the clock.
HOLD ON ROBERTA, looking hurt and frightened.
She turns back to Nick who looks worried.
Janet rushes through the throngs while Roberta tries to keep up.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
One of the buildings on the street is burned out, missing a front door.
A beat.
Roberta looks at him, concerned that he's not responding to her news.
A beat.
A beat.
They finish and stare at her, afraid of her response.
The boy nervously shakes his head no.
A beat.
You can see on her face that she's dreading the emptiness.
Roberta gets up and warily approaches the door.
A few beats.
This is making her nervous.
She looks at him, afraid of what he might be saying.
A beat.
The anger drains out of her as she suddenly sees what this is all about.
He's fast asleep.
She crosses to Ernie and shakes him.
The boys look frightened, but Roberta's on a mission.
Roberta climbs the dimly-lit stairs of a dilapidated, scary building.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a bicycle.
LEONARD, a scrawny white boy takes his letter, scared by it.
Concepcion shakes her head no.
Roberta crosses into the kitchen and returns with a cutting board and a knife.
A beat.
We realize from the scar that one is NAEEM (20.), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.
A beat.
It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a stage door opening.
Roberta pours nervous energy into her cappuccino, adding cinnamon, chocolate, and sugar, stirring loudly.
A few beats.
A beat.
A beat.
Janet looks at her, concerned.
A beat.
Roberta talks to Janet with a worried expression.
Butt-Kong to Butt-Head asleep on the couch with Beavis shaking him.
Butt-Head is dead asleep on the couch.
Beavis shakes him.
Punks run in fear.
Another tosses a knife.
Butt-Head approaches them.
Suddenly Martha buckles Beavis' belt.
Beavis goes white with fear.
The plane starts to shake.
Beavis starts to freak.
ON PEOPLE seeing Butt-Head flying, screaming in panic.
The guy's asleep.
The people are white with fear, some covered with flecks of spilled food and other matter.
Butt-Head approaches a door next to the bed.
Suddenly, the door opens.
The place is being surrounded by police and plain black cars.
They're in shock.
They walk away, not seeing that behind them, B&B approach the control room door.
Suddenly the lights blink on and off.
Machinery stops suddenly and large support beams break.
A disaster.
Disaster.
He guns it.
Suddenly dozens of A.T.F.
People are in a panic.
BEAVIS' P.O.V. OF BUTT-HEAD: His face starts to warp and colors start shifting.
Suddenly, it pops open.
They gasp.
Isolated.
Beavis is starting to SHAKE AND MAKE STRANGE NOISES.
He looks up, suddenly seeing: DOZENS OF A.T.F.
Suddenly, dozens of agents surround him, pointing guns at him.
He continues to babble, making the agents nervous.
As before, the flight crew stares in horror and silence as B&B deplane.
His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep.
Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, but is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain in her stomach.
Suddenly, Gideon's rooster starts to CROW.
Suddenly, the chickens start to run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in.
She shakes out a rug.
The SOUND of the trumpet frightens Skip's birds.
Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint from time to time.
Hattie has a series of squinting attacks.
His head is resting on his chest.
His racking COUGH is frightening.
Hattie has started her nervous twitch again.
Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding up one of the twins, Loviray.
The sound of his voice frightens her.
The noise of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet next door drown out Suzie's voice.
Gideon is asleep.
Gideon has dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged considerably.
She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark.
Linda's eye is still swollen.
Gideon is asleep.
Two shadows on the wall are facing each other.
Gideon is sound asleep.
Harry picks up the knife.
The knife falls out.
Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitchen and rush to see what is going on.
Everything is wet from the night's rain.
Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and starts to CROW.
Rhonda is asleep in a chair.
The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly.
BLACKNESS.
Jerry flees.
Estelle stares in horror.
The trailer shakes from the two adults flogging the mattress in the back.
Nick moves up, lubricating her arms, shoulders and neck.
A beat.
Nick approaches the shower building.
Suddenly the door opens.
A beat.
A jingling noise up the road.
Suddenly: The door flies open and--BANG!
He twists and rears with cuffed hands to plunge the knife into Moon's chest.
Blood spatters Mattie.
Moon has fallen to the floor, knife in chest.
The two horses that are now riderless rear and mill, panicked.
He fires.
They shake.
We are high and close on Rooster, asleep.
She is struck by a worrying thought.
He sloshes suddenly forward, water kicking up before him.
Mattie manages to choke out: Silence.
We hear the schlick of steel and his hand reappears holding a knife taken from a leg sheath.
Her eyes roll down in their sockets to watch as Chaney regrips the knife and lowers it to her throat, his knuckles whitening with tension.
Then, he drops.
The butt-end of a knife juts out.
Mattie screams as the ball of waking snakes quickens.
The body, coming to pieces, slides dustily down into the dark.
It disappears.
Mattie hastily reaches for the root that pins her and in a panic pulls, looking back toward the body.
As the snakes advance to the level of her pinned leg Mattie freezes.
Careful to keep still, eyes on the advancing snakes: More snakes climb onto her.
A large snake is winding onto her shoulder.
She gingerly places a hand for it to coil onto; it does; she holds it at arms length and gently shakes it off.
As he does so: Rooster stoops with the knife and one slice frees the booted foot.
Horrible noises are indeed coming from the horse, but Rooster is grim: He leaves off whipping the horse and takes out his knife.
In the dark, the darker shape of the dead horse, growing smaller.
She appears a little anxious.
Both she and Claudia are petrified and terror-stricken as the curve and the wall loom closer and closer.
With a frightening leap -- and going well over fifty miles an hour -- the car barely makes it over the ditch and right through the opening in the wall.
Claudia is visibly shaken.
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by Sandro's voice shouting "Hello."
Sandro and Anna remain as they are until they are suddenly enveloped by a dark shadow.
It is larger than it previously appeared and casts a long, dark shadow over the yacht.
But Claudia is afraid to dive in while the boat is still in motion, so she turns to the sailor and shouts: The motor is turned off and the yacht soon comes to a halt.
As soon as he hits the water, he starts shivering and exclaims: Then, lowering the mask over his face, he begins to submerge.
Then, immediately, the booming voice of the sailor aboard the yacht sounds out: But Sandro ignores the warning and starts swimming out towards Anna like a demon.
Claudia is stricken with fear, and holds on tight to Giulia.
Anna goes over to the edge of the boat and stands at the head of the little stairway leading down to the water.
Her desire to join him is greater than her fear of the shark, so she looks down at the sailor and asks: Patrizia, instead, turns around and heads back to the cabin.
Breaking the nervous tension that has spread itself throughout the group, a seaman appears with a small basket of frozen peaches brought from the yacht.
Sandro is asleep with his arms folded under his head.
Down at the shore, Giulia is getting ready to step on the gangplank and go aboard the yacht but, anxious about Anna's whereabouts, she changes her mind and turns back.
He is about to head towards them but suddenly realizes that Giulia is following directly behind him.
As he starts to approach it, another stray lamb appears, as if from nowhere, and runs off, frightened by Sandro's approach.
The turn has taken the boat slightly away from Lisca Bianca and they now find themselves closer to the little island of Basiluzzo.
The entire group is once again reunited on the beach, and the impending storm has heightened their fears and anxiety.
They are cold, restless, and exhausted, but profoundly moved and shaken by the reality of Anna's strange disappearance.
Suddenly, footsteps are heard approaching the hut.
Claudia suddenly jumps up and runs out of the hut and into the dark, calling out desperately.
She looks down over the side and quickly withdraws, almost in fear of being sucked down into the swirling waters below.
Stepping ashore are Patrizia, Giulia and Raimondo, followed by a Marshal of the carabinieri and two police agents.
As Sandro and Claudia come rushing down over the rocks, Claudia suddenly stops and lags behind so as not to arrive on the beach simultaneously with Sandro.
But seeing Patrizia and Raimondo approaching, he suddenly stops.
Claudia is nonplussed and almost petrified with fear.
But the intensity in Claudia's look, mixed with fear and desire, is so overpowering that Sandro takes her in his arms and kisses her.
Suddenly, she stands up and goes into the corridor.
Sandro tries to grab her in his arms, but Claudia pushes him away, almost with a sense of violence, as though she were afraid she might change her mind once in his arms.
Now, with all this talk about Sandro, the sense of relaxation Claudia had felt upon her arrival, has changed into a feeling of anxiety that becomes more and more noticeable.
Remarks and comments are heard above the noise.
It is a picture of a nude woman; a shapely figure, slightly plump, in the manner of Renoir.
She suddenly stops reading and turns toward Sandro.
Suddenly, Sandro takes Claudia by the hand.
Suddenly, feeling himself being stared at, Sandro turns towards Claudia.
And only then do Sandro and Claudia become aware that the silence around them is an unnatural one, that the doors and the windows of all the houses in the town are tightly shut.
Huddled close to each other, Claudia and Sandro are asleep on the grass.
A cold shiver runs down her back and she quickly comes to her feet.
Suddenly the sound of a shutter being lowered directly behind her causes her to start and turn around.
In that total solitude, the doorway of the hotel emerges like the mouth of some dark and fearful cavern, so much so that Claudia is unable to keep her eyes fixed upon that spot.
Suddenly, she wheels about, having heard Sandro enter.
Throwing away his cigarette, he comes up to her, all nervous and excited, and they both step out into the street.
Suddenly, up from the street comes the sound of music.
Beyond these steps is a small dead-end street that runs up against the faade of a large and magnificent old building.
Sandro goes down the flight of steps and approaches the door of the old building which is closed.
Claudia is clearly intrigued by everything she sees: the surroundings, the people, etc. Sandro approaches the reception desk as Claudia walks slightly ahead, anxious to see what is going on.
Suddenly, Claudia stops.
But all of a sudden, Claudia becomes aware of something moving on a sofa at the far end of the room.
The young man's throat is dry; he's sweating bullets.
Christy, clearly terrified, is walking quickly away from Vince's office.
Joey suddenly flies into the bin.
As Christy looks around the lobby, various religious artifacts loom at her; we see them from her terrified P0V.
Mother Superior is in total command of all she surveys, and she seldom raises her voice or her blood pressure as she rules.
The thought of being left alone with Mother Superior panics Christy, like a child left in the principal's office.
Christy is fast asleep.
Christy stares at the loom; a look of horror crosses her face.
A.)on her hands and knees.
Reluctantly, Christy rises and approaches the door.
One of the drug dealers stands outside the crack house as a car suddenly pulls up to the curb.
The picture suddenly becomes GRAINY, and we hear the voice of a NEWS REPORTER.
Shocked and terrified, Christy struggles to free herself, but is suddenly relieved to see that her abductor is Eddie.
Everyone's attention suddenly turns to Bishop O'Hara as he approaches.
The kitchen is dark, lit only by a flickering candle carried by Christy.
After a few steps, Eddie suddenly looks disturbed.
Several members of the choir rush into the room with panic in their eyes.
She fondles her rosary beads, and sinks to her knees.
Mary Robert stands alone in front of the cathedral, wringing her hands with worry.
Christy suddenly lifts her knee into Willy's groin, and he buckles over.
Mother Superior suddenly steps forward.
There is a pause, as the Manager stares at the nuns in horror.
Christy suddenly drops to her knees and begins to pray.
Trapped for a moment, she has panic in her eyes.
One window, dark and quiet on the third floor, catches his gaze.
Simon's sunglassed eyes look up suddenly, his body stifffening.
Simon manages a grip on the gargoyle's face and POUNDS the back of his skull against the wall.
A mortuary.
The rooms are dark but for one.
Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
It's part of the school building long abandoned.
Finished, he sets the ancient bible down, turns off the gooseneck, and leans back in his chair, alone in the dark.
A coyote has crept up onto a near ledge.
Watching her.
The boy, still standing beside her, begins to look nervous.
Is the abandoned, decayed part of the building.
Suddenly Thomas breaks back, intercepts the ball, and drives against Player #2.
That buzz.
Hustling the last one up the stairs, she pauses suddenly.
Twinkling lights in a cold, dark embrace.
Gabriel suddenly freezes.
Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet.
Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers spread, claw-like.
Asleep, sweaty, shivering, Mary suddenly opens her eyes.
And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon's chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart.
She stops.
As she feels it's gaze a shadow suddenly crosses her shoulder.
Katherine turns quickly but only barely catches, out of the corner of her eye, a glimpse of something very large.
It's only past the final door, into the smallest corner of the building, that the walls become clean and brightly painted by eager third graders.
The creepy silence transforms itself into the giggles of children as they bang open the classroom door and whoop themselves outside for recess.
Up the crumbly embankment, sitting perched on the roof of an abandoned house, is Gabriel.
Impenetrably dark.
And he walks out, leaving Thomas alone in a place gone suddenly cold.
The same cold, creepy air about him.
The shriek of ghosts under his breath.
It worries Katherine.
The atmosphere becomes close and creepy.
They follow the light to the gap in the rock, gingerly stepping into -- That could easily belong to a bum.
But once they step into the room, into the lair, it suddenly jumps in volume.
Thomas, fighting the insanity pounding at him, crawls pathetically across the floor to the oil lamp.
Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard against the chest, forcing him off.
The slugs RIP into Jerry's chest and knock him to his knees.
Katherine rushes to Thomas, who's pulled himself up to his knees, a ragged slice above his eye bleeding badly.
Again, the pain.
There are eyes in this winged head, but blood chilling ones of putrid yellow.
There are endless scars and shapes and wrinkles, but mostly, only, there are the eyes.
Katherine lays her head on Thomas's shoulder, and as darkness swallows them he holds her.
With the ease of a spider he slides down and beside John.
She begins to choke, to cough, then suddenly sits up and opens her eyes.
Katherine's head is still on Thomas's shoulder, the two of them asleep sitting against the wall.
Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloak.
He downs the shake in one belt.
Thomas's eyes are wild with fear.
He staggers to his knees and begins to run.
Gagging and weeping in blank shock, he crawls on his hands and knees as Rachael OPENS UP his arm from shoulder to elbow with her nails.
As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm into Gabriel's chest.
Bleeding to death is a real possibility for him.
Chasing the night and its fears away under the punishing glare of noon.
Claire traces a finger along a small but noticeable SCAR above her left eye, then slowly drops the hand to her cheek, as if confirming her existence.
Suddenly, the SOUND OF A WOMAN WAILING can be heard.
They stop.
She stops.
But the whispering has suddenly stopped.
She suddenly has a thought and disappears into the kitchen.
Cooper suddenly bolts down the hall.
She attacks the transition again, and again falters.
Suddenly, THE CANDLE FLARES.
There's a dangerous energy to her walk.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Claire's still in the dark.
Beat.
Suddenly, her head droops over, she shudders softly.
Beat.
Beat.
Worried, she heads upstairs.
ANGLE - CLAIRE... her face a mask of terror.
Suddenly, she's released.
Claire places the roses in a vase on Norman's desk, and in doing so, accidentally knocks it over.
Suddenly her eye stops on a small silver bracelet with an intricate ROSEBUD.
Norman walks through the darkened house into the moonlit room.
Two rings, then: Claire's eyes widen in terror.
Suddenly, A HAND WITH A WASHCLOTH IS THRUST OVER HER FACE.
Claire is pulling herself down the stairs, moaning in terror.
He sees the necklace on her neck.
When his hands close on the clasp, his face suddenly goes slack.
Claire somehow manages to work a toe into the plug chain and yank it free.
Claire races over to the Volvo, which is blocked by NORMAN'S PICKUP, the dark hulk of THE SAILBOAT on a trailer behind it.
Shivering with cold and adrenalin, she tries to work the ancient heater.
Suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trailer.
It bursts inward and Mrs. Watchett, her hair flying, dashes down the steps panic-stricken into the room.
Here he stops.
In the f.g., Bridewell who has been sitting with a glazed, dreamy look, suddenly jumps.
(NOTE:  The house is situated upon a site with Suddenly the SOUND OF AN APPROACHING ENGINE catches his attention.
Drivers leave their cars of the period in disorder.
Alarmed, he runs across the street directly in the path of the ambulance that threads its way between the cars left in disorder on the road.
Suddenly there is a BLINDING FLASH.
The Time Machine is shaken violently, but the Time Traveller manages to crawl into it.
The CAMERA SCARES BACK.
A white light from above begins to permeate the dark- ness.
THERE IS A CRASH LIKE THUNDER and the Time Machine suddenly goes into a spin.
He shakes the cobwebs out of his head and, FOLLOWED BY THE CAMERA, rises with difficulty.
The apprehension mounts into tension and gradually but inevitably approaches the state of horror that a human being would experience in a strange place where he had just come from an innocent freshly set table of ripe fruits and stepped outside into a beautiful but weird vacuum.
Suddenly he stops as he distinctly hears a familar and quite HUMAN combination of NOISES.
The Time Traveller is suddenly struck by the truth of her words.
The stick now writes in the dust: " E L O I " A shadow crosses her face.
Suddenly she springs to her feet, concerned.
He is appalled.
The moving shadow of the Time Traveller reveals her pale face, with closed eyes, wearing an expression of helpless terror.
A look of fear comes into her eyes.
Weena looks up at him, her fears dwindling, find- ing comfort in this strange being whom she cannot understand.
Then she glances high into the dark sky and the old fear returns.
The fear paralyzes her.
She looks up, her eyes no longer showing fear.
He shakes her off.
An expression of fear comes slowly over her face as the LOW SIREN is joined by ANOTHER of HIGHER PITCH.
He looks up, concerned, pausing in his descent.
As the THIRD DISCORDANT BLAST joins the other two, Weena's fear is gone.
The ceasing of the sirens seems to have released them from their hypnotic spell and now, awake again and frightened, they are retreating.
Behind him, across the cavern, an indistinct figure watches, but quickly disappears as the T.T. strikes a match.
The sight that the T.T. beholds fills him with revulsion and horror.
His features twisted in horror in the flickering light of his match.
T. turns and as he leaves this chamber of horror, the rock behind him comes to life.
Where other Morlocks with CRACKING WHIPS herd the Eloi into the chamber of horrors.
Suddenly a long lash of a whip strikes like a serpent and coils about the T.T.'s neck.
Another whip scares Weena into the chamber of horrors, while several other whips land on the T.T.'s shoulders.
The T.T., wielding the whip fiercely, drives the Morlocks back several paces, then suddenly from above a pale body of a Morlock lands on him, knocking him down, causing him to drop the whip.
He crawls in pain into the chamber of horrors.
Then suddenly the T.T. pulls out his matchbox from his pocket.
The Eloi huddle against the wall in terror as other Morlocks gain courage and move forward toward the T.T.
She screams and jumps back, watching in terror, as the Morlock comes toward her.
Morlocks come in after fleeing Eloi, shielding their eyes from the light of the Time Traveller's torch.
Here they stop.
Weena, seeing the panels close, runs up to them and POUNDS her fists vainly on the metal doors.
Suddenly, a gloomy shade falls over the instruments, followed by a burst of whirling smoke and the twinkling red light of fire.
He steps into the house.
Suddenly a clock from the neighboring room CHIMES ONCE.
As Ben considers the driverless boat...  Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something below.
The arm stops and suddenly the tray of sand shakes, dropping through holes in the bottom to reveal an object the size of a person's fist.
Paul draws a long, nervous breath and looks at Amanda.
He's wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's staring at you or fast asleep.
Calling back from the cockpit...  Suddenly Grant spots...
He pales.
Amanda turns away in horror.
Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side.
Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air.
Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP as the giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mere inches from his face.
Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in horror as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinosaurus latches onto its throat.
Mindful of Grant's warnings, they move quickly and quietly.
A beat.
Now the camera penetrates the jungle canopy and the picture and sound become complete chaos: SCREAMS from the both, branches BREAKING, flashes of Ben and Eric's frightened faces as the camera is buffeted in all directions.
She SCREAMS.
They walk through an overgrown parking lot, littered with abandoned vehicles.
Sudden FLAPPING.
It is an eerie, haunted place.
Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the lobby's dirty windows with terrifying speed.
Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up.
Responding to the growls, a herd of grazing HADROSAURS suddenly flees across the open space.
Suddenly, one of the raptors SLASHES at him again.
The feasting raptors look up, listening, then suddenly run off into the dark jungle.
As terrified as he is, he can't help but be fascinated by their communication.
Up in the tree, Grant's eyes immediately burn from the vapor He squints to see through the fog, where he spots at the edge of the smoke Grant half-climbs, half-falls out of the tree, rushing to get through the heaviest of the smoke.
Suddenly, one of the creatures is attacked by another.
They're a thousand emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, overjoyed.
Paul Kirby watches in stunned, abject horror as the Pteranodon carries Eric directly overhead -- The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight.
He suddenly realizes what Billy is about to do.
Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
Suddenly, CRASH LANDS on the catwalk enclosure about them -- right next to a gaping hole in the mesh.
Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak.
All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus to leap out at any moment.
Spinosaurus pushes past the boat.
He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before.
And suddenly the raptors attack.
It's a gorgeous and terrifying sight.
Terrified, the Costa Rican CHOPPER PILOT veers away, but the pteranodons are already on him.
The helicopter suddenly tips, falling, SMASHING into the trees with a massive fireball.
The pteranodon goes to bite him again, but finds it head caught between the rungs.
It also reels in the pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dangerous.
A neon drive-in casts long shadows across a vast parking lot as the sun drops behind a distant hill.
Curt doesn't move, as if afraid of scaring her away.
Suddenly, a car horn honks next to them.
Terry tries to escape, but in his panic the engine dies.
Terry begins to get worried as the salesman begins to fondle his new Chevy.
He becomes frightened as the salesman attempts to drag him over to one of the 'Vettes.
Suddenly, there's a rumbling noise as the pipes break and water gushes over the floor.
Panic!
John shakes his head no.
Terry gets a little nervous.
A record needle scratches and "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" blares out as Steve and Laurie dance alone in the middle of the floor.
He moans.
Suddenly she puts her hand on his leg.
Suddenly, a rough- looking face, belonging to Vic Lozier, pops in her window.
Suddenly, he sees something--the T-bird going the other way down the street.
He looks a little concerned and starts the coupe.
Suddenly, there's a gunshot!
Ants (a tall, ghoulish-looking kid who probably got his name from the scar across his face which has recently been stitched to look like a party of ants marching across his cheek.)
The radio blares "Ain't that a Shame?" as Curt sits in the back seat of the car looking very nervous.
Suddenly, she grabs him and pulls him down on top of herself.
Ants is sitting in a "Rocket to the Moon" ride, pounding on it unsuccessfully when suddenly it starts.
Inside the small office, Curt shakes hands with Hank Anderson, who pats him on the shoulder.
They start walking faster, anxious to get away.
Suddenly, a beam from a flashlight plays across the trunk.
He suddenly jumps with a start.
Carol looks scared and grabs onto the dash.
Curt ties the cable to a post and then, looking scared, crawls under the police car with the cable.
Everything is dark and quiet as the adult population sleeps through the night.
The yellow deuce coupe roars off down the dark street.
She jumps out of the car and runs up the walk to the house.
He can only moan.
Steve shakes his head no.
A little scared, he goes inside and closes the door.
She looks determined not to seem as scared as she really is.
Laurie looks scared now.
Terry looks nervous, the engines start to scream and Terry, his hands shaking on the flashlight, manages to flash it on.
Inside Falfa's car, Laurie looks scared to death.
The crash car is beginning to burn in the engine compartment and John is panicked.
Then, panicked, he jumps from the car and rushes to the booth.
Then the plane's shadow ripples over the car and it, too, is gone.
Roberta looks scared shitless.
A beat.
We see relief -- and fear -- in Roberta's face.
The students stare at her, afraid of her now.
He has a serious expression and a scar on his left cheek.
Roberta's scared -- so she keeps talking, as if it's not really happening.
She suddenly remembers where she is, and quickly looks at the clock.
He dashes out.
HOLD ON ROBERTA, looking hurt and frightened.
She turns back to Nick who looks worried.
Janet rushes through the throngs while Roberta tries to keep up.
One of the buildings on the street is burned out, missing a front door.
Roberta looks at him, concerned that he's not responding to her news.
They finish and stare at her, afraid of her response.
The boy nervously shakes his head no.
You can see on her face that she's dreading the emptiness.
Roberta gets up and warily approaches the door.
This is making her nervous.
She looks at him, afraid of what he might be saying.
The anger drains out of her as she suddenly sees what this is all about.
He's fast asleep.
She crosses to Ernie and shakes him.
The boys look frightened, but Roberta's on a mission.
Roberta climbs the dimly-lit stairs of a dilapidated, scary building.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a bicycle.
LEONARD, a scrawny white boy takes his letter, scared by it.
Concepcion shakes her head no.
Roberta crosses into the kitchen and returns with a cutting board and a knife.
We realize from the scar that one is NAEEM (20.), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.
It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a stage door opening.
Roberta pours nervous energy into her cappuccino, adding cinnamon, chocolate, and sugar, stirring loudly.
Janet looks at her, concerned.
Roberta talks to Janet with a worried expression.
Butt-Kong to Butt-Head asleep on the couch with Beavis shaking him.
Butt-Head is dead asleep on the couch.
Beavis shakes him.
Punks run in fear.
Another tosses a knife.
Butt-Head approaches them.
Suddenly Martha buckles Beavis' belt.
Beavis goes white with fear.
The plane starts to shake.
Beavis starts to freak.
ON PEOPLE seeing Butt-Head flying, screaming in panic.
The guy's asleep.
The people are white with fear, some covered with flecks of spilled food and other matter.
Butt-Head approaches a door next to the bed.
Suddenly, the door opens.
The place is being surrounded by police and plain black cars.
They're in shock.
They walk away, not seeing that behind them, B&B approach the control room door.
Suddenly the lights blink on and off.
Machinery stops suddenly and large support beams break.
A disaster.
Suddenly dozens of A.T.F.
People are in a panic.
BEAVIS' P.O.V. OF BUTT-HEAD: His face starts to warp and colors start shifting.
Suddenly, it pops open.
They gasp.
Isolated.
Beavis is starting to SHAKE AND MAKE STRANGE NOISES.
He looks up, suddenly seeing: DOZENS OF A.T.F.
Suddenly, dozens of agents surround him, pointing guns at him.
He continues to babble, making the agents nervous.
As before, the flight crew stares in horror and silence as B&B deplane.
His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep.
Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, but is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain in her stomach.
Suddenly, Gideon's rooster starts to CROW.
Suddenly, the chickens start to run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in.
She shakes out a rug.
The SOUND of the trumpet frightens Skip's birds.
Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint from time to time.
Hattie has a series of squinting attacks.
His head is resting on his chest.
His racking COUGH is frightening.
Hattie has started her nervous twitch again.
Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding up one of the twins, Loviray.
The sound of his voice frightens her.
The noise of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet next door drown out Suzie's voice.
Gideon is asleep.
Gideon has dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged considerably.
She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark.
Linda's eye is still swollen.
Gideon is asleep.
Two shadows on the wall are facing each other.
Gideon is sound asleep.
Harry picks up the knife.
The knife falls out.
Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitchen and rush to see what is going on.
Everything is wet from the night's rain.
Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and starts to CROW.
Rhonda is asleep in a chair.
The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly.
BLACKNESS.
Jerry flees.
Estelle stares in horror.
The trailer shakes from the two adults flogging the mattress in the back.
Nick moves up, lubricating her arms, shoulders and neck.
A beat.
Nick approaches the shower building.
Suddenly the door opens.
A beat.
The dog shakes the scrotum in his jaws.
In Nick's eyes the fear of a sentence worse than death.
BLACKNESS.
Beat.
He shakes it.
She stalks off.
The trailer clips the corner of the house.
Nick takes a moment to watch in horror as dark plumes of smoke billow into the sky, the geyser of water, the storm of dazed chickens.
Nick suddenly brightens.
Vijay sits and shakes their hands.
The figure falls into the surf and the crowd of watching BIKINI-CLAD GIRLS gasp in horror.
The car pulls to a stop in the parking lot, the school looming beyond, slightly obfuscated by a light drizzle.
Nick enters the dark room to the sound of the bed squeaking.
The door to the room slams open and they are suddenly backlit by the harsh beam of the matron's flashlight.
Nick shivers in his underwear.
A beat.
He scurries into the house.
Then - We're off and running through the woods, trying to keep up with Nick as he flees.
Suddenly we hear a double SONIC BOOM.
The ship suddenly SHAKES.
Soran's eyes are suddenly wild, crazed.
Suddenly a com voice interrupts.
There is a sudden banging from the far corner of the room.
Soran has not aged at all over the years but he does have a permanent scar on his face from the earlier wound.
The men shake hands and Picard sits down.
FOLLOW Soran across Ten Forward... until he suddenly stops in shock at something he sees... of Guinan, who is now back at the bar.
She shakes off the feeling and goes back to work.
Geordi suddenly stops in front of what appears to be a standard bulkhead.
Data suddenly start LAUGHING.
He whirls around and points a phaser at Data, who suddenly looks fearful.
A shadow crosses his face.
Suddenly, a BLINDING BURST OF LIGHT  from outside the windows washes into the room.
Data is huddled in a corner of the room, cowering in fear.
B'Etor grabs Soran and holds a wicked-looking knife to his throat.
Soran is unfazed by this threat.
She hits a control and suddenly Guinan's face appears on the screen.
Geordi moves his hand to the spot, but then the protrusion is suddenly gone.
Suddenly Geordi grabs his chest in pain.
He suddenly has a horrible realization.
On the display, the Veridian star suddenly DARKENS and GOES OUT.
Picard eyes the graphic with a sense of dread.
Suddenly, Crusher's face looms large in the picture, as if she's leaning over Geordi.
as he reacts to the terrifying image.
He gets a couple of levels up, and then suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the face.
There's no where to run...  as the RIBBON OF ENERGY TEARS ACROSS THE SCENE IN A WASHED OUT BY A BLINDING FLOOD OF RED LIGHT... Then suddenly the Ribbon is GONE...  and so are Picard and Soran.
We can see on his face that something is very wrong.
Suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the head.
who is attacking Soran in Picard's place.
Suddenly the probe CLOAKS.
Soran watches in horror as the probe crashes harmlessly into the distant jungle.
Dead.
They both hang up.
Harlan is hauling Thelma out the door into the parking lot.
Thelma shakes her head no.
We hear his body HIT the gravel parking lot.
The car behind him is splattered with blood.
Thelma shakes her head "no."
He stops.
Louise pulls out of the parking lot onto the road.
Suddenly she reaches over and locks her door.
Hal's unmarked detective car pulls up in front of Thelma's house.
Louise, Thelma, and J.D. pull into the motel parking lot.
He drops it in.
J.D. attacks her again.
He stops her, suddenly.
Louise shakes her head no.
He watches them.
Louise is looking a little nervous.
The car is flying down the road.
Thelma is asleep.
He drops it.
The car is still flying down the road.
Police Bulletin VOICE OVER BEGINS AND PLAYS OVER following scenes: A police helicopter flies over the burning wreckage of the fuel truck.
Thelma sits up suddenly.
She looks scared.
A steady stream of state police cars pulls out of the parking lot with lights flashing while other policemen are running to their cars still parked in the lot.
They both scream.
A huge cloud of dust blows across the road as he approaches the intersection.
ANOTHER ANGLE as police car #1 and police car #2 both pull back onto the road right next to each other.
The dust from the cars is blowing across them.
fearful, nervous, poised on one ring.
The character speaks: The new captive looks up, nervous.
He stops.
reacting.
He stares at the warning.
reacting in fear, looking up as the screen GOES TO BLACK.
Flynn settles into a chair; Alan leans against a game, nervous; Lora paces.
We see a human figure falling feet first down this tunnel from the outside, and suddenly we're at the bottom, and the figure stops, staggering from the force of the fall, but upright.
turning towards Flynn as he hears this noise.
reacting.
Sark is staring up at the screen, frowning, nervous, frightened of this new User-warrior.
He looks over at Crom, who's anxious.
Suddenly a voice rings out from above.
The sound of GUARDS' running feet approaching their cells.
Suddenly, we hear a RUMBLING SOUND.
Suddenly Ram's fading glow begins to flow through their clasped hands into Flynn.
Horrified, Flynn tries to pull away, but Ram holds him fast.
Flynn watches in horror, frantically trying to reverse the flow, but it's too late.
There's a NOISE from above, and Tron looks up.
This is the building Tron was eyeing when we left him.
Tron pulls her close to him, sliding his hand up her arm, leaving a glowing trace, and her hands move up over his chest.
Flynn suddenly drops down to the floor.
His hands start to shake with the force of the communication beam, and suddenly the disk is ripped from his hands, to rise, glowing brilliantly, upwards to the source of the light.
He stops.
We can see Tron's back as he hears a noise.
He grabs her shoulder, pulling her against him...  they have to shout to be heard above the noise of the increasing beam.
Suddenly his whole body glows with the same intensity as the beam.
Suddenly another beam blasts out from his arm.
We can see Yori's anxious face to one side.
He faints.
Hanging onto a wall, he starts pulling his feet up to gain a precarious foothold.
Suddenly, a stronger LIGHT flashes on in the cell, the door opens, and we see Sark standing there, framed in the cell door.
Suddenly his hand goes right through the door.
He stops in horror.
Their faces are very close as he stares down, terrified that he is too late to save her.
Suddenly her eyes widen as her form returns to solidarity, and color floods back into her.
It wavers.
He hears a NOISE and turns...  and in a flash of light a speeding disk smashes into him, knocking him over.
It's horrible.
about to fire again.
Suddenly there is an explosion of static, as Flynn falls into the MCP.
He studies his hands -- and SEES that they're now nonluminescent flesh and blood.
PAN BACK TO Troy, faces the CAMERA, CLOSE, scared, then turns back to the dune and runs a few yards.
on the front of a Bradley pushes sand right TOWARD THE CAMERA DOLLY INTO five terrified Iraqis, eyes open with fear, as the sand rolls over them.
Vig drives as the Humvee speeds around the town square, zooming past scared Shiites in black robes, a few skinny dogs, a few bewildered Iraqi soldiers.
Iraqi soldiers look scared as the Humvee drives up, like it's going to hit them, and stops, flag fluttering in the breeze.
Five IRAQI SOLDIERS look disoriented and scared as they hold their hands up in the air.
Vig looks terrified as the crowd scatters, leaving him alone as he points his big unloaded pistol.
He lies down and breathes heavily with a hand on his chest.
An IRAQI SOLDIER steps into the corridor at the far end, sees Archie coming, looks terrified, and runs back.
Archie and Troy run right past the scared Iraqi.
Troy heads him off with his pistol -- The other rifle-loader stands looking scared.
The naked Shiite in glasses shakes.
Vig looks horrified as he watches.
Troy and Doc look nervous.
A cuffed Iraqi Guard kneels with a bleeding head.
CLOSE UP: BLOOD on the Iraqi Soldier's knuckles and wrists.
The soldier chases them with a knife and jabs at the man, cutting him, but not lethally.
The soldier drops the knife in the dirt.
Troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the Iraqi soldiers, who point their rifles back at Troy and Doc.
He looks terrified as his thumbs twitch on the triggers.
Ending on Troy wincing as he holds his chest.
A spider runs across it and gets stuck.
Vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining Iraqi soldiers who stand over eight terrified Shiites.
The soldiers get on their knees, pleading for mercy.
Suddenly, THE SOUND of an APPROACHING TANK.
Vig looks terrified as he drives.
A GUNSHOT RINGS OUT, a soldier is hit in the arm.
A Black Robed Figure walks right past Archie, takes a scared Shiite man by the arm and leads him to the side.
Chaos.
He screams at Vig, who looks scared.
The White Assistant shakes his head 'NO.'
They shake.
Suddenly Vig's pistol FIRES.
Vig looks scared as he drives the Infiniti straight toward the bunker.
They go to the rear door, pile up in the dark, pushing.
He approaches and kicks it repeatedly, without success.
Archie kicks in a door -- it is pitch black -- an emergency light flickers on and off -- revealing the two Iraqi torturers at the control table, where one tries to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- In flickering light -- Archie SHOOTS one Iraqi guard squarely in the chest, then the other -- the only SOUND IS THE GUN POPPING and the BULLETS TEARING into their bodies.
Vig gropes the sand for his glasses, crawling on his hands and knees with the dead Shiite on his back.
Archie cuts the fuse on the ball with his knife.
Troy and Doc look terrified.
Suddenly a RIFLE SHOT RINGS OUT, Troy jumps.
Doc looks sad and scared as he tries to turns Vig's head to help him breathe.
Huge relief comes over Troy's face as he breathes normally.
He is sweating with a fever and his arm hurts.
PAN TO - Troy suddenly drops to one knee.
Elsa suddenly slips.
A sleepy Kristoff and Sven travel alone through the dark woods.
Down below, the King holds a frightened Elsa.
Suddenly, a bunch of rocks tumble down the valley toward them.
In the Northern Lights display, the sharp spikes cause human figures to panic and attack Elsa.
Suddenly, her icy hands freeze the windowsill.
Elsa (now 12.) paces as she panics.
She falls back asleep while sitting.
-She shakes hands with a suit of armor.
Her hands shake.
Anna sees Hans's worried face.
Elsa gasps, spins around and reaches for the glove in panic.
GASPS of shock and fear sweep over the crowd.
The crowd panics.
Elsa flees.
She shivers.
The front door suddenly blows open and in walks a mass of a man covered in ice.
Sven suddenly stops, ears perked in alarm.
Kristoff stands, looks into the dark woods surrounding them.
Suddenly, he starts to slip.
Suddenly, a voice comes in from nowhere.
He suddenly looks up at Anna.
Anxiety runs high amongst the villagers and guests.
Suddenly they hear the alarmed whinny of Anna's horse.
Her muscles shake.
Elsa's fear, so strong, sucks the blizzard back into her and then it bursts out, unwittingly, like a sharp snowflake.
She falls to her knees.
Kristoff sees spiky ice shadows creeping down the walls.
He stops.
Suddenly, Kristoff's head pops up.
Stops.
Suddenly Anna is surrounded by trolls.
Anna shivers again, collapsing into Kristoff's arms.
Elsa flees to the top floor of her palace.
In two swift moves, Elsa traps one thug in a cage of spikes that threaten his neck.
She sees the men, frightened, moments from death.
She stops.
Elsa looks to Hans, overwhelmed, frightened.
Elsa looks to the storm with worry.
Anna shivers in Kristoff's arms.
Kristoff stands there with Sven for a beat, staring with worry at the closed gates.
He rubs his arms and shivers.
Elsa looks out at the storm that is devastating Arendelle, then hears the guards approaching.
They crack.
Anna shivers by the door.
The door handle suddenly jiggles.
Stops.
He panics, pushes the snow back in place.
Suddenly, the window blows open, cold wind sweeps in.
But they fight through.
He goes swirling off into the storm.
Suddenly, a mangled ship, risen by ice, capsizes   over them.
She clutches her chest.
But then he hears a faint-- Elsa struggles through her own storm, but the fear is consuming her.
A dark shadow approaches.
And with that, the swirling storm suddenly stops.
The mood is suddenly fast and urgent as a gurney is wheeled rapidly through the doors.
Suddenly, the conversation is interrupted by a shatteringly loud SCREAM, agonized and terrified, coming from the ER.
And freezes in terrified shock.
It's him that's screaming.
Fear has entered her life.
It is unclear due to distance but there is a lot of blood on the Soldier's body and uniform.
A huge FLAME leaps out of the lighter, producing an instant of terror from Terri.
Then it gets wierder; the blood suddenly dissipates into six or seven little rivulets that begin to run down the pillar.
They all culminate at the point of Pinhead's chin - and then separate again, running over his frozen black face along the carved scar lines that make a matrix across his features.
Terri shrugs, gives a nervous smile.
The daylight street is still creepy but in a different way; No bums, no trash-can fires, nothing.
A sudden silence.
Suddenly, the dust around the box begins to move as if blown by an invisible wind.
Couples neck in shadowed corners.
Suddenly, horribly, the monster's eyes fly open and his frozen face stares down at the lovers.
A beat.
Suddenly - BAM! BIG SCARE MOMENT! - two blackened arms fly out from the center of the pillar and grab Sandy's gesturing arms.
Sandy screams in mortal terror.
He backs away to the opposite wall, face shocked, scared shitless.
JP flattened against the far wall, watches in horror as Sandy, held tight against the pillar, suffers a horrible death: Sandy's life-force is sucked from her.  Drawn into the pillar.
The wind keeps blowing through the room.
Suddenly ....  BRRRRRRRRR ... the phone rings.
Suddenly, one - and only one - of the monitors suffers a WHITE Joey glances up at the one ghosting monitor, puzzled - and then freezes in shock.
A noise begins to be heard OFF.
Fear vies with fascination in Joey's expression.
Vulnerable.
Terri flings herself backward, screaming in shock and fear.
Terri - safely feet away from the pillar - stands, shaking and breathless, eyes wide in horror and shock as she stares at this creature from nightmare.
And JP finally - for one brief second of terrifying clarity - realizes what's happening.
But she backs off slowly, sensuously, like an eager but nervous virgin bride ready for her groom.
Joey shrinks back in nervous shock at this direct address.
And gasps.
A beat.
Is it a bomb?
Is it a street-gang attack?
Slow.
Pinhead surveys the scene before him and the terrified and awe- struck crowd look back at him.
He looks at the terrified humans.
Joey raises her head, bleary-eyed, and glances round the room trying to locate the source of the noise that has woken her.
CLOSE on Joey's face as she reacts in horror to what she is seeing.
Joey's eyes widen in horror as she speaks uselessly to the screen.
Joey has her hands at her mouth in horror.
CLOSE on a terrified face.
Well, that's enough of a direct threat for any officer of the law.
The cops turn, terrified, to look back.
Elder Cop stares in terror at his partner's fate.
His eyes show terror.
The fear in his eyes increases.
SLAM!
The chain pulls taut and then suddenly retracts into the darkness, hauling the Cop off his feet and dragging him along the alley into the blackness.
And pulls to a horrified stop.
A beat.
It's on fire.
Suddenly, a CREAKING noise from behind her.
The mood is suddenly different after the frenzied drive across town.
Her manner makes the mood suddenly creepy.
Her eyes stare in horror as it ascends through the air.
Pinhead starts across the room.
Suddenly, a khaki-uniformed arm moves into shot and grasps Pinhead's hand, arm-wrestling style.
Shooting up from within and hooking themselves cruelly into the Officer's face and chest.
He's now a CENOBITE - blue-skinned, scarred, mutilated, and decorated with metal and leather.
Terri howls in terror, throws her hands to her face ...  and the Box flies from her hands.
A monster.
Her panic intensifies as we hear another CLICK and the water pressure increases.
Catherine shakes her head no.
The corridors are dark and most everyone has gone home.
Arms flailing, mouth gasping, eyes filled with dread.
The driver JUMPS, startled and frightened.
Novak looks into the dead white eyes of Anne Vicksey, trying to imagine the horrors she beheld.
She rolls down her window and can hear the poor thing whimpering.
Gravely concerned, Ramsey moves across the room.
She glimpses herself in the mirror and is startled by what she sees - a terrified girl.
Agent Stockwell turns to a worried Novak.
As a nervous NURSE exits, we see TWO POLICEMEN standing guard in the outer hallway.
Novak's worry intensifies.
Edward is frightened by what's happening and runs away.
The STAFF watches with a mixture of fear and curiosity as a stretcher bearing the catatonic Stargher is wheeled FAST through the corridors by an FBI escort team.
Miriam needs a moment to fully take in the scars.
She sits up, shivering, and breathes deeply, acclimating to her surroundings.
The frightened child retreats into a corner of the claustrophobic room, but the horse does not startle.
She runs, climbs and crawls.
She retreats into shadow, hiding.
Ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appears to "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets Catherine in the shadows, and ATTACKS!
And sees the terrifying face of STARGHER.
A worried Novak searches the halls of the Campbell Center.
This is difficult for her.
She prods him.
As the agent brings the frightened animal into the monitoring area, Catherine and Valentine share a moment of "connection."
Young Stargher is at the sink WASHING DISHES, an anxious eye on the clock.
The boy's eyes fill with dread.
FROM WITHIN THE CLOSET, she watches the terrified child through a CRACK in the door.
Young Stargher backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
Terrified, she shakes her head "no."
The poor boy trembles with fear.
She again hears the WEIRD NOISE.
Catherine backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
A wave of fear, of impending doom, overtakes Catherine.
CLOUDS hover above a dark, gloomy landscape dotted with hills.
And Novak crawls into darkness.
THING THROUGH HIS THROAT!
He so desperately wants her affection, but fear prevents him from reaching out to her.
Scared, he shakes his head "no."
Terrified, the boy searches for a place to hide.
And she is haunted by the sight of a frightened child in the arms of a monster...  Henry notices significant activity on the monitors.
Pale and sweating, he winces as his stomach agonizingly cramps.
Panicked, he scrambles to shore and pulls himself to land.
Shivering, he hunches down, eyes darting this way and that.
Young Stargher's eyes open wide with silent terror.
Over his shoulder, she sees a SNAKE slither through the pool.
For a moment, Catherine appears frightened and intimidated.
She SLASHES across his chest, drawing blood.
Dead.
And there it is: The abandoned farmhouse!
And disappears.
CRACK!
CRASH!
IN THE KITCHEN, Miriam packs up her stethoscope and blood pressure monitor, moves into the living room as Dorothy falls asleep in a field of poppies...  Catherine nods, but she's more interested in the movie.
He mumbles in smothered terror; he twitches.
William wants to run, but he can't get his body to respond... and the hanging nobleman, his bloated tongue still bursting through his lips, moans...  WILLIAM tears himself from sleep; looking around, swallowing back his tears and panic.
Red-headed CAMPBELL, scarred and missing fingers, is stirred up, while his friend MacCLANNOUGH is reluctant.
William has been awake all night, afraid to sleep.
On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is preparing them.
William moves down to the room where his uncle would be sleeping.
Wind rushes in, blowing out his candle.
William has a bundle of clothes in his lap, and glances at his uncle as if afraid of his disapproval if he looks back.
We are in the -- Longshanks is being listened to by his advisors, all in the outrageous splendor of royal military dress, and all deathly afraid of him.
He looks dangerous.
As they break their embrace, a figure carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken door of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes.
It's the soldier with the scar, the one who's been staring at her.
As the townspeople try to move in the three soldiers waiting their turn at Marion pull their knives, keep them townspeople back.
She shouts to warn him that the scarred soldier, now bloodyfaced, has recovered from the rock and is behind William with a knife.
Marion controls him, but a flap of her ripped dress has caught on a crude nail, and as the frightened horse lunges forward again, she is pulled off its bare back, her dress catching and ripping at the same time, dropping her hard.
We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his horse pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with their eyes white with fear...
The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too.
Wallace's eyes shift, falling on Marion's blood, in a dark dry splash by the wall of the well, the stain dripping down onto the dirt of the street.
The messenger spurs his horse to gallop through -- and is hit in the chest with an axe!
On his FACE as he moves grimly up a dark castle staircase.
lying on his new tartan, in camp, with Hamish shaking him, William's arms clutched empty to his chest.
Wallace and his friends are starting to panic.
Pickering's men panic and run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident by their torches, fell with them in all directions.
Talmadge has begun to panic. the Scots are carving their way through the English soldiers; nothing can stop them.
sees the Scottish nobles attacking.
The English soldiers are in utter panic, running and being cut down on all sides.
Suddenly the men on the other end of the table change their attack.
Suddenly Wallace turns his back and walks toward the door.
It rumbles ominously TOWARD CAMERA...  THE CIVILIAN PANIC CONTINUES as more people join the swell of those leaving York.
Suddenly they look up in horror; the English are throwing the bodies of hanged Scots over the wall.
He approaches the central table with great dread and places the basket on it, uncovering its contents.
Edward rushes toward the window in horror.
Most of those there are shocked.
And as they draw nearer, Wallace hears a haunting noise.
The crossbowmen are distracted from their reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleash the dogs, fear races through the English line.
Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's horse!
He wakes, and listens to a strange noise.
are the assassins, killing knives ready.
Wallace wakes suddenly; sunlight!
He sits by a palace hearth, where a huge blaze burns; still he's huddled beneath a blanket, and coughing blood.
We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the street and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek.
On the platform are a noose, a dissection table with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an enormous axe.
He's just a scared Puerto Rican kid! JOSE immediately rolls over and feigns sleep as SCARFACE, a menacing guard with a jagged scar running down his cheek, looms close to COLE's cage and unlocks it.
A surreal image of abandoned buildings.
A large SPIDER tries to hide from the light.
BLACKNESS.
And it's her beeper that suddenly BEEPS.
The TERRIFIED TRAVELER looks up at YOUNG COLE, makes eye contact, but doesn't speak.
His eyes adjusting to the darkness, COLE watches them exit.
COLE has become preoccupied with a small SPIDER creeping along the window sill.
Grabbing the SPIDER, COLE scrambles back into bed just as the door opens and an ORDERLY probes the dark room with the blade of his flashlight.
He attacks the nearest man.
She looks a little like RAILLY except for the dark hair, the make-up.
The room is dark now, except...  a slide is being projected on a torn screen.
The BRUNETTE runs up the concourse, her back to YOUNG COLE, as frightened PASSENGERS duck for cover, SHOUTING!
The walls of the gloomy chamber are damp, sweating.
DRIZZLING RAIN.
COLE'S in a deep trench, naked, eyes wide with terror.
SUDDENLY, SHOTS RING OUT.
The AUDIENCE gives a nervous CHUCKLE.
RAILLY seems to be alone in the lot as she fishes keys from her purse, unlocks her car door, starts to open it when...  Suddenly, she's grabbed from behind in a choke-hold by a large shadowy MAN looming out of the darkness behind her.
RAILLY freezes, terrified, as he opens the rear door and scrambles in behind her.
RAILLY and COLE both react to the radio, suddenly alert.
RAILLY stares at him, then turns and is looking all around when, suddenly, COLE pulls her up tight and threatens...  ANGLE ON COLE, not listening, staring triumphantly!
RAILLY is considering her surroundings dubiously when, suddenly, COLE pulls her toward the mouth of a dark and forbidding alley.
Zipping his fly hastily, the SECOND THUG turns to deal with COLE but COLE attacks him.... rocking him again and again with savage blows that come one after another with lightning speed.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
RAILLY reacts, sudden fear in her eyes.
He looms over her.
A beat.
Then, suddenly, JEFFREY rushes to COLE and embraces him.
Panic.
SMASH.
Suddenly, he sees what he's looking for.
Disappeared.
Suddenly, the bedside phone RINGS.
CLOSE ON RAILLY, eager, concerned.
The knife clatters to the floor as WALLACE yelps in pain and COLE slams him to the floor, straddles his chest, retrieves the near-by knife, and presses it sharply against WALLACE'S neck.
RAILLY is pounding on the bathroom door now as, suddenly, it opens and COLE steps out, the knife in his right hand, dripping with blood.
In between nervous glances toward the door, RAILLY supervises as COLE obediently blocks the bathroom door with the bureau.
Turning, he faces the angry jaws of a BEAR only inches away Recovering from a jolt of terror, COLE realizes the BEAR is a life-size toy in the display window.
Looking at her laughing face, COLE is struck with horror as he realizes the truth!
MASON'S VOICE, plaintive, frightened.
He panics.
Suddenly, she backs up, gently maneuvering him with her, past the sleeping USHER, to and through an unlocked, unmarked door, then closing it behind them.
RAILLY'S POV:  the front page shows a photo of three frightened GIRAFFES in freeway gridlock under a headline proclaiming, "TERRORISTS CREATE CHAOS".
ANGLE ON RAZZLY, suddenly spotting DR.
PETERS, frightened, glancing back, walking faster.
A beat.
PETERS as frightened TRAVELERS SCREAM and dive for cover.
CRACK!
Suddenly, her gaze falls on YOUNG COLE and she reacts... she's found what she's looking for!
HIGH WIDE ON: TENS OF THOUSANDS of CHITAURI stand ready in a seething mass of neat rows and columns.... the ground simply Out in the NEW MEXICO desert, a remote research facility is in a state of panic.
CHAOS.
SELVIG clacks away at the keyboard and sees on the monitoring his worst nightmares.
Suddenly- the Tesseract THUNDERS and SHAKES the entire facility.
SHIELD GUARDS slowly approach, weapons in hands.
Loki jumps high from the platform and ATTACKS those firing at him.
He stops and waits to see who will attack him next.
Barton's eyes suddenly glow BLACK.
Loki, Barton, Selvig and the other S.H.I.E.L.D personnel are in the parking lot of the facility, quickly gathering certain weapons.
Then...  THE DESERT.
Out in the outskirts, near a railroad, a still in construction building is being occupied by GEORGI LUCHKOV, a LARGE, RUSSIAN GENERAL along with his THUGS.
Dialogue is in RUSSIAN.
Natasha is now scared.
Suddenly, WEASELLY THUG'S cell rings.
Like a spider, she stands up elegantly and starts ATTACKING TALL THUG by KICKBOXING him in the face.
Points to the energy in his chest plate.
As Pepper leaves with Agent Coulson, Tony grabs the Tesseract in holograph form, worried.
THE OTHER runs over to attack him, but stops as Loki points his scepter.
Steve walks up to Banner and shakes his hands.
Suddenly the HELICARRIER starts SHAKING as it prepares to fly "sail."
Banner, reluctantly shakes it.
He PLUNGES down the doctor's eye.
Suddenly, from Barton's instrument, a holographic eye of the head doctor appears and the image of the doctor appears on screen.
I'll fly you there.
Tony and Banner shake hands.
A beat.
An intelligence organization that fears intelligence?
Steve takes in the possibility, but as an obedient soldier, shakes it off.
Suddenly, he stops.
H.I.E.L.D monitors potential threat potential threats?
His voice has the change in it -- the bitter amusement is morphing to a growled threat.
She stops.
She stops.
Loki walks up to him and CROUCHES down to attack.
Loki stands there in caution, as does his GUARDING Suddenly, GUARDING SOLDIER falls down like a tree.
As he forces the knife down, she BITES his wrist.
Barton lets go of the knife.
A beat.
Natasha watches over him as Barton tries to shake off Loki's mind control.
A blinding BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on MJOLNIR.
Loki TAPS Tony on the chest with his scepter.
They and their weapons collide.
Suddenly, the city LURCHES to a stop.
They look up and see Loki taking his band down the street and FIRES at the street IN A TERRIFIED PEOPLE running from Loki, looking over their shoulders, coming straight at us.
TWO CHITAURI SOLDIERS attack.
She then JUMPS on the rider and STICKS her knives into his nervous system.
THE HULK jumps in, ready to attack.
As Thor takes the reins, a CHITAURI LEVIATHAN crashes through a building, knocking him down to where Cap is, fighting off SOLDIERS.
Suddenly, another 7 ALPHA 11 JET FLIES off.
He presses it.
PEPPER, along with her crew, watches on T.V., in horror, the destruction in NEW YORK.
Tony looks in horror.
We then see Tony's horror.
Suddenly, all of the CHITAURI SOLDIERS and CHITAURI LEVIATHANS KEEL OVER and begin to SHAKE, then stop.
Suddenly, a flashlight cuts open the darkness and we find ourselves in -- The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way across the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms as it spooled soot up the walls and ceiling leaving patterns of permanent shadow.
In blind panic, another airs his gun, the barrel, a fixed black hole -- And FIRES -- Trinity twists out of the way, the bullet missing as she reverses into a roundhouse kick, knocking the gun away.
He shakes his head, not completely sure what happened.
He hangs up.
The WIND suddenly BLASTS up the face of the building, knocking Neo off balance.
The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the dark sedan.
Wild with fear, he lunges for the door but the agents restrain him holding him in the chair.
It CONTINUES RINGING, building pressure in the room, forcing him up out of bed, sucking him in with an almost gravitational force.
She hangs up.
He strides to Neo and they shake hands.
The mirror creeps up his neck as Neo begins to panic, tipping his head as though he were sinking into the mirror, trying to keep his mouth up.
Neo begins to drown when he is suddenly snatched from the flow of waste.
The wind is knocked from Neo's chest.
There are several disturbing NOISES as he works the needle in.
The room is dark.
Everyone is asleep.
Neo swallows another throat- scorching mouthful.
He hangs up.
Mouse's body thrashes against its harness as -- BULLETS POUND him against the blood-splattered brick window.
Cypher is carried out, hand-cuffed, his body still shaking, mucus bubbling out his nose.
He fires -- But Morpheus' is too fast, using the manhole cover as a shield, blocking the darts, then -- Frisbee-ing it into the cop's armored chest, knocking him off his feet.
Across the street is the burning paddy wagon that appears to have collided witli an oncoming car.
Dead machines, eviscerated and shrouded with dust lay on metal shelves like bodies in a morgue.
Cypher holds his chest.
She suddenly feels her body severed from her mind as she is murdered.
She turns to Neo, eyes wide with fear, and he knows he is next.
Cypher is on the ground, his left leg blown off at the knee.
She glares at him.
A dark wind blows.
They cut across the lobby drawing nervous glances.
Dark glasses, game faces.
He looks up the long, dark throat of the building and takes a deep breath.
Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly and slides open.
An enormous EXPLOSION THUNDERS above them, shaking the building.
Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used with the same deadly precision as their feet and their fists.
Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is behind him.
Marines, trying to communicate with the men on the roof, are beginning to panic when Agent Jones comes around the corner.
Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls.
Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain.
Both shaking, they hold each other again.
The Old Man is shaking, terrified.
He starts to turn from the edge of the building when he suddenly hears it, his head whipping back around, staring -- As the Old Man stares.
And this time Agent Smith's attack is too much, an unrelenting fury, fists pounding like jackhammers.
The Agent is about to jump down, and press his attack when he hears sonething.
Neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its emergency brake.
She pounds on his chest.
He steps out of the phone booth and starts walking, wearing a long black coat and dark glasses.
Suddenly, Sue Ann is hit by an errant rubber ball.
HOLD on David's shocked expression ...   MUSIC UP AS Betty's not sure what Del said, but the panic in his voice got through.
Del is facing her, tiny rivulets of blood running into his terrified eyes.
Wesley stands at his shoulder, still holding a handful of his hair, still poised with the knife.
A terrified SCREAM as the cake lands unceremoniously on the entryway.
A police car pulls up to Sue Ann's house.
Suddenly, she hits the gas and bolts off along the Oklahoma blacktop.
Charlie climbs down from the big rig and heads across the parking lot.
Merle SLAMS his hand down on the bar, scaring her.
She looks worried.
She hangs up.
He hangs up.
As they near Emergency the NOISE LEVEL picks up.
Betty walks toward her calmly, indifferent to the danger as Rosa pulls the gurney out of the ambulance herself.
She peels back the bandages over a huge chest wound.
Charlie POUNDS on the hood of the car, scaring Wesley.
Wesley is in the car, but he's too scared to tell Charlie, whose eyes are blazing.
A moment of silence as they drive.
They shake hands.
She stops.
It's a standoff.
He hangs up.
Austere.
She's shaking with fear.
Suddenly a light snaps on for her and she stares at him.
Suddenly, she hears a familiar voice.
Betty nods, scared, and looks through the peephole.
He has trouble starting this.
It falls soundlessly onto his chest.
She looks at Roy in a slightly different way before crawling away toward the kitchen.
Lyla shakes her head "no." George and Betty sit across from one another in a booth.
Her large Victorian skirt spreads across the men's arms and backs, on her head a black bonnet, around her neck her pad and pen.
Sc 12     EXT     BEACH                         DAY     Sc 12 ADA is sheltering behind the crated piano, anxiety etched on her face.
FLORA  is asleep at her feet a half eaten biscuit in her hand ADA has found a gap through the crate so that she might lift the lid and play a few notes.
ADA is hand signaling a story to FLORA who lies back watching, nervous and afraid.
He walks to another chest She writes "clothes".
ADA gets worried, the piano is being left alone.
None of this is a concern to ADA who is distracted with fear for her piano.
BAINES and he are but small dots in this giant earth scar Sc 43     INT     BAINES' HUT                    DAY     Sc 43 Inside BAINES' hut the old man feels the piano.
It takes off under the house.
She is shy and nervous She turns to BAINES who nods.
BAINES moves close, he goes down on his knees to watch her feet on the pedals.
Then suddenly aware of her stillness he too becomes still.
She is surprised then anxious as she fears the deal may be off when there are flaw so few keys to go.
She looks over at the house suddenly aware that the piano playing has stopped again.
She stops.
BAINES' face crumples with the exquisite pain of his pleasure, ADA cradles his head to her chest.
BAINES struggles through her dress anxious to touch her skin.
There are sounds inside which are worrying him.
ADA is distracted, collecting her buttons from the floor, concerned at the time past, worried to dress and return.
Her movement and moans increase until she wakes suddenly sitting bolt upright.
His eyes well with tears and he looks up into her face like a child after a bad dream, fearful and trusting.
ADA sees where they are headed and suddenly she is very scared.
ADA blinks rigid with fear.
Her face is ashen, her eyes fearful as she walks unseeingly straight into a large tree stump.
STEWART wraps the finger in a white handkerchief and gives it to FLORA who backs away from him terrified.
A soft rain begins to fall.
It is raining hard as he rides out, hatless, shoeless and gunless, but clutching to his chest ADA's engraved key.
BAINES kneels in front of her shaking her.
BAINES stops shaking her, she scrambles away and out the door.
She looks back at him worried.
Suddenly be looks off in to the far distance.
Over her head she has a dark cloth, her voice makes low guttural sounds as it repeats the vowels.
(Hood.)
(Is it a ghost.)
WITH REVISION #5  (Goldenrod.)
November 4, 1987            November 23, 1987 WITH REVISION #4  (Yellow.)
We ARE LOOKING east past Inglewood INTO the orange grid of L.A. at night when suddenly we TILT UP TO CATCH the huge belly of a landing 747 -- the noise is deafening.
Suddenly, he hears -- McClane turns, looks at the Babbit clone next to him.
Caught, he tenses, holds his armrests in exaggerated fear.
McClane tries to get comfortable, scowls as a RUSTLING NOISE reveals wrappers and styrofoam from Taco Bell.
As he approaches the 30th floor we hear a tremendous THUMPING, THROBBING NOISE.
As the doors open the noise ATTACKS us.
Suddenly the other man pulls out a Walther pistol with a silencer and aims it at the Guard's forehead.
The killer moves behind the desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard.
It, too, is dead.
As they grow closer, we hear the noise of the speakers growing louder and louder.
Two terrorists, FRANCE and FRITZ, armed with M-5 machine guns searching the offices on the hall one by one.
The other terrorist, Franco, goes to Ellis' office and opens the door.
He's clearly scared but trying to fake courage.
CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Holly, concerned.
Suddenly he looks up at the ceiling and sees a sprinkler head.
Tony heads toward the noise.
McClane suddenly PISTOL WHIPS Tony across the head.
Tony REELS, then swallows, worried for the first time.
The Dispatcher looks critically at the Supervisor in the sudden silence.
Suddenly McClane turns a corner and sees Karl.
He turns out his lighter, and starts crawling.
The three terrorists rush down from the roof in hot pursuit, Karl leading the way through the door.
Suddenly the duct McClane is in GROANS slightly under his weight.
A lone police black-and-white pulls out of the shadows of a side street and begins a slow cruise toward the Nakatomi building.
Suddenly a tall terrorist, James, moves along the wall and looks over at Powell's car.
Suddenly Marco's body CRASHES onto the hood of his car.
Suddenly a barrage of MACHINE GUN FIRE from Alexander on the third floor drowns out his call!
A trailer is being backed into a parking lot, which will become the police center of operations.
What the hell?
An unmarked police car pulls up across the street from Nakatomi building and a MAN in a sportcoat climbs out.
He savors the dregs of his current number, then suddenly becomes aware of an almost EERIE QUIET.
Shadows move on trailer walls.
Suddenly rifle fire sounds from the building.
More shots ring out from the building going over the SWAT officers' heads and suddenly the huge dome of one of the spotlights shatters behind Mitchell and Robinson's head.
The two SWAT officers cutting the garage ate suddenly look up as their cover starts to disappear.
They look on in horror as the armored car sits helplessly on fire.
The hostages are shaken and the terrorists guarding them aren't too sure of themselves either.
Holly worries.
He suddenly REACTS to a GROAN from McClane.
Hands shaking, eyes filled with fear, he swallows, looks up at McClane and in a perfect American accent says: Hans' eyes dart towards: Where a tiny piece of his gun sticks out, barely visible.
The poor frightened civilian shows a hint of a smile.
Hans is still a "nervous wreck."
Hans nods, still "frightened".
As Thornburg GRINS we GO TO: Eddie and Uli are guarding the hostages.
The FBI guys look at the dark building, than at the LAPD guys.
Suddenly a GUN BARREL is pressed against his head.
Uli herds the hostages up onto the roof, pushing the last few out.
They float toward us, hugging the street, their prop wash shaking the trees.
The overtaxed metal SNAPS, links flying: Hans' face registers his horror as he and most of the watch suddenly drop.
Smoke drifts up from what has suddenly become the top floor.
As the crowd panics trying to escape, Karl locks eyes with McClane and levels his gun.
Suddenly McClane and Holly squint as LIGHTS pan onto them.
This causes a few nervous glances in the room.
The basic outfitting is masculine enough, but the room is full of feminine little accents; flowers in vases, porcelain desk accessories etc. Donovan is slightly overwhelmed.
Suddenly, there's a voice at the door.
Sprawled across him asleep is a MEXICAN WOMAN in her late twenties.
Vaughn shakes it and nods.
On Hayes' look, we...  It's dark.
Everyone's asleep.
Suddenly Hayes, in his pajamas and bare feet comes streaking toward the starting line in hot pursuit.
He plays them off to his left side a bit, almost as if he's afraid to get bit by them.
Vaughn's hand freezes on his locker latch, afraid to open it now.
taking a hard ground ball off the chest.
Even at this size we can tell it scares the hell out of him, but it works its magic.
Suddenly, his reverie is interrupted by the sound of applause.
Suddenly the silence is shattered by a loud explosive SOUND, scaring the hell out of everybody.
It's outside.
He goes up the stairs and knocks on the door.
He shakes anyway.
He's worried.
Vaughn shakes his head no.
He emerges onto the box level to see Lynn disappearing down the ramp toward the parking lot. in the parking lot.
Both are winded.
blowing fast balls by hitter.
He's hurting.
hitting a prodigious home run onto the roof.
Most of the other players are asleep after a late night of partying.
The two shake hands.
We take CUTS of worried faces on the bench.
Vaughn nods, but we can tell he's too nervous to have digested any of that.
Vaughn watches him come with fear and trepidation.
Vaughn shakes it off.
Vaughn shakes it off.
101 on the gun.
The first baseman looks up to see something that strikes fear into his heart across the field.
Atop him...  she straddles his chest... her breasts in his face.
She arches her back...  her hips grind... her breasts are high...  Her back arches back... back...  her head tilts back... she extends her arms...  the right arm comes down suddenly...  the steel flashes...  his throat is white...
It is more a mansion than a house.
A beat.
It hangs there.
And she is suddenly out of the bedroom.
They watch her.
He watches her.
They watch him.
MARTIN NILSEN  is suddenly there.
Beth Gardner, the police psychologist, is suddenly there.
A beat.
He sits in an unmarked police car on a hillside above the house, watching.
She suddenly starts speeding up on this dangerous road, cutting in and out, passing cars very fast.
He watches.
Blackness.
He stops.
He pulls up to the house, gets out of his unmarked police car.
The door suddenly opens.
He watches her.
He watches her.
He storms into the big room.
He hangs it up.
They watch him.
She stops.
He watches her.
She turns suddenly.
He watches her.
It is large, dark, shadowy It was once the sacristy.
He watches.
Atop him...  she leans close over his face, her tongue in his mouth... kneeling over him...  she moves his arms above his head... moves higher atop him...  her breasts in his face... she reaches over to the side...  a white silk scarf is in her hand... she moves higher above him...  kneeling over his face... moving oh-so-slightly...  his face strains towards her.
And he is inside her...  her arms above him... his eyes open...  she kisses his neck... bites but not hard...   moves... grinding hard against him now.. she is on her knees...  head arches back.. her breasts high.. still grinding.
It is dark, quiet.
She startles him.
He lies on the bed in the dark, quiet room.
He wakes up.
A beat.
He watches her.
He hurls himself across the Porsche's hood...  barely avoiding the car.
She is dead.
They shake hands with him.
Nick is driving down winding road to Stinson house.
He watches her.
She watches him.
The apartment is dark.
She is startled.
He starts going up the dark stairway.
Gus is suddenly there, onway to his car.
It stops.
It stops.
He is dead.
He spins suddenly, gun, in hand.
She is hit in the chest, goes down.
And she dies.
There are flecks of blood on it.
He hangs up.
He starts to walk up the dark stairway, we see him walking up several flights of steps.
The apartment is dark.
Beat.
Weir's eyes grow large with fear and then the anaesthesia hits.
Weir reaches out to touch her shoulder, then pulls his hand back, afraid.
He is drowning.
He presses against the glass of the tank, trying to force it open, panicked.
The crew surrounds him, concerned.
The cluster buckles under the stress.
The corridor ends at a pressure door.
She never saw the horror behind her.
The gravity wave surges forward, blowing out emergency lights as it comes, flotsam and jetsam swirling in its wake... Data floods Miller's workstation, flashing across the screen too fast for comprehension...
Miller tries to get his bearings in the dark.
The darkness of the Core ripples...  Justin suddenly emerges from the darkness, a white figure riding a wave of impenetrable blackness.
An emergency klaxon RINGS out: PRESSURE WARNING.
Miller follows Weir's gaze to the wall: a Rorschach test in blood...  PULL BACK from the bridge windows TO REVEAL...
It glistens with blood.
Beat.
Beat.
Comatose.
She GASPS.
The Airlock light turns red -- a warning.
Suddenly, the lights fade out.
She speaks again, no longer far away, but a close WHISPER in his ear: Weir's eyes open wide in hope and fear.
The scalpel falls from his hands.
Beat.
He tries to shake her off, but she traps his arm in a wrist-lock.
Afraid to breathe.
Weir shakes the trance.
Peters' voice barely penetrates the pressure door: Justin turns off the artificial gravity.
A yellow warning light flashes.
A warning klaxon WHOOPS, deafening.
She is dead.
FIRES.
A web of cracks spreads out from the bullet, the glass SHRIEKING under the pressure.
Miller attacks.
A dark sphere of energy spreads out from the containment as the gateway opens...
MOVE towards the ship until its shadow consumes all...  Starck awakens but the SCREAMS continue as the Event Horizon calls out to her... she SCREAMS...  hands on her body... the CRIES stop...  Starck looks around uncomprehending at the faces around her. Cooper pushes them aside.
O.S. we hear a faint rattling noise from somewhere in the house.
She quickly hangs up the phone before the silence can be broken by the voice she knows is waiting on the other end.
Jill is terrified.
She starts to shake.
Although his face is hidden in shadows, we can see from his hands that he is engaged in writing something down.
Clifford stands and they shake hands.
It looks like a nervous facial movement.
Garber stops suddenly, stunned.
A car pulls into the parking lot behind the station.
Across the street in a dark space between two buildings, Duncan is waiting, watching the front door of the bar to see who comes out.
She is starting to come apart, and she suddenly leans on Clifford for support.
Tracy looks at him for a breathless moment, her eyes wild with fear.
Then she screams.
He is frightened, but he feels safe for now.
We can't tell what he is thinking, except that he's obviously deeply frightened and cannot understand what's happening to him.
The "chit-chit" noises grow steadily louder as the boy's apprehension turns to fear, then to terror.
Suddenly, we cut back to a WIDE SHOT of the room.
Then, just as suddenly, the boy starts wailing again and he runs off down the alleyway.
He's sleeping, but his eyes suddenly open, sensing danger.
He is but six or seven bodies away when Duncan jumps up suddenly and bolts for the door.
Duncan flees through a narrow door off to the side of the church.
Duncan is hidden deep in the shadows of a nook between two buildings, catching his breath.
They shake warmly.
A wall phone in the kitchen starts to ring.
John stops suddenly.
She is shaking and sobbing uncontrollably.
The children are in bed, asleep.
June closes her eyes and immediately falls back to sleep.
She is shocked.
John is fast asleep next to her, on his side facing away from her.
Suddenly, the lights go out.
He closes his eyes and is asleep.
John is still asleep facing the wall.
Her eyes still riveted to the door, Jill grabs her husband's shoulder and shakes him, her voice cracking with fear.
Duncan, the hideous and terrifying sound of his madness grumbling out of his throat, manages to grab the back of her nightgown.
Duncan is on her in a flash, clutching at her and moving his hands for her throat.
He is dead.
Pete, covering his worry well, drives onto the lot.
Nearly out of breath and panicking, Pete shucks off the jacket and heads for the surface.
Everything shakes.
Beat.
There's a noise offscreen, and Lardner looks up.
Beat.
He starts kissing her neck, and she suddenly realizes -- she's stopped hiccuping.
Halfway down, she stops suddenly and stares at Luke.
Adele's staring at Luke, Lardner's staring at Luke, and Luke's getting nervous.
Caesar and Coca are involved in an intricate bit of business, and Lardner wants to laugh, but he's afraid to.
The rickety old upright is tinny-sounding and slightly out- of-tune.
Suddenly...  LUKE'S A GHOST!!
He raises his arms and plays the bogeyman for the kids, who scream in mock terror and scatter, as Harry and Adele laugh.
Luke tenses...  the building starts shaking... and the train passes by behind the theater.
"B-I-J-O-U" is proudly emblazoned across his chest in gold brocaded letters.
His eyes lock upon Suddenly, all of Pete Appleton's worries have come crashing down on him...  ... because he remembers...
Luke, gripped by a sudden fear, rushes up the aisle and into the lobby.
Doc Lardner has a stethoscope to his chest.
Now, there's nothing in the least bit threatening about the gathering -- and that's what's so disturbing about it.
Shock.
Beat.
Rory's getting worried.
Beat.
Adele breathes a sigh of relief.
Beat.
Beat.
He stops suddenly.
Pete's terrified, but in control.
Silence in the room.
We BOOM UP TO THE TOP OF THE THEATER, and the "BIJOU" sign...  ... as the train RUMBLES BY behind the theater...  ... and the "J" teeters loose and swings by a thread...  ... and we IRIS DOWN ON IT AND.... Above Midtown section of the city.
Suddenly, we tip downward, go to the narrow space between shade and sill, peep into the room.
Lowery is a pleasant, worried-faced man, big and a trifle pompous.
Mary watches the entire exchange with a look of stony horror on her face.
Mary looks worried about having to make this stop, keeps her face turned away from the shack, not wishing it to be seen.
She is disturbed and angry and frightened at her inability to act normally under the pressure of guilt.
She suddenly turns off the highway.
She stares at the papers, turns away, as if what she is fearing would have to be impossible, then, having to satisfy herself, goes to the stand, drops a dime in the iron slot, picks up a LOS ANGELES newspaper, starts back into the car lot as she glances worried at the front page.
She looks at him, in near panic, wanting to skip the whole thing.
All these panic-fears rush her mind and she can do nothing.
He pauses a moment, then drives across the lot, passing the office, going on to the other exit, stops there as Mary's car is driven back onto the lot.
CAMERA IS CLOSE on Mary's face now, recording her anxiety, her fears.
The oncoming headlights blurt at her. Suddenly we HEAR Lowery's voice, loud now and frightened, as if the anxiety in the man's voice was strong enough to break through Mary's effort to keep her mind silent and her imagination blank.
She is becoming aware of the rain starting.
She presses down, forces the car to move on through the flooded road.
A look of pure horror erupts in her face.
A low terrible groan begins to rise up out of her throat.
The CAMERA now moves away over to the window and looks up to the house, and as it gets there we HEAR, coming from within the house, the SOUND of Norman's fearful, shocked voice.
He dashes into an extreme close up and we see the terror and fear ripe in his face.
He works carefully, with his arms extended away from his body, slowly pulls the dead body out of the tub, drags it across the tile floor and onto the spread-out shower curtain in the bedroom.
Then he picks up the wrapped body, crosses to the door, uses his foot to pull the door open, and, leaving the door open behind him, goes quickly across the porch and gently lays the body in the trunk.
Suddenly there is the LOW, THROBBING SOUND of a motor.
Norman begins to panic, he steps dangerously close, pushes with his foot.
Lila studies him with a quiet, worried expression.
As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying him intently as she says: Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hostile expression on Lila's face.
She stops, the anxiety and fear building up in her, her eyes beginning to fill with worried tears.
Norman switches on the overhead light, starts for the linen closet, suddenly pauses, turns, studies Arbogast, who has remained standing by the door.
The house is dark within except, as we can now see, for a faint spill of light in the foyer, light which comes from the upstairs hall.
The knife slashes across his cheek and neck.
Blood spurts.
The sudden attack throws him off balance.
A wicked knife keeps thrusting itself into the foreground.
She turns and again looks to the deserted street with a touch of anxiety.
He is still.
We see Lila's desperate anxious look.
A dark, quiet, tree-ceilinged street, the small neat houses dim in the moonlight.
Suddenly he rises, starts quickly out of the room, tries to switch off the lamp as he goes and in so doing succeeds only in knocking the bird off the shade.
Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts toward the church.
As the truck drives off, For a moment, both are silent; Sam watching the road as if there were other cars on it, Lila staring at nothing in particular, except perhaps her own inner fear.
He has pulled the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down at the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who is standing by the truck and looking up at the house.
We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of panic and his struggle to contain it.
The CAMERA approaching the house.
She goes to it, knocks lightly.
He is close to panic now.
Something self-assured and confident in Sam's tone gives Norman a new, more terrified alarm.
He looks back at Sam and there is terror in his voice.
For a moment Lila panics, then she hurries down the steps, cannot go in the direction of the front door, remembers the stairway behind her, turns and runs in that direction.
His footsteps on the stairs followed by the fast noises of doors opening, of fast moving about an upstairs room.
Lila calls a harsh, frightened whisper.
Lila looks at it in horror.
The terrified, fight-to-the-death look of Sam.
The scene has a bright glare about it, that quality of sudden light thrown on a fearful darkness.
The Police Guard, carrying the blanket, comes down this corridor, goes to the door.
The Police Guard has placed the blanket on Norman's knees.
Suddenly, A GIANT YELLOW FROG jumps onto the keyboard, fritzing the monitor.
are in possession.
He carries a terrible battle scar oon his face.
are stunned.
Now Zim attacks.
Zim sweeps Shujumi's legs, puts a knee in the little man's throat.
Zim yanks the knife out of the post.
The two late cadets are terrified.
The recruits stare in horror.
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
They start to caress again when suddenly ALARMS sound.
Dizzy is suddenly standing next to him.
Around the room there's singing and dancing, a mad sort of revelry bred of fear and excitement, but nearby a VETERAN drinks alone.
Each has a similiar scar: Lightning bolts on a shield and the words:	DEATH FROM ABOVE. of every class maneuver in tight orbit around the orange planet.
Johnny touches down, stares in horror as Kitten Smith's head rolls past his fee.
stare at the BATTLE-SCARED STARSHIPS and BURNT-OUT HULKS that line the docks of Ticonderoga.
Johnny's wounds are now mostly scars except for his leg where delicate robotic arms culture layers of new tissue.
There are scars, power prosthetics, and one, big SUGAR WATKINS, 26, wears a bug claw on a chain around his neck.
Horrified, knee-deep Roughnecks set them afire.
It' dead, too.
Suddenly, the ground collapses under Rasczak.
holds Dizzy in his arms, drenched in her blood, fighting G-forces as the boats heads for orbit.
Carmen touches the scar over her eye.
Suddenly, everyone has someplace to go.
She's right out of Tereshkova, and she looks scared.
PANICKED CREW shoving, screaming, fighting.
The warriors holding Carmen threaten.
Kay and Dee move past him and approach the row of nervous immigrants.
From behind Mikey, they hear a terrified GASP.
Janus freezes, terrified.
He jabs a finger into Janus' chest.
The Perp, now straddled by Edwards, is terrified.
The Perp SCREAMS inhumanly and panics.
At the sound of Kay's voice, Jeebs suddenly pales, a look of fear coming over his face.
Jeebs, panicked, hits a button on the underside of the counter, which promptly flips over, revealing yet another dusty shelf, piled high with junk -- -- but this is all alien junk.
Kay raises the weapon again, threatening.
Edgar staggers back a step, terrified.
BEATRICE sits at the kitchen table, terrified, still wiping away tears from Edgar's diatribe.
She looks up at him, anxious.
Frightened, she takes a glass of water from the table.
Stillness.
The morning light spills on an abundance of spiders, crawling everywhere -- big ones, small ones, hundreds of them have moved in and taken over this dusty place.
LETHAL GAS starts to HISS from the end of the hose.
For the first time since we've seen him, Kay is nervous.
Redgick gets out of the car, worried.
He heads into Leshko's, a Russian diner.
Rosenberg and the Arquillian freeze, paralyzed with fear.
ROSENBERG'S CAT, still on his chest, MEOWS curiously as the stretcher approaches two doors with "City Morgue" written across them.
In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her head in her arms.
Suddenly, the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently.
sinking her hands into the body as she moves things aside.
Inside the van, the ornate rosewood box is now battered and scarred, its various locks holding tight against EDGAR's repeated attempts to claw his way into it.
SMASH!
In the morgue, LAUREL is working at a desk when suddenly ROSENBERG'S CAT leaps up onto it from nowhere, the way cats do, landing right in the middle of the file she's studying.
Suddenly, quick as a gunfighter, Tony SNAPS the fly swatter down on a BUZZING FLY.
He's dead, a frozen look of terror on his face and the can of Raid still clutched in his hand.
ORION the cat suddenly attacks, leaping off the top of the cabinet and landing on Edgar, HISSING and scratching and clawing for all she's worth.
Standoff.
He's running from cab to cab, pounding on windows, scaring the living shit out of people -- -- but Laurel and Edgar are nowhere to be found.
Jay, terrified, holds on for dear life.
JAY looks on, in stunned horror...  AS THE BUG TURNS TO JAY AND STRETCHES TO ITS FULL HEIGHT and lets loose a Laurel is still watching.
ON THE BUG.
He winces.
STANLEY looks down at his LAP in horror.
He chuckles...  Suddenly his view of the street DISAPPEARS.
He jumps back inside, waits, opens the door again...  His eyes widen in horror as he steps out to survey the scene.
She's overcome with emotion.
She hears a sudden GASP from the kitchen.
STU is suddenly aware of something LONG, RED, and WET unrolling onto his shoulder.
STU is giving chase when - suddenly - a DOOR blows open in the chill night wind.
STU backs away involuntarily, with a mounting sense of dread... and MONKEYBONE jumps into his arms, clinging to him fearfully.
MONKEYBONE scurries alongside, terrified.
MONKEYBONE cowers in fear as the REAPER gets up, shaking a fist at them.
The REAPER, scared shitless, jumps back on his bike and PEDALS OFF as the ball whizzes past.
Her hand goes to her mouth in horror and grief.
The ORB is where nightmares happen.
The DARKTOWNERS are rubbing their hands together in anticipation of horrors to come.
STU looks from one misshapen face to the next, his heart pounding with dread.
And the BACKGROUND behind her MORPHS suddenly into...
It's obvious that the nightmares they're watching are more than mere entertainment - they get some kind of addictive, visceral charge from the spectacle of human terror.
STU breaks free and FLINGS HIMSELF on the ORB - which SHORTS OUT in a haze of smoke and sparks, abruptly ending the nightmare.
The group exchanges nervous glances: it's risky.
Panic time!
MONKEYBONE covers both eyes and wails in fear.
It's STU'S PAINTING - the one ALICE found in the closet, the wolf-surgeon canvas from his scary period - - and as the bicycle SLAMS INTO IT, it begins to TOPPLE OVER - PINNING STU against the ground underneath!
Terrified, she rolls out of the way.
The house is crawling with PRESS.
He can't move anything except his EYES; he looks right, left, up, down...  ...and suddenly he sees HYPNOS winking into view directly in front of him!
STU-BONE sits up suddenly in bed.
A LIGHT goes on suddenly in the outside hallway!
A purple cloud of NIGHTMARE GAS hits BUSTER in the face.
Disheveled but triumphant, STU-BONE stands up, pounds his chest with both fists, and lets out a Tarzanian ROAR.
The Dark Town audience is scratching its collective head at Buster's dream, which is showing in one of HYP'S NIGHTMARE ORBS.
He finds KITTY hunched in the corner on all fours, surrounded by blood and tufts of fur and an abandoned GUARD'S HAT.
They hear FOOD raining down behind them.
The nightmare drug is kicking in!
He's PSYCHOTIC: The three women exchange looks of stupefied HORROR.
Suddenly he notices the COPS marching up with JULIE, O.D. STU and co. in tow.
He freezes, terrified - BACKS AWAY from the BABE - - and catches a BAT IN THE FACE.
He manages to grab ONE END of the liver - but a TIGER gets the other end - - and it's a TUG-OF-WAR until the tiger BITES the liver in half, sending the terrified SURGEON sprawling on the pavement outside the bars!
When the punchbowl strikes, he GOES DOWN HARD, PITCHING the ice chest...  ... at a pair of COPS who are over by the pinata, loading CONFISCATED MONKEYBONE DOLLS into a SHOPPING CART.
The ICE CHEST knocks them off their feet - and sends the SHOPPING CART rolling downhill!
JULIE et al SCREAM IN HORROR as the two bodies plunge earthward.
... and falling and falling until they SMACK INTO the hot asphalt of the parking lot, the deflated balloon settling over them like a shroud.
A BUNCH OF FRIGHTENED DARKTOWNERS pitch the quivering satyr out into the middle of the town square.
Suddenly, the light within goes out.
Camera arcs quickly around from over his shoulder to hold on door behind him, missing his face as he rises and turns to confront Miss Anderson, who has come into the room to shoo him out.
He shakes him.
Leland's head is seen to turn slightly as he looks into Kane's face - camera very close on this - Kane turns to him and we know their eyes have met, although their faces are almost in sillhouette.
As camera pulls back over shoulder of official, taking in Kane, Leland, and Bernstein, we see the bustle and noise of departing ocean liner.
More staff members in shirt sleeves in a state of panic.
A little blood flows.
He stops.
Kane is perplexed and worried, but we can see in a moment his mind will be on something else.
He stops himself.
The curtain starts to rise - the camera with it - the blinding glare of the foots moves up Susan's body and hits her face.
The street is wet - after a recent rain.
He bites his lip and rubs his knee again.
It's in moderate disorder.
Kane, with soaped hands, has rubbed his face and now cannot open his eyes, for fear of getting soap in them.
We see the same tableau as before - the terrified and trembling Susan, the apprehensive principals, the maids and singing teachers, the stage hands.
Beyond her, we see the prompter's box, containing the anxious face of the prompter.
Suddenly he starts to applaud furiously.
Susan, in a nightgown, is in bed, asleep.
The housekeeper, Mrs. Tinsdall, and a couple of maids are near the door but are too afraid to be in front of it.
Kane gives the glass ball a gentle shake and starts another snowstorm.
Kane shakes the ball again.
Something's wrong, then: the woman's body in an unnatural position, more thrown than laid across the bed.
Haunted eyes.
The third man - not much more than a KID, visibly frightened - backs towards the door.
The Kid freezes, his frightened BREATHS almost enough to drown the sound out.
Urban armor, scarred by countless nights of service.
Trevor stands his ground, not flinching at Max's threat.
She speaks with a Russian accent - smiling, a little nervous.
Russian Mob.
Natasha continues to TALK, her Russian anxious as Mona's bodyguards push through the crowd.
Max fights his way down a dark hall, searching the shadowed faces he passes.
As Max strains to see detail in the dark room, a face materializes in the haze: cheeks laced with tattoos, eyes twinkling flames sunk in deep shadow.
Natasha walks down a dark, desolate block, the sound of her HEELS echoing off of the crumbling buildings around her. Her eyes are still wild, her stride quick and aggressive.
The sound of much larger BEATING WINGS fills the alley...  Eyes wide with terror, Natasha searches for something in the shapes cast by the moths, dread deepening as she finds it: Natasha CRIES OUT, stumbling back.
She suddenly stops running...
Blood drips down the walls, shadows teem with movement...
The double doors fly open onto a massive office - dark wood panelling, a wall of windows glowing white from the snow.
BB stands beside him, anxious.
Unseen by Max, something moves in the shadows behind him...  long black shadows billow from the Figure's shoulders... Max backs away from the corner, deeper into the dark alley where three SHAPES are surging forward to meet him...  Max dodges, but his pistol's KNOCKED to the pavement.
He doesn't seem to hear - sweat streams down his terrified face, snowflakes frosting the perspiration on his chest.
Owen's eyes are instead drawn through the open windows...  Oblivious to the shapes outside, Max and Mona watch Owen's terror intensify, his dervish dance growing more frantic... Outside every window, BLACK SHAPES float closer in the air above the street - vaguely human, long wings POUNDING...  ...sending gusts of wind ripping through the windows, kicking up snow and ice.
Max runs his thumbnail into the gap, spreading glue CRACKLING - he flinches, almost afraid to cause the book pain.
He stops.
Blood spatters his gaunt face, but those eyes never change...  Straining, he moves the knife's tip closer to Max's belly... Max jams the barrel under the Junkie's leering jaw and PULLS THE TRIGGER.
The cop's eyes are wide with panic.
Peeking through the snow at Max's feet, an extension cord snakes under the shivering cop's legs and down the corridor.
Before he can fire again, Max pounces on the cop, driving a knee into his chest and wrenching the pistol away.
Jason Colvin approaches the desk, nervously watching the shadowed figure of Nicole Horne read through a document.
With dread, he reads a note below the drawing: The hypnotic motion of the train begins to change, the rhythm of the RAILS faltering a little.
The train rapidly loses speed...  life as the passengers' eyes adjust to the dark car... snow, covering the embankments along the railroad tracks and the broken-down houses in the distance.
Hell.
Colvin looks up, Max's words suddenly scarier than the gun.
Colvin's eyes show real terror.
Colvin begins to struggle harder than ever, but his fear isn't directed at the man with the gun standing over him.
The Guards.
The Guards chase after Max, slowed by the panicking crowd... Exhausted, Bravura plods up steps to a landing.
Suddenly, AUTOMATIC WEAPONS erupt nearby.
Suddenly, the metal door flies open, BANGING at the stop.
Lupino drives his knee into Max's chest.
The sudden shift in momentum pitches Lupino back.
In that instant, Max pulls the knife from his own shoulder and buries it to the hilt in Lupino's stomach.
Max clamps his hand over Lupino's throat, using his grip to force the knife deeper.
Lupino looks down at the knife in his stomach.
A stranger.
Intermittently, the lights go dark, the power faltering.
Desperation, panic move his limbs, but for nothing.
He kneels down over Max, whose body keeps shaking.
Max pushes their hands away, his strength suddenly regained.
The Ranking Officer and the Agent shake hands.
The big man scowls, nervous.
By Salle's face, that's a thought scarier than Max.
The giant glass-walled penthouse office of the Aesir building sits above the storm clouds.
They hesitate, form ranks...  ...and the frightened Guards charge into the great room.
Suddenly, bullets RIP through the Guards from behind.
Awaiting the next horror, Max is shocked by something else: White light splits open the smoke, cutting the black in two.
Suddenly, BOOT STEPS ring up the hallway behind Mona.
A shower of bullets strikes the doors as he steps outside.
BB watches Max's preparations, terror growing.
Unable to resist his panic, BB abruptly tries on a helpless smile.
A stiff wind buffets against his chest, forcing his unsteady legs to sway a little.
The people stop in their tracks and look up in the sky in terror.
There is cold, frozen fear in their eyes.
He is held terror-stricken.
As he stares at the ship with fascination and horror.
His mouth twitches and he emits a nervous little laugh.
OUR CAMERA MOVES IN to MED.
SHOT.
They are clearly frightened of what he may do.
None of the men has been harmed, but their faces show the utter terror of what they have experienced.
Sudden pandemonium breaks out.
Utterly terrified by what they have witnessed, the crowd becomes a wild, milling, screaming mob, concerned only with escape.
Standing by the debris of his tank, the man is immobilized with terror.
They are uncertain as to what they should do.
The door to the corridor opens and a worried young Captain enters.
Terrified, the M.P. turns to the nurse, who is standing in the doorway.
Their faces reveal their awestruck terror.
7. A terrified mother drags her two children in from the street through the front door, slams the door and bolts it.
She is fond of him, and she can't help being curious and concerned about his brush with the police.
He appears impatient, anxious to get going.
As he watches, a Jeep filled with armed soldiers -- apparently regular patrol -- drives up to the entrance of the building.
Suddenly he sees Klaatu again.
Suddenly, inside the building behind them, the giant figure of Gort looms silently in the doorway.
As he watches Klaatu enter the building, his curiosity conquers his fear and he starts tremblingly toward the structure.
as Bobby approaches the door, fearful but fascinated.
Suddenly a wave of sheer terror sweeps over him.
Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by an appeal to logic.
She is nervous and uneasy but obviously can't refuse.
Nervous and distracted, Helen doesn't want to get caught up in this jam.
Helen is terrified.
People carne pouring up the stairs wildly, feverishly anxious to escape the darkness below.
The other is seated at his wheel, looking around in awe and terror, his tough Manhattan heart shaken.
Staring bug-eyed at the strange street scene, the woman mutters some terror-stricken comment in Russian.
Suddenly and without warning, the elevator starts moving and the lights go on.
The look of concern on Klaatu's face heightens Helen's overwhelming fear and uncertainty.
Helen turns and starts determinedly for the lobby door, followed by Klaatu, as we-- Helen is nervous and worried as she speaks into the phone.
It is 6:00 P.M. and growing dark outside, but the lights are not on.
The secretary is getting out a telephone directory when the corridor door opens and Helen enters, tense and nervous.
Suddenly he has revealed himself, naked and distasteful.
Nervous and edgy, Helen glances at her watch impatiently.
A jeep filled with armed soldiers is moving down the street at a fast clip.
The trucks are filled with armed soldiers.
On this street also an armed convoy is racing by, headed by a Jeep mounting a .30
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
A C. and R. car is parked in the side street, facing the intersection, its occupants armed and helmeted.
shooting through the window at Helen and Klaatu, who are growing more tense and nervous.
He is dead.
And she disappears.
As he stops and looks up at the robot, his eyes go wide with terror.
Hurrying along a footpath, nervous and distraught, she pauses for a moment, looking at the entrance of the building.
as she stops advancing, rooted to the spot in fear.
Her eyes go wide with terror as she realizes she's trapped.
Too terrified to move, Helen watches as he busies himself with the apparatus.
Unable to guess the reason for these preparations, she is gripped with a terrible fear.
Helen rushes to the door and searches frantically for the knob -- only to find, to her terror, that there is none.
A squad of armed soldiers, led by the lieutenant, is admitted to the corridor by a Police guard and they start marching down the corridor toward a cell at the far end.
Alone in the cabin, Helen is still terrified.
shooting from the outside, near the front entrance to the building, through a window into the main room where the Police Sergeant's desk is.
From a socket in the wall he pulls a strange-looking hypodermic needle on the end of a cord or tube and gives Klaatu a shot in the arm.
Then, as they watch, there is a sudden gasp of terror.
The normal blinking of his piercing eyes as he gazes imperturbably at the audience is his only movement. of four delegates, reflecting their stark terror and bewilderment.
Something bad is happening in this house...  It's a Sikorski skimming across the water of Biscayne Bay on a moonlit night at living-room level past stilt houses.
Approaching is "Miss Ukraine."
They watch.
Two Russian slickster types.
Our two "Russians" approach from their Cadillac with a backup Cadillac and one driver on the other side.
As the two "Russians" get into theirs, Aryan Brother #1 turns from the running board of the Escalade with his driver's door open.
For the Russians in the car, time freezes.
JEAN-LOUIS BASTIDE, a Haitian in dark sweats.
approach the two deep V-hull go-fast boats with three engines off the back.
They're cautious.
approach their door.
One of her Russians is.
They defer to the Russian-speaking security.
Russians are ex-KGB.
Languages overheard:  smatterings of Russian, Hebrew and English.
Dark shadows.
He wakes up.
Light and situation flood in.
In his trousers, Crockett drapes an arm across her shoulders and they stand in the air.
He watches them, too.
a leather sap arcs through the air and descends onto her left shoulder, paralyzing her arm.
A blindfold goes over her eyes.
A tall wall of planting hides the $150,000 house from the road.
As they head down from the bridge... we see... lines run from the freighter to two go-fast boats.
He struggles.
Standoff.
The Old Woman in house dress is SCREAMING...   Her retarded Son sees Tubbs/Gina as a threat to his mother...grabs butcher knife... rushes forward during... FROZEN.
And, that fast, Tubbs' gun is back on target.
hears.
Dead.
And they attack Crockett and Zito, who are outgunned.
It's insane.
She's dead.
Suddenly, the door opens.
in stencilled body armor storm in through doors and windows.
The boat's gone.
We see CNN footage of some Iraqi soldiers - looking very tired, hungry and scared - surrendering to a CNN news crew.
War?
What war?
Looking back at the Iraqis, in a voice dead with fear: Epps and Jaeger look behind them.
All Wes can do is cover his head, and stay down like a scared little girl.
He's not hit, but it kicks him back down into the Humvee screaming with fear.
Wes is too scared to move.
A spastic, scared, relieved laugh escapes him.
This really scares Wes.
A nervous look punches it way onto Jaeger's face.
Jaeger just stands there, his fear swelling.
Epps storms over towards the Hummer leaving Jaeger to be all scared with himself.
Panic races up and down his spine.
Epps pulls a knife from his belt.
Epps waits a beat, afraid of what might happen, but there is no choice.
Jaeger stays down, afraid to get up.
Wind, but that's about it.
Jaeger's worked up a real scare.
He puts his panic into overdrive.
The three share a nervous look.
Jaeger, scared painted all over his face, sinks to his knees and looks as if he's about to go into shock.
Both Epps and Jaeger recoil, Jaeger going nuts with fear.
What is to stop him?
He tries to keep the apprehension from his voice, but it creeps in anyway.
The first light of day barely begins to fight its way through the dark.
Underneath him, an IRAQI SOLDIER - who already looks very badly injured; bloody, cut, slightly burned - babbles back in high pitched and frightened Arabic.
Even now, frightened but more calmly, the soldier goes on.
Jaeger goes somewhere near panic.
The Iraqi, face flush with fear; eyes filled with terror like a hunted animal, makes it to the rock face and starts to climb to the plateau above.
Jaeger is paralyzed by indecision.
They collapse, chests heaving like pistons as they suck air.
Suddenly he goes back into a panic.
Jaeger asks again with growing anxiety.
Epps hurriedly stumbles in the dark for the shack.
Jaeger quickly shakes Epps awake.
Epps and Jaeger turn on him targeting with their assault weapons, but they do not fire.
They chatter amongst themselves, but our boys have no idea what they're talking about, and that just makes things all the scarier.
Wes gets real calm again, which is almost as scary as him acting nuts.
Wes grabs an assault weapon from a near by Shi'ite and mounts up with blood in his eyes.
They break for a trail that leads further up the mountain, but it does little to shake loose their pursuers.
Fear gives way to desperation.
She goes faster, faster...  Suddenly Epps pulls up hard on the reins.
The car doesn't slow, tearing across the stretch of road where Jaeger lay, but swerves to avoid him.
Epps and Jaeger are too anxious to have this all over to say much, and the driver is too scared.
Epps snakes his way through the burning hulks towards their car.
As they approach, the shadow appears to be a giant rusting bow, rising up from the water, disappearing in the darkness above them.
A doll's white face, eyes haunting and coldly blue, stares into the middle distance.
If this place is creepy in the daylight, it is terrifying now.
THE BOOMING SOUNDS AGAIN, closer, as suddenly stopping.
She stops.
He stops.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Everything suddenly stops.
His body is tense and his arms arch rigidly toward his chest.
His jaw is clenched and he expels harsh, guttural utterances, experiencing something between a night terror and a seizure.
The buoy approaches, rising and falling with the swell.
Greer lies asleep on the bed.
He approaches from the other end.
It stops.
It stops.
She stops.
As Epps approaches, Greer behind her.
She stops.
They stop over it.
She looks to Greer, when a single dark spot appears on Epps' cheek.
It is dark, though spacious.
A beat.
A beat.
He stumbles back, a gash laid into his face, as Epps sucks in air, gagging and coughing, her neck purple with finger marks.
He's dazed and has blood in his eyes.
And we see that she has unhinged her gill knife.
He SCREAMS.
He sits in the sand hugging his legs to his chest, bobbing slightly as he speaks in his nonsensical language.
At the other end the light falls from the door at room 400.
The sitting room is dark as she holds there.
She stops.
She stops.
It stops.
As she approaches, she can see that the hatch is half open, swaying slightly with the movement of the ship.
Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly's window.
A GRISLY CAR CRASH from Nervous Norvus' TRANSFUSION album.
Kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding with a speeding flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs !
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking Freak!" Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
Kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the LOG TRUCK speed past.
She screams in horror and collapses against the SUV.
CRASH!
Kimberly cries in horror into Thomas' shoulder as her friends burn up in the wreckage.
Eugene sees Nora and Tim are hooked and speaks in scary campfire tones.
As the FIRE slowly spreads to nearby cereal boxes, Evan starts to panic.
By pushing the bottle up against the wall, it threatens to turn on one of the switches.
Evan, horrified, miraculously yanks his hand free, brushing against the knife in the toaster.
Safe and sound, he breathes a sigh of relief and turns to walk -- SUDDENLY he s lips on the very grease he threw out the window, his legs shoot out from under him and he lands on his back.
As Evan laughs, breathing a final sigh of relief, it suddenly PLUMMETS again -- impaling Evan through his eye socket!
Headlines blare, "Freak Accident?"
Adding to her anxiety.
The room is dark again.
She yanks the VCR cord from the wall and flicks on the lights, ridding the room of shadows.
A PHYSICIAN in a lab coat leads a nervous Kimberly down the center of a long corridor.
Her hair is patchy, her eyes dark and haunted.
Kimberly, shaken, does the math.
Reveal Nora taking her son Tim to a dentist's office.
Tim watches helplessly as Nora reaches down, tug ging at her sneaker, fear mounting.
Tim's eyes radiate fear.
Reluctantly.
The three slowly edge towards a room at the end of a creepy hallway.
Kimberly and Thomas are scared.
The Mortician, recrossing the room, passes Kimberly and stoops down to sniff, no INHALE, a terrified Kimberly's essence.
Drowning.
Terror- stricken.
Jorge turns to soothe the frightened Young Woman in the bed.
The trap flies over and knocks into the base of the unstable Grabber - which tips and slowly slides down the wall.
Kimberly looks concerned.
The nervous group finishes safe-proofing the apartment.
Suddenly, STREETLIGHT FLICKERS ON for the evening.
Terror.
Nora panic,s as Eugene and the Man try to untangle her braid.
Kat gasps in horror to see this poor woman suspended above the floor.
He stares transfixed as Nora's head, still aghast in terror, rolls around the floor.
He approaches Thomas and lunges for his GUN - yanking it from the holster!
The others shrink back in terror.
In the corner, Eugene shivers to himself.
Desperately looking for signs of danger.
He rushes across the room, pulls a lever, unlocking the cell.
The moment is still surreal as Brian steps back, further away from the horrors he can't face.
As the tip of the needle presses the skin down -- The BEE lands on the Anesthesiologist's ear.
Suddenly, Kimberly clutches her throat!
Nearby, a RESPIRATOR plunges up and do wn, the RESPIRATOR TUBE snaking down Eugene's throat.
Thomas jumps in the backseat, buckles up...  Kimberly's eyes widen in fear.
As Eugene shudders with dread, the Orderly pushes a huge cart in front of him, again obscuring his view.
Eugene goes white with terror.
A RAT APPEARS behind Eugene's pillow, CRAWLS over his chest and disappears by his stomach!
The Obstetrician's hands go to work.
Drowning.
Kimberly panics as the ambulance fills with water and she takes a final gasp of air -- Thomas stares in horror at the percolating air bubbles as the vehicle descends below the surface -- and he dives in! Thomas swims into the dark, murky water.
Shakes his head, nothing.
Outside, a parting of dark clouds causes a shaft of sunlight to flood into the hospital.
Mr. Gibbons hands it over and Brian saunters away from camera, SLIGHTLY OUT OF FOCUS, toward the barbecue, his body framed between Kimberly and Thomas' heads.
And off they tear...
Memphis is horrified.
A cuffed Donny Astricky is dragged to a waiting cruiser ... A POLICE CAR pulls up ...
He winds up ...
A KID behind the wheel, a BLONDE beside him... Kip eyeballs them...  Engines are revved... Challenges are implied...  Mirror Man panics ...
Memphis senses danger.
He sinks another ball.
He groks their fear...  Kip looks at him... ANGLE THE FRONT DOOR.
And LIFTS IT INTO THE AIR ...  Kip, terrified, inside ... And, as the crane dangles the Trans Am toward the black waters of the harbor, we CUT TO: Memphis is at the kitchen table.
From outside.
A MAN HOWLS IN TERROR...
Because that's what he was afraid of.
And his nose is a gnarled blob of scar tissue ...  Which is why they call him And the others really don't dig his scene ... The Sphinx nods to all.
They drive in silence.
And listens...  Her face clenched with worry ... Mirror Man works the thick steel door ...  He's got a sledge and center punch...
And in they go -- Dark as pitch.
To see Sway, overcome with emotion.
It reads "SNAKE"...
The Sphinx is outrunning what is now a half-dozen CRUISERS ...  is freaking out ... The snake wrapped all around him...
But then - BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Bullets rip into Donny Astricky in terrifying SLOW-MOTION.
He turns ...  To see another KID ... Scared...
He hangs up.
Going off the road.
He flies through them...
And there's a strange SILENCE...
And we fear he aims to smash the site, maybe further injure the accident victims - Not our Memphis ...  He's heading straight for parked ass-end toward Long Beach ... Ramp down ...  Memphis rockets Eleanor at the ramp truck's ramp... Straight on ...
With a last gasp, Memphis misdirects the awl so it STABS THE FLOOR SOCKET - a small CLAP OF VOLTAGE shaking through their bodies, as they sprawl akimbo ...  Both men are momentarily paralyzed as the electricity sorts itself out inside of them... Calitri is up; and he's found the gun ...
And they shake ...
His face is a con- fusion of fear and indecision.
In a moment of utter panic he lets go of his son, drops the Girl from his shoulder, and runs on alone.
It is fully dark now.
His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting            * whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion.
His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear.
The man clambers out of the boat and wades ashore again, carrying a large flint-bladed knife.
On the boat, Hector's family are tense with fear for his life.
Lucinnius' worries are Hector's also.
Lucinnius is nervous as he attempts to casually join his friends.
A figure enters the room, steps over the sleeping bodies on the floor and shakes him awake.
Straight-backed, hands on knees, alert, worried, he looks a bit like a sacri- ficial offering himself.
A couple of the godfather's foot soldiers.
A trickle of fear passes across Hector's face.
Lucinnius has worked himself into a dramatic state of distress, with drink and terror and self pity.
Hector speaks gently, like coaxing a frightened animal.
He stands    up, suddenly repulsed by what has happened.
Hector gently shakes her shoulder, trying not to wake the others.
Then he sees where the noise is coming from.
Hector, in another corner of the room, sleeping lightly, becomes aware of this.
The Priest is worried.
Then            * it changes.
He is frightened, and clings to the presence of Ronald.
In the room it is still semi-dark.
She sits up and straightens her clothing, suddenly anxious.
She crosses the room to a wooden chest under the window.
Snake-like it rides the waves, one half up, the other down.
* It is growing dark.
Fry's face floods with relief.
Fry lands on her ass, horrified.
Suddenly...  Another LOCKER BLOWS OPEN.
It scares him for a Fry flips up a new security-latch.
And dropping.
Out the fractured windscreen, we see a huge dark mass rise up into view.
Ears running blood.
Riding out the baton blows.
The Chrislams fall to their knees.
Fry sees the huge smoldering scar in the ground behind the ship.
As Paris unlocks, Johns steadies himself, suddenly light-headed.
START on the cutting torch, abandoned in wreckage.
A beat.
Fry manages a weary smile -- but soon her eyes revisit the abandoned buildings.
The grave.
Riddick gets a black satisfaction from his role as Boogeyman: If fear is the only kind of respect he can get, Riddick is going to grab some with both hands.
was faster than a lightning-strike.
Suddenly...  faces, human faces.
A shadow falls over Riddick.
Are they being stalked?
A dark supply room.
A NOISE from the supply room.
Just too scared to come out?
A mental shiver.
We understand why when we see a CLOSEUP of her hands: They find a jagged purple scar beside his spine.
It threatens to blot out suns, sky, universe.
Horrified.
Suddenly the hatchings vanish.
The world goes dark.
He goes for the main-door lever, ready to flee into the night.
Suddenly HEAVY BLOWS drive everyone back.
Blood wells up.
What stopped it?
It worries Fry.
The blood flows.
Gushing blood, Johns starts crawling pathetically with the light.
He has no desire to see what horrors will surround them.
Stunned.
Blood falls anew.
But this blood has no hue.
Drenched in light, Riddick stands in the hatchway of the skiff, looking out into dark rain.
Their nightmare is far from over.
Fry gives it another beat, eyes sweeping the dark rain.
Beat.
Ed looks a little worried.
Nervous at Wilson handling his new gun purchase beside him.
He suddenly drops to one knee, in shadow where the fence meets the adjoining building.
They beat him.
A beat.
Seconds later, one of the Meat Puppets comes stumbling out of the door, terrified.
He hangs up.
Beat.
Leaving Ed more nervous than ever.
Suddenly we hear the CHIRP of a cellular phone.
Reluctantly.
Wilson shakes it.
Exhilaration mixed with panic.
Gulps.
Suddenly out of nowhere -- (a side street.)
Strange, threatening characters.
Spots his two freaks.
Suddenly Uncle John speaks.
Beat.
Suddenly, we hear a CAR ALARM.
Avery makes his way to the figure, which is on its stomach and writhing slightly.
A shot rings out and part of his neck disappears in a blossom of blood.
Fires at it.
Crouched down.
Fires at him.
Comes out after him, the knife still in his back.
Grimacing, pulls the knife out and discards it.
It's dark and the ground is treacherous.
Panting.
Both on the ground now.
He stops.
Shake hands.
stops.
To the left of entrance there is a drugstore, closed, dark except for a faint light in the back.
One elevator is open and its dome light falls across the dark lobby.
Across a small dark reception room a pair of frosted glass doors are lettered: PACIFIC ALL-RISK INSURANCE COMPANY - FOUNDED 1906 - MAIN OFFICE.
The twelfth floor is dark.
His eyes fall on the anklet again.
She stops.
THE CAMERA PANS UP the front of the building to the top floor windows, as a little rain starts to fall.
The kitchen is the usual apartment house kitchen, with stove, ice-box, sink, etc.
He stands there, looking down into the dark street.
He hangs up.
The dark interior of the car has swallowed him up.
Over them is heard the noise of the train coming into the station and its lights are seen.
Dark except for a little light coming from inside the parlor car.
SUDDENLY A MAN'S VOICE speaks from behind him.
He walks a few feet without sound, then becomes aware of the silence.
There is a look of horror on his face now.
Neff stops in sudden alarm.
Suddenly his eye catches a glimpse of her through the crack of the partly opened door.
He takes a few steps down the walk, then suddenly hears somebody approaching.
Suddenly he stops his dictation with an instinctive feeling that he is not alone in the room.
Suddenly he stops, with a look of horror on his face.
Forrest stops suddenly as his brace gets stuck.
He looks over his shoulder in fear.
Suddenly Forrest is hit in the back with a rock.
The teammate runs over to Forrest and hands him the ball.
Bubba and Forrest shake hands.
ANOTHER DAY - The platoon shelters themselves as they walk through the wind and rain.
ANOTHER DAY - Forrest and other soldiers walk chest-deep through a river.
The rain splatters back up from the river, hitting the soldiers.
Forrest looks up as the sun suddenly appears.
Forrest's platoon is attacked.
A soldier is blown up by a rocket.
Forrest runs past the soldier.
Bubba's chest has been blown open.
Forrest looks up in fear.
A soldier reads the names from a pile of letters.
The soldier hands Forrest a large pile of letters.
She is pale with dark lines under her eyes.
Lt. Dan on the rigging, shouts and shakes his fist as he is pelted by wind and rain.
Jenny suddenly heaves a rock angrily at the house.
Forrest knees down next to her.
The house stands in the rain.
It collides with a car.
Forrest continues to stare at Forrest Jr. Forrest then looks frightened and starts to back away.
The wind blows fallen leaves across the ground.
Blindfold.
Blows rain down on her.
Alert.
She stops.
He stops her.
A sarin attack on plane into a nuclear power      Disneyland.
Jeff's old to fear all men in          her best friend.
She suddenly shakes.
Joe wakes to see his wife, lost in a nightmare.
At the door, they shake hands.
Tears.
-- SUDDENLY-- She turns.
Deep scars.
He's so nervous he can barely open his eyes.
Joe, still half-asleep, catches up.
He stops.
As the doctor finds the right key, she suddenly turns to see-- In the foreground some goth kids play with their ipods.
Pouring the stress out of her.
Fear in his eyes.
He seems very nervous.
A nervous history major stands.
Shrapnel.
The building shakes.
His expression grows darker and darker.
One of the twins is asleep.
He watches.
We watch her.
FLASH - Valerie shaking hands with Mr.Tabir in his Kuala Lumpur mansion.
SUDDENLY -- She gets up and walks out.
She stops.
When she opens them Sam is terrified.
She stops.
You have blood on your hands.
It stops.
He gets himself under control, but he's white and shaking.
He suddenly points.
A dark cloud comes over him.
Libby,      status casting a dark cloud 55, resigned and left the       over a White House already in White House.
She walks down the street past the gleaming government buildings.
Suddenly she is engulfed in flashes.
Then -- a dark, ominous shape intrudes in the f.g.
She wheels, terrified.
In a panic she turns and runs out, colliding suddenly with a MAN whom she (and we.) have not noticed until the moment of impact.
CAMERA suddenly moves as the 'drawer' is slid back into the wall.
Suddenly there is the noise of a DOOR OPENING.
As her head turns, in alarm, toward the noise.
As she watches him.
Then, suddenly, in rapid succession, he sneezes six times.
He takes a small bottle from his pocket, shakes a pill from it and swallows it dry.
Suddenly a hand falls on her shoulder.
I am anxious to discuss the matter of your late husband's death.
REGGIE stares at him, terrified.
Petrified with fear, REGGIE can only stare dumbly at the protruding claw.
From the GROUND.
He watches her.
REGGIE, not knowing what to do, and afraid she will be seen by DYLE, who is now looking her way, spins and sits at the sidewalk cafe's nearest table, her back to DYLE.
Suddenly she stops.
Suddenly, DYLE releases his hold.
As he climbs off the chair, JEAN-LOUIS suddenly runs to the door, unbolts it and runs into the hall, CAMERA PANNING with him.
Then she screams.
He goes into his room and she goes into hers.
A searchlight near the boat's bridge has gone on and now begins sweeping the river banks.
The room is dark and the phone is ringing.
Suddenly the elevator stops between floors and the lights go out.
The NIGHT PORTER is asleep behind the desk.
Suddenly TEX stops.
Suddenly, he is stopped.
Inside, huddling down, is a terrified REGGIE, holding her breath as she watches him.
She stops suddenly.
They shake hands as the EES photographer takes publicity shots.
The assistant carefully hands Hertz a pulsating metal container with lots of warnings and danger symbols on it.
Relieved, he turns nonchalantly to Ernie, ignoring the other horrified passengers.
There is a large dilapidated mining shed complete with rusted ducts and a tall smoke stack, a tattered carnival tent with an ornate stage flat facade, a lopsided outhouse, a creepy broken-down farm house, and in the center of it all, a giant molded carnival head with big staring eyes, which slowly rotates on a creaky base.
Elijah has bad teeth, a bad shave, and scary eyes.
It's dark and spooky.
Suddenly Ernie's flesh balloons out and melds into Julie's side.
He's waking up.
Rick's eyes widen in terror as he beholds his hideous new form.
SOCKHEAD is a freak with a large button-eyed sock puppet for a head.
He strikes a threatening "monster" pose, then gives a friendly wave.
Suddenly the lighting changes to flashing red horror lights with plenty of dark shadows.
Oddly, there's a shiny new Pepsi machine in this dingy corner of the Freak House.
Suddenly two GOONS in dark suits snatch the paper away from Stuey.
He collapses, a knife embedded in his chest, revealing the total mayhem...
Nosey gives him a worried look.
The crowd panics and charges for the exits.
The freaks are horrified.
Beat.
They stop.
Ernie looks worried.
Beat.
Rick looks worried as they lead him towards the scary looking house.
Rick watches as the Freaks approach the open courtyard, where he knows the Eyeballs will spot them.
He runs over to the Freaks.
Juan rears back, about to lunge, when suddenly he freezes and looks off into the distance.
Sockhead suddenly freaks out.
He stops.
Suddenly Elijah's voice rings out behind them.
The freak house door opens--Eye and Eye step in to check out the noise.
Rick, Julie, and Ernie gasp in horror!
Rick shakes hands with Julie, and takes back the Noxon.
The war movie has erupted into a massive battle--machine guns blaring, grenade launchers and bazookas booming, the works.
We hear a low rumbling and the floor starts to shake.
The freaks are horrified.
A few gun-toting SECURITY GUYS in dark suits and dark glasses get out.
The door to the Freak House opens.
The cackle is unmistakable--Rick's face twists in horror as he realizes...  Hertz is THE LAUGHING MAN! Hertz ducks out the door.
Except for the workmen, who exchange worried looks.
CRASH!
looks worried.
We hear a music bite from "Le Freak."
Rick stops the spear inches from Stuey's chest.
Suddenly, the agents are distracted by a terrible scream.
Suddenly a squirrel runs across stage, followed by Juan.
Suddenly a stop light looms ahead.
Suddenly flames leap out of the car, blowing Roberto ten feet into the air.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, Cole appears at his side.
The wind suddenly picks up.
There is a beat of silence in the dark.
Both of them have their eyes wide open as they stare at the ceiling in fearful anticipation of the next day.
Suddenly an abrupt jump cut.
Our girls screech in horror and hold onto one another in a protective clump.
Suddenly the door bursts open.
He's pimping for one of his ladies and makes a sale to an anxious young Marine as Gary approaches him.
He backs Gary against a wall and pulls a knife on him.
She screams in terror.
Laverne is frightened of Chulo.
Scared, she runs around the room, then out the door.
It's dark, but for a lamp on the nightstand which is on.
Rick is shaken by this.
The girls run around the room in a panic with the Japanese chasing them in very hot pursuit.
He's scared to death.
Suddenly Cole's ass sticks through it.
CAMERA PUSHES IN TO a car in the parking lot which is towing a U-Haul trailer behind it.
He's stunned.
Suddenly police SIRENS pierce through the party sounds.
By his side are several Everyone starts to panic and run for the doors.
Suddenly a Porsche pulls up between Rick and Debbie.
PRESTON'S FACE appears above a CLAPPER BOARD ...  "TAKE 5" is nervous ... his eyes flick from one INVESTOR to the other ...  trying to read the room.
PRESTON suddenly finds himself BUNDLED into the back of a CAB.
ANN'S arm is suddenly GRABBED!
ANN suddenly STANDS.
A FLASH of FEAR crosses DENHAM'S FACE ...  DENHAM calls across to a TALL FIGURE who is supervising the loading of the ship.
He suddenly collides with BRUCE, who thrusts a SUITCASE at him.
He's standing in a dark, viscous PUDDLE OF GUNGE.
ENGLEHORN hands the BOTTLE to a nervous CHOY.
DENHAM looks hard at the map, suddenly a look of intrigue dawning on his face.
WIDE ON: The VENTURE SLOWS, but its weight is carrying it forward ...  ENGLEHORN searches desperately through the thick FOG. the PANIC on the SHIP.
HAYES looks in HORROR as he comes within inches of the rock outcrop.
ANGLE ON: JIMMY closing the BOOK, an ashen expression on his CLOSE ON: HAYES pauses, filled with a sudden sense of DREAD.
He reluctantly turns, his eyes drawn to the creepy CARVED HEAD towering above the SHIP.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM ...  His eyes suddenly widen in disbelief.
RAIN STARTS FALLING.
ANN steps back in HORROR and SCREAMS!
ANN alone in her CABIN, is overwhelmed by a terrible SENSE of SUDDENLY!
ANGLE ON: NATIVES are moving towards the VENTURE ...  A growing sense of UNEASE fills ANN with DREAD.
She is on the SUMMIT of the WALL, lit by the flickering FLAMES ...  looking out onto DARK TREE TOPS.
A MASSIVE SHAPE moves through the air ...  The ground SHAKES with a sudden force of IMPACT!
CLOSE ON: ANN balanced on a knife-edge of TERROR.
ANN'S strength suddenly DRAINS from her legs, and SLUMPS between the POSTS.
FRENZIED MOVEMENT: SAILORS, lead by ENGLEHORN, race into the VILLAGE firing WARNING SHOTS in the air ...  SKULL ISLANDERS SCATTER in TERROR ... ANGLES ON: The SKULL ISLANDERS melt away into the darkness ...  vanishing as fast as they appeared.
JACK'S POV: The EMPTY ROPES binding ANN'S WRISTS swing from the CLOSE ON: DENHAM in SHOCK ...  his mind racing, fuelled by FEAR.
The atmosphere is TENSE ...  unseen creatures scurry in the darkness, fleeing from the approaching humans.
She is rigid with FEAR.
Years of survival have left SCARS on his face.
KONG stares at ANN ...  she dare not move; only her RAPID BREATHING belies her INNER TERROR.
ANGLE ON: ANN is suddenly swung UPSIDE DOWN and SHAKEN ...  the ceremonial NECKLACE falls from ANN'S NECK.
A WHIMPERING SOUND escapes from the back of her throat.
ANN looks at KONG, aghast, and in this moment her heightened sense of FEAR gives way to something more fundamental: SELF KONG'S FINGERS start to OPEN - ANN seizes her chance!
She suddenly PROPELS herself off his HAND!
ANGLE ON: The GROUP pause at the sound of ANN'S TERRIFIED SCREAM.
ANGLE ON: LUMPY stumbling forward with a hacking SMOKER'S COUGH.
at the sound of a STRANGE NOISE ...  PUSH IN: ON DENHAM ... a look of AMAZEMENT dawning on his FACE.
ALL look up at LUMPY ...  A ripple of FEAR spreads throughout the CROWD.
ANGLE ON: BRUCE suddenly turns and runs!
ANGLE ON: HERB is starting to get NERVOUS as DENHAM determinedly continues filming ... WIDE ON: A sudden FALL of ROCKS ...  Jack looks up! ANGLE ON: The MEN look NERVOUS as the GROUND starts to TREMBLE beneath their feet!
SEVERAL nervous SAILORS jump up and start running.
EVERYONE TURNS and FLEES!
The GROUP are desperately scrambling up the STEEP ROCKY SLOPE - slipping and sliding on the WET MOSS ...  FOUR SURVIVING CARNOTAURS follow in pursuit ... the MEN start sliding backwards in their panic.
GROUND.
ANGLE ON: HAYES suddenly stops ...  tensely scanning the DARK RUINS on the other side of the CHASM ... CREEPY POV: ...  something is watching the MEN on the LOG.
CLOSE ON: A DARK HOLE, beneath the tree ...  Long FEELERS probe along the ROOF of the hole as a HUGE CENTIPEDE CRAWLS towards her.
Suddenly she feels another crawling up over her shoulder.
ANN FREAKS!
ANN can feel its hot sour BREATH blowing on the back of her neck!
SUDDENLY KONG THUDS DOWN BOTH ... and for a moment ANN & KONG LOCK EYES.
THROWING it at the SPIDERS they CRAWL OFF.
More GIANT CRAB-SPIDERS JUMP at JACK.
THEY SEE that they're SURROUNDED BY SPIDERS.
SPIDERS SWARM out of HOLES in the CLIFF AND DIE.
KONG POV: LOOMING out of the CHASM WALL is a HUGE FACE! CLOSE ON: ANN as her expression suddenly changes from FEAR to ANN walks past KONG ...  who emits another LOW, WARNING GROWL.
to stay motionless in KONG'S PALM. the CAVE and SWARM around the LEDGE ...  their FEAR of KONG is overwhelmed by the tempting SIGHT of JACK and ANN.
SOUNDTRACK: A ROAR ...  growing louder ... ANN casts a nervous glance over her shoulder.
He SWINGS the ROPES AWAY, sending HAPLESS SAILORS flying through the AIR! CLOSE ON: DENHAM looks on in HORROR, as his PLAN to CAPTURE    KONG falls apart.
KONG turns to ANN'S BOAT ...  he looks at her ... KONG PAUSES at the SOUND of her VOICE ...  as if sensing her    fear for him.
D         you now ...  a captive!
The AUDIENCE BEGIN TO RISE from their SEATS ...  PANIC sets in!
ANGLE ON: JACK emerges from the THEATRE, all around him    PANICKED PEOPLE run in TERROR!
ANGLE ON: JACK scrambling into the FRONT SEAT of the CAB ...      he throws it into GEAR and heads off after KONG! ANGLE ON: KONG reacts like a CORNERED ANIMAL in a BLIND PANIC ... FLAILING his arms in PANIC, the TRAM swinging through the air and SMASHING into BUILDINGS like a GIANT CLUB! bits of TRAM that disintegrate off the FIST of KONG ...  JACK accelerates, straight through the LEGS of the GIANT GORILLA!
LIGHTS spin past ...  it is a brief moment of respite ... SUDDENLY!
A COLD WIND blows ANN'S hair as she watches the PLANES approach.
DOWN GUN-SIGHTS ...  drifting left and right as KONG grows in size KONG is suddenly FEARFUL ... he INSTINCTIVELY pushes ANN towards the BUILDING'S WALL!
SUDDENLY a PLANE FLIES straight at KONG.
KONG looks FEARFUL ...  he is WEAKENING from his BULLET WOUNDS.
TEARS STREAM DOWN HER FACE ...  KONG slowly lifts her in his HAND ... he looks beyond her ...  ALL SOUND FADES AWAY ... except for a gentle breeze ...  The FEAR leaves KONG ... he looks at ANN with TENDERNESS and LOVE.
He stares at KONG, DREAD, REALIZATION dawning on his face.
She's deathly pale, spewing founts of blood from a savagely slashed throat -- A SHOCK-TRAUMA TEAM swarms over her, inserting a vacutainer into an artery to draw blood, wrapping a blood pressure cuff around her arm -- The RESPIRATORY THERAPIST feeds an endotracheal tube down the woman's ruined throat, attaches that to an Amblu bag -- The woman starts spasming violently.
Suddenly -- A black Mercedes 850 appears over the crest of a hill, ROARING past us, stereo system belting out FILTER.
Hungry eyes.
is elite, underground -- an "abattoir-chic" version of an old-time juke joint with a greasy, dangerous vibe.
Dennis looks up, concerned -- -- MORE BLOOD DROPLETS are falling.
The figure stands, moves into the light as time screeches to a halt -- towers above Dennis, wearing dark glasses and a leather longcoat -- a sneer of cruel contempt etched upon a face tempered by a lifetime of horror.
Nuclear silence.
Some of the vampires try to flee, scurrying up the stairs, but the exit quickly becomes clogged with liquefying bodies -- -- then Blade's CAR-15 jams.
Blade suddenly finds himself wrestling with a feral-faced six-foot- something nightmare named QUINN.
Blade forces an elbow against Quinn's throat, trying to keep him at bay.
Quinn suddenly bolts up from the autopsy table, sinking his fangs into Curtis' jugular.
growing darker by the moment.
With a tap of a button, the monitor goes dark.
Blade shakes violently, grinding his teeth through the bite guard, veins cording in his neck.
We understand that these shared moments, oddly private in their horror, are the glue which binds the two vampire hunters together.
It quivers in fear.
She moves to the window, pulling the shade down, frightened.
CRASH!
Skin the complexion of buttermilk, so corpulent he can barely move, so engorged with blood that he's actually sweating it from the pores of his skin.
At the sight of Blade, Pearl's eyes widen in fear -- Frost paces the length of his pool, wearing a hands-free communications headset, grinning.
There's a LITTLE GIRL sitting stiffly beside the man -- a look of pure terror written on her face.
CLOSE ON Karen as she moves to the grimy outer windows, watching the sun go down, an unmistakable look of dread creeping over her.
It's at her throat, sinking its claws into her neck.
Miracia shrugs, spreading her hands.
TWO VAMPIRE GUARDS who have been caught in the sudden swath of light are burning up before our eyes.
She SNARLS and strikes, brutally raking her claws across Blade's face, knocking the sword from his grasp -- led by Mercury step from the shadows where they'd been waiting all along.
Restrained.
Replete with dark splendor.
Karen looks up with a growing sense of dread.
Karen pummels the howling horror, driving it back until the femur actually splinters in half.
He places it against Blade's throat, slowly applying pressure.
And so he rises -- Frost continues drinking down the blood, when suddenly, a force seizes his body.
A wind picks up from nowhere, swirling about the chamber, accompanied by a strange Suddenly, one of the tombs BURSTS OPEN.
The guns spins across the floor, where it's scooped up by -- who takes aim at an approaching vamp, BLOWING it away.
Both men, fueled by super-human speed, lunge and spin across the cavern floor in a blurred ballet of lethal moves.
A blood demon.
She SEES Blade's discarded sword, reaches for it -- suddenly, a SHADOW moves on the periphery of her vision -- rushes at Karen in a near-blur.
Frost suddenly dissipates, SPLASHING away into a million zero-G blood bubbles, vanishing.
He gasps, chokes in air -- Frost backs away, horrified.
His blood-tendrils don't reform.
Blade hesitates, stopping the sword in mid-strike, catching his mother's gaze -- her face is monstrous now, scarred by Karen's poisonous mace.
Ardelia who is helping Clarice unbuckle her bullet-proof vest, follows her worried gaze.
He looks tired, haunted.
Some are padded, with narrow observation slits, others are normal, barred...  Shadowy occupants pacing, MUTTERING... Suddenly a dark figure in the next-to-last cell hurtles towards her, his face mashing grotesquely against his bars as he hisses.
She complies each time, trying to hide her fear.
Suddenly he whips the tray back at her, with a metallic CLANG that makes her start.
The dark figure suddenly flings his palm towards her, and - is spattered on the face and neck - not with blood, but with pale droplets of semen.
Her face is buried in her arms, she shoulders shaking.
Then she puts a final, emphatic shot right through THE FIGURE'S CLOSE ON a microfilm monitor - a grainy newsphoto of Dr. Lecter, scrawling past, with an accompanying story ("New Horrors in Cannibal Trial".), dated 1980.
We catch shadowy outlines - boxes, then the flattened tires of a car...  SOUND of rain on the tin roof, and other noises, too - small RUSTLINGS.
Clarice turns, scared, her beam capturing...  an old upright piano.
Clarice crawls a bit further.
The food carrier suddenly SWISHES out of the cell, making her jump up.
Suddenly, in the shadowy dark, he clubs her over the back of her head with his cast.
the highway patrol cruiser noses into a curb, next to other police cars, facing a big white frame house.
Crawford shakes hands with the sheriff.
A sudden blinding glare of light silences her.
She is trembling.
who is elsewhere in the basement, worrying a toy.
edges reluctantly closer...  then suddenly rushes in, seizing the bone in her teeth.
A long, seesaw battle...  until finally, when one of her forelegs slips momentarily into the hole, she panics and lets go.
Overcome, she hurries from the room.
The 10-year old Clarice sits up abruptly in her bed, frightened.
Strange, fearful shadows on her ceiling and walls...  a window, partly fogged by the cold; eerie brightness outside.
And suddenly all natural SOUND and MOTION are suspended, as the MUSIC soars much louder, each separate note of it now echoing distinctly, and we see...  Pembry starting into the cell, reaching for his riot baton... Dr. Lecter smashing against the cell door, driving it into Pembry, pinning him across the chest, against the door frame...  Boyle, on one knee on the floor, digging desperately in his pants pocket for his handcuff key... Pembry's hand, mashed against his body by the door, as he strains frantically to reach the baton at his waist...  Pembry's eyes, widening in horror as he stares at... Dr. Lecter's bared teeth, flashing towards him...  Dr. Lecter gripping Pembry's face in his jaws, shaking it like a dog shakes a rat... Boyle finding his key, but in his terror dropping it...  Dr. Lecter yanking the mace can and riot baton from the dazed Pembry's belt, spraying him in his bloody face, then clubbing him to his knees... Boyle, mouth open in a silent scream, finding his key again, unlocking the handcuff, but then, as he starts to rise, seeing...  Dr. Lecter standing over him, with the riot baton raised high; he swings it viciously down, again and again and again... Then normal SOUND and MOTION are restored as we go to - the cassette player, and the portrait of Clarice, both now flecked with blood.
The two uniformed bodies, one sprawled on its back near the door, the other still in the cell, have been savaged by a knife.
The shaft is dark.
Behind him, in slightly BLURRED FOCUS, the bloody figure sits slowly upright...  Suddenly he stops, becoming aware of a strange HISSING.
He watches, frightened for both of them, as she backs away, smiles, then turns, racing towards the surveillance van.
Genuinely scared.
begins shaking, hands and arms twitching uncontrollably.
After a few moments, we become aware of movement - armed, dark-clad figures creeping swiftly and in silence from shrubs to garage corners, from parked cars to porches, appearing and then disappearing...  CLOSE ON Mr. Gumb, as he settles a big pair of infra-red night-vision goggles over his eyes.
A little boy, riding his tricycle in his driveway, is suddenly startled to find himself staring into the grim face of - crouched by his garage, armed to the teeth.
A beat of pure fear.
They are about ten feet apart. is about to reply when the moth suddenly flies up from behind him, flutters past his face.
whips her gun out, gripping it in both shaking hands.
hates this, hates this, which door, it's a trap, what to do: she is very scared, but suddenly hears - The distant SCREAM of Catherine Martin, somewhere down there in that killing maze.
centers her gun on the curtain, at chest height, and yanks it aside with her left hand.
Clarice stumbles, goes to her knees, rights herself, finally clutches the door frame...  Clarice emerges from the bathroom in a half-crouch, arms out, both hands on the gun, extended just below the level of her unseeing eyes.
She is radiantly beautiful in a navy dress and pearls, the thin scar on her cheek almost healed.
Stepping delicately over the sprawled body of a uniformed security guard, he walks in through open french doors.
Marcus sits up, she passes him the clipboard and pen-- he notes that her hands are SHAKING.
MARCUS stares straight ahead, taking deep, steady breaths, struggling not to succumb to fear.
These are human troops in high-tech HELMETS, carrying slightly futuristic conventional THE WARTHOGS veer off, laying NAPALM in the distance behind the SOLDIERS.
SOLDIERS move from cover and through the blown door.
The OTHER SOLDIERS inspect the many CYLINDERS, react in horror and shock.
A PANICKED PILOT on the radio: SOLDIERS above ground help the WOUNDED to EVAC CHOPPERS.
RAIN falls.
They drop down again.
KYLE starts, half-asleep-- So saying, KYLE falls back asleep.
CLOSER-- his eyes are closed, he's asleep.
When she looks out the windshield-- --she's about to HIT A WALL, SQUEALS in terror-- --MARCUS vaults in and pushes her aside, squeezing behind the wheel, hitting the brakes and throwing the Jeep into neutral.
The SONG suddenly GARBLES, turning to NOISE.
He pulls himself up and-- --crawls across the roof, to the LID.
Blair struggles to saw through her lines with a KNIFE.
The LINES suddenly SNAP, Blair FALLS from the tree.
QUICK SHOTS of MUTANT EYES, glowing in the dark-- ENLARGED TEETH-- DARK, MASSIVE FORMS moving through the brush.
It SNAPS its ELONGATED TEETH at him, but he manages to BREAK its neck and hurl it toward-- TWO MORE SKINDOGS moving in for an attack.
It's darker now, the moon is down.
She squints at these in the dark.
She closes her eyes, settling against him, her head against his chest.
She looks worried.
Suddenly-- --the BLACKHAWK CHOPPER drops down directly in front of Marcus, hovering a few feet above the water, the GUNNER pointing his weapon directly at Marcus (he's one of the two soldiers we saw before.).
Suddenly-- --HYDROBOTS ERUPT from the RIVER with a hideous BUZZING SOUND.
About a dozen of these four- foot long, glistening steel snakes shoot from the water to attack the chopper.
Suddenly, HANDS BURST from the water, grabbing the soldier.
BLAIR looks up, bleary-eyed, exhausted and scared.
Marcus hears a NOISE nearby-- --a GOLF BALL bouncing on the ground not far away.
There are lawns, fountains, etc. Marcus SLAMS ON the brakes, then clutches Jeremy by the throat-- the man looks more annoyed than frightened.
(Levels of seratonin, endorphins, etc.) Beside these are BARCODES and small INSET PHOTOS taken within the chamber, the subjects looking frightened.
A pair of T-400s now approach from the shadows.
Suddenly the building SHAKES, the sound of a distant EXPLOSION.
It looks like the place is under attack.
THE ENGINEER'S FACE suddenly shows fear-- his body FREEZES.
MARCUS meanwhile PICKS OFF potential threats with the PLASMA RIFLE.
After a beat, they rise, shaken.
Suddenly, directly in front of them-- --THE TANK APPEARS, moving swiftly around a corner, GUN TURRET SWIVELING at them.
He shakes hands, wide-eyed and speechless.
THE PLASMA WEAPON flies out of her arms, she COLLAPSES.
MARCUS moves to the NEXT IMAGE-- it shows his features TRANSFORMED into another's-- something closer to JOHN CONNOR'S FACE, with a JAGGED SCAR over part of his features.
The FACES of the men, all ages, intense, hopeful, fearful.
He ls casually but fashionably dressed, hair dyed blond long, a nervous elegance about him, almost unrecognisable from the croupier's face.
It now reads: 'ON THE BALL'.
JACK shakes hands with DAVID REYNOLDS, a cold man in his late forties, dead behind the eyes.
JACK shakes it.
MARION is asleep in bed.
She wakes.
JACK is asleep.
He wakes.
JACK shakes it.
MATT's car pulls up in the parking lot at the back of the restaurant.
The noise is close to deafening.
He starts across the dark room.
Suddenly the light comes on.
BELLA is frightened by JACK'S violence.
JACK pulls her suddenly into his arms, pulls her onto the bed.
She is startled.
JANI, wearing dark glasses, is driving.
She takes off her dark glasses.
The four PLAYERS shake hands across the net.
JACK stands in the middle of the dark room.
CHLOE is sitting at the table, half-asleep in her nightgown.
MARION is in bed asleep.
JACK is asleep in bed with MARION.
It wakes her.
He prays silently.
A POLICE DOCTOR uncovers a body on a gurney.
The ball falls into 10.
Scared, he steps away slowly.
Sethe looks frightened.
The children stare at Denver and 124, with horror and curiosity.
She bends low and crawls through the leaves into the center.
His feet sore and blistering in his shoes.
Paul realizes that may have sounded too intimate so he leans back and sighs: Like a nervous little girl, Sethe takes a sit beside a man for the first time in years, folding her sweat stained skirt beneath her.
It worries him.
Frightened, Paul steps back out the door.
She stops.
Sethe's sudden outburst startles Paul.
He rubs his cheek against it, feeling the scars beneath the dress.
Suddenly, PAUL'S LEGS BEGIN TREMBLING.
Denver looks frightened.
The awkwardness they both feel strike them suddenly as funny.
And then, just as quickly, the urge to laugh subsides - and the fear they feel takes it's place.
She shakes her head no.
A repulsion?
We hear the others O.S.: Camera stays on Sethe as we drown out the voices at the kitchen table.
Paul looks quizzically at Sethe, who shrugs; Suddenly, she begins to CHOKE on a raisin from the pudding and falls backward, off the chair.
Suddenly, Beloved awakens with a start.
Her legs are scratched and bleeding from moving through broken twigs and rock.
Sethe can not speak for fear.
She walks right into the water when suddenly, her own water breaks and her labor begins...
She doubles up in pain; Sethe, on her knees, crawls into the boat and props her feet up.
Sethe walks downriver with Denver tied to her chest.
A flash of fear is quickly transformed into pragmatism.
Suddenly she submerges herself underwater and holds herself there, as if to drown herself...
She stops.
She approaches the kitchen window and looks in.
Paul focuses on his dinner, suddenly ill at ease.
It makes him shiver.
Sethe is asleep.
Paul is asleep in the rocker...
Camera follows them under a burning sun as they approach; A TRENCH.
He surrenders.
A burden transformed into a gift, so suddenly.
She lets her head touch his chest.
Softly, suddenly, it begins to snow.
Paul is asleep.
Sethe understands, looks to her sleeping children and is frightened.
Stamp Paid's face registers sudden concern.
He stops before her.
Denver is asleep in a bassinet.
Sethe watches, a moment of fear across her face; Sethe realizes, placing down the bucket: Sethe sobs, uncontrollably.
Camera follows them as it reveals Baby Suggs and Stamp Paid standing exactly where we left them... Except; They are both staring at the shed - out of which strange noises, thuds and the FRIGHTENED CRIES OF CHILDREN are heard.... Two Black Boys and several Woman are coming up the road.
The Nephew is paralyzed... horrified.
The distance between these two people in this small room is suddenly vast.
Sethe rises up on her hands and knees, her laughter shaking her chest and causing her eyes to tear in the cold air.
Stamp breathes a sigh of relief.
But a shadow appears to be hovering over 124.
A broken window... the front door off it's hinge...a front step splintered and dangerous.
Camera opens on the front hall and moves through the house, revealing the same neglect inside; Broken furniture, dusty floors, mess and disorder...  Camera enters; Dirty pans, crusted food on the table, window curtains hanging askew... Sethe sits hunched over, asleep, in a chair against the wall.
Her face registers fear.
She searches in a panic for more food - anywhere - opening cabinets, doors - places that never stored food.
Denver exits the kitchen, afraid to leave them alone...
Denver crawls into her arms.
Denver walks down the stairs, entering the kitchen; Sethe is on her knees, picking up pieces of broken plate.
Suddenly; Sethe and Denver rush out of the kitchen to see; beloved running through the rooms, clawing at her throat, causing it to bleed...  Sethe and Denver rush towards into the keeping room.
Then, Sethe looks beyond the women and sees: Sethe's expression turns to fear, then rage.
Looks nervous for a second, then holds up a clipboard.
Shuts his eyes, thinking, scared.
He suddenly veers off the road toward...
Jim lashes out with a fist, hard and fast, hitting Kenny in the chest, knocking him out of the ski-boat, into the water.
He hears...
Karen suddenly turns on Phil and pushes him out of the boat.
Gets to his feet, woozy and goes to get out of the cell.
Is terrified, about to die.
She pulls out a Swiss Army knife, unfolds a small knife and starts taking out the screws holding the cage in place.
She sits and he lays down on the roof, catching his breath.
One problem -- Kenny doesn't know the danger they're in.
Kenny is shivering.
Kenny's shivering stops.
They shake hands.
Are watching, from the shadows on the dark side of the street.
Before he can pull it out, holes puff out of his chest, followed by blood and then the sound of the rifle-shots.
Then he's hit and knocked out of the boat, dead.
Gets to his knees in his boat and starts shooting.
Blood is dripping down from his arm.
Phil looks scared shitless.
Karen starts to panic.
She's using the tip of the knife blade to unscrew the screws holding the support to the railing.
She starts chipping at the plaster with the knife.
The line of lights on top of the dam start to fall over, then go dark, snuffed out by an unseen force.
Is shot in the gut and the thigh and high on the chest and he stumbles back, bellowing, and falls out of the Sheriff's boat and into the water.
The Sheriff's boat comes onto Main Street, moving fast.
And he clutches it to his chest as... Hits the church.
The house has been hit by the flood.
Looking over the peak of the roof in horror.
We FOLLOW THE BALL, spiraling through the slanting rain.
Alvin exudes danger; big, fast and hostile on the field, slightly surly, a sense of repressed anger off it.
Humes and Clayton fear an outburst, a display of rage.
Bud and the others on the side of the road are increasingly worried now.
Bud hesitates a second, scared, but stung by this dare.
Everybody scared shitless, howling their lungs out.
Worried, he looks at the clock, goes on to the next page.
Suddenly Darnell sees Autumn walking across the Quad.
Nervous, talking very little, eyes playing over the pictures of former E.S.U.
Scrimmage.
Camille comes to the net to shake hands, but Joe hangs back.
Still it's a megaton of pressure.
Camille jumps off the bike, scared stiff and livid with anger.
The tailback, eyes wide with fear, cuts back, away from Alvin, where he's promptly crunched by Lattimer.
Darnell, suddenly realizing, gives it up.
A FAT CAT ALUMNUS approaches him.
She pounds on his chest, pushing him back on the table.
He's embarrassed and deeply worried.
Suddenly the room goes silent.
Camille stops, turns back, sees Joe headed for the tracks, starts to worry.
Horrified, Camille runs down the embankment toward him.
Camille looks up, afraid to breath as Joe lies motionless on the tracks.
Suddenly he stirs, pushes himself up to his knees.
She's starting to get a little scared.
She screams.
She listens a few more rings, hangs up, concerned.
A jingling noise up the road.
Suddenly: The door flies open and--BANG!
He twists and rears with cuffed hands to plunge the knife into Moon's chest.
Blood spatters Mattie.
Moon has fallen to the floor, knife in chest.
The two horses that are now riderless rear and mill, panicked.
He fires.
They shake.
We are high and close on Rooster, asleep.
She is struck by a worrying thought.
He sloshes suddenly forward, water kicking up before him.
Mattie manages to choke out: Silence.
She claws at it.
We hear the schlick of steel and his hand reappears holding a knife taken from a leg sheath.
Her eyes roll down in their sockets to watch as Chaney regrips the knife and lowers it to her throat, his knuckles whitening with tension.
A beat.
Then, he drops.
The butt-end of a knife juts out.
Mattie screams as the ball of waking snakes quickens.
The body, coming to pieces, slides dustily down into the dark.
It disappears.
Mattie hastily reaches for the root that pins her and in a panic pulls, looking back toward the body.
As the snakes advance to the level of her pinned leg Mattie freezes.
Careful to keep still, eyes on the advancing snakes: More snakes climb onto her.
A large snake is winding onto her shoulder.
She gingerly places a hand for it to coil onto; it does; she holds it at arms length and gently shakes it off.
As he does so: Rooster stoops with the knife and one slice frees the booted foot.
Horrible noises are indeed coming from the horse, but Rooster is grim: He leaves off whipping the horse and takes out his knife.
In the dark, the darker shape of the dead horse, growing smaller.
She appears a little anxious.
Both she and Claudia are petrified and terror-stricken as the curve and the wall loom closer and closer.
With a frightening leap -- and going well over fifty miles an hour -- the car barely makes it over the ditch and right through the opening in the wall.
Claudia is visibly shaken.
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by Sandro's voice shouting "Hello."
Sandro and Anna remain as they are until they are suddenly enveloped by a dark shadow.
It is larger than it previously appeared and casts a long, dark shadow over the yacht.
But Claudia is afraid to dive in while the boat is still in motion, so she turns to the sailor and shouts: The motor is turned off and the yacht soon comes to a halt.
As soon as he hits the water, he starts shivering and exclaims: Then, lowering the mask over his face, he begins to submerge.
Then, immediately, the booming voice of the sailor aboard the yacht sounds out: But Sandro ignores the warning and starts swimming out towards Anna like a demon.
Claudia is stricken with fear, and holds on tight to Giulia.
Anna goes over to the edge of the boat and stands at the head of the little stairway leading down to the water.
Her desire to join him is greater than her fear of the shark, so she looks down at the sailor and asks: Patrizia, instead, turns around and heads back to the cabin.
Breaking the nervous tension that has spread itself throughout the group, a seaman appears with a small basket of frozen peaches brought from the yacht.
Sandro is asleep with his arms folded under his head.
Down at the shore, Giulia is getting ready to step on the gangplank and go aboard the yacht but, anxious about Anna's whereabouts, she changes her mind and turns back.
He is about to head towards them but suddenly realizes that Giulia is following directly behind him.
As he starts to approach it, another stray lamb appears, as if from nowhere, and runs off, frightened by Sandro's approach.
The turn has taken the boat slightly away from Lisca Bianca and they now find themselves closer to the little island of Basiluzzo.
The entire group is once again reunited on the beach, and the impending storm has heightened their fears and anxiety.
They are cold, restless, and exhausted, but profoundly moved and shaken by the reality of Anna's strange disappearance.
Suddenly, footsteps are heard approaching the hut.
Claudia suddenly jumps up and runs out of the hut and into the dark, calling out desperately.
She looks down over the side and quickly withdraws, almost in fear of being sucked down into the swirling waters below.
Stepping ashore are Patrizia, Giulia and Raimondo, followed by a Marshal of the carabinieri and two police agents.
As Sandro and Claudia come rushing down over the rocks, Claudia suddenly stops and lags behind so as not to arrive on the beach simultaneously with Sandro.
But seeing Patrizia and Raimondo approaching, he suddenly stops.
Claudia is nonplussed and almost petrified with fear.
But the intensity in Claudia's look, mixed with fear and desire, is so overpowering that Sandro takes her in his arms and kisses her.
Suddenly, she stands up and goes into the corridor.
Sandro tries to grab her in his arms, but Claudia pushes him away, almost with a sense of violence, as though she were afraid she might change her mind once in his arms.
Now, with all this talk about Sandro, the sense of relaxation Claudia had felt upon her arrival, has changed into a feeling of anxiety that becomes more and more noticeable.
Remarks and comments are heard above the noise.
It is a picture of a nude woman; a shapely figure, slightly plump, in the manner of Renoir.
She suddenly stops reading and turns toward Sandro.
Suddenly, Sandro takes Claudia by the hand.
Suddenly, feeling himself being stared at, Sandro turns towards Claudia.
And only then do Sandro and Claudia become aware that the silence around them is an unnatural one, that the doors and the windows of all the houses in the town are tightly shut.
Huddled close to each other, Claudia and Sandro are asleep on the grass.
A cold shiver runs down her back and she quickly comes to her feet.
Suddenly the sound of a shutter being lowered directly behind her causes her to start and turn around.
In that total solitude, the doorway of the hotel emerges like the mouth of some dark and fearful cavern, so much so that Claudia is unable to keep her eyes fixed upon that spot.
Suddenly, she wheels about, having heard Sandro enter.
Throwing away his cigarette, he comes up to her, all nervous and excited, and they both step out into the street.
Suddenly, up from the street comes the sound of music.
Beyond these steps is a small dead-end street that runs up against the faade of a large and magnificent old building.
Sandro goes down the flight of steps and approaches the door of the old building which is closed.
Claudia is clearly intrigued by everything she sees: the surroundings, the people, etc. Sandro approaches the reception desk as Claudia walks slightly ahead, anxious to see what is going on.
Suddenly, Claudia stops.
But all of a sudden, Claudia becomes aware of something moving on a sofa at the far end of the room.
The young man's throat is dry; he's sweating bullets.
Christy, clearly terrified, is walking quickly away from Vince's office.
Joey suddenly flies into the bin.
As Christy looks around the lobby, various religious artifacts loom at her; we see them from her terrified P0V.
Mother Superior is in total command of all she surveys, and she seldom raises her voice or her blood pressure as she rules.
The thought of being left alone with Mother Superior panics Christy, like a child left in the principal's office.
Christy is fast asleep.
Christy stares at the loom; a look of horror crosses her face.
A.)on her hands and knees.
Reluctantly, Christy rises and approaches the door.
One of the drug dealers stands outside the crack house as a car suddenly pulls up to the curb.
The picture suddenly becomes GRAINY, and we hear the voice of a NEWS REPORTER.
Shocked and terrified, Christy struggles to free herself, but is suddenly relieved to see that her abductor is Eddie.
Everyone's attention suddenly turns to Bishop O'Hara as he approaches.
The kitchen is dark, lit only by a flickering candle carried by Christy.
After a few steps, Eddie suddenly looks disturbed.
Several members of the choir rush into the room with panic in their eyes.
She fondles her rosary beads, and sinks to her knees.
Mary Robert stands alone in front of the cathedral, wringing her hands with worry.
Christy suddenly lifts her knee into Willy's groin, and he buckles over.
Mother Superior suddenly steps forward.
There is a pause, as the Manager stares at the nuns in horror.
Christy suddenly drops to her knees and begins to pray.
Trapped for a moment, she has panic in her eyes.
One window, dark and quiet on the third floor, catches his gaze.
Simon's sunglassed eyes look up suddenly, his body stifffening.
Simon manages a grip on the gargoyle's face and POUNDS the back of his skull against the wall.
A mortuary.
The rooms are dark but for one.
Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
It's part of the school building long abandoned.
Finished, he sets the ancient bible down, turns off the gooseneck, and leans back in his chair, alone in the dark.
A coyote has crept up onto a near ledge.
Watching her.
The boy, still standing beside her, begins to look nervous.
Is the abandoned, decayed part of the building.
It's brutal.
Suddenly Thomas breaks back, intercepts the ball, and drives against Player #2.
That buzz.
Hustling the last one up the stairs, she pauses suddenly.
Twinkling lights in a cold, dark embrace.
Gabriel suddenly freezes.
Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet.
Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers spread, claw-like.
Asleep, sweaty, shivering, Mary suddenly opens her eyes.
And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon's chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart.
She stops.
As she feels it's gaze a shadow suddenly crosses her shoulder.
Katherine turns quickly but only barely catches, out of the corner of her eye, a glimpse of something very large.
It's only past the final door, into the smallest corner of the building, that the walls become clean and brightly painted by eager third graders.
The creepy silence transforms itself into the giggles of children as they bang open the classroom door and whoop themselves outside for recess.
Up the crumbly embankment, sitting perched on the roof of an abandoned house, is Gabriel.
Impenetrably dark.
And he walks out, leaving Thomas alone in a place gone suddenly cold.
Death.
The same cold, creepy air about him.
The shriek of ghosts under his breath.
It worries Katherine.
The atmosphere becomes close and creepy.
They follow the light to the gap in the rock, gingerly stepping into -- That could easily belong to a bum.
But once they step into the room, into the lair, it suddenly jumps in volume.
Thomas, fighting the insanity pounding at him, crawls pathetically across the floor to the oil lamp.
Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard against the chest, forcing him off.
The slugs RIP into Jerry's chest and knock him to his knees.
Katherine rushes to Thomas, who's pulled himself up to his knees, a ragged slice above his eye bleeding badly.
Again, the pain.
There are eyes in this winged head, but blood chilling ones of putrid yellow.
There are endless scars and shapes and wrinkles, but mostly, only, there are the eyes.
Katherine lays her head on Thomas's shoulder, and as darkness swallows them he holds her.
With the ease of a spider he slides down and beside John.
She begins to choke, to cough, then suddenly sits up and opens her eyes.
Katherine's head is still on Thomas's shoulder, the two of them asleep sitting against the wall.
Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloak.
He downs the shake in one belt.
Thomas's eyes are wild with fear.
He staggers to his knees and begins to run.
Gagging and weeping in blank shock, he crawls on his hands and knees as Rachael OPENS UP his arm from shoulder to elbow with her nails.
As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm into Gabriel's chest.
Bleeding to death is a real possibility for him.
Chasing the night and its fears away under the punishing glare of noon.
Claire traces a finger along a small but noticeable SCAR above her left eye, then slowly drops the hand to her cheek, as if confirming her existence.
Suddenly, the SOUND OF A WOMAN WAILING can be heard.
They stop.
She stops.
But the whispering has suddenly stopped.
She suddenly has a thought and disappears into the kitchen.
Cooper suddenly bolts down the hall.
She attacks the transition again, and again falters.
Beat.
Suddenly, THE CANDLE FLARES.
There's a dangerous energy to her walk.
Beat.
Claire's still in the dark.
Suddenly, her head droops over, she shudders softly.
Worried, she heads upstairs.
ANGLE - CLAIRE... her face a mask of terror.
Suddenly, she's released.
Claire places the roses in a vase on Norman's desk, and in doing so, accidentally knocks it over.
Suddenly her eye stops on a small silver bracelet with an intricate ROSEBUD.
Norman walks through the darkened house into the moonlit room.
Two rings, then: Claire's eyes widen in terror.
Suddenly, A HAND WITH A WASHCLOTH IS THRUST OVER HER FACE.
Claire is pulling herself down the stairs, moaning in terror.
He sees the necklace on her neck.
When his hands close on the clasp, his face suddenly goes slack.
Claire somehow manages to work a toe into the plug chain and yank it free.
Claire races over to the Volvo, which is blocked by NORMAN'S PICKUP, the dark hulk of THE SAILBOAT on a trailer behind it.
Shivering with cold and adrenalin, she tries to work the ancient heater.
Suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trailer.
It bursts inward and Mrs. Watchett, her hair flying, dashes down the steps panic-stricken into the room.
Here he stops.
In the f.g., Bridewell who has been sitting with a glazed, dreamy look, suddenly jumps.
(NOTE:  The house is situated upon a site with Suddenly the SOUND OF AN APPROACHING ENGINE catches his attention.
Drivers leave their cars of the period in disorder.
Alarmed, he runs across the street directly in the path of the ambulance that threads its way between the cars left in disorder on the road.
Suddenly there is a BLINDING FLASH.
The Time Machine is shaken violently, but the Time Traveller manages to crawl into it.
The CAMERA SCARES BACK.
A white light from above begins to permeate the dark- ness.
THERE IS A CRASH LIKE THUNDER and the Time Machine suddenly goes into a spin.
He shakes the cobwebs out of his head and, FOLLOWED BY THE CAMERA, rises with difficulty.
The apprehension mounts into tension and gradually but inevitably approaches the state of horror that a human being would experience in a strange place where he had just come from an innocent freshly set table of ripe fruits and stepped outside into a beautiful but weird vacuum.
Suddenly he stops as he distinctly hears a familar and quite HUMAN combination of NOISES.
The Time Traveller is suddenly struck by the truth of her words.
The stick now writes in the dust: " E L O I " A shadow crosses her face.
Suddenly she springs to her feet, concerned.
He is appalled.
The moving shadow of the Time Traveller reveals her pale face, with closed eyes, wearing an expression of helpless terror.
A look of fear comes into her eyes.
Weena looks up at him, her fears dwindling, find- ing comfort in this strange being whom she cannot understand.
Then she glances high into the dark sky and the old fear returns.
The fear paralyzes her.
She looks up, her eyes no longer showing fear.
He shakes her off.
An expression of fear comes slowly over her face as the LOW SIREN is joined by ANOTHER of HIGHER PITCH.
He looks up, concerned, pausing in his descent.
As the THIRD DISCORDANT BLAST joins the other two, Weena's fear is gone.
The ceasing of the sirens seems to have released them from their hypnotic spell and now, awake again and frightened, they are retreating.
Behind him, across the cavern, an indistinct figure watches, but quickly disappears as the T.T. strikes a match.
The sight that the T.T. beholds fills him with revulsion and horror.
His features twisted in horror in the flickering light of his match.
T. turns and as he leaves this chamber of horror, the rock behind him comes to life.
Where other Morlocks with CRACKING WHIPS herd the Eloi into the chamber of horrors.
Suddenly a long lash of a whip strikes like a serpent and coils about the T.T.'s neck.
Another whip scares Weena into the chamber of horrors, while several other whips land on the T.T.'s shoulders.
The T.T., wielding the whip fiercely, drives the Morlocks back several paces, then suddenly from above a pale body of a Morlock lands on him, knocking him down, causing him to drop the whip.
He crawls in pain into the chamber of horrors.
Then suddenly the T.T. pulls out his matchbox from his pocket.
The Eloi huddle against the wall in terror as other Morlocks gain courage and move forward toward the T.T.
She screams and jumps back, watching in terror, as the Morlock comes toward her.
Morlocks come in after fleeing Eloi, shielding their eyes from the light of the Time Traveller's torch.
Here they stop.
Weena, seeing the panels close, runs up to them and POUNDS her fists vainly on the metal doors.
Suddenly, a gloomy shade falls over the instruments, followed by a burst of whirling smoke and the twinkling red light of fire.
He steps into the house.
Suddenly a clock from the neighboring room CHIMES ONCE.
As Ben considers the driverless boat...  Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something below.
The arm stops and suddenly the tray of sand shakes, dropping through holes in the bottom to reveal an object the size of a person's fist.
Paul draws a long, nervous breath and looks at Amanda.
He's wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's staring at you or fast asleep.
Calling back from the cockpit...  Suddenly Grant spots...
He pales.
Amanda turns away in horror.
Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side.
Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air.
Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP as the giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mere inches from his face.
Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in horror as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinosaurus latches onto its throat.
Mindful of Grant's warnings, they move quickly and quietly.
Now the camera penetrates the jungle canopy and the picture and sound become complete chaos: SCREAMS from the both, branches BREAKING, flashes of Ben and Eric's frightened faces as the camera is buffeted in all directions.
They walk through an overgrown parking lot, littered with abandoned vehicles.
Sudden FLAPPING.
It is an eerie, haunted place.
Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the lobby's dirty windows with terrifying speed.
Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up.
Responding to the growls, a herd of grazing HADROSAURS suddenly flees across the open space.
Suddenly, one of the raptors SLASHES at him again.
The feasting raptors look up, listening, then suddenly run off into the dark jungle.
As terrified as he is, he can't help but be fascinated by their communication.
Up in the tree, Grant's eyes immediately burn from the vapor He squints to see through the fog, where he spots at the edge of the smoke Grant half-climbs, half-falls out of the tree, rushing to get through the heaviest of the smoke.
Suddenly, one of the creatures is attacked by another.
They're a thousand emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, overjoyed.
Paul Kirby watches in stunned, abject horror as the Pteranodon carries Eric directly overhead -- The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight.
He suddenly realizes what Billy is about to do.
Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
Suddenly, CRASH LANDS on the catwalk enclosure about them -- right next to a gaping hole in the mesh.
Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak.
All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus to leap out at any moment.
Spinosaurus pushes past the boat.
He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before.
And suddenly the raptors attack.
It's a gorgeous and terrifying sight.
Terrified, the Costa Rican CHOPPER PILOT veers away, but the pteranodons are already on him.
The helicopter suddenly tips, falling, SMASHING into the trees with a massive fireball.
The pteranodon goes to bite him again, but finds it head caught between the rungs.
It also reels in the pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dangerous.
A neon drive-in casts long shadows across a vast parking lot as the sun drops behind a distant hill.
Curt doesn't move, as if afraid of scaring her away.
Suddenly, a car horn honks next to them.
Terry tries to escape, but in his panic the engine dies.
Terry begins to get worried as the salesman begins to fondle his new Chevy.
He becomes frightened as the salesman attempts to drag him over to one of the 'Vettes.
Suddenly, there's a rumbling noise as the pipes break and water gushes over the floor.
Panic!
John shakes his head no.
Terry gets a little nervous.
A record needle scratches and "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" blares out as Steve and Laurie dance alone in the middle of the floor.
He moans.
Suddenly she puts her hand on his leg.
Suddenly, a rough- looking face, belonging to Vic Lozier, pops in her window.
Suddenly, he sees something--the T-bird going the other way down the street.
He looks a little concerned and starts the coupe.
Suddenly, there's a gunshot!
Ants (a tall, ghoulish-looking kid who probably got his name from the scar across his face which has recently been stitched to look like a party of ants marching across his cheek.)
The radio blares "Ain't that a Shame?" as Curt sits in the back seat of the car looking very nervous.
Suddenly, she grabs him and pulls him down on top of herself.
Ants is sitting in a "Rocket to the Moon" ride, pounding on it unsuccessfully when suddenly it starts.
Inside the small office, Curt shakes hands with Hank Anderson, who pats him on the shoulder.
They start walking faster, anxious to get away.
Suddenly, a beam from a flashlight plays across the trunk.
He suddenly jumps with a start.
Carol looks scared and grabs onto the dash.
Curt ties the cable to a post and then, looking scared, crawls under the police car with the cable.
Everything is dark and quiet as the adult population sleeps through the night.
The yellow deuce coupe roars off down the dark street.
She jumps out of the car and runs up the walk to the house.
He can only moan.
Steve shakes his head no.
A little scared, he goes inside and closes the door.
She looks determined not to seem as scared as she really is.
Laurie looks scared now.
Terry looks nervous, the engines start to scream and Terry, his hands shaking on the flashlight, manages to flash it on.
Inside Falfa's car, Laurie looks scared to death.
The crash car is beginning to burn in the engine compartment and John is panicked.
Then, panicked, he jumps from the car and rushes to the booth.
Then the plane's shadow ripples over the car and it, too, is gone.
Roberta looks scared shitless.
We see relief -- and fear -- in Roberta's face.
The students stare at her, afraid of her now.
He has a serious expression and a scar on his left cheek.
Roberta's scared -- so she keeps talking, as if it's not really happening.
She suddenly remembers where she is, and quickly looks at the clock.
HOLD ON ROBERTA, looking hurt and frightened.
She turns back to Nick who looks worried.
Janet rushes through the throngs while Roberta tries to keep up.
A beat.
One of the buildings on the street is burned out, missing a front door.
A beat.
Roberta looks at him, concerned that he's not responding to her news.
A beat.
A beat.
They finish and stare at her, afraid of her response.
The boy nervously shakes his head no.
A beat.
You can see on her face that she's dreading the emptiness.
Roberta gets up and warily approaches the door.
A few beats.
This is making her nervous.
She looks at him, afraid of what he might be saying.
A beat.
The anger drains out of her as she suddenly sees what this is all about.
He's fast asleep.
She crosses to Ernie and shakes him.
The boys look frightened, but Roberta's on a mission.
Roberta climbs the dimly-lit stairs of a dilapidated, scary building.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a bicycle.
LEONARD, a scrawny white boy takes his letter, scared by it.
Concepcion shakes her head no.
Roberta crosses into the kitchen and returns with a cutting board and a knife.
We realize from the scar that one is NAEEM (20.), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.
It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a stage door opening.
Roberta pours nervous energy into her cappuccino, adding cinnamon, chocolate, and sugar, stirring loudly.
Janet looks at her, concerned.
Roberta talks to Janet with a worried expression.
Butt-Kong to Butt-Head asleep on the couch with Beavis shaking him.
Butt-Head is dead asleep on the couch.
Beavis shakes him.
Punks run in fear.
Another tosses a knife.
Butt-Head approaches them.
She SPANKS him.
Suddenly Martha buckles Beavis' belt.
Beavis goes white with fear.
The plane starts to shake.
Beavis starts to freak.
ON PEOPLE seeing Butt-Head flying, screaming in panic.
The guy's asleep.
The people are white with fear, some covered with flecks of spilled food and other matter.
Butt-Head approaches a door next to the bed.
Suddenly, the door opens.
The place is being surrounded by police and plain black cars.
They're in shock.
They walk away, not seeing that behind them, B&B approach the control room door.
Suddenly the lights blink on and off.
Machinery stops suddenly and large support beams break.
Suddenly dozens of A.T.F.
People are in a panic.
BEAVIS' P.O.V. OF BUTT-HEAD: His face starts to warp and colors start shifting.
Suddenly, it pops open.
They gasp.
Isolated.
Beavis is starting to SHAKE AND MAKE STRANGE NOISES.
He looks up, suddenly seeing: DOZENS OF A.T.F.
Suddenly, dozens of agents surround him, pointing guns at him.
He continues to babble, making the agents nervous.
As before, the flight crew stares in horror and silence as B&B deplane.
His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep.
Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, but is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain in her stomach.
Suddenly, Gideon's rooster starts to CROW.
Suddenly, the chickens start to run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in.
She shakes out a rug.
The SOUND of the trumpet frightens Skip's birds.
Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint from time to time.
Hattie has a series of squinting attacks.
His head is resting on his chest.
His racking COUGH is frightening.
Hattie has started her nervous twitch again.
Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding up one of the twins, Loviray.
The sound of his voice frightens her.
The noise of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet next door drown out Suzie's voice.
Gideon is asleep.
Gideon has dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged considerably.
She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark.
Linda's eye is still swollen.
Gideon is asleep.
Two shadows on the wall are facing each other.
Gideon is sound asleep.
Harry picks up the knife.
The knife falls out.
Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitchen and rush to see what is going on.
Everything is wet from the night's rain.
Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and starts to CROW.
Rhonda is asleep in a chair.
The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly.
BLACKNESS.
Jerry flees.
Estelle stares in horror.
The trailer shakes from the two adults flogging the mattress in the back.
Nick moves up, lubricating her arms, shoulders and neck.
A beat.
Nick approaches the shower building.
Suddenly the door opens.
A beat.
The dog shakes the scrotum in his jaws.
In Nick's eyes the fear of a sentence worse than death.
BLACKNESS.
Beat.
He shakes it.
She stalks off.
The trailer clips the corner of the house.
Nick takes a moment to watch in horror as dark plumes of smoke billow into the sky, the geyser of water, the storm of dazed chickens.
Nick suddenly brightens.
Vijay sits and shakes their hands.
The figure falls into the surf and the crowd of watching BIKINI-CLAD GIRLS gasp in horror.
The car pulls to a stop in the parking lot, the school looming beyond, slightly obfuscated by a light drizzle.
Beat.
Beat.
Nick enters the dark room to the sound of the bed squeaking.
The door to the room slams open and they are suddenly backlit by the harsh beam of the matron's flashlight.
Nick shivers in his underwear.
He scurries into the house.
Then - We're off and running through the woods, trying to keep up with Nick as he flees.
Suddenly we hear a double SONIC BOOM.
The ship suddenly SHAKES.
Soran's eyes are suddenly wild, crazed.
Suddenly a com voice interrupts.
There is a sudden banging from the far corner of the room.
Soran has not aged at all over the years but he does have a permanent scar on his face from the earlier wound.
The men shake hands and Picard sits down.
FOLLOW Soran across Ten Forward... until he suddenly stops in shock at something he sees... of Guinan, who is now back at the bar.
She shakes off the feeling and goes back to work.
Geordi suddenly stops in front of what appears to be a standard bulkhead.
Data suddenly start LAUGHING.
He whirls around and points a phaser at Data, who suddenly looks fearful.
A shadow crosses his face.
Suddenly, a BLINDING BURST OF LIGHT  from outside the windows washes into the room.
Data is huddled in a corner of the room, cowering in fear.
B'Etor grabs Soran and holds a wicked-looking knife to his throat.
Soran is unfazed by this threat.
She hits a control and suddenly Guinan's face appears on the screen.
Geordi moves his hand to the spot, but then the protrusion is suddenly gone.
Suddenly Geordi grabs his chest in pain.
He suddenly has a horrible realization.
On the display, the Veridian star suddenly DARKENS and GOES OUT.
Picard eyes the graphic with a sense of dread.
Suddenly, Crusher's face looms large in the picture, as if she's leaning over Geordi.
as he reacts to the terrifying image.
He gets a couple of levels up, and then suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the face.
There's no where to run...  as the RIBBON OF ENERGY TEARS ACROSS THE SCENE IN A WASHED OUT BY A BLINDING FLOOD OF RED LIGHT... Then suddenly the Ribbon is GONE...  and so are Picard and Soran.
We can see on his face that something is very wrong.
Suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the head.
who is attacking Soran in Picard's place.
Suddenly the probe CLOAKS.
Soran watches in horror as the probe crashes harmlessly into the distant jungle.
Harlan is hauling Thelma out the door into the parking lot.
Thelma shakes her head no.
We hear his body HIT the gravel parking lot.
The car behind him is splattered with blood.
Thelma shakes her head "no."
He stops.
Louise pulls out of the parking lot onto the road.
Suddenly she reaches over and locks her door.
Hal's unmarked detective car pulls up in front of Thelma's house.
Louise, Thelma, and J.D. pull into the motel parking lot.
He drops it in.
J.D. attacks her again.
He stops her, suddenly.
Louise shakes her head no.
He watches them.
Louise is looking a little nervous.
The car is flying down the road.
Thelma is asleep.
He drops it.
The car is still flying down the road.
Police Bulletin VOICE OVER BEGINS AND PLAYS OVER following scenes: A police helicopter flies over the burning wreckage of the fuel truck.
Thelma sits up suddenly.
She looks scared.
A steady stream of state police cars pulls out of the parking lot with lights flashing while other policemen are running to their cars still parked in the lot.
A huge cloud of dust blows across the road as he approaches the intersection.
ANOTHER ANGLE as police car #1 and police car #2 both pull back onto the road right next to each other.
The dust from the cars is blowing across them.
fearful, nervous, poised on one ring.
The character speaks: The new captive looks up, nervous.
He stops.
He stares at the warning.
reacting in fear, looking up as the screen GOES TO BLACK.
Flynn settles into a chair; Alan leans against a game, nervous; Lora paces.
We see a human figure falling feet first down this tunnel from the outside, and suddenly we're at the bottom, and the figure stops, staggering from the force of the fall, but upright.
turning towards Flynn as he hears this noise.
Sark is staring up at the screen, frowning, nervous, frightened of this new User-warrior.
He looks over at Crom, who's anxious.
Suddenly a voice rings out from above.
The sound of GUARDS' running feet approaching their cells.
Suddenly, we hear a RUMBLING SOUND.
Suddenly Ram's fading glow begins to flow through their clasped hands into Flynn.
Horrified, Flynn tries to pull away, but Ram holds him fast.
Flynn watches in horror, frantically trying to reverse the flow, but it's too late.
There's a NOISE from above, and Tron looks up.
This is the building Tron was eyeing when we left him.
Tron pulls her close to him, sliding his hand up her arm, leaving a glowing trace, and her hands move up over his chest.
Flynn suddenly drops down to the floor.
His hands start to shake with the force of the communication beam, and suddenly the disk is ripped from his hands, to rise, glowing brilliantly, upwards to the source of the light.
He stops.
We can see Tron's back as he hears a noise.
He grabs her shoulder, pulling her against him...  they have to shout to be heard above the noise of the increasing beam.
Suddenly his whole body glows with the same intensity as the beam.
Suddenly another beam blasts out from his arm.
We can see Yori's anxious face to one side.
He faints.
Hanging onto a wall, he starts pulling his feet up to gain a precarious foothold.
Suddenly, a stronger LIGHT flashes on in the cell, the door opens, and we see Sark standing there, framed in the cell door.
Suddenly his hand goes right through the door.
He stops in horror.
Their faces are very close as he stares down, terrified that he is too late to save her.
Suddenly her eyes widen as her form returns to solidarity, and color floods back into her.
It wavers.
He hears a NOISE and turns...  and in a flash of light a speeding disk smashes into him, knocking him over.
It's horrible.
about to fire again.
Suddenly there is an explosion of static, as Flynn falls into the MCP.
He studies his hands -- and SEES that they're now nonluminescent flesh and blood.
PAN BACK TO Troy, faces the CAMERA, CLOSE, scared, then turns back to the dune and runs a few yards.
on the front of a Bradley pushes sand right TOWARD THE CAMERA DOLLY INTO five terrified Iraqis, eyes open with fear, as the sand rolls over them.
Vig drives as the Humvee speeds around the town square, zooming past scared Shiites in black robes, a few skinny dogs, a few bewildered Iraqi soldiers.
Iraqi soldiers look scared as the Humvee drives up, like it's going to hit them, and stops, flag fluttering in the breeze.
Five IRAQI SOLDIERS look disoriented and scared as they hold their hands up in the air.
Vig looks terrified as the crowd scatters, leaving him alone as he points his big unloaded pistol.
He lies down and breathes heavily with a hand on his chest.
An IRAQI SOLDIER steps into the corridor at the far end, sees Archie coming, looks terrified, and runs back.
Archie and Troy run right past the scared Iraqi.
Troy heads him off with his pistol -- The other rifle-loader stands looking scared.
The naked Shiite in glasses shakes.
Vig looks horrified as he watches.
Troy and Doc look nervous.
A cuffed Iraqi Guard kneels with a bleeding head.
CLOSE UP: BLOOD on the Iraqi Soldier's knuckles and wrists.
The soldier chases them with a knife and jabs at the man, cutting him, but not lethally.
The soldier drops the knife in the dirt.
Troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the Iraqi soldiers, who point their rifles back at Troy and Doc.
He looks terrified as his thumbs twitch on the triggers.
Ending on Troy wincing as he holds his chest.
A spider runs across it and gets stuck.
Vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining Iraqi soldiers who stand over eight terrified Shiites.
The soldiers get on their knees, pleading for mercy.
Suddenly, THE SOUND of an APPROACHING TANK.
Vig looks terrified as he drives.
A GUNSHOT RINGS OUT, a soldier is hit in the arm.
A Black Robed Figure walks right past Archie, takes a scared Shiite man by the arm and leads him to the side.
He screams at Vig, who looks scared.
The White Assistant shakes his head 'NO.'
They shake.
Suddenly Vig's pistol FIRES.
Vig looks scared as he drives the Infiniti straight toward the bunker.
They go to the rear door, pile up in the dark, pushing.
He approaches and kicks it repeatedly, without success.
Archie kicks in a door -- it is pitch black -- an emergency light flickers on and off -- revealing the two Iraqi torturers at the control table, where one tries to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- In flickering light -- Archie SHOOTS one Iraqi guard squarely in the chest, then the other -- the only SOUND IS THE GUN POPPING and the BULLETS TEARING into their bodies.
Vig gropes the sand for his glasses, crawling on his hands and knees with the dead Shiite on his back.
Archie cuts the fuse on the ball with his knife.
Troy and Doc look terrified.
Suddenly a RIFLE SHOT RINGS OUT, Troy jumps.
Doc looks sad and scared as he tries to turns Vig's head to help him breathe.
Huge relief comes over Troy's face as he breathes normally.
He is sweating with a fever and his arm hurts.
PAN TO - Troy suddenly drops to one knee.
Elsa suddenly slips.
A sleepy Kristoff and Sven travel alone through the dark woods.
Down below, the King holds a frightened Elsa.
Suddenly, a bunch of rocks tumble down the valley toward them.
In the Northern Lights display, the sharp spikes cause human figures to panic and attack Elsa.
Suddenly, her icy hands freeze the windowsill.
Elsa (now 12.) paces as she panics.
She falls back asleep while sitting.
-She shakes hands with a suit of armor.
Her hands shake.
Anna sees Hans's worried face.
Elsa gasps, spins around and reaches for the glove in panic.
GASPS of shock and fear sweep over the crowd.
The crowd panics.
Elsa flees.
She shivers.
The front door suddenly blows open and in walks a mass of a man covered in ice.
Sven suddenly stops, ears perked in alarm.
Kristoff stands, looks into the dark woods surrounding them.
Suddenly, he starts to slip.
Suddenly, a voice comes in from nowhere.
He suddenly looks up at Anna.
Anxiety runs high amongst the villagers and guests.
Suddenly they hear the alarmed whinny of Anna's horse.
Her muscles shake.
Elsa's fear, so strong, sucks the blizzard back into her and then it bursts out, unwittingly, like a sharp snowflake.
She falls to her knees.
Kristoff sees spiky ice shadows creeping down the walls.
He stops.
They both SCREAM!
Suddenly, Kristoff's head pops up.
Stops.
She shivers.
Suddenly Anna is surrounded by trolls.
Anna shivers again, collapsing into Kristoff's arms.
Elsa flees to the top floor of her palace.
In two swift moves, Elsa traps one thug in a cage of spikes that threaten his neck.
She sees the men, frightened, moments from death.
She stops.
Elsa looks to Hans, overwhelmed, frightened.
Elsa looks to the storm with worry.
Anna shivers in Kristoff's arms.
Kristoff stands there with Sven for a beat, staring with worry at the closed gates.
He rubs his arms and shivers.
Elsa looks out at the storm that is devastating Arendelle, then hears the guards approaching.
They crack.
Anna shivers by the door.
The door handle suddenly jiggles.
Stops.
He panics, pushes the snow back in place.
Suddenly, the window blows open, cold wind sweeps in.
But they fight through.
He goes swirling off into the storm.
Suddenly, a mangled ship, risen by ice, capsizes   over them.
She clutches her chest.
But then he hears a faint-- Elsa struggles through her own storm, but the fear is consuming her.
A dark shadow approaches.
And with that, the swirling storm suddenly stops.
The mood is suddenly fast and urgent as a gurney is wheeled rapidly through the doors.
Suddenly, the conversation is interrupted by a shatteringly loud SCREAM, agonized and terrified, coming from the ER.
And freezes in terrified shock.
Fear has entered her life.
It is unclear due to distance but there is a lot of blood on the Soldier's body and uniform.
A huge FLAME leaps out of the lighter, producing an instant of terror from Terri.
Then it gets wierder; the blood suddenly dissipates into six or seven little rivulets that begin to run down the pillar.
They all culminate at the point of Pinhead's chin - and then separate again, running over his frozen black face along the carved scar lines that make a matrix across his features.
Terri shrugs, gives a nervous smile.
The daylight street is still creepy but in a different way; No bums, no trash-can fires, nothing.
A sudden silence.
Suddenly, the dust around the box begins to move as if blown by an invisible wind.
Couples neck in shadowed corners.
Suddenly, horribly, the monster's eyes fly open and his frozen face stares down at the lovers.
Suddenly - BAM! BIG SCARE MOMENT! - two blackened arms fly out from the center of the pillar and grab Sandy's gesturing arms.
Sandy screams in mortal terror.
He backs away to the opposite wall, face shocked, scared shitless.
JP flattened against the far wall, watches in horror as Sandy, held tight against the pillar, suffers a horrible death: Sandy's life-force is sucked from her.  Drawn into the pillar.
The wind keeps blowing through the room.
Suddenly ....  BRRRRRRRRR ... the phone rings.
Suddenly, one - and only one - of the monitors suffers a WHITE Joey glances up at the one ghosting monitor, puzzled - and then freezes in shock.
A noise begins to be heard OFF.
Fear vies with fascination in Joey's expression.
Vulnerable.
Terri flings herself backward, screaming in shock and fear.
Terri - safely feet away from the pillar - stands, shaking and breathless, eyes wide in horror and shock as she stares at this creature from nightmare.
And JP finally - for one brief second of terrifying clarity - realizes what's happening.
But she backs off slowly, sensuously, like an eager but nervous virgin bride ready for her groom.
Joey shrinks back in nervous shock at this direct address.
And gasps.
A beat.
Is it a street-gang attack?
Slow.
Pinhead surveys the scene before him and the terrified and awe- struck crowd look back at him.
He looks at the terrified humans.
Joey raises her head, bleary-eyed, and glances round the room trying to locate the source of the noise that has woken her.
CLOSE on Joey's face as she reacts in horror to what she is seeing.
Joey's eyes widen in horror as she speaks uselessly to the screen.
Joey has her hands at her mouth in horror.
CLOSE on a terrified face.
Well, that's enough of a direct threat for any officer of the law.
The cops turn, terrified, to look back.
Elder Cop stares in terror at his partner's fate.
His eyes show terror.
The fear in his eyes increases.
SLAM!
The chain pulls taut and then suddenly retracts into the darkness, hauling the Cop off his feet and dragging him along the alley into the blackness.
And pulls to a horrified stop.
A beat.
It's on fire.
Suddenly, a CREAKING noise from behind her.
The mood is suddenly different after the frenzied drive across town.
Her manner makes the mood suddenly creepy.
Her eyes stare in horror as it ascends through the air.
Pinhead starts across the room.
Suddenly, a khaki-uniformed arm moves into shot and grasps Pinhead's hand, arm-wrestling style.
Shooting up from within and hooking themselves cruelly into the Officer's face and chest.
He's now a CENOBITE - blue-skinned, scarred, mutilated, and decorated with metal and leather.
Terri howls in terror, throws her hands to her face ...  and the Box flies from her hands.
A monster.
Her panic intensifies as we hear another CLICK and the water pressure increases.
Catherine shakes her head no.
The corridors are dark and most everyone has gone home.
Arms flailing, mouth gasping, eyes filled with dread.
The driver JUMPS, startled and frightened.
Novak looks into the dead white eyes of Anne Vicksey, trying to imagine the horrors she beheld.
She rolls down her window and can hear the poor thing whimpering.
Gravely concerned, Ramsey moves across the room.
She glimpses herself in the mirror and is startled by what she sees - a terrified girl.
Agent Stockwell turns to a worried Novak.
As a nervous NURSE exits, we see TWO POLICEMEN standing guard in the outer hallway.
Novak's worry intensifies.
Edward is frightened by what's happening and runs away.
The STAFF watches with a mixture of fear and curiosity as a stretcher bearing the catatonic Stargher is wheeled FAST through the corridors by an FBI escort team.
Miriam needs a moment to fully take in the scars.
Darkness.
She sits up, shivering, and breathes deeply, acclimating to her surroundings.
The frightened child retreats into a corner of the claustrophobic room, but the horse does not startle.
She runs, climbs and crawls.
She retreats into shadow, hiding.
Ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appears to "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets Catherine in the shadows, and ATTACKS!
And sees the terrifying face of STARGHER.
A worried Novak searches the halls of the Campbell Center.
This is difficult for her.
As the agent brings the frightened animal into the monitoring area, Catherine and Valentine share a moment of "connection."
Young Stargher is at the sink WASHING DISHES, an anxious eye on the clock.
The boy's eyes fill with dread.
FROM WITHIN THE CLOSET, she watches the terrified child through a CRACK in the door.
Young Stargher backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
Terrified, she shakes her head "no."
The poor boy trembles with fear.
She again hears the WEIRD NOISE.
Catherine backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
A wave of fear, of impending doom, overtakes Catherine.
CLOUDS hover above a dark, gloomy landscape dotted with hills.
And Novak crawls into darkness.
THING THROUGH HIS THROAT!
He so desperately wants her affection, but fear prevents him from reaching out to her.
Scared, he shakes his head "no."
Terrified, the boy searches for a place to hide.
And she is haunted by the sight of a frightened child in the arms of a monster...  Henry notices significant activity on the monitors.
Pale and sweating, he winces as his stomach agonizingly cramps.
Panicked, he scrambles to shore and pulls himself to land.
Shivering, he hunches down, eyes darting this way and that.
Young Stargher's eyes open wide with silent terror.
Over his shoulder, she sees a SNAKE slither through the pool.
For a moment, Catherine appears frightened and intimidated.
She SLASHES across his chest, drawing blood.
Dead.
And there it is: The abandoned farmhouse!
And disappears.
CRACK!
CRASH!
IN THE KITCHEN, Miriam packs up her stethoscope and blood pressure monitor, moves into the living room as Dorothy falls asleep in a field of poppies...  Catherine nods, but she's more interested in the movie.
He mumbles in smothered terror; he twitches.
William wants to run, but he can't get his body to respond... and the hanging nobleman, his bloated tongue still bursting through his lips, moans...  WILLIAM tears himself from sleep; looking around, swallowing back his tears and panic.
Red-headed CAMPBELL, scarred and missing fingers, is stirred up, while his friend MacCLANNOUGH is reluctant.
William has been awake all night, afraid to sleep.
On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is preparing them.
William moves down to the room where his uncle would be sleeping.
Wind rushes in, blowing out his candle.
William has a bundle of clothes in his lap, and glances at his uncle as if afraid of his disapproval if he looks back.
We are in the -- Longshanks is being listened to by his advisors, all in the outrageous splendor of royal military dress, and all deathly afraid of him.
He looks dangerous.
As they break their embrace, a figure carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken door of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes.
It's the soldier with the scar, the one who's been staring at her.
As the townspeople try to move in the three soldiers waiting their turn at Marion pull their knives, keep them townspeople back.
She shouts to warn him that the scarred soldier, now bloodyfaced, has recovered from the rock and is behind William with a knife.
Marion controls him, but a flap of her ripped dress has caught on a crude nail, and as the frightened horse lunges forward again, she is pulled off its bare back, her dress catching and ripping at the same time, dropping her hard.
We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his horse pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with their eyes white with fear...
The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too.
Wallace's eyes shift, falling on Marion's blood, in a dark dry splash by the wall of the well, the stain dripping down onto the dirt of the street.
The messenger spurs his horse to gallop through -- and is hit in the chest with an axe!
On his FACE as he moves grimly up a dark castle staircase.
lying on his new tartan, in camp, with Hamish shaking him, William's arms clutched empty to his chest.
Wallace and his friends are starting to panic.
Pickering's men panic and run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident by their torches, fell with them in all directions.
Talmadge has begun to panic. the Scots are carving their way through the English soldiers; nothing can stop them.
sees the Scottish nobles attacking.
The English soldiers are in utter panic, running and being cut down on all sides.
Suddenly the men on the other end of the table change their attack.
Suddenly Wallace turns his back and walks toward the door.
It rumbles ominously TOWARD CAMERA...  THE CIVILIAN PANIC CONTINUES as more people join the swell of those leaving York.
Suddenly they look up in horror; the English are throwing the bodies of hanged Scots over the wall.
He approaches the central table with great dread and places the basket on it, uncovering its contents.
Edward rushes toward the window in horror.
Most of those there are shocked.
And as they draw nearer, Wallace hears a haunting noise.
The crossbowmen are distracted from their reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleash the dogs, fear races through the English line.
Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's horse!
He wakes, and listens to a strange noise.
are the assassins, killing knives ready.
Wallace wakes suddenly; sunlight!
He sits by a palace hearth, where a huge blaze burns; still he's huddled beneath a blanket, and coughing blood.
We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the street and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek.
On the platform are a noose, a dissection table with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an enormous axe.
He's just a scared Puerto Rican kid! JOSE immediately rolls over and feigns sleep as SCARFACE, a menacing guard with a jagged scar running down his cheek, looms close to COLE's cage and unlocks it.
A surreal image of abandoned buildings.
A large SPIDER tries to hide from the light.
BLACKNESS.
And it's her beeper that suddenly BEEPS.
The TERRIFIED TRAVELER looks up at YOUNG COLE, makes eye contact, but doesn't speak.
His eyes adjusting to the darkness, COLE watches them exit.
COLE has become preoccupied with a small SPIDER creeping along the window sill.
Grabbing the SPIDER, COLE scrambles back into bed just as the door opens and an ORDERLY probes the dark room with the blade of his flashlight.
He attacks the nearest man.
She looks a little like RAILLY except for the dark hair, the make-up.
The room is dark now, except...  a slide is being projected on a torn screen.
The BRUNETTE runs up the concourse, her back to YOUNG COLE, as frightened PASSENGERS duck for cover, SHOUTING!
The walls of the gloomy chamber are damp, sweating.
DRIZZLING RAIN.
COLE'S in a deep trench, naked, eyes wide with terror.
SUDDENLY, SHOTS RING OUT.
The AUDIENCE gives a nervous CHUCKLE.
RAILLY seems to be alone in the lot as she fishes keys from her purse, unlocks her car door, starts to open it when...  Suddenly, she's grabbed from behind in a choke-hold by a large shadowy MAN looming out of the darkness behind her.
RAILLY freezes, terrified, as he opens the rear door and scrambles in behind her.
RAILLY and COLE both react to the radio, suddenly alert.
RAILLY stares at him, then turns and is looking all around when, suddenly, COLE pulls her up tight and threatens...  ANGLE ON COLE, not listening, staring triumphantly!
RAILLY is considering her surroundings dubiously when, suddenly, COLE pulls her toward the mouth of a dark and forbidding alley.
Zipping his fly hastily, the SECOND THUG turns to deal with COLE but COLE attacks him.... rocking him again and again with savage blows that come one after another with lightning speed.
RAILLY reacts, sudden fear in her eyes.
He looms over her.
A beat.
Then, suddenly, JEFFREY rushes to COLE and embraces him.
Panic.
SMASH.
Suddenly, he sees what he's looking for.
Disappeared.
Suddenly, the bedside phone RINGS.
CLOSE ON RAILLY, eager, concerned.
The knife clatters to the floor as WALLACE yelps in pain and COLE slams him to the floor, straddles his chest, retrieves the near-by knife, and presses it sharply against WALLACE'S neck.
RAILLY is pounding on the bathroom door now as, suddenly, it opens and COLE steps out, the knife in his right hand, dripping with blood.
In between nervous glances toward the door, RAILLY supervises as COLE obediently blocks the bathroom door with the bureau.
Turning, he faces the angry jaws of a BEAR only inches away Recovering from a jolt of terror, COLE realizes the BEAR is a life-size toy in the display window.
Looking at her laughing face, COLE is struck with horror as he realizes the truth!
MASON'S VOICE, plaintive, frightened.
He panics.
Suddenly, she backs up, gently maneuvering him with her, past the sleeping USHER, to and through an unlocked, unmarked door, then closing it behind them.
RAILLY'S POV:  the front page shows a photo of three frightened GIRAFFES in freeway gridlock under a headline proclaiming, "TERRORISTS CREATE CHAOS".
ANGLE ON RAZZLY, suddenly spotting DR.
PETERS, frightened, glancing back, walking faster.
A beat.
PETERS as frightened TRAVELERS SCREAM and dive for cover.
CRACK!
Suddenly, her gaze falls on YOUNG COLE and she reacts... she's found what she's looking for!
HIGH WIDE ON: TENS OF THOUSANDS of CHITAURI stand ready in a seething mass of neat rows and columns.... the ground simply Out in the NEW MEXICO desert, a remote research facility is in a state of panic.
CHAOS.
SELVIG clacks away at the keyboard and sees on the monitoring his worst nightmares.
Suddenly- the Tesseract THUNDERS and SHAKES the entire facility.
SHIELD GUARDS slowly approach, weapons in hands.
Loki jumps high from the platform and ATTACKS those firing at him.
He stops and waits to see who will attack him next.
Barton's eyes suddenly glow BLACK.
Loki, Barton, Selvig and the other S.H.I.E.L.D personnel are in the parking lot of the facility, quickly gathering certain weapons.
Then...  THE DESERT.
A beat.
Out in the outskirts, near a railroad, a still in construction building is being occupied by GEORGI LUCHKOV, a LARGE, RUSSIAN GENERAL along with his THUGS.
Dialogue is in RUSSIAN.
Natasha is now scared.
Suddenly, WEASELLY THUG'S cell rings.
A beat.
Like a spider, she stands up elegantly and starts ATTACKING TALL THUG by KICKBOXING him in the face.
Points to the energy in his chest plate.
As Pepper leaves with Agent Coulson, Tony grabs the Tesseract in holograph form, worried.
THE OTHER runs over to attack him, but stops as Loki points his scepter.
Steve walks up to Banner and shakes his hands.
Suddenly the HELICARRIER starts SHAKING as it prepares to fly "sail."
Banner, reluctantly shakes it.
He PLUNGES down the doctor's eye.
Suddenly, from Barton's instrument, a holographic eye of the head doctor appears and the image of the doctor appears on screen.
THUNDER.
I'll fly you there.
Tony and Banner shake hands.
An intelligence organization that fears intelligence?
Steve takes in the possibility, but as an obedient soldier, shakes it off.
Suddenly, he stops.
H.I.E.L.D monitors potential threat potential threats?
His voice has the change in it -- the bitter amusement is morphing to a growled threat.
She stops.
She stops.
Loki walks up to him and CROUCHES down to attack.
Loki stands there in caution, as does his GUARDING Suddenly, GUARDING SOLDIER falls down like a tree.
As he forces the knife down, she BITES his wrist.
Barton lets go of the knife.
A beat.
Natasha watches over him as Barton tries to shake off Loki's mind control.
A blinding BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on MJOLNIR.
Loki TAPS Tony on the chest with his scepter.
They and their weapons collide.
Suddenly, the city LURCHES to a stop.
They look up and see Loki taking his band down the street and FIRES at the street IN A TERRIFIED PEOPLE running from Loki, looking over their shoulders, coming straight at us.
TWO CHITAURI SOLDIERS attack.
She then JUMPS on the rider and STICKS her knives into his nervous system.
DEAD.
Destroyed.
THE HULK jumps in, ready to attack.
As Thor takes the reins, a CHITAURI LEVIATHAN crashes through a building, knocking him down to where Cap is, fighting off SOLDIERS.
Suddenly, another 7 ALPHA 11 JET FLIES off.
He presses it.
PEPPER, along with her crew, watches on T.V., in horror, the destruction in NEW YORK.
Tony looks in horror.
We then see Tony's horror.
Suddenly, all of the CHITAURI SOLDIERS and CHITAURI LEVIATHANS KEEL OVER and begin to SHAKE, then stop.
Suddenly, a flashlight cuts open the darkness and we find ourselves in -- The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way across the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms as it spooled soot up the walls and ceiling leaving patterns of permanent shadow.
In blind panic, another airs his gun, the barrel, a fixed black hole -- And FIRES -- Trinity twists out of the way, the bullet missing as she reverses into a roundhouse kick, knocking the gun away.
He shakes his head, not completely sure what happened.
He hangs up.
The WIND suddenly BLASTS up the face of the building, knocking Neo off balance.
The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the dark sedan.
Wild with fear, he lunges for the door but the agents restrain him holding him in the chair.
It CONTINUES RINGING, building pressure in the room, forcing him up out of bed, sucking him in with an almost gravitational force.
She hangs up.
He strides to Neo and they shake hands.
The mirror creeps up his neck as Neo begins to panic, tipping his head as though he were sinking into the mirror, trying to keep his mouth up.
Neo begins to drown when he is suddenly snatched from the flow of waste.
The wind is knocked from Neo's chest.
There are several disturbing NOISES as he works the needle in.
The room is dark.
Everyone is asleep.
Neo swallows another throat- scorching mouthful.
Mouse's body thrashes against its harness as -- BULLETS POUND him against the blood-splattered brick window.
Cypher is carried out, hand-cuffed, his body still shaking, mucus bubbling out his nose.
He fires -- But Morpheus' is too fast, using the manhole cover as a shield, blocking the darts, then -- Frisbee-ing it into the cop's armored chest, knocking him off his feet.
Across the street is the burning paddy wagon that appears to have collided witli an oncoming car.
She hangs up.
Dead machines, eviscerated and shrouded with dust lay on metal shelves like bodies in a morgue.
Cypher holds his chest.
She suddenly feels her body severed from her mind as she is murdered.
She turns to Neo, eyes wide with fear, and he knows he is next.
Cypher is on the ground, his left leg blown off at the knee.
She glares at him.
A dark wind blows.
They cut across the lobby drawing nervous glances.
Dark glasses, game faces.
He looks up the long, dark throat of the building and takes a deep breath.
Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly and slides open.
An enormous EXPLOSION THUNDERS above them, shaking the building.
Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used with the same deadly precision as their feet and their fists.
Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is behind him.
Marines, trying to communicate with the men on the roof, are beginning to panic when Agent Jones comes around the corner.
Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls.
Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain.
Both shaking, they hold each other again.
The Old Man is shaking, terrified.
He starts to turn from the edge of the building when he suddenly hears it, his head whipping back around, staring -- As the Old Man stares.
And this time Agent Smith's attack is too much, an unrelenting fury, fists pounding like jackhammers.
The Agent is about to jump down, and press his attack when he hears sonething.
Neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its emergency brake.
She pounds on his chest.
He steps out of the phone booth and starts walking, wearing a long black coat and dark glasses.
Suddenly, Sue Ann is hit by an errant rubber ball.
HOLD on David's shocked expression ...   MUSIC UP AS Betty's not sure what Del said, but the panic in his voice got through.
Del is facing her, tiny rivulets of blood running into his terrified eyes.
Wesley stands at his shoulder, still holding a handful of his hair, still poised with the knife.
A terrified SCREAM as the cake lands unceremoniously on the entryway.
A police car pulls up to Sue Ann's house.
Suddenly, she hits the gas and bolts off along the Oklahoma blacktop.
Charlie climbs down from the big rig and heads across the parking lot.
She hangs up.
Merle SLAMS his hand down on the bar, scaring her.
She looks worried.
She hangs up.
He hangs up.
As they near Emergency the NOISE LEVEL picks up.
Betty walks toward her calmly, indifferent to the danger as Rosa pulls the gurney out of the ambulance herself.
She peels back the bandages over a huge chest wound.
Charlie POUNDS on the hood of the car, scaring Wesley.
Wesley is in the car, but he's too scared to tell Charlie, whose eyes are blazing.
A moment of silence as they drive.
They shake hands.
She stops.
It's a standoff.
He hangs up.
Austere.
She's shaking with fear.
Suddenly a light snaps on for her and she stares at him.
Suddenly, she hears a familiar voice.
Betty nods, scared, and looks through the peephole.
He has trouble starting this.
It falls soundlessly onto his chest.
She looks at Roy in a slightly different way before crawling away toward the kitchen.
Lyla shakes her head "no." George and Betty sit across from one another in a booth.
Her large Victorian skirt spreads across the men's arms and backs, on her head a black bonnet, around her neck her pad and pen.
Sc 12     EXT     BEACH                         DAY     Sc 12 ADA is sheltering behind the crated piano, anxiety etched on her face.
FLORA  is asleep at her feet a half eaten biscuit in her hand ADA has found a gap through the crate so that she might lift the lid and play a few notes.
ADA is hand signaling a story to FLORA who lies back watching, nervous and afraid.
He walks to another chest She writes "clothes".
ADA gets worried, the piano is being left alone.
None of this is a concern to ADA who is distracted with fear for her piano.
BAINES and he are but small dots in this giant earth scar Sc 43     INT     BAINES' HUT                    DAY     Sc 43 Inside BAINES' hut the old man feels the piano.
It takes off under the house.
She is shy and nervous She turns to BAINES who nods.
BAINES moves close, he goes down on his knees to watch her feet on the pedals.
Then suddenly aware of her stillness he too becomes still.
She is surprised then anxious as she fears the deal may be off when there are flaw so few keys to go.
She looks over at the house suddenly aware that the piano playing has stopped again.
She stops.
BAINES' face crumples with the exquisite pain of his pleasure, ADA cradles his head to her chest.
BAINES struggles through her dress anxious to touch her skin.
There are sounds inside which are worrying him.
ADA is distracted, collecting her buttons from the floor, concerned at the time past, worried to dress and return.
Her movement and moans increase until she wakes suddenly sitting bolt upright.
His eyes well with tears and he looks up into her face like a child after a bad dream, fearful and trusting.
ADA sees where they are headed and suddenly she is very scared.
ADA blinks rigid with fear.
Her face is ashen, her eyes fearful as she walks unseeingly straight into a large tree stump.
STEWART wraps the finger in a white handkerchief and gives it to FLORA who backs away from him terrified.
A soft rain begins to fall.
It is raining hard as he rides out, hatless, shoeless and gunless, but clutching to his chest ADA's engraved key.
BAINES kneels in front of her shaking her.
BAINES stops shaking her, she scrambles away and out the door.
She looks back at him worried.
Suddenly be looks off in to the far distance.
Over her head she has a dark cloth, her voice makes low guttural sounds as it repeats the vowels.
(Is it a ghost.)
WITH REVISION #5  (Goldenrod.)
November 4, 1987            November 23, 1987 WITH REVISION #4  (Yellow.)
We ARE LOOKING east past Inglewood INTO the orange grid of L.A. at night when suddenly we TILT UP TO CATCH the huge belly of a landing 747 -- the noise is deafening.
Suddenly, he hears -- McClane turns, looks at the Babbit clone next to him.
Caught, he tenses, holds his armrests in exaggerated fear.
McClane tries to get comfortable, scowls as a RUSTLING NOISE reveals wrappers and styrofoam from Taco Bell.
As he approaches the 30th floor we hear a tremendous THUMPING, THROBBING NOISE.
As the doors open the noise ATTACKS us.
Suddenly the other man pulls out a Walther pistol with a silencer and aims it at the Guard's forehead.
The killer moves behind the desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard.
As they grow closer, we hear the noise of the speakers growing louder and louder.
Two terrorists, FRANCE and FRITZ, armed with M-5 machine guns searching the offices on the hall one by one.
The other terrorist, Franco, goes to Ellis' office and opens the door.
He's clearly scared but trying to fake courage.
CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Holly, concerned.
Suddenly he looks up at the ceiling and sees a sprinkler head.
Tony heads toward the noise.
McClane suddenly PISTOL WHIPS Tony across the head.
Tony REELS, then swallows, worried for the first time.
The Dispatcher looks critically at the Supervisor in the sudden silence.
Suddenly McClane turns a corner and sees Karl.
He turns out his lighter, and starts crawling.
The three terrorists rush down from the roof in hot pursuit, Karl leading the way through the door.
Suddenly the duct McClane is in GROANS slightly under his weight.
A lone police black-and-white pulls out of the shadows of a side street and begins a slow cruise toward the Nakatomi building.
Suddenly a tall terrorist, James, moves along the wall and looks over at Powell's car.
Suddenly Marco's body CRASHES onto the hood of his car.
Suddenly a barrage of MACHINE GUN FIRE from Alexander on the third floor drowns out his call!
A trailer is being backed into a parking lot, which will become the police center of operations.
What the hell?
An unmarked police car pulls up across the street from Nakatomi building and a MAN in a sportcoat climbs out.
He savors the dregs of his current number, then suddenly becomes aware of an almost EERIE QUIET.
Shadows move on trailer walls.
Suddenly rifle fire sounds from the building.
More shots ring out from the building going over the SWAT officers' heads and suddenly the huge dome of one of the spotlights shatters behind Mitchell and Robinson's head.
The two SWAT officers cutting the garage ate suddenly look up as their cover starts to disappear.
They look on in horror as the armored car sits helplessly on fire.
The hostages are shaken and the terrorists guarding them aren't too sure of themselves either.
Holly worries.
He suddenly REACTS to a GROAN from McClane.
Hands shaking, eyes filled with fear, he swallows, looks up at McClane and in a perfect American accent says: Hans' eyes dart towards: Where a tiny piece of his gun sticks out, barely visible.
The poor frightened civilian shows a hint of a smile.
Hans is still a "nervous wreck."
Hans nods, still "frightened".
As Thornburg GRINS we GO TO: Eddie and Uli are guarding the hostages.
The FBI guys look at the dark building, than at the LAPD guys.
Suddenly a GUN BARREL is pressed against his head.
Uli herds the hostages up onto the roof, pushing the last few out.
They float toward us, hugging the street, their prop wash shaking the trees.
The overtaxed metal SNAPS, links flying: Hans' face registers his horror as he and most of the watch suddenly drop.
Smoke drifts up from what has suddenly become the top floor.
As the crowd panics trying to escape, Karl locks eyes with McClane and levels his gun.
Suddenly McClane and Holly squint as LIGHTS pan onto them.
This causes a few nervous glances in the room.
The basic outfitting is masculine enough, but the room is full of feminine little accents; flowers in vases, porcelain desk accessories etc. Donovan is slightly overwhelmed.
Suddenly, there's a voice at the door.
Sprawled across him asleep is a MEXICAN WOMAN in her late twenties.
Vaughn shakes it and nods.
On Hayes' look, we...  It's dark.
Everyone's asleep.
Suddenly Hayes, in his pajamas and bare feet comes streaking toward the starting line in hot pursuit.
He plays them off to his left side a bit, almost as if he's afraid to get bit by them.
Vaughn's hand freezes on his locker latch, afraid to open it now.
taking a hard ground ball off the chest.
Even at this size we can tell it scares the hell out of him, but it works its magic.
Suddenly, his reverie is interrupted by the sound of applause.
Suddenly the silence is shattered by a loud explosive SOUND, scaring the hell out of everybody.
It's outside.
He goes up the stairs and knocks on the door.
He shakes anyway.
He's worried.
Vaughn shakes his head no.
He emerges onto the box level to see Lynn disappearing down the ramp toward the parking lot. in the parking lot.
Both are winded.
blowing fast balls by hitter.
He's hurting.
hitting a prodigious home run onto the roof.
Most of the other players are asleep after a late night of partying.
The two shake hands.
We take CUTS of worried faces on the bench.
Vaughn nods, but we can tell he's too nervous to have digested any of that.
Vaughn watches him come with fear and trepidation.
Vaughn shakes it off.
Vaughn shakes it off.
The first baseman looks up to see something that strikes fear into his heart across the field.
Atop him...  she straddles his chest... her breasts in his face.
She arches her back...  her hips grind... her breasts are high...  Her back arches back... back...  her head tilts back... she extends her arms...  the right arm comes down suddenly...  the steel flashes...  his throat is white...
It is more a mansion than a house.
And she is suddenly out of the bedroom.
They watch her.
He watches her.
A beat.
They watch him.
MARTIN NILSEN  is suddenly there.
Beth Gardner, the police psychologist, is suddenly there.
A beat.
He sits in an unmarked police car on a hillside above the house, watching.
She suddenly starts speeding up on this dangerous road, cutting in and out, passing cars very fast.
He watches.
Blackness.
He stops.
He pulls up to the house, gets out of his unmarked police car.
The door suddenly opens.
He watches her.
He watches her.
He storms into the big room.
He hangs it up.
They watch him.
She stops.
He watches her.
She turns suddenly.
He watches her.
It is large, dark, shadowy It was once the sacristy.
He watches.
Atop him...  she leans close over his face, her tongue in his mouth... kneeling over him...  she moves his arms above his head... moves higher atop him...  her breasts in his face... she reaches over to the side...  a white silk scarf is in her hand... she moves higher above him...  kneeling over his face... moving oh-so-slightly...  his face strains towards her.
And he is inside her...  her arms above him... his eyes open...  she kisses his neck... bites but not hard...   moves... grinding hard against him now.. she is on her knees...  head arches back.. her breasts high.. still grinding.
It is dark, quiet.
She startles him.
He lies on the bed in the dark, quiet room.
He wakes up.
He watches her.
He hurls himself across the Porsche's hood...  barely avoiding the car.
They shake hands with him.
Nick is driving down winding road to Stinson house.
He watches her.
She watches him.
The apartment is dark.
She is startled.
He starts going up the dark stairway.
Gus is suddenly there, onway to his car.
It stops.
It stops.
He spins suddenly, gun, in hand.
She is hit in the chest, goes down.
And she dies.
There are flecks of blood on it.
He starts to walk up the dark stairway, we see him walking up several flights of steps.
The apartment is dark.
Weir's eyes grow large with fear and then the anaesthesia hits.
Weir reaches out to touch her shoulder, then pulls his hand back, afraid.
He is drowning.
He presses against the glass of the tank, trying to force it open, panicked.
The crew surrounds him, concerned.
The cluster buckles under the stress.
The corridor ends at a pressure door.
She never saw the horror behind her.
The gravity wave surges forward, blowing out emergency lights as it comes, flotsam and jetsam swirling in its wake... Data floods Miller's workstation, flashing across the screen too fast for comprehension...
Miller tries to get his bearings in the dark.
The darkness of the Core ripples...  Justin suddenly emerges from the darkness, a white figure riding a wave of impenetrable blackness.
An emergency klaxon RINGS out: PRESSURE WARNING.
Beat.
Miller follows Weir's gaze to the wall: a Rorschach test in blood...  PULL BACK from the bridge windows TO REVEAL...
It glistens with blood.
Comatose.
She GASPS.
The Airlock light turns red -- a warning.
Suddenly, the lights fade out.
She speaks again, no longer far away, but a close WHISPER in his ear: Weir's eyes open wide in hope and fear.
The scalpel falls from his hands.
Beat.
He tries to shake her off, but she traps his arm in a wrist-lock.
Afraid to breathe.
Weir shakes the trance.
Peters' voice barely penetrates the pressure door: Justin turns off the artificial gravity.
A yellow warning light flashes.
A warning klaxon WHOOPS, deafening.
She is dead.
FIRES.
A web of cracks spreads out from the bullet, the glass SHRIEKING under the pressure.
And she will be dead.
Beat.
Miller attacks.
A dark sphere of energy spreads out from the containment as the gateway opens...
MOVE towards the ship until its shadow consumes all...  Starck awakens but the SCREAMS continue as the Event Horizon calls out to her... she SCREAMS...  hands on her body... the CRIES stop...  Starck looks around uncomprehending at the faces around her. Cooper pushes them aside.
O.S. we hear a faint rattling noise from somewhere in the house.
She quickly hangs up the phone before the silence can be broken by the voice she knows is waiting on the other end.
Jill is terrified.
She starts to shake.
Although his face is hidden in shadows, we can see from his hands that he is engaged in writing something down.
Clifford stands and they shake hands.
It looks like a nervous facial movement.
Garber stops suddenly, stunned.
A car pulls into the parking lot behind the station.
Across the street in a dark space between two buildings, Duncan is waiting, watching the front door of the bar to see who comes out.
She is starting to come apart, and she suddenly leans on Clifford for support.
Tracy looks at him for a breathless moment, her eyes wild with fear.
Then she screams.
He is frightened, but he feels safe for now.
We can't tell what he is thinking, except that he's obviously deeply frightened and cannot understand what's happening to him.
The "chit-chit" noises grow steadily louder as the boy's apprehension turns to fear, then to terror.
Suddenly, we cut back to a WIDE SHOT of the room.
Then, just as suddenly, the boy starts wailing again and he runs off down the alleyway.
He's sleeping, but his eyes suddenly open, sensing danger.
He is but six or seven bodies away when Duncan jumps up suddenly and bolts for the door.
Duncan flees through a narrow door off to the side of the church.
Duncan is hidden deep in the shadows of a nook between two buildings, catching his breath.
They shake warmly.
A wall phone in the kitchen starts to ring.
John stops suddenly.
She is shaking and sobbing uncontrollably.
The children are in bed, asleep.
June closes her eyes and immediately falls back to sleep.
She is shocked.
John is fast asleep next to her, on his side facing away from her.
Suddenly, the lights go out.
He closes his eyes and is asleep.
John is still asleep facing the wall.
Her eyes still riveted to the door, Jill grabs her husband's shoulder and shakes him, her voice cracking with fear.
Duncan, the hideous and terrifying sound of his madness grumbling out of his throat, manages to grab the back of her nightgown.
Duncan is on her in a flash, clutching at her and moving his hands for her throat.
He is dead.
Pete, covering his worry well, drives onto the lot.
Nearly out of breath and panicking, Pete shucks off the jacket and heads for the surface.
Everything shakes.
There's a noise offscreen, and Lardner looks up.
He starts kissing her neck, and she suddenly realizes -- she's stopped hiccuping.
Halfway down, she stops suddenly and stares at Luke.
Adele's staring at Luke, Lardner's staring at Luke, and Luke's getting nervous.
Caesar and Coca are involved in an intricate bit of business, and Lardner wants to laugh, but he's afraid to.
The rickety old upright is tinny-sounding and slightly out- of-tune.
Suddenly...  LUKE'S A GHOST!!
He raises his arms and plays the bogeyman for the kids, who scream in mock terror and scatter, as Harry and Adele laugh.
Luke tenses...  the building starts shaking... and the train passes by behind the theater.
"B-I-J-O-U" is proudly emblazoned across his chest in gold brocaded letters.
His eyes lock upon Suddenly, all of Pete Appleton's worries have come crashing down on him...  ... because he remembers...
Luke, gripped by a sudden fear, rushes up the aisle and into the lobby.
Doc Lardner has a stethoscope to his chest.
Now, there's nothing in the least bit threatening about the gathering -- and that's what's so disturbing about it.
Shock.
Beat.
Rory's getting worried.
Adele breathes a sigh of relief.
He stops suddenly.
Pete's terrified, but in control.
Silence in the room.
We BOOM UP TO THE TOP OF THE THEATER, and the "BIJOU" sign...  ... as the train RUMBLES BY behind the theater...  ... and the "J" teeters loose and swings by a thread...  ... and we IRIS DOWN ON IT AND.... Above Midtown section of the city.
Suddenly, we tip downward, go to the narrow space between shade and sill, peep into the room.
Lowery is a pleasant, worried-faced man, big and a trifle pompous.
Mary watches the entire exchange with a look of stony horror on her face.
Mary looks worried about having to make this stop, keeps her face turned away from the shack, not wishing it to be seen.
She is disturbed and angry and frightened at her inability to act normally under the pressure of guilt.
She suddenly turns off the highway.
She stares at the papers, turns away, as if what she is fearing would have to be impossible, then, having to satisfy herself, goes to the stand, drops a dime in the iron slot, picks up a LOS ANGELES newspaper, starts back into the car lot as she glances worried at the front page.
She looks at him, in near panic, wanting to skip the whole thing.
All these panic-fears rush her mind and she can do nothing.
He pauses a moment, then drives across the lot, passing the office, going on to the other exit, stops there as Mary's car is driven back onto the lot.
CAMERA IS CLOSE on Mary's face now, recording her anxiety, her fears.
The oncoming headlights blurt at her. Suddenly we HEAR Lowery's voice, loud now and frightened, as if the anxiety in the man's voice was strong enough to break through Mary's effort to keep her mind silent and her imagination blank.
She is becoming aware of the rain starting.
She presses down, forces the car to move on through the flooded road.
A look of pure horror erupts in her face.
A low terrible groan begins to rise up out of her throat.
The CAMERA now moves away over to the window and looks up to the house, and as it gets there we HEAR, coming from within the house, the SOUND of Norman's fearful, shocked voice.
He dashes into an extreme close up and we see the terror and fear ripe in his face.
He works carefully, with his arms extended away from his body, slowly pulls the dead body out of the tub, drags it across the tile floor and onto the spread-out shower curtain in the bedroom.
Then he picks up the wrapped body, crosses to the door, uses his foot to pull the door open, and, leaving the door open behind him, goes quickly across the porch and gently lays the body in the trunk.
Suddenly there is the LOW, THROBBING SOUND of a motor.
Norman begins to panic, he steps dangerously close, pushes with his foot.
Lila studies him with a quiet, worried expression.
As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying him intently as she says: Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hostile expression on Lila's face.
She stops, the anxiety and fear building up in her, her eyes beginning to fill with worried tears.
Norman switches on the overhead light, starts for the linen closet, suddenly pauses, turns, studies Arbogast, who has remained standing by the door.
The house is dark within except, as we can now see, for a faint spill of light in the foyer, light which comes from the upstairs hall.
The knife slashes across his cheek and neck.
Blood spurts.
The sudden attack throws him off balance.
A wicked knife keeps thrusting itself into the foreground.
She turns and again looks to the deserted street with a touch of anxiety.
He is still.
We see Lila's desperate anxious look.
A dark, quiet, tree-ceilinged street, the small neat houses dim in the moonlight.
Suddenly he rises, starts quickly out of the room, tries to switch off the lamp as he goes and in so doing succeeds only in knocking the bird off the shade.
Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts toward the church.
As the truck drives off, For a moment, both are silent; Sam watching the road as if there were other cars on it, Lila staring at nothing in particular, except perhaps her own inner fear.
He has pulled the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down at the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who is standing by the truck and looking up at the house.
We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of panic and his struggle to contain it.
The CAMERA approaching the house.
She goes to it, knocks lightly.
He is close to panic now.
Something self-assured and confident in Sam's tone gives Norman a new, more terrified alarm.
He looks back at Sam and there is terror in his voice.
For a moment Lila panics, then she hurries down the steps, cannot go in the direction of the front door, remembers the stairway behind her, turns and runs in that direction.
His footsteps on the stairs followed by the fast noises of doors opening, of fast moving about an upstairs room.
Lila calls a harsh, frightened whisper.
Lila looks at it in horror.
The terrified, fight-to-the-death look of Sam.
The scene has a bright glare about it, that quality of sudden light thrown on a fearful darkness.
The Police Guard, carrying the blanket, comes down this corridor, goes to the door.
The Police Guard has placed the blanket on Norman's knees.
Suddenly, A GIANT YELLOW FROG jumps onto the keyboard, fritzing the monitor.
are in possession.
He carries a terrible battle scar oon his face.
are stunned.
Now Zim attacks.
Zim sweeps Shujumi's legs, puts a knee in the little man's throat.
Zim yanks the knife out of the post.
The two late cadets are terrified.
The recruits stare in horror.
They start to caress again when suddenly ALARMS sound.
Dizzy is suddenly standing next to him.
Around the room there's singing and dancing, a mad sort of revelry bred of fear and excitement, but nearby a VETERAN drinks alone.
Each has a similiar scar: Lightning bolts on a shield and the words:	DEATH FROM ABOVE. of every class maneuver in tight orbit around the orange planet.
Johnny touches down, stares in horror as Kitten Smith's head rolls past his fee.
stare at the BATTLE-SCARED STARSHIPS and BURNT-OUT HULKS that line the docks of Ticonderoga.
Johnny's wounds are now mostly scars except for his leg where delicate robotic arms culture layers of new tissue.
There are scars, power prosthetics, and one, big SUGAR WATKINS, 26, wears a bug claw on a chain around his neck.
Horrified, knee-deep Roughnecks set them afire.
It' dead, too.
Suddenly, the ground collapses under Rasczak.
holds Dizzy in his arms, drenched in her blood, fighting G-forces as the boats heads for orbit.
Carmen touches the scar over her eye.
Suddenly, everyone has someplace to go.
She's right out of Tereshkova, and she looks scared.
PANICKED CREW shoving, screaming, fighting.
The warriors holding Carmen threaten.
Kay and Dee move past him and approach the row of nervous immigrants.
From behind Mikey, they hear a terrified GASP.
Janus freezes, terrified.
He jabs a finger into Janus' chest.
The Perp, now straddled by Edwards, is terrified.
The Perp SCREAMS inhumanly and panics.
At the sound of Kay's voice, Jeebs suddenly pales, a look of fear coming over his face.
Jeebs, panicked, hits a button on the underside of the counter, which promptly flips over, revealing yet another dusty shelf, piled high with junk -- -- but this is all alien junk.
Kay raises the weapon again, threatening.
Edgar staggers back a step, terrified.
BEATRICE sits at the kitchen table, terrified, still wiping away tears from Edgar's diatribe.
She looks up at him, anxious.
Frightened, she takes a glass of water from the table.
Stillness.
The morning light spills on an abundance of spiders, crawling everywhere -- big ones, small ones, hundreds of them have moved in and taken over this dusty place.
LETHAL GAS starts to HISS from the end of the hose.
For the first time since we've seen him, Kay is nervous.
Redgick gets out of the car, worried.
He heads into Leshko's, a Russian diner.
Rosenberg and the Arquillian freeze, paralyzed with fear.
ROSENBERG'S CAT, still on his chest, MEOWS curiously as the stretcher approaches two doors with "City Morgue" written across them.
In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her head in her arms.
Suddenly, the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently.
sinking her hands into the body as she moves things aside.
Inside the van, the ornate rosewood box is now battered and scarred, its various locks holding tight against EDGAR's repeated attempts to claw his way into it.
SMASH!
In the morgue, LAUREL is working at a desk when suddenly ROSENBERG'S CAT leaps up onto it from nowhere, the way cats do, landing right in the middle of the file she's studying.
Suddenly, quick as a gunfighter, Tony SNAPS the fly swatter down on a BUZZING FLY.
He's dead, a frozen look of terror on his face and the can of Raid still clutched in his hand.
ORION the cat suddenly attacks, leaping off the top of the cabinet and landing on Edgar, HISSING and scratching and clawing for all she's worth.
Standoff.
He's running from cab to cab, pounding on windows, scaring the living shit out of people -- -- but Laurel and Edgar are nowhere to be found.
Jay, terrified, holds on for dear life.
JAY looks on, in stunned horror...  AS THE BUG TURNS TO JAY AND STRETCHES TO ITS FULL HEIGHT and lets loose a Laurel is still watching.
ON THE BUG.
He winces.
STANLEY looks down at his LAP in horror.
He chuckles...  Suddenly his view of the street DISAPPEARS.
He jumps back inside, waits, opens the door again...  His eyes widen in horror as he steps out to survey the scene.
She's overcome with emotion.
She hears a sudden GASP from the kitchen.
STU is suddenly aware of something LONG, RED, and WET unrolling onto his shoulder.
STU is giving chase when - suddenly - a DOOR blows open in the chill night wind.
STU backs away involuntarily, with a mounting sense of dread... and MONKEYBONE jumps into his arms, clinging to him fearfully.
MONKEYBONE scurries alongside, terrified.
MONKEYBONE cowers in fear as the REAPER gets up, shaking a fist at them.
The REAPER, scared shitless, jumps back on his bike and PEDALS OFF as the ball whizzes past.
Her hand goes to her mouth in horror and grief.
The ORB is where nightmares happen.
The DARKTOWNERS are rubbing their hands together in anticipation of horrors to come.
STU looks from one misshapen face to the next, his heart pounding with dread.
And the BACKGROUND behind her MORPHS suddenly into...
It's obvious that the nightmares they're watching are more than mere entertainment - they get some kind of addictive, visceral charge from the spectacle of human terror.
STU breaks free and FLINGS HIMSELF on the ORB - which SHORTS OUT in a haze of smoke and sparks, abruptly ending the nightmare.
The group exchanges nervous glances: it's risky.
Panic time!
MONKEYBONE covers both eyes and wails in fear.
It's STU'S PAINTING - the one ALICE found in the closet, the wolf-surgeon canvas from his scary period - - and as the bicycle SLAMS INTO IT, it begins to TOPPLE OVER - PINNING STU against the ground underneath!
Terrified, she rolls out of the way.
The house is crawling with PRESS.
He can't move anything except his EYES; he looks right, left, up, down...  ...and suddenly he sees HYPNOS winking into view directly in front of him!
STU-BONE sits up suddenly in bed.
A LIGHT goes on suddenly in the outside hallway!
A purple cloud of NIGHTMARE GAS hits BUSTER in the face.
Disheveled but triumphant, STU-BONE stands up, pounds his chest with both fists, and lets out a Tarzanian ROAR.
The Dark Town audience is scratching its collective head at Buster's dream, which is showing in one of HYP'S NIGHTMARE ORBS.
He finds KITTY hunched in the corner on all fours, surrounded by blood and tufts of fur and an abandoned GUARD'S HAT.
They hear FOOD raining down behind them.
The nightmare drug is kicking in!
He's PSYCHOTIC: The three women exchange looks of stupefied HORROR.
Suddenly he notices the COPS marching up with JULIE, O.D. STU and co. in tow.
He freezes, terrified - BACKS AWAY from the BABE - - and catches a BAT IN THE FACE.
He manages to grab ONE END of the liver - but a TIGER gets the other end - - and it's a TUG-OF-WAR until the tiger BITES the liver in half, sending the terrified SURGEON sprawling on the pavement outside the bars!
When the punchbowl strikes, he GOES DOWN HARD, PITCHING the ice chest...  ... at a pair of COPS who are over by the pinata, loading CONFISCATED MONKEYBONE DOLLS into a SHOPPING CART.
The ICE CHEST knocks them off their feet - and sends the SHOPPING CART rolling downhill!
JULIE et al SCREAM IN HORROR as the two bodies plunge earthward.
... and falling and falling until they SMACK INTO the hot asphalt of the parking lot, the deflated balloon settling over them like a shroud.
A BUNCH OF FRIGHTENED DARKTOWNERS pitch the quivering satyr out into the middle of the town square.
Suddenly, the light within goes out.
Camera arcs quickly around from over his shoulder to hold on door behind him, missing his face as he rises and turns to confront Miss Anderson, who has come into the room to shoo him out.
He shakes him.
Leland's head is seen to turn slightly as he looks into Kane's face - camera very close on this - Kane turns to him and we know their eyes have met, although their faces are almost in sillhouette.
As camera pulls back over shoulder of official, taking in Kane, Leland, and Bernstein, we see the bustle and noise of departing ocean liner.
More staff members in shirt sleeves in a state of panic.
A little blood flows.
He stops.
Kane is perplexed and worried, but we can see in a moment his mind will be on something else.
He stops himself.
The curtain starts to rise - the camera with it - the blinding glare of the foots moves up Susan's body and hits her face.
The street is wet - after a recent rain.
He bites his lip and rubs his knee again.
It's in moderate disorder.
Kane, with soaped hands, has rubbed his face and now cannot open his eyes, for fear of getting soap in them.
We see the same tableau as before - the terrified and trembling Susan, the apprehensive principals, the maids and singing teachers, the stage hands.
Beyond her, we see the prompter's box, containing the anxious face of the prompter.
Suddenly he starts to applaud furiously.
Susan, in a nightgown, is in bed, asleep.
The housekeeper, Mrs. Tinsdall, and a couple of maids are near the door but are too afraid to be in front of it.
Kane gives the glass ball a gentle shake and starts another snowstorm.
Kane shakes the ball again.
Something's wrong, then: the woman's body in an unnatural position, more thrown than laid across the bed.
Haunted eyes.
The third man - not much more than a KID, visibly frightened - backs towards the door.
The Kid freezes, his frightened BREATHS almost enough to drown the sound out.
Urban armor, scarred by countless nights of service.
Trevor stands his ground, not flinching at Max's threat.
She speaks with a Russian accent - smiling, a little nervous.
Russian Mob.
Natasha continues to TALK, her Russian anxious as Mona's bodyguards push through the crowd.
Max fights his way down a dark hall, searching the shadowed faces he passes.
As Max strains to see detail in the dark room, a face materializes in the haze: cheeks laced with tattoos, eyes twinkling flames sunk in deep shadow.
Natasha walks down a dark, desolate block, the sound of her HEELS echoing off of the crumbling buildings around her. Her eyes are still wild, her stride quick and aggressive.
The sound of much larger BEATING WINGS fills the alley...  Eyes wide with terror, Natasha searches for something in the shapes cast by the moths, dread deepening as she finds it: Natasha CRIES OUT, stumbling back.
She suddenly stops running...
Blood drips down the walls, shadows teem with movement...
The double doors fly open onto a massive office - dark wood panelling, a wall of windows glowing white from the snow.
BB stands beside him, anxious.
Unseen by Max, something moves in the shadows behind him...  long black shadows billow from the Figure's shoulders... Max backs away from the corner, deeper into the dark alley where three SHAPES are surging forward to meet him...  Max dodges, but his pistol's KNOCKED to the pavement.
He doesn't seem to hear - sweat streams down his terrified face, snowflakes frosting the perspiration on his chest.
Owen's eyes are instead drawn through the open windows...  Oblivious to the shapes outside, Max and Mona watch Owen's terror intensify, his dervish dance growing more frantic... Outside every window, BLACK SHAPES float closer in the air above the street - vaguely human, long wings POUNDING...  ...sending gusts of wind ripping through the windows, kicking up snow and ice.
Max runs his thumbnail into the gap, spreading glue CRACKLING - he flinches, almost afraid to cause the book pain.
He stops.
Blood spatters his gaunt face, but those eyes never change...  Straining, he moves the knife's tip closer to Max's belly... Max jams the barrel under the Junkie's leering jaw and PULLS THE TRIGGER.
The cop's eyes are wide with panic.
Peeking through the snow at Max's feet, an extension cord snakes under the shivering cop's legs and down the corridor.
Before he can fire again, Max pounces on the cop, driving a knee into his chest and wrenching the pistol away.
Jason Colvin approaches the desk, nervously watching the shadowed figure of Nicole Horne read through a document.
With dread, he reads a note below the drawing: The hypnotic motion of the train begins to change, the rhythm of the RAILS faltering a little.
The train rapidly loses speed...  life as the passengers' eyes adjust to the dark car... snow, covering the embankments along the railroad tracks and the broken-down houses in the distance.
Colvin looks up, Max's words suddenly scarier than the gun.
Colvin's eyes show real terror.
Colvin begins to struggle harder than ever, but his fear isn't directed at the man with the gun standing over him.
The Guards.
CRACK!
The Guards chase after Max, slowed by the panicking crowd... Exhausted, Bravura plods up steps to a landing.
Suddenly, AUTOMATIC WEAPONS erupt nearby.
Suddenly, the metal door flies open, BANGING at the stop.
Lupino drives his knee into Max's chest.
The sudden shift in momentum pitches Lupino back.
In that instant, Max pulls the knife from his own shoulder and buries it to the hilt in Lupino's stomach.
Max clamps his hand over Lupino's throat, using his grip to force the knife deeper.
Lupino looks down at the knife in his stomach.
A stranger.
Intermittently, the lights go dark, the power faltering.
Desperation, panic move his limbs, but for nothing.
He kneels down over Max, whose body keeps shaking.
Max pushes their hands away, his strength suddenly regained.
The Ranking Officer and the Agent shake hands.
The big man scowls, nervous.
By Salle's face, that's a thought scarier than Max.
The giant glass-walled penthouse office of the Aesir building sits above the storm clouds.
They hesitate, form ranks...  ...and the frightened Guards charge into the great room.
Suddenly, bullets RIP through the Guards from behind.
Awaiting the next horror, Max is shocked by something else: White light splits open the smoke, cutting the black in two.
Suddenly, BOOT STEPS ring up the hallway behind Mona.
A shower of bullets strikes the doors as he steps outside.
BB watches Max's preparations, terror growing.
Unable to resist his panic, BB abruptly tries on a helpless smile.
A stiff wind buffets against his chest, forcing his unsteady legs to sway a little.
The people stop in their tracks and look up in the sky in terror.
There is cold, frozen fear in their eyes.
He is held terror-stricken.
As he stares at the ship with fascination and horror.
His mouth twitches and he emits a nervous little laugh.
OUR CAMERA MOVES IN to MED.
SHOT.
They are clearly frightened of what he may do.
None of the men has been harmed, but their faces show the utter terror of what they have experienced.
Sudden pandemonium breaks out.
Utterly terrified by what they have witnessed, the crowd becomes a wild, milling, screaming mob, concerned only with escape.
Standing by the debris of his tank, the man is immobilized with terror.
They are uncertain as to what they should do.
The door to the corridor opens and a worried young Captain enters.
Terrified, the M.P. turns to the nurse, who is standing in the doorway.
Their faces reveal their awestruck terror.
7. A terrified mother drags her two children in from the street through the front door, slams the door and bolts it.
She is fond of him, and she can't help being curious and concerned about his brush with the police.
He appears impatient, anxious to get going.
As he watches, a Jeep filled with armed soldiers -- apparently regular patrol -- drives up to the entrance of the building.
Suddenly he sees Klaatu again.
Suddenly, inside the building behind them, the giant figure of Gort looms silently in the doorway.
As he watches Klaatu enter the building, his curiosity conquers his fear and he starts tremblingly toward the structure.
as Bobby approaches the door, fearful but fascinated.
Suddenly a wave of sheer terror sweeps over him.
Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by an appeal to logic.
She is nervous and uneasy but obviously can't refuse.
Nervous and distracted, Helen doesn't want to get caught up in this jam.
Helen is terrified.
People carne pouring up the stairs wildly, feverishly anxious to escape the darkness below.
The other is seated at his wheel, looking around in awe and terror, his tough Manhattan heart shaken.
Staring bug-eyed at the strange street scene, the woman mutters some terror-stricken comment in Russian.
Suddenly and without warning, the elevator starts moving and the lights go on.
The look of concern on Klaatu's face heightens Helen's overwhelming fear and uncertainty.
Helen turns and starts determinedly for the lobby door, followed by Klaatu, as we-- Helen is nervous and worried as she speaks into the phone.
It is 6:00 P.M. and growing dark outside, but the lights are not on.
The secretary is getting out a telephone directory when the corridor door opens and Helen enters, tense and nervous.
Suddenly he has revealed himself, naked and distasteful.
Nervous and edgy, Helen glances at her watch impatiently.
A jeep filled with armed soldiers is moving down the street at a fast clip.
The trucks are filled with armed soldiers.
On this street also an armed convoy is racing by, headed by a Jeep mounting a .30
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
A C. and R. car is parked in the side street, facing the intersection, its occupants armed and helmeted.
shooting through the window at Helen and Klaatu, who are growing more tense and nervous.
And she disappears.
As he stops and looks up at the robot, his eyes go wide with terror.
Hurrying along a footpath, nervous and distraught, she pauses for a moment, looking at the entrance of the building.
as she stops advancing, rooted to the spot in fear.
Her eyes go wide with terror as she realizes she's trapped.
Too terrified to move, Helen watches as he busies himself with the apparatus.
Unable to guess the reason for these preparations, she is gripped with a terrible fear.
Helen rushes to the door and searches frantically for the knob -- only to find, to her terror, that there is none.
A squad of armed soldiers, led by the lieutenant, is admitted to the corridor by a Police guard and they start marching down the corridor toward a cell at the far end.
Alone in the cabin, Helen is still terrified.
shooting from the outside, near the front entrance to the building, through a window into the main room where the Police Sergeant's desk is.
From a socket in the wall he pulls a strange-looking hypodermic needle on the end of a cord or tube and gives Klaatu a shot in the arm.
Then, as they watch, there is a sudden gasp of terror.
The normal blinking of his piercing eyes as he gazes imperturbably at the audience is his only movement. of four delegates, reflecting their stark terror and bewilderment.
Something bad is happening in this house...  It's a Sikorski skimming across the water of Biscayne Bay on a moonlit night at living-room level past stilt houses.
Approaching is "Miss Ukraine."
They watch.
Two Russian slickster types.
Our two "Russians" approach from their Cadillac with a backup Cadillac and one driver on the other side.
As the two "Russians" get into theirs, Aryan Brother #1 turns from the running board of the Escalade with his driver's door open.
For the Russians in the car, time freezes.
JEAN-LOUIS BASTIDE, a Haitian in dark sweats.
approach the two deep V-hull go-fast boats with three engines off the back.
They're cautious.
approach their door.
One of her Russians is.
They defer to the Russian-speaking security.
Russians are ex-KGB.
Languages overheard:  smatterings of Russian, Hebrew and English.
Dark shadows.
He wakes up.
Light and situation flood in.
In his trousers, Crockett drapes an arm across her shoulders and they stand in the air.
It's violent.
He watches them, too.
a leather sap arcs through the air and descends onto her left shoulder, paralyzing her arm.
A blindfold goes over her eyes.
A tall wall of planting hides the $150,000 house from the road.
As they head down from the bridge... we see... lines run from the freighter to two go-fast boats.
The Old Woman in house dress is SCREAMING...   Her retarded Son sees Tubbs/Gina as a threat to his mother...grabs butcher knife... rushes forward during... FROZEN.
And, that fast, Tubbs' gun is back on target.
hears.
And they attack Crockett and Zito, who are outgunned.
She's dead.
Suddenly, the door opens.
in stencilled body armor storm in through doors and windows.
The boat's gone.
We see CNN footage of some Iraqi soldiers - looking very tired, hungry and scared - surrendering to a CNN news crew.
War?
What war?
Looking back at the Iraqis, in a voice dead with fear: Epps and Jaeger look behind them.
All Wes can do is cover his head, and stay down like a scared little girl.
He's not hit, but it kicks him back down into the Humvee screaming with fear.
Wes is too scared to move.
A spastic, scared, relieved laugh escapes him.
This really scares Wes.
A nervous look punches it way onto Jaeger's face.
Jaeger just stands there, his fear swelling.
Epps storms over towards the Hummer leaving Jaeger to be all scared with himself.
Panic races up and down his spine.
Epps pulls a knife from his belt.
Epps waits a beat, afraid of what might happen, but there is no choice.
Jaeger stays down, afraid to get up.
Wind, but that's about it.
Yeah, what the hell is it?
Jaeger's worked up a real scare.
He puts his panic into overdrive.
The three share a nervous look.
Jaeger, scared painted all over his face, sinks to his knees and looks as if he's about to go into shock.
Both Epps and Jaeger recoil, Jaeger going nuts with fear.
What is to stop him?
He tries to keep the apprehension from his voice, but it creeps in anyway.
The first light of day barely begins to fight its way through the dark.
Underneath him, an IRAQI SOLDIER - who already looks very badly injured; bloody, cut, slightly burned - babbles back in high pitched and frightened Arabic.
Even now, frightened but more calmly, the soldier goes on.
Jaeger goes somewhere near panic.
The Iraqi, face flush with fear; eyes filled with terror like a hunted animal, makes it to the rock face and starts to climb to the plateau above.
Jaeger is paralyzed by indecision.
They collapse, chests heaving like pistons as they suck air.
Suddenly he goes back into a panic.
Jaeger asks again with growing anxiety.
Epps hurriedly stumbles in the dark for the shack.
Jaeger quickly shakes Epps awake.
Epps and Jaeger turn on him targeting with their assault weapons, but they do not fire.
They chatter amongst themselves, but our boys have no idea what they're talking about, and that just makes things all the scarier.
Wes gets real calm again, which is almost as scary as him acting nuts.
Wes grabs an assault weapon from a near by Shi'ite and mounts up with blood in his eyes.
They break for a trail that leads further up the mountain, but it does little to shake loose their pursuers.
Fear gives way to desperation.
She goes faster, faster...  Suddenly Epps pulls up hard on the reins.
The car doesn't slow, tearing across the stretch of road where Jaeger lay, but swerves to avoid him.
Epps and Jaeger are too anxious to have this all over to say much, and the driver is too scared.
Epps snakes his way through the burning hulks towards their car.
As they approach, the shadow appears to be a giant rusting bow, rising up from the water, disappearing in the darkness above them.
A doll's white face, eyes haunting and coldly blue, stares into the middle distance.
If this place is creepy in the daylight, it is terrifying now.
THE BOOMING SOUNDS AGAIN, closer, as suddenly stopping.
She stops.
He stops.
Everything suddenly stops.
His body is tense and his arms arch rigidly toward his chest.
His jaw is clenched and he expels harsh, guttural utterances, experiencing something between a night terror and a seizure.
The buoy approaches, rising and falling with the swell.
Greer lies asleep on the bed.
He approaches from the other end.
It stops.
A beat.
A beat.
It stops.
She stops.
As Epps approaches, Greer behind her.
She stops.
They stop over it.
She looks to Greer, when a single dark spot appears on Epps' cheek.
It is dark, though spacious.
He stumbles back, a gash laid into his face, as Epps sucks in air, gagging and coughing, her neck purple with finger marks.
He's dazed and has blood in his eyes.
And we see that she has unhinged her gill knife.
He sits in the sand hugging his legs to his chest, bobbing slightly as he speaks in his nonsensical language.
At the other end the light falls from the door at room 400.
The sitting room is dark as she holds there.
She stops.
She stops.
It stops.
As she approaches, she can see that the hatch is half open, swaying slightly with the movement of the ship.
Cutting him off.
Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly's window.
A GRISLY CAR CRASH from Nervous Norvus' TRANSFUSION album.
Kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding with a speeding flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs !
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking Freak!" Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
Kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the LOG TRUCK speed past.
Horrific.
She screams in horror and collapses against the SUV.
CRASH!
Kimberly cries in horror into Thomas' shoulder as her friends burn up in the wreckage.
CHAOS.
Eugene sees Nora and Tim are hooked and speaks in scary campfire tones.
BANG!
As the FIRE slowly spreads to nearby cereal boxes, Evan starts to panic.
By pushing the bottle up against the wall, it threatens to turn on one of the switches.
Evan, horrified, miraculously yanks his hand free, brushing against the knife in the toaster.
Safe and sound, he breathes a sigh of relief and turns to walk -- SUDDENLY he s lips on the very grease he threw out the window, his legs shoot out from under him and he lands on his back.
As Evan laughs, breathing a final sigh of relief, it suddenly PLUMMETS again -- impaling Evan through his eye socket!
Headlines blare, "Freak Accident?"
Adding to her anxiety.
The room is dark again.
She yanks the VCR cord from the wall and flicks on the lights, ridding the room of shadows.
A PHYSICIAN in a lab coat leads a nervous Kimberly down the center of a long corridor.
Her hair is patchy, her eyes dark and haunted.
Kimberly, shaken, does the math.
Reveal Nora taking her son Tim to a dentist's office.
Tim watches helplessly as Nora reaches down, tug ging at her sneaker, fear mounting.
Tim's eyes radiate fear.
Reluctantly.
BANG!
The three slowly edge towards a room at the end of a creepy hallway.
Kimberly and Thomas are scared.
The Mortician, recrossing the room, passes Kimberly and stoops down to sniff, no INHALE, a terrified Kimberly's essence.
Drowning.
Terror- stricken.
Jorge turns to soothe the frightened Young Woman in the bed.
The trap flies over and knocks into the base of the unstable Grabber - which tips and slowly slides down the wall.
Kimberly looks concerned.
The nervous group finishes safe-proofing the apartment.
Suddenly, STREETLIGHT FLICKERS ON for the evening.
Terror.
Nora panic,s as Eugene and the Man try to untangle her braid.
Kat gasps in horror to see this poor woman suspended above the floor.
He stares transfixed as Nora's head, still aghast in terror, rolls around the floor.
He approaches Thomas and lunges for his GUN - yanking it from the holster!
The others shrink back in terror.
In the corner, Eugene shivers to himself.
Desperately looking for signs of danger.
He rushes across the room, pulls a lever, unlocking the cell.
The moment is still surreal as Brian steps back, further away from the horrors he can't face.
As the tip of the needle presses the skin down -- The BEE lands on the Anesthesiologist's ear.
Suddenly, Kimberly clutches her throat!
Nearby, a RESPIRATOR plunges up and do wn, the RESPIRATOR TUBE snaking down Eugene's throat.
Thomas jumps in the backseat, buckles up...  Kimberly's eyes widen in fear.
As Eugene shudders with dread, the Orderly pushes a huge cart in front of him, again obscuring his view.
Eugene goes white with terror.
A RAT APPEARS behind Eugene's pillow, CRAWLS over his chest and disappears by his stomach!
The Obstetrician's hands go to work.
Drowning.
Horrible.
Kimberly panics as the ambulance fills with water and she takes a final gasp of air -- Thomas stares in horror at the percolating air bubbles as the vehicle descends below the surface -- and he dives in! Thomas swims into the dark, murky water.
Shakes his head, nothing.
Outside, a parting of dark clouds causes a shaft of sunlight to flood into the hospital.
Mr. Gibbons hands it over and Brian saunters away from camera, SLIGHTLY OUT OF FOCUS, toward the barbecue, his body framed between Kimberly and Thomas' heads.
And off they tear...
Memphis is horrified.
A cuffed Donny Astricky is dragged to a waiting cruiser ... A POLICE CAR pulls up ...
He winds up ...
A KID behind the wheel, a BLONDE beside him... Kip eyeballs them...  Engines are revved... Challenges are implied...  Mirror Man panics ...
Memphis senses danger.
He sinks another ball.
He groks their fear...  Kip looks at him... ANGLE THE FRONT DOOR.
And LIFTS IT INTO THE AIR ...  Kip, terrified, inside ... And, as the crane dangles the Trans Am toward the black waters of the harbor, we CUT TO: Memphis is at the kitchen table.
From outside.
A MAN HOWLS IN TERROR...
Because that's what he was afraid of.
But a BANG!
And his nose is a gnarled blob of scar tissue ...  Which is why they call him And the others really don't dig his scene ... The Sphinx nods to all.
They drive in silence.
And listens...  Her face clenched with worry ... Mirror Man works the thick steel door ...  He's got a sledge and center punch...
And in they go -- Dark as pitch.
To see Sway, overcome with emotion.
It reads "SNAKE"...
The Sphinx is outrunning what is now a half-dozen CRUISERS ...  is freaking out ... The snake wrapped all around him...
But then - BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Bullets rip into Donny Astricky in terrifying SLOW-MOTION.
He turns ...  To see another KID ... Scared...
Going off the road.
He flies through them...
And there's a strange SILENCE...
And we fear he aims to smash the site, maybe further injure the accident victims - Not our Memphis ...  He's heading straight for parked ass-end toward Long Beach ... Ramp down ...  Memphis rockets Eleanor at the ramp truck's ramp... Straight on ...
With a last gasp, Memphis misdirects the awl so it STABS THE FLOOR SOCKET - a small CLAP OF VOLTAGE shaking through their bodies, as they sprawl akimbo ...  Both men are momentarily paralyzed as the electricity sorts itself out inside of them... Calitri is up; and he's found the gun ...
And they shake ...
His face is a con- fusion of fear and indecision.
In a moment of utter panic he lets go of his son, drops the Girl from his shoulder, and runs on alone.
It is fully dark now.
His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting            * whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion.
His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear.
The man clambers out of the boat and wades ashore again, carrying a large flint-bladed knife.
On the boat, Hector's family are tense with fear for his life.
Lucinnius' worries are Hector's also.
Lucinnius is nervous as he attempts to casually join his friends.
A figure enters the room, steps over the sleeping bodies on the floor and shakes him awake.
Straight-backed, hands on knees, alert, worried, he looks a bit like a sacri- ficial offering himself.
A couple of the godfather's foot soldiers.
A trickle of fear passes across Hector's face.
Lucinnius has worked himself into a dramatic state of distress, with drink and terror and self pity.
Hector speaks gently, like coaxing a frightened animal.
He stands    up, suddenly repulsed by what has happened.
Hector gently shakes her shoulder, trying not to wake the others.
Then he sees where the noise is coming from.
Hector, in another corner of the room, sleeping lightly, becomes aware of this.
The Priest is worried.
Then            * it changes.
He is frightened, and clings to the presence of Ronald.
In the room it is still semi-dark.
She sits up and straightens her clothing, suddenly anxious.
She crosses the room to a wooden chest under the window.
Snake-like it rides the waves, one half up, the other down.
* It is growing dark.
Fry's face floods with relief.
Fry lands on her ass, horrified.
Suddenly...  Another LOCKER BLOWS OPEN.
It scares him for a Fry flips up a new security-latch.
And dropping.
Out the fractured windscreen, we see a huge dark mass rise up into view.
Ears running blood.
Riding out the baton blows.
Darkness.
Dead.
The Chrislams fall to their knees.
Fry sees the huge smoldering scar in the ground behind the ship.
As Paris unlocks, Johns steadies himself, suddenly light-headed.
START on the cutting torch, abandoned in wreckage.
A beat.
Fry manages a weary smile -- but soon her eyes revisit the abandoned buildings.
The grave.
And SCREAMS.
Riddick gets a black satisfaction from his role as Boogeyman: If fear is the only kind of respect he can get, Riddick is going to grab some with both hands.
was faster than a lightning-strike.
Suddenly...  faces, human faces.
A shadow falls over Riddick.
Are they being stalked?
A dark supply room.
A NOISE from the supply room.
Just too scared to come out?
A mental shiver.
A beat.
We understand why when we see a CLOSEUP of her hands: They find a jagged purple scar beside his spine.
It threatens to blot out suns, sky, universe.
Horrified.
Suddenly the hatchings vanish.
A beat.
The world goes dark.
He goes for the main-door lever, ready to flee into the night.
Suddenly HEAVY BLOWS drive everyone back.
Blood wells up.
What stopped it?
It worries Fry.
Broken.
The blood flows.
A beat.
Gushing blood, Johns starts crawling pathetically with the light.
A beat.
He has no desire to see what horrors will surround them.
Stunned.
Blood falls anew.
But this blood has no hue.
Drenched in light, Riddick stands in the hatchway of the skiff, looking out into dark rain.
A beat.
Their nightmare is far from over.
Fry gives it another beat, eyes sweeping the dark rain.
Ed looks a little worried.
Nervous at Wilson handling his new gun purchase beside him.
He suddenly drops to one knee, in shadow where the fence meets the adjoining building.
Seconds later, one of the Meat Puppets comes stumbling out of the door, terrified.
Beat.
Beat.
Leaving Ed more nervous than ever.
Suddenly we hear the CHIRP of a cellular phone.
Reluctantly.
Wilson shakes it.
Exhilaration mixed with panic.
Gulps.
Suddenly out of nowhere -- (a side street.)
Strange, threatening characters.
Spots his two freaks.
Suddenly Uncle John speaks.
Beat.
Hangs up.
Suddenly, we hear a CAR ALARM.
Avery makes his way to the figure, which is on its stomach and writhing slightly.
A shot rings out and part of his neck disappears in a blossom of blood.
Fires at it.
Crouched down.
Fires at him.
Comes out after him, the knife still in his back.
Grimacing, pulls the knife out and discards it.
It's dark and the ground is treacherous.
Panting.
Both on the ground now.
He stops.
Shake hands.
stops.
To the left of entrance there is a drugstore, closed, dark except for a faint light in the back.
One elevator is open and its dome light falls across the dark lobby.
Across a small dark reception room a pair of frosted glass doors are lettered: PACIFIC ALL-RISK INSURANCE COMPANY - FOUNDED 1906 - MAIN OFFICE.
The twelfth floor is dark.
His eyes fall on the anklet again.
She stops.
THE CAMERA PANS UP the front of the building to the top floor windows, as a little rain starts to fall.
The kitchen is the usual apartment house kitchen, with stove, ice-box, sink, etc.
He stands there, looking down into the dark street.
The dark interior of the car has swallowed him up.
Over them is heard the noise of the train coming into the station and its lights are seen.
Dark except for a little light coming from inside the parlor car.
SUDDENLY A MAN'S VOICE speaks from behind him.
He walks a few feet without sound, then becomes aware of the silence.
There is a look of horror on his face now.
Neff stops in sudden alarm.
Suddenly his eye catches a glimpse of her through the crack of the partly opened door.
He takes a few steps down the walk, then suddenly hears somebody approaching.
Suddenly he stops his dictation with an instinctive feeling that he is not alone in the room.
Suddenly he stops, with a look of horror on his face.
Forrest stops suddenly as his brace gets stuck.
He looks over his shoulder in fear.
Suddenly Forrest is hit in the back with a rock.
The teammate runs over to Forrest and hands him the ball.
Bubba and Forrest shake hands.
ANOTHER DAY - The platoon shelters themselves as they walk through the wind and rain.
ANOTHER DAY - Forrest and other soldiers walk chest-deep through a river.
The rain splatters back up from the river, hitting the soldiers.
Forrest looks up as the sun suddenly appears.
Forrest's platoon is attacked.
A soldier is blown up by a rocket.
Forrest runs past the soldier.
Bubba's chest has been blown open.
Forrest looks up in fear.
A soldier reads the names from a pile of letters.
The soldier hands Forrest a large pile of letters.
She is pale with dark lines under her eyes.
Lt. Dan on the rigging, shouts and shakes his fist as he is pelted by wind and rain.
Jenny suddenly heaves a rock angrily at the house.
Forrest knees down next to her.
The house stands in the rain.
It collides with a car.
Forrest continues to stare at Forrest Jr. Forrest then looks frightened and starts to back away.
The wind blows fallen leaves across the ground.
Blindfold.
Blows rain down on her.
Alert.
She stops.
He stops her.
A sarin attack on plane into a nuclear power      Disneyland.
Jeff's old to fear all men in          her best friend.
She suddenly shakes.
Joe wakes to see his wife, lost in a nightmare.
At the door, they shake hands.
Tears.
-- SUDDENLY-- She turns.
Deep scars.
He's so nervous he can barely open his eyes.
Joe, still half-asleep, catches up.
He stops.
As the doctor finds the right key, she suddenly turns to see-- In the foreground some goth kids play with their ipods.
Pouring the stress out of her.
Fear in his eyes.
He seems very nervous.
A nervous history major stands.
Shrapnel.
The building shakes.
His expression grows darker and darker.
THUNDER.
One of the twins is asleep.
He watches.
We watch her.
FLASH - Valerie shaking hands with Mr.Tabir in his Kuala Lumpur mansion.
SUDDENLY -- She gets up and walks out.
She stops.
He hangs up.
When she opens them Sam is terrified.
She stops.
You have blood on your hands.
It stops.
He gets himself under control, but he's white and shaking.
He suddenly points.
A dark cloud comes over him.
Libby,      status casting a dark cloud 55, resigned and left the       over a White House already in White House.
She walks down the street past the gleaming government buildings.
Suddenly she is engulfed in flashes.
Then -- a dark, ominous shape intrudes in the f.g.
She wheels, terrified.
In a panic she turns and runs out, colliding suddenly with a MAN whom she (and we.) have not noticed until the moment of impact.
CAMERA suddenly moves as the 'drawer' is slid back into the wall.
Suddenly there is the noise of a DOOR OPENING.
As her head turns, in alarm, toward the noise.
As she watches him.
Then, suddenly, in rapid succession, he sneezes six times.
He takes a small bottle from his pocket, shakes a pill from it and swallows it dry.
Suddenly a hand falls on her shoulder.
I am anxious to discuss the matter of your late husband's death.
REGGIE stares at him, terrified.
Petrified with fear, REGGIE can only stare dumbly at the protruding claw.
From the GROUND.
He watches her.
He hangs up.
He winces.
REGGIE, not knowing what to do, and afraid she will be seen by DYLE, who is now looking her way, spins and sits at the sidewalk cafe's nearest table, her back to DYLE.
Suddenly she stops.
Suddenly, DYLE releases his hold.
As he climbs off the chair, JEAN-LOUIS suddenly runs to the door, unbolts it and runs into the hall, CAMERA PANNING with him.
Then she screams.
He goes into his room and she goes into hers.
A searchlight near the boat's bridge has gone on and now begins sweeping the river banks.
The room is dark and the phone is ringing.
Suddenly the elevator stops between floors and the lights go out.
The NIGHT PORTER is asleep behind the desk.
Suddenly TEX stops.
Suddenly, he is stopped.
Inside, huddling down, is a terrified REGGIE, holding her breath as she watches him.
She stops suddenly.
They shake hands as the EES photographer takes publicity shots.
The assistant carefully hands Hertz a pulsating metal container with lots of warnings and danger symbols on it.
Relieved, he turns nonchalantly to Ernie, ignoring the other horrified passengers.
There is a large dilapidated mining shed complete with rusted ducts and a tall smoke stack, a tattered carnival tent with an ornate stage flat facade, a lopsided outhouse, a creepy broken-down farm house, and in the center of it all, a giant molded carnival head with big staring eyes, which slowly rotates on a creaky base.
Elijah has bad teeth, a bad shave, and scary eyes.
It's dark and spooky.
Suddenly Ernie's flesh balloons out and melds into Julie's side.
He's waking up.
Rick's eyes widen in terror as he beholds his hideous new form.
BANG!
SOCKHEAD is a freak with a large button-eyed sock puppet for a head.
He strikes a threatening "monster" pose, then gives a friendly wave.
Suddenly the lighting changes to flashing red horror lights with plenty of dark shadows.
Oddly, there's a shiny new Pepsi machine in this dingy corner of the Freak House.
Suddenly two GOONS in dark suits snatch the paper away from Stuey.
He collapses, a knife embedded in his chest, revealing the total mayhem...
Nosey gives him a worried look.
The crowd panics and charges for the exits.
The freaks are horrified.
They stop.
Ernie looks worried.
Rick looks worried as they lead him towards the scary looking house.
Rick watches as the Freaks approach the open courtyard, where he knows the Eyeballs will spot them.
He runs over to the Freaks.
Juan rears back, about to lunge, when suddenly he freezes and looks off into the distance.
Sockhead suddenly freaks out.
He stops.
Suddenly Elijah's voice rings out behind them.
The freak house door opens--Eye and Eye step in to check out the noise.
Rick, Julie, and Ernie gasp in horror!
Rick shakes hands with Julie, and takes back the Noxon.
The war movie has erupted into a massive battle--machine guns blaring, grenade launchers and bazookas booming, the works.
We hear a low rumbling and the floor starts to shake.
The freaks are horrified.
A few gun-toting SECURITY GUYS in dark suits and dark glasses get out.
The door to the Freak House opens.
The cackle is unmistakable--Rick's face twists in horror as he realizes...  Hertz is THE LAUGHING MAN! Hertz ducks out the door.
Except for the workmen, who exchange worried looks.
Beat.
CRASH!
looks worried.
We hear a music bite from "Le Freak."
Rick stops the spear inches from Stuey's chest.
Suddenly, the agents are distracted by a terrible scream.
Suddenly a squirrel runs across stage, followed by Juan.
Suddenly a stop light looms ahead.
Suddenly flames leap out of the car, blowing Roberto ten feet into the air.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, Cole appears at his side.
The wind suddenly picks up.
There is a beat of silence in the dark.
Both of them have their eyes wide open as they stare at the ceiling in fearful anticipation of the next day.
Suddenly an abrupt jump cut.
Our girls screech in horror and hold onto one another in a protective clump.
Suddenly the door bursts open.
He's pimping for one of his ladies and makes a sale to an anxious young Marine as Gary approaches him.
He backs Gary against a wall and pulls a knife on him.
She screams in terror.
Laverne is frightened of Chulo.
Scared, she runs around the room, then out the door.
It's dark, but for a lamp on the nightstand which is on.
Rick is shaken by this.
The girls run around the room in a panic with the Japanese chasing them in very hot pursuit.
He's scared to death.
Suddenly Cole's ass sticks through it.
CAMERA PUSHES IN TO a car in the parking lot which is towing a U-Haul trailer behind it.
He's stunned.
Suddenly police SIRENS pierce through the party sounds.
By his side are several Everyone starts to panic and run for the doors.
Suddenly a Porsche pulls up between Rick and Debbie.
PRESTON'S FACE appears above a CLAPPER BOARD ...  "TAKE 5" is nervous ... his eyes flick from one INVESTOR to the other ...  trying to read the room.
PRESTON suddenly finds himself BUNDLED into the back of a CAB.
ANN'S arm is suddenly GRABBED!
ANN suddenly STANDS.
A FLASH of FEAR crosses DENHAM'S FACE ...  DENHAM calls across to a TALL FIGURE who is supervising the loading of the ship.
He suddenly collides with BRUCE, who thrusts a SUITCASE at him.
He's standing in a dark, viscous PUDDLE OF GUNGE.
ENGLEHORN hands the BOTTLE to a nervous CHOY.
DENHAM looks hard at the map, suddenly a look of intrigue dawning on his face.
WIDE ON: The VENTURE SLOWS, but its weight is carrying it forward ...  ENGLEHORN searches desperately through the thick FOG. the PANIC on the SHIP.
HAYES looks in HORROR as he comes within inches of the rock outcrop.
ANGLE ON: JIMMY closing the BOOK, an ashen expression on his CLOSE ON: HAYES pauses, filled with a sudden sense of DREAD.
He reluctantly turns, his eyes drawn to the creepy CARVED HEAD towering above the SHIP.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM ...  His eyes suddenly widen in disbelief.
RAIN STARTS FALLING.
ANN steps back in HORROR and SCREAMS!
ANN alone in her CABIN, is overwhelmed by a terrible SENSE of SUDDENLY!
ANGLE ON: NATIVES are moving towards the VENTURE ...  A growing sense of UNEASE fills ANN with DREAD.
She is on the SUMMIT of the WALL, lit by the flickering FLAMES ...  looking out onto DARK TREE TOPS.
A MASSIVE SHAPE moves through the air ...  The ground SHAKES with a sudden force of IMPACT!
CLOSE ON: ANN balanced on a knife-edge of TERROR.
ANN'S strength suddenly DRAINS from her legs, and SLUMPS between the POSTS.
FRENZIED MOVEMENT: SAILORS, lead by ENGLEHORN, race into the VILLAGE firing WARNING SHOTS in the air ...  SKULL ISLANDERS SCATTER in TERROR ... ANGLES ON: The SKULL ISLANDERS melt away into the darkness ...  vanishing as fast as they appeared.
JACK'S POV: The EMPTY ROPES binding ANN'S WRISTS swing from the CLOSE ON: DENHAM in SHOCK ...  his mind racing, fuelled by FEAR.
The atmosphere is TENSE ...  unseen creatures scurry in the darkness, fleeing from the approaching humans.
She is rigid with FEAR.
Years of survival have left SCARS on his face.
KONG stares at ANN ...  she dare not move; only her RAPID BREATHING belies her INNER TERROR.
ANGLE ON: ANN is suddenly swung UPSIDE DOWN and SHAKEN ...  the ceremonial NECKLACE falls from ANN'S NECK.
A WHIMPERING SOUND escapes from the back of her throat.
ANN looks at KONG, aghast, and in this moment her heightened sense of FEAR gives way to something more fundamental: SELF KONG'S FINGERS start to OPEN - ANN seizes her chance!
She suddenly PROPELS herself off his HAND!
ANGLE ON: The GROUP pause at the sound of ANN'S TERRIFIED SCREAM.
ANGLE ON: LUMPY stumbling forward with a hacking SMOKER'S COUGH.
at the sound of a STRANGE NOISE ...  PUSH IN: ON DENHAM ... a look of AMAZEMENT dawning on his FACE.
ALL look up at LUMPY ...  A ripple of FEAR spreads throughout the CROWD.
ANGLE ON: BRUCE suddenly turns and runs!
ANGLE ON: HERB is starting to get NERVOUS as DENHAM determinedly continues filming ... WIDE ON: A sudden FALL of ROCKS ...  Jack looks up! ANGLE ON: The MEN look NERVOUS as the GROUND starts to TREMBLE beneath their feet!
SEVERAL nervous SAILORS jump up and start running.
EVERYONE TURNS and FLEES!
The GROUP are desperately scrambling up the STEEP ROCKY SLOPE - slipping and sliding on the WET MOSS ...  FOUR SURVIVING CARNOTAURS follow in pursuit ... the MEN start sliding backwards in their panic.
GROUND.
ANGLE ON: HAYES suddenly stops ...  tensely scanning the DARK RUINS on the other side of the CHASM ... CREEPY POV: ...  something is watching the MEN on the LOG.
CLOSE ON: A DARK HOLE, beneath the tree ...  Long FEELERS probe along the ROOF of the hole as a HUGE CENTIPEDE CRAWLS towards her.
Suddenly she feels another crawling up over her shoulder.
ANN FREAKS!
ANN can feel its hot sour BREATH blowing on the back of her neck!
SUDDENLY KONG THUDS DOWN BOTH ... and for a moment ANN & KONG LOCK EYES.
THROWING it at the SPIDERS they CRAWL OFF.
More GIANT CRAB-SPIDERS JUMP at JACK.
THEY SEE that they're SURROUNDED BY SPIDERS.
SPIDERS SWARM out of HOLES in the CLIFF AND DIE.
KONG POV: LOOMING out of the CHASM WALL is a HUGE FACE! CLOSE ON: ANN as her expression suddenly changes from FEAR to ANN walks past KONG ...  who emits another LOW, WARNING GROWL.
to stay motionless in KONG'S PALM. the CAVE and SWARM around the LEDGE ...  their FEAR of KONG is overwhelmed by the tempting SIGHT of JACK and ANN.
SOUNDTRACK: A ROAR ...  growing louder ... ANN casts a nervous glance over her shoulder.
He SWINGS the ROPES AWAY, sending HAPLESS SAILORS flying through the AIR! CLOSE ON: DENHAM looks on in HORROR, as his PLAN to CAPTURE    KONG falls apart.
KONG turns to ANN'S BOAT ...  he looks at her ... KONG PAUSES at the SOUND of her VOICE ...  as if sensing her    fear for him.
D         you now ...  a captive!
The AUDIENCE BEGIN TO RISE from their SEATS ...  PANIC sets in!
ANGLE ON: JACK emerges from the THEATRE, all around him    PANICKED PEOPLE run in TERROR!
ANGLE ON: JACK scrambling into the FRONT SEAT of the CAB ...      he throws it into GEAR and heads off after KONG! ANGLE ON: KONG reacts like a CORNERED ANIMAL in a BLIND PANIC ... FLAILING his arms in PANIC, the TRAM swinging through the air and SMASHING into BUILDINGS like a GIANT CLUB! bits of TRAM that disintegrate off the FIST of KONG ...  JACK accelerates, straight through the LEGS of the GIANT GORILLA!
LIGHTS spin past ...  it is a brief moment of respite ... SUDDENLY!
A COLD WIND blows ANN'S hair as she watches the PLANES approach.
DOWN GUN-SIGHTS ...  drifting left and right as KONG grows in size KONG is suddenly FEARFUL ... he INSTINCTIVELY pushes ANN towards the BUILDING'S WALL!
SUDDENLY a PLANE FLIES straight at KONG.
KONG looks FEARFUL ...  he is WEAKENING from his BULLET WOUNDS.
TEARS STREAM DOWN HER FACE ...  KONG slowly lifts her in his HAND ... he looks beyond her ...  ALL SOUND FADES AWAY ... except for a gentle breeze ...  The FEAR leaves KONG ... he looks at ANN with TENDERNESS and LOVE.
He stares at KONG, DREAD, REALIZATION dawning on his face.
She's deathly pale, spewing founts of blood from a savagely slashed throat -- A SHOCK-TRAUMA TEAM swarms over her, inserting a vacutainer into an artery to draw blood, wrapping a blood pressure cuff around her arm -- The RESPIRATORY THERAPIST feeds an endotracheal tube down the woman's ruined throat, attaches that to an Amblu bag -- The woman starts spasming violently.
Suddenly -- A black Mercedes 850 appears over the crest of a hill, ROARING past us, stereo system belting out FILTER.
Hungry eyes.
is elite, underground -- an "abattoir-chic" version of an old-time juke joint with a greasy, dangerous vibe.
Dennis looks up, concerned -- -- MORE BLOOD DROPLETS are falling.
The figure stands, moves into the light as time screeches to a halt -- towers above Dennis, wearing dark glasses and a leather longcoat -- a sneer of cruel contempt etched upon a face tempered by a lifetime of horror.
Nuclear silence.
Some of the vampires try to flee, scurrying up the stairs, but the exit quickly becomes clogged with liquefying bodies -- -- then Blade's CAR-15 jams.
Beat.
Blade suddenly finds himself wrestling with a feral-faced six-foot- something nightmare named QUINN.
Blade forces an elbow against Quinn's throat, trying to keep him at bay.
Quinn suddenly bolts up from the autopsy table, sinking his fangs into Curtis' jugular.
growing darker by the moment.
With a tap of a button, the monitor goes dark.
Blade shakes violently, grinding his teeth through the bite guard, veins cording in his neck.
We understand that these shared moments, oddly private in their horror, are the glue which binds the two vampire hunters together.
It quivers in fear.
She moves to the window, pulling the shade down, frightened.
CRASH!
Skin the complexion of buttermilk, so corpulent he can barely move, so engorged with blood that he's actually sweating it from the pores of his skin.
At the sight of Blade, Pearl's eyes widen in fear -- Frost paces the length of his pool, wearing a hands-free communications headset, grinning.
There's a LITTLE GIRL sitting stiffly beside the man -- a look of pure terror written on her face.
CLOSE ON Karen as she moves to the grimy outer windows, watching the sun go down, an unmistakable look of dread creeping over her.
It's at her throat, sinking its claws into her neck.
Miracia shrugs, spreading her hands.
TWO VAMPIRE GUARDS who have been caught in the sudden swath of light are burning up before our eyes.
She SNARLS and strikes, brutally raking her claws across Blade's face, knocking the sword from his grasp -- led by Mercury step from the shadows where they'd been waiting all along.
Restrained.
Replete with dark splendor.
Karen looks up with a growing sense of dread.
CRACK!
CRACK!
Karen pummels the howling horror, driving it back until the femur actually splinters in half.
He places it against Blade's throat, slowly applying pressure.
And so he rises -- Frost continues drinking down the blood, when suddenly, a force seizes his body.
A wind picks up from nowhere, swirling about the chamber, accompanied by a strange Suddenly, one of the tombs BURSTS OPEN.
The guns spins across the floor, where it's scooped up by -- who takes aim at an approaching vamp, BLOWING it away.
Both men, fueled by super-human speed, lunge and spin across the cavern floor in a blurred ballet of lethal moves.
A blood demon.
She SEES Blade's discarded sword, reaches for it -- suddenly, a SHADOW moves on the periphery of her vision -- rushes at Karen in a near-blur.
Frost suddenly dissipates, SPLASHING away into a million zero-G blood bubbles, vanishing.
He gasps, chokes in air -- Frost backs away, horrified.
His blood-tendrils don't reform.
Blade hesitates, stopping the sword in mid-strike, catching his mother's gaze -- her face is monstrous now, scarred by Karen's poisonous mace.
Ardelia who is helping Clarice unbuckle her bullet-proof vest, follows her worried gaze.
He looks tired, haunted.
A beat.
A beat.
Some are padded, with narrow observation slits, others are normal, barred...  Shadowy occupants pacing, MUTTERING... Suddenly a dark figure in the next-to-last cell hurtles towards her, his face mashing grotesquely against his bars as he hisses.
She complies each time, trying to hide her fear.
Suddenly he whips the tray back at her, with a metallic CLANG that makes her start.
The dark figure suddenly flings his palm towards her, and - is spattered on the face and neck - not with blood, but with pale droplets of semen.
Her face is buried in her arms, she shoulders shaking.
Then she puts a final, emphatic shot right through THE FIGURE'S CLOSE ON a microfilm monitor - a grainy newsphoto of Dr. Lecter, scrawling past, with an accompanying story ("New Horrors in Cannibal Trial".), dated 1980.
We catch shadowy outlines - boxes, then the flattened tires of a car...  SOUND of rain on the tin roof, and other noises, too - small RUSTLINGS.
Clarice turns, scared, her beam capturing...  an old upright piano.
Clarice crawls a bit further.
The food carrier suddenly SWISHES out of the cell, making her jump up.
Suddenly, in the shadowy dark, he clubs her over the back of her head with his cast.
the highway patrol cruiser noses into a curb, next to other police cars, facing a big white frame house.
Crawford shakes hands with the sheriff.
A sudden blinding glare of light silences her.
A beat.
She is trembling.
who is elsewhere in the basement, worrying a toy.
edges reluctantly closer...  then suddenly rushes in, seizing the bone in her teeth.
A long, seesaw battle...  until finally, when one of her forelegs slips momentarily into the hole, she panics and lets go.
Overcome, she hurries from the room.
The 10-year old Clarice sits up abruptly in her bed, frightened.
Strange, fearful shadows on her ceiling and walls...  a window, partly fogged by the cold; eerie brightness outside.
And suddenly all natural SOUND and MOTION are suspended, as the MUSIC soars much louder, each separate note of it now echoing distinctly, and we see...  Pembry starting into the cell, reaching for his riot baton... Dr. Lecter smashing against the cell door, driving it into Pembry, pinning him across the chest, against the door frame...  Boyle, on one knee on the floor, digging desperately in his pants pocket for his handcuff key... Pembry's hand, mashed against his body by the door, as he strains frantically to reach the baton at his waist...  Pembry's eyes, widening in horror as he stares at... Dr. Lecter's bared teeth, flashing towards him...  Dr. Lecter gripping Pembry's face in his jaws, shaking it like a dog shakes a rat... Boyle finding his key, but in his terror dropping it...  Dr. Lecter yanking the mace can and riot baton from the dazed Pembry's belt, spraying him in his bloody face, then clubbing him to his knees... Boyle, mouth open in a silent scream, finding his key again, unlocking the handcuff, but then, as he starts to rise, seeing...  Dr. Lecter standing over him, with the riot baton raised high; he swings it viciously down, again and again and again... Then normal SOUND and MOTION are restored as we go to - the cassette player, and the portrait of Clarice, both now flecked with blood.
The two uniformed bodies, one sprawled on its back near the door, the other still in the cell, have been savaged by a knife.
The shaft is dark.
Behind him, in slightly BLURRED FOCUS, the bloody figure sits slowly upright...  Suddenly he stops, becoming aware of a strange HISSING.
He watches, frightened for both of them, as she backs away, smiles, then turns, racing towards the surveillance van.
Genuinely scared.
begins shaking, hands and arms twitching uncontrollably.
After a few moments, we become aware of movement - armed, dark-clad figures creeping swiftly and in silence from shrubs to garage corners, from parked cars to porches, appearing and then disappearing...  CLOSE ON Mr. Gumb, as he settles a big pair of infra-red night-vision goggles over his eyes.
A little boy, riding his tricycle in his driveway, is suddenly startled to find himself staring into the grim face of - crouched by his garage, armed to the teeth.
A beat of pure fear.
They are about ten feet apart. is about to reply when the moth suddenly flies up from behind him, flutters past his face.
whips her gun out, gripping it in both shaking hands.
hates this, hates this, which door, it's a trap, what to do: she is very scared, but suddenly hears - The distant SCREAM of Catherine Martin, somewhere down there in that killing maze.
centers her gun on the curtain, at chest height, and yanks it aside with her left hand.
Clarice stumbles, goes to her knees, rights herself, finally clutches the door frame...  Clarice emerges from the bathroom in a half-crouch, arms out, both hands on the gun, extended just below the level of her unseeing eyes.
She is radiantly beautiful in a navy dress and pearls, the thin scar on her cheek almost healed.
Stepping delicately over the sprawled body of a uniformed security guard, he walks in through open french doors.
Marcus sits up, she passes him the clipboard and pen-- he notes that her hands are SHAKING.
MARCUS stares straight ahead, taking deep, steady breaths, struggling not to succumb to fear.
These are human troops in high-tech HELMETS, carrying slightly futuristic conventional THE WARTHOGS veer off, laying NAPALM in the distance behind the SOLDIERS.
SOLDIERS move from cover and through the blown door.
The OTHER SOLDIERS inspect the many CYLINDERS, react in horror and shock.
A PANICKED PILOT on the radio: SOLDIERS above ground help the WOUNDED to EVAC CHOPPERS.
RAIN falls.
They drop down again.
KYLE starts, half-asleep-- So saying, KYLE falls back asleep.
CLOSER-- his eyes are closed, he's asleep.
When she looks out the windshield-- --she's about to HIT A WALL, SQUEALS in terror-- --MARCUS vaults in and pushes her aside, squeezing behind the wheel, hitting the brakes and throwing the Jeep into neutral.
The SONG suddenly GARBLES, turning to NOISE.
He pulls himself up and-- --crawls across the roof, to the LID.
Blair struggles to saw through her lines with a KNIFE.
The LINES suddenly SNAP, Blair FALLS from the tree.
QUICK SHOTS of MUTANT EYES, glowing in the dark-- ENLARGED TEETH-- DARK, MASSIVE FORMS moving through the brush.
It SNAPS its ELONGATED TEETH at him, but he manages to BREAK its neck and hurl it toward-- TWO MORE SKINDOGS moving in for an attack.
It's darker now, the moon is down.
She squints at these in the dark.
She closes her eyes, settling against him, her head against his chest.
DARKNESS.
She looks worried.
Suddenly-- --the BLACKHAWK CHOPPER drops down directly in front of Marcus, hovering a few feet above the water, the GUNNER pointing his weapon directly at Marcus (he's one of the two soldiers we saw before.).
Suddenly-- --HYDROBOTS ERUPT from the RIVER with a hideous BUZZING SOUND.
About a dozen of these four- foot long, glistening steel snakes shoot from the water to attack the chopper.
Suddenly, HANDS BURST from the water, grabbing the soldier.
BLAIR looks up, bleary-eyed, exhausted and scared.
Marcus hears a NOISE nearby-- --a GOLF BALL bouncing on the ground not far away.
There are lawns, fountains, etc. Marcus SLAMS ON the brakes, then clutches Jeremy by the throat-- the man looks more annoyed than frightened.
(Levels of seratonin, endorphins, etc.) Beside these are BARCODES and small INSET PHOTOS taken within the chamber, the subjects looking frightened.
A pair of T-400s now approach from the shadows.
Suddenly the building SHAKES, the sound of a distant EXPLOSION.
It looks like the place is under attack.
THE ENGINEER'S FACE suddenly shows fear-- his body FREEZES.
MARCUS meanwhile PICKS OFF potential threats with the PLASMA RIFLE.
After a beat, they rise, shaken.
Suddenly, directly in front of them-- --THE TANK APPEARS, moving swiftly around a corner, GUN TURRET SWIVELING at them.
He shakes hands, wide-eyed and speechless.
THE PLASMA WEAPON flies out of her arms, she COLLAPSES.
MARCUS moves to the NEXT IMAGE-- it shows his features TRANSFORMED into another's-- something closer to JOHN CONNOR'S FACE, with a JAGGED SCAR over part of his features.
The FACES of the men, all ages, intense, hopeful, fearful.
He ls casually but fashionably dressed, hair dyed blond long, a nervous elegance about him, almost unrecognisable from the croupier's face.
It now reads: 'ON THE BALL'.
JACK shakes hands with DAVID REYNOLDS, a cold man in his late forties, dead behind the eyes.
JACK shakes it.
MARION is asleep in bed.
She wakes.
JACK is asleep.
He wakes.
JACK shakes it.
MATT's car pulls up in the parking lot at the back of the restaurant.
The noise is close to deafening.
He starts across the dark room.
Suddenly the light comes on.
BELLA is frightened by JACK'S violence.
JACK pulls her suddenly into his arms, pulls her onto the bed.
She is startled.
She is crushed.
He hangs up.
JANI, wearing dark glasses, is driving.
She takes off her dark glasses.
The four PLAYERS shake hands across the net.
JACK stands in the middle of the dark room.
CHLOE is sitting at the table, half-asleep in her nightgown.
MARION is in bed asleep.
JACK is asleep in bed with MARION.
It wakes her.
He prays silently.
A POLICE DOCTOR uncovers a body on a gurney.
The ball falls into 10.
Scared, he steps away slowly.
Sethe looks frightened.
The children stare at Denver and 124, with horror and curiosity.
She bends low and crawls through the leaves into the center.
His feet sore and blistering in his shoes.
Paul realizes that may have sounded too intimate so he leans back and sighs: Like a nervous little girl, Sethe takes a sit beside a man for the first time in years, folding her sweat stained skirt beneath her.
It worries him.
Frightened, Paul steps back out the door.
She stops.
Sethe's sudden outburst startles Paul.
He rubs his cheek against it, feeling the scars beneath the dress.
Suddenly, PAUL'S LEGS BEGIN TREMBLING.
Denver looks frightened.
The awkwardness they both feel strike them suddenly as funny.
And then, just as quickly, the urge to laugh subsides - and the fear they feel takes it's place.
She shakes her head no.
A repulsion?
We hear the others O.S.: Camera stays on Sethe as we drown out the voices at the kitchen table.
Paul looks quizzically at Sethe, who shrugs; Suddenly, she begins to CHOKE on a raisin from the pudding and falls backward, off the chair.
Suddenly, Beloved awakens with a start.
Her legs are scratched and bleeding from moving through broken twigs and rock.
Sethe can not speak for fear.
She walks right into the water when suddenly, her own water breaks and her labor begins...
She doubles up in pain; Sethe, on her knees, crawls into the boat and props her feet up.
Sethe walks downriver with Denver tied to her chest.
A flash of fear is quickly transformed into pragmatism.
Suddenly she submerges herself underwater and holds herself there, as if to drown herself...
She stops.
She approaches the kitchen window and looks in.
Beat.
Paul focuses on his dinner, suddenly ill at ease.
It makes him shiver.
Sethe is asleep.
Paul is asleep in the rocker...
Camera follows them under a burning sun as they approach; A TRENCH.
He surrenders.
A burden transformed into a gift, so suddenly.
She lets her head touch his chest.
Softly, suddenly, it begins to snow.
Paul is asleep.
Sethe understands, looks to her sleeping children and is frightened.
Stamp Paid's face registers sudden concern.
He stops before her.
Denver is asleep in a bassinet.
Sethe watches, a moment of fear across her face; Sethe realizes, placing down the bucket: Sethe sobs, uncontrollably.
Camera follows them as it reveals Baby Suggs and Stamp Paid standing exactly where we left them... Except; They are both staring at the shed - out of which strange noises, thuds and the FRIGHTENED CRIES OF CHILDREN are heard.... Two Black Boys and several Woman are coming up the road.
The Nephew is paralyzed... horrified.
The distance between these two people in this small room is suddenly vast.
Sethe rises up on her hands and knees, her laughter shaking her chest and causing her eyes to tear in the cold air.
Beat.
Stamp breathes a sigh of relief.
But a shadow appears to be hovering over 124.
A broken window... the front door off it's hinge...a front step splintered and dangerous.
Camera opens on the front hall and moves through the house, revealing the same neglect inside; Broken furniture, dusty floors, mess and disorder...  Camera enters; Dirty pans, crusted food on the table, window curtains hanging askew... Sethe sits hunched over, asleep, in a chair against the wall.
Her face registers fear.
She searches in a panic for more food - anywhere - opening cabinets, doors - places that never stored food.
Denver exits the kitchen, afraid to leave them alone...
Denver crawls into her arms.
Denver walks down the stairs, entering the kitchen; Sethe is on her knees, picking up pieces of broken plate.
Suddenly; Sethe and Denver rush out of the kitchen to see; beloved running through the rooms, clawing at her throat, causing it to bleed...  Sethe and Denver rush towards into the keeping room.
Then, Sethe looks beyond the women and sees: Sethe's expression turns to fear, then rage.
Looks nervous for a second, then holds up a clipboard.
Shuts his eyes, thinking, scared.
He suddenly veers off the road toward...
Jim lashes out with a fist, hard and fast, hitting Kenny in the chest, knocking him out of the ski-boat, into the water.
He hears...
Karen suddenly turns on Phil and pushes him out of the boat.
Gets to his feet, woozy and goes to get out of the cell.
Is terrified, about to die.
She pulls out a Swiss Army knife, unfolds a small knife and starts taking out the screws holding the cage in place.
She sits and he lays down on the roof, catching his breath.
One problem -- Kenny doesn't know the danger they're in.
Kenny is shivering.
Kenny's shivering stops.
They shake hands.
Are watching, from the shadows on the dark side of the street.
Before he can pull it out, holes puff out of his chest, followed by blood and then the sound of the rifle-shots.
Then he's hit and knocked out of the boat, dead.
Gets to his knees in his boat and starts shooting.
Blood is dripping down from his arm.
Phil looks scared shitless.
Karen starts to panic.
She's using the tip of the knife blade to unscrew the screws holding the support to the railing.
She starts chipping at the plaster with the knife.
The line of lights on top of the dam start to fall over, then go dark, snuffed out by an unseen force.
Is shot in the gut and the thigh and high on the chest and he stumbles back, bellowing, and falls out of the Sheriff's boat and into the water.
The Sheriff's boat comes onto Main Street, moving fast.
And he clutches it to his chest as... Hits the church.
The house has been hit by the flood.
Looking over the peak of the roof in horror.
We FOLLOW THE BALL, spiraling through the slanting rain.
Alvin exudes danger; big, fast and hostile on the field, slightly surly, a sense of repressed anger off it.
Humes and Clayton fear an outburst, a display of rage.
A jingling noise up the road.
Suddenly: The door flies open and--BANG!
Beat.
He twists and rears with cuffed hands to plunge the knife into Moon's chest.
Blood spatters Mattie.
Moon has fallen to the floor, knife in chest.
The two horses that are now riderless rear and mill, panicked.
He fires.
They shake.
We are high and close on Rooster, asleep.
She is struck by a worrying thought.
He sloshes suddenly forward, water kicking up before him.
Mattie manages to choke out: Silence.
She claws at it.
We hear the schlick of steel and his hand reappears holding a knife taken from a leg sheath.
Her eyes roll down in their sockets to watch as Chaney regrips the knife and lowers it to her throat, his knuckles whitening with tension.
A beat.
Then, he drops.
The butt-end of a knife juts out.
Mattie screams as the ball of waking snakes quickens.
The body, coming to pieces, slides dustily down into the dark.
It disappears.
Mattie hastily reaches for the root that pins her and in a panic pulls, looking back toward the body.
As the snakes advance to the level of her pinned leg Mattie freezes.
Careful to keep still, eyes on the advancing snakes: More snakes climb onto her.
A large snake is winding onto her shoulder.
She gingerly places a hand for it to coil onto; it does; she holds it at arms length and gently shakes it off.
As he does so: Rooster stoops with the knife and one slice frees the booted foot.
Horrible noises are indeed coming from the horse, but Rooster is grim: He leaves off whipping the horse and takes out his knife.
In the dark, the darker shape of the dead horse, growing smaller.
She appears a little anxious.
Both she and Claudia are petrified and terror-stricken as the curve and the wall loom closer and closer.
With a frightening leap -- and going well over fifty miles an hour -- the car barely makes it over the ditch and right through the opening in the wall.
Claudia is visibly shaken.
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by Sandro's voice shouting "Hello."
Sandro and Anna remain as they are until they are suddenly enveloped by a dark shadow.
It is larger than it previously appeared and casts a long, dark shadow over the yacht.
But Claudia is afraid to dive in while the boat is still in motion, so she turns to the sailor and shouts: The motor is turned off and the yacht soon comes to a halt.
As soon as he hits the water, he starts shivering and exclaims: Then, lowering the mask over his face, he begins to submerge.
Then, immediately, the booming voice of the sailor aboard the yacht sounds out: But Sandro ignores the warning and starts swimming out towards Anna like a demon.
Claudia is stricken with fear, and holds on tight to Giulia.
Anna goes over to the edge of the boat and stands at the head of the little stairway leading down to the water.
Her desire to join him is greater than her fear of the shark, so she looks down at the sailor and asks: Patrizia, instead, turns around and heads back to the cabin.
Breaking the nervous tension that has spread itself throughout the group, a seaman appears with a small basket of frozen peaches brought from the yacht.
Sandro is asleep with his arms folded under his head.
Down at the shore, Giulia is getting ready to step on the gangplank and go aboard the yacht but, anxious about Anna's whereabouts, she changes her mind and turns back.
He is about to head towards them but suddenly realizes that Giulia is following directly behind him.
As he starts to approach it, another stray lamb appears, as if from nowhere, and runs off, frightened by Sandro's approach.
The turn has taken the boat slightly away from Lisca Bianca and they now find themselves closer to the little island of Basiluzzo.
The entire group is once again reunited on the beach, and the impending storm has heightened their fears and anxiety.
They are cold, restless, and exhausted, but profoundly moved and shaken by the reality of Anna's strange disappearance.
Suddenly, footsteps are heard approaching the hut.
Claudia suddenly jumps up and runs out of the hut and into the dark, calling out desperately.
She looks down over the side and quickly withdraws, almost in fear of being sucked down into the swirling waters below.
Stepping ashore are Patrizia, Giulia and Raimondo, followed by a Marshal of the carabinieri and two police agents.
As Sandro and Claudia come rushing down over the rocks, Claudia suddenly stops and lags behind so as not to arrive on the beach simultaneously with Sandro.
But seeing Patrizia and Raimondo approaching, he suddenly stops.
Claudia is nonplussed and almost petrified with fear.
But the intensity in Claudia's look, mixed with fear and desire, is so overpowering that Sandro takes her in his arms and kisses her.
Suddenly, she stands up and goes into the corridor.
Sandro tries to grab her in his arms, but Claudia pushes him away, almost with a sense of violence, as though she were afraid she might change her mind once in his arms.
Now, with all this talk about Sandro, the sense of relaxation Claudia had felt upon her arrival, has changed into a feeling of anxiety that becomes more and more noticeable.
Remarks and comments are heard above the noise.
It is a picture of a nude woman; a shapely figure, slightly plump, in the manner of Renoir.
She suddenly stops reading and turns toward Sandro.
Suddenly, Sandro takes Claudia by the hand.
Suddenly, feeling himself being stared at, Sandro turns towards Claudia.
And only then do Sandro and Claudia become aware that the silence around them is an unnatural one, that the doors and the windows of all the houses in the town are tightly shut.
Huddled close to each other, Claudia and Sandro are asleep on the grass.
A cold shiver runs down her back and she quickly comes to her feet.
Suddenly the sound of a shutter being lowered directly behind her causes her to start and turn around.
In that total solitude, the doorway of the hotel emerges like the mouth of some dark and fearful cavern, so much so that Claudia is unable to keep her eyes fixed upon that spot.
Suddenly, she wheels about, having heard Sandro enter.
Throwing away his cigarette, he comes up to her, all nervous and excited, and they both step out into the street.
Suddenly, up from the street comes the sound of music.
Beyond these steps is a small dead-end street that runs up against the faade of a large and magnificent old building.
Sandro goes down the flight of steps and approaches the door of the old building which is closed.
Claudia is clearly intrigued by everything she sees: the surroundings, the people, etc. Sandro approaches the reception desk as Claudia walks slightly ahead, anxious to see what is going on.
Suddenly, Claudia stops.
But all of a sudden, Claudia becomes aware of something moving on a sofa at the far end of the room.
The young man's throat is dry; he's sweating bullets.
Christy, clearly terrified, is walking quickly away from Vince's office.
Joey suddenly flies into the bin.
As Christy looks around the lobby, various religious artifacts loom at her; we see them from her terrified P0V.
Mother Superior is in total command of all she surveys, and she seldom raises her voice or her blood pressure as she rules.
The thought of being left alone with Mother Superior panics Christy, like a child left in the principal's office.
Christy is fast asleep.
Christy stares at the loom; a look of horror crosses her face.
A.)on her hands and knees.
Reluctantly, Christy rises and approaches the door.
One of the drug dealers stands outside the crack house as a car suddenly pulls up to the curb.
The picture suddenly becomes GRAINY, and we hear the voice of a NEWS REPORTER.
Shocked and terrified, Christy struggles to free herself, but is suddenly relieved to see that her abductor is Eddie.
Everyone's attention suddenly turns to Bishop O'Hara as he approaches.
The kitchen is dark, lit only by a flickering candle carried by Christy.
After a few steps, Eddie suddenly looks disturbed.
Several members of the choir rush into the room with panic in their eyes.
She fondles her rosary beads, and sinks to her knees.
Mary Robert stands alone in front of the cathedral, wringing her hands with worry.
Christy suddenly lifts her knee into Willy's groin, and he buckles over.
Mother Superior suddenly steps forward.
There is a pause, as the Manager stares at the nuns in horror.
Christy suddenly drops to her knees and begins to pray.
Trapped for a moment, she has panic in her eyes.
One window, dark and quiet on the third floor, catches his gaze.
Simon's sunglassed eyes look up suddenly, his body stifffening.
Simon manages a grip on the gargoyle's face and POUNDS the back of his skull against the wall.
A mortuary.
The rooms are dark but for one.
Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
It's part of the school building long abandoned.
Finished, he sets the ancient bible down, turns off the gooseneck, and leans back in his chair, alone in the dark.
A coyote has crept up onto a near ledge.
Watching her.
The boy, still standing beside her, begins to look nervous.
Is the abandoned, decayed part of the building.
It's brutal.
Suddenly Thomas breaks back, intercepts the ball, and drives against Player #2.
That buzz.
Hustling the last one up the stairs, she pauses suddenly.
Twinkling lights in a cold, dark embrace.
Gabriel suddenly freezes.
Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet.
Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers spread, claw-like.
Asleep, sweaty, shivering, Mary suddenly opens her eyes.
And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon's chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart.
She stops.
As she feels it's gaze a shadow suddenly crosses her shoulder.
Katherine turns quickly but only barely catches, out of the corner of her eye, a glimpse of something very large.
It's only past the final door, into the smallest corner of the building, that the walls become clean and brightly painted by eager third graders.
The creepy silence transforms itself into the giggles of children as they bang open the classroom door and whoop themselves outside for recess.
Up the crumbly embankment, sitting perched on the roof of an abandoned house, is Gabriel.
Impenetrably dark.
And he walks out, leaving Thomas alone in a place gone suddenly cold.
Death.
The same cold, creepy air about him.
The shriek of ghosts under his breath.
It worries Katherine.
The atmosphere becomes close and creepy.
They follow the light to the gap in the rock, gingerly stepping into -- That could easily belong to a bum.
But once they step into the room, into the lair, it suddenly jumps in volume.
Thomas, fighting the insanity pounding at him, crawls pathetically across the floor to the oil lamp.
Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard against the chest, forcing him off.
The slugs RIP into Jerry's chest and knock him to his knees.
Katherine rushes to Thomas, who's pulled himself up to his knees, a ragged slice above his eye bleeding badly.
Again, the pain.
There are eyes in this winged head, but blood chilling ones of putrid yellow.
There are endless scars and shapes and wrinkles, but mostly, only, there are the eyes.
Katherine lays her head on Thomas's shoulder, and as darkness swallows them he holds her.
With the ease of a spider he slides down and beside John.
She begins to choke, to cough, then suddenly sits up and opens her eyes.
Katherine's head is still on Thomas's shoulder, the two of them asleep sitting against the wall.
Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloak.
He downs the shake in one belt.
Thomas's eyes are wild with fear.
He staggers to his knees and begins to run.
Gagging and weeping in blank shock, he crawls on his hands and knees as Rachael OPENS UP his arm from shoulder to elbow with her nails.
As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm into Gabriel's chest.
Bleeding to death is a real possibility for him.
Chasing the night and its fears away under the punishing glare of noon.
Claire traces a finger along a small but noticeable SCAR above her left eye, then slowly drops the hand to her cheek, as if confirming her existence.
Suddenly, the SOUND OF A WOMAN WAILING can be heard.
They stop.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She stops.
But the whispering has suddenly stopped.
She suddenly has a thought and disappears into the kitchen.
Cooper suddenly bolts down the hall.
She attacks the transition again, and again falters.
Beat.
Suddenly, THE CANDLE FLARES.
There's a dangerous energy to her walk.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Claire's still in the dark.
Beat.
Suddenly, her head droops over, she shudders softly.
Worried, she heads upstairs.
ANGLE - CLAIRE... her face a mask of terror.
Suddenly, she's released.
Claire places the roses in a vase on Norman's desk, and in doing so, accidentally knocks it over.
Suddenly her eye stops on a small silver bracelet with an intricate ROSEBUD.
Norman walks through the darkened house into the moonlit room.
He's a wreck.
He hangs up.
Two rings, then: Claire's eyes widen in terror.
Suddenly, A HAND WITH A WASHCLOTH IS THRUST OVER HER FACE.
Claire is pulling herself down the stairs, moaning in terror.
We can feel her revulsion.
He sees the necklace on her neck.
When his hands close on the clasp, his face suddenly goes slack.
Claire somehow manages to work a toe into the plug chain and yank it free.
Claire races over to the Volvo, which is blocked by NORMAN'S PICKUP, the dark hulk of THE SAILBOAT on a trailer behind it.
Shivering with cold and adrenalin, she tries to work the ancient heater.
Suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trailer.
It bursts inward and Mrs. Watchett, her hair flying, dashes down the steps panic-stricken into the room.
Here he stops.
In the f.g., Bridewell who has been sitting with a glazed, dreamy look, suddenly jumps.
(NOTE:  The house is situated upon a site with Suddenly the SOUND OF AN APPROACHING ENGINE catches his attention.
Drivers leave their cars of the period in disorder.
Alarmed, he runs across the street directly in the path of the ambulance that threads its way between the cars left in disorder on the road.
Suddenly there is a BLINDING FLASH.
The Time Machine is shaken violently, but the Time Traveller manages to crawl into it.
The CAMERA SCARES BACK.
A white light from above begins to permeate the dark- ness.
THERE IS A CRASH LIKE THUNDER and the Time Machine suddenly goes into a spin.
He shakes the cobwebs out of his head and, FOLLOWED BY THE CAMERA, rises with difficulty.
The apprehension mounts into tension and gradually but inevitably approaches the state of horror that a human being would experience in a strange place where he had just come from an innocent freshly set table of ripe fruits and stepped outside into a beautiful but weird vacuum.
Suddenly he stops as he distinctly hears a familar and quite HUMAN combination of NOISES.
The Time Traveller is suddenly struck by the truth of her words.
The stick now writes in the dust: " E L O I " A shadow crosses her face.
Suddenly she springs to her feet, concerned.
He is appalled.
The moving shadow of the Time Traveller reveals her pale face, with closed eyes, wearing an expression of helpless terror.
A look of fear comes into her eyes.
Weena looks up at him, her fears dwindling, find- ing comfort in this strange being whom she cannot understand.
Then she glances high into the dark sky and the old fear returns.
The fear paralyzes her.
She looks up, her eyes no longer showing fear.
He shakes her off.
An expression of fear comes slowly over her face as the LOW SIREN is joined by ANOTHER of HIGHER PITCH.
He looks up, concerned, pausing in his descent.
As the THIRD DISCORDANT BLAST joins the other two, Weena's fear is gone.
The ceasing of the sirens seems to have released them from their hypnotic spell and now, awake again and frightened, they are retreating.
Behind him, across the cavern, an indistinct figure watches, but quickly disappears as the T.T. strikes a match.
The sight that the T.T. beholds fills him with revulsion and horror.
His features twisted in horror in the flickering light of his match.
T. turns and as he leaves this chamber of horror, the rock behind him comes to life.
Where other Morlocks with CRACKING WHIPS herd the Eloi into the chamber of horrors.
Suddenly a long lash of a whip strikes like a serpent and coils about the T.T.'s neck.
Another whip scares Weena into the chamber of horrors, while several other whips land on the T.T.'s shoulders.
The T.T., wielding the whip fiercely, drives the Morlocks back several paces, then suddenly from above a pale body of a Morlock lands on him, knocking him down, causing him to drop the whip.
He crawls in pain into the chamber of horrors.
Then suddenly the T.T. pulls out his matchbox from his pocket.
The Eloi huddle against the wall in terror as other Morlocks gain courage and move forward toward the T.T.
She screams and jumps back, watching in terror, as the Morlock comes toward her.
Morlocks come in after fleeing Eloi, shielding their eyes from the light of the Time Traveller's torch.
Here they stop.
Weena, seeing the panels close, runs up to them and POUNDS her fists vainly on the metal doors.
Suddenly, a gloomy shade falls over the instruments, followed by a burst of whirling smoke and the twinkling red light of fire.
He steps into the house.
Suddenly a clock from the neighboring room CHIMES ONCE.
As Ben considers the driverless boat...  Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something below.
The arm stops and suddenly the tray of sand shakes, dropping through holes in the bottom to reveal an object the size of a person's fist.
Paul draws a long, nervous breath and looks at Amanda.
He's wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's staring at you or fast asleep.
Calling back from the cockpit...  Suddenly Grant spots...
He pales.
Amanda turns away in horror.
Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side.
Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air.
Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP as the giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mere inches from his face.
Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in horror as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinosaurus latches onto its throat.
Mindful of Grant's warnings, they move quickly and quietly.
A beat.
Now the camera penetrates the jungle canopy and the picture and sound become complete chaos: SCREAMS from the both, branches BREAKING, flashes of Ben and Eric's frightened faces as the camera is buffeted in all directions.
She SCREAMS.
They walk through an overgrown parking lot, littered with abandoned vehicles.
Sudden FLAPPING.
It is an eerie, haunted place.
Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the lobby's dirty windows with terrifying speed.
Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up.
Responding to the growls, a herd of grazing HADROSAURS suddenly flees across the open space.
Suddenly, one of the raptors SLASHES at him again.
The feasting raptors look up, listening, then suddenly run off into the dark jungle.
As terrified as he is, he can't help but be fascinated by their communication.
Up in the tree, Grant's eyes immediately burn from the vapor He squints to see through the fog, where he spots at the edge of the smoke Grant half-climbs, half-falls out of the tree, rushing to get through the heaviest of the smoke.
Suddenly, one of the creatures is attacked by another.
They're a thousand emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, overjoyed.
Paul Kirby watches in stunned, abject horror as the Pteranodon carries Eric directly overhead -- The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight.
He suddenly realizes what Billy is about to do.
Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
Suddenly, CRASH LANDS on the catwalk enclosure about them -- right next to a gaping hole in the mesh.
Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak.
All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus to leap out at any moment.
Spinosaurus pushes past the boat.
He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before.
And suddenly the raptors attack.
It's a gorgeous and terrifying sight.
Terrified, the Costa Rican CHOPPER PILOT veers away, but the pteranodons are already on him.
The helicopter suddenly tips, falling, SMASHING into the trees with a massive fireball.
The pteranodon goes to bite him again, but finds it head caught between the rungs.
It also reels in the pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dangerous.
A neon drive-in casts long shadows across a vast parking lot as the sun drops behind a distant hill.
Curt doesn't move, as if afraid of scaring her away.
Suddenly, a car horn honks next to them.
Terry tries to escape, but in his panic the engine dies.
Terry begins to get worried as the salesman begins to fondle his new Chevy.
He becomes frightened as the salesman attempts to drag him over to one of the 'Vettes.
Suddenly, there's a rumbling noise as the pipes break and water gushes over the floor.
Panic!
John shakes his head no.
Terry gets a little nervous.
A record needle scratches and "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" blares out as Steve and Laurie dance alone in the middle of the floor.
He moans.
Suddenly she puts her hand on his leg.
Suddenly, a rough- looking face, belonging to Vic Lozier, pops in her window.
Suddenly, he sees something--the T-bird going the other way down the street.
He looks a little concerned and starts the coupe.
Suddenly, there's a gunshot!
Ants (a tall, ghoulish-looking kid who probably got his name from the scar across his face which has recently been stitched to look like a party of ants marching across his cheek.)
The radio blares "Ain't that a Shame?" as Curt sits in the back seat of the car looking very nervous.
Suddenly, she grabs him and pulls him down on top of herself.
Ants is sitting in a "Rocket to the Moon" ride, pounding on it unsuccessfully when suddenly it starts.
Inside the small office, Curt shakes hands with Hank Anderson, who pats him on the shoulder.
They start walking faster, anxious to get away.
Suddenly, a beam from a flashlight plays across the trunk.
He suddenly jumps with a start.
Carol looks scared and grabs onto the dash.
Curt ties the cable to a post and then, looking scared, crawls under the police car with the cable.
Everything is dark and quiet as the adult population sleeps through the night.
The yellow deuce coupe roars off down the dark street.
She jumps out of the car and runs up the walk to the house.
He can only moan.
Steve shakes his head no.
A little scared, he goes inside and closes the door.
She looks determined not to seem as scared as she really is.
Laurie looks scared now.
Terry looks nervous, the engines start to scream and Terry, his hands shaking on the flashlight, manages to flash it on.
Inside Falfa's car, Laurie looks scared to death.
The crash car is beginning to burn in the engine compartment and John is panicked.
Then, panicked, he jumps from the car and rushes to the booth.
Then the plane's shadow ripples over the car and it, too, is gone.
Roberta looks scared shitless.
A beat.
We see relief -- and fear -- in Roberta's face.
The students stare at her, afraid of her now.
He has a serious expression and a scar on his left cheek.
Roberta's scared -- so she keeps talking, as if it's not really happening.
She suddenly remembers where she is, and quickly looks at the clock.
He dashes out.
HOLD ON ROBERTA, looking hurt and frightened.
She turns back to Nick who looks worried.
Janet rushes through the throngs while Roberta tries to keep up.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
One of the buildings on the street is burned out, missing a front door.
A beat.
Roberta looks at him, concerned that he's not responding to her news.
A beat.
A beat.
They finish and stare at her, afraid of her response.
The boy nervously shakes his head no.
A beat.
You can see on her face that she's dreading the emptiness.
Roberta gets up and warily approaches the door.
A few beats.
This is making her nervous.
She looks at him, afraid of what he might be saying.
A beat.
The anger drains out of her as she suddenly sees what this is all about.
He's fast asleep.
She crosses to Ernie and shakes him.
The boys look frightened, but Roberta's on a mission.
Roberta climbs the dimly-lit stairs of a dilapidated, scary building.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a bicycle.
LEONARD, a scrawny white boy takes his letter, scared by it.
Concepcion shakes her head no.
A beat.
Roberta crosses into the kitchen and returns with a cutting board and a knife.
We realize from the scar that one is NAEEM (20.), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.
It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a stage door opening.
Roberta pours nervous energy into her cappuccino, adding cinnamon, chocolate, and sugar, stirring loudly.
A few beats.
A beat.
A beat.
Janet looks at her, concerned.
Roberta talks to Janet with a worried expression.
Butt-Kong to Butt-Head asleep on the couch with Beavis shaking him.
Butt-Head is dead asleep on the couch.
Beavis shakes him.
Punks run in fear.
Another tosses a knife.
Butt-Head approaches them.
She SPANKS him.
Suddenly Martha buckles Beavis' belt.
Beavis goes white with fear.
The plane starts to shake.
Beavis starts to freak.
ON PEOPLE seeing Butt-Head flying, screaming in panic.
The guy's asleep.
The people are white with fear, some covered with flecks of spilled food and other matter.
Butt-Head approaches a door next to the bed.
Suddenly, the door opens.
The place is being surrounded by police and plain black cars.
They're in shock.
They walk away, not seeing that behind them, B&B approach the control room door.
Suddenly the lights blink on and off.
Machinery stops suddenly and large support beams break.
Disaster.
He guns it.
Suddenly dozens of A.T.F.
People are in a panic.
BEAVIS' P.O.V. OF BUTT-HEAD: His face starts to warp and colors start shifting.
Suddenly, it pops open.
They gasp.
Isolated.
Beavis is starting to SHAKE AND MAKE STRANGE NOISES.
He looks up, suddenly seeing: DOZENS OF A.T.F.
Suddenly, dozens of agents surround him, pointing guns at him.
He continues to babble, making the agents nervous.
As before, the flight crew stares in horror and silence as B&B deplane.
His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep.
Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, but is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain in her stomach.
Suddenly, Gideon's rooster starts to CROW.
Suddenly, the chickens start to run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in.
She shakes out a rug.
The SOUND of the trumpet frightens Skip's birds.
Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint from time to time.
Hattie has a series of squinting attacks.
His head is resting on his chest.
His racking COUGH is frightening.
Hattie has started her nervous twitch again.
Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding up one of the twins, Loviray.
The sound of his voice frightens her.
The noise of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet next door drown out Suzie's voice.
Gideon is asleep.
Gideon has dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged considerably.
She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark.
Linda's eye is still swollen.
Gideon is asleep.
Two shadows on the wall are facing each other.
Gideon is sound asleep.
Harry picks up the knife.
The knife falls out.
Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitchen and rush to see what is going on.
Everything is wet from the night's rain.
Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and starts to CROW.
Rhonda is asleep in a chair.
The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly.
BLACKNESS.
Jerry flees.
Estelle stares in horror.
The trailer shakes from the two adults flogging the mattress in the back.
Nick moves up, lubricating her arms, shoulders and neck.
A beat.
Nick approaches the shower building.
Suddenly the door opens.
A beat.
The dog shakes the scrotum in his jaws.
In Nick's eyes the fear of a sentence worse than death.
BLACKNESS.
Beat.
He shakes it.
She stalks off.
The trailer clips the corner of the house.
Nick takes a moment to watch in horror as dark plumes of smoke billow into the sky, the geyser of water, the storm of dazed chickens.
Nick suddenly brightens.
Vijay sits and shakes their hands.
The figure falls into the surf and the crowd of watching BIKINI-CLAD GIRLS gasp in horror.
The car pulls to a stop in the parking lot, the school looming beyond, slightly obfuscated by a light drizzle.
Nick enters the dark room to the sound of the bed squeaking.
The door to the room slams open and they are suddenly backlit by the harsh beam of the matron's flashlight.
Nick shivers in his underwear.
A beat.
He scurries into the house.
Then - We're off and running through the woods, trying to keep up with Nick as he flees.
Suddenly we hear a double SONIC BOOM.
The ship suddenly SHAKES.
Soran's eyes are suddenly wild, crazed.
Suddenly a com voice interrupts.
There is a sudden banging from the far corner of the room.
Soran has not aged at all over the years but he does have a permanent scar on his face from the earlier wound.
Beat.
The men shake hands and Picard sits down.
FOLLOW Soran across Ten Forward... until he suddenly stops in shock at something he sees... of Guinan, who is now back at the bar.
She shakes off the feeling and goes back to work.
Geordi suddenly stops in front of what appears to be a standard bulkhead.
Data suddenly start LAUGHING.
He whirls around and points a phaser at Data, who suddenly looks fearful.
A shadow crosses his face.
Suddenly, a BLINDING BURST OF LIGHT  from outside the windows washes into the room.
Data is huddled in a corner of the room, cowering in fear.
B'Etor grabs Soran and holds a wicked-looking knife to his throat.
Soran is unfazed by this threat.
She hits a control and suddenly Guinan's face appears on the screen.
Geordi moves his hand to the spot, but then the protrusion is suddenly gone.
Suddenly Geordi grabs his chest in pain.
He suddenly has a horrible realization.
On the display, the Veridian star suddenly DARKENS and GOES OUT.
Picard eyes the graphic with a sense of dread.
Suddenly, Crusher's face looms large in the picture, as if she's leaning over Geordi.
as he reacts to the terrifying image.
He gets a couple of levels up, and then suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the face.
There's no where to run...  as the RIBBON OF ENERGY TEARS ACROSS THE SCENE IN A WASHED OUT BY A BLINDING FLOOD OF RED LIGHT... Then suddenly the Ribbon is GONE...  and so are Picard and Soran.
We can see on his face that something is very wrong.
Suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the head.
who is attacking Soran in Picard's place.
Suddenly the probe CLOAKS.
Soran watches in horror as the probe crashes harmlessly into the distant jungle.
They both hang up.
Harlan is hauling Thelma out the door into the parking lot.
Thelma shakes her head no.
We hear his body HIT the gravel parking lot.
The car behind him is splattered with blood.
She hangs up on him.
Thelma shakes her head "no."
He stops.
Louise pulls out of the parking lot onto the road.
Suddenly she reaches over and locks her door.
Hal's unmarked detective car pulls up in front of Thelma's house.
Louise, Thelma, and J.D. pull into the motel parking lot.
He drops it in.
J.D. attacks her again.
He stops her, suddenly.
Louise shakes her head no.
He watches them.
Louise is looking a little nervous.
The car is flying down the road.
Thelma is asleep.
He drops it.
The car is still flying down the road.
Police Bulletin VOICE OVER BEGINS AND PLAYS OVER following scenes: A police helicopter flies over the burning wreckage of the fuel truck.
Thelma sits up suddenly.
She looks scared.
A steady stream of state police cars pulls out of the parking lot with lights flashing while other policemen are running to their cars still parked in the lot.
A huge cloud of dust blows across the road as he approaches the intersection.
ANOTHER ANGLE as police car #1 and police car #2 both pull back onto the road right next to each other.
The dust from the cars is blowing across them.
fearful, nervous, poised on one ring.
The character speaks: The new captive looks up, nervous.
He stops.
reacting.
He stares at the warning.
reacting in fear, looking up as the screen GOES TO BLACK.
Flynn settles into a chair; Alan leans against a game, nervous; Lora paces.
We see a human figure falling feet first down this tunnel from the outside, and suddenly we're at the bottom, and the figure stops, staggering from the force of the fall, but upright.
turning towards Flynn as he hears this noise.
reacting.
Sark is staring up at the screen, frowning, nervous, frightened of this new User-warrior.
He looks over at Crom, who's anxious.
Suddenly a voice rings out from above.
The sound of GUARDS' running feet approaching their cells.
Suddenly, we hear a RUMBLING SOUND.
Suddenly Ram's fading glow begins to flow through their clasped hands into Flynn.
Horrified, Flynn tries to pull away, but Ram holds him fast.
Flynn watches in horror, frantically trying to reverse the flow, but it's too late.
There's a NOISE from above, and Tron looks up.
This is the building Tron was eyeing when we left him.
Tron pulls her close to him, sliding his hand up her arm, leaving a glowing trace, and her hands move up over his chest.
Flynn suddenly drops down to the floor.
His hands start to shake with the force of the communication beam, and suddenly the disk is ripped from his hands, to rise, glowing brilliantly, upwards to the source of the light.
He stops.
We can see Tron's back as he hears a noise.
He grabs her shoulder, pulling her against him...  they have to shout to be heard above the noise of the increasing beam.
Suddenly his whole body glows with the same intensity as the beam.
Suddenly another beam blasts out from his arm.
We can see Yori's anxious face to one side.
He faints.
Hanging onto a wall, he starts pulling his feet up to gain a precarious foothold.
Suddenly, a stronger LIGHT flashes on in the cell, the door opens, and we see Sark standing there, framed in the cell door.
Suddenly his hand goes right through the door.
He stops in horror.
Their faces are very close as he stares down, terrified that he is too late to save her.
Suddenly her eyes widen as her form returns to solidarity, and color floods back into her.
It wavers.
He hears a NOISE and turns...  and in a flash of light a speeding disk smashes into him, knocking him over.
It's horrible.
about to fire again.
Suddenly there is an explosion of static, as Flynn falls into the MCP.
He studies his hands -- and SEES that they're now nonluminescent flesh and blood.
PAN BACK TO Troy, faces the CAMERA, CLOSE, scared, then turns back to the dune and runs a few yards.
on the front of a Bradley pushes sand right TOWARD THE CAMERA DOLLY INTO five terrified Iraqis, eyes open with fear, as the sand rolls over them.
Vig drives as the Humvee speeds around the town square, zooming past scared Shiites in black robes, a few skinny dogs, a few bewildered Iraqi soldiers.
Iraqi soldiers look scared as the Humvee drives up, like it's going to hit them, and stops, flag fluttering in the breeze.
Five IRAQI SOLDIERS look disoriented and scared as they hold their hands up in the air.
Vig looks terrified as the crowd scatters, leaving him alone as he points his big unloaded pistol.
He lies down and breathes heavily with a hand on his chest.
An IRAQI SOLDIER steps into the corridor at the far end, sees Archie coming, looks terrified, and runs back.
Archie and Troy run right past the scared Iraqi.
Troy heads him off with his pistol -- The other rifle-loader stands looking scared.
The naked Shiite in glasses shakes.
Vig looks horrified as he watches.
Troy and Doc look nervous.
A cuffed Iraqi Guard kneels with a bleeding head.
CLOSE UP: BLOOD on the Iraqi Soldier's knuckles and wrists.
The soldier chases them with a knife and jabs at the man, cutting him, but not lethally.
The soldier drops the knife in the dirt.
Troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the Iraqi soldiers, who point their rifles back at Troy and Doc.
He looks terrified as his thumbs twitch on the triggers.
Ending on Troy wincing as he holds his chest.
A spider runs across it and gets stuck.
Vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining Iraqi soldiers who stand over eight terrified Shiites.
The soldiers get on their knees, pleading for mercy.
Suddenly, THE SOUND of an APPROACHING TANK.
Vig looks terrified as he drives.
A GUNSHOT RINGS OUT, a soldier is hit in the arm.
A Black Robed Figure walks right past Archie, takes a scared Shiite man by the arm and leads him to the side.
Chaos.
He screams at Vig, who looks scared.
The White Assistant shakes his head 'NO.'
They shake.
Suddenly Vig's pistol FIRES.
Vig looks scared as he drives the Infiniti straight toward the bunker.
They go to the rear door, pile up in the dark, pushing.
He approaches and kicks it repeatedly, without success.
Archie kicks in a door -- it is pitch black -- an emergency light flickers on and off -- revealing the two Iraqi torturers at the control table, where one tries to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- In flickering light -- Archie SHOOTS one Iraqi guard squarely in the chest, then the other -- the only SOUND IS THE GUN POPPING and the BULLETS TEARING into their bodies.
Vig gropes the sand for his glasses, crawling on his hands and knees with the dead Shiite on his back.
Archie cuts the fuse on the ball with his knife.
Troy and Doc look terrified.
Suddenly a RIFLE SHOT RINGS OUT, Troy jumps.
Doc looks sad and scared as he tries to turns Vig's head to help him breathe.
Huge relief comes over Troy's face as he breathes normally.
He is sweating with a fever and his arm hurts.
PAN TO - Troy suddenly drops to one knee.
Elsa suddenly slips.
A sleepy Kristoff and Sven travel alone through the dark woods.
Down below, the King holds a frightened Elsa.
Suddenly, a bunch of rocks tumble down the valley toward them.
In the Northern Lights display, the sharp spikes cause human figures to panic and attack Elsa.
Suddenly, her icy hands freeze the windowsill.
Elsa (now 12.) paces as she panics.
She falls back asleep while sitting.
-She shakes hands with a suit of armor.
Her hands shake.
Anna sees Hans's worried face.
Elsa gasps, spins around and reaches for the glove in panic.
GASPS of shock and fear sweep over the crowd.
The crowd panics.
Elsa flees.
She shivers.
The front door suddenly blows open and in walks a mass of a man covered in ice.
Sven suddenly stops, ears perked in alarm.
Kristoff stands, looks into the dark woods surrounding them.
Suddenly, he starts to slip.
Suddenly, a voice comes in from nowhere.
He suddenly looks up at Anna.
Anxiety runs high amongst the villagers and guests.
Suddenly they hear the alarmed whinny of Anna's horse.
Her muscles shake.
Elsa's fear, so strong, sucks the blizzard back into her and then it bursts out, unwittingly, like a sharp snowflake.
She falls to her knees.
Kristoff sees spiky ice shadows creeping down the walls.
He stops.
Suddenly, Kristoff's head pops up.
Stops.
Suddenly Anna is surrounded by trolls.
Anna shivers again, collapsing into Kristoff's arms.
Elsa flees to the top floor of her palace.
In two swift moves, Elsa traps one thug in a cage of spikes that threaten his neck.
She sees the men, frightened, moments from death.
She stops.
Elsa looks to Hans, overwhelmed, frightened.
Elsa looks to the storm with worry.
Anna shivers in Kristoff's arms.
Kristoff stands there with Sven for a beat, staring with worry at the closed gates.
He rubs his arms and shivers.
Elsa looks out at the storm that is devastating Arendelle, then hears the guards approaching.
They crack.
Anna shivers by the door.
The door handle suddenly jiggles.
Stops.
He panics, pushes the snow back in place.
Suddenly, the window blows open, cold wind sweeps in.
But they fight through.
He goes swirling off into the storm.
Suddenly, a mangled ship, risen by ice, capsizes   over them.
She clutches her chest.
But then he hears a faint-- Elsa struggles through her own storm, but the fear is consuming her.
A dark shadow approaches.
And with that, the swirling storm suddenly stops.
The mood is suddenly fast and urgent as a gurney is wheeled rapidly through the doors.
Suddenly, the conversation is interrupted by a shatteringly loud SCREAM, agonized and terrified, coming from the ER.
And freezes in terrified shock.
It's him that's screaming.
Fear has entered her life.
It is unclear due to distance but there is a lot of blood on the Soldier's body and uniform.
A huge FLAME leaps out of the lighter, producing an instant of terror from Terri.
A beat.
Then it gets wierder; the blood suddenly dissipates into six or seven little rivulets that begin to run down the pillar.
They all culminate at the point of Pinhead's chin - and then separate again, running over his frozen black face along the carved scar lines that make a matrix across his features.
Terri shrugs, gives a nervous smile.
The daylight street is still creepy but in a different way; No bums, no trash-can fires, nothing.
A sudden silence.
Suddenly, the dust around the box begins to move as if blown by an invisible wind.
Couples neck in shadowed corners.
Suddenly, horribly, the monster's eyes fly open and his frozen face stares down at the lovers.
A beat.
Suddenly - BAM! BIG SCARE MOMENT! - two blackened arms fly out from the center of the pillar and grab Sandy's gesturing arms.
Sandy screams in mortal terror.
He backs away to the opposite wall, face shocked, scared shitless.
JP flattened against the far wall, watches in horror as Sandy, held tight against the pillar, suffers a horrible death: Sandy's life-force is sucked from her.  Drawn into the pillar.
The wind keeps blowing through the room.
Suddenly ....  BRRRRRRRRR ... the phone rings.
Suddenly, one - and only one - of the monitors suffers a WHITE Joey glances up at the one ghosting monitor, puzzled - and then freezes in shock.
A noise begins to be heard OFF.
Fear vies with fascination in Joey's expression.
Vulnerable.
Terri flings herself backward, screaming in shock and fear.
Terri - safely feet away from the pillar - stands, shaking and breathless, eyes wide in horror and shock as she stares at this creature from nightmare.
And JP finally - for one brief second of terrifying clarity - realizes what's happening.
But she backs off slowly, sensuously, like an eager but nervous virgin bride ready for her groom.
Joey shrinks back in nervous shock at this direct address.
And gasps.
A beat.
Is it a street-gang attack?
Slow.
Pinhead surveys the scene before him and the terrified and awe- struck crowd look back at him.
He looks at the terrified humans.
Joey raises her head, bleary-eyed, and glances round the room trying to locate the source of the noise that has woken her.
CLOSE on Joey's face as she reacts in horror to what she is seeing.
Joey's eyes widen in horror as she speaks uselessly to the screen.
Joey has her hands at her mouth in horror.
CLOSE on a terrified face.
Well, that's enough of a direct threat for any officer of the law.
The cops turn, terrified, to look back.
Elder Cop stares in terror at his partner's fate.
His eyes show terror.
The fear in his eyes increases.
The chain pulls taut and then suddenly retracts into the darkness, hauling the Cop off his feet and dragging him along the alley into the blackness.
And pulls to a horrified stop.
It's on fire.
Suddenly, a CREAKING noise from behind her.
The mood is suddenly different after the frenzied drive across town.
Her manner makes the mood suddenly creepy.
Her eyes stare in horror as it ascends through the air.
Pinhead starts across the room.
Suddenly, a khaki-uniformed arm moves into shot and grasps Pinhead's hand, arm-wrestling style.
Shooting up from within and hooking themselves cruelly into the Officer's face and chest.
He's now a CENOBITE - blue-skinned, scarred, mutilated, and decorated with metal and leather.
Terri howls in terror, throws her hands to her face ...  and the Box flies from her hands.
A monster.
Her panic intensifies as we hear another CLICK and the water pressure increases.
Catherine shakes her head no.
The corridors are dark and most everyone has gone home.
Arms flailing, mouth gasping, eyes filled with dread.
The driver JUMPS, startled and frightened.
Novak looks into the dead white eyes of Anne Vicksey, trying to imagine the horrors she beheld.
She rolls down her window and can hear the poor thing whimpering.
Gravely concerned, Ramsey moves across the room.
She glimpses herself in the mirror and is startled by what she sees - a terrified girl.
Agent Stockwell turns to a worried Novak.
As a nervous NURSE exits, we see TWO POLICEMEN standing guard in the outer hallway.
Novak's worry intensifies.
Edward is frightened by what's happening and runs away.
The STAFF watches with a mixture of fear and curiosity as a stretcher bearing the catatonic Stargher is wheeled FAST through the corridors by an FBI escort team.
Miriam needs a moment to fully take in the scars.
Darkness.
She sits up, shivering, and breathes deeply, acclimating to her surroundings.
The frightened child retreats into a corner of the claustrophobic room, but the horse does not startle.
She runs, climbs and crawls.
She retreats into shadow, hiding.
Ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appears to "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets Catherine in the shadows, and ATTACKS!
And sees the terrifying face of STARGHER.
A worried Novak searches the halls of the Campbell Center.
This is difficult for her.
As the agent brings the frightened animal into the monitoring area, Catherine and Valentine share a moment of "connection."
Young Stargher is at the sink WASHING DISHES, an anxious eye on the clock.
The boy's eyes fill with dread.
FROM WITHIN THE CLOSET, she watches the terrified child through a CRACK in the door.
Young Stargher backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
Terrified, she shakes her head "no."
The poor boy trembles with fear.
She again hears the WEIRD NOISE.
Catherine backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
A wave of fear, of impending doom, overtakes Catherine.
CLOUDS hover above a dark, gloomy landscape dotted with hills.
And Novak crawls into darkness.
THING THROUGH HIS THROAT!
He so desperately wants her affection, but fear prevents him from reaching out to her.
Scared, he shakes his head "no."
Terrified, the boy searches for a place to hide.
And she is haunted by the sight of a frightened child in the arms of a monster...  Henry notices significant activity on the monitors.
Pale and sweating, he winces as his stomach agonizingly cramps.
Panicked, he scrambles to shore and pulls himself to land.
Shivering, he hunches down, eyes darting this way and that.
Young Stargher's eyes open wide with silent terror.
Over his shoulder, she sees a SNAKE slither through the pool.
For a moment, Catherine appears frightened and intimidated.
She SLASHES across his chest, drawing blood.
Dead.
And there it is: The abandoned farmhouse!
And disappears.
CRACK!
CRASH!
IN THE KITCHEN, Miriam packs up her stethoscope and blood pressure monitor, moves into the living room as Dorothy falls asleep in a field of poppies...  Catherine nods, but she's more interested in the movie.
He mumbles in smothered terror; he twitches.
William wants to run, but he can't get his body to respond... and the hanging nobleman, his bloated tongue still bursting through his lips, moans...  WILLIAM tears himself from sleep; looking around, swallowing back his tears and panic.
Red-headed CAMPBELL, scarred and missing fingers, is stirred up, while his friend MacCLANNOUGH is reluctant.
William has been awake all night, afraid to sleep.
On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is preparing them.
William moves down to the room where his uncle would be sleeping.
Wind rushes in, blowing out his candle.
William has a bundle of clothes in his lap, and glances at his uncle as if afraid of his disapproval if he looks back.
We are in the -- Longshanks is being listened to by his advisors, all in the outrageous splendor of royal military dress, and all deathly afraid of him.
He looks dangerous.
As they break their embrace, a figure carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken door of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes.
It's the soldier with the scar, the one who's been staring at her.
As the townspeople try to move in the three soldiers waiting their turn at Marion pull their knives, keep them townspeople back.
She shouts to warn him that the scarred soldier, now bloodyfaced, has recovered from the rock and is behind William with a knife.
Marion controls him, but a flap of her ripped dress has caught on a crude nail, and as the frightened horse lunges forward again, she is pulled off its bare back, her dress catching and ripping at the same time, dropping her hard.
We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his horse pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with their eyes white with fear...
The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too.
Wallace's eyes shift, falling on Marion's blood, in a dark dry splash by the wall of the well, the stain dripping down onto the dirt of the street.
The messenger spurs his horse to gallop through -- and is hit in the chest with an axe!
On his FACE as he moves grimly up a dark castle staircase.
lying on his new tartan, in camp, with Hamish shaking him, William's arms clutched empty to his chest.
Wallace and his friends are starting to panic.
Pickering's men panic and run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident by their torches, fell with them in all directions.
Talmadge has begun to panic. the Scots are carving their way through the English soldiers; nothing can stop them.
sees the Scottish nobles attacking.
The English soldiers are in utter panic, running and being cut down on all sides.
Suddenly the men on the other end of the table change their attack.
Suddenly Wallace turns his back and walks toward the door.
It rumbles ominously TOWARD CAMERA...  THE CIVILIAN PANIC CONTINUES as more people join the swell of those leaving York.
Suddenly they look up in horror; the English are throwing the bodies of hanged Scots over the wall.
He approaches the central table with great dread and places the basket on it, uncovering its contents.
Edward rushes toward the window in horror.
Most of those there are shocked.
And as they draw nearer, Wallace hears a haunting noise.
The crossbowmen are distracted from their reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleash the dogs, fear races through the English line.
Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's horse!
He wakes, and listens to a strange noise.
are the assassins, killing knives ready.
Wallace wakes suddenly; sunlight!
He sits by a palace hearth, where a huge blaze burns; still he's huddled beneath a blanket, and coughing blood.
We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the street and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek.
On the platform are a noose, a dissection table with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an enormous axe.
He's just a scared Puerto Rican kid! JOSE immediately rolls over and feigns sleep as SCARFACE, a menacing guard with a jagged scar running down his cheek, looms close to COLE's cage and unlocks it.
A surreal image of abandoned buildings.
A large SPIDER tries to hide from the light.
BLACKNESS.
And it's her beeper that suddenly BEEPS.
The TERRIFIED TRAVELER looks up at YOUNG COLE, makes eye contact, but doesn't speak.
His eyes adjusting to the darkness, COLE watches them exit.
COLE has become preoccupied with a small SPIDER creeping along the window sill.
Grabbing the SPIDER, COLE scrambles back into bed just as the door opens and an ORDERLY probes the dark room with the blade of his flashlight.
He attacks the nearest man.
She looks a little like RAILLY except for the dark hair, the make-up.
The room is dark now, except...  a slide is being projected on a torn screen.
The BRUNETTE runs up the concourse, her back to YOUNG COLE, as frightened PASSENGERS duck for cover, SHOUTING!
The walls of the gloomy chamber are damp, sweating.
DRIZZLING RAIN.
And SCREAMS.
COLE'S in a deep trench, naked, eyes wide with terror.
SUDDENLY, SHOTS RING OUT.
The AUDIENCE gives a nervous CHUCKLE.
RAILLY seems to be alone in the lot as she fishes keys from her purse, unlocks her car door, starts to open it when...  Suddenly, she's grabbed from behind in a choke-hold by a large shadowy MAN looming out of the darkness behind her.
RAILLY freezes, terrified, as he opens the rear door and scrambles in behind her.
RAILLY and COLE both react to the radio, suddenly alert.
RAILLY stares at him, then turns and is looking all around when, suddenly, COLE pulls her up tight and threatens...  ANGLE ON COLE, not listening, staring triumphantly!
RAILLY is considering her surroundings dubiously when, suddenly, COLE pulls her toward the mouth of a dark and forbidding alley.
Zipping his fly hastily, the SECOND THUG turns to deal with COLE but COLE attacks him.... rocking him again and again with savage blows that come one after another with lightning speed.
RAILLY reacts, sudden fear in her eyes.
He looms over her.
Then, suddenly, JEFFREY rushes to COLE and embraces him.
Panic.
Suddenly, he sees what he's looking for.
Disappeared.
Suddenly, the bedside phone RINGS.
CLOSE ON RAILLY, eager, concerned.
Is he crazy?
The knife clatters to the floor as WALLACE yelps in pain and COLE slams him to the floor, straddles his chest, retrieves the near-by knife, and presses it sharply against WALLACE'S neck.
RAILLY is pounding on the bathroom door now as, suddenly, it opens and COLE steps out, the knife in his right hand, dripping with blood.
In between nervous glances toward the door, RAILLY supervises as COLE obediently blocks the bathroom door with the bureau.
Turning, he faces the angry jaws of a BEAR only inches away Recovering from a jolt of terror, COLE realizes the BEAR is a life-size toy in the display window.
Looking at her laughing face, COLE is struck with horror as he realizes the truth!
MASON'S VOICE, plaintive, frightened.
He panics.
Suddenly, she backs up, gently maneuvering him with her, past the sleeping USHER, to and through an unlocked, unmarked door, then closing it behind them.
RAILLY'S POV:  the front page shows a photo of three frightened GIRAFFES in freeway gridlock under a headline proclaiming, "TERRORISTS CREATE CHAOS".
ANGLE ON RAZZLY, suddenly spotting DR.
PETERS, frightened, glancing back, walking faster.
A beat.
PETERS as frightened TRAVELERS SCREAM and dive for cover.
CRACK!
Suddenly, her gaze falls on YOUNG COLE and she reacts... she's found what she's looking for!
HIGH WIDE ON: TENS OF THOUSANDS of CHITAURI stand ready in a seething mass of neat rows and columns.... the ground simply Out in the NEW MEXICO desert, a remote research facility is in a state of panic.
CHAOS.
SELVIG clacks away at the keyboard and sees on the monitoring his worst nightmares.
Suddenly- the Tesseract THUNDERS and SHAKES the entire facility.
SHIELD GUARDS slowly approach, weapons in hands.
Loki jumps high from the platform and ATTACKS those firing at him.
He stops and waits to see who will attack him next.
Barton's eyes suddenly glow BLACK.
Loki, Barton, Selvig and the other S.H.I.E.L.D personnel are in the parking lot of the facility, quickly gathering certain weapons.
Then...  THE DESERT.
Out in the outskirts, near a railroad, a still in construction building is being occupied by GEORGI LUCHKOV, a LARGE, RUSSIAN GENERAL along with his THUGS.
Dialogue is in RUSSIAN.
Natasha is now scared.
Suddenly, WEASELLY THUG'S cell rings.
Like a spider, she stands up elegantly and starts ATTACKING TALL THUG by KICKBOXING him in the face.
Points to the energy in his chest plate.
As Pepper leaves with Agent Coulson, Tony grabs the Tesseract in holograph form, worried.
THE OTHER runs over to attack him, but stops as Loki points his scepter.
Steve walks up to Banner and shakes his hands.
Suddenly the HELICARRIER starts SHAKING as it prepares to fly "sail."
Banner, reluctantly shakes it.
He PLUNGES down the doctor's eye.
Suddenly, from Barton's instrument, a holographic eye of the head doctor appears and the image of the doctor appears on screen.
THUNDER.
I'll fly you there.
Tony and Banner shake hands.
An intelligence organization that fears intelligence?
Steve takes in the possibility, but as an obedient soldier, shakes it off.
Suddenly, he stops.
H.I.E.L.D monitors potential threat potential threats?
Threatening!
His voice has the change in it -- the bitter amusement is morphing to a growled threat.
She stops.
She stops.
Loki walks up to him and CROUCHES down to attack.
Loki stands there in caution, as does his GUARDING Suddenly, GUARDING SOLDIER falls down like a tree.
As he forces the knife down, she BITES his wrist.
Barton lets go of the knife.
A beat.
Natasha watches over him as Barton tries to shake off Loki's mind control.
A blinding BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on MJOLNIR.
Loki TAPS Tony on the chest with his scepter.
They and their weapons collide.
Suddenly, the city LURCHES to a stop.
They look up and see Loki taking his band down the street and FIRES at the street IN A TERRIFIED PEOPLE running from Loki, looking over their shoulders, coming straight at us.
TWO CHITAURI SOLDIERS attack.
She then JUMPS on the rider and STICKS her knives into his nervous system.
THE HULK jumps in, ready to attack.
As Thor takes the reins, a CHITAURI LEVIATHAN crashes through a building, knocking him down to where Cap is, fighting off SOLDIERS.
Suddenly, another 7 ALPHA 11 JET FLIES off.
He presses it.
PEPPER, along with her crew, watches on T.V., in horror, the destruction in NEW YORK.
Tony looks in horror.
We then see Tony's horror.
Suddenly, all of the CHITAURI SOLDIERS and CHITAURI LEVIATHANS KEEL OVER and begin to SHAKE, then stop.
Suddenly, a flashlight cuts open the darkness and we find ourselves in -- The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way across the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms as it spooled soot up the walls and ceiling leaving patterns of permanent shadow.
In blind panic, another airs his gun, the barrel, a fixed black hole -- And FIRES -- Trinity twists out of the way, the bullet missing as she reverses into a roundhouse kick, knocking the gun away.
He shakes his head, not completely sure what happened.
He hangs up.
The WIND suddenly BLASTS up the face of the building, knocking Neo off balance.
The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the dark sedan.
Wild with fear, he lunges for the door but the agents restrain him holding him in the chair.
It CONTINUES RINGING, building pressure in the room, forcing him up out of bed, sucking him in with an almost gravitational force.
He strides to Neo and they shake hands.
The mirror creeps up his neck as Neo begins to panic, tipping his head as though he were sinking into the mirror, trying to keep his mouth up.
Neo begins to drown when he is suddenly snatched from the flow of waste.
The wind is knocked from Neo's chest.
There are several disturbing NOISES as he works the needle in.
The room is dark.
Everyone is asleep.
Neo swallows another throat- scorching mouthful.
He hangs up.
Mouse's body thrashes against its harness as -- BULLETS POUND him against the blood-splattered brick window.
Cypher is carried out, hand-cuffed, his body still shaking, mucus bubbling out his nose.
He fires -- But Morpheus' is too fast, using the manhole cover as a shield, blocking the darts, then -- Frisbee-ing it into the cop's armored chest, knocking him off his feet.
Across the street is the burning paddy wagon that appears to have collided witli an oncoming car.
Dead machines, eviscerated and shrouded with dust lay on metal shelves like bodies in a morgue.
Cypher holds his chest.
She suddenly feels her body severed from her mind as she is murdered.
She turns to Neo, eyes wide with fear, and he knows he is next.
Cypher is on the ground, his left leg blown off at the knee.
She glares at him.
A dark wind blows.
They cut across the lobby drawing nervous glances.
Dark glasses, game faces.
He looks up the long, dark throat of the building and takes a deep breath.
Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly and slides open.
An enormous EXPLOSION THUNDERS above them, shaking the building.
Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used with the same deadly precision as their feet and their fists.
Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is behind him.
Marines, trying to communicate with the men on the roof, are beginning to panic when Agent Jones comes around the corner.
Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls.
Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain.
Both shaking, they hold each other again.
The Old Man is shaking, terrified.
He starts to turn from the edge of the building when he suddenly hears it, his head whipping back around, staring -- As the Old Man stares.
And this time Agent Smith's attack is too much, an unrelenting fury, fists pounding like jackhammers.
The Agent is about to jump down, and press his attack when he hears sonething.
Neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its emergency brake.
She pounds on his chest.
He steps out of the phone booth and starts walking, wearing a long black coat and dark glasses.
Suddenly, Sue Ann is hit by an errant rubber ball.
HOLD on David's shocked expression ...   MUSIC UP AS Betty's not sure what Del said, but the panic in his voice got through.
Del is facing her, tiny rivulets of blood running into his terrified eyes.
Wesley stands at his shoulder, still holding a handful of his hair, still poised with the knife.
A terrified SCREAM as the cake lands unceremoniously on the entryway.
A police car pulls up to Sue Ann's house.
Suddenly, she hits the gas and bolts off along the Oklahoma blacktop.
Charlie climbs down from the big rig and heads across the parking lot.
Merle SLAMS his hand down on the bar, scaring her.
She looks worried.
As they near Emergency the NOISE LEVEL picks up.
Betty walks toward her calmly, indifferent to the danger as Rosa pulls the gurney out of the ambulance herself.
She peels back the bandages over a huge chest wound.
Charlie POUNDS on the hood of the car, scaring Wesley.
Wesley is in the car, but he's too scared to tell Charlie, whose eyes are blazing.
A moment of silence as they drive.
They shake hands.
She stops.
Austere.
She's shaking with fear.
Suddenly a light snaps on for her and she stares at him.
Suddenly, she hears a familiar voice.
Betty nods, scared, and looks through the peephole.
He has trouble starting this.
It falls soundlessly onto his chest.
She looks at Roy in a slightly different way before crawling away toward the kitchen.
Lyla shakes her head "no." George and Betty sit across from one another in a booth.
Her large Victorian skirt spreads across the men's arms and backs, on her head a black bonnet, around her neck her pad and pen.
Sc 12     EXT     BEACH                         DAY     Sc 12 ADA is sheltering behind the crated piano, anxiety etched on her face.
FLORA  is asleep at her feet a half eaten biscuit in her hand ADA has found a gap through the crate so that she might lift the lid and play a few notes.
ADA is hand signaling a story to FLORA who lies back watching, nervous and afraid.
He walks to another chest She writes "clothes".
ADA gets worried, the piano is being left alone.
None of this is a concern to ADA who is distracted with fear for her piano.
BAINES and he are but small dots in this giant earth scar Sc 43     INT     BAINES' HUT                    DAY     Sc 43 Inside BAINES' hut the old man feels the piano.
It takes off under the house.
She is shy and nervous She turns to BAINES who nods.
BAINES moves close, he goes down on his knees to watch her feet on the pedals.
Then suddenly aware of her stillness he too becomes still.
She is surprised then anxious as she fears the deal may be off when there are flaw so few keys to go.
She looks over at the house suddenly aware that the piano playing has stopped again.
She stops.
BAINES' face crumples with the exquisite pain of his pleasure, ADA cradles his head to her chest.
BAINES struggles through her dress anxious to touch her skin.
There are sounds inside which are worrying him.
ADA is distracted, collecting her buttons from the floor, concerned at the time past, worried to dress and return.
Her movement and moans increase until she wakes suddenly sitting bolt upright.
His eyes well with tears and he looks up into her face like a child after a bad dream, fearful and trusting.
ADA sees where they are headed and suddenly she is very scared.
ADA blinks rigid with fear.
Her face is ashen, her eyes fearful as she walks unseeingly straight into a large tree stump.
STEWART wraps the finger in a white handkerchief and gives it to FLORA who backs away from him terrified.
A soft rain begins to fall.
It is raining hard as he rides out, hatless, shoeless and gunless, but clutching to his chest ADA's engraved key.
BAINES kneels in front of her shaking her.
BAINES stops shaking her, she scrambles away and out the door.
She looks back at him worried.
Suddenly be looks off in to the far distance.
Over her head she has a dark cloth, her voice makes low guttural sounds as it repeats the vowels.
(Hood.)
(Is it a ghost.)
WITH REVISION #5  (Goldenrod.)
November 4, 1987            November 23, 1987 WITH REVISION #4  (Yellow.)
We ARE LOOKING east past Inglewood INTO the orange grid of L.A. at night when suddenly we TILT UP TO CATCH the huge belly of a landing 747 -- the noise is deafening.
Suddenly, he hears -- McClane turns, looks at the Babbit clone next to him.
Caught, he tenses, holds his armrests in exaggerated fear.
McClane tries to get comfortable, scowls as a RUSTLING NOISE reveals wrappers and styrofoam from Taco Bell.
As he approaches the 30th floor we hear a tremendous THUMPING, THROBBING NOISE.
As the doors open the noise ATTACKS us.
Suddenly the other man pulls out a Walther pistol with a silencer and aims it at the Guard's forehead.
The killer moves behind the desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard.
It, too, is dead.
As they grow closer, we hear the noise of the speakers growing louder and louder.
Two terrorists, FRANCE and FRITZ, armed with M-5 machine guns searching the offices on the hall one by one.
The other terrorist, Franco, goes to Ellis' office and opens the door.
He's clearly scared but trying to fake courage.
CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Holly, concerned.
Suddenly he looks up at the ceiling and sees a sprinkler head.
Tony heads toward the noise.
McClane suddenly PISTOL WHIPS Tony across the head.
Tony REELS, then swallows, worried for the first time.
The Dispatcher looks critically at the Supervisor in the sudden silence.
Suddenly McClane turns a corner and sees Karl.
He turns out his lighter, and starts crawling.
The three terrorists rush down from the roof in hot pursuit, Karl leading the way through the door.
Suddenly the duct McClane is in GROANS slightly under his weight.
A lone police black-and-white pulls out of the shadows of a side street and begins a slow cruise toward the Nakatomi building.
Suddenly a tall terrorist, James, moves along the wall and looks over at Powell's car.
Suddenly Marco's body CRASHES onto the hood of his car.
Suddenly a barrage of MACHINE GUN FIRE from Alexander on the third floor drowns out his call!
A trailer is being backed into a parking lot, which will become the police center of operations.
What the hell?
An unmarked police car pulls up across the street from Nakatomi building and a MAN in a sportcoat climbs out.
He savors the dregs of his current number, then suddenly becomes aware of an almost EERIE QUIET.
Shadows move on trailer walls.
Suddenly rifle fire sounds from the building.
More shots ring out from the building going over the SWAT officers' heads and suddenly the huge dome of one of the spotlights shatters behind Mitchell and Robinson's head.
The two SWAT officers cutting the garage ate suddenly look up as their cover starts to disappear.
They look on in horror as the armored car sits helplessly on fire.
The hostages are shaken and the terrorists guarding them aren't too sure of themselves either.
Holly worries.
He suddenly REACTS to a GROAN from McClane.
Hands shaking, eyes filled with fear, he swallows, looks up at McClane and in a perfect American accent says: Hans' eyes dart towards: Where a tiny piece of his gun sticks out, barely visible.
The poor frightened civilian shows a hint of a smile.
Hans is still a "nervous wreck."
Hans nods, still "frightened".
As Thornburg GRINS we GO TO: Eddie and Uli are guarding the hostages.
The FBI guys look at the dark building, than at the LAPD guys.
Suddenly a GUN BARREL is pressed against his head.
Uli herds the hostages up onto the roof, pushing the last few out.
They float toward us, hugging the street, their prop wash shaking the trees.
The overtaxed metal SNAPS, links flying: Hans' face registers his horror as he and most of the watch suddenly drop.
Smoke drifts up from what has suddenly become the top floor.
As the crowd panics trying to escape, Karl locks eyes with McClane and levels his gun.
Suddenly McClane and Holly squint as LIGHTS pan onto them.
This causes a few nervous glances in the room.
The basic outfitting is masculine enough, but the room is full of feminine little accents; flowers in vases, porcelain desk accessories etc. Donovan is slightly overwhelmed.
Suddenly, there's a voice at the door.
Sprawled across him asleep is a MEXICAN WOMAN in her late twenties.
Vaughn shakes it and nods.
On Hayes' look, we...  It's dark.
Everyone's asleep.
Suddenly Hayes, in his pajamas and bare feet comes streaking toward the starting line in hot pursuit.
He plays them off to his left side a bit, almost as if he's afraid to get bit by them.
Vaughn's hand freezes on his locker latch, afraid to open it now.
taking a hard ground ball off the chest.
Even at this size we can tell it scares the hell out of him, but it works its magic.
Suddenly, his reverie is interrupted by the sound of applause.
Suddenly the silence is shattered by a loud explosive SOUND, scaring the hell out of everybody.
It's outside.
He goes up the stairs and knocks on the door.
He shakes anyway.
He's worried.
Vaughn shakes his head no.
He emerges onto the box level to see Lynn disappearing down the ramp toward the parking lot. in the parking lot.
Both are winded.
blowing fast balls by hitter.
He's hurting.
hitting a prodigious home run onto the roof.
Most of the other players are asleep after a late night of partying.
The two shake hands.
We take CUTS of worried faces on the bench.
Vaughn nods, but we can tell he's too nervous to have digested any of that.
Vaughn watches him come with fear and trepidation.
Vaughn shakes it off.
Vaughn shakes it off.
The first baseman looks up to see something that strikes fear into his heart across the field.
Atop him...  she straddles his chest... her breasts in his face.
She arches her back...  her hips grind... her breasts are high...  Her back arches back... back...  her head tilts back... she extends her arms...  the right arm comes down suddenly...  the steel flashes...  his throat is white...
It is more a mansion than a house.
A beat.
It hangs there.
And she is suddenly out of the bedroom.
They watch her.
He watches her.
They watch him.
MARTIN NILSEN  is suddenly there.
Beth Gardner, the police psychologist, is suddenly there.
He sits in an unmarked police car on a hillside above the house, watching.
She suddenly starts speeding up on this dangerous road, cutting in and out, passing cars very fast.
He watches.
Blackness.
He stops.
He pulls up to the house, gets out of his unmarked police car.
The door suddenly opens.
He watches her.
He watches her.
He storms into the big room.
He hangs it up.
They watch him.
She stops.
He watches her.
She turns suddenly.
He watches her.
It is large, dark, shadowy It was once the sacristy.
He watches.
Atop him...  she leans close over his face, her tongue in his mouth... kneeling over him...  she moves his arms above his head... moves higher atop him...  her breasts in his face... she reaches over to the side...  a white silk scarf is in her hand... she moves higher above him...  kneeling over his face... moving oh-so-slightly...  his face strains towards her.
And he is inside her...  her arms above him... his eyes open...  she kisses his neck... bites but not hard...   moves... grinding hard against him now.. she is on her knees...  head arches back.. her breasts high.. still grinding.
It is dark, quiet.
She startles him.
He lies on the bed in the dark, quiet room.
He wakes up.
A beat.
He watches her.
He hurls himself across the Porsche's hood...  barely avoiding the car.
She is dead.
They shake hands with him.
Nick is driving down winding road to Stinson house.
He watches her.
She watches him.
The apartment is dark.
She is startled.
He starts going up the dark stairway.
Gus is suddenly there, onway to his car.
It stops.
It stops.
He is dead.
He spins suddenly, gun, in hand.
She is hit in the chest, goes down.
And she dies.
There are flecks of blood on it.
He hangs up.
He starts to walk up the dark stairway, we see him walking up several flights of steps.
The apartment is dark.
Beat.
Weir's eyes grow large with fear and then the anaesthesia hits.
Weir reaches out to touch her shoulder, then pulls his hand back, afraid.
He is drowning.
He presses against the glass of the tank, trying to force it open, panicked.
The crew surrounds him, concerned.
The cluster buckles under the stress.
The corridor ends at a pressure door.
She never saw the horror behind her.
The gravity wave surges forward, blowing out emergency lights as it comes, flotsam and jetsam swirling in its wake... Data floods Miller's workstation, flashing across the screen too fast for comprehension...
Miller tries to get his bearings in the dark.
The darkness of the Core ripples...  Justin suddenly emerges from the darkness, a white figure riding a wave of impenetrable blackness.
An emergency klaxon RINGS out: PRESSURE WARNING.
Beat.
Miller follows Weir's gaze to the wall: a Rorschach test in blood...  PULL BACK from the bridge windows TO REVEAL...
It glistens with blood.
Beat.
Beat.
Comatose.
She GASPS.
The Airlock light turns red -- a warning.
Suddenly, the lights fade out.
She speaks again, no longer far away, but a close WHISPER in his ear: Weir's eyes open wide in hope and fear.
The scalpel falls from his hands.
Beat.
He tries to shake her off, but she traps his arm in a wrist-lock.
Afraid to breathe.
Weir shakes the trance.
Peters' voice barely penetrates the pressure door: Justin turns off the artificial gravity.
A yellow warning light flashes.
A warning klaxon WHOOPS, deafening.
She is dead.
FIRES.
A web of cracks spreads out from the bullet, the glass SHRIEKING under the pressure.
Beat.
Miller attacks.
A dark sphere of energy spreads out from the containment as the gateway opens...
MOVE towards the ship until its shadow consumes all...  Starck awakens but the SCREAMS continue as the Event Horizon calls out to her... she SCREAMS...  hands on her body... the CRIES stop...  Starck looks around uncomprehending at the faces around her. Cooper pushes them aside.
O.S. we hear a faint rattling noise from somewhere in the house.
She quickly hangs up the phone before the silence can be broken by the voice she knows is waiting on the other end.
Jill is terrified.
She starts to shake.
Although his face is hidden in shadows, we can see from his hands that he is engaged in writing something down.
Clifford stands and they shake hands.
It looks like a nervous facial movement.
Garber stops suddenly, stunned.
A car pulls into the parking lot behind the station.
Across the street in a dark space between two buildings, Duncan is waiting, watching the front door of the bar to see who comes out.
She is starting to come apart, and she suddenly leans on Clifford for support.
Tracy looks at him for a breathless moment, her eyes wild with fear.
Then she screams.
He is frightened, but he feels safe for now.
We can't tell what he is thinking, except that he's obviously deeply frightened and cannot understand what's happening to him.
The "chit-chit" noises grow steadily louder as the boy's apprehension turns to fear, then to terror.
Suddenly, we cut back to a WIDE SHOT of the room.
Then, just as suddenly, the boy starts wailing again and he runs off down the alleyway.
He's sleeping, but his eyes suddenly open, sensing danger.
He is but six or seven bodies away when Duncan jumps up suddenly and bolts for the door.
Duncan flees through a narrow door off to the side of the church.
Duncan is hidden deep in the shadows of a nook between two buildings, catching his breath.
They shake warmly.
A wall phone in the kitchen starts to ring.
John stops suddenly.
She is shaking and sobbing uncontrollably.
The children are in bed, asleep.
June closes her eyes and immediately falls back to sleep.
She is shocked.
John is fast asleep next to her, on his side facing away from her.
Suddenly, the lights go out.
He closes his eyes and is asleep.
John is still asleep facing the wall.
Her eyes still riveted to the door, Jill grabs her husband's shoulder and shakes him, her voice cracking with fear.
Duncan, the hideous and terrifying sound of his madness grumbling out of his throat, manages to grab the back of her nightgown.
Duncan is on her in a flash, clutching at her and moving his hands for her throat.
He is dead.
Pete, covering his worry well, drives onto the lot.
Nearly out of breath and panicking, Pete shucks off the jacket and heads for the surface.
Everything shakes.
Beat.
There's a noise offscreen, and Lardner looks up.
Beat.
He starts kissing her neck, and she suddenly realizes -- she's stopped hiccuping.
Halfway down, she stops suddenly and stares at Luke.
Adele's staring at Luke, Lardner's staring at Luke, and Luke's getting nervous.
Caesar and Coca are involved in an intricate bit of business, and Lardner wants to laugh, but he's afraid to.
The rickety old upright is tinny-sounding and slightly out- of-tune.
Suddenly...  LUKE'S A GHOST!!
He raises his arms and plays the bogeyman for the kids, who scream in mock terror and scatter, as Harry and Adele laugh.
Luke tenses...  the building starts shaking... and the train passes by behind the theater.
"B-I-J-O-U" is proudly emblazoned across his chest in gold brocaded letters.
His eyes lock upon Suddenly, all of Pete Appleton's worries have come crashing down on him...  ... because he remembers...
Luke, gripped by a sudden fear, rushes up the aisle and into the lobby.
Doc Lardner has a stethoscope to his chest.
Now, there's nothing in the least bit threatening about the gathering -- and that's what's so disturbing about it.
Shock.
Rory's getting worried.
Adele breathes a sigh of relief.
He stops suddenly.
Pete's terrified, but in control.
Silence in the room.
We BOOM UP TO THE TOP OF THE THEATER, and the "BIJOU" sign...  ... as the train RUMBLES BY behind the theater...  ... and the "J" teeters loose and swings by a thread...  ... and we IRIS DOWN ON IT AND.... Above Midtown section of the city.
Suddenly, we tip downward, go to the narrow space between shade and sill, peep into the room.
Lowery is a pleasant, worried-faced man, big and a trifle pompous.
Mary watches the entire exchange with a look of stony horror on her face.
Mary looks worried about having to make this stop, keeps her face turned away from the shack, not wishing it to be seen.
She is disturbed and angry and frightened at her inability to act normally under the pressure of guilt.
She suddenly turns off the highway.
She stares at the papers, turns away, as if what she is fearing would have to be impossible, then, having to satisfy herself, goes to the stand, drops a dime in the iron slot, picks up a LOS ANGELES newspaper, starts back into the car lot as she glances worried at the front page.
She looks at him, in near panic, wanting to skip the whole thing.
All these panic-fears rush her mind and she can do nothing.
He pauses a moment, then drives across the lot, passing the office, going on to the other exit, stops there as Mary's car is driven back onto the lot.
CAMERA IS CLOSE on Mary's face now, recording her anxiety, her fears.
The oncoming headlights blurt at her. Suddenly we HEAR Lowery's voice, loud now and frightened, as if the anxiety in the man's voice was strong enough to break through Mary's effort to keep her mind silent and her imagination blank.
She is becoming aware of the rain starting.
She presses down, forces the car to move on through the flooded road.
A look of pure horror erupts in her face.
A low terrible groan begins to rise up out of her throat.
The CAMERA now moves away over to the window and looks up to the house, and as it gets there we HEAR, coming from within the house, the SOUND of Norman's fearful, shocked voice.
He dashes into an extreme close up and we see the terror and fear ripe in his face.
He works carefully, with his arms extended away from his body, slowly pulls the dead body out of the tub, drags it across the tile floor and onto the spread-out shower curtain in the bedroom.
Then he picks up the wrapped body, crosses to the door, uses his foot to pull the door open, and, leaving the door open behind him, goes quickly across the porch and gently lays the body in the trunk.
Suddenly there is the LOW, THROBBING SOUND of a motor.
Norman begins to panic, he steps dangerously close, pushes with his foot.
Lila studies him with a quiet, worried expression.
As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying him intently as she says: Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hostile expression on Lila's face.
She stops, the anxiety and fear building up in her, her eyes beginning to fill with worried tears.
Norman switches on the overhead light, starts for the linen closet, suddenly pauses, turns, studies Arbogast, who has remained standing by the door.
The house is dark within except, as we can now see, for a faint spill of light in the foyer, light which comes from the upstairs hall.
The knife slashes across his cheek and neck.
Blood spurts.
The sudden attack throws him off balance.
A wicked knife keeps thrusting itself into the foreground.
She turns and again looks to the deserted street with a touch of anxiety.
He is still.
We see Lila's desperate anxious look.
A dark, quiet, tree-ceilinged street, the small neat houses dim in the moonlight.
Suddenly he rises, starts quickly out of the room, tries to switch off the lamp as he goes and in so doing succeeds only in knocking the bird off the shade.
Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts toward the church.
As the truck drives off, For a moment, both are silent; Sam watching the road as if there were other cars on it, Lila staring at nothing in particular, except perhaps her own inner fear.
He has pulled the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down at the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who is standing by the truck and looking up at the house.
We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of panic and his struggle to contain it.
The CAMERA approaching the house.
She goes to it, knocks lightly.
He is close to panic now.
Something self-assured and confident in Sam's tone gives Norman a new, more terrified alarm.
He looks back at Sam and there is terror in his voice.
For a moment Lila panics, then she hurries down the steps, cannot go in the direction of the front door, remembers the stairway behind her, turns and runs in that direction.
His footsteps on the stairs followed by the fast noises of doors opening, of fast moving about an upstairs room.
Lila calls a harsh, frightened whisper.
Lila looks at it in horror.
The terrified, fight-to-the-death look of Sam.
The scene has a bright glare about it, that quality of sudden light thrown on a fearful darkness.
The Police Guard, carrying the blanket, comes down this corridor, goes to the door.
The Police Guard has placed the blanket on Norman's knees.
Suddenly, A GIANT YELLOW FROG jumps onto the keyboard, fritzing the monitor.
He carries a terrible battle scar oon his face.
are stunned.
Now Zim attacks.
Zim sweeps Shujumi's legs, puts a knee in the little man's throat.
Zim yanks the knife out of the post.
The two late cadets are terrified.
The recruits stare in horror.
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
They start to caress again when suddenly ALARMS sound.
Dizzy is suddenly standing next to him.
Around the room there's singing and dancing, a mad sort of revelry bred of fear and excitement, but nearby a VETERAN drinks alone.
Each has a similiar scar: Lightning bolts on a shield and the words:	DEATH FROM ABOVE. of every class maneuver in tight orbit around the orange planet.
Johnny touches down, stares in horror as Kitten Smith's head rolls past his fee.
stare at the BATTLE-SCARED STARSHIPS and BURNT-OUT HULKS that line the docks of Ticonderoga.
Johnny's wounds are now mostly scars except for his leg where delicate robotic arms culture layers of new tissue.
There are scars, power prosthetics, and one, big SUGAR WATKINS, 26, wears a bug claw on a chain around his neck.
Horrified, knee-deep Roughnecks set them afire.
Suddenly, the ground collapses under Rasczak.
holds Dizzy in his arms, drenched in her blood, fighting G-forces as the boats heads for orbit.
Carmen touches the scar over her eye.
Suddenly, everyone has someplace to go.
She's right out of Tereshkova, and she looks scared.
PANICKED CREW shoving, screaming, fighting.
The warriors holding Carmen threaten.
Kay and Dee move past him and approach the row of nervous immigrants.
From behind Mikey, they hear a terrified GASP.
Janus freezes, terrified.
He jabs a finger into Janus' chest.
The Perp, now straddled by Edwards, is terrified.
The Perp SCREAMS inhumanly and panics.
At the sound of Kay's voice, Jeebs suddenly pales, a look of fear coming over his face.
Jeebs, panicked, hits a button on the underside of the counter, which promptly flips over, revealing yet another dusty shelf, piled high with junk -- -- but this is all alien junk.
Kay raises the weapon again, threatening.
Edgar staggers back a step, terrified.
BEATRICE sits at the kitchen table, terrified, still wiping away tears from Edgar's diatribe.
She looks up at him, anxious.
Frightened, she takes a glass of water from the table.
Stillness.
The morning light spills on an abundance of spiders, crawling everywhere -- big ones, small ones, hundreds of them have moved in and taken over this dusty place.
LETHAL GAS starts to HISS from the end of the hose.
For the first time since we've seen him, Kay is nervous.
Redgick gets out of the car, worried.
He heads into Leshko's, a Russian diner.
Rosenberg and the Arquillian freeze, paralyzed with fear.
ROSENBERG'S CAT, still on his chest, MEOWS curiously as the stretcher approaches two doors with "City Morgue" written across them.
In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her head in her arms.
Suddenly, the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently.
sinking her hands into the body as she moves things aside.
Inside the van, the ornate rosewood box is now battered and scarred, its various locks holding tight against EDGAR's repeated attempts to claw his way into it.
In the morgue, LAUREL is working at a desk when suddenly ROSENBERG'S CAT leaps up onto it from nowhere, the way cats do, landing right in the middle of the file she's studying.
Suddenly, quick as a gunfighter, Tony SNAPS the fly swatter down on a BUZZING FLY.
He's dead, a frozen look of terror on his face and the can of Raid still clutched in his hand.
ORION the cat suddenly attacks, leaping off the top of the cabinet and landing on Edgar, HISSING and scratching and clawing for all she's worth.
He's running from cab to cab, pounding on windows, scaring the living shit out of people -- -- but Laurel and Edgar are nowhere to be found.
Jay, terrified, holds on for dear life.
JAY looks on, in stunned horror...  AS THE BUG TURNS TO JAY AND STRETCHES TO ITS FULL HEIGHT and lets loose a Laurel is still watching.
ON THE BUG.
STANLEY looks down at his LAP in horror.
He chuckles...  Suddenly his view of the street DISAPPEARS.
He jumps back inside, waits, opens the door again...  His eyes widen in horror as he steps out to survey the scene.
She's overcome with emotion.
She hears a sudden GASP from the kitchen.
STU is suddenly aware of something LONG, RED, and WET unrolling onto his shoulder.
STU is giving chase when - suddenly - a DOOR blows open in the chill night wind.
STU backs away involuntarily, with a mounting sense of dread... and MONKEYBONE jumps into his arms, clinging to him fearfully.
MONKEYBONE scurries alongside, terrified.
MONKEYBONE cowers in fear as the REAPER gets up, shaking a fist at them.
The REAPER, scared shitless, jumps back on his bike and PEDALS OFF as the ball whizzes past.
Her hand goes to her mouth in horror and grief.
The ORB is where nightmares happen.
The DARKTOWNERS are rubbing their hands together in anticipation of horrors to come.
STU looks from one misshapen face to the next, his heart pounding with dread.
And the BACKGROUND behind her MORPHS suddenly into...
It's obvious that the nightmares they're watching are more than mere entertainment - they get some kind of addictive, visceral charge from the spectacle of human terror.
STU breaks free and FLINGS HIMSELF on the ORB - which SHORTS OUT in a haze of smoke and sparks, abruptly ending the nightmare.
The group exchanges nervous glances: it's risky.
Panic time!
MONKEYBONE covers both eyes and wails in fear.
It's STU'S PAINTING - the one ALICE found in the closet, the wolf-surgeon canvas from his scary period - - and as the bicycle SLAMS INTO IT, it begins to TOPPLE OVER - PINNING STU against the ground underneath!
Terrified, she rolls out of the way.
The house is crawling with PRESS.
He can't move anything except his EYES; he looks right, left, up, down...  ...and suddenly he sees HYPNOS winking into view directly in front of him!
STU-BONE sits up suddenly in bed.
A LIGHT goes on suddenly in the outside hallway!
A purple cloud of NIGHTMARE GAS hits BUSTER in the face.
Disheveled but triumphant, STU-BONE stands up, pounds his chest with both fists, and lets out a Tarzanian ROAR.
The Dark Town audience is scratching its collective head at Buster's dream, which is showing in one of HYP'S NIGHTMARE ORBS.
He finds KITTY hunched in the corner on all fours, surrounded by blood and tufts of fur and an abandoned GUARD'S HAT.
They hear FOOD raining down behind them.
The nightmare drug is kicking in!
He's PSYCHOTIC: The three women exchange looks of stupefied HORROR.
Suddenly he notices the COPS marching up with JULIE, O.D. STU and co. in tow.
He freezes, terrified - BACKS AWAY from the BABE - - and catches a BAT IN THE FACE.
He manages to grab ONE END of the liver - but a TIGER gets the other end - - and it's a TUG-OF-WAR until the tiger BITES the liver in half, sending the terrified SURGEON sprawling on the pavement outside the bars!
When the punchbowl strikes, he GOES DOWN HARD, PITCHING the ice chest...  ... at a pair of COPS who are over by the pinata, loading CONFISCATED MONKEYBONE DOLLS into a SHOPPING CART.
The ICE CHEST knocks them off their feet - and sends the SHOPPING CART rolling downhill!
JULIE et al SCREAM IN HORROR as the two bodies plunge earthward.
... and falling and falling until they SMACK INTO the hot asphalt of the parking lot, the deflated balloon settling over them like a shroud.
A BUNCH OF FRIGHTENED DARKTOWNERS pitch the quivering satyr out into the middle of the town square.
Suddenly, the light within goes out.
Camera arcs quickly around from over his shoulder to hold on door behind him, missing his face as he rises and turns to confront Miss Anderson, who has come into the room to shoo him out.
He shakes him.
Leland's head is seen to turn slightly as he looks into Kane's face - camera very close on this - Kane turns to him and we know their eyes have met, although their faces are almost in sillhouette.
As camera pulls back over shoulder of official, taking in Kane, Leland, and Bernstein, we see the bustle and noise of departing ocean liner.
More staff members in shirt sleeves in a state of panic.
A little blood flows.
He stops.
Kane is perplexed and worried, but we can see in a moment his mind will be on something else.
He stops himself.
The curtain starts to rise - the camera with it - the blinding glare of the foots moves up Susan's body and hits her face.
The street is wet - after a recent rain.
He bites his lip and rubs his knee again.
It's in moderate disorder.
Kane, with soaped hands, has rubbed his face and now cannot open his eyes, for fear of getting soap in them.
We see the same tableau as before - the terrified and trembling Susan, the apprehensive principals, the maids and singing teachers, the stage hands.
Beyond her, we see the prompter's box, containing the anxious face of the prompter.
Suddenly he starts to applaud furiously.
Susan, in a nightgown, is in bed, asleep.
She shivers.
The housekeeper, Mrs. Tinsdall, and a couple of maids are near the door but are too afraid to be in front of it.
Kane gives the glass ball a gentle shake and starts another snowstorm.
Kane shakes the ball again.
Something's wrong, then: the woman's body in an unnatural position, more thrown than laid across the bed.
Haunted eyes.
The third man - not much more than a KID, visibly frightened - backs towards the door.
The Kid freezes, his frightened BREATHS almost enough to drown the sound out.
Urban armor, scarred by countless nights of service.
Trevor stands his ground, not flinching at Max's threat.
She speaks with a Russian accent - smiling, a little nervous.
Russian Mob.
Natasha continues to TALK, her Russian anxious as Mona's bodyguards push through the crowd.
Max fights his way down a dark hall, searching the shadowed faces he passes.
As Max strains to see detail in the dark room, a face materializes in the haze: cheeks laced with tattoos, eyes twinkling flames sunk in deep shadow.
Natasha walks down a dark, desolate block, the sound of her HEELS echoing off of the crumbling buildings around her. Her eyes are still wild, her stride quick and aggressive.
The sound of much larger BEATING WINGS fills the alley...  Eyes wide with terror, Natasha searches for something in the shapes cast by the moths, dread deepening as she finds it: Natasha CRIES OUT, stumbling back.
She suddenly stops running...
Blood drips down the walls, shadows teem with movement...
The double doors fly open onto a massive office - dark wood panelling, a wall of windows glowing white from the snow.
BB stands beside him, anxious.
Unseen by Max, something moves in the shadows behind him...  long black shadows billow from the Figure's shoulders... Max backs away from the corner, deeper into the dark alley where three SHAPES are surging forward to meet him...  Max dodges, but his pistol's KNOCKED to the pavement.
He doesn't seem to hear - sweat streams down his terrified face, snowflakes frosting the perspiration on his chest.
Owen's eyes are instead drawn through the open windows...  Oblivious to the shapes outside, Max and Mona watch Owen's terror intensify, his dervish dance growing more frantic... Outside every window, BLACK SHAPES float closer in the air above the street - vaguely human, long wings POUNDING...  ...sending gusts of wind ripping through the windows, kicking up snow and ice.
Max runs his thumbnail into the gap, spreading glue CRACKLING - he flinches, almost afraid to cause the book pain.
He stops.
Blood spatters his gaunt face, but those eyes never change...  Straining, he moves the knife's tip closer to Max's belly... Max jams the barrel under the Junkie's leering jaw and PULLS THE TRIGGER.
The cop's eyes are wide with panic.
Peeking through the snow at Max's feet, an extension cord snakes under the shivering cop's legs and down the corridor.
Before he can fire again, Max pounces on the cop, driving a knee into his chest and wrenching the pistol away.
Jason Colvin approaches the desk, nervously watching the shadowed figure of Nicole Horne read through a document.
With dread, he reads a note below the drawing: The hypnotic motion of the train begins to change, the rhythm of the RAILS faltering a little.
The train rapidly loses speed...  life as the passengers' eyes adjust to the dark car... snow, covering the embankments along the railroad tracks and the broken-down houses in the distance.
Hell.
Colvin looks up, Max's words suddenly scarier than the gun.
Colvin's eyes show real terror.
Colvin begins to struggle harder than ever, but his fear isn't directed at the man with the gun standing over him.
The Guards.
The Guards chase after Max, slowed by the panicking crowd... Exhausted, Bravura plods up steps to a landing.
Suddenly, AUTOMATIC WEAPONS erupt nearby.
Suddenly, the metal door flies open, BANGING at the stop.
Lupino drives his knee into Max's chest.
The sudden shift in momentum pitches Lupino back.
In that instant, Max pulls the knife from his own shoulder and buries it to the hilt in Lupino's stomach.
Max clamps his hand over Lupino's throat, using his grip to force the knife deeper.
Lupino looks down at the knife in his stomach.
A stranger.
Intermittently, the lights go dark, the power faltering.
Desperation, panic move his limbs, but for nothing.
He kneels down over Max, whose body keeps shaking.
Max pushes their hands away, his strength suddenly regained.
The Ranking Officer and the Agent shake hands.
The big man scowls, nervous.
By Salle's face, that's a thought scarier than Max.
The giant glass-walled penthouse office of the Aesir building sits above the storm clouds.
They hesitate, form ranks...  ...and the frightened Guards charge into the great room.
Suddenly, bullets RIP through the Guards from behind.
Awaiting the next horror, Max is shocked by something else: White light splits open the smoke, cutting the black in two.
Suddenly, BOOT STEPS ring up the hallway behind Mona.
A shower of bullets strikes the doors as he steps outside.
BB watches Max's preparations, terror growing.
Unable to resist his panic, BB abruptly tries on a helpless smile.
A stiff wind buffets against his chest, forcing his unsteady legs to sway a little.
The people stop in their tracks and look up in the sky in terror.
There is cold, frozen fear in their eyes.
He is held terror-stricken.
As he stares at the ship with fascination and horror.
His mouth twitches and he emits a nervous little laugh.
OUR CAMERA MOVES IN to MED.
SHOT.
They are clearly frightened of what he may do.
None of the men has been harmed, but their faces show the utter terror of what they have experienced.
Sudden pandemonium breaks out.
Utterly terrified by what they have witnessed, the crowd becomes a wild, milling, screaming mob, concerned only with escape.
Standing by the debris of his tank, the man is immobilized with terror.
They are uncertain as to what they should do.
The door to the corridor opens and a worried young Captain enters.
Terrified, the M.P. turns to the nurse, who is standing in the doorway.
Their faces reveal their awestruck terror.
7. A terrified mother drags her two children in from the street through the front door, slams the door and bolts it.
She is fond of him, and she can't help being curious and concerned about his brush with the police.
He appears impatient, anxious to get going.
As he watches, a Jeep filled with armed soldiers -- apparently regular patrol -- drives up to the entrance of the building.
Suddenly he sees Klaatu again.
Suddenly, inside the building behind them, the giant figure of Gort looms silently in the doorway.
As he watches Klaatu enter the building, his curiosity conquers his fear and he starts tremblingly toward the structure.
as Bobby approaches the door, fearful but fascinated.
Suddenly a wave of sheer terror sweeps over him.
Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by an appeal to logic.
She is nervous and uneasy but obviously can't refuse.
Nervous and distracted, Helen doesn't want to get caught up in this jam.
Helen is terrified.
People carne pouring up the stairs wildly, feverishly anxious to escape the darkness below.
The other is seated at his wheel, looking around in awe and terror, his tough Manhattan heart shaken.
Staring bug-eyed at the strange street scene, the woman mutters some terror-stricken comment in Russian.
Suddenly and without warning, the elevator starts moving and the lights go on.
The look of concern on Klaatu's face heightens Helen's overwhelming fear and uncertainty.
Helen turns and starts determinedly for the lobby door, followed by Klaatu, as we-- Helen is nervous and worried as she speaks into the phone.
It is 6:00 P.M. and growing dark outside, but the lights are not on.
The secretary is getting out a telephone directory when the corridor door opens and Helen enters, tense and nervous.
Suddenly he has revealed himself, naked and distasteful.
Nervous and edgy, Helen glances at her watch impatiently.
A jeep filled with armed soldiers is moving down the street at a fast clip.
The trucks are filled with armed soldiers.
On this street also an armed convoy is racing by, headed by a Jeep mounting a .30
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
A C. and R. car is parked in the side street, facing the intersection, its occupants armed and helmeted.
shooting through the window at Helen and Klaatu, who are growing more tense and nervous.
He is dead.
And she disappears.
As he stops and looks up at the robot, his eyes go wide with terror.
Hurrying along a footpath, nervous and distraught, she pauses for a moment, looking at the entrance of the building.
as she stops advancing, rooted to the spot in fear.
Her eyes go wide with terror as she realizes she's trapped.
Too terrified to move, Helen watches as he busies himself with the apparatus.
Unable to guess the reason for these preparations, she is gripped with a terrible fear.
Helen rushes to the door and searches frantically for the knob -- only to find, to her terror, that there is none.
A squad of armed soldiers, led by the lieutenant, is admitted to the corridor by a Police guard and they start marching down the corridor toward a cell at the far end.
Alone in the cabin, Helen is still terrified.
shooting from the outside, near the front entrance to the building, through a window into the main room where the Police Sergeant's desk is.
From a socket in the wall he pulls a strange-looking hypodermic needle on the end of a cord or tube and gives Klaatu a shot in the arm.
Then, as they watch, there is a sudden gasp of terror.
The normal blinking of his piercing eyes as he gazes imperturbably at the audience is his only movement. of four delegates, reflecting their stark terror and bewilderment.
Something bad is happening in this house...  It's a Sikorski skimming across the water of Biscayne Bay on a moonlit night at living-room level past stilt houses.
Approaching is "Miss Ukraine."
They watch.
Two Russian slickster types.
Our two "Russians" approach from their Cadillac with a backup Cadillac and one driver on the other side.
As the two "Russians" get into theirs, Aryan Brother #1 turns from the running board of the Escalade with his driver's door open.
For the Russians in the car, time freezes.
JEAN-LOUIS BASTIDE, a Haitian in dark sweats.
approach the two deep V-hull go-fast boats with three engines off the back.
They're cautious.
approach their door.
One of her Russians is.
They defer to the Russian-speaking security.
Russians are ex-KGB.
Languages overheard:  smatterings of Russian, Hebrew and English.
Dark shadows.
He wakes up.
Light and situation flood in.
In his trousers, Crockett drapes an arm across her shoulders and they stand in the air.
He watches them, too.
a leather sap arcs through the air and descends onto her left shoulder, paralyzing her arm.
A blindfold goes over her eyes.
A tall wall of planting hides the $150,000 house from the road.
As they head down from the bridge... we see... lines run from the freighter to two go-fast boats.
He struggles.
Standoff.
The Old Woman in house dress is SCREAMING...   Her retarded Son sees Tubbs/Gina as a threat to his mother...grabs butcher knife... rushes forward during... FROZEN.
And, that fast, Tubbs' gun is back on target.
hears.
Dead.
And they attack Crockett and Zito, who are outgunned.
It's insane.
Suddenly, the door opens.
in stencilled body armor storm in through doors and windows.
The boat's gone.
We see CNN footage of some Iraqi soldiers - looking very tired, hungry and scared - surrendering to a CNN news crew.
War?
What war?
Looking back at the Iraqis, in a voice dead with fear: Epps and Jaeger look behind them.
All Wes can do is cover his head, and stay down like a scared little girl.
He's not hit, but it kicks him back down into the Humvee screaming with fear.
Wes is too scared to move.
A spastic, scared, relieved laugh escapes him.
This really scares Wes.
A nervous look punches it way onto Jaeger's face.
Jaeger just stands there, his fear swelling.
Epps storms over towards the Hummer leaving Jaeger to be all scared with himself.
Panic races up and down his spine.
Epps pulls a knife from his belt.
Epps waits a beat, afraid of what might happen, but there is no choice.
Jaeger stays down, afraid to get up.
Wind, but that's about it.
Jaeger's worked up a real scare.
He puts his panic into overdrive.
The three share a nervous look.
Jaeger, scared painted all over his face, sinks to his knees and looks as if he's about to go into shock.
Both Epps and Jaeger recoil, Jaeger going nuts with fear.
What is to stop him?
He tries to keep the apprehension from his voice, but it creeps in anyway.
The first light of day barely begins to fight its way through the dark.
Underneath him, an IRAQI SOLDIER - who already looks very badly injured; bloody, cut, slightly burned - babbles back in high pitched and frightened Arabic.
Even now, frightened but more calmly, the soldier goes on.
Jaeger goes somewhere near panic.
The Iraqi, face flush with fear; eyes filled with terror like a hunted animal, makes it to the rock face and starts to climb to the plateau above.
Jaeger is paralyzed by indecision.
They collapse, chests heaving like pistons as they suck air.
Suddenly he goes back into a panic.
Jaeger asks again with growing anxiety.
Epps hurriedly stumbles in the dark for the shack.
Jaeger quickly shakes Epps awake.
Epps and Jaeger turn on him targeting with their assault weapons, but they do not fire.
They chatter amongst themselves, but our boys have no idea what they're talking about, and that just makes things all the scarier.
Wes gets real calm again, which is almost as scary as him acting nuts.
Wes grabs an assault weapon from a near by Shi'ite and mounts up with blood in his eyes.
They break for a trail that leads further up the mountain, but it does little to shake loose their pursuers.
Fear gives way to desperation.
She goes faster, faster...  Suddenly Epps pulls up hard on the reins.
The car doesn't slow, tearing across the stretch of road where Jaeger lay, but swerves to avoid him.
Epps and Jaeger are too anxious to have this all over to say much, and the driver is too scared.
Epps snakes his way through the burning hulks towards their car.
As they approach, the shadow appears to be a giant rusting bow, rising up from the water, disappearing in the darkness above them.
A beat.
A beat.
A doll's white face, eyes haunting and coldly blue, stares into the middle distance.
If this place is creepy in the daylight, it is terrifying now.
THE BOOMING SOUNDS AGAIN, closer, as suddenly stopping.
She stops.
He stops.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Everything suddenly stops.
His body is tense and his arms arch rigidly toward his chest.
His jaw is clenched and he expels harsh, guttural utterances, experiencing something between a night terror and a seizure.
The buoy approaches, rising and falling with the swell.
Greer lies asleep on the bed.
He approaches from the other end.
It stops.
It stops.
She stops.
As Epps approaches, Greer behind her.
She stops.
They stop over it.
She looks to Greer, when a single dark spot appears on Epps' cheek.
It is dark, though spacious.
He stumbles back, a gash laid into his face, as Epps sucks in air, gagging and coughing, her neck purple with finger marks.
He's dazed and has blood in his eyes.
And we see that she has unhinged her gill knife.
He sits in the sand hugging his legs to his chest, bobbing slightly as he speaks in his nonsensical language.
At the other end the light falls from the door at room 400.
The sitting room is dark as she holds there.
She stops.
She stops.
It stops.
As she approaches, she can see that the hatch is half open, swaying slightly with the movement of the ship.
Cutting him off.
Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly's window.
A GRISLY CAR CRASH from Nervous Norvus' TRANSFUSION album.
Kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding with a speeding flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs !
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking Freak!" Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
Kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the LOG TRUCK speed past.
She screams in horror and collapses against the SUV.
CRASH!
Kimberly cries in horror into Thomas' shoulder as her friends burn up in the wreckage.
Eugene sees Nora and Tim are hooked and speaks in scary campfire tones.
As the FIRE slowly spreads to nearby cereal boxes, Evan starts to panic.
By pushing the bottle up against the wall, it threatens to turn on one of the switches.
Evan, horrified, miraculously yanks his hand free, brushing against the knife in the toaster.
Safe and sound, he breathes a sigh of relief and turns to walk -- SUDDENLY he s lips on the very grease he threw out the window, his legs shoot out from under him and he lands on his back.
As Evan laughs, breathing a final sigh of relief, it suddenly PLUMMETS again -- impaling Evan through his eye socket!
Headlines blare, "Freak Accident?"
Adding to her anxiety.
The room is dark again.
She yanks the VCR cord from the wall and flicks on the lights, ridding the room of shadows.
A PHYSICIAN in a lab coat leads a nervous Kimberly down the center of a long corridor.
Her hair is patchy, her eyes dark and haunted.
Kimberly, shaken, does the math.
Reveal Nora taking her son Tim to a dentist's office.
Tim watches helplessly as Nora reaches down, tug ging at her sneaker, fear mounting.
Tim's eyes radiate fear.
Reluctantly.
BANG!
The three slowly edge towards a room at the end of a creepy hallway.
Kimberly and Thomas are scared.
The Mortician, recrossing the room, passes Kimberly and stoops down to sniff, no INHALE, a terrified Kimberly's essence.
Drowning.
Terror- stricken.
Jorge turns to soothe the frightened Young Woman in the bed.
The trap flies over and knocks into the base of the unstable Grabber - which tips and slowly slides down the wall.
Kimberly looks concerned.
The nervous group finishes safe-proofing the apartment.
Suddenly, STREETLIGHT FLICKERS ON for the evening.
Terror.
Nora panic,s as Eugene and the Man try to untangle her braid.
Kat gasps in horror to see this poor woman suspended above the floor.
He stares transfixed as Nora's head, still aghast in terror, rolls around the floor.
He approaches Thomas and lunges for his GUN - yanking it from the holster!
The others shrink back in terror.
In the corner, Eugene shivers to himself.
Desperately looking for signs of danger.
He rushes across the room, pulls a lever, unlocking the cell.
The moment is still surreal as Brian steps back, further away from the horrors he can't face.
As the tip of the needle presses the skin down -- The BEE lands on the Anesthesiologist's ear.
And STINGS!
Suddenly, Kimberly clutches her throat!
Nearby, a RESPIRATOR plunges up and do wn, the RESPIRATOR TUBE snaking down Eugene's throat.
Thomas jumps in the backseat, buckles up...  Kimberly's eyes widen in fear.
As Eugene shudders with dread, the Orderly pushes a huge cart in front of him, again obscuring his view.
Eugene goes white with terror.
A RAT APPEARS behind Eugene's pillow, CRAWLS over his chest and disappears by his stomach!
The Obstetrician's hands go to work.
Drowning.
Horrible.
Kimberly panics as the ambulance fills with water and she takes a final gasp of air -- Thomas stares in horror at the percolating air bubbles as the vehicle descends below the surface -- and he dives in! Thomas swims into the dark, murky water.
Shakes his head, nothing.
Outside, a parting of dark clouds causes a shaft of sunlight to flood into the hospital.
Mr. Gibbons hands it over and Brian saunters away from camera, SLIGHTLY OUT OF FOCUS, toward the barbecue, his body framed between Kimberly and Thomas' heads.
And off they tear...
Memphis is horrified.
A cuffed Donny Astricky is dragged to a waiting cruiser ... A POLICE CAR pulls up ...
He winds up ...
A KID behind the wheel, a BLONDE beside him... Kip eyeballs them...  Engines are revved... Challenges are implied...  Mirror Man panics ...
Memphis senses danger.
He sinks another ball.
He groks their fear...  Kip looks at him... ANGLE THE FRONT DOOR.
And LIFTS IT INTO THE AIR ...  Kip, terrified, inside ... And, as the crane dangles the Trans Am toward the black waters of the harbor, we CUT TO: Memphis is at the kitchen table.
From outside.
A MAN HOWLS IN TERROR...
Because that's what he was afraid of.
But a BANG!
And his nose is a gnarled blob of scar tissue ...  Which is why they call him And the others really don't dig his scene ... The Sphinx nods to all.
They drive in silence.
And listens...  Her face clenched with worry ... Mirror Man works the thick steel door ...  He's got a sledge and center punch...
And in they go -- Dark as pitch.
To see Sway, overcome with emotion.
It reads "SNAKE"...
The Sphinx is outrunning what is now a half-dozen CRUISERS ...  is freaking out ... The snake wrapped all around him...
But then - BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Bullets rip into Donny Astricky in terrifying SLOW-MOTION.
He turns ...  To see another KID ... Scared...
He hangs up.
Going off the road.
He flies through them...
And there's a strange SILENCE...
And we fear he aims to smash the site, maybe further injure the accident victims - Not our Memphis ...  He's heading straight for parked ass-end toward Long Beach ... Ramp down ...  Memphis rockets Eleanor at the ramp truck's ramp... Straight on ...
With a last gasp, Memphis misdirects the awl so it STABS THE FLOOR SOCKET - a small CLAP OF VOLTAGE shaking through their bodies, as they sprawl akimbo ...  Both men are momentarily paralyzed as the electricity sorts itself out inside of them... Calitri is up; and he's found the gun ...
And they shake ...
His face is a con- fusion of fear and indecision.
In a moment of utter panic he lets go of his son, drops the Girl from his shoulder, and runs on alone.
It is fully dark now.
His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting            * whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion.
His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear.
The man clambers out of the boat and wades ashore again, carrying a large flint-bladed knife.
On the boat, Hector's family are tense with fear for his life.
Lucinnius' worries are Hector's also.
Lucinnius is nervous as he attempts to casually join his friends.
A figure enters the room, steps over the sleeping bodies on the floor and shakes him awake.
Straight-backed, hands on knees, alert, worried, he looks a bit like a sacri- ficial offering himself.
A couple of the godfather's foot soldiers.
A trickle of fear passes across Hector's face.
Lucinnius has worked himself into a dramatic state of distress, with drink and terror and self pity.
Hector speaks gently, like coaxing a frightened animal.
He stands    up, suddenly repulsed by what has happened.
Hector gently shakes her shoulder, trying not to wake the others.
Then he sees where the noise is coming from.
Hector, in another corner of the room, sleeping lightly, becomes aware of this.
The Priest is worried.
Then            * it changes.
He is frightened, and clings to the presence of Ronald.
In the room it is still semi-dark.
She sits up and straightens her clothing, suddenly anxious.
She crosses the room to a wooden chest under the window.
A jingling noise up the road.
Suddenly: The door flies open and--BANG!
He twists and rears with cuffed hands to plunge the knife into Moon's chest.
Blood spatters Mattie.
Moon has fallen to the floor, knife in chest.
The two horses that are now riderless rear and mill, panicked.
He fires.
They shake.
We are high and close on Rooster, asleep.
She is struck by a worrying thought.
He sloshes suddenly forward, water kicking up before him.
Mattie manages to choke out: Silence.
She claws at it.
We hear the schlick of steel and his hand reappears holding a knife taken from a leg sheath.
Her eyes roll down in their sockets to watch as Chaney regrips the knife and lowers it to her throat, his knuckles whitening with tension.
A beat.
Then, he drops.
The butt-end of a knife juts out.
Mattie screams as the ball of waking snakes quickens.
The body, coming to pieces, slides dustily down into the dark.
It disappears.
Mattie hastily reaches for the root that pins her and in a panic pulls, looking back toward the body.
As the snakes advance to the level of her pinned leg Mattie freezes.
Careful to keep still, eyes on the advancing snakes: More snakes climb onto her.
A large snake is winding onto her shoulder.
She gingerly places a hand for it to coil onto; it does; she holds it at arms length and gently shakes it off.
As he does so: Rooster stoops with the knife and one slice frees the booted foot.
Horrible noises are indeed coming from the horse, but Rooster is grim: He leaves off whipping the horse and takes out his knife.
In the dark, the darker shape of the dead horse, growing smaller.
She appears a little anxious.
Both she and Claudia are petrified and terror-stricken as the curve and the wall loom closer and closer.
With a frightening leap -- and going well over fifty miles an hour -- the car barely makes it over the ditch and right through the opening in the wall.
Claudia is visibly shaken.
Their conversation is suddenly interrupted by Sandro's voice shouting "Hello."
Sandro and Anna remain as they are until they are suddenly enveloped by a dark shadow.
It is larger than it previously appeared and casts a long, dark shadow over the yacht.
But Claudia is afraid to dive in while the boat is still in motion, so she turns to the sailor and shouts: The motor is turned off and the yacht soon comes to a halt.
As soon as he hits the water, he starts shivering and exclaims: Then, lowering the mask over his face, he begins to submerge.
Then, immediately, the booming voice of the sailor aboard the yacht sounds out: But Sandro ignores the warning and starts swimming out towards Anna like a demon.
Claudia is stricken with fear, and holds on tight to Giulia.
Anna goes over to the edge of the boat and stands at the head of the little stairway leading down to the water.
Her desire to join him is greater than her fear of the shark, so she looks down at the sailor and asks: Patrizia, instead, turns around and heads back to the cabin.
Breaking the nervous tension that has spread itself throughout the group, a seaman appears with a small basket of frozen peaches brought from the yacht.
Sandro is asleep with his arms folded under his head.
Down at the shore, Giulia is getting ready to step on the gangplank and go aboard the yacht but, anxious about Anna's whereabouts, she changes her mind and turns back.
He is about to head towards them but suddenly realizes that Giulia is following directly behind him.
As he starts to approach it, another stray lamb appears, as if from nowhere, and runs off, frightened by Sandro's approach.
The turn has taken the boat slightly away from Lisca Bianca and they now find themselves closer to the little island of Basiluzzo.
The entire group is once again reunited on the beach, and the impending storm has heightened their fears and anxiety.
They are cold, restless, and exhausted, but profoundly moved and shaken by the reality of Anna's strange disappearance.
Suddenly, footsteps are heard approaching the hut.
Claudia suddenly jumps up and runs out of the hut and into the dark, calling out desperately.
She looks down over the side and quickly withdraws, almost in fear of being sucked down into the swirling waters below.
Stepping ashore are Patrizia, Giulia and Raimondo, followed by a Marshal of the carabinieri and two police agents.
As Sandro and Claudia come rushing down over the rocks, Claudia suddenly stops and lags behind so as not to arrive on the beach simultaneously with Sandro.
But seeing Patrizia and Raimondo approaching, he suddenly stops.
Claudia is nonplussed and almost petrified with fear.
But the intensity in Claudia's look, mixed with fear and desire, is so overpowering that Sandro takes her in his arms and kisses her.
Suddenly, she stands up and goes into the corridor.
Sandro tries to grab her in his arms, but Claudia pushes him away, almost with a sense of violence, as though she were afraid she might change her mind once in his arms.
Now, with all this talk about Sandro, the sense of relaxation Claudia had felt upon her arrival, has changed into a feeling of anxiety that becomes more and more noticeable.
Remarks and comments are heard above the noise.
It is a picture of a nude woman; a shapely figure, slightly plump, in the manner of Renoir.
She suddenly stops reading and turns toward Sandro.
Suddenly, Sandro takes Claudia by the hand.
Suddenly, feeling himself being stared at, Sandro turns towards Claudia.
And only then do Sandro and Claudia become aware that the silence around them is an unnatural one, that the doors and the windows of all the houses in the town are tightly shut.
Huddled close to each other, Claudia and Sandro are asleep on the grass.
A cold shiver runs down her back and she quickly comes to her feet.
Suddenly the sound of a shutter being lowered directly behind her causes her to start and turn around.
In that total solitude, the doorway of the hotel emerges like the mouth of some dark and fearful cavern, so much so that Claudia is unable to keep her eyes fixed upon that spot.
Suddenly, she wheels about, having heard Sandro enter.
Throwing away his cigarette, he comes up to her, all nervous and excited, and they both step out into the street.
Suddenly, up from the street comes the sound of music.
Beyond these steps is a small dead-end street that runs up against the faade of a large and magnificent old building.
Sandro goes down the flight of steps and approaches the door of the old building which is closed.
Claudia is clearly intrigued by everything she sees: the surroundings, the people, etc. Sandro approaches the reception desk as Claudia walks slightly ahead, anxious to see what is going on.
Suddenly, Claudia stops.
But all of a sudden, Claudia becomes aware of something moving on a sofa at the far end of the room.
The young man's throat is dry; he's sweating bullets.
Christy, clearly terrified, is walking quickly away from Vince's office.
Joey suddenly flies into the bin.
As Christy looks around the lobby, various religious artifacts loom at her; we see them from her terrified P0V.
Mother Superior is in total command of all she surveys, and she seldom raises her voice or her blood pressure as she rules.
The thought of being left alone with Mother Superior panics Christy, like a child left in the principal's office.
Christy is fast asleep.
Christy stares at the loom; a look of horror crosses her face.
A.)on her hands and knees.
Reluctantly, Christy rises and approaches the door.
One of the drug dealers stands outside the crack house as a car suddenly pulls up to the curb.
The picture suddenly becomes GRAINY, and we hear the voice of a NEWS REPORTER.
Shocked and terrified, Christy struggles to free herself, but is suddenly relieved to see that her abductor is Eddie.
Everyone's attention suddenly turns to Bishop O'Hara as he approaches.
The kitchen is dark, lit only by a flickering candle carried by Christy.
After a few steps, Eddie suddenly looks disturbed.
Several members of the choir rush into the room with panic in their eyes.
She fondles her rosary beads, and sinks to her knees.
Mary Robert stands alone in front of the cathedral, wringing her hands with worry.
Christy suddenly lifts her knee into Willy's groin, and he buckles over.
Mother Superior suddenly steps forward.
There is a pause, as the Manager stares at the nuns in horror.
Christy suddenly drops to her knees and begins to pray.
Trapped for a moment, she has panic in her eyes.
One window, dark and quiet on the third floor, catches his gaze.
Simon's sunglassed eyes look up suddenly, his body stifffening.
Simon manages a grip on the gargoyle's face and POUNDS the back of his skull against the wall.
A mortuary.
The rooms are dark but for one.
Mary suddenly points past Katherine's shoulder.
It's part of the school building long abandoned.
Finished, he sets the ancient bible down, turns off the gooseneck, and leans back in his chair, alone in the dark.
A coyote has crept up onto a near ledge.
Watching her.
The boy, still standing beside her, begins to look nervous.
Is the abandoned, decayed part of the building.
It's brutal.
Suddenly Thomas breaks back, intercepts the ball, and drives against Player #2.
That buzz.
Hustling the last one up the stairs, she pauses suddenly.
Twinkling lights in a cold, dark embrace.
Gabriel suddenly freezes.
Simon suddenly JUMPS to his feet.
Gabriel's hand is suddenly on Simon's face, fingers spread, claw-like.
Asleep, sweaty, shivering, Mary suddenly opens her eyes.
And with the other hand Gabriel JAMS his fist into Simon's chest, PULLING OUT a lumpy, burned heart.
She stops.
As she feels it's gaze a shadow suddenly crosses her shoulder.
Katherine turns quickly but only barely catches, out of the corner of her eye, a glimpse of something very large.
It's only past the final door, into the smallest corner of the building, that the walls become clean and brightly painted by eager third graders.
The creepy silence transforms itself into the giggles of children as they bang open the classroom door and whoop themselves outside for recess.
Up the crumbly embankment, sitting perched on the roof of an abandoned house, is Gabriel.
Impenetrably dark.
And he walks out, leaving Thomas alone in a place gone suddenly cold.
Death.
The same cold, creepy air about him.
The shriek of ghosts under his breath.
It worries Katherine.
The atmosphere becomes close and creepy.
They follow the light to the gap in the rock, gingerly stepping into -- That could easily belong to a bum.
But once they step into the room, into the lair, it suddenly jumps in volume.
Thomas, fighting the insanity pounding at him, crawls pathetically across the floor to the oil lamp.
Thomas manages to bring his leg up and KICKS Jerry hard against the chest, forcing him off.
The slugs RIP into Jerry's chest and knock him to his knees.
Katherine rushes to Thomas, who's pulled himself up to his knees, a ragged slice above his eye bleeding badly.
Again, the pain.
There are eyes in this winged head, but blood chilling ones of putrid yellow.
There are endless scars and shapes and wrinkles, but mostly, only, there are the eyes.
Katherine lays her head on Thomas's shoulder, and as darkness swallows them he holds her.
With the ease of a spider he slides down and beside John.
She begins to choke, to cough, then suddenly sits up and opens her eyes.
Katherine's head is still on Thomas's shoulder, the two of them asleep sitting against the wall.
Lucifer shivers, a claw turning up the collar of his cloak.
He downs the shake in one belt.
Thomas's eyes are wild with fear.
He staggers to his knees and begins to run.
Gagging and weeping in blank shock, he crawls on his hands and knees as Rachael OPENS UP his arm from shoulder to elbow with her nails.
A claw.
As the angel thrashes furiously, Lucifer FORCES his arm into Gabriel's chest.
Bleeding to death is a real possibility for him.
Chasing the night and its fears away under the punishing glare of noon.
Beat.
Claire traces a finger along a small but noticeable SCAR above her left eye, then slowly drops the hand to her cheek, as if confirming her existence.
Suddenly, the SOUND OF A WOMAN WAILING can be heard.
They stop.
She stops.
But the whispering has suddenly stopped.
She suddenly has a thought and disappears into the kitchen.
Cooper suddenly bolts down the hall.
She attacks the transition again, and again falters.
Slam.
Beat.
Suddenly, THE CANDLE FLARES.
There's a dangerous energy to her walk.
Claire's still in the dark.
Suddenly, her head droops over, she shudders softly.
Beat.
Beat.
Worried, she heads upstairs.
ANGLE - CLAIRE... her face a mask of terror.
Suddenly, she's released.
Claire places the roses in a vase on Norman's desk, and in doing so, accidentally knocks it over.
Suddenly her eye stops on a small silver bracelet with an intricate ROSEBUD.
Norman walks through the darkened house into the moonlit room.
Two rings, then: Claire's eyes widen in terror.
Suddenly, A HAND WITH A WASHCLOTH IS THRUST OVER HER FACE.
Claire is pulling herself down the stairs, moaning in terror.
He sees the necklace on her neck.
When his hands close on the clasp, his face suddenly goes slack.
Claire somehow manages to work a toe into the plug chain and yank it free.
Claire races over to the Volvo, which is blocked by NORMAN'S PICKUP, the dark hulk of THE SAILBOAT on a trailer behind it.
Shivering with cold and adrenalin, she tries to work the ancient heater.
Suddenly metal snaps and the truck pops free of the trailer.
It bursts inward and Mrs. Watchett, her hair flying, dashes down the steps panic-stricken into the room.
Here he stops.
In the f.g., Bridewell who has been sitting with a glazed, dreamy look, suddenly jumps.
(NOTE:  The house is situated upon a site with Suddenly the SOUND OF AN APPROACHING ENGINE catches his attention.
Drivers leave their cars of the period in disorder.
Alarmed, he runs across the street directly in the path of the ambulance that threads its way between the cars left in disorder on the road.
Suddenly there is a BLINDING FLASH.
The Time Machine is shaken violently, but the Time Traveller manages to crawl into it.
The CAMERA SCARES BACK.
A white light from above begins to permeate the dark- ness.
THERE IS A CRASH LIKE THUNDER and the Time Machine suddenly goes into a spin.
He shakes the cobwebs out of his head and, FOLLOWED BY THE CAMERA, rises with difficulty.
The apprehension mounts into tension and gradually but inevitably approaches the state of horror that a human being would experience in a strange place where he had just come from an innocent freshly set table of ripe fruits and stepped outside into a beautiful but weird vacuum.
Suddenly he stops as he distinctly hears a familar and quite HUMAN combination of NOISES.
The Time Traveller is suddenly struck by the truth of her words.
The stick now writes in the dust: " E L O I " A shadow crosses her face.
Suddenly she springs to her feet, concerned.
He is appalled.
The moving shadow of the Time Traveller reveals her pale face, with closed eyes, wearing an expression of helpless terror.
A look of fear comes into her eyes.
Weena looks up at him, her fears dwindling, find- ing comfort in this strange being whom she cannot understand.
Then she glances high into the dark sky and the old fear returns.
The fear paralyzes her.
She looks up, her eyes no longer showing fear.
He shakes her off.
An expression of fear comes slowly over her face as the LOW SIREN is joined by ANOTHER of HIGHER PITCH.
He looks up, concerned, pausing in his descent.
As the THIRD DISCORDANT BLAST joins the other two, Weena's fear is gone.
The ceasing of the sirens seems to have released them from their hypnotic spell and now, awake again and frightened, they are retreating.
Behind him, across the cavern, an indistinct figure watches, but quickly disappears as the T.T. strikes a match.
The sight that the T.T. beholds fills him with revulsion and horror.
His features twisted in horror in the flickering light of his match.
T. turns and as he leaves this chamber of horror, the rock behind him comes to life.
Where other Morlocks with CRACKING WHIPS herd the Eloi into the chamber of horrors.
Suddenly a long lash of a whip strikes like a serpent and coils about the T.T.'s neck.
Another whip scares Weena into the chamber of horrors, while several other whips land on the T.T.'s shoulders.
The T.T., wielding the whip fiercely, drives the Morlocks back several paces, then suddenly from above a pale body of a Morlock lands on him, knocking him down, causing him to drop the whip.
He crawls in pain into the chamber of horrors.
Then suddenly the T.T. pulls out his matchbox from his pocket.
The Eloi huddle against the wall in terror as other Morlocks gain courage and move forward toward the T.T.
She screams and jumps back, watching in terror, as the Morlock comes toward her.
Morlocks come in after fleeing Eloi, shielding their eyes from the light of the Time Traveller's torch.
Here they stop.
Weena, seeing the panels close, runs up to them and POUNDS her fists vainly on the metal doors.
Suddenly, a gloomy shade falls over the instruments, followed by a burst of whirling smoke and the twinkling red light of fire.
He steps into the house.
Suddenly a clock from the neighboring room CHIMES ONCE.
As Ben considers the driverless boat...  Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something below.
The arm stops and suddenly the tray of sand shakes, dropping through holes in the bottom to reveal an object the size of a person's fist.
Paul draws a long, nervous breath and looks at Amanda.
He's wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's staring at you or fast asleep.
Calling back from the cockpit...  Suddenly Grant spots...
He pales.
Amanda turns away in horror.
Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side.
Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air.
Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP as the giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mere inches from his face.
Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in horror as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinosaurus latches onto its throat.
Mindful of Grant's warnings, they move quickly and quietly.
A beat.
Now the camera penetrates the jungle canopy and the picture and sound become complete chaos: SCREAMS from the both, branches BREAKING, flashes of Ben and Eric's frightened faces as the camera is buffeted in all directions.
She SCREAMS.
A beat.
They walk through an overgrown parking lot, littered with abandoned vehicles.
Sudden FLAPPING.
It is an eerie, haunted place.
Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the lobby's dirty windows with terrifying speed.
She SCREAMS.
Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up.
Responding to the growls, a herd of grazing HADROSAURS suddenly flees across the open space.
Suddenly, one of the raptors SLASHES at him again.
The feasting raptors look up, listening, then suddenly run off into the dark jungle.
As terrified as he is, he can't help but be fascinated by their communication.
Up in the tree, Grant's eyes immediately burn from the vapor He squints to see through the fog, where he spots at the edge of the smoke Grant half-climbs, half-falls out of the tree, rushing to get through the heaviest of the smoke.
Suddenly, one of the creatures is attacked by another.
They're a thousand emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, overjoyed.
Paul Kirby watches in stunned, abject horror as the Pteranodon carries Eric directly overhead -- The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight.
He suddenly realizes what Billy is about to do.
Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
Suddenly, CRASH LANDS on the catwalk enclosure about them -- right next to a gaping hole in the mesh.
Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak.
All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus to leap out at any moment.
Spinosaurus pushes past the boat.
He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before.
And suddenly the raptors attack.
It's a gorgeous and terrifying sight.
Terrified, the Costa Rican CHOPPER PILOT veers away, but the pteranodons are already on him.
The helicopter suddenly tips, falling, SMASHING into the trees with a massive fireball.
The pteranodon goes to bite him again, but finds it head caught between the rungs.
It also reels in the pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dangerous.
A neon drive-in casts long shadows across a vast parking lot as the sun drops behind a distant hill.
Curt doesn't move, as if afraid of scaring her away.
Suddenly, a car horn honks next to them.
Terry tries to escape, but in his panic the engine dies.
Terry begins to get worried as the salesman begins to fondle his new Chevy.
He becomes frightened as the salesman attempts to drag him over to one of the 'Vettes.
Suddenly, there's a rumbling noise as the pipes break and water gushes over the floor.
Panic!
John shakes his head no.
Terry gets a little nervous.
A record needle scratches and "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes" blares out as Steve and Laurie dance alone in the middle of the floor.
He moans.
Suddenly she puts her hand on his leg.
Suddenly, a rough- looking face, belonging to Vic Lozier, pops in her window.
Suddenly, he sees something--the T-bird going the other way down the street.
He looks a little concerned and starts the coupe.
Suddenly, there's a gunshot!
Ants (a tall, ghoulish-looking kid who probably got his name from the scar across his face which has recently been stitched to look like a party of ants marching across his cheek.)
The radio blares "Ain't that a Shame?" as Curt sits in the back seat of the car looking very nervous.
Suddenly, she grabs him and pulls him down on top of herself.
Ants is sitting in a "Rocket to the Moon" ride, pounding on it unsuccessfully when suddenly it starts.
Inside the small office, Curt shakes hands with Hank Anderson, who pats him on the shoulder.
They start walking faster, anxious to get away.
Suddenly, a beam from a flashlight plays across the trunk.
He suddenly jumps with a start.
Carol looks scared and grabs onto the dash.
Curt ties the cable to a post and then, looking scared, crawls under the police car with the cable.
Everything is dark and quiet as the adult population sleeps through the night.
The yellow deuce coupe roars off down the dark street.
She jumps out of the car and runs up the walk to the house.
He can only moan.
Steve shakes his head no.
A little scared, he goes inside and closes the door.
She looks determined not to seem as scared as she really is.
Laurie looks scared now.
Terry looks nervous, the engines start to scream and Terry, his hands shaking on the flashlight, manages to flash it on.
Inside Falfa's car, Laurie looks scared to death.
The crash car is beginning to burn in the engine compartment and John is panicked.
Then, panicked, he jumps from the car and rushes to the booth.
Then the plane's shadow ripples over the car and it, too, is gone.
A beat.
Roberta looks scared shitless.
A beat.
We see relief -- and fear -- in Roberta's face.
The students stare at her, afraid of her now.
He has a serious expression and a scar on his left cheek.
Roberta's scared -- so she keeps talking, as if it's not really happening.
She suddenly remembers where she is, and quickly looks at the clock.
HOLD ON ROBERTA, looking hurt and frightened.
She turns back to Nick who looks worried.
Janet rushes through the throngs while Roberta tries to keep up.
A beat.
One of the buildings on the street is burned out, missing a front door.
A beat.
Roberta looks at him, concerned that he's not responding to her news.
A beat.
A beat.
They finish and stare at her, afraid of her response.
The boy nervously shakes his head no.
A beat.
You can see on her face that she's dreading the emptiness.
Roberta gets up and warily approaches the door.
A few beats.
This is making her nervous.
She looks at him, afraid of what he might be saying.
The anger drains out of her as she suddenly sees what this is all about.
He's fast asleep.
She crosses to Ernie and shakes him.
The boys look frightened, but Roberta's on a mission.
Roberta climbs the dimly-lit stairs of a dilapidated, scary building.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a bicycle.
LEONARD, a scrawny white boy takes his letter, scared by it.
Concepcion shakes her head no.
Roberta crosses into the kitchen and returns with a cutting board and a knife.
We realize from the scar that one is NAEEM (20.), now a strikingly handsome man, over six feet tall.
It's early morning, and the kids look half- asleep.
Suddenly, there's the SOUND of a stage door opening.
Roberta pours nervous energy into her cappuccino, adding cinnamon, chocolate, and sugar, stirring loudly.
Janet looks at her, concerned.
A beat.
Roberta talks to Janet with a worried expression.
Butt-Kong to Butt-Head asleep on the couch with Beavis shaking him.
Butt-Head is dead asleep on the couch.
Beavis shakes him.
Punks run in fear.
Another tosses a knife.
Butt-Head approaches them.
She SPANKS him.
Suddenly Martha buckles Beavis' belt.
Beavis goes white with fear.
The plane starts to shake.
Beavis starts to freak.
ON PEOPLE seeing Butt-Head flying, screaming in panic.
The guy's asleep.
The people are white with fear, some covered with flecks of spilled food and other matter.
Butt-Head approaches a door next to the bed.
Suddenly, the door opens.
The place is being surrounded by police and plain black cars.
They're in shock.
They walk away, not seeing that behind them, B&B approach the control room door.
Suddenly the lights blink on and off.
Machinery stops suddenly and large support beams break.
A disaster.
Suddenly dozens of A.T.F.
People are in a panic.
BEAVIS' P.O.V. OF BUTT-HEAD: His face starts to warp and colors start shifting.
Suddenly, it pops open.
They gasp.
Isolated.
Beavis is starting to SHAKE AND MAKE STRANGE NOISES.
He looks up, suddenly seeing: DOZENS OF A.T.F.
Suddenly, dozens of agents surround him, pointing guns at him.
He continues to babble, making the agents nervous.
As before, the flight crew stares in horror and silence as B&B deplane.
His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep.
Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, but is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain in her stomach.
Suddenly, Gideon's rooster starts to CROW.
Suddenly, the chickens start to run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in.
She shakes out a rug.
The SOUND of the trumpet frightens Skip's birds.
Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint from time to time.
Hattie has a series of squinting attacks.
His head is resting on his chest.
His racking COUGH is frightening.
Hattie has started her nervous twitch again.
Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding up one of the twins, Loviray.
The sound of his voice frightens her.
The noise of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet next door drown out Suzie's voice.
Gideon is asleep.
Gideon has dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged considerably.
She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark.
Linda's eye is still swollen.
Gideon is asleep.
Two shadows on the wall are facing each other.
Gideon is sound asleep.
Harry picks up the knife.
The knife falls out.
Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitchen and rush to see what is going on.
Everything is wet from the night's rain.
Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and starts to CROW.
Rhonda is asleep in a chair.
The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly.
BLACKNESS.
Jerry flees.
Estelle stares in horror.
The trailer shakes from the two adults flogging the mattress in the back.
Nick moves up, lubricating her arms, shoulders and neck.
A beat.
Nick approaches the shower building.
Suddenly the door opens.
A beat.
The dog shakes the scrotum in his jaws.
In Nick's eyes the fear of a sentence worse than death.
BLACKNESS.
Beat.
He shakes it.
She stalks off.
The trailer clips the corner of the house.
Nick takes a moment to watch in horror as dark plumes of smoke billow into the sky, the geyser of water, the storm of dazed chickens.
Nick suddenly brightens.
Vijay sits and shakes their hands.
The figure falls into the surf and the crowd of watching BIKINI-CLAD GIRLS gasp in horror.
The car pulls to a stop in the parking lot, the school looming beyond, slightly obfuscated by a light drizzle.
Nick enters the dark room to the sound of the bed squeaking.
The door to the room slams open and they are suddenly backlit by the harsh beam of the matron's flashlight.
Nick shivers in his underwear.
He scurries into the house.
Then - We're off and running through the woods, trying to keep up with Nick as he flees.
Suddenly we hear a double SONIC BOOM.
The ship suddenly SHAKES.
Soran's eyes are suddenly wild, crazed.
Suddenly a com voice interrupts.
There is a sudden banging from the far corner of the room.
Soran has not aged at all over the years but he does have a permanent scar on his face from the earlier wound.
Beat.
The men shake hands and Picard sits down.
FOLLOW Soran across Ten Forward... until he suddenly stops in shock at something he sees... of Guinan, who is now back at the bar.
She shakes off the feeling and goes back to work.
Geordi suddenly stops in front of what appears to be a standard bulkhead.
Data suddenly start LAUGHING.
He whirls around and points a phaser at Data, who suddenly looks fearful.
A shadow crosses his face.
Suddenly, a BLINDING BURST OF LIGHT  from outside the windows washes into the room.
Data is huddled in a corner of the room, cowering in fear.
B'Etor grabs Soran and holds a wicked-looking knife to his throat.
Soran is unfazed by this threat.
She hits a control and suddenly Guinan's face appears on the screen.
Geordi moves his hand to the spot, but then the protrusion is suddenly gone.
Suddenly Geordi grabs his chest in pain.
He suddenly has a horrible realization.
On the display, the Veridian star suddenly DARKENS and GOES OUT.
Picard eyes the graphic with a sense of dread.
Suddenly, Crusher's face looms large in the picture, as if she's leaning over Geordi.
as he reacts to the terrifying image.
He gets a couple of levels up, and then suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the face.
There's no where to run...  as the RIBBON OF ENERGY TEARS ACROSS THE SCENE IN A WASHED OUT BY A BLINDING FLOOD OF RED LIGHT... Then suddenly the Ribbon is GONE...  and so are Picard and Soran.
reacts.
A beat.
We can see on his face that something is very wrong.
Suddenly a BOOT kicks him in the head.
who is attacking Soran in Picard's place.
Suddenly the probe CLOAKS.
Soran watches in horror as the probe crashes harmlessly into the distant jungle.
Dead.
They both hang up.
Harlan is hauling Thelma out the door into the parking lot.
Thelma shakes her head no.
We hear his body HIT the gravel parking lot.
The car behind him is splattered with blood.
Thelma shakes her head "no."
He stops.
Louise pulls out of the parking lot onto the road.
Suddenly she reaches over and locks her door.
Hal's unmarked detective car pulls up in front of Thelma's house.
Louise, Thelma, and J.D. pull into the motel parking lot.
He drops it in.
J.D. attacks her again.
He stops her, suddenly.
Louise shakes her head no.
He watches them.
Louise is looking a little nervous.
The car is flying down the road.
Thelma is asleep.
He drops it.
The car is still flying down the road.
Police Bulletin VOICE OVER BEGINS AND PLAYS OVER following scenes: A police helicopter flies over the burning wreckage of the fuel truck.
Thelma sits up suddenly.
She looks scared.
A steady stream of state police cars pulls out of the parking lot with lights flashing while other policemen are running to their cars still parked in the lot.
They both scream.
A huge cloud of dust blows across the road as he approaches the intersection.
ANOTHER ANGLE as police car #1 and police car #2 both pull back onto the road right next to each other.
The dust from the cars is blowing across them.
fearful, nervous, poised on one ring.
The character speaks: The new captive looks up, nervous.
He stops.
He stares at the warning.
reacting in fear, looking up as the screen GOES TO BLACK.
Flynn settles into a chair; Alan leans against a game, nervous; Lora paces.
We see a human figure falling feet first down this tunnel from the outside, and suddenly we're at the bottom, and the figure stops, staggering from the force of the fall, but upright.
turning towards Flynn as he hears this noise.
reacting.
Sark is staring up at the screen, frowning, nervous, frightened of this new User-warrior.
He looks over at Crom, who's anxious.
Suddenly a voice rings out from above.
The sound of GUARDS' running feet approaching their cells.
Suddenly, we hear a RUMBLING SOUND.
Suddenly Ram's fading glow begins to flow through their clasped hands into Flynn.
Horrified, Flynn tries to pull away, but Ram holds him fast.
Flynn watches in horror, frantically trying to reverse the flow, but it's too late.
There's a NOISE from above, and Tron looks up.
This is the building Tron was eyeing when we left him.
Tron pulls her close to him, sliding his hand up her arm, leaving a glowing trace, and her hands move up over his chest.
Flynn suddenly drops down to the floor.
His hands start to shake with the force of the communication beam, and suddenly the disk is ripped from his hands, to rise, glowing brilliantly, upwards to the source of the light.
He stops.
We can see Tron's back as he hears a noise.
He grabs her shoulder, pulling her against him...  they have to shout to be heard above the noise of the increasing beam.
Suddenly his whole body glows with the same intensity as the beam.
Suddenly another beam blasts out from his arm.
We can see Yori's anxious face to one side.
He faints.
Hanging onto a wall, he starts pulling his feet up to gain a precarious foothold.
Suddenly, a stronger LIGHT flashes on in the cell, the door opens, and we see Sark standing there, framed in the cell door.
Suddenly his hand goes right through the door.
He stops in horror.
Their faces are very close as he stares down, terrified that he is too late to save her.
Suddenly her eyes widen as her form returns to solidarity, and color floods back into her.
It wavers.
He hears a NOISE and turns...  and in a flash of light a speeding disk smashes into him, knocking him over.
about to fire again.
Suddenly there is an explosion of static, as Flynn falls into the MCP.
He studies his hands -- and SEES that they're now nonluminescent flesh and blood.
PAN BACK TO Troy, faces the CAMERA, CLOSE, scared, then turns back to the dune and runs a few yards.
on the front of a Bradley pushes sand right TOWARD THE CAMERA DOLLY INTO five terrified Iraqis, eyes open with fear, as the sand rolls over them.
Vig drives as the Humvee speeds around the town square, zooming past scared Shiites in black robes, a few skinny dogs, a few bewildered Iraqi soldiers.
Iraqi soldiers look scared as the Humvee drives up, like it's going to hit them, and stops, flag fluttering in the breeze.
Five IRAQI SOLDIERS look disoriented and scared as they hold their hands up in the air.
Vig looks terrified as the crowd scatters, leaving him alone as he points his big unloaded pistol.
He lies down and breathes heavily with a hand on his chest.
An IRAQI SOLDIER steps into the corridor at the far end, sees Archie coming, looks terrified, and runs back.
Archie and Troy run right past the scared Iraqi.
Troy heads him off with his pistol -- The other rifle-loader stands looking scared.
The naked Shiite in glasses shakes.
Vig looks horrified as he watches.
Troy and Doc look nervous.
A cuffed Iraqi Guard kneels with a bleeding head.
CLOSE UP: BLOOD on the Iraqi Soldier's knuckles and wrists.
The soldier chases them with a knife and jabs at the man, cutting him, but not lethally.
The soldier drops the knife in the dirt.
Troy looks scared as he points his pistol at the Iraqi soldiers, who point their rifles back at Troy and Doc.
He looks terrified as his thumbs twitch on the triggers.
Ending on Troy wincing as he holds his chest.
A spider runs across it and gets stuck.
Vig swings the mounted machine gun toward the three remaining Iraqi soldiers who stand over eight terrified Shiites.
The soldiers get on their knees, pleading for mercy.
Suddenly, THE SOUND of an APPROACHING TANK.
Vig looks terrified as he drives.
A GUNSHOT RINGS OUT, a soldier is hit in the arm.
A Black Robed Figure walks right past Archie, takes a scared Shiite man by the arm and leads him to the side.
Chaos.
He screams at Vig, who looks scared.
The White Assistant shakes his head 'NO.'
They shake.
Suddenly Vig's pistol FIRES.
Vig looks scared as he drives the Infiniti straight toward the bunker.
They go to the rear door, pile up in the dark, pushing.
He approaches and kicks it repeatedly, without success.
Archie kicks in a door -- it is pitch black -- an emergency light flickers on and off -- revealing the two Iraqi torturers at the control table, where one tries to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- In flickering light -- Archie SHOOTS one Iraqi guard squarely in the chest, then the other -- the only SOUND IS THE GUN POPPING and the BULLETS TEARING into their bodies.
Vig gropes the sand for his glasses, crawling on his hands and knees with the dead Shiite on his back.
Archie cuts the fuse on the ball with his knife.
Troy and Doc look terrified.
Suddenly a RIFLE SHOT RINGS OUT, Troy jumps.
Doc looks sad and scared as he tries to turns Vig's head to help him breathe.
Huge relief comes over Troy's face as he breathes normally.
He is sweating with a fever and his arm hurts.
PAN TO - Troy suddenly drops to one knee.
Elsa suddenly slips.
A sleepy Kristoff and Sven travel alone through the dark woods.
Down below, the King holds a frightened Elsa.
Suddenly, a bunch of rocks tumble down the valley toward them.
In the Northern Lights display, the sharp spikes cause human figures to panic and attack Elsa.
Suddenly, her icy hands freeze the windowsill.
Elsa (now 12.) paces as she panics.
She falls back asleep while sitting.
-She shakes hands with a suit of armor.
Her hands shake.
Anna sees Hans's worried face.
Elsa gasps, spins around and reaches for the glove in panic.
GASPS of shock and fear sweep over the crowd.
The crowd panics.
Elsa flees.
She shivers.
The front door suddenly blows open and in walks a mass of a man covered in ice.
Sven suddenly stops, ears perked in alarm.
Kristoff stands, looks into the dark woods surrounding them.
Suddenly, he starts to slip.
Suddenly, a voice comes in from nowhere.
He suddenly looks up at Anna.
Anxiety runs high amongst the villagers and guests.
Suddenly they hear the alarmed whinny of Anna's horse.
Her muscles shake.
Elsa's fear, so strong, sucks the blizzard back into her and then it bursts out, unwittingly, like a sharp snowflake.
She falls to her knees.
Kristoff sees spiky ice shadows creeping down the walls.
He stops.
They both SCREAM!
Suddenly, Kristoff's head pops up.
Stops.
She shivers.
Suddenly Anna is surrounded by trolls.
Anna shivers again, collapsing into Kristoff's arms.
Elsa flees to the top floor of her palace.
In two swift moves, Elsa traps one thug in a cage of spikes that threaten his neck.
She sees the men, frightened, moments from death.
She stops.
Elsa looks to Hans, overwhelmed, frightened.
Elsa looks to the storm with worry.
Anna shivers in Kristoff's arms.
Kristoff stands there with Sven for a beat, staring with worry at the closed gates.
He rubs his arms and shivers.
Elsa looks out at the storm that is devastating Arendelle, then hears the guards approaching.
They crack.
Anna shivers by the door.
The door handle suddenly jiggles.
Stops.
He panics, pushes the snow back in place.
Suddenly, the window blows open, cold wind sweeps in.
But they fight through.
He goes swirling off into the storm.
Suddenly, a mangled ship, risen by ice, capsizes   over them.
She clutches her chest.
But then he hears a faint-- Elsa struggles through her own storm, but the fear is consuming her.
A dark shadow approaches.
And with that, the swirling storm suddenly stops.
The mood is suddenly fast and urgent as a gurney is wheeled rapidly through the doors.
Suddenly, the conversation is interrupted by a shatteringly loud SCREAM, agonized and terrified, coming from the ER.
And freezes in terrified shock.
It's him that's screaming.
Fear has entered her life.
It is unclear due to distance but there is a lot of blood on the Soldier's body and uniform.
A huge FLAME leaps out of the lighter, producing an instant of terror from Terri.
Then it gets wierder; the blood suddenly dissipates into six or seven little rivulets that begin to run down the pillar.
They all culminate at the point of Pinhead's chin - and then separate again, running over his frozen black face along the carved scar lines that make a matrix across his features.
Terri shrugs, gives a nervous smile.
The daylight street is still creepy but in a different way; No bums, no trash-can fires, nothing.
A sudden silence.
Suddenly, the dust around the box begins to move as if blown by an invisible wind.
Couples neck in shadowed corners.
Suddenly, horribly, the monster's eyes fly open and his frozen face stares down at the lovers.
A beat.
Suddenly - BAM! BIG SCARE MOMENT! - two blackened arms fly out from the center of the pillar and grab Sandy's gesturing arms.
Sandy screams in mortal terror.
He backs away to the opposite wall, face shocked, scared shitless.
JP flattened against the far wall, watches in horror as Sandy, held tight against the pillar, suffers a horrible death: Sandy's life-force is sucked from her.  Drawn into the pillar.
The wind keeps blowing through the room.
Suddenly ....  BRRRRRRRRR ... the phone rings.
Suddenly, one - and only one - of the monitors suffers a WHITE Joey glances up at the one ghosting monitor, puzzled - and then freezes in shock.
A noise begins to be heard OFF.
Fear vies with fascination in Joey's expression.
Vulnerable.
Terri flings herself backward, screaming in shock and fear.
Terri - safely feet away from the pillar - stands, shaking and breathless, eyes wide in horror and shock as she stares at this creature from nightmare.
And JP finally - for one brief second of terrifying clarity - realizes what's happening.
But she backs off slowly, sensuously, like an eager but nervous virgin bride ready for her groom.
Joey shrinks back in nervous shock at this direct address.
And gasps.
A beat.
Is it a street-gang attack?
Slow.
Pinhead surveys the scene before him and the terrified and awe- struck crowd look back at him.
He looks at the terrified humans.
Joey raises her head, bleary-eyed, and glances round the room trying to locate the source of the noise that has woken her.
CLOSE on Joey's face as she reacts in horror to what she is seeing.
Joey's eyes widen in horror as she speaks uselessly to the screen.
Joey has her hands at her mouth in horror.
CLOSE on a terrified face.
Well, that's enough of a direct threat for any officer of the law.
The cops turn, terrified, to look back.
Elder Cop stares in terror at his partner's fate.
His eyes show terror.
The fear in his eyes increases.
The chain pulls taut and then suddenly retracts into the darkness, hauling the Cop off his feet and dragging him along the alley into the blackness.
And pulls to a horrified stop.
It's on fire.
Suddenly, a CREAKING noise from behind her.
The mood is suddenly different after the frenzied drive across town.
Her manner makes the mood suddenly creepy.
Her eyes stare in horror as it ascends through the air.
Pinhead starts across the room.
Suddenly, a khaki-uniformed arm moves into shot and grasps Pinhead's hand, arm-wrestling style.
Shooting up from within and hooking themselves cruelly into the Officer's face and chest.
He's now a CENOBITE - blue-skinned, scarred, mutilated, and decorated with metal and leather.
Terri howls in terror, throws her hands to her face ...  and the Box flies from her hands.
A monster.
Her panic intensifies as we hear another CLICK and the water pressure increases.
Catherine shakes her head no.
The corridors are dark and most everyone has gone home.
Arms flailing, mouth gasping, eyes filled with dread.
The driver JUMPS, startled and frightened.
Novak looks into the dead white eyes of Anne Vicksey, trying to imagine the horrors she beheld.
She rolls down her window and can hear the poor thing whimpering.
Gravely concerned, Ramsey moves across the room.
She glimpses herself in the mirror and is startled by what she sees - a terrified girl.
Agent Stockwell turns to a worried Novak.
As a nervous NURSE exits, we see TWO POLICEMEN standing guard in the outer hallway.
Novak's worry intensifies.
Edward is frightened by what's happening and runs away.
The STAFF watches with a mixture of fear and curiosity as a stretcher bearing the catatonic Stargher is wheeled FAST through the corridors by an FBI escort team.
Miriam needs a moment to fully take in the scars.
Darkness.
She sits up, shivering, and breathes deeply, acclimating to her surroundings.
The frightened child retreats into a corner of the claustrophobic room, but the horse does not startle.
She runs, climbs and crawls.
She retreats into shadow, hiding.
Ghostly pale and adorned in eerie fetish garb, she appears to "sense" the presence of a stranger, targets Catherine in the shadows, and ATTACKS!
And sees the terrifying face of STARGHER.
A worried Novak searches the halls of the Campbell Center.
This is difficult for her.
She prods him.
As the agent brings the frightened animal into the monitoring area, Catherine and Valentine share a moment of "connection."
Young Stargher is at the sink WASHING DISHES, an anxious eye on the clock.
The boy's eyes fill with dread.
FROM WITHIN THE CLOSET, she watches the terrified child through a CRACK in the door.
Young Stargher backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
Terrified, she shakes her head "no."
The poor boy trembles with fear.
She again hears the WEIRD NOISE.
Catherine backs into a corner, fearing what will come.
A wave of fear, of impending doom, overtakes Catherine.
CLOUDS hover above a dark, gloomy landscape dotted with hills.
And Novak crawls into darkness.
THING THROUGH HIS THROAT!
He so desperately wants her affection, but fear prevents him from reaching out to her.
Scared, he shakes his head "no."
Terrified, the boy searches for a place to hide.
And she is haunted by the sight of a frightened child in the arms of a monster...  Henry notices significant activity on the monitors.
Pale and sweating, he winces as his stomach agonizingly cramps.
Panicked, he scrambles to shore and pulls himself to land.
Shivering, he hunches down, eyes darting this way and that.
Young Stargher's eyes open wide with silent terror.
Over his shoulder, she sees a SNAKE slither through the pool.
For a moment, Catherine appears frightened and intimidated.
She SLASHES across his chest, drawing blood.
Dead.
And there it is: The abandoned farmhouse!
And disappears.
CRASH!
IN THE KITCHEN, Miriam packs up her stethoscope and blood pressure monitor, moves into the living room as Dorothy falls asleep in a field of poppies...  Catherine nods, but she's more interested in the movie.
He mumbles in smothered terror; he twitches.
William wants to run, but he can't get his body to respond... and the hanging nobleman, his bloated tongue still bursting through his lips, moans...  WILLIAM tears himself from sleep; looking around, swallowing back his tears and panic.
Red-headed CAMPBELL, scarred and missing fingers, is stirred up, while his friend MacCLANNOUGH is reluctant.
William has been awake all night, afraid to sleep.
On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is preparing them.
William moves down to the room where his uncle would be sleeping.
Wind rushes in, blowing out his candle.
William has a bundle of clothes in his lap, and glances at his uncle as if afraid of his disapproval if he looks back.
We are in the -- Longshanks is being listened to by his advisors, all in the outrageous splendor of royal military dress, and all deathly afraid of him.
He looks dangerous.
As they break their embrace, a figure carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken door of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes.
It's the soldier with the scar, the one who's been staring at her.
As the townspeople try to move in the three soldiers waiting their turn at Marion pull their knives, keep them townspeople back.
She shouts to warn him that the scarred soldier, now bloodyfaced, has recovered from the rock and is behind William with a knife.
Marion controls him, but a flap of her ripped dress has caught on a crude nail, and as the frightened horse lunges forward again, she is pulled off its bare back, her dress catching and ripping at the same time, dropping her hard.
We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his horse pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with their eyes white with fear...
The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too.
Wallace's eyes shift, falling on Marion's blood, in a dark dry splash by the wall of the well, the stain dripping down onto the dirt of the street.
The messenger spurs his horse to gallop through -- and is hit in the chest with an axe!
On his FACE as he moves grimly up a dark castle staircase.
lying on his new tartan, in camp, with Hamish shaking him, William's arms clutched empty to his chest.
Wallace and his friends are starting to panic.
Pickering's men panic and run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident by their torches, fell with them in all directions.
Talmadge has begun to panic. the Scots are carving their way through the English soldiers; nothing can stop them.
sees the Scottish nobles attacking.
The English soldiers are in utter panic, running and being cut down on all sides.
Suddenly the men on the other end of the table change their attack.
Suddenly Wallace turns his back and walks toward the door.
It rumbles ominously TOWARD CAMERA...  THE CIVILIAN PANIC CONTINUES as more people join the swell of those leaving York.
Suddenly they look up in horror; the English are throwing the bodies of hanged Scots over the wall.
He approaches the central table with great dread and places the basket on it, uncovering its contents.
Edward rushes toward the window in horror.
Most of those there are shocked.
And as they draw nearer, Wallace hears a haunting noise.
The crossbowmen are distracted from their reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleash the dogs, fear races through the English line.
Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's horse!
He wakes, and listens to a strange noise.
are the assassins, killing knives ready.
Wallace wakes suddenly; sunlight!
He sits by a palace hearth, where a huge blaze burns; still he's huddled beneath a blanket, and coughing blood.
We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the street and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek.
On the platform are a noose, a dissection table with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an enormous axe.
He's just a scared Puerto Rican kid! JOSE immediately rolls over and feigns sleep as SCARFACE, a menacing guard with a jagged scar running down his cheek, looms close to COLE's cage and unlocks it.
A surreal image of abandoned buildings.
A large SPIDER tries to hide from the light.
BLACKNESS.
And it's her beeper that suddenly BEEPS.
The TERRIFIED TRAVELER looks up at YOUNG COLE, makes eye contact, but doesn't speak.
His eyes adjusting to the darkness, COLE watches them exit.
COLE has become preoccupied with a small SPIDER creeping along the window sill.
Grabbing the SPIDER, COLE scrambles back into bed just as the door opens and an ORDERLY probes the dark room with the blade of his flashlight.
A beat.
He attacks the nearest man.
She looks a little like RAILLY except for the dark hair, the make-up.
The room is dark now, except...  a slide is being projected on a torn screen.
The BRUNETTE runs up the concourse, her back to YOUNG COLE, as frightened PASSENGERS duck for cover, SHOUTING!
The walls of the gloomy chamber are damp, sweating.
DRIZZLING RAIN.
And SCREAMS.
COLE'S in a deep trench, naked, eyes wide with terror.
SUDDENLY, SHOTS RING OUT.
The AUDIENCE gives a nervous CHUCKLE.
RAILLY seems to be alone in the lot as she fishes keys from her purse, unlocks her car door, starts to open it when...  Suddenly, she's grabbed from behind in a choke-hold by a large shadowy MAN looming out of the darkness behind her.
RAILLY freezes, terrified, as he opens the rear door and scrambles in behind her.
RAILLY and COLE both react to the radio, suddenly alert.
RAILLY stares at him, then turns and is looking all around when, suddenly, COLE pulls her up tight and threatens...  ANGLE ON COLE, not listening, staring triumphantly!
RAILLY is considering her surroundings dubiously when, suddenly, COLE pulls her toward the mouth of a dark and forbidding alley.
Zipping his fly hastily, the SECOND THUG turns to deal with COLE but COLE attacks him.... rocking him again and again with savage blows that come one after another with lightning speed.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
RAILLY reacts, sudden fear in her eyes.
He looms over her.
A beat.
Then, suddenly, JEFFREY rushes to COLE and embraces him.
Panic.
SMASH.
Suddenly, he sees what he's looking for.
Disappeared.
Suddenly, the bedside phone RINGS.
CLOSE ON RAILLY, eager, concerned.
Is he crazy?
The knife clatters to the floor as WALLACE yelps in pain and COLE slams him to the floor, straddles his chest, retrieves the near-by knife, and presses it sharply against WALLACE'S neck.
RAILLY is pounding on the bathroom door now as, suddenly, it opens and COLE steps out, the knife in his right hand, dripping with blood.
In between nervous glances toward the door, RAILLY supervises as COLE obediently blocks the bathroom door with the bureau.
Turning, he faces the angry jaws of a BEAR only inches away Recovering from a jolt of terror, COLE realizes the BEAR is a life-size toy in the display window.
Looking at her laughing face, COLE is struck with horror as he realizes the truth!
MASON'S VOICE, plaintive, frightened.
He panics.
Suddenly, she backs up, gently maneuvering him with her, past the sleeping USHER, to and through an unlocked, unmarked door, then closing it behind them.
RAILLY'S POV:  the front page shows a photo of three frightened GIRAFFES in freeway gridlock under a headline proclaiming, "TERRORISTS CREATE CHAOS".
ANGLE ON RAZZLY, suddenly spotting DR.
PETERS, frightened, glancing back, walking faster.
PETERS as frightened TRAVELERS SCREAM and dive for cover.
Suddenly, her gaze falls on YOUNG COLE and she reacts... she's found what she's looking for!
HIGH WIDE ON: TENS OF THOUSANDS of CHITAURI stand ready in a seething mass of neat rows and columns.... the ground simply Out in the NEW MEXICO desert, a remote research facility is in a state of panic.
SELVIG clacks away at the keyboard and sees on the monitoring his worst nightmares.
Suddenly- the Tesseract THUNDERS and SHAKES the entire facility.
SHIELD GUARDS slowly approach, weapons in hands.
Loki jumps high from the platform and ATTACKS those firing at him.
He stops and waits to see who will attack him next.
Barton's eyes suddenly glow BLACK.
Loki, Barton, Selvig and the other S.H.I.E.L.D personnel are in the parking lot of the facility, quickly gathering certain weapons.
A beat.
Out in the outskirts, near a railroad, a still in construction building is being occupied by GEORGI LUCHKOV, a LARGE, RUSSIAN GENERAL along with his THUGS.
Dialogue is in RUSSIAN.
Natasha is now scared.
Suddenly, WEASELLY THUG'S cell rings.
A beat.
Like a spider, she stands up elegantly and starts ATTACKING TALL THUG by KICKBOXING him in the face.
Points to the energy in his chest plate.
As Pepper leaves with Agent Coulson, Tony grabs the Tesseract in holograph form, worried.
THE OTHER runs over to attack him, but stops as Loki points his scepter.
Steve walks up to Banner and shakes his hands.
Suddenly the HELICARRIER starts SHAKING as it prepares to fly "sail."
Banner, reluctantly shakes it.
He PLUNGES down the doctor's eye.
Suddenly, from Barton's instrument, a holographic eye of the head doctor appears and the image of the doctor appears on screen.
THUNDER.
I'll fly you there.
Tony and Banner shake hands.
A beat.
An intelligence organization that fears intelligence?
Steve takes in the possibility, but as an obedient soldier, shakes it off.
Suddenly, he stops.
H.I.E.L.D monitors potential threat potential threats?
Threatening!
His voice has the change in it -- the bitter amusement is morphing to a growled threat.
She stops.
She stops.
Loki walks up to him and CROUCHES down to attack.
Loki stands there in caution, as does his GUARDING Suddenly, GUARDING SOLDIER falls down like a tree.
As he forces the knife down, she BITES his wrist.
Barton lets go of the knife.
A beat.
Natasha watches over him as Barton tries to shake off Loki's mind control.
A blinding BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on MJOLNIR.
Loki TAPS Tony on the chest with his scepter.
They and their weapons collide.
Suddenly, the city LURCHES to a stop.
They look up and see Loki taking his band down the street and FIRES at the street IN A TERRIFIED PEOPLE running from Loki, looking over their shoulders, coming straight at us.
TWO CHITAURI SOLDIERS attack.
She then JUMPS on the rider and STICKS her knives into his nervous system.
DEAD.
Destroyed.
THE HULK jumps in, ready to attack.
As Thor takes the reins, a CHITAURI LEVIATHAN crashes through a building, knocking him down to where Cap is, fighting off SOLDIERS.
Suddenly, another 7 ALPHA 11 JET FLIES off.
He presses it.
PEPPER, along with her crew, watches on T.V., in horror, the destruction in NEW YORK.
Tony looks in horror.
We then see Tony's horror.
Suddenly, all of the CHITAURI SOLDIERS and CHITAURI LEVIATHANS KEEL OVER and begin to SHAKE, then stop.
Suddenly, a flashlight cuts open the darkness and we find ourselves in -- The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way across the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms as it spooled soot up the walls and ceiling leaving patterns of permanent shadow.
In blind panic, another airs his gun, the barrel, a fixed black hole -- And FIRES -- Trinity twists out of the way, the bullet missing as she reverses into a roundhouse kick, knocking the gun away.
He shakes his head, not completely sure what happened.
The WIND suddenly BLASTS up the face of the building, knocking Neo off balance.
The agents lead a handcuffed Neo out of the revolving doors, forcing his head down as they push him into the dark sedan.
Wild with fear, he lunges for the door but the agents restrain him holding him in the chair.
It CONTINUES RINGING, building pressure in the room, forcing him up out of bed, sucking him in with an almost gravitational force.
She hangs up.
He strides to Neo and they shake hands.
The mirror creeps up his neck as Neo begins to panic, tipping his head as though he were sinking into the mirror, trying to keep his mouth up.
Neo begins to drown when he is suddenly snatched from the flow of waste.
The wind is knocked from Neo's chest.
There are several disturbing NOISES as he works the needle in.
The room is dark.
Everyone is asleep.
Neo swallows another throat- scorching mouthful.
He hangs up.
Mouse's body thrashes against its harness as -- BULLETS POUND him against the blood-splattered brick window.
Cypher is carried out, hand-cuffed, his body still shaking, mucus bubbling out his nose.
He fires -- But Morpheus' is too fast, using the manhole cover as a shield, blocking the darts, then -- Frisbee-ing it into the cop's armored chest, knocking him off his feet.
Across the street is the burning paddy wagon that appears to have collided witli an oncoming car.
Dead machines, eviscerated and shrouded with dust lay on metal shelves like bodies in a morgue.
Cypher holds his chest.
She suddenly feels her body severed from her mind as she is murdered.
She turns to Neo, eyes wide with fear, and he knows he is next.
Cypher is on the ground, his left leg blown off at the knee.
She glares at him.
A dark wind blows.
They cut across the lobby drawing nervous glances.
Dark glasses, game faces.
He looks up the long, dark throat of the building and takes a deep breath.
Nervous, the Marines watch as the ELEVATOR "DINGS" softly and slides open.
An enormous EXPLOSION THUNDERS above them, shaking the building.
Guns and knives, like extensions of their bodies used with the same deadly precision as their feet and their fists.
Neo sees her, the fear in her face, and he knows what is behind him.
Marines, trying to communicate with the men on the roof, are beginning to panic when Agent Jones comes around the corner.
Agent Smith is hit first, his body jack-knifing back, blood arcing out with a sudden flash of light -- Then Agent Brown, his GUN still FIRING as his body falls.
Morpheus lifts his face into the room's rain.
Both shaking, they hold each other again.
The Old Man is shaking, terrified.
He starts to turn from the edge of the building when he suddenly hears it, his head whipping back around, staring -- As the Old Man stares.
And this time Agent Smith's attack is too much, an unrelenting fury, fists pounding like jackhammers.
The Agent is about to jump down, and press his attack when he hears sonething.
Neo stands, knees shaking, when the train slams on its emergency brake.
She pounds on his chest.
He steps out of the phone booth and starts walking, wearing a long black coat and dark glasses.
Suddenly, Sue Ann is hit by an errant rubber ball.
HOLD on David's shocked expression ...   MUSIC UP AS Betty's not sure what Del said, but the panic in his voice got through.
Del is facing her, tiny rivulets of blood running into his terrified eyes.
Wesley stands at his shoulder, still holding a handful of his hair, still poised with the knife.
A terrified SCREAM as the cake lands unceremoniously on the entryway.
A police car pulls up to Sue Ann's house.
Suddenly, she hits the gas and bolts off along the Oklahoma blacktop.
Charlie climbs down from the big rig and heads across the parking lot.
She hangs up.
Merle SLAMS his hand down on the bar, scaring her.
She looks worried.
As they near Emergency the NOISE LEVEL picks up.
Betty walks toward her calmly, indifferent to the danger as Rosa pulls the gurney out of the ambulance herself.
She peels back the bandages over a huge chest wound.
Charlie POUNDS on the hood of the car, scaring Wesley.
Wesley is in the car, but he's too scared to tell Charlie, whose eyes are blazing.
A moment of silence as they drive.
They shake hands.
She stops.
It's a standoff.
He hangs up.
Austere.
She's shaking with fear.
Suddenly a light snaps on for her and she stares at him.
Suddenly, she hears a familiar voice.
Betty nods, scared, and looks through the peephole.
He has trouble starting this.
It falls soundlessly onto his chest.
She looks at Roy in a slightly different way before crawling away toward the kitchen.
Lyla shakes her head "no." George and Betty sit across from one another in a booth.
Her large Victorian skirt spreads across the men's arms and backs, on her head a black bonnet, around her neck her pad and pen.
Sc 12     EXT     BEACH                         DAY     Sc 12 ADA is sheltering behind the crated piano, anxiety etched on her face.
FLORA  is asleep at her feet a half eaten biscuit in her hand ADA has found a gap through the crate so that she might lift the lid and play a few notes.
ADA is hand signaling a story to FLORA who lies back watching, nervous and afraid.
He walks to another chest She writes "clothes".
ADA gets worried, the piano is being left alone.
None of this is a concern to ADA who is distracted with fear for her piano.
BAINES and he are but small dots in this giant earth scar Sc 43     INT     BAINES' HUT                    DAY     Sc 43 Inside BAINES' hut the old man feels the piano.
It takes off under the house.
She is shy and nervous She turns to BAINES who nods.
BAINES moves close, he goes down on his knees to watch her feet on the pedals.
Then suddenly aware of her stillness he too becomes still.
She is surprised then anxious as she fears the deal may be off when there are flaw so few keys to go.
She looks over at the house suddenly aware that the piano playing has stopped again.
She stops.
BAINES' face crumples with the exquisite pain of his pleasure, ADA cradles his head to her chest.
BAINES struggles through her dress anxious to touch her skin.
There are sounds inside which are worrying him.
ADA is distracted, collecting her buttons from the floor, concerned at the time past, worried to dress and return.
Her movement and moans increase until she wakes suddenly sitting bolt upright.
His eyes well with tears and he looks up into her face like a child after a bad dream, fearful and trusting.
ADA sees where they are headed and suddenly she is very scared.
ADA blinks rigid with fear.
Her face is ashen, her eyes fearful as she walks unseeingly straight into a large tree stump.
STEWART wraps the finger in a white handkerchief and gives it to FLORA who backs away from him terrified.
A soft rain begins to fall.
It is raining hard as he rides out, hatless, shoeless and gunless, but clutching to his chest ADA's engraved key.
BAINES kneels in front of her shaking her.
BAINES stops shaking her, she scrambles away and out the door.
She looks back at him worried.
Suddenly be looks off in to the far distance.
Over her head she has a dark cloth, her voice makes low guttural sounds as it repeats the vowels.
(Is it a ghost.)
WITH REVISION #5  (Goldenrod.)
November 4, 1987            November 23, 1987 WITH REVISION #4  (Yellow.)
We ARE LOOKING east past Inglewood INTO the orange grid of L.A. at night when suddenly we TILT UP TO CATCH the huge belly of a landing 747 -- the noise is deafening.
Suddenly, he hears -- McClane turns, looks at the Babbit clone next to him.
Caught, he tenses, holds his armrests in exaggerated fear.
McClane tries to get comfortable, scowls as a RUSTLING NOISE reveals wrappers and styrofoam from Taco Bell.
As he approaches the 30th floor we hear a tremendous THUMPING, THROBBING NOISE.
As the doors open the noise ATTACKS us.
Suddenly the other man pulls out a Walther pistol with a silencer and aims it at the Guard's forehead.
The killer moves behind the desk, stepping over a small pool of blood from the Guard.
It, too, is dead.
As they grow closer, we hear the noise of the speakers growing louder and louder.
Two terrorists, FRANCE and FRITZ, armed with M-5 machine guns searching the offices on the hall one by one.
The other terrorist, Franco, goes to Ellis' office and opens the door.
He's clearly scared but trying to fake courage.
CAMERA ADJUSTS to show Holly, concerned.
Suddenly he looks up at the ceiling and sees a sprinkler head.
Tony heads toward the noise.
McClane suddenly PISTOL WHIPS Tony across the head.
Tony REELS, then swallows, worried for the first time.
The Dispatcher looks critically at the Supervisor in the sudden silence.
Suddenly McClane turns a corner and sees Karl.
He turns out his lighter, and starts crawling.
The three terrorists rush down from the roof in hot pursuit, Karl leading the way through the door.
Suddenly the duct McClane is in GROANS slightly under his weight.
A lone police black-and-white pulls out of the shadows of a side street and begins a slow cruise toward the Nakatomi building.
Suddenly a tall terrorist, James, moves along the wall and looks over at Powell's car.
Suddenly Marco's body CRASHES onto the hood of his car.
Suddenly a barrage of MACHINE GUN FIRE from Alexander on the third floor drowns out his call!
A trailer is being backed into a parking lot, which will become the police center of operations.
An unmarked police car pulls up across the street from Nakatomi building and a MAN in a sportcoat climbs out.
He savors the dregs of his current number, then suddenly becomes aware of an almost EERIE QUIET.
Shadows move on trailer walls.
Suddenly rifle fire sounds from the building.
More shots ring out from the building going over the SWAT officers' heads and suddenly the huge dome of one of the spotlights shatters behind Mitchell and Robinson's head.
The two SWAT officers cutting the garage ate suddenly look up as their cover starts to disappear.
They look on in horror as the armored car sits helplessly on fire.
The hostages are shaken and the terrorists guarding them aren't too sure of themselves either.
Holly worries.
He suddenly REACTS to a GROAN from McClane.
Hands shaking, eyes filled with fear, he swallows, looks up at McClane and in a perfect American accent says: Hans' eyes dart towards: Where a tiny piece of his gun sticks out, barely visible.
The poor frightened civilian shows a hint of a smile.
Hans is still a "nervous wreck."
Hans nods, still "frightened".
As Thornburg GRINS we GO TO: Eddie and Uli are guarding the hostages.
The FBI guys look at the dark building, than at the LAPD guys.
Suddenly a GUN BARREL is pressed against his head.
Uli herds the hostages up onto the roof, pushing the last few out.
They float toward us, hugging the street, their prop wash shaking the trees.
The overtaxed metal SNAPS, links flying: Hans' face registers his horror as he and most of the watch suddenly drop.
Smoke drifts up from what has suddenly become the top floor.
As the crowd panics trying to escape, Karl locks eyes with McClane and levels his gun.
Suddenly McClane and Holly squint as LIGHTS pan onto them.
This causes a few nervous glances in the room.
The basic outfitting is masculine enough, but the room is full of feminine little accents; flowers in vases, porcelain desk accessories etc. Donovan is slightly overwhelmed.
Suddenly, there's a voice at the door.
Sprawled across him asleep is a MEXICAN WOMAN in her late twenties.
Vaughn shakes it and nods.
On Hayes' look, we...  It's dark.
Everyone's asleep.
Suddenly Hayes, in his pajamas and bare feet comes streaking toward the starting line in hot pursuit.
He plays them off to his left side a bit, almost as if he's afraid to get bit by them.
Vaughn's hand freezes on his locker latch, afraid to open it now.
taking a hard ground ball off the chest.
Even at this size we can tell it scares the hell out of him, but it works its magic.
Suddenly, his reverie is interrupted by the sound of applause.
Suddenly the silence is shattered by a loud explosive SOUND, scaring the hell out of everybody.
It's outside.
He goes up the stairs and knocks on the door.
He shakes anyway.
He's worried.
Vaughn shakes his head no.
He emerges onto the box level to see Lynn disappearing down the ramp toward the parking lot. in the parking lot.
Both are winded.
blowing fast balls by hitter.
hitting a prodigious home run onto the roof.
Most of the other players are asleep after a late night of partying.
The two shake hands.
We take CUTS of worried faces on the bench.
Vaughn nods, but we can tell he's too nervous to have digested any of that.
Vaughn watches him come with fear and trepidation.
Vaughn shakes it off.
Vaughn shakes it off.
101 on the gun.
The first baseman looks up to see something that strikes fear into his heart across the field.
Atop him...  she straddles his chest... her breasts in his face.
She arches her back...  her hips grind... her breasts are high...  Her back arches back... back...  her head tilts back... she extends her arms...  the right arm comes down suddenly...  the steel flashes...  his throat is white...
It is more a mansion than a house.
And she is suddenly out of the bedroom.
They watch her.
He watches her.
They watch him.
MARTIN NILSEN  is suddenly there.
Beth Gardner, the police psychologist, is suddenly there.
He sits in an unmarked police car on a hillside above the house, watching.
She suddenly starts speeding up on this dangerous road, cutting in and out, passing cars very fast.
He watches.
Blackness.
He stops.
He pulls up to the house, gets out of his unmarked police car.
The door suddenly opens.
He watches her.
He watches her.
He storms into the big room.
They watch him.
She stops.
He watches her.
She turns suddenly.
He watches her.
It is large, dark, shadowy It was once the sacristy.
He watches.
Atop him...  she leans close over his face, her tongue in his mouth... kneeling over him...  she moves his arms above his head... moves higher atop him...  her breasts in his face... she reaches over to the side...  a white silk scarf is in her hand... she moves higher above him...  kneeling over his face... moving oh-so-slightly...  his face strains towards her.
And he is inside her...  her arms above him... his eyes open...  she kisses his neck... bites but not hard...   moves... grinding hard against him now.. she is on her knees...  head arches back.. her breasts high.. still grinding.
It is dark, quiet.
She startles him.
He lies on the bed in the dark, quiet room.
He wakes up.
A beat.
He watches her.
He hurls himself across the Porsche's hood...  barely avoiding the car.
She is dead.
They shake hands with him.
Nick is driving down winding road to Stinson house.
He watches her.
She watches him.
The apartment is dark.
She is startled.
He starts going up the dark stairway.
Gus is suddenly there, onway to his car.
It stops.
It stops.
He is dead.
He spins suddenly, gun, in hand.
She is hit in the chest, goes down.
And she dies.
There are flecks of blood on it.
He hangs up.
He starts to walk up the dark stairway, we see him walking up several flights of steps.
The apartment is dark.
Beat.
Weir's eyes grow large with fear and then the anaesthesia hits.
Weir reaches out to touch her shoulder, then pulls his hand back, afraid.
He is drowning.
He presses against the glass of the tank, trying to force it open, panicked.
The crew surrounds him, concerned.
The cluster buckles under the stress.
The corridor ends at a pressure door.
She never saw the horror behind her.
The gravity wave surges forward, blowing out emergency lights as it comes, flotsam and jetsam swirling in its wake... Data floods Miller's workstation, flashing across the screen too fast for comprehension...
Miller tries to get his bearings in the dark.
The darkness of the Core ripples...  Justin suddenly emerges from the darkness, a white figure riding a wave of impenetrable blackness.
An emergency klaxon RINGS out: PRESSURE WARNING.
Beat.
Miller follows Weir's gaze to the wall: a Rorschach test in blood...  PULL BACK from the bridge windows TO REVEAL...
It glistens with blood.
Comatose.
She GASPS.
The Airlock light turns red -- a warning.
Suddenly, the lights fade out.
She speaks again, no longer far away, but a close WHISPER in his ear: Weir's eyes open wide in hope and fear.
The scalpel falls from his hands.
Beat.
He tries to shake her off, but she traps his arm in a wrist-lock.
Afraid to breathe.
Weir shakes the trance.
Peters' voice barely penetrates the pressure door: Justin turns off the artificial gravity.
A yellow warning light flashes.
A warning klaxon WHOOPS, deafening.
FIRES.
A web of cracks spreads out from the bullet, the glass SHRIEKING under the pressure.
And she will be dead.
Miller attacks.
A dark sphere of energy spreads out from the containment as the gateway opens...
MOVE towards the ship until its shadow consumes all...  Starck awakens but the SCREAMS continue as the Event Horizon calls out to her... she SCREAMS...  hands on her body... the CRIES stop...  Starck looks around uncomprehending at the faces around her. Cooper pushes them aside.
O.S. we hear a faint rattling noise from somewhere in the house.
She quickly hangs up the phone before the silence can be broken by the voice she knows is waiting on the other end.
Jill is terrified.
She starts to shake.
Although his face is hidden in shadows, we can see from his hands that he is engaged in writing something down.
Clifford stands and they shake hands.
They glare at each other.
It looks like a nervous facial movement.
Garber stops suddenly, stunned.
A car pulls into the parking lot behind the station.
Across the street in a dark space between two buildings, Duncan is waiting, watching the front door of the bar to see who comes out.
She is starting to come apart, and she suddenly leans on Clifford for support.
Tracy looks at him for a breathless moment, her eyes wild with fear.
Then she screams.
He is frightened, but he feels safe for now.
We can't tell what he is thinking, except that he's obviously deeply frightened and cannot understand what's happening to him.
The "chit-chit" noises grow steadily louder as the boy's apprehension turns to fear, then to terror.
Suddenly, we cut back to a WIDE SHOT of the room.
Then, just as suddenly, the boy starts wailing again and he runs off down the alleyway.
He's sleeping, but his eyes suddenly open, sensing danger.
He is but six or seven bodies away when Duncan jumps up suddenly and bolts for the door.
Duncan flees through a narrow door off to the side of the church.
Duncan is hidden deep in the shadows of a nook between two buildings, catching his breath.
They shake warmly.
A wall phone in the kitchen starts to ring.
John stops suddenly.
She is shaking and sobbing uncontrollably.
The children are in bed, asleep.
June closes her eyes and immediately falls back to sleep.
She is shocked.
John is fast asleep next to her, on his side facing away from her.
Suddenly, the lights go out.
He closes his eyes and is asleep.
John is still asleep facing the wall.
Her eyes still riveted to the door, Jill grabs her husband's shoulder and shakes him, her voice cracking with fear.
Duncan, the hideous and terrifying sound of his madness grumbling out of his throat, manages to grab the back of her nightgown.
Duncan is on her in a flash, clutching at her and moving his hands for her throat.
Pete, covering his worry well, drives onto the lot.
Nearly out of breath and panicking, Pete shucks off the jacket and heads for the surface.
Everything shakes.
Beat.
There's a noise offscreen, and Lardner looks up.
Beat.
He starts kissing her neck, and she suddenly realizes -- she's stopped hiccuping.
Halfway down, she stops suddenly and stares at Luke.
Adele's staring at Luke, Lardner's staring at Luke, and Luke's getting nervous.
Caesar and Coca are involved in an intricate bit of business, and Lardner wants to laugh, but he's afraid to.
The rickety old upright is tinny-sounding and slightly out- of-tune.
Suddenly...  LUKE'S A GHOST!!
He raises his arms and plays the bogeyman for the kids, who scream in mock terror and scatter, as Harry and Adele laugh.
Luke tenses...  the building starts shaking... and the train passes by behind the theater.
"B-I-J-O-U" is proudly emblazoned across his chest in gold brocaded letters.
His eyes lock upon Suddenly, all of Pete Appleton's worries have come crashing down on him...  ... because he remembers...
Luke, gripped by a sudden fear, rushes up the aisle and into the lobby.
Doc Lardner has a stethoscope to his chest.
Now, there's nothing in the least bit threatening about the gathering -- and that's what's so disturbing about it.
Shock.
Beat.
Rory's getting worried.
Beat.
Adele breathes a sigh of relief.
Beat.
Beat.
He stops suddenly.
Pete's terrified, but in control.
Silence in the room.
We BOOM UP TO THE TOP OF THE THEATER, and the "BIJOU" sign...  ... as the train RUMBLES BY behind the theater...  ... and the "J" teeters loose and swings by a thread...  ... and we IRIS DOWN ON IT AND.... Above Midtown section of the city.
Suddenly, we tip downward, go to the narrow space between shade and sill, peep into the room.
Lowery is a pleasant, worried-faced man, big and a trifle pompous.
Mary watches the entire exchange with a look of stony horror on her face.
Mary looks worried about having to make this stop, keeps her face turned away from the shack, not wishing it to be seen.
She is disturbed and angry and frightened at her inability to act normally under the pressure of guilt.
She suddenly turns off the highway.
She stares at the papers, turns away, as if what she is fearing would have to be impossible, then, having to satisfy herself, goes to the stand, drops a dime in the iron slot, picks up a LOS ANGELES newspaper, starts back into the car lot as she glances worried at the front page.
She looks at him, in near panic, wanting to skip the whole thing.
All these panic-fears rush her mind and she can do nothing.
He pauses a moment, then drives across the lot, passing the office, going on to the other exit, stops there as Mary's car is driven back onto the lot.
CAMERA IS CLOSE on Mary's face now, recording her anxiety, her fears.
The oncoming headlights blurt at her. Suddenly we HEAR Lowery's voice, loud now and frightened, as if the anxiety in the man's voice was strong enough to break through Mary's effort to keep her mind silent and her imagination blank.
She is becoming aware of the rain starting.
She presses down, forces the car to move on through the flooded road.
A look of pure horror erupts in her face.
A low terrible groan begins to rise up out of her throat.
The CAMERA now moves away over to the window and looks up to the house, and as it gets there we HEAR, coming from within the house, the SOUND of Norman's fearful, shocked voice.
He dashes into an extreme close up and we see the terror and fear ripe in his face.
He works carefully, with his arms extended away from his body, slowly pulls the dead body out of the tub, drags it across the tile floor and onto the spread-out shower curtain in the bedroom.
Then he picks up the wrapped body, crosses to the door, uses his foot to pull the door open, and, leaving the door open behind him, goes quickly across the porch and gently lays the body in the trunk.
Suddenly there is the LOW, THROBBING SOUND of a motor.
Norman begins to panic, he steps dangerously close, pushes with his foot.
Lila studies him with a quiet, worried expression.
As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying him intently as she says: Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hostile expression on Lila's face.
She stops, the anxiety and fear building up in her, her eyes beginning to fill with worried tears.
Norman switches on the overhead light, starts for the linen closet, suddenly pauses, turns, studies Arbogast, who has remained standing by the door.
The house is dark within except, as we can now see, for a faint spill of light in the foyer, light which comes from the upstairs hall.
The knife slashes across his cheek and neck.
Blood spurts.
The sudden attack throws him off balance.
A wicked knife keeps thrusting itself into the foreground.
She turns and again looks to the deserted street with a touch of anxiety.
He is still.
We see Lila's desperate anxious look.
A dark, quiet, tree-ceilinged street, the small neat houses dim in the moonlight.
Suddenly he rises, starts quickly out of the room, tries to switch off the lamp as he goes and in so doing succeeds only in knocking the bird off the shade.
Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts toward the church.
As the truck drives off, For a moment, both are silent; Sam watching the road as if there were other cars on it, Lila staring at nothing in particular, except perhaps her own inner fear.
He has pulled the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down at the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who is standing by the truck and looking up at the house.
We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of panic and his struggle to contain it.
The CAMERA approaching the house.
She goes to it, knocks lightly.
He is close to panic now.
Something self-assured and confident in Sam's tone gives Norman a new, more terrified alarm.
He looks back at Sam and there is terror in his voice.
For a moment Lila panics, then she hurries down the steps, cannot go in the direction of the front door, remembers the stairway behind her, turns and runs in that direction.
His footsteps on the stairs followed by the fast noises of doors opening, of fast moving about an upstairs room.
Lila calls a harsh, frightened whisper.
Lila looks at it in horror.
The terrified, fight-to-the-death look of Sam.
The scene has a bright glare about it, that quality of sudden light thrown on a fearful darkness.
The Police Guard, carrying the blanket, comes down this corridor, goes to the door.
The Police Guard has placed the blanket on Norman's knees.
Suddenly, A GIANT YELLOW FROG jumps onto the keyboard, fritzing the monitor.
are in possession.
He carries a terrible battle scar oon his face.
are stunned.
Now Zim attacks.
Zim sweeps Shujumi's legs, puts a knee in the little man's throat.
Zim yanks the knife out of the post.
The two late cadets are terrified.
The recruits stare in horror.
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
They start to caress again when suddenly ALARMS sound.
Dizzy is suddenly standing next to him.
Around the room there's singing and dancing, a mad sort of revelry bred of fear and excitement, but nearby a VETERAN drinks alone.
Each has a similiar scar: Lightning bolts on a shield and the words:	DEATH FROM ABOVE. of every class maneuver in tight orbit around the orange planet.
Johnny touches down, stares in horror as Kitten Smith's head rolls past his fee.
stare at the BATTLE-SCARED STARSHIPS and BURNT-OUT HULKS that line the docks of Ticonderoga.
Johnny's wounds are now mostly scars except for his leg where delicate robotic arms culture layers of new tissue.
There are scars, power prosthetics, and one, big SUGAR WATKINS, 26, wears a bug claw on a chain around his neck.
Horrified, knee-deep Roughnecks set them afire.
Suddenly, the ground collapses under Rasczak.
holds Dizzy in his arms, drenched in her blood, fighting G-forces as the boats heads for orbit.
Carmen touches the scar over her eye.
Suddenly, everyone has someplace to go.
She's right out of Tereshkova, and she looks scared.
PANICKED CREW shoving, screaming, fighting.
The warriors holding Carmen threaten.
Kay and Dee move past him and approach the row of nervous immigrants.
From behind Mikey, they hear a terrified GASP.
Janus freezes, terrified.
He jabs a finger into Janus' chest.
The Perp, now straddled by Edwards, is terrified.
The Perp SCREAMS inhumanly and panics.
At the sound of Kay's voice, Jeebs suddenly pales, a look of fear coming over his face.
Jeebs, panicked, hits a button on the underside of the counter, which promptly flips over, revealing yet another dusty shelf, piled high with junk -- -- but this is all alien junk.
Kay raises the weapon again, threatening.
Edgar staggers back a step, terrified.
BEATRICE sits at the kitchen table, terrified, still wiping away tears from Edgar's diatribe.
She looks up at him, anxious.
Frightened, she takes a glass of water from the table.
Stillness.
The morning light spills on an abundance of spiders, crawling everywhere -- big ones, small ones, hundreds of them have moved in and taken over this dusty place.
LETHAL GAS starts to HISS from the end of the hose.
For the first time since we've seen him, Kay is nervous.
Redgick gets out of the car, worried.
He heads into Leshko's, a Russian diner.
Rosenberg and the Arquillian freeze, paralyzed with fear.
ROSENBERG'S CAT, still on his chest, MEOWS curiously as the stretcher approaches two doors with "City Morgue" written across them.
In the morgue, LAUREL has fallen asleep on her desk, her head in her arms.
Suddenly, the cat looks up, MEOWING urgently.
sinking her hands into the body as she moves things aside.
Inside the van, the ornate rosewood box is now battered and scarred, its various locks holding tight against EDGAR's repeated attempts to claw his way into it.
In the morgue, LAUREL is working at a desk when suddenly ROSENBERG'S CAT leaps up onto it from nowhere, the way cats do, landing right in the middle of the file she's studying.
Suddenly, quick as a gunfighter, Tony SNAPS the fly swatter down on a BUZZING FLY.
He's dead, a frozen look of terror on his face and the can of Raid still clutched in his hand.
ORION the cat suddenly attacks, leaping off the top of the cabinet and landing on Edgar, HISSING and scratching and clawing for all she's worth.
Standoff.
He's running from cab to cab, pounding on windows, scaring the living shit out of people -- -- but Laurel and Edgar are nowhere to be found.
Jay, terrified, holds on for dear life.
JAY looks on, in stunned horror...  AS THE BUG TURNS TO JAY AND STRETCHES TO ITS FULL HEIGHT and lets loose a Laurel is still watching.
ON THE BUG.
STANLEY looks down at his LAP in horror.
He chuckles...  Suddenly his view of the street DISAPPEARS.
He jumps back inside, waits, opens the door again...  His eyes widen in horror as he steps out to survey the scene.
She's overcome with emotion.
She hears a sudden GASP from the kitchen.
STU is suddenly aware of something LONG, RED, and WET unrolling onto his shoulder.
STU is giving chase when - suddenly - a DOOR blows open in the chill night wind.
STU backs away involuntarily, with a mounting sense of dread... and MONKEYBONE jumps into his arms, clinging to him fearfully.
MONKEYBONE scurries alongside, terrified.
MONKEYBONE cowers in fear as the REAPER gets up, shaking a fist at them.
The REAPER, scared shitless, jumps back on his bike and PEDALS OFF as the ball whizzes past.
Her hand goes to her mouth in horror and grief.
The ORB is where nightmares happen.
The DARKTOWNERS are rubbing their hands together in anticipation of horrors to come.
STU looks from one misshapen face to the next, his heart pounding with dread.
And the BACKGROUND behind her MORPHS suddenly into...
It's obvious that the nightmares they're watching are more than mere entertainment - they get some kind of addictive, visceral charge from the spectacle of human terror.
STU breaks free and FLINGS HIMSELF on the ORB - which SHORTS OUT in a haze of smoke and sparks, abruptly ending the nightmare.
The group exchanges nervous glances: it's risky.
Panic time!
MONKEYBONE covers both eyes and wails in fear.
It's STU'S PAINTING - the one ALICE found in the closet, the wolf-surgeon canvas from his scary period - - and as the bicycle SLAMS INTO IT, it begins to TOPPLE OVER - PINNING STU against the ground underneath!
Terrified, she rolls out of the way.
The house is crawling with PRESS.
He can't move anything except his EYES; he looks right, left, up, down...  ...and suddenly he sees HYPNOS winking into view directly in front of him!
STU-BONE sits up suddenly in bed.
A LIGHT goes on suddenly in the outside hallway!
A purple cloud of NIGHTMARE GAS hits BUSTER in the face.
Disheveled but triumphant, STU-BONE stands up, pounds his chest with both fists, and lets out a Tarzanian ROAR.
The Dark Town audience is scratching its collective head at Buster's dream, which is showing in one of HYP'S NIGHTMARE ORBS.
He finds KITTY hunched in the corner on all fours, surrounded by blood and tufts of fur and an abandoned GUARD'S HAT.
They hear FOOD raining down behind them.
The nightmare drug is kicking in!
He's PSYCHOTIC: The three women exchange looks of stupefied HORROR.
Suddenly he notices the COPS marching up with JULIE, O.D. STU and co. in tow.
He freezes, terrified - BACKS AWAY from the BABE - - and catches a BAT IN THE FACE.
He manages to grab ONE END of the liver - but a TIGER gets the other end - - and it's a TUG-OF-WAR until the tiger BITES the liver in half, sending the terrified SURGEON sprawling on the pavement outside the bars!
When the punchbowl strikes, he GOES DOWN HARD, PITCHING the ice chest...  ... at a pair of COPS who are over by the pinata, loading CONFISCATED MONKEYBONE DOLLS into a SHOPPING CART.
The ICE CHEST knocks them off their feet - and sends the SHOPPING CART rolling downhill!
JULIE et al SCREAM IN HORROR as the two bodies plunge earthward.
... and falling and falling until they SMACK INTO the hot asphalt of the parking lot, the deflated balloon settling over them like a shroud.
A BUNCH OF FRIGHTENED DARKTOWNERS pitch the quivering satyr out into the middle of the town square.
Suddenly, the light within goes out.
Camera arcs quickly around from over his shoulder to hold on door behind him, missing his face as he rises and turns to confront Miss Anderson, who has come into the room to shoo him out.
He shakes him.
Leland's head is seen to turn slightly as he looks into Kane's face - camera very close on this - Kane turns to him and we know their eyes have met, although their faces are almost in sillhouette.
As camera pulls back over shoulder of official, taking in Kane, Leland, and Bernstein, we see the bustle and noise of departing ocean liner.
More staff members in shirt sleeves in a state of panic.
A little blood flows.
He stops.
Kane is perplexed and worried, but we can see in a moment his mind will be on something else.
He stops himself.
The curtain starts to rise - the camera with it - the blinding glare of the foots moves up Susan's body and hits her face.
The street is wet - after a recent rain.
He bites his lip and rubs his knee again.
It's in moderate disorder.
Kane, with soaped hands, has rubbed his face and now cannot open his eyes, for fear of getting soap in them.
We see the same tableau as before - the terrified and trembling Susan, the apprehensive principals, the maids and singing teachers, the stage hands.
Beyond her, we see the prompter's box, containing the anxious face of the prompter.
Suddenly he starts to applaud furiously.
Susan, in a nightgown, is in bed, asleep.
The housekeeper, Mrs. Tinsdall, and a couple of maids are near the door but are too afraid to be in front of it.
Kane gives the glass ball a gentle shake and starts another snowstorm.
Kane shakes the ball again.
Something's wrong, then: the woman's body in an unnatural position, more thrown than laid across the bed.
Haunted eyes.
The third man - not much more than a KID, visibly frightened - backs towards the door.
The Kid freezes, his frightened BREATHS almost enough to drown the sound out.
Urban armor, scarred by countless nights of service.
Trevor stands his ground, not flinching at Max's threat.
She speaks with a Russian accent - smiling, a little nervous.
Russian Mob.
Natasha continues to TALK, her Russian anxious as Mona's bodyguards push through the crowd.
Max fights his way down a dark hall, searching the shadowed faces he passes.
As Max strains to see detail in the dark room, a face materializes in the haze: cheeks laced with tattoos, eyes twinkling flames sunk in deep shadow.
Natasha walks down a dark, desolate block, the sound of her HEELS echoing off of the crumbling buildings around her. Her eyes are still wild, her stride quick and aggressive.
The sound of much larger BEATING WINGS fills the alley...  Eyes wide with terror, Natasha searches for something in the shapes cast by the moths, dread deepening as she finds it: Natasha CRIES OUT, stumbling back.
She suddenly stops running...
Blood drips down the walls, shadows teem with movement...
The double doors fly open onto a massive office - dark wood panelling, a wall of windows glowing white from the snow.
BB stands beside him, anxious.
Unseen by Max, something moves in the shadows behind him...  long black shadows billow from the Figure's shoulders... Max backs away from the corner, deeper into the dark alley where three SHAPES are surging forward to meet him...  Max dodges, but his pistol's KNOCKED to the pavement.
He doesn't seem to hear - sweat streams down his terrified face, snowflakes frosting the perspiration on his chest.
Owen's eyes are instead drawn through the open windows...  Oblivious to the shapes outside, Max and Mona watch Owen's terror intensify, his dervish dance growing more frantic... Outside every window, BLACK SHAPES float closer in the air above the street - vaguely human, long wings POUNDING...  ...sending gusts of wind ripping through the windows, kicking up snow and ice.
Max runs his thumbnail into the gap, spreading glue CRACKLING - he flinches, almost afraid to cause the book pain.
He stops.
Blood spatters his gaunt face, but those eyes never change...  Straining, he moves the knife's tip closer to Max's belly... Max jams the barrel under the Junkie's leering jaw and PULLS THE TRIGGER.
The cop's eyes are wide with panic.
Peeking through the snow at Max's feet, an extension cord snakes under the shivering cop's legs and down the corridor.
Before he can fire again, Max pounces on the cop, driving a knee into his chest and wrenching the pistol away.
Jason Colvin approaches the desk, nervously watching the shadowed figure of Nicole Horne read through a document.
With dread, he reads a note below the drawing: The hypnotic motion of the train begins to change, the rhythm of the RAILS faltering a little.
The train rapidly loses speed...  life as the passengers' eyes adjust to the dark car... snow, covering the embankments along the railroad tracks and the broken-down houses in the distance.
Colvin looks up, Max's words suddenly scarier than the gun.
Colvin's eyes show real terror.
Colvin begins to struggle harder than ever, but his fear isn't directed at the man with the gun standing over him.
The Guards.
The Guards chase after Max, slowed by the panicking crowd... Exhausted, Bravura plods up steps to a landing.
Suddenly, AUTOMATIC WEAPONS erupt nearby.
Suddenly, the metal door flies open, BANGING at the stop.
Lupino drives his knee into Max's chest.
The sudden shift in momentum pitches Lupino back.
In that instant, Max pulls the knife from his own shoulder and buries it to the hilt in Lupino's stomach.
Max clamps his hand over Lupino's throat, using his grip to force the knife deeper.
Lupino looks down at the knife in his stomach.
A stranger.
Intermittently, the lights go dark, the power faltering.
Desperation, panic move his limbs, but for nothing.
He kneels down over Max, whose body keeps shaking.
Max pushes their hands away, his strength suddenly regained.
The Ranking Officer and the Agent shake hands.
The big man scowls, nervous.
By Salle's face, that's a thought scarier than Max.
The giant glass-walled penthouse office of the Aesir building sits above the storm clouds.
They hesitate, form ranks...  ...and the frightened Guards charge into the great room.
Suddenly, bullets RIP through the Guards from behind.
Awaiting the next horror, Max is shocked by something else: White light splits open the smoke, cutting the black in two.
Suddenly, BOOT STEPS ring up the hallway behind Mona.
A shower of bullets strikes the doors as he steps outside.
BB watches Max's preparations, terror growing.
Unable to resist his panic, BB abruptly tries on a helpless smile.
A stiff wind buffets against his chest, forcing his unsteady legs to sway a little.
The people stop in their tracks and look up in the sky in terror.
There is cold, frozen fear in their eyes.
He is held terror-stricken.
As he stares at the ship with fascination and horror.
His mouth twitches and he emits a nervous little laugh.
OUR CAMERA MOVES IN to MED.
They are clearly frightened of what he may do.
None of the men has been harmed, but their faces show the utter terror of what they have experienced.
Sudden pandemonium breaks out.
Utterly terrified by what they have witnessed, the crowd becomes a wild, milling, screaming mob, concerned only with escape.
Standing by the debris of his tank, the man is immobilized with terror.
They are uncertain as to what they should do.
The door to the corridor opens and a worried young Captain enters.
Terrified, the M.P. turns to the nurse, who is standing in the doorway.
Their faces reveal their awestruck terror.
7. A terrified mother drags her two children in from the street through the front door, slams the door and bolts it.
She is fond of him, and she can't help being curious and concerned about his brush with the police.
He appears impatient, anxious to get going.
As he watches, a Jeep filled with armed soldiers -- apparently regular patrol -- drives up to the entrance of the building.
Suddenly he sees Klaatu again.
Suddenly, inside the building behind them, the giant figure of Gort looms silently in the doorway.
As he watches Klaatu enter the building, his curiosity conquers his fear and he starts tremblingly toward the structure.
as Bobby approaches the door, fearful but fascinated.
Suddenly a wave of sheer terror sweeps over him.
Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by an appeal to logic.
She is nervous and uneasy but obviously can't refuse.
Nervous and distracted, Helen doesn't want to get caught up in this jam.
Helen is terrified.
People carne pouring up the stairs wildly, feverishly anxious to escape the darkness below.
The other is seated at his wheel, looking around in awe and terror, his tough Manhattan heart shaken.
Staring bug-eyed at the strange street scene, the woman mutters some terror-stricken comment in Russian.
Suddenly and without warning, the elevator starts moving and the lights go on.
The look of concern on Klaatu's face heightens Helen's overwhelming fear and uncertainty.
Helen turns and starts determinedly for the lobby door, followed by Klaatu, as we-- Helen is nervous and worried as she speaks into the phone.
It is 6:00 P.M. and growing dark outside, but the lights are not on.
The secretary is getting out a telephone directory when the corridor door opens and Helen enters, tense and nervous.
Suddenly he has revealed himself, naked and distasteful.
Nervous and edgy, Helen glances at her watch impatiently.
A jeep filled with armed soldiers is moving down the street at a fast clip.
The trucks are filled with armed soldiers.
On this street also an armed convoy is racing by, headed by a Jeep mounting a .30
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
Klaatu and Helen are tense and nervous.
A C. and R. car is parked in the side street, facing the intersection, its occupants armed and helmeted.
shooting through the window at Helen and Klaatu, who are growing more tense and nervous.
He is dead.
And she disappears.
As he stops and looks up at the robot, his eyes go wide with terror.
Hurrying along a footpath, nervous and distraught, she pauses for a moment, looking at the entrance of the building.
as she stops advancing, rooted to the spot in fear.
Her eyes go wide with terror as she realizes she's trapped.
Too terrified to move, Helen watches as he busies himself with the apparatus.
Unable to guess the reason for these preparations, she is gripped with a terrible fear.
Helen rushes to the door and searches frantically for the knob -- only to find, to her terror, that there is none.
A squad of armed soldiers, led by the lieutenant, is admitted to the corridor by a Police guard and they start marching down the corridor toward a cell at the far end.
Alone in the cabin, Helen is still terrified.
shooting from the outside, near the front entrance to the building, through a window into the main room where the Police Sergeant's desk is.
From a socket in the wall he pulls a strange-looking hypodermic needle on the end of a cord or tube and gives Klaatu a shot in the arm.
Then, as they watch, there is a sudden gasp of terror.
The normal blinking of his piercing eyes as he gazes imperturbably at the audience is his only movement. of four delegates, reflecting their stark terror and bewilderment.
Something bad is happening in this house...  It's a Sikorski skimming across the water of Biscayne Bay on a moonlit night at living-room level past stilt houses.
Approaching is "Miss Ukraine."
They watch.
Two Russian slickster types.
Our two "Russians" approach from their Cadillac with a backup Cadillac and one driver on the other side.
As the two "Russians" get into theirs, Aryan Brother #1 turns from the running board of the Escalade with his driver's door open.
For the Russians in the car, time freezes.
JEAN-LOUIS BASTIDE, a Haitian in dark sweats.
approach the two deep V-hull go-fast boats with three engines off the back.
They're cautious.
approach their door.
One of her Russians is.
They defer to the Russian-speaking security.
Russians are ex-KGB.
Languages overheard:  smatterings of Russian, Hebrew and English.
Dark shadows.
He wakes up.
Light and situation flood in.
In his trousers, Crockett drapes an arm across her shoulders and they stand in the air.
It's violent.
He watches them, too.
a leather sap arcs through the air and descends onto her left shoulder, paralyzing her arm.
A blindfold goes over her eyes.
A tall wall of planting hides the $150,000 house from the road.
He hangs up.
As they head down from the bridge... we see... lines run from the freighter to two go-fast boats.
The Old Woman in house dress is SCREAMING...   Her retarded Son sees Tubbs/Gina as a threat to his mother...grabs butcher knife... rushes forward during... FROZEN.
And, that fast, Tubbs' gun is back on target.
hears.
And they attack Crockett and Zito, who are outgunned.
She's dead.
Suddenly, the door opens.
in stencilled body armor storm in through doors and windows.
The boat's gone.
We see CNN footage of some Iraqi soldiers - looking very tired, hungry and scared - surrendering to a CNN news crew.
War?
What war?
Looking back at the Iraqis, in a voice dead with fear: Epps and Jaeger look behind them.
All Wes can do is cover his head, and stay down like a scared little girl.
He's not hit, but it kicks him back down into the Humvee screaming with fear.
Wes is too scared to move.
A spastic, scared, relieved laugh escapes him.
This really scares Wes.
A nervous look punches it way onto Jaeger's face.
Jaeger just stands there, his fear swelling.
Epps storms over towards the Hummer leaving Jaeger to be all scared with himself.
Panic races up and down his spine.
Epps pulls a knife from his belt.
Epps waits a beat, afraid of what might happen, but there is no choice.
Jaeger stays down, afraid to get up.
Wind, but that's about it.
Yeah, what the hell is it?
Jaeger's worked up a real scare.
He puts his panic into overdrive.
The three share a nervous look.
Jaeger, scared painted all over his face, sinks to his knees and looks as if he's about to go into shock.
Both Epps and Jaeger recoil, Jaeger going nuts with fear.
What is to stop him?
He tries to keep the apprehension from his voice, but it creeps in anyway.
The first light of day barely begins to fight its way through the dark.
Underneath him, an IRAQI SOLDIER - who already looks very badly injured; bloody, cut, slightly burned - babbles back in high pitched and frightened Arabic.
Even now, frightened but more calmly, the soldier goes on.
Jaeger goes somewhere near panic.
The Iraqi, face flush with fear; eyes filled with terror like a hunted animal, makes it to the rock face and starts to climb to the plateau above.
Jaeger is paralyzed by indecision.
They collapse, chests heaving like pistons as they suck air.
Suddenly he goes back into a panic.
Jaeger asks again with growing anxiety.
Epps hurriedly stumbles in the dark for the shack.
Jaeger quickly shakes Epps awake.
Epps and Jaeger turn on him targeting with their assault weapons, but they do not fire.
They chatter amongst themselves, but our boys have no idea what they're talking about, and that just makes things all the scarier.
Wes gets real calm again, which is almost as scary as him acting nuts.
Wes grabs an assault weapon from a near by Shi'ite and mounts up with blood in his eyes.
They break for a trail that leads further up the mountain, but it does little to shake loose their pursuers.
Fear gives way to desperation.
She goes faster, faster...  Suddenly Epps pulls up hard on the reins.
The car doesn't slow, tearing across the stretch of road where Jaeger lay, but swerves to avoid him.
Epps and Jaeger are too anxious to have this all over to say much, and the driver is too scared.
Epps snakes his way through the burning hulks towards their car.
As they approach, the shadow appears to be a giant rusting bow, rising up from the water, disappearing in the darkness above them.
A beat.
A beat.
A doll's white face, eyes haunting and coldly blue, stares into the middle distance.
If this place is creepy in the daylight, it is terrifying now.
THE BOOMING SOUNDS AGAIN, closer, as suddenly stopping.
She stops.
He stops.
Everything suddenly stops.
His body is tense and his arms arch rigidly toward his chest.
His jaw is clenched and he expels harsh, guttural utterances, experiencing something between a night terror and a seizure.
The buoy approaches, rising and falling with the swell.
Greer lies asleep on the bed.
He approaches from the other end.
It stops.
A beat.
A beat.
It stops.
She stops.
As Epps approaches, Greer behind her.
She stops.
They stop over it.
She looks to Greer, when a single dark spot appears on Epps' cheek.
It is dark, though spacious.
He stumbles back, a gash laid into his face, as Epps sucks in air, gagging and coughing, her neck purple with finger marks.
He's dazed and has blood in his eyes.
And we see that she has unhinged her gill knife.
He sits in the sand hugging his legs to his chest, bobbing slightly as he speaks in his nonsensical language.
At the other end the light falls from the door at room 400.
The sitting room is dark as she holds there.
She stops.
She stops.
It stops.
As she approaches, she can see that the hatch is half open, swaying slightly with the movement of the ship.
Cutting him off.
Shaina looks at Kimberly as a HAND suddenly hits Kimberly's window.
A GRISLY CAR CRASH from Nervous Norvus' TRANSFUSION album.
Kimberly, scared, does as she's told nearly colliding with a speeding flat bed semi hauling a huge load of logs !
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking Freak!" Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
The Old Woman BUMPS the window - scaring the shit out of everyone.
Kimberly stares in horror as the Old Woman flashes an evil grin.
Kimberly erupts into a panic when she sees the LOG TRUCK speed past.
Horrific.
She screams in horror and collapses against the SUV.
CRASH!
Kimberly cries in horror into Thomas' shoulder as her friends burn up in the wreckage.
CHAOS.
Eugene sees Nora and Tim are hooked and speaks in scary campfire tones.
BANG!
As the FIRE slowly spreads to nearby cereal boxes, Evan starts to panic.
By pushing the bottle up against the wall, it threatens to turn on one of the switches.
Evan, horrified, miraculously yanks his hand free, brushing against the knife in the toaster.
Safe and sound, he breathes a sigh of relief and turns to walk -- SUDDENLY he s lips on the very grease he threw out the window, his legs shoot out from under him and he lands on his back.
As Evan laughs, breathing a final sigh of relief, it suddenly PLUMMETS again -- impaling Evan through his eye socket!
Headlines blare, "Freak Accident?"
Adding to her anxiety.
The room is dark again.
She yanks the VCR cord from the wall and flicks on the lights, ridding the room of shadows.
A PHYSICIAN in a lab coat leads a nervous Kimberly down the center of a long corridor.
Her hair is patchy, her eyes dark and haunted.
Kimberly, shaken, does the math.
Reveal Nora taking her son Tim to a dentist's office.
Tim watches helplessly as Nora reaches down, tug ging at her sneaker, fear mounting.
Tim's eyes radiate fear.
Reluctantly.
The three slowly edge towards a room at the end of a creepy hallway.
Kimberly and Thomas are scared.
The Mortician, recrossing the room, passes Kimberly and stoops down to sniff, no INHALE, a terrified Kimberly's essence.
Drowning.
Horrible.
Terror- stricken.
Jorge turns to soothe the frightened Young Woman in the bed.
The trap flies over and knocks into the base of the unstable Grabber - which tips and slowly slides down the wall.
Kimberly looks concerned.
The nervous group finishes safe-proofing the apartment.
Suddenly, STREETLIGHT FLICKERS ON for the evening.
Terror.
Nora panic,s as Eugene and the Man try to untangle her braid.
Kat gasps in horror to see this poor woman suspended above the floor.
He stares transfixed as Nora's head, still aghast in terror, rolls around the floor.
He approaches Thomas and lunges for his GUN - yanking it from the holster!
The others shrink back in terror.
In the corner, Eugene shivers to himself.
Desperately looking for signs of danger.
He rushes across the room, pulls a lever, unlocking the cell.
The moment is still surreal as Brian steps back, further away from the horrors he can't face.
As the tip of the needle presses the skin down -- The BEE lands on the Anesthesiologist's ear.
And STINGS!
Suddenly, Kimberly clutches her throat!
Nearby, a RESPIRATOR plunges up and do wn, the RESPIRATOR TUBE snaking down Eugene's throat.
Thomas jumps in the backseat, buckles up...  Kimberly's eyes widen in fear.
As Eugene shudders with dread, the Orderly pushes a huge cart in front of him, again obscuring his view.
Eugene goes white with terror.
A RAT APPEARS behind Eugene's pillow, CRAWLS over his chest and disappears by his stomach!
The Obstetrician's hands go to work.
Drowning.
Kimberly panics as the ambulance fills with water and she takes a final gasp of air -- Thomas stares in horror at the percolating air bubbles as the vehicle descends below the surface -- and he dives in! Thomas swims into the dark, murky water.
Shakes his head, nothing.
Outside, a parting of dark clouds causes a shaft of sunlight to flood into the hospital.
Mr. Gibbons hands it over and Brian saunters away from camera, SLIGHTLY OUT OF FOCUS, toward the barbecue, his body framed between Kimberly and Thomas' heads.
And off they tear...
Memphis is horrified.
A cuffed Donny Astricky is dragged to a waiting cruiser ... A POLICE CAR pulls up ...
He winds up ...
A KID behind the wheel, a BLONDE beside him... Kip eyeballs them...  Engines are revved... Challenges are implied...  Mirror Man panics ...
Memphis senses danger.
He sinks another ball.
He groks their fear...  Kip looks at him... ANGLE THE FRONT DOOR.
And LIFTS IT INTO THE AIR ...  Kip, terrified, inside ... And, as the crane dangles the Trans Am toward the black waters of the harbor, we CUT TO: Memphis is at the kitchen table.
From outside.
A MAN HOWLS IN TERROR...
Because that's what he was afraid of.
And his nose is a gnarled blob of scar tissue ...  Which is why they call him And the others really don't dig his scene ... The Sphinx nods to all.
They drive in silence.
And listens...  Her face clenched with worry ... Mirror Man works the thick steel door ...  He's got a sledge and center punch...
And in they go -- Dark as pitch.
To see Sway, overcome with emotion.
It reads "SNAKE"...
The Sphinx is outrunning what is now a half-dozen CRUISERS ...  is freaking out ... The snake wrapped all around him...
But then - BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Bullets rip into Donny Astricky in terrifying SLOW-MOTION.
He turns ...  To see another KID ... Scared...
Going off the road.
He flies through them...
And there's a strange SILENCE...
And we fear he aims to smash the site, maybe further injure the accident victims - Not our Memphis ...  He's heading straight for parked ass-end toward Long Beach ... Ramp down ...  Memphis rockets Eleanor at the ramp truck's ramp... Straight on ...
With a last gasp, Memphis misdirects the awl so it STABS THE FLOOR SOCKET - a small CLAP OF VOLTAGE shaking through their bodies, as they sprawl akimbo ...  Both men are momentarily paralyzed as the electricity sorts itself out inside of them... Calitri is up; and he's found the gun ...
And they shake ...
His face is a con- fusion of fear and indecision.
In a moment of utter panic he lets go of his son, drops the Girl from his shoulder, and runs on alone.
It is fully dark now.
His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting            * whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion.
His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear.
The man clambers out of the boat and wades ashore again, carrying a large flint-bladed knife.
On the boat, Hector's family are tense with fear for his life.
Lucinnius' worries are Hector's also.
Lucinnius is nervous as he attempts to casually join his friends.
A figure enters the room, steps over the sleeping bodies on the floor and shakes him awake.
Straight-backed, hands on knees, alert, worried, he looks a bit like a sacri- ficial offering himself.
A couple of the godfather's foot soldiers.
A trickle of fear passes across Hector's face.
Lucinnius has worked himself into a dramatic state of distress, with drink and terror and self pity.
Hector speaks gently, like coaxing a frightened animal.
He stands    up, suddenly repulsed by what has happened.
Hector gently shakes her shoulder, trying not to wake the others.
Then he sees where the noise is coming from.
Hector, in another corner of the room, sleeping lightly, becomes aware of this.
The Priest is worried.
Then            * it changes.
He is frightened, and clings to the presence of Ronald.
In the room it is still semi-dark.
She sits up and straightens her clothing, suddenly anxious.
She crosses the room to a wooden chest under the window.
Snake-like it rides the waves, one half up, the other down.
* It is growing dark.
Fry's face floods with relief.
Fry lands on her ass, horrified.
Suddenly...  Another LOCKER BLOWS OPEN.
It scares him for a Fry flips up a new security-latch.
And dropping.
Out the fractured windscreen, we see a huge dark mass rise up into view.
Ears running blood.
Riding out the baton blows.
Darkness.
Dead.
The Chrislams fall to their knees.
Fry sees the huge smoldering scar in the ground behind the ship.
As Paris unlocks, Johns steadies himself, suddenly light-headed.
START on the cutting torch, abandoned in wreckage.
A beat.
Fry manages a weary smile -- but soon her eyes revisit the abandoned buildings.
The grave.
Riddick gets a black satisfaction from his role as Boogeyman: If fear is the only kind of respect he can get, Riddick is going to grab some with both hands.
Broken.
was faster than a lightning-strike.
Suddenly...  faces, human faces.
A shadow falls over Riddick.
A beat.
A beat.
Are they being stalked?
A dark supply room.
A NOISE from the supply room.
Just too scared to come out?
A mental shiver.
A beat.
We understand why when we see a CLOSEUP of her hands: They find a jagged purple scar beside his spine.
It threatens to blot out suns, sky, universe.
Horrified.
Suddenly the hatchings vanish.
A beat.
The world goes dark.
He goes for the main-door lever, ready to flee into the night.
Suddenly HEAVY BLOWS drive everyone back.
Blood wells up.
What stopped it?
It worries Fry.
Broken.
The blood flows.
A beat.
Gushing blood, Johns starts crawling pathetically with the light.
A beat.
He has no desire to see what horrors will surround them.
Stunned.
Blood falls anew.
But this blood has no hue.
Drenched in light, Riddick stands in the hatchway of the skiff, looking out into dark rain.
Their nightmare is far from over.
Fry gives it another beat, eyes sweeping the dark rain.
Ed looks a little worried.
Nervous at Wilson handling his new gun purchase beside him.
He suddenly drops to one knee, in shadow where the fence meets the adjoining building.
They beat him.
A beat.
Seconds later, one of the Meat Puppets comes stumbling out of the door, terrified.
He hangs up.
Beat.
Beat.
Leaving Ed more nervous than ever.
Suddenly we hear the CHIRP of a cellular phone.
Reluctantly.
Wilson shakes it.
Exhilaration mixed with panic.
Gulps.
Suddenly out of nowhere -- (a side street.)
Strange, threatening characters.
Spots his two freaks.
Suddenly Uncle John speaks.
Suddenly, we hear a CAR ALARM.
Avery makes his way to the figure, which is on its stomach and writhing slightly.
A shot rings out and part of his neck disappears in a blossom of blood.
Fires at it.
Crouched down.
Fires at him.
Comes out after him, the knife still in his back.
Grimacing, pulls the knife out and discards it.
It's dark and the ground is treacherous.
Panting.
Both on the ground now.
He stops.
Shake hands.
stops.
To the left of entrance there is a drugstore, closed, dark except for a faint light in the back.
One elevator is open and its dome light falls across the dark lobby.
Across a small dark reception room a pair of frosted glass doors are lettered: PACIFIC ALL-RISK INSURANCE COMPANY - FOUNDED 1906 - MAIN OFFICE.
The twelfth floor is dark.
His eyes fall on the anklet again.
She stops.
THE CAMERA PANS UP the front of the building to the top floor windows, as a little rain starts to fall.
The kitchen is the usual apartment house kitchen, with stove, ice-box, sink, etc.
He stands there, looking down into the dark street.
The dark interior of the car has swallowed him up.
Over them is heard the noise of the train coming into the station and its lights are seen.
Dark except for a little light coming from inside the parlor car.
SUDDENLY A MAN'S VOICE speaks from behind him.
He walks a few feet without sound, then becomes aware of the silence.
There is a look of horror on his face now.
Neff stops in sudden alarm.
Suddenly his eye catches a glimpse of her through the crack of the partly opened door.
He takes a few steps down the walk, then suddenly hears somebody approaching.
Suddenly he stops his dictation with an instinctive feeling that he is not alone in the room.
Suddenly he stops, with a look of horror on his face.
Forrest stops suddenly as his brace gets stuck.
He looks over his shoulder in fear.
Suddenly Forrest is hit in the back with a rock.
The teammate runs over to Forrest and hands him the ball.
Bubba and Forrest shake hands.
ANOTHER DAY - The platoon shelters themselves as they walk through the wind and rain.
ANOTHER DAY - Forrest and other soldiers walk chest-deep through a river.
The rain splatters back up from the river, hitting the soldiers.
Forrest looks up as the sun suddenly appears.
Forrest's platoon is attacked.
A soldier is blown up by a rocket.
Forrest runs past the soldier.
Bubba's chest has been blown open.
Forrest looks up in fear.
A soldier reads the names from a pile of letters.
The soldier hands Forrest a large pile of letters.
She is pale with dark lines under her eyes.
Lt. Dan on the rigging, shouts and shakes his fist as he is pelted by wind and rain.
Jenny suddenly heaves a rock angrily at the house.
Forrest knees down next to her.
The house stands in the rain.
It collides with a car.
Forrest continues to stare at Forrest Jr. Forrest then looks frightened and starts to back away.
The wind blows fallen leaves across the ground.
Blindfold.
Blows rain down on her.
Alert.
She stops.
He stops her.
A sarin attack on plane into a nuclear power      Disneyland.
Jeff's old to fear all men in          her best friend.
She suddenly shakes.
Joe wakes to see his wife, lost in a nightmare.
At the door, they shake hands.
Tears.
-- SUDDENLY-- She turns.
Deep scars.
He's so nervous he can barely open his eyes.
Joe, still half-asleep, catches up.
He stops.
As the doctor finds the right key, she suddenly turns to see-- In the foreground some goth kids play with their ipods.
Pouring the stress out of her.
Fear in his eyes.
He seems very nervous.
A nervous history major stands.
Shrapnel.
The building shakes.
His expression grows darker and darker.
One of the twins is asleep.
He watches.
We watch her.
FLASH - Valerie shaking hands with Mr.Tabir in his Kuala Lumpur mansion.
SUDDENLY -- She gets up and walks out.
She stops.
He hangs up.
When she opens them Sam is terrified.
She stops.
You have blood on your hands.
It stops.
He gets himself under control, but he's white and shaking.
He suddenly points.
A dark cloud comes over him.
Libby,      status casting a dark cloud 55, resigned and left the       over a White House already in White House.
She walks down the street past the gleaming government buildings.
Suddenly she is engulfed in flashes.
Then -- a dark, ominous shape intrudes in the f.g.
She wheels, terrified.
In a panic she turns and runs out, colliding suddenly with a MAN whom she (and we.) have not noticed until the moment of impact.
CAMERA suddenly moves as the 'drawer' is slid back into the wall.
Suddenly there is the noise of a DOOR OPENING.
As her head turns, in alarm, toward the noise.
As she watches him.
Then, suddenly, in rapid succession, he sneezes six times.
He takes a small bottle from his pocket, shakes a pill from it and swallows it dry.
Suddenly a hand falls on her shoulder.
I am anxious to discuss the matter of your late husband's death.
REGGIE stares at him, terrified.
Petrified with fear, REGGIE can only stare dumbly at the protruding claw.
From the GROUND.
He watches her.
REGGIE, not knowing what to do, and afraid she will be seen by DYLE, who is now looking her way, spins and sits at the sidewalk cafe's nearest table, her back to DYLE.
Suddenly she stops.
Suddenly, DYLE releases his hold.
He winces.
As he climbs off the chair, JEAN-LOUIS suddenly runs to the door, unbolts it and runs into the hall, CAMERA PANNING with him.
Then she screams.
He goes into his room and she goes into hers.
A searchlight near the boat's bridge has gone on and now begins sweeping the river banks.
The room is dark and the phone is ringing.
Suddenly the elevator stops between floors and the lights go out.
The NIGHT PORTER is asleep behind the desk.
Suddenly TEX stops.
Suddenly, he is stopped.
Inside, huddling down, is a terrified REGGIE, holding her breath as she watches him.
She stops suddenly.
They shake hands as the EES photographer takes publicity shots.
The assistant carefully hands Hertz a pulsating metal container with lots of warnings and danger symbols on it.
Relieved, he turns nonchalantly to Ernie, ignoring the other horrified passengers.
There is a large dilapidated mining shed complete with rusted ducts and a tall smoke stack, a tattered carnival tent with an ornate stage flat facade, a lopsided outhouse, a creepy broken-down farm house, and in the center of it all, a giant molded carnival head with big staring eyes, which slowly rotates on a creaky base.
Elijah has bad teeth, a bad shave, and scary eyes.
It's dark and spooky.
Suddenly Ernie's flesh balloons out and melds into Julie's side.
He's waking up.
Rick's eyes widen in terror as he beholds his hideous new form.
SOCKHEAD is a freak with a large button-eyed sock puppet for a head.
He strikes a threatening "monster" pose, then gives a friendly wave.
Suddenly the lighting changes to flashing red horror lights with plenty of dark shadows.
Oddly, there's a shiny new Pepsi machine in this dingy corner of the Freak House.
Suddenly two GOONS in dark suits snatch the paper away from Stuey.
He collapses, a knife embedded in his chest, revealing the total mayhem...
Nosey gives him a worried look.
The crowd panics and charges for the exits.
The freaks are horrified.
Beat.
They stop.
Ernie looks worried.
Beat.
Rick looks worried as they lead him towards the scary looking house.
Rick watches as the Freaks approach the open courtyard, where he knows the Eyeballs will spot them.
He runs over to the Freaks.
Juan rears back, about to lunge, when suddenly he freezes and looks off into the distance.
Sockhead suddenly freaks out.
He stops.
Suddenly Elijah's voice rings out behind them.
The freak house door opens--Eye and Eye step in to check out the noise.
Rick, Julie, and Ernie gasp in horror!
Rick shakes hands with Julie, and takes back the Noxon.
The war movie has erupted into a massive battle--machine guns blaring, grenade launchers and bazookas booming, the works.
We hear a low rumbling and the floor starts to shake.
Beat.
The freaks are horrified.
A few gun-toting SECURITY GUYS in dark suits and dark glasses get out.
The door to the Freak House opens.
The cackle is unmistakable--Rick's face twists in horror as he realizes...  Hertz is THE LAUGHING MAN! Hertz ducks out the door.
Except for the workmen, who exchange worried looks.
CRASH!
looks worried.
We hear a music bite from "Le Freak."
Rick stops the spear inches from Stuey's chest.
Suddenly, the agents are distracted by a terrible scream.
Suddenly a squirrel runs across stage, followed by Juan.
Suddenly a stop light looms ahead.
Suddenly flames leap out of the car, blowing Roberto ten feet into the air.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, Cole appears at his side.
The wind suddenly picks up.
There is a beat of silence in the dark.
Both of them have their eyes wide open as they stare at the ceiling in fearful anticipation of the next day.
Suddenly an abrupt jump cut.
Our girls screech in horror and hold onto one another in a protective clump.
Suddenly the door bursts open.
He's pimping for one of his ladies and makes a sale to an anxious young Marine as Gary approaches him.
He backs Gary against a wall and pulls a knife on him.
She screams in terror.
Laverne is frightened of Chulo.
Scared, she runs around the room, then out the door.
It's dark, but for a lamp on the nightstand which is on.
Rick is shaken by this.
The girls run around the room in a panic with the Japanese chasing them in very hot pursuit.
He's scared to death.
Suddenly Cole's ass sticks through it.
CAMERA PUSHES IN TO a car in the parking lot which is towing a U-Haul trailer behind it.
He's stunned.
Suddenly police SIRENS pierce through the party sounds.
By his side are several Everyone starts to panic and run for the doors.
Suddenly a Porsche pulls up between Rick and Debbie.
She screams.
PRESTON'S FACE appears above a CLAPPER BOARD ...  "TAKE 5" is nervous ... his eyes flick from one INVESTOR to the other ...  trying to read the room.
PRESTON suddenly finds himself BUNDLED into the back of a CAB.
ANN'S arm is suddenly GRABBED!
ANN suddenly STANDS.
A FLASH of FEAR crosses DENHAM'S FACE ...  DENHAM calls across to a TALL FIGURE who is supervising the loading of the ship.
He suddenly collides with BRUCE, who thrusts a SUITCASE at him.
He's standing in a dark, viscous PUDDLE OF GUNGE.
ENGLEHORN hands the BOTTLE to a nervous CHOY.
DENHAM looks hard at the map, suddenly a look of intrigue dawning on his face.
WIDE ON: The VENTURE SLOWS, but its weight is carrying it forward ...  ENGLEHORN searches desperately through the thick FOG. the PANIC on the SHIP.
HAYES looks in HORROR as he comes within inches of the rock outcrop.
ANGLE ON: JIMMY closing the BOOK, an ashen expression on his CLOSE ON: HAYES pauses, filled with a sudden sense of DREAD.
He reluctantly turns, his eyes drawn to the creepy CARVED HEAD towering above the SHIP.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM ...  His eyes suddenly widen in disbelief.
RAIN STARTS FALLING.
ANN steps back in HORROR and SCREAMS!
ANN alone in her CABIN, is overwhelmed by a terrible SENSE of SUDDENLY!
ANGLE ON: NATIVES are moving towards the VENTURE ...  A growing sense of UNEASE fills ANN with DREAD.
She is on the SUMMIT of the WALL, lit by the flickering FLAMES ...  looking out onto DARK TREE TOPS.
A MASSIVE SHAPE moves through the air ...  The ground SHAKES with a sudden force of IMPACT!
CLOSE ON: ANN balanced on a knife-edge of TERROR.
ANN'S strength suddenly DRAINS from her legs, and SLUMPS between the POSTS.
FRENZIED MOVEMENT: SAILORS, lead by ENGLEHORN, race into the VILLAGE firing WARNING SHOTS in the air ...  SKULL ISLANDERS SCATTER in TERROR ... ANGLES ON: The SKULL ISLANDERS melt away into the darkness ...  vanishing as fast as they appeared.
JACK'S POV: The EMPTY ROPES binding ANN'S WRISTS swing from the CLOSE ON: DENHAM in SHOCK ...  his mind racing, fuelled by FEAR.
The atmosphere is TENSE ...  unseen creatures scurry in the darkness, fleeing from the approaching humans.
She is rigid with FEAR.
Years of survival have left SCARS on his face.
KONG stares at ANN ...  she dare not move; only her RAPID BREATHING belies her INNER TERROR.
ANGLE ON: ANN is suddenly swung UPSIDE DOWN and SHAKEN ...  the ceremonial NECKLACE falls from ANN'S NECK.
A WHIMPERING SOUND escapes from the back of her throat.
ANN looks at KONG, aghast, and in this moment her heightened sense of FEAR gives way to something more fundamental: SELF KONG'S FINGERS start to OPEN - ANN seizes her chance!
She suddenly PROPELS herself off his HAND!
ANGLE ON: The GROUP pause at the sound of ANN'S TERRIFIED SCREAM.
ANGLE ON: LUMPY stumbling forward with a hacking SMOKER'S COUGH.
at the sound of a STRANGE NOISE ...  PUSH IN: ON DENHAM ... a look of AMAZEMENT dawning on his FACE.
ALL look up at LUMPY ...  A ripple of FEAR spreads throughout the CROWD.
ANGLE ON: BRUCE suddenly turns and runs!
ANGLE ON: HERB is starting to get NERVOUS as DENHAM determinedly continues filming ... WIDE ON: A sudden FALL of ROCKS ...  Jack looks up! ANGLE ON: The MEN look NERVOUS as the GROUND starts to TREMBLE beneath their feet!
SEVERAL nervous SAILORS jump up and start running.
EVERYONE TURNS and FLEES!
The GROUP are desperately scrambling up the STEEP ROCKY SLOPE - slipping and sliding on the WET MOSS ...  FOUR SURVIVING CARNOTAURS follow in pursuit ... the MEN start sliding backwards in their panic.
GROUND.
ANGLE ON: HAYES suddenly stops ...  tensely scanning the DARK RUINS on the other side of the CHASM ... CREEPY POV: ...  something is watching the MEN on the LOG.
CLOSE ON: A DARK HOLE, beneath the tree ...  Long FEELERS probe along the ROOF of the hole as a HUGE CENTIPEDE CRAWLS towards her.
Suddenly she feels another crawling up over her shoulder.
ANN FREAKS!
ANN can feel its hot sour BREATH blowing on the back of her neck!
SUDDENLY KONG THUDS DOWN BOTH ... and for a moment ANN & KONG LOCK EYES.
THROWING it at the SPIDERS they CRAWL OFF.
More GIANT CRAB-SPIDERS JUMP at JACK.
THEY SEE that they're SURROUNDED BY SPIDERS.
SPIDERS SWARM out of HOLES in the CLIFF AND DIE.
KONG POV: LOOMING out of the CHASM WALL is a HUGE FACE! CLOSE ON: ANN as her expression suddenly changes from FEAR to ANN walks past KONG ...  who emits another LOW, WARNING GROWL.
to stay motionless in KONG'S PALM. the CAVE and SWARM around the LEDGE ...  their FEAR of KONG is overwhelmed by the tempting SIGHT of JACK and ANN.
SOUNDTRACK: A ROAR ...  growing louder ... ANN casts a nervous glance over her shoulder.
He SWINGS the ROPES AWAY, sending HAPLESS SAILORS flying through the AIR! CLOSE ON: DENHAM looks on in HORROR, as his PLAN to CAPTURE    KONG falls apart.
KONG turns to ANN'S BOAT ...  he looks at her ... KONG PAUSES at the SOUND of her VOICE ...  as if sensing her    fear for him.
D         you now ...  a captive!
The AUDIENCE BEGIN TO RISE from their SEATS ...  PANIC sets in!
ANGLE ON: JACK emerges from the THEATRE, all around him    PANICKED PEOPLE run in TERROR!
ANGLE ON: JACK scrambling into the FRONT SEAT of the CAB ...      he throws it into GEAR and heads off after KONG! ANGLE ON: KONG reacts like a CORNERED ANIMAL in a BLIND PANIC ... FLAILING his arms in PANIC, the TRAM swinging through the air and SMASHING into BUILDINGS like a GIANT CLUB! bits of TRAM that disintegrate off the FIST of KONG ...  JACK accelerates, straight through the LEGS of the GIANT GORILLA!
LIGHTS spin past ...  it is a brief moment of respite ... SUDDENLY!
A COLD WIND blows ANN'S hair as she watches the PLANES approach.
DOWN GUN-SIGHTS ...  drifting left and right as KONG grows in size KONG is suddenly FEARFUL ... he INSTINCTIVELY pushes ANN towards the BUILDING'S WALL!
SUDDENLY a PLANE FLIES straight at KONG.
KONG looks FEARFUL ...  he is WEAKENING from his BULLET WOUNDS.
TEARS STREAM DOWN HER FACE ...  KONG slowly lifts her in his HAND ... he looks beyond her ...  ALL SOUND FADES AWAY ... except for a gentle breeze ...  The FEAR leaves KONG ... he looks at ANN with TENDERNESS and LOVE.
He stares at KONG, DREAD, REALIZATION dawning on his face.
She's deathly pale, spewing founts of blood from a savagely slashed throat -- A SHOCK-TRAUMA TEAM swarms over her, inserting a vacutainer into an artery to draw blood, wrapping a blood pressure cuff around her arm -- The RESPIRATORY THERAPIST feeds an endotracheal tube down the woman's ruined throat, attaches that to an Amblu bag -- The woman starts spasming violently.
Suddenly -- A black Mercedes 850 appears over the crest of a hill, ROARING past us, stereo system belting out FILTER.
Hungry eyes.
is elite, underground -- an "abattoir-chic" version of an old-time juke joint with a greasy, dangerous vibe.
Dennis looks up, concerned -- -- MORE BLOOD DROPLETS are falling.
The figure stands, moves into the light as time screeches to a halt -- towers above Dennis, wearing dark glasses and a leather longcoat -- a sneer of cruel contempt etched upon a face tempered by a lifetime of horror.
Nuclear silence.
Some of the vampires try to flee, scurrying up the stairs, but the exit quickly becomes clogged with liquefying bodies -- -- then Blade's CAR-15 jams.
Blade suddenly finds himself wrestling with a feral-faced six-foot- something nightmare named QUINN.
Blade forces an elbow against Quinn's throat, trying to keep him at bay.
Quinn suddenly bolts up from the autopsy table, sinking his fangs into Curtis' jugular.
growing darker by the moment.
With a tap of a button, the monitor goes dark.
Blade shakes violently, grinding his teeth through the bite guard, veins cording in his neck.
We understand that these shared moments, oddly private in their horror, are the glue which binds the two vampire hunters together.
It quivers in fear.
She moves to the window, pulling the shade down, frightened.
CRASH!
Skin the complexion of buttermilk, so corpulent he can barely move, so engorged with blood that he's actually sweating it from the pores of his skin.
At the sight of Blade, Pearl's eyes widen in fear -- Frost paces the length of his pool, wearing a hands-free communications headset, grinning.
There's a LITTLE GIRL sitting stiffly beside the man -- a look of pure terror written on her face.
CLOSE ON Karen as she moves to the grimy outer windows, watching the sun go down, an unmistakable look of dread creeping over her.
It's at her throat, sinking its claws into her neck.
Miracia shrugs, spreading her hands.
TWO VAMPIRE GUARDS who have been caught in the sudden swath of light are burning up before our eyes.
She SNARLS and strikes, brutally raking her claws across Blade's face, knocking the sword from his grasp -- led by Mercury step from the shadows where they'd been waiting all along.
Restrained.
Replete with dark splendor.
Karen looks up with a growing sense of dread.
CRACK!
CRACK!
Karen pummels the howling horror, driving it back until the femur actually splinters in half.
He places it against Blade's throat, slowly applying pressure.
Inhuman.
And so he rises -- Frost continues drinking down the blood, when suddenly, a force seizes his body.
A wind picks up from nowhere, swirling about the chamber, accompanied by a strange Suddenly, one of the tombs BURSTS OPEN.
The aftermath.
The guns spins across the floor, where it's scooped up by -- who takes aim at an approaching vamp, BLOWING it away.
Both men, fueled by super-human speed, lunge and spin across the cavern floor in a blurred ballet of lethal moves.
A blood demon.
She SEES Blade's discarded sword, reaches for it -- suddenly, a SHADOW moves on the periphery of her vision -- rushes at Karen in a near-blur.
Frost suddenly dissipates, SPLASHING away into a million zero-G blood bubbles, vanishing.
He gasps, chokes in air -- Frost backs away, horrified.
His blood-tendrils don't reform.
Blade hesitates, stopping the sword in mid-strike, catching his mother's gaze -- her face is monstrous now, scarred by Karen's poisonous mace.
Ardelia who is helping Clarice unbuckle her bullet-proof vest, follows her worried gaze.
He looks tired, haunted.
A beat.
Some are padded, with narrow observation slits, others are normal, barred...  Shadowy occupants pacing, MUTTERING... Suddenly a dark figure in the next-to-last cell hurtles towards her, his face mashing grotesquely against his bars as he hisses.
She complies each time, trying to hide her fear.
Suddenly he whips the tray back at her, with a metallic CLANG that makes her start.
The dark figure suddenly flings his palm towards her, and - is spattered on the face and neck - not with blood, but with pale droplets of semen.
Her face is buried in her arms, she shoulders shaking.
Then she puts a final, emphatic shot right through THE FIGURE'S CLOSE ON a microfilm monitor - a grainy newsphoto of Dr. Lecter, scrawling past, with an accompanying story ("New Horrors in Cannibal Trial".), dated 1980.
We catch shadowy outlines - boxes, then the flattened tires of a car...  SOUND of rain on the tin roof, and other noises, too - small RUSTLINGS.
Clarice turns, scared, her beam capturing...  an old upright piano.
Clarice crawls a bit further.
The food carrier suddenly SWISHES out of the cell, making her jump up.
Suddenly, in the shadowy dark, he clubs her over the back of her head with his cast.
the highway patrol cruiser noses into a curb, next to other police cars, facing a big white frame house.
Crawford shakes hands with the sheriff.
A sudden blinding glare of light silences her.
A beat.
She is trembling.
who is elsewhere in the basement, worrying a toy.
edges reluctantly closer...  then suddenly rushes in, seizing the bone in her teeth.
A long, seesaw battle...  until finally, when one of her forelegs slips momentarily into the hole, she panics and lets go.
Overcome, she hurries from the room.
The 10-year old Clarice sits up abruptly in her bed, frightened.
Strange, fearful shadows on her ceiling and walls...  a window, partly fogged by the cold; eerie brightness outside.
And suddenly all natural SOUND and MOTION are suspended, as the MUSIC soars much louder, each separate note of it now echoing distinctly, and we see...  Pembry starting into the cell, reaching for his riot baton... Dr. Lecter smashing against the cell door, driving it into Pembry, pinning him across the chest, against the door frame...  Boyle, on one knee on the floor, digging desperately in his pants pocket for his handcuff key... Pembry's hand, mashed against his body by the door, as he strains frantically to reach the baton at his waist...  Pembry's eyes, widening in horror as he stares at... Dr. Lecter's bared teeth, flashing towards him...  Dr. Lecter gripping Pembry's face in his jaws, shaking it like a dog shakes a rat... Boyle finding his key, but in his terror dropping it...  Dr. Lecter yanking the mace can and riot baton from the dazed Pembry's belt, spraying him in his bloody face, then clubbing him to his knees... Boyle, mouth open in a silent scream, finding his key again, unlocking the handcuff, but then, as he starts to rise, seeing...  Dr. Lecter standing over him, with the riot baton raised high; he swings it viciously down, again and again and again... Then normal SOUND and MOTION are restored as we go to - the cassette player, and the portrait of Clarice, both now flecked with blood.
The two uniformed bodies, one sprawled on its back near the door, the other still in the cell, have been savaged by a knife.
The shaft is dark.
Behind him, in slightly BLURRED FOCUS, the bloody figure sits slowly upright...  Suddenly he stops, becoming aware of a strange HISSING.
He watches, frightened for both of them, as she backs away, smiles, then turns, racing towards the surveillance van.
Genuinely scared.
begins shaking, hands and arms twitching uncontrollably.
After a few moments, we become aware of movement - armed, dark-clad figures creeping swiftly and in silence from shrubs to garage corners, from parked cars to porches, appearing and then disappearing...  CLOSE ON Mr. Gumb, as he settles a big pair of infra-red night-vision goggles over his eyes.
A little boy, riding his tricycle in his driveway, is suddenly startled to find himself staring into the grim face of - crouched by his garage, armed to the teeth.
A beat of pure fear.
They are about ten feet apart. is about to reply when the moth suddenly flies up from behind him, flutters past his face.
whips her gun out, gripping it in both shaking hands.
hates this, hates this, which door, it's a trap, what to do: she is very scared, but suddenly hears - The distant SCREAM of Catherine Martin, somewhere down there in that killing maze.
centers her gun on the curtain, at chest height, and yanks it aside with her left hand.
Clarice stumbles, goes to her knees, rights herself, finally clutches the door frame...  Clarice emerges from the bathroom in a half-crouch, arms out, both hands on the gun, extended just below the level of her unseeing eyes.
She is radiantly beautiful in a navy dress and pearls, the thin scar on her cheek almost healed.
Stepping delicately over the sprawled body of a uniformed security guard, he walks in through open french doors.
Marcus sits up, she passes him the clipboard and pen-- he notes that her hands are SHAKING.
MARCUS stares straight ahead, taking deep, steady breaths, struggling not to succumb to fear.
These are human troops in high-tech HELMETS, carrying slightly futuristic conventional THE WARTHOGS veer off, laying NAPALM in the distance behind the SOLDIERS.
SOLDIERS move from cover and through the blown door.
The OTHER SOLDIERS inspect the many CYLINDERS, react in horror and shock.
A PANICKED PILOT on the radio: SOLDIERS above ground help the WOUNDED to EVAC CHOPPERS.
RAIN falls.
They drop down again.
KYLE starts, half-asleep-- So saying, KYLE falls back asleep.
CLOSER-- his eyes are closed, he's asleep.
When she looks out the windshield-- --she's about to HIT A WALL, SQUEALS in terror-- --MARCUS vaults in and pushes her aside, squeezing behind the wheel, hitting the brakes and throwing the Jeep into neutral.
The SONG suddenly GARBLES, turning to NOISE.
He pulls himself up and-- --crawls across the roof, to the LID.
Blair struggles to saw through her lines with a KNIFE.
The LINES suddenly SNAP, Blair FALLS from the tree.
QUICK SHOTS of MUTANT EYES, glowing in the dark-- ENLARGED TEETH-- DARK, MASSIVE FORMS moving through the brush.
It SNAPS its ELONGATED TEETH at him, but he manages to BREAK its neck and hurl it toward-- TWO MORE SKINDOGS moving in for an attack.
It's darker now, the moon is down.
She squints at these in the dark.
She closes her eyes, settling against him, her head against his chest.
She looks worried.
Suddenly-- --the BLACKHAWK CHOPPER drops down directly in front of Marcus, hovering a few feet above the water, the GUNNER pointing his weapon directly at Marcus (he's one of the two soldiers we saw before.).
Suddenly-- --HYDROBOTS ERUPT from the RIVER with a hideous BUZZING SOUND.
About a dozen of these four- foot long, glistening steel snakes shoot from the water to attack the chopper.
Suddenly, HANDS BURST from the water, grabbing the soldier.
BLAIR looks up, bleary-eyed, exhausted and scared.
Marcus hears a NOISE nearby-- --a GOLF BALL bouncing on the ground not far away.
There are lawns, fountains, etc. Marcus SLAMS ON the brakes, then clutches Jeremy by the throat-- the man looks more annoyed than frightened.
(Levels of seratonin, endorphins, etc.) Beside these are BARCODES and small INSET PHOTOS taken within the chamber, the subjects looking frightened.
A pair of T-400s now approach from the shadows.
Suddenly the building SHAKES, the sound of a distant EXPLOSION.
It looks like the place is under attack.
THE ENGINEER'S FACE suddenly shows fear-- his body FREEZES.
MARCUS meanwhile PICKS OFF potential threats with the PLASMA RIFLE.
After a beat, they rise, shaken.
Suddenly, directly in front of them-- --THE TANK APPEARS, moving swiftly around a corner, GUN TURRET SWIVELING at them.
He shakes hands, wide-eyed and speechless.
THE PLASMA WEAPON flies out of her arms, she COLLAPSES.
MARCUS moves to the NEXT IMAGE-- it shows his features TRANSFORMED into another's-- something closer to JOHN CONNOR'S FACE, with a JAGGED SCAR over part of his features.
The FACES of the men, all ages, intense, hopeful, fearful.
He ls casually but fashionably dressed, hair dyed blond long, a nervous elegance about him, almost unrecognisable from the croupier's face.
It now reads: 'ON THE BALL'.
JACK shakes hands with DAVID REYNOLDS, a cold man in his late forties, dead behind the eyes.
JACK shakes it.
MARION is asleep in bed.
She wakes.
JACK is asleep.
He wakes.
JACK shakes it.
MATT's car pulls up in the parking lot at the back of the restaurant.
The noise is close to deafening.
He starts across the dark room.
Suddenly the light comes on.
BELLA is frightened by JACK'S violence.
JACK pulls her suddenly into his arms, pulls her onto the bed.
She is startled.
She is crushed.
He hangs up.
JANI, wearing dark glasses, is driving.
She takes off her dark glasses.
The four PLAYERS shake hands across the net.
JACK stands in the middle of the dark room.
CHLOE is sitting at the table, half-asleep in her nightgown.
MARION is in bed asleep.
JACK is asleep in bed with MARION.
It wakes her.
He prays silently.
A POLICE DOCTOR uncovers a body on a gurney.
The ball falls into 10.
Scared, he steps away slowly.
Sethe looks frightened.
The children stare at Denver and 124, with horror and curiosity.
She bends low and crawls through the leaves into the center.
His feet sore and blistering in his shoes.
Paul realizes that may have sounded too intimate so he leans back and sighs: Like a nervous little girl, Sethe takes a sit beside a man for the first time in years, folding her sweat stained skirt beneath her.
It worries him.
Frightened, Paul steps back out the door.
She stops.
Sethe's sudden outburst startles Paul.
He rubs his cheek against it, feeling the scars beneath the dress.
Suddenly, PAUL'S LEGS BEGIN TREMBLING.
Denver looks frightened.
The awkwardness they both feel strike them suddenly as funny.
And then, just as quickly, the urge to laugh subsides - and the fear they feel takes it's place.
She shakes her head no.
A repulsion?
We hear the others O.S.: Camera stays on Sethe as we drown out the voices at the kitchen table.
Paul looks quizzically at Sethe, who shrugs; Suddenly, she begins to CHOKE on a raisin from the pudding and falls backward, off the chair.
Suddenly, Beloved awakens with a start.
Her legs are scratched and bleeding from moving through broken twigs and rock.
Sethe can not speak for fear.
She walks right into the water when suddenly, her own water breaks and her labor begins...
She doubles up in pain; Sethe, on her knees, crawls into the boat and props her feet up.
Sethe walks downriver with Denver tied to her chest.
A flash of fear is quickly transformed into pragmatism.
Suddenly she submerges herself underwater and holds herself there, as if to drown herself...
She stops.
She approaches the kitchen window and looks in.
Paul focuses on his dinner, suddenly ill at ease.
It makes him shiver.
Sethe is asleep.
Paul is asleep in the rocker...
Camera follows them under a burning sun as they approach; A TRENCH.
He surrenders.
A burden transformed into a gift, so suddenly.
She lets her head touch his chest.
Softly, suddenly, it begins to snow.
Paul is asleep.
Sethe understands, looks to her sleeping children and is frightened.
Stamp Paid's face registers sudden concern.
He stops before her.
Denver is asleep in a bassinet.
Sethe watches, a moment of fear across her face; Sethe realizes, placing down the bucket: Sethe sobs, uncontrollably.
Camera follows them as it reveals Baby Suggs and Stamp Paid standing exactly where we left them... Except; They are both staring at the shed - out of which strange noises, thuds and the FRIGHTENED CRIES OF CHILDREN are heard.... Two Black Boys and several Woman are coming up the road.
The Nephew is paralyzed... horrified.
The distance between these two people in this small room is suddenly vast.
Sethe rises up on her hands and knees, her laughter shaking her chest and causing her eyes to tear in the cold air.
Beat.
Stamp breathes a sigh of relief.
But a shadow appears to be hovering over 124.
A broken window... the front door off it's hinge...a front step splintered and dangerous.
Camera opens on the front hall and moves through the house, revealing the same neglect inside; Broken furniture, dusty floors, mess and disorder...  Camera enters; Dirty pans, crusted food on the table, window curtains hanging askew... Sethe sits hunched over, asleep, in a chair against the wall.
Her face registers fear.
She searches in a panic for more food - anywhere - opening cabinets, doors - places that never stored food.
Denver exits the kitchen, afraid to leave them alone...
Denver crawls into her arms.
Denver walks down the stairs, entering the kitchen; Sethe is on her knees, picking up pieces of broken plate.
Suddenly; Sethe and Denver rush out of the kitchen to see; beloved running through the rooms, clawing at her throat, causing it to bleed...  Sethe and Denver rush towards into the keeping room.
Then, Sethe looks beyond the women and sees: Sethe's expression turns to fear, then rage.
Looks nervous for a second, then holds up a clipboard.
Shuts his eyes, thinking, scared.
He suddenly veers off the road toward...
Jim lashes out with a fist, hard and fast, hitting Kenny in the chest, knocking him out of the ski-boat, into the water.
He hears...
Karen suddenly turns on Phil and pushes him out of the boat.
Gets to his feet, woozy and goes to get out of the cell.
Is terrified, about to die.
She pulls out a Swiss Army knife, unfolds a small knife and starts taking out the screws holding the cage in place.
She sits and he lays down on the roof, catching his breath.
One problem -- Kenny doesn't know the danger they're in.
Kenny is shivering.
Kenny's shivering stops.
They shake hands.
Are watching, from the shadows on the dark side of the street.
Before he can pull it out, holes puff out of his chest, followed by blood and then the sound of the rifle-shots.
Then he's hit and knocked out of the boat, dead.
Gets to his knees in his boat and starts shooting.
Blood is dripping down from his arm.
Phil looks scared shitless.
Karen starts to panic.
She's using the tip of the knife blade to unscrew the screws holding the support to the railing.
She starts chipping at the plaster with the knife.
The line of lights on top of the dam start to fall over, then go dark, snuffed out by an unseen force.
Is shot in the gut and the thigh and high on the chest and he stumbles back, bellowing, and falls out of the Sheriff's boat and into the water.
The Sheriff's boat comes onto Main Street, moving fast.
And he clutches it to his chest as... Hits the church.
The house has been hit by the flood.
Looking over the peak of the roof in horror.
We FOLLOW THE BALL, spiraling through the slanting rain.
Alvin exudes danger; big, fast and hostile on the field, slightly surly, a sense of repressed anger off it.
Humes and Clayton fear an outburst, a display of rage.
Bud and the others on the side of the road are increasingly worried now.
Bud hesitates a second, scared, but stung by this dare.
Everybody scared shitless, howling their lungs out.
Worried, he looks at the clock, goes on to the next page.
Suddenly Darnell sees Autumn walking across the Quad.
Nervous, talking very little, eyes playing over the pictures of former E.S.U.
Scrimmage.
Camille comes to the net to shake hands, but Joe hangs back.
Still it's a megaton of pressure.
He hangs up.
Camille jumps off the bike, scared stiff and livid with anger.
The tailback, eyes wide with fear, cuts back, away from Alvin, where he's promptly crunched by Lattimer.
Darnell, suddenly realizing, gives it up.
A FAT CAT ALUMNUS approaches him.
She pounds on his chest, pushing him back on the table.
He's embarrassed and deeply worried.
Suddenly the room goes silent.
Camille stops, turns back, sees Joe headed for the tracks, starts to worry.
Horrified, Camille runs down the embankment toward him.
Camille looks up, afraid to breath as Joe lies motionless on the tracks.
Suddenly he stirs, pushes himself up to his knees.
She's starting to get a little scared.
She listens a few more rings, hangs up, concerned.
Suddenly we hear SIRENS.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, Ray reappears and throws a devastating block on the linebacker, knocking him back into the cornerback, taking them both out.
Smash!
It's wartime as tackles and blockers collide, hand-fight, go down, scramble up, collide again, all in pursuit of Joe.
The ball barely clears the hands of a lunging linebacker.
Louanne stops when she sees her father, fearful of his reaction.
Eddie is walking home, eying the homeless on the street, feeling his dismal future breathing down his neck.
A beat.
Eddie is suddenly seized by a racking cough -- a horrible smoker's cough that makes him double over.
His eye suddenly falls on his desk.
Destroyed.
He starts shaking...  then, seized with horror that they might still be in here, he edges to the bedroom.
A beat.
A beat.
It's Mark who's a little nervous.
Eddie, differently dressed, surrounded by stacks of research, again keying away...  Eddie sits across from a sinister-looking young Russian in his early 30's.
And suddenly...  He's across the room.
Kevin Doyle arrives, looking a little nervous.
A beat.
Kevin stares in horror.
Eddie suddenly pulls back the bait.
He stops.
Eddie walks in, much more tentative in his stride, fear in his eyes.
He's struggling.
A flash of panic in Eddie's eyes.
He puts down the phone, fear on his face.
The man suddenly looks up.
Shock.
By GENNADY THE RUSSIAN.
Tense, panicked.
Her voice is tense, terrified.
A beat.
She hangs up.
He sinks to his knees, hand to his cheek, welling blood.
Fear begins to prick the back of Eddie's neck.
GENNADY appears, now with TWO RUSSIAN THUGS of his own.
She shakes both of their hands.
With a huge, angry scar slashed across his cheek.
A beat.
Stares at himself, terrified, in the mirror.
It BUZZES again.
Suddenly the MONITOR goes BLACK.
We HEAR Eddie's shallow, panicked breathing.
The door holds, but Eddie begins to back away in horror.
The MDT TABLET goes flying...  (slow motion.)... as...  ...also in slow motion, Gennady and his two thugs smile as they advance into the room...  THE MDT TABLET... flies...  flies... towards a GRATE in the floor -- a heating vent -- and HITS it...  rolling... ...  before disappearing forever down the grate.
He calls excitedly, in Russian, to the other room.
Gennady calls back in Russian.
Eddie brings the knife up as hard as he can, right into Gennady's stomach.
Eddie turns the fillet knife back on Gennady, slashes at his other arm; blood spurts.
Eddie lies alongside him, panting, arm grazed and welling blood from where Gennady's filleting knife slashed him, suddenly weak and exhausted.
Looking at the blood.
look up at a NOISE.
Dead.
Reuben approaches, falls into step with them.
Steadman suddenly chuckles -- not at all concerned by this.
He's scared..
Gru looks worried--what do I do now?
Edith spits out her magic balloon in horror and we follow it up to reveal-- Gru.
Suddenly Jillian is sprayed in the face with water.
SCREECH!
They strike threatening karate poses.
Then it goes crazy and attacks the scientist.
The bunny attacks the technician, then the camera... and the film is over.
A shadow falls across the terrified minion as something unseen abducts him.
The girls react in horror.
A bird, flying in the air, is suddenly struck by an airplane.
Margo, Edith and Agnes are fast asleep in their beds.
CRASH!
A noise comes from the backyard.
Kevin LAUGHS at him and imitates Jerry's scared face.
They start to slap fight until-- A SPOTLIGHT comes down from above, lighting up the terrified minions.
The mall is dark and the parking lot is empty, except for two minions and Lucy's car.
The chicken regroups, CLUCKS, and attacks.
Gasps.
Eduardo approaches the kitchen, brandishing the knife.
The minions shake as they go up the bumpy stairs.
CRASH!
Suddenly the ice cream cone on top of the truck transforms into a LARGE TUBE and extends itself above the minions.
Suddenly a MAN approaches the trash can with a steaming cup of coffee.
CRASH!
Gru is about to respond when suddenly Edith and Agnes burst in, out of breath.
Gru, panicking, shakes his head and wags his fingers.
Gru watches in horror as Shannon reaches across the table for the wig.
He is stunned by this.
They both huddle under it.
CHOP! Suddenly AXES chop through the wall.
Suddenly a WHIRLPOOL appears in the water right next to him.
And then a GIANT DEVICE appears, looking like a huge, scary HYPODERMIC NEEDLE filled with purple liquid.
Gru realizes he's in danger and quickly tries to backpedal.
He is scared by his own reflection in a shiny parked car.
Agnes looks scared.
Then reaches a nervous hand and pulls back the drapes.
Suddenly, evil minion Kevin appears at the window, looking really scary!
SMASH!
CRASH!
Then suddenly a HYPODERMIC NEEDLE enters frame and injects evil minion Kevin.
He has two big jelly weapons in his hands.
But she still manages to hit a number of Evil Minions.
El Macho kicks an evil minion at Gru, but he manages to hit it with jelly and transform it back to yellow.
Gru holds his gun up to El Macho and gives him a threatening look.
He GASPS.
The Minions and Girls watch in horror as Gru and Lucy fly off on the rocket.
Everyone looks to Agnes, who is visibly nervous.
A man walks down the middle of the street, long trench, dark shades.
Thunder.
Police line all around as Greenly stares at the body like the detective has seen a ghost.
Detectives DOLLY and DUFFY are scared.
The Saints execute Poppa Joe Yakavetta before many terrified witnesses, the alarm blaring in the b.g.
The cops suddenly flush with fear.
Fear and frustration burst from Sibeal.
Dolly and Duffy shake and manage a nod.
Duffy and Dolly stand behind Greenly, chest to chest, each mimicking guns to the back of the kneeling cop's head.
He pulls the terrified cleric out.
Fear and realization.
Their faces glaze over, religious ecstasy...  Romeo's eyes go wide and muffled cries of terror are heard.
We hear a stressing motor.
Machinery noise in b.g.
CRASH!
Suddenly, Romeo whips it in reverse, cranks the wheel guns it and navigates the well.
They kill him.
DIP TO BLACK...  Haunting music.
They place pennies in eyes and cross hands over chests.
The cops look terrified.
The brothers are "highly aware" and give respectful silence.
A look of dread.
Jimmy draws back a large curtain, exposing a steel panic room.
A terrified George hustles for the door.
Panic Room?
Eunice suddenly re-enters the room with emergency.
Hard core music as the Brugliones turn in horror.
The terrified ex-gangster staggers toward an exit while wriggling out of his bonds.
SLO-MO: Suddenly, Eunice bursts through the kitchen door and levels her weapon at the brothers and Romeo.
They shake.
With a squeegee they move pools of blood across the linoleum floor and re-position bodies.
The Detectives look nervous.
Romeo suddenly appears and slaps down a metal box.
With this, the panic room door slides open and Concezio emerges holding a bag.
Concezio dives back into the panic room.
Greenly is by the panic room.
There are six dangerous looking men standing shoulder to shoulder before them.
The scaffold suddenly stops.
They fall down and out in slow motion, knives in hand.
SLO-MO: Yakavetta runs toward his panic room.
Eunice stands before the panic room door.
Greenly whispers to Duffy...  Suddenly, the panic room door slides open and Jimmy yanks Eunice inside.
Jimmy looks scared.
Panic room door opens and Eunice emerges with Jimmy in tow.
A silence POP! rings out from the shadows.
revolvers.
The boys watch in horror, trying to figure it out.
In Italian...  "Click!"   Crew Cut's eyes widen in fear.
The brothers pray faster as Crew Cut thinks in horror.
Noah holds a knife to Thug #1's throat at a card table.
The other Mafiosi scream in horror.
Ominous.
She is overcome and weeps.
Fear.
He dies.
A dark silence hovers along the deserted, bunker-like studio.
A line of wailing INDIAN Mom's scared face...  Grandma trying to hide Jim's face but he looks back...
The kid looking back through the rear window, terrified -- his first view of death.
The bodies, the sense of doom overlaying the land -- a child's worst nightmare.
He vanishes.
As he winds down the window and starts crawling out of the car.
"Hawk!
He has instilled a flux of fear in the group.
He's in pain.
TECHIES are moving amplifiers, running sound checks, stalling time, the MANAGER SIDDONS gauging the crowd, nervous.
Her dark side radiant.
Suddenly he's scared inside.
Danger fills the air, electric.
The LIGHTS coming on suddenly, the AUDIENCE seething.
There's blood in the streets & it's up to my knees She came Blood in the streets of Chicago She came Blood on the rise and it's following me Just about the break of day (etc.)
She's cracking up now.
COPS lining the edge of the stage, looking worried.
Shadows of the trees and leaves blowing against the walls.
PAM runs out into Laurel Canyon like a terrified doe running from a forest fire.
A whisper out of the dark.
He lifts his dark glasses, winks back at her.
The noise is overwhelming.
Acid, light, noise.
Robbie starts to feel the effects of the acid Jim gave him -- his eyes registering fear.
He stops singing suddenly, squinting out into the madness.
Hisses at them.
RAY and SIDDONS arrive, terrified, looking for him.
Into your blue-blue Blues Into your blues Siddons and Ray terrified.
So alone -- lone lone Ray, Tom, Siddons, Mike, Dog, they all watch in horror, sensing it will happen.
Then SHE'S THERE -- in his arms.
In slightly SLOW MOTION, a FIGURE moves down a corridor into a blinding light of stage and smoke.
The AUDIENCE is out there somewhere in the dark -- we sense they too have become ghosts, as all of us will one day.
She takes out a carrot stick and eases it down her throat.
We see Stacy's anxious face, as the car speeds up Ridgemont Drive, with music.
The Rat feels the beginnings of cold panic, but barges through nonetheless.
He sticks out his hand, and they shake.
We are in the middle of a deep, dark void.
As we draw still closer, curtains suddenly part to reveal a wildly cheering studio audience.
The audience is howling once again...  when suddenly we hear the loud noise of a door opening, followed by a shrill voice.
who is asleep in the bleachers.
The film freeze frames on the terrified face of a child about to be splattered.
The words flash on the screen and we hear a high school Driver's Training class groan in mock horror.
The panic sweeps across his face.
His heart pounds into his throat.
Her knee grazes his.
He almost does, but then reacts as she says suddenly...  Her knee grazes him again.
He stops.
There is a silent moment of terror.
Watching.
Underneath the water, her leg accidentally knocks against his.
Brad looks up suddenly.
The kids are beginning to get very nervous now as they are led down the hall to the "Cold Room."
A deep cut has been made in Arthur's chest.
Stacy is shook up.
as he realizes she is sincere, and he truly begins to panic.
She looks at the clock again, then hears a noise in the driveway.
She looks anxious.
A moment later, the yellow Firebird pulls into the 7-11 parking lot.
There is a glazed and nervous speedy edge to his voice.
The gunman is still grabbing his face, and looking at his skinless hands in horror when Brad snaps up the gun.
In the parking lot, the gunman's accomplice, poised behind the wheel of the yellow Firebird, spots the foul-up and screeches out of the parking lot.
Then suddenly the door to his room flies open and Spicoli's little brother Curtis bursts in.
L.C. and the Surf Nazis take out in hot pursuit, chasing him through the parking lot, past Ridgemont High, and into the night.
Close by, loping in their scary way.
(Eventually, as the terror began, these areas all got surrounded, each with its own thorn fence.)
A NERVOUS ORDERLY who approaches them.
Bearing down.
Middle of the night.
And the donkey is suddenly awake and scared- -and then it all goes crazy- the donkey screams and a lion appears from the bushes and Patterson fires one shot and the sound -and Starling topples from the tree to the ground, landing shocked but unhurt- -he has landed close to the dead lion- he stares at it.
We are in an area of grass and shadow- -and specks of blood.
PATTERSON, the middle of the night.
Now he stops.
Still darker.
Stunned.
They should be nervous- -The Ghost walks among them, chooses which one to kill, leaps on it, brings it to earth as the dust rises.
In the other, the three armed, tough coolies.
THE DARKNESS, whirling on his side, roaring and leaping and THE COOLIES and sure they fire, but they're still so goddam scared and THE DOOR THAT SLID DOWN- it's held in place by some thick wooden bars- -and now the Coolies start to hit something- the wooden bars because they begin to splinter and THE DARKNESS, whirling, leaping at the bars and THE COOLIES firing and then- THE DOOR as it flops open and just like that- THE DARKNESS.
Patterson and Abdullah and suddenly it's dangerous.
And now here comes Abdullah leading a crowd of men, wading into a huge patch of thorn trees, cutting the thick branches down, starting to load them for carrying- -and it's high noon now, and Patterson drenched with sweat, leads the start of the actual building- taking the thorn branches, bunching them together, forcing them so there is no room between them- -and we can just begin to get the sense of what the fence will be- except at the moment it's barely a foot high- -and now Redbeard appears, beckons to Patterson, and Patterson, Redbeard, and Samuel walk quickly.
Silence for a moment except for the sound of the weapons being reassembled.
Dark, filled with long dark shadows.
The fear is there.
THE WHOLE LINE OF WARRIORS, screaming and pounding and SAMUEL- the fear worse, dogging Redbeard's steps.
Faster, screaming louder and SAMUEL and the fear starting to leave and he screams louder too and PATTERSON- he fingers the weapon.
THE GHOST, starting to turn.
THE GHOST IN CLOSE UP, CAUGHT IN THE CROSSHAIRS OF THE RIFLE.
He stalks the perimeter now too, on the far side from Redbeard- and suddenly a different and frightening sound- the ripping of flesh- Now we can see both Patterson inside and also outside where, in shadow, The Ghost and The Darkness are devouring a hunk of meat.
THE CATTLE- they are very upset suddenly- one of them kicks out violently against the night- the same gesture the cattle did just before The Ghost walked through their pen and killed one- -now a different sound is heard: scratching- PATTERSON AND REDBEARD tracking the sound- -the main gate is starting to be pushed in.
A TENT FULL OF SICK MEN with malaria and A PAW flashing and THE DARKNESS, lips pulling back and A SICK MAN, falling from his bed, blood pouring from his slashed face and TWO MORE SICK MEN, trying to rise and THE GHOST, leaping on them and THE DARKNESS, eyes narrow and brilliant and A SICK COOLIE, and he's terrified and he tries to scream- -the sound barely escapes him, but even so, it's the first cry we've heard and -but the New Hospital is on the other end, a good distance away.
HAWTHORNE ALONE IN THE NIGHT, scared shitless as he runs.
Dead.
Pain.
More dead.
More dying.
It's a slaughterhouse.
He's crushed.
THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS are on him, roaring.
Samuel stays close behind him, the worried look still there.
A ghost town now.
Desolate.
A RAVINE.
Slow.
Suddenly it's getting eerie.
WHAT HE SEES: it's dark and dangerous and there is a long low tunnel you have to half-crawl through.
It's scary- dark with shafts of light coming from cracks in the rock.
What the hell is it?
It's dangerous.
It's madness that he's up here.
He swallows, moistening his throat.
Involuntarily, a shiver.
WHAT THE GHOST SEES: PATTERSON.
WHAT THE GHOST SEES: PATTERSON.
WHAT THE GHOST SEES: PATTERSON.
Alert.
THE GHOST.
THE MOUTH OF THE GHOST- it is huge- -Beaumont manages to get it open- puts his head between the enormous set of teeth- he's nervous, tries to hide it when we REDBEARD suddenly giving a loud imitation of a lion roaring and BEAUMONT, surprised and frightened- -he jerks his head away- -there is the sound of laughter, Patterson's and Redbeard's- -Beaumont tries for his smile, can't bring it off, looks around, humiliated, and as the laughter builds- Patterson and Redbeard flank a fire.
OUTSIDE.
Patterson, shaken, tries to rid himself of the dream.
and The Darkness suddenly is there, creeping across the bridge toward the shrieking baboon and the instant it appears- PATTERSON.
THE SCAFFOLDING.
The camera zooms away from his face, revealing: Yuri alone on a battlefield surrounded by the charred carcasses of armored military vehicles and other equipment, discarded weapons and ammunition, desert floor stained with what appears to be blood.
- The BULLET waits - in the gloomy chamber.
Suddenly, from outside, the sound of raised voices and gunfire.
- The leading bullet narrowly misses, whistles past the boy's ear, striking the whitewashed wall behind - one more pock-mark in a building riddled with pock-marks.
VITALY and IRINA load overstuffed suitcases into an old Russian sedan driven by an old Russian Military Officer, UNCLE DMITRI.
On stage, a generic-looking ROCK GROUP starts to play a cover from the 80's - Tears For Fears' "Shout".
He is paralyzed.
YURI, hastily adjusting his yarmulke, falls into step.
The terrified PAINTER makes for the stern where he's hurriedly winched over.
The Customs Boat is closing fast.
On the FREIGHTER, we focus on the terrified PAINTER standing beside Yuri - a pool of urine appears from the trouser leg.
A Jeep, full to overflowing with heavily-armed NARCO-GUERRILLAS suddenly appears at the far end of the dock and speeds towards them.
They suddenly blink open.
A crash.
A Border Guard approaches Yuri's car window.
We reveal where Yuri is sitting - on the roof of a rusting Russian sedan, the Vaz 4-door.
Simeon regards the young man with a mixture of fear and admiration pours himself another drink.
Yuri shrugs, shakes the Major's hand.
DMITRI stands beside the convoy of trucks parked barely out of view of the checkpoint, including Yuri's Mercedes and a huge open-bed tractor-trailer carrying a Russian Hind helicopter gunship.
Yuri nods, disguising his terror.
Yuri, averts his eyes from the boys, uncomfortable reviewing soldiers a head shorter than he.
The sedan enters the underpass beneath the Helmsley building - for a moment the car hidden from aerial surveillance.
Slightly shaken, she picks up the phone and dials.
Yuri stares into the old gunrunner's terrified eyes.
Yuri panics, hurriedly zipping himself.
Suddenly a FACE appears in one of the holes - SIMEON.
A vacant-eyed YURI sits in the shadow of an enormous stack of arms, unloaded from a freighter.
Yuri senses something very wrong.
Shaking the image from her head, she turns her attention to the briefcases and other documents.
VITALY is back at work in the kitchen of the family restaurant.
Vitaly watches in horror.
In Vitaly's chest, a bullet.
The horse is frothing and wild-eyed, like the bride, who turns to look behind her in terror.
The horse's labored breathing mingles with Maggie's panicked gasps.
Ike continues walking now in the full panic of writer's block.
Peggy and Mrs. Pressman enter, worried.
She suddenly stops, yanks Ike's article off the wall, leaves her workout area and goes to her desk.
A buzz.
He's been "devilized".
SHOCKED WEDDING GUESTS rise in horror, as she runs from this first wedding.
As Maggie rides down the aisle, suddenly the horse whinnies!
Maggie looks at Mrs. Trout, suddenly nervous.
She dashes out.
It's broken.
Suddenly, a loud CHUCKLING emanates from the car overhead.
There it is on Gill's chest: the rose tattoo.
Suddenly, Peggy stands, pushes past him and runs down the steps.
She flees to the bathroom, and shuts and locks the door.
He starts to pound on the door.
Suddenly, the car falters and jerks.
Maggie is nervous.
She's more than a little terrified.
Ike swallows, overwhelmed, overjoyed, and scared shitless.
Casey's jaw drops as total fear storms her face.
Casey, terrified, forces herself to move.. staggering to the kitchen... to the glass doors.
CLOSE ON his eyes..wide in fear..staring at his girlfriend, pleading with her.
Terror rides Casey's face.
Casey goes silent... a nervous wreck...she can barely speak much less think.
Casey looks around her... she looks down the hall to the front door...then turns back to the kitchen glass door as it suddenly...  as a lawn chair come flying through it.
Casey eases out the window, fumbling, dropping the knife back in the house.
Her eyes cover the sprawling country yard when suddenly....  in the distance, coming down the road towards the house...she recognizes them instantly.
The car turns into the driveway... Casey SCREAMS, waving madly, rushing by a tree as... Casey stumbles back, catching her balance... the FIGURE moves on her, arm poised high...a flash of silver... and Casey is struck, across the chest.
They enter the house and close the door as.... Casey collapses on the ground, clutching her bloody chest... the FIGURE upon her.
In a split second they're both panic stricken.
Her hands are at work, typing feverishly, when suddenly...
A noise behind her.
The late night wind hits her face as a SHADOW appears just to the left of her, a hand reaches out, grabs her and suddenly a FIGURE is on top of her...  Sid SCREAMS...pulling away from the figure... breaking free, falling back onto the floor.
A distracted man, nervous and pre-occupied.
Sidney approaches the school seeing the commotion.
Sidney is fast asleep on the couch.
She hangs up on him.
She pushes it closed again looking behind her..the FIGURE has risen, knife in hand.
The knife slashes through the crack in the door wildly.
A fearful silence.
As he does, a small black object falls from his dark jeans.
Riley shakes his head "no".
They collide hard catching Sidney off guard, scaring the life out of her.
Terror floods her face.
I'm sickened.
Neither student budges, scared to even breathe.
Suddenly the door BURSTS open and Sidney appears, hysterical.
Dewey heads for the school building.
Suddenly, Mr. Himbry's VOICE in amplified through intercoms across campus via the PA system.
A GHOST MASKED FIGURE lunges from behind it...knife in hand.
Busted.
A huge old home just ripe for a night of fun and... terror.
Hands go up.
Suddenly, Gale starts to COUGH.
Tatum is alone in the kitchen.
A small lightbulb overhead comes on, barely lighting the large two car garage, leaving pockets of shadows along the wall.
Suddenly, CRR- BRRRM!
Tatum spins around to see.. Silhouetted in the dark, next to the kitchen door, his hand on the switch.
She looks down, glimpsing a long sharp blade as it darts forward, cutting into her forearm...  Tatum pulls back, horrified, as the moment turns deadly serious.
She staggers backwards, holding her bloody arm, backing into the refrigerator, The FIGURE lashes out with the knife.
In a panic, she BEATS and PULLS on it, trying to make it lift.
Tatum's arms and legs fly about violently as she tries to free herself from the door, but it moves too fast, carrying her up...
Sid moves to close it when....  BILLY appears in a classic fake scare.
The CAMERA WIDENS to reveal several TEENS watching the TV--the horror diehards.
SCARY MUSIC fills the room.
Back in the living room, the horror fest continues when the phone RINGS.
It strikes down with force... hitting his chest as blood sprays the air.
as he watches Billy's body come to a still before quietly, calmly turning his attention to...  SIDNEY who stands, numb...scared to death.
Gale is surprisingly nervous.
Dewey is panicked.
SCARY MUSIC SWELLS, filling the room.
The GHOST begins to lift her, pulling her back onto the balcony.
A sheer moment of fear as Gale hits the gas plummeting the car forward, into a ditch.
She uses every ounce of strength when suddenly, the GHOST DISAPPEARS, dropping down, below the window, out of her view.
She doesn't see the...  GHOST FIGURE open the tailgate door of the jeep and slowly crawl in behind her.
Sidney, with surprising strength, spins around and attacks the She falls back against the dash, legs out, kicking wildly at him.
Vanished.
It scares the life out of her.
Slowly, she takes a step back, moving into the dark refines of the kitchen.
She takes another step back, shrinking into the dark kitchen.
She continues to back up, moving right into the arms of... Sidney spins around... her mouth open in speechless horror.
A NOISE comes from the kitchen.
His eyes wide in fear, very much alive.
A sudden silence.
He takes the knife from Billy.
Suddenly, the phone RINGS.
A GHOST MASKED FIGURE strikes from within, with an umbrella, the sharp end hitting him in the chest as it fans out.
Billy stumbles back, stunned, as the GHOST comes at him again... the umbrella lodges in his chest, and he goes down.
His body drenched in blood.
Sidney grabs the gun next to Billy and turns to the living room to find...  Randy and Stu rolling across the floor in a dead lock, fighting, both seriously injured...Sid tries to find aim when a...  HAND GRABS HOLD of Sidney's ankle, toppling her to the floor...once again she finds Billy on top of her...  Randy and Stu pound at each other, beating and clawing... ON SIDNEY as she fights viciously, attacking with everything she's got...  Randy is desperately trying to pry away from Stu...he grabs hold of the television set and tries to pull himself off the floor out of Stu's clutch...  His hands find the top of the TV...the VCR... he yanks on it, gripping it with his hands, bringing it around with force-CRASHING the VCR into Stu's head.
Her other hand brings the gun up to his face... but he head bunts it out the front door...suddenly a flash of silver appears above Sidney.
The she aims the barrel at Billy who's eyes suddenly open, blinking up at her, blood bubbling from his lips.
A quiet moment when suddenly...
Ambulance.
Carl GASPS in horror.
Carl shakes his head "no."
SHADOWS move gently across the fireplace mantle.
He looks...  Russell?!! Russell is plastered up against the wall, terrified and holding on for dear life.
Beat.
Russell PANTS, panicked.
The tiny house is heading for a MASSIVE STORM.
Carl is asleep.
Another dark object whooshes past them.
Carl is TERRIFIED.
Two dark shapes are chasing the prey.
Hunters.
A HIGH PITCHED SQUEAL stops the dogs short, their ears wincing in pain.
Carl pokes at the bird with his cane, trying to scare it off.
It looks scary and fun.
It hisses.
The bird tries to shake Dug off its leg.
SMASH!
Lightning flashes reveal rain pouring down on the house.
Carl's eyes adjust to the dark.
Alpha is about to bite when an avalanche of boulders rains down!
He breathes a SIGH OF RELIEF.
Carl panics.
He rushes toward the house, dropping the knife.
He walks up the steps of his house.
He managed to bring the house to the falls, but Ellie never made it.
She's miserable and scared.
The planes fall into formation and fly toward the house.
Dug hears and BITES Muntz on the leg.
Muntz CRACKS his back free and kicks Carl in the chest, knocking him against a trophy.
Suddenly, a trap door opens.
Muntz storms toward the house.
Desmond and Stanley shake.
Desmond walks to that trailer.
A terrified MAID is whimpering and scampering away from Jeffries trying to stave away an epileptic fit.
We suddenly find ourselves in front of the Hayward House.
After a beat.
Big sigh of relief.
Now she moves to her "private" diary behind her dresser - gets a pen, ready to write and starts to freak out.
Laura panics.
Laura runs down the steps nearly colliding with her mom, SARAH PALMER, coming home with a load of groceries.
Her eyes widen, terrified with suspicion.
We stay with her watching her face - struggling with the prospects of the terrifying future.
It is a picture of a room with flowered wallpaper and a dark doorway in its corner.
Laura comes to Shelly in a panic.
Suddenly it reveals Bob standing in her room at her dresser.
She turns off the light and stares at the picture in the dark.
As if by magic, we suddenly begin to move into the picture - into the room in the picture and thru the dark doorway in the room in the picture.
On the other side of the dark doorway there is another room.
She tries to move her left arm, but it has fallen asleep.
Filled with fear she looks down and in her hand is Teresa Banks' ring.
SHE SCREAMS.
It is dark on the other side of the door.
Asleep in her bed.
Laura freezes in horror.
The fear leaves Laura.
Laura falls full of panic to Donna.
PHILIP GERARD, the one armed man, in a deep sweat kneels in front of a circle of twelve lit candles, fighting for air and struggling to hear something.
Leland is panicked.
Laura can't make this out over the noise.
Suddenly, he stops short and jumps back.
Laura's hands are shaking as she does a line of cocaine.
Suddenly, they hear footsteps.
Bobby panics and pulls out his gun.
This time in the chest.
Bobby is furious and scared.
The second it touches the tongue he panics and frantically takes a deeper test.
She hangs up.
She falls asleep.
The room is dark.
Her hands go up.
They both scream.
Looking up at the trees as they fly by in a dark blur.
He panics and weaves down the hill to his corvette and takes off.
Laura watches as her fear drives her to hysteria.
Gerard reaches up to help her when suddenly she flies over his head having been hit.
Bloody knife thru the air.
A frightening wind carries haunting music.
She watches him.
Beat.
The watch.
CAMERA CONTINUES PAST HER TO REVEAL Frank, clutching the railing beside her, afraid to wake up.
Demidov makes a gesture and a second BODYGUARD with a SCAR on his face gives Quinn an envelope filled with cash.
One has a scar on his face...  Demidov's BODYGUARDS.
Scarface takes out a silenced PISTOL and mutters something in Russian to his partner.
The Russian picks the lock and slowly starts to open the door.
A moment later a KNIFE comes through the crack and starts to slide the chain...  Frank stares at the knife; he has to act fast... Frank throws his shoulder against the door.
The Russians stand on the Pallid Woman's balcony and prepare to JUMP...  as Frank crawls out from under the wounded Welshman and peers over the next balcony... Which is at least TWENTY FEET from the roof.
The Russians burst out the back.
Nervous, he gets up and goes to the door...  Frank looks right and left.
It stops.
Limping and terrified, Frank jogs towards the ramp marked Uscita in the far corner.
He falls to his knees.
The Russian with the gun in his hand walks carefully alongside.
A Russian leans out the window and fires at the outlines of Cara and Frank's HEADS.
Suddenly, scraping paint, Cara's car SPRINGS forward, jetting out onto the street.
The Russians can only watch as Cara speeds away.
Cara shakes Frank.
He flinches.
A beat.
With an unfamiliar gentleness, Cara approaches Frank sleeping on the sofa and touches his shoulder.
Suddenly Demidov pistol whips the man across the face!
Scarface looks on in fear.
Jones clears her throat from a chair across the room.
Beat.
A beat.
A light from the boat shines in his eyes.
Another monitor goes dark.
ON FRANK -- concerned.
Her eyes are clouded with fear and pain as she views the room half-askew.
BANG!
Cara takes his arm to climb onto the boat.
He looks anxious.
MRS DASHWOOD is just managing to conceal her fear and grief MRS DASHWOOD tries to laugh but it emerges as a sob.
Suddenly his breathing changes.
JOHN gets nervous.
Suddenly she hears a commotion outside.
Suddenly she senses EDWARD behind her and turns.
Suddenly MARIANNE hugs her passionately.
She looks at it, suddenly concerned and anxious.
MARIANNE suddenly stands up.
Her knife is blunt and she saws impatiently.
Oddly nervous, MARIANNE takes it.
Despite her rising fear, MARGARET squares her shoulders bravely and tries to sense the direction.
She dashes off.
CU Margaret's terrified expression.
Rain is thudding against the window from which MRS DASHWOOD turns, looking very worried.
But we can see she is trying to conceal her anxiety from her mother.
MRS DASHWOOD runs back into the parlour, jittering with excitement and anxiety.
WILLOUGH BY suddenly appears in his curricle.
WILLOUGHBY drops the parody suddenly.
Suddenly, MARIANNE bursts out of the parlour sobbing, and disappears into the room opposite.
The rain has settled in.
She looks at the food and tuts in anxiety.
Suddenly a much louder rap is heard and they both jump.
He shakes hands with ELINOR and with MARIANNE, who is silent with dismay.
His ghosts have come to haunt him.
Suddenly she speaks.
MARIANNE suddenly looks anxious.
Suddenly, MARIANNE stops.
She frowns at the spider's web of ink.
Suddenly there is a commotion upstairs.
Suddenly there is a yell from MARGARET's tree.
He looks anxious.
As we draw back further still, he slowly pulls the horse around and moves off in the opposite direction.. EVAN, 20, good-looking but with dark haunted eyes, frantically hides himself in an unlit Doctor's office.
His face and chest are covered in blood.
Andrea races through the school zone and heads for the main doors.
Andrea is visibly shaken now.
His desperate gasps for breath are frightening.
Evan, scared, looks around for Mrs. Boswell, but cannot find her.
She shivers.
Suddenly -- Evan comes to in an unfamiliar place.
Evan's eyes dart from the fireplace to Mr. Miller's camera lens and finally to Kayleigh, whose ashen face trembles slightly.
Panic spreads across Evan's face.
Kayleigh shakes Lenny's inhaler and hands it to him when he gets back.
Evan shakes his head "no".
Evan's eyes suddenly roll back in his head.
Nothing but moans and blood.
Evan nods, scared.
She shakes her head in terror and grabs the remote.
Kayleigh, repulsed, suddenly darts from the aisle and runs out.
Evan shakes his head "no".
But she winces.
Suddenly a FOOT reaches out and trips Tommy.
Tormented.
Andrea, in her nurse uniform, exits the house to her car.
Inside the car, Lenny jerks back in horror.
There is a sudden KNOCK at the window.
Evan shakes his head "no".
He sinks another ball.
CRASH!!!
Suddenly Heidi stops and sniffs the air.
Evan is terrified.
Fear covers his face.
Suddenly a car appears from down the street and slowly pulls into the driveway.
Evan looks on in horror and suddenly clenches his teeth in pain and silently swipes the front of his shirt, sending the lit cigarette to the ground.
Evan, Kayleigh and Lenny watch the results in stunned horror.
Looking sick and pale, he lifts his shirt to see a NEW SCAR from the cigarette burn.
Suddenly, a HAND grabs his shoulder.
Evan, tired and depressed, sits on the lawn nearby, fingering the new burn scar on his belly.
Who silently opens the door at the top of the basement stairs and watches with horror.
Hiding at the top of the basement stairs, Tommy recoils in horror and picks up one of his sister's dolls and begins twisting the head back and forth...
Evan and Kayleigh exchange worried looks.
Suddenly, Kayleigh's ears perk and she stops walking mid-stride.
Evan stands frozen in fear, his hands rooted in his coat pockets.
Evan sees what he's done and drops the weapon, horrified.
Evan rushes toward her and she stumbles backwards, still terrified by his rage, and skitters away from him in a crablike fashion.
Suddenly -- The sounds of COCKED RIFLES echo through the air.
Evan looks to see two scars in the center of each palm.
They say nothing, relishing the fearful silence.
Thumper opens the door, sees Evan convulsing and jumps back in horror.
The dark five o'clock shadow and his malicious grin radiate evil.
Mr. Miller goes slack, his eyes wide with horror.
Evan suddenly comes to life and makes himself visible, running across the street shouting.
As Evan writhes about on the floor, his legs paralyzed, a Evan focuses on Lenny, but it's hard to ignore the crowd that titters and snickers in the background.
He lays his head onto Evan's shoulder.
Mr. Miller takes a slow, non-threatening step toward Evan.
Hopeless.
Andrea, biting her nails, is unable to conceal her fear.
Sporadically, severe VIBRATIONS invade Evan's environment, threatening to distract him from his mission.
Evan groans and shakes his head "no".
Lenny nods, still concerned.
WU HAN, a waiter with a scar across his cheek, watches Short Round leave.
Indiana looks worried.
She looks down terrified at the knife Indy is poking against her ribs.
The knife pokes Willie and she whimpers again.
Chen assumes he's about to keel over from the poison -- but Indy suddenly turns and grabs a real wai- ter at another table.
Willie ducks and cringes terrified in the corner -- Indy grabs his shoulder bag and pulls a pistol out of it.
At the same moment, the Chinese co-pilot tips his hat up off his eyes -- and looks scared to death!
Suddenly, machine gunfire erupts!
The DC-3 banks into the clouds as the two biplanes attack.
Short Round suddenly butts the co-pilot in the stomach with his head.
The fighters peel off toward the DC-3 with their guns flaming in another attack.
The machine gun explodes to life, chewing bullets, smoking and spitting shells at Willie -- Willie hollers terrified by manages to feed the ammo belt as Short Round sights the blazing machine gun -- suddenly he shoops!
Willie is hallering, Short Round hangs on wide-eyed and even Indy looks terrified as the raft crashes down the rapids.
And he sees again the dark steady eyes of the old shaman.
Short Round looks plenty scared as they all stop walking.
Suddenly we're rushing headlong down a dark dirt path seen from the POV of somebody running in terror.
Willie's head comes up over the back of the elephant as she's helped from below -- there is a look of sheer terror on her face.
But as he watches the repulsive reptile, he starts to sweat and his fear and loathing overpower him -- Indy groans and bolsters his courage -- he takes two steps into the water -- but the complex is to strong and he can't go any further.
Their Mayapore guide walks toward the camera and suddenly looks frightened.
Indiana jumps down an joins the fearful guide.
Indiana moves closer to the statue as the terrified guide backs away.
Indiana grimaces as he lifts a necklace of real pierced human fingers...  Indiana goes back and joins the scared, jabbering guide who is helping Willie down from the elephant.
He walks back to Willie, suddenly picks her us in his arms and starts carrying her the remaining way.
With a flash of a knife, a servant slits the huge snake and exposes a mass of squirming, live baby eels inside...
Short Round avoids the dinner by feeding it to his little monkey as he listens to the scary conversation.
Short Round's monkey suddenly screeches and takes off.
Willie closed here eyes in dread - but curiosity gets the best of her and she looks -- it's worse than she could imagine: Plates full of small, dead monkey heads!
Indiana sees Chattar Lal bow to the dark figure -- and Indy catches a glimpse of the stranger's pale face and dark hollow eyes.
The incensed Ma- rahajah suddenly flashes the whip as Short Round.
As they draw near each other, Short Round sees something weird: The little Maharajah's eyes begin glowing yelloe and he hisses softly in a strange voice.
Suddenly we see something frightening behind him:  one of the wall paintings sees to come to life!
He sees the assassin pulling a knife.
Immo- bilized by fear, Willie watches in silent agony as the hideous insect climbs slowly up her breast and slithers toward her neck.
Willie speaks with desperate, fearful precision -- Willie is petrified and shaking.
He and Short Round watch the insect skid across the floor -- and suddenly disappear as if by magic!
Indy pokes his head back into the room -- He disappears behind the wall and Willie looks worried.
They creep slowly down the dark tunnel.
Short Round spots a loose brick and moves it -- Suddenly they hear a rumble and Indy turns to see the opposite wall moving -- the spikes start appearing!
Indy turns toward the door and shouts -- Willie listens and looks scared -- Willie is frightened, confused and jumping around -- The deadly spikes inch slowly toward them from the wall and ceil- ing.
They start pounding on the door and shout -- Willie finds the courage to finally whimper and step into the dark passage -- Willie starts down the dark tunnel toward the chamber.
Suddenly the door springs open!
Willie pulls her hand out and stares in horror -- her hand and arm are covered with greenish slimey mung!
The spikes suddenly retract, disappearing into the wall and clos- ing.
Short Round looks scared.
The he hears other noises echoing and turns slowly.
Short Round looks worried.
Panicking, Shorty tries to run after Willie -- but he's tripped.
Meanwhile, a mam- moth hand clutches Short Round's throat -- the giant guard lifts Shorty completely off the ground and the kid looks terrified and helpless as he dangles in the air...  Indiana enters the dark chamber behind the altar.
There's a noise and they see two guards and a priest outside the cell.
Indy's eyes look horrified as the blood flows from the skull down his choking throat -- some of the blood spills and falls to the floor -- We see the very earth trembling as the evil spreads -- a fissure appears beneath Indy's feet and a small line of crimson lava oozes out and smiles evilly across the floor...  Diaphanous curtains billow silently into the moonlighted room.
Suddenly the brids shriek and flap away -- Willie stumbles through the secret door and falls into the room.
She manages to stagger to her feet and she heads for the door.
Willie points to the dark opening in the wall.
He puts his arms around her and feels her trembling from fear and anger.
He walks her to the bed and helps her sit down -- The awful events have taken their toll and Willie covers her face and cries like a scared kid.
The whine of the bagpipes is eerily muted in the dark room.
Indiana stops pacing and Willie freezes in terror.
A sea of frightening faces once again intones the horrible sacri- ficial chant.
The wailing wind howls out of the high tunnel and the terrifying chanting reaches a fever pitch.
The fat guard passes -- Short Round and the other kids pull a large rock which suddenly comes loose out of the wall -- !
The moaning guard looks at Shorty thankfully and then looks around as if waking from a nightmare -- Other guards appear and lift the guard -- suddenly he starts struggling against the guards not wanting to return to the night- mare of Kali -- But the other guards push and beat the children back to work.
Chattar Lal watches Indiana staring hypnotically at the High Priest as he speaks -- Suddenly htere is a heart-rending scream of terror and the priests draf forward the next sacrificial victim -- Indiana's glowing eyes watch emotionlessly as Willie is brought out.
The kids are astonished as Short Round suddenly grunts and kicks the ladder away from the wall!
Short Round dashes across the dark chamber behind the altar.
Short Round suddenly darts out onto the altar and Mola Ram sees him and yells.
Meanwhile Short Round is crawling backwards across the floor with a look of terror on his face -- Indiana stalks him, hissing, snarling, his eyes lgowing -- Short Round springs to his feet and tries to run -- Indy grabs him and pulls him -- Shorty's hand grabs for another wall torch and just manages to yank it free!
Indiana spins Short Round and clutches his throat.
Shorty looks down at the lava and is terrified.
But it's the sight of the approaching guard that worries Indy -- They duck into one of the tunnels.
A guard is tripped and attacked by a horde of ex-slaves...
Willie and Short Round start to go out onto the plank but Indy shouts at them -- He runs over and pulls them aside -- he steps out onto the plank and takes a few steps to test it -- suddenly the plank bursts into flame in the middle.
The cars gain momentum and roll away down two dark tun- nels.
Indy reaches the end of the catwalk -- Suddenly he dives into the air and catches hold of a block and tacke!
Willie hangs on as the car tears down the track toward the tunnel on the right -- and Short Round looks worried -- But it's too late and they all hold on as the mine car shoots donw into the darkness of the echoing tunnel.
Willie ducks low, watching the heavy beams flashing danger- ously close above their heads.
Then Willie's eyes go wide and she groans in terror like a girl on a roller coaster as the mine car suddenly plunges downward, taking their stomachs with it.
Short Round looks scared as Indy released the brake and the car hurtles toward a curve.
In the car behind, the Thugge guard at the brake also shoves the brake off -- and looks extremely worried.
The gunmen in the car behind spit it and yell in panic -- Indy and Willie watch the car behind crash into the railroad tie -- but the tie just skids, catches and bounces up and out of the way like a huge tumbling matchstick!
Suddenly a half-million gallons of water explode across the cav- cern and surge in a tidal wave toward the tunnels!
Looking back, they see the gunmen pop up between the beams -- and they see the looks of terror on the gunmen's faces as they see the boulder in front of them!
Willie looks terrified but helps Short Round grab onto Indy's arm and the back of his jacket.
Behind them a dark tunnel runs back into the mines.
He hears shouting ahead and looks worried then temple guards appear at the far end of the bridge.
Mola Ram motions again the his guards (looking more nervous now.)
Petrified, Willie also secretly wraps her foot around a rope and does likewise with her arm -- Indiana swings the sword with all his might -- it whooshes through the air and slashes clear through the top and bottom ropes --! Immediately Mola Ram's guards start to flee in panic -- too late!
Mola Ram's hand thrusts out toward Indiana's chest and Indy yells in pain -- Indy looks down and writhes terrified as he sees Mola Ram's hand starting to enter his chest (as it entered the victim's chest during the temple sacrifice.)!
Behind the low dunes are the dark shapes of large expensive houses.
A pressure wave lifts her up, then eases her down again, like a smooth, sudden swell.
Revealing Larry Vaughn, the Mayor of Amity, exchanging anxieties with Ben Meadows and Coroner Santos and two other city Selectmen.
The boys are surrounded with a deep pink slick, their little bodies ringed by a spreading stain of blood.
The sight of the red sends the beach into a full panic.
Her voice rising into panic and hysteria with each unanswered cry.
He is a large, rough man, a professional fisherman marked by daily physical toil, About 45 or 50, it's hard to tell where the scars leave off and the wrinkles begin.
The riffling begins again, stops on a grizzly photograph of scar tissue on six former shark victims.
Brody gets up, concerned, and joins her at the window.
Charlie, inhaling terror, trying to slog to shore.
This time it's the overloaded boat with the poor scallop fishermen.
But it is not dead -- it kicks back to life and threatens to capsize the boat.
Pratt panics and fires six times with his .45.
Dark, spooky shed, with shadows of boats and strange silhouettes of boat parts and scaffolding.
We see Brody, looking sick and nervous, holding on anxiously as the "Fascinatin' Rhythm" moves slowly ahead trolling at night.
Hooper looks up...  Ben Gardner's dead face stares out through the hole in the Flicka, eyes and mouth gaping in frozen horror, his skin pinched like a prune.
He almost doesn't hear the approaching roar of a small helicopter until it settles down behind him, and a Flying Officer gets out, starched, pressed fatigues, a flawless fatigue baseball cap, and slick dark aviator's sunglasses.
For them it's a wrap Suddenly his Walkie-Talkie fizzes, and the Copter Spotter's voice overloads the speaker.
The loudhailers sounding more urgent now, and a contagious dread seizes one person after another.
One myopic little girl has her glasses bumped off and she begins to cry in blinded panic.
This is a confirmation of our worst dread -- a full-blown headlong water panic.
Horrified faces.
A numbing cold sets in, and people shiver against each other.
He throttles back suddenly, subsiding into his own wake, his eyes still restlessly searching.
Two children digging in the sand and unaware of the beach panic one hundred yards away look up, and the little girl points.
He catches Hooper's boat out of the corner of his eye.
Stunned.
A sudden turn.
Blood leavings.
Brody and Hooper are approaching Quint's house.
As Quint is working with the gun, the radio suddenly squawks into life.
He hauls up his pants leg, revealing a wicked white scar.
He starts lowering his pants to reveal a place on one hip where the tissue is scarred and irregular.
looking up in horror, covering his face.
Crash!
Brody's adrenaline turns his fear into rage.
Suddenly the barrel gongs into the side of the Orca.
Suddenly, both heads stop turning.
The vinyl flesh is pocked with bullet holes, iron scars, gaffing hooks and strange open wounds that tinge the passing currents with pink.
Hooper, expecting the shark to attack out of that same general direction, braces himself, pole extended through the bars, breathing faster, straining his eyes into the gloom and...  we see that the shark attacking from behind him.
Again it slips from his frightened grasp and this time disappears into a narrow abyss.
Brody is horrified.
Quint's roar of rage and pain is choked off as his body is clamped between the grinding, sawing teeth, and his head and legs suddenly contort as the shark's teeth meet across his torso.
He fires.
And fires.
With a muffled boom, the perfect symmetry of the shark is suddenly blown apart in a geyser of steel and blood as Brody's shot hits the pressurized tank.
Scared.
Afraid.
She frowns and turns - and her eyes go big with fear.
He takes a walkie-talkie and starts for the house.
Beat.
Beat.
Willy takes him in - wary, seeing an edge of anger and fear beneath the tough controlled cop manner.
Beat.
Nunally suddenly launches himself over the witness box rail to attack Crawford - as the Deputies leap forward to stop him - all of them flailing and cursing in a tangle - - spectators screaming, fleeing, gawking.
Willy flips on the lights as he comes in, shaken.
Scared.
He falters, haunted by the echo.
The Deputy goes to shake the boxes, eyes on Willy: okay?
Worried.
It's getting dark out.
He slows.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Shaken: Painful silence.
The crime scene is creepy, lit like that.
Beat.
Beat.
A little worried, Willy takes a deep breath.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Nunally's eyes burn into him.
Shocked.
Beat.
Beat.
He suddenly stops - clinging to the railing, bent over.
Presses himself against.
Scared out of his mind.
Beat.
Beat.
Shocked.
With growing horror.
Willy stares at Crawford, scared.
Scared.
Willy watches, wide-eyed, as the Med Tech grabs up his paperwork, searching it - The Med Tech looks up at Willy, scared.
The Med Tech looks at Willy, paralyzed.
Fear.
She fights it.
He has backed himself into a corner, and he's getting scared.
Because all of a sudden the threat he came to fake Crawford out with - - is starting to seem like his only way out.
Stunned.
Beat.
Savoring Crawford's growing fear.
Crawford is staring at Willy, frozen - panic and hatred and fear curdling in his eyes - - as behind him, the police begin pounding on the front door.. FULL SCREEN PHOTOGRAPH Grainy but unmistakably a man and woman making love.
More moans.
Suddenly there are some whoops and hollers from the rear of the chambers and a redfaced FARMER drives in several scrawny, bleating sheep.
Bailiffs and sergeants-at-arms respond to the imprecations of the Council and attempt to capture the sheep and the farmers, having to restrain one who looks like he's going to bodily attack Mulwray.
After a moment, Mulwray's car pulls INTO VIEW on a flood control road about fifteen feet above the riverbed.
Sitting, suddenly starts.
He stop her.
He suddenly grabs the phone, begins dialing.
He hangs up.
An anxious Secretary is right behind him.
As he begins to move the body into the refrigerator, he breaks into a wrenching spasm of coughing.
Suddenly there is a GUNSHOT.
The smaller man thrusts a switchblade knife about an inch and a half up Gittes' left nostril.
Frozen, the knife in his nostril, the street lamp overhead gleaming on the silvery blade.
Gittes is now groveling on his hands and knees.
She hangs up.
Gittes suddenly turns sharply in to Evelyn.
He has trouble catching his breath.
One of them is shorter, and has the nervous, jerky moves of the man who slit his nose.
She hangs up.
Then he steps over her body and moves across the hall to a door that is slightly ajar.
gets up, shakes her.
She stops suddenly.
He bites Mulvihill's hand and furiously pounds it into the sidewalk, shaking gun loose.
Suddenly he breaths in.
He looks nervous, occasionally glancing at Julian's reflection through the huge mirror that hangs on the far wall.
Julian watches, concerned.
Beat.
Beat.
Watchful.
Fear.
Dead.
Beat.
ANGLE ON: Daeng who's starting to look scared.
A police car drives through the city streets and onto the freeway heading out of town.
As the police car turns onto a more major road, Choi Yan Lee starts to get nervous.
Beat.
The bright white headlights of the stationary police car blind Choi Yan Lee who's caught in their glare, rigid with fear.
Beat.
It's like he's scared.
The Porter is terrified, stunned.
But there is blood smeared all over his face...  Julian stares at him in horror.
Julian wakes from his nightmare - covered in sweat.
Looks at his hands, still very shaken by his nightmare...
Beat.
As Choi Yan Lee enters his home and his daughters make a fuss of him, the shutters of the kiosk counter are suddenly SLAMMED They all turn round in panic, but before they can do anything about it, the last of the three daughters is pushed into the kiosk, followed by Ko Sam, Charlie Ling, Gordon and Julian.
Beat.
A beat.
Kills it.
A beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Suddenly brightens.
Beat.
Phaiban's been hit and his white shirt has turned dark red with blood.
Daeng trying to stem the flow of blood from his chest.
As soon as he sees Gunman Three, panic-stricken, running in fear, he puts the van in gear, revs the engine and starts to pull away.
Gunman Three comes out with his hands up, falling to his knees.
Gunman Three is so scared that he keeps forgetting the route and fretting about which way to turn at every junction in the warren-like market.
Li Po nods - scared.
Beat.
Looks at Pan who's staring at Chang in fear.
A beat.
It's as if Dimitri and Chang are locked into some kind of surreal performance...  Dimitri's body starts to shake in fear.
A beat.
Dimitri's terrified.
Suddenly he's grabbed from behind by Phaiban.
Beat.
Julian moves in to attack first.
Chang bends his right leg, dodging the attack.
Julian moves in to attack again, raising both elbows to make an attack on Chang's head.
Chang doesn't take the opportunity to attack.
Chang moves back to dodge the attack and swivels to try and strike with a counter attack.
The right footed attack was a feint.
Again Chang manages to dodge the attack and returns with a right foot to the back of Julian's left knee.
His guard's down.
Chang is reluctant to attack.
Suddenly nervous.
He gets a massive blow to his head.
Nadee and Kanita watch on, fearful.
Back on his feet, Chang suddenly drops his guard.
Beat.
Beat.
Julian stares at his mother; fragile, terrified, alone.
A sudden wave of fear washes over him.
He answers...  Nadee is in the kitchen putting away the groceries as she is speaking with Chang... Chang begins to panic.
But Kanita stands still - fear in her eyes.
Blood spatters onto the wall, bits of brain and skull everywhere as her body falls to the ground...  Chang stops in his tracks.
Beat.
Chang.
Then suddenly it comes to him.
Beat.
He winces.
Mai looks scared...  Julian more accepting of his fate...
Beat.
He gets up and returns to Mai - stares at her....  Mai just stares at him - too frightened to move.
Hips bump and collide.
Quincy easily dribbles by Kelvin and lays up the ball.
Monica bounces the ball through his open legs and lays up the ball.
Quincy stares down at her, his eyes wide with fear... and regret.
Seeing her latest battle scar, there's only one thing left for this little girl to do.
She quickly hugs his face into her stomach.
Her hair is a mess and her knees are dark with bruises.
A small scar is visible on her cheek.
Monica points to the scar on her cheek.
A beat.
He lays out on the floor and closes his eyes.
They crack up.
Monica suddenly reaches in and knocks the ball loose.
His arm lays casually across the back of her chair.
Monica, nervous at first, a little awkward, but Jason gently guides her in a slow circle and she starts to relax.
Shawnee snuggles into Quincy's chest, runs her hands down his neck.
Her mom is asleep in a chair, trying to wait up.
Monica stares at it in her hands...  Light suddenly cuts through the darkness.
Beat.
They pull away, then break into nervous laughter.
Suddenly, Monica pulls away, sits up.
She looks scared to death.
His hands shake as he puts it on.
Like her, a lot of cockiness, a lot of fear.
It's cold, it's dark.
He suddenly pulls her down onto the nearby lawn, and cradles her.
She reacts.
Shayla's warning slowly sinks in.
He drives down court on a fast break.
As she hits center court, a smile suddenly breaks through her game face.
She drives down court, goes up for a lay up.
She pulls open the blinds and light floods the room.
He stumbles.
Suddenly, she stops.
Her room is dark.
A long scar runs across his knee cap.
Monica is too hurt, too scared to tell him the truth.
Quincy suddenly lets go of his fear, leaps and swats her shot.
Their bodies collide as they wrestle for the ball.
The dust is slightly blowing across it, moved by the persistent summery little breeze.
The bartender is back at work.
Now the racket of the saloon street is just a ghost of noise, the road dark and silent.
Haven comes up and waits in silence, glancing at the dark interior.
Haven watches her.
Haven stops.
Haven's eyes meet those of Prince suddenly turned to him, cold as glass.
The impact spills Mick on his face; before he can recover, Haven dives on him, hands flat on his own chest and palms turned out.
Suddenly he bends his knees and lifts his feet up from off the ground.
Gathering himself, Haven hurls his body shoulder first at Mick's chest but he miscalculates, glances off and falls flat on his face.
He is sound asleep the next second.
Orville strums the strings as Haven drinks, having a little trouble with his sore hands.
Haven goes to the door, gently touching his sore jaw.
Hearing the noise of Haven's horse, he turns and sees his pursuer, takes a quick shot back at him, then heads for the other side of the meadow where there will be shelter, firing back as he rides.
Blowing on his still sore knuckles, he drives toward the sawmill.
Ben is still worried and stares after the departing wagon.
There is a little nervous sweat on Mark's hands; he wipes them on his coat.
Suddenly, down the street, the sheriff appears, approaching Haven slowly and ominously.
Charlie suddenly leaves the tables and goes quickly up the stairs.
Mark stands there, mouth open; fear draining the blood from his face.
Mark is picking them up one at a time when suddenly he pauses, stands erect, and looks at them with fear and suspicion.
He is in such a hurry that he falls down, crawls a little, gets up, runs.
Haven suddenly drops to his knees.
He goes back to work, pulls back a big canvas tarpaulin one of the men had approached, and there before him is revealed the army uniforms, stacked in neat piles.
He shakes hands with Iles for second, then Iles goes out abruptly.
As they watch.
ANGLE ON Prince as he moves slightly from the shadow as Haven goes to the stairs.
Craftsman house.
She watches him.
She's worried she's indulging his paranoia.
She watches him, worried.
Milo moves quickly to the wall, reads a chart with the Guards' Schedule, runs his finger down it til he finds the name of the Guard on the 3 AM shift: DELBERT, KEN.
Milo reads a warning message.
One guy has fallen asleep, his head on a desk.
Suddenly he sits forward, whispers almost fervently as he types: Camera moves slowly through stacks of pre-school supplies, toward a windowed door at the back of the room.
MILO: stares in horror as the data tower his toes are jammed on top of starts to shift -- threatening to disengage from its ports.
He looks over his shoulder, then back again, frightened.
She shakes her head: no.
He moves to her, carefully, slowly, seeing her fear, her trauma.
Still, she's scared.
She's scared, but tries to hide it.
He already looks nervous.
Watching him.
Is this a confession?
He's afraid, now.
She looks at him, worried, then takes a disk out of her backpack.
She watches him go, worried.
He smiles to hide his terror.
Is she killing him now?
When she turns away, we see the fear on his face.
The moment she looks away, he turns over his arm to get a look, face full of fear.
Fear seizes Milo.
She's scared.
But Gunther's concerned by Milo's behavior: As Milo watches the screens, a pixilated, ghostly image begins to appear on all of them: the animated Skywire logo (lightning strike, etc.).
He is  moving even faster now, glancing back as if he fears pursuit.
He looks up, sees the SANDMAN and his face breaks in  terror.
People are YELLING, shaking their fists, terribly excited and fearful.
Fires.
Suddenly the lights begin to dim and dim...  SOUND: A kind of collective sigh, breathing in unison... Suddenly visible, the LASTDAY GROUP.
Tense, beginning nervous APPLAUSE here and there.
F. The man is in a panic as he continues up the ramp... to various levels and areas.
He stares at it, fascinated, fearful.
As they move, fearful--torn between her promise and her feeling for Logan.
Suddenly she stops.
As Logan whirls: Suddenly, from everywhere out of the shadows, a pack of snarling Cubs materializes--moving with blinding speed.
Logan homes in on an abandoned building, enters, crosses swiftly to a door inside and kicks it down.
At one end -- where the halves of the Mark III join, is n console of switches and dials -- lights nod servo-recorders which control the operation from the first injection of cold to the final healing vacuum drafts and scar burnishing.
CryoJector needles start to close in on them, nearing their faces and shoulders slowly... the visible cold streaming off the points.
Again the blood disappears.
Suddenly Doc's look is ferocious.
The Table holds him, biting into his right leg below the knee.
In terror as the laser beams begin to slash him to ribbons.
Suddenly the machine behind them erupts into a great burst of smoke and noise, momentarily drawing Francis' attention.
Suddenly she pulls him in another direction.
INTERCUT SHOTS of the suddenly-illuminated tableaus.
Hunting both.
Suddenly they are in darkness.
Close together, he behind, waiting--alert as a VOICE is suddenly heard: Logan nods.
Suddenly a RINGING ALARM.
She reacts with fear at the sight.
Panic.
Turmoil.
Suddenly aware that he has killed a Sandman.
Jessica's fear until he emerges, hand over slimy hand.
Jessica nods, frightened.
They turn and run as they HEAR: is splashing the walls ahead and in it they suddenly see: THE DOOR -- a waterlock with a wheel.
Horrified as they move slowly along the wall.
A strange mute audience to this to-the-death drama.
As it falls, the cave is suddenly illuminated again.
They are blinded by: As Logan and Jessica shield their eyes... then realizing that the dazzling light will not go away: Standing together...in fear of the sunrise.
A swarm of insects attack... Logan and Jessica fight them off: The sun is starting to go down...as they see a rabbit dart away in the grass... startling them for a moment.
Jessica is shivering.
Looking frightened as he looks up at the moon and the stars his gun drawn.
Suddenly, a rabbit darts by.
Francis jumps up in great fear and starts FIRING his gun... blasting the rabbit to smithereens.
He is breathing hard (fear.)... and looking around...gun in hand.
His face still betrays a wild, frightened look as he moves very cautiously.
Logan wheels... as he HEARS THE NOISE OF A DOOR SQUEAKING SLIGHTLY...as it opens a bit wider: Coming through the opening - did he push it?
Jessica is terrified... speechless.
Logan looks up... and we see Francis crouched behind the railing of the first row of the gallery...with his gun pointing down at Logan, holding the terrified Jessica with his other arm.
Francis is suddenly radiant.
And he is dead.
Now the noise and the light from the SCREEN are peaking... and we can see the increasing fear of the Sandmen.
The sound of the explosion creates panic.
People are panicking, running in different directions.
People flee the scene of destruction.
The panic is-full, people getting the hell out of there.
E. Love Shop -- pandemonium as the drugged bodies clamber over each other in fear, struggling to get away.
F. Great Hall emptying -- the signs of panic everywhere.
A wind begins to blow... where air had never stirred anything.
A door suddenly opens, startling her.
Vivian surveys the dark street.
And suddenly sees who's she's looking for.
She stops.
Vivian suddenly freezes.
As Vivian steps into the room she has the sensation of falling off the top of the building.
Edward suddenly pulls her violently to him, he rolls her over...
Vivian is fast asleep.
The phone on the marbled bathroom wall suddenly rings.
Vivian enters the lobby, upset, nervous and paranoid.
Vivian bites her fingernails, looking nervous.
She stops.
Feeling a sudden panic, Vivian puts her fork down.
Vivian suddenly ZINGS her snail across the table.
He stops her.
Vivian is asleep.
Vivian comes awake with a sudden start.
Suddenly Vivian stops.
And stops.
She suddenly stops.
They approach the sweating mount.
Vivian is suddenly silent.
She hangs up.
It makes her nervous.
Her hands again rises nervously to her necklace.
Vivian is still asleep.
The doorbell suddenly rings in the living room.
Surprise suddenly flares in Stuckey's eyes.
He fires it down.
And suddenly a HAND lands on Stuckey's shoulder.
And collapses.
She suddenly looks more than a little bit frightened to be leaving.
Vivian suddenly comes back in.
She stops.
Faint.
Stops.
But the fear infects them.
DeLancey is terrified.
It quivers in fear.
FIRING.
One-armed colonel Come with me.
One-armed colonel Come with me.
As the black car approaches, her breath comes hard.
The car pulls up to the house.
One-armed colonel No, sir.
BIG GUNS THUNDER in the distance.
Reiben's worried.
Chaos.
Under fire.
Upham's words are frozen in his throat by the warning glances of Miller's men.
It's a nightmare vision.
Upham, scared shitless, doesn't move.
Upham nods, still terrified.
Captain Hamill Goddamn it, I was afraid of that.
Then he shakes it off and motions to his men.
Suddenly: Then REPEATED FLASHES OF LIGHT.
Upham's face shows more fear than awe.
He turns to Upham and sees that he's really scared.
Captain Hamill and his beleaguered men, watch them go with dread and a strange bit of hope.
The night is dark.
Heavily armed.
Upham is wide-eyed with fear.
He looks at his hand and forces it to stop shaking again.
Suddenly Miller stops dead.
Heavily armed.
Just then they hear an OMINOUS RUMBLE, deeper and more threatening that that of the convoy.
Each one, an infantryman's nightmare.
Miller grabs Ryan by the lapels and shakes him.
Miller sighs, worried.
He FIRES.
Slowing.
Bleeding.
Dies.
FIRING.
Now they hear it, too.
Watch.
Strong features, but fear behind the eyes.
The fear that comes from a lack of inner confidence.
The Burned Monk trundles off, injured arm against his chest.
Goes UP -- The mechanics of the bell tower -- all ropes and wooden cogs cast scary shadows.
Dead.
BLOOD flows.
Part of him wants to get the hell out here -- but he fights back his fear.
Warning lights.
He steps further into the ship, his fear now replaced by fascination, follows the lights....  LED numbers race -- 7,291.01.05... 06...07 A legand identifies "Elapsed since separation."
The WARNING TONE of the Woman's message rekindles John's fear.
Sinks to his knees, reverent.
Fascination has replaced fear again.
He presses it.
A look of fear.
The Hysterical Monk, fear overcome with ANGER at the loss of his beloved Sandy,  steps in front of the near catatonic Medic and instinctively THRUSTS his pitchfork into the creature -- The sharp prongs PIERCE its still forming body -- The CREATURE WAILS a high pitched SHRIEK - half alien, half sheep as it is roughly TORN from it's nesting place -- The Monk lifts -- It TWISTS at the end of the fork, acid blood dripping onto the wood floor -- each drop bursting into a little pool of FIRE.
Wooden walls collapse inward as the building becomes a pyre.
Fear.
A beat.
Sees the BLOOD.
Death is with her again.
Clutches the book to his chest, gently pets his sleeping dog and goes...  John strides down the corridor purposefully but stops and flattens himself against the wall when the door to the Abbot's office opens suddenly -- BROTHER GRAHAM, The Hysterical Monk, is forcibly led from the room by two burly Monks, taken down the corridor in the other direction.
A beat.
Darkness.
She stops.
Fear is in all of their faces though most have only heard the stories.
DYING.
One Frightened Monk runs through another with his pitchfork.
As his feet hit the wooden floor he feels a shadow fall over him.
They climb...  Dark.
SUDDENLY he is ATTACKED by a horde of Medieval demons.
Anthony's eyes open wide at the sight of this new horror -- A terrible, wet, black cable-armed CREATURE that's latched itself onto his cassock -- Long, shiny head.
Anthony's staff across his throat.
A beat.
Yellow warning lights PULSE.
A noise to her left.
She begins to panic -- Senses the Alien's presence.
Her doll's head lays in a pool of blood.
She SCREAMS.
His ankle is a swollen mess.
He shakes.
Disappears.
The Abbot's blood drips off his hands.
Runs her hand across her chest...  Ripley looks up.
A shadow falls across his face.
John flexes his scarred fingers.
Ripley's face grows strangely dark.
She rubs her chest -- Suddenly they feel rain -- Ripley holds out her hand.
The Alien.
Sweat runs into their eyes.
John SHAKES him.
Strangles him.
Growls.
SCREAMING.
They are battered.
Bloody.
An INFERNO.
Ripley watches as John and the alien horror inside him are The heat of the flames grows.
It swells.
Suddenly CLAUDETTE looks up into the CAMERA with terror.
The knife falls to the mossy floor of the clearing.
She stands at the edge of the clearing, her hands pressed on her temples, her throat filled with a scream of terror.
ANNIE is beginning to get worried about the time.
From the DRIVER's POV we see ANNIE run, looking back in fear.
An axe flashes through the FRAME and hacks apart the halves of a huge tree stump.
His upper body is strong, but his legs are slightly deformed.
Suddenly a hand comes into FRAME and touches JACK on the shoulder as he is preoccupied with his task.
In CU her frightened face looks at the sun-drenched dusty pane.
A shadow passes across her face, and she awakes with a start.
The snake strikes the bracelet, hangs on as ALICE tries to shake it free.
The snake falls to the floor and recoils for another attack.
We can look in over BILL's shoulder and see a smoke-scarred switch and a now-silent generator.
The light is gone and we are alone in the dark.
Suddenly NED's face goes red.
In a flash of lightning we realize he is dead:  his throat has been slashed.
We can only see her from the chest up.
Again she hears a noise.
BILL enters, shakes the rain off his poncho and stamps his feet.
The wind blows, making the knife tap against the building.
BRENDA comes in shaking off her slicker, carrying the knife.
BRENDA crosses to the table, puts down her knife and strikes a match.
REACTION SHOT:  Fear spreads across her face.
Finally the silence is broken by a terrified scream.
The distant glimmer suddenly goes dark.
He goes to her and cradles her face in his hands.
ALICE sits up into the CAMERA, startled and afraid.
ALICE finally gives voice to her terror--again and again.
ALICE's face registers the new terror.
ALICE starts to become increasingly anxious.
She can't see the knife rise behind her.
ALICE, in panic, looks for an escape.
A slice of lightning reveals it to be the dead body of STEVE CHRISTY hanging from the tree.
REACTION SHOT:  ALICE in terror.
ANOTHER ANGLE:  ALICE runs and suddenly bumps into another pair of legs which swing from the same big tree.
ALICE looks across the room to the light switch, afraid to reveal her hiding place.
VOORHEES is having trouble catching her own breath.
Her machete is coming up in an attack.
ALICE sobs with fear.
VOORHEES on the arm/shoulder, knocking the killer off balance and into the wall.
Suddenly MRS.
Of a 7-Eleven parking lot, at night, deserted except for Hi's car which sits untended, its engine rumbling.
It starts down the long, winding road leading away from the trailer, kicking up dust.
He is straightening up, a baby in each arm, when he reacts in horror to something he sees across the room.
Suddenly Hi slaps his knee.
Faraway lightning flickers and we hear the rumble of more thunder approaching, then suddenly: THWACK - A head pops up out of the mud.
His head is covered with mud, although the driving rain is already starting to wash it away.
Hi sits asleep on the sofa at the far end of the room, in a pool of lamp light.
As we approach Hi we see that several Polaroids are spread over his gently rising and falling chest.
We are approaching the crest of a rise.
The bathroom is quiet except for the dripping sink, and the faint rumble of an approaching motorcycle.
Suddenly we hear the screech of the bike's brakes.
He is looking up from a dirty magazine, reacting in horror to something approaching.
Suddenly, with a soft pthunk! the Huggies box pops forward, out from under Hi's arm - hit by a bullet.
The police car is proceeding on down the street to catch him around the corner, the driver still drawling over his loudspeaker: Hi vaults a fence to land in the backyard.
The dog's racing POV as it bounds toward the paralyzed Hi.
The police car approaches and roars by, the Passenger Cop still hanging out his window.
Running up a dark street.
As the police car roars down the street, Ed's car appears from between two houses behind it, bounces down the front yard to the street and follows the police.
Outdoors now, running, crossing the street behind the house and entering the parking lot of a supermarket on the other side.
He fires.
BANG!
The car is approaching.
From behind the Biker's head as he rides through the night.
Creeping in on Hi 's hunched back, as he sits over the kitchen table writing the letter.
Creeping in on the pimply-faced Cashier, sitting asleep behind the counter, a dirty magazine lying face-down, open on his chest.
We are slowly panning over to the newspaper rack, revealing tomorrow's headline: "WHERE IS NATHAN JR.?" Creeping in on Nathan Jr. in the living room, asleep in his ottoman armchair, lit only by the snow from the TV set he is facing, a half-full glass of milk on the coffee table next to him.
Creeping in on Ed and Nathan Jr., asleep together in the double bed.
Dragging the kitchen match along the unfinished wood surface of an expensive bureau, leaving an ugly black scar.
There is the shadow of a man approaching the door, and muffled voices.
He has been slumped over the kitchen table, asleep.
Hi is suddenly nervous and urgent: Hi takes one step down holding out a calming hand.
Glen takes two nervous steps away and reassures himself by resting a hand on the door of his station wagon.
He stands up, cropped from the chest down and starts loading bullets into the chamber of Ed's .38 police special.
He bends down to pick it up but suddenly freezes, with a soft grunt of surprise.
After a moment: Hi clears his throat.
Gale and Evelle, both covered in blue, are screaming in rage, fear and incomprehension.
We can hear the wail of the police siren still approaching.
We see the baby sitting in the middle of the street, and Lenny fast approaching from the background.
Dragged several yards before the boot shakes him off, leaving him on his stomach in the middle of the road.
He fires.
Drilled by Hi's bullet, drops its knife.
As the knife stings the gun out of his hand.
As the bike approaches behind her.
Hi, unaware, is turning to face him, presenting the plank as - the knife is thrown.
Hi flops over onto his stomach and starts wriggling under the car.
His hands paw futilely at Lenny's chest.
Pawing at Lenny's chest he must have hooked his finger through its ring.
Reacting.
In his panic his fingers tangle in the trigger guards.
He lays the gun down, tenderly picks up the baby and holds him to his chest.
He catches the ball and starts running.
He hangs up.
One of them suddenly does a graceful little Tai-Chi gesture.
A ribbon of blood snakes from Bobby's body, over the parking lot curb and runs into a storm drain.
There is a BIG STAR-SHAPED SCAR on Danny's shoulder.
A gust of wind rushes across the lake, blowing Liz's hair all around her face.
Garcetti chuckles at Danny's fear Danny sitting cross-legged in front of a gravestone.
Jimmy has dark circles under his eyes.
Jimmy becomes paralyzed by the math.
It is now too dark to see the driver.
THE THIRD SHOOTER is also armed with a pellet gun It's a go.
BACK TO PRESENT: Danny getting nervous.
They shake hands.
Stops.
Stops.
Stops again.
Stops again.
He stops.
Garcetti lays off.
Danny approaching the building, we hear shots ...  ... THE RED CAR from earlier, prowling the streets.
Quincey is fast asleep.
He lays there rigidly.
Danny, panicked, eyes the hole in the pea coat.
Blood leaking from underneath him.
Stops.
BACK ON LIZ - scared to death, clinging to the curtains.
ON DANNY - freaking.
Liz can't possibly see Danny through the hole but it looks like she is staring directly at him, her body rigid with fear.
Stops.
A worried look.
The guy across the table takes the mini-ball in the chest.
Danny SHOOTS TWICE, the bullets blowing through Big Bill's hands and thumping into his chest.
He's in shock.
Suddenly, they hear POOH-BEAR MUMBLING from somewhere in the house.
His eyes go wide with fear and revulsion.
Tanner is ghost white, loosing blood quickly.
A LONG WET WEEZE Suddenly, A NOISE BEHIND DANNY.
Garcetti standing there pointing his gun at Danny, rocking slightly back and forth, a bullet hole in his cheekbone.
Colette freaks.
A gust of WIND blows DEAD LEAVES into a swirling eddy WE TRACK high up into the air.
Freaked out, she GASPS, runs up the trail.
WIND begins to blow.
She HOLLERS IN FEAR, then tries to WHACK HIM with her forked stick.
He crouches, nervous, to scratch the cat behind his ears.
Her face goes as DARK as the rain clouds above.
She shakes out her hair.
Her breathing slows and, with the doll WATCHING HER, she starts to fall asleep.
Anxious, she taps his shoulder to stop him.
The kettle blows from the kitchen.
With an "oh well" shrug, she goes up.
At the top, she knocks on the door, a little anxious.
Tired of her company, the cat jumps off Wybie, onto a tree and up onto the roof of the house.
Wybie, astride his electric bike now, WHISTLES and the black cat jumps down from the roof, onto his shoulders.
Coraline shrugs okay, starts for the door.
Coraline once again wakes in own bed in the real world, the little doll  left on the chair  now clutched against her chest.
A dog HOWLS, alerting the near-blind lady, who turns to the audience and begins the next verse.
She HOLLERS, terrified.
She jumps up and CATCHES the paper creatures, opens the TOY CHEST and tosses them in.
She GRABS them both and drops them in the toy chest.
She HUGS herself to stop shaking, knowing she must fall asleep in this bed to wake up in her real bed at home.
Coraline shivers.
The cat suddenly TENSES, focuses on a shrub.
A huge ARMOIRE BUG suddenly crab-steps in her path, blocking the little door, and all around her things start to glow.
She grows TALLER STILL and SCARIER like a super model on steroids.
The ghosts fall back into their bed and sink down.
Suddenly, HANDS REACH THROUGH THE MIRROR and PULL HER C.U. of Coraline's FACE, eyes wild, as she TEARS at the hands that hold her.
It's dark, the bug furniture asleep.
A COLD WIND blows from the dark passageway, now filled with SPIDER WEBS and the SHOES, COATS, AND HATS of other kids who tried to escape.
Miss Spink is knitting a SWEATER WITH WINGS for a worried- looking ANGUS, one of the Scotties, who sits on her lap.
Coraline sips tea, anxious, the other two DOGS beside her.
Coraline, asleep.
The door at the end of the tunnel clicks open, the candle BLOWS OUT and the cat VANISHES IN THE DARK.
The hands suddenly GRAB HER!
She SCREAMS.
Coraline shivers - she is definitely scared.
OTHER BOBINSKY suddenly CRAWLS by the door behind her.
No cheese-wheel rat, no circus ball ghost eye.
BLOOD trickles from her knee.
She sobs, hugs knees and face to chest.
Cat makes a fearful sound, afraid for the first time in the movie!
The cat makes a fearful sound and digs his claws into her shoulder.
Coraline works hard to not show how freaked out she is.
She opens the little door, revealing the empty, spider- web tunnel.
Coraline just manages to lock the door in the dark when it is POUNDED from the other side, green light coming through cracks!
She puts the ghost eyes under her pillow and gently lays down, the cat lying beside her.
CAMERA stays on living room, where, on the LITTLE DOOR in the corner wall, SHADOWS and LIGHT start to MOVE.
It crouches to attack her!
She stops at the door of her house and starts whistling.
They shake hands.
There is horror on his face.
But he suddenly stands up.
He bends down.
A noise of chairs and various objects falling.
He puts the glass down, and suddenly realizes the situation.
He yells and Gibbs, frightened, stands up and drops the glass on the floor.
Abby climbs the steps and comes near her sister to peek through the drapes The two shadows knock again.
It's full of scars and it makes him look a bit like Boris Karloff in the Frankenstein films.
He stops suddenly in the staircase.
They look frightened.
The two sisters back off, frightened.
He stops a few seconds, then starts crossing the room, only lit by light coming from underneath the kitchen door.
Then we hear noises of something falling, and we guess that Teddy must have missed a step and fallen all the way down to the cellar.
We see the frightened face of Einstein.
He closes the lid and walks across the room toward the kitchen door.
He looks a bit frightened.
Then he comes into the room He goes to the kitchen door, which he opens slightly.
A quick shot of Dr. Gilchrist waiting, frozen and slightly frightened.
He shakes his hand again, then puts his arm around the doctor's shoulders and moves away with him into the churchyard.
The doctor looks back at Mortimer, seeming a little frightened.
Mortimer suddenly realizes what the doctor is talking about.
Mortimer turns slightly on his chair, but without taking his eyes off Einstein, and, of course, without looking at his brother behind him, quietly cutting the curtain cords with a jack-knife.
Close-up on Mortimer's very frightened face.
Close-up on Mortimer's frightened face.
Down in the sitting-room, the fight goes on.
Behind Mortimer, on the wall, we see the shadows of the men fighting.
Mortimer looks at the papers with horror in his face and takes them back.
When Mortimer sees Witherspoon flipping the pages of his booklet, a slightly frightened look comes to his face.
Teddy starts walking away, but he stops suddenly and gives Witherspoon a suspicious look.
Abby joins him Witherspoon looks at the scene with slightly anxious eyes.
A beat.
A beat.
Commodus rides off with most of the Praetorian Guard unit.
A beat.
So too the Scorpions.
The deadly rain of flaming arrows spreads terror through the German camp -- Maximus watches the German camp.
He can see the nightmare destruction of the encampment continuing -- fire pots and Scorpion bolts and flaming arrows -- panic in the German encampment.
He sees the Germans begin fleeing across the plain.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
And he is dead.
An immediate swirl of noise.
Meanwhile, a dark eye is studying the men through a hidden slit in the tent wall.
A beat.
A beat.
Stops.
Stunned.
Quintus and four Praetorian ASSASSINS suddenly burst in -- the assassins move immediately to bind Maximus -- swords at his throat -- Quintus goes to Maximus' armor, which hangs nearby, and slowly removes his seal of office.
They stop.
He stops.
A gloomy day.
He stalks off.
Titus and Gallus, concerned, watch him follow after Commodus.
He pulls himself up and walks past the smoldering debris of his house, fearing what he knows he will find.
Suddenly Maximus groans.
Proximo notes the many old battle scars on Maximus' body.
Proximo looks at Maximus, notes the many battle scars again.
The scars, and something he senses in Maximus' eyes, is enough for Proximo to consider it.
Maximus and Juba are crammed into a wagon with about ten other slaves, including a very scared and reedy SCRIBE.
Heavily armed guards supervise everything.
The many heavily armed guards oversee everything.
A beat.
Blood appears to be flowing across an oxen's back.
Also the frightened Scribe.
In the arena: From the opposite end of the arena a dozen armored, very scary Andabatae thunder into the arena.
A lethal moment.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
The Colosseum is suddenly silent.
The crowd cheers and Maximus immediately turns and starts slashing -- Tiger easily blocks and strikes back -- The sword play is very fast -- they block and parry and hack like lightning -- constantly attacking -- they are perfectly matched -- As he fights Maximus becomes aware of a strange sound over the roar of the crowd -- a low rumbling -- then he feels something -- a vibration in the ground -- Suddenly traps doors swing open and four enormous platforms rise into view.
Lucilla appears from the shadows and puts her hands on Lucius' shoulders.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
She stops.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Suddenly the arena is filled with Praetorians -- they block Maximus' exit from the arena -- the crowd boos -- horrified -- The Praetorians surround Maximus.
A beat.
A beat.
Then he rises and goes to a heavy chest.
She suddenly stops.
Commodus is sitting across the chamber, Lucius at his knee.
Maximus crouches and creeps through the nightmare of hanging carcasses and flies.
A beat.
A thick, tumescent bladder painted to look like a threatening rain cloud.
A beat.
Suddenly -- the huge wooden doors of the arena burst open and Maximus leads the Felix Regiment cavalry thundering into the arena.
And is dead.
Juba races to Lucius and holds the boy, turning his face away from the slaughter -- Maximus, his furious passion redoubled at Proximo's death, attacks Commodus with every ounce of strength in him -- Commodus' eyes begin to flash with something we have never seen before, fear.
A beat.
A beat.
Maximus and Lucius canter across the arena and through the huge doors...  From high above we see Maximus and Lucius riding out of the Colosseum and disappearing into the streets of Rome.
Pigeons by the hundreds suddenly shoot off the roof.
We hear voices under this from everywhere, colliding in confusion and horror: We hear sirens and screeching tires.
His look of horror and shock speaks the same language as on faces all across America that Black Friday.
The police start to move him out.
He has the red puffy cheeks of an alcoholic and deeply circled, worried eyes.
FBI agents race up in cars in the middle of the night, swarming over the camp, rounding up the trainees.
We see FBI agents loading dynamite, bomb casings, arms 155mm artillery shells, etc.
Lawyers and police clutter the cell, making Ruby hyper-nervous.
Andrews stands suddenly.
Oswald drags behind two Cubans - one is "the Bull", heavyset with a scar over his left eye, who we saw at the Canal Street incident, and the other, "the Indian", is quiet and cold.
The men ring the doorbell and talk to a concerned Silvia as Oswald hangs back, watching, in the shadows.
He's a nervous wreck, watching the reporters and TV cameras surrounding his place, waiting for him.
The atmosphere is cordial, but Y is slightly different from before - more harried, more nervous.
The voice dropping away as the devastated look on Shaw's face spreads, sickly, undone, his arrogant public composure gone, face now filled with terror, disbelief.
Liz freaks out.
The kids move away, fearful.
There's a strange feeling in the house.
Suddenly shots ring out from the television and there's pandemonium.
The jury is shaken.
The judge is shaken.
The faces in the courtroom are with him, absorbed, horrified.
Scared, Oswald takes a swing at a policeman.
He moves towards the outer edge of reporters, nervous.
Shadows pervade the room.
Next to the freight entrance of the Book Depository, Y, in a dark suit, is nonchalantly walking past the hoboes, his back to us.
She studies Sam Lombardo with a dark, sullen stare.
He's dressed in a dark suit, dark hair combed straight back above steel-rimmed glasses.
Suzie Toller suddenly gets to her feet.
A HUGE POWER BOAT glides past.
The house is dark.
Kelly has a shotgun laid across her knees.
Kelly shakes her head, no.
Suddenly a hand reaches through the broken driver's window, helping him.
There is a moment of silence in the room.
Her hair is piled on top of her head -- too dark to be anything but a dye job.
Re's clean-shaven, recovered from the car wreck and beating.
The dark, seductive eyes.
Suzie, nervous, paces the floor, stops, lights a cigarette.
Kelly shakes her head, no. Kelly looks defiantly at the courtroom.
Suzie shoots them a nervous glance, drops her cigarette, bends to pick it up, burns her fingers, drops it again.
The two men shake hands.
Sam, shaken, kneels over the broken crystal.
Arches a sore back.
Suzie looks scared, in a way she hasn't before.
Kelly turns to him -- an anxious face.
SLOSHING SOUNDS -- a shape approaches in the dark -- Sam in waders, muddy, tired, carrying a shovel.
Kelly backs away, frightened.
There's a fresh, raised scar across one shoulder and Ray winces a little as he tucks the towel about his waist.
He looks at himself in the mirror, touching the scar.
Ray stares at Suzie, his face twisted with some combination of pain, rage and fear.
He stops.
Arthur turns to Cobb, worried- Cobb motions silence.
Saito STIRS and we- Cobb LURCHES towards the stairs, as all around him the building BUCKS and HEAVES- Saito and the Guards PANIC.
He looks at Mal, PANICKED.
Arthur looks over at Cobb, worried.
As Mal walks, she pulls out a LARGE KNIFE- Ariadne SCREAMS as Mal LUNGES at her with the knife and we- Ariadne WAKES, BREATHING HARD.
Uneasy.
Watching.
At the window is a doll's house, front slightly ajar.
The seatbelt sign goes dark.
Eames steps into the room, pulls his gun and moves over Saito.
Cobb looks back at the wrecked hotel suite, PANICKING...  Mal CLOSES HER EYES.
Stops at 528.
Saito is falling behind, coughing up blood.
Concerned.
DROWNING.
Eames powers up the defibrillator, puts the paddles on Fischer's chest, then Pow!- he shocks him, and we- LIGHTNING crackles across the sky- Ariadne sees it.
watches him.
Haunted.
Nervous.
Ernest sits on the other side of the auditorium, looking a little worried.
Beat.
Beat.
Frances is acting with a nervous young man, CHET.
She wears a Russian hat.
She cracks up.
Beat.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
Suddenly we HEAR an eruption of applause.
He stops.
He watches her.
Stares at it in horror...  Plain room.
We HEAR the RISING SOUND of an approaching car.
She writhes, knees him in the balls.
She shakes their hands off her arms and enters.
She suddenly sees the phone booths.
She stops.
Stunned.
Horrified.
We SEE her face turn dark.
Beat.
Huge, dark-red brick buildings with barred windows, loom out of the fog and trees.
Suddenly a call starts up at the far end of the hall.
The two Men emerge from the shadows and approach the door.
Her arm is covered with sores.
She stops.
They grow quiet, suddenly shy.
He strides over to his desk, revealing a frightened Mickey, sitting in a chair opposite it.
The camera looks past his back and shoulders to the anxious Mickey.
He wrings his hands and blows on them.
They shake hands.
Elliot enters, wearing a robe, crossing the room in the dark.
The dark bedroom is abruptly lit as Mickey, lying in his bed, wakes up with a start and turns on his night-table lamp.
The wind blows her hair; she hugs the e.e. cummings book to her chest.
The streets are dark.
Frederick furiously shakes Lee away.
Mickey tries to watch the offscreen Bobby Short; he crosses his arms across his chest.
Workmen and various street noises can be heard indistinctly in the background.
He starts to pound it.
She is stunned.
The dark hallway is illuminated by light coming from the offscreen foyer; pictures line the wall.
A close-up of a nervous, perspiring, and panting Mickey alone in his apartment appears on the screen as his voice is heard.
The film is back on Mickey's dark form in the audience.
Ketcham suddenly stops laughing.
When the sun is gone, a red glow at the bottom of a dark- ening sky, we hear the GUN, SILENCED, ONCE, then the BODY FALLING INTO THE MUD.
The room is dark and still.
Suddenly he stops.
His eyes shift as he studies the room.
Bain is sweating, his eyes shifting wildly from one end of the room to the other.
Bain looks out the window at the dark street.
The buildings are dark and some of the street lights are out.
Several cars lock up and collide to avoid Bain; one car stopping inches from him.
Electra panics.
Electra's PAGER suddenly SOUNDS.
He pulls the dark fax of Nikita and stares at it.
It is the only noise in the room until a speaker crackles.
Bain is sitting on a bench entrenched in a fevered game of Suddenly, he stops.
Electra stares in horror at the monitors as Bain grabs the nearest bodyguard, FIRING a SHOT into his belly.
A worried expression tightens her face; the letter is gone.
Electra climbs the stairs, her mind pouring through the possibilities, filled with fear.
On one of the monitors we see a shadow slide across the oak floor as something moves along the edge of the room.
Electra watches, dizzy, sick with terror, but she is unable to turn away.
A warped smile stretches across his face as he whispers -- Electra tears away from the screen, panic seizing hold of her.
They watch each other.
A slight shake of the head, no.
She whirls and starts FIRING the GUN, firing it everywhere, fear and anger rocketing out of her in WHISTLING hot wads of LEAD.
A beat.
The muscles in his neck and shoulders are bulging cords.
Bain is laying on the floor in the dark.
He hears it.
She is nervous.
The room much darker now.
Electra is beginning to panic.
Rath is now afraid.
She FIRES.
Before Bain can target him, Rath is gone; a shadow, a ghost.
But, suddenly, we hear the donkey restlessly stomping its hooves and braying.
Edgar turns, concerned.
The wind?
Frightened birds explode from the eaves.
Then another sound -- the donkey starts screeching in wild panic.
He gently steps onto the truck's running board, then suddenly starts jumping up and down as hard as he can, rocking the truck violently.
Suddenly a car alarm blares from outside.
He's approaching Edgar from below and behind.
He's dead.
Suddenly he is yanked knee-deep into the ground!
Carmine goes back to work, pounding the asphalt with the jackhammer.
The needle responds to each blow on the stake.
The needle stops.
She hustles him bodily toward the car during: Suddenly he drops knee-deep into ground!
But outside the "snake things" attack the car in a frenzy, slashing blindly.
Nothing happens for a moment, then -- The car starts to shake and shudder!
Out of her mind with terror, she keeps softly murmuring the same hopeless phrases: The headlights are two ironic beacons sending their beams skyward through the roiling dust into the night sky.
Behind him Earl steps out of the half-finished house and shrugs.
The cowboys stumble back toward the fence in speechless terror.
Terrified Val and Earl scramble away.
He suddenly shakes his fist at the dead beast.
Suddenly Earl stumbles as one leg drops knee- deep into the ground!
He screams.
Everyone breathes a sigh of relief.
There's terrified Melvin, halfway up a telephone pole, clinging to it desperately.
Where's the creature?
Down the street, a little wall of cinder blocks framing Viola's driveway suddenly topples over.
The truck shakes and shimmies as Val's creature tries to pull it down.
Rhonda is in a dead panic, thrashing helplessly in the barbed wire.
The whole building shakes and shudders, dust powdering down from the ceiling.
Melvin peers terrified out the shed door, up at the guys on Pham Van's roof.
The store shakes and shimmies.
Suddenly Earl perks up.
TILT UP to see out the window some distance away, a couple of old trash cans topple over as the creature streaks past beneath them, making a bee-line for Burt's.
He fires.
They stare dumbfounded at the massive dead horror.
Suddenly: It takes a moment for this to sink in, then the men CHEER -- as Burt and Heather dash out onto the roof, laden with weapons, ammo boxes and their CB radio.
Then the corner of the building suddenly heaves up a couple of feet.
Nestor grabs on in panic as the creatures lift the place up slowly!
They attack the house in earnest, shaking it violently, pushing the front wall out till it falls flat.
Val, Earl and Miguel stare in horror and disbelief.
Then -- CRASH!
From now on the monsters shake and ram the building almost constantly.
Earl positions himself, nervous as hell, ready to leap at the right moment.
The tractor suddenly takes a bad bounce and flips over!
He strains to the limit, breaths coming in painful rasps -- but the creatures are closing in on him with chilling ease.
Everyone watches in horror.
So do the creatures.
Val breathes a big sigh of relief and sprints to the bulldozer.
He's suddenly shocked as he sees: Rhonda's in big trouble.
Val hangs on like a rodeo rider, struggling to keep fear- crazed Melvin from tumbling off.
What is it, more creatures?
The semi trailer shakes and shudders, slowly sinking.
The people huddle together in sheer panic.
Burt lights his bomb.
He hurls the bomb.
It's infectious.
Suddenly a snout subtly surfaces and gulps down the bomb.
They tense with anticipatory glee -- but the creature suddenly their heads.
It strikes the rocks above them, skittering down a crevice and landing in -- BURT'S PILE OF BOMBS!
When the panic is over, Val and Earl realize where they are -- fifty yards out in open desert!
The creatures are distracted by the noise, but it.
Nothing happens -- then -- A HUGE HUMP OF EARTH suddenly wells up near Rhonda.
It sinks back down as fast as it appeared.
But suddenly Val yanks the bomb away.
Lightning flashes to reveal Prince Charming riding his valiant steed Chauncey across the open plains.
He shakes his mangled sword at the audience.
A big gust of wind blows a newspaper page across his face.
He leans on the boat, accidentally pushing it down the ramp.
The boat quickly sinks.
Suddenly Shrek's arms and legs are strapped into a chair.
Suddenly Shrek's belt buckle snaps off and hits Donkey in the eye.
Fiona's eyes suddenly widen.
He blows one of the skewers out and takes a bite.
The King suddenly wakes up, coughing.
The Evil Queen scratches when she sees him and the pool ball goes flying into the Headless Horseman's neck.
Prince Charming grows nervous.
Shrek is fast asleep as the boat travels through an estuary and beaches itself.
Another baby is pulling the tablecloth, causing lethal knives to fly straight at him.
Shrek panics.
Suddenly, Shrek hears a loud rumble.
Shrek suddenly looks concerned.
They flee in terror.
The students panics when his nose starts to bleed.
The opponent's eyes widen in fear.
The Knight looks up at Shrek in fear.
The Evil Trees land, surrounding the shoppers, who flee in terror.
An Evil Knight scares the patrons of Farbucks away and then takes a seat to drink the unfinished coffee.
The Princesses panic.
Pinocchio is still a little nervous.
The boat suddenly pitches to the right.
Puss, tired of being wet, shakes himself vigorously.
Beat.
Suddenly, a burst of light shoots through a candle box that is hung on the door.
Donkey is terrified.
The stroller from his nightmare begins to take shape in the smoke.
He covers his fear and changes the subject.
Suddenly, Artie catches what he said.
A large group of armed Far Far Away Guards surround them.
Suddenly, the tree branch that was holding the bird flicks it off.
The log Artie is sleeping on suddenly sits up, knocking Artie, who is still asleep, to the ground.
Suddenly, two Evil Trees come into frame and scoop Puss, Donkey and Artie up in a net.
Artie starts to panic.
He tosses the chest onto the other end of the plank and catapults himself over to the cannon.
He shakes his hook in the air.
Suddenly a carriage driven by Evil Witches comes zooming down Rodeo Drive.
Prince Charming does a quick mime of being afraid and chuckles.
Suddenly, the cell door flies open.
Doris runs up to the foot of a canopy and takes a knee.
Artie starts to storm away.
Artie realizes the truth and is suddenly concerned for his friend.
Suddenly a fireball hits the blade, melting it.
Suddenly the front door of the "swamp house" set crashes to the floor, revealing Fiona.
Cyclops suddenly emerges from the trap door, knocking Puss and Donkey down.
The Evil Queen rises up behind the Queen and puts a knife to her throat.
Gingerbread Man is suddenly surrounded by many Evil Knights.
Suddenly, Prince Charming kicks himself free of the Evil Tree and charges them.
Despite his fear, Artie faces Prince Charming bravely.
Prince Charming is paralyzed.
In a puff of smoke, Merlin suddenly appears.
Suddenly his eyes grow wide.
fires.
Nervous, has been watching nearby.
Breathes deep - starts across the house.
Stops.
panics.
Scary place.
Something has overcome him...  fear!
Scared shitless.
moves for the ball.
It scares the living kapok out of who snatches up the ball and back-pedals 10 feet.
shakes its collective head, exasperated.
The significance of this is only outweighed by his sudden fear, when...  glimpses something. of some great, lumbering thing moving past a crack in those green fiberglass panels.
Squints shakes it up.
mercilessly.
Swallows against fear of the fence.
A battlefield.
They SCREAM.
They skid.
The Thieves are dragged out, BLATHERING in horror.
stare and shake.
gulps.
Scotty pulls his head back, scared shitless.
54.) FROM THE SANDLOT...  a FULL MOON hangs ominously over the tree house; a glowing little box of debate in the scary night.
His eyes go suddenly wide and he stares, and oggles, and gawks: about 19-years-old walks by into the store.
Frightening.
They suddenly realize where they are: Denial kicks in as they carry on: FROM THIS HEIGHT WE SEE them round the corner, and carry on past the sandlot.
Hands it back to...  ...Benny who's suddenly here watching a baseball game.
He stabs it.
hits a lazy fly ball to where Scotty and Bertram run for it - watching the ball, not They stop - the ball drops between them.
They shake.
moves over, concerned.
Suddenly, Squints clutches his ear The guys are boggled.
fires.
watches him, slowing, worrying.
Panting.
Trembling.
A massive paw-thing comes down on the ball.
Scotty falls to his knees.
Then, suddenly: The gang pokes their heads-only through the window.
Suddenly - SNAP! Ham pulls the stick back.
Suddenly erupt from 'neath the lean-to and CHOMP the Cootie whole.
Suddenly, the whole apparatus JOLTS.
Suddenly, the scan stops.
Benny hurries off as Timmy and Repeat approach with a frightening looking harnass assembly.
struggles.
Scotty stares up at the ceiling in oceans of worry.
The room is dark.
Suddenly, a RACKET from inside Benny's closet.
They stop here.
Times its ballooning chest.
Benny goes for the ball.
Forelegs gallop at flared, over-anxious angles.
The Beast's claws leave jagged scars in the concrete.
in terror and faint.
CRASH!
Suddenly, doubling back on them Benny's gone.
whimpers.
watches in horror.
They shake hands on the exchange.
He still wears his overcoat and sits in a leather chair in the dark room, illuminated by the offscreen glow of a desk lamp.
He is wearing an overcoat but it is unbuttoned and reveals a blood stain in the middle of his chest.
He is joined bv a nervous young man in a tuxedo.
He taps him on the chest.
He gives her a sick grin.
We track along the man's body to discover that he is face- down on the section of newspaper he was reading, blood oozing out of his slit throat onto the newspaper.
The man outside hands his partner a tommy gun and follows him as he walks back into the house.
Tracking on the approaching feet.
Blood spurts as one gunman takes a hit in the ankle.
Firing.
Staccato gunfire erupts in the dark room.
The strobing gunfire makes a strobing shadow of the gunman, whose back is to us as he rakes the room with fire.
He is on fire.
Tom's suddenly very earnest, almost beseeching.
Into a dark office.
Whisper, the man standing over him, has a long scar across his neck.
He drops.
Noise wells up.
The bedroom is dark.
Outside the dark windows the rain sheets down.
As the pressure increases, Tom, purpling, sinks to his knees.
He drops.
Drop does.
As Caspar walks off the driver slouches back, pulls his fedora over his eyes and folds his arms across his chest.
She stalks off.
Suddenly ANAKIN'S eyes pop open.
It takesthe JEDI wildly between buildings and finally skims across a rooftop as OBI-WAN is forced to lift his legs, tenaciously hanging onto the DROID.
ANAKIN barely misses the BOUNTY HUNTER'S speeder as he dives under it, and through a small gap in the building hitting several pipes and going wildly out of control.
Suddenly, there is an ambush.
ANAKIN goes flying into the street.
ANAKIN barges into several of them as he chases after the fleeing ZAM.
Blood spreads.
There is a sudden FTZZZ sound.
The massive, slow-moving Freighter suddenly zooms away into lightspeed.
The little droid moves past groups of eating or sleeping EMIGRANTS and comes to where ANAKIN is sound asleep.
Suddenly, there are shouts from two little girils, RYOO (age 6.) and POOJA (age 4.).
PADME has become receptive to the way he looks at her but is nervous.
A mischievious little grin creeps across his face.
Suddenly, they become aware of the contact between them.
OBI-WAN walks in to find the room in complete disorder.
OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN makes a sudden attack, swinging at JANGO FETT, who deflects the blows.
It disappears.
She shivers slightly, then turns and goes into the garage at the side of the courtyard.
Then suddenly, from outside: A rough hologram of OBI-WAN is projected onto the garage by ARTOO.
The NEXU smells the blood and turns aside to attack the ACKLAY.
On the sand, JEDI fight, attacking DROIDS.
It goes dark.
Suddenly, there is a harsh BEEPING SOUND.
YODA appears at the door of one of the Gunships.
It blasts it, but suddenly the Gunship is rocked by a near miss.
ANAKIN stares down in horror as PADME hits thr ground below.
COUNT DOOKU increases the tempo of his attack.
With TWO LIGHTSABERS, ANAKIN attacks.
Suddenly, the great doors slide open.
YODA attacks!
Still in shadow he turns from the window and approaches the table.
Malloy is uneasy as he studies the shadowy figure, fascinated but afraid.
The light appears to go out by itself and suddenly Louis is in the chair, dimly lit by the street-light from the window.
Malloy is speechless, frightened yet enthralled.
The pimp rifles his pockets, then pulls a knife, about to slice his throat, when a shadow falls over him.
He turns, and we see the face of Lestat, who lifts him into the air by his throat, breaking his neck.
Captivated, terrified, enthralled. Louis floating by mudflats, surrounded by dead fish, the carcasses of animals, eighteenth century rubbish.
The overseer looks into his eyes, shivers with terror, drops the whip and runs for the trees.
He flees, as Lestat ends to finish off the overseer.
Malloy stares at Louis, terrified and enthralled.
Louis crawls into the coffin, fearful yet fascinated.
In horror, Louis realizes he has broken her neck.
One runs her finger down his chest.
A house, the door slightly open, marked with an X.
Her eyes are being eaten away by rats. Louis gasps in horror.
And we see Louis shiver, as his lips go to her neck.
Suddenly Louis backs away, caught red-handed, the child in his arms.
Louis stares at the unconscious Claudia in horror, then lets her slip gently into a chair.
Louis flees into the street.
Lestat shakes her gently.
Claudia lunges for the throbbing vein in the neck, locking on to the flowing blood.
Close on Louis, his anguish, his fascinated horror.
Lestat, hearing the noise, comes in.
She stares at him in horror.
Louis, walking the streets, shivering.
Suddenly a hand is laid on his shoulder.
Lestat bites into the neck of one of the youths, sucks greedily and horribly.
She pulls a knife out from under her shawl, walks rapidly to him and slashes his throat.
She plunges the knife in his chest.
It is no more than bones, wrapped in paper and the pupils of the eyes suddenly roll up into the papered skull.
We see ripples in the water and the churning of alligators, as they attack the corpses.
He looks back at Claudia, puzzled, then at the door again when, swooping into his vision comes the nightmare image of - In filthy swamp-soaked rags, robust again, but his flesh shriveled, covered in scars, his eyes riddled, bloodshot.
Louis runs up the stairs, sweeps Claudia in his arms, watching appalled as the door shudders with the force of Lestat's body. Louis runs through with Claudia in his arms.
Suddenly Lestat crashes through the casement window, scattering blood everywhere, reefing himself on the shattered glass.
Lestat falls to his knees, choking, hands up over his face in the smoke.
The high walls of the Louvre, dark figures walking in pairs through the shadowy tulieries.
But Claudia shakes him off, and moves into the shop.
She backs away, terrified, then sees the other vampires, in a phalanx, advancing from behind, in a half-circle.
The Mortal Woman shakes her head in panic.
She is helpless.
Claudia appears suddenly to Louis' shoulder, interrupting.
Suddenly a light comes on.
Armand suddenly grips Louis close to him.
He gasps at the sight of - Dressed beautifully, but horribly scarred now, from the fire as well as the earlier stabbing.
Rain gusts into the ballroom.
Louis roars in horror and attacks Santiago, scattering the ashes into the rainy wind.
Suddenly - Comes at him from behind. Louis turns.
All his scars are gone, but he is almost a skeleton and his eyes are enormous in their sockets.
Old, fearful, broken.
Lestat shivers, covers his ears.
Louis shivers.
Then suddenly grabs him, lifts him off the floor, bares his terrifying fangs and brings them to his throat.
Malloy screams, in involuntary terror.
Malloy, now terrified, whispers Louis drops him.
Malloy, falls on the floor, terrified.
Shortly afterward, the Office of the Swiss Guard received that document, along with the threat that the Cardinals will be publicly executed, one per hour, starting at seven p.m. tonight, in Rome.
They cringe.
Langdon starts toward the entrance to the vault, but Chartrand puts a hand on his chest, stopping him.
He walks, lit by candlelight that throws harsh shadows on strange walls.
He heads down a very dark hallway, past a row of stonewalled cells, and within each is the dimly lit figure of the older men we saw on the videotape earlier -- the kidnapped cardinals.
He stops.
Langdon's nervous.
they all get out, trying to avoid causing a panic.
is helped to his feet by the Police.
Immediately, a fog of red mist BILLOWS from two puncture holes in the man's chest, covering Langdon in blood --- his face, his clothes.
Langdon recoils in horror, overcome, completely out of his depth.
Rocher looks around, defeated and enraged, as the Cardinal expires and the Crowd panics, fleeing in all directions.
A word is branded into the center of his bared chest: Vatican Police, led by Olivetti and Vincenzo, race into the building and draw their weapons.
Olivetti creeps forward, gun at the ready, Vincenzo close behind him.
Vincenzo, standing behind Olivetti, looks down, horrified, and in that moment of distraction, a figure creeps up behind him -- -- and twists his head 180 degrees with one smooth motion.
Langdon dives under it and crawls backwards, staring in horror at Mr. Gray's feet as they approach the chapel from across the church.
He stresses her title, as if it offends The burning church, now mostly extinguished.
The courtyard beneath them looks like a museum of ancient warfare     -- catapults, stacks of marble cannonballs, fearful contraptions.
Half the flashlight's beam falls on the side wall, and the other half -- -- shines through into the secret passage behind the wall.
Langdon shakes his head no.
Two bullets SLAM into Rocher's chest and he crumples.
The crossed keys, seared into the flesh of his chest.
SCREAMING and panic.
They shake their heads, no thanks.
Violent.
He approaches the chapel doors, speaks to the Swiss Guard posted there as he approaches.
He touches his chest lightly.
A TEACHER walks about, handing out the final exam.
BEAT.
It's suddenly snapped up by Rollergirl.
A nervous young kid in red swimming trunks, SCOTTY J. (mid-20s.)
They shake hands.
Dirk and Amber come f.g. and CAMERA leads them -- They move down a hallway and into -- It's dark for a moment, Dirk hits the garage door and it starts to open . . .
Buck.
Suddenly: Scotty CHARGES Dirk from behind and starts to KISS his neck.
Dirk wakes in the scene, struggles with KC Sunshine, knocks the knife from her hand and pins her down.
Maurice is sitting on the edge of the bed, shaking and sweating.
Suddenly, blood begins to pour violently from his nose.
He catches his breath and walks out of the kitchen.
She runs out the door -- Becky runs from the house and off down the street.
BEAT.
Reed and Dirk make a dash for the Corvette -- they're steps away when a Reed heads away from the car -- makes a run diagonally across the street for shelter behind some SHRUBS and TREES -- (he gets lost from CAMERA.)
Reed is running FULL-SPEED down a residential street, in and out of backyards and over fences, dodging attack dogs, etc. RAHAD storms around his house, the SHOTGUN in his hand.
Paranoid and freaked.
slows . . .
Dirk panics when he sees the gas tank . . .
BEAT.
It suddenly flies open, the lock shattered.
The vampire turns like a frightened animal.
It is torrenting rain.
Wally's hands vise onto Grueller's head, lightning quick.
Dark, cramped, and scummy.
Alone, the Girl hears a NOISE in the dark corner, a wet RUSTLING.
It is a pool of blood.
She stares at it, terrified.
Jeffrey is holding her by the shoulders and shaking her.
Dark, cavernous -- walls hewn from rock, lit torches clamped to them.
Cold stone floor and in the foreground, a dark pool of blood.
He is shocked.
A stake suddenly pops out of his chest, planted in his back by Buffy.
She starts, staring with growing horror at her hands.
A long, lingering kiss, during which she pulls away, anxious to get going.
Nicole leaning over, trying to cheat off her when she falls forward onto the desk, asleep.
Buffy hurls a knife at it with easy precision.
Outside the first floor window, it is dark night.
(He's a vampire.)
The stake punctures the startled creature's chest.
She and the vampire meet in the middle -- the creature barely moves before she buries the guitar neck in its chest.
He sees the decaying bodies, one with a guitar sticking out of its chest.
Pike's eyes glaze over slightly as he collapses into Buffy's arms.
The player looks worried.
The other team is really worried about him now.
Jeffrey looks a little worried.
Suddenly the biker's body lands in front of CAMERA spinning revving the engine.
Merrick looks at Lothos, afraid he will notice.
A small, involuntary noise escapes Buffy.
Buffy walks slowly, silently backward, fading back into the dark, terrified and shocked.
Through the dark mist Buffy appears, carrying Merrick's body in her arms.
She stops.
Buffy is startled by this attack.
They stare back at her, scared, angry.
She wears her purse strapped across her chest under the jacket.
Moves on as more approach.
Buffy approaches the nearest building to the gym.
A few vampires are about to follow Buffy into the building when a hand is suddenly raised before them, stopping the.
He turns in horror, letting go of Buffy, trying to catch the shade.
Suddenly screaming, he forces her over suddenly with such power that the two of them go crashing through the floorboards.
Suddenly her eyes go wide.
Buffy is clearly paralyzed by fear.
Buffy is suddenly galvanized into action.
Cross-eyed, she slides back down into comatic silence.
Sticking out of the middle of his chest is a small eraser, and a #2.
Archetypal, turreted, terrifying.
Suddenly he is more alert, slowing the car.
Both are armed.
The spot goes dark.
Storm shakes a sore hand and notices it's cut.
They see Storm 50 yards back up the pier, fleeing.
Storm gets down on his knees.
Who the hell is it?
Storm starts to rise.
But: Storm suddenly freezes.
We are sure Storm will collapse and this horror will be over, but Storm rushes the remaining assailant, and tilting his body sideways as he enters, he avoids one more ferocious BLAST.
He stares in numb horror.
The men glance to each other, flee.
Suddenly -- he freezes.
reacts as if fearing Russ has had a heart attack.
Suddenly -- Ford   hears Andy!
Misses.
She backs off in horror.
Her view into the coma room suddenly brings the realization that Storm's bed is still gone.
Storm blows huge relief.
She hauls ass with him into the parking lot -- He spins, on the floor, drills TWO SILENCED SHOTS into the janitor's chest.
highballs from the doors, in time to see: A dark-colored CAR, its make indistinguishable in the dark lot, SCREECHES into an exit lane and races out of the lot.
Storm sprawled, asleep, exhausted, in the passenger seat.
The car pulls off the highway, past a sign for OPENING ON a   big table, covered with weapons confiscated from gangs --   pistols, knives, assault rifles.
Storm closes his eyes.
Melee.
Andy looks very worried but doesn't try to stop him.
It's getting a little scary.
Storm fingers the needles and finds a spot in his shoulder with very bad scar tissue and quickly and coldly sticks it in deep.
PULL UP to reveal Storm, with at least 50 needles sticking out of him.
She's wearing dark glasses and a big floppy hat, so we can barely see her face.
Suddenly she pauses.
Storm again approaches the Makiwara.
With one lightning blow the OAK SPLINTERS and flies in half.
Storm throws down the light weights in his hands and walks up to her.
Suddenly his tone becomes harsh, accusatory.
Andy looks exhausted, from a night of black coffee and anxiety.
Andy reacts in shock and horror.
Then his face softens -- In the garage doorway stands the friend Storm feared was dead.
Suddenly O.S. -- a CAR! Storm poised inside the front door -- .45 in hand.
Feeling all the tension and terror of the past days -- yet somehow knowing she's safe in the arms of this man she loves.
Storm strikes an instantaneous blow, sending the rifle flying.
He shakes his sore knuckles from the blow as: arrive from the living room.
Andy looks at him with fearful concern.
Esposito shows terror, but no surprise.
It's Sonny, looking terrified, in some murky environment -- Dunne and another man (Nolan.)
He sees a short catwalk leading to the huge, high wall of the dynamo room.
Sonny shins down a pipe as niftily as a spider monkey!
The car with the two surveillance men we saw before, waits, hidden in shadow.
Suddenly, he freezes -- He spots Ford! his eyes flash across the lobby.
Chaos.
CLUNK!
O'Malley starts to run toward Sonny past the cab, when suddenly: He is SHOT in the back by Nolan!
Seeing the gunmen, Sonny in horror crawls under a car.
The cab driver flees for  his life.
A crowd of bystanders scream in horror at this horrendous sight.
Sonny screams and flees in fear for his life.
Andy stops in horror beside the deathly stricken O'Malley.
stops.
watching them.
Then: O.S. SIRENS!
Storm traps the knife, and quickly guides it into Dunne's midsection.
Holland pours himself a nervous drink.
He enters the area of carnage   and the smug confidence on   his face starts to change to a   slight worry.
Now the look on his face is one of fear and confusion.
Trent is now so fucking scared he looks like he is about to go out of his mind.
If you think Trent was scared before, you should see him now.
The pallbearers remove the flag from the casket and present it to the Chief of Police, who now slowly approaches the group of mourners and stops directly in front of Sonny Storm.
A grin breaks out across Schaefer's face.
BLAIN, weapons and ordinance specialist, a frightening bull of a man, a 240 pound killer, removes from his shirtpocket a think PLUG OF TOBACCO.
Holding the plug between his teeth Blain yanks free from his shoulder scabbard a wicked, ten inch COMBAT KNIFE.
Unable to locate a source to account for his anxiety, he relaxes, moving on, resuming the track.
Behind the curtain a slight shifting of DARK FORMS occurs.
Mac appears suddenly, materializing out of the undergrowth, pausing cautiously, his senses alert, intense, almost nervous.
Suddenly Mac appears within inches of Dillon's face.
The head rises, REVEALING the face of Blain, who looks above the camp and slightly nods.
From the side, unseen by Billy, another Guerrilla           * thrusts out with a knife, Billy ducking backwards, the tip of the knife SLASHING his face.
He suddenly strikes, breaking his neck, dropping him in a heap.
In the b.g., the team, hidden, covers the hillside approaches to the camp, nervous and wary, weapons ready.
MAc unsheathes his knife.
Crawling across the PACK on Dillon's back is a huge SCORPION.
His eyes strain, his senses registering a fear he cannot name or see.
As he moves on, the jungle grows suddenly QUIET, as if aware, sensing that the HUNTER is now stalking, no longer observing!!!
Mac follows, holding the M-60 high across his chest.
Suddenly Billy stops.
Dillon hands Ramirez the knife.
Sensing the danger has passed, Ramirez releases his grip on Anna.
As he passes from behind a large tree, surrounded by dense foliage, SEEING the fleeing Anna.
Entering the alleyway where Hawkins was killed he SEES Anna, cowering in the bushes, her blood splattered face glazed with terror, his eyes vacant.
Suddenly a small TAPIR bursts through the leaves, startling Blain.
A splash of ORANGE BLOOD spatters across the LEAVES of a nearby tree, bullet holes ripping through the surrounding foliage.
More FIRING.
Suddenly, as quickly as it started, THE FIRING STOPS.
Billy turns, his face a mask of primal fear.
Ramirez is frightened by this.
Suddenly, a metallic CLICK, a POP, the SOUND of a warning flare rocketing into the canopy.
Mac's razor-edged KNIFE slashes in the light; BLOOD spatters his face as he attacks fiercely.
She freezes, paralyzed by fear, by her memories of the attack.
Schaefer looks at Mac, at the huge gash across his chest.
Coming forth from the shadows Anna appears, still frightened, seeking the security of the soldiers.
Billy and Ramirez stare up at the trees, a wave of fear     * passing through them... from the trees.
* Ignoring him, Schaefer takes her hands, drawing his COMMANDO KNIFE, looking squarely into her eyes.
Schaefer turns, there is a touch of fear in Dillon's eyes.
Suddenly an EERIE SILENCE moves over the jungle: He whips his face forward.
Anna remains behind, watching terrified from the rocks.
Dillon steps in front of him, putting his hand on Schaefer's chest.
Suddenly the right combination of light and shadow prevail and Dillon SEES in an instant, the Hunter's EYES materialize and then disappear.
Suddenly, from one side, near Ramirez, the Hunter bursts from the jungle, Ramirez, seeing the Hunter, spins raising his weapons to fire...  Ramirez SEES the Hunter's onrushing face, still in camouflage, a montage of organic textures and colors, his yellow eyes burning.
The M-203 flies out of Schaefer's hands as the Hunter's weapon cuts deeply into his left shoulder, laying open the flesh.
He leaps a fallen log, stumbles, struggles to his feet, running on pure adrenalin, his shoulder pulsing blood, his eyes filled with terror.
He's escaped.
is frozen in terror, paralyzed with fear, his eyes locked ontothe incredible creature that is about to kill him.
Schaefer GASPS as his eyes bolt open in fear.
As if the Hunter were still attacking, Schaefer rolls to his feet and runs, slogging through the THICK MUD, stumbling, lunging forward, gasping for breath.
He freezes at the sound of the Hunter dropping, his eyes wide with fear.
The slightest movement will bring an instant attack from the Hunter behind him.
Suddenly he crouches and freezes, HEARING the unbelievable SOUND of a HUMAN VOICE, softly echoing through the ampitheater.
Before he can recover, Schaefer follows with a karate kick to the chest, hurling the Hunter to the ground, his back exposed.
Seen from this perspective, Schaefer is a frightening, horrible visage.
Then, suddenly, with the last of his diminishing strength, he lashes out with one arm, activating the lethal, razor sharp SPURS on his wrists.
Before him, covering a narrow passageway, is a huge SPIDER WEB, intricate, four feet across.
Schaefer runs on, again picking up the blood traces of the fleeing Hunter.
As suddenly the instrument panel goes wild, gauges spinning, digital readouts racing out of control.
The crewmen look tense, frightened.
Suddenly there is a look of horror on his face.
Joey panics and desperately tries to get back to his mother, he rises up throwing the man who is leading him aside.
He breaks into a sweat.
Mrs. Narracott looks in horror and bewilderment at Joey and then at Dad.
She is stunned.
Suddenly we see Dad's dejection.
Mrs. Narracott storms into the house.
Albert immediately goes to stroke Joey but the nervous horse draws back uncomfortably.
Joey is completely confused and frightened.
Joey panics and bolts.
The rain becomes torrential.
The rain has abated.
Albert washes Joey and tends the wounds and sores on his body.
The rain is falling in torrents.
Albert in a panic turns and runs out into the lane.
They disappear into the crowd and Rosie is suddenly there.
Then suddenly they race over the line.
The regiment are tense and nervous as they gingerly make their way along the country road.
The day has suddenly arrived.
We worry for him - he is afraid.
The swords and uniforms glint in the sun, the German troops look terrified - some run in panic, others prepare to stand their ground.
But then we see, in the shadows of the forest behind the A machine gun.
In an instant, the fleeing Germans have manned the guns.
The noise of the blast of bullets drowns out everything else.
The bullets keep coming, now suddenly half of the regiment are on the ground.
A slightly more JUNIOR OFFICER approaches the outraged senior officer.
Suddenly we see the galloping legs of two horses.
And in an instant he is beside him and without Michael ever realizing, he suddenly finds his arms and legs akimbo, as he is yanked out of the line and dragged along the ground, desperately close to Joey's pounding hooves.
The boys spring up, speaking in terrified whispers.
As they walk past, they avoid the eye of the Grandfather, who approaches the soldiers.
Topthorn suddenly rears up - and charges off following, sensing danger.
He reaches the top of the hill - comes over the brow - and there is not the fallen body of Emilie, which he has been fearing, but a brutal line of German soldiers - and motorbikes.
It is like a line of Indians in a Western - total, alien fear.
She is screaming.
Grandfather hugs her - in horror that she is now struggling so hard for breath.
The road they can see below them is the main through road of the area - and it is a scene of horse horror - huge, massive guns and cannons and artillery being dragged by teams of horses that are in a terrible condition.
Andrew Easton is with Albert and he's shaken and terrified.
He puts his foot on the ladder, when suddenly the Sergeant stops him.
Felled men are screaming at his feet in fear and agony.
He sits in still terror for a moment.
Back at the trench, Andrew waits - terrified - and then, back out of the mist step two men - heading back towards him.
Suddenly ANOTHER SOLDIER leaps from a trench branch between them, shouting in panic.
Andrew and Albert look in horror.
Friedrich is in panic at Topthorn's quick Friedrich continues to stroke Topthorn's head.
He is about to die.
He is wild, frightened.
He runs on - it is becoming night - suddenly there are explosions to the left of him - this fast, elegant creature simply runs through the gaps between explosions.
He is suddenly in the thick of battle.
And suddenly sees in front of him barbed wire.
He is in pain.
He crosses a narrow bridge that spans a flooded bomb crater.
The Geordie, still frightened, stares stupidly at them.
He returns to Joey, nervous about turning his back.
The doctor looks at the Geordie and frowns shaking his head "no."
Suddenly there is a strange owl like whistle from fifty yards away.
The Doctor approaches with the Geordie.
The Geordie shakes his head, no.
There's a strange sense of optimism, for such a gloomy moment.
He steps to the front of the crowd, and suddenly we see who it is.
They shake, as men.
Hazel's legs dangle over the side of an exam table.
A few more beats.
My bad.
A beat.
Across the parking lot, she sees Isaac going at it with a redhead, MONICA (17.), sucking face like there's no tomorrow against the door of her green Pontiac Firebird.
And we CUT TO: Hazel is terrified.
It's a nightmare.
Suddenly Isaac starts kicking his chair across the room.
Shakes his head no.
This could be a source of worry but she's not going to think about that right now.
But Isaac is already asleep.
Hazel wakes up screaming in the middle of the night, shaking and holding her head.
Whatever nightmare this is, it's going to end.
Everyone feels horrible now.
Looks up at the clouds, threatening rain but not yet delivering it.
And he's nervous.
Gus is getting more worried by the second.
Mid-flight, the plane is dark, Frannie's asleep.
They walk: Lidewij leads Gus and Hazel into a living room so sterile it's creepy.
The room is dark.
Hazel is very in the moment and now it's Gus who seems nervous.
Isaac winds up and hurls it - missing the car again but hitting the HOUSE.
Suddenly, her phone buzzes.
Gus's car is alone in the parking lot and she pulls up next to it.
Hazel sits in the car in the dark.
She's blaring the loudest music she can possibly blare - a means of drowning out the horrors of the world.
As she reads, WE HEAR: Hazel is overcome with emotion.
She holds the letter to her chest.
Suddenly, a flash of steel, as a sword pierces the womb, its tip not an inch from the baby's head.
When he pulls his hands back they are coated in blood.
Corin lowers the knife.
Islene's eyes lock with Corin's as he puts the knife to use.
Uran and the other Cimmerian men exchange worried glances.
With a setting sun silhouetting the two, Conan attacks Corin.
Blood rushes to Conan's face but he says nothing.
He suddenly stands up straight, unmoving.
Suddenly, Lucius and his legion of silver-armored warriors burst out of the fog, attacking with speed and strength.
Worried.
Corin's eyes are half-crazed.
Corin fights Ukafa to a standstill, until Remo emerges from the shadows behind him and drives a short sword into his back.
Corin falls to his knees.
Suddenly Conan shifts upright, looking more sober than he did a moment ago.
The guards holding Conan up by his arms, suddenly find those arms wrapped around their heads.
The Lieutenant is horrified.
He stops.
The next three Guards rush forward, forcing Conan to deal with three weapons attacks at once.
Conan struggles to breathe, the polearm shaft driving his throat into the wall.
Conan shows Lucius the FIVE SCARS running down his forearm.
He drops it in Lucius' throat.
As he closes in on the terrified Lucius, Conan heads for the door.
Suddenly, the monastery's BELL RINGS OUT.
A small handful of armed MONKS display acrobatic martial arts prowess as they battle with Khalar's heavily armed forces, but they are vastly outnumbered.
Tamara lunges for the nearest shadow scout with her knife, but when she strikes, she hits nothing but shadow.
A quick knife strike and he goes down.
Remo blends into another shadow -- Remo materializes out of a shadow atop the Man Of War, next to Cheren, the archer.
Tamara gasps in fear but Conan only reaches out and breaks the lock on her chains.
Suddenly, there's the sound of FIGHTING.
And suddenly, THUMP, THUMP.
Her face is covered in sweat, her eyes as terrified as the victim from her dream.
He sidesteps Conan's attack and backhands Conan's face with the flat of his tulwar.
The room is dark, surrounded by thick draperies.
He closes in on the YOUNGEST FEMALE MONK, a true innocent with terrified eyes.
Terrified as she is, the young monk says nothing.
Her pupils widen in fear as Fariq's cold stare bores into her.
Conan exits his room, sees the danger.
She's worried to say the least.
The Captain and crew are in a panic.
The Spearmen rush to the attack.
Conan then kicks the warrior in the chest, hurtling Ukafa backwards.
A pair of close misses leaves Ukafa with gashes on his chest and arm, but he manages to knock the spear from Conan's hands.
Suddenly, it bolts.
Behind him, Tamara approaches.
She gently caresses the notched scars cut into his arm.
From out of the shadows steps the ONE-EYED THIEF, the same one who Conan saved from Lucius' beatings.
He stops before it.
Conan takes a step forward when suddenly a POWERFUL WIND blows out his torch.
Fariq strokes his newly acquired scar.
Fariq responds by pushing the red hot blade against Conan's chest.
Moonlight from the huge eyes of the skull illuminate terrifying faces in the darkness.
But the crown of iron is terrifying.
Khalar's attack is feral, uncontrolled.
Conan repels another Khalar attack, this time striking Khalar's chest and drawing blood.
The cave is but a forechamber, the slightest taste of the true glory and horror of Acheron.
The Acheronian Warriors attack.
He hands her the knife.
She suddenly drives her boot into his crotch, sending him to the floor reeling with pain.
Connor and Murphy are both screaming in panic.
They finally catch it and both put their ears to the receiver in panic.
They approach two dead bodies, laying next to a dented green dumpster with half the paint job scraped off.
Ivan's face is battered as Rocco wakes and approaches.
The Hennessey is instantly ablaze and Checkov is screaming and wiggling in horror.
Suddenly his face reads the gravity of the situation.
Ivan's look turns to one of terror.
The brothers are fast asleep.
Suddenly, they lurch forward, throwing their chests out, lips tight, still asleep.
He's scared.
Suddenly Yakavetta jumps to a standing position.
He yells.
Rocco returns to terror.
He hangs up.
They speak Russian, but no subtitles are seen.
The shocked Russians say only a word or two in panic before the MacManus brothers react, reaching for their guns.
The Russians start to reach for their guns.
There are eight dead Russians.
He has Compassion.
Smecker storms from the room.
The kid is scared as the drug dealer slaps him.
He is shaking as he masturbates.
He still holds the terrified, crying dancer.
The glass silently spiders and begins to fall in spots.
He is clad in a long dark trench coat with the collar pulled up, dark round glasses and a dark hat.
FLASHCUT : The man pulls out a large hunting knife and disappears into each room.
They walk with the terrified woman around the pool to a steel door pool house entrance.
Rocco is terrified as the man dives on him and they begin fighting.
The noise is deafening.
Rocco shakes the priest.
Fear returns to the priests face.
Yakavetta stops as if terrified with a thought.
As soon as he is within arms reach, dad takes him by the collar and drags him down the aisle all the way to where the media stands in horror.
As he climbs, spider-like, pulling himself up, he goes to JAM A CLEAT into the ice, but - CRACK!
QUIET PANIC.
IT BLOWS UP, just as - There's PANIC ON THE GROUND.
Suddenly - Whomp! - an arm reaches out, and yanks her into an alcove.
She's stunned.
Concerned this might be getting serious, BOND grabs an OAK LEG from the shattered table.
As she reveals her face to the camera - and Bond - There is a terrified look on her face.
She is white with fear.
Crushed.
Devastated.
Nervous.
He sees Stamper reach INTO HIS JACKET - and PANICS!
With terror in his eyes, THE CAPTAIN sprints up the rest of the stairs, through a water-tight door, into: Where the Captain secures the door behind him, and rushes away.
He glances back: He rushes up the last four steps, just as - With PANIC IN HIS EYES, the Captain turns to face the oncoming tsunami!
As it closes in for the kill - Shifts, suddenly, to the stern.
A confusion of anxious voices: With all hands still awaiting orders - THE ROOM LURCHES AS THE BOW RISES!
He reacts with horror.
The ambient light level on the gauges suddenly DARKENS.
Diver #3 HOOKS THE CABLE he's been trailing onto the net, and - The net erupts through the surface, is hauled up into the air, and deposited on - (An old scow, with a large crane, two-story deck-house, and a crew whose idea of 'cruise-wear' runs to tattoos and grotesque scars.
(Bond still has the diver from behind, knife to his throat.)
She jumps, TERRIFIED.
And suddenly...  BOOM!
He presses an intercom button: The helicopter suddenly appears in front of him.
The boat pitches wildly; Harmsway looses his balance, crashing into a wall.
Harmsway regains control of the boat; he TAKES A GUN from the dead captain, and pushes the body out.
The boat is sinking.
Suddenly, THE BOAT GROANS.
(Flashes from Nightmare 3 & 4.).
Moving up the walk, closer to the house...  only now it's a little darker, needs some paint.
(Nightmare 5 and Freddy's Dead.).
Meagan follows it into the...  Meagan enters the house slowly, watching as the tri- cycle rides off down a creepy hallway and disappears.
Suddenly, a doll-sized Freddy scurries out from under the bed, flashing past Meagan's face and running out the door.
Suddenly, the doll opens it's eyes and sneers: The Freddy doll flashes it's tiny glove of knives, thrusting them deep into Meagan's chest.
Meagan sits up suddenly in bed, clutching her chest.
Meagan climbs out of bed...  Meagan enters and finds Lizzy still asleep, clutching her Raggedy Ann doll.
Several of the cultists lead the attacking S.W.A.T. team deeper into the house.
Suddenly, the little girl jumps onto the S.W.A.T. commander, flashing a glove of knives.
She dives back for a plunge to his throat when Murdoch walks up and kicks her off.
The flash bulb is the size of a beach ball and has a nuclear warning etched in the front.
Meagan waking up in her seat suddenly.
Jesse looks up suddenly.
Scared, Lizzy turns and runs, dropping her books as she flees down the sidewalk.
As she comes to the street, a big black hearse suddenly pulls up in front of her, the door swinging open wide.
She screams.
She gasps.
They exchange anxious looks, then Meagan presses a little closer to the glass.
The security guard runs up to the fence, huffing and puffing, watching as Jesse's car disappears down the street.
After a moment, Lizzy starts to settle down...  falling asleep...
Her eyes grow wide with fear again as she opens her mouth to scream.
Several shadows flee into the night as Jesse's car pulls up next to a run-down building.
As they get to their feet, Meagan hears Lizzy's voice: Meagan enters a shaft, following the sound when suddenly, the shaft closes up behind her.
Stormie charges Freddy, throwing her arms around him as she screams to Erwin: But Erwin is paralyzed with fear.
Suddenly, Stormie's arms have become huge lobster claws.
Meagan pulls back the covers to reveal that Lizzy is pregnant, her naked, swollen stomach protruding from her night gown.
Meagan wakes up suddenly.
His small DOG suddenly perks up her ears and GROWLS low.
The night watchman steps out of his shack and squints into the darkness when a line of several hearses approaches.
His bones start to bleed...  blood becoming arteries and veins... vessels becoming muscle...  muscle growing scarred flesh...
Died:1953.
In the back, Erwin picks his nose, unaware that Stormie is watching him, her mouth gaping in horror.
Both are fast asleep.
He's too busy shaking with fear...  staring at something coming down the street.
Trembling with fear, Jesse fumbles for his pistol.
At the glass door, the guard is watching the action in the parking lot, his breath fogging the window.
Meagan plunges the knife into Jesse's chest with a sickening THWACK!
Erwin panics for a moment, then HONKS the HORN.
He starts back for the front, when suddenly the HORN stops.
Jason turns to see who when he is suddenly pushed into the lake.
Meagan sticks out her hand to shake.
Anxious to get out of the closet with Jason, Erwin crawls across the floor and peeks out over the window sill.
SMART BOMB P.O.V. as it drops down on Jason -- homing in on the laser dot on his chest.
Stormie is fast asleep.
She screams.
Meagan's parents watch in pain and horror as the deputies drag their daughter back to her cell, kicking and screaming.
Meagan's mom and dad gasp, recoiling with horror.
Stormie watches the massive knife blade as it comes right for her, then at the last possible second she starts climbing after Boogerman.
The wall to Stormie's cell is splattered with blood and bits.
Jason recoils only slightly as BULLET HITS BURST his coveralls, then he grabs the attendant by the head as he snaps the empty pistol in panic.
In the back of the ambulance, a terror-stricken Erwin watches as a face shaped dent appears in the wall with a sickening WRENCHING of METAL and FLESH.
Jason watches him and pulls the safety belt across his massive chest -- it won't reach.
He turns suddenly to Erwin as if to say, "Yeah?! What about it?"
Meagan watches, suddenly perplexed.
The cultists attack Jason.
Suddenly, Freddy throws Jason off his back and stands, huge muscles ballooning on his chest and arms.
abyss.
Erwin struggles to breathe -- a large hole in his chest.
Lizzy turns and attacks Murdoch.
He knocks her to the floor, taking aim on her head with the shotgun as he says: In a panic, Meagan snatches up a pistol from a fallen cultist and FIRES it at Murdoch's head.
They see Jason and raise their guns in panic.
BULLET HITS EXPLODE on Jason's chest.
Dozens of BULLET HITS going off of his chest and head.
And we HEAR a growing ROAR...  a frightening RUMBLE.
He shakes his WIFE.
I was afraid you'd miss me -- COOKE -- The man behind the truck -- pulls an Ingram submachine gun INTO VIEW.
Hear that?
Bennett starts his boat, revs the throttle, then pulls away from the other boats.
Suddenly, footsteps approach her bedroom door.
My people got some business with you...  Matrix hears a NOISE outside, glances out the window and sees two vehicles RACING away from the house.
The wrecked Blazer is BURNING, then suddenly EXPLODES.
A large group of armed soldiers start to surround Matrix.
Matrix's eyes suddenly WIDEN as he looks at two boots with an attached knife, then up at the man standing in them.
We faked Bennett's death so Kirby would get nervous and lead us to you.
She is shaking from fear and her eyes are wet with tears.
One of the Soldiers approaches Kirby.
He PULLS, the door starts to bend, then the lock suddenly SNAPS.
The NOISE is deafening.
Cont Sully takes off his dark glasses, eats her up with his eyes and adjusts his tie.
and suddenly stops.
Five security guards are now approaching him.
Matrix turns from the guards to point at Cindy in the bar and he suddenly sees Sully approaching her.
Sully looks out toward the commotion and suddenly sees Matrix.
He misses.
It misses.
Sully crawls out and dazedly begins to trot toward his car.
Fear starts to show in Sully's face for the first time as he STARES at the key.
Arius' boat settles next to a dock and several Latinos (in guerrilla fatigues.)
Suddenly, the lights in the room go out, plunging Jenny into darkness.
Jenny moves against a wall, slides to a sitting position on the floor and begins to shiver from the cold.
Matrix tenses, ready to attack.
He's dead.
Cindy approaches and swallows as she looks down at his body, the stake coming out of his chest.
Matrix crawls away from the jeeps, moves low through the shadows, goes into a corridor and sees a door ajar.
Are we going to the plane?
He suddenly feels the hidden button and presses it.
She sits back down on the floor and begins to shiver.
Bennett pulls Jenny close against his chest and face, shielding himself.
They stop at Arius' war boat, Bennett cuts the moorings with his knife, then he FORCES Jenny into the boat.
Bennett's got her...  Suddenly, he hears a NOISE and he looks to the side.
He pulls his gun from his holster and aims it toward the boat.
Starting to panic, he FIRES WILDLY as he tries to steer the bouncing boat.
You're dead...
Jenny watches the fight in horror.
Matrix's eyes go glassy, then he drops his knife.
Bennett slowly approaches Matrix from behind, casually feeling the blade of his knife.
Bennett pulls the knife back with his arm, preparing to plunge it into Matrix's back.
The knife misses him and GETS STUCK in the hull of the boat.
Fear FLOODS his eyes.
He DRIVES his knife into Bennett's throat so hard the knife goes through Bennett's neck and comes out the other side.
Still holding the knife, Matrix then DRIVES the knife into the hull of the boat.
He takes the gun from her and tosses it past the burning boat into the ocean.
Cindy suddenly RUNS to the chopper and JUMPS in the door as it lifts off.
No, it wasnt Youko...  Tomoko looks away, worried.
Man, you had me freaked me out.
Tomoko is now clutching tightly onto her friend, looking panicked.
Masami suddenly breaks into a huge grin.
Tomoko shakes her head, -Dont you dare-.
Gifu, but there was some big accident out there, and that ended up being what started the rumor.
Suddenly, he hears his mothers voice from behind him.
They all watched some weird video, and after that their phone rang.
Her face is twisted into an insane rictus of fear, mouth open, eyes wide and glassy.
Asakawa drives her car speedily along a narrow country road, LEAVES blowing up in her wake.
And theres a FACE, she sees, a face hidden in shadows, looking down from above.
It is dark and raining heavily.
Ryuji shakes it off and quickly regains his composure.
A cute, nervous-looking young GIRL with short hair approaches slowly.
Did you hear that, too?
Her eyes fall on the futon next to hers.
Suddenly, the IMAGE from the video of the figure with its face shrouded springs to Asakawas mind.
Eyes wide with horror, she flings the sliding doors apart-- --and there, seated before the television, is Yoichi.
Its more like everyones fear just takes on a life of its own.
Fear...  Or maybe its not fear at all.
Asakawa sits alone, knees curled up to her chin, eyes wide and frightened.
Stop it!
Onstage, Shizuko backs away, eyes wide and frightened.
Suddenly, a pained look crosses his face and he collapses to the floor.
The crowd, and Asakawa as well, see that the reporters face is contorted into a grotesque mask of fear.
Shizukos eyes widen, her head shaking in disbelief.
Mr. Yamamura slowly rises to a sitting position, and together the three watch the approach of ominous, dark STORM CLOUDS.
A look of abject fear crosses Asakawas face.
If the rumors are true, that time is gonna be our deadline.
A nervous glance at her WATCH later and she is back at the well, lowering the empty bucket to find another full one already awaiting her.
What the hell are you doing?
Her voice is frantic, fearful.
The dankness, the claustrophobia seeps in and she draws in her breath in the first signs of panic.
Like a mother comforting a frightened child, Asakawa pulls the skeletal remains to her breast, strokes the bony head comfortingly.
His hand suddenly ceases, eyes dancing worriedly as he hears a faint...  No. Breath rattling fearfully in his throat, Ryuji spins around to face the TELEVISION SET.
CUT back and forth between Ryuji, who is beginning to visibly panic, and the television, which shows Sadako lurching ever closer.
The TELEPHONE rings, and Ryuji spins round towards it, breath catching in his throat.
Ryuji backs away, screaming in terror.
The man, PAUL JAVAL, is thirtyish, nervous; with short, sandy hair.
As they approach the crest of the overpass, Javal flips a switch on his radio-control unit...  Six small SEMICIRCLES, exact replicas of the stay-alert bumps on the white lines of the overpass, EXPLODE.
Javal's device is armed, and waiting...
Suddenly, a huge, fiery EXPLOSION blows out the front of the bank building.
Horrified, Carson runs toward it...  Carson is snapped awake by a CAR ALARM going off outside.
He races down the hall -- right past the house alarm keypad, its LCD reading "ARMED."
He puts his arm across her neck, flicks open a gravity knife and PLUNGES it through the tarp, into her chest.
Jittering with excitement, fear and speed, Javal hops out of his van, holding a Benelli M-1, a semi-automatic shotgun.
He SHOOTS the Driver in the chest.
A few COLLIDE with oncoming traffic.
He looks scared, and carsick.
Dave hurries to the back of a building and gets sick.
Mrs. Han, Joy, Sam, and Lisa walk in, rigid with fear.
Mrs. Han realizes he's wired to the moon...  and it terrifies her.
Mrs. Han gasps and begins to PANIC.
Suddenly, the Butler sprints across the foyer.
He's flying.
Javal comes back out, panicking.
Snared, the little Geo is LIFTED off the ground -- instantly too high for a terrified Javal to escape from it.
He SCREAMS.
Javal, panting with fear, jimmies his foot against the dashboard and holds the steering wheel to keep from falling out.
Carson rushes across the street to Javal's body.
She picks it up, then turns away in horror.
Suddenly, a BEARDED CREWMAN crosses to the Captain.
A GUNSHOT rings out (OS.), and the Operative's chest EXPLODES in blood.
Cut the tension in the room with a knife?
Carson is about to show the CONCIERGE behind the desk his i.d, but the Concierge is nervous and sweating.
Carson pulls out his Sig 9mm, approaches the door behind the desk, which is ajar...
Then, he's startled as he hears a strange, mechanical whining NOISE coming from the kitchen.
The front of the building, where the hostages are, EXPLODES.
It makes the panic during the '92 riots look like a drive in the country.
He grabs for the two-way and we realize he's panicking.
People flee from the festivities in droves.
Carson and Ambassador Han watch with horror.
Bobbi, her Pilot and her Cameraman turn when they hear a KNOCKING on the windshield of their copter...  Oblivious to the panic on the streets, a raggedy HOMELESS GUY stands with a spray bottle, wanting to wash the windows on the copter.
MOBS make panicked runs on the stock in grocery, drug and hardware stores.
Carson moves aside...  but the knife SLICES across his upper arm.
Colonel Lee, on hands and knees, tries to crawl away.
Colonel Lee's knife goes flying.
After a beat, she does.
A quick shake of hands.
Suddenly, Zozo slows.
Zozo, scared, looks for a side road, studies the traffic behind.
Off Zozo terrified.
Anais and Carine sleep in the car.
It's a raid.
It's a horror.
Thomas and Fedens wait, anxious, as Paul appears.
Shadows dart past faint house lights.
Paul's light sweeps across the room and illuminates: Eyes - terrified eyes, a room full of faces, staring back.
He holds the door open, they file out, frightened.
Tatiana comes over instantly, worried.
A beat.
Crawls across, the driveway, crawls through a puddle.
HORROR!
Tatiana clasps her mouth, afraid to utter a cry.
Tatiana pulls back in horror: Roger is covered in blood.
Her SCREAMS, stifled by fear.
The old guard calls in frightened.
Two jeeps, jammed with heavily armed SOLDIERS, sit in the drive like many-limbed beasts of war.
Inside a family huddles together in terror, waiting for the windows to give way.
There are other jeeps, and several staff in a panic.
Paul reels from the blow, but manages to stay on his feet.
Now each terrified neighbor looks to Paul, begging.
Paul rushes in:   The lobby is filled with Tutsi refugees, and scared white tourists.
Paul addresses the frightened Western tourists.
Paul waits, then a car pulls up, an Indian businessman, Mr. Garindi, gets out, shakes hands, he's shaken.
Suddenly women and children on the lawn scream and run in fear.
Behind them bushes shake, then suddenly a bloody figure wearing only boxer shorts bursts out from among the trees and flees to the middle of the driveway.
More Tutsi refugees running up the driveway in fear.
UN soldiers watch the outside road.
Behind her two monitors show footage of a plane crash and bodies along roads.
Tatiana clings to Paul, fearful of the news.
The businessman shakes his head no.
Tatiana's eyes are wide with fear.
On the edges, clumps of Rwandans, watching, silent, fearful.
Several white aid workers weep uncontrollably as they are dragged away from frightened Rwandan coworkers.
French soldiers begin pulling nuns from the terrified crowd.
Panic breaks out among the crowd.
Paul, drenched, is left alone to fend for his new guests: Weeping women, frightened children.
Now, frightened Tutsis peer out from their rooms.
The music is suddenly interrupted.
PAUL mimics Gregoire's whimpers of fear.
They both chuckle, then Paul remembers, a cloud of anxiety comes over him.
horror.
CLOSE ON - Fear on the faces of families who realize they have missed this alphabetical list, anxiety among the others.
Suddenly fights erupt between the Militia and the soldiers.
Bloody and battered, the terrified refugees fall from the trucks.
The kids screaming in terror.
Paul shakes his head no.
They look frightened.
The Tutsi refugees camped on the lawn flee in panic as the Militia truck speeds around the driveway.
Now the Ghanians are really frightened.
She cries harder and squeezes his hand in fear. of fire - an RPG rocket - zigzags toward the hotel.
It is incredibly hot, and Paul is soaked with nervous perspiration, he takes off his jacket.
Paul is now terrified.
Bizimungu worried.
Paul races into the hotel, past frightened refugees who flee.
AT THE ROOF - now, there are clumps of refugees who have fled up there, including Xavier who huddles in a corner.
Paul, delirious with fear, runs along the parapet.
BELOW he sees soldiers herding the Militia.
TO HIS ROOM: Paul staggers in, crazed with fear.
Suddenly, the car explodes.
They shake hands.
He shakes hands with the WINNER.
They shake hands for the photographers.
He shakes COP #2's hand before heading back into the restaurant.
He shakes his head 'no'.
NICKY angrily keeps spinning the vise handle until suddenly one of DOGS's eyes bulges out of the socket.
MARINO places a knife against DOGS's neck.
We hear DOGS gasp as the knife slices his throat.
Suddenly, the power goes out.
Security guards, on their hands and knees, are pulling the plugs on the three giant $15,000 progressive machines, as ACE talks to DON WARD.
They struggle.
They shake hands.
A frightened CHARLIE hurries down the stairs.
Suddenly a sputtering airplane flies right over Ace's house.
It's a scary place.
The DEALER is nervous.
Everyone freezes in fear.
GINGER rises and attacks ACE.
He looks nervous.
The man is left alone on the ground of the dingy parking lot.
Fear strikes him and he runs to his daughter's room.
She gasps.
PISCANO gasps and clutches his chest, having a heart attack.
Everything goes silent as he is suddenly engulfed in flames.
They shake hands.
NICKY shakes hands with SALLY.
Truman is suddenly aware that the hundreds of other BEACHGOERS have stopped their activities to stare at him.
He hangs up.
TRUMAN enters the lobby and approaches the CONCIERGE, trying to keep his arms tightly at his sides to hide the perspiration.
Truman watches through the train's open door as the boys corner the frightened woman but still he remains in his seat.
An abandoned freeway project in Queens.
He starts to run after the bus, colliding with several PEDESTRIANS who make no attempt to avoid him.
Suddenly the taxis and cars directly in front of him start to slow for no apparent reason.
Truman suddenly jumps the sidewalk in the car, scattering The same cars on the street that seemed intent on slowing his progress suddenly accelerate in unison, anticipating his move.
CHRISTOF, fully clothed, relishing the danger of being so close to Truman without being detected.
Truman, obviously terrified, musters the nerve to approach the lockers.
Lauren suddenly stops splashing.
The car skids to a stop and a large MAN, 40ish, with a shock of dark hair jumps from the car.
The man yanks the frightened Sylvia to her feet causing her cardigan to fall to the ground.
VERONICA'S head suddenly appears back in frame beside TRUMAN.
Truman suddenly throws aside his miniature of Jack Daniels and sprints across the parking lot and into the school.
A WOMAN EXECUTIVE in the elevator looks in horror at Truman.
The Security Guards suddenly appear at Truman's side and take him by the arm.
He starts to run along the street, suddenly entering another building at random.
However, as he goes to get up from the sofa, MERYL starts to slide down his chest towards his lap.
Suddenly, in unison, they take their positions and begin working.
Truman shudders at the sound of his name and backs away from the young woman, as if it is she who now represents the threat.
A convoy of cars approaches.
Without warning, Truman suddenly exits the freeway.
At the end of the offramp a pack of cars suddenly appears.
Truman suddenly veers the Oldsmobile onto the sidewalk.
CHRISTOF, a trace of panic in his eyes, turning to CHLOE.
While pressing the blade to Meryl's throat, Truman starts to march her around the room, talking to the walls, light fixtures, a mirror, doorknob, framed picture, blank television.
Truman drops the knife and forces Meryl's head into the gaping hole in the bed, submerging her head in the tepid water.
Suddenly, the front door chimes.
Truman is immediately picked up by a hidden camera inside the building where he exchanges a half-hearted greeting with an ancient SECURITY GUARD.
We see a close up of Truman's terrified eyes in his blackened face, staring down at the lapping water.
Underwater we see TRUMAN panicking at the shock of the cold sea, arms and legs flailing.
Suddenly he stops and sinks for a moment in the weight of his clothes.
Suddenly in the distance there appears a single sail etched against the horizon.
An official-looking sign is attached - "DANGER.
Simeon reluctantly turns to a panel of controls on the desk marked "WAVE", "WIND" and "RAIN".
Darkness suddenly descends as storm clouds roll towards Truman's boat at an alarming speed.
TRUMAN appears to be losing his fight against the storm, each successive breaker taking its toll on his body, sapping his strength, his bindings the only thing holding him upright, his head slumps, the wheel goes loose in his grasp, spinning out of control.
As he is about to be overcome by the next wave, he thrusts his arm into the handles of the spinning wheel.
He feels the surface, puts both terrified hands against it.
The sea he has feared since childhood, is nothing but an enormous tank.
TRUMAN suddenly steps in front of the tram.
The terrified Guide pulls jerkily away in the tram, resuming the tour.
He is suddenly aware of the tourists gawking at him.
Outside.
Suddenly the doubts flood into Christof's eyes, fearing he has misjudged Truman, fearing for his life.
Suddenly, her eardrums are hammered by machine gun GUITAR.
This is Hell.
As the cacophony POUNDS she shakes the entire stereo with all her frantic might.
Lanky with bad posture, Lex is already sporting worry lines.
Suddenly, Lex pushes Trip angrily.
Jam is visibly horrified.
His eyes widen with horror behind his goggles as the other STUDENTS laugh till they hurt.
Lex's eyes bug with terror.
We see Jam, Hawk, Lex, and Trip agog in dread.
Suddenly, Hawk backs up again into Trip and Lex as if a swarm of killer bees was out there.
Suddenly, POOT!
His face becomes a mask of pure terror.
The car winds up the path leading to a dark, Gothic edifice over which tumultuous storm clouds continuously hover.
We hear a SCARY ORGAN theme.
Except for the tinkering NOISES that are heard as the STUDENTS work on their projects, there is silence in Electronics Class.
Suddenly, a wet stain grows across the crotch of Trip's pants.
CRASH!
Suddenly, a screaming Elvis slides into the open door on his stomach and bowls Miss Hibbs over like a Brunswick.
Jam sits just beyond it, but all we see are his corduroyed legs which shake.
Jam is one nervous kid.
Father McNulty sticks the pencil into an electric pencil sharpener and it makes the same NOISE a DENTIST'S DRILL does when burrowing into a molar.
Then, he suddenly hears the KISS tune coming from the Volvo.
Suddenly Jam grabs his wrist.
Their heads collide knocking Bobby out cold.
Terrified, Barbara leaps from the Trans Am and is cornered.
Christine is fast asleep between Jam and Lex.
On their way to the car, they suddenly hear a WOMAN'S VOICE bellowing through a megaphone from somewhere down the street.
He yelps.
Suddenly distracted, the kid loses the ball.
Trip watches in horror as Chongo makes a muscle and the walnuts are shelled between two walls of iron-hard flesh.
Panicking, he bolts deeper into the field.
Praying he won't be spotted, Lex holds his breath as he's carried into the building and disappears.
Trip looks at the little kid, Chongo, and the two buds in fear.
Suddenly, the sliding door to the priest's booth opens.
She suddenly shoots a surprise glance over the man with the coat's shoulder.
He GASPS.
Suddenly, the Basset Hound runs up in front of the pack and drops the frisbee at Lex's feet.
Lex's eyeball bulges with terror.
The helpless cashier lets out fearful sobs.
The pack takes this as a threat and charge the beefy jerks, who bolt for a glass-partitioned office.
It escaped again!
Suddenly, a commotion up the street.
Suddenly, a greasy hand juts out of nowhere and grabs the tickets.
Punching.
That instant, a worry of black crows bursts up in the field behind him and takes to the swirling air.
They shake hands.
He drives in silence.
John panics and swerves onto the hard shoulder amidst loud horn blasts.
Nadia is lying asleep on the bed in only her black underwear.
He watches her.
A pair of Russian Army field binoculars.
In a panic he replaces the picture, the photographs, the gun lighter, the brochure, and the binoculars.
She opens it and removes a big hardback Russian - English dictionary.
The street cricketers run for cover as a thunder storm breaks over the close.
She presses one to his skin and we watch it drawn across his chest in close up, up to his neck.
Suddenly the lights go out.
The light throws huge shadows on the walls and flickers across their faces.
Shouting in Russian.
Yuri speaks to Nadia in fast Russian.
Nadia begins gabbling to Yuri in Russian.
John is thrown, panicking that one of them will notice the marks.
Nadia speaks in Russian to Yuri.
John suddenly looks sick.
He looks nervous.
He asks her about them in Russian.
They've both vanished.
Yuri admonishes his friend in Russian.
Nadia is already asleep.
Suddenly Alexei steps between them in the doorway.
Alexei shouts at Yuri in Russian.
Nadia is frozen with terror.
CLOSE UP On Nadia's terrified eyes, imploring John to help her.
He takes a deep breath and swears in Russian.
Yuri is now pointing the big knife at John's ribs.
He stops.
Cars crawl by on the road outside, their tail-lights stretching over the hill.
The Russians have gone.
Suddenly he slaps her across the face.
It is surrounded with Police.
He hurries through high bracken then stops suddenly by a large oak.
Suddenly he stops.
the huge knife behind her back.
Suddenly Yuri's face appears in the window, cupped by his hands peering out into the blackness.
We hear the Russian lovers' voices next door.
He takes his shirt off -- Nadia glances up -- With horror, she sees John in the doorway.
The 'kiss' suddenly makes Alexei's eyes widen in pain.
They shake.
She speaks to him in Russian and we see the subtitles.
She speaks softly in Russian.
John repeats the phrase in Russian.
He suddenly stops.
Inside is written a short phrase in Russian: Kam Kapsi Schta.
John sits frozen as the Police approach.
As Elizabeth watches, the skull appears to TURN and GRIN at her -- Elizabeth shuts her eyes tight -- -- and then snap open again, startled wide with fear.
A rather too long of a silence as Norrington works up his courage.
Murtogg shakes his head -- neither does he.
Suddenly the wind dies, and the flag goes limp.
ON THE EDGE OF TOWN: A CARIBE WOMAN feeds clucking chickens, frowns when they all suddenly go quiet ...  IN THE VILLAGE: A weather vane moves slightly in the wind.
Jack flips the knife and hands it hilt-first to Murtogg - and that's when he spots - The MEDALLION.
Elizabeth is more angry than frightened.
An armed search party moves along the street.
The forge is dark, lit   by lanterns.
Jack attacks.
Villagers panic, run for cover, dodge flying debris as best they can.
Will slides back the doors of the forge -- A woman runs past, chased by a ONE-ARMED PIRATE wearing a yellow bandeau.
Elizabeth ducks down in horror, peering through the balusters.
Suddenly Pintel looks up, and locks eyes with Elizabeth.
Estrella is right behind her, terrified.
The key ring is nearly within Jack's reach -- suddenly, the dog's attention goes to the door into the cell block.
Elizabeth, more terrified than ever, cannot look away from his eyes.
Swann's worry has made him short-tempered.
Will shakes it.
Will steels himself, steps into the boat as if its going to capsize with the slightest movement.
Suddenly, Jack and Will jump out, into the open - brandishing pistols.
She is suddenly aware of Barbossa's gaze -- and that he is not eating.
Elizabeth huddles in the far corner of the cabin, terrified.
The sound of RAIN pounds down on the deck above - - then suddenly stops.
Barbossa grasps the rail with both hands, his expression a mixture of loathing and fear.
Pintle takes the stone knife from the chest, approaches her.
Pintle raises the knife ...  ... and then very carefully, daintily, uses just the sharp tip of the knife to just prick!
Barbossa approaches the chest, shining in the beam of moonlight.
Suddenly, a scabbard comes down, right above her.
They race off, toward a bit of moonlight - The three climb up a dark crevasse that leads out onto the island.
Suddenly Jack stops.
The middle of the night.
Elizabeth lays her head on his shoulder.
Isla de Muerta lay dark and menacing on the horizon.
Jack shakes off the hands holding him, strolls toward Barbossa, Will, and the chest of coins.
The Pintel-skeleton puts a knife between his teeth, starts to crawl up the iron rings.
Puts away his knife.
A weird mechanical sound rises above the whining of the wind.
Luke clicks off his transmitter and reins back on his nervous lizard.
Luke takes a small device from his belt and starts to adjust it when suddenly a large shadow falls over him from behind.
He falls unconscious into the snow and in a moment the terrified screams of the Tauntaun are cut short by the horrible snap of a neck being broken.
She shivers in the cold wind as, nearby, Chewie sits with his head in his hands.
But Han's concern is with Luke, and he shakes him urgently.
Then she turns on her heel and walks out, leaving everyone in the room slightly dumbstruck.
Suddenly, in the distance, the muffled sound of an alarm is heard.
The long line of Rebel controllers is tense, as are Princess Leia and General Rieekan, who are trying very hard not to show any fear.
They are nervous and their grip on their weapons tightens from the cold and from fear.
Luke's speeder moves in formation with Rogue Two, when suddenly Zev's speeder is hit by a laser bolt.
Luke struggles with the controls with a look of terror on his face.
A worried Leia observes their efforts.
He rides along with only the soft hum of the instruments to break the silence.
Suddenly, a loud thump hits the side of the Falcon, causing it to lurch radically.
Chewie barks in terror as a slightly smaller asteroid comes especially close - to close - and bounces off the Falcon with a loud crunch.
Artoo, riding on the back of the fighter, turns his head back and forth with some anxiety.
Suddenly, there is a cracking sound as if limbs were being broken off trees and then a tremendous jolt as the spacecraft stops.
Suddenly, through the thick fog layer, a dark shape appears, moving toward the little droid.
The head is bald with a mass of ugly scar tissue covering it.
Suddenly, the ship lurches again, throwing Leia across the cabin into Han's arms.
Then, abruptly, the motion stops as suddenly as it started.
Artoo screeches in terror.
Suddenly, Threepio appears in the doorway, speaking excitedly.
The admiral is scared, his face white as a sheet.
A heavy downpour of rain pounds through the gnarled trees.
It is very dark inside the huge asteroid cave, too dark to see what is attacking the ship.
Suddenly, a row of jagged white stalagmites and stalactites can be seen surrounding the entrance.
The Falcon races out of the asteroid crater and into the deadly rain of the asteroid storm.
His helmet-encased head flies from his shoulders as his body disappears into the darkness.
Across the space, the standing Luke gasps at the sight, wide-eyed in terror.
It rises a few feet, shaking under the strain.
Soon, the fighter rises above the water and moves forward as Artoo beeps in terror and scoots away.
Nearby Artoo watches, humming to himself, when suddenly he, too, rises into the air.
Luke suddenly becomes distressed.
Leia looks worried.
Han turns to the worried princess and her droid.
Standing at his side and slightly behind him is Boba Fett, the bounty hunter.
The stark room is flooded with hot light.
The guards hit Han with their rifle butts and he flies across the room.
Realizing what is about to happen, Chewie lets out a wild howl and attacks the stormtroopers surrounding Han.
From the instant of Chewie's first move, Threepio begins to scream in panic while he tries to protect himself with his one arm.
Lando's hand instinctively goes to his throat as he turns to Leia, Chewie, and Threepio.
Taking the stormtroopers' weapons from them, Lobot hands one to Leia and one to Lando.
There he sprawls on the floor, surprised and shaken.
Suddenly, Vader attacks so forcefully that Luke loses his balance and falls back into the opening.
He deflects it.
A fierce wind blows into the room, unmoving, stands the dark, rocklike figure of Vader.
Suddenly, a short beep turns into a wild scream.
Lando, Leia, Artoo, and Chewie flee down the corridor.
In a panic, Cloud City residents are trying to get out of the city.
Suddenly, the control panel lights up.
Admiral Piett and another captain glance at Vader in terror.
He crouches down.
He suddenly gets worried.
Anthony and Bob stand back, nervous.
Dignan tries not to yell, then suddenly he's OK and relieved.
Her expression is angry and also a little scared.
They're nervous.
There's a police car parked across the street and another pulling over, lights rolling.
He shakes his head without looking up.
Dignan sounds dead serious: Bob waits for a nervous moment.
Dignan and Bob are still asleep.
She shakes it.
Sickened.
Suddenly there's a loud crunching, grinding sound.
They shake hands and start back to the room.
He falls on one knee.
They shake.
They shake.
They shake hands.
Kumar suddenly stands up and unbuttons his shirt.
Anthony gets nervous.
Dignan and Bob shake hands.
Applejack and Dignan drive fast through a slalom course in a deserted parking lot.
Mr. Henry and Applejack shake hands.
Anthony gets up and starts out across the parking lot, hands in his pockets, not too quickly.
They stop.
Applejack falls to his knees.
They go out the front door, across the parking lot.
He looks terrified.
Anthony and Bob look all around in a panic.
Rae peeks over Ronnie's shoulder at Gill with an expression of dread.
Rae sees the fear in his eyes.
She swallows her own anxiety and nods.
Afraid of his swelling emotion, Ronnie quickly breaks away from her. Rae watches as her love leaves in Gill's pick-up.
She stops.
Her middle finger begins to scratch at her thigh repeatedly -- a nervous habit that has always accompanied this burning sensation that consumes her.
She is dizzy with anxiety.
Rae's chest begins to heave with deep breaths.
He grips Deke's throat and holds the broken bottle up to his face.
His own blood leaks from between his fingers.
He squeezes his eyes closed as the liquor burns his throat.
He gently cradles the guitar in his big hands and sits at his kitchen table.
Gill's truck flies down the dark road.
He opens the truck door, fear in his eyes.
Blood is on her face.
She falls to the dark pavement in a tangle of her own limbs.
Ronnie is asleep on the bus, unaware that his watch alarm in beeping at him.
Lazarus has fallen asleep sitting at his kitchen table.
Laz looks scared as the coughing stops in a desperate wheeze followed by silence.
Fear hits him.
This is no dream -- it's a nightmare.
Rae flinches awake from the fever-induced nightmare and falls to the wooden floor, drenched in sweat.
Weakened and shaking, she scampers away, finally collapsing in the kitchen.
Rae's eyes are open and filled with fear.
Laz clutches her small face in his dark hands.
Lazarus looks terrified as she cranes her head back and forward.
He stops.
In a panic, Laz opens his Bible, places it down on the drive, face up, creating a barrier to evil.
Rae is fighting for breath beyond the dark door.
As he reads, the fear vanishes from his face.
Her body shakes from the freezing water.
Rae's shivering is abating.
Rae jolts awake, terror pervades her as she gasps at the fire ball outside the window.
To the left of the vehicle, a few soldier's bodies lay scattered.
Rae crawls across a fallen soldier, following the sound of Ronnie's alarm.
Laz backs away from her, a touch of fear in his heart.
Rae begins to feel a pang of panic.
The fear can be seen in her eyes.
The fear in Laz's face is replaced with a grin as he watches his radiator hold firm.
Her knees and hands are scraped and bleeding.
CRASH!
He crosses into the kitchen to hide by the sink.
The glass of water is touching her chest.
The anxiety is too much.
The burning has started: deep gasps, itching, anxiety.
Suddenly the front door swings open.
The rifle feels suddenly strange to him.
He remains motionless, fearful and alone.
She looks over at Laz who is aware of her anxiety.
She feels a sudden rush of fear as she struggles to answer R.L.'s question.
Ronnie manages a few swallows.
He surrenders.
She is fascinated and fearful.
Fear spreads across Rae's face.
She gasps in terror, clutching Laz's leg.
Suddenly aware of the rising burn, Rae grits her teeth.
Her shoulders slump, her chest vibrates.
Rae looks out the window, a touch of fear.
She sobs into his chest as he carries her through the onlookers.
She is sobbing into his chest, blind to all around her. Ronnie freezes in shock as Laz approaches.
Rae is holding her knees to her chest in the tub.
She turns to see Laz entering the dark room with the maroon guitar case.
Rae's anxiety is hitting her.
Suddenly emotion hits him.
Laz is still asleep.
With her eyes closed and Laz playing, neither can see Ronnie creeping up from the kitchen with his gun.
The gun begins to shake in his hand.
A severe attack is on the rise as he listens to Laz.
Ronnie looks like a scared five year old having an asthma attack.
Ronnie hides his face in his hands.
Angela sees that Rae is nervous.
An attack is coming over Ronnie.
Fear comes to Rae's face as she notices her middle finger scratching at the back of Ronnie's neck.
The anxiety is gone.
Suddenly Dennis climbs up onto the fire escape railing, armed with only an axe, and JUMPS across to the next metal balcony.
A ballsy, dangerous move.
A beat later he reemerges on the balcony with a terrified, smudged little girl.
But suddenly everything is happening very fast in slow motion: -- Brian can see Adcox testing the ceiling with a pike pole as Brian steps forward, under the power of a flame that beckons him as -- Dennis suddenly THROWS his body against Adcox, knocking him clear just as a flame EXPLODES DOWNWARD from the ceiling fully against him as -- All the building's windows BLOW OUT and it's like the sky's erupted for Brian, a burning hailstorm that falls and pelts the ground around him.
On Brian's reaction A Porsche knifes through darkened streets.
Brian suddenly hits the brakes, SCREECHING to a stop.
SCREECH.
Tim and three guys from his ladder company, come up an extended aerial ladder, CRASH through a window and begin HACKING their way toward Brian's company as -- BOOM! It's a sudden, shattering vibration that shakes the building to its foundations.
Santos is panicking, losing his grip.
Brian burns at that and shakes his brother's arm off.
Faint.
The paramedics suddenly stop their efforts.
Doubled-over, one arm on the brick wall for support, we see the raw terror.
And he walks back to the burned building.
Brian sighs and pulls out the pike poles, starts across the floor before freezing suddenly at a murderous GROWL.
He blows out a long, tired breath, and begins working ointment into an anciently scarred and battered knee.
The ALARM KLAXON suddenly sounds.
The klaxon suddenly rings.
He cracks up.
Brian reads with horror as Alderman Swayzak appears beside him.
Dark and still.
Everyone grows suddenly silent.
Brian's alone outside, cleaning the diesel fuel off his arms.
Watches.
It's a bitch.
Stephen stops suddenly.
Brian can feel the panic rising in his throat.
It BUCKS suddenly, DROPPING Brian to his knee.
Stephen walks through the creepy, brutalized silence.
Rimgale silences Brian with a threatening hand.
Rimgale suddenly stands and approaches Ronald.
Drops it.
Everybody turns at the voice and the air suddenly chills.
Helen, Stephen's ex-wife, is sitting at her kitchen when she looks up suddenly at a strange sound coming from the roof.
An AIR HORN blows, and suddenly the skyline is MOVING.
Swayzak suddenly appears with his entourage.
On cue something snakes past behind the walls, whispers and whines and shivers up and over them and then is silent.
Obsessed.
Watching.
And before either of them realizes it, they're suddenly pulling out into the street and WAILING off down the block.
Jennifer turns away in horror.
Brian shoulders his way through the emergency room.
Brian shakes Grindle off and walks away.
For the first time, Rimgale sees real fear on Swayzak's face.
Stretches luxuriously and attacks savagely.
It's dark as they enter.
Suddenly the room's dimensions are there in frantic, strobing shadows.
They STRUGGLE.
The arsonist smiles a creepy, horrible grin.
A CAR Suddenly CUTS the truck company off.
Brian looks up at the smoke and whirling firestorm four stories above him, feels the bile of fear in his throat, the desperation, -- And begins strapping on an air tank.
Grindle and Santos feel the roof go suddenly spongy beneath them.
Brian helps Stephen as they snake their way past sweating drums -- pressure valves hissing madly with desperation.
Brian stands there, paralyzed, as the fire laughs at him.
A beat.
Instead, he watches in wide-eyed horror as a SNAKE SLITHERS ACROSS HIS LAP.
Everyone holds their breath, afraid to make another move.
He lands hard, with a SPLASH into a vat of water...  where he finds himself eye- to-eye with an The head of this snake is so damn big, it looks more like a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
INDY jumps back in horror...  only to land with a SQUISH into the SNAKE VAT.
Engulf him.
Suddenly he looks worried as he frantically reaches into his shirt, REMOVES A SNAKE FROM and tosses it away.
Things get even more serious when Roscoe PULLS A KNIFE. ...  THE FEROCIOUS BLACK RHINO is becoming extremely agitated by the commotion going on atop his cage.
INDY's eyes take a moment to adjust to the dark.
The boxcar walls shake.
He struggles to his feet, managing to avoid the giant fuel drums sliding across the deck around him.
He shakes hands with INDY.
BRODY and DONOVAN shake hands.
Suddenly a WOMAN comes up to him.
Dark and dank.
INDY moves forward through the rat-infested water as ELSA follows, still gasping in horror.
She gasps once again, terrified.
The rats are beginning to force their way inside, swimming through the water and climbing on ELSA, who squirms and screams in terror.
It FIRES.
ELSA can barely hear INDY over the noise of the motor.
He is worried for her, knocks and calls out: He steps into the room and knocks upon the bathroom door.
NAZI VOICES ARE HEARD approaching.
INDY winces, and would interrupt but suddenly it's not the moment.
The room is dark.
As they struggle they fall against the rotating wall and disappear into the next room, leaving a frightened HENRY behind.
INDY looks pleased as he drives the motorbike along the road, but HENRY appears worried.
INDY approaches the barricade from one direction as one of the NAZI SOLDIERS approaches from a higher road.
But INDY looks out the window and is suddenly concerned when he sees: rushing across the tarmac toward the Zeppelin.
Vogel shakes his fist at the rising Zeppelin.
Suddenly the wheel moves forward, startling the Old Man.
A NAZI SOLDIER approaches.
The Soldier falls, discharging the gun into the air.
looks down at the fast-approaching cliff, his face filled with horror.
Suddenly the FEDORA, borne on the wind, BLOWS INTO SCENE and lands at INDY's feet.
And sense the danger.
She looks at him, horrified.
reacts.
He appears to be held up by thin air as he lands on his hands and knees.
His skeletal hands reach for ELSA's throat, choking her.
She screams.
They THUNDER through the canyonwhose towering walls threaten to collapse upon them.
Beat.
But his indecision darkens his tired eyes with stress.
A beat.
Ghosts.
He suddenly stands, takes a deep breath and gets control.
Scared, she hears her parents' voices through the wall.
He sees disguised scars on her face.
The scars of pain in her eyes.
She holds him, lays her head against his chest.
The momentum builds until knife scars on Brooke's body are revealed.
His satnav sounds bizarrely loud, suddenly: Snow outside.
Brooke suddenly jumps out from behind the kitchen door.
Her terror.
She weeps, reveals her damaged knife SCARRED body to him.
She suddenly lunges for him, starts to punch him.
To Vaughn this now has the quality of a nightmare.
A slightly uneven SQUEAK approaches.
Cy is suddenly more wary of him.
They shake hands.
Panic starts to show itself in Cy's face.
Mo's suddenly killing himself laughing.
Cy's breathing in the dark.
Mo stands, suddenly, and comes over to Cy quickly.
Cy mimes cranking a camera and makes camera noises.
The running footsteps suddenly stop.
Austen attacks him, but Jaden restrains him.
Austen storms out of the room.
He exits suddenly.
It's dark already, and cold.
A shadow crosses Jaden's face.
And now suddenly we see what he's capable of.
Fear overcomes Austen's arrogance.
Austen sees a shadow cross Jaden's face as Jaden remembers In washed-out, high grain: Jaden necks and smooches with a black girl called LYCIA.
Jaden suddenly leaves the sink and goes into the Jaden grabs the Mac off Austen again.
Scared, Austen's looks up at him suddenly from his bed, where he plays Call of Duty on a TV console.
His gun.
But he over and over - blood pouring from his punctured chest.
Incrimination.
So now we 47 | P a g e Jaden crouches down in the darkness, blood on his hands, blood on his shirt, blood on his cut torso, blood on his soul.
He's scared, but totally in awe of Jaden.
She is afraid.
50 | P a g e They approach the school.
He winces.
His gun.
Dead.
Nicholas is a mass of cuts, sores, burns and untreated wounds.
He whimpers as he does this.
His body shakes.
Then she collapses.
He REACTS.
He is sick with stress.
He manages to walk up the steps.
She steps backwards from it, as if dreading what might be approaching it.
She puts her hand across her slightly swollen belly.
It sounds weird.
She pushes him away in panic.
Her world has become a nightmare.
She SUDDENLY grabs an ornament from the dresser near her.
She changes.
She starts to pound him with the ornament, which breaks.
He reaches the door, grabs it with a bloody hand as we His face scarred, Uri sits among the instruments of torture.
His thin face is haunted by addiction.
Caleb sprawls, and then manages to stand as Shona attacks him.
He misses.
82 | P a g e Still her eyes on the gun.
Losing it, he suddenly goes to her, grabs her and drags her to the settee.
She shakes her head no.
She can see his prison tats and scars on his neck.
Her war.
Her hell.
He heads out of the room quickly and goes into the Caleb goes through cupboards - fast.
He runs out of the room and heads Caleb runs up the stairs onto the landing, his gun up.
He hears a noise from the He runs in, sees her trying to make a call on her mobile.
But she manages to keep on her feet and run out of the room.
He 86 | P a g e The bullet THUDS into the wall by her as she sprints onto the Shona emerges from the bedroom and rushes down the stairs, her left hand holding her wounded and bleeding right shoulder.
She puts the knife down.
Bizarre.
She holds a kitchen towel against it, which is SOAKED in dark red blood.
This BUILDS until Shona's eyes suddenly OPEN.
Caleb suddenly stands, pushing the chair back.
She's shaking and sweating with pain from her wounded shoulder.
Lightning fast, she POUNDS her index and first fingers into his EYES, blinding him.
Reluctantly she Forces herself to FOCUS, to hold the drugs back as she 92 | P a g e The back of his neck with the side of her fist.
Her face bears the scars.
Chaos.
Then: Szpilman and Dorota stroll along a tree-lined street with bombed-out buildings and rubble.
They stop.
Jewish policemen and German soldiers are clearing a space, shoving Jews out of the way, including Szpilman, Henryk and the nervous man.
Uneasy.
Szpilman approaches the house through a shabby yard.
The noise of a mimeograph machine.
Dark, shabby, run-down.
The family is frozen with horror, remain seated.
Szpilman snaps out of his reverie, seeing, across the heads of the customers, Halina, in a state of great anxiety, beckoning urgently.
The wall itself is spattered with blood.
Then, suddenly: A Jewish policeman grabs Szpilman by his collar and pulls him back out of the police cordon.
Szpilman catches his breath by a building.
Desolation.
Szpilman steps across the bodies.
Chaos.
Szpilman suddenly stops work.
But he's frightened of alerting the German policemen and the foremen.
Suddenly: The column halts before a young SS man, wild-eyed, with his sleeves rolled up and wielding a pistol.
A swarm of Russian bombers.
Szpilman tries to untie the string, but he's too terrified and can't manage it.
Szpilman is terrified, trying as surreptitiously as possible to cover his hidden package with his hands.
A moment of danger.
A rickshaw carrying Szpilman and Bogucki travels along the dark streets.
Dark, shadowy.
He hands over a scrap of paper, shakes Szpilman's hand and goes quickly.
He shuts his eyes and is instantly asleep.
Szpilman still fast asleep.
Stillness.
Szpilman asleep on the divan.
The building begins to burn.
The noise of a key in the door.
The building burning.
The building burns.
He manages to rise.
He shakes hands with Szpilman.
Szpilman asleep on the sofa.
In whispers: Szalas and Szpilman shake hands.
Szpilman suddenly winces with pain.
The pedestrians have scattered except for the old man, gasping for breath, hobbling on his walking stick, who eventually manages to disappear inside a building.
Suddenly, the man and woman begin to run.
Then, he hears voices outside his door, shouts, footsteps, panic.
In panic, he runs back to the window.
His eyes grow wide with terror.
The whole building shakes.
He climbs through the gap, on to the roof at the back of the building.
More shots.
Then, dropping down, he crawls across the road on his stomach, threading his way through the dead bodies, now besieged by flies, and makes for the hospital opposite.
He manages to drag himself on to it.
The bodies burn.
He's in pain.
Ominous.
Dark, shadowy.
Szpilman wakes suddenly.
Szpilman, a shadow, a spectre, creeps down the stairs.
Szpilman, overcome by relief, can barely catch his breath.
Szpilman, listening and shivering with cold.
Szpilman shivers with cold.
The woman is terrified.
Four men walk together and when they come to a narrow junction, stop, seeing something Behind barbed wire, German prisoners of war, guarded by Russian soldiers.
A RUSSIAN GUARD, inside the compound, approaches, grabs hold of the German Captain.
Zack mimics the OPENING MUSIC to "Dark Shadows."
Zack picks up his book, starts to read, affects a shiver.
They shake hands.
A beat.
A beat.
bee-bops to the bathroom door.
She watches him.
Blood trickles.
Suddenly, the MUSIC STOPS.
Constance wakes with a jolt, sweating.
A beat.
A beat.
A guard approaches.
A beat.
He shakes his head no.
sits beside him, lightly shakes his shoulder.
She approaches the middle of the room.
She panics.
She shakes her head no.
A beat.
A beat.
The house is dark.
A beat.
There's a KNOCK on the window -- it's the police.
The guard approaches.
A beat.
It catches rain; its letters run.
A beat.
Rain shadows run down their faces.
A beat.
The foot moves ever so slightly.
Bitsey starts to pull slightly at the cuffs.
Bitsey panics, fights like hell against the cuffs.
A beat.
Bitsey goes quickly to the VCR and puts in the tape -- hands shaking.
A beat.
A beat.
He goes a couple of steps toward Constance's body and stops, facing her.
He closes his eyes.. Pitch dark.
Julien panics!
A beat.
Blood flows from his nose.
Sami is suddenly self-conscious of it.
Sami shakes him.
A beat.
A beat.
Agent Hadley kicks Wayne in the chest.
A beat.
He stops.
Raymond is nervous.
Cars collide.
Sami appears nervous as he sits off to the side.
He shakes his.
A beat.
His face fills with fear as he sees...  AGENT HADLEY'S POV -- Daniel, Marcel, Raymond and Zero are on the other side, their guns pointed at Hadley's head.
Marcel hands the frightened girl to her mother, then moves over to the door that joins with the crews.
A beat.
Lamar gets up, looks at the bag, pretends to be panicked.
A beat.
Suddenly we hear Wayne Newton singing "Danke Schoen."
It's a massacre!
He lays in the middle of the street, dead.
But behind that smile, around his dark eyes, in his gaunt cheeks, one can see the ominous stains caused by a life of private fear, emptiness and loneliness.
Travis is now drifting in and out of the New York City night life, a dark shadow among darker shadows.
The rain also falls on the street bums and aged poor.
Suddenly: Cut of the congested human mass, IN SLOWING MOTION, appears the slender figure of BETSY in a stylish yellow dress.
Betsy is walking down a midtown street when Travis suddenly appears before her.
Tom, by far the taller and stronger, quickly overcomes Travis, wrenching his arm behind his back.
C.U. YOUNG PASSENGER's face: it is gaunt, drained of blood, full of fear and anger.
It is a monster.
There is a long scar across his left side.
With each blasting discharge from the Magnum, Travis' body shudders and shakes, his arm as if each recoil from the giant gun was a direct attack on his masculinity.
The Jungle.
He straps an Army combat knife to his calf and cuts a slit in his jeans where the knife can be pulled out quickly.
The STICK-UP MAN is nervous, hopped-up, or both; he bounces on the balls of his cheap worn black tennis shoes -- a strung-out junkie on a desperation ride.
A police car stops across the street.
TRAVIS turns the corner when SKREETCH! he suddenly hits the brakes, causing the cab to rock back and forth.
TRAVIS sits parked in the dark shadows of a side street.
TRAVIS, seeing this, jumps up in panic.
The CROWDS are more sparse here, the streets darker.
Blood flows over his left shoulder.
There is a thick scar on the left side of his neck.
Ruiz FIRES the gun under the desk which hits Gordon full in the chest, knocking him backwards.
They wait while their eyes adjust.
He has a crush.
Robert and Landry shake hands.
A cinderblock house.
Suddenly, he clutches his chest and begins to twitch.
It's anarchy.
Suddenly -- Castro and Gordon looks at each other.
Caroline stops suddenly.
They approach the front desk which is behind six inches of glass.
Suddenly there's a POUNDING on the door.
Helena wakes up in the middle of the night with a start.
There have been other changes.
Robert rides in glum silence.
He turns a corner and is suddenly in a drive-thru drug market.
He takes careful aim from twelve feet away and is about to shoot Ruiz when a bullet hole appears in his chest.
Citizens run in all directions fearing a psychopath with an NRA card coming off a bad week of day-trading -- Gordon and Castro with Ruiz beneath them scan the streets.
Castro runs down the street for the court parking lot.
We're in the desert.
The lighter and foil fall from his hands.
The Strange Man who both threatened Helena's child and executed Francisco sits in another chair.
The house is darkened.
He is dead.
The house is dark and silent.
CLOSE ON: Sampson trying to quell his rising panic.
SUDDENLY: BANG! Gregory and Sampson jump.
Suddenly, a blood curdling screech of tires - the sedan, rubber burning, reverses full speed toward Sampson and Gregory.
Terror stricken, he sees the boys.
A panicked Benvolio falls back, accidentally his gun fires - the bullet whistles past Tybalt's head.
Benvolio screams a scream of mortal horror.
SUDDENLY Tybalt is blinded by a burning shaft of light.
Sore, red, unfriendly eyes squint back at Benvolio.
Romeo sinks the other balls with his hands.
His entire face a tattooed shooting target, the bullseye between his eyes.
Dark floating hair gently frames the face.
Suddenly the Nurse's face leers into shot.
Suddenly the darkness is slashed by headlights.
Suddenly, Mercutio is upon Romeo.
Suddenly, Romeo pulls away.
Suddenly, CRASH!
Suddenly: A gasp, Juliet's eyes widen, shocked.
She stops him.
Suddenly a harsh light falls across the entwined couple.
Caught in the jam of departing vehicles, Mercutio's car crawls along the bridge that links Capulet island with the mainland.
Suddenly the back of the house explodes with light.
Alerted by the noise he moves toward the pool area.
Then Juliet, suddenly fearful, pushes Romeo away.
A shadow falls across them.
Juliet races down a dark stairwell that leads to the bowels of the house.
Suddenly he stops dead - a monstrous black sedan prowls into the beach side parking lot.
Suddenly, Mercutio appears running full tilt down the concrete terrace.
Lightning fast, Mercutio jackknifes to his feet.
Romeo starts to register the panic in Mercutio's eyes.
He screams in horror, as if falling in the dark: Mercutio staggers down the stairs and collapses in the dirt.
The gale-force winds throw waves across the causeway as the fugitives disappear into the black afternoon.
His wound has been bandaged and Balthasar crouches frightened in the corner.
HOLD: A shadow of fear passes across Romeo's features.
With a cry of panic, he sits bolt upright.
Juliet is suddenly still.
Fear passes across Gloria's face.
Capulet - a dangerous calm.
Juliet, terrified, retreats into the hallway.
She huddles, shaking at the top of the stairs.
Juliet, shaking with sobs takes refuge in the shadows of the small room.
Horrified, Father Laurence moves to her.
Juliet, panicked, levels the gun at him.
Suddenly, a knock at her door.
Juliet drinks, a sudden violent convulsion, her face contorts in fear.
Sixty something, he has a face scarred with age and abuse.
Father Laurence is worried.
The chapel is dark.
Forcing herself up, she cradles his head in her arms.
He is still.
A wash of deep red blood floods across them both.
Then suddenly, the lights blink out.
Panic erupts as air, paper and everything not belted in screams out of the open door, including -- -- James Earl Jones, still holding Pasqual in a bear hug.
Natalie whips the boat around, catching him as he helplessly drops into the seats, still bound, still scared out of his wits.
-- Bosley, as "Luka, the Bad Ass Pimp," bitch-slaps a couple of "ho's" -- actually Dylan and Alex -- then winks at them as unsuspecting drug dealers back off, scared.
Closing her eyes, she prays...
They both breathe a sigh of relief.
She hangs up.
What the hell was that?
Rubs his chest a bit, trying to get the transmitter down.
A big glop of chocolate shake lands on the keyboard.
He suddenly realizes Natalie is waiting for him.
And again as she rises up past his chest.
He crab-walks back, then suddenly springs back to his feet.
Suddenly, everyone stops what they're doing and turns to the door.
The canister drops into the flames from above, suddenly venting a HISSING cloud of halon gas.
Running with the tuba, Bosley stops for a moment to catch his breath, hands on his knees.
A beat.
He FIRES.
It hits the next turn too fast, rising up too high along the wall.
The freaked out guy can't slow down in time.
He tosses her the panic button.
The noise scares the bird, who suddenly flies off.
Suddenly, they hear a creaking sound.
Her Spider Sense is tingling.
the bullet misses Dylan and slams into the bulletproof window causing a spider-web crack to spread.
Bosley flits about in a panic.
He watches a few moments of E! As the Thin Man takes the tray away, Bosley suddenly attacks him with the silverware.
Suddenly the door flies open and -- With a glare to Dylan, the Thin Man follows him out.
She hears him.
She misses.
When suddenly, the door to the luxury box is flung open.
She stamps on his hand, then drops a knee to his throat.
The Thin Man shakes his head "no."
Knox fires, hitting Charlie in the chest.
With that, he hangs up.
The room is getting darker.
Nervous that LARRY will return and see what she's doing, JULIA is going through the photographs.
He's unshaven; his eyes are dark, and intense.
She doesn't resist him, though there is barely disguised fear on her face.
Suddenly, she's afraid.
JULIA's face registers horror and disbelief.
Further hysteria.
She stops.
Suddenly, a voice from the floor below.
Sitting alone at one of the tables is a middle-aged man by the name of PRUDHOE, a nervous, slightly paunchy individual.
Suddenly, PRUDHOE's at her side.
He's so nervous he can barely speak.
She is still very nervous, fumbling with the keys.
JULIA closes the door He approaches her:  his gestures made slightly clumsy by the alcohol he's drunk.
She presses him off her.
He doesn't fall, but the blow sends blood down the back of his shirt.
Suddenly, a sound from downstairs.
She lays the body down.
He hears a noise above.
Then she crosses to the mirror and tries to erase the signs of panic.
Suddenly he reaches out and catches hold of her arm.
Suddenly, blood begins to seep through the shroud, beginning at the head - eyes and mouth - then spreading across the body.
We glimpse only a moment of what'd beneath: a naked body, scarlet and shining with blood from head to foot.
She looks down at the sheet she's snatched from the bed, and drops it in horror.
FRANK stands in the corner of the room, breathing softly in the shadows.
Blood is starting to flow.
The thunder shakes the house.
Lightning floods the room.
She registers horror.
JULIA makes a moan of horror, which LARRY takes as enthusiasm.
The room is covered in blood.
The same slowed, soundless horror, as SYKES reaches the door.
The flesh is hanging off his face; his eyes bulge in terror.
It tears.
He howls.
His  attack stops.
The sound-track whines; the image threatens to be eclipsed by darkness.
And suddenly, she wakes.
JULIA is very nervous now; desperate even.
Suddenly, a click.
What's to fear?
KIRSTY's expression registers this horror.
KIRSTY's face floods with relief.
He stops.
Lights burn in the house, upstairs and down.
We've seen her in many moods through the story:  now we see a mingling of fear and exhilaration on her face.
The door is suddenly opened.
There is blood at his neck and hairline.
KIRSTY is dumb with horror at her situation.
There is blood everywhere.
Blood flows.
The lights in the hallway flicker, and threaten to go out.
Suddenly, JULIA is behind her, gripping hold of her hair.
She reels back from the box, terrified, backing into the shadows.
KIRSTY's eyes are wild with terror.
He is sweating with terror.
He breaks between the CENOBITES, knife in hand, but as he comes within striking distance the air is full of whining sounds and he stops dead.
The knife drops from his hand.
He suddenly stops fighting.
There stands the CENOBITE in the dark-glasses, carrying the hooked rod he threatened STEVE with in the hospital.
JULIA's body has gone from the hallway;  a trail of blood leads into the dining room.
Light suddenly pours from it, up into KIRSTY's face.
Bob pulls Jack's head back into his chest.
They shake.
People panic.
The side of the plane SHEARS OFF!  Screaming PASSENGERS are sucked out into the night air, flying past the quivering wind.
A small building in the middle of a concrete parking lot.
A BOMB-SHELTER.
Jack spasms with a shiver of pain...  Tyler shows Jack a LYE-BURNED KISS SCAR on his own hand.
Bass stares with a tinge of outrage, a tinge of fear.
Blood starts to trickle.
They fight.
We SEE a CARD - it shows passengers SCREAMING and FLAILING ABOUT IN TERROR.
Jack follows, freaked.
A beat.
Blood flies.
As Angel Face replaces the file, Jack notices -- a LYE- BURNED KISS-SCAR on the back of Angel Face's hand.
Jack answers it...  Jack, in a panic, HANGS UP.
BLOOD flies out from his head.
The back of TYLER'S HEAD is BLOWN OPEN, revealing blood, skull and brain.
8/4/1993 and James Cameron 2nd Revision by Joseph Goldmari and James Cameron and John Brancato -------- Third Revision by James Cameron based on screenplays by Ted Newsom & John Brancato, Barney Cohen and Joseph Goldman 7/29/1993 A mighty WARNING KLAXON assaults our ears.
A SPIDER crawls across a DIAL.
suddenly thrust themselves into the CHAMBER and begin working, each at a different task.
The WEIGHT begins to jiggle and, for an instant, it appears to lift ever so slightly.
WEINER has his eyes closed and his hands over his ears.
ROSOMORF peeps in, worried -- faces Thorkel.
Peter looks worried then leaves.
We see the SPIDER crawling on the chamber's GEAR.
He shoots out a WALDO to try and crush it but the SPIDER is too fast.
He sends TWO WALDOS after the SPIDER.
The SPIDER evades him and jumps onto the PROFESSOR's back.
OCK, his hair wild, face locked in a multi-G grimace, is pinned halfway up a wall that is showering the room with We see clearly the SPIDER still stuck to his neck.
The big beast buffets and shakes.
Suddenly he stops dead.
OCK lays face up, unconscious on the floor, a WALDO across his chest.
The SPIDER is weaving its web.
Suddenly Weiner sees Suddenly one of the waldos hits him so strongly that he flies back and out through the door to the corridor.
He hears the police sirens approaching, he runs away.
"Nuclear accidents?"
PAN up to the SPIDER, GLOWING softly, dangling from a SHIMMERING STRAND above PETER.
As PETER looks out at the STRETCHER, the SPIDER drops on his neck.
The sweat is gone.
He opens his eyes and sees that he's hanging onto the side of the building like a spider.
These seasoned professionals are astonished and frightened.
With the agility of a spider, SPIDEY leaps out of the way.
Not realizing his own strength and panicky about being squashed, SPIDER-MAN throws CRUSHER COLE off him and up into the air.
SPIDER-MAN steps down from the right as REISS leads the PETER turns with REISS and comes face to face with CRUSHER COLE.
He hears a NOISE behind him and reacts.
SPIDER-MAN is clinging to the side of a WALL.
Suddenly he spots WEINER climbing onto his roof.
He hides.
WEINER turns, facing SPIDER-MAN.
SPIDER-MAN jumps and reaches WEINER.
SPIDER-MAN picks up WEINER, throws him up to an antenna above the building, to which WEINER clings desperately.
SPIDER-MAN circles the antenna.
SPIDER-MAN jumps to the CHIMNEY, picks WEINER up in his arms and whispers to him.
SPIDER-MAN jumps with WEINER in his arms to the edge of the roof.
They are his SPIDER-MAN shots.
Next to KIM is...  SPIDER-MAN!
LIZ moves to Flash, who's dressed in the SPIDER-MAN costume.
FLASH takes LIZ from PETER (SPIDER-MAN.).
A very scared WEINER hides, eyes widening.
Fearing the worst, SPIDEY gets out, looking for a ride.
He looks up to see SPIDEY go by, stuck to the side of the TRUCK like a spider.
She pulls the covers up around her chin in fear.
SPIDER-MAN is climbing it, trapped in the GLARE of the SEARCHLIGHT.
Every COP'S WEAPON is trained upward at SPIDER-MAN! GUNSHOTS erupt around SPIDER-MAN and he skitters around to evade them.
In the corner of his eye he sees SPIDER-MAN at a side WINDOW.
The frightened WEINER moves to the side WINDOW to blow SPIDEY away.
He reaches for the mask and SPIDER-MAN flips him across the room.
SPIDER-MAN flies above their heads, crashing through the WINDOW and disappears into the dark of night.
His SPIDER-MAN UNIFORM hangs on the WALL.
He hides his SPIDER-MAN COSTUME.
A SHADOW of a MAN can be seen hiding.
He does, too, and folds his WALDOS across his chest.
LIZ starts pressing KNOBS and LEVERS in panic.
A WARNING BELL clangs.
There, on the top of a tall building, is SPIDER-MAN.
But SPIDER-MAN'S not done yet.
He disappears.
But SPIDER-MAN has disappeared.
SPIDER-MAN lands on it.
This is the DRIVER of a DAILY BUGLE truck carrying the historically famous Bugle headline, "Spider-Man - Threat or Menace?"
The scared TEENAGER is tearing at the door.
SPIDER-MAN points it at the GLASS and hefts it.
SPIDER-MAN groggily pulls himself from the wreckage.
SPIDER-MAN swings high above it.
SPIDER-MAN leaps from CAR to CAR.
Her partner, a BIG, YOUNG COP, pulls his GUN.
OCK leaves the COP and attacks SPIDER-MAN, shooting his iron fist at him.
SPIDER-MAN comes out in time to see the Vette drive away.
SPIDER-MAN crawls to the top of the TRUCK and surveys the situation.
Suddenly, SPIDER-MAN spots a blue MG with its top up.
He swerves.
SPIDER-MAN jumps out of the car.
OCK comes flying out and SPIDER-MAN grabs a WALDO.
OCK recoils it and reacts in horror.
With a roar, OCK attacks SPIDER-MAN.
There is a capped WELL behind a WARNING SIGN.
Its weird light shines up at him.
Suddenly he catches FLASH with a WALDO and starts to choke him.
SPIDEY is recovering, working his neck.
And the legend Suddenly the lights dim.
A heavy noise.
They are frightened.
They watch it, shocked, frightened out of their wits.
Suddenly from OCK'S basement lab a BLUE BEAM of LIGHT breaks through.
The dreaded WHINE builds throughout!
Camera comes down to a street where ROZ is DRIVING SPIDER-MAN fast toward the ROZ looks out over the skyline of NEW YORK.
SPIDER-MAN massages his arm.
SPIDER-MAN SHOOTS out a WEB and flies toward the SCHOOL BUILDING taking ROZ with him.
SPIDER-MAN and ROZ enter, shielding their eyes from the GLARE.
ROZ staggers backward...  into the arms of SPIDER-MAN.
SPIDER-MAN attacks OCK, trying to push him away from the THROTTLE.
OCK pushes SPIDER-MAN away from him so strongly that SPIDER-MAN is knocked down.
It wraps around his FOOT and begins to tug, slowly...  OCK knocks SPIDER-MAN with a real BIG BLOW with his WALDO.
He and SPIDEY are at the edge of the HOLE and he's shaking SPIDEY furiously.
SPIDER-MAN THWIPS the ceiling and swings into a drop kick!
SPIDER-MAN falls through the air.
OCK shakes it, but he can't get loose.
SPIDER-MAN is right on his tail.
OCK turns to face SPIDER- MAN, his broken WALDOS out for BATTLE.
SPIDER-MAN holds on tight against a rushing ENERGY FLOW that's pulling everything in the room towards the POINT of LIGHT.
SPIDER-MAN is at the CONSOLE pulling and putting back WIRES.
Trying to leave it, LIZ and SPIDEY are confronted with a nightmare.
SPIDER-MAN tries to open the door, but it's stuck.
SPIDER-MAN bends his back to the task.
We PAN down and see, crumpled beneath the WINDOW, the SPIDER-MAN suit.
Shaken, Jack turns and retreats into the forest.
As North crosses the background, the elves lower the cookies from their mouths, their faces frozen in fear.
North leaps up -- draws a HUGE SCIMITAR from its sheath and A sea of tiny BELLS on the heads of panicking elves part as North's huge boots stomp through.
He pushes his way past a couple of his YETI WORKERS -- they're looking up in fear at - Covered with LIGHTS blanketing the continents.
Before the Yeti can finish, a WIND whips up from out of nowhere -- North stares in outrage as a blanket of SWIRLING BLACK SAND, crawls over the lights, and shrouds the ENTIRE GLOBE in inky DARKNESS-- The elves scurry in a panic, then all at once the BLACK SAND WHOOSHES UP off the Globe -- rushes up through the ceiling as the remaining sand bursts into a puff of smoke and dissipates into the air -- As the wind dies, the scattered pieces of debris settle to the ground, and the globes lights come back on, North whirls to see a HUGE SHADOW flash across the floors and curving walls of his fortress.
And suddenly everything stops.
Suddenly, North's emergency signal zips by.
A RUSSIAN BOY approaches a water fountain, turns the handle and moves in for a sip.
with his back turned suddenly gets a snowball to the back of the head, knocking him face first into the ground.
Suddenly we see Caleb struck in the side of the head with one of Jack's snowballs; Claude can't help but laugh.
Dread sets in amongst the other kids, Cupcake squints - gunslinger eyes.
Jamie is flat on his back, terrified.
The kids gasp in horror.
Jamie suddenly shoots out between the trees and careens past a set of parked cars.
Jamie looks back, then quickly ahead as terror comes into his eyes.
A sofa from the moving van suddenly knocks Jamie down...  There's a moment of silence as the kids wait to see if Jamie is okay.
A beat.
A stream of Dreamsand suddenly zips by behind him, then another, which swoops around in front of him.
Gleefully, he grabs the Nightmare's mane -- -- and sends it out the window, where it joins a posse of other Nightmares coursing through the streets.
Suddenly: WHOOSH!
The SHADOW flashes by, knocking over a trash can.
North clears his throat.
Two Yetis suddenly grab Jack by the shoulders and lift him up onto his feet.
North blows off the dust, opens it, and begins clearing his throat.
North suddenly moves to Jack's side.
The wind suddenly slams North's office door behind them.
North is standing in front of a shelf of Russian nesting dolls.
As North approaches, Jack looks down and drops the final Russian doll into the palm of North's hand.
Suddenly: the SOUND of POUNDING HOOVES.
The Yeti throws his hands up in a fit shaking his head no.
Bunny clutches the edge of his, terrified.
The sleigh suddenly comes out of HYPERDRIVE at the outskirts of the Tooth Palace.
Suddenly our heroes find themselves in the midst of mayhem, as hundreds of Nightmares and terrified Tooth Fairies jet past.
Jack now sees that the Nightmares are actually GULPING DOWN the fleeing fairies and flying off with them.
He opens his hand to reveal Baby Tooth, who's shaking with fear.
North readies his sword and SLICES the Nightmare in half -- SEVERAL TOOTH BOXES spill out of the split Nightmare and rain down into the sleigh at the Guardians' feet.
The Nightmare disintegrates into black sand.
Sandy looks at his hands and sees the Nightmare sand take shape and drift away.
The Guardians eyes fill with worry.
Jack flies in through the window when suddenly, a rabbit hole appears.
Their eyes widen and Tooth is suddenly panic stricken.
The SPY NIGHTMARE flies down into a dark cavernous space.
The Nightmare approaches from behind and lets out a soft whiney; Pitch stiffens at the news.
A strand of NIGHTMARE SAND from the Nightmare twirls in the air, and Pitch twists it with his fingers, turning it into a crude image of the SANDMAN.
A sudden COMMOTION.
Jamie is still sound asleep.
THUD! Bunny falls over asleep.
Sandy eyes suddenly widen.
There's a Nightmare behind Jack.
The Nightmare then veers up the wall of the alley and onto a ROOFTOP.
Jack can barely contain his excitement as he calls out to Sandy -- but suddenly Pitch lurches out from behind an air conditioning unit on the rooftop.
Before Pitch can finish a DREAMSAND STREAM whips around him, forcing him to duck and dodge Sandy's sudden attack.
Pitch shakes off the crash, trying to back up as Sandy touches down and moves toward him, Jack following.
Pitch cowers on the ground in fear as they approach.
Before Jack and Sandy can react, a Nightmare shoots up through a storm drain as several other Nightmares gather in the alley behind him.
Jack, worried, looks to Sandy and mutters...
Pitch's army of Nightmares begin to charge.
North's asleep at the wheel, along with Bunny and Tooth.
Suddenly, the sleigh clips one of its skis as it flies over City Hall, jolting North to attention.
Jack quickly orients himself and knocks an oncoming Nightmare with his staff.
Tooth suddenly flies into view through the swarm of Nightmares, slicing them apart with her wings, causing them to EXPLODE into BLACK SAND.
North stands, drawing both his scimitars, and dices the oncoming Nightmares to bits as they attack.
Jack heads back to the sleigh by dodging two Nightmares as they attack.
As he continues his descent, Jack is suddenly blind sided by another Nightmare, which knocks the staff from his hands.
For a moment, Jack is in a state of panic as he finds himself in free fall.
Sandy, his eyes filled with terror, falls to his knees as the patch of blackness continues to spread.
Pitch raises his hands and sends a massive wave of Nightmares toward Jack.
Jack quickly realizes that's he's in over his head as the attacking Nightmares begin to overtake him.
He's engulfed by Nightmares and there is nothing but silence.
A gust of wind blows past Pitch, quickly followed by a massive wave of ice and frost that rockets back up the stream of Nightmare sand toward him, culminating in an explosion of ice and snow.
Pitch shakes the FROST from his arms as scores of Nightmares swarm behind Pitch, regrouping after the blast.
There's a nervous tension in the room.
Baby Tooth looks to him, worried.
The cavern suddenly goes darker than it already was.
Jack rounds a corner as he sees Pitch's shadow glide across the walls into a shadowed corridor.
Panic flashes in Jack's eyes.
Pitch's shadow moves across the pillars of the cavern.
Pitch's face moves in and out of the shadows over the following.
The shadows have overcome Jack.
Terror comes into Jack's eyes, as he realizes...  Pitch begins to back away, becoming one with the darkness, laughing as he disappears.
Jack flies out of Pitch's shadow, ready to strike.
Suddenly, his eyes fill with dread as he realizes where he is.
As Jack leaves, carried off by the wind, we see the tiny Russian nesting doll laying on the ground.
Pitch blocks the attacks of ice and frost -- his control over the Nightmare sand has gained considerable strength.
when Jack attacked him.
Suddenly Jack hears a familiar twitter.
There's terror in Baby Tooth's eyes.
Light EXPLODES from the staff and terror comes into Jack's eyes, clutching his chest as if in pain.
A spider's web of cracks emanates from where she stands.
Jack's sister pauses a moment, then smiles through her fear.
He breathes a sigh of relief.
The dark sand snakes its way up and around the globe, causing the Yetis and Elves to scatter and knocking TOYS to the floor.
The Yetis and Elves look up in horror as the black sand, now covering the globe, gives rise to Pitch, who stands before them cackling.
It's excruciating.
As North stands, his back suddenly gives out.
Pitch easily absorbs the attack with his Nightmare sand.
Jamie and the Guardians do their best to avoid the patrolling Nightmares.
The Guardians keep a watchful eye as Nightmare shadow streaks across the alley.
A CRACK of Thunder reveals the shadow of an approaching Nightmare as the sounds of hooves clacking against the ground echoes from the opposite end of the alley.
Terror in Jamie's eyes.
A snowball suddenly hits Pitch in the face.
A man walks his dog across an empty street when suddenly a cold wind blows behind him.
They are scared and thrilled, but they're having fun.
A terrified Cupcake lies in bed awake.
Jamie takes off flying down the street, and as a snowflake lands on her nose she suddenly sees him.
The Nightmare sand storm descends from the sky.
When suddenly he's pursued by a snarling Nightmare.
Bunny tries to scurry under a parked car in order to evade the attacking Nightmare, but he is snatched by his tail before he can get away.
Bunny kicks the Nightmare, flips into the air, and throws his boomerangs which slice through two more Nightmares, turning them to dust.
The kids, accompanied by two elves in a bike and side car, charge an incoming Nightmare.
The kids put their hands on the Nightmare, turning it to Dreamsand.
Suddenly, a THUD!
Jack quickly sends a streak of frost toward Pitch's Nightmares, disabling a few of them.
Pitch begins to charge and responds with an attack of his own.
Pitch let's a Nightmare arrow fly, which is suddenly deflected by Tooth as she flies through the area and takes out a few Nightmares of her own.
Suddenly, Bunny comes flying out of a nearby chimney, drawing his boomerang as he lands.
The Nightmares surrounding Pitch explode into dust as the boomerang tears through them.
Pitch tries to escape the attacking Guardians and slips into a nearby shadow, emerging through the side of the building.
As he gets to his feet he forms a scythe with his Nightmare sand and begins crossing swords with North.
Suddenly, in their moment of distraction, Pitch rises up behind Jack, his Nightmare sand AXE in hand.
The other Guardians look on in horror as-- A golden whip wraps itself round Pitch's hands.
A Nightmare comes barreling towards Cupcake.
Suddenly, he's hit in the head with a snowball.
BOOF! North is suddenly hit by a snowball and turns.
Pitch groans in pain, and rises up to see the town crawling with Dreamsand creatures, snowballs flying and yetis playing.
He lunges at Jamie who come running toward him, Pitch's hands outstretched as if he's going to grab him by the throat.
Pitch turns and flees into the forest.
Pitch runs through the shadows in terror.
Hundreds of Nightmares emerge from the woods, surrounding the pond.
Suddenly, Pitch's eyes get huge with terror as the Nightmares move in on him.
He falters, and is swept up in the stampede of Nightmares.
No need to panic, he could be upstairs asleep, could be in the back of the house, where the lights wouldn't show.
Christine's concerned, but she hasn't hit the panic button, not yet.
Her worry growing, she heads to the house.
Christine watches out the curtained living room windows, eyes red rimmed from worry but not from tears, not yet, as a police car finally pulls up.
Several women approach and hug her as the noise level begins to climb, but nowhere near what it was a moment earlier.
Behind her eyes is the terror: he's going to tell me my son is dead.
Then she steps back a pace, horror sinking in as Jones comes jauntily alongside her.
And he RUNS to her, grabbing her around the waist, which only magnifies her horror.
She hangs up.
Reluctantly, she does.
We're in a dentist's office.
Suddenly Sanford starts laughing.
It's a nearly hysterical laugh, half fear and half relief... Ybarra isn't there for the reasons he thought.
It's a scary bunch.
She nods to an older woman whose upper temples are marred by surgical scars.
Numb with horror, Christine forces down the oatmeal.
Pensive, nervous, he watches a kid absently tapping a ruler against his knees.
Then, suddenly -- -- on a HATCHET, rising and falling in tune with the ruler tapping.
There's blood on the hatchet.
Blood splatters his face.
A kid is walking down the street, playing idly, by himself, as the truck starts to approach from behind.
Sanford looking on, afraid to move, the single overhead light in the coop swinging wildly.
On Sanford's eyes, terrified.
She chokes, swallows.
The official moves on, nervous, as Briegleb looks to the receiving nurse.
He heads for the door when "Walter" cries out, scared.
Suddenly there's the SOUND of breaking glass from above.
They race up the stairs to find the window broken, and Gordon fleeing across an adjoining rooftop.
Gordon sees his situation, runs back, and STOMPS on the Mountie's hands, trying to get him to shake loose.
Briegleb is nervous, sensing the very real possibility of a hit being set up.
Walter's dentist showing a drawing of Walter's teeth.
Christine is standing outside, putting the horrors of the day out of her thoughts, as a door opens and Chief Davis comes out, followed by several reporters.
Christine, alone, rides the street car to work.
Christine is back at work again, as she had been, though some of the light has gone out of her eyes.
He stops himself.
He's pacing, growing more agitated and scared.
From beneath the hood we HEAR, in a terrified, shaking voice: Just then the warden nods to the executioner who pulls the lever and the trap door JERKS OPEN.
She stops.
Several other BOYS are already there, scared, crying.
Gordon SLAMS an arm against the door, scaring them.
PANNING the boys huddled against one wall, scared.
The Winslow boys and two others scramble to the other end, too terrified to try and escape.
The NOISE is substantial.
The Janitor suddenly twitches, his eyes rolls up in his head.
She smiles, not minding, until the jet suddenly slows its taxi down the runway.
Suddenly a forklift charges down on Castor and Pollux.
Suddenly Wanda presses her machine-pistol into Pollux's head.
And he's missing it.
But as Lazarro leaves -- we see Tito's worried, too.
Archer has a terrified Dietrich backed into the corner.
Passion building, Eve runs her hands over his body -- until her fingers touch a round scar on his chest.
He's amazed to see: His own head on Castor's body:  a flat stomach, hairy chest, tattoos, thinning hair, etc.  Hoag touches Archer's scar.
Voisine shakes his head "no" -- then his eyes widen as...  WHAM.
Dubov attacks again -- but Archer is ready.
Archer freaks out.
Fists bloody, voice hoarse, Archer pounds at the cell door.
"Sweating," Castor lumbers out, carrying the disarmed bomb.
She's stunned.
Suddenly the ALARM BLARES.
Fist fight as Archer and Dubov take on the attacking guards.
To his horror, its LED reads "print unreadable."
Eve's asleep.
He lands hard, but is only shaken up.
He gets in his Lexus and drives out of the parking lot.
Jamie scrambles out and flees toward the house as...  Castor heaves Karl into the WINDSHIELD -- SPIDER-WEBBING it.
For the first time, Archer sees not a hardened felon -- but a frightened, protective mother.
He's almost out when...  Her wail of fear freezes Archer.
Archer and Sasha flee up the stairs.
CRASH!
He plunges down into -- Castor watches in horror as Pollux pancakes onto the floor at his feet.
Castor suddenly jabs his fist into Lazarro's chest.
Skirting a roadblock, Archer appears to be coming undone...  wobbly, wild-eyed... he suddenly picks up a trash can and carries it down the street in front of his face.
He stops.
The look of horror on her face snaps him back to reality.
Terrified -- she finally nods and he eases off her.
SIRENS approach the house, the cops are returning.
Suddenly, his shoulder twitches, rousing him.
Eve rubs Castor's shoulder blade until he falls asleep.
Castor reads the panic on Eve's face, but says nothing.
She drops.
Seeing his sister, Dietrich rises in horror...  BOOM BOOM BOOM!  Castor wastes Dietrich.
Hearing a NOISE behind him -- BOOM!  Castor FIRES -- blowing apart an under-repair hull.
A police boat closes in on them.
COLLIDING with a shoreline obstruction -- The BOAT FLIPS, stern over bow...  Archer and Castor go flying... onto the beach.
BOOM -- Archer SHOOTS Castor in the chest!
Castor is crawling toward the flipped boat's spinning stabilizing screw.
Eve stares -- then touches his face carefully, tenderly -- around the tiny residual scar.
She approaches Archer, who's bent over the sink, washing his face.
This is difficult for her.
She gets a large KNIFE.
She steps through the kitchen door.
Julie drops the knife and flashlight.
He's dressed up and nervous.
They're worried.
Julie follows, frightened, but unable to resist.
Will's knuckles are white from gripping the armrests in fear, and his eyes are clenched shut.
Will doesn't move, frozen with fear of flying, but more closely bonded with the concerned Julie.
We move off the boat and REVEAL the island.
Titus approaches Tyrell -- Will and Tyrell walk on.
In a dark corner of the room, a uniformed MAID named OLGA dusts off a massive WOODEN GLOBE.
The big ball is spinning.
Creepy thing to say.
A SQUEEKING NOISE interupts.
Will and Tyrell exchange a danger-Will-Robinson glance.
Tyrell pounds his chest.
She suddenly feels their eyes upon her.
They're looking at her like she's having a nervous breakdown.
She spins, scaring -- who YELLS and drops the flowers and champagne he was holding.
Suddenly, a HAND touches him on the back.
Titus glides away into the dark.
He's in pain.
She hears it again.
Her arms and hands are covered in blood.
Karla pulls a sleeping hand off her chest.
Tyrell is maybe a little nervous, but hiding it.
She approaches the MACHINE, which is rocking with the noise.
Julie's eyes suddenly open through the GOGGLES.
Suddenly the lights go off.
He's too still.
Tyrell and Will suddenly burst through the door.
Everyone is freaking out.
They're scared.
He's angry and afraid -- Will moves closer to Tyrell -- Tyrell turns and heads down the dock.
Karla is terrified and waits by the stairs, but something catches Julie's eye.
The rain pounds a fleet of fishing boats.
The kind of place you'd take people if you wanted to scare them with a classic ghost story.
There are strange NOISES out in the woods.
Julie yanks her and they flee.
It hits him in the chest and knocks him back.
Suddenly the STEEL TIP of the HOOK pokes through the crack...
Ben suddenly whirls and lunges at Karla.
She waits in terror as fly up and out of the hole she's made in the roof.
She tests her knee -- Karla starts hobbling.
Her terrified scream blends with the cranes, now SHRIEKING VIOLENTLY.
Drops them.
They flee.
Suddenly, there is a POUNDING on the iron door.
Julie points out that his chest and stomach are covered in blood, too.
Suddenly Estes's expression changes to surprise, and appears in the front of his chest.
Julie's trying to get to the knife she's stashed in her back pocket.
Goes to her knees.
There is a creepy pause.
She catches her breath...  Then suddenly, Will knocks the knife from her hand.
He does look scared.
goes straight into Will's chest.
stops in the middle of her kamikaze attack, knife held out.
She whirls.
She SCREAMS.
She hears it again.
His eyes, deep down, are haunted by something, but there is energy in his step.
These he also meets openly, without a trace of fear.
He walks away, and Sharon and Robby walk on to their car -- she is dark; he is glancing at her.
Catch Lambert is walking the wet streets, head down in the rain.
She takes one of his hands and they shake in mock formality.
She is shaken, speaks softly.
He's nervous about this.
She says this clipped and fast and even tougher: For a moment, she shows her fear.
With a stranger.
The CAR SCREECHES to a stop, and the scream of those brakes and white light of the head lamps paralyze Catch, and he sees -- Headlights suddenly washing into a vehicle he is driving.
The Man is now speechless, frozen, terrified, as Catch's eyes hold him with a fierceness -- and a sadness.
Catch lets him go, and immediately begins walking away, hunching into the rain, his expression dark and troubled.
Now her Mother shows a trace of fear.
It's 7 A.M. He's nervous -- and excited.
She suddenly gets up and begins to dress hurriedly -- with a plan.
The can in Catch's hand bangs on the cupboard, and he stops, suddenly uptight.
Sharon is typing at the computer, dark and dogged in her work.
Sharon, not in uniform, is approaching Larry's house.
Larry is sitting up, shaken, his nose bleeding.
She sits on the edge of a chair, worried, deep in her thoughts, hitting bottom -- the darkness engulfing her.
She unlocks   and opens the door, stares at Catch, very vulnerable,   on the very edge, her pain and fear over Larry just   under the surface.
He sees her pain and puts his arms around her, pushes through his fear and holds her -- and she lays her head on his chest.
He stops.
He is nervous, being in the car -- and glad to leave it when she pulls over.
watching.
They are in chest-deep water and their faces are close.
Catch comes to the shore    to dry himself, but as he dresses, Sharon glances    at his body -- and the scarring on his chest and arms.
They exit the car and stand in the street, looking up, scanning the dark buildings -- but the sound is hard to track, a FAINT BALLAD on a skillful HORN.
Catch's eyes snap open, jolted out of sleep, but the VOICES don't stop, and he suddenly sits up.
He sits on the bed and studies her, his dark thoughts dissipating as he watches her sleep, his eyes going deep.
As he puts the mouthpiece on the horn, nervous, but excited, too, speaking to the Piano Player.
Catch is rising, a little sore and soiled.
But Catch is walking     away with that frozen, numb look, all shut down by his     fear and his memory as Bob trots along beside him and     the Biker comes after him and Tommy and Candace watch him     go and Sharon hurries her steps to catch up.
He walks away from her, and this shakes her, and she catches up again.
Watching him, shocked and frightened for him.
Catch is at home, still shaken by what happened to him in the park.
When Robby begins to speak, she puts up a hand to stop him, going very still, staring out the window at the man who Catch was afraid of, Richard Pindella.
When the RING of the PHONE breaks through, he stops suddenly.
He suddenly pulls his hand out of hers, shocked, and it shakes her.
He watches her go, angry, scared and sorry for what he said.
He is desperately afraid.
As they walk from the car, he keeps glancing at her, concerned for her.
And now the WORRIED MOTHER is emerging from the shop...
Elanora's look darkens and she begins to shake her head in worry.
We hear Sharon moving about, see her nervous, half-dressed, speaking to herself.
She does, and as the trumpet plays on we -- dressed differently, re-wrapping the gift and then -- dressed differently, rewrapping it again and then -- sitting still in a chair, holding the gift on her lap, looking at the clock, nervous, scared, sad.
They trade a brief, nervous nod.
He is nearly alone on the chapel grounds, and, as he reaches the sheltered wall of this building, he is alone.
His breath shivers in his body as he   struggles to lift his eyes.
Hm? Aww."
The renewal of vows is over, and Sharon is standing in the aisle, nervous and not sure what to do.
Now and then a nervous glance from her mother is directed at Sharon, or a hostile glance from Larry.
Her Mother's look clouds a little, nervous again.
He sees her and walks into the kitchen, avoiding her.
Larry and Sharon's Mother enter, her Mother looking at her husband and back to her daughter, very frightened.
watching this.
Her Mother is near panic, Larry staring hard, Kathy wondering.
He watches her.
Guy is in a hurry but he shakes hands.
The smile has faded from Miriam's face and something like cringing fear has taken its place.
It is beginning to get dark, and the street lights are on.
Suddenly they look up the street.
We see Miriam and her companions approach the boat concession and CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM onto the little landing stage.
As Miriam's boat passes through, she gives another little glance over shoulder before her boat disappears into the darkness of the tunnel.
Suddenly she hears steps in back of her and turns   her head toward CAMERA.
The lighter falls down out of picture, and as Bruno's hands grip her throat, his head moves slightly to blot out Miriam's face.
Bruno's boat is approaching.
The assistant runs off out of the pictures As Bruno calmly threads his way along the midway, we hear above the noise of the various concessions, a shrill police whistle in the distance.
Guy reaches the other side of the street and still puzzled and cautious, approaches the dark alleyway.
He is horrified.
Guy suddenly starts to go.
He starts to dial, then suddenly hangs up and starts out.
She looks at    Guy with an anxious, taut expression, searches his face   hastily, then as he takes a step inside she is suddenly in   his arms.
Anne's nervous tension comes to the surface in a flood of relief.
The Senator's cup is suddenly back on its saucer and he is on his feet, pacing nervously.
Guy has been looking at Anne and is concerned at the worry on her face.
The street outside the Burton house is lined with cars and limousines.
We see that her lips are trembling, too, and in her eyes frightened tears are welling.
Guy looks at Anne with an expression of growing fear and alarm.
They are lined with tall black cypress trees which throw their shadows across the steps.
A huge shadow lies it the head of the stairs.
The light goes on with a sudden glare.
For a moment a look of fear comes into Bruno's face as he thinks Guy will probably shoot him.
For an instant his nervous hands seem to be struggling with the urge to kill Guy.
Anne's horror is growing.
Barbara, very nervous but trying to "act natural", passes Hennessy and Hammond.
Bruno's horror-stricken face.
He misses it.
It is now getting dark.
Across the street, another police car arrives.
The man running the machine in the center of the merry-go- round is suddenly hit in the shoulder.
Immediately the workman heads straight for the merry-go-round and starts to crawl under it on his stomach.
He sees this by suddenly glancing over his shoulder.
We see the crowd behind back-up for fear of being knocked over.
A flash of the horror-stricken faces of the spectators seen through the whirling machine.
He is caught between two of the horses, the head of one of  them across his chest.
He looks down the table at the dark-suited men.
THE NOISE OF MACHINERY IS deafening.
A dark Caddy is parked down the road.
Suddenly he takes off his shoes, breaks into a run and dives for the rope.
Suddenly, the motor does STALL.
JACKSON IS GETTING MORE NERVOUS by the minute...  DOC continues working within the vault.
HANDS and knees...  the Guard looks at his pistol.
CAROL - IN A FORD - suddenly pulls up, filling the roadway opening.
The speeding Ford avoids a halting car, then suddenly spins out of control, jumps across the sidewalk, splinters a wood bench, and finally slides in a complete circle across the grass of a small park.
Suddenly a gun appears in his right hand, aimed at Jackson.
He approaches the flaming building, then hits the brakes as ...  A BIG DIESEL TRUCK AND TRAILER is coming in the opposite direct ion,, jack-knifes across the road, desperately trying to avoid the cars stopped in the middle of the street .
DOC, AS THE TRUCK AND TRAILER SUDDENLY APPEAR THROUGH the smoke in front of him, throws the car broadside into a four wheel drift.
Now sideways, then straight, he bumps across the sidewalk, over a patio of a house, knocking down two pillars, through a parking lot, taking with it a large cleaners sign, then bores back onto the road.
Two large holes now show at the chest of Rudy's raincoat.
Doc's eyes suddenly narrow on the road ahead.
Doc suddenly turns, walks to her and gives her a stinging slap across the face.
She glances across the promenade walls, her eyes finding: CAROL STARES ACROSS THE ROOM at the scattering of passengers waiting on the wooden seats opposite from her. Carol's nervous boredom increases; she looks down at her lap, pretends to find something wrong with her nails and begins rubbing the cuticles.
Having noted the woman and more than tired of hauling her burden around the station, Carol steps to the end locker, takes a quarter out of her purse, then studies the time scarred operating instructions on the face of the locker.
She turns, startled by his sudden proximity.
Her eyes widening into a quiet panic, she next looks at the locker number and then the number on the key.
Carol turns away from the locker, eyes glazed with fear...  Doc at her shoulder.
CAROL STOPS SUDDENLY.
She sags back against the edge of the metal compartments, exhausted, fearful.
This car also deserted, he maintains his trotting pace, swinging the heavy suitcase as he goes...  reaching the end of the smoker, he enters the next vestibule and attempts to move into the following car, but the Thief is brought to a halt by the sudden dead end of the passageway.
SMOKER, his eye suddenly catching the Men's Lounge.
The Thief snaps out a pen knife, picks the lock with a deft movement.
A Conductor appears at the end of the smoker opposite the Thief and begins to collect and punch tickets.
THE KNIFE IS TIGHTLY WEDGED INTO THE THIEF'S HAND.
He is suddenly showered with spurting water.
CAROL SITS WATCHING THE PEOPLE -- she gets up, doesn't know where to go...  sits down again... fear and anticipation on her face...  stands up... ready to go where?
THE THIEF'S BODY SUDDENLY FALLS BACK ACROSS THE CHAIR.
CAROL SLEEPS ON HER STOMACH, her head resting across one arm.
His face reflects both fear and shock.
As Doc's picture suddenly flashes onto the tube, with appropriate dialogue.
Homer and Jethro hit the ground, paralyzed with fright as their car EXPLODES behind them.
Then, as the terrified cops duck to the side, he shoots out their front windshield.
Doc and Carol start to panic, but they have room enough.
DOC IN THE MAIN ROOM IS STANDING AT THE LARGE windows facing across to the building next to Laughlins.
Rudy starts his nervous grin.
Suddenly everything in the corridor is silent.
He is very frightened but says nothing.
SWAIN AND HAYHOE MOVING UP THE STEPS TWO AT A TIME Suddenly Hayhoe's leg buckles as a .45
CULLY IS HIT IN THE CHEST BY BUCKSHOT.
He waits... on the winding staircase below him there is a dark movement.
He hears it now.
He hears...
A man approaching.
Warren and Amy hang back, silent and threatening.
Simon crawls out of the way as the old man throws open the door to the parking lot and screams at the retreating delinquents...  Having scared them off, he comes back in and starts screaming at Simon.
Simon stands there in the dark.
Simon comes downstairs into the quiet, dark kitchen and sits at the table.
Then...  Simon looks up, terrified.
Smash!!!!
He drops it.
He shivers and looks at Amy, who steps back, scared, and puts down the gas can.
He sits, worried, as Gnoc comes out from behind the counter and begins mopping up the mess.
He looks up, sees her, panics and slides away on the seat.
Simon looks around at them all, threatened.
Suddenly his hand appears from behind her and gently strokes her hair.
She goes white, her mouth falling open in horror.
They fall away from each other in terror and fatigue.
Simon is asleep with his head down on the table.
A customer a few tables away gets nervous and leaves.
She gets up and storms into her room.
He flees.
He creeps down the stairs with an arm-load of books.
She studies him a moment more, lost, then shakes her head and helps the child off the car.
Simon regrets it already and stands to leave, scared.
Fay falls back against the stove, terrified and drops her head into her hands.
He sees Simon looks worried.
But then she stops.
Now Henry tries to scare her away.
Simon crashes through the door and finds...  Mary, kneeling over the edge of the tub, her wrists slit and the blood running down the drain, the shower raining down over her back.
Simon looks on in horror.
White with fear, he clutches at his rumbling gut.
He grows concerned.
They shake hands.
Henry runs into the store and stands there, panicked, looking at Hawkes, Bunuel and Mr Deng.
He looks scared too.
Then...  Simon pauses, scared, then gets up and crosses the room.
Simon's words catch in his throat.
Henry is scared all of a sudden.
Suddenly, Simon stands and walks out.
She shakes him off.
The place is abandoned.
He winces.
She has a black eye and a swollen cheek.
He stands there in the middle of the kitchen, amazed, with the screwdriver sticking out of his chest.
Panicked, he looks round, holding his arm to his chest.
Bunuel and Hawkes are waiting there, looking concerned.
He looks on in horror at...  Henry, lying on a makeshift bed, badly beaten up and weak.
The nervous GEEKS fidget and roughhouse each other in an involuntarily immature reaction to their beautiful interviewers.
KURT'S head detonates with a terrifying cackle.
MARTHA flees the cafeteria in horror.
She seems ready to burst out all her anxieties but instead....
VERONICA stares at the glass, scared by her own thoughts.
HEATHER MCNAMARA moans, vibrates, then suddenly races toward the cameras.
A look of horror passes over her face and she savagely scrubs her lips.
PETER flees and RAM uncomfortably takes his place.
KURT stumbles after a more annoyed than scared VERONICA.
J.D. suddenly moves into the light at the end of the woods and raises his gun.
VERONICA approaches Ram's body with increasing shivers.
In a burst of frightened, animal instinct, VERONICA whips around and fires her gun right into KURT's chest.
Security Guards climb out of their vehicle, light cigarettes and chat with the soldiers manning the checkpoint.
A beat.
An ambush.
Coriolanus approaches with stealth, moving in and out of shadows along the street, ducking into doorways and alleys, taking advantage of the darkness.
He stops.
The Volscians look to Aufidius, very nervous, unsure how to proceed.
Now this extremity Hath brought me to thy hearth, not out of Mistake me not - to save my life; for if I had feared death, of all the men in the I would have avoided thee, but in mere spite, To be full quit of those my banishers, Stand I before thee here.
Watching.
His eyes move over Coriolanus' body, adding up the scars and wounds.
Where is he, hear you?
A lot of nervous activity behind him.
Something close to terror on the faces of the politicos.
Her emotions are deep and dark.
He gazes at the picture, his fingers smoothing the paper, tracing the contours of Coriolanus' face...  Whether t'was pride, Whether defect of judgement, Or whether nature, Not to be other than one thing, Made him feared, So hated, and so banished.
Soldiers confer urgently outside the door.
He is pale.
A beat.
This preys on him.
He stops.
It is Virgilia, finally, who bravely approaches: My lord and husband-- He stop her, almost a warning, with: These eyes are not the same I wore in Rome.
Despairing.
He will die.
He stops.
Some of the Volscian thugs are clearly nervous.
An obscene demon of blood.
Aufidius slowly pulls his knife.
Pulls him onto the knife.
It's his cane.
Roland suddenly stops reading and furrows his brow.
Ian Malcolm's leg, badly scarred, is bared and draped over the end of a bench.
Each is tipped with a three inch needle and carries a bright yellow warning tag -- "EXTREME DANGER!
LETHAL TOXICITY!"
Sarah looks down in horror as the camera's motor WHINES loudly in her hands.
It's no tree, it's a DINOSAUR'S LEG, a massive one, six feet across, God knows how many feet high.
The group panics and bolts for cover toward the only place where the trees are not falling -- which is directly underneath the animals!
The noise and chaos is deafening, drowning out the LAUGHTER and SCREAMS of the fascinated and terrified group.
the Group collapses to the ground, breathless, chests heaving with wild, frightened laughter.
The pachy clobbers the door, sending Dieter flying against the car, knocking the wind out of him.
Aware of the danger behind them, the herd veers to the right, toward the cover of thick jungle -- -- but the motorcycle ROARS in from the right side, cutting them off, herding them back out into the open.
guns it again, forcing the herd back into the middle of the plain.
A hunting knife.
the three of them creep along, hiding behind a stack of fuel barrels.
A low RUMBLING sound can be heard outside, and the little wooden dinosaurs start shaking on the board.
The fire has spread and several tents are now tongues of flame flapping in the air, the animals are gone or going, and their personnel are scattered and terrified.
SARAH and NICK carry the SCREECHING baby tyrannosaur in their arms, headed for the trailer.
Kelly is getting scared.
They hear noises, THUDS in the jungle.
Nick, hands shaking, grabs the shoulder video camera he used earlier.
The refrigerator bolts suddenly CRUNCH free of the wall.
For a person with a fear of heights, this is a real drag.
Slowly, she tries to get up, caaaaaarefully pulling herself up to her hands and knees.
has two fingers on the phone, but suddenly the whole trailer shudders and the heavy phone tips off the table leg and falls.
Malcolm clings to the rope in the middle of the trailer while Nick and Sarah try to struggle up it, but a sudden dig knocks them back, and their hands slide down the line.
BURKE.
Panicking, he ties to run, but the roots rise high out of the ground in the jungle, and he trips on one and falls flat on his face.
He spins, and that tactic seems to work, as the compys themselves begin to panic and drop off of him.
But the compys follow him in and he's forced to flee, abandoning his lost weapon.
They stop.
The exhausted marchers drag themselves back to their feet and start to march again.
In a frenzy of splashing, Dieter shrugs them off and crawls away, through the stream.
KELLY sits quietly in a corner, her eyes wide, knees hugged up to his chest.
BURKE.
In the sleeping bag, Sarah and Kelly's eyes are barely visible, wide in panic.
Panic hits the camp as the sleeping HUNTERS wake up.
MALCOLM, blinking back sleep, stands a good head above the rest of the panicking crowd.
But he can't see her. the two rexes join forces, herding the fleeing Hunters into a narrow ravine.
Breathless, terrified, they can hear the mayhem outside.
Burke, blind with panic, forces himself even further into the cave, which pushes Kelly further out.
Sarah, Nick, and Kelly stare in horror as the white screen of water turn pink.
Behind them, Ajay's face falls, defeated.
Kelly, nearly catatonic with fear, clings to Sarah, and it doesn't look as if she'll ever let go.
A light rain falls as they start down the street, carefully, silently, Roland and Malcolm with their weapons at the ready.
Dr. Juttson looks fearful.
They freeze, terrified.
The soft SNORT of its breath isn't quite audible, but it brushes the hair on the backs of their necks ever so slightly.
He risks another HISS.
So does the raptor.
They approach a rusted, abandoned pickup in the middle of the street -- -- and a RAPTOR leaps on top of it.
Its claws CLACK on the roof as it goes into its pre-attack crouch.
SLAM!
KELLY remains huddled under the fallen shed, trembling with fear.
They look back at the frightened animal, which takes tow steps out onto the roof, SNARLS, and backs into the doorway again.
Suddenly an avalanche of loose tiles breaks loose and the footing underneath the raptor above disintegrates.
Panicked, he leaps to his feet and starts to SHOUT.
But she is trembling with fear, unable to move.
Kelly's mouth drops open to scream, but her terror is so complex that no sound comes out.
Eyes wide with panic, they both turn and look down at the street below, where they see KELLY and MALCOLM, racing at top speed down the middle of the street -- Malcolm and Kelly have a twenty yard advantage on the animal.
She stares down in horror at her father.
The animal SNARKS and goes into its pre-attack crouch.
Kelly climbs to her knees, but behind her, a large, dark shape is moving.
Watching.
The Indians become increasingly nervous.
He turns and yells at the Indians in Quechua, his anger giving an indication of his own fears.
The Indians, terrified now, chatter away.
Suddenly the three at the back turn and run, dropping their packs as they go.
Barranca yells at the fleeing Indians and pulls his pistol out.
Barranca is suddenly on his feet, quietly drawing his pistol.
Indy looks quickly at Satipo, who is shocked and frightened.
Satipo sees them and makes a frightened grunting sound.
Satipo's eyes widen in terror.
Satipo, extremely nervous, regards the whip a moment then turns back to face Indy, who has run up to the far side of the pit.
A shadow falls across him and he looks up.
An instant later, the leaves are peppered with a rain of poison darts and spears.
It pierces deep into the ranks of the retreating enemy, wreaking devastation and terror.
Eaton and Musgrove exchange worried looks.
Unfortunately, the roof of the old car can't take it and Indy's legs knife right on through to the interior, where he scares the hell out of Kehoe.
In a corner near the fireplace trouble breaks out suddenly between the groups at two neighboring tables.
She is not intimidated by the combatants; she jabs accusatory fingers into their chests.
Suddenly the hardness cracks.
This stops her.
Marion stops yelling, her eyes widen in terror.
Suddenly, the Mongolian is shot dead.
Marion has the Monkey from Sallah's house on her shoulder.
Suddenly another Bad Arab and a new German Agent appear in the street at that end.
Chaos.
Indy frantically pushes his way through the panicked mass of humanity in the direction the basket has gone.
Several surrounding buildings are leveled.
Indy, blown back across the square, looks on, astounded and horror-stricken.
Belloq leans forward, eyes shining, voice suddenly different.
Indy, nervous, goes back to the food tray, picks up another date.
Suddenly the paw is stricken with palsy and the unseen Monkey goes into its death throws.
An extremely nervous Sallah has the gathered rope in his hands and is trying to appear casual as he inches back toward the oil drum.
With a worried glance at the map room, be begins untying the rope from the oil drum.
When his eyes find Shliemann, his superior, he snaps a crisp "Heil, Hitler!" at him, holding his palm rigid a long time, exposing a burned scar in the prefect shape of the sun medallion.
Snakes and snakes.
We see: snakes piled and entwined six inches deep; mother snakes laying snake eggs; snake eggs hatching little snakes; snakes cannibalizing other snakes.
Marion's frightened look shifts suddenly to the entrance of the tent.
Sunlight is flooding this tableau: Sallah, Omar and his men are being held at bay by ten armed Nazis.
Snakes strike as his flying heels.
She looks beyond it with terror-widened eyes, then up through the increasing smoke at the distant Indy.
The snake falls from the pillar.
Snakes are sliding up toward his hands.
Marion is quite naturally a nervous wreck; she jumps when Indy grabs her suddenly and points.
Indy and Marion peek out into the light from the shadows of an abandoned excavation.
The airplane fuel inside floods out onto the pavement, surrounding the plane.
Suddenly, he is shocked to see her in the cockpit.
Al eyes turn toward the rise that hides the airstrip.
He picks out six Armed Nazis and motions for them to start climbing around the outside of the truck to the cab.
Suddenly the Armed Guard next to the Driver sees the two Armed Nazis appear on the top of the truck.
The waterfront is dark and misty.
Suddenly, water is washing over his feet; the Wurrfler is beginning to submerge.
Indy isn't comfortable, but all in all, it's not as terrible as he might have feared.
It's as terrible as Indy might have feared.
To fight again.
Suddenly the sub begins to move again.
It's height varies from an average of about 7 feet to a low of only about 4.5 feet at the points (every 40 feet.)
Chaos.
Behind Indy, the brilliant light and weird noise of the Ark have suddenly ceased, but the Tabernacle is ablaze and the fire has quickly spread to stacks of supplies on either side.
Nervous Nazis are moving the heavy cartridge boxes as fast as they can, but it's slow work and the threatening fire is close.
Over at the burning stack of goods, some terrified fire- fighters scurry away as the burning pile of general goods falls over onto the stack of cartridge boxes.
The noise is deafening, with barking guns, splintering rock, and twanging ricochets contributing to the din.
All the workers cast frequent nervous glances back at the burning cartridge boxes across the court.
Suddenly the worst begins to happen at the cartridge boxes.
It approaches at a frightening rate.
It's a familiar nightmare.
At the machine gun post, the Nazi Sentry has been firing like crazy, but now there is terror in his eyes.
Fire.
It's terrible.
The island rumbles and shakes.
Birds scream and soar, afraid to land.
Her features, which have been expressionless, suddenly contort, mask-like, into the face of a woman in fear.
The male face on her left takes on the expression of a young boy, a boy who is terribly frightened.
She watches.
An alarm suddenly CHIRPS.
A little BOY suddenly enters the room.
Helmeted police with mirrored visors erupt out of the cars.
He stays on his hands and knees, and approaches.
Johnny, on his hands and knees, goes limp.
Her hand caresses his chest.
Lisa's hand stops suddenly on the center of Anderson's chest.
She hangs up, moves quickly back into the house.
Her big Studebaker drives off down the tree-lined street and away.
He approaches the door, and his eyes are scanned.
Anderson slowly swivels around and stares with disbelief and horror at the monitor.
His body begins to shake.
He hugs himself, but he can't stop the shaking.
His legs suddenly weaken, and he drops to one knee beside his desk, like a man in need of prayer.
She goes to a corner of the room.
They are sleek and menacing, the black shells lumpy with dangerous gadgetry.
She looks at him, scared, stops in her tracks.
She is suddenly suffocating.
A booming, electronically altered VOICE suddenly penetrates the walls of the house from outside.
She's frantic.
Lisa lies in her bed, alone in the dark.
A Precrime HOVERCRAFT floats high above her house, a dark moon in the low clouds.
A Precrime TECHNICIAN 1 suddenly sits upright.
He rolls the balls down a dark hallway.
The BALLS roll about eight feet, then suddenly come to autolife as they spin.
A fist-sized Spider takes shape.
She looks up with annoyance as she sees a spider scuttling across the floor toward her.
She continues to eat as the SPIDER crawls up the leg of the card table.
She smiles toothlessly at her joke The Spider hops onto her am and inches up, then moves across her shoulder.
A flattened SPIDER squeezes under his door.
The SPIDER waits for him to settle, then CLICKS toward him again.
He is dripping with sweat, starting to breathe hard.
The Spider comes faster.
One of the Spiders is taking too long.
The Spider advances, starts up his leg.
The Spider moves across his shoulder and onto his face.
The Spider crawls all over Anderson's head, trying to get past the dressings for a read.
The Spider senses his cooperation, freezes in place.
The Spider sits on his shoulder, waiting.
The officers see that the Spider has gotten its read.
Lisa, looking drawn and scared, sits in Witwer's office.
His fear embarrasses him.
Page stares at him, scared.
A lot of mourners in dark 1950's suits and dresses.
She looks up and he tips his dark glasses down onto his nose and stares over them at her.
Precrime police are happening behind him.
The passengers turn in unison like cattle, and stare at him, terrified.
Anderson is up on the sidewalk now, two feet out from the building, right beside the high pressure hydrant.
Anderson, dripping wet, runs from one end of it to another, blasting through doors, shoving terrified workers out of the way.
The girl lifts a nervous finger and points.
The rushing dark again.
He slams HIM against the wall, yanks off his helmet, and holds the laser knife against his throat.
Anderson suddenly gets it.
Her helmet is off.
And her eyes, she won't let him go.
A sudden realization floods over Anderson.
Ennis tries to think through his fear and haze.
They are helmeted.
As she comes abreast of another PAYPHONE, it suddenly starts to ring.
He starts to drag her backwards into the dark.
Witwer steps over the body as if it doesn't exist, and walks out of the office, locking the door behind him.
The Precogs wince and shiver with each turn of the dial.
It suddenly looks much worse than that.
When the door closes behind him, Rose turns her head slightly and looks.
Three officers stand thirty feet apart in front of the building, facing outward toward the parking lot, weapons cradled in their arms.
Suddenly it is lighter.
She shakes, her SMOKING HANDS frozen to the iron railing by the electricity running through her...  Suddenly, Renee falls forward against the iron.
He tries to rush forward, but someone restrains him...  Suddenly all the circuits in the stage are blown and the LIGHTS GO OUT.
It's a CASKET.
Standing there outside the door, looking more than a little nervous...  we can't help but like her.
She's nervous alright.
Chase catches her eye, shrugging apologetically.
A CAT crawls out.
The dreaded, domineering voice of authority in Drew's life.
The boys shake.
He's dreading this.
Clyde and his cohorts break from the outskirts of town, riding out onto the open road.
Clyde and his friends have abandoned their bikes.
A devilish grin creeps over Clyde.
Clyde moves forward again and Geoff suddenly LASHES OUT, catching everyone off guard.
Faint.
Bells positioned along the roof threaten to reveal foul play.
And before he goes, HE SINKS THE PLUG INTO THE SOCKET.
Panicked, Drew takes off after him.
His chest rises and falls almost imperceptibly with every effort to survive.
His chest falls and doesn't rise again.
Geoff appears from the garage with his bike and takes off for the road.
From there, he watches.
She rises, eyes focusing on the dark bedroom.
Gus is sound asleep next to her.
This last action of Zowie displaces Drew's fear.
And with it comes the voice again, humming a HAUNTING LULLABY.
It was a nightmare.
She HISSES.
Chase jumps back, frightened out of his wits and we realize...
Abandoning their bikes next to the path, Drew and Geoff approach the archway.
Geoff swallows the lump in his throat.
Suddenly Clyde drops his jaw in exaggerated horror.
And for an instant, a look of real horror washes over Clyde's face... Is coming up the path beneath the archway, rising out of the swirling mist.
A burst of LIGHTNING floods Drew's horrified face.
Zowie inches forward, poised for the attack.
Drew shifts his eyes from Zowie to Gus, too terrified to heed such a command.
AN ERUPTION OF BLOOD showers the closest headstone.
Drew's eyes shift to Geoff, whose face is flushed with sickened fear.
He slumps back against the wall, drained from the night's horrors.
THE CLOCK is creeping up on 2AM...  THUNDER rumbles outside in the distance and rain starts to spatter the window panes.
Tiger is sprawled out on the blanket against his chest.
Washed in the haunting white glow.
He swallows the swelling lump in his throat and rises from his bed.
Blood is seeping through the gauze.
Suddenly, BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAMS pierce the air.
Her horrified eyes flash by Chase.
Chase looks away as a new level of fear runs through him.
And the pile of blood-spattered shards laying on the tile.
Blood oozes from the puncture, dripping onto the dog's stomach.
In a panic, Chase FIRES WILD...  Zowie abruptly turns and SMASHES through the bedroom window, sending glass flying.
Chase looks on in terror.
Chase turns, shaking off the scare.
Marjorie's eyes can't help but fix on the dog bites scattered over Chase's chest and arms.
Marjorie looks over the antiseptics Chase has laid out on the sink.
The boy is genuinely frightened.
Clyde is full of deranged glee, fueled by Geoff's fear.
Gus levels a threatening gaze at Geoff.
He's frightened, but he tries to muster up a cocky front.
Gus plants his foot against Clyde's chest, pinning him, and lowers the spinning rear wheel TOWARD CLYDE'S NECK.
Just when Clyde thinks Gus is backing off, the wheel comes down again...  Gus gets into the rhythm as he lowers and retracts the spinning wheel at the terrified bully.
Suddenly Gus wrenches the gun from Drew's hands.
Suddenly, we hear the WAIL of Gus' patrol car coming up from behind.
A creepy smile flickers across Geoff's face.
This is insane.
Suddenly she wakens and HISSES.
Recovering from the scare, Chase reaches over and opens the glove compartment.
She clutches herself, shivering.
Chase's headlights sweep across the front of the dark house.
His chest is a ruined mess.
Gus stabs the air with the drill, feeding on Chase's horror.
A bullet pounds Gus' chest.
Marjorie's face goes white with fear.
Her voice is both seductive and terrifying.
Scared out of his wits, Geoff makes it to his feet.
His hands grope blindly for a weapon and close on a mirror shard.
As they approach, the Clerk goes behind it.
He's anxious.
A little anxiety develops.
Waingro stubs out his cigarette in nervous jabs.
The driver staggers out   from behind the wheel and tries to shake clarity into his   head.
looks at Waingro, sips his coffee, and looks away again Waingro is nervous.
He's beat.
Next to him Eady's asleep.
Then: They shake hands.
BREEDAN at 29 he's an ex-Eight Trey Hoover Street Crip with lots of scars who just did five years in San Quentin and is straightening up.
He shakes his head "no" to Hanna.
She hangs up.
Across the street is the Hiawatha Motel in 40's stucco and desert pastels and Charlene's yellow El Dorado parked next to a Lexus in front of Room 18. Suddenly Neil turns because he sees.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
She closes her eyes, resigned to doom.
Descending alone uses a small, black, carbon steel sheath knife to take two hits from the vial.
Horror and hysteria blossoming through shock.
Panics now.
It BLOWS UP. approaches the fallen Gunman and with the 9mm.
Neil shakes his head "no."
FIRES ONCE.
It's formidable.
Both unpin the lapels of  what is revealed to be dark suits with shirts underneath.
They abandon everything.
Then he pitches the radio in a line drive at Bruce, barely missing his head.
It stops.
He's startled.
he's beat.
Fear blossoms.
Cerrito saps him expertly on the right shoulder, paralyzing his gun arm, spins him and swipes the sap across his neck.
Scared, but Neil's monologue holds their attention.
There would be no, there was no, and there never is any, warning.
The driver panics and slams on his brakes and his bus full of people stalls in the combat zone between Bosko and the wagon.
He's dead.
It's chaos.
who panic.
SHOOTING.
He slows.
He stops.
Suddenly a face    is there.
Hangs up.
crashing in.
Farina gets out of an unmarked car with   Charlene Shiherlis and a sleeping Dominick and they cross   into the building.
Then: He hangs up.
He stops.
Dominick crawls over and up Farina's leg.
It's frantic.
WIDEN TO INCLUDE Charlene, two cops and Marciano (very nervous.).
hangs up.
She does two things: she runs her hands across his stomach and says: Hanna, terror-stricken, swings around and Lauren, screaming, starts assaulting him.
Suddenly Neil pulls across three lanes and shoots up an offramp - fast.
Out the picture window across the street is the Hyatt House.
The place is abandoned.
It spasms.
twisted in her seat, trying to see, frightened by the noise and sirens.
stops.
HIT THREE TIMES in the chest - is blown back into the racks of lights.
And he dies.
Panting in terror, Tom is hunkered down in strips of light, trying to see through the cracks.
Tom jumps, panicked, just as a SHADOWY FIGURE creeps into the barn and levels a glinting shotgun at him!
Stuck in the rain with the shaking lamp sizzling, he stares into the forever darkness, the muscles in his jaw rippling in the pale light.
Suddenly BUDDY and KATHRYN ROBINSON (20's.)
Now Tom is scared to death that Bush is going to tell on him.
Wild with fear, Bonnie and Tom run toward Bush.
I'll kill him!
fight.
There was a fight.
Frank's eyes crawl over to him.
What the hell you doing here?
Yes, sir, but I think people are so scared of what they don't know that they make things up to feel better about it.
Fearing the worst, Buddy bends into the steam, takes a cautious bites and mutters with shocked surprise.. Lord, that's good..
In the silence, Buddy looks over again at the wondrous carving of the mule on the window sill, at the big ears and long face that are being born from the rough block.
No ma'am, we can't bury him under the house..
(touches his own chest.)
Mr. Tollerude, nervous as hell, brings Bush up from his reclining position and turns the chair to the mirror.
Hearing that Bush wants or needs a real funeral Mattie is suddenly truly concerned.
Is he sick, Gus? Horton shrugs.
(a deep dark look.)
Buddy looks at her, haunted by the very possibility of their absence.
I was a little nervous about our interview.
And you went right on in the dark?
What the hell?
I'm gonna go get him.
I mean it's yours to do with what you want but I'm getting a little nervous about it.
Never thought I'd see enough money to make me nervous.
He nods at the money and suddenly becomes the "other" Bush.
Suddenly Bush steps into the church.
You scared to be alone with me?
Bush suddenly gets up and leaves.
Where are you..? Lighting flashes and the lights suddenly go out.
The hearse creeps down the road Buddy looks tired.
She suddenly wipes her face and scowls.
Bush stares into her then suddenly gets up, picks up his shotgun and goes out the door without a word.
Frank is putting the files back in the drawers when he hears a NOISE.
You're killing me!
You owe me that.
And to hell with me.
He suddenly stops, rubs the wood tenderly, muscles up the heavy top to put it on the box and staggers back.
Hell.
He's crazy!
Suddenly Theman bolts, moaning and running blind with gas in his eyes.
And suddenly everyone is in motion.
Bush suddenly walks into the trees without looking back.
Buddy stares in shock at the old roping burns scars on Bush's chest.
For Mattie all of this is like window into the past being suddenly thrown open and she is haunted and mesmerized.
She was crawling across the floor.
His face is drawn and haunted.
She lays her head gently on his shoulder.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
THE Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
The WORRIED VOICES OF THE TRAVELERS START FILL THE CABIN.
Beat.
Beat.
VIRGINIA shakes her head, "No."
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
His muscular body begins to shake.
Beat.
Elijah looks a little anxious.
Beat.
Her worried eyes immediately start searching the young faces in the gray circular compartments.
Elijah looks around...  a sudden panic enters his eyes.
Elijah's small face looks up at the swirling clouds in a mixture of agony and terror.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
David is shaken.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
He stands in an imposing dark green rain poncho and hood.
Beat.
Beat.
Rain washes over the agitated faces.
They watch in horror as their parents attack each other on the sidelines.
This is Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
It touches his chest and rises up again.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
His face and arms are shaking...
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She SCREAMS.
Beat.
Beat.
He starts to close his eyes as he raises the gun level with David's chest.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
David Dunne is shaken.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Pulls out the dark green rain poncho.
David's car pulls into the massive rain station parking lot.
Frightening twisted pieces of metal glisten in the rain.
He lays her down gently.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
They watch as the door to the bathroom opens and the dark hooded figure of David Dunne steps in.
The huge man drives his shoulder into David's chest and takes him off his feet.
The dark green rain poncho flaps in the wind as he falls two stories directly towards the black tarp.
Beat.
His hands sink into the water as his pressure pushes the tarp down.
He's drowning.
He sits hunched over in a dark mass, his head down under his hood.
His face turning dark red.
The room shakes.
Jeremy lays sound asleep.
She starts to wake as she floats across the room.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Suddenly he stops under the next street light and turns to face the figures.
JIM looks up suddenly, scared.
He stops again.
shot.
shot.
As the nearest bike moves in: Med.
shot.
He comes forward, passes camera which pans with him then stops--as the school is suddenly revealed.
shot.
Darkness.
Music of the spheres is heard--a high threatening tremolo.
shot.
shot.
shot.
shot.
shot.
shot.
shot.
PLATO turns suddenly and pushes his way past the kids who are boarding.
shot.
shot.
PLATO wild-eyed with fear.
shot.
shot.
Suddenly JIM transforms.
He folds up his knife and puts it away.
shot.
JUDY freezes, frightened.
She tips his head back against her body and kneads his neck and shoulders.
They shake hands briefly as they walk.
So does BUZZ.
Suddenly they break and go, without speaking further, to their cars.
shot.
shot.
Suddenly she raises her hands high above her head.
BUZZ.
He looks down in panic, then back at the drop ahead.
His eyes widen in fear.
Suddenly a youth ducks his face into the neck of his girlfriend so he cannot see.
BUZZ.
shot.
Legs rush by him, knock him onto his face.
The kids wheel and scatter, panicking past the camera.
shot.
shot.
In the house bordering the street a few lights still burn.
shot.
BEAU appears at his door in white pajamas, a small ghost.
BEAU flees.
Fear of facing his son makes him shut them again.
Suddenly, inverted in his vision, the MOTHER appears at the head of the stairs, in bathrobe and nightgown.
Suddenly JIM loosens his hands and rises.
He looks worried as he passes camera.
shot.
The FATHER turns off the bed lamp, then sits up, worried in the dark.
He gets to his door, tries the key, but in his panic it will not go into the lock.
The FATHER, frightened, looks out into the night.
Suddenly the FATHER slams the door and rushes past us into the house.
He looks up suddenly.
shot.
shot.
Suddenly MOOSE's heap moves past on the street ahead.
At the edge of the pool, near the deep end, a blanket has been spread and a candelabra burns upon it.
Suddenly it stops.
PLATO asleep on the blanket.
Suddenly his eyes open.
He doesn't move, but he has come suddenly awake.
The only sounds are the stamping of their boots as they try to distract him from side to side, and the animalistic grunts they make to scare him.
Suddenly PLATO sees an opening and plunges past MOOSE, pushing him over, and stumbles up the steps.
He falls over a piece of furniture and comes scurrying in to camera, wheels around on hands and knees to face the door.
He hears a murmur of voices from behind the oak door of the library--next to the piano.
Then, suddenly he rises and tries the knob.
His face is working desperately in growing panic.
They fire again.
PLATO wheels and skitters backward across the floor of the observatory on his hands and knees until he comes to the door of the planetarium theater.
Suddenly he sees his son followed by JUDY, run into the planetarium.
Blackness.
PLATO stops and looks off, scared.
There are armed officers everywhere--all waiting, alert.
Suddenly PLATO bolts.
JIM steps forward suddenly and adjusts the blanket covering PLATO.
shot.
Close shot on the row of knives hanging on the wall.
In the mirror, which covers the door of the closet, we see a man approaching slowly, with a knife in his hand.
The man, covered with blood, has his knife raised above his head.
In the background, we hear the noises of the girl who keeps on falling down and breaking the furniture.
She takes the knife and plugs a tube coming from the man's shirt on the knife's handle.
Natasha translates in Russian.
The actor says a few words in Russian, nodding his head.
His Russian assistant, standing near the camera, with an open ring binder in his hands, says a few words in Russian.
The bearded Russian man walks away.
Andy looks up at his Russian assistant.
The Russian assistant says a few words in Russian.
A strong light starts playing on Billy's face, and we hear a Russian voice who seems to come from a loudspeaker.
The electrician says a few words in Russian.
We hear a loud noise, and most of the spotlights are suddenly switched off.
She sits up when she hears the noise.
The sky is darker.
Then he closes the main door of the studio parking lot.
The kitchen seen from the dark living room.
Close dark shot of Billy with the telephone handset to her ear.
She stops again when she hears voices speaking in Russian.
Suddenly we hear a clicking noise in the telephone.
Lyosha talks in Russian to the woman, who is still lying on the bed.
The woman is now very frightened and tries to get free.
The man takes the knife and slowly lifts the knife above his head.
Billy looks more and more frightened.
Lyosha, alerted by the noise, stands up from his camera.
We hear him talking in Russian.
She opens a door and enters a dark room.
She suddenly stops, when she hears a door opening.
Billy is still hiding in a dark corner.
They speak in Russian.
He turns his head to talk in Russian to Lyosha.
We hear the two men talking in Russian.
We hear muffled voices talking in Russian.
We still hear the muffled voices talking in Russian.
We hear banging noises in the background.
Billy looks at the room and is suddenly frightened by something.
He talks to him in Russian.
She stops.
He says a few words in Russian.
A shadow is moving hidden by the building.
She bends over her.
We hear a policeman talking in Russian.
Karen looks, with a worried eye, to the departing Lyosha.
The first policeman takes Lyosha's arm and talks to him in Russian.
Arkadi stabs Andy in the stomach with his knife.
They have both drown their guns.
Karadi, still restrained by the two policemen, is yelling in Russian.
Lyosha talks to him in Russian.
He makes a sign meaning Nothing significant and talks in Russian.
The second policeman shakes hands with Arkadi and Lyosha and goes away with his chief.
We hear the noise of the incinerator, and we see its light on the janitor's face.
Close up shot of a knife hitting a beefsteak.
A man is sitting in the back of the limousine, his face hidden in the dark.
He shakes hands with the two policemen.
Lovett shakes hands with the two policemen.
He talks to Larsen in Russian, and shows him the room where they have to go.
Larsen is making nervous movements with his hands.
The sequence ends with a close shot on Larsen's worried face.
The room becomes dark and the projection starts.
Suddenly, she feels drops of blood on her face.
Andy is lying next to her, asleep.
Karen is looking worried.
We hear the noise of an electric machine.
Billy's eyes widen with horror.
Billy enters her dark kitchen.
She takes a big knife from the table, and rushes out of the kitchen.
Billy rushes in the room, with the knife in her hand.
Billy picks up her big kitchen knife and points it to Arkadi.
He tries to get near Billy, but she is still pointing her knife at him.
He takes his own knife out of his pocket, a switchblade knife.
Both members of the couple swear in Russian.
Arkadi bends his head and the knife hits the piano.
Close up of the piano keyboard, with the knife stuck between two keys.
She takes various knives hanging from the wall and throws them at Arkadi, as he tries to enter the kitchen.
A knife blade comes through the door a few inches from Billy's face.
The door is shaking under Arkadi's blows.
But the door starts falling down under Arkadi's blows.
Billy looks very frightened, afraid of what Lyosha can do to a defenseless naked girl.
And suddenly, she realizes she is free.
The other policeman is speaking in Russian in a walkie-talkie.
Next to him, his passenger is screwing a silencer on his gun.
But she is interrupted by a Russian voice coming from somewhere in the car.
He talks in Russian in the talkie.
The two passenger talks in Russian Billy is trying to force Larsen to stop the car.
The two men talk nervously in Russian.
He speaks in Russian into the talkie.
Billy is walking in the street and she suddenly stops.
She starts crossing the street, and the camera moves to a nook between two building, near the car, and where a man is hiding.
The man, who was hiding between the two buildings, comes out of his hiding nook and runs toward Larsen's car.
He stops suddenly.
The couple was eventually asleep, but with what is happening now in Billy's apartment, they wake up.
The man swears in Russian and puts his night robe on.
Karen says a couple of words in Russian.
The man starts talking rapidly in Russian.
We hear the Russian voices in the parking lot.
They whisper in Russian.
He bends down.
Billy looks very frightened, because she knows that Larsen is going to knock her out.
Billy looks at the men in front of her with a frightened face.
For the spectator, it does looks like bullet going through a body and blood spurting out.
Larsen comes behind her and takes her by the shoulder, saying a few words in Russian.
Wartschuk looks more and more frightened.
Watching Billy and Andy, Larsen has suddenly a worried look on his face.
A kitchen out of the late 1950's.
A premonition.
And suddenly the world is slightly off kilter.
The men come to grips with their own fears, own anger.
Grave.
Suddenly, Scotty Reston pops out of a doorway behind Kenny.
His pronouncement hangs there in the air: ominous, dangerous.
There are dark looks on the faces of the other officers.
He stalks off.
Suddenly a MESSENGER hustles over to Kenny, hands him a note.
Suddenly out of the house totters Adlai, highball in hand.
New York Times publisher ORVILLE DRYFOOS sits at his kitchen table in his underwear, still half-asleep, phone to his ear.
Ninety-percent isn't good enough with nuclear weapons.
The CAMERA PANS down the line...  and stops on a middle-aged matron at the end - the sternest, most scary of them all.
Her voice is so severe, so smoker-gravelled, it makes the blood run cold.
Suddenly, the door opens and a pale DUTY SERGEANT enters.
Suddenly, A BELL RINGS.
Too late to worry about bad fuel now.
The two planes with bad fuel pull wingovers to their left, head for the airfield in the distance.
The missiles.
The Chief stands there, glances at the plane one more time, and shakes his head, 'No.'  Ecker takes the Chief's maintenance clipboard from him, writes in big bold marker: BIRD STRIKES.
Kenny senses him, turns as the others move to shake hands with Rusk.
Sweat runs off Ecker's head.
Suddenly, McNamara's VOICE fills the room.
Holding forth in Russian is VALERIAN ZORIN, 50s, tough, likeable, the Soviet Ambassador to the U.N. and chairman of the Security Council.
That paralyzes Bobby.
Zorin leans forward, begins in Russian, and the Translator's voice catches up with him.
EXCOM is worried.
But Adlai's tremors are not tremors of fear.
There's laughter at Zorin's refusal to be bullied: but it's nervous laughter, not the polite stuff of diplomatic tete-a tete.
McNamara leans against the wall, closes his eyes in exhaustion and stress.
A beat.
Only the chatter of teletype breaks the paralyzing silence.
BANG!
Scali, nervous, unfolds a note.
To top it off, it's in Russian.
They were so close last night...  and suddenly Lundahl and LeMay enter the room with the day's briefing boards.
The blood is gone from their faces.
Then at a hundred yards, the contrail suddenly peters out, and the missile, out of fuel, drops away.
This one is not out of fuel.
Suddenly a car HONKS.
Stops.
But in their eyes, they each see the other's fear, the other's beauty, the other's humanity.
So this is the enemy.
They've already been fueled.
And to Dobrynin's horror, the Russian believes: But not so fast.
A beat.
As Lyndon Johnson's Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara urged containment of the Soviet threat in every theatre of conflict around the world.
Still are.
She looks sympathetically at Max, who is trying not to act nervous (and failing.).
I was worried about you.
His eyes go wide and he frantically crawls backwards.
I'd be afraid to bring any boyfriends home.
I'm a little nervous.
Why are you still on this?
What a nightmare.
It's unnatural.
A typically lame college party, still early in the night.
I missed you.
This is a disaster.
I know my ass is still sore.
Busted.
The very thought of not seeing that movie scares you.
Suddenly, from inside: Max! Beth! Come sit with us! No, I'm sorry.
I got so sick of Soc.
Max wades through the slamdancers, freaked.
Max is near panic but Julie's laughing, getting off on the energy of the room.
You're a riot.
He's easily threatened.
Suddenly, the BUILDING MANAGER walks in.
That's a scary gift.
Watching it without you would be weird.
Unnatural.
I can be a rebel too.
You're over-reacting.
Suddenly, JUDY comes out of a stairwell.
A cop-out.
It sucked but I managed.
You must face your fears.
It was a weird period of my life.
He stops.
Stop it!
He suddenly eats three slices of toast in a second and a half, savagely but neatly.
He is Boggis.
A short, overweight man with one slightly wandering eye.
Watch this.
You're going to get me in a lot of trouble!
He hisses.
Oh, I'm as careful as a -- A door at the top of the stairs opens suddenly with a loud creak.
Rat and Fox look terrified.
It's unhealthy.
They both look badly shaken.
The porch goes dark.
They look scared.
He turns to a confused Kylie and says, panicking: All three!
(sitting up suddenly.)
Why are you yelling at me? Stop! Stop! Stop! Fox and Mrs. Fox turn quickly to Kylie standing in the doorway with a red blanket wrapped around his shoulders.
They look terrified.
Fox suddenly leaps across the room with a wild energy, scrambles halfway up a wall, and throws over two chairs.
Petey looks nervous.
There is a sudden, loud scrabbling noise.
Fox and Badger erupt at each other, screaming simultaneously: You scared the cuss out of us!
(scared and disgusted.)
Badger suddenly stands and rings a knife against his cider glass.
Ash and Kristofferson panic silently.
She looks terrified.
Fox picks himself up, dazed and scared, and looks around at his soaked friends and their families.
That was dangerous.
He looks devastated and terrified.
He stands up suddenly.
I'm sorry, everyone.
Her eyes are burning.
Fox stops suddenly.
They've kidnapped him?
Here you are, Rat.
He has a bandage on his chest.
I can see in the dark?
It is now 10 A.M. Six armed farmhands on the roof of the Nag's Head Tavern.
He shouts to Fox over the sound of the motor: Are you scared of wolves?
The rabid beagle erupts ballistically, attacking like an enraged maniac.
They panic.
Your gunmen kidnapped my nephew.
The farmers shriek and scream and run around, panicking, with their guns blazing.
Fox shouts to the wolf with a strange hitch in his I have a phobia of wolves!
Suddenly a shaft of light penetrates the darkness.
Suddenly Carl elbows Sam and winks.
Suddenly Molly steps INTO the FRAME.
Suddenly we hear a voice call out.
are dancing in the middle of the dark loft.
Suddenly the T.V. blares into the room.
He is sound asleep.
They walk silently down a dark street, heading toward their loft.
Then, suddenly, she stops and looks up.
Suddenly they hear FOOTSTEPS coming after them.
Suddenly the GUN goes off.
The Mugger panics and takes off running.
The two men run down the dark street, but the Mugger is already a full block ahead and disappears into the shadows.
Frightened, Sam calls out.
Suddenly he lets out a blood-curdling scream.
He screams.
He yells out at them.
He gasps in stunned terror.
The Man bangs on Sam's chest.
He bangs again.
It is a scream so consumed by terror that one fears it will never stop.
asleep in bed.
Suddenly, a hand reaches out and touches his shoulder.
Molly is sitting on the bed looking at him, afraid.
Sam doesn't want Molly to go and begins to follow her, but then seems torn, afraid to leave his body.
Sam is terrified.
Suddenly he looks up and freezes.
He stands, almost paralyzed, as the body of the Orderly intersects with his.
The hallway grows dark.
Suddenly, Molly ENTERS THE FRAME.
He is sitting on the floor behind her, knees pressed to his chest, rocking aimlessly.
Suddenly, as if hearing Sam's voice, the cat begins to hiss.
Suddenly Molly yells out.
Frightened and desperate, he rushes for the door knob.
Frightened, he yanks it back.
We sense Sam's fear as his entire arm DISAPPEARS FROM VIEW.
as atoms and electrons spin past him at frightening speed.
Terrifying SOUNDS charge through his body.
He is trembling.
Suddenly, there is a SOUND at the door.
Suddenly we hear a KEY TURNING in the front door.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, Frank appears at the Mugger's feet.
stares at the closed door in a wild panic.
The Ghost flies after him, screeching.
To Sam's terror and amazement, the window SHATTERS.
He hangs up.
Suddenly Sam looks up.
Mrs. Santiago enters a dark room with a window and door leading to a side street.
Suddenly Oda Mae breaks out of her trance.
Oda Mae is beginning to shake again.
Suddenly her whole body stiffens.
Mrs. Santiago is terrified.
She is trembling.
Suddenly we hear Oda Mae yelling up from the street.
She is afraid.
Molly stands up, afraid.
It is dark and full of shadows.
She backs away, afraid.
Molly shakes her head no.
Suddenly the BELL rings.
Within seconds, the terrifying Ghost he had seen before comes charging at him.
Unable to frighten him, the Ghost kicks Sam in the stomach.
The Ghost is shocked.
The Ghost throws himself into it and in an instant he is gone.
Clara and Louise look worried.
One of the GHOSTS standing in the background butts in.
Then, suddenly, an extraordinary thing occurs.
Then suddenly the GHOST speaks through Oda Mae.
Orlando suddenly zeros in on Ortisha.
Suddenly Oda Mae's body begins to shake wildly and her voice booms out, screaming with all her might.
With frightening speed, she sends the spirit catapulting out of her body.
Suddenly her whole body begins heaving.
With a sudden thrust, Oda Mae sends her foot shooting into Willie's balls.
ACCOUNT Panicked, Carl jumps up.
She stops.
She growls again.
Panicked and frightened, Carl flicks off the machine and storms furiously around the room.
Suddenly Carl arrives knocking at her door.
Concerned, she hurries from the room.
Freaked, Carl runs into the kitchen and rushes to the stove.
Sam, frightened, tries with all his might but he cannot twist it.
Sam rushes at Carl about to jam his full fist into his chest, but then he stops, afraid.
He pulls back, shaken.
Suddenly she jumps, aware of Sam's presence in the room.
Oda Mae looks frightened.
Suddenly, the doorbell RINGS.
Willie jumps up, afraid.
Willie is terrified.
Willie tries to get out, but Sam approaches him from behind and appears to dig his hands into his neck.
Willie crumples to his knees.
Suddenly, a man obstructs his way.
Panicked, he calls out to a bystander.
Carl watches in terror.
Another car brakes to avoid a collision and suddenly both cars crash right into him.
With a loud, terrifying shriek, the dark forms swoop down and grab hold of Willie.
They all appear frightened.
Molly rushes at him, attacking him violently.
In total panic, Carl scrambles to get up.
White with fear, Carl grabs Molly and aims his gun at her head.
Carl looks nervous.
A look of abject terror flashes through his eyes.
Frightening black forms are emerging from the darkness.
In a flash, his spirit is caught and surges with the dark forces back into the shadows.
Suddenly, a brilliant light glows from behind the ceiling and the skylight floods the room with a golden haze.
The room grows dark.
Arm in arm, supporting one another, they walk quietly from the room.. Man on the Moon Standing in a nonexistent set is ANDY KAUFMAN, looking a bit nervous.
Andy's hands suddenly YANK her out.
He turns down a dark street, hurrying alone through an unsavory New York neighborhood.
An anxious moment.
Then, he suddenly stammers in a thick FOREIGN ACCENT.
Andy takes a nervous breath, then starts picking his things off the street.
Pink jacket, tie, hair slicked back, frightened like a deer in headlights.
A few NERVOUS LAUGHS.
Suddenly -- "JAILHOUSE ROCK" guitar kicks in.
The men shake.
They're all anxious.
Suddenly, Tony snaps at him.
In the b.g., George suddenly enters.
He HANGS up.
Both men quickly extend their hands and shake.
He is very nervous.
Fear.
There's a little NERVOUS LAUGHTER.
Zmuda and a scared Andy sit inside.
Andy, nervous as a high school kid, points at one...  then another... then the first...  Beat -- then Andy becomes GERMAN, with a monocle and stiff walk.
He reaches the door -- then gives Zmuda a nervous look.
Suddenly Andy flips the girls over and pins them with his arms.
The cast stares in horror.
He does a "fancy" move, and his booze bottle suddenly flies away and CRASHES against the wall.
Ed glances down at the stage...  and suddenly Tony is no longer there.
Suddenly -- FLASH!
Zmuda races by George, and suddenly palms off the camera into George's arms.
Suddenly, something catches his eye -- and in shock he HITS the brakes.
Suddenly -- Tony swaggers out, hands over his head in a gesture of triumph.
The waiters stand there like statues, staring in terror.
Zmuda watches, worried.
But suddenly he rolls over and pulls her hair!
Zmuda hurries over and pantomimes a stern warning.
Suddenly, Andy spins her into a Half-Nelson.
We hear NOISE from the main event above.
Suddenly Andy returns, a strange grin on his face.
Suddenly he STOPS.
Chaos.
Suddenly Maynard runs out of the booth, beaming.
Michael whispers, getting worried.
He looks directly into the camera, nervous, stiff and serious.
Maynard is suddenly very confused.
Suddenly -- DESPERATE BANGING on the door.
Andy strikes a threatening pose.
Stanley is worried.
MUSIC fights the deafening NOISE.
MUSIC fights the deafening NOISE.
Beat.
Freaked, Andy leaps up and storms out.
Freaked, Andy leaps up and storms out.
Suddenly DING-DONG!
Beat.
Suddenly a phone on the floor RINGS.
Who the hell's doing this??
Then he sits down and starts laying out pairs of socks in highly symmetrical patterns.
Suddenly LASSIE runs in, holding a book.
He walks to the door and starts to knock -- when suddenly it creeps open.
The house is dark.
Then suddenly, he breaks down.
Zmuda runs out, horrified.
She's dead.
Suddenly, he COUGHS harshly.
Worried, the women rush to stop him.
Suddenly, a rattletrap COMMUTER PLANE lurches out of the sky.
He stares at all this with fear.
Nervousness.
The man shakes.
He is shocked.
He has died.
Suddenly -- the lights go black.
Tony attacks the chorus.
Immediately following, the building goes dark.
Almost all the buildings visible from the window are dark, the Gate of Alcala in the background is also not lit.
Cut to.
He loses them.
The Girl takes him by the arm, pulling him toward her, frightened.
Harry can feel her watching him.
Cut to.
He falters.
It's her mother, in the middle of a crying fit and panic attack.
The mother speech falters, she is very scared...  Before she calls an ambulance, Lena calls Ernesto Martel.
Cut to.
Cut to.
They shake hands.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Because she is afraid of losing control in her excitement and taking a bite into his jugular... Aha.
The two friends, bewildered and scared, attempt to revive him, but to no avail.
Alex goes with him, very scared.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Lena gazes at him in horror.
Her face is contorted with pain and anxiety.
Cut to.
Julieta throws the crumpled note through the gap in the stairway and looks condescendingly at Pina while she approaches her, prepared to walk down the stairs.
Cut to.
Mateo looks at her, horrified.
Cut to.
Suddenly, Mateo breaks their embrace.
Judit is worried about the wind.
Cut to.
but the actress is lacking grace and her restlessness reveals more about her fear of running into the moving camera, than about the very funny way that the character inhabits her own anxiety.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Judit looks at him, horrified.
Judit sighs, defenseless and horrified.
Cut to.
Slowly, Judit begins to walk the plank that will plunge her into anxiety.
The short sequence of events that she's had to live through since her arrival have been making her increasingly tense and worried.
And Judit feels taken over by an arid anxiety, corrosive, unbearable.
Diego looks at her, scared, he has never seen her like this.
She has overcome the crisis.
They are then distracted by a noise from the car that is about to hit them.
Are you crazy?
He is being interviewed.
Swish, swash, oops, WHAP! Gottcha!!
From her POV in the mirror, the T.V. screen is suddenly obscured by part of the body of a MAN in uniform.
It's a raid!
But then the dreamy quality of this scene is interrupted by threatening rumble.
Stillness.
Suddenly SAM unleashes a terrifying scream and charges the fearsome horde.
The horrible flapping apparition emits a terrifying maniacal laughter as it flies away.
Another crackling noise is heard.
SAM is frozen in position as this terrifying spectacle goes on above him.
SAM heads to the kitchen He finds a knife which he uses to unscrew the window.
He wakes up.
SPOOR approaches the door as if it is dangerous.
By the time she succeeds, SAM is on his hands and knees, in pain.
EVERYONE looks terrified.
This terrifying CREATURE stands over 12 feet high.
He vanishes.
SHIRLEY looks at him terrified.
She types a little more but suddenly stops.
JACK comes from behind the screen with a look confirming just what SAM fears, and hands him a suit.
Suddenly, the BAGGEE breaks away from his GUARDS and begins to cannonball down the corridor directly at SAM. SAM is flattened against the wall as the BAGGEE rockets by.
She is terrified by the suddenness and size of the response to her hitting the desk.
SAM is worried by this suspicious behaviour - reinforced as it is by a Ministry poster on the side of the building that illustrates, almost identically, the action we have just seen along with the warning: "MIND THAT PARCEL.
From behind the DRIVER we can see that the house has settled across the roadway at right-angle to the other houses, making it appear to be a normal dead end street.
It shakes the whole building.
SAM rushes towards them and begins to pull them loose, But before he can, a great cracking noise reverberates thru the ship and a black shadow falls across SAM and the wings.
He vanishes!
Again he vanishes.
But SAM attacks again and the GIANT is forced to do his vanishing act before he can recover the spear.
It is disintegrating.
Down it plummets.
Sam panics.
JILL and SAM are frozen in panic.
SAM looks terrified.
SAM watches, terrified and fascinated.
He lifts up his mask to reveal sweaty face, contorted with fear and anger.
SAM's eyes widen in terror.
The ceiling above and behind JACK is suddenly and.
The forecourt is suddenly illuminated by huge arc lights.
The building is being blown to bits.
TUTTLE is having a bit of trouble walking against the steadily increasing wind.
SAM grabs MATTHEWS round the neck and shakes him.
In his panic he crashes against the coffin which topples over spilling its contents ...  a hundredweight of offal.
He stops.
Serozha is a little frightened of his father, but the mother and son are in love.
I have a suspicion.
Kitty panics.
Kitty flees.
Oblonsky joins the horrified onlookers.
Kitty is not at all frightened of Anna now; enraptured by her, laughing.
She is anxious but not disillusioned.
Suddenly, Vronsky is at Anna's side.
The encounter has left her feeling elated and frightened.
He falls quickly asleep.
Warn me?
"The regiment."
She is concerned.
He shakes his head: nothing.
Serozha looks scared to tears.
She is still shaken by the showdown with Karenin in his coach, but is now overtaken by concern for Vronsky after his fall.
He wakes.
It's a reprise.
Levin is shaken.
Dolly leads him to Kitty, who is frightened, shy and shamefaced.
Dolly and Karenin sit knee-to-knee in a corner.
His own eyes flood.
She strokes him.
Kitty, eager and anxious, looks at the approaching house.
Agafia panics.
The room has been abandoned for years . . .
Annushka, asleep in a chair, waiting loyally, wakes up.
Vronsky is asleep.
Annushka, after a tap on the door, comes in cautiously, worried.
I'm frightened."
The vets seem older than their years and although some show the physical scars of combat, there is no doubt that the greatest trauma for these men is behind the eyes.
As they pass the open doors of the rooms of the "chronic ward", haunted eyes turn toward them.
Men whose souls have fled.
Exhilaration mixing with terror of the demon he can't turn away from.
Brewer and Trautman, in fatigues, jump out and join him as Kirkhill approaches.
Fuhrman, the co-pilot, grins too much and Lifer's eyes are just plain scary.
An unbroken carpet of dark rain forest with a narrow, meandering river, like a platinum ribbon.
The dark maw swallows us in blackness.
Furtive.
He lays backward in the black slop as a VIETNAMESE MAN in peasant pajamas comes to the door of the nearest hootch, an island of light in the dark forest.
SUDDENLY A DARK OBJECT SHOOTS INTO FRAME, seizing him.
Brewer is hurled against a stone wall and pinned with a knife to his throat so rapidly he's not sure how it happened.
Rambo moves on, still concerned.
Rambo motions suddenly for a "freeze".
Co's eyes drop and her whole demeaner deflates slightly.
Co shrugs.
Suddenly there is a commotion on deck.
Sweat runs into his eyes.
As they reach the top of the rise, CAMERA BOOMS UP over the shoulder of the embankment to reveal a COMPOUND beyond, dark except for moonlight.
A Russian-made P.K. 7.62mm machine gun sits pointing skyward.
Stops.
His wrists are clamped in a wooden STOCK and blood runs down his arms from the abraded sores.
Rambo holds his wrists up, right under Brewer's nose...  showing the chafing scars.
DOLLYING WITH RAMBO at ground level as he crawls under the wire and undulates from shadow to shadow.
A fourth guard eases an arm around his neck, a long knife held under his jawline.
Her expression is terrifying.
The knife falls.
In shock.
Drops.
He sags to his knees.
His fatigues are matted to the skin by dried blood from hip to knee.
DOLLY BACK, PRECEDING TWO RUSSIAN OFFICERS who tower above the Vietnamese as they stride across the camp.
Vinh sends the gawking guards scurrying with strident yells as he follows the two Russians into the room.
Podovsk notices the long criss-crossed scars on Rambo's chest and back.
Co cuts his throat in one motion with a BUSH KNIFE.
Before Co can use the knife on Palyushin, Capt.
She drops it.
Palyushin, his nose and mouth streaming blood, claws his way up the desk and reels across the dark room to Podovsk.
The RUSSIAN PILOT is waiting dutifully near his machine as Palyushin approaches.
Arms.
He stares around, terrified, staggers back, lip quivering.
He crashes into a panic-stricken young man on a bicycle, spilling them both.
Rambo leaps onto the running board of the cab and points his pistol through the window at the terrified OLD MAN driving.
He freezes in his tracks as the nightmare begins again.
He stops.
More grenades.
The big Russian appreciatively pats the MINIGUN bolted in the main door as he climbs in.
Suddenly, the thunder cuts off.
FIRES.
Rambo cradles Co, whose blouse is drenched with blood.
In the spacious MAIN COCKPIT which overlooks the lower WEAPONS BAY blister, PODOVSK is seated with the Russian pilot.
Suddenly the rocks END, dropping away.
CRACK!
Fires.
Fires.
The pilot turns, terrified, as Rambo advances on him.
His eyes burn.
Rambo sees what he needs, a narrow river, a tributary of the Ca, slicing through the rain forest.
Rambo is hit in the shoulder and chest.
watching.
It shears through trees, breaking up, and EXPLODES Rambo is tensed, like a thousand volts are flowing through him.
And stops.
Kirkhill's aide, in dark glasses, moves forward to restrain him.
Stopping.
A soldier riding next to Davey is shot.
SUDDENLY, the woods ERUPT with gunfire.
Omura suddenly speaks.
Terror.
White face painted geishas walk alongside bearded Russians.
She calls out in terror.
General Yoshitaka is suddenly alert.
Bagley looks worried.
Closer and closer...  Algren notes some of the Japanese soldiers are literally shaking in fear.
The Japanese troops are terrified The order is translated.
The silence is shattered as the charging samurai roar out ancient war- cries that chill the blood -- sweeping forward on their hones like lightning -swords and spears flashing The Japanese troops fire then quickly begin trying to reload their single shot rifles -- others fumble at the ask and then break and run-- Panic and chaos-- Too late-- the samurai are on them-- They attack with an intensity few have ever seen -- many of the Japanese soldiers try to escape, turning and running in blind panic -- they are butchered-- run through by the ashigaru, cut inhalf by the naginata.
Fleeing soldiers are run through by lances, run down and trampled by horses.
Blood fl ows down his faces and into his eyes.
Algren watches in horror.
He crawls to Gant, blood pouring from his own injured back and shoulder.
And suspicion.
He is impressed at the many battle wounds on Algren's body; the old bullet wounds and scars.
Trapped in his recurrent nightmare.
Back in the house Yoritomo and the woman are asleep in separate rooms.
Yoritomo looks It Algren and shakes his head, no.
Algren sits hunched in a dark corner.
His body is convulsed with shivering.
She stares at him, the breath being squeezed out of her, but there is not even a whisper of fear in her eyes.
They attack with wooden swords.
Algren's sword is knocked from his hands, then, somehow in the same fluid movement, Ujio brings the sword around and cracks Algren across the chest hard enough to knock the breath from his body and lend him to his kneels.
Algren manages to parry one blow, before he is cracked across the face, and blood begins to flow free1y from his nose.
Ujio reaches down, pries it from his fingers, and breaks it across his knee.
A sudden Movement of their eyes, causes Uji o to stop.
He and another man face off, each waiting for the other to attack with his wooden sword.
In a flurry of movement, his opponent manages to deflect the blows and also knock Algren to his knees.
A beat.
A beat.
Other Ninjas catch the samurai's weapons as they fall.
The Ninjas use mew claws to crawl up the walls like spiders.
Stops.
He pulls out a shuriken -- a small needle-shaped projectile, dips it into a sack of poison.
Alert.
But more Ninjas are pouring in through the window, threatening to overwhelm him.
Then, just as a Ninja it about to kill Algren, Katsumoto FLINGS his short sword ...  it pin-wheels across the room, hitting Algren's attacker in the chest.
Spider's web of telegraph cables spread from a tall new brick building.
...  French ...Dutch ... Russian ...German.
Brutally.
Yoritomo remains kneeling, head down, blood flowing down his face.
As Katsumoto dresses, Algren notes that Katsumoto's body it at battleground of old scars, so like his own.
The two Ronin step out from the shadows and face him, their hands on their swords.
Behind him, Another dangerous looking Ronin joins the one who has been following him.
It is the attack  replayed in real-time.
Suddenly, from below, the raised voices of guards.
Suddenly, a cadre of Omura guards emerge from the shadows.
A beat.
Graham shrinks away in fear.
Suddenly, Higen jumps up and bolts...  out of the room.
Nakao is standing proudly, his massive arms folded across his chest.
Terrifying martial columns in strict formation.
Stop.
Suddenly, fiercely, they are holding each other.
Artillery.
Suddenly, the Samurai break ranks and trot into a new defense alignment.
They fire again.
And from the second barricade, two large CA TAPULTS send balls of flaming pitch into the already panicking soldiers.
Stunned.
The attack is reforming.
But now three more soldiers have levelled their weapons, and a ruthless volley staggers him again.
Cowers in fear, looks around, but there is nowhere to hide.
They let loose a lethal volley.
Then a soldier near him does the same thing.
He is dead.
Watching.
A glimpse of somebody in shadow under a sweatshirt hood, staring at us, in and out of the dark as...
They answer, shrieking, "Oh, yeah!"...  up and down, running along a dark road in the dead of night, passing vacant lots with debris amid trees and faded buildings.
He passes the husk of an abandoned car, a pastel storefront.
A WHITE LIGHT suddenly hits him from behind.
He's dismissive.
It will haunt him for most of his life.
The man holding the paper sees the boy's fear and pushes the paper out at him as a rough joke.
A Doctor claps a cuff around Cassius' arm, taking blood pressure.
What he sees as his eyes close is: The blur of Pacheco taking his blood pressure.
He is fearful of the monster whose punches he has yet to feel.
Liston, angered, panicked, knows he's losing and goes after Cassius and misses wildly as the BELL ends Round Three...  stands a moment before he sits.
A knife-like pain.
The room's near dark.
And we see Cassius has fallen asleep on the sofa.
engulf them.
asleep with the television on.
Muhammad, unable to sleep, a nervous flyer, gets up.
He shakes his head "no" and walks off.
He hangs up.
Ali's never been as light on his feet, as fast, as complex as in this fight.
Oddly, he shakes hands with each of a half a dozen white Houston Bailiffs.
He shakes each of their hands.
The city flees and SUDDENLY disappears as we race into the dark tunnel of subway.
SUDDENLY LIGHTS slash across his face in the white-tile North Avenue station.
shakes it off.
He's nervous.
It is a shining moment after living under the threat of imprisonment for three-and-a-half years.
looks swollen,      out of breath.
THE is knocked down onto his knee.
It shakes.
The Zairian Official and four cops fade back, nervous about being in so large a crowd.
It's still.
Disappeared, is where they were.
They fail.
Danger's in the air.
But being strategic, he is a threat to Ali. George has a first-rate team.
And suddenly we...  Lights flood it.
WORRIED FACES in the crowd.
suddenly switches.
The wind moves through it, snakes through it.
RAY LEVOI, late 20's, early 30's, pulls out of a threatening traffic jam and races on the narrow right between thirty cars and a cement girder.
A beat.
Poverty.
Crow Horse appears to be getting on his bike when suddenly he moves like a cat and lays his knife to the dead man's head.
It dies.
As the two feds approach the bar, Cooch looks up at the warning sign.
Praying softly.
Cooch traps his bleeding arm between his knees to stanch the blood.
He shakes the rattle very slightly, moving it in front of Ray.
that takes us straight into -- CLOSE ON A TERRIFYING FACE -- painted in blazing red and yellow, black around the eyes.
Up on the dash.
On his belt, a .357
Stalking.
Crow Horse looks nervous.
Ray looks at Crow Horse, nervous.
Blackness.
Still.
Then watches him again.
paralyzed for a moment.
But there's a shorter distance now between the horseman and the car and Ray has no choice but to turn and flee.
His boots slap wet pavement, and his breath draws heavy and desperate as he bounds off the road and races down a grassy slope, looking over his shoulder, panicking.
SCREAMING.
He FIRES.
He rummages like a nervous thief and comes up with a folder.
Ray is trying hard not to reveal his horror at this confession, at this understanding of the machinery.
He pulls off the road quickly, throwing up dust into the already foggy night, the car goes out of control.
A world that frightens him.
He hurries back down the steps, starts around the back of the house and something attacks him, leaps at him from the dark, knocking him off his feet, into the grass.
COYOTES.
It was buried.
Horrified.
He looks out across the plains to see -- THREE FED CARS in the distance, fast approaching, dust rising.
Then drops it.
Then alarmed.
Cooch is panicking, his eyes running along the high edge.
Then the rifle.
He looks back at Sherman who does the same, and all the way down the line, everyone dropping their arms under the threat of a lot more guns from above.
Camera takes Blane and Scott into a cinderblock building which houses a shooting range.
Scott, asleep.
A Crewman shakes him awake.
ANGLE TIGHT on Scott as he flicks open his switchblade, and holds his knife up to the Businessman's throat and whispers.
Beat.
There is a beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
The Businessman, terrified, is silent.
We see the terrified Businessman in the background, as Anton tries to reason with Scott.
The Businessman is terrified.
Beat.
Beat.
Beyond him we see Anton, asleep in his chair.
They kill her.
BEAT.
The dark beach house.
He stops.
The car comes to a panic stop, fifty yards beyond a turnoff onto a dirt road.
ANGLE, on Tracey, as she is overcome, and tries to steady herself.
Beat.
Several exhausted young men in sweat stained fatigues watch a lecturer, with a knife in his hand, demonstrating a manoeuvre with a trainee.
The lecturer, executing unarmed combat moves against a trainee, who holds a knife.
The trainee picks up the knife.
Beat.
The Trainee goes into a knife fighting stance.
Next to him, the redhead from the bar, also naked, comes awake, frightened, looking at Scott.
He turns, and we see that it is Anton, his arm in a slig, his face creased by pellet scars.
Beat.
Scott shakes him off and starts after the bus.
Beat.
ANGLE on Scott's hand, as it snakes quietly past the Rangers card, on which we read: "Rule #15: Don't sleep past dawn - Dawn's when the French and Indians attack", and comes up with an automatic pistol.
The terrified Bellboy shows a "Do Not Disturb" sign, which he holds.
Beat.
Surreptitiously.
Beat.
Laura, asleep, at a small cardtable.
Beat.
He takes the ashtray to the small table, takes out his knife, and begins shredding the butts, and gathering the tobacco into a pile.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
And screams.
ANGLE on the man with the knife, approaching him.
What are you so worried about?
I'm worried that you're still thinking about this girl.
So...  you're into strangers?
Aiden walks away, freaked out.
Adam gets up and shakes the cobwebs.
(a la Lethal Weapon 2.) Diplomatic immunity.
He lets it hang in the air for a moment, as if it's suddenly going to gel for everyone.
Should we warn him?
Listen putz, if you're gonna try to attack me again, my boyfriend will be here soon.
Sold them my iPod.
Adam and Nick watch the car pull out of the parking lot.
The car SHAKES VIOLENTLY.
You have a problem.
Hear me out.
OK, each of you has to tell your darkest, most personal secret.
I've never told anyone this, but I was afraid of scary movies until I was 18.
Oh you poor thing!
She takes Jacob's head to her chest and strokes it gently.
Baby, I'm sorry.
Adam, freaked out, HANGS UP his phone.
Baby, I gotta go.
It vanished.
Who the hell are you?
Blaine PULLS A KNIFE.
Tad and Chaz also PULL KNIVES.
Back to work!
Lou takes a bite and SHRUGS.
Didn't think you'd be scared.
I have a helicopter waiting in the parking lot and a private jet on my airfield five minutes away.
I killed myself.
They sit in horrified silence for a bit.
Oh my god, what happened?
There are hundreds of people out Mark Lijek and Bob Anders look out windows, nervous, but not like the Iranian VISA APPLICANTS who are close to panic.
He starts to panic.
A cascade of voices and energy -- a reverberation from the embassy siege -- the building exploding into a crisis center.
They're out for blood, Tony.
What's on the ground?
Today, a clear threat to place the remaining 50 Americans on trial as spies.
risk -- into the house.
A dark room where hostages are kept in groups of two.
Cut!
What are you shooting?
You be me hearing you.
Reacts.
A beat.
Mendez ready to go -- But see -- it worries me, what you said, and I'll tell you why.
You're divorced?
They caught the shah's chief of security trying to get on a plane to Paris.
The Wind.
He hangs up.
Mendez approaches the iconic building.
I'll defend myself.
Snake charmers and flying carpets.
He shakes Tony's hand and they start to walk to Taylor's car.
A beat.
Terrified, being led out at gunpoint.
(after a beat.)
The feeling here is dangerous.
We go to the bazaar today, we fly out tomorrow.
You won't want to scare them.
A nervous smile.
Trying to deal with anxiety.
Mendez gets out and they speak and shake hands.
It all just changed.
Joint Chiefs are planning a military rescue of the hostages in a month.
If we tell them, they'll panic.
Cora Lijek has darker hair.
Yes, it's Mr. Murphy calling from Pace Academy for Mr. Jordan...  I'm afraid it IS an emergency... Hold just a moment.
These are the villains.
A beat.
then as tragedy.'
The six fled the country posing as Canadian diplomats.
And suddenly it's dead-quiet.
A beat.
Shock.
Okay, you're under arrest.
Dale helps them maneuver the gurney down the hall, leaving a small black child, alone and frightened, in their wake.
Alec suddenly spots TOMMY BANCROFT, an older version of Alec, across the room.
I enjoy being afraid of Russia.
It's a harmless fear.
Approaching a corner,-he immediately achieves nonchalance as he "accidentally" runs into Dale at the entrance.
That's what I'm afraid of.
They are both asleep as the PHONE RINGS.
Wendy worries.
Cancer.
I'm very committed and I think I should get my own apart...  Suddenly, one of Wendy's Nephews comes running into the room excitedly.
What, is he crazy?
What the hell is that... ?
Blood flows.
He's bleeding.
What are you afraid of?
Watch this.
Wendy, we came to see you because we're both worried about you.
No, Jules, that was the scam that Leslie and I worked out because we were worried about you.
Your were worried about moi?
We were worried about you and this affair with your boss.
Leslie and Wendy are worried.
I'm obsessed.
.. I steal People magazine from my dentist's office.
Watch.
You just want a yearly Christmas card with the Newberrys in front of the fireplace.. You're just afraid to commit.
It's still the same.
What are you doing.with a coffin?
as an outsider?
Ouch...  (as she stops.)
She attacks him, biting his hands, his neck and his chest.
And who the hell are you?
Mr. Beamish suddenly gets a cramp in his leg.
Down below Jules jumps into a small dark Mercedes, helped by a slightly nefarious-looking hunk.
Jules, you're really scaring me now.
Suddenly, Alec and Kevin become aware that they are alone.
The VOICE belongs to a DERELICT -- nineteen or twenty, acne-scarred -- who sits between two garbage cans, his palm uplifted.
MOM grabs JIMMY and backs up against a brick wall, too terrified to scream.
MOM's mouth opens in panic.
EDDIE lets out a strange, pre-verbal squeal...  ... and NICK sees THE HUMAN BAT, BACK ON ITS FEET, Panic.
A LEG snakes out.
A BLACK BOOT catches EDDIE high on the chest -- -- AND SENDS HIM FLYING THROUGH THE AIR.
ECKHARDT throws a nervous glance back in KNOX's direction.
She unbuttons her sleeve, rolls it back to show KNOX a long fresh scar on the inside of her arm.
He winces -- then points to the scar and adds, slyly: KNOX suddenly freezes.
Snake eyes.
The SECURITY GUARD in a glass booth at the entrance to the parking lot.
Maces.
Without bothering to shake hands BRUCE does a sharp 180 and strides hurriedly out of the room.
EXTENDS ITS ARMS -- like giant WINGS -- revealing the yellow-and-black insigne on its massive chest.
A bullet hits him squarely in the chest.
But before he can paralyze JACK...
A BLACK SHADOW scurries across the roof.
A beat.
The DOCTOR, a nervous little ferret with the bedside manner of a back-alley abortionist, steps up with a scissors.
GRISSOM is beginning to panic now.
And fires.
The room is still dark.
The CRIMELORDS recoil in horror.
SUDDEN SCREAMS OF TERROR from the onlookers.
He looks up at the sky overhead, terrified.
He sees her reaction and his face goes slack -- frightened, pleading.
Like a happy kindergartener, with paste pot and scissors, he's CLIPPING PHOTOS from a magazine -- horrible scenes of death, destruction, panic, mutilation.
Suddenly DAVE is up out of his seat, mouth agape in horror.
PANICKED TECHNICIANS swarm the booth.
She hears a strange HISSING NOISE.
VICKI at her table, still wearing the gas mask, scared as hell.
The overhead lights wink out and the room goes dark.
VICKI gazes at the awful face of this deranged visionary, getting more frightened by the minute.
His hands go up.
VICKI can't take her eyes off this strange figure drifting eerily through the abandoned tea room.
The side that's turned to side we VICKI lurches out of her seat, knocking it over, HER FACE FROZEN IN HORROR.
She GASPS.
They slow.
They STOP.
And stop.
VICKI clambers down and quickens her pace, tossing a nervous glance over her shoulder every couple of steps.
And GASPS.
VICKI frowns, looks through the windshield, and SEES -- much to her horror -- an enormous SHEER CLIFF WALL Wide-eyed, she looks at BATMAN.
There are TWO BIG BRUISES on the center of his chest.
She shivers.
He's asleep, head nestled peacefully against his father's shoulder.
But MARTHA is paralyzed, afraid to move.
The instant his wife is threatened, THOMAS ATTACKS.
BRUCE stands paralyzed in shock.
AND WE CUT.
face slack with horror.
The room is dark but for a small table lamp.
Panicked, the MAYOR and co.
Then, suddenly, a KNOCK at the door.
With a single sweep of the arm, he flings THREE DRUG-TIPPED NINJA WHEELS at the thugs, catching one in the neck, one in the shoulder, one in the hip.
What he sees there...  CURDLES HIS BLOOD.
PANIC DOWN BELOW as the JOKER's van barrels through the crowd, HORN BLARING.
On its side, in bright red letters, a WARNING: "DANGER - The JOKER reaches into the back for a HIGHWAY FLARE.
ONLOOKERS SCREAM IN TERROR.
He's realized, to his horror, that he would just as soon be dead.
Shaken now, and sweating profusely, he looks up at BRUCE...  who stands calmly over him, adjusting his necktie.
He sits cross-legged on the floor, slumps forward slightly, and closes his eyes.
Instantaneous mass panic: the GOVERNOR shouts to his aides as ONLOOKERS mob the stage.
In the pitch-black subways, TERRIFIED COMMUTERS are seized by claustrophobia.
They're jazzed, oblivious to danger.
FRIGHTENED PEDESTRIANS race past OVERTURNED CARS.
Suddenly KNOX's eyes bug out.
On its massive distended belly...  a BURNING YELLOW OVAL.
The frightened GOONS turn in unison.
An abrupt flurry of motion -- feet and fists flying -- quick flashes of red and green -- -- and THREE GOONS lie paralyzed on the street.
A beat.
Ancient and creepy.
Dried blood cakes his face, his chest.
His eyes fall on the trapdoor.
A dark, moonless night.
Bennings lets out with an ouch.
He helps a shaken Bennings up off the table.
More blackness.
A beat.
Frenetic.
Screams.
Then the camera appears to shake as the ground beneath it quivers.
A beat.
A danger.
Nervously.
Growls.
They attack.
The shadow suddenly lurches upward, seeming larger.
The light has been broken and it is pitch black.
Norris shakes his head no.
Palmer shakes a magazine at him adamantly.
Blair, worried and pale, tries to keep up with him.
Wind.
The door to one of the cockpits is slightly ajar.
Suddenly a steel-like, arachnid-shaped arm shoots out in pain and with incredible force pierces the fiberglass chassis of the snowmobile.
A horrified silence.
Sanchez twitches, terrified.
Garry senses the nervous and inquiring eyes on him.
in terror, runs at top speed through the narrow corridors.
He frantically tries to load, but is too nervous.
The two men's faces, locked in fear.
Norris breathing heavily from the activity, massages his chest.
Blair jumps in fear, spilling his can.
He looks haggard and afraid.
Nervous.
Palmer, his face set in horror, yanks him back.
Palmer, his mouth agape with terror, screams and points to the closing door to their rear.
Fear.
Nauls and Norris, who have silently crept in through the supply window, come flying through the hacked-up door and barrel into MacReady.
Nauls crawls away, quickly.
Nauls crawls over to him and shakes him.
A beat.
Nauls listens to Norris' chest.
Copper climbs up on the table and straddles Norris' chest.
His chest begins to break up and spread.
They watch on in stunned horror as The Thing that was Norris begins to change, to spread awkwardly on the slab.
He has untaped the explosives from his chest and laid them on the nearby table next to two more boxes of dynamite.
A beat.
Screech!!!
The blood howls, trying to crawl off the plate.
Busted.
Hiss.
Hiss.
A beat.
Their voices drowned out.
The door begins to pound from the outside.
The terror forces him to drag faster, oblivious to the pain.
The floor shakes.
A ruin.
He hangs up.
The man kicks free and tries to flee.
Blood on his hands.
Kimble, numbed by the event, washes the blood off his hands in the kitchen sink.
A cop takes his blood-stained tux jacket, and another hands him a parka.
He is in "why" shock.
Snaked across the floor.
In this delicate moment a SHIVER runs through the bus.
With other things to worry about, Kimble tries to stop Young Guard's bleeding.
But Old Guard fumbles the key-ring, his hands shaking as much as the bus.
The train light spider-webs across cracked windows.
He pants.
The Guard's eyes suddenly open wide.
His heart pounding, brain clicking, fighting panic.
Suddenly he realizes he's in water.
Face dark and desperate.
Dangerous.
He lays motionless, exhausted.
He fights the paranoia.
From behind him we suddenly hear the sound of POLICE SIRENS.
We see Renfro and Newman watch the house from across the street, behind a deserted house.
In a flash, Copeland yanks Newman's arm behind his back and presses a knife against the deputy's neck and moves him out of the room.
He backs through the second bedroom door, pulling Newman into the - Newman's eyes are pure terror - the blade pressed against his throat.
Suddenly he hears a NOISE behind him at the bedroom door He whips Newman around and we see: A shoe hits the floor.
The knife falls to the floor.
Kimble mopping the trauma room hallway.
The one-armed man's arm coming off in the fight.
Kimble shifts the materials into his clothes, closes his coat and suddenly he stops.
straps...  looking for a key to the identity of the one-armed man.
In passing through the trauma hallway he becomes aware of a crisis developing.
Orderlies quickly move the non-life-threatening patients out of the hall.
The crisis has wound down.
The fight with the One-Armed Man.
Kimble fights the One-Armed Man.
Anne rides the elevator back to trauma.
The two cops rush to stairs and Kimble immediately moves toward the doors, fast but not running.
Kimble closing in on the door when suddenly a KLAXON HORN sounds.
A cop stares up at Sykes' house from across the street.
Roosevelt suddenly goes on the defensive.
On the mention of Kimble, Roosevelt becomes visibly nervous.
Suddenly a man, sitting in the rear of the car, stands and blocks Kimble's view of the Cop.
Suddenly the door behind Sykes opens and the Transit Cop enters.
Kimble moves for the gun as Sykes comes up, catches Kimble in the stomach, knocks him back.
Heavily-armed CPD units pull up.
He drives a blow into Kimble's stomach.
Several doctors point them in the direction Kimble and Nichols fled.
The wire stresses.
The NOISE is DEAFENING.
Kimble moves away from the terrified man, when he hears a voice from the other end of the laundry.
They hold a look as deputies and police flood into the room surrounding Kimble and handcuffing him.
A BEAT.
The following DIALOGUE is in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN, -- The Priests back away, scared shitless, obviously his arrival was unexpected.
Suddenly, the doors are RAMMED from the other side, --WHAM!
Imhotep, filled with dread, reads from a OBOOKO made out of pure GOLD.
Strange LIGHT suddenly FLASHES across the faces of the slaves and the EGYPTIAN SOLDIERS.
Suddenly, everyone's fear-filled eyes all rise, as if watching Anck-su-namun's body rising.
Killing them.
Imhotep's knife-wielding Priests attack the now unarmed Soldiers, hacking at them in the flickering darkness as Imhotep and the Mumia solemnly watches.
Anck-su-namun's EYES suddenly FLY OPEN.
Imhotep lifts a sacrificial knife above Anck-su-namun's breast, about to plunge it down.
Dying once again.
His eyes widen in terror as an Embalmer moves to insert the red hot poker up his nose.
The Mumia's dogs attack and quickly eat it.
Armed to the teeth.
And that's when the cowardly Legionnaire Colonel suddenly panics, cuts and runs.
The horses SCREECH and BELLOW and SNORT in fear, then buck like fury and haul-ass away as if the devil himself had scared them.
Suddenly, the sand begins to shift under O'Connell's feet.
He starts to back away, keeping his eyes on the transforming sand, it looks like huge snakes are wiggling and writhing beneath it, forming lines and shapes, -- drawing a picture.
Looks around, at a statue of Anubis, another of Horus, they stare down at Evelyn, who is starting to get scared now.
-- A hideous rotted MUMMY sits up and SCREECHES at her! Evelyn SCREAMS, drops the torch and backs away, scared out of her wits.
Evelyn punches him hard in the chest.
Then suddenly, it UNFOLDS ITSELF, almost-mechanically, turning itself into the KEY.
The Curator freezes, suddenly very nervous, then he recovers.
The Curator leans across his desk, fear in his eyes.
BACK DOWN WITH: Evelyn, recovering, she clears her throat.
And that's when the warden suddenly brushes past, tipping his raggedy hat.
O'Connell sticks a knife under Beni's throat.
O'Connell pulls the knife away.
O'Connell grins as Evelyn flees down the deck.
Evelyn's terrified eyes glance down.
Hot melted wax covers Hook's face as he holds his sore eye and struggles to the door.
People are SCREAMING and SHOUTING, lots of panic.
Hook suddenly stumbles up behind him, -- now a FLAMING TORCH.
The Warden shivers in fear.
A VOLCANO.
Getting darker and darker as they go.
The Warden crawls into a DARK CHAMBER and LIGHTS A TORCH.
The other Diggers back away, scared shitless.
Again he YELLS.
They SCREAM.
IT BURROWS IT'S WAY UP HIS FAT BELLY AND ACROSS HIS HAIRY CHEST.
A GUST OF WIND blows through the camp.
The campfire FLICKERS O'Connell and Jonathan share a nervous look.
Waiting for the attack.
O'Connell and Evelyn laugh, guiltily And then O'Connell suddenly kneels down and sticks his ear to the sand.
A BEAT.
A vicious tattooed Mumia Rider races at her. Evelyn quickly backpedals over the rocks, terrified.
Evelyn looks at O'Connell, suddenly very worried.
Evelyn gives O'Connell a nervous look.
Several fear-filled, sweaty-faced Diggers reach into the secret compartment.
The Egyptologist gives them the evil-eye The Egyptologist slowly and carefully reads the inscription: A GUST OF WIND blows through the chamber.
Beni and the Egyptologist share a fear-filled look.
Scared to death.
Henderson and Daniels start to pry at the lid of the wooden chest.
In the background, Beni starts backing away, filled with fear, sweating buckets.
Jonathan shivers.
The Americans have their guns aimed at the chest.
Daniels kicks the chest.
She and O'Connell share a nervous look, then Evelyn shrugs and starts reading.
-- BIG SCARY MUSIC STING.
The horrible herd of vicious scarabs scurries between them, their ear-piercing CHITTERS send shivers up Evelyn's spine.
The Digger suddenly trips and falls.
The Digger SCREAMS in horror as the herd of scarabs run over him, eating straight through him, leaving behind the Digger's half eaten skeleton.
Daniels Henderson and Jonathan react in horror.
Evelyn shivers in fear.
Burns starts to crawl away, whimpering as he goes.
O'Connell shudders, then, embarrassed by his fear, he opens his own mouth and ROARS right back at him -- Then BLASTS him with the elephant gun, --BLAM!
Jonathan, Henderson, Daniels and the Egyptologist are already on their knees, hands over their heads.
Beni retreats into a corner, scared shitless.
A BEAT.
A look of pure fear registers on Burns, face.
He suddenly jumps away from the bar and runs for the door.
LIGHTNING FLASHES as O'Connell races across the compound, knocking several Soldiers out of his way, panic stricken.
A BLAST OF THUNDER AND LIGHTNING scares her.
The Egyptologist stumbles through the dark alleys, looking haunted.
O'Connell and Jonathan look at each other, panicked.
Both look wired with fear.
He SHRIEKS, drops the cat and stumbles back towards the window, -- which suddenly BLOWS OPEN.
Jonathan aims his gun at the window, his hand shaking badly.
Evelyn sits between him and O'Connell, looking scared and nervous, then she gives O'Connell a look.
Daniels leans forward from the back seat, filled with fear, They race into the driveway of the museum of Antiquities.
Suddenly, a BREEZE kicks-in.
Beni is at his side, looking very nervous.
Daniels eyes them, filled with fear.
Daniels whimpers in fear, tears pour down his cheeks.
Then suddenly one of the hideous ghouls CRASHES through the windshield!
Jonathan looks worried.
Both men are scared out of their wits and SCREAMING in fear.
The plane suddenly starts to move, the sand sinks under their feet, they quickly high-tail-it away.
Beni suddenly looks worried.
Jonathan's eyes widen in terror as the knife passes in front of his face.
FIRES.
He FIRES again.
More mummies start coming out of the walls and crawling out of the piles of gold.
Now there's only one way out, -- another dark, creepy passageway.
Evelyn's eyes widen in amazement and horror.
Then suddenly, the strange MIST wafts up out of the swirling hole and over to the sacred jars, it passes through them and into Evelyn.
Anck-su-namun's crusty EYELIDS suddenly POP OPEN.
Evelyn's eyes widen in horror.
O'Connell STRIKES the sacrificial knife out of his hand.
The Priests stand up, swords and knives in hand, they ATTACK O'Connell.
O'Connell RACKS and CHOPS at the attacking Priest-mummies, fighting his way to Evelyn.
More mummies attack O'Connell force him back.
More Priest-mummies attack, forcing him away.
Anck-su-namun ATTACKS Evelyn.
He shakes it off.
Evelyn turns and faces Imhotep and reads an inscription: Imhotep pivots and looks at Evelyn, a look of sheer terror on his face.
And then suddenly THE SPIRITS OF THE EGYPTIAN GODS waft out of the black bog and SWIRL around the Priest-mummies.
The sword scrapes Imhotep's chest, -- a swath of blood appears across Imhotep's chest where the sword hit him.
Imhotep touches the blood on his chest, amazed and horrified.
Beni-backs away from the wall, wide-eyed, filled with fear.
A car pulls up outside the modest building.
As Jack pulls out and begins driving across the parking lot, Kurt waves.
Suddenly, the car's HORN begins to honk in a CONSTANT BLARE.
That's entrapment.
This is how I grieve, okay?
You're my bitch.
That's over the line.
That's over the line?
In the middle of the night!
That little boy must have been terrified.
It's crazy out here.
After a beat.
-- Dale lies on the dentist chair, his eyes open and his hands behind his head with Julia at his crotch, apparently fellating him.
This is so dangerous.
Kill you?
They're watching me.
We're outside.
Suddenly, the box slips out of Dale's hands.
If he's so scared of us, why doesn't he just leave us alone?! Dale plays a bowling game on his cell phone.
How about I go in the house and get my -- Suddenly, Harken begins to choke and his face grows increasingly red.
Dale takes the cap off the epi-pen, raises his arm and jams the needle into Harken's chest.
Suddenly, Nick looks up to see HARKEN knocking on Pellit's door.
He shot him.
With shaking hands, Nick reaches for his ignition but knocks the car keys out.
You slept with her, didn't you?
I'm a rapscallion.
A traffic cam caught this vehicle fleeing the scene of a crime tonight.
Kurt, Nick and Dale sit in a waiting area looking equal parts terrified and pissed at each other.
We're dead.
Where were you during the murder?
A beat.
Now it's Kurt and Nick who look nervous.
Stop!
Kurt suddenly looks nauseous.
Razor?!
I'm the only one without hair on my chest.
The LIGHTS suddenly come on.
So if you think I'm a pussy who won't do the same exact thing to some half-assed blackmailer, guess again.
The three of them JUMP, startled by the sudden voice in the car with them.
Suddenly, Kurt's engine dies and the car comes to a gradual stop.
Police sirens approaching.
What the -- ?! As his leg bleeds, Harken wipes the gun off with his shirt, then suddenly tosses it to Dale.
He takes the camouflage fatigues and hands them to the Algerian.
The policeman stops; his eyes are wide with fear.
Terror paralyzes him.
He knocks down the policeman, who is overwhelmed, and falls backward.
He stumbles.
The drunk sees them approaching.
The woman tries to understand what has happened, and follows him with a worried glance.
who before plunging their swords, try to frighten their adversaries.
He is thin, his neck long and tense, his glance nervous.
The nervous glance of Mahmoud scans their faces, then rests upon that girl who, with lowered eyelids, also glances quickly at him.
He plunges the knife into the guard's neck.
The blood gurgles in his gashed throat.
He panics.
He looks about him with terrified eyes.
At the main door there is a police guard.
The soldiers are wearing fatigues with helmets and machine guns.
The soldier is young; he is timid and frightened.
His eyes are burning with fear, his face is anxious, undecided.
They are stressed, recognizable: a burning beam, the thud of falling debris, broken glass ...  Then suddenly and almost simultaneously with the other sounds, after the shock, the human voices, the shouts and weeping are heard.
A French soldier approaches her.
The previous scene has made them nervous.
With his rough and nervous hands, he pulls out the towel and bathing suit from Hassiba's bag, then delicately and carefully, a square wooden box.
That same terror has remained, and suspicion, and despairing impotence.
One youth calls to the boy who is by now thirty feet away: The boy turns around for a second, his face frightened, and quickens his step.
A snake has managed to jump out, and fallen to the ground.
The people are terrified and move away.
He gives directions ...  voices, words whispered from the throat, both high and low, and sudden silent pauses.
The Algerians are fleeing in terror, the uproar begins to fade away, is less intense; microphones are turned on, and off.
fear.
In the streets of the European city, there is an atmosphere of fear and doubt.
The veils that cover the lower half of their faces suddenly begin to tremble, sway as if shaken by a breath, a light wind.
His face is swollen and wet.
They are being interrogated.
From outside, noises, voices that are fading in the distance.
There are screams of terror.
The four flee through the narrow streets and alleys, climb a stairway, and leap from one terrace to another.
It is a hospital attendant's in white uniform with a knife stuck in his throat.
There is a strange silence.
Kader turns to Zohra, and starts to speak, but suddenly his words are blurred by the sound of shots.
Only his eyes are visible ...  the eyes of a Eyes that now gleam, cruel eyes, tension dilating the pupils ... Then again the calm, a gloomy calm, a gratifying tension.
He is trembling.
They are less numerous, but armed ...  The first revolver shots resound in the streets, from the windows.
A tableau of impending danger.
They are looking at a nightmare ready to happen.
Butch's voice suddenly booms out of the walkie-talkie: Frank picks up the pace.
His eyes glistening with adrenaline and relief, he sits back against the building and throws an arm around Gibson.
CRASH!
Suddenly, a PAN of spaghetti sauce bubbles over.
Hold on Johnny's eyes... fear.
BANG.
He stumbles to it.
John plops down on sofa, half asleep.
Beat.
John pushes the Bushmills to the side, staring at the scar.
John rubs his fingers over the old burn scar.
Beat.
John crawls out a window, through the rain, onto the roof.
SUDDENLY THE ALARM SOUNDS, moving the groaning firemen reluctantly to action, and freezing Frank in surging anxiety.
And for the first time in his life, Frank Sullivan is SCARED SHITLESS.
RAIN starts to fall.
A beat.
It's an inferno.
HE STOPS.
The ROOM BEGINS TO SHAKE.
CRASH!
Johnny, sleepy faced, wrapped in his blankie, stands just outside the room - he looks a little scared.
Streetlights flood the tree-lined street.
Johnny's eyes: SHAME & FEAR - doesn't want to disappoint his father again, but too scared to get on the bike.
A NIGHTMARE.
But he stops.
Liquor on his breath, fear in his eyes, he is a scary sight.
He doesn't mean to, but he snaps -- Samantha jumps, frightened.
A nightmare.
Frank readies to follow her when he suddenly trips over a crate of vegetables and goes down on one knee.
Frank's blood runs cold in a spasm of panic when...  Frank wheels around just as Karen passes him from teh LADIES ROOM.
John shakes his head no.
Satch is alerted by John's sudden burst of energy.
Beat.
But then he stops.
A beat.
His quiet masks the dark menace he is barely in control of.
Daryl shakes his head "no."
SUDDENLY, in the door strides...  John freezes.
Bends over to wash his hands, and suddenly.
Scared.
Trembling, overcome by an awful combination of fear, guilt and shame.
She is now a bundle of growing anxiety.
The wind up...
Cops begin to move, investigating.
Following the trail of blood back to the kitchen.
Catching his breath, slightly loosens grip on Frank's lifeless neck.
JOHNNY is asleep in bed.
The .45 goes flying across the room.
The .45 goes flying across the room.
Julia is paralyzed against the wall.
His WATCH.
A LARGE SCAR ETCHES ONTO HIS FACE, in the exact spot where Julia dug her nails in 29-years ago.
Changed.
CRASH!
Pounding blows to Shepard's head.
GRAHAM GIBSON - once a nervous PROBIE, now a seasoned vet.
CRASH!
Stops.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
His body is covered in scars and bruises.
He shakes ever so slightly.
Beat.
He FIRES.
WE PULL BACK to reveal the shaking hands belong to Dr. Malcolm Crowe. Malcolm sits on a sidewalk bench facing a row of brownstone homes across the street.
Anxiously.
Every cell of his body still with fear.
Malcolm studies Cole's anxious face.
Lynn shivers a little.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Cole shakes his head "No."
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Cole is suddenly hit by Malcolm's passion.
Beat.
Beat.
Cole takes it from his shaking hands.
Cole shakes his head, "No."
Darren and Tommy back away from the door as COLE SCREAMS IN TERROR at the top of his lungs.
Cole shakes his head, "No."
Lynn's face drowns in deep concern.
He's asleep on her shoulder.
Lynn looks around helplessly, fear creeping into her eyes.
Too still.
His eyes catch a SLANT OF LIGHT now coming from the kitchen.
Cole's fear slowly fades away.
The streets are quiet and dark.
The dark shadows fill the corners of the historic building...  Malcolm stares into the darkness...  Beat.
Malcolm shakes off the moment.
He returns his hands to his pockets as he moves through the dark streets of Philadelphia to his home.
Beat.
An anxious expression on his face.
Beat.
Cole shakes his head, "No."
Beat.
Cole is too terrified to move.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
CRASH!
Beat.
Beat.
It flies away revealing a woman in a flowing flowery dress from the 40's suddenly walks into the middle of the street as the pages of her Playbill swirl in the air.
The line of cars behind them suddenly hit their brakes and swerve to one side avoiding a mass collision.
The whites of her knuckles showing her fear.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
The room falls into silence again.
Beat.
Cole shake his head, "No."
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Stops it.
Malcolm shakes his head, "No."
Cole shakes his head, "No."
Cole looks nervous.
He stumbles out.
Watches as his breath materializes in the suddenly ice cold air.
She scratches Cole as he tumbles back terrified out of the tent.
Sebastian is already huddled in fear under the couch.
COLE'S P.O.V. -- A dark, abandoned building stretches for an entire block on one side.
She moves suddenly.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Her hands begin to shake.
He shakes his head, "No."
Police flares guide the cars as they crawl by.
Cole shakes his head, "No."
Anna rushes across the room to a crumpled Malcolm laying on the floor.
The room falls into silence.
CRACK!
A faint light moves through the downstairs, passing windows in the otherwise dark house.
Suddenly Thomas and Samuel race through the doorway, forcing Marion and Charlotte together, their bodies close.
They shake hands.
Blood is everywhere.
Marion motions to a large, old scar on his arm.
The children are terrified.
Thomas is more angry than frightened.
Tarleton sees the terrified expressions on the faces of Marion's children.
MARION, horrified, catches Thomas as he falls, easing him to the ground.
MARION FREEZES, torn between his fury and fear for his other children.
GABRIEL, his hands bound behind him, looks to his father with a combination of resoluteness and fear.
Marion walks OUT OF THE BURNING HOUSE.
Slows.
Crawls the last few feet.
On the hillside, Nathan and Samuel grip their muskets and exchange a frightened, troubled look.
Marion, trailed by his children, walks past the soldiers' bodies and the remains of their house.
A nightmare.
Marion and Gabriel ride into camp, passing nervous sentries and a field surgery which is surrounded by pools of blood and amputated legs and arms.
He stops.
They cross a narrow land bridge onto a wooded island, joining a dozen-and-a-half men, including Marion who kneels at a campfire.
Marion pulls himself out of his dark reverie.
The horses nearest the burning bridge are terrified, BUCKING AND REARING, STRUGGLING in their traces... MARION LEAPS INTO THE SEAT of one wagon.
Marion, Gabriel and Billings STRUGGLE TO CONTROL THE FRIGHTENED HORSES, backing them up around the curve to the cover of the woods.
Wilkins and Gaskins are nervous and apologetic as Tarleton walks into the room.
The house smolders.
He looks back at the children, worried, anticipating a negative reaction.
He looks at his knife and realizes that it's dried blood.
She's initially frightened but the REDCOAT SERGEANT, speaks politely.
They do so, weaving through the dark forest, weapons ready.
The remains of the church smolder only slightly.
Only pain.
A dark, moonless night.
A SOFT WIND BLOWS dead leaves along the ground.
Under fire.
Marion sees the fear on his men's faces, but none of them move...
And watch as the Americans rise in DISORDERLY PANIC and Some Redcoats laugh... ON A RISE BEHIND THE BATTLEFIELD, CORNWALLIS, watches through his spyglass, trying to get a sense of what's happening before the spreading cloud of musket smoke obscures everything.
The Redcoat infantry grows disorderly as it runs...  TARLETON AND THE BRITISH CAVALRY THUNDERS to the head of the Redcoats, closing in on the fleeing Patriots.
The Redcoats try to flee... Fighting small, gathered holding actions...  MARION FIRES one of his pistols... Draws his sword...  Slashes downward... killing one Redcoat after another...
As blue-uniformed Continentals reform the line, FIRING AT TARLETON sees Marion and fights his way toward him... Marion is oblivious, concentrating on holding the American line...  Tarleton mounts a terrified, riderless horses, draws his sword and gallops back toward the British lines, on a path that takes him directly past Marion... Tarleton gets closer...  raises his sword... slashes...  Marion catches the flash of the blade out of the corner of his eye... Diverts the blow, knocking Tarleton from the mount...  Tarleton hits the ground... Marion draws his pistol, about to fire at Tarleton...  Tarleton KICKS OUT, knocking the pistol from Marion's hand... Tarleton GRABS HIS SWORD, SLASHES AT MARION who dodges the blow...  Tarleton advances... Marion scrambles back, then rises...  Marion grabs a BROKEN CAVALRY LANCE and FENDS OFF REPEATED BLOWS from Tarleton's SWORD... Then Marion sees his pistol, loaded with a bullet from Thomas' lead soldiers, lying on the ground...  Marion makes his way toward the weapon... still BLOCKING BLOWS from Tarleton's sword...  Marion focuses on the pistol... leaving himself exposed...  Tarleton sees the OPENING... MOVES ON MARION...  TARLETON RAISES HIS SWORD, about to deliver the killing blow... Marion dives...  GRABS HIS PISTOL... FIRES...  KILLING Marion, stunned, exhausted and surprised to be alive, watches Tarleton fall... Marion stands over Tarleton's body and gives himself a moment of bitter triumph, then he turns back to the battle at hand...  Marion picks up Tarleton's sword and runs to the AMERICAN LINE which stiffens as Dalton and Rev. Oliver are joined by Marion and a dozen other Patriots...
The blue-uniformed Continentals reform their line... Marion looks back toward Tarleton but finds that his body, along with the place and the moment of his death, has disappeared into the smoke of the battle...  Marion and his men fight on... then, Redcoats start fleeing the field...  First one Redcoat at a time... then more and more...
They shake hands.
They're worried.
They stop.
He turns toward it, suddenly.
Harry sees the chopper start an attack run.
* They approach another door, with a (bulletproof.)
JANICE sits at the non-descript desk like a receptionist...  but she is a highly trained security specialist.
A shadow moves across the wall in the entryway.
That's got to hurt.
The terrorist brodies the bike into a fast one- eighty and speeds back toward the edge of the roof.
He stops.
Helen, normally the image of composure, goes suddenly fluttery and nervous as a high-school girl.
A little dark.
Sitting in the shadows, facing the door, is SIMON.
Hating it suddenly.
And-- She suddenly EXPLODES, pushing on his chest, forcing him up off her.
She gets one knee up under him and levers him up.
He is stunned.
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE GLASS is a dark chamber.
Harry scowls at Gib in the dark.
She gasps.
Her hands are shaking and she hates it that they can probably see she is afraid.
Simon stays right with him, facing him, terrified to turn away.
To her horror is turns out to be her dad.
CRASH!!
He whips out a knife and inserts the point under Helen's jaw, forcing her head back and drawing blood.
He stops moving, suddenly.
She realizes with a sudden jolt of terror that he has frozen.
Harry and Helen emerge from the building, creeping through the shadows.
* As the two terrorists move through the trees, Harry lunges from  * the shadows and grabs one from behind.
The      * first terrorist draws a knife and slashes at him, but Harry grabs his knife arm and swings the blade into his partner.
But-- The recoil knocks her back, into a metal column, and the gun It falls to the metal steps and hits-- Going off.
She makes it through the door to the outside stairs as bullets start hitting the steel walls behind her.
A TERRORIST with a knife runs at the unarmed Harry.
Blood trickles down.
The terrorists see the Harriers approaching on a low attack run, and scramble to get out their Stingers.
Suddenly she stops, looking out the front window.
The big plane wobbles off the ground like a drunken bumble-bee.
Dana stands nearby, looking scares.
A terrified ACTION NEWS REPORTER and his CAMERAMAN, under guard by TWO TERRORISTS, are hastily setting up to shoot Malik.
He starts crawling toward the cockpit.
Still staring straight at the Arab, both frightened and fascinated by his verbal attack, Hank retreats.
It was an accident.
Louis Bernard's face his changed slightly to the more serious.
He loses.
The knife is still in his back.
A closer view  of McKenna shows that those around him, including his  wife and the Draytons, become frightened.
The door opens suddenly.
He prevents her.
She comes suddenly as awake as she can.
As she follows, Jo seems tense and a little scared.
She starts sobbing soundlessly again, her body shaking.
Slightly scared,   he now resumes his walk with a more hurried pace.
Suddenly    the man turns a sharp right into doorway, and is   gone.
When Ben begins mentioning a killing, Chappell Jr's face takes on a look of alarm, almost panic.
The man gives an involuntary cry of fear.
Suddenly he turns  back and dashes in again.
The man retreat in fear.
At that moment the door suddenly opens.
The CAMERA PANS SLIGHTLY to reveal the rest of the room.
He wears a dangerous-looking revolver strapped underneath his armpit; Mrs. Drayton, without a word, sits down and lights a cigarette, exhaling with something close to fatigue.
Ben maneuvers himself toward the pulpit, and suddenly dashes for the steps.
Woburn is concerned.
Now there is definite panic in her face.
Suddenly the silence is broken by the sound of the bell ringing spasmodically in the chapel belfry.
He manages to lay low and crawl over the roof, the CAMERA PANNING him.
Jo becoming more anxious and desperate.
She looks up towards the Assassin's box with horror as she sees: The Assassin's figure moving forward and the tip of the gun for the first time.
From her viewpoint she sees Ben leaning over the box in horror looking down at the dead Assassin below.
Jo hangs up the phone, a little surprised and still considerably nervous.
Then, his face lights up and he jumps suddenly to his feet.
She stops suddenly as she hears footsteps in the distance.
She looks at the door,   with horror.
She is standing, staring at the door with horror.
He's too frightened to talk.
As they go through the door, Mrs. Drayton makes an instinctive step forward, if to attack Drayton from the rear, but the sight of Hank in danger stops her.
Inside the ballroom, which is emptying due to the rush of people to the corridor, Jo has risen from the piano and is almost afraid to go out and see what has happened.
Karen shakes away, rises, faces him.
His control snaps suddenly.
He has been watching.
kneeling over their rifles, laid out on shelter halves.
It is a gloomy, rainy day and the lights are on in the office.
A shadow moves across the room behind the curtains.
Bad.
They stare squarely at each other, both puzzled and a little afraid of their emotions.
Suddenly she turns the faucet on full force, watches it pound into the sink.
CAMERA MOVES IN to CLOSE SHOT of Holmes# hands laying money out on blanket.
He has an enormous head and a hogshead chest.
Prew looks over, concerned.
Suddenly the door opens again and Maggio pops back in.
Friday Clark chimes in suddenly.
Prew climbs into the ring, gets on his knees, starts to swab up the canvas.
Hitting an almost impossibly high note, he stops as suddenly as he has begun.
Fatso has his knife poised at his shoulder, ready to strike.
Warden comes into shot suddenly.
Fatso drops the knife.
Prew holds out Fatso's knife.
Horrified, he starts toward the fracas.
Maggio's voice stops suddenly.
Their fear of the place, now that it is imminent even for another soldier, is shown on their faces.
Warden barks suddenly, fiercely, at Leva.
Mazzioli stares at the phone as if afraid to touch it.
Music is rising in a fearful crescendo.
Suddenly he kicks off his shoes, rolls his slacks up to his knees.
She starts oft to kitchen.
Suddenly he stops, turns, looks down at Karen, speaks in the same gloomy tone.
working with his thoughts, afraid to broach them.
She applies herself to her food, anxious to drop the matter.
Prew drives his attack at his opponent's body.
Blood spurts.
Half-way across the road he unceremoniously sits down, crosses his knees Buddha-wise.
There are scars, new and healing on Maggio's face.
The others watch, scared.
They are standing in no particular places, as if they have been walking and stopped suddenly.
His eyes close as he falls asleep.
Fatso walks into the darkness of an alley next to the building.
There is the snick of a blade snapping open as Fatso pulls a knife.
Then one of the figures falls to his knees and starts to crawl toward camera.
Fatso is on his back, his stomach gushing bloods his eyes already glazing.
There is a deep scar on it.
reacting; she is surprised, a little afraid of her own emotion.
Mazzioli's knee is laid open and is bleeding freely.
They rise after the planes pass, shake their fists.
The sound of a bugle blowing insistently is now heard, blending into the rest of the noise.
Alma shakes Prew, hard.
firing.
Friday Clark, blowing the Cavalry Charge madly, abandons the megaphone as he sees the plane coming.
He drops on his chest, hugging the bugle.
crashing.
She sobs suddenly, violently.
Still crouched, Prew starts across the road.
He has the appearance of a terrified animal.
Still in SLOW MOTION, Sophie suddenly covers her face with her hands and begins to stand.
The door opens and the Assistant Manager walks in and stands staring around him in horror.
(to the newcomer.)
The music is suddenly switched off.
The Woman stiffens slightly but shows no other sign of having noticed the revolting noises coming from behind her.
Are you insane?
Am I supposed to be afraid?
I don't know the meaning of the word fear.
What's changed?
(Beat.)
Beat.
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
Stop it!
It was an accident.
Alison stares at the dog in horror while the others talk, oblivious.
(Beat.)
This is your shot.
Beat.
Suddenly...  Rachel Petkoff?
(Beat.)
I had an attack of nostalgia.
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
Suddenly...  In-ger-lernd!
He walks back into frame suddenly.
You broke up with him?
She rubs her face, close to falling asleep.
Wizard Dentist Man! Need Wizard Dentist Man! Sidney has virtually dragged the Dentist out of his car.
Am I afraid of a real relationship?
He stops suddenly and turns.
No, nothing so interesting I'm afraid.
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
Suddenly he realises Alison is about to walk out the door and catch him listening.
Panicking he opens the nearest door and runs in, falling straight down a short flight of stairs and out of sight.
He starts to make his way towards her, a little nervous.
Beat.
He is also yelling with fear.
Rain falls.
Nope, not you I'm afraid Sidalee.
He shakes his head in horror and then tries, and fails, to restrain a sudden bark of laughter...  Sidney bursts out of the hotel onto the red carpet and is momentarily stopped by the sight of the massed PAPARAZZI ahead, behind the red rope.
It was dark and 1 didn't have my contacts in.
There's definitely something wrong with her foot.
The drop of blood has begun to flow down onto his upper lip.
I don't want you spreading rumors about my mangled foot.
A rounded piece of SCAR TISSUE covers the rest of it.
Stick with the bike...  and be home before dark.
Wendell watches him walk across the lawn to the parking lot...  approaching his car.
Norma's eyes widen in horror at what she sees.
Poor thing...  half of his face is gone.
What the hell are you doing?!
He shakes it...  then flips it over.
Walter points to one of TWO CAMERAS mounted on the front of the SPIDER-SHAPED LANDING MODULE.
She goes upstairs...  leaving him alone with the glowing tree.
How will they die?
I'm scared to.
They follow Arlington out onto the front walk as he approaches his car.
A An engineer at the NASA Langley research center was struck by lightning yesterday evening...  Arlington looks at his watch... staring up at the sky...  nervous about the storm.
Lightning?
He may very well be armed and dangerous...
Reston opens his eyes...  as if a spirit has suddenly left his body.
She stops herself.
We were at the drive-in...  and he caught a glimpse of the scars on my thigh.
He asked me what happened...  and I felt this sense of dread.
The scar tissue on the left side of his face does not move when he smiles.
She stops herself...  afraid of how he might respond if she is honest with him.
We see that a SNIPER, dressed in a dark suit, is perched on the roof of an adjacent building.
The Receptionist lurks behind her desk...  frightened.
Arthur's mind is racing...  he glances through the crowd nervously, afraid that they are being watched.
He shot her point blank in the chest in his kitchen.
He has dark circles under his eyes.
Walter's face is ghost white with terror.
Did you kill her?
Reston can now feel something taking control of him...  he looks to Teague... terrified.
He then retrieves a SERRATED HUNTING KNIFE...  and cuts in the flesh from his BIG TOE across the ball of his foot... drawing blood.
BLOOD from the cut on the bottom of his foot drains out into the water like red ink...  Norma closes her eyes... the impending sense of dread building inside of her.
Both Arthur and Norma recoil in horror.
Teague and Cahill approach...  as MEN in dark suits snap hundreds of photographs of the couple.
He looks weakened by the whole ordeal, and she is afraid he might pass out.
Because I was so afraid of losing you to someone prettier than me.
She rises to her feet as they approach.
He could get hurt...  Norma begins to pound back on the door with her fist... and eventually the thumping stops.
She then presses down.
Arthur closes his eyes...  the noise is excruciating.
Walter crawls across the blood-soaked kitchen floor and reaches up to the PHONE that is mounted on the wall.
An interminable, tense BEAT - is the prey going to flee?
Suddenly the cat SCREECHES AND FLAILS WILDLY!
Deserted.
It will be dark soon.
He begins to read, half-hidden in the shadows of the fading sunlight.
Each armed with a crude blunt weapon.
They exchange anxious looks.
Eli backs away, but TWO MORE ARMED BANDITS drop from hiding in the trees behind, cutting off his escape, surrounding him.
BEAT.
The other bandits exchange nervous looks.
A RIVULET OF BLOOD snakes down along the blade and drips onto the asphalt.
Looks at it in shock and horror.
The four bandits LAY SLAIN IN THE ROAD, blood pooling out onto the asphalt.
They see the bikes coming and panic.
Headed toward a wooden building with a pictogram of a LIGHTNING BOLT suspended above the door.
Concerned.
BEAT.
Exhausted and stressed from his grand theatrical display, and from its mixed reception.
BEAT.
He's shouting now, and she's trembling, afraid to speak.
Carnegie realizes he's frightened her.
Eli leans in close as Hog whimpers, paralyzed.
Suddenly, we hear a CRASH O.S. Carnegie stops and listens.
Sword held ready, the blade glistening with dark red blood.
She watches, mortified, as Eli moves toward the helpless, terrified Hog, going in for the kill.
The gunmen bristle, exchange nervous looks.
BEAT.
It makes Claudia nervous.
Claudia reacts suddenly to this.
Dark outside, but the room is brightly lit by the glow of the oil lamp.
Stunning.
Unlike everyone else we have met, she seems - physically, at least - totally unscarred by the horrors of the times.
She is stunned.
Suddenly all her other emotions give way to fear.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
The rat scurries down the table leg and leaps up onto Eli's shoulder, just as afraid of her as she is of it.
Then: BEAT.
LOCAL RESIDENTS scream and rush to and fro in panic as Eli darts along the boardwalk.
She sobs, terrified.
BEAT.
Suddenly, his whole demeanor changes, and he now looks at Eli imploringly.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
Suddenly, he STOPS and stands stock still in the center of the road.
Unscrews the cap with shaking hands and takes a sip.
It's beginning to scare her.
She runs out across the forecourt, onto the road.
She's on her knees, muttering to herself.
BEAT.
Dead.
BEAT.
Eli sleeps next to his pack, half-hidden in the looming shadows of the cave.
For the first time he appears a little scary to Solara.
She nods, a little afraid of him.
The cars gun their engines and move on down the road, past the abandoned Chevron station.
They shake off the noose from their ankles.
What the hell is this?
THE ARMED VEHICLES ARE COMING.
Grenades.
His nervous gunmen exchange worried looks.
Suddenly, it's a war zone.
BEAT.
And FIRES.
Dead.
Horrifying.
It scares her - like walking through the graveyard of a dead world.
As soon as they step inside they are SURROUNDED BY DOZENS OF HEAVILY-ARMED SOLDIERS.
Behind them, a pair of ARMED GUARDS follow closely.
The two armed guards keep watch nearby.
She checks that Carnegie is sound asleep, careful not to wake him before she creeps out of bed and exits.
BEAT.
Yeah -- if I was you I'd start studyin' for that motorman's exam right now.
Doyle stares at him, still terrified.
To the.Tower.
Tower?
What the hell for?
Any- thing more serious and he'd'a called in for a car knocker.
He's stopped again!
This news is met in stony, awe-struck, terrified silence.
He stopped again!
How the hell.
Emergency.
Tell them about some of the excit- ing things that have been happening lately, Sol -- Yeah, well -- we had a bomb scare in the Bronx yesterday -- but it turned out to be a cantaloupe.
Two -- we are armed with fully auto- matic weapons.
He stands guard at the rear storm door.
Who the hell are you?
Why didn't you ga grab a goddam airplane like everybody else?! We're afraid of flying.
Shot who ? .
Is he dead?
Yeah -- except I think we've got our- selves a cop.
You're off the case!
The hostages?
the two lead bikes sideswipe each other and, going out of"control, topple over, sending their drivers sprawling.
I'm still here.
Then he assumes the stance of a gunfighter, hand poised over it, knees slightly bent.
Then, moving suddenly, he slaps his holster, wheels, fires without aiming -- and there's a reverberating BANG, the shattering of glass and the figure in the subway car reels back.
chest with a finger.
When I was a motorman I had nightmares about them falling off in front of me.
terrified Passengers and the uncertain Brown and Grey as the car runs the gauntlet of the irate crowd outside; they all shy from the poundi ng fists.
That's swell.
Who the hell are you?
The Hooker has been looking around with growing anxiety and now, she stands up.
Green has watched all this in near panic.
Both shots have connected, one hitting his arm and sending the pistol flying away, the other into his upper chest, below the right shoulder.
Are you a cop?
with trembling.
(enthusiastically, putting down his fear.)
As Skip's knife flies INTO FRAME, it bites into the boards and holds.
Arch stretches, can't reach the knife, and topples over.
Arch's voice catches in his throat in horror.
(panicked, hurrying to the side.)
But he stops just at the edge of the ferry, immobilized by fear.
The panic mounts.
There's a sickening THUMP I The young assistant suddenly breaks the surface qf the water, panicked and stunned, gasping for air.
Buck!
For a moment the others are spared the horror of it as the Ferryman's back blocks their view.
up, his head and torso covered in blood, the side of his face and his shoulder hideously deformed.
It is awful.
It is ghastly.
It was an accident.
Arch is laughing the loudest when suddenly his chair collapses beneath him and he drops sprawling onto the floor.
But I'm afraid there's not much future in it.
getting nervous.
Suddenly, Chaz burst in on him.
The silence between them is thick enough to be cut with a knife.
Rob?
Beat.
Ouch! Jesus!
His knife, dried leaves and lighter cascade to the floor.
The house is dark.
A beat.
She shrinks back from them with a frightened, apologetic smile.
Muffy is dressed plainly, oddly conventional, with a perceptible sense of disorder about her.
And while he is vigorously toweling off his arms and chest, trying to get the blood circulating again, she stands behind him with another towel and gently, lovingly dries his back.
I'm scared.
as Arch hears a noise.
He stops.
The snake coils itself to strike.
He is shrieking with horror as he tries to bat the creature away from him.
Suddenly a long, gleaming blade ENTERS FRAME and chops the snake in two.
It makes him nervous.
I think I can handle a few spiders and She shines the beam down again, bending in for a look.
It was an accident.
We don't keep guns in this house.
Muffy enters suddenly, interrupting her.
Stop it!
Just stop it all of you!
Now, am I nervous?
ROB AND KlT staring at them, frightened and astonished.
Suddenly the room is flooded with light.
It is dark again in here, but the video camera is still operating.
Suddenly the door flies open.
The night is a landscape of terror.
Rob!
They stop.
Rob...
Rob!
They can hear Buffy outside in the yard APPROACHING the kitchen door.
Suddenly, Buffy is at the kitchen door.
It's hopeless.
The knife jabs into the door, close to Kit's head.
Still frightened and confused, Rob hasn't put it together yet.
Is this the road to med school?
Hey...  Go back and scare the shit outta her for a change?
She moans.
They walk out onto a private peer and eye the boats moored there.
Swell.
She goes back to the kitchen door, but suddenly it will not open for her.
I'm still scared from last night.
She stops suddenly.
Suddenly a dark figure fills the doorframe at the top of the stairs.
Muffy walks into the room , lowering the knife.
I'm really scared.
Stop him!
He's killing me!
Muffy, initially paralyzed with fear, now runs for her life, down the hallway, down the stairs...  ...and to the front door as Kit's screams O.S. fade to silence.
And where the hell i.: here?
He winces.
He pokes the hot needle through the wound -- The Man winces slightly, but bears the pain.
You hear me?
Intrigued.
The other two trade glances, nervous: Should take it easy there, Pal -- Mr. Dolarhyde don't like it when we drink on the job.
Hear what?
Jail.
Unsheathes a KNIFE.
It was a stranger.
He turns back, face dark: ...  What stranger?
Too dangerous.
The scary BLUE FLASHES within grow more INTENSE.
Ella sees the lightning and starts to BACK AWAY in fear: NonoNO -- GET TO YOUR CELLARS!
is...  STILL.
He's stunned.
A demon.
Colorado bends closer to the corpse...  SCARED...
Presses his boot on the bellows, it turns with a WHIR...  SHAKING as he brings the SPINNING BLADE to the alien's CHEST.
Looks at Meacham, AFRAID -- If it 'mss a demon, and I cut it open...  am I going to burn for it?
Everyone tries to PRY the claws from his neck -- but the second Doc withdraws his hands from the alien's chest, its arm goes LIMP.
Good, God- fearing souls.
Lo and behold, most of the town survivors are just too damn scared.
The woman turns to him, WORRIED: Where'd you get this?
Doc can't help but grin at the kid's moxie...  but it's short-lived as his face suddenly falls: Madre Dios...
The others draw guns too, converging around it in equal SHOCK and FEAR.
Emmett looks at Doc, SCARED: Is-- is this what happened to my Pa?
Thinking it through: This was stuck down its throat...  to help it breathe.
Stops.
RAIN POURS on the overturned boat.
The hell,-re- you doing here?
And she's dead.
A beat.
Destroyed where I'm from.
Dolar FIRES at it -- Emmett SCRAMBLES down a FLOOR HATCH, disappears as Dolar keeps FIRING -- but the alien BATS the gun away and LIFTS Dolar UP -- Paralyzed with FEAR, he EXHALES a terrified GASP and -- THE CREATURE RECOILS FROM HIS BREATH!
Emmett can't move -- can't speak -- eyes WIDE and TERRIFIED -- The creature looks down at an ARMOR PLATE on its bicep.
Doc takes the opportunity to TWIST the knife: Looks like they finally found something to be more scared of than you.
The outlaws are SCARED: this is the Lonergan they know.
Terror turns to REVELATION as he PULLS the webbing from his mouth: Holy SHIT.
Still.
"Kill them.
Doc is amply freaked.
You...  died.
It killed her.
He's the one, gave me the scars.
Broke me.
Two ALIENS melt from the dark to greet him with frightening HISSES.
Suddenly, PERCY DOLARHYDE sees a TERRIFYING SHADOW spread across the wall -- what looks like a HUGE, COILING SNAKE: -- but what comes around the corner is a LONG METAL TENTACLE: A SCANNING MECHANISM on its tip shoots out a blue triangular beam -- itemizing specimens -- SELECTING ONE: SHERIFF TAGGART.
the tentacles are attached to a TERRIFYING ALIEN MACHINE.
And now her worry becomes FEAR; English now: Is he okay?
Leaving her full of DREAD.
(a beat; then.)
She's terrified, but staying STRONG.
She half-grins as her eyes hold on him.
Weird noises at night.
You worried about me?
But, he shakes his head-- No, ma'am.
But his heart's KICKING in his chest.
He looks back, terrified.
Constable One hefts his pistol, scared.
Ichabod notices with worry that Constables One and Two wheel the corpse onwards into another room.
Ichabod absently studies his hands, touching the strange SCARS on both palms: evenly dispersed, tiny dots of tissue.
Many scars.
There is a dead, worried look in the man's eyes.
The Rifleman jerks back, knife in his eye socket.
Ichabod is nervous.
Katrina looks fearful.
Windows go dark.
WIND begins to BLOW.
-- imbeds in the Horseman's chest.
Philipse looks worried.
She touches the many evenly spaced scars.
He shakes his head, unimpressed.
The CICADAS SUDDENLY go SILENT.
Young Masbath looks to a fenced grazing area, worried.
FIRES...
Mother comes to it, then moves to comfort fearful Young Ichabod in bed.
Young Ichabod comes a window, watching, scared.
She looks back, fearful, pulled along.
Ichabod shakes his head, won't look up.
Someone is HEARD RUNNING...  Young Masbath enters, frightened.
An armed man guards them.
With a sigh, he rides to join Young Masbath.
Dark, dense and creepy.
Ichabod is afraid, backing away, but Young Masbath takes the woven piece and steps to the Crone.
Ichabod enters, scared, bent under low ceiling.
Ichabod stands, worried.
It SCREECHES.
Young Masbath lies on a blanket, rifle cross his chest, staring to treetops.
FIRES.
FIRES.
As the crowd murmurs in fear, Young Ichabod looks to Father, who sits with hands clenched, emotionless.
The room contains TORTURE DEVICES: iron cuffs, thumb screws, knifes and needles.
As he sobs, blood runs down from his hands.
His hands trail blood.
The old scars are bleeding.
Dawn light, is visible over forests pounded by rain.
Ichabod eyes the skillet, ill at ease, trying not to be.
There's a VERTICAL WOUND in the bark, as if the tree once had a terrible vertical in it, now partially healed and disgustingly scarred.
He feels the mushy scar, picking at its scabs till much sap begins to trickle.
Ichabod's pulling...  the flap suddenly gives, revealing a blood-soaked, wide-eyed, gap-mouthed HUMAN HEAD.
A RUMBLING is HEARD from the twisted tree, which suddenly BURSTS wide, spitting smoldering cinders.
He goes to the fireplace to light a tallow wick, which he takes to the next room.
In the shifting light, a baby spider comes from a crack in the wall.
Then, another spider skitters out.
He goes to the crack where hundreds of spiders flee all directions.
Beth bends to see the swarming spiders.
Thomas looks up, terrified.
Brom flees.
The Horseman pulls and throws a knife...  THWAP -- the knife imbeds in Brom's thigh.
Brom tries to get up, bends to extract the knife.
At the forest, Theodore looks to Glenn, turns and flees.
The Horseman flatfoot KICKS Brom's chest, sending him down.
Ichabod crawls, tries to shake off the blow.
Ichabod struggles to push the boat out.  it moves swiftly, caught in rain swollen current.
Ichabod is soundly asleep.
Hardenbrook heads across the room.
Blood flows.
Young Masbath crawls, doing the same.
Ichabod takes her hand, distracted and nervous.
They shake.
Lady Van Tassel looks up to Baltus in fear, then turns.
The Horseman rides behind, closing the gap.
Amidst the churchyard panic, Ichabod looks back...
Daredevil freaks out.
It's madness.
Ichabod comes away from the window, looking to panicked citizens.
More panic.
He is held there awkwardly, gurgling blood.
Doctor Lancaster comes out from where Katrina is asleep.
It's getting dark.
Behind her, a shadow moves across the room.
Frightened people peer out from behind.
THUNDER again.
They flee.
Behind, the Horseman can be seen on the forest bordered road.
THUNDER POUNDS.
TRANSFORMATION begins -- blood and flesh rise up from the Horseman's throat and grip the skull.
Then the Gobi desert is flowing beneath, and as the light begins to fade, Mongolia gives way to the Russian Steppe, and as dusk turns to night we are over Siberia - gliding North over Lake Baikal, and onward across forested hills and valleys.
VALKA's anxious eyes.
That can kill you here.
They are to be feared.
A look of utter dread on his face.
KHABAROV leaves his gang and approaches JANUSZ.
(Shouts in Russian.)
He's delirious and begins to shake with cold.
Compassion.
A look of fear crosses KHABAROV's face.
A movement beside him, then a knife pressed against his throat.
Big debt, they take head.
Me, big debt.
In forest you need knife to survive.
You need a knife, and I need miracle to get me out of here.
With a conjurer's ease he spins the knife in his fingers and arches his eyebrows - 'Deal'?
The Russian voices are closer now.
The strong wind drives snow and sleet horizontally, and as they push forward they cover their faces to keep the snow from throat and lungs.
VALKA, his arm wrapped defensively across his eyes, staggers and falls to his knees.
ZORAN's head drops to his chest.
TOMASZ shakes him.
The ship smashed onto the rocks, the sailors cried in fear, called out to God, but they all drowned.
By the time the others are on their feet JANUSZ is almost out of sight and they hurry to catch up, fearful of being left behind.
Have you got a knife?
We steal it.
You can watch.
Then you'll die.
He stops.
JANUSZ shakes his head, 'no'.
He turns, a look of terror on his face.
JANUSZ staggers back into camp, half dead and shivering with cold.
He collapses.
She looks frightened and desperate.
She's been too afraid to approach us until she was sure we weren't Russians.
Escaped from a Russian collective farm.
The group circle the wild-eyed beast, pathetic in it's attempts to pull itself out of the bog, faced now with this new and more deadly threat.
JANUSZ is worried about the man having seen them, and urges them to follow him into the tree-line.
They're dead.
When the Russians came they said we were 'kulaks', and exploiting the peasants.
My parents were afraid and hid me in the barn.
Later, the Russians caught me, and sent me to a collective farm.
They were cruel to me.
And risk arrest?
We don't need his knife.
But they arrested them.
He died.
Two ARMED SOLDIERS can be seen walking along the tracks.
Why do you have arseholes tattooed on your chest?
TOMASZ tackles a ewe and VOSS approaches with a knife, but JANUSZ is behind him, grabs his arm.
We're being watched.
The OLD MAN speaks in Russian, a rough guttural accent.
SMITH shakes his head 'no'.
Fire.
VOSS shakes his head, 'No'.
He stares, too close to death to feel fear.
ZORAN tracking the snake.
He is crawling after the snake, scraping skin from knees and elbows.
The snake disappears down into a rocky defile, followed by ZORAN.
VOSS passes him the deer-bone knife.
He passes the knife to VOSS, then creeps toward the creature, and striking quickly he attempts to trap the snake in the fork.
Too slow.
The snake disappears into its hole.
Like snake-fishermen, they sit waiting bythe snake-hole - ZORAN too, has a snake-catching stick.
At a signal they strike, ZORAN deftly trapping the snake's head in the cleft stick.
Punishment for what?
They settle down to sleep, outside the wind is picking up.
Older children squeal with delight, while some of the very young cry out in fear, one even bursting into tears - are these the dreaded Yeti their grandfathers told them lived up in the mountain peaks?
Garren and the Guard quickly move toward a sink, where they start to wash their hands.
All the other guys are afraid to try.
Paula walks over to her son, her hands shaking as she hands him a sandwich.
Are you afraid of these men?
I feel so bad.
I'm afraid I can't help you there.
Frank continues to search for the JUMP SEAT, the panic starting to show on his face as Marci reaches her hand around to the back of the cockpit door and pulls down the small There you go.
Why are you stopping?
I'm gonna be sick.
Debbie Zane - 5 The parking lot is packed with cars.
Would you mind taking that gun out of my face, it makes me nervous.
Joe starts to write this down, then suddenly stops himself.
Half the kids his age are on dope, throwing rocks at police, and you're scaring me to death because my son is forging checks?
Doctor Ashland is treating him in exam seven.
Doctor Connors to Emergency.
What if he's in surgery?
blackness in front of him - - hi starting to shake as Okay.
Don't make me do it anymore- Debbie Zane - 5 I'm close aren't I? You're scared because I'm getting close.
Frank takes off his mask, and WE SEE the fear in his eyes-as he walks over to Brenda.
And we'll go away.
I know this is all a bit scary, but I need you to tell me where Frank is going.
He approaches a SECURITY GUARD.
But I'll be back at work on Monday.
Is this an accident?
We should be scared here--not by the truck, but by GAGE'S lack of fear.
He sticks out his hand and JUD shakes it.
Then they press on.
Her foot drops down suddenly.
She hears voices and stops, listening, her face troubled and afraid.
She looks after him, stunned and a little frightened.
She reaches for them, then winces and presses her hands against her midriff for a moment, as if with an attack of indigestion.
A small knot of horrified college kids moves with the bearers.
PASCOW makes a weird gargling noise.
Blood suddenly spurts out of his mouth.
LOUIS leans forward again, terrified, yet needing to know.
LOUIS and RACHEL are asleep, each on his/her own side of the big double.
LOUIS'S eyes widen in terror as he stares at: He's exquisitely dead.
He is in terror... but he is also in a state of near-trance.
LOUIS turns...  and suddenly his face is less than an inch from PASCOW'S mutilated face.
He looks around, obviously afraid.
By starlight this is one scary place.
He suddenly sees something else, and now his fear is close to terror.
LOUIS turns, terrified.
Utter terror.
He looks both stern and a little scared.
He's somewhere between being mystified and puzzled and being scared.
It stops.
As JUD gains his side of the road, he looks back, and we read fear on his face--no matter what he said to LOUIS, he's sorry for tonight's piece of work.
He hits a tool-rack on the wall and a lot of them fall down with a LOUD JANGLING He jumps down, frightened by the noise, and the CAMERA TRACKS as he goes flying out the garage door into the sunlight.
A line of white fur, or perhaps a dark red scar where no fur at all grows.
CHURCH suddenly claws at his face.
And suddenly, pushing out from behind them, quite near her, is a small mongrel dog.
She is in utter terror.
Suddenly THE DRIVER'S face turns into a Halloween mask of horror.
A shadow falls over his face.
It hisses at him through a mouthful of fangs, its eyes big green balls... and then it flees.
He regains his balance as the cat goes shooting across the dining room toward the kitchen.
And a hearse.
There is an ugly mess of healed scars on his neck and one side of his face.
BILL, scared, is trying to make him stop, to turn away from the sun.
Blood flows sluggishly out.
LOUIS'S battle-scars are fading a little.
Suddenly her eyes flare open and she screams.
They are startled.
She looks startled and afraid.
She suddenly heads for the stairs, fast.
Suddenly, as he takes another shovelful, we hear a SCRAPING SOUND.
He looks at: It's dark.
SOUND of an approaching car.
Watching.
It stops.
Crouched.
LOUIS looks up, miserably scared, pouring sweat.
SOUND: An approaching car.
Suddenly a little light goes on in his eyes.
He's fast asleep with the tinny sound of Graham Parker coming out of his Walkman 'phones.
SOUND: An approaching car.
He looks at: Off it goes, glimmering in the dark.
Its eyes blow out.
LOUIS looks plenty scared.
Stops.
Panting.
Suddenly, BANG! as one of the tires blow.
An approaching car.
Then: A small white hand slams up through the rocks, hopefully scaring the living shit out of us.
Fast asleep on the coverlet in his dirty jeans and black sweater.
His hands go to it.
His original hope is now tempered with the first signs of fear.
LOUIS is dumbfounded... slack-mouthed with terror.
He starts worrying the chop again.
It's dark in here, and spooky.
He is nose to nose with JUD, who is dead with his eyes open, an expression of incredible horror on his face.
He gets to his feet, clawing for the needle lolling out of his neck.
He's slowing down.
He goes to his knees... and falls on his face.
Why did you let me sleep so late?
Suddenly, Lorna's phone rings.
By turns, cocky and nervous.
Come over here, you're making me nervous.
Shake people out of their... complacency.
It's recess.
(beat.)
(beat.)
Stop me.
I'm just worried that all this talk is going to kill the spontaneity-- She presses her finger to his lips-- I think spontaneity is overrated.
A spasm.
(beat.)
(beat.)
(beat.)
(beat.)
Boo.
Stop it.
Beat.
A beat.
Beat.
Shake.
She rubs his chest.
Josh fairly attacks her, his hands all over her body.
I've been under a lot of stress.
Beat.
Todd and Josh shake hands.
I was broke.
(beat.)
And I may have to kill him.
He's nervous.
Was there a problem?
I hear you.
You hear me?
I can hear you.
His hand on the knob-- If I go down those stairs... it will only lead to one place...right back here... the two of us...a short, brilliant moment... one more to add to the gallery...then, empty-handed again, with nothing to show for it but an emotional hangover... I'm not going to open this door... Discipline...  Like the man said, don't fuck the guests... Rosalie is on the front steps.
(beat.)
This is your problem.
(beat.)
She rubs his chest.
Suddenly she stops him, taking his face in her hands.
(beat.)
A beat.
(beat.)
In his mind-- Why am I stopping?... There's a hot girl waiting on the other side of the door...Why worry?
The room is dark, except for a shaft of moonlight that silhouettes a girl on the bed.
Stop it.
Now, you're bleeding.
(beat.)
Suddenly, they are startled by a FLASH.
Stops herself.
A beat.
(beat.)
Suddenly, a SECURITY GUARD appears in Lorna's face.
The two Dwarves get down from her knees and approach the Skeleton Man.
The Young Boy clutches his Father's neck in fear, hiding his face.
Brushing past him is a WOMAN pulling a small, confused and frightened LITTLE GIRL.
The Boy, excited by his own fear, mimics the Owner.
Treves, his eyes wide with horror and wonder, his mouth frozen open, steps backward in an instinctive movement of self preservation.
Treves is quite nervous.
The frightened figure just crouches there looking at him.
The Boy is across the room asleep, wrapped in ragged little blankets.
The Boy wakes up in fear.
He looks up at the riding crop in the hand of Bytes, then to the strangely nervous and silent Boy.
The E.M. is asleep in his sleeping posture on the bed.
He becomes fearful and reaches for his cloak.
Finally, he comes to a young beautiful woman, her eyes wide open, watching him with intense fear.
He is afraid but as he reaches the bed, Merrick flinches back.
The Night Porter grins, his fear gone now.
In the bed, Merrick looks at the door with terror as the heavy footfalls of the Night Porter recede down the stairs.
The light from the lamp hits his frightened eyes.
Merrick is still hesitant, from years of fear, but his eyes betray a growing excitement.
Suddenly the door bursts open.
Merrick, very frightened, crawls down into his hiding place.
We see Anne alone in bed, asleep.
Carr Gomm suddenly stands and faces Treves.
Suddenly the door opens and Mothershead comes into the room.
Suddenly we hear the heavy footfalls of the Night Porter's boots.
They stop.
A deep silence falls over the Doctors.
He is met at the door by an anxious Treves.
Merrick is enchanted by the house.
Treves and Anne exchange worried looks.
He holds it closely to his chest and goes into his room.
Suddenly Merrick starts to wail.
Closer to her is the Young Porter, looking worried.
The Night Porter, frightened by Treves' intensity, begins to sputter.
Suddenly Merrick falters and comes to a stop, breathing irregularly.
Merrick senses this lull, but he is very frightened and sick.
The boy looks to Merrick who is in a panic trying to keep himself away from the monkeys who scream loudly in all the excitement.
They sit across the cage from Merrick silently watching him with fear.
He sees the small caravan of freaks moving in the darkness, the light from the lanterns bobbing over the grass.
The intrepid freaks approach a bend in the road.
The plumed Dwarf relays the message and the freaks respond to Merrick in their language.
Then he and Merrick walk into the station, the freaks watching and waving.
Merrick is crouched in a dark corner underneath a stairway, his head resting on the points of both knees, his arms clasped around them.
He lifts the hood and then staggers back onto the floor in a spasm of fear.
People, hearing the noise, watch him go.
They shout and there is fear in their voices.
Merrick is overcome by the applause.
The old man, terrified, runs back into the store as fast as he can, CLYDE quickly grabs BONNIE's hand.
Suddenly it looks as if they've been fighting.
This stops her.
She starts to panic and runs to the window.
She misses.
CLYDE shakes it.
Her face shows how nervous she is now that the time has come.
They drive in silence.
We can see that, for all his talk, he is scared, too.
The bank is dark, the TELLER is half asleep over his books.
CLYDE approaches, thrusts the gun at him.
She is terrified as she sees CLYDE and the TELLER coming at her.
CLYDE is terrified, fighting wildly to get free.
He fires.
CLYDE is hysterical with fear.
In a panic, CLYDE drags the man to the door, trying to get out.
CLYDE, in real panic, aims the gun at his head and fires.
CLYDE is shaken.
Suddenly it begins to buck and cough.
Suddenly a look of consternation crosses C.W.'s face.
C.W. looks scared to death at the idea of robbing a bank.
The scene, for the audience, should be nervous and funny.
Police are firing at the escaping car; BONNIE and CLYDE are shooting out the back window; C.W. is almost having a nervous breakdown at the wheel.
CLYDE is nervous and keeps watching the entrance doors.
BLANCHE is starting to edge over to BUCK in sheer panic at this strange, young man in his BVD's but C.W. takes no notice of it.
BUCK does.
Bedroom is dark, shades pulled down.
It is too much for BUCK, the natural enemy of silence, who suddenly claps his hands together and bursts out animatedly: We see the two cars, one behind the other, driving down a main road.
The clicking sound increases suddenly.
Suddenly there is a ring at the door.
The camera angled slightly above him, sees down the street.
The camera goes outside the car and pulls back, way back, to reveal a police car quietly driving up behind the car.
He draws his gun and slowly approaches the car from the rear.
Suddenly, cut to shot of CLYDE coming out of the woods, behind the lawman.
He suddenly hefts BRYCE's huge bulk onto the fender.
When the finger is about one inch away, suddenly a gun appears in the frame and gently taps the hand away.
BLANCHE sitting in the back seat with her fingers stuck tightly in her ears, eyes shut, trying to overcome her panic.
BUCK.
Suddenly C.W.
shot.
Terrified, they roll up their windows, lock their doors and huddle together.
They come out, hands held high, shaking with fear.
As the car starts up at the beginning, however, the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
The MAN and WOMAN almost faint from fear; clutch at each other.
They glare at each other.
Suddenly everyone freezes.
A shudder, as if the cold hand of death had suddenly touched the occupants of the car.
Day--at CLYDE, who has suddenly seen something begins gesticulating wildly, almost--from car's POV, a little comically.
A light rain is falling.
Neither we nor CLYDE can see BONNIE's face now, and her voice is muffled by his chest.
Ranged across the lawn are six police cars, loaded with peace officers.
Outside.
CLYDE manages to keep it on the road.
Suddenly they both zoom off down the road together.
BLANCHE falls to her knees, still clutching her eyes.
He dies.
They jump in and start across, running awkwardly in chest-deep water.
sound of an approaching car.
Suddenly he starts and his eyes open wide.
Then, very gingerly, as if afraid to really touch him, he reaches through the window and places it in CLYDE's lips.
It sits, for a moment, in the dark.
He holds C.W. at arm's length to study him, and suddenly he scowls at something he sees by the light of the porch.
Suddenly: Group shot.
shot.
He puts it over his mouth to disguise his voice, afraid she will remember it from the kidnap.
MALCOLM is ready to kill--his son's obtuseness and his fear of CLYDE is whipping him into a quiet frenzy.
MALCOLM knows better, but for just a moment he stares at his son, fearing that maybe C.W., for all his limitations, has a sense about CLYDE's sense.
She flings herself violently across the bed and buries herself into CLYDE's chest, her knees drawn up, her head tucked down into him, her body shaking with sobs.
He looks down at her, his voice anxious.
BONNIE comes back, hurriedly, now anxious herself.
They see ahead of them an incredible shooting match and, in terror, they jam on the brakes and leap out of the truck.
It has been a massacre.
On the faces of the five deputies, horror and shock at what they have just done.
The Captain, the Science Officers and the entire Crew just stare, frozen in place by the strange horror before them.
Several Crewmen cast nervous glances out through the plexi dome.
The inky blood swirls past the plexi-dome.
Frightened eyes share terror-filled looks.
CHAOS.
The Radar Imager suddenly blinks, and goes to black.
Dead.
And his nervous eyes around six men, big, bad men, standing on the far side of the engines out in a narrow passage.
Tattooed, armed to the teeth, packed in Kevlar body armor.
Mercenaries.
Who would as soon wring your neck as shake your hand.
A crowbar quietly pops the top off a wooden crate to reveal the lethal looking tip of a torpedo... PULL BACK TO: Pantucci in the storage hold, surrounded by half a dozen crates, his wily eyes popped wide with apprehension.
He drops from the arms of MULLIGAN, a scar-faced Irishman with a buzz cut.
Rain begins to fall.
It suddenly EMITS a high-energy HUM.
RAIN PELTS the canopy.
The Captain is confounded, on the edge of panic.
Suddenly, near the ballast hole, a WAVE EXPLODES, thrashed from below.
Accompanied by the scary foreboding MUSIC again.
Her eyes filled panic.
Panic is a heartbeat away.
From his perch, Canton fights down his own panic, and addresses the crowd in calm reassuring tones.
Suddenly, and quite violently, a WOMAN is SUCKED UNDER THE WATER -- THWUP!
All the people in and around the pool see this and panic.
Stunned.
His eyes flicker with uncertainty... and a tinge of fear.
The car starts to ascend in the eerie silence.
Suspicious, and a bit nervous.
Ominous.
Suddenly the sound stops.
Trillian falls back against the door, her heart in her throat.
Ominous.
Mulligan and Vivo, looking more nervous by the moment, lead the way.
Suddenly, overhead, something black and veiny skitters across the mass of pipes, so fast it shocks Pantucci back into the wall.
A GUSH OF WATER suddenly pours through the other half.
Scared shitless.
Her eyes are transfixed, staring at the abomination, too scared to scream.
Suddenly, LEILA'S whole body SPASMS.
A moment later a WASH OF BLOOD is FLUNG across a wall.
Trillian steps up to the vault, looking around, a bit nervous, something is definitely not right here.
Behind Canton the Captain is on the floor, in severe pain, his clothes are ripped up, REVEALING nasty looking RED SCARS, blistered and puffy, all over his chest and arms.
Mulligan, in a panic, has backed Finnegan and Pantucci into a corner.
A sucking sound comes from the dark mass of pipes.
Suddenly, Mulligan's LEGS are suddenly JERKED OUT from under him.
SCREAMING in fear.
She breathes a sigh of relief as the steel doors close... until the elevator starts going down.
She panics.
And starts pushing the up button frantically, her heart pounding in her chest.
Trillian backs up against the wall, staring at the ceiling, scared.
Everyone is shouting, panicked.
Then suddenly, at the far end of the hallway, one of the metal WALLS suddenly EXPANDS and FLEXES.
The room is becoming a living, throbbing, pulsating horror.
The MUZZLE FLASHES and TRACER FIRE light up the chambers in a sort of surreal horror tableau.
Trillian, freaked, stumbles back and lands on her butt.
Watching.
Trillian sits up, eyes widening in fear as she sees -- Hideous little worm-like FEELERS and SUCKERS protrude up and down the Tentacle.
But, frozen in fear, she can only watch the slithering horror before her.
When... out of the darkness, Trillian suddenly comes running back.
The Captain is stuck in a strange gelatinous spider web.
He holds his hands out beseechingly to Canton, who stands looking at him in terror.
There is a DARK MOVEMENT deep within the spider web.
Finnegan and Trillian race across the floor as the Captain is slowly sucked deeper into the spider web; his face and body bady constricting, paralyzed.
He disappears into the dark.
Hearts pounding out of chests.
A creepy-looking reddish-blue glow is cast throughout the ship.
Fear thick in the air.
STRANGE NOISES REVERBERATE through the MURKY waters.
He fights his way past and swims off in a panic.
Hanover keeps a sharp, nervous eye back down the catwalk, white-knuckling his pulse rifle.
Canton paces back and forth, driven by anxiety.
Filled with fear.
Scared shitless.
Mamooli bursts out of the water, falling on the floor, close to panic mode.
Mamooli panics, drops his rifle.
TRACK WITH Mamooli racing down the hallway, looking over his shoulder in fear, as the tentacle comes racing after him... gaining...gaining...  almost on him... Mamooli leaps through an open hatch, and swings it shut in one swift motion.
Stopped.
Scary shit.
Fear has led to silence, and unbearable tension.
Trillian looks sick, trembles in fear.
She tries to scream, but her face is already starting to constrict, her whole body is being paralyzed.
Our heroes are frozen in fear.
Trillian burries her head in Finnegan's shoulder, trying to shut out the horror.
A bas-relief of horror.
A loud, creepy, suction-like SOUND is HEARD, that strange pitter- patter of little feet running across the hull.
Pantucci panics and grabs for them.
He knocks both of them out of Hanover's hands.
They're about to drown.
The TENTACLE ATTACKS the door.
Pantucci is scared beyond his pain.
Canton starts to crawl for it.
RED WARNING LIGHTS FLASH.
Hanover's eyes are filled with terror and despair.
His body paralyzed.
Pantucci is wigged, but manages to lock eyes with Hanover.
Suddenly, behind them, a METALLIC THRASHING SOUND is HEARD.
Canton's eyes widen, horrified.
The TIP of the WARHEAD creeps out through the hole.
Trillian's EYES scan the darkness; scared sick.
The scary MUSIC builds.
Disoriented, Trillian runs towards a dark exit door -- and into a geometric gelatinous SPIDER WEB.
As she struggles, Finnegan pulls out his knife, and starts to hack away at the sticky webbing.
And SHAKE!
He is about to disappear down the hole of no return, when his hand comes up with his knife.
A terrifying sight of jaws and teeth and death.
Suddenly, a WAVE EXPLODES in front of the jet ski.
The JET SKI is suddenly SUCKED under the water!
Quivering.
Scares the shit out of them.
REVEALING more of this creepy-looking island.
Dark, wrinkled skin.
Rats.
Robin is suddenly galvanized.
Swings upward, driving his fast into the executioner's throat.
Knife pressed to his throat, Peter is forced against the furnace.
Heavily-muscled arms and chest, covered in tattoos.
A snake lashes out for his face.
Soldiers approaching.
Peter shakes him off.
The peasant falls to his knees.
Dark clouds race across the moon.
Locksley reacts -- a hint of fear.
Locksley ties his nervous horse to a tree.
Lord Locksley and Kenneth watch in horror.
The girl's body shudders as blood-red liquid is forced down her throat.
The terrified crowd parts.
The horse is freaked.
CRASH!
Outside.
A standoff.
More surprised than scared.
Gisborne signals his men to attack.
Blood flows from his arm.
A moment of silence...  Like lightning, Robin spins, kicks out Gisborne's legs.
Dismissive.
Robin stares, struck dumb with horror.
The dark courtyard.
His face crudely- scarred.
She sits at his feet like a frightened dog.
A knife flashes.
The girl flinches in horror.
She shakes him.
She whimpers.
Spins, as if fearing invisible intruders.
Eyes wide with terror.
Mortianna grabs the terrified girl's wrist.
Rain and blood mingle.
They wait, shivering...
The knife drops.
Stunning.
She is shocked.
He runs to a bluff...  a column of soldiers snakes up the hillside.
It stumbles.
It shakes violently.
Suddenly Robin arcs up out of the water.
Surfaces in panic.
The terrified giant sputters.
Goes under again, flailing with arms and legs.
Dead bees.
A steady trickle of RAIN drips from leaves onto the nose of the sleeping Saracen.
He rouses Duncan, who is asleep at his side.
Marian spots the danger.
Robin is stripped to the waist, his muscled skin ravaged with scars.
Will spins back to the attack.
Panicked, the HORSE rears, WHINNYING wildly.
Suddenly, Robin lets go.
Will wriggles in terror.
A soldier is hit.
It's as if they disappeared.
More soldiers fall.
Inside, panic.
The other soldier, who definitely  has more flesh on the bone, is struck dumb with horror,  as Aslan turns his attention to him.
Sweat.
Wulf runs up to Little John in panic.
Fanny's chest is covered with black squirming creatures.
He faints.
He hands Aslan the knife and extends his bloodied wrist.
He reveals a large scar on his wrist -- removes his mask -- the man who attacked her earlier.
Lays his blade against her chest.
Deep tribal scars on his cheeks.
The Baron backs away in fear.
The trees ignite...  the RAT SQUEALS in terror and runs.
There is blood on the sacrificial altar.
A shadow falls across Robin.
She hisses -- venom, hatred, fear -- then is gone.
Fire.
Scared and injured woodsmen careen out of the trees.
The Sheriff's armed hordes swarm over the em- battled woodsmen.
Defiant to the last...  suddenly his attackers are hurled aside.
Dignity masking his terror.
Robin is washing, trying to drive away the horror.
Aslan throws a handful of powder into the firel A fire- ball rips ten feet in the air...  Tuck falls on his ass in terror.
Mortianna pours the blood-red liquid down her throat.
Collapses.
SCREAMS of panic.
A guard attacks, Hal fells him.
Grabbing weapons from fallen soldiers, many join the fray.
Suddenly    peasants are swarming over his attacker.
Frightened.
Blood flows.
Fanny is chased into the kitchens by a vengeful soldier.
A chef comes at Fanny with a knife.
The armed guards charge him.
Suddenly he is confronted by the jailer.
WHAM! Tuck takes the lethal cudgel full in the chest.
Sweating, fearful, the Bishop rushes through the service.
Grinning, he pulls open his robes, revealing chest armor ...  and a miniature powder keg.
Suddenly it's havoc.
Into the fray comes Fanny Little, leading a rabble of servants and kitchen staff, fighting with pots, pans, brooms, knives, hooks, and bedpans.
Her lifeless eyes suddenly flash.
She stumbles out of the fountain...  and storms at him, pounding her fists on his chest.
Here -- watch this.
The creature suddenly flicks its wings and COMES TO LIFE, unnoticed by the adults.
Her look of delight turns to fear.
The journey is dangerous.
Panic and pandemonium.
Suddenly a beam of light hits the branch.
It bursts into flame, and falls down to the ground, saving the birds from any future danger.
She suddenly hears Alura's voice in her mind.
What's that big black scar on the ground?
He suddenly clutches his throat with a gasp and collapses unconscious on the couch.
Linda watches with mounting horror.
She stands on-the roof in front of a big illuminated advertising sign, which hides her from the fleeing crowd.
She can fly.
Am I? Still?
Mrs. Danvers hangs up the phone with a worried expression.
For the first time since she left Argo City, her eyes show fear.
Supergirl picks herself up, shaken.
He walks toward the dorm, fear and confusion on his face.
outside.
She shakes hands shyly with Jimmy, then turns to Lucy. insurance money.
The police are calling it a freak tornado.
I'm afraid you don't know who I am.
Frightened patients peek out of their rooms.
The nurse who was ejected from the room cringes in fear as Selena emerges into the corridor.
Another hideously painted car attacks him, and another, and another.
Supergirl flies to the little fence made out of steel spikes surrounding the Haunted House.
Suddenly his car is lifted up, carried through a hole in the tent roof, and off into the night sky.
We are in great danger.
They cringe from her. Selena raises her hands and the kneeling six cry out in fear.
Miss what?
He grins, and sighs with relief.
We were so worried.
And I'm weak.
A field of force from her hands stops them in their tracks, knocking them backwards off the steps to land on their butts.
The President drops it with horror.
The URITANIAN suddenly recovers his wits and tries to place a hand on Selena's shoulder.
She goes to the rear of the abandoned Hamburger Place and knocks four times.
have been arrested!
She is suddenly all excitement and hopefulness again.
I'd be helpless.
Her face is white with fear.
Her eyes get that dangerous look.
Ethan cries out with terror.
Flaming spheres of BALL LIGHTNING begin to whizz past Zaltar and Supergirl.
Suddenly Supergirl enters another area of the vortex.
There is a cosmic musical chord, and the SHADOW is destroyed; it falls to the floor in a rain of hard, dark cinders.
The picture represents no distant, cautions photographic observation, but rather an intimate report, so immediate and real that the viewer has the nervous feeling the fight surrounds him and he had best defend himself.
He winces.
He winces again.
His eyes are suddenly turned in another direction, sharply to his left.
He picks up the warning oven.
We notice that the outside is considerably darker by now, and the lights are beginning to come on in the various apartments outside.
As he drinks, his eyes move slightly over.
THE CAMERA HAS PANNED slightly to the woman's living room window.
She moves away from THE CAMERA into the center of the room, as she says: Jeff looks across at her with some concern.
A moment later, the salesman, still carrying the suitcase, moves diagonally across the corner, head down against the rain.
Jeff's eyes suddenly switch to the street.
He is still in his wheelchair, sound asleep.
Stella hits a sore muscle in Jeff's back.
She attacks the sore muscle vigorously.
From the sink he takes out a large butcher's knife, and a long, narrow saw.
Suddenly he puts it up to his eye again.
As seen though the binoculars, the salesman comes out of the bedroom, to the kitchen, where he gets a carving knife.
She, too, is serious.
Suddenly a match flares, and we see the salesman light a cigar.
The CAMERA PULLS BACK slightly as Stella emerges from the kitchen.
He puts it down on the plate again, as his eyes move slightly toward the left.
The shade suddenly going up in the newlywed's apartment.
Suddenly Thorwald is seen sitting up on the living room sofa.
Stops.
Suddenly his face changes as he sees: Thorwald coming out of his basement door, carrying a watering can.
She is suddenly blotted out by a figure of a man who enters the picture from the left side.
The lens suddenly sharpens.
He hangs up.
He turns his head suddenly at the sound of Lisa coming out of the kitchen.
Suddenly and fiercely she pushes him away.
She shrugs, goes into the kitchen, the CAMERA PANNING her.
Blood-curdling scream from the courtyard outside suddenly cuts through the night.
Lisa suddenly appears at the ground floor door below Thorwald's.
He lowers the long-focus lens and he is sweating with anxiety.
Jeff, in near panic, shouts in anguish!
Suddenly he looks onto the bed.
By her gestures, and nervous laughter, she appears to be offering a lame excuse for being found in his apartment.
Jeff!" Thorwald suddenly looks out at the neighborhood.
Then he bends his head forward in despair, and after a brief moment speaks: Stella staring out, tense, frightened.
For a moment Thorwald is genuinely frightened by the sight of the police.
Suddenly he jumps a little as the phone rings.
Jeff watching, waiting, nervous at first.
He licks his lip with nervous tension and grips the flash holder.
He works furiously, sweating.
Big, twisting balls of blinding yellow.
Lisa is panicked.
Lisa stand looking up, her hands at the sides of her head, frozen with panic.
The startled Thorwald stops his attack on Jeff as he looks wildly around to find the source of his new attack.
The CAMERA PANS past Jeff who is asleep in his wheelchair facing away from the window.
The horse suddenly falls on the ice and goes down hard on its knees...
Frightened, it rears and Judith, caught off balance, is thrown, her foot catching in the stirrup...  Her horse, unable to find its balance, starts to slide backward down the incline.
She sees Judith's horse stumbling back onto its feet, one of his legs broken at the ankles, walking in confused circles, dragging Judith -- her face bleeding, her leg hanging from the stirrup.
The truck's cab, like a mythic monster, heads right for Grace and Pilgrim...  Grace looks right into the Driver's helpless, frightened eyes... Suddenly, Pilgrim rears up at the truck, sending Grace flying, bouncing her off the pavement and under the wheel of the truck.
Pilgrim, on the truck's hood, his legs splayed, stuck, his head and chest, bleeding.
His chest is cut open, bleeding.
His face cut, contorted and swollen.
A Policeman is going into the water downstream from Pilgrim, whose chest is heaving, blood drips into the water.
Frightened, Pilgrim wheels back toward Liz, who manages to stick the hypo in his neck.
He rears, knocking her down, then runs out of the river, the hypo still in his neck.
The expression on her face sinks into a stunned panic.
Pilgrim is sedated, lying in his own blood in the snow, surrounded by Police and trackers.
Annie, one to face her fears, bravely looks at it head on.
He is waking up.
Suddenly, she stops.
Blowing into her stomach.
There is an immediate explosion of sound inside the stall, the sound of fear, startling them.
Then it's still.
It takes a moment for her eyes to grow accustomed to the dark.
They too see the monster Pilgrim has become and are horrified.
In that silence, Annie looks at him...  and makes a decision: Robert is confused... and a little worried.
Robert fears this is about the marriage.
Annie watches with anxiety -- an almost giddy Liz by her side.
It is the middle of the night.
Annie rises -- considering whether or not to intercede...  Finally, Grace begins to cry out... softly at first, but with increasing intensity until she awakens in fear...  Annie appears right by her side.
Shaken, Grace cannot fight how much she needs her mother at that moment.
She crosses the motel parking lot to the horse trailer.
And suddenly he bares his teeth, biting at her.
They stop.
Frank is a good man -- solid work ethic, Christian fearing, wry sense of humor.
And Pilgrim suddenly kicks out at him.
Watching TV, but anxious and disturbed about what she's committed herself to.
One of the Twins' lower torso is laying outside of the blanket.
Pilgrim, his scarred head above water, legs moving in odd sycopation, swimming.
Suddenly, Annie's CELL PHONE rings, jarring the proceedings.
Pilgrim, fearful, fights him.
Grace is worried.
Joe and Smokey, sensing danger, come closer to the pond.
Annie is shaken.
As Tom leads Pilgrim out, the horse suddenly whirls, bolting, knocking Tom down...  Pilgrim runs off, pulling the wet rope behind him.
Pilgrim runs past the corral and down into a hill out onto a pasture, He keeps on running into the distance -- running across the pasture, not knowing where he is going...  Tom, arms folded across his chest, watches him run.
A concerned Annie approaches.
Frank rides back from work.
She watches as Tom gets up and pats Pilgrim's scarred head.
She doesn't want to, but she's afraid to say "No" to Tom.
Tanned from the sun, their bodies sore -- they feel softened, yet more vital.
Grace is fast asleep, exhausted.
She stops.
He hangs up.
Folding his arms over his chest, shutting his eyes, Tom relaxes back.
They watch each other.
They stop.
She stops.
She manages to pull herself halfway on, her prosthetic leg buckles and she falls.
Frightened, Joe runs to her.
She stops.
Yelling.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Tom is near and holds her as she puts her head on his chest.
The cattle dark and motionless.
Until, suddenly, aware of their surroundings, they part.
She's worried...  Tom puts his arms around her shoulders and walks out to Pilgrim.
Anxious.
Robert grows more anxious.
Scared, he lurches, hopping on his right foreleg.
Annie covers her mouth so as not to scream out her fear.
The women shake.
Her throat is choked with tears, she swallows down.
It stops.
A poster of Lee Ving of FEAR onstage, taped to the wall.
Danny walks over and shakes him.
It's a haven for criminals.
A bleeding Daryl struggles to his hands and knees behind Danny.
He points to a typewritten report on the desk and smiles in horror.
I'm worried about his little brother.
I ain't losin' in my house!
That white people are too afraid.
You owe me.
I'm not doing your homework for you!
Derek stares at the older man, who appears nervous.
The foot soldiers follow him in unison.
They're cops!
FIVE PATROL CARS, a FIRE TRUCK, TWO AMBULANCES, and a throng of terrified NEIGHBORS strangle the front of the house.
The final blow.
Derek walks over and shakes their hands.
Do I have a problem?
Do you have a problem?
A shadow approaches from behind.
How the hell... ?
Derek slaps the roof on the passenger side and scares the hell out of the officers.
He genzly shakes Davina.
Wake up.
He looks at all of his tattoos and SCARS.
LAPD is worried that more firefighters will become targets.
They think we would rather let a building burn down over there than fight it.
Danny shakes his head no.
Henry sits up front with JEROME, nervous and scared.
Derek senses the danger in his voice.
The war is over.
Vengeance brought about by hate... and fear.
One OFFICER is locked inside a sleep chamber, banging on the glass and pleading with panic.
The trapped OFFICER begins pounding on the glass with a crazed panic as the INSANE OFFICER calmly goes to his own sleep-pod and climbs inside, sealing the hatch.
We're suddenly back into the unsettling silence as...  like a bee hive that's exploded, thousands of coffin-sized sleep pods are ejected from the ship in unison.
A MAN is asleep, a mask attached to his face, tubes of liquid feeding into his arms.
His chest lightly expanding, blood pulsating through his veins.
He tries to get to his feet, but his legs wobble underneath him, collapsing.
He pulls on a black flight suit, emblems and military markings of rank on the chest.
i was...  a little concerned.
With anxiety shown across his sweat coated face, he squints down the endless shaft.
BOWER sets his jaw and suddenly spots a SPIDER, gently dropping down from a string of web.
BOWER turns the corner to follow the spider's path, the glow of the lamp slowly fading.
A shiver of uneasiness goes through him as he sits, trapped within the room alone.
He tries to divert his fears, turning to the control screen, giving the hand-crank a whirl.
BOWER rubs the sweat from his eyes, anxiety increasing with his heavy breathing.
Listen to me- BOWER squirms, pushing outward against the walls of the shaft with an increasing panic.
Stop it!
Hear me?
Shit! BOWER panics as he begins to slide forward into a downward sloping shaft, clawing at the walls.
The flashlight falls through the grate and he watches in horror as the light drops, fading from sight, taking him into darkness.
Hear me?
Do you hear me?
Jesus- BOWER back pedals with fear and confusion as distant THUMPS make him quickly click off his light and he backs away, fading into the dark.
BOWER holds his breath with fright, back pedalling on his knees as his eyes try to adjust to the dark.
Suddenly, his radio sounds...  Is that you!? Bower-- BOWER frantically flips it off as one of the HUNTERS suddenly turns back.
On closer examination, WEASEL is coated with war paint and decorative scars marking his skin.
We hear...  BOWER'S breath, heightened gasps of fear as he begins to crawl away.
She was going to slit my throat!
BOWER gives himself a shiver as he fearfully checks over his shoulder, eyes shifting with fear.
BOWER looks across the wreckage of what was once an infirmary, slash marks and battle scars from bladed weapons.
Fear over comes BOWER.
BOWER crawls under piping to hide.
The HUNTERS turn towards BOWER, the lead hunter turning to reveal itself as...  } HEFLIN, a muscular-frame larger then the rest, skin glistening with a layer of hydraulic fluid along with tribal I scars and distorted war paint.
His eyes hidden under shadow.
BOWER frantically cranks the energy lever and raises it toward HEFLIN, completely unaffected by the threat.
A blood droplet hits the floor by his feet and PAYTON wipes blood off his nose with confusion and a nervous frown.
Both of ya! TANAKA and NADIA slowly recover, both quickly try to find their weapons on the floor.
Listen...  nobody needs to get hurt here.
Can you fly it?
Who the hell...  are you!? GALLO is tightly wedged inside the shaft, squirming to crawl out, trembling with fear and exhaustion.
His eyes widen with terror, breath quickening.
GALLO is hyper-ventilating, eyes wide with terror.
NADIA sighs with dread.
They round a corner into the main atrium to see dishevelled equipment and smashed control consoles, scarred from battle.
They crouch and crawl to the adjacent corner.
BOWER, NADIA and TANAKA quickly realize the effect as shadows begin to move.., the room is filling with HUNTERS, alerted by the tapping of metal.
A low gargled HISS is heard from HEFLIN'S throat.
It's a panicked and mad dash through the dark as they crawl through the barricade and run back into the main corridor of sleep chambers.
In a frenzied panic, BOWER dives into the chamber with NADIA, tugging the hatch closed.
BOWER and NADIA are cheek to cheek in the cramped space, both gasping for breath and dripping sweat with terror.
Our gang quickly crawls toward the shadows, crouching behind equipment to watch as...  Another KICK bursts open the hatch and a BIG PASSENGER crawls out, slamming onto the floor with a shiver of agony, gasping for breath, muscles twitching.
The BIG PASSENGER tries to get to his feet, gasping and heaving, mumbling in Russian.
The BIG PASSENGER is STRUCK by a single blow from HEFLIN.
Frozen in horror, BOWER is tugged by TANAKA, following NADIA to the corner where she's lifted a grate in the floor.
They climb into a shaft under the floor and into the dark as...
Whose blood is it?
They instantly turn back to the door, yanking and tugging in a panic.
Starts with a shiver.
GALLO'S eyes are welling up, his lip begins to shiver.
NADIA shakes awake to see...  LELAND is kneeling over her, eyes wide with hunger, deliciously sniffing her body.
Can you hear me!?
Are you hearing me?
I hear you.
Battle scars and centuries of wear and tear grow more and more evident as they cross.
The CHILD is a younger version of the hunters, awkward physique, pale skin coated with hydraulic fluid, oblong shaped head, eyes hidden in shadow.
The CHILD suddenly crouches in a fighting stance with a i gargled HISS from its throat, the light catching its eyes to reveal WHITE RETINAS deeply hidden under a thin membrane of I skin.
They crawl out onto the top of a massive cylinder shaped shaft, numerous catwalks lining the walls with nothing but an abyss of darkness below them.
LELAND'S fear has instantly surfaced, unable to move.
His eyes widen with horror, quickly searching for a solution.
High pressure steam erupts from the reactor's pressure relief valves.
The HUNTERS back pedal in fear as the ventilation system ignites...  fresh oxygen hits the blue torches... BURSTING into BRILLIANT ORANGE FIREBALLS..
The HUNTER'S scatter in a panic as the BRIGHT FLAMES are blinding and a tremendous SHUDDER travels through the ship like an earthquake...
The SHUDDER hits the control desk, rattling the monitors and 1 WARNING LIGHTS and BUZZERS ignite as the ship feels full power after centuries of laying dormant.
I GALLO slows his POUNDING, blood coating his fists.
Other HUNTERS have retreated away from the reactor, cowering in fear with the exception of WEASEL, enraged by the temple's disturbance.
They look to see most of the HUNTERS fleeing the room, but others have grabbed weapons.
Upon IMPACT with the wall, GALLO suddenly appears slightly older, his voice lowering in level.
I was the one helping with- GALLO suddenly SLASHES his throat!
LELAND reels back in shock, throttling his own neck in horror, blood gushing.
GALLO sigh with relief as the doors slide open revealing a corridor of stairs leading to the bridge.
He unleashes a vicious BLOW into BOWER'S throat.
Fearless.
He FIRES!
And broke.
She turns and stops suddenly.
She winks and moves away... eyeing the kitchen window.
Suddenly NormaJean steps in front of him.
The children are huddled, terrified against their parents.
Suddenly Piper turns on him.
Mona SCREAMS in pain, Frank YELPS in fear as Piper drags Mona backwards off the bed.
Although he's a big fella, he looks scared.
Suddenly Mona steps in front of Piper and SLAPS her across the face!
Now cut it out.
Suddenly a look crosses his face.
She drops to her hands and knees.
He stops.
There's an old scar under his left eye but a scar on this guy simply adds to his fuckabilty factor.
(a beat.)
He flies.
He's - --Dead.
Shoot.
Kill.
This man is highly dangerous.
She stops.
Milton, presses Candy's face into his chest, twisting his body to shield her as his 357 THUNDERS twice!
Man with Axe clutches his throat... blood gushing...turns and flees back into the adjoining room as -- The bathroom door flies open!
FIRES!
The glare becomes fear.
Do you mind?! We're...  Candy sits up and suddenly takes in her surroundings.
Dead.
FF-FFUMP!
Dead.
I busted out.
She stops herself.
There's been an accident.
Drop it.
The girls shoot a nervous glance at Jonah.
You forced my daughter onto her knees, you sonofabitch.
You killed him!
The other, pools blood where the bullet entered.
Teen #2 sits up suddenly, coughing.
He SCREAMS.
She watches in horror as -- Jonah's gun slides from beneath the foldaway bed.
It's still in there.
He SCREAMS.
Because he IS dead.
Suddenly a Unformed Officer leans from within the bar.
He... he killed them.
Stops.
A beat.
And the gun.
He does so reluctantly.
Suddenly a noise catches them off guard.
The kid keeps his gun aimed, nervous, excited and confused.
Suddenly the Accountant moves fast.
She's scared.
Suddenly a look of alarm crosses his face!
Stop you?
With a crisp flick, suddenly there's a blade at Piper's throat.
She GASPS.
The Dark Lord?
You're still here?
Tattoo approaches with an old rusty knife.
Kill him!
Kill him!
You lose.
Dark and dormant as a crypt.
Cut off.
Ripley coughs suddenly as if choking and her expression becomes one of dawning horror.
AN EXPLOSION OF BLOOD beneath the sheet covering her chest!
She gasps for breath, clutching pathetically at her chest.
But the terror, the loss, the emptiness are, in this moment, overwhelming.
Huge-wheeled tractors crawl toadlike in the rutted "street" and vanish down rampways to underground garages.
The tractor and the derelict are dark and motionless.
The wind.
CRASH!
Anne, panting and terrified, grabs the dash mike.
We SEE that she's gut scared, covering it with anger.
She clutches her chest, breathing hard.
Dark electronic womb.
A sudden high-pitched TRILLING accompanies a sequence of lights.
An alarm.
Nasty scar curling his lip into a sneer.
High pressure water jets and a blast of hot air when you step out... a drive through car wash for people.
As he exerts pressure with his hands against the servo-controls the hydraulic arms move correspondingly... but with a thousandfold increase in power.
Pale.
Alert.
In several offices the exterior windows are blown out, admitting wind and rain.
Shakes her head "no."
She looks really nervous, alone in the howling wind.
AND SCREAMS!
CRASH.
CLOSE ON NEWT'S TRAUMATIZED, VACANT STARE  her lips are white and trembling, her eyes track wildly and she flinches from unseen terrors.
We READ a dark nightmare world in her eyes.
And because she's a child, the darkest terrors, even the ones seen and not imagined, can still be banished by a smile and a single promise.
Ripley stares at the scene in dread fascination.
They face a wall of living horror.
Paralyzed, brought here, entombed in living death as hosts for the embryos growing within then.
Suddenly, the woman's chest EXPLODES in a gout of blood.
SEIZES HER.
CRASH!
A SCREAM.
He FIRES.
She fires "at" him.
Apone's monitor SPINS CRAZILY AND GOES DARK.
She's terrified... of what she knows she's about to do.
Siren.
A spray of BRIGHT YELLOW ACID slashes across Drake's face and chest, eating into him like a hot knife through butter.
He shrieks.
Face to face once again with the same mind-numbing horror.
She is trembling, and looks terrified, but it's not the basket case catatonia of before.
Ripley closes the doll's eyes and hands her back.
She's seen that the world can be just as terrifying as her most primal child's nightmare if not more so, and that's a lot worse than finding out there is no Santa.
A plaintive voice in the dark.
Ripley jumps as an ALARM suddenly blares through the complex.
But there is an irrational promise of security in its lethal cold steel lines, to at least the sense that she will be in some greater measure the master of her own fate.
Ripley lays the rifle on top of the cot and crawls carefully underneath.
Ripley feels a slow upwelling wave of terror rise through her in that silent frozen moment... the inescapable certainty of a lethal presence.
The obscene thing hits the wall above her, legs moving lightning fast.
Ripley's eyes flash around the shadowed room where every corner of space between equipment holds lethal promise.
Ripley hugs Newt close and heads toward the door, moving as if every object in the room had a million volts running through it.
The bare floor behind her is like a screaming threat.
Newt starts to whimper, feeding off her fear.
Like an indicator of her growing panic.
Ripley steadies herself, realizing Newt's terror and the child's dependence on her.
It moves like lightning toward her head, avoiding her fumbling hands.
Ripley has both hands up, forcing the pulsing body back from her face.
The thing's tail whips around her throat and begins to tighten, forcing the underside of its body close to her.
Hicks dives into the crazed spider web pattern and explodes into the room in a shower of fragments.
Between the two of them they force is away from her face, though Ripley is losing strength as the tail tightens sickeningly around her throat.
Grenades.
Stops.
blasted by fear.
Nightmare shapes drop into the room.
Panic screams in her brain.
FIRES.
Burke, hyperventilating with terror, backs across the dark chamber.
Gasping, almost paralyzed with fear, he crosses the chamber to the door leading to the main concourse.
She spins in a growing panic, starts the other way.
Cold and terrified.
Ripley panics, hearing screaming below, then splashing.
Hysterical.
Acid sluices between the closing doors, across Hicks' armored chest plate, as he shields Ripley with his body.
Stops.
This is the most terrifying thing she has ever done.
Newt stares, transfixed by terror, as the jointed legs appear over the lip of the ovoid one by one.
She fires.
Ripley backs away, venting her terror in a sustained orgy of fire as she blasts everything that moves in one long eye-searing expenditure of energy.
Ripley moves with nightmarish slowness herself, staring hypnotized... terrified to break and run.
CRASH!
Devastating.
Michael slumps a bit, eyes the ground and rubs his hands on his knees - a nervous trait of his.
Your predicament?
Big Tony knocks at the door.
Michael walks back and sits in the corner, looking terrified.
I'm going over to Cannon's house to study.
(after a beat.)
You hear me?
Si crawls out of bed and Leigh Anne exits the room and starts down the stairs, almost afraid of what she'll find.
He shakes his head, "no".
Hurt Village -- that sounds like a threat.
Chest o'drawers.
Before Elaine can attack -- Look, here's the deal.
(after a beat.)
(back to work.)
I stopped it.
The other team will be terrified 'til they realize he's a marshmallow.
The SCRUB, terrified, looks to Michael.
I'm worried that if he goes off to school I won't see him so...  Go on.
He'll have nightmares for weeks.
Your predicament?
Michael's building up anxiety by the second.
The NCAA fears that with your recruitment a door might be opened that boosters from lots of schools in the south will become legal guardians for young athletes without means and funnel them to their Alma Maters.
People packing knives in their socks.
You threaten my son you threaten me.
When she gets in she's so nervous she hyperventilates.
(after a beat.)
His face is scarred, stubbly.
He tries to get up, but-- GREER plants a foot on his chest and holds him fast against the ground.
GREER trudges toward the building, on his cell, leaving the body behind.
Abandoned.
The Dreads've gotta be behind half the crimes against surries nationwide-- "Dreads... " They dread the present, they dread (points at radio.)
BLOOD runs from his nose, his face twitches slightly; he lies in a STIM CHAIR.
The DREAD turns-- GREER is holding up a BADGE.
The Dread scowls, zips up and moves away from Greer, plunks down at the end of the car.
The sign "TERROR ALERT - HIGH."
He's gonna miss the exam.
There'll be panic in the streets if the public gets the idea that using their surries can kill them...  Greer is rewinding the IMAGE.
We're still analyzing the damage-- It was attacked?
No, but-- at the beginning, all of us at VSI were worried about it.
My money's on the Dreads.
He shakes their hands.
Suddenly, WATERS snaps out of it, looks down at the two agents.
The cops approach, guns ready.
GREER has seen this, horrified.
He pushes past DREADS who move to help their injured fellows, PANIC in the fire- lit no man's land.
STRICKLAND twitches and moans, partly paralyzed.
A heavyset FEMALE DREAD wields the sawed-off shotgun.
She gets between Greer and Strickland, who manages to crawl away, vanishing behind other DREADS who are gathering around Greer.
He's lost control of his legs, which crumple beneath him, he falls to his knees.
Wake up!
.free of pain, fear and anxiety...  IN SLO-MO she releases at the top of the swing's arc and flies into the air...
Four Dreads were killed on the ground, half a dozen wounded.
You violated our treaty with the Dreads-- we're expecting retaliation.
GREER sinks back into his pillow, anxious.
PETERS pauses, seeing Greer is having a panic attack.
They wanted to give me something for the anxiety...  they call it corporeaphobia.
He's sweating, terrified.
He speaks with an incongruous ASIAN Oh you poor guy-- out in just your skin can be scary.
PETERS blinks, Greer has suddenly gotten sincere on her.
They instantly bring the DREAD down in a barrage of gunfire.
A DREAD GUARD waves him past.
A formidable ring of BODYGUARDS stands between him and the gathered throng of DREADS.
The DREAD GUARD calls sarcastically after him.
GREER holds ICE to his swollen face.
Greer starts to move across the room again, heading for the door.
Greer shrugs, takes a long drink, sighs and rubs his sore neck.
Your mind isn't right, you've become a threat to national security.
Suddenly-- --STONE yanks open a DRAWER and lunges for a GUN.
As Agent #1 nears, Greer suddenly-- --PLANTS a FOOT in the man's chest, sending him crashing into AGENT #2.
THE DREADS emerge from tents and shacks at the sound of a nearby RUMBLING.
THE PROPHET manages to escape out a side exit during this gunfire-- but a stray BULLET catches him in the back as he flees.
A BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAM from nearby as a YOUNG FEMALE DREAD takes this in.
They've killed him!
A pool of BLOOD from her head...  her neck is twisted at a strange angle.
Suddenly her eyes open.
I'm here to arrest him.
Without a warrant, I'm afraid I can't help you.
THE BULLET RICOCHETS about the narrow area, scaring the hell out of him.
BULLETS rocket past, one CATCHES her in the arm, but barely phases her.
You're insane.
Is she-- She's dead.
BANG!
DREADS have been herded together here, NATIONAL GUARDSMEN surrounding them.
ANGLE DOWN on the suddenly quiet street.
The moment the Dreads have been waiting for.
- A few disheveled DREADS are here, taking it in with delight and amazement.
ARMED DREADS are rushing into the place, past the MOTIONLESS SENTRIES.
Frightened voice, the others react, Mick hushes him, and...
Mick looks briefly into the younger man's eyes-- he's scared, fragile -- but sincere.
Are you going to get me out?
Fear in her expression...  Studying it is ASSISTANT D.A. MAGGIE McPHERSON, 30s.
A beat.
From the ground up.
(after a beat.)
SUDDENLY: CAMERA MOVES among L.A. yuppies, night-players.
through sobs, still frightened-- .he
Which is crazy.
I'm not surprised, if she put blood on his hands she's gonna put prints on his knife...
Do the cops have this?
It's a picture of your knife.
At his frightened look.
He stops.
He raped her.
And I started carrying a knife.
Dark bloodstains.
Not wanting to face the memory: a VOICE in his head: I wish you'd called me before you talked to the cops, Jesus...  FLASHBACK OF MICK WITH MARTINEZ, who's stalking around, in a panic, while Mick is laying out the bad news...
After he killed her?
He comes in, punches her a few times to soften her up...  Renteria staggers as she's suddenly pummeled, then spun... NICK (V.0.) (cont'd.)
Then takes out a knife and holds it to her neck while he walks her to the bedroom...
We SEE the knife-tip against her throat... MICK (V.0.) (cont'd.)
I'm on trial for my life, Mick, and I get nervous when I can't reach yout And you were away all day.
Moved, she shakes her head no.
Are you still there?
Suddenly-- For air-- He can hardly breathe-- straightens his thoughts-- Takes the note from his pocket, studies it.
Strong: pulls them off his chest.
Off Mick, tries for a confident smile...  I'd describe Ms. Campo when we got there as... hurt and frightened...  Frightened?
You'll make me think you're worried what we'll find.
Mick's gaze, in the mirror: Fear.
I was scared.
She looks tentatively at Louis, as if still scared-- then she looks away.
(after a beat.)
And dangerous.
Yes-- You can do amazing things when you're afraid-- How much do you weigh, Ms. Campo?
He looks worried.
It was terrible.
It was traumatic for him.
A threat.
You've got enough reasons to be afraid of me already.
.tearful
Then-- What are you arresting him for?
That snake-dancer nonsense?
Are you crazy?
When they stick that needle in your arm, that will be me.
Stops him.
Maggie, Hayley-- they're in danger.
He's not goin' to your house.
Hangs up again.
The ROAD SAINTS, MOTORCYCLES SPANNING THE STREET, ARE HEADING Off Louis, his confusion and dawning fear... Cut to, Out steps Hayley, safe into Maggie's arms.
Where he was shot.
I'm shot!
Suddenly LANKFORD & SOBEL are through the door-- Lankford sees Mary on the floor, while-- Don't move, Haller-- She rushes to him.
She turns her dark eyes to him.
As she hangs up.
Shakes her head, no way.
That stops her.
Stops.
Stops her.
She's going to have a heart attack.
There's a knife in her heart.
Tears now.
Julianne lugging multiple carry-ons, trying to pull fly-away strands of hair into place, nervous as a schoolgirl, looking all around, and...  ... there he is.
And she stops.
The seam- stress' eyes FLASH OPEN in abject horror.
Stops.
Stops.
Suddenly, a dull THUMPING at the door.
Michael JUMPS UP, terrified at the impending mayhem this sight suggests...
He's in shock.
A beat.
She stops.
She shudders.
Leafs through, until she finds what she was praying would be there...  ... Julianne grinning.
She looks really scared.
She loves him so much, and she is sick with worry.
Stops.
Against the noise of this place.
Accusing.
Angry, scared.
To stop him.
She's hysterical.
She LUNGES for it, and a terrified Digger GRASPS her arm...  Huh? Oh.
He stops.
He stops.
He stops.
And stops.
Mandy is HANGING on his arm, pressing her body against him as they walk, murmuring urgent murmurs close to his ear.
Julianne is so lost in her own anxiety, she doesn't even notice, until...  Today, the girls' voices are charmingly musically Southern, with none of the extreme accents we heard at the shower.
Helpless.
He is mystified.
As the car starts up, she folds her arms across her chest, at the edge of tears.
Stops.
And his face suddenly...  freezes.
And crouches down.
Slow.
A sudden RAPPING at the door, and she...  ... sits BOLT UPRIGHT.
This wakes her up.
Watching the brave, frightened bride.
Stalks off.
She POKES his chest, punctuating...
A plea.
Worried for her.
And Julianne...  ... turns, suddenly.
She puts her hands flat on his chest.
Her hands across her mouth, as if to stem the horror that pours forth as she SHRIEKS from her soul, and...  ... runs.
He BLASTS OFF.
Stumbles in.
A second wind, fueled by panic, and she BOLTS after him, DANCING down the steep staircase somehow without killing herself, reaching the concourse to see him, running for...  ... Track 29, a train already RUMBLING, ready to pull out, she SPRINTS after him.
And watching.
He glares at her.
A gentle warning.
Kimmy's eyes alerted, like a small animal bearing a predator approach her thicket.
Suddenly, the CHORD.
FLYING down the stairs, RACING through the crowd with a protective phalanx of groomsmen bodyguards, heading for the door, for freedom...  ... Julianne, trapped in the crush, loses sight of the couple, struggles against the flow, suddenly panicked by the certainty that she will never see him before...
DOOM?
Ben glances at Reed, who looks a little nervous.
The SHADOW clears his throat.
A beat.
Beat.
Anxiety creeps across his face.
It panics Reed.
Beat.
DARKNESS.
He stops when he catches a glimpse of Sue asleep in bed.
Panic sets in.
Scared, panicked.
Victor looks at the scar, enraged by this defect.
The room is darker, more romantic.
Victor peels back the bandage, and sees the scar is bluish-gray.
He concentrates, not sure if it will work...  Suddenly, his arm STRETCHES, THIN ENOUGH TO CREEP UNDER THE Reed's arm wriggles under the door.
His arm snakes out from under the door and snaps back into place.
Fear washes over her, not sure what to think.
She trembles, terrified.
The Businessman looks at Ben, terrified.
Time slows to syrup, as Ben looks a little scared.
... and she DISAPPEARS.
She fights the pressure.
A beat.
A beat.
Reed feels the pain.
A giant.
A beat.
A noise, and she turns, flinching slightly, surprised to see... VICTOR.
She notices the scar on his head.
But she stops him.
Standoff.
Shakes his wrist.
Victor suddenly WHEELS on Reed.
Reed exhales, shaken.
He stares at it in horror.
Reed grabs a BLOOD PRESSURE MACHINE, but the strap is way too short to wrap around Ben's arm.
She slows down.
A beat.
Reed drops his eyes, makes a note, back to work.
A beat.
He struggles.
A beat.
Red sparks swirl around the plant, like the cosmic storm -- THE COSMIC STORM swirls, terrifying.
Concerned.
He disappears.
He absentmindedly picks at his SCAR.
Ben disappears into the dark night, and we CUT TO -- Dark.
SMASH!
Glasses shake.
They drop bills onto tables, filing out, scared of this monster.
A beat.
flying.
A beat.
As Johnny gets swallowed by fans, we see a scary thing flicker in his eyes: the birth of a star.
Intrigued.
She turns to Reed, who gives a sheepish shrug, and peels back his labcoat revealing a "4" stitched onto his chest too.
Stops himself.
Instead of attacking, he starts to walk off.
The crowd clears, scared.
The electric spark hits the water and...  LIGHTNING-FAST ACROSS THE WATER (like deadly electric snakes.),
For the first time, his SCAR SPLITS OPEN, revealing a METAL GLOW beneath the skin.
He remains scary calm.
Leonard enters, stepping closer, seeing the faint flicker of VICTOR'S METALLIC SCAR.
His eyes narrow, concerned.
Victor wears a bandage, covering his scar.
Reed watches, worried.
And she is deeply worried.
A beat.
They struggle.
Ben runs back into a wall to shake Reed.
He's bleeding.
She runs into... JOHNNY who shakes off the encounter.
A dark night.
A beat.
Dead... ?
Victor turns to Leonard, who looks a little scared by this dark room.
To escape?
Suddenly, a BRIGHT FLASH emerges from the window of the Baxter Building.
He collapses.
Suddenly, WHOOSH!
He passes our friend O'HOOLIHAN, who looks scared.
A monster.
Silence, deadly silence.
A beat between them.
THE MISSILE LIGHTS UP THE DARK NIGHT beginning its wide turn towards its target.
As he moves, the missile SHIFTS slightly with HIS MOTION!
SWOOPS UP! Sue watches, with fear, and a hint of pride.
A beat.
But he simply shakes it off, and steps up.
Water floods the street.
CRASH!
The truck suddenly STOPS.
SMASH!
The two deadly wires SNAKE out of control!
PEDESTRIANS scatter, panic.
A massive WAVE OF ENERGY.
Sue exhales and falls to her knees.
As everyone's eyes adjust, we hear... THUD.
And -- SLAM.
He throws the door to reveal a mass of huddled and frightened people inside.
One by one, all eyes fall on the little girl and the looks of curiosity become looks of fear.
Of superstition.
Before long, tents are collapsing and panic ensues.
As we pull back, we see the skyline of New York, crudely made out with its silhouette buildings of dark gray and black - windows of yellow.
He looks at Scott who is now crying meekly in the stall, covering his eyes again -- afraid to open them.
In the corner several girls huddle together, they are afraid.
Suddenly: Silence falls over the crowd.
The crowd steps back in genuine fear.
HIS HEAD SUDDENLY TURNS.
He is drowning.
When Sabretooth clears his throat, the clicking balls instantly freeze and hover there.
He is asleep, recovering.
Jeanis eye moves across his body.
Just as she is sticking the needle in his arm HE JOLTS Loganis hand reaches up quickly, breaking the needle off in his arm.
He looks at Jean who recoils from him in terror.
He presses it.
As he gets closer to it, we can begin to hear: Now the voice is clear as a bell, coming from a room with the door slightly ajar.
He wakes suddenly and looks out the window seeing the ocean below.
He wakes him.
Kellyis reaction tells him he is certainly afraid of something right now. Kelly looks around wildly, terrified.
A beat.
Kellyis eyes grow wide with fear as the metal dog tag begins to glow.
The silver Amtrack moves speedily through the dark countryside.
Her name is ROGUE -- a dark-eyed and somewhat distant creature.
From the shawl around her head to her boots, layers of odd clothing wrap every inch of her body, except her face and hands.
Suddenly, Brad 4is eyes open wide as if heis in shock, an instant later, he COLLAPSES.
Suddenly, Brad 1 is up.
Brad 2 is paralyzed.
A TRANSIT COP pushes past the fleeing passengers, into the car.
Suddenly: SHOOK -- the sound of metal extending.
SHOOK -- the sound of metal retracting.
Revealing the terrified passengers inside -- and Magneto, Sabretooth, Mystique Toad and Pyro on the outside.
Suddenly, Pyro grabs hold of his face.
Suddenly, all the passengers except Rogue lay on the floor and seats and go to sleep.
He starts to panic, then collects himself.
He pauses, afraid...  then: He pops his head through again.
Suddenly out of the darkness Sabretooth barrels toward him.
She is startled.
She puts her hand on his chest.
He lays under a single sheet, sweating, his eyes moving quickly this way and that in R.E.M.
His expression makes it clear that his worst fears about Logan have come to pass.
Rogue is frozen with fear.
XAVIERiS OFFICE - NIGHT MIRROR SHOT OF XAVIERiS EYES Suddenly, Xavier touches his throat, then raises a shaking hand to his head.
Suddenly, a familiar movement on the pedestal behind him.
His head comes back and the light blows the whole of the glass ceiling to smithereens, bringing it down on panicking shoppers who scatter.
A huge bolt of lightning shoot from her body into Sabretoothis chest, knocking him back in shock.
Storm falls to the ground, not breathing.
She is starting to panic now.
Xavier fights the rush of traffic - people fleeing madly from the mall.
He puts it to his ear -- shakes it.
Beast, sensing the danger, makes a run for the metal door.
His leg badly hurt, Beast tries to crawl toward the door.
ANGLE ON:  The black boots of a man, walk down a hallway, as students peer from their sleeping quarters, terrified.
The claws are out.
Their faces showing that they are afraid to go back to their rooms.
Then Xavier looks to the other students -- their frightened faces.
The sound of a well tuned machine suddenly going horribly wrong.
Warning bells wail.
Xavier lies asleep in a hospital bed.
They are each trying to hide their fear, and not doing a very good job of it.
Cyclops looks on, the stress shows on his face.
He is laid out of a gurney.
Pull back as if the camera is pulling back through his eye, into his head -- A MICROSCOPEiS VIEW OF HIS CELLS, suddenly and violently disturbed.
Blobis face, burned by Kellyis hands.
Over the cliff.
As the X-Jet sinks, the hatches close off and the wings retract to transform the plane into a submarine.
He wakes.
Suddenly, behind Storm the sound of ELEVATOR DOORS OPENING.
Storm spins and unleashes a BOLT OF LIGHTNING.
Suddenly, SLIME drips onto her cheek.
Suddenly, the EXTINGUISHERS COLLIDE EXPLODING in front of Pyro.
Loganis blood.
She is suffocating.
Which is horrible.
Suddenly the wind picks up violently.
Suddenly, the metal railing on which her hands rest BEGIN TO BEND TOWARD HER.
She starts to calm down, her chest still hitching involuntarily for air.
Her face turns to horror.
As if to accentuate the threat, a piece of metal pokes ever so slightly into the side of Stormis throat.
He stops suddenly.
SUDDENLY:  SHOOK -- Loganis claws shoot up through the floor, and through Magnetois feet.
Forcing his fists to press against his chest.
Storm and Jean watch the torch in horror.
A wave of panic sweeps the crowd.
SUDDENLY, from below -- A MASSIVE CLAWED HAND strikes Loganis chest.
Suddenly, Sabretooth, running at full steam, tackles him.
Sabretooth backhands Storm across the jaw, knocking her out.
It flies across the room, right past Sabretoothis head.
Suddenly, Sabretooth BLASTS THROUGH THE EYE.
He walks over to Storm and Cyclops and SHOOK! cuts them loose.
Logan sits up in his bed, his chest bandaged.
And your belt.
Horrible.
FREDDIE closes his eyes, sleepy a minute.., then: You're a Russian spy.
Did you hear me?
You're a russian spy.
What are you escaping.
Who did you kill?
I'll Kill you.
You're hurting yourself.
Wakes him up.
Come and join us and leave your worries for a while, they'll still be there when you get back..he he he.
The pressure is banging my face.
(poss.
In the war?
Are you hear with me in 1952?
SNAP! SNAP! OF A GATOR - you'll remember the fear.
They've failed.
MORE...  .FREDDIE takes care of them both... ends up tying them up.. .scaring
Steal what?
The Darkest Cloud?
The things at the center... are still too dangerous.
This isn't the way... you heard me say to attack and you attacked?
My little Soldier.. .what
My little soldier?
The doctor puts a stethoscope to her chest.. What is the doctor wearing?
He listens to her chest and says, "She's gone."
This is FBI work, Russians maybe...  this... too much work for the Stop talking...  You're fear of capture and imprisonment is an implant from millions of years ago.
The impulse lodges and plants the push-pull instinct, dumped in scalding hot water, then freezing cold - a control mechanism - any legal action, a summons to court, the sight of a police officer, exposes a glandular reaction and anxiety wave of the highest order, the mere threat of arrest will make a psychotic breakdown.
And he has weaknesses.
He gets out in front of RANCH STYLE HOME separated a bit form the rest of the neighborhood ...  THE Freddie is shocked/nervous ... .
suddenly on guard.
FREDDIE crawls on his belly underneath the house - goes to the center of it and finds a HOLE.
He's outside.
ZOOM TOWARDS FREDDIE is starting to sweat and shake a bit.
Shaking, sweating...  FREDDIE looks out the window, down across the street and sees the LOCAL BANK.
CAR PULLS up... across the street. .
And it's more and more and it's all just cruel.
I miss you.
In the hospital.
FEAR ignites the community - but too late.
He streaks across the clearing, KNOCKS THE POACHER Alpha POUNDS his CHEST, letting out a BATTLE CRY -- trying to rally a counter-attack.
It's chaos.
WILL RODMAN - late twenties, lab coat over a T-shirt and jeans - stands at the glass, watching the terrified chimpanzee slide into the machine.
The image starts to shake.
Concerned, he looks to the other room - where he can see the CHIMP'S LEGS SHAKING IN THEIR She's convulsing.
No music...  (heavy Russian accent.)
I rather tell that what is to be feared than what I fear: for always...
Will moves down the aisle in a daze, the baby chimp - covered in a blanket - plastered to his chest.
Will enters, half asleep, turns on the light.
The opening door sends a wash of light into the dark room.
Todd tries to laugh it off, but the fear's plain on his face.
Threatened my kids!
Will watches, nervous.
Will watches.
He's in the street, afraid, disoriented - while Hunsiker rages, jabbing a threatening finger towards Walter's chest.
White with terror, Hunsiker - clutching his bleeding hand to his chest - takes off running down the sidewalk.
What he reads in Will's eyes gives him a sudden, sharp sense of dread.
The STRANGE ANIMAL VOICES FUEL CAESAR'S PANIC.
I was afraid they'd hurt you if they forced you - He'll be fine.
He GRUNTS with stress as he follows the bridge into...  .the
This is the source of the APE NOISE.
A terrifying display of power and dominance.
How the hell can I do that?
He wakes shivering with cold.
Caesar manages to break loose, crawling away.
How's your arm?
Misses.
Misses again.
He's still fast asleep.
From this vantage point, Buck looks enormous, his vast chest rising and falling with sleep.
Caesar - nervous - beckons toward the open door.
Dodge and his wheelbarrow approach the Gorilla House.
Middle of the night, only a few cars.
Dark, quiet.
WILL'S WAKENED by the NOISE.
REVEAL STEWART asleep next to Will.
Over his shoulder, on a monitor, WE SEE the dark forms of two chimpanzees run across the grounds.
Looks at Cornelia, still asleep.
The chimps are still asleep.
In the primate house.
Will - with growing dread - looks out the window at Caesar's swing.
RUSTLING NOISES in the kitchen.
She's trembling.
He's dangerous.
She SCREAMS.
(it's killing him.)
You need me riding with you.
suddenly the Little Girl's not so sure.
Chaos.
SCREAM.
She falters.
She's been poisoned.
Movement - WHOOSH - DODGE - nervous - crouches low.
Terrified but refusing to run, Dodge fires, reloads, fires again, his face red with the tension of what's to come.
A DARK FIGURE DROPS DOWN IN Will takes a step back, fear crawling up the back of his neck.
Hunsiker shakes hands with his CO-PILOT and sits.
As the ape search continues, a virulent flu strain has exploded in and around San Francisco, sending shock waves and panic throughout the community.
A bomb going off.
The   back of his leg still bleeds.
Inscrutable.
A bit frightening.
Creasy shakes it.
From the house to Pinta's school.
The back of the right one is swirled with scars.
She looks at his scared right hand, then him.
She looks at his scarred right hand on the wheel.
They drive on in silence.
Suddenly the barrel is at his forehead and the trigger has been pulled.
Creasy stands at the edge of the drive, the house dark behind him.
She's been watching him.
She winces.
Doing her history homework.
She shakes involuntarily.
Pinta knifes into the water.
Frightened at what she's feeling.
As they shake hands...
But she's rooted with fear.
Creasy fires two more rounds into COP TWO who's hit high in the chest and throat.
He falls to his knees.
And he's suddenly surrounded.
MONTAGE - of chaos and panic.
Cop two pokes a finger into Rayburn's chest.
Goading him.
Suddenly gunfire from where he came, along with shouting and yelling.
Samuel crouches and runs in the dark back to his car with Tazinari.
He's a cop.
Suddenly the Sig comes down hard.
He tries to master his fear.
A small Russian Taurus crests a hill and descends into Hell.
A frightening looking Barrio.
Frightened footsteps running on the other side of a plywood wall.
Hearing the above.
And Creasy is suddenly moving down...
Creasy on the cellphone, the small Russian Taurus in the background.
Cops.
The blood becomes darker, bigger.
Terrified and in tears runs down the hallway.
And he's dying.
A warning.
Rosanna in her apartment in the dark.
Suddenly the wall next to Creasy explodes in a hail of bullets.
The Man   flees into a labyrinth of packing-crate houses on car-tire   foundations out into street.
He stops.
Hang up.
Bubbles of blood form and reform over his chest wound as the maroon spreads across his chest and stomach.
As the car pulls out, time slows, and we see Creasy lay his head back and close his eyes as the car descends down into a dark tunnel.
Suddenly Police lights, on the roofs of four cars, flash simultaneously in front, in blocking position.
Beat.
Dark, suburban Cuernavaca street.
Gloomy, last light.
Big, mangy, muscular, scary.
The Dog approaches a doorway; stops to watch from the shadows.
The looming figure looks exactly like King Acrisius, including the distinctive scar.
Suddenly, the King stops.
On the wall above is the huge shadow of a four-legged creature -- and now it appears: The Dog stops at the top of the stairs and regards the men without fear -- its eyes blaze with a God's power.
IN THE WATER BELOW, the chest rights itself and rides out on the tide.
Who does the Fearless One fear?
Tell me what the Priests say! (terrified, halting.)
The Steward shrinks from this blasphemy, eyes darting in fear.
In awe and fear -- Thoth the Quick...  (sensing the boy's Messenger of the Gods.
Thoth sends a scary glance her way.
If any harm should come to her -- Amoun reacts, but it is too late -- Thoth has been Suddenly, the WALLS GROAN, compressing with an AWFUL SHUDDER.
Panicked, the shark is diving as fast as it can.
The trawler is approaching its home island, Seriphos.
If you consider superstition, fear and darkness good things...
If they could not earn our faith with love, they would demand it with fear.
Middle of the night.
Suddenly, a KNOCK at the door.
For what? Perseus doesn't notice the black widow spider scurry between her feet.
He feels the first spider and looks down.
The creatures climb his legs, biting.
I'm a stranger here.
It's too painful.
Startled, Andromeda suddenly realizes who he is.
In the half-light appears the huge, deformed changeling: (to the monster.)
I've gone on too long -- She stops with a look of sudden dread.
TIAMAT, QUEEN OF THE DEEP, floats forward, parting the terrified celebrants.
The people react in terror.
An immense school of fish is SUDDENLY SPOOKED.
Dark docks and shanties under the cliffs, populace asleep.
Suddenly, the water under his boat is sucked out to sea.
A deep RUMBLE shakes the ground.
Hewn by Tiamat from the dark blood of the earth...
I'm a newcomer here.
I'm afraid I've dragged you into real danger, Father, when I have little idea of what I'm doing.
Tiamat's storm is pounding Joppa.
LIGHTNING stabs through the dark clouds.
Who do your worshippers pray to?
Perseus, somber, washes the creature's guts from his arms and legs.
(There, within his frightening visage, is the distinctive crooked scar we noticed on the jaw of Acrisius in his human form.)
Peshet comes into the dark room and looks at the lump on Andromeda's bed.
Does Kepheus worry about you?
Peshet stops suddenly, peering ahead.
at the fringe of the crowd, Andromeda herself watches from the anonymity of a hooded cloak, terrified.
He looks back at Kosmo in horror.
Perseus shoots up, clutching his chest.
Vidalia gently lays him down.
A VIPER WRIGGLES from his throat and slithers away with the fat lump of infection in its stomach.
The poison is gone now.
Icos and Krikor, terrified, hit the deck.
The Strix react in horror and all land on the same monolith.
The soldiers shift, suddenly nervous.
Does a fairy tale frighten you, soldier?
My men fear only one thing -- to let fear in their hearts.
Despoiled and broken in the shadow of Tiamat's altar, she prayed for comfort and pleaded for courage...
Snake heads wriggle from her skull.
She looks up at his closed eyes, worried.
Suddenly, she rolls free and stands up, turning away from him.
When does it go away?
Suddenly, the two "statues," Nessus and Ixion, shake off their dusty skins and COME TO LIFE.
Draco speaks to Are you afraid?
Thad, enraged, races at Nessus, but the Centaur dodges the massive Praetorian and kicks him in the chest, killing him.
Suddenly, Vidalia's sling-bullets slice his flesh.
The men can't see it, but one wall suddenly frames a silhouette of MEDUSA: HAIR OF HISSING SNAKES atop a woman's torso, the body of a mammoth reptile.
Medusa regards her fallen minion in horror, loosing a Spyros HEARS HER and blindly hurls his harpoon toward the sound.
Perseus tries to control his shakes, jumping at every sound, head swiveling blindly.
Snakes.
But suddenly, Medusa's head THUDS and rolls on the ground.
Tiamat commands a massive horde.
But in his eyes are fear and doubt.
Riding behind them, Vidalia (paler and more ephemeral than ever.) is suddenly alert.
Following, Perseus pulls away greenery, revealing an opening in the tree's massive roots.
Fearless.
I was mad with fear.
Perseus doubles over, paralyzed by the God's touch.
You faced a God in lethal combat...  and vanquished him.
Peshet rushes to her but stops when Andromeda raises a knife of her own.
My lady, please -- I was afraid, Peshet.
Afraid to understand that the fate of so many could rest with me.
Before he can fall, Peshet leaps to him and pulls out her knife.
She spins, tiny within his massive arms, and is suddenly facing him.
She GASPS.
The people are frightened.
She's disappeared.
PELTING RAIN.
As the huge GONG IS STRUCK -- Then...  GONG! Fantasos continuing his incantations, then... GONG! Andromeda's face, her frightened eyes searching the ocean.
The Mongols speak to Perseus in their language, worried.
She watches...
The Onlookers watch in terrified awe as the swell races closer.
Spyros, Mongke and Tamburlane mount their nervous horses.
Andromeda, suddenly separated from the monster, sinks, weighted by her shackles.
Until -- -- the equine suddenly WHINNIES and REARS UP.
Does that absolve you suddenly of your responsibilities?
The Driver has just delivered the Dented Box to ALEKSEI, Russian Businessman, who closes the door of a Czarist-era building.
He hangs up.
This is an old, sore subject.
John glances back at Chuck, his face floating in a cloud of fear.
A life raft is tossed on dark, storm-driven seas.
We catch glimpses of the yellow lift raft in the dark as the storm continues.
We HEAR from the dark thickets a STRANGE NOISE.
We HEAR the noises again.
The shadow streaks across Chuck's anxious face.
It cuts him.
He smashes again.
His sunburn is bad -- his lips are cracked.
He passes a series of CAVES, their mouths dark and mysterious and scary.
Chuck crawls on his hands and knees across the rock bridge.
It's getting dark now.
He's breathing hard, from both fear and exertion.
Suddenly Chuck flops down into frame.
Suddenly a shadow flashes by, glinting in the morning sunlight.
For a moment he is overcome.
A scalpel.
They rustle and shake and blow over.
But the fire is out.
Chuck's shoulders begin to shake, as he is racked with deep sobs of despair.
He stomps on the driftwood and saws at it with his knife.
Chuck lies on the floor of the cave, shivering in the darkness as the rain falls.
It's hopeless.
Suddenly his foot slips!
The ocean is still dark, but a few waves catch the first light.
His legs are scarred.
He heads across the rock bridge that once had so terrified him, without losing stride.
Suddenly his shoe breaks!
Chuck wakes up, trembling, shaking, wet with sweat.
He collapses again.
The island is dark.
Then he presses it into his chest and makes a handprint.
Bone necklaces hang from his neck.
Stabs again.
He dabs at some sores that are ulcerating his body and won't let him get comfortable.
Suddenly, from the depths beside him, silently rises a huge shape.
Suddenly he has a fish on the end of the spear.
It struggles, he scoops it onto the raft, brutally pounds on its head, twists the stone knife into its spine.
Suddenly he sees other lights.
Suddenly lightning shoots from the sky and strikes the ocean!
Suddenly a wall of rain sweeps over him and the ocean begins to roll.
The raft floats on big dark rollers.
Suddenly the water is still.
The shark circles again, that big hammerhead like a nightmare.
Suddenly, BUMP.
Screams.
He holds Wilson close to his chest.
Suddenly one dives on a booby which has caught a fish.
The great frigate bird swoops all around the booby until, panicked, it drops the fish, which plummets toward the sea.
Lightning flashes back and forth across the horizon, which is turning black and dark.
Every few seconds lightning flashes, illuminating the raft and Chuck holding desperately to it, his eyes wild with fear.
Chuck sits there, shivering now.
Chuck is overcome for a moment, can't say a word.
Chuck shakes his head:  no.
Typical dentist waiting room.
Kelly grins, embarrassed, a little worried.
Chuck rides away from the small neat frame house, down a country lane with trailers up on blocks.
Chuck rides on a ferry, the wind blowing his face.
Scaffolds.
Dark haired, in a plain dress.
A light rain falls on an AMBULANCE sitting next to a POLICE Its dashing red lights CRUISER with its doors flung open.
She spins, frightened by the door that closed behind her.
Scared, RACHEL backs into where she finds WALTER huddling and cradles him in her arms.
Was the dog in the house last night?
We've been over this ground.
I heard dog noises last night.
She stares in horror at -- LISA sprawled on the dented hood of a parked car, her head a bloody mass nestled in the shattered windshield.
A.middle-aged, bearded WAILER with half his face bur -SS-arred approaches.
ERIC leans over to MARK, urgently whispers, and the two of them move to...  (nervous, jumpy.)
And she freaked and took a header.
Bitch.
You can be sorry for things that aren't your fault.
RACHEL's at the sink, washing the dog's blood from her arms.
Well, children of schizophrenics sometimes live with the fear of it happening to them.
At your age, it's perfectly normal to be afraid of turning out like your parents.
Now she's worried.
RACHEL turns a full circle, scared, surrounded by TAPPING and JIGGLING, which grow increasingly loud r.
What's your favorite scary movie?
A horror-movie-moment as RACHEL waits for 911 to pick-up.
I have an emergency.
SUE stares at it, her worse fears coming true.
And the SNAKE is gone.
sorry, that's private.
She seems very troubled and I'm worried about her.
You're worried?
Very worried I am.
The street's wet, but it's stopped raining.
She's on top, her hands on his chest.
suddenly sink into the flesh of JESSE's chest.
Dying.
A fire.
You should see the scars from her liposuction.
Too bad.
She's busted.
You're grounded.
Her face goes slack with horror.
Surviving PARTYGOERS panic as they struggle to their feet and try to flee, stampeding over each other.
More CDs embed in her stomach, chest and throat.
Stop it!
RACHEL shudders and suddenly just looks like a wet, scared little girl reaching for her mother.
She looks her daughter in the eyes, backs away in terror.
He raises his head and starts in fear as...  o the center of the room, facing him.
And the KNIFE and the CORKSCREW drop away, releasing him.
Suddenly -- JESSE HURTS up on the -- From miles away -- the LIGHT given off by the BURNING HOUSE rises over the treeline.
The beard largely hides some burn scars on one side of his face.
It's the wind.
clutching at the SNAKE as it slithers down his throat, and qmIS'3i$ into the desk and mirror, shattering it on the -- INT .
He recovers, runs his hands through his hair.
The wind.
Fear is written on his face.
Under his eyelids: vestiges of the day's lights and shadows, of the day's noise.
Stop it.
Oops, poor man, not those!
She'll kill you!
He died.
He shakes his head "no".
A beat.
A fight...  Are you okay?
The Fever?
What the hell were you doing there?
In one second, Stephanie sees Simon's face undergo a metamorphosis, his nervous authority suddenly disappear.
We can stop here.
All around her: the audience panics, a loudspeaker orders evacuation, Louise leans over her.
She faints.
You hear?
She was...  in shock.
She's scared to come here.
But this time I was so scared that I don't think I'll ever be scared again.
She panics.
She notices the scar that deforms his face and one side of his mouth.
I'll stop...
Fire them.
What do you do before you fire them?
A beat.
A beat.
Her stumps are white, with terrible scars at their extremities.
She starts to sink, then crawls forward, with power and grace.
Her breasts press against Ali's chest.
Each of their blows lands right on target.
We hear the noise of his hands skidding on metal.
What the hell?
A beat.
She sees the shadow, and only the shadow, of his opponent's fist barely miss Ali's face.
He looks at her, suddenly surprised.
I won a fight.
A fight?
Is it a problem?
She stops.
(a little nervous.)
If I'm oper, we'll do it.
What's "oper"?
Operational...
If you're "oper" we...  Yeah.
You scared me.
Poor thing!
It's a pain.
Ali suddenly breaks out laughing.
People are sweating and trying to get into the Fever.
She looks frightened, but then smiles when she sees what he's up to.
Behind the smokers, we hear noise from the club.
She doesn't push him away immediately, like a frightened virgin, she takes the time to put a good face on it.
A beat.
A beat.
It's disgusting.
She looks at his face, the scar on his forehead, the scar over his nose.
I'm unemployed.
A sudden noise draws their attention: Sam is watching from the top of the stairs.
Tell her I can't help out for the time being but that as soon as I have a little money...  Don't worry.
When's your fight?
They're disgusting.
Is he injured?
They're broken.
A beat.
I was scared to lose him.
His eyes are darting under his eyelids: vestiges of light and shadow, of noise.
Everyone's nervous, in awe, rigid at attention.
Fires.
Gocidspeed runs a POISON SENSOR past each.
Goodspeed's POISON SENSOR'S NEEDLE goes crazy...  !
Cuts open the doll's chest.
GOODSPEED peels back the doll's plastic chest, revealing: a C-4 EXPLOSIVE DEVICE and TEN POISON AMPULES.
Isherwood, terrified, jerks open an OVERHEAD CABINET, revealing several 6 inch needled SYRINGES.
Isherwood moves the syringe closer to his chest.
The tourists are now panicked, confused, and making a commotion.
Suddenly a .45 is fired.
He is stunned by her.
And the entire park.is suddenly surrounded by GOODSPEED approaches.
The Sea Stallion's running lights suddenly BLINK OFF.
But suddenly, shockingly..... FLOODLIGHTS flash on.
The S.E.A.L.s, terrified, hesitate but do not drop their weapons They stand back-to-back, weapons trained at the catwalk.
BEHIND THE COLUMN - S.E.A.L. BOYER, just 20, having never seen combat, is trembling with fear, indecision.
IN THE DRAINAGE HOLE - Goodspeed, Mason, and Lt.  Shepherd listen (and watch, when the view allows.) in utter horror to the firefight above.
SHEPHERD falls to his knees and pitches over, falling face first into -- THE DRAINAGE HOLE, where SHEPHERD'S lifeless eyes come face-to-face with Goodspeed, who nearly passes out, then looks away in horror.
Suddenly the-firing stops.
Unsheathes the saw-toothed knife.
He's gurgling blood.
Suddenly, SGT.
They glare at each other.
Suddenly stops.
Stop.
THE SAW-TOOTHED KNIFE flies the length of the room and buries in Starling's neck.
hands the poison pearl strand to Mason.
Suddenly there's a BEEP.
Gamble's WALKIE TALKIE is talking to them: MASON and GOODSPEED exchange a nervous look.
To his horror he sees CARTS 1 and 2 slowing down ...  realizes that his cart is going to ram Mason's outstretched head.
Hendrix plunges the knife down, missing Mason, him momentum carrying his head and shoulders over the front lip of the cart.
He's going to cut his throat.
Royce lowers the knife.
He winces.
Suddenly, from the loudspeaker above them: MASON  and  GOODSPEED freeze.
Nervous.
Quivering.
Suddenly a voice: Pvt.
Suddenly PVT.
Suddenly GUNSHOTS.
It's shot.
Suddenly Goodspeed's cell door opens.
POISON onto the bay.
POISON fall upon them.
but Baxter fires first, hitting Hummel squarely in the chest.
His blood runs across the tiled floor.
Suddenly an AXE BLADE comes through the door.
GOODSPEED, bleeding, terrified, cowers, awaiting death.
Suddenly PVT.
Dizzy, he falls to his knees.
A beat, then -- He PLUNGES the long needle into his chest.
CARLA watches the approach of the F-16s on Alcatraz in horror.
He's bleeding and bruised, but still crazed and ready to fight.
Their features unremarkable and blandly threatening in the way of FBI agents and auditors.
CLOSE ON his eyes -- they OPEN suddenly, and he takes a sharp breath.
They are heavily armored, and armed with a huge rotary cannon called a GAU-90.
It is an armed camp in a state of siege.
The scalp is etched by long parallel SCARS where some Pandoran denizen's claws raked across it.
Criss-crossed by scars.
Without his mask, we see that Quaritch's features are rugged and handsome, except for the SCAR, which runs from scalp to jaw down one side of his face.
In the next chair Grace sits up, yawning and cracking her neck as the scared tech runs to her with a lit cigarette.
JAKE, unaware of the advancing thanator, is still bracing the hammerhead -- The bull wheels around, TRUMPETING in fear, and CRASHES away through splintering undergrowth.
The ground shakes.
He hacks manically at the end of a cut sapling with his knife, forming a crude but sharp tip.
He is freaked and hyper-alert.
It glows faintly in the dark shadows.
Darkness.
JAKE RUNS by torch-light, on the edge of panic.
It goes through him like a lightning bolt and the fear is gone.
Left in semi-darkness, Jake draws his KNIFE as-- A WOLF LUNGES, sinking its teeth into his arm.
Her knife FLASHES down, buried to the hilt in its chest.
She pulls her KNIFE from its chest.
She silences him with the tip of her bow at his throat.
They run across the elevated root of an enormous tree -- a horizontal trunk big as an oak.
Jake looks down, suddenly aware of the height.
Jake holds still, knowing he should be afraid -- but somehow he's not.
With a flourish she strikes his chest.
He stalks off.
The BANSHEE shivers with anticipation.
She CLIMBS and LEAPS with the ease of a spider monkey.
Pale.
Only now her hands are GENTLE as they move on his arms, his shoulders.
NIGHT -- they enter a CLEARING filled with chest-high ferns.
They approach a creature on one of the ferns.
The two teenage Hunters are scared but trying to act tough.
They eye him as he approaches.
A HUGE SHADOW covers him and Neytiri SHOUTS a warning.
Striped scarlet, yellow and black, with a midnight blue crested head -- it is both gorgeous and terrifying.
ON JAKE, shaken.
JAKE, surrounded by young hunters, acts out the leonopteryx attack with his hands.
DARK as a coffin.
Neytiri's face is flooded with relief.
Eytukan places both hands on Jake's chest and holds them there.
JAKE rocks with the direct contact between his nervous system and hers.
She is collapsed across his chest.
She lays her head down, against his chest, listening to his heartbeat.
He lays his head down, and her arms enfold him, sheltering him as he sleeps.
In his coffin.
Jake and Neytiri asleep in each others' arms.
SHE WATCHES in growing horror as the BLADE of a bulldozer becomes a dark wall behind the sheltering ring of willows.
SMASH!
Terrified animals flee before the onslaught.
Tsu'tey draws his knife and -- LUNGES AT JAKE, who's ready this time -- he sidesteps, blocking the knife, and elbows Tsu'tey HARD in the face.
He starts forward on a second attack but -- Eytukan grabs his arm and spins him around.
He puts his knife to Jake's throat but -- NEYTIRI BLIND-SIDES him at full tilt.
He steels himself, and speaks in clear Na'vi -- A murmur of fear and anger goes through the crowd.
TSU'TEY and another HUNTER hold knives to the throats of the two avatars, glaring defiantly at the gunships.
The massive PILLARS fragment into matchsticks, and -- The Omaticaya watch in horror as -- HOMETREE GROANS and starts to MOVE.
The animals have fled.
The trees burned and fallen.
A SCREECH.
A SHADOW CROSSES HER FACE.
He turns to Tsu'tey, who stares at him with fear and incomprehension.
The grotto is dark except for the spectral GLOW of the willows.
Fear transforming to hatred in their eyes.
Selfridge is paralyzed.
He's gaunt, eyes deeply shadowed, hands shaking.
A dark primeval energy.
He sees TRUDY approaching and breaks off.
HUNTERS LOOK UP as a dark shape hovers overhead.
Norm painfully tries to load another magazine, panting in fear and pain as -- AN AMPSUIT stomps up.
He sits, huddled, shivering -- crazed.
Trembling, she approaches the waiting demon.
Panicked yelling fills the comm freq.
ARROWHEADS sprout from the pilots' necks and chests.
Only death.
In shock.
CLOSE ON one hydraulic hand, as it draws the `suit's KNIFE and -- QUARITCH TWISTS violently, ramming the knife up under the thanator's chest armor.
She glares back at him, panting, scared but defiant.
THE AMPSUIT charges, the knife flashing down and -- JAKE just manages to catch it in both hands, but the force of the attack drives him to his knees as -- QUARITCH pushes the knife down inexorably, until Jake is pinned against a rock, the blade now inches from his throat.
HIS SHADOW falls across Tsu'tey.
Then the Doctor shines a penlight into his eyes, shrugs, and starts putting his gear away.
A bee buzzes near one.
And Jackson looked down t him and said 'I'm afraid it is, kid.' Then what happened?
How bad is it?
And misses.
His face reddens, he clears his throat, and tries again.
Are you a ghost?
Ray and Annie are instantly embarrassed, and try to cover with forced, nervous laughter.
Aw, stick it in your ear, Felsch.
I died in '75.
What pain?
The weirdo.
We gotta go.
What, are there rules?
thing is so weird.
Did you hear it too?
I gotta go.
He died in 1972.
He is wearing a dark overcoat...  .and he carries an umbrella.
I was warned about you.
The phone rings, and the speed with which she picks it up suggests that her anxiety to get this phone call prevented her from sleeping very deeply.
Mann and Jackson shake hands.
The Giants.
Ray looks at the paper with dread.
The players breathe a great sigh of relief.
Mark is horror-stricken, but no one knows what to do.
Oh my God, I'm sorry... Annie...I didn't mean to...  Karin is unconscious, and seems to be fighting for breath.
Blood starts to trickle from her nose, across her cheek and down her neck.
What interview?
What're you grinning at, you ghost?
I'm afraid it is, kid.
CRASH!
At the other end of the aisle stands Sid 6.7, who presses his gun against the head of a frightened BUSBOY.
The Sous Chefs gasp in horror as the Busboy drops through Sid 6.7's grasp to the floor.
Dead.
Blood is now visible flowing from a bullet hole in Sid 6.7's shoulder, which was caused by the same bullet.
Each needle is directly connected to the participant's nervous system.
A scar across his cheek.
Frightening.
Two armed GUARDS open the back doors for Parker, then stand poised with weapons out and ready.
His face covered with red scar tissue from burns suffered long ago.
He is so aroused, he's shaking.
He studies the snake closely.
The snake stops moving.
It "dies."
The tubing is a synthetic human nervous system.
Fearfully.
Wickedly.
A surgical knife by the aquarium catches Sid 6.7's attention.
Picking up the knife, he runs his finger across the razor sharp knife blade.
The scar tissue is slightly off color.
Death.
Death.
Death.
Caskets.
Tears.
Hopelessness.
He looks very much like he did in virtual reality, except for the scar on his cheek, and his empty holster.
But it's enough to scare the shit out of Cop #3, who walks away.
The noise persists.
Wondering who this strange man is, and why he's sitting in a police car outside her house.
All are frozen in their seats with fear.
He delights in the patrons' fear, and revels in his power over them.
She SCREAMS in terror.
CRACK!
Speeding through the already frightened motorists.
Madison's eyes are a mixture of fear and excitement.
Madison's anxiety tanks are hitting capacity.
The Traffic Cop gets a hole through his chest.
CRACK!
CUSTOMERS waiting in line with their shopping carts watch the news with varying degrees of horror, disgust, curiosity, and fear.
And intrigued.
A reporter stands amid the chaos outside the bar where Sid 6.7 had terrified the patrons.
react with horror.
Leaving a scar.
Which scares the already-terrified fans trying to get away from Dodger Stadium.
fires again.
Madison backs away in fear.
A Guard relieves him of his weapon.
Bleeding.
Wallace and the technician immediately panic.
He shoots the Foreman in the chest.
Lindenmeyer looks concerned.
The needle she had been holding falls from her grasp, breaking the circuit.
The synthetic nervous system begins to crackle with life.
Lights in the building suddenly come on.
The speed is terrifying.
WE HEAR the rally Security is on extreme alert.
Breathing sighs of relief.
Madison's reaction is one of panic.
A frozen moment, more violence just a breath away, and a sense of things about to spin out of control...  Our Hero's eyes are popping; he tries to hide his fear: Take it easy, M...man.
(stunned, a little scared.)
She stops.
Presses OFF.
A warning: stop it and stop it now.
It's my rules.
It's your rules.
It's scary that Mitch will have this conversation in front of Gracie, who's playing at their feet: It made me nervous when I couldn't reach you.
Beat.
Gracie's fast asleep.
She's silent, terrified.
Beat.
She hears the COOING DOVE NOISE come again from outside.
Deadly silence.
They climb through the hole into the house - Silence.
Mitch moves and they stare in horror.
Shoot him?
You hear that?
(off their horrified looks.)
Oh... jeez...that's a scary thought.
The Second FBI Man returns from the garage, starts to search... We're scared with every cupboard he opens that he'll find them.
You hear me?
Suddenly he's got a knife in his hand.
knife to Joe's throat: Yeah?
his knife along the wall, making a vicious scary mark.
And they vanish.
ground.
A fire?
What about the police?
The fire.
They're strangers.
Her slight recklessness adds an undercurrent of anxiety to the scene.
Nothing bad happens, but again her recklessness makes us nervous - It's not 55 - Just to reach some phone booth?! Hey can I call Daddy this time?! Please??? Please please please...  "Erin" shakes her head.
We had rules, okay?
SHOCK.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
And they stop.
The normalness of it makes us exceedingly nervous.
As she pees, she stares at the shower curtain-it rustles slightly in the wind from the window.
Whispering to her, his hands moving to her neck...  Cops need a body.
He pushes them off again, again, "Queen E." covering her eyes, "Erin" coming back onto the road, fighting to keep control, and the road narrowing more and more, down to one tight lane.
That was dangerous.
Beat.
I can hear it.
As she approaches, one of the phones starts to ring.
After he misses, what do you do?
She moves quickly to an attacking position, standing over him.
But hear me.
You're too slow.
You were always worried about how long we talked - I was out in the country, Mrs. T. I'm in a big city now, meeting with my lawyer, so there're lots of cell phones.
I was a cop.
Short dark hair.
She looks both ways: The street's dark.
His words echo his threats when he was trying to strangle her in her hallway.
Removes all the knives from the kitchen...  hides them... Walks the apartment-familiarizing herself with every inch of it-occasionally she moves a piece of furniture slightly...  we realize: she's assessing fighting spaces.
He stops.
Scared?
Watches his eyes and his chest.
He blinks, worried for an instant.
So far you're attacking me.
Only he's angry now, and it's scary.
You attacked me, I fought back.
This is the most terrifying form of combat: a huge person attacking a tiny one.
At every instant, we fear for her bones and her life.
He stops.
Horror, relief.
She presses redial, waits...  (in a panic.)
The car door opens and two yellow galoshes step out into the wet night.
They SUDDENLY POP OPEN.
She doesn't understand, lifts up her hospital gown and sees a JAGGED SCAR which runs down her abdomen.
WE GO TO SLOW MOTION    as he freaks, Then PAN DOWN HIM...  Past shirts - pants - to    his Reeboks...Once on the floor WE SEE The BRIDE, curled up    low next to the doorway, behind his ankles, knife ready.
She wheels out of the elevator fast into the parking lot.
Seemingly out of danger - at least    out of sight - but she's still stuck hiding in the hospital.
It ends with the reappearance of the six-heades snake logo, and the six, black silhouettes.
She fires.
THEN SUDDENLY - HE THROWS THE BASEBALL HARD, right at The Bride's head....
The restaurant's STAFF and PATRONS sit or stand rigidly in fear.
The six Crazy 88 Attack...
With his neck still in the vise-like grip of her ankles, She removes The SOG Knife from its sheath and Plunges it Deep Into The Boy's Chest.
When she's through she brings the blade across the man she's perched on's throat.
The Bride, slowly points the tip of her blade to the floor, lowers herself to one knee and slightly bows her head.
The room goes dark.
It Strikes the Bride in the chest, knocking her    on her back...  ...Go Go twirls it over her head and sends it towards the Bride on the floor.
Go Go jumps on top of the Bride, attacking her with a samurai short sword.
She SCREAMS!
The Bride, runs across lawns and hides behind parked cars on the street, as the bullets rip up homes, lawns, and automobiles.
Everybody in the kitchen is blown back.
I'm dying.
A SUBTITLE APPEARS under this image; A fist knocks on the trailer door.
She follows him, hanging way back in the    dark.
She begins crawling towards the trailer again.
She stops.
The Bride is starting to perspire... her breathing becoming more rapid and panicked...her heartbeat begins to echo inside the pine box.
The Bride continues in VO; Fear comes into her voice as she combats herself.
All that remains, is a very old man, who once upon a time, some worshipped as a god and some feared as a devil... neither was wrong.
He STRIKES her with a blow to her chest, delivered with an open palm, that sends her flying back hard against the wall.
Again she ATTACKS... again he eludes.
Pai Mei splashing by himself in his huge bathtub, when he hears a noise.
A SHOT straight out of an Italian horror film.
The    serpent's extraordinarily potent venom makes a full-frontal    assault on the cowboys's nervous system.
The snake's head touches it, and is immediately SEPARATED from its body.
The TWO WOMEN - Swords in attack position - stare across to the other one, as they prepare for their next attack...  Now they begin to circle again.
CU of The BRIDE In one moment, Bill has managed to suddenly change the game.
Her hand moves under her shirt, fingertips rest on scar.
That you were sick, that you were asleep, but one day you'd wake up and come back to her.
He FIRES.
He hangs up.
I'm afraid I was.
I killed him.
How did he die?"
He was dead.
Worse.
The Bride spooning B.B. from behind, both of them are asleep.
She smiles with terror at the class of 10 year old KIDS.
You ruined it.
She pulls one of the crosswords out of the garbage can, holds it up, turns it upside down, forces a nervous smile.
Mary's on the verge of panic.
Hell.
Somebody's got to write about all the horrors that go on in this world.
And after people read about those horrors, somebody else has to bring them back from the brink of suicide.
She leans in close to the front row, scares herself more than anybody.
Where the hell is he?
Pandemic.
Her knee starts to bleed.
She waves to them out the window, trying to hide her worry but failing miserably.
Steve unlocks the driver's side door of his SUV while Mary waits at her door, nervous but smiling.
Vibrate.
He stops her.
She looks at him -- worry all over his face.
Hang on.
She suddenly stops writing.
Mary waves to her worried parents through the closed door.
Omaha...  Einstein... cholera...  grenade... Bach...  oui... potbelly...  Oreo.
Loved the pigeons, scared to death of pooches though.
It's weak.
If you're going to do a crossword, you should do it fearlessly, with abandon, and with a pen.
Mary crosses to the Medieval Times parking lot, steps over the police line blowing in the wind.
A SECURITY GUARD approaches her.
Sure he'll go for a few skanks here and there but it's all just a sad attempt to hide his fear.
All he wants is to love but he's afraid of opening up, afraid of putting himself out there, afraid of somebody like you, Mary - yes you - afraid of you breaking his heart.
Promise you'll stick around long enough to help him get over that fear.
Your eyes are striking.
Mary looks at Steve, worried.
Slept on it in the car.
Everything I said about Steve, about his feelings for you, his hopes, his dreams, his fears, his unexplainable odor, forget about it.
Fight!
Verdict's in.
They cut.
Who the hell was that?
Mary's eyes soften and she's suddenly calm.
Suddenly, Mary spots Hartman, Steve and Angus rush past.
As she watches the truck drive away, her panic suddenly turns to resolve.
The car hits a flooded patch of the road.
A nervous Howard speaks up.
Howard stares out the window, the first look of real fear on his face.
Steve...  Oh Steve... Steve awakens in panic.
Steve looks at the person in front of him -- it's a scared year old MEXICAN BOY.
The storm subsided, nothing but a light rain.
What the hell are you doing?
Steve shakes his head, not impressed.
Suddenly Mary's face lights up with her mini keychain flashlight.
Howard looks toward the rescue site, worried.
Suddenly in the light - a face.
You scared the crap out of me.
He looks up at the old crane, worried.
WAGA Cindy interviews a sweet but NERVOUS OLD LADY.
The Rescue Supervisor watches, anxious and helpless.
She suddenly gets it, brightens up.
She picks up the flashlight, moves toward the noise.
SIRENS.
The command crew fights futility for control, everyone shouting and terrified.
The abyss.
BLACKNESS.
The pressure in the chamber rises.
It give way suddenly, flying open.
Still.
He starts to get nervous.
Suddenly his own lights begin to DIM, flickering lower and lower.
Shakes the transceiver on his belt.
Panic time.
Jammer blinks against the glare, his face registering total, outright astonishment melting into terror.
The shifting shadow falls across Jammer.
He struggles, totally out of control...  the big man reduced to a blind panic.
A seizure.
He is vibrating with tension...  his fists clenched to prevent the shaking.
One Night deploys the big hydraulic arm.
It unfold from Flay bed like a huge steel spider leg, its claw-like 'gripper' opening.
He half-crawls to the ladder going up to the winch-house.
Through the pressure window he watches helplessly as they drown.
Suddenly the bulkhead next to him gives way and a freezing torrent thunders in.
Lindsey goes bananas, trying to get Schoenick's big hands off her arms.
Suddenly there's a crowd outside the door as Catfish, Hippy, One Night, and Sonny come running up.
Watching them in the dark.
He's asleep, chin on his chest.
Suddenly, the water itself rises, forming itself into a shifting, shimmering pseudopod as big around as a man's body.
The bulbous tip forms suddenly into a human face...  her face.
Her liquid face suddenly transforms into a likeness of Bud's.
The door opens in the dark room.
Because he's a fearless man who's discovering what it is to be afraid.
The cold hits him list a fist, becoming instantly paralyzing.
Hefts it.
They barely scar the front port.
His eyes are the cool ice of lethal madness in a face streaked with blood.
Suddenly, a scythe-like curtain of seawater, under tons of pressure, slashes into him.
It's past his knees.
A nervous edge in her voice now.
Lindsey's gut-scared...  shaking violently, her eyes wide.
They lock together in a fierce kiss, fueled by passion and terror...  the naked realization of love hanging over the abyss of death.
She give a scared little laugh.
She is half-paralyzed with the cold, shaking pathetically.
The fear.
Suddenly, there's nothing in there to breathe but liquid.
His eyes go wide, instant panic.
Chest heaving.
The tons of pressure per square inch are short-circuiting his nervous system.
Suddenly K-BAM!
BLACKNESS.
Blackness.
Lindsey tried unsuccessfully to keep the terror our of here voice.
Breaks and shakes.
It's hopeless.
Suddenly the darkness explodes with light.
An assistant runs up, face shiny with fear, beckoning.
We see that Berg is running scared.
They leave the announcer standing transfixed, his face blank, eyes tracking upward and upward as the ground begins to shake.
The image shakes with the THUNDER.
A diehard surfer looks over his shoulder as the mountain of water which transcends his worst nightmare.
He lies paralyzed on his board.
Downtown Miami crouches in terror at the feet of the shimmering monolith.
And stops.
Moving from face to face.
A man is on his knees, shaking.
The two of them sit on the edge of the bathtub, soaking their sore feet.
She headsout, leaving John staring terrified at the plant.
I'm starting to worry that we're already at Step Six.
Uh, how are you gonna-- John turns away, and then suddenly turns back with a loud step and a "BOO"!
A beat.
Yeah... (snapping his fingers at the dog, shaking his head "no".)
Blindfolded.
Does thunder scare you, Mister?
I'll watch.
He's making me nervous.
Hysterical.
You're serious about this?
The bomb.
Phone call.
He hangs up.
No, not in this house.
Ow! Suddenly, A GROWL.
He'll kill me.
Panicking, John is struggling to get the car seat he forgot out of the box.
Destroy it!
I'll get the keys...  John's coming into the house when a police cruiser pulls to the curb in front of the house.
I thought she was gonna kill me in my sleep.
John and Jenny are in bed asleep.
I'm just in shock.
The four Grogans sit facing each other across, their drinks suddenly in their laps.
Marley is pulling the table, like a dog with a sled, towards the now-terrified small dogs.
John and Billy shake hands.
Suddenly, he stands up and starts to wag his tail.
him with concern...  he start out of the room.
We TRACK WITH JOHN as he storms out of the exam room, walks down the hall, goes through waiting room, then he PASSES US as he goes out into the dark parking lot, walks to his car and stops.
There's blood in his stomach.
FROM ABOVE, the dog on the table, the doctor discreetly going to the side, and John laying his head next to Marley and putting his arms around him as we now...
Drop it in.
So pale, so luminescent, so He suddenly stops.
Tonight's journey into horror is "Blood Castle," one of my favorites.
The horror movie is on again, Peter Vincent and Jonathan now carrying a coffin across a fog swept cemetery.
I'm just scared, that's all.
Charley stops by the kitchen sink, staring out at the Dandrige house.
You? He's hard at work at his desk, really into his Algebra, when over his shoulder a light comes on behind the drawn shade of the bedroom window of the house next door.
Suddenly a WOMAN'S SCREAM, high-=pitched and terrified, shatters the night.
' Charley just stares at it, trying to repress a shiver, all thoughts of studying Algebra suddenly gone.
A voice suddenly comes from behind him.
Charley holds his binoculars in his hand, staring at the dark window of the house next door, waiting.
Suddenly, Jerry Dandrige stops, the fangs poised an inch above the girl's throat.
- With an involuntary gasp of terror, Charley steps back into the deeper darkness of his room, his hand instinctively reaching up to-protect his own throat.
He has fangs.
Suddenly the back door to the Dandrige house opens again and Billy comes out carrying a large bundle in a plastic trash bag over his shoulder.
Suddenly there is a terrific WHOOSH'through the air over Charley's head, the moonlight momentarily blotted out, the BEATING OF LARGE WINGS above causing the bushes around him to bend and sway.
Terrified, Charley suddenly leaps to his feet and races back into his own yard, disappearing through the back door with his mother.
I didn't have a nightmare.
T worried sick.
Evil's room is a veritable museum of horror, movie posters of Frankenstein and the Wolfman dotting the wall, the shelves full of monsters', models, the floor littered with horror comics.
'I'm afraid so.
He rises, the smile widening as he sees the terror in Charley's eyes.
Well, shake hands, Charley.
Afraid I'd never come over without being invited first?
His voice changes, suddenly charged with double meaning, his eyes burning into Charley.
He suddenly hits an end table, knocking it with a crash to the floor.
(his voice suddenly dripping with double See you soon.
Suddenly the shadowy outline of.what
Then he hears it, a NOISE from the floor below.
Then I'd have to kill her, too.
, But what about your nightmare?
Suddenly he bears Jerry's sibilant whisper.
Jerry stands at his window, staring back at the horror struck visage of the boy it the.
He'll be coming back for me tonight and if I don't get help, he's going to kill me -- Peter shoves him aside,ahopping into his car, quickly lock- ing the door behind him, obviously terrified of Charley.
(exchanging.: worried glances with Evil.
After he attacked me last night he went out and had his dinner.
going to be dangerous doing into that house alone, isn't it?
Charley, it'll be dark soon.
He stops by the.
I'm afraid now isn't the best time -- Please.
I'm afraid this is much more.
Suddenly a STEP CREAKS at the top of the staircase where the shadows are the heaviest.
(a warning growl.)
Charley suddenly whips the cross out of his packet and holds it up.
You know, in such things as horror movies and the occult.
Peter hurriedly scoops up the case, trying to hide his shaking hands and keep the tremor out of his voice.
Then why are your hands shaking?
(his hands shaking worse than ever.)
Charley looks at Amy. Jesus, I warned him -- Evil Ed's eyes suddenly snap open, staring up wildly at Charley.
Kill me before I turn into a vampire and -- He suddenly heaves himself.at
Charley, his mouth opening, going for his throat as Charley jerks back, terrified.
The fear starts to work at him, twisting up his gut and making his forehead sheen with sweat.
bl Rev. 10/9/84 62. Evil Ed runs like he's never run before,apounding through the dark, smashing into traffic cans and falling to the ground, leaping to-his feet, ignoring his skinned hands and bruised knees, running for his life and knowing it.
No, no -- The FOOTSTEPS SUDDENLY STOP.
A voice suddenly whispers in his ear, no more than an inch away.
Almost insane with fear now, slobbering like a wounded animal, he backs away from the shadowy figure, hitting the corner and sliding to the cold pavement, almost curled up in a fetal ball, tears streaming from his eyes.
About ten minutes -- A DEATH RATTLE, long and-high-pitched, suddenly comes to them, ECHOING through the city streets, down alleyways and across apartment buildings, faint yet filled with so much terror it stops them in their tracks and leaves them staring fearfully about at the shadows.
Her voice bounces off the walls down the street and then dies, leaving them staring at the darkness and the shadows, fearful.
Oh, come on, Charley, don't let him suck you in again -- All the street lights suddenly go out, plunging them into almost total blackness.
They suddenly turn the corner only to find they are facing Jerry Dandrige, standing on the sidewalk directly in front of them, amused by the frozen expressions of horror on their faces.
(waving his butcher knife at them.)
The police.
He slowly rises from his chair, the cross clenched in his hand, staring at it, terrified.
There's a vampire out here.
His skin is more sallow, huge dark circles under his eyes, his lips bloodless, his collar pulled up tightly around his neck.
Peter's eyes widen in horror; Evil Ed's smile only grows wider.
He advances on Peter, looming over him, Peter staring up at the boy in growing terror.
Evil.
He slowly looks up as Peter watches, frozen in horror.
wall, gasping for breath, on hand on his heart, feeling it about to leap out of his chest with the horror of it all.
(sinking back against the wall in defeat.)
I'm scared, Charley.
I'm real scared.
Peter sits in the dark, clutching a cross, trying not to shake as he watches the-RINGING PHONE, too terrified to an- swer.
Terrified, she turns back toward Charley.
in the line.
He hangs up the phone, flattening himself back against the wall, terrified.
Suddenly he's grabbed by a strong, pair of arms.
Charley suddenly sees Jerry and Amy breaking through the throng, heading for the entrance.
The bouncer, terrified, screams for his'companion.
Pandemonium erupts throughout the club, people screaming and rushing for the exit, the fear contagious, all of them streaming toward the bottleneck of a hallway leading to the front door, turning it into a battleground of panicked, terrified people, clawing and screaming to get out of the club.
Be looks up, terrified.
And I'm terrified, I'm sorry, but I am.
Am I? And she's gone, his eyes drawing her in and swallowing her up, drowning her in their faint red glow.
Charley walks through the darkness, with cross and stake held in his hands, slowly approaching the Dandrige house through a side yard across the street.
The shadows loom up over him, the wind causing the TREE BRANCHES to RUSTLE, Charley growing more and more nervous with every passing second.
-Charley steps out of the darkness of the trees across the street from the Dandrige house, stopping to stare at it.
The huge, silent, dark.house
Through the trees-he moves, into the shadows and darkness, across the street, closer and closer,to that hulking,, evil house.
He joins Charley, the two of them slowly walking toward the house again, Peter becoming more and more nervous the closer they get.
He'll be in his coffin then.
He starts down the stairs again, Peter backing away, terrified, his nerve completely gone now.
Operator?
His eyes widen in horror, his gaze snapping back up the stairs.
Peter staggers back, staring at him in horror.
into the darkness.
Peter hurries down the stairs, stopping above him and staring down, watching in fascinated horror as humanity leaks back into his eyes, his face transforming into that of a normal teenage boy as he dies.
Suddenly there is the SOUND OF APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS on the balcony above.
Suddenly Billy Cole appears through the thick cloud, back- ing them up the stairs.
As the two watch in horror, Cole's face slowly begins to dissolve, skin putrefying and slipping away, revealing the grinning skull beneath, the process of dissolution acceler- ating as the seconds tick past.
Peter scrambles to his feet, he'and Charley backing hurriedly up the stairs, terrified by what they've seen.
She's worse.
Suddenly they hear FOOTSTEPS on the floor above.
They rush to the attic door, the two men disappearing up the dark stairs.
Well, he was here -- The beam moves on, only to suddenly stop on a large chest shoved in a corner.
There, his-coffin.
Both of them approach, staring down at the long chest.
Unaware of the danger., Charley reaches the chimney and stealthily be- gins to circle it, sensing danger, the cross and stake in hand.
Where the hell is he?
He screams out.
Peter whirls, holding up his cross and as quickly as he appeared from the night, Jerry slips back into it, leaving Peter staring at the window, terrified at the close call as Charley reaches his' side.
He calls out, panic struck.
Behind Peter there is suddenly a POUNDING at the attic door.
approaching; her face deathly white, her lips blood red, her eyes almost glowing in the dark.
She reads the fear on his face and smiles sadly, reaching out a hand to him.
He suddenly breaks her spell, coming to his senses and whip ping out his cross, thrusting it.
stalk him.
With superhuman deliberation, Dandrige pulls the stake from his chest and hurls it away.
Right, Charley? (back into his host Tonight the threat comes not from beyond the grave, but from beyond the stars as alien beings stalk an unwary summer camp in "MARS WANTS FLESH."
I got a little nervous.
NORMAN, black, slightly heavier and riddled with anxiety, is driving.
Oscar looks quite anxious as he keeps his eyes firmly on the road.
At least you know it's not you, so try not to get so nervous when he's around.
He's going to be more.concerned
Suddenly there's a BUMP!!!
I'd have blood on my hands!
Elaine shakes him.
Hang on!
Dead?
A beat.
Uncle Russell is asleep in the back.
What the hell?
The mourner shakes hands with Ryan then walks away.
Aaron tries to get across the room as Michelle heads into the kitchen.
Aaron shakes it.
It'll just freak him out...  We'll just keep a close eye on him, and make sure he doesn't get out of control...
How are you doing at the hospital?
Oscar is fidgeting and looking worried.
Aaron looks worried.
Michelle looks worried.
I'll kill him!
Elaine tries to keep Duncan away from Oscar, who is stressed enough and looks terrified.
That was insane.
Can you hear me?
Duncan finally exits, leaving Norman looking shocked and terrified.
They head into the house.
Where's my watch?!
Suddenly the pressure of.
As the screaming and cursing goes on upstairs, Aaron approaches a mourner who looks concerned.
Aaron looks at him a little freaked out by his sudden appearance.
Oh God...  Aaron jumps up and closes the study door.
That's what I do when I'm stressed.
I'm in debt up to my ass.
Suddenly the door opens and Norman enters.
He's having a seizure.
Frank shakes his head "no."
Suddenly the door opens again and Jeff walks in.
He's having a seizure.
Suddenly they hear the doorknob rattle.
Norman and Jeff both look terrified.
Pants down.
Pants down.
Ahh!!! Ugh! Norman, panicking, rushes to the sink, turns on the faucet full blast and sticks his hand under the water.
Jeff pulls Norman up and shakes him.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Shake him.
Jeff bends down and shakes him.
Aaron can see from Norman's face, and the sweat on his forehead, that something serious has happened.
They'll kill me.
Suddenly there's a knock on the door.
He stumbles.
Everybody breathes a sigh of relief.
Norman sniffs his fingers, worried.
Did you hear that?
I'm more worried about Hepatitis C after having Uncle Russell's shit in my mouth.
He was dead!
Then we can worry about the rest of our lives.
A beat.
Aaron clears his throat and prepares to begin.
A beat.
A beat.
Jesse asleep on Celeste's shoulder as she kisses him on the head.
Why are you stopping?
She shakes it off and titters.
Which means I will only be 56 at my eldest's college graduation.
You gotta crawl before you walk.
Uh, I'm gonna go home.
Celeste is asleep.
This wakes her up.
You traded in your Porsche for an Audi because the economy is tanking and you're afraid you'll lose your job soon.
Celeste is about to go on the road for work.
I miss you.
Look, I know this is so sudden.
She shakes him off.
She doubles over with her hands on her knees.
She's in pain.
I'm afraid you'll drown.
Alcohol?
We're doing Car Bombs in the kitchen.
Crushing.
Are you bleeding?
Oh, yeah, that's weird.
Celeste is picking at the end of her sandwich, recounting the waking nightmare of last night.
It was a disaster.
(beat.)
Are you scared?
Crushing.
You owe me.
Celeste bursts in with all types of nervous energy.
God, I'm sorry.
You miss him?
Aw yeah!
She restrains herself.
as the blush threatens to engulf his ears.
a "And my kind friends will not hear of me returning home until I am better -- but do not be alarmed excepting a sore throat, a. fever, and a headache there is nothing wrong with me."
Though I do fear with her families low connections there is little chance of it.
Suddenly a distant trumpet sounds, dogs bark.
Collins, late twenties, an overweening sychophant, nervous and unctuous in equal measure.
He's the dreaded cousin.
They stop.
Lizzie gazes at him with horror and sympathy.
Suddenly she thinks she sees him, so starts to a him then she is suddenly surprised by Charlotte Lucas.
They both walk into the ball room.
The staff are asleep on their feet.
Kitty asleep.
Elizabeth storms out of the room and out of the house.
Not a word of warning!
Ouch! Darcy flinches.
I'm afraid Mr and Mrs Collins are gone on business to the village.
She is outside.
Father, its dangerous!
She gasps.
And stops.
So is the dreaded Miss Bingley.
I am afraid we must go at once - I will join Mr Bennet and find Lydia before she ruins the family forever.
Mr Bennet is terrified.
A beat.
despair.
You cannot think me so weak as to be in danger now.
a Bingley looks at Jane, desperately worried.
There is a noise outside.
The last tough is stumbling away, gaping with terror.
A light RAIN begins to fall.
A crinkled burn scar traverses one side of his face from chin to forehead.
Other scars, from burns and bullets, mar his hard-muscled body.
PANAGLIDE PRECEDING COPS, as they snake through the night maze.
Catches it by the throat in mid-air.
C.U. - DOBERMAN, suddenly on its back and held by the throat, THE DOG YELPS and stares at Reese, who leans very close.
Misses.
Harsh light rakes across his face, outlining the long scar.
It's Terminator.
The mother stands paralyzed, unable to breathe.
Reese sits motionless in the dark.
The wearer rips it off, revealing a younger Reese, minus his burn scar.
DOLLYING as they start to belly crawl through the bones and wreckage.
Through spires of a collapsed building a terrifying SPHINX-LIKE SHAPE moves against the sky... obscured by dust and blinding sweeps of its searchlights.
Reese crawls, pacing the H-K, under and through, on elbows and knees, past mounds of charred skulls.
Soldiers in a nightmare war.
WIDER, showing the H-K more clearly... a blast-scarred CHROME LEVIATHON, with hydraulic arms folded mantis-like against its 'torso', and huge underslung GUN TURRETS.
Then Matt realizes to his horror who he's been talking to.
She bends down.
ON SARAH - C.U., inexplicably nervous.
Mouth cruel where the scar tugs at it.
Streetlight catches the burn scar on his cheek.
And still the blade moves closer to his throat.
Her expression is agony and reeling, nauseating terror.
HE FIRES.
C.U. - SARAH, feeling a lightning blot of terror greater than she could ever imagine as the cold gaze fixes on her.
DOLLYING WITH REESE AND SARAH as they run through the dark alley.
The sedan, like a night-demon, hurtles out of the shadows with its lights off, doing ninety plus.
Paralyzed.
She is shivering silently, uncontrollably.
He reaches over and runs his hands over her arms, legs, chest.
She feels the BLIND PANIC BOILING UP WITHIN HER.
Below, Reese's sedan snakes along at 110 plus.
A police cruiser appears, moving slowly between the rows of cars.
A phalanx of cops, guns drawn, approaches the car warily.
Then at the cops.
A bloody scarecrow with bullet wounds in stomach, chest, shoulder and right wrist.
ANGLE PAST HIS NON-FUNCTIONAL RIGHT ARM, F.G., as he exam- ines it.
CRASH!
Sarah's terror skyrockets when the ceiling lamp explodes and the office goes black.
He is hit twice, chest and leg.
TIGHT ON TERMINATOR, moving forward, intent MEDIUM ON SARAH, her teeth are chattering with fear as SHOTS echo nearby.
Bleeding.
THE TERMINATOR.
Sarah's fear has been replaced by excitement.
With knife-slits of hot sunlight.
She lays it gently on the dresser.
A spatter of blood.
The room is dark, lit only by a streetlight outside.
Sarah is asleep on the bed.
She's sitting slightly behind him and she puts her hands on his shoulders and back, tracing the lines of his scars with her fingertips.
She kisses his neck and chest, tracing his scars with her lips.
Lying across his chest, she surveys his face as his eyes close drowsily.
A dark figure moves by in the F.G., out of the dog's reach.
PAN OFF the lunging dog to the row of rooms facing the parking lot.
HANDHELD as we approach the doors.
The POV approaches a door.
The front of the building is BLOWN TO KINDLING.
A YOUNG GUY ON A HONDA 750 crosses the parking lot and stops near him, running forward.
It breaks down suddenly into individual SIDE, TOP and PLAN VIEWS.
He FIRES.
Drops the .357.
Stunned.
He has a bullet in the chest.
He FIRES.
Still.
She stares in numb horror.
Panting with terror she rolls the bike off the truck.
Dies.
CRASH!
LOW ANGLE PAST REESE, F.G., as the cyborg approaches him.
C.U. - KYLE'S FACE streaked with blood, pressed to the floor as a metal foot CLANGS DOWN, F.G.   His eyes snap open.
Still.
Shrapnel.
She starts to crawl toward it.
It tracks her unerringly, Sarah moves deeper into the DARK, CLASHING JUNGLE of machinery.
It crawls the last few feet,EYES RED IN THE DARK.
The steel fingers are frozen an inch from her throat.
The nervous passenger is RICK MILLS, 38.
Another POLICE CRUISER FISHTAILS OUT OF A SIDE STREET and Oh God, now there's two of 'em!
I still have a few.
Yeah, that's rough stuff--I heard they might have to sell the house.
What am I, a vulture?
HIS POV - Maggie lays in bed, FAST ASLEEP.
(chanting, scared.)
We're married men--it's creepy.
How 'bout you--did Maggie freak out when you got home?
I gotta go home and poo.
What the hell is he doing?
With panic etched across their sweaty faces, Gary and Hog- head quickly jump to their feet and run after the cart.
CRACK!
We've changed.
It'll destroy it!
Metrosexual #2 straddles Rick's chest and leans down to pull him up.
Suddenly Fred jumps to his feet.
Then he's left alone with Paige and her coed-in-love- with-the-professor eyes and her suddenly heaving cleavage.
It was the greys--you know, the tall, skinny aliens--and they were all over my yard, but--and here's the weird thing--I wasn't at all afraid of them so when they asked me if I wanted to get in their spaceship, I said, 'Sure,' and I walked right on.
So what's this big emergency?
I had a little chest cramp during the last song, but I worked through it.
Um...  Are you out of your mind?! I'm going to be honest with you-- your tone right now is scaring me.
Then she leans her head AGAINST HIS CHEST.
I gotta go home.
Oh my God...  Suddenly they hear O.S. GLASS SHATTERING.
We've both been bad.
I've been worse.
Cop #1 PINS FRED'S HEAD TO THE FLOOR as Cop #2 lays across his legs.
Oh my god... oh my god...oh my and...  ON RICK - he looks concerned as he approaches the bedroom door.
Rick ENTERS to find Maggie laying in bed...  TALKING ON THE Oh my god... oh my god, you poor thing.
She hangs up.
Suddenly Fred falls to his knees.
It's dying.
Duke Hammond watches from outside the cage, a bit wary, as the King kneels beside the terrified woman.
I will destroy you.
He suddenly STARTS TO CHOKE, his eyes widening in surprise.
She sits up curiously, then climbs out of bed -- There's panic and chaos outside, COURTIERS and SOLDIERS running for their lives.
Ravenna's mother moves forward, ready to attack.
Trying to clear his vision and steady his aim, Eric hurls the hatchet -- and MISSES, the blade sticking in the tree above the frightened Greta's head -- Broch is on Eric in an instant, swinging his huge battle axe.
Rose looks on, terrified, as Broch drives Eric towards the trees.
Eric stares at her a moment, then suddenly picks her up and tosses her over his shoulders.
Rose, sitting in a dark corner, goes to her cell bars and looks out.
There are scattered rebel groups on the fringe of the dark forest, but they cause little harm.
Poison their wells.
Thomas falls to his knees in horror, trying to revive his son.
She yanks hard.at the nail, almost has it when -- The Magpies flutter again and blast away, as if afraid -- Snow White hears FOOTSTEPS down the hall.
Did I wake you?
I'm afraid of her.
What does she want from me? His finger move from her hair to her cheek, stroking it gently, and then to her chest.
Blood flies.
Snow White runs down the steps into a corridor and sees ARMED GUARDS appear at the other end.
Reluctantly she turns and runs into the forest -- The riders are about to follow when their horses rear and kick in terror.
One guard is thrown off and sucked down in the bog, frightening off the others.
Despite their concern for Snow White, the MAGPIES are also too afraid to enter the forest.
She was chased into the dark forest.
You have failed me!
I have no powers in the Dark Forest.
No-one goes into the Dark Forest.
My brother tells me you are a widower, a drunkard and one of few who has ventured into the dark forest.
After a beat...
Too bad.
The Guards gulp back their fears.
She opens her eyes, sees her wrists and ankles bound and reacts in horror, struggling to free herself of her bonds.
WE PULL UP, UP, UP until we can see the full scope of the Dark Forest.
Eric and Finn have tethered their nervous horses and stand at the entrance to the bog.
DARK FOREST - DAY. 64a Eric, Finn and the Guards move through a dark copse of trees.
Eric moves quickly then stops, listens - we see his hunting skills - as he hears the noise of cracking branches in the distance, he blasts away, moving like lightning.
He came at me with a knife!
He puts his knife to her throat to quiet her.
Eric, still with a knife to Snow White's throat, starts slowly backing up.
Snow White, terrified, races off into the forest.
And he's injured.
DARK FOREST - FINN - SAME 67a Finn is on his feet but still hallucinating - stumbling about.
The words echo through the dark forest.
Dark Forest.
(after a beat.)
She is shocked.
Have you traversed the Dark Forest?
83a CONTINUED: (2.) 83a She catches the look of fear in his eyes as he gazes around the woods.
Do you hear me?!
He tosses a knife to her.
You're too small to attack.
Is this the end of the Dark Forest?
A beat, then the monster turns away from Eric, striding towards Snow She stands her ground, fighting her terror, PULLS HER KNIFE.
Snow White sees a deep scar running down her otherwise beautiful face.
They all have scarred faces.
Lily takes a stick and marks the dolls face with a scar.. Here.
She stops.
Alone in a dark cell.
It's getting dark.
Anna suddenly stops.
Suddenly he stops.
Find her! William looks around the burning village in panic.
He's in pain, too.
The Dwarf confab breaks up and they approach.
So what's the verdict?
Suddenly Duir calls out: Riders!
Cut him down!
Pests.
130a OMITTED 130a Eric and the dwarves are asleep.
They stare at each other in the roaring wind, then Finn gallops into the forest after-Snow White Eric RUNS in the same direction -- William fends off the furious dwarf attack then rides off in pursuit of snow white -- Aldan sees him but is too busy defending himself against COLL and DUIR to give chase -- All around the forest the shadow of death is spreading.
He follows the sound of galloping hooves when suddenly they stop.
There's a tense silence, then SUDDENLY HE HEARS A NOISE.
I'm afraid to.
171a CONTINUED: (2.) 171a I hold life sacred, even more since I've tasted freedom, but I've lost my fear of death.
Half a dozen guards and fifty armed soldiers.
(Pulling out a huge knife.)
Eric forces Snow White's horse out of the way as a fireball explodes yards from her. Fire rains down on the Duke's army now, panic spreading in the ranks.
Like a spider waiting in her web, with no concern about her soldiers' situation, Ravenna remains calm and calculated.
She is breathing heavily, a mix of fear and determination.
The DARK FAERIES: Ravenna's ultimate soldiers.
Fight.
Behind William and in front of Eric, a Dark creature shapes up.
Ravenna approaches and grabs Snow White by the throat, squeezing hard.
Eric watches - despair wrought on his face -- as the knife falls.
The remaining Dark Creature freezes.
Transformed into a sick room.
Nell closes the doors on the chamber of horrors, exhales.
A BEAT.
This relieves the pressure.
She watches again for it.
Mantle and chimney rise in dark, baroque masonry, becoming lost in the shadows above.
The room is spacious, in a rococo gothic style with low-relief woodwork on the walls rising to a dark, coffered, ceiling of carved ivory.
Mrs. Dudley looks up at Nell who mimics her scary smile.
Theo twirls out of the room, Nell, anxious, behind her.
They both disappear into the dark gothic hallway.
She stops.
She suddenly stops.
Nell shifts, looks at the house with a strange feeling.
Nell turns the OTHER WAY, but not because she's scared -- she's searching for a shot glass on a side table.
Her shrieking becomes a terrified but quieter wail.
The carved animal heads on the balusters are all turned UP THE STAIRWAY, eyes starting in fear.
Afraid.
At the end of the hallway, where all eyes are staring, the double doors, the ones that scared Nell and Theo stand shut.
Nell sits up, still asleep, body moving by reflex.
Nell listens in cold dread.
Nell and Theo stare out AT US in terror.
Theo shivers.
She looks up in horror at Nell.
Nell looks up -- -- and takes a step into the pitch-dark bathroom.
Nell, mouth open in cold horror, sees the deadbolt.
A beat.
The room is a lot less frightening now, especially with the lights on.
Nell lies asleep under her sheet, the blankets off the end of the bed.
Nell sits paralyzed, rooted to the chair.
It goes out of focus and we can't see it as we follow -- -- NELL flying away, across the room in headlong terror.
Nell is shaken.
The shut, dark, door, the one that scared Nell and Theo earlier, awaits them at the end.
Ominous.
With a look of horror she recoils from the door, choking, covering her face.
He's vulnerable.
She follows the streaking substance up, blinking in rising fear as more running letters appear.
Nell, panic rising in her voice, confronts the others.
A sudden rumble runs throughout the greenhouse.
The blasphemous epitaph here: Nell is shaken, and dreading what she will find next, whirls to the one behind her: WENDY CRAIN JANUARY 1 , 1880 -- She clears it away -- January 1, 1880.
Nell backs out of the cemetery, afraid.
A beat.
Then darkens.
Darkens.
And as the first fear begins to rise in her throat, the wind dies down and in its place there is the FAINTEST TRACE OF CHILDREN'S LAUGHTER.
The window stares from an arrangement of other windows, stonework and doors...  like an eye with a cataract in a face howling in horror.
The gap WIDENS, yawning, pitch dark beyond.
The door rams open, Theo behind it, terrified and clearly just awoken.
They stare out at us, eyes trying to adjust, afraid.
A beat.
Theo's scream goes dead in breath-stealing horror.
He rolls up his sleeve revealing large, livid SCARS at intervals too regular to be anything natural.
They stop.
Nell, fearful, turns the page -- -- and REACTS to the last thing she expected.
Less frightening.
And in this picture, Carolyn's stomach is slightly distended.
Hell.
Sick with fear, Nell prods the ash.
She draws it out, and full of dread turns it to the light...  Impaled on its hooks are TWO HUMAN SKULLS.
Nell stumbles down the hall, weeping in fear.
Nell eases down the hallway, the fear welling back on her like a tide.
Nell looks at the locked room in horror and takes off running.
A beat.
Theo, scared, looks at Marrow.
The first hint of fear in her eyes.
Marrow sees the panic working on her, gives her a stern look: The command derails Theo's train of thought.
Nell lies in her bed, shivering.
Nell falls asleep.
Marrow steps into the dark, vast room, his glasses glinting.
Suddenly his CELL PHONE RINGS, startling him.
Nell lies in her bed asleep, the room dark except for the last, guttering end of one of the candles.
Her HAND is suddenly grasped.
The eye on the wall is gone.
Nell recoils in prickling fear.
Living fear.
Then her fear turns to RAGE.
Nell writhes in horror, but can't pull away from the mirror.
In it, her BANG!
BANG.
BANG.
BANG.
Nell exhales in shuddering fear.
She kicks the door shut behind her and lunges for the spiral staircase, her horror driving her up and up, setting the rickety thing swinging.
A beat.
Three scared people.
Nell lies asleep, the ornate headboard looming behind her, black with its strange plant-like splay of leaves.
Nell lies there afraid to move, afraid to make the faintest sound.
They flee.
Marrow backs away in awe and fear.
Mute dread.
The massive black door swings silently into the dark, vaulted entry.
As at the same time out of the mouth from the sculpture erupts a river of blood, scaring the hell out of them.
Theo stops suddenly.
Then they hear it.
Faint.
In rising dread, Theo starts forward.
Theo steps toward her, afraid for her.
A CHILL of fear cuts through Theo as Nell looks deep into her eyes.
Stunned.
Theo, afraid, watches the Great Hall behind them.
Marrow follows him in, Luke's fear turning into a vicious smile as he sees the towering windows.
Fast, like she was born a trauma doctor, Nell clamps off the blood with her fingers.
They stare at him, appalled, afraid.
A sound comes up in Theo's throat.
A horrified whimper.
They look out at the full scope of Crain's horror.
A rumble runs through the house and they all look down in fear toward the great hall where a cloud of ashes still hangs in the air.
It is a nightmare House.
And they cower in fear for what is about to happen.
The terrified animal heads on the balustrade, their eyes flash in fear.
Cherubim, afraid, clasp hands.
A beat.
BANG.
The NOISE is deafening.
The title of the book: FEAR AND PERFORMANCE.
Face white with terror.
Utter panic.
A massive hand comes briefly to rest in one of the crags, ghastly gray skin rippling with harsh ligaments and sinewy veins, brutal surgical scars marring the wrist.
Grigori cautiously eases his hand into the darkness of the furred hood to search the neck for a pulse...  ...and the figure scares the shit out of him.
Lightning throws seething shadows of the rain on his face.
Elizabeth is a tiny figure huddled in an adult- size bed, gazing up with tear-streaked face at the huge skylights in the vaulted ceiling, dreading the next scary boom and flash.
Victor does find it scary...  but exhilarating.
Lightning glistens in their upturned eyes.
He turns to Elizabeth, eyes brimming with terror...  ...as his mother falls back on the sweat-soaked sheets, blowing air like a bellows, trying to give birth...  ...while her SCREAMS mingle with the howling of the wind, the stump of the long-dead oak tree pokes from the earth in the foreground like a gravestone, lashed by the rain.
A FLASH OF LIGHTNING floods the room, revealing Victor's father on the staircase.
He lays his head to her breast.
They keep glancing over their shoulders at Waldman as he gets further embroiled in a no-win argument with a wiry, ferret-faced MAN terrified about getting his vaccination: Ripples of panic spread.
Concerned.
A thin knife.
The doors of the poor house burst open, releasing a frenzy into the street: Victor and Henry carrying Waldman by his arms and legs, all the students running alongside, some of them weeping with panic, the crowd at their heels still trying to catch a glimpse, pedestrians scattering, the students dwindling up the long winding street, bearing their professor toward the school, shouting for help...  Krempe delivers the eulogy before the open casket.
Watching.
A FLASH OF LIGHTNING throws wild, skittering shadows through the dormer windows and skylights.
He's nervous, working up his courage: He pries off the stone lid.
They walk toward the mansion Murky and dark.
Henry exits into a nightmare.
The shadow falls across his face.
Shivering with cold.
He presses on.
Mocked by the lightning.
The vermin scatter as the waking Creature peers at the world from beneath the greatcoat like a frightened child peering from under a blanket.
Assessing his potential as a threat.
The Creature draws back sharply with a fearful MOAN.
The Creature is left whimpering and shaken.
A bigger bite.
The Creature cradles the loaves to his chest, terrified she's going to take them away.
Screams and panic.
He's wailing with terror now, long inhuman howls of fear.
The Creature lunges to his feet, panic and terror complete bulldozing through the crowd to get away from the torch, bowling people over, scattering them in all directions.
Stunned.
The Creature gazes around, terrified once again at the smell of oil.
The Creature whirls, stunned at the searing heat, arms thrown up in horror.
He throws his hands up and SHRIEKS, terrified at his own reflection...  ...and then he realizes it's him down there.
Panic.
Mortal terror.
A tiny FAWN stumbles into view on ungainly legs, mouth open, frothing with exhaustion and terror.
Dying.
The Creature gets swept along, gasping and choking, caroming off huge boulders, fawn still clutched protectively to his chest.
Furtive.
He follows it, crawling back into the darkest recesses where the sty adjoins the wall of the house.
In the pigsty, the Creature draws back with a fearful moan...  ...that nobody but GRANDFATHER hears, He pauses to gaze blindly toward the wall, eyes milky with cataracts, wondering what it might have been.
A shadow enters, creeps to the bed, falls across his face.
He sinks into a chair, weighed by worry.
Stunned.
The Creature creeps from his sty, scurries closer to investigate.
it's too horrible to conceive...  ...and he drops the journal, clawing at his coat in a surge of panic, wrenching it away to reveal his arm...
And the massive suture scars joining his shoulder to his torso in an exact match to the drawing.
Watching.
He vanishes again.
Afraid to continue.
The Creature is huffing air, breath hitching in his chest like a panicking child.
Breath catching in her throat.
He sinks to his knees, hands clutched bitterly to his heaving chest.
Chickens too.
Maybe Willie does have reason to be afraid.
THEIR FEET go pounding through the brambles and brush.
The terrified boy.
Justine turns with a platter, collides with one of the kitchen staff.
Both men worried.
Night approaching.
A storm approaching.
Pale.
Scared She rushes to him, throws herself into his arms.
Stunned.
The body dangles from the scaffold, lashed by wind and rain.
Softly: Victor is speechless with horror.
He rises, gazing at the scaffold, horrified.
The horse suddenly spooks.
Watching him.
Frantic.
A miss.
Firing.
Victor panics, turns to run...
Winded.
Battered.
Victor scrambles back terrified, pressing into a corner as the Creature enters...  ...but the Creature merely crosses to the fire and hunkers down.
Overcome with shame and horror.
Victor stares in horror as the Creature relates his story with tears shining in his monstrous eyes.
The Creature nimbly climbs the outer wall, fingers grasping the brickwork, a dark shape slung over his shoulder.
Victor stares down in utter horror.
TILT UP to Victor gazing down in horror.
The full horror sinking in.
The Creature enters, massive and unseen, gliding in shadow.
Breath catching in his throat.
Lashing.
Wipes off the muck as she shivers and shakes, spasms easing off.
Stunned.
Faltering.
Fingertips tracing his massively scarred flesh.
A beat.
Another to a prostitute, suture scars marring the wrist.
Realization creeping into her eyes.
Realization and horror.
Screaming at them both.
Screaming at herself.
She goes berserk, trying to claw her flesh away, trying to find the real Elizabeth underneath the horror, trying to peel it away, clawing at her face.
She spins to face them, holding them breathlessly at bay with the threat of the lamp, twitching from one to the other.
Walton takes Victor's hand, lays it gently back to his chest.
The figure swivels its head, revealing its face to the dim yellow light: Walton hisses a terrified intake of breath.
The Creature rises, gliding in shadow to the door.
Dread seeping into their bones.
Frightened muttering.
It's like tectonic plates building pressure toward an earthquake: once it goes, it goes with terrifying speed and force: CRACK!
Suddenly, things go from bad to worse.
Dying.
He gazes down in shock at the massive fist clutching his chest...  and the arm that grows and grows, rising, lifting him up and up... and the hideous face that breaks the surface beneath him.
The face of a nightmare.
The Creature swims away, knifing through the water after the torch.
WALTON AND THE CREW gaze in horror.
WALTON AND THE CREW gaze on in wonder and horror as: THE CREATURE rides the burning pyre, a shrieking revenant wrapped in a caul of fire, screaming in the flames.
I wasn't driven by joy, it wasn't winning as much as terror, pure and simple -- fear of losing.
Do me a favor and lose my number, I gotta go to work.
You're scaring me son.
What the hell were you afraid of?
he was very concerned.
It's a challenge.
What the hell was that?
Beat.
You have to work up to pro ball around here.
Here I was, worried you'd rush your decision.
I'm scared shitless.
BRANDON sits between WALTER and JERRY, increasingly nervous as the CAMERAS push close.
Stop worrying.
Shoot.
Stunned.
Comes with its own 50-foot boat.
It rained in Cincinatti!
His beeper suddenly sounds.
Too bad.
You're fired.
Wake up.
It's insane!
We're in the eye of the storm.
It stops.
We move toward it, past the gates and guard houses, past the guest houses, past the kennels for the guard dogs, and finally to the front driveway of the main house where a conservative sedan is being loaded by a Chauffeur and a pair. of large dark-headed men named Al Neri and Rocco Lampone.
As suitcases are being placed in the trunk of the car, the front door to the main house opens and Tom Hagen, a trim, serious, balding man in a business suit, appears He crosses to the corner of the house and looks off.
Divorced.
Divorced.
Who's concerned?
Tony is connected to the desk ensemble by three appara- tuses: a blood pressure cuff attached to his arm,.
What am t supposed to do? Get scared?
The cold, faintly blue light of the- street lamp at the corner throws leaf shadows on their faces as they come up to the front door..
as the fear comes up.
As Tony shakes hands with Santino and ?rinkie:
Maatrocima is shaking hands with Hagen,.
This object is a United States Marine Corps killing knife.
Tony swings the knife.
Tony rolls to his feet, grabs up the killing knife and presses it to the Instrutor's throat.
Suddenly he grins; You're getting there, Mister Adams.
Tony looks at the knife in his hand, then tosses it away and starts off.
Suddenly he pauses.
:.ring room, suddenly a Man from out of "-,-.e shadows, clamps one hand over her .mouth
Now suddenly he moves --- IDi'i:.
The gun in.
As Tony enters with his prisoner, the First Man - the one with the knife -- still has his weapon pressing into Elizabeth's throat.
You drop the knife.
I_ said crop the knife.
Suddenly the Second Man's knees buckle as.
Tony, in a lightning move, brings the gun barrel down across the Man's head.
As the Second Man is on his hands and knees, Zi.?ce a stunned ox, dripping blood on the carpet, Tony tuns once more to the an with the knife.
As the Man with the- knife nods grimly, Tony puts his gun to the back of the kneeling man's head and calmly pulls the trigger.
kneeling man plunges for+qard, dead, the back of - his head blown off.. Tony now turns, without emotion, to the man with the knife.
They shake hands, then:.
There were a few problems.
As Tony comes up and joins Axr-igo a Third man suddenly appears out of the darkness.
Suddenly, a police truck appears in one of the streets, blocking it, and a fly- ing squad of armed police piles out of the canvas- covered rear and.
But I've got this problem -- You scare me.
-Where did you hear that?
As the occupants of the first car are attacking the Jailhouse, Fa=axon, Pepe, and Borracho launch an 0 attack on the Presidential Palace.
Roberto runs in, whips out a knife and as Tony grabs the motionless body, the other cuts the line.
They stop.
A Police car with the numerals "22" painted on the side is abandoned at an angle in the street, the doors open.
We have seen the terrorists.
The back window is starred as a hole suddenly appears in it, only - inches from Padre ?ece' s head.
As the first of the pursuing Police cars starts around the corner, suddenly the non-descript sedan parked at the curb detonates -- disintigrates in a blinding dazzle of light.
I'm afraid he's finished.
A couple of jeep loads of Soldiers turn down the same side road that we saw Police Car 22 take a few minutes earlier.
as they fire.
as they fire.
as limousines 4ith soldiers on the ;enders and roofs come inching through the fist-waving, threatening mob.
stops.
Suddenly Elizabeth drops to her knees and starts crawling around on the floor, blindly searching for the oranges.
as a knife suddenly glitters in his hand and he plunges it into Devito.
Tony is in bed, asleep.
We are angled into a mirror over a chest of drawers, holding on Tony as he sits up in bed, then gingerly gets to his feet.
you're a threat -- do you understand?
Fredo looks shy and scared.
After a moment the lit :le boy understands that the old man is no l anger playing a game, and he beomes frightened: INT.
is this so bad?
I had him killed.
There is a beat.
I've called Stu in on this -- Though I'm afraid I can't give you much time.
as Tony takes a bite of his hot dog.
Hear.
Hear.
White shivers, cold.
He stands abruptly, fumbles across the bed to stare into a dark corner of the room.
White stumbles back in horror, throws his hands across his mouth.
Light and musak flood out.
Stops.
A WOMAN'S VOICE WHISPERS: He backs away from the painting, looks about the lobby in panic -  sees a sign:  TOILETS.
Bubbles spew from the mouth,  the eyes stare in horror.
White panics  -  he's cornered.
He starts to shake.
A RUSHING NOISE in the distance.
A whimper deep in his throat.
White looks up  -  terrified.
The RUSHING NOISE O.S. again.
ON THE WALL facing him, a DOOR has appeared where moments before there was nothing.
He hears NOISES O.S. in the corridor, runs to the door, presses against the wall.
The door swings open, a shaft of light floods the dark room.
Desolate.
A SHADOW moves towards him, dragging one foot as it walks.
He overcomes his fear, starts to read the article.
He suddenly trips and falls to the floor.
ON WHITE rigid with terror.
They walk towards him slowly, holding knifes above their heads.
Ready to attack.
Fredrick looks up at them in horror.
A shadow falls across his back.
He can see into an adjoining room to his right  -  two dark figures stand over a man on the floor lying in a pool of dark crimson.
Suddenly a sliding door SLAMS onto the back of Whiteis neck, traps his head in the hole.
Stop suddenly, mechanically.
They shake.
He stops.
Miss Crenshaw looks concerned.
Suddenly a deafening RINGING startles him.
Sheis terrified.
Hysterical.
His eyes widen in horror.
Frightened, White holds the gun out.
Everyone panics, scatters.
A cacophony of noise.
Through the swinging bells  -  the MYSTERY MEN climb the last few steps on the other end of the dark room.
Difficult to find his target  - the approaching MEN are obscured by the bells.
FIRES.
White runs at the off-balance Man, head-butts him in the stomach.
Suddenly, to Whiteis amazement, the shiny black rim of a bell clips the Manis head.
Glass blows out, raining down on the street.
A chair falls over in a dark room.
Suddenly the phone emits a high-pitched shriek.
The inspector climbs a staircase, enters a dark room.
The cop is shaking his watch, tapping it with his finger.
On the other side is a corridor snaking off into darkness.
Suddenly the door has caught Bumsteadis head in it.
Suddenly a door opens and DOCTOR SCHREBER, clutching a file of papers, steps out.
He is out of line.
Te doctor walks to a small sink in the corner, returns, hands White a glass of water.
The doctor is obviously scared.
At eye height.
A dark room.
Suddenly White feels feint  -  leans against the wall to steady himself.
CLOSE ON WHITE  -  frightened now.
The door on the other side of the barrier opens with a squeak  - DOCTOR SCHREBER steps in, looking frightened.
Suddenly the syringe spins towards the doctor, IMPALES itself in his shoulder.
The doctor is nervous, glancing about.
A nervous CHIEF-INSPECTOR is flanked by TWO STRANGE-LOOKING MEN in ill-fitting brown suits.
A nervous twitch knocks the cup from the cop's hands.
She stops, her face in shadow.
Looks across the dark room.
Across the street is DOCTOR SCHREBER'S surgery.
He is about to get out of the car, when the SURGERY DOOR OPENS and A FIGURE steps into the street.
ANGLE ON  -  A STRANGE WOMAN in the dark corridor adjusting her hair nervously.
A KNOCK ON THE DOOR startles a huddled man in a blanket, sitting before a small t.v.
Thompson, still clutching his head, runs and starts POUNDING HIS FACE against the wall.
Bumstead looks on in horror.
Suddenly the hand pulls away.
TWO COPS wander about the dark room, doing stuff.
The long table is lined on both sides with immobile A DARK FIGURE walks into the room, steps up to the other end of the table.
He looks nervous.
The puppet leaps onto the bench in front of him  -  he's frightened, so are the customers.
Screams o.s.
The doctor is sitting at his desk, when the door bursts open suddenly.
White is worried, looks at the others.
A dark room full of BUBBLING NOISES AND WATER DRIPPING  -  an aquarium.
A strange WHIRRING NOISE O.S.  White hides behind a sofa.
A P.O.V.  -  MOVING THROUGH a dark, claustrophobic pipe.
He stands in a dark room, surrounded by charts and maps.
Bumstead is interrupted by a NOISE O.S.
A NOISE O.S. White and Uncle Karl turn.
It turns to face him, SUDDENLY RACES FORWARD, a horrible high-pitched shriek from its mechanical voice box.
Suddenly it STOPS  -  starts returning to his floor.
A sudden gust of wind.
Then he suddenly plummets into the water, like a trap-door has opened beneath him.
A NOISE O.S. startles the puppet.
THE CONTAINER  -  Shakes and starts to fall.
A NOISE O.S. startles him  -  A FIGURE in the shadows across the roof.
The doctor shuts his eyes, a trickle of blood runs down his face.
A NOISE O.S. disturbs him and he gets up, walks out of his office, looks into the darkness.
He becomes very scared.
The mortician's throat SPOUTS blood.
As he approaches the door he begins to feel colder.
A NOISE O.S.  -  some kind of machine being turned on  -  lights start to come up all over the room.
An eerie silence falls on the room.
ANGLE ON WHITE  -  He starts to tremble, not so much from fear, but cold.
This time she opens her mouth, there is a bubbling noise, water runs out, then: White is agitated, fear in his face.
Several Mystery Men BACK AWAY from him, scared.
SEVERAL Mystery Men are TERRIFIED.
It suddenly STOPS.
Mister Black starts to SHAKE.
A car on a street corner flies into the air...
White walks to the lace curtain, opens it with shaking hands.
Now a sudden GUST OF WIND blows open the book.
This was a warning.
She stands, revealing LARGE FAKE BREASTS, and steps out of the chest.
I'll go to the jeweler's tomorrow.
("I'm so scared".)
Go bigger.
Will you stop?
They shake hands a beat too long.
It's, for a surgery I need.
--Elizabeth washes in SLO MO, shakes out her hair as she gets WET.
Now beat it.
Hopeless.
She shakes the lighter.
Stops.
embarrassment.)
I need to get drunk.
Panic.
Recess is over.
Two scary-looking GERMAN SHEPHERDS, their teeth bared, pull two POLICE OFFICERS down the hall.
Hello, Jeopardy!
My poison is the white devil.
She pulls out a match and lights the exams on fire.
But to be honest, I think she was scaring some of the kids.
The kids have every reason to be scared by her.
She's a monster.
Am I shocked?
Elizabeth is asleep on Garrett's shoulder.
I was so worried.
You gave us quite a scare, you did.
Ethereal.
He suddenly stops.
Looks impassively at the blood on her fingertips.
Then a sudden rustling noise makes him jump.
Panicked, the CHICKS scatter across the surface.
Suddenly realizes the time.
Worried he'll be overheard.
Paul's anxious.
Suddenly one of the fluorescent ceiling lights behind her blows out with a loud WHUMPH.
The darkness quickly creeping up behind her.
Suddenly the corridor's flooded with a BLINDING WHITE LIGHT.
Anna, still shaken, walks with Jack towards the parking lot.
She's about to walk away when the Salon door suddenly opens.
She stops.
Suddenly his LIPS PART...  as he GASPS SOFTLY.
Anna steps back terrified.
Anna suddenly looses it.
Now Anna's nervous.
Paul's suddenly aware that everyone's looking at him.
The rain pounding the asphalt.
Still.
The room's suddenly flooded with a harsh white light.
Anna stares with horror at her death certificate, then at Eliot.
Paul's worried now.
Suddenly classical music fills the room.
Diane shivers.
She suddenly stops.
Stunned.
Anna suddenly hears Paul's loud voice outside.
Suddenly the room's flooded with light.
Scared.
Shaken, Anna pushes herself against the wall.
He stops suddenly.
He stops.
UNNATURAL.
Suddenly he hears a strange noise.
Anna's hand suddenly FLIES UP...    she slashes at Eliot's face with the SCISSORS.
But then she wavers.
Suddenly she realizes...  She's not listening.
Slow.
The huge dark space engulfs her.
Scared.
Anna steps back terrified.
Jack's suddenly nervous.
Hugging her legs to her chest.
Hugs her legs closer to her chest.
A sudden GUST OF WIND bends the dense foliage.
It's only the wind.
He shivers.
Suddenly the SHOWER STARTS RUNNING.
Paul's paralyzed with fear.
Then her hand moves to her chest.
Horrified.
She panics.
Eliot hears the NOISE.
Watching.
Dark circles under his eyes.
Anna glances back to the door in panic.
Suddenly the light comes on.
She looks frightening in the harsh light.
Suddenly the light goes off.
Anna's getting nervous.
Suddenly he looks at her reproachfully.
Suddenly we hear the strident ringing of a phone.
The DEAFENING NOISE of schoolchildren.
A SECURITY GUARD runs across talking into a walkie-talkie.
Wavering.
Pulls the shutter across the window plunging the room into darkness.
The once airy sunlit rooms are darker now.
More ominous.
Suddenly Eliot looks up sharply.
We see the fear in the Young Man's eyes.
Suddenly we hear a FAINT RUSTLING sound.
Stunned.
Suddenly a SHADOW falls over Eliot.
The grave terrifies him.
Suddenly realizing.
Anna approaches her mother's house.
Casting eerie shadows against the dark house.
Menacing.
Vulnerable.
After a while he suddenly gets up and heads towards the door.
Suddenly he looks alarmed.
Suddenly the screwdriver slips.
Anna's eyes SNAP OPEN in terror.
Blackness.
The dark cemetery.
Suddenly a CROW rises noisily into the air.
Paul shivers.
He doesn't notice the candles on Anna's grave behind him suddenly BLOW OUT.
Apprehensive.
Stunned.
Looks blankly at the blood on his fingertips.
Suddenly we hear a SHARP METALLIC SOUND.
We see the growing anxiety in Paul's eyes.
I just worry about you is all.
She's got enough to worry about...
Half-lidded eyes.
Crazy.
That was his line!
You've been avoiding me.
That sounded weird.
Oh God, baby, you're so much like me it's scary.
I'm worried you have AIDS.
She stops.
Nasty.
But she's your soulmate?
Vulnerable and nervous.
He's a very strange boy, isn't he? I'll be honest: he scares the shit out of me.
I missed you, too.
She's an alcoholic!
KATE SCREAMS in horror.
MORE GASPS.
(weakly, to himself.)
I'm your soulmate.
Suddenly, he looks very alone at his usual table.
He shakes it off, stands, and approaches the table of a group of nearby WOMEN.
SLAM!
It's infectious.
He looks terrified.
Suddenly, he catches himself.
He suddenly seems very alone.
A long, scary, beat.
Gotta go.
It's frightening.
Jessica is the one BLARING THE HORN, crying and panicked.
What the hell are you doing here?
What the hell are you doing here?
SLAM!
The women and children watch the battle in horror.
Stops there.
I'll kill you.
shocked.
I'll see you at graduation.
He's been broken.
I'm terrified of what's going to become of him once he hits puberty.
He rides stiffly; always slightly in pain...  Pike is a not unhandsome, leather-faced man in his early forties.
A thoughtful, self-educated top gun with a penchant for violence who is afraid of nothing - except the.
Lyle and Tector are big, tough, hot tempered and sudden.
(baiting him.)
(as she stops.)
KICKS THE terrified paymaster out into the street.
The marchers are frozen for a brief instant, then scatter in terror as: THE ROOF.
through the' screaming, terrified marchers.
A WOMAN, 'BLIND WITH TERROR, SPINS TO THE GROUND as she runs into Pike I s horse as it slides to: a halt as Pike a turns to help Dutch.
A TERRIFIED CHILD STANDS and holds its ears, screaming as the horses thunder past.
Without the railroad this place would still be a lousy little pueblo, so don't make any threats to me; (topping him.)
(joining him again; worried.)
flips the knife into the ground, faces the brothers.
EXPRESSION TURNS serious and a gun is suddenly in his hand covering the big outlaw.
136- MOST OF THE BOUNTY HUNTERS ARE ASLEEP, only'Thornton and Cof - fer are awake.
That toothless old wreck was a real gun about twenty years back -- used to run with Thornton and me killed his share and more -- around ----Langery -- Ambushed stages all along that old board highway.,.He had those Swede immigrants so scared theyQd starve rather than go to town and by beans for their kids, and there wasn't a sheriff in. the territory to take issue -- He laughs, drinks the coffee and gags..
kill you.
He is anxious to make a. statement and he speaks to him as he walks around the car.
He takes it, suddenly both are laughing.
Suddenly Pike embraces her and pulls her to the bed.
The other guard panics and scrambles back over the crates.
CROSSES IT AND SUDDENLY the wheels lock.
315 THORNTON FORCES his terrified animal across the tottering he can see: 316 THE CAVALRY DISMOUNTING AND CONTINUING to fire.
(beginning to panic as the firing grows We must go: (shouting towards the mountain in The next time I will.
prods.
guns.and
SUDDENLY TO AN OWL.'S CALL.
then suddenly: 385 A PEASANTS DRESSED IN WHITE is standing near the thicket.
(his gun out, still hidden in the shadows.)
-(Then kill him!.)
We could have used a fear of them in San Rafael.. (calling.).
After a moment the noise of firingareaches them.
His leg is dark with dried blood and he's weak.
suddenly he calms.
whirls as: .492
but still on their feet still are blasting away at them from the middle of the room, then Tector, laughing, picks up. the screaming, terrified Chita and, rushes the crowd, using the woman for a shield.
As the bounty hunters approach and the-.bird
Ramius shivers.
Suddenly, there's not a lot of Lave on the bridge: h t ally put the land behind us and be on our way.
plane in the middle of the night?
He was Captain on an attack boat.
breathe a cm1 eotive sigh of relief.
Freaked, Loginov watches them go.
All eyes are riveted on him : it is politicians who have crippled our armed forces while talking incessantly of peace.
Suddenly, more light appears, distorted by a sudden rush of water. in the Dalla' sonar shack, working his computer.
Suddenly, Jones frowns.
Captain, I am concerned that - I Care little for your concerns, Comrade.
Suddenly, MORE PROPELLERS: Jeez.
At the door nervous, twenties, Asiatic, locks a dead bait, securing the wardroom.
Visibly shaken, Stadnyuk waves his hands: Captain?
Dismissed!
Rain POUNDS his FACE.
What are you gonna do with the boat?
Why don't you rack out fear a while.
When you shook hands with him, you notice the ring on his finger,, Chuck?
Bad.
- (beat.),
bulkheads shake.
caterpiar assembly is rising to dangerous levels..
Frightened, Petrov, stares at Ramb, The Captain's indomitable.
Arm. the weapons.
At his quartermaster station, Stadnyuk is paralyzed with fear. of the Foxtrot, Amalrioa wipes his brow, continuing to work his I have a confirmed and localized target.
I am ready to shift aircraft control to computer for weapons firing.
Tanks flooding, Red October dives into the abyss.. Beyond, in the clammering dark, the torpedo hurtles relentlessly forward, death on wheels. of the Foxtrot, Amalrk listens to the torpedo: Weapon has locked onto target and is homing.
TRANSIENT ocean NOISE on SPEAKERS.
Where is your phantom Russian sub, Jonesy?
at fire control, Mancuso is suddenly alert.
I'm afraid there's been a pew development.
HOWLING.
Hang on.
panic, Ryan glances down.
BLITZED, Mancuso is KNOCKED hard to his KNEES.
you injured!?
operating as before.
Weapons are armed.
be attacked.
black as night, reverberating with eerie nightmares.
We don't want to panic the crew.
Suddenly, the valve CRACKS.
Crew members are panicking.
Frightened to death, shivering sailors in life preservers line up to leave.
I protest!
Suddenly, it BULGES.
Petrov watches in horror as a huge concave impression vents below the helicopter.
Nervous, Borodin drags out a cigarette and lights it.
Men shake hands.
He's shooting again.
CRASH.
in the Conn, cars crawl from hiding.
He dies.
T11 shake him loose. in a passageway outside a door to the missile compartment, Ramius and Ryan hug the bulkhead: He'll break into a panel and short -circuit the wiring on a missile.
To the right, the Konovalov shimmers in the dark.
Emergency blow !
For a moment, Ryan's paralyzed, a rabbit before a cobra.
He's shooting again.
Is Ong re-attack.
in shock, the Russian crew gapes at the explosion.
I can only stress that if you'd come to us earlier, it might have been avcdded.
A LITTLE GIRL, fast asleep.
She DREAMS...  Eyelids closed, eyes roving beneath... then suddenly they SNAP open.
Blackness.
Guarded.
Sam looks up, face etched in sudden TERROR.
Thrashing.
Shower of glass, spritz of blood...
Scene from a nightmare.
Nightmare part two: from the snow, from the human-shaped divot -- arises a woman of blood.
Laid up now in an austere hospital room.
Knife flurries.
The knife, quivering.
He slams home the knife.
Withdraws the knife.
Suddenly Samantha's right in her face: Eyes cold and lifeless.
An electric silence...  Broken quite suddenly by the sound of SINGING.
Top of the stairs, paralyzed.
On the ground.
SKIDS.
Winded.
Trembling.
In shock.
Henessey spins, as FOUR POLICE CRUISERS pull up.
Hides it.
She lights a cigarette, shakes out the match and says: Now Henessey shivers.
She fires.
He drops.
Presses her head to his chest.
The bartender suddenly puts a BEER in front of her.
Stops.
Shatters him.
His SCREAMING VISAGE goes by an inch from Samantha, he coughs blood onto her window...  Timothy, on the move.
Approaching the crashed car.
Alcohol.
Busted.
A RATCHETING noise, drawing closer, hmmm... ?
She checks over her shoulder, nervous.
She spins, scream caught in her throat -- as ARMED MEN rush from the house.
He spins and flees.
He fires.
Fighting panic: He hits the button.
Struggling.
In a flood.
Darkness.
Stops.
She hangs there.
He HOWLS.
Chest swathed in bandages, what the hell... ?
Shakes out the match, speaks without looking at her: She turns to him, a gleam in her eye.
We hear it, then.
and FIRES.
Above the hood.
Kills him.
He hangs up.
Armed men.
In goes the knife.
He burbles blood.
Drops.
Before he hits, Charly's already switched from knife to gun and moved on.
Possessed.
Suddenly Charly's eyes go wide.
A POCK-FACED AGENT approaches briskly, RIFLE across his shoulder.
RAISES IT HIGH -- One terrifying moment, is she gonna put it in the kid... ?
Cradles Caitlin to her chest, gently strokes her hair...
Poised to hurl the KNIFE.
Frightened.
Haunted.
Trained on his chest.
Takes one high in the chest, SPINS him... !
Cripples it.
In big trouble.
Poor little Caitlin huddles in the dark.
CRACK--!
His concentration never falters as he says: He LUNGES with the knife, she spins away -- He gets hold of one arm and FLINGS her, up and over... !
Rips the knife from her own shoulder and flings it.
Looks down at herself, oh, God...  There's a hole in her chest.
Fires.
Frenzied.
Looking small and terrified.
Swell.
Ruthless.
Wind, biting cold.
Blows out the BACK in a shower of glass and hurtles onward, SPINNING out of control...  Strikes the tanker.
Perkins' eyes WIDEN in sudden realization.
Ten feet away, the knife quivers.. Blinds closed.
Parrott nervous.
You knock the cover off that ball.
It's chicken.
Smith breathes a sigh of relief...
SPIDER JORGENSEN.
They shake hands.
Mr. Rickey was afraid you wouldn't leave, that you would fight.
Spider Jorgensen settles in the batter's box.
(a dangerous beat.)
Worry those pitchers so they come apart.
Put the natural fear of God into them.
But if Jackie does come up to the Dodgers, the biggest threat to his success, the one enemy most likely to ruin that success, is the Negro people themselves!
It's still dark out.
Is that what you're you afraid of?
A glum silence in the car until...
(after a beat.)
Thinking gets me scared.
You still scared, Pee Wee? (looks down street.)
Jack nods, unbuttoning his shirt...  Stanky is suddenly there.
CRACK!
CRACK.
I'm just young and scared and amazed at how brave you are.
Suddenly, ALICE the baby-sitter is there.
Threatening.
Jack looks up to see Rickey standing there, watching, afraid to get too much closer.
To hell with this.
In the wilderness.
He is in pain.
I'm going in that Phillie dugout tomorrow and wring Chapman's neck!
Now all of a sudden you're worrying about him.
Crack.
Watch yourself.
They're taking a threat in Cincinnati pretty seriously.
Spider Jorgensen at third.
cut through.
You're leading us and you're afraid to take a shower?
Shakes off one sign, then nods at the next.
What are you afraid of?
Take this as your first warning.
Fear grips his face as he looks over at the Man, who is now upright and awake.
He looks down and sees the tip of protruding from his chest.
He stares up into the crowd's fearful faces, then staggers to his feet and takes off running.
Time has transformed them into raised, snake-smooth scars.
Did anybody else see this? OFF Daniel's panicked nod...  skitters across the ceiling, its glossy black eyes watch as Daniel frantically stuffs his clothes into a duffel bag.
I got the first scar when I was eight.
His finger traces the lines of the other two scars.
It's been so long since the last scar.
You got lulled into a false sense of security.
I feel your pain.
Suddenly, the light in the bedroom buzzes back on.
You got a warning shot.
It was an accident.
John tries to stand, but is suddenly overcome with a wave of pain.
It's an anxious, urgent BARK.
Suddenly, the door opens.
John looks at him, confusion and fear etched on his face.
I need to get you out of here.
I was beginning to fear yours would never emerge.
I didn't want to worry you.
Its oceans are dark with pollution and its sprawling continents are barren and treeless.
Sorry, buddy, you couldn't keep up.
John bends to tighten his laces, his eyes fall on the trio of scars branded on his ankle.
OFF John, unmoved by the threat...
The house detonates.
Insane.
AN OLD MAN hustles A TERRIFIED BOY through the murderous bombardment.
The angular hulls of the craft are scarred from galactic battles new and ancient and unleash an endless crisscrossing FRENZY OF MISSILES.
Young John watches in awed terror as the Cloaked Figure steps towards him and pulls back his hood.
suddenly swoops between them.
It's hopeless.
I'll hang with you.
Sarah freaks as the arachnids dangle over their heads on wires.
She rubs her hair, flustered, looks over at John, who is coolly amused by the cheap scares.
None of this scares you, does it?
Are you crazy!
She motions to the cut above his eye, concerned.
They attacked me.
The conversation is suddenly interrupted by the repetitive WHINE OF AN ALARM.
John's chest pounds with fear as he realizes...  That's Sand Dollar Beach.
He sits bolt-upright, gripped with dread.
There's no sign of Sam until he Boo Radley's out of the shadows behind him.
Watching.
They hang there.
They died.
Suddenly on edge, John redials.
John jerks the phone from his ear and stares at it, panicked.
John pulls up his khakis, shows Sam the trio of scars.
Death scars.
We need to get to Warsaw -- now.
Suddenly, John's cell phone RINGS.
The pickup crawls to a stop in the shadows across the street.
But as John reaches for the door handle, the kitchen light suddenly turns on and a MAN enters.
Fear bites as John scans the lifeless gloom, not sure where to start.
His breath catches in his throat.
As his eyes adjust to the dark, he notices a rectangle of light faintly leaking from the door that leads down into...
Suddenly, John's phone VIBRATES.
Frank nods in terror.
Sam looks up the street, panicked, as climbs out of a black SUV and storms towards them.
Frank looks at the Commander in terror.
A gnarled scar runs down his right cheek, identifying him as the same Mogadorian Henri wounded in the escape from Lorien.
Frank watches in confused terror as the Commander holds one of the meditation balls.
Terrified Teens scramble.
He's too scared to come out!
ANGLE ON SARAH as she stares at the burning chasm in terror and grips Dozer tighter.
John and Sarah kneel in the shadows, then FLY BACKWARDS up through the window and INTO the burning house.
A DEPUTY approaches Mark, who is standing by a police cruiser.
Is this about the fire?
It was an accident.
He poses a great threat to us.
John's not at the house.
Sarah's phone suddenly RINGS, startling them.
Fear registers in John's eyes as he realizes...  Too late... they're here.
He backs away in fearful realization.
John turns and watches in horror as the Mogadorian Commander and a trio of Mogadorian Soldiers sweeps into view.
The Commander is holding He is ashen with fear.
Mark shakes it.
The doors fly open, spring out of the dark.
As it springboards into the air...  ANGLE ON JOHN'S HANDS -- as they suddenly clench.
ANGLE ON JOHN -- as the Piken's shadow washes across him.
Her breath catches in her throat.
I'm not putting you in danger again.
Suddenly he gasps and falls to the ground, his body convulsing uncontrollably.
The MEN watch, horrified, as FRANK's terror escalates beyond reason into all- out panic.
Suddenly FRANK begins howling.
PAUL panics and jumps to his feet, leaving JACOB alone with FRANK.
Suddenly PAUL flips out.
The dark tunnel walls flash by.
He struggles with it.
The WOMAN seems frightened as he approaches her.
There is a fearful expression on her face as the train carries her back into the dark tunnel, out of his sight.
In near panic JACOB jumps across the track as the train spins by.
For a moment JACOB is afraid to move but slowly regains his composure.
He gasps.
A THIRD MAN spins out of the shadows, pointing a kinfe at JACOB's throat.
A light suddenly goes on.
A DENSE RAIN falls on a dark night filling puddles of water.
Suddenly a flashlight beam can be seen in the distance.
Suddenly JEZZIE enters.
Suddenly he stops.
Suddenly he stops and stares at a yellowing snapshot.
Instantly a terrifying figure pops out from beneath it and stares at him with a frightening glare.
Suddenly a hamburger passes by.
Her head is propped up on her right arm while her left hand strokes the bayonet scar on JACOB's stomach.
Suddenly a drop of blood forms and falls onto the formica table top.
Suddenly the vasuum cleaner goes off.
Suddenly a voice calls out.
What begins as a playful expression on her face turns suddenly serious.
Then, suddenly, he recoils.
We cannot make out what it is, but it elicits a primal terror.
CUT TO JACOB's face as it registers terror and disbelief.
His chest is heaving and he is grabbing hold of his stomach.
Hie face is frightened and distorted.
Suddenly JACOB breaks out in a dense sweat and begins shaking.
JEZZIE is on the phone to the doctor in the next room.
Suddenly JEZZIE rushes through the BEDROOM and into the BATHROOM.
JACOB rubs his foot vigorously to get rid of the sting and stares at the water, afraid of its pain.
Suddenly he sits up and looks over at the window.
Cold air is blowing in and he is shivering.
Suddenly another voice pipes in from the top bunk.
He pulls the blankets up to his neck.
Suddenly a strange sound can be heard in the distance, a metallic humming, growing louder.
It grows larger and darker as the CAMERA approaches.
Suddenly the stretcher begins spinning, out of control.
Suddenly she is aware that JACOB is watching her.
Suddenly a crashing sound catches JACOB's attention as a KITCHEN POT flies by his head.
Suddenly the telephone rings.
It startles them.
JACOB's face grows suddenly tense.
PAUL cannot contain his fear.
He jumps up suddenly and walks away from the booth.
They drive in silence.
Suddenly JEZZIE roars like a monster and scares JACOB half to death.
After a couple of false starts, JACOB lets go and GABE is riding by himself.
Frightened but defiant, JACOB moves toward the mirror.
JACOB, panicked, tries again to get up but to no effect.
Dark eyes peer out in horror.
As he rounds the corner he sees a figure, its head vibrating in endless terror.
He screams.
Suddenly a new group of "DOCTORS" emerges from the shadows.
JACOB is panting and sweating in fear.
He gasps with horror.
As he turns, we notice with horror that he has no eyes or eye sockets.
Suddenly a fluorescent light flashes overhead.
Suddenly JACOB freezes.
The eyes of the crowd turn to fear.
PEOPLE panic.
JACOB, surprisingly untouched by the fire, walks slowly through the frightened crowds, as if in a daze.
JACOB is beginning to shake.
JACOB shakes his head no.
JACOB is shivering.
He's frightened.
He stares in horror as DEMONIC FORMS attempt to surge through the rupture above him.
Body parts fall from the ceiling like a Devil's rain.
Flashes of light and dark storm over JACOB's head, thundering like a war in the heavens.
While stroking JEZZIE's hair he begins to fall asleep.
Suddenly the tissue falls to the floor.
Suddenly JACOB turns and dashes into the street.
Rain is beginning to fall.
JACOB is nervous.
Glimpsed almost in abstraction it is a living terror, dark and undefinable.
Its voice is an unspeakable demonic cry, the essence of fear and suffering.
He is rooted in fear.
Terrified, he looks heavenward, as if crying for help.
Suddenly, from the noise, a calm voice rises, speaking, as if from a distance.
NEw and more terrifying noises assault JACOB, attempting to drive him back, but he will not be stopped.
JACOB, terrified, but unrelenting, continues to approach it.
Suddenly a terrible voice emerges from within it.
Suddenly the music stops.
JACOB, overcome, sits down on the stiars.
Then suddenly GABE steps back out of the light and takes his father's hand once more.
Suddenly JACOB looks at STERN.
--- --- Suddenly a strange and terrifying spectacle unfolds before him.
CUT TO JACOB's face as it registers terror and disbelief.
Suddenly the telephone rings.
--- --- THE BEDROOM is dark.
The room is dark, lit only by a reading light.
The DEMON's arm slowly extends from the plane of the wall and reaches into the room.
He is huge, covered in flames and skulls, a living horror.
His face is white with fear.
Suddenly JEZZIE appears, the light from the BEDROOM flooding the paneled wall.
His eyes fixate on the EMERGENCY ROOM WALL.
Suddenly, out of the meancing shadows, a contingent of DEMONS emerges.
JACOB is panting and sweating with fear.
Suddenly the door swings open.
Suddenly the cracks begin to move.
He stares in horror as DEMONIC FORMS attempt to surge through the rupture above him.
Body parts fall from the ceiling like a Devil's rain.
Flashes of light and dark storm over JACOB's head, thundering like a war in the heavens.
Suddenly MICHAEL steps off the ground.
The bite draws blood.
Blood is running down his chest.
JACOB is nervous.
JACOB watches in horror as her skull gives birth to pointed horns.
Suddenly the pictures on the wall crash to the floor.
Suddenly JEZZIE reaches for her tongue and pulls at it with all her might.
With each yank the horror grows as JEZZIE literally pulls herself inside out before JACOB's eyes.
A sudden cracking sound emerges from the DEMON's back.
He has gone beyond fear.
Suddenly he explodes.
With a power and energy of devastating force he attacks the DEMON.
So massive is the INSECT's attack.
Suddenly JACOB's body shoots straight up.
He is horrified when he sees it.
JACOB stares at it with growing terror.
Suddenly, with shocking impact, JACOB's eyes move.
JACOB stares at him through dark eyes with a mixture of awe and disbelief.
His lungs expand and suddenly all the old flesh bursts from his body as a radiant being of light breaks through beneath it.
Suddenly, as if transported by light itself, he feels himself floating up into the air.
Reduced by altitude to abstractions: river deltas, forests and flood plains.
Two of them are cloaked in dark robes of strange design.
The scarabs swarm his shoulders, his chest.
Engulfed.
Her voice is husky: A second excavator glides out of the dark.
Suddenly she stops.
He's distracted by her body, pressed so close - but she has eyes only for the inscrutable writing outside the glass.
They're still at it.
A beat.
Stifles it.
Pale.
Watts hunches over, shivering.
Interview's over.
That thought sends a nervous shiver through the others.
A dark knife-like aperture leads into the pyramid.
Dark and cavernous.
They move on into the dark.
A STRANGE RUMBLING NOISE sounds down the corridor, freezing them.
A beat.
Seeing Holloway stand his ground, she reaches out to him in a panic.
The rainfall stops as suddenly as it started.
They bumble through the dark.
The storm wall catches up to them.
Milburn and Fifield grope their way through the dark with flashlights.
Fifield pulls out a utility knife.
Fifield is delirious with horror.
He seizes.
Runs into the dark.
Fifield freaks out, clawing at his helmet.
Virulent strands of protein attack the native DNA, transforming...
They are scarred and crew-cut.
A soldier, VIGODA, waits there: a slim dark man with an air of calm.
Watts approaches the holography terminal, staring at the images in horror.
A GHOST appears right in front of him - a giant dragging himself across the floor, his monstrous visage eye to eye with Holloway and looming closer.
Searching, Watts walks anxiously through the dark, sweeping with her light.
DAVID steps out of the dark.
DAVID and Watts move through the dark.
He's frightened.
Sitting atop Holloway, Watts lays a hand on his chest.
Fear under the surface.
Suddenly Holloway tenses, muscles rigid.
Shuddering.
Tendons standing out of his throat.
In the middle of Holloway's chest, beneath the sternum, a grotesque head pushes out through the skin.
A PARASITE.
It HISSES at her.
Watts shrieks in horror.
Inside the helmet, Fifield's head is a horror: a gelatinous mass, skin reduced to putty.
The quiet threat is unmistakable.
HOLLOWAY stenciled on the chest.
She walks on - The voice transfixes her where she stands, a look of holy dread on her face.
Shivering, she prowls toward the sound.
Watts stares, paralyzed.
Terror.
Panting with the horror of what she's seen.
Jumpy now.
Contempt.
There's an edge in his voice that scares her.
Armored, hardened, darker.
Grips her against his chest like a doll with one arm.
This is not the boneless squid that attacked Holloway; this is a pale skeletal hand, armored.
For a moment the grander horror eclipses her own peril.
Vigoda, panicking, fires a wild burst.
Gasping.
Her face fills with horror.
Watts struggles up to her knees, drenched in sweat and shaking.
Its needle-toothed maw snarls through a fountain of blood.
In shock.
A nightmare list scrolls across the pod's screen: Manipulators plunge lines into her veins - recharging her body with artificial blood.
She stares at the dead man in a fog of horror.
It becomes a devil with an lethal, elongated skull.
An Alien.
Staring in horror.
The pod sprays a liquid bandage over her scar.
The Med Pod pulls the epidural needle out of her spine.
She crawls to Vigoda's desecrated body.
One hand laid over the fantastic scar on her abdomen.
Dark events have transformed the Magellan.
Stillwell gasps in horror.
Glasse seals a nervous-looking Vickers into a vacuum suit.
The war party abandons its rover at the foot of the ramp and moves inside, weapons ready.
They emerge from the airlock - and freeze in horror.
It drops on him.
Vickers clings to Shepherd's arm, hyperventilating with fear.
Shepherd shakes her off.
The humans back off, terrified.
Vickers is beside herself with terror.
His body staggers a few steps, hands groping over its dripping neck.
In the dark ribbed corridor, a second Alien crouches in the dark.
Pounding through the dark in blind terror.
Dying.
Watts's eyes widen in horror.
He dies.
His right arm is paralyzed by the bite.
The storm catches up to them: wind and dust reducing visibility to zero.
Darkness.
An ALIEN erupts from his chest.
Dark gray, armored, lethal.
She PUNCHES OUT.
Slowing.
With a sob of terror she pulls herself to her feet and runs.
Watts flees through the storm, across the burning debris field.
In a strobe-light flicker of lightning, she sees a gray demon approaching through the wreckage.
Watts is paralyzed.
Ravening.
Burnt money showers on the terrified customers.
Outside the windowed partition POLICE OFFICERS interview frightened customers.
Grins suddenly.
Suddenly, he jumps up onto his desk, gets down in a speed-crouch, arms extended.
The night security GUARD walks in.
Johnny dead asleep.
His eyes read panic.
His chest is convulsing, needing air now.
He is choking, coughing, slapping fatigued arms against the surf, panic registering in his movements.
Suddenly, he drops OUT OF FRAME.
He feels the bite as the wave picks up his board and starts down the wall.
He flies off again.
Rain pelts their faces.
Suddenly a football whistles through the air above Utah's head.
He watches as-- The Bodhisattva, board under arm, walking out of the whitewater, makes a one-handed chest catch.
She whirls.
Utah squashes, then inspects the mysterious creepy-crawler hidden in his palm.
Breaks into a run, massive legs pistoning.
Archbold shakes his and opens it in Warchild's face.
She gets up suddenly and walks away from the group.
Johnny feels the challenge.
A ghost moving off into the silvery distance.
Black and terrifying.
A slow grin spreads itself across his face.
Scared and vicious, like a cornered dog.
PAPPAS is on one knee, his piece drawn fast, holding Fiberglass in a neck-lock with one massive arm.
Bunker, wild-eyed and bleeding, is on his knees in the bathroom doorway.
FIRES.
Suddenly a pink freight-train hits him.
The Polyester Neighbor stands paralyzed as the two crazed figures careen toward him.
It stops.
FIRES AGAIN.
She stares at him, becoming fragile suddenly.
UTAH asleep, flopped in a spread-eagled X. WE HEAR the bedroom door opening, see a slash of light fall across the bed.
A shadow appears on the wall, moving toward him.
He stumbles.
UTAH asleep, telephone still perched on his bare chest.
Thunder rolls across the dark hills.
Russian surfer freefall roulette.
Falling face down, knees bent, they angle their hands and feet minutely to move laterally.
Despite his terror, Johnny has to grin at Nathaniel, falling butt first like he's sitting on a big inner tube in the pool.
Utah is suddenly aware of the earth rushing up at him.
He has his switchblade up to her throat.
Fear has them both hyper-aware.
ECU GUARD'S EYES, wide with terror.
Two in the chest.
Grommet clutches his throat as blood streams over his fingers.
The Casull comes up in a slow, deliberate arc as-- THE COP turns, terrified now, whipping his gun around, nightmarishly slow as-- BODHI COCKS THE CASULL in dream-time and-- KABOOOOM!!!
A gout of hamburger explodes out of the cop's chest.
Beneath LBJ's stony countenance a river of blood flows down Grommet's chest.
Revealing a terrified kid.
A paste-white frightened kid.
Though he can't hear what's going on.
He FIRES.
BOOM!!  Pappas' chest EXPLODES with a spray of blood!
His breath is sucking through a bloody hole in his chest as well as the customary breathing orifices.
As close to the earth as the terrified pilot will take it.
His eyes burn.
Necks move, hands move, legs move.
Her eyes adjust to the dark room.
Bodhi stares with glittering eyes at the heaving ocean before him, face splitting into that feral, death's head grin.
He stops.
A little further on, two dogs are fighting, circling, attacking, their coats matted with blood.
Somerset's face relaxes slightly as he begins to fall asleep.
The second thug moves from the side, brings out a knife.
The second thug stumbles back, drops the knife, his nose squirting blood.
Somerset lies asleep on the bed.
It is still dark outside.
Somerset awakens suddenly, rankled.
A dark hall.
The strange man suddenly stops humming and looks into the store with a crooked grin.
A light comes on in the other room, leaking through the door.
There's a carving knife on the carpet in the middle of a huge stain of blood under the chair.
He looks worried, vaguely frightened.
Somerset shakes his head "no."
He's nervous, looking at the porno palaces.
Somerset can see it is a sore subject.
Big silence.
He is shaken himself, not wanting to put her through this.
He is shaken himself, not wanting to put her through this.
Tracy is asleep with lights on.
California jerks back in fear, shouting, falling over a chair.
They see California on the ground, scared out of his mind, pointing.
The room is dark.
Tiny spiders crawl across his eyes, which look down on Somerset.
It shows a modern city street, stylized, dark.
Buildings are burning, blood is being spilled.
FOLLOW the dark car.
It's the first time we see it in Mills' eyes -- real fear.
Mills moves from his apartment, gun out, into the dark hallway.
A thick scar runs down his forehead to his bent nose.
Wild Bill scratches his scar.
It's a madhouse outside The Hot House.
The ROCK MUSIC from outside SUDDENLY STOPS.
Somerset closes his eyes and walks to face a wall, shaken.
He backs away, leans against the wall, watching, feeling sick.
Tracy is asleep in the bed.
He clears his throat, looking like there is something very wrong.
Mark Swarr addresses them all, seems nervous, but in control.
They shake on it.
The street is full of shadows as the sun is falling low.
It's getting dark.
It is pitch dark.
He points his gun in front of him, fearful.
Somerset looks fearful.
He starts approaching again.
Somerset holds his chest, blinking, trying not to black out.
He begins to swing his feet slightly, his body swaying.
Somerset's shaking, unable to breathe, turning Mills over and cradling his head in his arms.
He waits for the bullets, falls to his knees.
Watching.
He stops himself.
It is frightened.
WILLIAM GJOVAAG, a sunburned, big-bellied, tattooed gill-netter, clamps on his damp cigar butt.
The Sheriff is worried.
A beat.
Stops.
Two dark figures, little more than silhouettes, measuring each other with their lethal bokken staffs.
CRASH!
His arms inches from the fearful clatter of the rollers.
Alerted.
Afraid and driven, he moves slowly to her face.
And watches it.
Rain POUNDING now.
Stops.
OLE JURGENSEN wobbles slightly in the witness box, hands resting on the cane planted unsteadily between his frail legs.
Liesel looks concerned.
Suddenly...  ...she stops.
There are GASPS.
Her dark eyes flicker.
But her eyes still stare off into the tangle of her worries.
He draws a breath...  His light tone against the fear...
She stops.
It's growing dark.
Watching him.
CLOSE on Hatsue at 18, staring with silent anger greater than her fear.
He is frightened.
It means there's nothing to be afraid of.
The silence hangs thick and frightening.
Her sisters are afraid for her.
The stern warning, the unrelenting judgement, has become a plea.
Watching each other.
Their faces inches apart, so that every word is a murmur...  He's never seen her this fragile, this scared.
And suddenly, he is OVER her, drawing her legs up around him... Her head tilts back, her eyes squeeze closed.
And watches.
As the shard of fear penetrates her daughter's mask.
And stops.
Ishmael and his platoon mates watch with adrenaline-fueled fear as amphibious tractors draw fire on the sand, one exploding in flame.
Men around him are shouting, cursing, jostling against each other, frightened out of their minds, as SHELLS POUND the ocean, horrify- ingly huge and near.
Suddenly their craft runs AGROUND on the hidden reef.
Concerned.
She arches her throat.
Suddenly, her eyes SNAP to meet Ishmael's in the mirror.
His eyes on the road now.
His heart pounds in his throat.
In the silence...  Feeling behind her eyes.
As he watches her.
And in the silence...  Anger flashes across her eyes.
Stops.
A beat.
And...  ...CRASH!
He stops.
Heedless of Carl's blood on the butt end.
Stops.
And stops once more.
And now.  he begins to pace, limping slightly, eyes down.
Slow.
He stops.
She arches her throat.
Blackness.
And stops.
He'll watch this with them now.
He stops.
Shake the tips free.
He's watching her.
s b m i l Over time the vampire threat faded.
The vampire menace quickly forgotten for other, more modern threats.
Shadows flicker across his sunburned face, the windmill looming above him.
This outpost.
We hear the Riders crawling over the outside of the house.
Snarling, howling, making terrifying sounds.
.but fear.
Malignant.
He hears a noise, looks up and sees a SILHOUETTE standing at the head of the alley.
(points the knife.)
Scared, the leader clutches the girl, pressing against the brick wall as Priest moves towards him.
And with that he RAISES the blade to the girl's throat -- WHOOSHI A sudden RUSH OF AIR.
Gawks at Priest, possibly more frightened of him than the workers.
Buzzing.
Priest peels off his shirt revealing a constellation of old battle scars -- Punctures.
On what grounds?
She's my blood, Monsignor.
What is greater than God-but more evil than the Devil?
The soup kitchen suddenly deathly quiet.
Priest looks around the room -- FAMILIES AND HOMELESS huddle at the surrounding tables, terrified.
The cycle knifes through the city.
We see a MASSIVE WALL -- A hundred feet high, surrounding the city.
Much shuffling amongst the people -- they trust in their sheriff but they're frightened.
Hick's knife FLIES across the room, PINNING the bullet to the wall.
How you with a gun?
CRYPTS.
Hearing a noise, Hicks turns, witnessing a horrible sight moving towards him About ten of them.
Makeshift weapons in their hands:.
Plugging him in the chest.
He hears a whistling noise as knifes through the air heading straight for him.
The sound of dark, mewling things.
Fangs.
Frightened beyond shit-all-belief -- Hicks FIRES wildly, chasing the creatures with his gunfire.
Then, suddenly, and'more disturbingly... ,s az g.
His guard's down.
The salesman starts to shake.
How's your arm?
(hiding it from him.)
It hangs there.
It looks abandoned.
From outside,.:the
downwards... too dark to tell where though.
A SHADOW brushes past the light, moving so fast it barely registers.
We linger on the image, the terror of the people, the viciousness of the creature.
He-lands beside her, the two turning to face down -- A fearsome creature -- much more terrifying than the Nightshade variety.
Suddenly the CREATURE'S BODY erupts into ablistering death spasm!
Only one way to find out...  Our group moving deeper into the dark cavern, a moan of wind echoing off the gorge wail behind them, massive black stalactites hanging overhead.
He works up his courage and approaches her.
She manages to carefully crawl from joist to joist, moving along the underside of the train, her body just centimeters from the passing track.
A PIANO sits nestled in the corner, she walks to it and runs her finger across the dust covered keys.
A sudden silence.
Suddenly -- Overtakes the train.
A fine catch yes? (the voice is oily, a dark She'd be dead if not for me... swallowed by the wasteland.
Ever so slightly, the metal finger SQUEEZES Lucy's throat, choking her.
He laughs, sounds like a death rattle, dropping the cigar to the floor, spurs chiming as he walks out the car door, long dark coat fluttering behind him, disappearing into the night.
Headlight crossbeams leading the way, their cycles navigate the twisty trail, cutting across sheer canyon walls, teetering on the brink of an abyss, rock slides a constant threat.
He stops.
He disappears into the darkness as we CUT BACK TO: Priest WAKING UP, breath catching in his throat.
You scared to die?_ No.
What in greater than God but more evil than the Devil?
Gearing up for another attack.
spider.
But Rune's a tough customer, he readies himself for another attack.
Dead.
A beat.
A BEAT as everyone holds their breath, wondering what's going to emerge -- SIX BLACK MOTORCYCLES (the same ones who kidnapped Lucy.) fly out from within the car!
Alone, Hicks takes a deep breath, looks at -- Who knows what horrors lie behind it?
BAMI He kicks the door in Sunlight bursts into the darkened chamber, but only reaching 4 so far, as if the sun itself were scared to enter.
Suddenly a FIGURE steps in front of him, blotting out the sun.
He stops.
Corrupt.
Merciless.
The two bodies COLLIDE w th Mic impact.
As they hit the final car, Priest flies across the roof catching the edge with his hand just before he goes over, his body dangling over the side.
Up close it's a real mechanical monster, black metal and heat fused into a superpowered nightmare.
Hicks pulls the knife out, blood flowering across his shirt as the vampires continue to PUMMEL the door behind, him.
Hicks listens, nervous.
That gets her attention, she looks at Hicks -- And she looks scared.
Watching.
She smiles weakly...  but Priest can see she's scared.
Hicks approaches, Lucy huddled in a blanket, shivering.
I'm afraid you're too late, Priest.
SLAMMING.into
God is here for youl He wants you to STOPI Stop and ask yourself a question And the people DO stop, looking to him, the panic leaving their eyes...  Ask yourselves -- Where am I going?
He turns to another guest and shake hands with him.
She hangs up.
The camera tilts slightly up and we see a painted inscription on the wall of the hotel that says HOTEL - APTS.
She doesn't stand up but moves slightly in a very suggestive way.
He walks away from the desk across the room.
She sits down on the steps that run across the room, separating it in two slightly different levels.
Close Up on the sink, and Vivian's hands been washed.
Edward looks worried.
Suddenly, she stands up and walks away.
She bends on his chest and starts kissing him on the chest, going down.
Medium full shot in the dark room.
Edward enters the room, wearing a dark-colored night-robe, and with a wireless telephone receiver stuck between his head and his shoulder.
Kit is asleep with a scarf spread on her head.
Kit sits up on her bed, suddenly worried.
They shake hands.
They shake hands.
She shakes hands with both men.
The guest is Vivian, and she looks a bit worried by what has been brought to her.
Vivian is asleep in bed.
Hollister looks worried.
Philip looks at Edward with a worried look.
Close Up shot on Edward's chest.
He shakes hands with Philip.
Vivian shakes hands with Philip, then with Elizabeth.
Vivian throws her hat and gloves on another table with a nervous movement.
Vivian, who seems a bit nervous, is holding Edward's arm very tightly.
He shakes hands with Doris' husband.
Edward, who, as we already know it, is afraid of heights, doesn't want to move any closer to the balustrade.
Reverse close shot on Edward asleep half-sitting in the bed.
Edward is asleep, holding Vivian is his arm.
She doesn't wear her large glasses, but she looks a bit worried.
Kits looks worried.
Then he shakes it.
CLUNK!
But I'm half-asleep and you're an ass-hole.
We gotta go.
Roxanne gasps, fearful, bracing herself.
(terror seizing him.)
Mr. Blaze --? Blaze turns, SEES a nervous DOCTOR standing behind him.
(off Rain's sullen shrug.)
The Bronco collides with Nomi's door again.
Glass shatters- Rain WAILS, terrified.
CRACK!
He begins to violently shake, his muscles twisting in unnatural contortions.
The hell was that?
The men glance at each other, nervous.
Evil.
Rain peeks out from the back, eyes bugging -- as the Ghost Rider dismounts, stalks through the rain towards them.
Carrigan panics, drags Rain out the passenger door.
The Ghost Rider looms over Fusco, extending a skeletal claw -- Oh God, please, I ain't nothing to do with nothin'.
Please, tugging Rain away from the horror, trying to ignore Fusco's terrible SCREAMS.
Nomi slips down into the gully, gasping with fear.
Pain.
This thing that's riding you, the Ghost Rider.
Dark, shadowy.
The Ghost Rider is Starke's weapon.
Carnivorous.
CRASH!
-- H-helen -- get -- a--away -- Petrowsky's eyes widen in horror.
The boy has fled.
We are low on the ground, tracking with the terrified Boy as he squirms his way beneath the cars.
He pauses, nervous.
Dead leaves blow.
We hear FOOTSTEPS approaching, muted and distorted, A SHADOW falls across Nomi -- stands above her.
Coyotes.
Beasts.
Nomi's face, terror-stricken.
He's suddenly engulfed in a heat haze.
Doyle backs away, terrified.
The SHRIEKS persist, and those burning leaves are everywhere.
Rodenburg draws a bead but it's Weingrod, pushing through the plastic sheeting, fearful, eyes darting.
Outside!
CRASH!
Pennebaker panics, pushing past Rodenburg.
The Ghost Rider is gone.
He SEES the corpses, the burning vehicles, tries to deny the horror.
He laughs tiredly, then looks away, lost, suddenly overcome with emotion.
shrugs on a shirt, approaches.
Rain rides shotgun.
Hey, kiddo, you're worrying my boy here.
He's referring to the scar under his eye.
The gun spins away from Carrigan, into Rain's hands.
She GASPS.
Rain attacking Odell.
Nomi tries to fall back into the shadows, but it's too late.
(wrinkling his noise.)
Rain drops from the Ghost Rider's arm, runs.
Panic-stricken Gargoyles try to start their bikes -- and the bikes detonate.
CRASH!
The pickup slews and grinds, finds purchase, leaps away from the monster as -- emerge from the building, burned but howling for blood, fueled by a lethal combination of stupidity and crystal mech.
The Ghost Rider easily gains on the truck, leaving a wake of burning asphalt.
Hot glass showers Nomi and Rain -- The Ghost Rider is pinned, SQUEALING, entangled with his bike.
The pickup thunders up a rise -- The Ghost Rider's skeletal fingers clamp Nomi's shoulder.
Nomi glances back through the shattered cab window, her face a mask of fear and sympathy.
They'll die if you do this!! !
And a frightened one at that.
He starts to shake.
He's nervous, cutting a deck of cards.
Rain sleeps.
CLUNK.
The SHADOW of Starke falling over her.
She shakes Rain awake.
The child looks up, SEES the terror in her mother's face.
terrified, backing into the far corner of his cell.
-- the choices we make, the people whose paths we cross -- She stands, casts a fearful look to at Nomi, then runs off into the stormy night.
He moves forward, melting the cell bars, stepping into -- The prisoners are frantic, leaping about like frightened lab animals.
fingering the trigger of the gun, edging closer to the unknown, the terrors that the afterlife holds for him.
Big, melancholy eyes.
JOE RHYMER, 50s, approaches, silences Tolbein with a look.
You hungry, Rain?
And overruled.
She's dead.
He bows his head, studies the coin, turning it over in his shaking fingers.
SCREAMS.
This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light -- " Blaze rides like the wind along a snaking road, away from the storm clouds churning behind him.
What is this?! misses his throat -- Rhymer rushes in.
Viscott starts praying.
The men are terrified, SHOUTING at each other.
Rain is terrified.
Rhymer steps in front of Rain, levels his shotgun at Tolbein's chest.
Tolbein grabs Rain, drags her SCREAMING to the door.
SCREECH!
The jaw-beasts attack.
Three dozen horrors pouncing and GNASHING.
He falls back through a doorway, onto -- And still, they attack.
He stumbles on the steps, falls to his knees.
The SHOCKWAVE shakes the room.
Ghost Blaze stumbles, falls -- WHAM! Scarecrow grabs Ghost Blaze's neck.
Suddenly Scarecrow finds himself at the heart of a back- drafting firestorm, a sustained implosion feeding straight into Ghost Blaze.
And he DETONATES.
stares, paralyzed by fear -- The driver's door opens.
And nighttime holds far darker terrors than death.
He sits with his face in his hands, waking up.
How's the drop?
Warning lights flash.
Suddenly, the Bubbleship SURGES with power.
The fuel-cell has been taken.
Jack's got an arm and half his chest inside.
You got nothing to be scared of, buddy...
The dog suddenly SCURRIES away into the dark BEHIND JACK, a HUGE FORM RISES.
What the hell was that?
Again, the FUEL CELL is missing.
Victoria, worried.
Suddenly becoming: THE NEW YORK SKYLINE, seen through a cheap telescope.
It's no small wound but they're less concerned than we would be.
Suddenly a panel "blips" on.
Hear me out.
SCREAMING!
A FUEL EXPLOSION plumes into the dark sky.
Go away!
ON JACK, chest heaving...
She's suddenly violently ill again.
He's stunned.
She stares at her, almost afraid.
They stare at each other, each obscurely frightened.
We should be afraid, very afraid, that something is wrong with it.
She starts to adjust it, stops.
She grabs blankets and pulls them around herself, her back to him, her eyes open, scared.
Victoria's still asleep next to him.
She says we can't go down there, that it's too dangerous.
They shake.
Julia is STARING down, a little afraid, but darkly fascinated...  Victoria's voice cuts through on the Comm.
They fly in silence.
Terrifying and close.
His eyes adjusting, he squints into the dark.
Dark silhouette again.
Beech's face is lined with age and exposure, his skin scarred from battle.
At the front, a strong battle-scared Scav, SYKES, hovers on the edge of violence.
She has been crying, sick with worry.
He's disappeared.
A beat.
.still
The bomb...
Jack shakes his head no.
It attacked us.
You're insane.
This is insane.
Beat.
Beat.
He turns at her so fast she's afraid and steps back but he blows right by her, into Jack enters Victoria's station.
Beech watches Sykes supervise the final lashing of the BOMB onto a sled.
CRACKS spider-web across it.
Suddenly the two vessels are LOCKED.
Standing, watching the two clones fight...  she suddenly drops to her knees, her hand on her side.
Blood seeps between her fingers.
You have to understand... Jack 2 throws Jack, leaps on top of him, trying to throttle him, in a full panic.
The blood seeping between her fingers...  JACK runs to her as she begins to fall.
Don't She lurches away from him, body running on fear and adrenaline.
Jack nods, accepting her terror of him.
She watches him.
Scared of himself, ashamed in front of her...
(coughing up blood.)
Suddenly, she's very scared.
Fighting back panic.
Trembling, crying, afraid...  Jack...
And she falls asleep.
Did I mention we're still really far away?
The dark shadow of the Tet crossing over him, blacking out everything.
It's okay Bob, I'm scared too.
He opens the pod, revealing... -- BEECH'S BODY, and on his chest the raw BOMB.
The nuclear warhead from the odyssey surrounded by ten Deuterium fuel cells.
He's really scared.
The steel door closes on four scared pair of eyes.
And blackness.
Raw, nervous energy: like a kid who can't stay still.
A building is burning out of control.
The cops have thrown a block across the street and are shinning their lights in the cars as they creep through.
She looks lost and without hope, in fear of her life.
She is terrified to turn.
Panting with fear and exertion she clears the turnstiles like a hurdler.
A figure moves stealthily from the shadows and approached Lenny's car: Iris, hair dyed black now, wearing jeans and a coat but still showing scars from last night's pursuit.
IRIS."
And when the cruiser passes, she slumps to the ground, crying, afraid to move.
A sudden FLASH OF LIGHT.
The privacy divider rises suddenly, pinning Lenny to the ceiling.
As Mace pulls to a stop in the parking lot and Lenny opens the door.
...  and she trembles.
SUDDENLY the band kicks down with a wall of thundering sound.
Sinister and scary.
She looks frightened and alone.
Then we see: Spreg and Engelman, the two street Hun cops.
Watching.
We enter the dark room, which is vacant.
It is Iris.
He gets suddenly serious with a flash of premonitory dread.
Widening in terror.
Slam!
She is moaning.
Iris can now see herself as the Wearer sees her...  wide- eyed with terror, white-lipped, weeping.
Helpless.
We put the knife up to her throat, and she whimpers, afraid to cry out, and then we draw the flat side of the blade across her body as if to tease her with the prospect of her death.
MACE LOOKS AT LENNY'S EXPRESSION of dawning horror and pulls the car to the curb about a half-block from the Sunset Sheraton.
He opens his eyes...  Mace see the fear there, of what the tape may reveal.
The sweaty, grunting horror.
Her eyes are half-lidded.
We see the fear, now, exposed.
Fear.
He sags to his knees.
He is seeing ghosts, afterimages burned into his visual cortex.
Lenny see Iris' terrified face.
She shakes it off: she doesn't want to deal with it now.
watch.
He stares at it with dread.
The killer lays it gently against Lenny's throat.
A Right on cue a huge Rottweiller bounds out of the shadows at them, growling, its head low on an attack run.
Burned-out buildings.
Stunned.
Riding in a car.
Shakes.
We've never seen Mace scared.
But she looks scared now.
on alert.
The sudden silence is creepy.
Watching.
Terrified for a split second...  before she recognizes that it is Lenny.
Stopping him.
They push through shapes of people in the thundering dark corridor.
Starting to feel the creeping edge of panic.
Slams into him.
Vita draws a knife in a lightning move but...  Suddenly Mace is standing there with her dress hiked up and her pistol straight-armed, with the muzzle right in her face.
IN POV we approach room 2203.
She has been blindfolded.
A warning.
He is shaking his head in horror...  IN POV we see one of our hands come up holding the yellow plastic razor knife.
She groans, squirming away from the cold knife.
The knife deftly cuts off her panties.
Overcome by revulsion and horror, mixing obscenely with the pleasure flooding into him from the tape.
Suddenly the POV whips sideways to the mirrored closet doors along one wall.
We don't know if her reaction is to the horror of what is about to happen, or to the realization that she has the capacity to let it happen.
The knife embeds itself in his shoulder blade, sunk into the bone.
She shoots Engelman in the chest from 8 feet.
Spreg glares at her through the blood running into his eyes.
She spasms and goes to her hands and knees.
A trickle of blood runs down her face.
His face is suddenly demonic.
Like a scene from a nightmare the blood-drenched Spreg, completely unhinged, lurches toward them.
He faints.
Because they're exclusive.
what in the hell is this?
But watch.
(beat--.a
EDUARDO's hands are sliding under JENNY'S white shirt and finding the red bra when they hear a noise.
(quietly--nervous.).
Broke.
There's silence while SUMMERS appears to read over the letter...
Why? Mark was asleep.
I was nervous.
And he does own a watch.
Drop the "the".
Mr. 2uckerberg was cheating on his final exam?
Hang on.
That was the problem.
Back to work.
You scared me.
Counsel: "And when you signed these documents, were you aware that you were signing your own death certificate?"
An ambush.
Stop.
Then before he can react, the front door flies open-- POLICE with flashlights walk in--the beams of light streaking across the darkened party floor and the faces..
It's the cops.
And I'm gonna meet that guy in a dark alley one night.
And stops.
As he watches.
A stick figure appears, crawls through the opening, and the alarm begins the slow BEEP we heard last night.
PULL BACK slightly to reveal Gin, who has stepped to his shoulder.
And stops.
Her eyes move across his formidable face.
A beat.
Nervously.
She's shocked.
He does look concerned.
She stops.
Lay it down, toots.
A beat.
And suddenly, his eyes are keen and quick, and he is no longer some schmuck in baggy pants.
A beat.
Disappears.
What the hell.
She folds her arms across her chest.
Hands on her knees, catching her wind.
Blind PANIC now, blowing bubbles, FLAILING at the kayak, which suddenly...  ROLLS upright, manipulated by Mac.
suddenly, in the clearing before her, a HOSTAGE SILHOUETTE TARGET pops up, the outline of a terrorist shielding himself with a hostage, Gin's arm rising with a BLUR and...  ...BLAMM, BLAMM, BLAMM!!!
A human spider, inching up the wall with everything she's got.
And hangs up.
Lifeless.
Watching him.
He is well above her now, she isoff course, frantically trying to manipulate her trajectory, seeing him swooping closer, the freighter LOOMS in distance, she looks down and suddenly...  ...the sea is RUSHING at her, she FIGHTS her braking mechanism, SHOUTING at herself...  ...and SLAMS INTO the water, PLUNGING down, twisting, disoriented CUTTING her chute loose, struggling not to get tangled, in a panic to BREAK her light tube, which...  ...GLOWS yellow-green, illuminating the freezing depths, she FITS it around her head, fights now to pull out the small ELECTRIC FAN we've seen before, KICKING herself toward the surface, fighting against the weight of her gear pack, she...  ...flips the switch, and the fan becomes a PROPELLER which ROCKETS her upward, but she loses her hold on one handgrip, tries desperately to hang on with one hand, but it...  ...PULLS FREE, goes SHOOTING off into the blackness without her, one instant of TERROR in her eyes, and...  Mac is THERE, diving at her with his propeller, she GRASPS his legs in a death grip, and suddenly, they are... AT the surface, Gin GASPING for air, and he CUTS his propeller, CRADLES her body with one strong arm, murmuring in her ear...  Her eyes are wild.
And stop.
Aghast.
And scared.
And VANISH.
She is bruised, shaken, but most of all, really worried and She pulls out the remote...
He stops.
As it does, Mac's watch BEEPS slightly, as we CLOSE on it to see...  ...DATA flickering across its face.
Through it come the four armed museum guards, surrounding the dolly which carries the Bone's massive bulletproof display case.
He is startled.
As he crouches.
She is watching him.
A parting epithet in Mandarin, and the soldier starts off.
Half the celebrants seem to be armed PLA soldiers, many with rifles slung boldly across their shoulders.
Two armed soldiers flank the elevators.
The other numbers, 6-10 and 16-47, are dark.
We have a problem.
Frozen with fear.
Her eyes follow a long CABLE, leading from the arm of the crane, across the roof, attaching by a huge HOOK to a massive WRECKING BALL.
Her heart pounding through her chest.
They've stopped.
We HEAR it.
Slowing.
What the hell?
A blinding MOVE, the gun straight at his head, Mac miming fear, raising his hands to chill the agents we...  WHIP PAN to see.
Suddenly nervous, GRAHAM approaches.
I'm nervous.
The room is plunged into pitch darkness.
I hear that.
CLIVE drives, GRAHAM looks nervous.
911 Emergency.
When GRAHAM speaks his voice quivers with hysterical panic.
He fainted.
A SOLDIER approaches.
The RV guns up the road into the night.
CLIVE drives in silence.
Crashed in " 47.
For fuel? Anti-grav failure.
A POLICE CRUISER pulls onto the forecourt.
Poor thing.
I'll miss these.
Stop doing that!
PAUL is asleep on the sofa.
Blackness.
Panic in her eyes.
You're a hallucination.
Kill it for what it is.
Watch yourself now.
It's evil.
To suddenly have nothing?
How can this all be an accident?
How can that be an accident.
I'm frightened.
We see O'REILLY in his car, he is asleep at the wheel.
O'REILLY wakes up suddenly, looking rattled.
RUTH yelps, terrified that PAUL is going to zap her again.
You're in great danger.
Your father is worried about you.
The RV pulls off the road into a secluded lay-by.
Blood?! Oh my god, I hate needles.
She paces, worried.
I was worried.
Miss?
They shake hands.
I gotta go.
Is he still in there?
Beat.
Beat.
We're cut off.
Take your hands off her, devil!
He fires.
Punch it!
Damnit Haggard, wait!
Who the hell is this?
He's insane!
Damnit, hang back, hang back!
VOICE appears flanked by two faceless, heavily armed SOLDIERS.
He introduced me to my wife damnit!
GRAHAM renews his attack.
PAUL drops to his knee and places his hands on RUTH's chest.
Another two help the now healed soldier to their feet, patting them on the back and shaking their hands.
I'm sorry I frightened you so much your hair turned white.
PAUL turns to ZOIL, whose arm is in a makeshift sling and shakes his hand.
He shakes hands with ULLMAN.
JACK rises and shakes hands with him.
HALLORAN shakes hands with WENDY.
He sees that she is covered with scars.
M.S. WENDY holding bat gives nervous laugh.
SHE SCREAMS.
WENDY carrying knife runs forward - CAMERA PANS L-R with her as she runs to door.
He turns away from bed and holding knife up walks L-R.
DANNY holding knife and lipstick at door.
She drops knife in basin as she passes it.
She picks up knife and moves R-L to side of door.
M.S. WENDY strikes down with knife.
HE IS YELLING.
M.C.S. HALLORAN's chest - axe pierces raincoat and blood oozes out.
WENDY, carrying knife, runs forward into kitchen.
M.C.S. INJURED GUEST, with scar running down his head and face.
WENDY sobbing and holding knife runs away to HALLORAN's Snowcat in b.g.
Bum leg?
Still.
Suddenly it is hit by a flash of light as -- B- DEEEE -- we hear the automatic wind of a camera and its strobe recharging.
Watch.
Don't worry--I've done my homework.
I'll stop worrying when you get Von Balibreaker's price down to sixty million...
suddenly glides into a rundown Texaco station.
Strack Jr. turns him over, revealing that Strack Sr.'s chest is flooded in BLOOD.
Haunting.
She hangs up.
She gracefully lays her legal papers in her briefcase and heads for the door.
He hangs up.
.Does that shock you?
Are you threatening me? moves closer, touching her arm.
Stop it!
He shakes out two and swallows them dry.
widens in fear, then contracts, responding to a bright silent flash.
He jabs a sterilized needle deep into the bandaged knee.
Thunder rumbles and it begins to rain.
terrified at the sight of...  clutching at her shoulder.
Her fear is mixed with pity as she turns away from this monstrous man.
When I sicken YOU.
He turns to us suddenly.
THE CAMERA ROCKETS IN to his dark pupil.
We follow the pulsating arteries they wind back, through the darker corridors of his brain,to the blood brain barrier.
cuts one of the skyscrapers neatly in half with the knife.
She stands immobilized, overcome.
We both sweated for it.
shudders.
A terrifying pause.
Rick's bleeding face twitches in fear, on sanity's edge.
You can fight that too.
MEOWS in fear.
bolting up from sleep, sweating though his facial bandages.
flee in fear.
Afraid.
I was afraid that you wouldn't want me anymore.
The clerk takes a Fearful step back.
firing! hear the frightened scatter. is in the process of cellular fragmentation.
notes drops of blood which lead off the platform and down into the dark subway tunnel.
Dark, dank, spooky.
Trumayne bends down and picks up the bottle, keeping his fearful eyes on the darkness ahead.
Where's the crash?!
The oppressive dark.
Mr. Durant?! Panicked, Trumayne shines his light in front of him.
Crazed with fear.
A shaft of light reveals it to be...  gagged, with his hands tied behind his back, a wild look of terror in his dead eyes.
Durant's face is stretched in panic.
Sorry buddy.
354 She is looking at him, frozen in horror.
backs away frightened, right into.
More of his face falls into light, illuminating leathery neck muscles and hideous bone.
Huhh??:! Julie Hasting's to see you, Mr. Strack.
He's living in an abandoned warehouse.
And now you'll kill me.
He's dead.
The street is silent, desolate...  Suddenly from out of nowhere, races toward her, about to run her over-- turns to run.
A breeze 398 399 He stops suddenly.
SHRIEKS!
They advance slowly across the room...  not a sound in the darkness except their footsteps and the occasional beep of a computer... the air is tense with danger.
Suddenly...  WHOMPI--a bandaged hand slams into Durant's chest grab bim and start hauling him towards the door.
431 Suddenly, the faces start to recede...  SMASH!...
We are about to be obliterated.
You sound a little nervous, Bryant.
He hangs up.
A beat.
In peril!
gazes at Darkman's ghastly visage for the first time, overcome by horror and repulsion.
Darkman has been swallowed up by the night.
He moves toward a terrified Julie.
She overcomes her repulsion and puts her hand in his.
It's not just the scars.
Gennaro shakes hands awkwardly with Ross and leaves.
The copter suddenly SHAKES violently.
He opens one eye and looks about, very frightened.
As they attack a new area, Regis waves Muldoon over.
There is a prominent warning:  DANGER!
Suddenly, the SOUND of a speeding jeep.
SUDDENLY the trees in front of them move!
Suddenly, he looks away with a deep concern.
Suddenly, a dark claw pushes against the wire web.
She's too sick to move.
e stones, she swallows them A light RAIN begins.
Suddenly the mechanical SOUND of the cage coming up.
He looks out with worry.
He stop suddenly and listens.
BACK ON - NEDRY'S PANICKED FACE as he listens to the footsteps.
Catches it with his knee.
NERVOUS, NEDRY BREATHES in a labored fashion.
Nedry's frightened face.
RAIN PELTS him now.
Lightning flashes on the 10,000 volts warning.
Timmy stares out at the dark.
As they struggle.
SUDDENLY, the whole car VIBRATES.
Tim and Lex share a frightened look.
There is a CRASHING SOUND, the whole cruiser SHAKES.
Suddenly he throws open his door and bolts off into the rain, leaving the door open.
The beam shows her eyes full of a quiet panic.
The Rex raises his head suddenly.
Irrational with terror, she aims her flashlight like a gun.
with a flare!
He SCREAMS.
Grant, eyes bulging, sees the danger from above.
Suddenly, a beast-like visage blur s across the road.
and wades over to an abandoned tractor.
Nedry looks up in fear.
They fire!
She WHIMPERS.
Suddenly, he swats at his own mouth.
They share a frightened, apprehensive look.
The dark room is lit with two outdoor torches.
The dark room is lit by flashlight.
It trips over a fallen tree, downed by the storm.
Ellie attacks back.
It seeps with blood.
CLOSE ON - a charging duckbill as he HONKS, eyes wild with fear.
She watches the terrible cloud with a quiet horror.
Grant stumbles deep in the gloomy recesses of the building.
She sees a dark closet door ajar.
Lex is overcome with fear.
Hammond holds his ears against the noise.
Arnold crosses his hands in front of his face, blocking Hammond's attack.
Breathing heavily, Hammond clutches his hand to his own chest.
In the distance, the alarm still SOUNDS, lights FLASH a continued warning.
THE ATTACK is sudden and fierce.
Misses.
Ellie drops to her knees, her chest heaving, pulls her headset off with a bleeding hand.
Scared Workers huddle together, many a re injured.
They SCREAM.
Below, they shake off shards of glass and huddle in the corners.
He hears a NOISE above and begins to run.
The kids hear this NOISE too and it's closer to them.
DEAD.
Panic below.
They're imprisoned.
Dead.
Suddenly it is obliterated by clouds.
Frock horrors.
Nicholas is panicking down the phone.
Are you going to tell her? Just give me a couple of hours - He ends the call just as Beth is nearing the door - panicking the phone back on to its holder.
Air of neglect; dark windows.
That is a misconception.
She is in shock.
She died.
Beth comes in, tense, anxious and haggard.
Glen panics, realising their reunion is going to be right by the door.
To Glen's horror, he starts to cry.
The noise becomes a high-pitched squeal.
Wow, that's scary.
Tamara is in big boots and a slightly more practical pair of shorts.
She sits, suddenly exhausted.
Tamara still looks slightly shaken as she walks up to Andy.
It's a disaster.
He fires.
Nicholas descending into deep gloom, Glen into deep anxiety.
He hears the noise of crows in the field.
Something akin to fear flickers across Ben's eyes.
She is devastated.
So I hear.
So? It's painful.
The noise is deafening.
She is panicking - experiencing a loss of self.
It lands on Nicholas' chest.
That'd be dire.
Nicholas spins into a panic.
We see her fears: Beth, in her apron, pulling Tamara's hair back and coming at her face with an electric hand-held whisk.
She looks guilty, anxious.
Casey is keeping a nervous watch.
Which is lucky Jody cos if it had been shit, I'd be on the phone to the extremely scary local cops right now.
You've had an infestation.
He stops.
Glen turns on his heels and runs, terrified.
Boss is still worrying the herd.
Bang.
The beast.
Bitch.
Tamara sits beside a dewpond, gingerly washing the blood off her face.
It was an accident.
Glen, sick with dread, is drying his face with a towel.
And when they're scared, they run.
Like we do...  Glen is full of horror at his lie.
You scared me, man.
Fire me.
Hell with you.
Your mother's asleep.
He has fallen asleep.
This one's got more to worry about than you do.
Jason is anxious to finish business and go.
-- Work's a dangerous thing.
Big boat.
I house-sit.
You doing up to the house, Gabriella?
Victor shakes his head no.
And broke.
Alex detours toward the dark kitchen.
A shadow of anxiety passes over Alex's face.
You missed him.
They connect.again; it scares her.
He drowned in a storm.
She shivers involuntarily.
Gabriella carries her plate into the kitchen to escape the noise.
The garage is darker than she likes.
In a panic she races up the stairs, the heel of her hand to her nose to staunch the bleeding.
Is he dead?
He's worried about the jeweler.
Then, after catching his breath, squirts medicine down his throat with his inhaler, exits.
If Jason's nervous, it doesn't show.
...  Too bad.
(His scars surprise us.).
It's risky.
A storm is blowing in, and Jason walks quickly along the docks to his boat and swings aboard.
He hears a NOISE inside.
Jason shakes his head no.
We"gotta go...
I was in such a panic.
His eyes flutter open for a second in the dark, then he sinks again.
Horror and rage flood Jason's face.
C.) Victor unscrews the trap under the kitchen sink.
He takes out his knife.
Jason! (her eyes on his knife.)
Her- eyes haven't left the knife.
You don't need the knife.. Put. the knife down.
a, caress, a threat.
Gabriella knocks his hand away from her throat.
His knee works her legs apart. .
Watch me.
Oh. -I bit my lip.
Wake up.
He turns suddenly.
Behind, Victor's car suddenly squeals through a U-turn.
She's my contraband.
What the hell is that?
Then you killed her yourself.
He lays his arm over her shoulders and holds her close while he uses the radio.
Henry and Jason carry Alex off the boat and lay him on the planks.
The boat moves out.
Cindy shakes her head "no."
She drops her keys into her purse, but they miss the target and she fumbles after them.
He's sick of prying everything out of her.
They are puffy.
She screams, scared but delighted.
Shake hands.
Dank, dark home.
We gotta go.
You're crazy.
They stop.
Her eyes are on the road.
Cindy shakes her head "no."
I gotta go.
Glenda slices a knife through a greenish meatloaf.
His face is turning beat-red...  Suddenly, Jerry pounds his fist into the mound of meatloaf, obliterating it.
Cindy is white, tries to contain her terror.
We gotta go.
A neglected body.
He runs his hands through his hair, looks in horror at twelve fallen hairs in his palm.
Now watch.
He presses it.
She shakes her head "no."
We're flying.
Dean is amused but fearful.
She struggles against it.
She is sickened by it.
Her arm falls over her eyes.
She unbuttons Dean's Pea-Coat, feels the shape of his chest, his abdomen, his back.
You think he's gonna go to sleep now?
The closer he gets to her, the more nervous she gets.
Panic flushes Cindy's face.
Cindy shakes her head "no."
You wouldn't have to worry about being alone...
Anger overcomes Dean.
She is shocked.
Fear strikes Dean.
A look of terror in her eyes.
A firecracker series of POPS as linemen collide.
Feet pounding.
A mixture of blood and fiberglass.
We are now in full-scale panic.
FIRES.
Watches    the boys flee in terror.
He is dunking a terrified female head under the water and laughing.
The DOG cowers, HOWLING in fear.
Joe moves, lightning quick, and suddenly Jimmy's fist is trapped.
Stumbles.
Stops.
He takes  the broken bottle he's been clutching and cuts the guy's throat like a knife through butter.
He stumbles.
BULLETS chase him, blowing apart the metal box.
Suddenly, Jimmy lunges forward.
Hallenbeck walks across the parking lot toward his car.
Stops.
Stops.
They stop.
Bloody.
That stops him.
He stops.
He swerves.
Stops.
Helpless.
The electrode hits Hallenbeck in the chest.
McCaskey hangs up the phone and calls across the room: Bessalo looks up, intrigued.
Dark circles under the eyes.
And suddenly Pablo isn't laughing.
Suddenly a voice rings out from the doorway: Hallenbeck turns toward the new arrival.
On fire.
Rains punches on his chest and gut.
On the ground.
Bloody.
He hangs up.
He turns, and suddenly we realize he's not alone in the room: a STRANGE MAN is seated in the shadows off to one side.
He is obsessed.
A sudden commotion near the front door.
The head for the boats.
The noise is deafening.
He half crawls, half lurches over to the kitchen nook.
Bends.
Battered.
The boat rushing headlong, driverless.
The fire is out.
Into the fog they go, and, folks -- This is really scary.
There was a big light...  Big noise... Why aren't they dead?
It's a slaughterhouse.
Grim.
They creep across a suburban lawn, hugging the shadows.
Across the street, Hallenbeck's house is dark.
Deserted.
Joe suddenly puts up a restraining hand.
They stop.
A uniformed ENSIGN shines a light on the dark waters.
Pulls a dark turtleneck from a drawer.
The rifle.
The one responsible for the puckered scar on his chest.
Hears a NOISE.
Pablo overcomes his shock.
One of the goons is still laughing when he realizes half his throat is gone...
It hits him quite suddenly: The medal has sharp edges.
Drives it into Pablo's throat.
Dies.
Drives the hunting knife into his back.
Eyes burning.
He's scared shitless underneath.
He's so slick, it's scary.
A body falls out from behind the door.
He throws the hunting knife.
Dies.
Joe crosses to the bed, puts out an arm, and Sarah collapses against him, shaking with sobs.
Darian is asleep, cradled in her mother's arms.
Eyes panicked.
He is obsessed.
An eruption of blood.
Blood flows.
The windshield of a passing car SHATTERS -- The driver panics, the car spins out of control -- Slews across the road in the middle of traffic.
Milo's chest explodes with bubbling blood.
He shrieks.
Bloody.
Bullet-scarred.
Hefts it.
He bends down.
I'm cracking up.
I'm warning.
Not really, but Fe^.wzck scares me.
He slows down.
As they approach we see Fe_zwick lying halfway out of the car covered in blood.
What are you afraid it's gonna got caught In the crack between your legs?.
Is that what I'm hearing?
You maniac.
She is death.
T?:at's lunacy.
Is that what I hear?
I was hysterical.
Billy walks away from his house, crosses the street and up t the steps of another house.
He still.
Wake him.
Broke up.
What the hell you been doing?
I'm scared shitless, to tell you the truth.
She is death.
Death.
Fenwick shakes his.
Suddenly she screaws.
Death.
He takes a big swig and shivers slightly.
They shake.
Fenwick feels the pain.
Grippes puts a little more pressure on and Fenwick is up on his toes.
Did you hear?
Default.
Then they `ll kill me.__
Why do you yell at me?
It is dark, the main source of light coning from a wrought iron lamp post ca the property.
Suddenly Fenwic'k lunges at his brogher, grabbing his over- coat by the lapels, pushing him up against the la,.;p post.
Suddenly a Light flashes on them.
A sheep suddenly sails through the air.
Fenwick and Shrevie are asleep.
4 That's your problem.
Cane on.
The guy doesn't know what to make of this threat.
He watches her.
I'm afraid to.
your worst fears, as they say.
If he dies, what will we do?
A ball buster.
They approach their cars.
F =ti'WICK' S AFAR TNT - NIGH Fenwick and Shrevie enter the dark acar t=enc.
The room is 'dark.'
You crouch.
They approach the door.
They approach the car.
Sick thing to do.
By the time I worked un the nerve to move down, I realized my arm was asleep.
So, I move toward- the breast -with my arm - ----- asleep.
She was frantic.
I've been intimidated by you.
Barbara pulls away from him slightly so she can see his face.
Forster turns toward camera and fear comes into his expression.
MED SHOT - ANGLED ACROSS campfire.
SHOT.
SHOT.
Graham hurries through the trees to stop in horror near the dead men.
Helen stops and looks at its cargo in horror.
A boy clambers up over the tailboard, sees the cargo and jumps off with a frightened yell.
Steve hears the noise and moves to the front of the shed.
Left alone, Elaine is suddenly alert and no longer sick.
Elaine, her eyes wide and frightened, starts back as Mary takes the case from Clay and opens it.
She is shocked.
Clay suddenly reacts as O.s. a horse whinnies.
They shake.
Mary and Helen, tense and worried, stand at the edge of the camp, looking off.
Suddenly her face lights up.
Mary drops to her knees on the tarp and shakes Helen in wakefulness.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
Steve shakes her.
Faintly o.s.
Dark rain clouds blown by a high wind.
rain -- the caravan.
Lednov pushes past her up the steps and into the house.
SHOT.
SHOT.
Wyatt and his wife exchange frightened glances.
The farmhouse is dark.
SHOT.
CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS as she rises and shakes it out.
SHOT.
There he stops.
Elaine tries not to show her panic at this suggestion.
As he reaches the edge of the forest at the crest of the rise, he suddenly pulls his horse to a stop, swings around and rides back into the trees.
Mary lies on the carpet of pine needles, her head pillowed on her arms, her dress pulled taut across her chest.
The canyon is dark, sinister.
Clay shakes it.
Both suddenly move togother.
She is frightened, about to abandon the whole foolish enterprise.
SHOT.
The shelter is dark.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
Peters knocks his arm down.
He defends himself.
Helen looks down, too horrified and terrified to scream.
Lednov, in the lead, stops suddenly and looks off.
Clay is suddenly aware of the approaching stage.
As a flight of birds suddenly rises above a section of the forest, the CAMERA MED.
SHOT.
He fires.
He fires.
O.s. there is a SHOT.
He fires.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
He reacts.
He suddenly realizes that a strange woman is in the room and reacts.
CAMERA PULLS BACK TO MED.
Intense eyes & dark hair.
The Voice comes via a police scanner.
They push through doors into the biggest room in the building.
They stop at a light and a beeper goes as warning to the blind.
BERLIN is worrying at his fingertip on the wheel of the Zippo.
BERLIN suddenly stops.
"Looks like a 22?" LETTERS BIG AS A HOUSE.
Forest plunging into dark ravines.
Six steps and he is in a kitchen.
Stale shadows and growing silence.
Her anxiety is misinterpreted.
As it overtakes HELENA is scared.
Nothing special about it except it's a V.W.
She follows the noise through a door into a bedroom.
HELENA twists in panic.
Fear kills her scream.
She's dead.
Her expression is a toss up between guilt & anxiety.
At once she is vulnerable.
ROSS is half asleep on a sofa.
And suddenly everything including super-sinister Music is happening at once.
You hearing me?" [10/2].
He's about to climb when an al- arming voice shocks him rigid.
In considerable anxiety.
Thank Jesus the anxiety's over.
Got hit in the throat.
Hears noises outside and makes it to a window.
A menu of anxieties.
The car pulls up and its engine silences.
Country sound and not a sound out of place Then suddenly she is alert.
Glum silence in the house.
She is paralyzed except for the tears spilling down her cheeks.
"You are a coward."
Next face is SERATO heading for his car.
And he suddenly switches gear.
He arrives like every hope got abandoned and sits next to her.
Dumps the phone and stokes anxiety in HELENA and MARGIE's eyes.
Too dark to see much now but lamp posts and rain.
Kills his lights and watches her hurry into the house.
This is a gloomy place.
The emerging Music is full of threat.
Suddenly glass shatters.
Anxiety and antiques.
The music is nervous and louder.
Intercutting BERLIN's fearful eyes with his P.O.V. of the road.
Halfway past the trailer when a bend suddenly rel- eases headlights.
Panic as she blunders for the front door.
His anxiety is immediately assuaged.
Spots what already looks like a ghost fleeing into shadows.
Near enough now to sense her fear.
Tries to scream but is stifled with fear.
BERLIN blows the fucker across the room.
A SCARRED HAND scribbles some figures on a wall that has been used as a scratch pad for years.
Worried.
You know I've been ignoring our difference in age, but if you keep playing with those blocks, I'm gonna start to worry.
Now the cops'll go to her place first -- and it'll scare the hell out of the kids.
This is stopping.
I don't ow.,,I think he's right about scaring the kids.
The joy of the work, replaced by dread.
The poison of the snake and newt- Is the sweat of envy's foot.
The poison of the honey bee.
The house looks like a storm hit it: chairs tipped over, toys scattered, papers strewn across the floor.
DUNCAN is wailing- JASON looks terrified- NAT IE strains to hear- NATALIE starts to the door- Listen kids - Stay here.
overruled.
She,sits on her hands to keep them from shaking.
Manslaughter.
Matt stands paralyzed, a deer caught in the headlights.
You slept late.
Suddenly there .-.. hand on her shoulder.
She is startled.
How did she die?
Through the window, in the dark, alone, flashlight in hand.
He stops.
Natalie springs back, paralyzed with shock.
Tim throws a nervous look over to the table where his friends ea They're oblivious to the conversation.
He freezes A nervous smile - He throws a quick look to the other aisle.
This stops her.
You scare me.
They suddenly become aware of the DOORBELL, ringing, over and over.
Is there a problem?
This stops him.
This wakes them up.
Sit down Matt you're making me nervous.
We were over at my folkls house.
Suddenly he turns and leaves.
We missed it.
Stop here.
a d in a BLUE TARP, is suddenly dragged away by the ATV.
Wide and dark, lap ing softly at the bank, a small island near it's middle, with black, tall evergreens.
Eyes back to the road.
The STREET LIGHTS suddenly turn off',.
The surrounding houses with the windows still dark, asleep.
He steps to a little sink and washes up.
Knives Chau.
Wicked!
Scott winks at Knives.
An eager Knives stands outside.
Knives, this is Stephen Stills.
Stephen Stills quickly opens the door and waves Knives in.
Knives, that's Kim.
Knives waves.
Knives, that's Young Neil.
Scandal!
Her name is Knives.
Knives Chau.
Wallace pulls Knives close.
Awww maaan...
I don't want you scaring off the coolest girl at my party Scott.
It's KNIVES CHAU! Heyyy...  Attack hug! Knives smothers Scott.
Attack hug.
Scott and Knives walk out of a pizza joint.
Knives chows down on a slice.
Knives goes to flip over Scott, but he messes up.
Yeah, we're terrible.
And this is Knives, Scott's- Scott goes white.
Knives and Ramona stare at each other.
This is a nightmare.
Is this a nightmare?
Watch out!
Scott jump-spins away from danger.
Patel attacks again.
He flips back onto the stage, narrowly dodging the attack.
You're a monster.
A beaming Knives knocks on the payphone glass.
You... you broke up with Knives?
This is sudden death now.
We gotta go.
Scott goes to shake it.
Is she still here?
That's too bad.
Knives shivers outside, pale and broken looking.
Knives sighs.
Scott walks fast down the street, freaked out and paranoid.
This is one nightmare you can't wake up from.
Wait, am I asleep right now? No. So, technically this is not a nightmare.
Having the past come back to haunt you.
Stills paces past the window to reveal... KNIVES CHAU OUTSIDE.
Why? Tamara turns the faucet on and rinses Knives hair.
PUSH into Knives, as she plots.
Knives!? Young Neil rushes to Knives' aid.
ANGLE on Knives.
Sorry, baby.
Suddenly, the bass-line from FINAL FANTASY 2 rumbles through the walls.
Who broke up with who?
I broke up with her.
We hear an offscreen distant ' nooooo' from Knives.
We're doomed.
My bad.
Scott, Stephen Stills and Kim share a nervous look.
Okay gang.
Knives shrugs, different.
Scott and Knives lock eyes.
Knives watches him go, eyes narrowing.
So I guess it all shakes out.
Scott looks to Knives, both concerned and amazed.
Knives pulls out KNIVES and charges!
Ramona fights defensively, redirecting Knives' parries without harming her.
Scott lands a KICK to Gideon's chest, sending him flying off the edge of the pyramid.
You cheated on me with Knives?
No! I cheated on Knives.
Scott's eyes go wide with epiphany, Knives?
A strange new power overcomes Scott, different than before.
Knives steps back, stunned.
Knives joins him.
Scott ATTACKS with his sword.
Knives throws her knives.
Knives attacks and scores a hit.
SCOTT ATTACKS.
COMBO ATTACK!
Scott slides Knives through Gideon's legs.
They chat amiably, shake hands and part ways.
Scott approaches Knives and Ramona.
Oh my God, can I blow your mind?
SLOW MOTION: The plane is going down fasts Everyone panics and screams in SLOW MOTION as the oxygen masks away like plastic pendulums.
compete with the obnoxious ramblings of L.A. TALK Large suddenly squints his eyes and clutches his neck in pain.
As he does his entire chest and person disappear into the design of the room.
He closes his eyes, flying by a COP CAR doing eighty before he opens them again.
Cut him down myself.
That's so crazy.
A NOISE in the kitchen pops Large' s eyes open.
Stop it.
Oh, he's gonna be sore tomorrow.
So how long have these headaches been going on?
Our bodies do very funny things when they're consumed with stress and anxiety.
,beat.)
(re: the helmet.)
Sam and Large look terrified.
He unleashes the arrow into the air and the three of them scramble around in terror trying to avoid wherever it will land.
Oh, God I'm so sorry.
Miss me?
Holy shit, you scared the shit out of me.
Shower pressures awful in there though.
She died.
I was totally gonna hit you up for some.
Oh are you freaked out?
You're so freaked out right now.
I'm dangerous and I didn't get to go to boarding school.
It was a complete freak accident.
So she fellbackover the door and her neck hitthekitchen counter; paralyzing her from the waist down.
Ah! Jesus, you scared the shit out of me.
we owe that to each other.
We owe it to her.
I'm sorry I scared you.
Hell yeah.
Who killed themselves?
Why are you buying knives?
But with these knives I can't.
(re: the stretcher.)
Okay, stop.
It's a sore subject.
Rain begins to fall.
Yeah, it just started pouring all of a sudden.
(beat.
Sorry to wake you.
You've been avoiding me.
Because I'm worried that if i don't go figure myself out, if I don't go land on my feet and be okay on my own, I'm gonna fuck this up.
- I gotta go.
GIDEON'S FACE; Wide-eyed in terror.
rails on the walls to help you get around, and down here, a panic button in case of a sudden fall, brings the Warden running.
It's just that we might not manage to plan our sudden fall in the exact corner where the button is.
This is crazy.
You're crazy.
And I'm afraid matters have only got worse.
So when do I have the operation?
I'm afraid you'll be on a waiting list for at least six months.
And underneath is written 'THE BEST EXOTIC As Christopher gapes in horror, he hears a mellifluous Indian voice.
I'll miss you too.
Are you insane?
Madge has fallen asleep on Evelyn's shoulder.
Who is about 80, and is sitting in the corner, fast asleep.
Norman's head suddenly tips forward, and he falls from his chair onto the floor.
Sonny shakes his watch next to his ear.
It's stopped.
The challenge is to cope with it.
As soon as you can walk onto the plane.
Evelyn tries to suppress her panic, turning from one face to another.
Beat.
I miss you.
Kill me.
Kill me now.
Beat.
Beat.
As anxiety begins to engulf her, she quickens her pace, brushing through them as best she can, until she is almost running.
Their eyes lock, then Jean pulls back out of sight, panicked.
Beat.
All we're good for now is the beige bloody bungalow with the sodding panic button in the sodding corner ...
I miss you.
Come late You'll be asleep.
You will sneak in?
I'm worried there's no lead in my pencil.
What is your problem?
And I'm a little bit scared.
Truth be told, I'm a lot scared.
Aaaaaah, freak out!
Le freak, c'est chic .. Aaaah, freak out!
You're not worried about the danger of having sex at your age?
They are working, they are working!
You have a phone call.
Across the street, Graham approaches a house.
Who screamed?
I don't want to be the first person let off the plane in a hostage crisis.
A beat.
Beat.
Beat.
My watch?
You're still here.
Beat.
The what? Yes, I'm afraid you did.
Sir, we need to get you out of this parking lot.
I'm afraid there's been a car accident.
They owned that house outright.
And that mortgage...
So I just walked ... Then all of a sudden, I stopped.
It is dark and the train is moving fast.
Jacob breaths a brief sigh of relief and accomplishment when suddenly: A HUGE Jacob swings at this Brute with his free arm but it's blocked easily, as the Brute moves him to the open car door.
Camel is fast asleep, drunk from the jug.
Shake it!
But it's the middle of the night.
Can you fly?
But it was terrible.
Queenie attack.
Is that the problem?
Joe, bad report for Silver Star I'm afraid.
They growl.
The six hundred pound cat rises then roars, his massive head hitting the cage and rattling the lose padlock.
August squeezes Jacob's sore arm from Rex's attack.
Jacob, I want to apologize to you, in front of my darling Marlena so she can witness how truly sorry I am for any bit of nastiness between us... Running this show, the many pressures...It can get the best of me sometimes I'm afraid.
Her eyes fearful.
Jacob senses danger ahead.
Sore wrists.
Jacob panics, realizing what August about to do.
The animals are panicking from inside their cages - the lions roaring, the monkey's squealing.
Jacob is worried.
Her chest rises and falls under his arm.
I was doomed.
It's too dangerous.
How can you be with a man you're frightened of?
I don't have to feel afraid of him if I don't feel anything...
Everyone is asleep.
Jacob is asleep under Rosie when Walter wakes him up.
Camel, his eyes wide and fearful, nods slowly.
He turns to her, tips his hat over his brow and shakes his finger, scolding, as if to say, "No, no, no" Rosie responds by waving her trunk, mocking him.
..And with business so strong, nobody was worried about getting tossed, so we didn't have to worry so much about old Camel.
SHUT UP! Marlena gets frightened.
Suddenly they hear: Rosie peeing where she is staked.
She too is frightened.
Jacob attacks August, pulling him off of Marlena.
They stop.
Marlena lets go of all the anxiety she had about him.
I promise...as soon as I stop being terrified.
Camel quivers in fear behind the trunks.
Squinting through the rain with swollen eyes, he sees: He walks, with legs barely able to move.
Jacob suddenly rises; Marlena!! Sshh.
Beat.
Queenie is asleep, nestled in Walter's arms.
He grips the knife.
She sees the knife in his hand August suddenly moves, pulls Marlena closer to his chest, burying his face in her neck.
He finds Queenie, shaking with fear curled in a ball.
Jacob panics.
But still.
Jacob runs to them, dodging the fleeing animals, when suddenly: A BULL HOOK FLIES FROM OUT OF THE AIR ACROSS THE ANIMALS AND PIERCES JACOB'S SHOULDER.
I don't know who was more scared - the rubes or the animals.
He reaches for his glass with a shaking arm.
Beat.
... dragons.
Oh, and Hoark saw a Monstrous Nightmare.
The Monstrous Nightmare suddenly stops fighting and takes flight.
Turns with a threatening glare.
Stoick suddenly appears, HURLING FISHING NETS over them.
A Monstrous Nightmare appears, slithering up over the lip of the cliff.
Alarmed, Stoick abandons the Nadders and runs off.
The Nightmare's sticky, Napalm-like fire splashes up onto buildings, setting them alight.
The raid is over.
Sting.
I'm afraid you brought me the wrong offspring.
Beat.
It suddenly shifts.
Whoa! Hiccup springs back, terrified.
Hiccup is paralyzed.
Yeah, it's only fun if you get a scar out of it.
Pain.
The Monstrous Nightmare.
Hiccup panics and chases after his shield as it rolls across the ring.
A RUMBLE of thunder shakes the hall.
Fear class.
Suddenly a flash of light.
The Nadder ATTACKS, SNAPPING at both of them.
Hiccup swallows his fear and offers the fish.
Hiccup swallows his fear and crawls toward the folded prosthetic.
(excited, terrified.)
If that dragon shows either of his faces, I'm gonna-- (spotting an approaching shape, terrified.)
Fishlegs flees in a panic.
Beat.
Beat.
Hiccup stops the Terrible Terror with the same light-patch trick he used earlier with Toothless.
The wind in my...
Hiccup's glee turn to dread as they fly directly into it.
Several Terrible Terrors land like seagulls, hissing and nipping at each other as they approach Toothless' pile of fish.
A stealthy Terrible Terror is exposed as the thief.
Hiccup throws the hapless Terror his freshly cooked fish.
Hiccup carefully pets him...  sending the Terror into an immediate, blissful sleep.
Stoick adjusts, awkwardly clearing his throat.
Gothi shakes her head 'no.'
I scared him!? Hiccup makes a abe quieta motion.
See? Nothing to be afraid of.
Astrid is defeated, her aggressive energy gone.
Hiccup, your final exam is tomorrow.
Toothless' ear plates suddenly stand on end.
Panicked, he abruptly dives, dipping into cloud cover.
'Quiet!' Suddenly, out of the dense cloud, a Monstrous Nightmare emerges.
The Nightmare calls out.
Hiccup and Astrid recoil, terrified.
Several dragons take flight in fear.
Toothless disappears into the winged exodus as thousands of dragons flee the caldera in fear.
That's for kidnapping me.
It's not the dragon I'm worried about.
Followed by a Monstrous Nightmare, coated in flames.
Spooked, the Nightmare snaps at Hiccup's outstretched hand.
Panic flares in his eyes.
Desperate, he goes to the weapon rack in an attempt to arm himself, but the Nightmare quickly destroys the rack and closes in on him.
The Monstrous Nightmare is only a few feet behind Hiccup.
Suddenly, a terrible roar pierces the din.
Astrid calls out to him, panicked.
The other Vikings surround and attack Toothless.
STOP!
The dragon?
That's what you're worried about?
No. Hiccup chases after him, panicked.
Watching.
You must feel horrible.
I was weak.
... I wouldn't kill him because he looked as frightened as I was.
Beat.
The BUZZING suddenly STOPS.
Stoick turns to peer down the dark throat of the cavern.
Followed by a Monstrous Nightmare, a Zippleback, and a Gronckle.
Troll!
The Vikings watch with dread.
The ground races toward her, when...  She's suddenly CAUGHT by the leg.
Watch out!
The Vikings watch in horror as Hiccup and Toothless disappear into the boiling inferno.
revealing a MONSTROUS NIGHTMARE flapping outside the door.
...  dragons..
He stops.
This is excruciating.
The four men in dark suits..
Hiding from security.
She's serious about this.
Suddenly two hotel guards turn the corner and spot the woman.
Mr. Richardson, again in a dark suit, gets out and enters the park.
a gap in the buildings and falls on Harry's left eye, waking him.
A beat.
It's dead again.
A beat.
Its jarring.
You need to worry about getting back on your Plan, David, not worry about us putting him back on his.
This is precisely what Harry has been worried about.
Are you crazy?!
He hangs up.
We have a problem.
A beat.
I was mugged.
(after a beat.)
Her deepest fear in life is-- 2/12/09 51.
Do you ever get nervous when people watch you?
Do you get anxious when you make 'a speech?
Suddenly Richardson emerges from a storefront and, goes to David.
Suddenly, down the street, he sees one with his roof light on.
it when-- CRASH -- twenty feet in front of him two cars collide.
Why was it changed?
You're insane.
You're a maniac.
You should come with a warning label.
Brutal.
You scare me.
(after a beat.)
Did you wake up in. the middle of the night?
I told you, you scare me.
She hangs up.
I'm afraid if I let you out of my sight. .
It suddenly clicks for David, and he rushes to the door.
It's still here.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Kill me.
A beat.
A beat.
one wearing a hat Is. a threat.
David breathes a sigh of relief.
He careens around a corner onto Greenwich Street and starts an all out sprint-- Rain pelts the window as Thompson reads the newspaper.
Nervous...
It's an emergency.
I'm just nervous.
He drops.
She stops.
Rain pelts her face.
A black Suburban with under-grill police lights pulls up fast.
A beat.
But every once in a while someone comes along who refuses to be bound by his fate, someone who understands that Free Will is a gift most people are too afraid to use.
CONCERNED.
His body TWISTS and DISTORTS . . . he becomes a CREEPY, SHRIVELLED wretch . . .
ANGLE ON: A GRIM LANDSCAPE, covered in THORN BUSHES and the scars of RECENT FIRES.
SMEAGOL wakes suddenly, shaking, his face drenched in SWEAT, eyes wide in horror.
SMEAGOL'S features suddenly transform into the MALEVOLENT face of GOLLUM!
ANXIOUS, Suddenly he hops out of bed and creeps towards the SLEEPING FORM of GANDALF.
As PIPPIN lays his hands on the CRYSTAL, a SICKLY PALE light slowly spreads from the GLASS BALL onto PIPPIN'S FACE ...  his On the STEPS of the GOLDEN HALL, LEGOLAS turns to ARAGORN PIPPIN suddenly starts to HYPERVENTILATE . . .
A WORRIED MERRY exchanges glances with GANDALF.
ARWEN'S eyes drop to the CHILD'S CHEST . . .
CLOSE ON: PIPPIN asleep . . .
GANDALF steering SHADOWFAX up the STEEP STREETS of MINAS ANGLE ON: The stares of frightened GONDORIANS as GANDALF and PIPPIN gallop through the WINDING STREETS . . .
CLOSE ON: PIPPIN, horrified.
INSERT IMAGE: The BATTLE-SCARRED CITY of OSGILIATH - last bastion between MINAS TIRITH and MORDOR . . .
ANGLE ON: PIPPIN looks up at GANDALF, afraid to ask . . .
CLOSE ON: PIPPIN looking on in FRIGHTENED AWE.
His DARK HEAD turns this way and that, sweeping the shadows with unseen eyes - as if SENSING the RING !
GANDALF suddenly stops and looks down at PIPPIN . . .
CAMERA tracks down beneath the BRIDGE to the DARK WATERS . . .
ITHILIEN RANGERS are suddenly nervous, frightened . . .
FARAMIR and a few survivors flee WEST OSGILIATH, desperately riding toward MINAS TIRITH . . . in the SKY above DARK SHAPES pursue them ...  ANGLE ON: SUDDENLY, from on HIGH, the NAZGUL strike!
SAM breathes deeply now, heavily asleep.
SAM gently shakes FRODO'S shoulder.
CLOSE ON: SAM'S horrified face!
FRODO pushes SAM away, clutching at the RING beneath his shirt FRODO rises to his FEET, as if empowered with a frightening intense ENERGY.
ANGLE ON: HORSES rearing in terror as ROHAN SOLDIERS try to quieten them ...  ANGLE ON: LEGOLAS and GIMLI move through the CAMP . . .
SILENCE surrounds them, there are no birds, no wind.
Within the walls, a creepy DARK DOOR gapes like a mouth of night.
The ORC CATAPULTS do not fire rocks ... HORROR sweeps through the streets of MINAS TIRITH as the SEVERED HEADS of FARAMIR'S HORSEMEN land amongst the DENETHOR looks down at FARAMIR'S UNCONSCIOUS BODY . . .
against the flow of FLEEING SOLDIERS.
A s t h e G R E A T B O U LD E R S l a n d a m o ng t h em ^ t he O R C s t a rt t o P A N IC !
GONDORIAN SOLDIERS run for SHELTER in PANIC, covering their ears ...  QUICK CUTS: MIGHTY WOODEN CATAPULTS positioned within the walls of MINAS TIRITH are fired!
CLOSE ON: FRODO realises with HORROR that GOLLUM has deserted him!
There is a CREAKING as some great JOINTED THING moves with slow purpose in the DARK ...  FRODO begins to run in BLIND PANIC ... SAM stumbles blindly down the ANCIENT STAIRS, reckless and uncaring, his face pale and devastated.
CLOSE ON: FRODO fumbles in his JACKET, FEAR growing in him . . . he pulls out the GLASS PHIAL - his GIFT from GALADRIEL - he holds it aloft.
CLOSE ON: SHELOB the SPIDER HISSES at the LIGHT!
SHELOB crawls SLOWLY towards him ...  then, with sudden .
hideous SPEED, she ATTACKS!
He slashes wildly at the GIANT SPIDER . . .
eyes wild with fear . . .
CLOSE ON: GOLLUM watches in mounting disbelief as STING slashes through the WEB ...  DISBELIEF turns to FEAR as SHELOB gets closer and closer, GOLLUM quickly turns and BOLTS::.. . . .
Behind the GATES the GONDORIAN FOOT SOLDIERS are FEARFUL ...  GANDALF rallies the line of BOWMEN as they wait in front of the GREAT DOORS ... their COURAGE wavering with each CRASHING SUDDENLY the FEARSOME HEAD protrudes into the MINAS TIRITH!
SHELOB'S LEGS   catch him as he falls ...  she quickly starts WEAVING COBWEBS great dexterity, she tumbles the LITTLE HOBB    IT over and over in her LEGS, binding him in WEB from HEAD to     TOE! SUDDENLY!...
SAM lays his FACE on FRODO'S CHEST . . .
SUDDENLY! in the midst of the BATTLE, GANDALF turns . . .
CLOSE ON: MERRY BLANCHES with FEAR . . .
SUDDEN FEAR runs through the ORC and URUK-HAI assembled on PELENNOR FIELD . . .
As he tries to FOCUS through his delirium, OIL splashes onto his CHEST and FACE.
The fearful SERVANTS back away from the PYRE ...  CLOSE ON: With a ROAR, DENETHOR SNATCHES a FLAMING TORCH ... and HURLS it at the PYRE!
they look in HORROR as . . .
his look of JOY turns to HORROR! " ANGLE ON: Across the VAST SEA of BATTLE come ...  . . .
ANGLE ON: GANDALF looks down to see PIPPIN looking up at him with fear in his eyes . . .
tall and threatening . . .
The ORCS have no defence as their WEAPONS CANNOT MAKE CONTACT with the GHOSTS!
The MUMAKIL react with terror as SPECTRAL WARRIORS climb up their SIDES, routing the HARADRIM from their WAR-TOWERS!
ORCS flee in their THOUSANDS ...  the TERRIFIED MUMAKIL trampling them in their PANIC to ESCAPE!
His eyes suddenly flicker and he WAKES UP.
He clutches at his throat.
ANGLE ON: SAM hurries towards the gate, fearful for FRODO.
ANGLE ON: SAM pounds UP THE STAIRCASE . . . he suddenly PAUSES.
They turn around and flee in terror back to the top of the stairs!
THEIR eyes are drawn to a DARK LOOMING SHAPE ...  BARAD-DUR . . .
CLOSE ON: GANDALF - still troubled, still worried . . .
watchful . . .
alert.
poised for the order to ATTACK!
FRODO starts to CRAWL on his HANDS and KNEES!
SUDDENLY a SHOUT goes up!
He VANISHES!
ANGLE ON: GANDALF in despair ...  SAM watches in HORROR as FRODO and GOLLUM ... disappear into the CHASM!
WIDE ON: Across the GREAT PLAINS - MOUNT DOOM is clearly On the BATTLEFIELD, all eyes turn to MOUNT DOOM ...  ANGLE ON: The CAVE TROLL, with ARAGORN at his mercy, is distracted by the SOUNDS emanating from MORDOR . . . he turns in TERROR and RUNS OFF . . .
ANGLE ON: The FELLOWSHIP turn to watch as the MASSIVE DARK TOWER of SAURON shakes itself to pieces!
SAM eye is suddenly caught!
FRODO is DOWNCAST ...  SUDDENLY, GANDALF turns and looks toward him.
Suddenly the field is quiet.
Suddenly, General Tide is peering down at him.
He's still riding the little buckskin.
There's a large, dark splotch on the major's trouser front.
In a panic Fambrough wheels back on Lieutenant Elgin.
One suddenly catches fire and shoots across the heavens.
An old jagged scar cuts across his muzzle.
Suddenly, a shadow starts across the threshold, followed quickly by Cisco's big buckskin head.
To Dunbar's horror, the smoke billows bigger and bigger...  climbing into the sky as a signal for anyone to see.
They are Pawnee, the scariest of all the Plains Tribes.
Terrified with pain and fear, Timmons looks back as he scrambles up the slope.
Kicking Bird has turned to stone at the sight of this horror.
Suddenly a shovelful of dirt flies out of an unseen spot next to the crates.
Dunbar steps back from his work.
He drops his head, closes his eyes and starts to fall asleep.
He rides back to investigate.
Their faces are streaked with colorful designs, their weapons slung around the shoulders, their nearly naked bodies all sinew and bone.
Wind In His Hair suddenly turns his pony and whips after his comrades.
He wheels his pony and charges over the rise, nearly colliding with another warrior who has been in hot pursuit of Cisco.
A blood-stained knife is held between them.
Suddenly she's alert.
She starts to crawl.
But he follows on foot as she crawls.
Her face is pressed against his chest.
Initial panic has given way to a steady buzzing as everyone jockeys for a better look.
Still holding Stands With A Fist in his arms, Dunbar suddenly stops on a familiar face...  Wind In His Hair.
He stops.
Dunbar can only shake his head no.
Kicking Bird is leading up to something and Stands With A Fist fears it.
Willie is scooting down the roof, his face white with fear.
Lieutenant Dunbar is asleep in the moonlight.
It wakes him.
Wind In His Hair suddenly breaks ranks and rides back to the main body of warriors.
Suddenly she looks in his direction.
The hunters are advancing across the prairie, spreading out in a formation that will encircle part of the herd.
Dunbar is riding with his knees.
His eyes suddenly stop their roving.
There is a touch of the devil in their eyes.
His long hair hides his face on his slightly bent head.
There's much backslapping and a few of them lean in to shake hands as they have seen him do.
Thunder booms again and suddenly Stands With A Fist comes through the lodge flap.
He's dead.
There's a real sense of panic in the air by the time he reaches the fire outside Ten Bears' lodge.
Her eyes are big with terror.
Suddenly both heads jerk up.
They will both fight.
But they are both scared.
Suddenly, there he is...  a Pawnee warrior.
The children watch, their faces a mixture of horror and intrigue.
Suddenly from the corner of his eye the old man senses an attack.
Suddenly, the Pawnee himself is hurtling through space, driven there by the full force impact of Dances With Wolves' shoulder which has caught him rib high.
His body is streaked with blood, much of it his own.
His arm is bleeding freely but he is too repulsed to move forward and too exhausted to retreat into the breaks.
The light begins to change, growing darker, the wind comes up, blowing leaves against the door.
They're watching too.
The major and the lieutenant suddenly reappear.
A rifle butt bangs him hard between the shoulder blades and Dances With Wolves attacks.
Suddenly a pair of manacled hands lock on his wrists.
Terrified, Spivey pulls away, kicking over the plate of food as he scrambles to safety across the room.
Suddenly a shot rings out.
He fires again.
The boy is so frightened at the sudden sight of this white soldier that he doesn't move.
Terrified, Bauer turns to run.
He shakes his head "no".
They're stopping.
Suddenly he stops.
Arms.
Abandonment.
Lashes.
Watch me.
Her eyes widen in horror.
Bitch!
Intriguing.
JACK - 25, punky, dark hair, eyeliner, one arm half-sleeved with tats.
Her leg went behind her head!
Vince goes over to Marcus's table, shakes hands, joins him.
My lines.
Watches.
It flies across the room.
You'll crash here.
Hell, yeah.
Ali can't keep from beaming as she shakes her head, no! Good.
A beat.
A beat.
For what? I'll drop you off.
A beat.
A beat.
They crack up.
She SCREAMS.
And suddenly it's her show?
She cracks up.
He strikes his chest, struck by cupid-- Do it again.
A beat.
A beat.
I gotta go, that's me.
What the hell is this?
And they crack up again.
Bitch.
It's the scariest thing you've ever seen, the most dangerous maneuver in aviation and just another day at the office for a Naval Aviator.
It slams in.
Speaking of feet, fuel's down to 4.0.
We don't have the fuel for this.
Cougar's plane suddenly flips over, flying inverted.
A wind shear just off the ramp drives the plane suddenly down.
The deck crew watches in terror as the plane wallows in toward them.
He seems stunned, but Goose reacts to his fear with frantic one-liners.
Hand to chest.
It was raining snakes up there.
Lieutenant...  Is there... a Russian attack?
Dismissed.
Still is.. Yeah.
Suddenly, behind them, a flame shoots up.
You guys are not only crazy, you're dangerous!
Suddenly, Hollywood nudges him, he turns.
A warning tone goes off in his brain dolu dolu dolu as they lock on him.
He feels that thrill of excitement and fear you get when you know you're targeted in someone's scope.
Nervous buzz in the room.
Going ballistic is dangerous.
I had the shot.
You will obey them.
Dismissed.
We're dead!
Suddenly, there is a WHUMMP... ALARMS...the lights come on.
You broke it!
It is combat.
I was out of line.
You have to shoot him down....
I had the shot.
It dies.
It is still.
Flying?
The noise alone kept me up.
Maverick goes suddenly vertical, zooms straight up.
But suddenly....  Two bogies !
The flying.
It is dangerous up there!
I missed you.
Suddenly an F-5 rises up out of the clouds in front of them--Ice has the advantage and rolls in on him.
This is not good!... (Rising panic.)
Suddenly, he is yanked hard to the side.
He shivers from the cold.
The dark side.
Only when you're depressed.
You're crazy.
Your watch.
Viper studies his face with concern.
Maverick looks at the cockpit as if it's a strange territory, suddenly foreign to him.
He tries to make the move, but he is a man with no secret: he is afraid.
So, you're scared--so what?
A FLASH! Suddenly, Out of nowhere, Hollywood's hit.
Suddenly, the cluster breaks apart.
They come down in a section attack with their cannons blazing.
Suddenly another MiG appears, rocketing straight for him.
Suddenly, his F-14 runs out of energy.
Good!  Cause for a minute there, you had me worried.
Swell!
G forces flatten them.
3,000 feet, we gotta go!
We're low on fuel, Ice.
They crane their necks from their battle stations, sweating into the sun, watching for the approach of F-14's.
Who's the hell is that?
A gloomy night, no moon.
This area is in danger of becoming a ghost town.
He's nice-looking, a little nerdy -- and he's in a blind terror.
Adam reacts in horror.
You need to get over it, Mom.
He's thirteen feet from our house.
He watches her move off, anxious and smitten.
You stress too much.
You were doing your worried thing.
A beat.
A beat.
I -- watched you.
But not in a creepy way.
It sounds creepy.
He's obsessed.
I gotta go.
Where the hell have you been?
Ed is wired, scared.
Charlie also reacts, scared.
Adam and me, we graphed the attack, the disappearances.
But he shakes it off.
Not now, it's dark.
Ed is anxious, watchful.
He can hear Mark approaching in the dark.
Ed falls back and scrambles away, terrified.
Ed, terrified, falls back.
Abandoned.
You've been watching me.
I've been watching you.
Shaking, terrified, Ed brandishes the STAKE.
Weird dreams.
Charlie takes this in, worried.
Homework stuff.
God you're a sight for sore eyes.
Ed's room is a shrine to comic books, horror and fantasy movies.
A threat disguised as "guy talk."
It's on you to watch out for them.
Charlie watches him move into the dark.
You hear that?
Not a big deal-- Charlie's freaked now.
A beat.
He can see faint shadows moving behind the windows in the house, like ghosts.
Hangs up.
Jerry's house is dark.
Charlie's in a panic.
He stands back, what to do? Charlie hears a NOISE.
In a cold panic.
With shaking hands, he retrieves his iPhone and pulls up the "HOW TO PICK A LOCK" screen.
Drops.
Horrified.
In shock.
He's dangerous.
Stop.
Charlie looks after her, worried.
Dark painted nails and heavy eye make-up.
She screams!
CUT!!
Charlie, anxious, follows.
She burned up in my hands.
The whole house looks like that show Dark Shadows.
Pained.
But-- I can't let you get hurt.
How am I going to get hurt?
He disappears into the dark.
The room starts to BURN.
Charlie, Amy and Jane are in a panic.
A beat.
Charlie struggles, terrified.
Terrified and overpowered.
JANE stands over them, quaking with fear and adrenaline.
Bee and Cara need help with Trig -- it's not a party.
The DOCTOR approaches.
Stops.
Stunned.
Haunted.
Both are scared and regretful.
A beat.
(hangs up/then.)
SMASH!!
Peter pushes a BUTTON on a doorway, bolts into a PANIC ROOM.
A panic room!?
You better panic, loser!
Stop.
ARTHUR hides there, terrified.
Drops him.
Blood flies, Charlie can't look -- anguished.
Charlie's paralyzed -- in a world of hurt.
OFF PETER, terrified.
Stop.
A couple makes out in a dark corner, etc.
He hangs up.
It's a nightmare.
He change you?
Peter stops him-- There's no guarantee he'll be asleep during the day.
Slow him down.
A beat.
You just worry about yourself.
I'm bait.
Disappeared.
Calls out in a hushed panic-- Amy? Amy!? Nothing.
Stops.
Both nervous.
In pain, he TRANSFORMS and VAMPS before our eyes with a blood- curdling yell.
He feels the change.
Her eyes are crazed and blood-red.
It's gruesome and terrifying.
Charlie's repulsed, terrified.
Missed.
You missed.
ON PETER, who's pale and shaking...  Charlie attacks them with THE CROWBAR.
I have to kill him with this.
Pained.
But in pain.
Hears this.
His features twisted in a grimace of fear and pain...  It's CHILLING.
Shakes it with his shambling strength.
Quoyle nods, his smile a rictus, his eyes a glaze of panic.
And raps a knife on his glass.
Quoyle paralyzed, then takes it.
Can hear the noise of a rowdy spot.
Slow.
He flinches.
Go? Oh.
A beat.
That stops him.
Ominous.
Has stopped.
BACK to the horrified husband.
Quoyle goes THROUGH them all, cop doggedly in his wake, and sinks to his knees beside...  Bunny on the ratty sofa, legs dangling, holding out a vintage Gameboy.
Calm, slightly scary eyes, that drift to his robe...
And stops.
A beat.
Then, disappears.
CRASH!
Hers across Warren, who sleeps curled to her chest.
A beat.
That concerns him.
The urgency of it.
A stunned.
SLAM.
Nutbeem's tuning his ancient shortwave with a butter knife through the hole where a knob ought to be.
Quoyle shakes him off.
Two harried MOTHERS are trying to cope with the chaos.
Suddenly, wonderfully.
He is in the dawning panic of beginning to realize...  Heads off with a loose-limbed stride.
He watches her.
Eases his way into a fearful crouch.
It has also scared the kid out of her wits.
PULL BACK slightly to reveal that Quoyle has been sitting right beside her all along.
Sees that he's worried half to death.
The wind.
Stops.
Hands on his knees.
And stops.
A beat.
He stops.
Quoyle's heart explodes in his chest.
Back to work.
He mimes catching an arrow shot through his chest.
The sky threatens black.
And VANISHES.
A beat.
She watches that.
A beat.
Grabs himself, suddenly.
Stops.
He's watching her.
Stumbles.
At some primal level, his panic begins.
Stops.
A beat.
Watching his worst nightmare unfold before his eyes.
But he stops.
Then Quoyle fights his way...  ...OUT of the trailer, to cold night air where the party is MUCH wilder, given the elbow room.
Except his foot is tapping, very slightly, to the time of the music.
A dangerous silence.
This worries her.
He looks worried now.
The woman who only smokes when she's worried, pulls out a pack of Camels.
Dark hard eyes, set into worries of their own.
She watches that.
To see the panic.
Through the house in the dark, as the wind SCREAMS its warning.
Into the par- lor where her father sleeps, as the wind suddenly INVADES, and...  ...SUCKS her straight UP the chimney and out INTO the heart of the storm.
Out and out, as gray light rises, to...  ...Quoyle Point, where she is blown FLAT against a granite boulder just in front of the Green House, which SHIVERS and pleads against the wind, its steel cables STRAINING, and suddenly from within the house, lights come ON...  ...the WHITE DOG is in a window.
And on the second floor...  ...PETAL alone, wild-eyed with terror.
Crouches.
Stops.
Shaking as she is, the hand lurches, the big pin goes PLUNGING, and...  ...a rattling COUGH.
We can feel her heart pounding in her throat.
But why are they-so aghast?
They're Your fr - FLAN stops, frightened suddenly, listening.
OUISA runs to HIM, terrified.
You owe me.
We're worried for you FLAN and OUISA look at each other.
Portentous.
You'll be killed.
appears in the Cezanne forest holding his eyes against the projector's light.
PAUL (exhausted and scared.)
I was mugged.
He's bleeding.
Chaos?
Chaos?
He started out as a lawyer and is terrified of libel.
Hmmm, I said.
I hate fist fights... what scares me most is the other guy's face..." I finished the book.
Our boy Holden says "what scares me most is the other guy's face--it wouldn't be so bad if you could both be blindfolded"--most of the time the faces we face are not the other guys' but our own faces.
THEY shake hands.
You watch.
Suddenly the dining room is flooded with light.
I don't want to worry you.
Flan!! OUISA shakes FLAN violently.
Stop it!
THE HUSTLER suddenly lunges at FLAN and grabs FLAN by the lapels of his bathrobe.
OUISA is terrified as PAUL stands at the front door.
I got so afraid.
I was so afraid.
The phone suddenly rings.
My lawyer.
And FLAN and OUISA drive out of the parking lot.
OUISA's hand suddenly flies out of the car window, waving at a couple in their forties, KITTY AND LARKIN, crossing the street.
Burglar!
KITTY (suddenly trapped.)
I am the voice that wakes you up and says this is what I'm afraid of.
It's there to sort out your nightmare, to show you the exit from the maze of-your nightmare, to transform the nightmare into dreams that become your bedrock.
It vanishes.
OUISA and FLAN, KITTY and LARKIN are filled with dread.
He was more scared than hurt.
Strangely, I had identified fear.
Mother told me you beat her! Mom told me you were a rotten lover and drank so A GIRL sits up in bed, terrified.
Arrest him!
Are you afraid Ben is mixed up in this fraud?
The truth is what we were protecting those little people from...  there is a lot to worry about and I'd better start telling the little bastards - start worrying!"
Bodd-ill a bee-ya.
Bodd-ill a bee-ya.
Bodd-ill a bee-ya.
Bodd-ill a bee-ya.
He hangs up.
Bodd-ill a bee-ya.
ELIZABETH shakes him.
HE wakes up terrified at the sight of this hysterical creature over HIM. - people named Kittredge.
- all over the building that I had abandoned some mistake of my past in Central Park!
Horrible!
ELIZABETH sits up in bed in the dark.
THE CAMERA pulls back to reveal it is a puddle of blood, seeping out of a crumpled body.
The body must have just landed there in a clump Because the blood seeping out had not yet reached the gutter...
PAUL, frightened, is on a street phone AND dressed as HE was when TRENT first met him, ragged, scared.
HE wants to be at OUISA's, but his fear wins out.
Go to the police.
PAUL puts the phone receiver over his head in a sudden gesture of fear.
Organized religion destroys who we are or who we can be by inhibiting our actions and decisions out of fear of an intangible parent-figure who shakes a finger at us from thousands of years ago and says "No, no!" Bartleby smiles at the meet-and-greets, warmed.
You had an abortion?
So there I am - devastated.
They shake their placards at her accusingly.
That kills me.
(beat.)
Suddenly, the room explodes in flames.
Suddenly, a skater whips past her, slamming his stick into the back of her knee.
The large figure catches the kid by the throat and quickly head butts him, tossing him to the side.
(beat.)
(shocked.)
Raining down sulfur takes a huge level of endurance.
(beat.)
(defensively.)
We feared worse punishment if we disobeyed Him again.
Where were we afraid He'd send us?
(beat.)
(yelling up.)
Bethany presses her ear to the man's chest.
Death is a worry of the living.
The dead only worry about decay and necrophiliacs.
I died.
So they're dead too?
And why are you watching me?
You were martyred?
Rufus and Bethany can't move they're so frightened.
Suddenly, they both snap into a momentary trance.
(beat.)
Fear.
None of you has anything to fear anymore.
She looks at him, terrified.
(beat.)
A bit. (suddenly nervous.)
(beat.)
The one about the kid, by himself in his house; burglars trying to get in and he fights them off?
(shocked.)
Suddenly, the doors behind them blast open, pouring light into the onc~im room.
Who the hell is it?!
Suddenly, the room is filled with screams and wet, slurpy noises.
They are covered in murky, creamy crap - their wide, white eyes frozen in horror.
They dash.
Suddenly another drop falls.
(beat.)
He cracks up.
Fly?
He escaped?
(shocked.)
(beat.)
And I'm dead.
(beat.)
(beat.)
Jay is asleep on Silent Bob's shoulder, drooling slightly.
I am so buzzed.
But I warned you.
We can work this out...  Is that a knife?
(half asleep.)
Bartleby turns the knife on him.
They struggle.
(in a panic.)
(beat.)
Why are we enemies?
He had the knife at your throat.
Bethany shakes her head no.
(beat.)
Dangerously so.
Escape.
(shakes it off.)
PLEASE!! Please...
Azrael suddenly catches the exchange between the two.
(stands back and hits his own chest.)
You too have been abandonned.
I hear you.
You ever been there?! (really scared.)
ADMIRINGLY stressed.
Suddenly a voice barks out- Jasper!
Jasper looks scared, timid.
As Margaret lays down to sleep, Anne blows out the candle darkening the room.
Creatures from the darkest of Africa.
I'm afraid that Brown and I haven't brought you much luck.
The room goes dark with a blackness more than night.
Solomon lays in the dark and moans.
Or, yah can carry on like yah been, and I fear yah won't live to see Sunday next.
He is born and bred a slave, is lacking in education, and overwhelmed with fear of the situation.
John is nearly beside himself with panic.
She is overcome with emotion.
Don't want to frighten the chil'ren none over a li'l boat ride, do yah?
Scared.
Complete horror.
CAPE PLAYS A PAINFUL TUNE ON A FIDDLE - background music - as Freeman tries to line up A SMALL GROUP OF THE SLAVES, he becomes less patient, jittery and nervous, knowing that his livelihood is at stake, he wants his slaves to make a good impression.
Ford sees the distress and panic in Eliza; it visibly touches him.
(to the slaves:.)
Stop!
You will drown in it.
My back is thick with scars from protesting my freedom.
Tibeats looks at Solomon's back, at the scars from lashings he bears.
The naked horror of it intensely palpable.
Tears of fear flow down Solomon's cheeks.
He is on the verge of panic; a man heading toward his own execution, he begins to struggle and fight.
Clearly he fears Tibeats returning with more and better assistance.
I have a debt to be mindful of.
There is anxiety among the slave, the reason for which soon becomes apparent.
You worry for me?
Again he is attacked by Epps - this time by knife.
The slaves are asleep.
We come up on the slaves who lay sleeping.
No. Take me by the throat.
It is a plague.
Whatever's next, whatever horror awaits, she can barely stand to face.
Fear, proximity...
Solomon has but a moment to brace himself before he is attacked, TAKING A CUT TO THE ARM.
Dey will not go where their dogs show fear and where it always be night.
I live in fear.
His panic should be that tangible.
Her face and arms display many new scars.
Epps heads back out into the dark.
Solomon comes out into the dark.
A beat.
Revealed is a pocket knife, which all through the conversation, unknown to us the audience, was pushed up against Solomon's stomach.
What I find amusing: You worry about my well being in the heat but, quite frankly, the condition of your laborers-- "The condition of my... " What in the hell are you-- It is horrid.
They're my slaves.
A fearful ill, resting on this You betray yourself a foreigner!
I am afraid to tell you, though I don't believe you would tell Master Epps if I should.
I miss them so.
What you have just said to me scares me, and I must say, sir, I am afraid.
To hell with that!
By this time, the slaves in the plantation have overcome their fear of penalty, and left their work and gathered in the yard as witnesses.
Suddenly alert, she has spotted her prey.
Its head pops up - danger.
A knife enters the deer near its anus.
She freezes, sensing danger.
You're dead.
I've killed you.
You were half asleep.
The tree breaks apart.
And fires.
HANNA attacks ERIK.
HANNA is asleep.
You didn't tell me you had a knife.
Suddenly the snow fox freezes, pricks up its ears, looks up, HANNA looks up too.
Did you hear it?
Will you hunt with me?
MARISSA sits in a video conference room surrounded by worried looking faces, with her are her close advisors WALT and BOB.
Hanna...  HANNA looks up, still trying to hide her fear.
Did you hear that?
MILITARY DOCTOR 2 walks across.
(to the guards.)
His voice sounds urgent, concerned.
MARISSA, alone in Langley, suddenly alert.
We're all worried about him.
The FALSE MARISSA looks up to the security camera, slightly concerned.
MARISSA watches, now concerned.
And two more into the first GUARD's chest.
It takes her eyes a moment to adjust to the blinding light.
MARISSA approaches the car.
Blood everywhere.
HANNA climbs a steep dune, eyes down, feet pounding.
She hangs up.
Combined the noises rise to a terrifying crescendo.
She panics.
What did she die of?
ISAACS approaches a BORDER GUARD.
I'm worried about you.
Was it bad?
RACHEL, looking nervous, turns to HANNA.
She starts to nod off... she falls asleep on SOPHIE's shoulder.
HANNA suddenly runs into the woods.
Them's the rules.
I mean you're a freak and everything, but I like you.
Is that the police?
HELLER suddenly emerges from his hiding place and sticks an elbow in the face of one, a knee in the groin of another.
HANNA becomes anxious.
Are we stopped?
He misses you.
HANNA double- kicks him in the chest.
Suddenly ISAACS appears at the end of one alley, HENCHMAN ONE at the end of another, and HENCHMAN TWO at the end of the third.
MILES is terrified of MARISSA.
SEB pounds on the wall from his cell.
We are now very worried about her.
Wilhelm's house.
There are huge fibreglass dinosaurs toppled over with heads missing and abandoned dinosaur legs.
Then, ever so slightly the door opens and peering out at her is a man with the sad face of an out of work clown.
KNEPFLER leads HANNA through a reception area and under a spider with a human face that straddles a door to a run down kitchen.
Her face pale in shock and fear.
He suddenly stops dead and ducks behind a fallen fibreglass dinosaur as he sees two CIA AGENTS sitting in a car outside the house.
Then suddenly she hears a quiet familiar voice.
Breathing fast.
Reduce capacity for fear.
But then she overpowers him, has a knife to his throat.
ERIK turns in panic.
Drop it.
Poor girl's hungry.
HANNA suddenly recoils in horror.
Shaking in shock, HANNAH walks out of the hotel and down the street, in a daze, no idea where she is going.
Still there.
Blood on her hands from the businessman.
Sleep why don't you?
Vulnerable.
HANNA suddenly looking so young as she sleeps the sleep of the innocent.
The rush of emotion shocks her - she is watching HANNA, not the road - and she veers off, nearly crashing the car, narrowly avoiding a tree.
She walks on into the dark.
HANNA starts to shake.
HANNA breathing fast.
All ready to shoot her should she attack or run.
HANNA'S stomach turns in horror.
Through her night vision sight she sees a deer, scared eyes staring back at her.
He shoots it.
They fight.
meet Godse's gaze, and again we get the sense of imminent danger.
We hear the occasional click of a camera, and we intercut with shots of Godse moving tensely up through the crowd, of Apte and Karkare on the periphery of the crowd, watching with sudden fear and apprehension, like men paralysed by the presence of danger.
He looks up suddenly then turns back quickly to his work.
Gandhi glances at the door to see what has frightened him so.
Then the Second Class coach, with people standing at the window to stare at Gandhi -- then the Third Class coaches, again with Blacks and a few Indians looking at Gandhi with mystification and a touch of fear.
A small child sleeps in her arms, and there is a tattered bundle of clothing at her feet.
Ba holds her hand to her mouth -- terrified.
The sergeant turns from the commotion to see that Gandhi, his head oozing blood, has crawled to his knees again and is picking up another card.
He too has stopped.
Charlie hesitates, then follows nervously, more nervous for Gandhi than himself.
He starts forward again, he is almost on the youths -- clearly frightened, but...
He suddenly reaches down and grabs her arm, pulling her roughly to her feet.
Tracking back before Gandhi, Singh and Tyeb Mohammed as they move forward, fear suddenly making their pace more labored.
The mounted police riding on, batons at the ready.
Close on Gandhi, his arms crossed in front of his face, staring up, frightened, but determined to bear it.
The sergeant wheels by the car with the civilian; his police turn their horses, lining up across the road again.
He bends suddenly and signs a group of documents.
He bows slightly and starts out the door.
He is suddenly aware of a well-dressed Indian half-listening to their conversation.
Though her frail face is almost skeletal, it is beautiful but scarred by a severe rash down her cheek and neck.
Suddenly The Indians turn.
Black, and sudden silence.
Then he looks around at the crowd, suspiciously, a touch of inner fear, then back to Gandhi.
A ball is hit.
One or two sergeants-at-arms are trying to keep order, but it the uneven and menacing chanting of "Gandhi...  Gandhi" coming from the mobs outside the courtroom that fills the atmosphere with threat.
The camera pulls back from the dome, revealing the rooftops, the trees and then suddenly, center of frame, the face of General Dyer -- blunt, cold, isolated in a cocoon of vengeful military righteousness.
A ripple of panic now, everyone pressing back, but still they cannot credit what they see.
A dreadful press of panic-stricken people flying toward the walls.
Others seize the idea and in panic throw themselves into the well, dropping out of sight.
Dyer faces him stonily, a seed of panic taking root deep in his gut.
A beat.
We see the whole street, the marchers massed near the corner, spread out, staring at the police, who are now frozen in their mayhem, staring off at the marchers.
A policeman on duty holds the door and the fleeing police, first one, then two more, then the last three, run into the building.
One policeman appears, his face blackened with soot, his hands up over his head.
Azad keeps his eyes fixed on Gandhi, sensing, fearing what is going to happen.
The police are approaching him.
Armed sepoys line the wall.
Austere.
A beat.
And suddenly a mass of people, hidden by the embankment, appear at the top of the steps coming up from the river, and the camera lifts slightly with their movement and we see that they are but the forerunners of a long tendril of humanity that stretches across the river, all the way back to the distant outskirts of the city.
A little band of drummers and flute players suddenly begins to play.
Suddenly the sound of waves and gentle wind.
He is knocked to his knees; blood streams from his head.
A groan of empathic anguish from the waiting volunteers, but then we get A series of shots As the next row moves forward and the horror of the one-sided mayhem proceeds heads are cracked, faces split, ribs smashed, and yet one row of volunteers follows another, and another into the unrelenting police, who knock bleeding bodies out of the way, down into the dip, swing till sweat pours from their faces and bodies.
The outside of Broadcasting House./
Gandhi is staring at Jinnah trying to fathom the source of his anger and fear.
It's cross -- he's worried about other things.
And as the fighting grows more fierce streams of men from each column run back to partake, but the bulk of the two columns hurries off, scrambling, running, some leaving their bundles, fleeing the melee in terror.
Chaos.
He peers down at the dark, rioting streets.
A few hold knives still wet with blood.
Police and soldiers.
Nehru stares at him, feeling the sudden fear that Gandhi means it.
The crowd has spread from him all along the street; they stand against the walls of the houses staring at him, terrified to move.
As the magazine starts to be opened, it is suddenly put to one side.
Their clothes are dirty -- and they are too -- but they are laying knives and guns at Gandhi's feet.
Mirabehn, Azad, Pyarelal, the doctor and others on the roof watch fascinated, a little frightened.
Nahari's face is knotted in emotion, half anger, half almost a child's fear -- but there is a wild menace in  that instability.
Gandhi turns to Mirabehn, his face shaking, peering into her eyes.
Abha suddenly holds a picture up for Gandhi to see.
The sound of panic and alarm begins to grow around them, they suddenly scream and begin to cry.
Blackness.
A moment -- we sense the blackness moving -- like dark smoke.
It's dead.
Threat of more strikes in Venezuela.
The Turks still making noise about Russian crude through the Bosphorus.
Another RUSSIAN glances at the paperwork.
It's a scary smile.
You afraid?
Afraid of the buzz?
I'm afraid of your breath.
There is a recent scar where a kidney would be.
Where's the missile?
Who has the missile?
Bob sweats slightly as he plows on, reading from notes.
And no smoking in my house.
Max, a book-oriented, rather than water-oriented, child is afraid to jump in.
One pool remains dark.
He presses again.
The real worry facing you guys is another year of record pricing.
Nervous, he catches his reflection in a shard of glass of a boarded-up window.
Robby, are you nervous?
They turn and suddenly a metal gate is across the road.
It's near dark in the room.
It's dangerous to travel.
He'll disappear.
The Cleric's sympathetic gaze falls on Wasim who is bruised with black eyes from his beating.
Stop.
It's too bad.
His hands and feet are dark purple and swollen.
They genuflect -- Bennett sprawled over his desk, asleep.
Orphans.
He threw the second creepiest party I've ever been to in Washington.
The spider is a symbol of the sin of man.
He bites the finger of Peter Parker who is now half dark and half light.
A real spider captures, then stings and immobilizes, then watches as the prey takes days to die.
Suddenly they stop.
They wash before prayer.
As she becomes aware of the bandages on his hands, as her worry has been abating, anger has ineluctably filled in behind.
Why was I tortured.
They have suffered years of brutal repression, years of domestic terror from their own rulers.
The man with the 200 foot boat needs a 250 foot boat.
And suddenly I'm a terrorist.
They're worried.
Who's worried about the Nasir job?
Stan, who's worried about me talking?
I changed the diapers and put cream on rashes and gave bottles in the night and went to doctor's check-ups and worried about percentiles...
You still do.
THE BOMBER, 19, stands in a field of dry rubble and flowers, is both nervous and confident, a backpack anything but innocuous at his feet.
I wish for everyone who hears this to fear God and to follow God and his prophets.
A bee is on his arm.
Worried and suspicious, they.sit on rugs and recline against pillows.
Other vehicles race forward and surround Bob's car, forcing it to stop.
Soldiers with their weapons on Bob.
Farooq is terrified.
Dentists go to medical school?
You have emergencies?
The monitor goes dark.
Emergency?
That's going to need emergency surgery.
I was trying to keep my face out of the wind.
You're afraid to ask your wife.
It's horrifying.
I was worried.
It looks like you had a stress-induced panic attack.
Stress-induced?
Suddenly, BOB enters the room.
(blows a breath into it.)
A wimp? What?
You're afraid of girls.
I'm afraid of girls.
You're afraid to talk to one.
Bob is afraid they'll kill him in his sleep.
The pull into the parking lot and climb off their bikes.
Leg's asleep.
Leg's asleep.
We can press on.
Dudley looks concerned.
A look of worry creeps over his face.
Where'd he go?...  Oh.
She has a radiant sweetness, even though she's scared to death.
woody looks worried.
(suddenly meek again.)
In the middle sits a sparkling, unridden Harley Davidson police bike.
You're afraid of your cat.
They are chubby, thirty-year old twins - identical in every way, except for the fact that Buck is missing an ear on the right side of his head...  which the skin has scarred back over.
Earl shakes the guys hands.
It's a way to prove you aren't controlled by fear.
Alert?
I'll kill you!
Bob does an impression of how he dodged it and goes for some more high fives - but suddenly, the bull charges into frame and nails him.
I have a soulmate.
Woody is frozen with fear.
They'll hear you!
We see all the townspeople have stopped enjoying themselves, and just stand there, scared.
Where the hell are they!?
They're still out there.
Well, you're going to have to, Bob! We're not going to screw over an entire town because you're afraid of women!
He suddenly looks troubled.
Dudley is starting to look a little nervous.
We'll break his hands!
Those guys are afraid of me, now.
He went there to save everybody and now they're going to break his hands.
Fearless.
The Hells Angels are suddenly silent.
Doug starts to look a little worried.
The sand hits Jack in the chest and falls away.
If the infection in that tooth gets to the root - it could seep into your nervous system.
CHARLEY is riding his shiny Harley Davidson police bike.
They're stunned.
We're not going to live in fear of your gang anymore, Jack.
We can risk it.
It is sooo refreshing to hear you say that, because isn't that what everyone thinks but is afraid to say?
They hang up.
It's reckless!
I'm beat.
(beat.)
ASAPa She panics, starts to elongate her right leg, points her toe, flexes her leg, flips her hair.
(beat.)
But I think you need more dark up top to balance it out, do have any black beads?
That's a risky move.
He watches.
She stops him.
Annie is nervous, starts biting her nails.
Sorry...  Well, it's official.
I still have it.
She hears.
Sirens.
(beat.)
I gotta go.
That's my other line.
I want balls in my face.
(gasp.)
I gotta go.
That was disgusting!
She was crazy.
He accidentally nudges her off the car.
What's that on your arms?
(beat.)
It's gonna be uncomfortable and weird...
The girls drive on a dark road.
It's pitch dark out.
Weirdo.
Why is everyone attacking me?
I hate to interrupt this riveting discussion but a really creepy guy in a Trans Am just pulled over.
The girls are scared.
Oh, well, sorry.
I'm a cop.
Abandoned derricks loom in the distance.
They are stunned.
He misses.
She is apprehensive.
He shrugs and turns his back and quickly glances over his shoulder as Dave rides away.
Moocher appears holding a huge barbell at shoulder height.
The two room house is empty except for a sleeping bag and a wooden foot locker -- Moocher resumes working with the barbells.
She seems nervous and is constantly looking from the road to the rearview mirror.
He stops suddenly.
I need a job, Mike.
He stops suddenly when he hears the word "shorty."
He tosses the sponge aside and walks out shaking the pain from his fist.
I'm afraid to talk to him.
I'm afraid if I did, I'd see his eyes twirling like pinwheels.
I can't eat while that noise is on.
He suddenly clutches his heart.
Mrs. Blase is frightened.
That was God's warning to us.
I'm having a nightmare.
But it's dark enough to be evening.
His eyes fall on his potbelly.
worried.
One of the drawers falls out of the chest.
Mr. Blase pulls into the parking lot and gets out.
The NOISE of MACHINERY is HEARD from the huge building.
The NOISE is now DEAFENING.
It wax dark.
It's getting dark.
What are cutters?
Stops.
Watch this.
Dave-is frightened.
He shakes it.
What're you cutters doing here?
It's not that he's afraid of a fight, it's just that he's on a foreign turf.
I'm scared.
He'd be dead now.
He'll hear you.
I think you're just afraid of those college guys.
The only thing I'm afraid of is wasting the rest of my life with you guys.
What the hell's he doing.
with his head and starts bleeding.
It= tired of worrying about him.
He's ready to fall asleep.
I have big exam tomorrow.
Are you crazy?
Suddenly, Dave, bent over and breathing hard appears in the FRAME.
He stops.
The hell with them.
What, you afraid.
He's in pain.
He drops his foot off the pedal and shakes his leg as-if trying to shake out a cramp.
Aren't you going to come and see us race, Dad? He's afraid he'll bring you bad luck if he comes.
They seem very nervous.
Mike seems the most nervous of all.
You mean one of as...  Once again I say oopsl Mike looks frightened.
Into this panic Dave roars in with his bike.
Too bad he...
,The leaves are falling off here too and blowing in the wind.
He watches her.
Ma'am, can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Am I dead?
your belt.
Oh my God, what happened to you?!? It's OK, Mom, it's not my blood... !
Whose blood is it?
They shake hands.
Why don't you drop bombs -- Afghanies?
I gotta go home.
Why wouldn't I be nervous about that?
Now maybe I'm doing something really horrible to you without being aware of it, but I have a show opening in two weeks, I'm very nervous about it, I'm seeing a new person and I'm obviously anxious about you and Curtis liking him -- whether you think I should be or not! -- you were involved in a horrible traumatic accident, you're going on this crazy horseback riding trip with your father -- Oh my God! -- which sounds like a recipe for disaster to me!
Yeah: I don't usually get nervous because I think it's worth it: I usually get nervous because I can't help the way I feel.
(She stops.
WE CUT BETWEEN THEM.
That makes you dangerous.
I was covered in blood!
It was a shock.
It's shock.
Put a little pressure on him.
She sees MR AARON approaching on a bike.
I'm gonna go.
pain?
WE CUT BETWEEN THEM.
You know, Ramon...this may sound very stupid to you, but do you ever worry that we don't have very much in common?
Because start -- Oh, it's not because they both like to kill they've been occupied and Jews.
He hangs up.
ACCIDENTS.
Rob.
We're still here.
Oh my God, oh I'm so sorry.
I think they're very anxious to settle, but I also do think that at this moment they're under the maximum amount of pressure we can really bring to bear, and I don't believe they're gonna come up any higher -- Hey.
Suddenly the heavyset biker finds himself flying through the nearest window.
Janelle storms into the room.
Down one cheek is a long scar, from just below the eye to her upper lip.
Reassuringly shakes his head no.
And in the look that his death and the horror she has been through since hasn't touched their love at all.
Sarah shakes her head no.
So does the cop.
JOHN, transfixed by terror, is trapped in the narrow featureless shooting gallery of the corridor.
Suddenly, Terminator's eyes snap open.
John is frantically pumping the kick-start of his bike, scared shitless and the damned thing won't start.
His hands are shaking so badly he can't find the choke.
This nightmare isn't happening.
Panicked, he pulls a little ahead.
T-1000 approaches the big German Shepherd, which slinks away from it, barking in fear.
T-1000 walks down the dark hall.
John is freaking out, too.
He bends down.
Sarah's eyes snap suddenly alert.
She is totally alert, almost feral in her movements.
THE CRUISER pulls in next to the other police vehicles.
The tip of the stick hits the wall.
She holds the baton like a pro, laid back along the forearm, police- style.
She looks dangerous.
It hunches up silently into a quivering shadow in the darkness past the guard.
syringe.
His horrified eyes rack toward it.
Sarah spins on the orderly and catches him across the throat with the nightstick.
One of them hits the panic button and ALARMS begin to sound.
Slams it.
Is this a nightmare?
Arms.
Dead.
A sign at the turnoff says:     CHARON MESA     2 MI of aging house-trailers, surrounded by assorted junk vehicles and desert-style trash.
She approaches the trailer.
She has changed.
In the rear-view it sees a BIKE COP pulling onto the shoulder behind it.
An outsider.
Sarah from another life, uncontaminated by the dark future.
She is gasping.
Sarah struggles to breathe, running her hand through her hair which is soaked with sweat,  She can escape from the hospital, but she can't escape from the madness which haunts her.
Sarah's knife is still embedded there.
terrified to move.
Sarah is crazy-eyed now, shaking with the intensity of the moment.
Tarissa drops to the knees, terrified as she looks into the muzzle of the gun.
Why is this nightmare happening?
The .45 is trembling.
It's as if she's backing away in terror from what she almost did.
His face, his posture, his ragged voice express soul-wrenching terror.
It walks down the dark hallway.
Fires it up.
SMASH!
It's carnage.
Suddenly, the green light on the lock goes on and it unlocks with a clunk.
The security duo of Moshier and Gibbons cowers behind cars in the parking lot in front of the building.
They SHATTER.
The bandages at his shoulder are soaked with seeping blood.
They're scarred.
The whole front of his jacket is blown open, revealing his metal armor chest.
The chopper lifts out in a power climb, roaring away across the parking lot toward the fleeing SWAT van.
wreck.
John looks back in new terror as -- The T-1000 rises to man-height.
The air shivers with a pounding roar.
John shakes his head no.
SUDDENLY a dark mass moves toward him.
The index finger extends as a gleaming needle, toward her eye -- cleaves it head and body in two down to the naval.
Terminator.
He is pinioned.
She FIRES again.
A terrifying, inhuman siren of a scream.
Vanishes.
He moves slightly and the human side of his face comes into the light.
A strange, creeping panic.
This whole experience is starting to freak him out.
Fear starts to grip him as the hallucination simply continues.
Who the hell's that?
Anxiety ripples through Colter.
Seized by cosmic panic.
Wake up!
Now there is only darkness.
There was a bomb.
Everything goes dark.
We HEAR Colter's nervous Hey.
Watches.
I was worried about him.
Motion sickness, I'm afraid.
That bomb has a cell phone detonator.
An executive.
Which has remained off.
Our intel says there are more attacks are coming today.
The capsule begins to SHAKE.
Terrorist?
Are you an operative?
I can have you arrested.
A worried CONDUCTOR runs past them, talking rapidly into his radio.
We catch the words "bomb threat."
A WARNING ALARM begins beeping.
Colter hugs himself, shivering.
A terrifying silence.
It shocks him.
The image shakes for a moment as he adjusts it.
He's torturing me.
I'm helpless.
Anxious now.
What's vulnerable?
Did she die, too?
It's too bizarre.
You're intimidated by him.
You're scared of him.
The hell I am.
Troubled, he hands back her phone.
She feels bad for him.
Watching her.
Mounting fear.
Scared of him.
They both stop.
She stops.
Shuddering in fear.
Crouching there, a nightmare, ruling over him.
These attacks will show you that you will never be safe.
Operator.
It's urgent.
This is crushing.
Colter fights back terror.
After death?
Drop it.
A fearful beat.
You hear me?
Shuddering.
The tentacles of the nightmare slowly releasing.
Gripped by another terror.
Who's the bomber?
He's helpless.
Stop being afraid.
A stranger to her again.
She hangs up.
Anxiety creeps into her face.
What the hell???
All fright.
What's the next attack?
His stomach sinks.
They're going to bomb the bridges.
The monitor is dark.
Whether or not they can stop the bridge attack, we came up with the intelligence.
Armed MILITARY POLICE clatter down the steps.
The stress of her day.
Beat.
Is she crazy?
Colter's breath catches in his throat.
Arrest him!
He's dying... !
You're a murderer.
She stops.
Still here.
They shake hands.
They're threatening my daughter.
Whitacre puts down the phone and walks through the large, dark house.
He opens the bedroom door and the wedge of light finds Ginger already half-asleep.
She's scared enough.
I figured if you guys thought my daughter was in danger you'd just pay Fujiwara and all this FBI stuff would go away.
Bugged?
And that's what scared me.
They're afraid of what you guys might find out.
Your government?
Beat.
We know you lied to us about the phone line and you're afraid of that.
I think you guys hanging around has really scared ADM straight, too-- word is we're going to do things by the book.
Herndon fits him with a blood pressure cuff and puts electrical clips on his fingers.
And you perspiration while we sleep?
A beat.
Andreas walksaway.Whitacre and Ikeda shake hands.
Tarrance responds with a string of expletives and threats to knock McDeere's teeth down his throat.
His eyes are filled with terror.
I got the association past their fears.
Herndon starts spreading shave cream across Whitacre's chest.
A What? Whitacre looks down at his chest-- so does everyone else.
Whitacre panics.
Helpless.
A beat.
Whitacre is shaken.
Attorney?
I was good wasn't I? I seemed scared.
Whitacre is in a feigned panic.
Slow down.
AGENT TEMPLES sits in his car outside the house on his cell phone.
I mean you scared the hell out of Terry and you should've seen Mick and the lawyers.
I didn't want her to be scared.
Like I said, I didn't want her to be scared.
Sorry about the FBI arresting your son and investigating your company...  Maybe you all should've listened to me.
They shake hands.
Whitacre is freaked out.
What lawyer?
A beat.
A beat.
A strange light blows out the windows of the kitchen.
Beat.
Epstein shakes his head "no" but Whitacre has other plans.
They couldn't come in the house.
You owe me.
Whitacre's kids come out of the house and stand clustered at a distance confused and terrified.
That's what I've been accused of.
I was abducted.
I can manage without it now that there's less stress.
A Green Lynx Spider.
You're gonna scare him away.
Reacting, the spider zips up its thread, is lost in the darkened ceiling.
He's crazy.
Vampires.
Vampires?
Suddenly Darren spins...
I gotta go.
It's haunted.
Vanished.
The only difference from his pictures is he's a bit older and a SCAR runs down his left cheek.
Reacts.
A spider! Crepsley makes the introduction.
A ripple of worry runs through the crowd.
The spider sets its front legs on the bars, pulls itself through.
Then, she moves around his throat, starts to climb his face using his scar as her guide.
Looking out between her hairy legs, his eyes are wide with horror.
Stumbles.
As he heads further into the dark.
Stops short as a LIGHT suddenly cuts through the gloom to his left.
Are you an orphan?
You have bad blood.
You're evil.
Disappeared.
The house dark.
Busted.
Scared.
Poison control couldn't ID it.
She shakes Darren hard.
Your spider bit my friend Steve.
The night has a weird chromatic look.
Is he dying?
Darren wakes with a start as she gives him a little shake.
On the tip of each finger and two thumbs are small round WHITE SCARS.
She thinks he's overjoyed, can't see his look of terror.
Nervous.
It's cruel.
Moves toward a corner away from the...  SNAKE who's suddenly alert.
The snake STRIKES...
What happened to the spider?
I killed it.
A dark, ravenous look.
A beat.
I'm starting to think it's me that's scary.
Annie asleep already.
Then suddenly overwhelmed, she buries her face in their Dad's chest.
A WHITE SCAR at the end of each one.
My legs are asleep.
What do you have against vampires?
Are you crazy?
Scared, he nods.
Dark enough? (on the other side.)
The days of the Terror.
Darren looks terrified.
Did you kill her?
A barely perceptible scar.
Scary, done up like a Las Vegas high roller.
Vanished.
Blood splashes the wall as Sinewy One appears, dropping to his knees.
Sinewy Two near frozen in fight with Crepsley who is in mid swing with the knife in his head.
Crepsley arcs the knife into Murlough's shoulder.
In pain.
It goes black except for a glint in Crepsley's eyes.
Vampires?
That's crazy.
Crepsley touches the scar on his face, remembers.
Stripped, ragged, weird.
And I'm still here.
To be poisoned by a spider may be my fate.
Still dark.
Concerned, Crepsley steps over.
You need blood.
We can make out the shape of a head as whoever it is leans in ever so slightly from the dark.
The 'voice' pulls back his knives, steps out.
His face is crossed with scars.
We were being hunted.
Who was hunting you?
Darren sees'the scars on Gavner Purl's fingertips.
Darren raises his own hand so Gavner can see his scars.
War.
As Gavner waits for Darren to tell him...  I'm afraid if I drink blood, I'll become evil.
We were at war.
He blooded me, as he blooded you.
Let's scare the crap out of him...
They begin to creep in, flanking the unsuspecting Sam.
They couldn't see it in the dark last night.
I get scared easy.
From where she dropped.
You're crazy!
Darren crosses his arms across his chest.
He stops.
(shakes it off.)
Evra's doing his snake act tonight.
An usher in the house of usher.
Too bad.
Crepsley is driven back, parrying each thrust and attack as it comes.
Crepsley catches Murlough's left wrist, the second blade dangerously close to retracing the scar on Crepsley's face.
He matches the move -- Buries one of his knives into Crepsley's stomach.
Disappears.
Steve holds up his hands so Darren can see the WHITE SCAR on the tip of each finger.
From their POV, Crepsley suddenly disappears.
Why does it hide?
One of the vampaneze's knives clatters away.
The wolfman tears into Sam... Reacts in horror.
Then he heads for the hills, disappears into the dark.
We need to get the blood inside outside.
Crepsley brings up his knife.
Murlough looks down at the handle of the knife, then back at Crepsley whose throat he still holds.
To the precipice.
I miss him.
Disappearing into the dark.
It's our fight.
A beat.
Katie continues to bounce- One boy suddenly looks down, scared.
Suddenly, another CAPPER  comes up.' Are.
This is crazy.
My neck gets sore.
worst fears have been realized.
-Once your worst :fears have been realized.
They are blowing on their hands.
The wake.
to .hide
his stomach muscles.
He screams.
outside.
Eli and Scottie watch, worried.
Oh god, I'm sorry, I'm, like, in my underwear.and
beat.)
Oh my god, is that going, to.
Stealing?
(after a beat.)
I'm too scared.
Stop.
Is this against the rules'?
a' rule.
Adam is asleep.
A little worried.
beat.)
(a beat.).
a disaster.-The'
what are you doing here, bad?
Sumaire is looking at Adam's neck on an exam.
Sudden outbursts of emotidn are common.
What rule?
beat.)'
Do you have pain?
He's dead.
(.a beat.)
Be died.
Where are we going to get-that?
It's dark and empty.: Carmen is asleep next to him in bed.
my Bitch.
So much,-so much it's freaking me out.
Why are you afraid of being loved?
He's on fire.
Adam is shaking hands with an agent, it's 'the end of the meeting.
lined up.
She panics a little, turns and leaves.
People are running away from her,, screaming and scared.
Sorry- I'm nervous, it's my first.
down the gun.
People in a car are looking over at another car,., scared.
They're both a little freaked out.
Adam keeps his eyes open, scared out of his mind.
I thought it was just because my dick was too big and it scared them-But apparently-that's not the problem.
,(a beat.)
(a beat.)
How does this work--'head on your shoulder, head on- your .chest?
But this' time, they are asleep, wrapped in each other's arms.
Suddenly, the roof panels of the SUV FOLD OPEN.
Jane's worried.
Worried, Jane heads back down into the vehicle.
A huge BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down through the center of the funnel cloud before them with a terrifying intensity.
Suddenly, he GROANS, and she's startled, then relieved, as his eyes flutter open.
A worried Frigga covers his hand with her own.
I worry for you.
I've destroyed demons and monsters, devastated whole worlds, laid waste to mighty kingdoms, and still you worry for me?
Nervous, brother?
4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 9. Have you ever known me to be nervous?
EELS pour over the sides of the goblet, slithering out and across the terrified Attendant's hand.
Stop.
She eyes the weapons on the table.
I'll miss you.
Frigga approaches behind him, sees his anxiety.
It's all right to be nervous.
LARGE SHADOWS suddenly loom over them.
They look up and SHOUT in terror as they raise their weapons.
Beat.
It is THE DESTROYER.
The Destroyer.
I fear we'll live to regret this.
Volstagg, terrified, calls out to the sky.
Be warned.
Thor and the others turn and stare out in horror and wonder at the frozen alien wasteland before them.
Volstagg shivers.
Hiding.
Not to his foot soldiers.
Hogun sees Sif in danger.
He pulls a HIDDEN KNIFE from his sleeve and hurls it at Sif's attacker, hitting him square in the chest.
(to Hogun, re: knife.)
She races into the group of Frost Giants who attacked her and takes them out.
Hang on!
Hogun looks down, suddenly worried, as Volstagg's blade cuts deep -- and perilously close to hacking into Hogun's legs.
They look down, suddenly filled with dread when they see shadowy figures moving in the ice -- dozens of JOTUN WARRIORS awakening beneath the surface, rousing to join the battle.
I can stop them!
The swirling mists quickly engulf the fleeing Asgardians before them.
They dare not move, for fear of falling through, into the void below.
The Giants part in fear as he thunders into their ranks, stopping before Laufey and the Asgardians.
The Asgardians start to react, thinking it's an attack, but Laufey just stands face- to-face with Odin.
There won't be a kingdom to protect if you're afraid to act!
When he speaks again, there's something terrifying beneath the calmness of his words.
Through your arrogance and stupidity, you have opened these peaceful Realms and innocent lives to the horrors of war.
You dare threaten Thor with so puny Darcy fires, the electrified wires shooting out of the taser, ZAPPING him in the chest.
He's changed.
As he does, a blueness spreads from his arms, across his body.
You were knee-deep in Jotun blood.
Guards!
But he's put it off for so long now, I fear...  Loki takes her hand.
Loki looks to Frigga, concerned.
It's dangerous.
He's dangerous.
My mother fears he may never awaken again.
We're here investigating a security threat.
Sitwell talks into his radio, starting to look worried.
She hangs up.
Thor emerges from the shadows, watches the Guards abandoning the site entrance.
The ATV Driver looks forward in panic as the ATV approaches the crater lip.
Coulson climbs to the lip of the crater as a light rain begins to fall.
The light rain becomes a downpour.
With a gun.
Rain and blood run down Thor's face.
He lunges forward, whipping his feet in front of him, then kicks out, nailing the Huge Agent in the chest.
Armed AGENTS approach behind him.
You have dangerous coworkers, Dr. Selvig.
He's as weak as you are.
I will hear you.
Tell me, did Odin ever fear you?
A beat.
He approaches, belligerent and looking for a fight.
Emerging from behind the car where Selvig fell, Thor stands up, Selvig slung over his shoulder, and starts to walk up the street towards Jane's trailer.
A worried Jane lies on her bed, trying to read.
Jane suddenly becomes self-conscious.
We're doomed.
The four exchange nervous glances.
As it quickly fades into view, we realize what it is -- The blueness creeps from his hands and up his arms, as Loki opens the Casket towards Heimdall, who is fast approaching.
Loki starts to get worried.
Loki breathes a sigh of relief and steps past him.
He pulls her behind a burning vehicle.
The Destroyer unleashes its blast at Thor's body, when -- A blinding BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding with the Destroyer's blast.
Mjolnir collides with the Destroyer's fiery energy blast, overpowering it, pushing it back, forcing it downwards at the Destroyer.
I fear the worst.
Suddenly, the Bifrost EXPLODES down from the sky.
She looks at him, her eyes filled with the fear that she may never see him again.
The Brute is nearly upon him, when the Jotun stops suddenly, his eyes going wide.
To kill me?
I've changed.
They and their weapons collide.
Thor, bleeding, rises to his knees.
He's at a loss of what to do.
The blow is massive, causing a rumbling along the whole bridge, shaking the Observatory itself like an earthquake.
Stop!
Lulling the Destroyer into a false sense of security!
Big stomach.
And he misses her.
The mortal.
From behind, Darcy approaches, hands her a flash drive.
A beat.
Balancing boxes, they manage to shake hands.
Suddenly, a hand grabs her shoulder.
Sara stays by the wall, afraid of getting any spilled on her.
A beat.
A beat.
I've gotta go.
A beat.
Do you miss him?
I'm afraid we're full.
He stops her.
She looks out, anxious for Sara to come home.
A beat.
(being a martyr.)
She flinches.
Blood trickles down her ear onto her neck.
Her eyes glowing in the dark.
She says you...  scared her this morning.
It's more like she scared me.
Busted!
A beat.
What the hell?
Tracy, back in her towel, nervous now, feels her way along the wall again.
A beat.
A beat.
Bitch.
Tracy -- wide-eyed and terrified -- stares at Rebecca.
A beat.
I was just worried about you.
You don't need to worry about me.
A beat.
Stop.
She avoids him.
Suddenly: A BUZZING SOUND from Sara's desk.
I miss you.
She stops.
We broke up.
Outside.
I went after her, but...  I'm so sorry.
It was an accident.
A beat.
Your midterm designs are due Friday.
She crosses her legs, her knees accidentally brushing against his.
I'd like to see more danger in your work.
Do you see enough danger in me now, Professor?
Did I go to a dark enough place for you?
He yells again.
A beat.
She punches herself again.
Gasps.
I'll miss you.
As a parent you worry.
You scared me.
Medication?
Did she hear them?
Medication?
Suddenly, Rebecca gets up.
They want to back up their friend, but they look as scared as she does.
A beat.
APD -- anti-social personality disorder.
A beat.
A beat.
She stumbles out into the...
A beat.
She's nervous, but she needs to do this.
She looks giddy and nervous.
The girl's own parents are afraid of her.
And as she moves we go behind her and see, shining in the low light, the utility knife beneath her bra strap.
Her hands reach behind her and ease out the utility knife.
Jason's eyes widen in shock, horror, and now pain as her unseen hands drive the knife deep into his gut.
He gasps.
Horror-stricken by what she sees.
Irene mumbles, her eyes wide open in terror.
A beat.
Stop!
Worried...  clearing the hair from Sara's face.
As Sara rises...  Rebecca knees her in her stomach, knocking the wind out of her.
I know you're scared, Sara.
Fresh panic rising in Irene's eyes.
He lifts his arm high and balls his fist before he puts it right in her face full throttle, knocking her out cold.
But a shadow rises behind him.
And now Sara stares in horror as...  Blood runs down his face.
The gun shakes violently in her hand.
Dead.
We see the trace of a thick, ropy SCAR by his Adam's apple.
Nervous.
Shakes it vigorously.
Can't help but focus in on his scar.
The Cherokee parked next to a police car outside a plain, one- storey building.
Will flares up.
It's dark in his room, quiet.
Suddenly the shade on his window quivers and SNAPS up, flooding the room with light.
We can see the rest of his scar.
A bell JINGLES when he shakes it.
Will stops.
Ellie shakes her head, unfortunately not.
Crouching down.
Furtive.
Too dangerous.
Will crouches down by the trap door and...  ...drops down into a dark, dank TUNNEL.
Blood seeping through his fingers.
Misses!
A HAND suddenly grabs her arm.
Horrified.
Suddenly leaps to his feet.
Turns suddenly and swipes his arm across Nyback's desk.
He grows suddenly pale.
Will stops.
Eyes burning.
SLAM!
Suffocating.
LIGHT floods the room.
Shakes out a couple.
Cutting her off.
Watches as...  Will suddenly stops.
She stops.
Slow.
Suddenly has a pounding headache.
Stops.
Spooked.
WATCHING HIM.
Suddenly, he stops talking.
WATCHING WILL.
Dark circles under his eyes.
As his heart begins to POUND against his chest.
Eyes dark, distant.
Stunned.
Crouches down.
It dies.
SCREECH!
She's screaming at him.
She stumbles.
She struggles more.
Repulsed.
SUDDENLY the phone RINGS.
A dark stairway.
His eyes, dragged open from fatigue.
Veers over to it.
Watching him.
SUDDENLY Will lunges at him.
Eyes burning.
Excruciating.
He hangs up.
We fire!
LIGHT floods the room.
Looking up at concerned.
Like a crazy man's...  SUDDENLY a knock on the door.
More urgent.
He stops.
Rachel behind will, her finger tracing his scar.
Rachel, listens in horror.
The rain, PATTERING.
A shiver down Will's spine.
The gun.
A dark, narrow boarding room.
She bends down.
In protest.
Screams.
A dark shadow crosses his face.
Stops.
She stumbles.
She stops.
Looming before him...
A ghost of what it once was.
OUTSIDE.
Dark, narrow, floorboards worn.
SUDDENLY, darts out of sight.
Will GASPS.
WILL'S HAND suddenly shoots out.
He CRIES out, covering his head... touches his ear, panics - hearing aid's gone!
Doorway three... SUDDENLY runs past number one.
Shadowy.
On the ground.
Washing the blood from his skin.
Stops her.
CAMERA PULLS BACK, revealing THREE KNIGHTS, beleaguered, scarred, returning from the Crusades.
The Boy suddenly looks nervous, too.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
The Boy shivers, fearful.
I saw his scars and empty eye sockets.
Then, from O.S., the horse gives a series of frightened NEIGHS.
The Boy steps away in horror, then hurriedly stumbles back to his companions and frantically shakes them awake.
But what the men see scares them shitless.
The men cower, shivering...  Suddenly, the cart is flipped over as if it weighed nothing, revealing the terrified Knights beneath it.
A shadow falls over them.
It GROWLS.
Then suddenly, the tree beneath him begins to move.
They look up as Isabelle emerges from the cottage, daintily carrying the spider.
Isabelle crouches, letting the spider crawl off her hand.
Having trouble walking?
Isabelle nods, shaken.
He's an orphan?
Rosemaria looks at it for a beat...  Roxanne suddenly notices that Rosemaria isn't with them.
Your parents fear the Wolf because they remember when it did kill people from the village.
Rumors began to spread that we were cursed.
Isabelle is fast asleep.
Eerie, still, dark.
Lucie gives the bridge a nervous look and starts across it...
She's alone, cold and afraid.
And fear.
Suddenly, there's an urgent KNOCK at the door.
What the hell was she doing out there?
A stunned silence comes over the room.
Suddenly: Suzette slaps her across the face.
Watching what?
For forty years, we have lived in fear of it.
CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES over the anxious face of the hunters.
Suddenly...  a wolf HOWLS outside.
The cave is as deep and dark as a monster's throat.
Suddenly, a woman GASPS.
Did you hear what it did to him?
I was too scared.
A beat.
Isabelle suddenly looks ill.
He's already half-asleep.
Everyone stops what they're doing, listening, suddenly apprehensive.
Leading the Soldiers is the CAPTAIN OF THE GUARD, his helmet adorned with a blood-red plume.
A beat.
It attacked me.
I hacked at it with an axe and suddenly it was gone.
There was blood on my axe.
But he did scream.
He is dead.
Attewater gives Solomon a nervous look.
Cesaire is asleep, a flask in his hand.
You're bleeding.
A beat.
I'm afraid if I leave you I might wake up.
I've never seen it full before...  Suddenly -- the CHURCH BELLS start to ring.
People start to panic.
The Villagers gape in horror.
Suddenly, a group of Villagers throw off their cloaks, revealing themselves to be Solomon's armored Soldiers.
They bravely press the attack, but they're no match for the beast.
It attacks Solomon's horse, biting its neck and dragging it to the ground.
Isabelle and Roxanne gape in horror, then run.
People are fleeing the village and running toward the church.
The Wolf is dragging Soldier #2's body out of the cottage by the ankles when its ears suddenly prick up.
It's being watched.
It looks up...  ... and sees Claude standing at the end of the street, paralyzed with fear.
Claude shivers.
The Devil's voice.
Kill you?
Suddenly, the Wolf jumps onto its hind legs, puts its forepaws on the wall on either side of Isabelle, its muzzle only inches from her face.
Suddenly, the sound of MEN SHOUTING.
She looks down at Roxanne's terrified face, torn.
A beat.
It only growled.
Is she dead?
Shivering, the Soldier nods.
I was up all night worrying about you.
Suddenly, there's a KNOCK at the door.
What's he afraid of?
Is she being serious?
He was with us when the Wolf attacked.
A beat.
She cringes.
SMASH!
Isabelle and her parents are jolted from their sleep by Soldiers barging into their home.
She huddles against the wall, shivering.
She looks up, her eyes going wide in disgust and horror...  It's Claude.
He moans again.
Isabelle gives Grandmother a frightened look.
He's been hanged.
Roxanne falls to her knees.
Realization and horror.
You have more to lose.
A beat.
Coward!
The knife flashes.
The Figure breathes a sigh of relief and takes his hand away from the knife.
Attewater reacts, concerned.
Suddenly, the door bursts open and the Captain enters, flanked by Soldiers.
Suddenly, Cesaire pulls a club out of his boot and hits the Captain across the back, knocking him to his knees.
Isabelle sees them going...  and suddenly SCREAMS.
A beat.
Suddenly: a long, ululating HOWL.
BANG!
The Villagers run away in fear, but the Soldiers stand their ground and the Wolf attacks.
Dark eyes peer from an open barn door.
As Isabelle nears the end of the alley, the Wolf suddenly appears in front of her, blocking her path.
Then suddenly -- -- the gap between the buildings closes further and the Wolf is stopped short, choking, its head caught in the narrow space.
Suddenly...  a long, hideous SNARL.
It bleeds!
The Wolf raises its hackles, trying to scare them, but they start closing in, jabbing at it with weapons and farm implements.
And with that, it turns and flees into the night.
A beat.
But then she HEARS them again.
She edges out, stepping carefully on the snow-covered boards, holding onto the rope with both hands...  Suddenly -- CRACK!
I've been worried about you.
When you didn't come back yesterday, I was afraid...
There's blood on its paw.
She breaks out in a sweat.
I'm afraid I ate most of her.
Henri crouches in the woods, clutching his hammer...  then freezes with terror.
He sees the Wolf slink by in the dark, dragging Adrien along by his throat.
Isabelle looks into his eyes...  and recoils in horror.
Killing at will.
The two werewolves are chasing a FRIGHTENED PEASANT, moving in for the kill...
Isabelle is fast asleep.
Suddenly -- CRUNCH!
The cottage is dark and quiet.
There's a huge scar on his arm.
I spent last night in the woods because I was afraid of what might happen...
I changed.
The candle is on the floor, casting weird shadows.
The knitting needles are covered in blood.
Slow.
Pained.
I remember, there's a new holy terror boss-man in the future, and he's closing all the loops.
But Abe shakes his hands, not where he's going.
Will you kill him?
What we'll do is dangerous in that regard, but not as dangerous as killing him, and not by twice as having him run free.
Joe I let him run more than a few days, the boys in the future get nervous, then bing! my replacement shows up.
With a gun.
But stops.
On the palm of his right hand, a WEATHERED SCAR.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, more intricate scarring has appeared down its length.
The scars spell out clearly: aBE AT 75 WIRE STREET IN 15 Old Seth's breath returns, jagged.
Terror and indecision seizes his chest, so much so that it takes a moment for him to realize the sound of his breathing has changed to a ragged whistle.
He lifts his hand, now with just two fingers, to his face...  and the smooth scarred hole where his nose used to be.
The car screeches to a halt, and its harsh white light shows Old Seth's missing right ear, and deep scars down his face.
Then falls as his leg goes to the knees.
Deep in the dark doorway we glimpse a DOCTOR in a surgical frock smeared with bright red blood.
Tears it off.
An older Asian man's face, frozen in terror.
2:30 and change.
Joe raises his gun, scared.
Across the street, Joe huddles behind a car, breathing hard.
2:30 and change.
Joe approaches the body, and slows.
Loud and dark.
A dingy dark hallway.
aGangland Terror Spreads, Who is The Rainmakera She turns it off.
Dark cars parked out front.
On the street outside the building.
BANG!
On his hand, a smooth aged scar.
It's full of knives.
Old Joe in bed, half asleep.
Old Joe pulls his sleeve back and shows him the scar spelling aBEATRIX.a
Do I get the scar when you're cut, or when the knife is on its way down and it's inevitable that you're going to be cut?
You ever hear a Frenchman under 40 try to sound threatening?
That's why it's dangerous.
One approaches her with the knife.
It's insane.
But word spread quick about him through the ex-looper grapevine, even before his mass executions and vagrant purges and reign of terror, because the first thing he did was start closing loops.
A beat.
Fled.
Joe's fearful face says a no.' Old Joe draws his gat.
Watching her.
BANG.
Stops.
Deep in the swarming dark.
In a flash of panic he parts the corn stalks, sees Sarah backing away from the barn.
And the Dark Man STOPS.
To scare me?
A beat.
Having trouble breathing.
Stillness between them.
Old Joe's eyes gasp open with terror but it's Joe who wakes up with a start.
Silence in the house.
She goes to the window, looks out, nervous.
And we see it now, in her eyes: Sara is afraid.
She hears.
The bell stops suddenly.
We'll start with the house.
This man dangerous?
Drafty house.
But nobody is in the house.
That's what I'd kill for.
Gun on the tips of his fingers, about to fall.
Erasing it.
Still and quiet in the dark.
His eyes adjust to the dark.
The rain starts to fall against the windows.
A beat.
I abandoned him.
I abandoned my baby.
Quivering, she does.
He wakes.
Through this sacrifice.
Old Joe hits the ground, mouth foaming, paralyzed.
Massing to attack.
He has no control, he gets scared, it explodes.
He looks at Joe. Terrified.
Purging.
Killing everyone he lays eyes on.
Most of the shot caught his shoulder, his chest is grazed.
Abe, shot once in the head, twice in the chest.
Stunned.
Stop!
The earth soft, their feet sink in, like a nightmare.
Intense, eyes dark, in another place.
Frightened.
Slow.
Bloody.
She slows.
Stops.
It is actually a frantic television studio with the hum of panic in a national emergency.
She is still shaken from her dream.
She makes a move toward the corner where she was asleep.
Fran:	NOT MUCH LEFT, BUT HAVE A BALL.
The door is guarded by a nervous Officer.
Just as Roger frees himself, a bullet catches him squarely in the chest, but his armour takes the impact.
A sudden barrage of bullets rips through the young Black and he falls in a pool of blood.
The flurry of action causes panic among the civilians in the hall.
Then suddenly, from out of the shadows, a spectre-like figure lunges at the third Officer, flailing and biting at his arms.
Another creature suddenly appears in the bedroom doorway.
She flies against a wall, but bounces back immediately, and attacks again.
He fires again... and again...and again.
It bites at her neck... her arm.
She screams with terror.
He fires.
stairwell is dark.
He clutches at his chest.
They are wide eyed and terrifying.
The battle spreads into little skirmishes through the dark hallways.
Other Troopers fire their automatics through the heads of attacking Zombies.
She looks this way and that, fear in her eyes.
operator.
suddenly she catches a movement in the corner of her vision.
He suddenly feels in more control.
Fran shakes her head "no".
ground.
Roger's back is to the creature and he is unaware of the impending danger.
sees the frightened couple making for the chopper.
They are dead.
Then suddenly, out in the sunlight, a few hundred feet behind the Zombie, Stephen appears with his rifle.
his rifle.
see the little machine as it approaches and eases down onto the roof of the building.
A few of the Zombies manage to	negotiate the hinged doors and enter the building.
She is followed by an anxious Stephen.181
procedure.
There is one bare light bulb lit in the ceiling, but down the stairs at the next landing it is quite dark, and there the stairs wind even further down; they recede into blackness.
Stephen is asleep.
Peter:	IF WE DON'T SHOW UP AFTER A FEW MINUTES...  open suddenly.
Peter stops for a moment, looking back up at the frightened woman.
There are restaurants and Snack Bars and numerous coin operated machines selling everything from children's toys to Blood Pressure readings.
From outside, a creature's hand suddenly grabs Roger's weapon.
As the door opens, the Zombies attack.
He can't focus in his panic.
It pounds on the door with its hands.
Biting his lip, he makes the sign of the cross, and backs suddenly into the room holding his rifle high.
The Zombie lunges suddenly, and grabs the gun barrel.
With a sudden burst of energy the creature wrenches the gun free.
creature.
Desperate with fear, she moves back to the storage room, then back onto the landing.
Now her fear turns into anger.
Stops.
She is suddenly overcome with a wave of nausea.
Light creeps in.
She nervously grabs one of the cylinders and her shaking hands try to deal with the paper wrapping.
The creature swats the air, keeping distance, but threatening.
As she tries to lower her feet back to the cartons, the pyramid shakes and wobbles from the Zombie.
Suddenly, we are aware of a third person on the room in the large chair at the desk.
The action causes the chair to spin slightly and his wide terrified eyes seem to watch the action.
He loses his balance slightly and pulls back up.
Another noise.
Voice:	THERE ARE REPORTS OF THE CREATURES USING TOOLS, asleep on the blanket.
creatures.
He shouts loudly trying to overcome the noise of the truck engine and the hovering helicopter.
His hands manage to get a stranglehold on the creature's neck.
He fires.
open his door and step out when suddenly Roger sits up again.
for the creatures.
The cab knocks over several creatures and scrapes the building as the trailer blocks off the entrance.
MONSTERS!
He guns the engine and roars into a big arcing turn in the parking lot.
One creature, having crawled under a trailer, does manage to push open a mall door.
The thing crawls into the building through the legs of other ghouls which are trying to exit.
Two creatures do manage to crawl under the truck which blocks the revolving door, and one of them negotiates the rotating action and enters the concourse.
Stephen conquers his fear of the height, and lets himself fall to the floor.
Peter manages to level off his gun and shoots the rushing creature.
WATCH IT.
IT'S TOO RISKY.
The others try to move in but are afraid of the bright flames.
She can only hear the moaning of the creatures, and pounding on the car.
There are at least eight creatures crawling over the car, more approach.
As he crouches near the glass, creatures outside go into a frenzy clawing at the glass doors.
They are the early warning devices against penetration.
Now she stops, leaving the cloth on the shivering head.
Fran:	HIS LEG IS AWFUL... THE INFECTION IS SPREADING FAST.
It is dark outside, the creatures claw at the doors but cannot be seen in the shadows under the big trailer trucks.
Fran starts to be afraid.
His leg is swollen, almost all black.
screams.
The man's eyes are terrified.
We hear noises and shouting, as we did J.A.S. earlier.
Suddenly, the corpse sits up.
He is nervous.
The men are armed to the teeth, wearing ammunition belts criss- crossed on their chests.
darkness the Zombies clutch at the fast bikes.
From other entrances Zombies start converging on the parking lot. on the building.
The little alarm units are knocked flying sending out a high pitched signal.
He manages to fight away.
The man flies back over the railing, falling to the concourse below where Zombies attack it.
Suddenly a sound in the corridor and the raider turns.
her rifle.
Suddenly he hears the beeper of his talk unit, hits the button.
A Zombie bites Steve's arm, another bites his neck.
are wide with terror.
creatures approach the door and the super-gun roars one last time.
The SOUND OF THE RACE floods in as the cars blow by, revealing Bishop amidst onlookers, watching, calculating.
A pair of ARMED SECURITY patrol a wooded shore.
CRACK!
BLACKNESS.
CRACK!
CRACK!
He doesn't sense a thing, reaches for his weapon, accidentally knocks it to the side.
These dangerous hobbies come with the risk of accidents like this -- Bishops punches off the tv, heads for the door.
Long dark hair, damp from the shower.
The silence of late night.
McKenna stares out the window at the street below, nervous.
So you're a criminal?
Bishop is suddenly casual, friendly.
Dean's voice comes back as suddenly as it departed.
I'm not -- And with that, he's suddenly up and MOVING towards the bathroom.
Nervous, he carefully puts his head against the door to listen...  BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!
He staggers back, crouched, terrified...  CLOSE ON HIS HEARING AIDE: The sounds of gunfire is coming from it.
He falls to his knees, clutching his right arm.
His body HEAVING, not giving up the ghost.
I'm scared.
I'm really god damn scared...  Suddenly Bishop MOVES.
Beat.
Runs in the blood.
I'm watching.
Do I? Louise blinks, scared a little.
But she pushes the fear away, picks up one of the razor blades.
He'll stop it.
I'm frightened.
I'm scared, Steve.
A beat.
I miss you.
He PRESSES it again.
Pressing.
VERTIGO LOOMING, sounds DISTORTING and suddenly he's FALLING into blackness...  Bishop, shirtless.
Her eyes play over his form: SCARS, WOUNDS, healed.
Military?
Beat.
The blood flow to his brain was cut off, his brain died before his body.
The police?
They killed him.
Nude BODIES are revealed.
You still with me?
A beat.
BUZZ!
You were still over 100.
They'll be watching for you.
A beat.
That man...  is your graduation.
Stillness.
A beat.
He dies.
Horrified.
He SCREAMS.
A beat.
But you stopped him.
Now I'm sorry if you got a little scared.
I'm supposed to be presenting at the UN but I can't do that if everyone is going to panic about security...  Bishop's scope zoomed in TIGHT on the Mark, staring at herself in the bathroom mirror.
Beat.
SECURITY takes a call as another man studies his monitor: People fleeing the building across the street, smoke.
Beat.
You need to get out!
Dark shadows in the corners.
The door to the dressing room opens, armed guards flood in, along with Embassy officials speaking on radios.
You hear me?.
You're bleeding.
Home alone.
Words scroll: "Terror on our soil."
"Assassination!"
Dean laughs, rises with nervous energy and goes to the interior blinds, raises one.
Fear.
Beat.
The windows of the house, dark.
Frightening, man.
Strangely dark.
She shrinks.
It looks like a still, until suddenly Bishops' cat passes through the frame.
In the bed in the other room, the two women are asleep, nude, draped over each other.
Suddenly LIGHTS wash across the space.
The wall-sized monitor glows Steve's face as he watches the DHL driver get out, makes his way to the door, knock...  Steve's eyes flick to what he can see of Bishop, asleep in the chair.
Watching.
You're scared, too.
A moment, then people start to flee.
He's on the phone, eyes darting, nervous.
WITH THEM, MOVING, taking the corner onto the main street in front of the large building.
Suddenly frozen.
Security reads Dean's fear, closes on Bishop even as Dean himself starts to BACK AWAY, separating himself from his own security, now turning to RUN...  ... Straight into Steve, gun raised.
Bishop, for the moment forgotten by the security who have reversed to deal with Steve, suddenly ANIMATES.
The COPS panic, REVERSE, SLAMMING into parked cars.
The two of them, suddenly lining weapons into each other's faces.
Firing.
Suddenly an SUV pulls into view between the restaurant and the SWAT and Police position, a confused and frightened WOMAN at the wheel.
Slight breeze blows through trees, ripples the water on the pool which is suddenly CUT THROUGH by the figure of Steve, swimming laps, hard.
The house is spotless, transformed.
The door to the car gives suddenly, falls to the ground.
(to the shivering Slaves.)
Dr.SCHULTZ Dentist.
(to the slaves.)
Hello you poor devils.
I only shot your brother, once he threatened to shoot me.
Dr.SCHULTZ Yes, unless you find a talented physician very quickly, I'm afraid that will be the.
Dr.SCHULTZ Mr.Speck, I am afraid I will require a bill of sale.
Dr.SCHULTZ Now as to you poor devils.
The nervous black slave and the confident German'dentist walk into the saloon.
Still...  .
As they do, The Sheriff says; Now why y'all wanna come into my town, start trouble, and scare all these nice people?
A terrified Django, who's sure his new master is a lunatic who's going to get them both killed, peeks out the closed curtains on the window.
Well I gotta go, when do I go?
Dr.SCHULTZ When you get more dangerous.
Dr.SCHULTZ I'm afraid so.
DJANGO picks Big John's WHIP off the ground., and begins WHIPPING LITTLE RAJ across the face and chest.
With all the eyes of the plantation on them, the white and black man start to ride out, when Spencer "Big Daddy" Bennett, steps in their way for one final threat.
He fires.
Men with legs and arms blown off, yell bloody murder, hurt and scared Horses cry.
Some struggle to get the sacks off their heads, while scared horses dance and buck in panic.
And Men and Horses collide with one another, which causes more bucking and riders falling.
we're in.front of Spencer Bennett as he rides, when Django's bullet, RIPS THROUGH his CHEST.
But I'm afraid I can't let you go to Greenville in a good conscious.
The strong but frightened girl is led out on to the hustle and bustle, and wagon wheels and horse hoofs of Main Street.
reacts.
reacts.
At night in Scotty's bed, while the young man lay fast asleep, Broomhilda looks at her jelly jar of GLOWING LIGHTNING BUGS.
They watch her too.
Then...  speak of the devil and the devil appears.
Scotty stands up and shakes hands with Calvin.
Half the other night.
The DOGS ATTACK D'ARTAGNAN ...  As we HEAR the ATTACK ... Candie.staring
The caravan starts to approach Candyland.
as Monsieur Candie rides past.
He's gonna stay in the Big House?
In the Big House?
With the door closed, Schultz turns to the weak, frightened, disoriented girl.
Suddenly out of the darkness of the background appears Stephen.
She shakes her head, no.
You're in my house, doctor, I'm afraid I must insist.
Never the less, here in Chickasaw County a deal ain't done till the two parties have shook hands.
The room comes to its senses and attacks Django and Broomhilda.
down his bare buttocks, down his whip scarred back, to the back of his head which hovers just about three inches from the barn yard wooden floor.
She in the big house.
They'll kill me.
They'll kill him.
You gotta few more things to worry about black boy, then what I get paid.
You know Stonesipher's great with a knife, plus his fighting style is like one of his dogs, attack attack attack.
He begins washing the blood-off'of himself.
Billy Crash lies dead in the B.G., Stonesipher's Buck Knife buried deep in his chest.
The CANDIE FAMILY UNIT all on their ass in the grass, look up at Django with a mixture of Wonder, Fear, and Hate.
as she watches this.
She sleeps nestled against his shoulder.
An ATTENDANT ushers them toward a waiting cab and DRIVER...  a CRASH of THUNDER -- the rain suddenly triples in strength.
A DELUGE.
gasping.
Martin's chest rising up...  .
A beat.
You have been in an accident.
Beat.
Oh, Jesus...  Liz doesn't know... She'll...  she'll be worried sick.
A beat.
Beat.
A beat.
She must be terrified...
She suddenly gets him...  nodding, pointing down.
I've been in the hospital.
Martin shakes him off.
I was hurt...  Liz just stares at him, afraid, anchored to Martin B's arm.
Martin tracks, panicking.
We can arrest you only for that.
Martin's gaze darts, panicked: The image.
I...  the accident.
Martin shivers with cold and exhaustion, eyes play over the few passengers in the car...  a nondescript man a few benches down who stares at him, then back to his paper.
He stares in disbelief...  suddenly becomes AWARE of the man across: Young, nondescript, his head bobbing gently to whatever his Ipod earbuds are playing, staring into his computer...
(cutting her off.)
watching.
You got hurt, too.
In the crash.
A surge of panic.
Expression shifting to one of panic...  You... you told me their names...
the POLICE suddenly there.
Suddenly CLOSER.
Fear.
Loss.
Farge, almost afraid, nods to the nurse who slips the needle in.
Suddenly SHIFTING...  .
Suddenly, the door OPENS.
ACROSS, the Old Man tracks the motion...  scared.
Is he still dangerous?
The secret police?
I should have had him shot.
A beat.
A beat.
Beat.
Face-to-face...  BANG! BANG! Pounding on the door.
Terror-stricken, realizing Martin has abandoned her.
PRESSURE WAVE sweeps over them, burning debris raining.
Wipes blood from his face.
He starts to pull her, but she's FROZEN, staring in horror.
Suddenly cutting left across traffic.
A vibration.
Slows...  .
Bodies pressed together...  as her anger and fear and grief dissolve into sobbing... His family is in Africa.
Suddenly INSIDE.
He stops.
He shakes his head no.
You'll need to get out of town.
Raped?
(beat, to her.)
He picks a robe up off the bed, pulls it on as he approaches her, places his hands on her shoulders.
A beat.
They'll kill me.
Your case.
My case... ?
Eyes suddenly catching GINA, walking right by.
Suddenly, Liz moves her face to his.
A light rain.
Talks on a cell phone: Oh my God...  that's unbelievable, the poor man.
A beat.
Jurgen opens the door...  it's RODNEY COLE, grinning... shaking rain from his coat.
You were in the military?
Killed more Russians than Stalin.
We shake hands and you go away?
Beat.
Suddenly sways.
The legs of the stove... ever so slightly askew...
Watchful POLICE and SECURITY.
An AIRPORT SECURITY Man glances over, concerned.
A beat.
She's in danger.
One kiss and suddenly...  Everything that's happened?
Gina's face suddenly lighting up... she can see Martin!
Yeah...  but how did you know --? Cole suddenly right up close.
Miss.
Deadly silence.
Desolate.
Caught, the van TEETERING... Sneers at Martin, starts to speak.. Eyes go WIDE as...  THE VAN... TIPS...  FALLING off the edge, Smith's body going with it... disappears.
Blood streaking in the rain.
It's Liz...  with short, dark hair.
No...  No... Liz towels short dark hair.
Fingers trace a scar across his chest, a healed knife wound.
Surrender.
Gina's eyes meet his, brief, scared.
Sudden shift.
Security KNOCKS.
The BOMB.
Martin, sweating, nervous, eyes flicking to the monitors as the technician brings up the reception video, starts fast- forwarding through footage.
Stop!
She's got short dark hair.
You're in danger here.
There is a bomb in this room!
(to a Guard.)
Gina at the table she saw Lily at before, lifts the tablecloth to find a frightened little girl staring back.
Stops.
Down on his hands and knees.
Pales...  .
Suddenly seeing Martin.
Martin stares at her in horror as she beams up at him.
other hand pressing a knife against his chest.
Alarmed.
His fear, his uncertainty...
Fear, betrayal, love...  Him standing there, empty, bleeding... Gut instinct wins.
Slowly, carefully, the villagers SEARCH...  CREEPING... their faces tense, many unable to hide their FEAR.
Eyes wide with FEAR.
Murmers of 'Ain't goin' in there', 'Nor I', 'Got me a wife and kids', are heard from the TERRIFIED villagers.
The Policemen exchange FRIGHTENED glances.
Hearing this, the other Policemen exchange TERRIFIED glances.
A reluctant and very frightened Bottomley FOLLOWS.
DEAD!
Indy STARES in horror.
Indiana suddenly FALLS!
He's going to DROWN!
Suddenly FLIPPING OPEN! Indiana CRAWLS out of the opening.
TOO SLOW.
STOPPING their attack.
A SUIT OF ARMOR, located a few feet behind Indy, suddenly TWITCHES.
CRASH!
THRASH!
ANXIOUS.
SHOCKED.
STARTLED.
Indiana goes back to his grading, but is suddenly INTERRUPTED BY A LOUD TAPPING NOISE.
Suddenly INTERESTED.
Suddenly, there is a CREAKING NOISE.
Suddenly GAGGING.
It reads: DANGER!
Indy SHAKES Betsy by the shoulders.
Betsy SHAKES the bookshelves, causing the urn to TILT and SHIVER.
Indiana SUDDENLY GRABS the urn.
His eyes BURN through Betsy.
SPIKED.
Scraggy suddenly breaks into a WILD GRIN.
STEPS OUT of the shadows of the car.
In a DARK alleyway.
Scraggy SHOUTS a warning.
Suddenly, the SOFA BEGINS TO MOVE.
THE LONG, FRIGHTENING SHADOW OF A MAN overcomes Gutterbuhg.
FEAR covers Gutterbuhg's face.
Mephisto is a NAZI nightmare.
Clare suddenly breaks into a LAUGH!
KILLING it!
STARTLED.
Suddenly, BETSY AND THE CHIMPANZEE FALL INTO FRAME!
WATCHING him.
A WORRIED Dashiell continues WHISPERING to Indiana.
There is a SUDDEN SOUND.
The NERVOUS Guard places a hand on his holster.
STARES into the dark night.
FEAR covers his face.
Suddenly, a LOOD GONSHOT!
Tyki stares in HORROR.
A WORRIED Scraggy sees Indiana, FIGHTING with the Nazis.
HELPLESS.
He ATTACKS Indy's CLENCHED FINGERS with the knife.
Through the DARKNESS.
CRUSHED!
He SCREAMS.
A frightened Tyki LOOKS BACK.
But suddenly, a SHOT WHIZZES by Indy's head.
SWERVING.
Tyki HIDES his eyes.
His eyes suddenly LIGHT.
Tyki's eyes are filled with FEAR.
A WORRIED Clare is TOO CONCERNED with the departing Nazi speedboat.
Suddenly, they are INTERRUPTED BY A DISTANT SOUND.
BIZARRE.
The sound suddenly STOPS.
Everyone exchanges a FRIGHTENED, TERRIFIED GLANCE.
Scraggy SLEEPS in a hanging cot. is ASLEEP in his CABIN.
Suddenly, the door SLOWLY CREAKS OPEN.
SHOCKED.
FEAR.
FRIGHTENED.
SHOCKED.
A SUDDEN STOP.
The river boat is overcome with a mixture of ORIENTAL and BLACK Pirates.
OMINOUS.
Suddenly, the SOUND OF CANNON FIRE!
He is DEFENSELESS.
The Pirate suddenly PAUSES.
In the ARM.
He is suddenly ATTACKED by the Pirate Gunner.
FIGHT.
PANIC fills their eyes.
Armed with guns, knives and swords, the Pirates hurriedly SURROUND the intruding River Boat.
Kezure STOPS laughing... WORRIED for a moment...
He is suddenly FRIGHTENED.
His face is HIDDEN in the shadows.
Suddenly, there is a DISTANT SOUND.
AFRAID of the unnatural sound.
Suddenly, AN ARROW SHOOTS THROUGH THE WINDOW!
The taxi is attacked with a SHOWER OF ARROWS.
Into the JUNGLE.
But he only manages to SINK.
GROWLING.
Suddenly, a VOICE echoes from inside of the oven.
The nervous Chief ORDERS Clare, Betsy and the others UNTIED.
The surrounding trees SHAKE.
FRIGHTENED.
The villagers PANIC.
FEARFUL.
HYSTERICAL.
On the GROUND.
FRIGHTENED by the blast.
They FIRE.
He FIGHTS the onslaught of soldiers.
PUNCHING.
A GUN suddenly MOVES INTO FRAME.
They OVERCOME Indy.
But the tree suddenly CREAKS.
Everyone PANICS.
Scared to DEATH.
STILL.
Kezure suddenly SNEEZES.
HELPLESS.
Suddenly, there is a BUZZING SOUND.
STILL.
They are FRIGHTENED.
HELPLESS.
DIES.
But the tree suddenly CRACKS.
He PREVENTS the tree from FALLING into the ravine.
To the GROUND.
WAKES.
Suddenly WORRIED.
ANXIOUS.
Kezure ATTACKS him.
Kezure PUTS AWAY his knife.
She SCREAMS.
WORRIED.
Suddenly, there is a LOUD CRASH!
SHATTER.
Everyone PANICS.
And DIES.
They STOP the attack.
A WARNING.
The nervous Kezure NODS.
They move their SWORDS to his throat.
The VILLAGERS FALL TO THEIR KNEES.
Clare and Betsy exchange a FRIGHTENED glance.
Scraggy exchanges a WORRIED GLANCE with Indiana.
ANXIOUS.
They are the same bells we heard earlier... but they now sound EERIE... THREATENING.
SHOCKED.
Suddenly FRIGHTENED.
STOPPING.
WORRIED.
The arm is ATTACKED by a horde of hungry sharks.
His ARMS.
The apes ATTACK.
Betsy's face suddenly goes WHITE.
ARMED.
There is a sudden RIPPING SOUND.
ATTACKING the Nazis.
BURNING FAST.
He SHIVERS.
SHAKES.
His mechanical arm suddenly EXPLODES.
He manages to DEFEAT many Nazis.
But the sword is suddenly KNOCKED from Tyki's hand.
HELPLESS.
Suddenly, the exact sound seems to ECHO FROM THE SKY.
They ATTACK from above.
FALLING to their knees.
WORRIED.
AFRAID.
Suddenly, Kezure LEAPS OUT OF THE WATER.
SCREAMING.
DESERTED.
STILL.
He STUMBLES.
FRIGHTENED.
Scraggy SMILES, repeating Kezure's earlier threat.
A sudden CALM... a sudden SILENCE...overcomes the city.
DISTRESSED.
DEAD.
Suddenly, the silence is INTERRUPTED.
Suddenly, there is a RUMBLING SOUND.
The glass surrounding the tomb suddenly SHATTERS.
Everyone FALLS to their knees.
He is DISTRESSED.
Suddenly, several peaches magically FLY from the trees.
He FALLS to his knees.
FRIGHTENED.
The others WATCH IN HORROR.
SCARED to death!
Suddenly, a HORN interrupts.
They are suddenly INTERRUPTED.
Suddenly, the box's NAILS begin to TWIST.
Suddenly, the staff begins to MOVE.
SHRINKING.
He shakes a sleeping ASSISTANT awake.
I'll - She STOPS.
McClane ha Baker gun (X) hand and SLAMS it down on the fence n -again -blood wells - the gun DROPS ker OW", taking McClane away (X) from the weapon -They trade bru unches - Through the rear window here we SEE the fence GIVE, and bend (X) halfway to their feet, the snow bloody between them s3ke (X) KARATE KICKS McClane back into a tree, dazing him---Baker jumps (X) their truck far down the street, they move forward silently and expertly, shadows starting to surround the church.
But that two foot scar running This is just a job offer.
Hear that?
WALTER suddenly stands.
Jody is very scared.
He moans.
The beasts are terrified, stampeding.
They are at the threshold.
OMIT 76 Twitches in horror.
indicates a spot just above Pey is suddenly blown back by a gust of wind.
Dark storm clouds billow over the city.
horror-hand andtuck eitlshamefully But she is too far away to hear.
despair.
the lighter and it ey to his on'seskel He shakes as it floods him.
darkness.
down stroke it.
n the dark.
Be struggles.
The car ROARS rises suddenly into frame, over the edge of Peres a roof.
panics, backs into a rack of clothing, knocking it over. .
He begins to eat when he hears a noise.
Suddenly a camera takes Donkey and Shrek's picture.
Suddenly Fiona falls from the railing.
She looks like an ogre and Donkey starts freaking out.
Suddenly the dragon arrives overhead and flies low enough so they can climb on.
Suddenly the dragon lands with a boom.
Suddenly the magic of the spell pulls Fiona away.
Sidney notices the Young Man is staring at him with a scared expression.
He stares at her. Suddenly he notices the White Russian beside them.
Suddenly... Beat.
She stops herself.
Sidney avoids her eye.
Beat.
Suddenly she darts from the room.
It stings.
walks into the throne-room Edmund approaches again.
The wolf attacks him.
Crash!
615h Mohawk moves toward the women with a spider's predatory nimbleness, quickly closing the distance.
Suddenly, the sound of a LOCK TURNING.
He whirls on her.
Tommy walks in, half asleep, in his pajamas.
Tommy suddenly realizes he isn't alone.
It is very dark but for 131	He dodges around the lead Zombie, who staggers on with inertia.
He fires again.
139	He is about to shoot once more when Roger stops him, stepping up 140	The Zombie falls and papers blow over its body.
It is quite dark but for 178	Suddenly, a figure drops out of one of the skylights, landing on 180	Now Fran lowers herself into the room and is able to climb down 182	The door opens onto another vast room, equivalent to the one the 184	At the door, the two Troopers go through the same S.W.A.T. 185	As the men enter, they discover that they are on the top landing 186	A great barricade of food cartons has been stacked against the 187	Near the pyramid under the open skylight, the group of refugees 188	Roger checks his weaponry and quickly moves toward the door 189	Fran:	THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT WE'RE TRYING TO GET AWAY it all) WE'LL CATCH UP TO YOU SOME OTHER TIME.
It is 201	The two realise what dangers might face them in the mall proper.
232	The fallen Zombies, which up to now could not be seen behind the	escalator rail wall, suddenly come tumbling out onto the balcony 237	Peter turns the key in the lock, but again the gate will not 240	Roger fires again.
It 283	The pounding increases Stephen's panic.
Peter slams the barrow 316	Steve is on the verge of panic.
COME ON! 320	With a sudden move, Steve breaks into a run.
353	Before the woman can bring another carton over, she sees the 354	Fran panics and runs back towards the escape pyramid, where she 355	The creature is straining against the weight of the carton.
(to a terrified Daryl) Tellin' Baker I'm fuckin' cheatin'?
(after a beat) (to the girl) (staring at Derek) (then) (after a long beat) (afraid) (terrified) Vinyard?
Suddenly he is attacked by an Irishman but Marke jumps in to save him, losing his hand in the process] [Dunluce Castle.
Suddenly two of the British jump up and shoot at the Irish.
Suddenly they attack and more British spring from the ground.
Isolde is suddenly woken from sleep and makes her way to the beach with Bragnae] Whats that?
[They drag Tristan to a hut on the beachfront] [Isolde checks his condition while Bragnae tries to light the fire] [Isolde starts to undress] [Isolde curls up against Tristan while Bragnae starts to undress] Ive not been naked with a man for [Tristan fades out of consciousness] [Tristan wakes and grabs a stone to use as a weapon when he hears a noise] [Isolde runs in] [Bragnae leaves] [Tristan lies down] This might sting.
Suddenly the Irish and the British start to fight.
Sorry, I can't drive you to door.
We can kill her if we have to.
That is the problem.
(explaining her visit) Marian's daughter lives across the street and she was a little worried about her.
Mother, I ... (waving her daughter off) My daughter lives right across the street from the Satan's Disciples' clubhouse, and I was so worried about her ... so, I went over and introduced myself.
She watches.
That wakes him up.
As Jack poises the pen -- Rickey suddenly aghast.
Stop!
Anxious moments now as they've cut the Dodger lead to 2. Nippy Jones up.
I'll strangle it.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Withnail's room [Withnail is asleep in bed with the shotgun.
Withnail: Calcualted risk.
This is the edge of the land ruled by the Dark Spirit.
A cemetery.
The cemetery.
Who rules?!
little nervous about you guys meetingand Ramon sit in the audience listening to Norma.
She freezes up and starts freaking out.
I saw the blood.
Covered with scars.
I think it's badly scarred too.
( ABC, 11/23/79) Week ten of a hostage I'm so afraid that I won't crisis that seems without see him again.
Mom's asleep.
You do homework tonight?
What do I hear?
A beat.
You're worried about the Ayatollah?
She hides her fear Reza indicates an exit to the street.
They can fly...
Stop.
I'll never saw through the bones with this knife.
The power of Shadow Sorry.
You're the orphan.
The danger.
You're a maniac!
Stopping?
Her dark side!
How do I fight it?
Power of Shadow, kill her!!
The Power Source! (terrified) Thank you.
Dread (X) whips a gun up, points it at Fergie.
Stop it - OW! Are you out (X) of your - OW ! ( X ) Dredd, you're scaring him!
Was he nervous?
Depressed?
So who changes?
Suddenly you're into pure research and you... you're what, a parasitologist?
But he's dead now.
If it takes a little blood for itself, so what?
You hear me?
Can I see those bumps on your tummy, can Go away.
What's one more scar to an old lady, eh? You'll be OK.
Where is this thing that attacked your wife?
Stop.
Why don't you do something about all that noise?
* Watch her.
I'm scared.
I feared you might have misplaced feelings of guilt.
I have sinned.
I have prayed for days, Lieutenant.
With a stress of the mind and of the soul.
I've been bad.
(nodding sarcastically) And if I don't call, you'll kill me... (handing him the card) No.
GUNS?
Are you crazy?
Then shoot him.
SHOOT HIM.
(in the dark) I remember when I was growing up, we were so poor, that my brothers and sisters and I all slept on the same blanket stretched out across the floor.
Where's my case?
Where's my case?
Stop here.
It's still here.
TIME TRAVELLER (quite serious) That's a calculated risk I'm prepared to take.
Suddenly, in nineteen forty I began to be buffeted from side to side.
At first I wondered if my Machine and I were the cause of the panic.
And your clothes... I'm afraid it's going to take me a little time to explain...
Then I saw my own danger.
I too was to be engulfed!
All that is left is fear...a blind animal fear.
Another night was coming, but this night no Eloi needed to fear.
(incredulous) A man-eater attacks and you're such a buffoon you almost forget to mention it?
There is no reason for fear.
But I repeat- there is no reason for fear.
(looks at them) I like the blood, is that strange?
The Ghost and The Darkness have come.
(Now he suddenly reaches out, shakes Abdullah's hand) Your name is Abdullah?
(suddenly taking Patterson's hand) I'm Redbeard.
(As they move outside-) Starting now, we attack them.
(embarrassed) Afraid of lions.
Where the hell are we?
For God sakes Stepek, shut up! Oh my God, there's ... there's ... ahh ... keep away ... keep away ... (struggles) ... hey no ... hey somebody ... (screams) Stepek, you stupid sonovabitch, will you lay off the booze, you've got the D.T.'s ... Holden, for God's sake get up here on the double.
Hell!
Hmmm ... big!
Guards!
She's dead.
Homicide.
This case.
Incurable.
The Demons.
It's haunted now.
But it's bad?
It's bad.
A fight.
Freak, schmeek.
When I don't practice, my timing gets off, my thumbs get stiff and sore.
This scar.
Well, aren't you going to shake your whanger at me? (laughter dies a nervous chipmunk death) Follow me.
They were afraid of bad weather and humans.
It's taught them there is nothing to fear but fear itself.
Fear in wild animals is completely different from paranoia in people.
If the cranes hadn't had a capacity for fear, they would have disappeared long ago and you'd be having to get loaded with common old everyday meadowlarks and mallards.
But in the meantime, I want to say this about fear..... Judge Greenfield, at the request of the ACLU, has granted a forty-eight- hour extension of the deadline by which the Rubber Rose cowgirls must comply with his order.
But that's your problem.
Right in the scar where I fell on a wooden horse when I was twelve.
(Go easy there's a ghost down there.)
Terrible.
Just a concern.
There is something to be said for silence Oh indeed.
After a while he became frightened and he stopped listening.
Look you are being attacked!
She is asleep, look.
Ohhh, it's so dark, it's like a dank cave.
I am quite frightened of the way back, we must leave in good light.
(frightened) Ohhhhhh! (slow, relaxed) A pid-geon Auntie.
you are even scared of me Look at you! (softly) Has Ada ever spoken to you?
I am frightened of my will, of what it might do it is so strange and strong".
I worry for you.
I miss you.
(panicking) She doesn't want IT!
I practice only when I am alone and it is dark.
DARKNESS.
WOODLY is alone, asleep on the couch.
Sudden silence.
The sounds of a Nazi rally come up slowly: "Sieg Heil! Sieg Heil! Sieg Heil!" Spotlight comes up on MAJOR SIEGFRIED VON KONIGSWALD, and officer in the dreaded SS.
DARKNESS.
DARKNESS.
She hopes that if she can keep calm and open, her fears will diminish.
PAUL goes reeling to the door in terror, admits LOOSELEAF, who has also been sleeping in his clothes.
(regarding LOOSELEAF, resigning himself to being stuck with his company for a little while longer) (honestly mystified) (chokingly) (suddenly, angrily, slamming a table with his fist) (catching sight of PAUL, whose physical appearance really offends him) (explosively) PAUL goes reeling in terror to the front door, opens it.
(not sensing the drift of the conversation) (still at sea) (suddenly catching on, sick with fear) (promptly and emotionlessly) Blackout.
Darkness.
HAROLD is about to dismiss this request majestically, but PENELOPE cuts him off with a sharp, dangerous warning.
The wrong person behind the wheel of a car can be dangerous.
Weire not the ones to be afraid of.
Scream for me.
Kill her.
I knew there was a danger, I should have never left the school.
And what do you do when you wake up to that?
You die.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop!
Danger she'll never walk again if she move.
Ambulance !
Police ?
She think she see... ...a real murder and panic.
Stop !
Stop.
Stop! I'm... What ?
She said the pain and the terror was real.
The sheer panic and horror when they realize they're about to die.
No need to worry.
Police ?
They'll kill you !
Why is he arresting me ?
Kill him.
I'm warning you.
A cop ?
A cop ?
Oh, my God, I'm sorry.
I'm up to here with caution!
(frightened) What?
22. Punch it.
(emotional) knew Storm from when I was City Attorney ... and he was a young homicide detective - (choking back tears) We worked on... cases ... together ... (can't go on) I'm sorry ... sorry -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
I mean, what am I gonna do with this guy -- (pacing, anxious) I want to help him... my God, he needs it ... but it's all over the T.V., he's some kind of crooked cop with drugs and murder and -- It's okay -- I'm here, I'm with you.
(deadpan) Danger is my middle name.
I don't care how many needles you stick in yourself or how much ginseng root you eat ... you have to sleep if you're going to recover.
Quit it, will you ... you're making me more nervous than I am already.
I think I'm more nervous than you are, kid.
I'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to.
But I'm afraid we don't get a chance to see each other very much these days.
No, thank you... and I'm afraid now I really must be going.
I see he's still asleep.
I understand that beyond it being a matter of principle, many of you are troubled by the concern and anxiety this story of an epidemic might cause your relatives and friends on Earth.
I'm afraid the AO-unit has failed.
And I think we've all had quite enough of this horror-movie talk.
PETE (nervous) Maybe it wasn't such a good idea telling that Smokey Bear from the Detective Division to fuck off, Joe.
Thanks for coming with me, Marty- I was scared to go past her house by myself.
MARTY (matter-of-fact) Yeah... it is a little scary.
I've been hearing noises in there.
Rats...
If there are times when we feel alone and afraid, only small creatures in the dark, then these are the times when we must turn to one another for our comfort and our hope.
The Bible tells us not to fear the terror that creepeth by night or that which flieth by noonday, and yet we do... we do.
We must not allow ourselves to be alone, for there is the wide gate to the hell of terror.
Tammy said she'd been hearing noises in that greenhouse.
Don't let this guy scare you!
MARTY (terrified) Who's there?
Kill you!
Go away.
Police!
This about the hearing?
What the fuck does a bunch of civilians know about comin' up some shithouse stairway day after day, scared outta your shorts.
He kills an unarmed kid, and now he's risking your ass to save his own.
He laid a gun on that kid.
He neglected to mention this place is called "Camp Blood" downtown.
You're crazy!
What the hell?
He says that whenever I'm scared, I can sleep in his bunk with him.
It's getting a little gloomy in here.
I'm a little scared of storms.
The rain turns to blood and the blood washes down in little rivers.
Aw.
There, there now... He's dead... She's dead... all dead... Please save me... oh... poor Bill... Oh my God, oh my God... oh God...
They'll kill you!
An accident?
Kill her, mommy!
Kill her!
Kill her, mommy.
Kill her, mommy!
That's seven hours and most of it is in the dark.
Been on many planes that blew up, have you?
You scare the hell out of me.
I miss you.
I gotta go.
They died!
She's concerned about you.
Just looking out my own front yard... makes me feel mothing but fear.
You're the next one... (nervous) Hey, man, why'd you say that?! 'Cause if you say another word, I'm gonna fuckn' kill ya!
Your fingerprints on the knives...
Stop it!
It's alright to be scared, Carter.
You'll both die!
These are scary subjects for people to own up to.
The only vampires I'm worried about are the ones passing the bar exam.
Damnit, he's working for them!
They still have it.
So who do you have to hunt?
(as she fans out her top) Sorry if I have the worst B.O., I've been sweating in this little room with T.V. lights for hours... Oh no... (with a big smile) ...Well, I have the worst headache, I have to go find some aspirin.
Why do you have to defend her?
I miss you.
Hospital?
And the funeral's taking place tomorrow afternoon... (A strange look suddenly comes into SALVATORE'S eyes.
He grabs SALVATORE by the shoulders and shakes him.)
(DI FRANCESCO gives his head a little shake.
Holy blood of Judas!
He's too worried, too upset.
The lieutenant is scared to death and says: 'Miss, if your heart is as hard as what I have just touched, I'm done for!
But this time it is less dark, things can be seen.)
She helps Emma lie back -- -- but as the old woman's eyes move to the ceiling, they suddenly grow wide, her mouth opening in fear -- -- Karen follows her gaze, looking up -- -- and she SCREAMS, falling off the mattress, backing away -- A MURKY BLACKNESS is lowering from the ceiling.
Drifting down until the shadowy "head" is only inches from Emma's terrified face.
Matthew kneels down next to a pair of MOVING BOXES in the corner -- `KITCHEN' written on the side.
Matthew suddenly realizes: Where's Mom?
Susan comes up the stairs, worried.
Matthew and Jennifer enter, worried.
Only Emma has the unmistakable look of dread on her face.
Reaches deeper -- -- suddenly there's a BURST OF SOUND: a dull THUMPING, something THRASHING in water, the SCREAMING of a YOUNG BOY, voice MUFFLED by water -- -- Suzuki recoils as water SPLASHES UP around him -- -- he falls away from the tub in horror, landing on his butt.
As Suzuki backs away from it, eyes widening in horror, he's startled by -- MATTHEW, standing in the doorway.
SUSAN (INTO PHONE) (cont'd) a bit weird, and -- I'm just a little worried.
Concerned.
Susan gets scared and opens the door to the emergency stairwell beside her.
A wind suddenly blows through the center of the stairwell with an eerie ROAR.
Exhausted, dark circles under his eyes, he's staring down at -- THE FILE on his desk.
As if he's afraid to even open it.
When Maria's voice comes back through the intercom, she sounds different, shaken: Leave me alone.
A beat.
He killed himself.
She stares at the boxes, afraid to open them.
- is cowering behind a mobile tray of surgical instruments, - are flattened against the far wall, terror on their faces.
- as, again, the noise comes.
I'd be frozen between pity and fear.
It's dangerous out there!
- except they're not there.
Evil.
Did I scare ya with that one?
About 5 months back he fell asleep at the wheel and uhhh... hit a tree.
Is there a problem?
It's changed now.
They're broken.
You have to watch out for them.
You can't talk to a soldier no more than you can talk to a...a...bomb!
The wars.
You don't get much warning.
We have flares too.
You hear that?
That's what scares people.
Are you afraid of him, Mace?
He told me he's afraid.
My God! (suddenly energized) You can't fight seventeen yourself!
It's dark now, sir.
You're afraid of the dark, Sergeant Caine?
(scared) Uh, yes, ma'am.
The soldiers are gone for now.
We can't defend ourselves with no weapons and -- (fighting his own panic) Hold on, hold on there, Captain!
Did it stop?
An accident?
It's the - (nervous laugh) - it's the way of the world, no?
And you've failed.
Threatening behaviour.
Police.
I killed him.
An accident.
Chris so . . . in your opinion Shona's Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, a condition she suffered following action. . .
I should be scared.
Then you'd be scared, trust.
Kill for him!
Can you hear me?
You'll never pass that exam on an empty stomach, Kara.
Stop it!
See you tonight, Kara! Thorn ... Penetrating abdominal trauma.
There's been -- been an accident.
(defensively) Who are you?
And I fear that somehow it has been unleashed again.
Stabbed.
Little freak.
You crazy little freak!!! What should I do?
You don't tell me she was -- I estimate she gave birth no more than a few hours before the attack.
'When applied directly to another person, Thorn could be used to call upon them confusion and destruction -- to literally visit them with the Devil.' (terrified) Where are you going?
(continuing) Oh, I'm scared.
I'm really scared.
Then they can watch.
We were worried about you guys so we left early to see if you were -- Is Tim there?
She killed him.
Vinh shivers violently.
Della needs to get out of there and fast.
Oh shit, they're approaching fast.
It's dark, so dark.
They roll until she suddenly pulls away, sits up.
Blood seeps below him from the exit wound, spreading out in a dark puddle.
Government.
(concerned) Government?
I'm afraid we had a bit of a falling out.
Crazy.
I'll worry about that when the time comes.
Do you still have it?
I'm afraid it will be your last opportunity.
We always hate in others that which we most fear in ourselves.
Dangerous work, Belloq.
(panicked) What do you mean? (screaming) Where are you?! Indy!
The snakes... are they here?
We killed him.
Stop them!
Kill them!
Slow it down!
The House of Erebus you encountered before were nothing but feudal lords.
I'm worried about him.
He escaped.
You kill him!
(approaching, hostile) Oh yeah?
It contains my human heart -- (touching a pale scar on his chest) Something I relinquished a long time ago.
He was one of the guard's Nomak attacked.
Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark.
Verlaine's body is back there somewhere with the UV bomb.
Where the hell have you been?
(defensive) Look, the fact that Nomak was artificially created didn't make the threat any less urgent.
Been dead before.
Made me give you the eye And then panic, Janet I've got one thing to say, and that's Dammit, Janet.
It's true there were dark storm clouds, heavy, black and pendulous, toward which they were driving.
What was that bang?
(sotto voce) Oh Brad, I'm frightened.
Well I was walking down the street Just having a think When a snake of a guy Gave me an evil wink.
Well it shook me up It took me by surprise He had a pick-up truck And the devil's eyes He stared at me And I felt a change Time meant nothing Never would again.
Brad - I'm cold, I'm wet, and plain scared.
And left from my dreaming Was a feeling Of un-nameable dread.
Try to build up his shoulders, His chest, arms and legs.
You are - so quake with fear, you tiny fools.
I'm a bee with a deadly sting.
Gonna shake it till the life has gone.
I'm a wild and an untamed thing I'm a bee with a deadly sting.
You are now my prisoner.
How much sleep do you need?
To calm your anxiety.
To calm my anxiety.
(beat) Who was she?
Dead?
When I saw you were gone I got scared.
The same vulnerabilities?
Stop.
Killed herself.
I'm the one at risk here.
She's dead.
I'm disgusting.
Then you'll die.
What will I do, if you die?
She will die.
I though I was home.
I left them in the dark.
You nervous?
He's had ample warning about that dog.
Your momma's worried sick over you.
Then one night a few months later, Ellie freaks out, and she hacks up her grandparents with an axe! (beat) Police found her licking their brains off the blade...
(terrified) Drew, call him off!
(scared shitless) Gus? H-how'd you get in?
God damnit, Gus!
You think he's trying to scare us?
I said... GO HOME!! Come on, Gus, I was just fucking with him... (nervous laughter) What're you gonna do?
Oh man... (mocking) This is the Police, come out of the house with your hands up! (horrified) No, Zowie!
(shaking his head) No... Don't you love me anymore, Chase?
Isn't paleontology itself in danger of extinction?
That's a very nice offer, Mr. Kirby, but I'm afraid I'm much to busy.
We gotta go, now!
It's dead.
What the hell.
And I was trying to put the boat in and the trailer sank?
And the truck driver threatened to knock your Dad's lights out?
Why did it crash?
(pre-empting objections) They look worried.
...Hell.
Sorry I didn't show last night.
But you don't have to worry about a thing for a while.
First you call me at five in the A.M. saying all kinds of nice things over the telephone and then you come charging in here scaring me half to death without even telling me what it is I'm supposed to be scared of.
No. You're just saying that because you're scared... ...You left your weapon behind.
He'll kill you too.
Because you're scared.
Above, power lines blow in the wind and rain and make a clacking sound.
The rain has become a light mist.
He stops.
The kid, frightened, now makes to run off but bangs into a passerby.
But it is in Edgar's blood.
They strategically pointed at Edgar's chest and sides.
By now frightening music has hummed into existence.
A tube comes from his arm for taking blood samples.
Rain on the streets.
I'm the bait.
Please, I'm sick.
Slowly we approach a doorway and creep into...
Watching.
Silus is confronted with the old scars from Edgar's attack.
I was in an accident once too.
DAVID(low voice) He's asleep.
Most people get scared when they see the shadow of their limits.
They stop out of fear.
It's fear.
(beat) He was scared.
The soldier villain who fights the hero with his hands, and then there's the real threat.
Sorry, I can't sell the ammo with the guns.
Back to work, Bunky.
Are you injured?
But...he was bleeding.
Sweat, bad breath, everything.
That Terminator is out there.
It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with...it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear... and it absolutely will not stop.
(recorded) I'm afraid that's not up to me.
Pain.
Are you crazy?
He dies.
Let...go...bastard... (continuing, scared, but angry) Oh, that's real smart.
Can't you see I'm scared?
More than death.
(filtered) But honey, I need to know where I can reach you or I'll be worried sick.
(panting) What are you doing?
It's called a panic room.
And a bank of video monitors -- -- covering almost every corner of the house.
This is insane.
What if she has a gun?
Kidnapping.
We're trying to scare them, not kill them!
Stop it.
Can you hear me?
The hell we are.
Are you insane?
You're not gonna have an attack.
Stop it!
It's burning my eye.
I have the gun.
An injection?
Coma.
Die.
Police.
But it's terrible!
That scared him and he came back to me in full remorse.
She was scared.
So? How did he react?
I fear I must.
She was shocked.
I have... the grandmother... woman with house... not... the house then ... money I don't understand you, I'm afraid.
Don't you realize we're worried?
Your worries are no use to me.
I just don't have the time to deal with your worries, that's all.
(still rushed) ... yes... to ... fro ... you... very serious... like that... (she imitates a serious countenance, continues in a low voice): like that... serious... (unable to keep from laughing a little) Yes.
(smiling) yes... up... tight... ... it was n...nice... (loud) Help... Help... Help... Help... Help... (trying to calm her like a sick child) What is it?.. Are you in pain?... What's the matter?... Is your pad full?
So what's hurting you?
Cancer?
Still does.
We're stopping.
I'm scared.
What the hell is this?
He's a dangerous man.
I should be dead...
Your face, your body, your voice... (off his shrug) We have people who can do it.
KATE (cont'd) But you won't be the same... KATE (cont'd) The scar will help hide the change.
It was raining, and there was this flood and everybody was jittery.
...And it's raining and hailing and lightning's striking and you guys think that I'm dead, but I'm not.
What about the government?
It's a coffin.
I'm scared.
He's crazy.
(Groggy) Who is... Marcy Dawson from Lancet-Percy I'm so anxious to meet you.
I'll kill you.
Stop?
How can I stop?
It's killing you.
(Clarity) You were afraid of it.
You're a coward.
It's killing you.
It will kill you!
I can crack it.
They sit there silent, flashing police lights flood the car as a siren blares.
We follow Rebecca, Marc, Nicki, and Sam as they meet up in the dark as they approach the house.
Oh my god, what's going on!
Laurie, who looks terrified, tries to remain calm and centered.
Police go into her room to search.
We see police cars approach a small house in the desert.
I didn't want to go to school, I had a lot of self- loathing and anxiety issues, I felt that I was ugly... You're not ugly.
Marc walks in with dark sunglasses, wearing a suit, surrounded by camera men.
Kill.
I'm afraid to tell you.
JESSICA (somewhat frightened) I didn't say that I would run...
It's not worth the risk.
You're afraid you'll miss a really good Run.
(beat) Can you do it?
But he has heard about Sanctuary -- and that makes him dangerous to all of us.
Insane.
Have him give you dark hair.
With this one there's no waiting for scar burnishing.
Are you too startled?
Hiding?
Is that the wind?
Come on... JESSICA (frightened) What's that?
JESSICA (starting to panic) I hate outside!
A claw.
Master, don't you think -- Silence! Are you afraid of dragons?
Can you hear me?
I hear you.
(he shakes the body) Excede, mortem!
Father: the danger is over.
A knife in the belly?
What failure?
Dead.
(this stops her) What?
If it's me you're worried about, don't.
Tyrian -- both of you -- run! Flee!
Stop!
(passionately) Marcia, why are you doing this to me? Don't you know I'm scared enough?
(beat) I'm doing this because I have to.
He said as long as there's no infection, you're not in any danger, and as soon as the road to the hospital is open, they'll send an ambulance for you.
But I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow if you want to speak to her yourself.
(weakly) Here.
Beat.)
A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's my only fear, compadre.
I'm afraid I had a slight accident.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Cut it out.
There he has a stroke.
Stop him!
Stop him!
(to Bo) She's going to paralyze you!
An ambush!
On guard!
Why are you still here?
But once I realized I could surpass you, I became so frightened!
If not, I'm afraid she'll become a poisoned dragon.
We heard noises.
On guard!
She's crazy.
You should have killed her.
And so you die.
A poisoned needle!
That's poison!
My blood will soon reverse its flow.
You are prisoners.
If you had known anything -- anything at all about the true nature of the universe, you would have hidden from it, in terror!
Devil!
I know your fears.
Watch!
But that's treason!
What in hell?
It's the risk I ask, Barin hide him for me in Arboria.
What the hell?
When I had that damn snake in my hand, I could've poked it in your face and KILLED you.
What if he fails?
I feel danger -- but I cannot see it.
Your Majesty, we're under attack by Hawkmen!
So what are you doing down here, coward?
Surrender.
Fear ... Air ... They haven't got enough air inside ... (off) Make up your mind, Ali? Do you want us to wall you in, or do you prefer that we blow you to pieces?
By shooting at me.
Hospitalized.
In reality, it is only a small minority that dominates with terror and violence.
Bring terror to the European city!"
People have finished The pictures succeed one another in a dizzy rhythm; surprise, terror, The people are crowded in a bus shelter.
Surrender!
Can you hear me?
We're broke.
They frighten me.
I killed them.
You're a wimp.
A barbarian?
Prejudiced?
Mr. Quail... I'm afraid you're not really standing here at this moment.
I was afraid you'd think that.
Why did you kill him?
If you're afraid of the heights, you better get over it real quick.
You do and I'll fire you.
(Fearful) Gentlemen!
(Furiously) You swine!
Then it's war?
(After a slight nervous pause) Hello?
There are no burglars in my house.
It changes.
Watch.
(malevolent) How ... (both frightened and fascinated) Where's Greg? "LEVEL ONE" flash across the screen and we... (to herself, remembering) Screamer.
It's the middle of the night.
If they're sick, great.
I was afraid you'd say that.
(eerie) Nick...Alex...save us... (horrified) Oh God... Put it out of your head, Alex.
I'll take the lead and handle the physical threats.
Yeah, that's what worries me.
(horrified) What did he do to you?
I know it's scary, but I won't let anything happen to you.
Did I die?
(Coughing blood) They... they come outta the trees, Reddy.
Oh, Jesus, the poor thing's still alive.
You die.
dead.
Hang on!
Stop.
WOMAN'S VOICE (o.s.) Please...please.. .if
Where the hell is that?
You shoot.
Adam watches him, scared but calm) is start thinking about why were here.
Sorry to interrupt you while youre working.
(Shaking his head, this is unbelievable) No, Im afraid thats...thats quite out of the question.
(cut to a shot of Diana, laying on her side in her darkened room, clutching her teddy bear to her chest.
(nods very slightly) You know, we arrested a dentist last week who like to play with kids a bit too much.
Hes in a full-fledged panic.
Youre running...(He gets up and goes over to the desk in the corner with the audio recording device and dozens of photos pinned to the wall, takes a seat) Youre running scared because we had you.
If you so much as lay a finger on them, Ill kill you!
You hear me?
She looks up at him, concerned.)
I- (but the other person hangs up, and a dial tone is heard) (nervous) I have to go.
(Frightened but trying to stay calm for Lawrence.)
Here, Adam is terrified but still calmer than Lawrence, who has just lost it.)
(His hands up in front of him defensively, moving side to side to try to throw off Lawrences aim) No, I want to live! (moving the gun along with Adams movements) Im sorry...
(weakly) Why?
Its the rules.
There are rules.
Cups!
You bear?
I prayed in saloons, I prayed in the street, I prayed an the toilet.
She'd die!
She'd die!
Hear?
Hell, yeah.
This is terrible.
Here I am going to Florida and my leg hurts, my butt hurts, my chest hurts, my face hurts, and like that ain't enough, I gotta pee all over myself.
Dead.
Yes. Are you afraid?
Fear is the place we go to learn.
I gotta go.
The interior of the car has been transformed into some odd- ball cross between a very small nightclub and an crackhouse..
There's also that nasty knife wound in the center of her chest with hooks stretching the skin back and to the side.
Amy leaps up from the table and suddenly Marla is gone.
Um...Maybe I'm wrong, but, um, I'm afraid I found the whole thing to be a little trite.
I admit it - I was scared!
That's too bad.
I'm just...a little nervous, I don't know why.
...But Mr Livingston, aren't you a bit fearful that Scooby will be confronted with hollow values and systemic conformism?
I'm scared.
Oh God I'm sorry hun.
I'm done, I'm always so damn nervous and I just don't make a good first impression.
The patients in here are Category B. They're mainly people who have had nervous breakdowns and those who are catatonic.
These patients are dangerous?
What the hell are you doing in here?
You're disgusting!
Missus Hardesty, you scared me!
Kill them.
But the last thing I want is for you to dread coming to work.
Who wants to work at a place that frightens them?
You're on a last warning.
That's what frightens me.
Yeah it's awful.
That used to be a nice suburban neighbourhood, now there's this big eye sore there.
I worry that you're thinking too much.
We need to get out of here!
The pain.
Fire.
Am I dead?
Who the hell is that?
Murderer.
He'll kill me.
Fun -- look at that guy... It's just the dope, don't worry Fun, he's not going away; he's scaring the piss outta me!
Hemorrhage, trauma.
To hell with you.
(beat) That's okay.
She died.
(panicked) Mom -- !
I was fired.
Is there a problem?
(calmer) Sorry.
I gotta go.
Sera is nervous.
Can you wake up?
I was worried about how that would be... but now I'm not.
Isn't this a bit sudden?
(nervous) Three hundred for the hour.
Hello... hello... (suddenly alert) Ben?
(to Adjutants) Explain to the Major we care little about toying with colonial militia because we have little to fear from the French.
Aversion?
That where we stop.
And only he can have dominion over himself.
Lightning?
The cabin was attacked by a war party.
And the blood is on your hands!
They may leave the fortress fully armed, but with no ammunition ... Other than that, ask what you wish.
An Englishman afraid to support a friend.
Stop it!!
And if we're unlucky?
Coward!
Coward here.
You hear me?
And whose heart I cut from his chest.
But it is the Huron path that Magua walks down, not the French one ... Now, Les Francais, also, fear Huron.
When the Huron is strong from their fear, we will make the terms of trade with Les Francais.
(modestly taps his chest with his thumb.)
But this time Goebbels got to my doctors before me; they were frightened off, and von Schirach was threatened, bullied and gave in.
Critics give you bad reviews, you have them sent to the Russian front.
(suddenly, to Emmi) Emmi, put that record on.
(quiet, terrifying) Have you ever smelled burning flesh?
I need to get to the ocean.
WHITE (nervous now) Not me.
Beware!
You have sinned?
Police.
STROMBOLI (even more nervous) Please, Bumstead.
This is highly irregular.
He raped me!
Before he kills again!
It's dangerous.
Go away!
(pauses) What are you scared of?
We are glad you are here - I'm afraid we have done all we can.
Didn't bring the gold watch I'm afraid.
Barbarian!
Stop it!
Destroy it.
Hunt her.
Before I hunt you.
Die.
Be still!
A man with no home, no people, none but the company of ghosts.
He owes a blood debt, and he can entertain no other joy, no other cause, until it is fulfilled.
You will be free from your ghosts.
What will you die with?
A warning.
We stop here.
And to kill.
We failed.
I pray you fulfill your debt.
Guard.
I will kill him myself.
Kill me.
It's not worth the risk.
I can go to the police.
I need the police.
This is an emergency -- Hello?
(alarmed) Why?
Because you're dead too.
(terrified) Oh God, shit -- behind the bookcase -- After you.
He has a knife to my throat, Frost!
Watching the fear grow in their eyes, knowing in their hearts I wasn't human.
Written in blood.
How do I stop it?
The Dark is rising.
How would you fight a shadow?
In the past, we've had to restrict our numbers for fear of discovery.
There's a force, you see -- a spirit that exists in our blood.
I'd let you watch the proceedings, Doctor, but I'm afraid that privilege is reserved for members of my own race.
It's cancer?
'Cause his throat's a little screwy?
So what are ya worried about then?
I mean sometimes you look like a younger Brando, but then the way Crumb draws you -- like a hairy ape with all those stinky, wavy lines radiating off your body -- it's kind of scary.
That's a dangerous offer.
What, ya got a headache?
Are you still there?
Paranoid Personality Disorder.
How 'bout catching a bite at Tommy's? (mumbling) I'm not hungry.
But he has more contempt for you than I do!
This is crazy.
I was scared at first but then I thought, what the hell.
How?" (a beat) "I dunno," the fella says, "I think he got stuck in his throat."
God damnit!
Is there a problem?
She goes dark tonight.
What the hell?
Line down.
prick!
You hear me?
Yeah, you got this fear of germs thing.
You're the worst kind of gambler there ever was: too scared to put his chips on the table.
Always afraid it's gonna end out in the desert.
ithout preamble, Mona begins YELLING at Natasha in Russian.
(startled) What?
I'll go up there with you after, if you want... suddenly anxious) Go ahead up and say something to Christa.
I haven't been really afraid of anything since...that night.
(sneering) You're afraid of tattoos, now?
But whoever's watching over Lupino, whoever it is you really need to bless you walking inside Ragna Rok...him, I am scared of.
(nervous laugh) I think you might have the wrong... eed to make a call?
You face down a group of insurgents and instead of fear, you're filled with...peace, I guess.
Hunting.
He thought they were going out there to scare her, destroy her research.
Hang on.
NThe storm's breaking... here was a shoot-out in my building yesterday, twenty floors from where I'm sitting.
Where's the detonator?
It's too dangerous.
Buck only.
Carnivore?
Hang on.
Too late to worry about that!
Carnivores.
I'm afraid so.
I'm fighting panic, and you push the wrong buttons.
The jungle.
It won't attack unless it's threatened.
It's afraid to come onto the roof!
I'll find the guy with the scar.
This mystery man with the scar... (indicates forearm) ...the zigzag, whatever.
I still do.
Execution?
What the hell was that?
Who is the man with the scar?
A scar.
On the arm.
There's no scar, you freak.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The scar.
To hide.
No! Why are you haunting me?
What do they do that they had to kill her?
And still...
Be forewarned.
(then) Watch out for each other.
How did he kill himself?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- With a gun.
You killed him.
And it's not this leak here, that's the least of your worries.
We're going to play a little game called "Who's got the Scar."
Kill it!
Should we be worried?
Let the boys down there worry for us.
I crashed it.
But the thing is... I'm still scared.
I'm really scared...
Bit gloomy in here.
Now, remember -- keep your arms and legs within the vehicle at all times -- (laughing) Fuck you -- Ready? (sees she's afraid) Did he tell you about the time he almost made it up Everest?
(scared but tough) Okay -- I can't -- Yes you can.
(Gabe does) Afraid of flying?
I'm making her nervous -- (beat) You hold her, I'll do the dressing.
Too bad.
That's not what really worries me.
(beat) It's up there.
And a fire.
(breathless, scared) Where is he?
After they left, he was very frightened.
It is his new partner that I'm worried about.
A little scared... and a lot curious.
But doesn't that turn you on, that curiosity and fear, swirling together?
(then, registering that it's day; panicked) I must call my wife... She's going to divorce me.
He's too scared to even come down to the sand.
... Quarantine.
Kill them both.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
You let me worry about him, okay?
I'm a little concerned.
Jesus, you scared the hell out of us.
(calculating) Rumor has it she's a teensy bit afraid of the water... Poetry in motion, Miles.
She was supposed to be jamming down in the power room but... Repeat, this is an emergency...
You had me worried to death!
(dead serious) We're talking the possibility of Jason Voorhees here.
No no no... What was that?? (very worried) I don't know.
What about the fire??
Setting off a fire alarm causes panic...the same kind of panic caused by suggesting Jason Voorhees is on board.
(unable to hide fear) Do you know where we are, Sean?
...but it's broken.
I'm afraid of hurting you.
Are you ill? What?
That's awful.
Danger?
Your mastermind couldn't pass his exams on his own?
(clears her throat) The U.S. Government is not participating in an investigation of a member of the Russian parliament; our target is Alexander Pearce.
He had a pair of Russian hit men after him.
Did you miss me?
The watch.
We should go to the police.
Being a criminal?
You're going to risk everything for him.
Not particularly, but I'm tired of being afraid.
When I first saw the name I got scared: "Alexander Pearce."
It's really a shame you've scared him off-- The two of you make a nice couple.
Formidable!
Suspicion of what?
I'm wounded.
He cave your chest in.
You're under arrest.
I'm afraid they've become a bit... over-cautious.
Boca is scared.
Police!
What the hell?
Emergency!
We'll crash.
Crash.
We'll crash!
Stop.
Police!
Don't move... get you... hands up... you're under arrest... Up! Up, you sonofabitch!
Some say Rasputin ad harnessed all the dark powers of evil and that it was his curse which brought about the end . . .
Brats!
Back to work! catches Anya.
Who did you hear it from?
(hands his the papers) They're still wet.
I can do alterations.
Well, the only thing you've got when you've got a home is a fear of losing it!
I have a fever.
I won't say a word... Nervous?
That's the Russian Ballet - Russe for Russian, oh those crazy French... they only go to see which dancers will defect.
Watch me.
You hear that?
Epidemic!
She was having problems, too.
You watching?
(shakes his head) No way.
(Weakly.)
We gotta block on filter D. Oh, God... What's the problem?
I don't think there's any immediate danger, but we'll have to keep her under observation...
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
Rats.
It's dead.
A catterpillar can copy a snake...
This has evolved to mimic the most dangerous predator it's ever had... Us.
The blood... His blood!
Their eyes react to sudden movements.
(yelling) What's that?
(yelling) What about them?
What's the rule about getting up in the middle of the night?
Okay, this guy is trying to scare us.
I cursed.
All this stuff on TV... (beat) Joe Gills was in here talking about the end of the world... I'm just a little scared.
That would have scarred me for life.
Where are we going to sleep?
I'm scared.
You're scaring your sister.
I'm already scared.
The air is coming... Believe... We don't have to be afraid... It's about to pass...
Feel my chest... Breathe with me.
(whispers) He's not strong enough to fight off another attack.
Some say 'e walks the moors every midnight... others claim e's been dead for years... (panic) 'E was standin' right 'ere!
My teaching career is in danger of extinction.
Whimpering.
Moaning.
I'm frightened.
An earthquake?
You lose.
Those beasts are anxious to run wild.
I know why baseball players choke for no reason, I know why violinists throw up with fear before every concert, and need to, to give a great performance, but what I want to know is, how fear works in a group...
And after she was thrown out, she needed a job.
She needed a job, Malcolm.
You scared me.
Not after it begins to get dark.
Theo, I'm scared -- Hi, Luke Sanderson, bad sleeper, I'm your basic tosser-turner, and you are... Uh... Nell Vance...
I've missed it.
I got more scared.
That's where she hanged herself.
Why? Why'd she kill herself?
Strange noises in the night.
You brought us here to scare us.
You're disgusting.
I hadn't done a study of how group fear affects individual performance.
Your fear of him was real.
That's all the ghost anyone needs.
You and I, we were scaring each other, working each other up.
I'm going to stay with you until you fall asleep.
I was bad.
(worried) Where in the hell can she be.
In the night... NELL (cont'd) ...In the dark.
Watch out!
(to the house, to Crain) No! No! Let them go!
In the b.g., the Officers finish getting a statement from the Businessman as the still-worried Chauffeur inspects the limo.
What about the cop?
Suddenly a voice snaps him out of it.
Beat it.
Everything from firecrackers to hydrogen bombs.
Typical profile, usually losers, nobodies that're afraid to confront their victims.
They like scaring people.
That's why they call in their threats.
What scares me is that this guy is so sophisticated he could blow up whatever he wants, then disappear.
I warned them.
The lead car EXPLODES... Mary looks back in horror as she's whisked away.
Mary shakes her head, scared.
Why are we stopping here?
Did you have a nightmare?
My mommy says cheese gives you nightmares.
She says there's nothing to be afraid of in the dark.
Being afraid of the dark is what keeps most of us alive.
But your fear of the dark is not a weakness.
Suddenly, John opens his eyes.
Linda rolls over and falls back asleep. 1 31 John exits the house.
She hides behind Sister Clara, staring up at Carnby, curious, a little scared.
Suddenly, the double-doors at the other end of the Hallway burst open.
His back is marked with old scars and fresh bruises.
Five minutes... Carnby falls fast asleep.
117 117 Aline walks up to an imposing, slightly decrepit-looking old brick building in a bad area of town.
The military?
His eyes go wide in fear.
Can it be destroyed?
You're dead!
In a panic, they try to pull the plug.
Why attack Russia?
I'm sorry, baby.
We're afraid.
Sarah 132D Dyson, scared out of his mind, has his face jammed against the carpet, Run, kids!
I was scary stuff, radically advanced.
A BIKE COP who has 171A T-1000 guns the bike up a ramp to a pedestrian bridge which crosses 172A IN THE CORRIDOR the bike skirts flaming wreckage as it idles forward.
Drop him.
(getting scared) Yes I am! 173F Terminator fires three gas canisters into the lobby.
A beat.
He is stunned, and blood runs from 193G The wall of nitrogen vapor spreads from the demolished tanker.
195A TERMINATOR.
Come on, baby, it's -- I'm sorry.
That's disrespectful.
Hell, you were -- I was!
Starla, she gets real worried 'bout me I stay out too late.
I had a reaction to a bee sting.
You yourself said it was dark in there!
Another ranch attack!
What 'ranch attacks'?
So the dogs attacked, somehow he slew 'em all, and he stole off with the cow into the forest.
I gotta go.
Wally falls to his knees.
She trembles.
Bill falls against the side of this building, hiding in a dark crevice.
One of the diseased pushes Starla too hard, and she falls to her hands and knees.
(nervous) I-I'm sorry - can someone else please run the Ouija board?
It's creepy, it's wrong and it goes against the teachings of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
(suddenly freaked) What?! No!
(nervous, looks over shoulder) Welcome to Dinkie's Donuts.
You're the "Terminator?"
Y'hear me!
In other news...oh, did you hear about the six-armed Betty Dolls that robbed a bank the other day?
You're in both dreams and you're scared.
I get even more frightened when I see how afraid you are and then I realize what it is - there's a man...in back of this place.
So what's the problem?
They two guys in dark suits?
Beat it!
I don't know about the money... the key... it makes me feel ... afraid.
Well, Sir, I'm afraid they said you're overdrawn at your bank and your line of credit has been cancelled.
And? You're broke!
Now stop worrying, will ya.
I was afraid of that.
She's got enough to worry about up there in Canada.
Like we don't have enough to worry about in a dozen dirtwater countries.
You stopped.
I had it cupped.
Man, you are one scary-looking motherfucker!
This is a war.
It's those Russian interrogators again.
(in Russian) Put him in the chair.
What are you gonna do? (shrugs) Go United States.
How you going to get there?
I'm beginning an attack run.
(Russian/subtitled) Begin your run.
(Russian/subtitled) How many are down there?
Final approach.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
(Russian/subtitled) They're approaching the border.
ELLIE (worries) Daddy, do I really have to have the stingy stuff?
That creepy cemetery up in the woods.
What if he dies?
Well--almost the same--and we won't have to worry about him getting turned into catburgers by one of those damn Orinco trucks.
ELLIE (sets the plate down) I'm scared.
I'm scared and I want to go h-h-home!
Go and wash your face.
ELLIE (anxious) Do you promise, Daddy?
RACHEL (anxious) Still friends, doc?
I was a little worried there.
LOUIS (nervous; joking) Are there ghosts?
Each buries his own.
God, I was sorry to hear.
So buzz.
Now buzz.
The subject scares me.
It ain't your wife and little girl that's got me worried, Louis.
There was a fire.
A nightmare.
I'm scared!
Do you hear me?
She...Rachel's asleep.
Be dead.
You'll be deported.
I can hear you.
If they're still there.
I've been in hiding.
Dead.
And the Russians are really giving them hell.
You don't want to worry about that.
The Russians'll be here soon.
Sorry can we start again?
What's the Russian for ant?
Oh. (Yuri stands) We are Russian.
I'm so sorry You can stay tonight.
He says you scare him so much he must go to the toilet in his trousers.
The Russian shithead.
We can stop.
Now I'm scared.
Stop.
(in Russian) Stop it!
It's murder out there.
I'm afraid so.
To warn him.
I'm afraid you... (continuing; slightly shaken) Stop, Flynn.
You look nervous.
I can't believe how bad it's gotten around here since the MCP started taking over... all the good functions have shut down... everybody looks so dead... I'm afraid to even go out during down-time... That's all going to change, Yori... How? Don't know yet...
He's dead.
You died!
(very weak) They may be... de-rezzed... on the carrier ... hurry... Program... stop.
I (lays finger on her lips) Shhhhh.
What's bugging her?
Now what's the problem?
(and) I heard the other police talking last night.
Except she thinks you're afraid of the responsibility.
(beat, then) I'm afraid.
I'm afraid for Samuel.
That has no place in this house.
But there is the danger of infection, and he has lost a great deal of blood.
What if he dies?
You bring fear to this house.
Fear of English with guns coming after.
I'm a cop.
Cut that out!
You're a cop?
Can I watch?
It will put the fear of God into the ethics commission.
I'm watching it.
Bitch.
Terrible.
What you going to do with that knife?
You think that scares me?
But I read the ghost's file.
You needed me from the get go, but let's not piss on what's past.
You're a cop.
In your nightmares.
You're afraid to get your hands dirty, so you make others carry out your sins.
I killed you once.
Can you hear me?
Russian made - - late fifties.
There's been rumors for years that the Russians had a second base -- a secret weapons research facility under the ice that supposedly blew up in the late sixties -- nothing was ever confirmed.
No one knows half the things the Russian's were up to.
And if it is true, what's in those cannisters could be a prelude to another terrorist attack.
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell have you been?
I've got Newbies afraid to winterover, for Chirstsake.
But he was my partner and I killed him that night.
What did we miss?
How did you get wrapped up in thing, Doc? Weiss got hurt on the plane.
They were afraid to move him, so Mooney called me.
Was he depressed?
If your work and your private life don't correspond to their specifications you're labelled a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever.
I -- it was broken off.
When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him.
(oblivious to the danger) I'm overworked as it is.
(stops again, concerned) Isn't there?
You've killed him!
knife across Kafka's chest.
You asked me recently why I maintain that I am afraid of you ... Naturally things cannot in reality fit together the way the evidence does in my letter -- life is more than a Chinese puzzle.
(nervous) You know the crew could be armed.
(nervous) You ain't giving the orders here!
(quiet) Finnegan... It's okay...come on... (scared) I'm stuck... (jumpy) Hey!
(nervous) What was that?
You hear me?
As the assistant to the Purser, I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to vacate... Or maybe not.
Come in Red two! (panicked) It's them!
Drop it!
Jesus Christ lady... (scared) What are those things?
You hear me?
Fire!!
Oh my God, it's going to sink.
That'll slow them down.
If you blow up your boat, how are we going to get to the island?
A squid? Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles, a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast?
Can you get noise?
(to Trillian) You ever operate a jet ski? (nervous) You want ME to go up there?
That girl... it's like I was paralyzed.
I took my eyes off the road.
(startled) Who?
I'm driving along, suddenly this fella runs me off the road and starts hollering about his wife.
C'mon, shake a leg.
(weak) Where is she?
What the hell?
Stop!
What the hell?
She's been kidnapped!
Out of surgery.
I'm worried about him.
He's contagious.
This is disgusting.
Stop.
I admit it now, I was nervous.
I was nervous too.
Cowardice.
After the war.
We were guards.
Counsel, approach the bench.
When she gets out, she's going to need a job.
I'm still here.
The wind is blowing toward the storm.
Rachel rushes down the stairs to his side and hugs him in fear.
Suddenly the wind dies down to nothing.
(worried) Oh, Jesus.
Rachel, sweetheart... Dad, you're really scaring me.
Is this the terrorists?!?!
Where are we going?!?!?! We gotta go!
We gotta go.
I'm really scared.
What... What the hell is this?
What are you afraid is gonna happen to us? (walks over to the weight room corner of the basement) Nice basement.
I saw that storm.
HOLD ON!!! Oh, my god! (fearing danger to his son) ROBBIE!!! Help me.
And I know she's not sleeping 'cause she is so worried about you.
This is an extermination.
(feeling he's not grasping the reality) Are you afraid?
It stopped.
He dies?
I don't want to scare you.
People do amazing things when they're scared.
I dream I'm asleep.
I dream that I'm asleep and I can't wake up.
He died in '91.
Slow down.
(a new voice suddenly) Bonjour?
There was an accident.
(suddenly --) -- omigod!
-- (incoherent fear and confusion, German and English and--) -- what is he? -- what've you?
-- YOU'VE GOT (suddenly from behind) ...omigod, no... What? -- what? -- (attention split --) -- what is it?
...this is my picture... he's got my picture -- (holding it up, in horror --) -- this is me -- this is Zurich -- this... this... this is yesterday --just -- where does this come from?
We also thought we hadn't heard from you -- we've had a bit of a publicity nightmare, people have been talking.
Where did this body go?
-- (he's scaring her) -- Jason -- stop -- talk to me...I don't know what you're doing and you're scaring me -- what are you looking for?
You're in danger.
S'posed to be colder-n- a witches tit tonight... (nervous laugh) Oh, Lester.
It's weird, though.
Sorry I couldn't talk today kcause...I'm scared, okay?
There's been a... a fire.
Don't let that worry you, Annette!
Number two: the judges are as nervous as you are.
I meant, nervous about the pageant?
(suddenly perky) Oh! Nervous about the pageant!
We've gotta go to State! Oh hot! (she scorches her blouse) Oh, damn.
Stop it!
(they shake hands) Roy, Bruce.
Gotta go.
What is the harm?
What is the harm?
I go away.
The night of his birth, robbers came to his home and his family fled hiding the baby in a cattle pen.
Have compassion for them.
What is suffering?
Will we be in this war?
Under arrest.
Have been threatening trouble.
They are scared and running.
These are dangerous times.
You, kill me?
You'll get sick.
I am afraid.
It was during the war.
I was afraid to approach her, but that night, fate was on my side.
Then a dryness in the throat.
From there the poison works its way into the central nervous system causing severe muscle spasms, followed by the inevitable drooling.
It's dropping!
I can't take the pressure.
We're here at the World Center Construction Site, where a mysterious object was just uncovered in a freak accident in which one workman suffered minor injuries... ... Angel Grove Police have cordoned off the area until it can be determined whether or not the unidentified object poses any threat.
The planet is in GRAVE danger!
You had me scared there.
Rats!
It's far too dangerous.
And for all we know, Angel Grove could already be under attack.
I can hardly walk... I've never been this sore in my life.
The weapons are now a BLURR in his hands.
Our parents are in danger!
Rangers... I'm afraid you're too late.
At first, I did so because I feared Merlin, later because I loved you.
What?! The dragon!
Anyway, I was in less danger than you'll be in today.
They should have killed you.
So be it, to the death.
What horror is this?
That frightens me.
A king should be afraid, always.
Compassion?
I am a ghost of the King that once was... (he turns to Kay and with sudden harshness) ...Mordred is real, alive, my own flesh and blood.
Invaders attack the coasts.
Only I am feared.
I am sorry, woman, that I frightened you.
Once you almost saw, but fear blinded you.
Go away.
What horror is that?
I have heard noises and echoes through the stones... What is this place, Merlin?
Only I remain, and this...
Government and Defense Department officials are concerned by reports of panic in several large Eastern cities.
He's all right, General... Blood pressure's a little high, but it could be aggravation.
I'm afraid, in the present situation you'll have to learn to think that way.
(shocked and perturbed by this notion) I'm afraid that would be a little awkward.
Not very good news, I'm afraid.
(ruefully) I'm afraid my people haven't.
There is grave danger -- everyone agrees to that.
(with a derisive snort) He's afraid!
Well, sure I would, but -- (he's to be not going taken in) Aw, I'll bet you'd be scared.
(with a private smile) We can scare him more than he can scare us.
I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society.
(puzzled) If you mean that you are afraid of us-- (with cool impressive emphasis) We want to be sure you don't make -- let us say -- an unfortunate mistake.
But soon you will apply atomic energy to space ships -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planets.
I came here to warn you that, by threatening danger, your planet faces danger -- very grave danger.
(his lips trembling) I like Mr. Carpenter -- but I'm scared, Mom.
If the meeting should fail, then I'm afraid there is no hope.
I'm scared to death, Mrs. Benson.
(into phone, nervous and jittery) --Honest, Mary, I'm so scared I can't sit still.
Are you crazy?
(he pauses, studying the faces) The Universe grows smaller every day -- and the threat of aggression by any group -- anywhere -- can no longer be tolerated.
It is no concern of ours how you run your own planet -- but if you threaten to extend your violence, this Earth of yours will be reduced to a burned- out cinder.
You still in there?
Gwen you scared the living shit out of me.
I told you you came back to work too soon after the accident.
These headaches you've been getting.
I still...
What the hell did you do with her?!
Cops?
You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse.
Pitbull attacks.
She's only a vision I'm afraid.
I surrender... Wait... what the hell is this... (whispering) Surrender yourself... surrender yourself... Kirsty... Kirsty?
I saw their ghosts.
And that thing is this: Still in the dark I see?
I've been doing my homework.
Listen, I'm just as nervous as you are.
(before she can interrupt suddenly up a notch) It's different.
(after a moment) Jackson panicked and nailed the guard.
(appearing suddenly at Doc's shoulder) Be open five minutes out of the station.
You are here because you're under arrest.
Shells?
You half asleep Quinn?
I need to get back though.
He comes across creepy.
We have a problem.
Are you being serious?
They will stop you.
Where's your helmet?
Broken.
After my fall, I woke up walking.
Evacuated.
It's too dangerous.
I killed him.
He'll die.
Kill him.
Wan an.
(shocked) What'd you do that for?
(beat) Yeah, that's it.
If you are scared, I'll get someone else.
Attack!
In this exercise, you try to touch your partner's chest lightly, and your partner tries to block.
(beat) Shake hands and let your emotions go.
Do you turn away from him out of fear?
Look at him he is too scared to face me!
on't worry Preston - I've had a lot of practice at this: I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
She's beautiful ... she's fragile ... haunted ... DENHAM (cont'd) She can't escape the feeling that forces beyond her control are compelling her down a road from which she cannot draw back.
I was afraid you might be one of those self obsessed literary types.
You made it your own ... I was nervous.
NGLE ON: A TERRIFIED JIMMY braces himself for impact.
NGLE ON: JIMMY, a look of TERROR on his FACE.
NGLE ON: JACK looks with horror as a JAGGED ROCK looms out of Rocks! (yelling) Rocks to starboard ... to port ... rocks everywhere!
A part, deep inside himself that sounds a warning, but there's another part, that needs to know ... that needs to defeat the thing which makes him afraid.
You want that boat to sink?
ou're making them nervous!
Kill him!
IDE ON: KONG has LIFTED the END of the LOG! LL AROUND panicked SAILORS are SHOOTING WILDLY, but fear and lack WO SAILORS FALL ... CHOY scrambles for something to grab.
A SECOND TYRANNOSAUR ATTACKS!!!
A people who have dwelt all their lives in the shadow of Fear!
ACK watches as KONG'S FEAR builds to a growing sense of ANGER and ODGING bits of FLYING DEBRIS, JACK tires to push his way through AR WINDSCREEN POV ... KONG STOMPS on the CAR in FRONT, LIFTS FOOT (under his breath) Oh Jesus ... Follow that ape!
PANICKING DRIVERS PILE into he CAB SLEWS across the STREET, disappearing up a TINY ALLEY, ACK sends the CAB into a couple of TIGHT TURNS ... he rounds a ONG gently picks ANN up ... his EYES never leaving her FACE.
(angry, scared) You okay?
Picture Edward in a strange place, lost, frightened... I'd be there for him.
(concerned) Have you been sleeping?
The poor thing.
It lay dormant.
(worried) What's wrong?
Where the hell you been?
I was bad.
Wake up!
A snake!
Hello?...(hello?)...(hello?) (frightened) Hi...(hi)...(hi)...
Suddenly I'm not so hungry...
Then he talk in this real scary voice!
He was afraid of you.
(half asleep) Get to sleep Indy -- I stay up and keep eye on things... Okay, Shorty ... see you in the morning...I'm going to have a little -- word with Willie.
Holy smoke -- I'm scared, Indy!
Down there?! Are you crazy --!
You drink the blood, you not wake up from nightmare of Kali Ma.
Oh my God, you scared me!
I'm afraid they'll kill them!
Had? She's dead.
That's my line.
We owe him.
I need your pocket knife.
I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk.
That's what I'm afraid of most of all.
I got a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose.
That's why they'll kill you.
I gotta go...Manana.
Did you hear me?
You hear me?
It's awful.
So what's the problem?
Couple days before that I had a dream that my dog attacked me and it took all day for the pain in my arm to go away.
Sorry I woke you up.
Schizophrenia starts at twelve.
What if you had an accident?
I've been fired.
Oh, God, here we go again.
What are you still doing here?
Stop.
The bank was afraid of looters.
What the hell'd you do that for?
When old Mrs. Dugan went after you with a knife?
The scariest thing that ever happened before was Charlie running out of donuts.
Jesus, I can't stop shivering.
I'm afraid I don't know the names of the grandchildren.
Why'd you shoot him?
In the middle of the big flood last year, I was patrolling the streets in a boat, feeling kind of sorry for myself -- 'cause it was my birthday and all -- when I saw the front door to a house was open.
I pulled my gun -- afraid it might be looters.
You'll kill me?
Kill him!
(breathes deep) The air after a rain...
There's a collective GROAN and the sound of two hundred panicked asses twisting in their seats.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 3. Campus is a ghost town, most students having already left for the holidays: the DORMS abandoned, the LIBRARY STACKS empty, the LABS silent, the DINING HALLS eerie.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 4.
An underclassman GUY, 19, is asleep behind the wheel of the Oldsmobile.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 5. I'm two hours late?! Shit.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 13.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 14.
What are you doing?! Wait - WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 15.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 16.
GIRL (cont'd) (calling into vent) WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 17.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 19.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 20.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 21.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 25.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 26.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 27.
GUY (cont'd) What the hell?! WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 28.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 30.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 31.
It was an WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 32.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 34.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 36.
The guy- What guy? WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 37. I don't know, it was weird.
We?! WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 42.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 43.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 45.
You should all come with a warning, like car mirrors: "Objects in belly shirts are flakier than they appear."
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 46.
Layers... WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 47.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 48.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 49.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 50.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 51.
Because I'm afraid I won't wake up.
When WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 57.
...Of course I might be willing to let you off with a warning this time... if we can come to some sort of arrangement... What are you talking ab- (whispers) It's a shake-down.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 59.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 63.
But we have to deal with it, `cause like it or not, it is happening... WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 64.
Why is this happening to us? (hands on her belly) I can feel your stomach rumbling.
Oh no... WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 65.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 66.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 71.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 72.
GUY (cont'd) (nervous relief) HAH! Next time pick on someone driving a Hyundai- WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 74.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 75.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 76.
I didn't want to scare you- WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 77.
So? WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 78.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 79.
(urgently) Don't let me die out here- WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 81.
No!!! WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 93.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 94.
His hat has fallen off and floats in the icy water flooding the car, threatening to short the radio.
Suddenly it dawns on our girl that he isn't talking to them.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 95.
Suddenly there's a WHOOSH as the engine fire spreads across the car's undercarriage, moving toward the FUEL TANK.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 96.
Suddenly - The COP launches himself out of the window of the overturned car at them.
Skin peeled and blackened, he starts crawling over the rocks, dragging his paralyzed lower body after them.
As she begins scrambling up the snowy slope away from the horror below.
Suddenly she loses her grip and starts to slide back down on her belly toward the cop a dozen feet below.
Slow down.
We're not out to put a dark cloud over your head.
If you think you scared me, you didn't.
Stop.
God, I'm sorry.
Missed you!
Missed you!
Oh, baby, I'm sorry!
Everybody is frozen now -- scared.
What's your problem now?
(coy) Did I?
That's fuckin scary.
My name is Tillman, freak.
Who the hell is that?
Pure crystallized horror, two stories tall and covered in bloody red... (beat) He's so what they want.
Kid, trust me - I was going house to house in Tehran while you were still sucking mommy's nipple.
Things Castle's afraid of.
(nervous) Uhhh...
Hang on.
They turn, suddenly aware of him.
Because Castle's scared of you.
Trying not to show how scared he is.
HACKMAN'S FACE erupts with BLOOD.
HACKMAN SWINGS BLIND with the BOWIE KNIFE, once, twice - the blade misses KABLE, backpedaling, by fractions of inches; displacing some SERIOUS AIR... HACKMAN lets it FLY.
They stop.
He SPAZZES OUT like a turtle on it's shell, a moment of panic - he's been PASSED OUT in his chair and doesn't immediately know where he is.
Looks like someone up the chain decided you're no longer a threat.
He was scared to come off the roof.
That's intriguing.
He's a little nervous tonight.
I didn't mean to scare you.
-- Now you'll have to kill me.
Poor thing.
and co. up against the glass doors, the other holding the CROWD at bay; imitating her swoon, to no one's amusement; OTHER MIMES cruelly mimic their terrified poses...
The panic.
We've got a market panic of national proportions.
A bomb.
That's kidnapping.
Panic's up.
Terror's up.
And fear -- fear's gone straight through the roof .
I'm frightened for you.
(sits up, terrified) What is it?
I can't help it if voices speak to me, if the Holy Virgin appears before me and angels and devils like my company.
The plague.
Does that scare you?
Scare?
What are the horrors you've painted over there?
I crawl into a ditch and hide when they pass by.
I see myself in it, and I am filled with fear and disgust.
Do you hear me?
Then life is an outrageous horror.
When that day comes ... In our fear, we make an image, and that image we call God.
You are worrying ... Death visited me this morning.
The Crusade.
It's worse than that.
What are you screaming about?
They flee the country and carry the plague with them wherever they go.
And people are going mad from fear.
So you're afraid too.
Has she disappeared?
Has she deserted you?
I only become frightened and angry.
Were they frightened?
Shake hands.
The witch?
I see fear in your eyes, an empty, numb fear.
They are so afraid of him that they don't even dare touch me.
Kill him.
I'm so frightened.
I'm afraid of death.
Death.
Have mercy on us because we are small and frightened and ignorant.
(on her knees) It is the end.
It's a little sore.
You had an accident.
(then) Will you shake my hand?
The blood flow has subsided Suddenly Sam 1 sees the GIRL in the mirror.
(a beat) He scares me, Gerty.
What is it about Sam that scares you?
And stops.
He is stunned.
Sam 1 fast asleep in bed.
A premonition?
You had an accident.
Did you hear that?
Operator?
A THREE-HEADED DEVIL emerges from the shop carrying a sackful of videos - and recognizes STU, much to his horror.
Land of nightmares.
I told you, it's the land of nightmares.
You're a masochistic pain freak.
I've been trying to get through to the head guy - the nightmare god - what's his name?
Sorry, Kitty!
The god of nightmares!
I was depressed.
That's why she was having the nightmare.
(spreading his hands) So I need a job.
Worried about my feelings, are you?
Atilla the Hun.
We need nightmares - lots of 'em.
What's he gonna do - draw really scary cartoons?? Oh, no, no, no.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
We sent you up to make nightmares!! Now find that nightmare juice and get to work.
Head trauma.
It's the nightmare juice.
I'll worry about the guards.
Stop this.
It's degrading!
Who? (protesting) That's it!
(thickly accented English, sympathetic) Are you afraid, Vilyum?
There's nothing to be afraid of.
(lifeless) What did he do?
There's also a lot of "Baksheesh" that's a favorite Turkish word for bribery... Unfortunately my youngest son Arief is having problems with his teeth; he needs braces, but dentists are so expensive these days (patting Arief on the head) Poor kid...
(mutters to himself) Work, work, work, that's all do I don't hear you bitch about the money.
What do you mean, you forgot, he'll have my ass! Well I can't do two things at once, you were supposed to be here at nine o'clock! (looking up, scared) Jesus!
We fight now.
Bad.
Nebu? (worried) What's going on?
(cowering, pretending fear) From Max. (under his breath) You got to be kidding.
'What are you crazy?
You being the boss with all the worries, me just along for the ride.
You'd make a hummingbird nervous.
3. 2. 1. Drop.
We'll hunt you down.
Your fly.
I am fly.
And I'm da bomb.
It was an accident.
You'd give a woodpecker a headache.
But it's you that has the problem.
We'll still be here.
What the hell?
Formidable.
Wait a minute, you'll scare him off.
A nervous newlywed?
Please... a moment... if I... CAMERLENGO (cont'd) It is true we are under attack from an old enemy.
And this time they've struck from within, murdering our Holy Father and threatening us all with destruction at the hands of their new god, science.
There is a growing fear that without the four prefiriti, a two- thirds majority for any candidate may be impossible.
-- possibility of terrorism, as the church has now confirmed arson at one of its oldest and holiest churchesresulting in at least six confirmed deathsinitial rumors that one of the dead was Cardinal Ebner of Frankfurt -- been refuted by the Vatican, which has asked international media not to engage in, quote, "wild speculation"-- -- as conclave goes on, with no sign of agreement on a new pope yet.
I don't want the last image of this church to be frightened old men sneaking out a back door.
-- and steps into the Pope's private library, where the POUNDING -- and, on the other side, Langdon and Vittoria squint at theCamerlengo is in danger!
But there is worse.
He promised a paradise, but he has made a hell full of all its horrors.
You worry too much, Carvajal...
For I have sinned.
Cursed?
God has abandoned us.
Listen to me! Every man is afraid who does something for the first time.
But those who overcome their fears, will find their rewards.
I do not know if it is God's will that we cross this ocean -- but I am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts...
He dead.
(seriously) To rise so high, in so short a time, is a dangerous occupation.
What are you afraid of?
We will wash this in blood.
In this forest, there is enough danger to sweep us away in days!
I am afraid this is not the worst news.
To hear him...
He has changed.
He falls to the ground screaming for help, but the other prisoners run like rabbits, terrified...
He's such a nightmare to shop for.
Homeless.
I'm afraid so, Miss Vale.
She rolls off suddenly; when he tries to sit up, she pushes him back down with a single finger.
I slept with the Pharoah.
Five stories up, an UPDRAFT hits him and he suddenly INVERTS.
PEDESTRIANS are already gawking and pointing as the DRIVER climbs out and peers down at the inert caped figure lying face-down in the street: What the hell is CARS are backed up, due to the panic in Gotham Square a few blocks over.
An awful shiver of anticipation runs down his spine.
It's late, and the house is dark as TIPTREE treeds silently downstairs carrying an OVERSIZED SUITCASE.
FRACK has opened a panel on the kitchen wall, revealing the SECURITY SYSTEM from which the alarm emanates.
Still a 46.
They're ghosts.
Stop here.
Bunker.
I gotta go.
A lawyer!?
I wanted to tell you, but I couldn't -- I was afraid you'd leave... good guess, huh? (grimacing) Fuck, why can't I ever say what I really mean?
How's that sit in your gut, Utah? (cold and scary) Take your hand off my shoulder right now.
They shake hands.
I don't need your calls in the middle of the night.
A drunk guy is half asleep at the corner table.
When he opens up his eyes again- Ben steps back terrified.
I need this job, I need the money.
He is scared of what he is about to discover.
Michael is terrified and cries out for his mother- Mom! Mom! Amy swings the door open and turns on the light.
You're scaring the kids acting like this.
These mirrors are dangerous.
Angela was a part of our lives too, but you have no right to do this to us... Ever since your obsession with these damn mirrors the kids are scared to death.
Your son has nightmares.
He's scared Ben...
I'm so scared, Ben... What's happening?
We are in the dark basement, under the farmhouse.
And after the hospital?
MICHAEL?! Amy freezes when she realizes that all the picture frames and all the mirrors in the corridor have been scraped, bringing the reflecting surfaces, once again, to the light... (scared) Ben, someone scraped all the mirrors...
(panicked) I don't know where he is.
Terrified, she steps back and hits the opposite wall.
She is suffocating.
In reality, A TRICKLE OF BLOOD APPEARS ON DAISY'S THROAT.
She is terror-stricken by the events in the house... Don't move sweetheart... Fortunately, Daisy's wound is not deep.
She begins to shake him and to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation as she applies rhythmical pressure to his chest.
He strives to regain consciousness... Ben takes advantage of the brief respite to pull out his gun but- "Anna" appears from the dark and, in a flash, she strikes a backhanded blow that sends the gun off into the air.
Suddenly, under the water, his hand lands on the gun.
Rage and violence have replaced the terror and dread.
The silhouette suddenly emerges from the dark.
Ben steps back in panic.
I'm afraid there's nothing else for it.
And stroke!
Stroke!
Its uncanny.
Stop.
You hear that.
He's vulnerable here.
What is the problem?
She is attacking our whalers.
Pray stop your bellyacheing.
Stroke.
[ ] Creature?
A poem, Sir? [ ] (after a moment's reflection) 'Oh were it mine with sacred Maro's art, To wake to sympathy the feeling heart, Then might I, with unrivalled strains, deplore, Th'impervious horrors of a leeward shore.' 'Transfixed with terror at th'approaching doom...' What! (apologetic) ...they were only people of the merchant service, of-course, Sir.
No. Are you in a panic?
I miss you, too.
I had a nightmare last night.
Look, she was worried about me, she came to see if I was all right - which yes, is stupid but not, as far as I know, a crime, and hardly a mortal sin.
(anxious) Where's Luisa?
Will you watch them now?
I'll miss you.
She's a bit nervous here.
(yawns) Anyway, I'm too tired to worry about the creep.
You have a nightmare too?
What the hell you doing here?
That's why we were there; she was afraid to sleep alone.
I gotta go to school, Mom.
A MAN is over there in dark clothes, reading 40A.
I'm warning you .
(beat) There... was this guy who had knives for fingers... Do you think I did it?
I heard you freaked out in English class today.
And what you do to your arm?
Jesus, it's dark in here.
Still there?
This isn't your average nightmare, Daddy -- damn it!
What the hell.
She's starting to scare the living shit out of me.
He wouldn've stopped.
Saw him lying there in that caked red and yellow sweater he always wore, drunk an' asleep with his weird knives by his side... (dreading it) Go on...
Mommy killed him.
Were Rod's?
If you mean the bars, Marge's just being cautious, her being alone and Nancy acting so nervous lately.
It's my nightmare he comes to.
MUSIC SUDDENLY 207.
And now you die... 208.
Nooo, nooo... Don't sergeant.
I always worry about the bellies of our children.
I am afraid of the man at the fort.
I am afraid that he will tell some whites that I am here.
I am afraid that they will try to take me away.
Run! Now I lay me down to sleep.
I need to get out.
We got a snake.
It makes me afraid for all the Sioux.
The hell you did...
They will hunt for me.
It was about who would get scared and turn back first.
You stopped.
(a flicker of anxiety) Where?
We'll miss it!
We'll miss it.
(mind racing) He was afraid of being exposed.
(anxious) Come on.
My medication.
(nervous) Twelve have a mission within the week.
I'll miss you.
Not yet, I'm afraid.
(panic starting to show) Vincent, where's the shore?
I declared war! (sadly) Oh...and I was afraid we had nothing in common... (under his breath) Fourteen-fifty hours, sir.
Scared.
(off Weaver's nod) Are you scared?
You watch yours, soldier, or my worker friend will beat you up! (terrified) Oh, that's okay, I'll let him off this time.
I owe you!
(to the soldier ant next to him) Lays it on a little thick, doesn't he?
Dismissed.
He'll watch out for you.
I'm afraid he got... downsized .
A warrior.
You're crazy about me!
Z!!!!!!! I'm stuck!
It's a horror movie .
shot out ... Yippeeeeee! (terrified) equally terrified... (to Z) Hey, take it easy!
There's nothin' to be afraid of!
Stop!
(to himself) How am I going to get in?
The place is crawling with soldiers!
I surrender!
(horrified) -- Formica's going to flood the colony !!! That's what he meant when said there were too many ants!
Your majesty, I'm afraid matters of state keep me from attending the ceremony.
He's right!!! panic as every ant tries to scramble You there!
Stop!
What are you doing?! ATTACK!! (berating his army) Come on, you yellow-bellies!
On the ground!
I was watching that.
He's weak.
Stop!
They're threatening to pull a Saddam Hussein: remember the Scuds he lobbed at Jerusalem during Desert Storm?
Afraid that's not the case... The North Korean Premier holds what we call a "Brinksman Switch."
Military.
The warhead vents the plague bacteria above the target area, infecting about 50,000 people.
Word leaks out to a city of 12 million people there's rocket full of the Plague coming at 'em, you'll create a panic of biblical proportions.
NEWS IS OUR FUCKIN' JOB!! (on TV) ...A warning was radioed to U.S. Intelligence that a biological weapon, allegedly containing the deadly Pneumonic Plague, is approaching Los Angeles.
(thru car radio) ...These words, which have terrified the city: (thru car radio) ...A biological weapon, allegedly containing the deadly Pneumonic Plague, is approaching Los Angeles... (into radio) Miranda..! (thru radio) I heard.
Can't you disarm the bomb?
Too risky.
You a bomb expert?
(into phone) ...I'll call you next week.
I have seen ghosts, Whitman.
Scar on your chin happened when you were ten, you still wonder if it's ever going to fade away.
A dark entity -- Evil, ancient and hungry.
How do I kill it -- ?
What do you think this is, "The Brady Bunch?" These... freaks -- (lowers his voice, tense) These freaks, Trevor, they give me the creeps.
Yeah, I gotta go, too.
Go away.
I worry about you.
You're reckless.
Watch out.
In the dark -- I heard your voice -- What -- did you say -- ?
Because for her, for her -- I'll die.
He's a lawyer.
They're still doing this?
So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?
Worse.
You can beat this.
(To children) There's no need to worry about Santa.
We're doomed.
Do you hear that?
No way, it's too dangerous.
I'm sorry about freaking out yesterday.
Why'd he stop?
That was a warning shot.
(rising terror) Jonesy!
(gripped with panic) Ahhhh!
(panicked) Oh, mother of Jesus, forgive me of my-- (making a decision) Get him into the Shack.
Okay, watch this..
That bitch!
(reading) "Debbie Does Dallas"... (looks up and grins) Hell, it's in Russian.
You read Russian?
Can you beat that?
(suddenly) You don't think it was from going on that ship do you?
You look in the shower room... Oh, God...what's going on?
(panicked) Sixpack...what's going on?
Stop it.
It ran out of blood.
We don't have much choice... without air, the internal pressure will fall and-- Crunch...Implosion.
(worried) I don't know yet, she's still in there.
My dad will freak!
What the hell are you doing?
I need you to pull your vehicle onto the shoulder!
I know it's crazy, but I'm really scared for the others.
Don 't worry.
Here it is, gotta go.
I'm so scared.
But you can use that fear.
Dead.
Such fire in you now.
But be warned.
Do you hear me?
It was...horrible.
It was a premonition?
Sleep in shifts.
Freaked me out so bad I hid in a shopping cart for four hours.
That's retarded.
Stop that!
We gotta go now.
I was in a hospital.
Can you hear me?
But the noise, how do they sleep?
That's a threat?
Is he dead?
You're monsters.
NIGHTMARE.
STORM on LAKE - NIGHT Conrad and Buck are fighting against the storm in their small sailboat Conrad is twisting in his bed under his nightmare EXT.
NIGHTMARE.
STORM on LAKE - NIGHT Conrad and Buck are fighting against the storm in their small sailboat Conrad is twisting in his bed under his nightmare EXT.
STORM on LAKE - NIGHT (NIGHTMARE) Conrad is clingin at the keel of the overturned sailboat Bucky!
Conrad is twisting in his bed under his nightmare and muttering in his sleep.
Dr. BERGER'S OFFICE DAY Conrad sits in an armchair, very nervous, scratching his leg.
Hang on.
She killed herself!
Haaa... Conrad cries I'm scared!
I'm scared.
Feelings are scary.
Beth enters the dining room in the dark.
Calvin is sitting at table in the dark, sobbing, his head in his hands.
TWO DEAD THINGS attack him.
But there is a problem.
Cholo kills the bitten security guard, too.
Cholo turns the gun on the surviving security guard.
Kill him?
We don't negotiate with terrorists.
Right outside the throat.
Behind him... ...SLACK and CHARLIE stand, weapons ready, eyes alert for danger.
You missed.
I blew its ass off.
It's dead.
But there are rats here too!
Stop.
You're fired!
We shall overcome the fat cats.
Phone call!
That's disgusting!
(suddenly) Are you scared?
Scared?
What are you, crazy?
Falco is gonna be sore tonight.
The ball is stuck in his face!
Fire him?!
He's got a knife!
The ball is snapped, the kicker moves forward and suddenly Brian Murray breaks through the offense and blocks the kick.
Big house.
I cut myself.
I'll be scarred for life.
Miss!
Did you hear me?
You're hurting.
Blood's one of them.
Thunder.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
What can you do? (pause) There's nothing to be frightened of.
But he escaped you.
Have you had an accident?
Dead.
I'm afraid it's true.
We'll deal with the police - Where are you going?
He's dead.
Kill me.
You bitch.
Let's do this fast so I can go home.
I don't blame you for being sore.
What are you missing?
We're cops.
Cops!
He's our prisoner!
I'll drop him off.
There's been a murder.
A foreigner.
A barbarian.
(beat) More you.
You feel you have a debt you can never pay.
A criminal.
Now drop it, okay?
Damnit, Ichiro, I'm tired of people telling me what I can and can't do.
I won't put myself in danger for you anymore.
(terrified) I can't... Slide over.
What the hell are you doing?!
(stopping) Why's that?
They still there?
I'm afraid I'm gonna see an old lady with white hair, like the old ladies inna park, little bundles inna black shawl, waiting for the coffin.
A curse.
Don't be so afraid.
(the silence again falls between them.)
The martyr.
I dropped it!
Stop.
Now! Disaster!
Creatures.
I woke up and there's dis thing on me! (the leg band) Go home and every flyinbird starts dissin' me: `Hey Yellaleg'`What's happenin' Whats that on your leg, Yellaleg?'
Fly.
Ritmo Cubana! ...Riba Riba! Shake those hips!
Watch me!
I hear them.
...It's a seizure!
Stop.
A meat eater (terrified) The - fish - are - ours.
Was I dead?
So we're dead.
Is there a problem?
Now it's your problem.
Is he a cop?
Hello Mum.
I'm afraid the room won't be ready until four o'clock.
It's me... Hi Mum.
He was eccentric.
I'm a cripple.
So we kill them both.
It's a risk...
D'you kill him?
Fight.
Chang?
What did you do, Mum?
I'm scared, Julian.
We're outside.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me now?
Sorry, am I interrupting?
Do you hear me.
(a threat) We'll see.
I wouldnit worry about him.
Police?
"Witchcraft."
Watch.
Hell-o.
Now where's my cut?
So, Hawk!
You are so weak!
The Red Threat.
People were scared, the Agency was respected, and I got laid every night.
Oh Hudson, I was worried you weren't going to drop by....
Shot.
A thief.
Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out!
Silencer bomb...
I'm a ghost.
Boo.
Brokers, economists, and fellow entrepreneurs will drown in the saliva of their own nervous breakdowns.
Alfred's throat which Don't lose your head over this.
Oh Bunny, Ball-Ball.
We got some FLIR off an AWAC of a coupla go-fast boats, on one run, that's all.
(beat) Then?
You're worried about me.
You worry about you.
Get hurt.
You worry about you.
She's dead...
Disappeared.
Then the military.
Then prison.
They're cautious.
It still is.
Watch out.
She's on the prowl.
(concerned) How are you feeling ?
Frightful.
Oh, below the knee I should think.
So, would you - Western civilization must root out this evil, wherever it hides, or she risks defeat at the hands of global terror in a nuclear age.
Now it persecutes them.
You're a monster!
Worried about our careers, are we?
This is a war.
Prime Minister, we have secured the beachhead - The Argentinian troops are demoralized and ill equipped...The paratroops have taken Goose Green... Shortly after dark last night, our forces executed what our Commander in Chief has called a brilliant surprise night attack.
You scared me.
Is there a problem here?
Planes get hit by lightning.
So why are you still here?
I shot him.
Am I bad?
No need to panic.
I scared you -- I crossed the line -- No -- it's not that.
It's dead.
Emergencies only.
Hey, slow down, turn off the little motor up in there...What do you say we go to the gym and work off a little stress?
He's dead.
You killed him.
Where else you gonna go, son?
I need to get there, now.
You sick freak.
(terrified) He's inside.
But the threat was called in for the Federal Building across the street.
What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston.
(suddenly nervous) It's locked?
There was a moment of panic.
Panic?
Have you ever seen me panic, Scully?
(startled) What?
But if it's through simple contact of blood to blood, and if it doesn't respond to conventional treatments, it could be a serious health threat.
I think it's gestated -- Wait -- I see it -- (nervous wonder) Oh my god.
Is it an emergency?
We began to worry.
More concerns than that?
It must... Scully... Something's wrong... (fighting for clarity) I'm having -- lancinating pain -- my chest.
She's got constriction in the throat and larynx -- are you breathing okay?
Coming through -- She said she had a taste in the back of her throat -- there was no pre-existing allergy to bee-stings -- the bee that stung her may have been carrying a virus -- A virus? Get on the radio, tell them we have a cytogenic reaction, we need an advise and administer -- I think he's coming out -- He's coming to.
Scarecrow.
Are we being watched?
(weakly) Where are we?
Bees and corn crops do not quite fall under the rubric of domestic terrorism.
(stepping out of the trailer, hands on her Wasn't you.
It's just stress, Jeep, that's all.
What's your problem now?
What the hell's that?
That's too bad.
I saw what I needed to do, but I was afraid... (breaks down) She could've killed you!
Yeah...The hell is that?
Now! Shoot now!
Shells!
(approaches Michael, panic setting in) Look, this is not possible!
This first attack was a test of our strength.
Being in a war?
So what's with that gun?
Sometimes we have to face the thing we fear the most in order to be free of it.
He's still in here!
He's bleeding!
And a grenade.
You should have worried more about saving yourself.
That is dangerous.
I gotta go.
You shouldn't be coming down here in the dark.
My knee and my head.
You scared us, champ.
Now you're being crazy.
Is this so bad?
I'm scared and I need you and you're not here.
I'm scared.
I was in this house...but it was late at night.
I was afraid.
I don't want to scare you, but I have never, in all my years of doing this, experienced anything as terrifying as their presence.
When you were about eight...you suffered night terrors.
Awful fits of pure fear.
You were terrified of an old woman who you said would come to visit you at night.
In each photo, she got closer and closer to you... Finally, I was so scared, I called Elise.
But in the back of your mind, you're still afraid of having your picture taken, aren't you?
A parasite.
What a tramp.
I hear you...
You're asleep in your bed in our home.
You're scaring me, tell me where Josh is?
We have just folded space from Ix... (extremely nervous) Yes?... How was your journey?
I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops.
Can you hear me?...
Many dangers exist on Arrakis.
(inner voice) What does she fear?
Who is the traitor?
Fear is the mind- killer... the little death that brings total obliteration... 53A.
(We see Yueh turn toward her, fearful.)
(nervous) Here he is... We've got to go.
Watch!
Did you hear a noise from the little one?
You killed the doctor too soon, you fool! (inner voice) Yueh... Yueh... dead... Paul and Jessica safe... the tooth!
Through sound and motion you will be able to paralyze nerves, shatter bones, set fires, suffocate an enemy or burst his organs....
This changes both!
-- It is changed!
She frightens them.
(out loud again) A storm is coming -- our storm... and when it comes it will shake the Universe.
Poor Emperor, I'm afraid my brother won't be very pleased with you.
What the hell now?
It was an accident.
(panicked whisper) What the hell are you doing?
Cops.
You sick crazy on a board, on a bike!
He dies for what?
Now! What's the problem?
Is there a problem?
Now I have to hide out here with you.
What the hell are you doing?
Yours kidnapped you, mine abandoned me.
A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head.
I must be healthy, then, because I'm scared to death.
What the hell are we doing?
Did you do your homework?
(in Russian, subtitled) They're coming!
The poison needles?
(worried) Do you think the baby can handle a little sip? (eyeing her) Ginny, that baby's ready to tend bar.
...I've missed you.
Are you still there?
He had the detonators!
(worriedly) They're shooting at them (calmly) It's panic fire...they can't see anything.
(worried) Is the building on fire?
Hang in there.
(as the picture stabilizes) ...of the Nakatomi building, sources say that the terrorist leader 'Hans' may be this man, Hans Gruber.
(worried) What are you going to do? Hey, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast.
Are you insane?
You hear me?
That should shake'em up.
With all the power shut down, those bastards are probably scared shitless.
No, they were asleep when I got here.
(beat) You've really scared me.
It attacks the nervous system.
And with Duncan, as I said, the disease would only manifest itself in periods of extreme anxiety.
Wake up.
Curt's asleep.
I was fired!
They were fast asleep.
Stranger.
What the hell are you doing?
Intruder!
Intruder!
Cliff?...
Look what the Russians did to it.
After the kidnapping...I was afraid to go outside, to be alone, to be in a crowd, to do anything at all, until I realized... (pause) There's no point in living if you can't...feel alive.
Now who's the coward?
You new? (Russian accent) Yes.
Splitting headache.
Shoot.
You think I fear death?
I get on my knees and pray for it.
So distressing for M.
Are you crazy?
That monster!?
He disgusts me!
You disgust me!
They're getting their weapons from the Russians, but where are they getting the money to buy the weapons?
Then it's no longer a bomb?
(back to work, urgent) It's a bomb alright.
Over-praise, I'm afraid.
I'm afraid it is what you did.
You will die.
Russian stuff.
He killed me!
Not in cold blood.
You'd miss me.
You will die for this.
Do you know why you're scared when you're alone?
(beat) I was afraid -- you called it acute anxiety... (beat) You were wrong.
I'm still afraid.
...I'm still afraid.
You're worried because she said she told him things.
He got hurt in the neck by another man with a screwdriver.
I don't want to be scared anymore.
(beat) I'm off then.
Where'd you hear that?
I don't know which one of these guys told you that, but they were just trying to scare you, I think.
Stop it!
I see ghosts.
(on T.V.) Mommy, my throat hurts.
The bumble bee pendant.
Did you move the bumble bee pendant?
If you're not very mad... Can I sleep in your room tonight?
It means... 'I don't want to die.' (beat) Not all the ghosts are scary, are they?
She watched out for you.
She died.
Cole, you're scaring me.
Ghosts.
I miss you.
I miss you.
I'm still here.
The pain.
You missed it.
Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face.
He pulled his knife and I got to mine first.
Did he die?
It was slow.
A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep.
You tappy heads better not tear down my house.
What's the problem here?
She has a fish bone caught in her throat.
That was my brother's knife.
Stop it!
Stop it!
The poor thing is not to blame.
The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you."
The punch...
Is that an earthquake?
Dr. Kimble... Sorry, we've been trading phone calls last few days ... something about a biopsy report I returned to you? (suddenly attentive) Yeah... Three.
Are we home yet?... (to phone) Dr. Kimble (suddenly attentive) When?
Brain surgery?
Stop! Down.
(shocked) What?
Where you gonna go?
I gotta go.
Police! ...As a graduate of the class of 1984, you are someone special... ...Whenever news of you filters back, the school is excited and proud of your accomplishments... ...We hope Grosse Pointe High prepared you well to lead the kind of life that makes an impact on the world... ...Remember, "there's no where you can go that you haven't learned how to go in time... It's easy..." (in severe pain) Whatever it is that I'm doing that you don't like I'll stop doing it.
I think what you fear Martin is domesticity.
It's the greatest fear that men have who belong to Western Culture.
Uneasy.
Well, I gotta go.
I gotta go.
I kill.
I'm an attorney.
You both are mistaken.
I was afraid to commit to a relationship, but now I know I'm ready to make it happen.
What a shock.
Yes well we have a suspect, so don't get that worried.
I happen to work for the police god dammit!
I was afraid they were bait, something to, ya know, trick you out of hiding.
Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me!
Well, if you're watching this tape, it means as I feared, I did not survive these killings here at Windsor College.
What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
I was attacked in the bathroom.
I make horror films, that's what I do.
You're dead!
The GHOST rushes Sid.
(freaked) What! Natalie, what?
Where do I hide it?
Sorry, Angels.
Still, I worry that no one is watching the door.
(off their looks) Hey, you don't have to worry about scaring me.
We're worried you'll scare us.
Stop it .
From the crash.
All you people are so scared of me -- an' most days, I'd take that as a compliment -- but it ain't me you gotta worry about now.
But least this way I don't have to worry about falling asleep and not wakin' up.
A toast to their ghosts, then.... Didn't leave, these people.
Oh, ask him 'bout those shakes.
Ain't me you gotta worry about.
A PREDATOR BUZZSAWS over his head , fleeing the cabin, taking off Fuck me .
(no response) Got no right to be so scared.
With her bleeding.
They go off blood.
Slow down.
That's the only rule.
A predator kamikazes onto the shield , its bone-blades piercing he catches the beast under its scythe blades , blunting the attack.
Is You'd die for them?
I know you view that as a weakness, but I'm sorry -- I do feel fear, theirs too.
Suddenly a predator is right there , right in our face.
I made no request to go out riding today.
I have no wish to go riding.
She'll take a light supper alone in her private drawing room and retire early.
I fear the influence he has on her.
(beat) I know there are those in the establishment too afraid to attack me and so they attack my dearest friends.
She'll be worried about me.
She'll drop you.
Do you hunt?
Kitchen and lower house.
The threat.
It frightens me.
You are forcing me to do the very thing you know I fear most!
Swell.
Back to work.
In the middle of the night?
You're scaring the hell out of Wes here.
The Dream Police.
You're suffering from extreme fatigue and stress that manifested itself into one hell of an anxiety attack.
This whole town is in danger.
In the nightmares.
I've been in danger before.
I was scared.
Gina's too scared to understand.
I'm half asleep already.
It's difficult.
What...there are rules to all this?
You scared the shit out of me!
Where are the Dream Police?
It's too dangerous.
You're hurting me.
Stop.
You're scaring me.
You're scaring me.
(beat) So.
Murderer!
A stomach thing.
Yeah, except for holding a gun to senator Malcolm's goddman head in his own goddman house last night, Anderson's sitting it out!
He was in shock.
It was you shooting him.
You're scaring me, Rose Stop talking.
(pointing to needles) Lindenmeyer developed neural connectors that tap directly into the nervous system.
(eyeing Parker's scar) New scar you making it okay in there?
(a beat) I'm becoming something else, and it scares the hell out of me.
Synthetic blood.
Where's my gun?
You're awful at it.
Stop me.
Authority still makes me nervous.
Why?! Were you afraid I'd lose it?! Go over the edge?! Huh?! Is that what you were afraid of?! Hands up! Now! (recovering) What's going on?
Captain, I'm afraid of how smart Sid 6.7 is.
(a beat) But I'm even more afraid of what's he's becoming.
(a beat) I did.
Who the hell are you?
A bomb's going off tomorrow night, but I have no idea where.
(shaking out the cobwebs) ...I think so...You?
Where the hell have you been?
A bomb is going to go off!
Wake up!
He was sleeping on his shift.
(hiccups, sits) Y'hear that story the gooks is putting chemicals in the grass so's we become 'pacifists' so's we don fight (to no one in particular) Where the hell's everybody, they'se gettin high that's what - bunch of hopheads, they think they special ... (turns away, bored) Don you worry Bunny, youse a killer anyway.
(a worried type) Leave it willya - it's gook shit.
They're scared.
They're scared?
Round up all suspected Vee Cees and shake it up!
You hear me?
(terrified) Out there man - behind the log.
Danger close.
So what's the problem?
You'd be spider chow, kid.
Hang on.
(threatening) Over my dead body.
That's what scares me.
Go to med school.
The spider tanks are shattered.
That was a trapdoor spider's burrow.
They're trying to get away from the giant spiders.
Slow down...
Spiders shed their skins when they grow.
A spider's leg! Careful!
Can't you turn that down?! I'm doing spider research!
(sotto) Spider... Mike... Spider... Wow!
What other spiders did Joshua have?
Outside?
Giant spider invasion.
Watch it!
It's spider repellent.
911 Emergency.
We're being attacked by giant spiders!
What a shock!
911 Emergency.
I'm afraid I must terminate this conversation.
You're going down! Arac attack!
The creek where Joshua gets his spider food.
I was broke!
Spiders!
I blew up the kitchen.
Never before had a panda been so feared... and so loved.
We should hang out.
Viper!
He is in prison.
Yes, and one I feared I would not live to see.
Viper!
You're so much bigger than your action figures -- except for you, Mantis.
You are too concerned with what was and what will be.
We're dead.
I disgust you.
Cut it!
They're dead?
We were no match for his nerve attack.
So you could come back here and strike fear into our hearts.
In the middle of her audition, Nina dances Odette's Variation from Act II of the ballet, a frightened look on her face.
Exactly as the White Swan should be: fear tinged with melancholy.
She looks nervous.
She nods, nervous.
I was worried it'd be too much.
She suddenly hears a RUSTLING sound and a short SNORE.
I'm gonna go.
What, you gonna go home to mommy?
Stop.
An unfamiliar, lonely noise.
Lose yourself.
She breathes a sigh of relief.
David runs towards her and she startles away from him, afraid.
She looks up, sees his creepy MASK, and backs away.
O heavy lightness, serious vanity, Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms, Feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire, sick health, Still-waking sleep, that is not what it is!
I fear, too early, for my mind Some consequence yet hanging in the Shall bitterly begin his fearful With this night's revels, and expire the term Of a despised life closed in my breast, By some vile forfeit of untimely death.
Ay so I fear, The more is my unrest.
Madman!
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
(a real fear) If they do see thee, they will murder thee.
I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes.
That's by me wounded.
What a change is here!
Why do we scream at each other?
The law that threatened death becomes thy friend And turns it to exile.
I have a faint cold fear thrills through my veins That almost freezes up the heat of life.
Fear comes upon me.
O, much I fear some ill unthrifty thing.
For fear of I still will stay with thee.
It's really fucking creepy.
Do you hear it?
Don't talk about it, you're making me nervous.
Okay, ball test.
Is he still in there?
The wind!
Is that- Holy shit is that the camera?! caught me (exhausted) Y- yeah- What happened, are you- Ahhhhh!
...I can fly.
I feel stupid now that I was scared to come back.
But we've- ...Do you hear that?
I'm worried about you.
Stop it.
You're a guard then?
(wincing) Ouch.
You won't need to worry.
I can't have you falling asleep on me.
I've been so busy, and I really gotta go.
You are a guard.
(sitting down, worried) What did I spill now?
(agreeing) I'm afraid you're right.
We plunge it!
We plunge it!
She shook her ta-tas?
Two, they're heavily armed.
You stopped that.
Hey, you let me worry about Jump, okay?
More dangerous.
I'd be scared of him, too.
And it looks like this chase will end here, as police seal off the building...
We're operational.
We stopped him.
Jail?
A bolt of lightning blew up cottonwood tree.
Stop it!
What the hell you doing?
(suddenly indignant) Yeah!
We go out, we find those damn snake things, we make 'em extinct.
I'm dead.
Remember in Yellowstone...? JIM (cont'd) Something's got me!! JIM (cont'd) Oh, God! Get me Out!! GET ME OUT!! sink into the ground !! Stop it!
Stop it!
It's dead!
Vibrations?
Watch yourself!
I think I scared it!
The bombs?
I don't think it does scare them!
Where the hell are they?
(slowly; terrified) I want to live for the three days.
So..Have we shown you how to start a nuclear war yet?
ll heads turn to face him.. JANVRIN (cont'd) I'm afraid it's not good news.
A CNN ANCHOR breaks the news to a worldwide audience.. "I'm afraid we have some bad news to report.." "Diana, Princess of Wales, is dead."
This is going to be massive.
HARLES's eyes burn.
"..that's how she will remain.
Stalking?
A bang.
"And I think it's this strength that causes the confusion and the fear."
I'm afraid he's rather insisting.
The problem will come when you leave, but that's not for you to worry about - and certainly not today.
It's madness!
beat.
Creature?
Your men are right to be afraid.
She is an orphan.
Elizabeth is frightened by the storm.
(frightened) Aren't you?
I'm afraid I rejected his application.
Miss!
There's one from Master Victor! ...and not a day goes by that I do not cherish your faces in my mind's eye or ache to see you all again.
Numbers four and twelve directly into the nervous system?
I'm quite serious.
He was a frightened soul who acted out of fear and ignorance.
We feared cholera.
Is that your diagnosis?
ff..reh..nn..nd.
It'll be dark in a few hours.
I'm terrified for my girl.
And watching.
These have been fired.
You killed her!
You killed her!
We killed her.
He died.
I was watching.
What is that to you? Evil as you are.
(shrugs, suddenly more couth) Physical violence paralyzes him.
I was afraid I'd seize up during cross.
(suddenly exasperated) Oh.
She was worried about you.
I gotta go out.
(nervous) I...I can't.
Oh, God, I'm sorry.
You got scared.
When you're afraid the most, it means you're on the right track.
(scared) I told you, Truman!
(suddenly concerned) Who?
(coming to the defense of her mentor) Truman's had bouts of paranoia before and recovered.
Fear?
You know why they're so nervous.
(his entire body shaking) What...is...my... name?! (clutching the baby to her breast, without thinking) Thank you, Truman.
Have you been concerned, Meryl?
(suddenly angry) Don't lie to me! Tell me what's happening?! (frightened but remaining poised) I thought you knew everything.
What could I tell you? (backing her up against the kitchen bench) You're part of this, aren't you?! Truman, you're scaring me!
No, you're scaring me, Meryl!
(in reply to the voice in her head, half-strangled due to the pressure of the knife) Do something... (wild-eyed) Who are you talking to?! (incredulous) You're the one talking to the walls!
(to a light fixture, threatening) I'll kill her! (sneering at Meryl) Right on time.
(remarking on Truman's clumsiness) Nervous.
He's too still.
(a trace of panic) He didn't drink tonight?
What have we missed?
He'll drown!
Why have we stopped?
It's urgent.
Is he ill?
How did he die?
How did he die?
Good teeth -- Where did you get those scars?
It's madness.
Gladiator.
Same killing.
Are you scared for tomorrow?
Maximus Meridas haunts me.
We should fear for the blackest storm.
She killed herself with a snake!
By those closest to him... (he glances up to Lucilla) ... by his own blood... they whispered in dark corners and went out late at night and conspired and conspired...
And one night he sat down with one of them and he looked at her and he said: "Tell me what you have been doing, busy little bee, or I shall strike down those dearest to you.
That's too bad.
(off his cut) Yeah.
I can wake myself up, too.
You worry too much.
We're hanging in there.
Not a single phone call?
Should I be nervous for Brendan?
Conlon standing and trading with the Russian!
This is a fight!
I was... God, I'm sorry.
I'm worried sick.
You're the victim.
GRAHAM (voice over) Look, if you worry about her, I've got a friend who's a shrink.
GRAHAM (voice over) This is serious, it's a lot more serious than I thought.
She's... She's been under a lot of stress lately... And... Well... Huh... Huh... God...
Sam Rawson's room, please, room 6-12.. HOTEL CLERK (voice over on the phone) I'm sorry, there's been an accident.
The police will be here soon.
Bitch !
I don't want to be scared any more.
I never met anyone so scared of being alone.
I'll kill you !
On the jaw.
You afraid I'm gonna take her on you?
(nervous) It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. LaMotta.
There's nobody else around who wants to fight me; they're all afraid.
I just fight... (interrupting) He fights the toughest guys around that everybody else is afraid to fight... (interrupting) I'm the only guy ever to beat Sugar Ray, and I still don't have a shot at the title.
I'm afraid with all these tough guys here.
Vickie?... Vickie, you asleep?
I know she's doin' somethin', but I can't catch her... Maybe she's afraid you're gonna hit her so she can't talk to you the way she wants to.
Crawl on my hands and knees?
Yeah, except fall down.
It's all forgotten about.
But where's the belt?
I'm lyin' there with a tree across my chest!
What am I gonna do -- hit 'em with the tree?
Stop worrying.
He's a crook!
They escaped!
Awful.
(He hangs up) There you are.
Let yourself go, go, like me! (Afraid to ask) Which one is it?
Sleep-walking?
Worry about the menfolk.
I'd like to read it by myself, but I'm a little anxious.
Waverly?
The Old Man's asleep!
We'll be raided!
You frightened me to death!
You gotta go?
What, is there an accident?
In this case, it does.
We're groping in the dark.
What the hell are you doing?
Deadly.
What are you afraid of, Cris?
(concerned) Why?
He was going to panic and shoot five innocent people.
This is your last warning.
Crashed.
Except you're not.
Keep the pressure on.
You want me to threaten to kill a pregnant woman?
Surrender.
What the rules are.
Wind.
Yet there it is again: a thin, hollow GHOST-TOWN WIND, whistling over his shoulder.
(sheer terror) What-do-you-want?! What-do-you-want-with- me?!
Mackelway eyes it, fighting dread.
Troubled... That's weird.
For what? Interviews.
Dead.
45 victims.
Then he stops himself.
He approaches the shelves, jostling cans from their rows, making more noise than he ought to.
Sirens off.
Two ABILENE COPS get out, approaching the house.
More rain falls outside.
Lightning too.
Then it vanishes again.
Evil itself...
The sounds blend in with the wind, the rain, the drops in that bucket... Evil itself, on the move, gathering might.
It is massive, powerful, dark.
Watching.
Surveilling.
They broke down.
Pain.
Well, then, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to keep it.
Larry, I'm so scared, would you please hold me.
(whispering) Go ahead and be scared, you've been brave enough for one day.
I was panicking for a moment, but I've got my senses back now.
Dead.
How did he die?
We were worried the cops got ya.
He's ruining me!
I can't work for you guys and be worried about gettin back before ten o'clock curfew.
(to Eddie) Vic was worried.
I'm a cop.
I want you to go through the mugs of guys from old Milwaukee with a history of armed robbery, and put a name to that face.
Stop there.
(stopping) You scare me.
I don't want to scare you.
I've missed you.
Stop her!
He rebelled.
He rebelled.
Will you fight?
Full attack!
Dead!
It will be worse than before!
But what does he fight for?
I am so afraid... Give me strength.
You will die!
His head was set on London bridge, where passerby were invited to jeer at the man who had caused so much fear in England.
Stop.
Why should we risk our butts on a job like this?
You wimp.
Two Russian attack subs, a Tango and Victor, have been tracked within fifty miles of here... and now we don't know what the hell they are.
It's a Russian submersible.
He panicked and pranged his regulator.
But what did he see that made him panic?
You're making the women nervous.
You watch yourself.
Missed what?
I gotta tell you, that guy scares me a lot more than whatever's down there.
Oh my God... Oh no... (steps toward Coffey) Please, you can't.
I drown.
Hold me, Bud... I'm so scared... It's Bud.
Can you hear me okay?
You hear me?
If I gotta sleep in a spookhouse, surround me with chicks who are more scared than me.
I been watching you.
Throbbing.
You hear me?
You killed me.
Are you crazy?
Then we need to get out of here.
The spirit lives in the blood.
I'm scared.
Stop! No! Cinnabar, no!!!! Noooooo! (to Patrick and Cinnabar) Get out!!! Go!!!
She's scared.
The family's scared.
We had an intruder.
You're insane.
The panic button is only for emergencies.
This house is haunted.
He said there's a ghost.
And where is this ghost?
... I'm scared of you.
Well then -- I'm afraid I have to eliminate them.
Unless you're scared.
Mom -- stop worrying.
I'm a mom, it's my job to worry.
I have choreographed multi-pronged amphibious landings and stealth air attacks!
What're you so scared of, Freak?
ill eyes him.
Watch.
Final Revision - October, 2003 6.
Final Revision - October, 2003 10, No news of Frodo?
Kill them . . .
(sly) . . .
(urgent) He is here.
PIPPIN (cont'd) The city was burning ... Minas Tirith??? (to PIPPIN) Is that what you saw? (terrified) I saw . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 19.
Final Revision - October, 2003 21.
(worried) Where are we going?
Final Revision - October, 2003 22 (nervous) How far is Minas Tirith?
(rising panic) Merry?
Final Revision - October, 2003 23.
(panicked) Merry!
Final Revision - October, 2003 24.
Final Revision - October, 2003 25.
Final Revision - October, 2003 27.
Final Revision - October, 2003 38, Final Revision - October, 2003 39. (gasping) I can feel his blade!
Final Revision - October, 2003 40.
Final Revision - October, 2003 43.
Final Revision - October, 2003 45.
Final Revision - October, 2003 46.
Final Revision - October, 2003 47.
Pull! Final Revision - October, 2003 48, Mithrandir!
Final Revision - October, 2003 49.
Final Revision - October, 2003 50.
Final Revision - October, 2003 51.
Do not stop the attack until the city is taken.
Final Revision - October, 2003 52, (worried) Where are Theoden's riders?
Final Revision - October, 2003 58.
Go away.
he's poisoned you against me.
Final Revision - October, 2003 59.
Final Revision - October, 2003 61 Final Revision - October, 2003 62 Grimbold, how many?
Final Revision - October, 2003 63.
quiet ..? They grow nervous in the shadow of the mountain . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 65, Well, that's no good.
Final Revision - October, 2003 67.
She will not long survive the evil that now spreads from Mordor.
Final Revision - October, 2003 77, One who will have your allegiance.
Final Revision - October, 2003 78 (desperate) I summon you to fulfil your oath! (raspy yell) None but the King of Gondor may command me!
KING OF THE DEAD (cont'd) (fearful) It cannot be - that line was broken!
Final Revision - October, 2003 79.
Final Revision - October, 2003 80, (shocked) Lord Faramir! . he runs Faramir!
Fear!
Final Revision - October, 2003 81, My son is dead.
DENETHOR (cont'd) (panicked scream) Abandon your posts!
DENETHOR (cont'd) Flee! Flee for your lives!
Final Revision - October, 2003 83.
Final Revision - October, 2003 84 Stay where you are! (rallying) Stand to your posts!
Do not give in to fear.
Final Revision - October, 2003 85.
Final Revision - October, 2003 86.Grond!
Final Revision - October, 2003 87.
(nervous) Smeagol!
FRODO (cont'd) (panicked) Smeagol!
a Final Revision - October, 2003 89.
May it be a light for you in dark places when all other lights go out.
Final Revision - October, 2003 90.
Final Revision - October, 2003 91.
Final Revision - October, 2003 101.
Final Revision - October, 2003 103, (terrified) Whatever happens, stay with me.
(panicked yell) Gandalf!
Final Revision - October, 2003 105.
Final Revision - October, 2003 107.
Final Revision - October, 2003 109.
Final Revision - October, 2003 110, (yelling) Rally to me!
There's knife work here needs doing.
Final Revision - October, 2003 113.
Final Revision - October, 2003 115.
Kill him!
Final Revision - October, 2003 117, (yelling . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 123.
Final Revision - October, 2003 124 Take mine . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 126.
Final Revision - October, 2003 127.
ARAGORN (cont'd) I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me.
Final Revision - October, 2003 128.
Final Revision - October, 2003 129.
I'm naked in the dark.
(rising panic) There's no veil between me and the wheel of fire.
Final Revision - October, 2003 133.
Final Revision - October, 2003 134 I'm here, Sam.
Final Revision - October, 2003 136, Final Revision - October, 2003 137.
Final Revision - October, 2003 140.
Final Revision - October, 2003 141.
Final Revision - October, 2003 144.
Took his family hostage in November.
Dark hair.
Shouldn't you be asleep?
That was an accident!
You hear me?
It's still there.
This woman is a danger.
Go away.
Of murder.
The Alien.
(To MOM and DAD, taking out an envelope) We're investigating obscene phone calls and mail threats to a certain Mrs. Dottie Hinkle.
(Overdramatic, feigning horror) I didn't do it!
The police were at my house this morning.
Oh Mom... (Suddenly his buddy) Can we watch that scene again?
(Horrified) MR.
I'll call you back! (Hangs up) ..Police claim the driver of the hit and run vehicle ran down the teacher in cold blood and then backed up over his body to finish off the job.
(Turning to face DAD, suddenly stoic) It's Ok, Eugene.
(Dramatically) Nightmare on Calverton Court!
(Sneakily handing them miniatures) Here you go.
She scared me.
Watch what you're doing!
(Stammering in fear to But...but...she...Rosemary, I heard her voice!
He's worse than the dentist in "The Marathon Man"! (Poking her head in) Sorry to interrupt, Dr. Sutphin, but there's two police detectives here to see you... (Entering) What is it, officers?
(Suddenly cheerful) I sold the Pee-Wee Herman doll!! (Appalled) Mother!
(Exits into kitchen) She's gone! (Blurting it out) She's gonna kill Scotty!
Hurry, Dad! (Scared for the first time) If Mom's a psycho, Scotty will still be ok, won't he?
(Scared) Dad, I thought it was ok.
I'm worried sick about her! (Gets in car) Hey, Misty!
Did you bring back "Ghost Dad"? (Rooting in her purse and handing CHIP the casette) There you go.
(Belligerently) Why?
Because it's the rules!
What a bitch!
I saw blood!
Not red like in horror movies, but brown!! (Terrified) Is MOM...in there?
(Whispering to BIRDIE, making excuses) Well...they sort of deserved it... (To CHIP) Shhhhh! ...Beverly Sutphin is not a woman!... ...Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm Herbie Hebden and you and I have a tough job ahead of us... ...I have known the Sutphin family for sixteen years... ...Dad, Eugene, is my dentist... ...Chip and Misty played with my own children... ...but I've found out I don't know Beverly Sutphin at all! ... No one really knows Beverly Sutphin... ...You see... (He reads note to humor MOM) ...Beverly Sutphin is INSANE!! (Suddenly defiant) (Trying to make his point) Yes, she committed these terrible crimes... (Pleading) ...but that doesn't make her a bad person.
(Stuttering, panicked) Yes...but...I didn't... (Suddenly, dramatically) Mrs. Ackerman, do you recycle?
(Horrified at the sudden silence in court as everyone stares at her in hostility) No... (Weakly) I don't have room in my kitchen... (To RALPH) Could you sign it: "To a future Serial Mom"? (Signing) Sure.
A normal housewife trapped in a nightmare of circumstantial evidence... (Pointing to MOM) ...That's her! Henrietta Lee Lucas!
(Suddenly nervous) Bring her home...I guess.
Bomb?
He can control his heartbeat, his sweat glands, his blood pressure... Jon, I trust your instincts, I always have.
I can't tell you... except only I can do it.
A tummy tuck.
Shoot me.
Now -- shoot me!
Kill me!
Bend over.
You killed them?
You'll have me fired?
Surgery -- are you okay?
It's an emergency.
What the hell are you doing here?
Tell me... tell me about the all- night dentist.
There was an emergency.
Not as ill as he's going to be... Sorry.
Am I grounded?
A one-armed machinist, Oskar?
It's dangerous, to me, personally.
He's got this whole place to run, he's responsible for everything that goes on here, all these people -- he's got a lot of things to worry about.
And killing.
They don't fear us because we have the power to kill, they fear us because we have the power to kill arbitrarily.
So, we should hang him for it?
More important, he's not worth you making threats against us.
I did adjust the pressure controls.
One of these days the Russians are going to show up unannounced at my gate.
When the Russians arrive.
Yes, I know him, Schaefer, the stud with the glasses, who fancies the nurses... I'm afraid I don't understand that, what do you mean?
Terrified of women, clumsy at sports.
But you're the one who phoned me in a panic, you're going on a vacation.
But I'm afraid he's at Chief of Service rounds right now.
Blood cultures, stool, L.E. preps, chest, E.K.G., all negative.
So they laid on the surgery for eight.
(she takes her drink and crosses to the sofa) That is to say, he suddenly sank to his knees at the back of the room and began to talk fluently in a language which no one had ever heard before.
It was hideous.
I was in there a little while ago, and he was suddenly taken ill, and I thought I'd better get him over here right away.
Now, I'm seeing a ghost.
The ambulance is here.
He's disappeared.
We have an emergency here.
Kill himself?
How I miss you.
It's urgent.
Who killed him?
You bitch!
Nasty.
(shrugs) Good for the Jews.
We Russian Jews were supposed to be headed for Israel but I didn't see much of the country on that first trip.
I was suffering an identity crisis of my own.
The C.I.A. and U.N. were both heavily recruiting Russian immigrants.
It's not "bath of blood".
More illegal.
(from the boat) Cannibal, what's going on?
(panicked) Yuri! VITALY (cant' d) I don't have Dutch.
(anxious whisper into phone) It's Yuri.
The war's over.
What does the gunpowder do?
I can't live in this house.
There's been a war on.
(slightly worried) He'll get us the dope?
The birds, the bees?
(after a beat) What do we do?
It's awful.
I told you a long time ago, nothing happened for you to worry about.
(stands up, facing Smith) Thing is, I do worry.
That would be dangerous.
(to Coley, gesturing at Pete) And he says what's the danger.
Then why are they all so concerned about me?
Am I concerned?
What stopped you?
(angrily) They'd be afraid to see each other's faces.
Me...? Are you afraid, Mr. Hastings?
(awkwardly he puts Macreedy's bill back on the counter) But what's the use talkin'...? (with grudging respect) You don't know what it's like, being scared.
Right this minute I'm scared half to death.
(stonily) Neither am I. Then what are you afraid of?
You're so scared now you'll probably drown in your own sweat.
He's wicked.
It's not shrink-appropriate to be afraid of the dark, you know?
What am I afraid of?
Were you in an accident?
He's dead.
That was out of line.
Wake up.
I burnt down the building where I worked.
Other than me being crazy?
You'll be watched 24/seven, because they're afraid you'll kill yourself.
Go away.
No. No. No... (to self) It's not shrink-appropriate to be afraid of the dark, right?
Go away!
But I'm afraid this is private property -- you can't just waltz on in.
We need to get Miranda back to the institute.
A nightmare.
Nightmare.
You were possessed by her.
You're both in terrible danger.
She's scared too but she can't step back into the light until she finishes what she started here.
Stop it!
One thing about fear is it makes people say the dumbest things.
I'm afraid that TV belongs to the school.
You broke it.
(Hangs up phone)... Come in! (sounding suddenly sedated) Aaaah.
That is a lot of money... Maybe if we close our eyes and pretend he's a chick... (panics) Damn!
Fire.
Fire.
I'm warning you!
Fire.
Where the hell is he?
Where are his pants?
Can I have a gun too?
Dead on.
More guns.
More cases.
He's up to his elbows; wants to shake his hands free.
Phone call.
I ain't here 'cause I'm scared.
A bait.
We decide who the target is, what's the threat assessment, the cost value, over what time table it's gonna take place... Which target do we go after first.
That's out of line.
It ain't gonna settle, it's gonna blow.
Hear me?
And now this handsome face of mine...can't step foot in Washington, for fear of being laughed off the Hill.
I'm afraid for my life.
Armed.
- We're the Light Brigade Horace is a Russian.
Annie is beside herself, drumming the ground with her feet in a fever of fear and pity.
Stop it.
You should have stopped it!
(Beat) I worry for you, Charles.
The sweats the shakes the abdominal pains.
You have an illness.
What is there to be scared of there.
We are all of us fighting a battle against fear and superstition but we can win this battle.
Whatever he suffers from its not good and they are worried about getting infected with it They plunge into a tunnel.
The younger Darwin flees up the stairs.
On the landing, Betty and Horace, wide eyed and terrified are bundled into the nursery by Brodie as Charles thunders up the stair.
The boat is wrecked and sunk now.
Your ghosts?
The unspeakable .
The house is in uproar.
It's that bad.
And we've been punishing each other for it.
I was probably just as scared as everyone else, but inside I never felt better.
How awful.
(beat) Do you?
My voice sounds what...? Well, no, I'm afraid I'm not feeling any better...
(he moves away, suddenly serious) Mary, you want to cut this off, go out and find yourself someone available.
You feeling ill?
I was afraid I'd have an accident last night, from sleepiness... so I decided to pull over...
(a worried tone) Caroline...? Mary still isn't in?
She's as worried as we are.
And that was the last I saw... (a pause, a thought) ...wait a minute, I did see her, an hour or so later, driving... (a pause, then with solemn fear) Ah, I think you'd better come over here to my office.
We have a problem.
It's my problem, too.
(Pressing) You look frightened.
You still with me?
Put your weapon on the tracks and step out with your hands above your head.
What is it with you and bugs?
Watch it there.
I'd be worried if you didn't have them.
This is aggressive.
You're not the only one afraid of Hell.
But you're still here.
She'd scare my mother to death, talking on and on about Revelations and the end of the world.
Can you kill him?
You were in danger.
Then watch yourself.
The abandoned wing.
I will deport you.
But subject you to pain, unpleasantness -- suffering -- and you will take notice, you will fight to overcome, to earn your redemption.
A tanker was attacked and sunk yesterday near the French Polynesians.
(nervous) Think I should ask him?
Big bites.
They've called out the National Guard and riot police are on alert.
(nervous) After the initial attack he just...disappeared.
Cameraman Victor "Animal" Palotti barely survived this vicious attack to provide us with this footage.
What the hell are you doing?
Fire at will. .
I've got exclusive footage of other places this thing has attacked.
(suddenly interested) You do?
To try and avoid a needless panic.
Fire.
emerges!
Watch.
How's our throat today?
(a warning) Zira.... Nonsense.
Security police.
Then I'll defend myself.
The prisoner does.
(pounding gavel) Dr. Zira! Silence that man!
The verdict is in.
Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic?
You do it because you're afraid of me.
You do it from fear! Are you Julius?
To scare off humans?
To scare us, too.
What's the diagnosis, doctor?
(worried) Taylor, please -- Except that he's also the Chief Defender of the Faith.
Like death itself.From the first, I've terrified you, Doctor.
("Stroke!")
(clears his throat) I miss being evil.
Oh! Una, doo-- (laughs as he lowers the golf club to Jerry's head) Boca! (scared) Boca! Looka too! (whispers) We're stealth ninjas.
There's a chicken.
Can you hear me?
Is that stealing?
I promise that this wig will transform you from ugly to irresistible.
(nervous) Haha.
I have to tell you, I was so nervous about tonight.
Nefario! Sorry, gotta go!
What is your emergency?
I'm buried.
I'm in a coffin.
I'm scared.
Slow down.
Were you shot at?
But they shot them!
I've been taken hostage.
We were attacked and now I'm being held for ransom.
You're buried?
To hell with that!
Vibrate.
Government.
Terrorists?
I am terrorist?
You are terrified, so I am terrorist?
Stop!
(afraid to ask) Did he...? Is he...? Yeah.
These threats are real and will be followed through on.
It's worse.
Slow down.
I was so afraid I was going to lose you.
Watch it.
The dogs? Screw the dogs!! Torch it!! (panic) We're on fire!
It's dead.
He gets thawed out, wakes up and scares the shit out of them.
Was it broken into?
We should sleep in shifts.
I'm all better!! Don't leave me here!! I'm getting worried about you.
These bastards got scared and got rid of him.
Now... (edgy, hostile) Why you so damn anxious to let him in here... (slightly trembling) He's so close.
(terror) What we going to...
(to MacReady, threatening) You're going to have to sleep sometime.
Then I'll have to kill you.
Then kill me.
When attacked, your blood will try and survive -- and crawl away from a hot needle say.
Watch them.
You hear that?
Hear what?
Grow fangs on your chest.
Did you kill it?
Is it grounded?
Why should it be grounded?
In the jungle.
20 bucks?
Revolver.
Slow.
Shoot.
Why fight it?
Iris.
That's why they stopped me.
Iris?
Yeah, Iris.
Others I'm afraid aren't so lucky.
Trembling.
Afraid.
Are you crazy?
You hear that?
Down the line.
Avoiding Spooner's eye.
There was a struggle.
Slows.
On the line.
Reacts.
What am I missing?
No, I was asleep.
SUDDENLY ROARS.
Stops him.
This is your stop.
To shake off the feeling.
Watches.
The approaching TRAIN... WHEN SUDDENLY.
At the back of his knee.
Arms.
And drops it in.
He STOPS.
He slows down.
He hears.
He stops.
When he hears.
But we're forgetting the real brains of the operation -- the one who's got its eye on everything...
Horrified.
A storm! Lightning!
It's starting to get scary.
Can we stop?
Beat it!
And here's howling!
Oh, gotta go.
A ball! Ball?
Run! Oh no! Russell, give me your knife!
I'm stopping off.
Not for about twenty minutes I'm afraid, Sir.
Nothing for us to worry about.
I'm sorry, darling.
(growing indignant and increasingly nervous) That's ridiculous.
(calmly) I'm afraid where I go, Hennessy goes.
Blood everywhere?
(With an anxious look across the street) Guy, hadn't we better go inside?
You look worried.
We're talking about a major threat to the EES image.
It says here Noxon's dangerous.
And to the left you can see a panic- stricken little troll.
Who wants to get freaked first?
Shake?
You hear me?
Back to the Freak House, now.
Who's the troll?
But thanks to your Noxon and my genius, tonight I will turn Ricky Coogan into a freak so hideous, it'll be enough to turn your stomach inside out, boil your brain in its own juice, and cause cold sores you thought had healed up to start buggin' you again.
Kill him!
Captain, I'm starting to worry about the hull integrity.
(to Borg) Break off your attack.
(worried) Montana... Target locked!
I'm afraid so.
cybernetic nightmare.
That... can change.
Why are you being so difficult?
I think Mister Worf is suggesting that we go outside for a little stroll... I'm almost afraid to say this, Captain... but I think it's going to work.
Can I shake your hand?
And those doors were made to withstand a nuclear attack.
I'll lay in a heading.
It's been destroyed.
The Borg threat is over.
DeBlois) - FINAL DRAFT - 05/05/14 3. Scared him off with the big talk, didn't ya, Stoick?
Berk is what you need to worry about.
Wooden boat, big ocean.
I can change yours.
You really had me worried there.
But can you fly?
Watch out!
Remember our song, Val? I'll swim and sail on savage seas, with ne'er a fear of drowning.
(catching himself, Sorry.
I'll swim and sail through savage seas, with ne'er a fear of drowning.
But even as a boy, left with nothing, I vowed to rise above the fear of dragons and liberate the people of this world.
A warrior.
I feared you wouldn't make it.
I was so afraid of becoming my dad.
Those who attacked us are relentless and crazy.
But those who stopped them?
I was asleep when you got home, wasn't I?
You were asleep when I got home, yes.
What the hell is going on?! (equally horrified - frightened) I wish I knew.
And what is your verdict?
Was he in a fight?
(afraid - quiet) Where ... am I? You're in the state penitentiary.
He's missing.
I missed you.
(scared shitless) I...
(fear) Is that car following us?
I miss you.
I gotta headache... What's goin' on?
I started gettin' nervous...
We killed him.
You killed him.
(continuing) You scared him...
I scared him?
I was scared.
You're crazy!
Can you hear me?
No wonder you kids are all having nightmares.
Fear is real though, isn't it?
And if nightmares are fear, then doesn't that make them real?! (gets excited) And if the nightmares are real then is reality like a dream?! (cutting her off) Meagan!
The police came and everything.
I wasn't really worried until I saw her picture on TV... then I got really scared.
The police are doing everything they can.
Over to Stormie's.
Stormie?
No telling what those freaks will do to her.
Scare him?
Then you kill him with this...
He killed me, too.
(laughs; nervous) Stupid?
They killed him.
It's a never ending cycle of terror up here at Crystal Lake -- a real problem.
I'm afraid the cafeteria is closed.
I'm afraid it's not that simple...
It's kill him!
Shut it off... it suddenly occurs to me that I hadn't really planned for that contingency.
Do you hear me?
You should be worrying about your- self...
Your mother's been worried sick, Meagan.
I'm still asleep!
Oh I'm so scared, honey.
Oh, Meagan... you're sick.
So that's where they're hiding.
In my left corner, weighing in at only ninety seven pounds... the nightmare master himself!
(whispering) You missed mommie... worried when I didn't come down... my baby... so sweet.
(shaking) Maurice, can we go into the dining room?
This is a ghost town.
Are you firing me?
He can crawl on his hands and knees to China if that's what he wants to do.
You can change.
Let the poor thing go quietly.
Why so evasive?
The ball was pitched -- Isaac hit the ball hard.
Which hospital?
How serious is it?
Can it kill me?
(scared) I suppose I over did it.
We operate.
The walk is over Uncle Maurice.
Actually, I'm not worried about my career right now... I'm more worried about how you're getting me out of here?
The police are here.
I'm simply saying that if I was scratching, and if I did scratch, it's not because I was signaling the cop, it's because I'm fuckin' scared shitless.
A GHOST!!! Shit, I started to get worried.
Cops.
Sorry, I need everybody.
She's dead?
How'd she die?
(in a baby talk voice) Aww-w, whatsa matter, is the little baby too afraid to go into the big scary bar?
I'm lookin' scared?
Scarred for life, that's how I am!
And when I do, I'm going to be dangerous.
But if we're gonna go at 'em, we gotta go at 'em now.
I didn't say weird, I said scary.
I'm scared... Why?
Why are you scared, honey?
Did you hear that?
Hatred and fear are part of the same pathology - oh, but I forgot, you don't think they're crazy.
Are they dead?
16c, are afraid of your parents?
Working through our fears, conquering them, is how we get better.
So I want you to tell me... What scares you?
I'll tell you what scares me if you tell me what scares you.
I've been afraid of hornets ever since.
Everybody has fears.
How did he die?
It was an accident.
He was scared.
He came out of that room with her, Mike, and he was scared.
He said she threatened him.
There were no calls from your house.
To kill her.
Hell.
Damnation.
Whatever you're afraid of.
I, ummm... You're scared.
I'm scared... Emily?
Kill her?
Do you hear me?!
I hear you.
I'm Burke.
(nervous) How about 'big weird thing'?
Hear me out...
(to Burke) What about you?
And it'll be the best thing in the world for you to face this fear and beat it.
(soothing) Poor thing.
The 'maze'?
You gotta go with its energy.
The aliens paralyzed the colonists, carried them over there, cocooned them to be hosts for more of those... Which would mean lots of those parasites, right?
Burke!
You've been doing your homework.
Emergency venting.
I'm afraid so.
Mommy...mommmyyyyy... Mommy...I mean, Ripley...I'm scared.
He's dead.
Burke!
Emergency.
I'm sorry if I gave you a scare but that platform was just becoming too unstable...
Are we going to sleep now?
The pane weighs 200 pounds, the building's 1100 feet high.
And you're off to...? Oh, that's highly personal.
Do you hear me?
And change.
That's entrapment.
Baker, this is an extremely dangerous g... ...right now, you're more dangerous than he is.
That we are stealing.
I thought of knocking on your door... Oh, I wish you had.
For a confession.
You're a cop.
What's unhealthy.
I thought I was in charge of this operat... You're in charge of ego and worrying.
Is still.
Missing.
Is still in there.
You're a cop.
Tho I'm afraid your Colonel may be in for a career disappointment.
Entrapment.
Is what robbers.
I want her ass covered, 24 hour protection, but I don't want her to know there is any real danger.
Discourage it.
I thought this was down... Are you nervous?
He's in jail!
We've got a scared witness and a suspect who proved "good will" by turning himself in.
We'll see the house another time, okay? (trying to recover) No! No! I'm sorry.
Where the hell have you been?
(frightened) What do you want?
You put me life in danger.
What did you watch?
Shooting.
Shooting?
What...? (frightened) What?! Hello?
She's outside.
It's pitch dark in here!
Hi? -_ Oh -- You scared me, Mr. Faber.
(beat) I'm sure this will amuse you; I'm scared of the dark.
We broke up.
Tell me about acting -- what are you doing tomorrow -- where do you go? (manages, barely) I go on rounds.
You said that just to keep me scared.
(pause) You were scared.
Arlyn Page, that scared you.
(beat) And usually they're nervous and that's all right, too, because you're not; you know this thing.
He killed himself?
No, you're frightened, you're pretending.
Some weekend tramp accidentally goes swimming too far, she's a little drunk, a fishing boat comes along -- Remember when Fred Ganz went scalloping in his BVD's?
That's disgusting!
A shark's attack is stimulated by the kind of splashing and activity that occurs whenever humans go swimming -- you can't avoid it!
Now hear this.
Nowadays, these kids are afraid to go out without depth finders, radar, radio, electric toothbrush, every stupid thing... (to Brody) Get a fresh barrel.
Watch your hands -- (suddenly to Brody) Grab onto this! (to Hooper) A marlin, or a stingray.
(suddenly, pointing) Over there!
Stop.
That was when I was most frightened of all -- while I was waitin' for my turn.
Watch for him!
You can hear it.
It's this abandoned place outside of town.
It's isolated.
It really means they're nervous, and people get nervous for all sorts of reasons.
Kill him.
LEONARD (cont'd) The police report mentioned the drugs found in the car outside my house.
He's a cop.
A cop?
(anxious)							 * What do you want?
(sudden fear) Wait! Did he tell you what I was bringing?
* I should kill you.
Is it me, or are you this nervous around all women?
Are you so superstitious?
To call a person superstitious is to imply they fear magic, but not all magic is black.
If I run in fear, it is worthless.
Why did you move the body, Doctor?
Can you show where the body lay?
Having trouble sleeping?
Are you saying I should be frightened?
There is a danger that our crops will rot.
I hear him.
Do you hear?
Do you hear?!
The next moment, I found my infant son was dead, with the blood welt on his breast.
Spiders.
I was getting worried.
I cut my hand this morning: I sewed it myself, but I am afraid it will go bad.
How did you hear this?
He killed her...
Stop this!
The next person to lay hands on me will have a bullet.
(of the wind) He rides tonight.
Nervous?
...Apprehensive.
Oh, here we go again.
This was the third such attack in the past month and while an extensive police operation is underway... no arrests have yet been made.
What if they're dangerous?
So I'm afraid... Well don't be, I got plenty more where this one came from.
You dropped this.
But he broke me of that.
Broke you?
(suddenly serious) You shouldn't let him do that to you... Do what?
I'm scared.
I don't want him in here... (beat) Do it Adele... Now! What's your name, boy? (very scared) Walter Livesy.
Where you from Walter? (nervous shake) Vernon, Florida.
This ain't going to give me nightmares, is it?
There ain't nothin' for you to be afraid of.
That frightens me.
I'm afraid she's right.
Stop it.
I was dead asleep.
What is your suspicion?
We all fear death and question our place in the universe.
A minor one but that accounts for the anxiety of my dream.
Last night I dreamed I ran out of zithromax - and then I went to the dentist and there was no novacaine - these people have no antibiotics - 70 70 What are you talking about?
Sorry, didn't mean to scare ya.
The only thing that scares me, Mister O'Connell, are your manners.
And did I panic?
Slow down!
Ya scared the bejeezus out of us, O'Connell.
I've had worse.
Egypt is in my blood.
There is a curse upon this chest.
Yes, they never used it because they feared it so.
For you have unleashed the creature that we have feared for more than four thousand years.
Is that my problem?
He's afraid of cats, what's that about?
Imhotep will fear them until he is fully regenerated, and then he will fear nothing.
By killing everybody who opened that chest and sucking us dry!
Who opened that chest?
Immune from what?
Kill them.
Is it dangerous?
Stop it!
You'll kill them!
Those slimy things, in your stomach?
Go away.
I'm afraid the biopsy showed it's cancerous.
It appears to have spread... to the large hilar lymph nodes in your chest and liver.
Oh God, I worry so much about-- Oh here we are... What have you got in there?
The CIA? No. KGB? (Oliver shakes his head, no) SLA? (no) PTA? (no) BMW?
You're worried you can't trust me because you don't know who I am.
Oh, my stomach.
That's why I worry about you.
I heard that if a man hasn't had sex with another man, he's always afraid of gay men.
You know, they're a threat.
I didn't want you to feel threatened, I don't want to have sex with you.
He's that bad?
Killing myself.
Now I have to kill you.
I was nervous, and excited.
I was afraid it would look funny.
Chest... Chest?
(eating) Hmmm.
Revenge.
(whispering) Shit! (loudly, panicked) Uh yeah... hold on, mom.
I see we're still dressing in the dark, Eugene.
Plague!
You lay a finger on her and I'll kill you.
Are you crazy?
...and attacked the Ellingson's computer network.
Hackers are a grave threat to the national security.
Beat that!
You hear what I'm doing?
(beat) What?
Do you have change?
Wake up!
(panicking) Jesus Christ! (slapping his face) Don't do this to me.
(furious) Oh, God, Basquiat, you scared the shit out of me.
I missed you.
I gotta go pee.
Poor thing has a little dick.
I gotta go.
(nervous laugh) I hate this.
That I got sick of.
And when they messed with him he couldn't fight back, 'cause he was just... like scared.
Need a new ball.
The Titan of Terror!
Some people say they all got away, and were just so scared that they ended up in insane asylums and stuff.
Oh my God! He's drowning!
He's gonna go, Benny.
He's... gonna... go... riiiight... now.
Yeah-yeah, it's an omen.
That's what the omen was.
Most people either never take the chance 'cause they're too scared, or they don't recognize it when it spits on their shoes.
You afraid we're gonna steal it?
I'm not gonna let him kill you in my house.
(noticing Zeus) My poor baby! (to Theo) You see what you did? (he picks up the ball) Take your ball and get out.
You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie.
(the place grows silent) My dentist told me this one the other day: How many bowlers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Guard it.
(in deadly serious) Theo, I want you to get out of this town.
I'm afraid I only have five on me.
It wouldn't bother you if Buzz was in danger, would it?
What are you afraid of?
I'm afraid you'll hurt him.
Hello there, stranger.
I still am.
(he looks at Deirdre, and suddenly he's deadly earnest) What did we steal?
Now, what did we steal?
(in Russian, English subtitles) Is it done?
What you should do is wait for my next phone call.
I quite liked you, I'm sorry to have to do this.
It means I was worried that all the time you spent away from the fold might have affected you.
The Russian would be easier.
I do dark ops.
Dark ops? Dark operations.
(suddenly sharp) Enough!
Why, I'm here to see my partners, Gregor, the boys in the Russian Mafia.
A hunter.
Sinful.
What about the a case?
It's endangered.
It is... Suddenly, there's movement in the bushes.
JACK is in dark glasses.
Now she's anxious.
There's no need to worry.
He swings the wheel suddenly to avoid a large boulder and the Citroen pitches as if struck by a wave.
There are vipers!
Watch.
Prison?
(a little afraid) You better take me home, now.
(chagrined at her fear) Where you been keeping yourself?
Slept out by the car.
(he is playing it cool, knowing she is scared.
Four of them and over here the desks and what have you... Why, Clyde... Hmmm??
(to the guard, who has practically frozen in fear) Next time I'll aim a little lower.
And suddenly I was starin' into the face of death!
Slow down.
(in a panic) Step on it, Velma, step on it!
(amazed and a little frightened) Jesus, I don't know...There!
You're hurting me, I was just scared is all...and my mama's been on my mind, and she's gettin' so old... Boy, don't ever leave without sayin' somethin'.
You really scared me, Bonnie.
...you know, Clyde, I read about y'all in the papers and I'm jes' scared.
Half his head blown off.
(in the headlights) ...light hurts so bad... (clinging) Please, please get us to a doctor!
We'll die here.
He's dying!
(nervously) What?
I don't see what's so bad about it... (quietly, but suddenly, his voice muffled by the handkerchief) Blanche Barrow.
Buck said we was just goin' to visit, we wouldn't be doin' no robbin' and stealin', and then we went to Joplin and all of a sudden they started shootin'.
(hysteria begins to creep into her voice as she relives it all) And we run off, God, I was scared.
(we can see his own fear) ...the law.
(suddenly) Bonnie?
The only thing worse than a visit to the dentist is one to the censor.
My only worry is that playing Norman might cut too close to home.
Until Alma finishes the revisions.
Hello, stranger.
Where have you been hiding yourself?
Are you going to get that?
What's the verdict?
Spoken like a spook..you ever afraid?
(nervous, she's heard Billy too) What race are we talking about?
I'm not going to miss it.. Chimera attacking human blood.. ETHAN (cont'd) Bellerophon attacking Chimera.. Ambrose obviously got these from Nekhorvich on the plane.
Alert.
Just..trying to keep you from getting hurt, that's all.
All we've got to worry about is Ambrose.
Risky.
The blood's loaded with Chimera.
Slow down!
You should have killed me.
By fire.
(worried) So what did he say?
(lights a smoke) That's scary shit.
Socialize.
What are you -- Watch out!
Stop.
Well, it's just that the cavalry used to always threaten the Lakota.
It is his blood -- the same blood that spilled on the grass and snow at Wounded Knee -- that runs through your heart like a buffalo.
You have a fever.
This -- (shows a scar) was Sioux Falls.
What the hell were you doing out there?
(half asleep) Come on here, Suga... UNCLE ELROY (cont'd) I like it rough now.
It's me! Wake up! (half asleep) Ohhh, baby!
Are they still out there?
(hitting it good) Sorry, dude.
Watch this.
You're scaring our company.
You hear me?
I hope you don't think I'm crazy, but I just had to come in here and show you I ain't scared of yo' punk ass brothers...and you wouldn't have be scared of 'em neither if you had a man like me in yo' life.
You so nervous, I already locked this door.
Hear what?
Go to the body!
He's got seventy hostages.
It will involve a high degree of risk.
But if we succeed Carlos won't be a threat to anyone anymore.
What did Darth Vader say to Luke? Come over to the dark side?
But you don't... because you're afraid it would cost you what... your wife, your family, your self respect maybe... ...You know what Carlos would do if he was married?
(scared) What the fuck are you doin'?
The waiting is more dangerous to you than going to Libya.
It will hit you all of a sudden and you'll think your heart's going to jump out of your chest, you'll think everyone around you can hear your heart beating, and that everyone around you is an enemy agent.
He got off the plane, went to his hotel, went up to his room and had a nervous breakdown.
I want you to know that so when it hits you, you don't panic, you feel the fear and then get rid of it.
You won't be able to go in with a gun... too risky... so we're going to have to get one to you once you're in place.
Why should they it was their operation.
It would have been too dangerous.
We have word he's planning another attack in Europe.
Kill him.
I couldn't bear the thought of you and the children being in that danger.
as they transform and attack the crows nest.
She likes him but doesn't want to go too far) I was afraid you'd be trapped outside the city walls.
Crawl, slave!
I fear the wounds are... (he can't finish what he's going to say) AND OTHER AUTOBOTS as they react.
Beat it!
We should rule.
He attacks Blitzwing.
I'm more worried about where it's going!
And it's attack... Jazz! Cliffjumper!
Suddenly it is pulled deep into Unicron.
And what are we going to do when we get there?
Yeah, how'd you beat them?
Suddenly, Galvatron's body begins to twist, and he writhes in pain.
Watch.
Suddenly, the Sharkticons transform to their vicious mode and lunge at them.
Stalk him.
The Quintessons start to flee, but it's clear that the Sharkticons, who climb over the stacked bodies of other Sharkticons, are going to catch them.
But what about our problems.
Amigos, buddies and side kicks, Breep drit, aw rootie!
I now possess that which you most fear.
Transforms to Cannon and fires up at... ... A bright panel on Unicron's chest... Patented enamel resists fire, rain and corrosion.
Is suddenly struck by a ray from Unicron's eye, and half of it is knocked off.
It is strange that we should find ourselves as allies... Suddenly, his body is violently twisted, and his arms are almost broken off.
Gasps.
It looks too dangerous.
Why have we stopped?
of... of debaucheries, it's her.
It's the usual anxiety.
Was she drowned?
Whose boat is that?
Did you hear that?
We were beginning to get worried about you, too.
Disappeared?
She was a little nervous... dark-haired ... with a kerchief around her head?
What movement, what disorder!
And why did you drop them?
Patrizia, I'm afraid.
More or less, we are all afraid.
I'm afraid that Anna has come back.
I'm a dangerous man.
Who the hell is that?
Who died?
Watch.
What?? Where'd you hear that?
The Praying Mantis school, in Bejing?
We're slowing down.
What the hell is that?
But it's too bad!
I wanted to help him, to share with him, but he was too afraid of change.
Don't let it frighten you.
Here, now go away.
I'm afraid they cleaned you out.
I'll owe you.
Will she die?
Never been so scared in my life.
Strangers.
And how are we threatening your miracle?
Some see that as a lifetime of drowning, of fear, others only to endure, but to triumph.
I was afraid.
I'm going on the streets tomorrow.
That's robbery!
Where the hell you been?
This was one of the worst one's we had and Bryant was worried.
Police.
You scared me.
Is that why you're still here?
Are you apprehensive?
That's okay, I'll get it... Do I make you nervous?
Excuse my niece there... She's studying for an exam.
Drop it!
Painful to live in fear, isn't it.
But that's how it is to be a slave.
We were worried to death.
Well, you don't have to worry about getting it wrinkled.
Dead.
Death.
I'm afraid that's a little out of my...
But I'm afraid you're a Ferrari.
Defense!
What are we missing?
I know it all seems crazy, and maybe it did start out, you know, for the... for the sex and the danger.
I warned him.
You should stop her.
It's a travesty.
A travesty.
I'm... I'm shocked!
Whom should we "interrogate?"
This one would be really scary.
Don ' t worry.
.. don ' t worry. . .
Take as much room as you want I'm scared, Mr. M.
You here about the accident?
I'm a lawyer.
He beat her?
I'm on my way to work...I'm waving at them now...What's that noise?
I'm afraid this meat is overdone.
Rats!
I was in a panic.
(voice over) He surmised that there was a nest of baby black widow spiders in the mattress.
Klara was wild-eyed with fear, and her fear was contagious.
There was a lawyer there.
It was an accident.
(nervous) Oh.
He's a lawyer.
He's our lawyer.
He's your lawyer too.
My lawyer?
The lawyer.
He looked frightened.
Why would he be frightened?
Then suddenly Sean shrieked... Mommy! (voice over, from the court chamber) What happened then?
There was nothing for me to say to Billy, except I'm sorry.
It does concern me.
Until the accident?
She was okay, but it really scared Sean, because he watched it out the window.
I was scared.
Why were you scared?
Why were you scared?
I was scared.
I was scared.
And crashed.
Torture.
Revenge.
Giants.
Monsters.
Escapes.
(manages a shrug) It doesn't sound too bad.
I fear I'll never see you again.
His ship was attacked by the Dread Pirate Roberts, who never left captives alive.
She was frightened.
But I'm afraid you'll just have to wait.
Frankly, I think the odds are slightly in your favor at hand fighting.
(his arms never leave Fezzik's throat) Why is that, do you think?
Well ... (And now his voice is definitely growing weaker) ... you see, you use different moves when you're fighting half a dozen people than when you only have to be worried about one.
I'm afraid so -- I can't compete with you physically.
To the death?
(very nervous) You're just stalling now.
Disappeared.
(She wasn't and she shakes her head "no") You?
The man I inherited it from was not the real Dread Pirate Roberts, either.
You see, no one would surrender to the Dread Pirate Westley.
I mean, what are the three terrors of the Fire Swamp?
I'm swamped.
As Chief Enforcer of all Florin, I trust you with this secret: killers from Guilder are infiltrating the Thieves' Forest and plan to murder my bride on our wedding night.
(shaking his head) No! I'm okay.
(turning to Inigo and Fezzik) He's afraid.
I killed him myself.
(never more serene) Then why is there fear behind your eyes?
Second warning.
Who's missing?
Be leery out there.
I'm a raven.
Stop yelling at me! I'm sorry I had to do that, but you're panicking.
Why's he bleeding?
Stop.
Is that a threat?
It's a warning.
Lazy-Eye?
The fugitive!
Stop him!
Where's the scout she knifed?
Lazy-eye!
So unhealthy.
This hospital is a nightmare.
I've never been so scared in my life.
I've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people, but this year I've decided to do it.
Cause I'm gonna go.
I was fearless!
So, I took to the house.
(frightened) Yeah?
She missed out.
This place is creepy.
Hide what?
But we're soulmates.
I was just worried about you.
It's a shock.
Well, this crazy uncle, he grabs ahold of me, he starts shaking me by the lapels.
(his eyes glued to the screen) A bunch of grown men ... I got these pictures off my dentist.
(turning back to her wash) What are they going to do, get a little drunk?
The CPA exams.
Are you afraid of me? (getting a little shrill) What's the matter?
Yeah, I don't blame you, I'd be scared too like this.
Beat it.
Is that what he was yelling about?
Remember, you woke her up in the middle of the night and probably scared her to death.
It's just that I'm afraid I won't make a good husband.
Tell her you're scared, and that you don't think you'll make a good husband.
For every day the building goes unfinished, we'll take a finger... Pray, Mr. Clifford, you finish before the eleventh day... ay appears in the doorway, sweat cascading from his brow.
Sleep it off, whydontcha?
I was out of line.
Used to play at being a spider when I was a kid, creeping around silently.
I'm afraid I'm gonna need that payment up front.
You've done your homework.
He threatened to kill me if I told anyone... he court is on the verge of erupting into anarchy.
What the hell.
You hear that?
It was...it was an accident... Fakes, I'm afraid.
It was an accident... 03/22/2004 72.
Forensics finds the head trauma that killed Chad Borman was inflicted by a single blow from behind.
The crash.
She's gonna blow it... 03/22/2004 76.
He's dead.
You're trembling.
Slow down!
Just then, they approach the final threshold, a SENTRY guards an office marked: Olbricht stops, regarding the door with dread.
A great many of them may hate Hitler, but they all fear him - they fear Himmler, Goebbels, the whole of the Reich.
What's changed?
I'm afraid it's the only way.
Fear.
Anxiety.
None of my associates know we've been talking if that's what you're afraid of.
I warn you.
(suddenly nervous) Hold the line.
Beat.
What about his risk?
He did his part and now you're abandoning him.
What does he have to lose?
They are joined by Beck, coming the other way, wearing a plain dark suit.
Stauffenberg can see the private fear in beck's eyes.
The men in the room share nervous glances.
Dismissed.
You are right to be nervous.
BANG.
You're under arrest.
The last note goes on as if it might play forever... Until suddenly it dips and we realize we are no longer hearing music at all, but the urgent wailing of an air-raid siren - the warning of allied bombers coming to deliver their nightly assault on Berlin.
Watch.
I'm terribly sorry guys...It's just that he was terribly frightened.
You'll scare Teresa if you try to sneak in.
What the hell is this.
That kid was scared.
(avoiding the issue) 'But I say to you, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who persecute...' I'll tell you who you can pray for... Next payday, I'll be at Tony's Place...Johnny better show or I find him and break his legs...and I mean it.
What are you...crazy?
Hey...don't do that...I'm only scaring them.
Watch this.
Killed himself.
I know it's early yet but I'm just getting worried that's all... Charlie...I've got to see you.
Your cousin here was getting sick, worrying about you.
You threaten me with my uncle?
Nervous?
I'll fix you up, call you a doc, but I ain't gonna walk into a bunch of knives for ya.
(suddenly afraid again) What do we do?
You gonna have a go here?
Aw come on, it was the only thing to do.
I shoulda let ya go and gotten yourself arrested for passin' false notes.
If I'da been half as scared a that lop-ear, I wouldn't a fallen asleep on 'em.
(pointing through the door) You manage the building at the end of the alley?
(nervous as hell) Names's Joe Eirie.
He threatened to kill me.
(sliding out of his booth and into Lonnegan's) I was afraid you weren't gonna come.
(worried) That's not where we want him to sit.
We risk our whole operation for nothing.
You hear that!
You hear that!
What the hell for?
Just a little nervous, that's all.
(in utter horror) On the nose!
You hear me?
It's too dangerous for him.
You're such a retard!
It was awful.
Wake up!
A monster.
Awww, you need a change, don't you honey?
Whoa! Didn't mean to scare you, Evan.
Oh, comme si, comme ca, you know... No, Evan.
Shoot.
You're bleeding!
Lay off the blow.
Why would that freak me out?
(panicked) Did you see who did this?
Frat house?
Marks, scars, I dunno.
Stop it.
You can drop it now.
Stop!
Stop him.
Stop him.
What the hell is that?
They say they're under attack.
I'm Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise.Doctor Tolian Who attacked you, Doctor?
I thought you've always been afraid it would overload your neural net.
Doctor... we're still conducting an investigation into the attack.
I'm afraid I can't just leave it at that.
Will that be a danger to him?
I'm afraid the Doctor is no longer aboard our ship.
(suddenly enthusiastic) Yes!
He's failed.
And frankly, I think the galaxy owes me one (beat) I was like you once... so worried about duty and obligations that I couldn't see anything past this uniform.
We'd crush you.
We were afraid you wouldn't come.
After that I was helpless.
Why did that stop?
There are worse things than blood tests.
God, who dreams up these nightmares?
Keep the pressure on!
Hang on!
Shake out the liquid.
We're too steep!
Why? That's not -- Where is it?! Uh, it's close... Damn it, how close?! (shaken) I-I don't know.
The hell I do.
I was afraid I was just suffering from a form of asphyxia.
That noise from the Face... It's not a signature.
How close do we need to get?
(stunned) What?
And they can fly.
It was an accident.
I gotta go!
I GOTTA GO!
Oh, there we go!
We don't need to fight them, we need to scare them.
You young'uns worry about weapons, I'm thinkin' 'bout strategy.
There's a small room off the kitchen where I can lay down.
Um-hmmm.
"Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway."
I am sorry, I ramble when I'm nervous.
It stopped.
Stop!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it!
They have a bomb shelter.
Stop!
Hawk?
(panicked) Gone!?
Change?
Weird... Peeeyeewww!
You disgust me!
I'm afraid our constipated little friend is right this time, Trip.
(with trepidation) Yeah.
Not one among them appears to possess the love and fear of God...
Beth, I am not letting you wander the streets of Detroit after dark.
We need to be getting back on the road.
But I'll be here for a while if you scare up the extra gravy.
Hawk.
You're up, Hawk.
So my suggestion is, think about why you're a C and let your body party, shake your groove thing, boogie oogie oogie till you just can't boogie no more.
I have a confession.
I've just always been too scared to show it.
If you was a guy, we woulda thought nothin' of sawing your head off with a butter knife.
Obviously no one you have to worry about... Woody.
You had me worried to death!
Initiating exam of a wooden crate.
You've got a lot of people worried, Frank.
"I fear the Greeks even when they bring gifts."
Gotta go.
We will cover him while he neutralizes the' chemical threat.
Stop.
Cottonmouth snakes.
The morgue?
(beat) We are at war with terror.
Listen, the train just got in, I'm afraid I'm going to be a few minutes late.
What's, what's the problem?
Can you hear me?
The grave.
A big problem... Oh, yeah?
Please, please, trust me.
Is there a problem?
I'll kill her myself.
Did you hear me?
Did you lose him?
I have a problem.
You were very nervous.
(alarmed) Where is he?
This is the Government.
U.S. Gummint offers this house to any Cuban pilot flying Migs for the Rebels who chooses to defect to America with a Russian jet.
We know they ain't gonna run off with no planes -- but the Rebs don't -- They're scared.
I talk in my sleep?
No, no... the arms shipment has been delayed in New Orleans because Jimmy is getting nervous.
(moves the camera slightly) We got the smoke.
It's a little dangerous looking for Jazy at the moment.
(mock heroic) Ah, danger -- I love it.
I'm going to blow his head off.
Russell... it's more dangerous being with you than being alone.
Is the war over?
Stop it.
I didn't mean to scare you.
(concerned) No, you're scared of me.
That's the day I realized that there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid.
(suddenly) Oh my God.
Killed him.
What? (nervous) I've been too embarrassed to bring her over.
You are so busted.
--disinvesting problems of their power, and removing their ability to make us afraid.
(suddenly) I've gotta go to the bathroom.
The only thing that really worried me was the ether.
He's a foreigner.
Are you prejudiced?
There is no way of explaining the terror I felt.
But when I mentioned Savage Henry he freaked!
You scared the shit out of those people!
Sorry, full house.
Where's the ether?
A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth but, nobody should be asked to handle this trip.
I think I'm getting The Fear.
That's what gives me The Fear.
You're doomed.
(laughs) Why worry?
The cops?
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.
BEWARE.
Naw! They'll climb right into your bedroom and sit on your chest with big Bowie knives.
He's one of these Satanism freaks.
I didn't dare turn the creep down.
These were not the hoof prints of your normal god-fearing junkie.
Her eyes were turgid with fear, but her brain was functioning on some basic motor survival level.
We had abused every rule that Vegas lived by -- burning the locals, abusing the tourists, terrifying the help.
I'm gonna go wait in the car.
Is it an accident?
Did you hear me!
Stop it!
Did you hear me?
He was in the war?
Freak... Hey, what's up?
You fall asleep down there?
I saw something on Sam's wrist the other night... it looked like a scar.
Are you scared?
When he died.
If I had kids, I'd be worried sick about `em in a world like this.
I was worried.
Well, don't jump down my throat.
For a while I was a professional circus freak.
But from my new vantage point I realize that love is nothing more than a messy conglomeration of need, desperation, fear of death, insecurity about penis size, and the self-involved, ego driven need to collect other people's hearts.
N'est- ce pa? (sighing, running her fingers along his chest) I love chest hair on a man.
(slow.
(choked) Gotta go.
We still have you and I.
(panicking) We need a flag.
Why the hoods?
They will push forward and keep on attacking...
The civil war began on April 12. 1861 when the rebs attacked Fort Sumter.
And most of them die.
If you do this, they will kill you.
I will stop them.
(subtitles) I would be afraid to die in battle.
The poor thing's just scared.
Jack! Did I scare you Miss Bryant?
Anyway wouldn't your mom worry about you?
Massive internal trauma.
Wake up.
It's just shock.
I'm afraid the viewing isn't until-- I'd need to see her now.
For your coffin.
Am I a ghost?
I'm scared.
I'm so scared.
Why do we die?
You're frightened by it.
I was scared too the first time.
I'd wake up.
Then wake again.
Yes you do! You're just too scared to admit it to yourself.
I was scared.
You get hurt.
You all say you're scared of death.
But the truth is you're more scared of life.
What do you mean? (suddenly worried) Uh... I'm not supposed to talk about it.
Wyborne! (under his breath, nervous) Grandma!
Uh, it's poison oak.
But then we had the accident.
Mom?! What are you doing here in the middle of the night?
Oh, the mud... It's gone, my poison oak, it's gone!... Huh?
Oh... Caroline, Caroline, Caroline; you are in terrible danger.
See? Danger!
(to herself) Danger?
None of the ghosts can.
Huhhhhhh... So, uh, I really need to get that doll?
And, and the eyes of the ghost children.
Where are they - the ghost eyes?
You're in terrible danger, girl!
DAVID shakes hands with LOREN and RACHEL Loren.
(GROANS) You fucking scared me Don't I always say call me first if you're coming into town?
It's a nightmare.
One of Sissy's sleeves rolls down to her elbow, as she casually puts her hand under her chin, charmingly tilting her head - revealing a cross stitch of scars, the trail of self harm laced up her arm.
You miss them?
(LAUGHS) are you nervous?
Why would I be nervous?
You look a little nervous.
Tries again- This is Sissy..leave a me- BRANDON is running now, heart beating fast now, breath quickening, a seeping panic threatening to unleash- Shit! SUDDENLY he makes a dash for it, weaving through the sidewalk at pace.
He is already pulling out his keys and pushing them into the door with growing dread- The sound of running water from the bathroom.
BRANDON, eyes falling on the scars covering her arms.
He reaches out a hand, on the edge of touching them, letting his fingers hover over them until finally- A FINGER lightly outlines a snaking scar seeping up her arm.
As he instinctively looks up to respond, a mixture of surprise, fear, excitement and doubt across his face.
I was watching.
Fear keeps us alive Eep.
Yes! Her last moments of terror still frozen on her face.
Fire.
You're grounded.
Watch, okay.
It was dangerous.
You want to see dangerous?
Stop!
Hah! It's scared of the dark... wait... we're scared of the dark.
Drop it.
That thing is weird.
But, while everyone was asleep, she went out anyway.
And die.
Eep, looks dangerous.
I'm freaking out a little bit.
Is that a snake?
It's my job to worry.
It's too risky.
Dad, I'm scared.
Dad! Grug! Ahhh! Where's the danger?
Stop!
I warned him.
You warned him.
You are under arrest.
It is poison, isn't it?!
What is it, Edgar?! (turns to her) Get your big butt back in that house!
What kind of "new arrival" would scare Redgick so bad that he'd risk a warp jump with a newborn?
Puts some fear into her.
I started with the lesser curvature of the stomach -- though, if you want, we could begin at the gastro-esophageal junction.
(freaked out) No... Excuse me.
Far -- freaking -- out.
(as if awakening) Uh, hi, whoever you guys are, I'm afraid I'm going to need to see some ID if you're going to be in the morgue, okay?
You get a series four de-atomizer and I get a "Noisy Cricket?!" (looks at the gun) I'm afraid I'm going to break it.
You sorry little ingrates!
Stop it.
Well, back to work.
What are you, afraid of me?
Kay, you're scaring your partner.
I think it's asleep but it's been there for days.
I think it's asleep but it's been there for days.
On the ground!
You send anyone near this building and I'll kill the first person I lay my hands on.
The police!
It's dangerous.
[Why are you such a pessimist?]
Because we'll need them as hostages when we get on the plane.]
[Are you afraid I'll tell these people that this is only a day job for you?] [What?
[The police!
In many countries scars on the face are a symbol of heroism.
I'll kill you.
I'm watching.
He'd swallowed his own tongue... Chilton is scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit, and he's trying to blame it on you.
But you're still in command of the task force, and Lecter's plane can still be ordered back.
Still dark.
I was so scared to look inside - but I had to...
Down on the floor, hands and legs spread, move it.
(then, noticing) Oh, Nelle, you poor thing.
I think I scared a friend of yours this morning.
That's horrifying.
Alright, one more shake.
She's scared of me.
He's desperately lonely, frightened...
What is your verdict?
I was terrified -- I'd scream my head off -- till finally I'd collapse on the carpet next to the door and fall asleep.
You had me worried.
We have nothing in the house.
What was he in jail for?
When did you hear?
"Truman Capote read last night before a packed audience from his non-fiction book IN COLD BLOOD."
They're torturing me.
Kill her.
You haven't paid your debts.
Are you scared?
Watch it!
How are we going to get out there?
You'll die!
You'll die!
Kill him!
Get back here, Rool! Ouch!
(exasperated) But what am I gonna transform?? Me! You?
Ouch!! Shhhhh!
We need blood.
The war is here!
Now change me.
Attack!! Sorsha.
Kill them both!
Are you going to abandon her? Come on, Madmartigan.
You and I are warriors.
Surrender!!
And who will stop me?
*Stop!
It's bad.
You get nightmares.
Yet of the all the witches in Alabama, there was one who was the most feared.
Your mother was worried we wouldn't talk again.
He's still here.
I got the snake.
Hello?! There's leeches in there!
Stop.
This here is the ocean, and you're drowning.
Stop it!
Too scared to fight back?
Who the hell are you?
The War.
It was during the war.
But then you hear it again and suddenly it's new.
So... what's your dark secret?
Are you going to tell me your deep dark secret before we have sex?
Later she had a nervous breakdown, quit her job, then moved in with her sister who she despised.
icki is visibly shaken.
You should be shocked.
I've changed.
You're scared.
I fell asleep.
We should go before it gets dark.
It's getting dark.
(thick Russian accent) Ivana Humpalot.
Smashing!
Smashing!
Smashing!
(turning stiffly to face Basil) I took a Viagra and it got caught in my throat.
Oh, and Austin-- (now with phlegmy throat) Basil!
How are we going to get out of here?
I'm wounded.
I've changed.
The world is in danger.
We will have lift-off in T minus 10 seconds... 9... 8... etc. Felicity, if you get frightened, just hold my hand.
To be honest it was terrifying.
I'm sorry, Comrade Teacher.
That was bad.
I flew across the room and dented the sheetrock in the kitchen.
I had this case.
I didn't want to cross the border armed.
Let me go and be non-threatening.
How did he drown?
He changed.
How dangerous is he?
Watching.
He should be a cop.
It's okay to be scared.
Scared?
I'm off-the-charts terrified.
Stop it!
(shivers) He said he was going to blow out my spine.
But head games are dangerous.
Stop that.
To my grave.
Police emergency.
And a thief.
Has he changed?
NIKI's car is catapaulted forward violently, the wheel-spin leaving livid black scars on the asphalt.. NIKI gets away first.
NIKI's eyes widen in horror, with another car bearing down upon him... No...! The oncoming car crashes head-on into our car, "Crash", a sickening, terrifying impact.
Burning smoke fills his helmet, scarring his lungs... Pandemonium: commentary in different languages as panicked TV commentators helplessly describe what's happening.. NIKI's POV: he can just make out the barely recognizable figures of the other DRIVERS rushing towards NIKI.. Their hands get burnt in the flames as they try unsuccessfully to undo NIKI's seatbelt.. Fire extinguishers blast at the car.
Dark hair.
That was my line!
We'd have crashed..!!
My grandfather was a businessman, my father, too... NIKI is in front of a mirror, and dresses smartly in a jacket, and open necked shirt, evidently a little nervous...
NIKI goes to shake hands with the MECHANICS... OK.
But when they behave like a frightened child.. MARLENE gets to her feet... C'mon, let me do this.
And the open-topped sports car lurches into warp-drive... MARLENE is thrown back hard in her seat, "Jesus", her eyes widen in terror and amazement.. Oh, my God...!!
Against the rules.
Accident.
It's not the burns to his face that are the danger.
And I'm being serious, too.
No! No! NO!!!! I'm sorry!
Stop!
(watching) You're anxious.
You're worried about the future.
You still have it.
(pause) You're full of stress.
You've had other problems.
I have trouble sleeping.
I was drowning.
Why all this concern?
Suddenly you care?
Two hours: where have you bee?
Am I in danger?
We were worried.
Can I crash here?
It's hideous.
Is he dangerous?
Everybody's dangerous.
She was afraid that was why you didn't come back.
Thinking's a fear of living, negative living; living's something else.
You're afraid.
Stop.
She scared me.
He was at the hospital.
(wary) Me? Yeah.
Stop it.
You change.
Toothache.
Where'd you get the blood?
Stop it!
Stop it!
You're a policeman.
Murderer!
Thief!
Destroy him.
He's crazy.
Scared.
(sings) "Ah, Rio, Rio by the seao, meo, myo, meo ... " (afraid of the scheme, afraid of the dance, afraid of Bialystock) Mr. Bialystock.
(his eyes widened in terror) You're going to jump on me.
(shouting and jumping up and down next to Bloom) I'm not going to jump on you! (rolling away in terror) Aaaaaaaaaa! (hoisting Bloom to his feet) Will you get a hold on yourself.
What are you afraid of?
I'm hysterical.
I'm having hysterics.
I'm hysterical.
I'm hysterical.
Oh, I'm sorry, Bialy, did I wet you?
(clutching Bialystock fiercely) Go, Bialy, baby, go! (slightly flustered) Go on with the concert!
I'm going to the Choreographer's Ball tonight.
Be brutal.
Be brutal.
Well, if you're so worried about the wig, get it, o' wicked witch of the west.
(casually shrieking) Well, Max, this is it!!! (whispers) I'm sorry, I'm a little nervous.
Relax, in two hours our worries will be over.
To failure!
You're acting out of panic... GIMME THOSE BOOKS!
I hear noise.
I'm a failure.
Just one, okay?... ...I gotta tell ya, I'm a little scared.
I mean we never done this before and I'm kinda nervous.
It's a police!
But now I was haunted by a vision of - He was horrible... ...a lone biker of the apocalypse... ...a man with all the powers of her at his command.
But I feared that I myself had unleashed him... ...for he was The Fury That Would Be... ...as soon as Florence Arizona found her little Nathan gone.
Damnit, are you boys gonna go chase down your leads or are you gonna sit drinkin' coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy ain't at?! Sir, there aren't any "leads" yet, aside from this coat- Gimme that!
Can I stop now?
But I fear that if I stay I would only bring bad trouble... ...on the heads of you and Nathan Jr.
...I'm your worst nightmare!
(frantically) I know you're worried honey but believe me, there ain't a thing to worry about.
Y'all hear that?
Y'all hear that?
My brother's a worry wart.
(beat) A word of warning.
A freak rainstorm downed him.
She was in a dangerous game, Steed.
Emergency alert ... A cyclone hit Banffshire last night.
Watch me.
He took a huge risk.
So I'm still ...
Under suspicion.
She's highly dangerous.
Surveillance?
Who's now vanished.
Limpet bomb.
Dead, I'm afraid.
Mrs. Peel is dangerous; she cannot be trusted.
(beat) Can you?
I'm afraid you still don't see ... Valentine Peel ... Yes, I remember him quite well ... This is where he used to spend his days.
The poor thing is quite fond of me.
They shit (plum) scared.
That doesn't mean he was a homo (freak), Miller.
Watch this.
I'm a lawyer, y'know, I need to hear these things, little boosts, helps allay my fears, I pass that piece of mind along to my partners.
Well, we were worried about dust and debris from the work being done ruining the cameras, so-- --so you shut them off?
It's urgent.
Is this an emergency?
We need to get to the penthouse level immediately.
Fucking things falling asleep... (over his shoulder) Vitoli, just sit tight for a second, I gotta make a phone call, figure this out...
(yelling) Jus' keep doin' y'damage girl, keep these mafuckas off my as-- (panic, into her IFB) We're out girl!
That I've survived bullets and frostbite and raging fever-- (holding up hand) missing fingers and every fucking imaginable horror in between?
Out of twelve shifts this month, you've been late for nine, sick four and that includes the shift where you came late and went home early.
He hears me.
(to Kanita) Didn't I tell you this guy was stressed out?
Stressed?
He's waking up again.
That they kill him.
Shock him.
Die! Who is it?
It was an accident.
Probation?
What line is he in.
That's too bad.
Oh, I think a shake-up was in order.
(more concerned about police presence) What did you tell them.
Rich people coming to him with their money, terrified of what people like you had left of this society.
(scared) What's going on?
The music suddenly STOPS.
More like Robert Downey, Jr. when he broke into that family's house and slept in the kid's bed like Goldilocks.
Where's the warden?
You've been watching.
Gavin sits at the piano, pecking out a haunting melody he's been fiddling with.
What's the line?
A beat.
237 237 238 238 When I get stressed out, I play videogames.
Your house is haunted by yourself?
Reality terrifies you.
I'm in a coma.
Weird that there's no cars.
Okay, confession.
My ex-boyfriend, the orc, he says, "What I like about you is that you're not so hot that I'm afraid of losing you."
x103 x103 Panicking, Mary calls out for -- Noelle!
You were my sister, my wife, my best friend... That's a little creepy.
I can feel my butt getting sore already.
An ear infection, chronic thing.
I'll miss you.
Barton, I'm afraid it's not a good time- Drown all those rascals... I'm sorry, I just feel like I know I shouldn't ask, I just need some kind of help, I just, I have a deadline tomorrow- I said drown 'em all!
If he quiets down, passes out... I'm afraid he thinks well, he said you were a buffoon, Barton.
Yes, I'm afraid I have.
Operator!
Fired.
There's a war on.
He fainted.
It's a poison ... Spitter!
Oh balls.
They're hunters.
They have come for the danger.
That's what I'm afraid of.
I don't want my grandchildren scared.
I'm afraid of the "animals".
Go away.
Watch this.
And going out with a big gun in the dark would be suicide Why don't you get some sleep, Dr. Wu? I'm just going to run a couple more tests and then I'm going to turn in myself.
Too scared.
I'm afraid there's no raft.
They failed me.
We were worried about you.
I over reacted.
We had a fight.
Why is the house so big?
You had her worried.
You disappeared.
People worry.
I didn't think Lucy would worry about me.
She hits the water, everything goes dark.
I'm sorry you slept out here.
Shoot it.
Death is beautiful because everyone fears death.
When you're scared it forces you to be completely aware of your surroundings and the moment you're in.
I beat myself up over you for years and I'm sick of it, I'm sick of chasing you down and worrying about you.
I would've done a longer set if that guy hadn't pulled a knife on the security guard.
I'm afraid so.
Fresh and organic, no need to panic!
But I am still here.
(suddenly scared) Where am I supposed to go?
With whiskers... and scars... the whole sha-bang.
Kill me?
Are you worried i'm going to embarrass you again?
No Harvey, I'm worried you're going to embarrass yourself.
There's a sudden rush at work, you know, a couple of big jobs in at once.
That was out of line.
(beat) But what can I do for you?
I'm afraid I'm not much of a reader.
Mum.
She worries about you?
What can I say... I'm afraid this is the only place left.
(beat) I'll be here.
(pulling away/can't help smiling) Sorry.
I'm afraid they're both out of order, Sir.
I've been under alot of stress, that's all.
(beat) And that's it.
I have lots of scars.
Jesus, man... I... I'm scared of the knife... Shit, I can't handle getting shots at the doctors, man, PLEASE...!
Wait...! I'm scared.
Nothing to be scared of.
Mom, no...! Look, I know you're afraid, that's the whole *point*, can you see that?
You gonna be afraid of things all your life?
I'm afraid rooting out double agents may have to wait.
The primary threat is the woman.
I'm frightened.
I'm about to faint...
You'll hear from me.
What are you, my shrink?
He's dead.
It's not your fault the gun accidentally went off in mid-air as you tripped and flew over the car.
Gotta go.
We evacuate.
Die.
Hey, gorgeous... know something... you got your mother's eyes... don't let... nobody tell you different... Scared... to be nobody... without a ripple... please... remember me... (beat) ...Love you... Um, Ma'am...? Ambulance is here.
Keep your foot on the pressure plate, nothing happens.
Today marks the beginning of a new era in South Africa --as President Mandela takes office in Pretoria, facing issues that range from economic stagnation and unemployment to rising crimewhile at the same time balancing black aspirations -- with white fears.
What's it going to be like now? Don't be so gloomy.
But if you are packing up because you fear that your language, or the color of your skin, or who you served previously, disqualifies you from working here now, I am here to tell you, have no such fear.
Am I under arrest?
It removes fear.
He's going to walk out, shake hands, walk back.
Stop him.
We prove that we are what they feared we would be.
This minority still controls the army, the police, and the economy.
But that will change.
Homework?
We'll miss him.
I'll threaten him with hospital if he doesn't behave.
Who is our opponent?
What the hell was that?
The idea is -- every driver is matched to his own avatar -- -- so their nervous systems are in tune.
Those savages are threatening our whole operation.
You're non-threatening.
You're making me nervous.
It's a territorial threat display.
I owe you.
They attacked me.
I've gotta go.
I'm there.Wake up!
We're a horror to them.
I gotta go.
Stop!
Outcast.
Alien.
I was afraid Jake -- for my people.
I will fly with you.
You hear me?
Fly!
There's an aboriginal horde out there massing for an attack.
Our only security lies in pre- emptive attack.
We will fight terror with terror.
Arming.
Dragon is down.
She coughs, tries to muffle the noise best she can.
The door across from her is slightly ajar... YOUNG WOMAN'S POV THRU DOOR - The Young Man dangles from the chains.
Suddenly, the Concealed Figure appears between the door and the Young Man.
Did he hear her?
A STEEL AXE/SICKLE hybrid (a scary, handmade invention), rusted, save for the razor sharp edge, sticks in a nearby wooden horse.
Revolver.
He's flying.
It'll be dark soon.
Also notice SCARRING around the left eye, there's no eyebrow and his skin is pale and splotchy.
Sheryl paws his chest, bites his lower lip HARD.
A SHADOW creeps into frame.
You gave me quite a scare.
I was kidnapped.
Sheryl pries her face from Clyde's chest.
I warned you.
Deacon grabs several different SCARY INSTRUMENTS OF TORTURE, tests them out.
Sheryl stares at Ida, terrified would be an understatement.
And now that Park Services and State Police are looking for us, you're starting to panic, MIKE (cont'd) knowing your whole plan's crumbling down before your eyes.
(To Ida STRONG) So you can stop spinning those fucking irons thinking you're scaring me, cause you're not.
Ida grabs a nearby knife, walks up to Sheryl.
My child, born in wedlock, saved from its sinner parents and raised to fear God and give him praise.
But you do, though, "Bites yer Legs".
They were just nervous.
It's the middle of the night.
DON REVIE's face, half-asleep.
Breathes a private sigh of relief.
The eldest is fast asleep, but the youngest says, `Dad?'
There's this bloke walking about in London, when all of a sudden, the city gets hit by a Russian `A' bomb.
CLOUGH's SON falls asleep.
The first is that his SON is already asleep.
CLOUGH's face: already fearing the worst.
A stranger.
CLOUGH and BAMBER shake.
Avoiding CLOUGH's eyes.
That coldness was there.
(eyes widen) Oh my god!
I gotta go.
You owe me.
Are these me considered armed and dangerous?
But dangerous?
(terrified) Uh.
Since the Iron Curtain has gone down, the Russian syndicates have started to come here.
The Russians are coming here anyway.
(viciously ties his hair back) Talk! Nervous?
(approaches Smecker) She was in here when it went down.
(beat) So what are you thinking, Russian retaliation?
Fled the scene.
Who were the victims?
He's scared of the kid.
You're amongst friends... Don't make this any more difficult than it already is... Y'hear me?... Y'hear me?... Colin?... Look at me... (Grudgingly) ...I hear you.
Knee-trembler! Polaroids?
You've ruined him!
You hear me?...
Fond) Yeah, she's alright... fine... doin' very well ... (SLIGHT PAUSE) `Ad a bit of a scare last week, though ...
She * fell outa bed, middle of the night!
I think we can take that as a 'No'!... Well we've learnt something ... Fear is stronger than love!
He was murdered!
(Shocked.
Devastated) ...
I was a bit nervous at first... fear of the unknown I s'pose... well you get set in your ways, don't ya... anyway, I like `er... like `er a lot- `s a nice feelin' -- an' she says she likes me an'' all!
I gotta go.
A name to fear.
I dunno about this... (worried) What will my mother think?
We HAVE to let him go! (worried) I'm not sure how Andy's gonna take this...
Oh no! Did he get hurt?
(nervous beat) But... Tony's not fitting in.
But "intriguing"... "mindboggling"... perhaps "headache-inducing"... sure.
It's obsessive.
An evil Russian!
Will you please shake hands, go to your corners, and come out wrestling.
Buzz off.
He'll kill you.
What a prick!
Go away.
Our first phone call!
That makes it weird!
Now those big white cells are attacking the cancer cells...
TONY CLIFTON (cont'd) "First I was afraid I was petrified.
Why are you shaking?
It is getting late, and your mother will be anxious about you.
My man is armed, and so am I.
No, I'm afraid mine are the O'Higgins of Watertown.
But we are not particular in Ireland on the score of neatness, hence the disorder of my bed-chamber did not strike me so much.
But, stop!
Take a warning from me, Mr. Roderick, and stick to the trumps.
Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived.
I should fear poison, but then I know the wretch has a sordid interest in keeping me alive, and that my death would be the signal for his ruin.
A storm blows up and we're history.
Hell yeah.
What're you crazy?
Hell, yeah.
What the hell is that?
Sudden flashes of light.
Drowning.
But neither of us is gonna risk saving your ass down here if it comes to that.
It's not the weather I'm worried about.
You killed them.
Look - 1 - 2 - 3/4 - 5 - 6 - 7 .. I count eleven scars on this hand, and four that might be? .. Now I count em on my hand?
This girl's about 18? How come she's got so many scars?
I just had this insane idea - if I'm wrong, I'll take a week off and redecorate your entire house .. She's blind, Ross - that's why all the scars - hear that traffic light?
Dark hair.
.. What you gotta worry about is what Citrine believes .. But I can't help you with this.
.. Where's the body, and why's he hidden it?
And she's missing.
We stop this now.
He tells her, "bye-bye," and she gets "attacked."
Press.
Where's your watch?
I'm afraid it's the "van" again.
I'm sorry to worry you with this, but we had a real serious robbery, and we- 're chasing a white V.W. van?
That's the morgue.
(fighting off nausea) This... how long did this attack go on for?
I killed him.
Crocodiles.
It's too dangerous for-- I didn't fly up here to roast marshmallows-- You flew up here because your boss-- I am going out on that boat and why are you picking on me, is this some kind of-- hazing, new fingernails I'm not picking-- in the woods?
He drowns.
That was a bust.
It happened sudden.
And my parents wouldn't let me in the house 'cause they'd just bought all these new antique lamps and they were afraid I'd knock them over, made sense, and meanwhile, the neighborhood bullies would see my round little head on the ground looking like a ball, and they'd come rushing over to start up a game of soccer.
You know they say the brain confuses fear for passion.
When you get scared, the brain releases a chemical, same chemical it releases when somebody's... (a beat) in high school, the thing to do was to take the girl to a scary movie.
It's a crocodile.
(suddenly) Look.
Holy ghost.
(fear in his voice) No.
They'll kill him.
She's worried about the cow now.
He's dying.
Says here that the Russians exploded n A-bomb and there's not a damn thing we can do about it.
Huh? Russians exploded an A-bomb.
Risk money.
But maybe that was the instinct that kept me locked up in the barbershop, nose against the exit, afraid to try turning the knob.
The blackmailer.
...I'm ruined.
...It ruined me.
Holy-moly, do I got a headache.
You don't got a headache?
*That'll* flood it.
You crazy?
...Look, pal, it's a tough break, but, uh... well damnit, your wife's been pinched.
And homicide.
It titillates, it's open ended... ...And it makes *him* the bad guy-- ya dig around, ya never know, something unsavory from his past, he approaches you to help with the money, it's too late, his past comes back to haunt him, who's to say... ...Yeah.
...I sat in the house, but there was nobody there.
There are a lot of things that haven't worked out for me.
That's swell.
Phone call.
But chickens?
And get me in to the dentist.
You hear me?
Stop.
Why do they have to die for me?
Stop!
What's the verdict?
Your body chemistry and your exposure to the elements would normally lead to irritability, depression, anxiety, periods of self-reproach.
There was a coffin?
The plane went down.
I hear you.
He's in shock.
How bad is it?
But we also knew that we were creating for ourselves a world where we could be safe from the horrors of the forsaken lands beyond our borders.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Did you hear that?
In the war?
He's dangerous, he's a killer!
Solara goes against me, you get hurt.
You go against me, she gets hurt.
It's dangerous in the outland.
It can give them hope, it can terrify them.
You scared me!
How can it still be out here?
Does it look abandoned to you? No, sir.
Come on out with your hands up and your weapons on the deck and nobody needs to get hurt.
I've missed you.
It was Iris.
He stalks her.
He rapes her.
The thrill while he's killing her... is sent to her, heightening her fear... which in turn heightens the turn on for him.
It's the dark end of the street, Lenny.
She was murdered.
Mace, the guy had a knife.
Mace.
Lornette, when you gonna stop laying off everything on me?
She worse than you.
Our killer is running as scared as we are.
Judging by how scared I am.
It was scary, all that pain coming out of that little body.
Are we under arrest?
Urgent!
(shaken) Enterprise... what we got back didn't live long.
I'm afraid you'll have to double as Science Officer.
My wits! (to Kirk, indignant) As in 'frightened-out-of'...! (into intercom) Engineer... report status there.
Was he difficult?
You failed.
Our shields cannot handle another attack!
They may have attacked only as a warning to us, Captain.
McCOY (worried) Mr. Spock, be careful.
I'm afraid our hand is pretty weak, Captain.
slowing .
(its) (urging) ( .
It needed our mortality, the fear of it, our struggle against it, our fears, our dreams... ... and the 'foolish' emotions which drive us? (looks at Kirk; then) I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.'
Here, look... Ekrem, take this... Ozim takes an open razor from behind a line of hair-tonic bottles and hands it to Ekrem, who now looks mortally terrified.
(startled) What?
And Ekrem snarls, flicks open the razor and drags it across Soyka's throat.
(Russian accent) Please...
We see blood trickling down her legs.
My dad was Russian.
This Muslim is scared of ghosts.
The police.
Albanians, Chechens, Russians.
Russian copy of BMW flat twin.
Helen enters looking anxious.
You hear me?
(in Russian) What's your last name?
Stepan, I think he was threatening to harm Christine.
You scared me.... What's wrong?
(in Russian) Kirill did the right thing.
Soyka was speaking to the Russian desk.
(whispers, in Russian) When I was in the KGB, we knew how to deal with scum like you.
Oh, and... your uncle.
For my brother... (in Russian) Guy out the back.
I fear you more than I fear them.
Mum...
(in Russian) What the hell is she talking about?
(in Russian) What did she say?! When he raped her she was a virgin.
(in Russian)) She's a civilian!
And that you were a thief.
(in Russian) What are you looking at? (in Russian) You.
Did you fight each other?
(in Russian) You'll have a drink, Yuri... (in Russian) I don't drink on duty.
(in Russian) I've told you, I am half Russian.
(in Russian) Then have half a drink.
(in Russian) He sits there like a vampire.
(in Russian) What, you are afraid of needles, Semyon?
I am afraid of... conspiracies.
To poison me.
They took blood from me with a needle.
It's What happened to the patient with the knife cuts?
Suddenly fireworks begin to burst over the Thames.
Smashing!
Smashing!
How's your mum?
It says here, name Danger Powers.
Danger's my middle name.
Only two things, scare me, and one is nuclear war.
What's the other thing you're scared of?
We've long feared such a development.
Hang on!
But what if he escapes?
I have a follow-up visit with the Evil Doctor.
You have a full head of hair, mine is slightly receding.
Here's the number of my dentist, he's first rate.
Go away.
CYNTHIA (filter) Oh, I'm afraid I don't have that information, but-- many applicants don't meet the criteria.
You dead?
Don' worry, mon, it's a world a shit.
BUGS!!
Jesus, David, you scared the shit out of me-- I'm sorry Sky, just drive, please-- Where were you today?
That's crazy.
I'm afraid she might be in danger.
A bil--? (nervous laugh) You're kidding, right?
PLYMPTON (filter) (careful, worried) It's me, Schuyler...
Psycho pulled a knife on me!
How do I find them!? Their offices were abandoned-- They own the whole building, they just move from floor to floor.
No way, it's too dangerous.
Right here, right now-- I'm the danger.
It's my gun...
Stop.
I blew it... we blew it...
You? Little shook.
You watching this?
Watching what?
He should be shot.
You should hear.
Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway.
They fired you?
(weakly) But...
I gotta go.
(muttering) When worlds collide.
When Worlds Collide.
(a nervous laugh) ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your - Up to you.
A prior engagement overcame me.
(worried) I mashed the spider, didn't I? We'll get to the spider later, Mr. Cole.
Change what?
A hospital?
Hiding?
You're afraid of germs?
(sudden panic) July?! Do you know what year it is?
In addition to these "natural" contagions, there are now technological horrors as well: besides radiation, consider our lurking fear of germ warfare and its close approximation, chemical warfare, which first reared its ugly head in the deadly mustard gas attacks during the First World War.
During such an attack in the French trenches in October, 1917, we have an account of this soldier... RAILLY'S VOICE (cant.
(startled, horrified) But that's... that's more than 200 miles!
(pointing suddenly, eagerly) Zs that a radio?
We only have a few bucks.
(very frightened) What are you going to do with us? (stares at the photo, then) Tell me more about Jeffrey.
Shot!
Who shot you?
(suddenly animated) He's sick.
You have reason to believe that my son may be planning to do what?!!! Please, I know it sounds insane but... (into the phone) I'm afraid this doesn't seem very professional to me, in fact it's distressingly unprofessional for some- one who treated my son briefly (if indeed you actually are who you say you are) to take a sudden unsolicited interest in his mental health six years later, and to telephone a parent to express opinions that would be inappropriate... (breaks off, listens, then) I don't know anything about "Monkey armies", Doctor.
The police.
That's a policeman.
Did you kill him?
We're insane!
We're crazy!
What does this virus attack?
And I'm crazy!
And here -- I die.
(torn) God-damnit, god-damnit.
Darnell, I've reviewed your placement test and I'm afraid you failed to meet our entrance requirements in two areas.
Thunder.
Lion.
There's no time to think, to worry, to have doubts.
Great clutch throw under pressure.
Damn tough to scare that little white boy.
I guess I didn't wanta make you nervous.
Mighta made you feel bad.
Like maybe it wasn't written someplace that we all gotta go on our ass.
I had some other things to worry about... Well, we're gonna make up for lost time.
Look, you're scaring him, Dad.
Stop.
It's war!
You hear?
Oh, he rides... Splendidly.
I'm afraid it's too late, lad.
Fear God.
Honor the King! (in unison shout) Fear God.
Line!
They're dead.
Here you are flying over so much pain and terror - and you know you can never look down.
It was disgusting?
Shell!
And...fire!
I'm shot!
What the hell is it?
Scare him back into his hole.
When you cut it, it's going to release this - - and this, and this, and they'll coil back rather violently, which I'm afraid will only wound the poor fellow further.
Mum's the word where the Major's concerned.
You missed out.
Shoot.
That's too bad.
Sandra Van Ryan's got 'em running scared.
He stopped by himself.
You've got nothing to be scared of, Suzie, just take a deep breath.
God, you scared the shit out of me.
I'm scared, that's what.
I'm scared there's no one to trust.
I was afraid of that.
God, you are scared, aren't you?
I mean why was Suzie so scared of him?
(beat) Okay.
There were going to be roads and houses.
It was an accident.
I should've killed you myself.
Something unfortunate happens to one of the signatories, the others don't have to worry.
I think mostly I wanted to scare them.
(a few JURORS shiver) I'm done talking.
I'm no longer a danger to society.
He's dead.
What are you so nervous about?
I have trouble sleeping at night.
I wake up scared.
I'm tired of being afraid all the time.
P.S. Tell Heywood I'm sorry I put a knife to his throat.
You hear that?
Yeah, okay, but who the hell is he?
A phantom.
An apparition.
Suddenly, here's this voice: Freeze kid! Hands in the air!
Warden?
That's why she died.
Pressure and time.
A criminal.
That's why they're dead.
It was an accident.
I'll kill him myself.
Bitch...
This is the police.
I miss you!
We have a problem.
He's a cop.
You'll both die.
Do you miss him?
Who's grave?
Big brass balls.
Spread your legs... Police!
Be a cop.
(dangerous) Yeah, you can get your hand off my chest.
That's where it stopped.
You mean like the time you got possessed and turned into a monster terror dog?
(scared) Your honor, ladies and gentlemen of the -- (he remembers there's no jury) audience.
Under the table, boys! (in horror) Oh, my God!
Now watch this.
Watch this.
So we'll put a warning on the label.
(with mock seriousness) Okay, we were trying to keep this quiet but I think you can be trusted.
(nervous) The Upper West Side.
(to Stantz, really worried now) Are you crazy, man?
You're scaring the straights.
It's just a scared little baby, Sherm.
Then you should go to the police.
(worried) I'm worried.
Kill me.
Her fear of me increased my desire.
He killed them!!!
Am I from the devil?
It's the plague.
Mama, I'm frightened, please wake up.
You are the devil!
The swamp...
Go away from me.
Though the fire seemed to spread through the quartier, I stood on that deck until dawn, fearful he would come out again of the very river like some monster to destroy us both.
We are death!
Be still!
We had feared we were the only ones...
So it's as I always feared.
But I'm afraid.
She feels she's in danger from the others.
Do you hear me?
It's only a siren...
And they frighten you?
It's real scary.
You get on a plane, there's two guys with turbans, seats A1 and 2. They look nervous.
But I'm afraid I can't help you.
Broken.
In 1991 the United States invaded Iraq, and afterwards weapons inspectors discovered Saddam was six months off enriching uranium to sufficiently high specification to make a nuclear bomb.
You can't be freezing your balls off in a GOOSEDOWN alone in the dark.
I missed it.
The bomb comes later.
50% of Americans think Saddam blew up the Towers- He's a threat.
Did he threaten you?
Did he threaten to kill you?
It's like I'm suddenly in this- (Interrupting) Why did you do it?
In the press.
Worrying where life was going to drag you next.
He's dead.
Killed?
Are you trying to scare me?
Who the hell are you?
At the hospital.
Was it an assassination?
Those pictures...they freaked me out.
Do you hear me?
I have a problem.
I took it while she was asleep.
He killed them.
He was a coward!
I killed her!
I killed him!
Kill her!
You escaped.
And you killed that.
And I will kill you.
I'm warning you.
He's a Prince freak.
Gotta go.
Now Prisoner 24601.
It warns you're a dangerous man.
It's a struggle!
It's a war!
We suddenly hear the voice of the landlord, Thenardier.
How did you...? There's lots of things I know Won't take a franc that I've not earned All of those bridges have been burned.
Disappear!
It's time we settled the debt.
Why's she hanging about here?
These are the shadows of the past!
To the barricades!
To the barricades!
To arms!
To arms!
They raid a fencing shop and a gun shop for weapons, they force wives to give up their husbands' muskets and chalk up the debt to the revolution on their front doors, they encourage homeowners to contribute furniture sometimes appearing at high windows to help overcome any reluctance.
I've got you worried now, I have!
So what are we going to do With this snake in the grass?
A little fall of rain Can hardly hurt me now.
Courfeyrac, you take the watch - They may attack before it's light.
Here's to them - (Marius sings to Valjean) And here's to you! Drink with me to days gone by! Can it be you fear to die?
He is young He's afraid Let him rest Heaven blessed.
Grantaire is fast asleep in the upstairs room, dead drunk.
Yet we will not abandon those Who still live in fear.
I will go into the streets.
A soldier challenges him.
The sudden silence wakes Grantaire from his drunken slumber.
What I saw, clear as light, Jean Valjean in the sewers that night, Had this corpse on his back Some boy he'd killed in a viscious attack.
Valjean prays in the chapel, on his knees.
Alone I wait in the shadows I count the hours till I can sleep.
VALJEAN is joined by the ghost of Fantine.
Why did you go away?
Your gray's in danger of turning a little pink.
I'm intruding.
Horrible.
You're a dark horse, Ripley.
(horrified) Is Freddie here?
What's the fight about?
Can you bear it?
There's room for a whole libretto on Freddie's chest.
suddenly MARGE is (as if she's seen a ghost) Oh my God.
That's swell.
You should watch that!
(suddenly turning) I have a witness who thinks they saw two men getting into Mr Miles' car.
I'm haunted by everything I've done, and can't undo.
Did you hear?
It's urgent.
Where've you been hiding?
It's terrible.
I'm going to be stuck in the basement, aren't I, that's my, that's my - terrible and alone and dark - and I've lied about who I am, and where I am, and so nobody can ever find me.
24 24 The driver flees eastward.
Suffering.
That's awful.
Have you been ill?
28 28 Stillness.
Because you're afraid, Nicky.
That's the darkest part of you.
He surveys the set, a working class kitchen, behind it a backdrop of dark streets and looming tennaments.
You're worried about this kid who writes these reviews?
Worried sick.
He goes to the theater armed.
Hiding out.
It is getting dark.
61 61 It is dark and cold.
How do we respond to personal attack?
He'll kill it.
This will come back to haunt us.
You're dead.
You're dead.
Not much for Afters, I'm afraid.
It is in the ground.
Outside!
SUDDENLY Frodo scoops up the Ring.
(panicked) Mr. Frodo.
(worried whisper) What do we do now?
No! (horrified) Frodo! (panicked) Mr. Frodo!! Help him, Strider! (grim) He's been stabbed by a Morgul blade.
(nervous) They're close.
Who is she? (worried) Frodo?
The road is too dangerous.
Why do you fear the past?
You will face the same evil...and you will defeat it.
(worried) It's moving fast...against the wind.
WIDE ON: THE FELLOWSHIP scramble under what little cover (worried) Spies of Saruman.
It is a strange fate that we should suffer so much fear and doubt over so small a thing...such a little thing.
If the mountain defeats you, will you risk a more dangerous road?
You fear to go into those mines, don't you?
(in horror) Oh...no...no..no... !
Goblins!
Legolas! (ominous) We now have but one choice...we must face the long dark of Moria.
Fly!
The dark fire will not avail you, flame of Udun.
Hunt them down.
Boromir! (painful gasp) They took the little ones... Aragorn quickly tries to staunch the flow of Blood from Boromir's shoulder.
He is dead.
(frightened) Sam!
(whispered) Dark in here.
Go away.
You're afraid of her.
Worries about his mother, eh? Give him a hug for me.
(approaching him) What's going on?
Go away.
(shaking his head) Nobody does that single-o.
And now they're hurting.
(terrified) Henry, no, I -- Who did you tell?
You destroyed me!
What happened to Cole? (suddenly evasive) He retired.
Cole, you scare me when this happens.
You drown in there?
You scared me.
(anxious) Oh, yeah?
Dad wants us to sleep in the same room so you'll be able to watch me while he's asleep and I won't sneak out of the house and blow dealers and shoot heroin.
Beat.
I've been a nightmare and you've been a saint.
I'm beat too.
He buried me.
He drowned.
You're the only one they're afraid of.
Still?
Stop it.
Thanks for abandoning me.
I still am.
It was an accident.
I weighed six pounds and my hair was falling out.
We need to get you to a hospital.
You need to get to a hospital!
He's hopeless.
They're an epidemic.
The public is kind of afraid of me.
You scared me.
Kill 'em in that interview.
Police?
I gotta go.
But it's only for emergencies.
House security!
(panicked) There's a man in there!
(beat) I will.
(suddenly concerned) Today?
Police?
Stop!
Weird hairdo.
She's terrified of dogs.
I'm sorry, but I have a plane to catch.
I still do.
But today I realized that I've lived in fear of it too long.
What's this about jail?
Gotta go.
I'm doomed.
You are under arrest.
You're bending it.
Accident.
(then, to Agent #1) Watch him.
Miss me?
Is this an interview?
I busted him.
He'll kill me.
Miss me?
We have a problem.
How? Misdirection.
Stan freaks.
He looks at Stanley who is terrified of its contents.
500 bucks.
I'm gonna... (coughing) I'm gonna fall off... Oh.
Miss?
(holding her down) Put fear of the Devil in me, gal.
And a man come up to the disciples and he say... (reads deliberately) Have mercy on my son, for he is a lunatic, and sore vexed... (to Rae) He got the devil in his mind and sores on his skin.
Need to get your legs strong.
(in a panic) Please don't tell my daddy.
Cut it out.
(kneels next to him in fear) Please keep singin'.
(Laz shrugs) Keep drinkin' water and you won't get a headache in the mornin'.
I came in here to get sick.
I'm not usually so... afraid.
Now what'chu need me to do? Cuz I'm gonna go do it.
You can stop now.
Gotta go.
Go away.
The first time I met your mother I was so nervous- My mother?
You said, `the first time I met your mother I was so nervous...' I did?
But she's dead now.
What are you so nervous about?
This was your homework.
So what's your problem?
You don't need to be afraid of them, Alex.
Where did you hear that?
My jaw.
You poor thing.
She wanted me to kiss her but I panicked.
(catches her breath, suddenly serious) Hark!
Scar!
It's a rule.
He suddenly wanted to be rid of it.
When you get home, I'm asleep.
When I leave home, you're asleep.
I'm afraid that's not so, sir.
What are you, a cop?
I got scared.
(touches his chest) I've still got mine.
You've been avoiding me.
I'm a witch.
Retail's not for me, I'm afraid.
Nightmare.
I'm watching now.
It's insane.
So, I'm sitting there watching the telly and suddenly I see Papadopoulos & Sons.
Insane.
Wasting it.
He dies.
It's okay to miss her.
And Mum.
I've hidden in the shadows for centuries.
Why not a demo at your own house?
As he lowers his arms, the CAMERA PULLS UP and OUT FROM Lestat, whirling into the dark night... Ah, Jesse.
I hear her blood in your voice...
With one self-assured twist of her head, she shakes the red dust from her hair to reveal long curling black tresses falling down over her dark-skinned shoulders.
The camel driver stares before him, drop-jawed and terrified, and we now see what he sees...
We've started our approach into L.A.
The vampire doorman is frightened, but mesmerized as she moves in...
But she's disappeared.
Her lips brush his neck, her hands run up and down his body pausing on his chest.
A look of horror appears on Vampire Lover's face.
Akasha turns to the terrified barman again, pulls him over the bar and attacks him as if she were just reaching for a snack.
Lestat pulls out a knife, quickly slices his arm open.
Jesse shivers under his touch, terrified, but wanting more.
She shivers... (groans) Your blood... (murmurs) Do you like it?
(whispering, overcome) Do it to me... Please...
But suddenly her words catch him... His head flails as he tries to stop his natural impulse.
He looks into the dark.
The vampire senses another's presence -- stops and turns to reveal his vampire eyes shining in the dark.
She shakes her head no...
He looks to Lestat, worried...
The assassins approach closer -- Lestat assaults with relentless lyrics... Reaching the stage, they are suddenly on it -- roadies run in and are immediately cast aside by inhuman powers.
The assassins attack again, this time hurtling massive light stands like they were small spears.
Panic takes over the mass of people, running in all directions.
She casts a dangerous eye towards Jesse.
Kill her.
A thin, red scar remains from where she cut herself with the silver stick from the Chinese barrette.
Stop it!
How'd he die?
But he did die.
What case?
[Beat] Now, we do.
[Beat] Yeah, it is.
[Beat] We will.
I'm in here because they say I have a nervous condition.
[Beat] What?
In these once familiar streets I feel shadows everywhere... Shadows...? Ghosts.
Todd takes it and shakes.
She is currently busy chopping a loathsome mess of suet with a wicked looking knife, her greasy hair hanging down over her face.
(glaring at Pirelli) I lay them against five pounds you are no match for me.
Not with the things wot happen in the dark.
Do you hear me?
(he is suddenly dark and purposeful) I'll come again when you Have Judge on the menu... True, we don't have Judge -- yet -- but would you settle for the next best thing?
Another bright red day! (He slits the customer's throat) We learn, Johanna, To say... Goodbye... I'll steal you... ... which is not to say we couldn't get some nice taxidermy animals to bring a touch of gentility to the place.
It's a fortress.
DO YOU Toby is stunned and terrified.
Menacing.
Todd suddenly sees -- the Judge!
Then he sinks to his knees, overcome.
His demons silenced.
The ghosts are gone.
A sound from the chest.
His eyes dart to the chest.
He slowly picks up his razor and moves to the chest.
He spins and bolts out of the shop, leaving her sitting in the chair-- Mrs. Lovett is standing in horror by the mouth of the chute.
(to Beggar Woman) Lucy... Said she took the poison -- she did -- Never said that she died -- Poor thing, She lived-- I've come home again...
Not a thing to fear, My love... What's dead Is dead.
He falls... Into the blood.
Dead.
(nervous) Uh, excuse me, fellas?
You know why guys like you knock everything... (to himself) Oh, this should be stunning... It's 'cause you're afraid.
(to no one imparticular) I'm in the math club... See you're afraid that they won't take you.
God damnit!
The next screw that falls out is gonna be you!
(worried) Cut it out!
Can you hear this?
Beats me...
I forgot my pencil... God damnit!
It was an accident!
Go away...
Is is bad?
Now this is the thought that wakes me up in the middle of the night...
You are such a bitch!
It's the shot.
The shot's it.
I'll kill him!
They changed it.
This is it but they changed it.
This is it, but they changed it.
Watch it!
You hear me?
Watch!
You watch!
Watch!
Now watch!
Are we going home? (barely moving his lips) Right here.
Of what is there to be afraid?
The war?
What're you, crazy?
Yeah...What the hell.
What the hell's that for?
What's it for?? He's serious.
What hospital is he in?
I gotta go.
I'm so scared.
I'm so fuckin' scared to go home.
What the hell is up with that?
The spiders.
(worried) Tell me what?
Stand by ... (beat, eyes widening) Steady .... steady ... FIRE! POOH-BEAR (cont'd) Yes! Yes! (beat) Out! That's a wrap.
Because he'll kill me.
I'm afraid so, Danny.
Worse.
They're bad up here.
Nervous?
Little nervous...little disappointed that I didn't finish this myself.
My bad.
They threatened to kill my daughter.
Am I? Sure And what am I scared of?
Stop.
(suddenly) I don't have it anymore?!
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Cut.
assassination.
Nothing for you to worry about, darling Pops The S.E.C. has turned down my request for relief on the debts.
And meantime I'm dealing with the stockholders in New York who are scared shitless -- and I'm this far from getting fired myself -- and you don't have a friend in the world but me right now.
(suddenly) You're with them, aren't you?
I'm afraid.
So we should cut it.
He's dead.
She had an accident.
They both drowned.
To rubble.
You can watch.
They said she had a... personality disorder.
What was my panic?
Only when I'm worried.
Who you worried ab...
Who you worried about?
Still.
By watching me.
Watch this.
I'm afraid I don't...
She's sitting on a bed, and a man rapes her... and he begins to cut her with a knife... (pause) I only watched what I could.
, but Welles You... you need to go to the police.
(stands, shakes her head) No.
This is the mortgage.
Why the gun?
We were divorced by then.
I miss you.
Then, something horrible happens... that's when you start praying all the time.
"Devil" frightened me as much as it excited me, but I'd be hard pressed to choose a favorite.
That's why you got scared when Mrs. Christian hired me.
Followed me... must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies... They're no friends of mine.
I can kill you.
They brought her into the room... one man, he put a knife to her throat and he raped her... No...
(into phone) ... guy sticks out like a sore thumb.
My knees are killin' me.
Well, what are you really worried about?
What happened to the private rooms?
Curve ball, bats are afraid.
Take fear from bats.
Lawyer.
High fly ball, centerfield.
Doesn't hurt to put the fear of God in a hitter.
I'm afraid I have or I wouldn't be here.
Sacrifice?
That's murder.
You want me to go get him?
I've burned out my knees...
Too bad.
We were broke.
Where's my chicken?
I quake.
Oh my god, he's bleeding!
During the casino's hours of operation the door to the counting room is fiercely guarded, and the door itself is of redoubtable Pittsburgh steel; when the casino is closed the entire underground complex is locked up and the armed guard retreats to the casino's main entrance.
Oh my God! Blood! ...why, it's nothing to make a fuss about.
Spirited away, as it were, by ghosts.
I shudder.
I quake.
Why... this is most... irregular.
My my, this is most irregular.
I come up your irritated ass with this -- motherfuckin' gun-- You think you scare me, you mewling punk!
The old woman is a more potent antagonist than one had imagined... ...Now, Lump, I'm afraid it falls to you to finish the job.
I feared that those would be your words.
Getting nervous?
Nervous?
Weird dreams?
And here's the creepiest part -- I look down at my dress and it's red.
Go away.
Some of the children are afraid of you since you dragged that little boy up the aisle.
Stop.
Stop it!
And all you do is tear other people down and-and-and laugh at them, and criticize what they do, because you're too afraid to do anything yourself!
Stop.
Police!
Why not try ours... afraid it isn't clean?
He's gotta fight to breathe.
(stunned) What?
(threatening) You don't want to mess with me today.
You're dead!!
Have they done blood tests on him?
I don't know... It's very strange not feeling that stupid panic thing inside you all the time.
Why are you picking at my sores... What is it that you want?...
Concerned.
I was... attacked.
I was hospitalized.
Tell me even if you're scared.
A long crooked SCAR runs down one side of her face.
He stands like that for a moment and then suddenly STEPS OUT INTO THE ROAD in front of an on-coming TRUCK.
Stop what?
David picks up the knife and repeats the "attack" move on her.
Now an attack from behind.
(beat) What?
He injects her.
A shot rings out and a BULLET suddenly strikes the ground beside her.
Is he dead?
The Guard!
Is he dead?
Retribution.
(Suddenly) Why didn't you go?
Beat.
There is a sudden scratch of a key at the front door and, instinctively, the two break apart.
Here I am - the victim, kidnapped, bound, soon to be murdered, but I think you are the one that is afraid, David.
(Beat) Afraid of the monster.
He may have begun his speech hoping to get a reaction from David but he has lost himself in his rant and so rather than triumph we see only a moment of startled fear in his eyes as David suddenly swings the bowl violently at his head, SHATTERING IT on the pipe to which he is tied.
Rachel is about to press home the attack but is blinded by blood from her wound washing into her eyes.
The FACES of the soldiers, moved by this.
She begins to mix herself another drink, sees someone across the room, and her face changes... He's standing alone drinking, nervous.
* David suddenly takes her hand and pulls her round the * corner.
* He turns to her, his face alive with an energy that we * haven't seen before - fear or excitement?
* Rachel sits, still smoking, though it's dark outside now.
* She stops.
* Beat.
She feels a sudden, instinctive rush of fear.
* (suddenly) * We can't go back.
Well, our visiting hours haven't changed, I'm afraid.
Rachel emerges - panicking.
...listening to the dial tone, panic overwhelming him.
I can stop him.
Only how to die.
Suddenly he staggers against the wall.
And there it is - the HYPODERMIC NEEDLE Rachel has stuck between his shoulders.
He touches it with his fingertips, eyes wide with horror, feeling the rush of lethal chemicals through his blood.
In the distance, framed between the arches, her abandoned car.
How bad?
I'm too weak.
Should we wake him up?
The Dark Prince is here.
I was concerned.
Beat it, ya freak.
Oh, he's gotta pee.
(Nicky is scared) Unlike you, she won't come back from where she's going.
I was a good Devil, wasn't I?
Covered in bees!
Your lives are in danger.
Scared my men shitless.
Chicken.
Big as a house.
(totally confused) Oh.
(back to work) The entire brain appears to have been extracted.
I saw two green eyes in the dark.
I think the scratches were put there to scare us.
A dungeon?
(voice rising in fear) I'd do it gladly but someone needs to stay with these people.
(yells) Where is it?!
Where the hell are you?
(loud) It's scared of me.
You killed him!
Kill it now!
Temperance can be a convenient disguise for fear.
Is it going to rain?
They had surrendered?
Kill them.
The French fleet won't sail north of the Chesapeake for fear of early storms.
(to Major Halbert) First my personal baggage, then half the bridges and ferries between here and Charleston burned, a dozen convoys attacked.
The hell I do.
He died.
This will be forgotten.
We're militia.
I can beat that.
No... not in the eyes of the police.
Why? She'd punish me.
I'm being punished.
That's what you're afraid of isn't it?
You have trouble sleeping?
An angel, when she was having one of her headaches.
I was needed in the sick room.
For me to get sick in.
I don't wanna... (to Martha) Stop her! Then Agnes tries to crawl away as though terrified of What is it?
That's crazy.
The scandal...
I wanted her to have it when no-one else was around, they would have taken the baby to a hospital and left it with them, but it was such a difficult birth, there was so much blood and I panicked.
(sarcastically) Yeah, I feel like it now, don't I... fucking hell... Suddenly the door bell goes.
You gonna go?
He kneels down and begins to pray.
Suddenly Glen speaks.
He sees a shadow approaching.
When did you start knocking out?
Are you still there?
... is that better?...it's Glen... you alright... can you hear me?... yeah I'm good mate, I'm good... No, you...no mate... no I, erm, I put the word about...you know...what we were chatting about... and I, erm, I think I've got a pretty good idea what's going on... well, erm... I've heard this off a few people... a lot of `em have said the same thing... it's, erm, it's Shifty innit... Shifty... yeah, yeah definitely...
Trevor's on Shifty and has him pinned up against the wall, his hefty hand gripped around his neck, Suddenly he brings a Stanley knife up to his temple.
Yeah, I'm having a Mac attack.
Why am I listening to you? Got to monitor my blood pressure, so whatever you do, don't upset me.
(still nervous) Nice to see you again Mr. Gekko.
Uh...hmmm.
(nervous) Anacott Steel -- right.
Fear.
So what's the problem?
He had a heart attack, hon, but he's okay, he's at the hospital... (runs out) Oh Christ! (lighting a cigarette) Mom! How is he? (shaken) ...he was complaining about chest pains at work.
Ooh ooh, tough talk from a scared little girl all wrapped in a pretty grown-up package.
No, thanks, I'm nervous enough.
(nervous) Hi.
They said I wadn't right in the head and they put me in there in the nervous hospital instead of puttin' me in jail.
He needs the job.
Who did you kill?
What have you got to be nervous about?
Coffee kindly makes me nervous when I drink it.
You need to get a little sleep.
Poor thing, he's probably never seen such a crazy mess.
You scared me.
You know my mother always told me that I'd damage my eyes if I read by poor light and I always think about that when I'm reading, but I've gotten this far, so why am I still worrying about it?
Murder?
My uncle's house.
Cut it out.
That tiny mouse used to sit in a little miniature lawn chair scratching his balls and shelling peanuts and this snake was just too scared to go near it.
Hide them?
But I do have a warning for you.
We will annihilate them in a single attack -- at Pearl Harbor.
Where are the women on this -- They're s-still asleep!
The terror of the skies are here!
We've got him hurt, stay on him!
We've been here a month and nobody's had worse than a sunburn.
Our doctor's gone too.
But I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs sewing, or else it's gonna make a big lumpy scar.
The attack seems inevitable.
So they pop out and attack where?
It's connected to a local dentist.
This dentist, is he a spy?
Hang on.
I was afraid they'd turn me in, so I stole some clothes, jumped ship, and found a church, where the priest contacted the resistance, and got me on a freighter to New York.
Prepare to move to attack speed.
attack position.
You hear my okay?
I'm out of fuel! Second attack wave is in the air.
The more we attack, the harder it is to find targets.
How dangerous?
We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel.
Open bomb bay doors.
We burned a lot of fuel back there.
Afraid I was going to leave without giving you a goodbye kiss?
It's getting dark out there.
Then it couldn't be one of those creatures that attacked Luke.
(over comlink) Afraid there's not much left.
The Rebels are there.
Why are you still here?
Punch it!
Watch this.
Watch what?
Sir, I'm almost afraid to ask, but... does that include shutting me down, too?
I'll need it to get out of this slimy mudhole.
Go away!
That is why you fail.
They were in pain.
I feel the Force!
This is a dangerous time for you, when you will be tempted by the dark side of the Force.
Reckless is he.
Our operation is small enough not to be noticed... which is advantageous for everybody since our customers are anxious to avoid attracting attention to themselves.
That's always been a danger looming like a shadow over everything we've built here.
We're in danger.
You hear me?
You have controlled your fear... now release your anger.
Ouch! Oh! Ah!
It was you who killed him.
It's only a snake.
This is the manuscript in which the friar chronicled the Knight's story... it doesn't reveal on location of the Grail, I'm afraid... but the Knight promised that two "markers" that had been left behind would.
Watch out.
He's scared to death of them!
Did you kill him too?
Then we'll die.
Rats?
The hell you will.
Disappear.
Without a map, I'm afraid it's no better than a souvenir.
Alarm!
Do your homework?
Suddenly, from nowhere a German soldier flies INTO FRAME, tackling Indy.
(to himself; suddenly) Kneel!! I'm through!
Mr. Wicher looks scared.
He scared too.
She suddenly looks unwell.
I can't do that Miz Rain.
We miss you.
(confused) Well ...only that -well, evrybody need a little help once in a ... What?! (scared) I jus ...
Thas Miz Rain to me.
She's nervous.
Bitch!
Am flying.
Do you want me to knock your other eye out!
Dude... I'm scared!
They're wide with FEAR.
WHAT DO I DO?! Mikey's eyes continue to panic.
Reacts.
He rubs his sore neck.
(too-late-retort to Raph) That was just a startle response and isn't really an indication of fear!
A silence sits in the room as a CD flies out of Raph's room.
Disgusting.
He tiptoes with ninjitsu precision across the floor, avoiding the potential noise-making mess below him.
I'm afraid much has changed in your brothers' spirits since you have left.
Scared eyes!
A beat.
He stops.
Scares Man half to death.
(calms down) Gave me a scare kitty.
A large burly CLAWED ARM slams out of the shadows onto the cat, yanking it back into the alley!
But the involvement of the Foot and their mysterious leader worries me.
(sick of cake) The phone suddenly rings.
He suddenly hears a noise in the back.
He hears the noise... now from inside the WALK-IN FREEZER.
ANOTHER NOISE.
Suddenly - Night creeps to the freezer.
NYC civilians point to the sky, worried.
It buzzes again.
Suddenly a WALKING STICK across his chest stops him!
We're just concerned.
I, we are hanging up.
It's an interview.
(to Bitsey) My client's got a ten pound bass on the line and he's worried about baitin' his neighbor's hook.
Bite my shoulder.
And stop that.
You are so weak.
A cop.
A real danger to flora and fauna.
Medievalers wouldn't pray to good Judas for fear of getting bad Judas on the line by mistake.
Mr. Gale, a leukemia patient's condition is highly susceptible to external stress.
Yeah, but it's her kitchen, in her house.
Tired of being afraid.
Watch yourselves.
For the poor, the ones you were praying for.
I fear I know our King.
I frighten you.
Keeper was scared of me too, at first.
Scared?
Scared of you?
He is a monster!
Hang himself?! He's threatened to do it, it's been building up in him for months.
What use am I? We go someplace dangerous.
You have prayed too much.
You will not shed royal blood!
I know what they have done was a threat against you -- and yet that threat has been removed, with no harm coming to your Majesty.
And die in it!!
What the hell.
Who the hell was that?
How the hell did you do it?
Why? Fire.
Hear that?
(nervous laughter) Scary, huh? Eight-years old.
Fire?
Cancer.
I'm scared.
She...she died.
There was this case.
I'm the police.
You hear me?
Frank, this is not the time to be worried about covering up if you had a thing with this girl.
We stopped him.
What the hell is that?
What else you got to threaten me with?
We got his stinkin' ass in the deepest, darkest cell in the whole place.
Patrolman Gerald Nash was just one of the twelve peace officers that Mickey and Mallory murdered during their reign of terror.
But at first I breathed a sigh of relief.
That pie is the way the strangely charismatic, and make no mistake, they are charismatic, Mickey and Mallory have captured the public's interest, fear, and in some cases, admiration.
It's a tragedy.
And this man, whose hands are lethal weapons--- Objection, defence is intimidating the witness with the murder weapon.
Mr. Knox, put the knife down.
What's changed?
All I want you to worry about is what I ask you.
Wayne, if it was anybody else--- Phil, I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place.
...one night I was asleep, and a noise wakes me up.
Where's the list of the hostages?
Operator.
You are in a lot of danger.
Why? They're watching you.
Don't be controlled by your fear, Neo.
I want my phone call.
That will kill him.
Haven't I always told you, Cypher, not to let fear control your life.
Stop!
It is dangerous.
I'll be your operator.
Attack me.
How did I beat you?
That's what they changed.
There is a problem.
It's suicide.
It was a disaster.
Operator.
Get up! Nooo!
Operator.
You whup me, I'll crawl out of the ring on my knees and catch the next jet plane out of the country.
You scared of him?
I'm scared of no man.
120 over 80? (re: his blood pressure) You should be asleep...
(stunned) What?
(mid-statement) I fear if this bill is not passed... (beat) ...our nation is in for a dark night of social disruption.
He's my lawyer.
If you're convicted.
I still will.
How can you be broke?
She fainted...
(to himself) Back up, maaan... (weaves suddenly; another voice) ...you fast!
I kill him!
We're worried you're going to get hurt.
'Cause what gonna bleed...is money.
C'mon, chump!!! (panicked) Get off the goddamn ropes!! Took somethin' away from him, Angie, that round...
Terrify him with what you can take... (hisses to George) Eight more rounds...
Cop.
You lose.
You're fired!
He is the VICTIM!
Bailiff.
Ten minutes out of the station he'll be standing in the vestibule between cars... trying to avoid a panic attack.
I think she's just afraid she won't be able to get pregnant.
What's to be afraid!
Well, here we are... in the dark.
(We're going to be in big trouble.
I worry a lot.
(then suddenly) Watch it!
Armed terrorists seized the airport this morning.
But I just can't get over this stupid nagging fear that... Fear!
I don't want to raise a child in a home filled with fear!
But if you can conquer your fear... maybe I can conquer my fear of having a baby with a father who's fearful.
Awwwww... a bad call by Ravine.
I knew he'd made threats to kill you and mutilate your reproductive organs... ...so I got on the train too... so I could warn you.
This is Lola, um... (nervous, defensive) Um?
The right foot is turned slightly inward and falls with a hard limp.
They squint, eyes adjusting.
One would think the counsel is veiling a threat.
Do you hear me?
We'll worry about this tomorrow.
SUDDENLY, Edie tunes in to what is going on.
Moving like lightning, he jumps onto the roof of the police car McManus Give it up.
SUDDENLY, Keaton turns with a start.
Saul sits in terror behind the wheel.
SUDDENLY, the ceiling hatch opens and McManus' arm comes out.
A strange threat.
It's a logistical nightmare.
Behind an old and weathered boat in dry-dock, Keaton and Verbal watch the boat from the shadows.
He turns and goes to call out a warning to Keaton.
+ SUDDENLY, he stops dead in his tracks, looking up at the boat.
Verbal looks into Kujan's eyes with genuine terror.
I WAS AFRAID, OKAY?
What if you miss?
You'll watch over him?
I'm watching over you, Will.
You threatened Miss Swann.
Are they come to kidnap you, miss?
I'll drop it!
You're serious about this.
Oh -- did I forget to mention that?
Do you have the courage and fortitude to follow orders and stay true, in the face danger, and almost certain death?
We lay anchor before dark.
We're here to rescue you! (sounds of pursuit, approaching) It's going badly!
... you were in danger ... so I took the medallion.
No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock.
I'm afraid we do not have any ladies' clothing aboard.
What was begun by blood, let blood now end!
You'll proceed directly to the infirmary for eye tests, blood tests, urinalysis, pregnancy test.
Here you will be trained to infiltrate hostile territory... to be the real- time eyes on the ground... to recover assigned targets and, if need be, to fight your way out under adverse conditions.
"A sociol..." Kill the interviews.
England went out with a stress fracture.
Excessive killing only risks compromise... S.E.R.E.
That's what I hear.
Wick.
Nah, they were dead-ass asleep.
Well, it's been said that the only man the President fears -- ain't no man.
This is insane.
Dismissed.
What changed?
(to her caller) Margaret, I'm getting the feeling this is an anxious day for you.
Paul? (startled) Holy-- Margaret, you scared the wits out of me.
So what's your line on this?
What a shock.
I have a psychiatric disorder.
Oh, that's where you went.
If this is a -- (half asleep) What's going on.
Go away, now.
(nervous) Jimbo?
0ooooo, he's scary.
Is there a problem?
you finally open up--you pop like a blister--and it all comes spewing out--all your emotions--your feelings--your fears--all of it!
So you're chicken?
Want to go out and get drunk?
Should I kill them?
Miss!
So now I can do things like this! Cool, huh? Watch it!... Look out!... Whoa! Sorry, sorry.
Can you fly?
Who died?
The Exterminators!
The Obliterators!
What? (freaking out) You're the Sphinx.
The wise snake coils before he strikes.
It is hiding.
It I can't do it... you can blow my brains out.
It's suicide.
(stunned) It is?
He'll kill you!
(worried about him) Hey... you okay?
Mr. Frankenstein, we're being attacked.
Why did you hang up on me?
GIRL #l I got so scared my bladder rolled.
I get scared really easy, okay.
You gotta go with it.
Scary movies are great foreplay.
Knock yourself out.(silence)
Yes? What's your favorite scary movie?
What murders?
The entire horror genre was destroyed by sequels.
Horror films are only as good as their villains.
How can Freddie and Jason possibly be scary after they've been diluted through five or six sequels.
I'm sorry, baby.
You BITCH!
You bitch.
Pain."
It's hopeless.
(in movie) Oh, God, Billy, you scared me.
Do you hear me?
She's dead.
Dead.
Sorry it sucked.
You had us worried.
What'd I miss?
So... what's your favorite scary movie?
What's your favorite scary movie?
He's dead.
You shatter if you have to.
We're under quarantine.
He was with Sidney when she was attacked.
A bloody knife.
Watch out!
Watch out.
Watch out.
I need the police.
Are you in danger now?
I read her postings on the horror movie chat boards and fell hopelessly.
I guess fearing death makes one anxious.
God, Cotton, what a nightmare.
(weakly) Yeah.
Go away.
I got knives in my eyes, I'm going home sick.
A small one story house, slightly run down.
She came to me, who was she scared of?
What'd I miss?
Kara's mirror shatters, revealing a grimy dark wall behind.
(eyes hot on the Pin) No. Alright, so let's shake and blow.
Did she blow last night?
You turn on your heel and bite her in the throat.
Last week on the payphone, Pico and Alexander, she saw something she was scared of.
I rule.
Are you scared of rock stars too?
We can overcome death.
You hear me?
We'll get that sick M.F.
That's my other line.
I gotta go.
Devil's Kettle gets two nightmares in 24 hours?
There's a midnight showing of Rocky Horror at the Bijou next weekend...
I gotta go parlez French.
You scared?
I gotta go...
I need you frightened.
Am I hurting you?
I'm worried about you.
I tried to figure out an escape, but it was so dark out there...
And bleed you.
Sorry, darling.
They...killed you.
It should have killed me.
Watch.
Why did you attack me out there?
We're all concerned.
I'm real sorry about this sudden onset of teenage paranoia.
Your abortion.
Your other abortion.
She can fly?
Watch this.
It s reacting.
She s scared.
What the hell was that about?
Nervous?
I'll inject myself.
No. Oh god! NO! STOP IT! STOP IT! Pulse is 180 .... holding stable.
Is he dead?
So ... Stop there.
You look worried.
That's the rule.
I was beginning to worry 'cause your car hadn't moved.
Are you saying he's dangerous?
Where the hell have you been?
He's dead.
You're scaring me.
This is bad.
This'll hold him but he needs blood.
You missed.
How can you be so brutal?
Hang on.
(to the group) Wake him up, shake him up.
He copped to it.
He moves back toward the Businessman, terrifying him) ...I thought when you wanted to pet little girls, you picked on your Daughter...Ain't that what you rich people do...now you step off the Reservation and you want to buy me?
In this case they can.
Coked up, boat capsized...Both bodies washed up naked.
She fell off the boat.
She's dead.
Sir, this Candidate is studying knife fighting.
Don't you study knife fighting, son.
On the rear face of a hill, in a mortar attack.
(pause) And I confessed that I was frightened.
...I'm about as frightened as I'm comfortable being.
Jane gathers them and as she rinses them at the sink, she suddenly and surprisingly feels very alone.
So...the next time you go to a graduation, you'll be what?
(suddenly insecure) Why don't I show these to you when we get a little closer.
Is this about revenge?
(she's nervous just saying it) (rising) Be there in ten! See you there, Adler.
Pedro is asleep between them.
She goes at the chicken with the knife, slicing off a leg.
(whispers to Jane as Agness exits) She's got a really scary tattoo.
It's a-mazing!!!
A shadow falls over her.
Tonight was weird.
Still is.
They turn toward the house and on their backs we hear: And as they walk away from Camera, we: "415" written on a building.
The cops approaching.
(in Russian) Give me your gun and radio.
He was scared.
Scared of what?
The threat level clicking another notch.
Sheer panic now.
Bourne searches the rafters, looking for any threats from above.
Blood has splattered on the door.
Daniels isn't-- I'm worried about Bourne.
He starts to sink.
Where is your emergency?
You "disagree" he's a threat?
It was difficult for me...with you.
BOURNE stops and sees the car -- realizes the danger.
He lays DESH POV.
On final approach to JFK.
We have an imminent threat.
BOURNE walks out of a building, backpack over his shoulder.
Two CRI cars race down from the roof to try to get to the level Bourne's on.
The increasing volume of squealing tires alerts Bourne to a new threat, he pulls the officer into some cover and grabs the officer's radio.
Kale's hands shake from the SHOCK as his fingers search for the seatbelt buckle.
slowly slides down the outside of the door, then turns around on his chest, reaches his hand back down to Jeff -- Dad, here -- Jeff reaches up as a a few inches behind the SUV's rear bumper suddenly POP LOOSE.
What are you stopping for?
The house isn't that big.
What if he killed her, too?
I heard the door -- I'm sorry, the wind caught it -- Fine.
Oh, the... that dark orange.
Try to keep these in your drawers tonight, will ya?
I've gotta go.
The neighbor is also mowing her lawn and he's going to see you -- (full-on panic) Kale, what do I do?!
Do you hear me?
Dropped it.
When you were watching me?
It's dead.
It can feel pain.
Your chest is going to milktate.
Did you hear it's yours?
Sorry, Bleek... Going for my ultrasound.
I drink tons of booze so you might get one of those scary neuter-babies that's born without junk.
Junk?
He's the ultimate master of horror.
Dario Argento is the ultimate master of horror.
I miss it too.
His name is Mark and he's into old horror movies and he plays guitar.
What's the verdict?
(panicked) Ow, ow, fuckity-ow.
He had a big meet against Manteno and I didn't want him to get all worried about me and choke.
Scared shitless.
What about my revenge?
Now! You're fired.
Fired?
Were you scared?
Scared?
(stunned) You're...you're.
I was struck by freaking lightening.
Two Russian Migs coming in hard and fast.
Well, it appears they won't have to hold out for much longer as a new costumed crusader has suddenly stormed onto the scene.
What the hell's that?
I'm the villain.
What the hell are you doing here?
You scared the bejesus out of me.
Why did he have to disappear?
A plane? Going to Barbados for a little change in climate.
Swell.
Then I asked myself -- what's General Motors got to be nervous about?
(A sudden intake of breath) Oh! What would you think of starting off with dinner at the "21"?
That's what I'm afraid of.
At least that's something you'll never have to worry about.
Poor girl.
Jeff -- I'll be honest with you -- you're beginning to scare me a little.
Police?
Too bad.
I'm afraid it is, Tess.
Enough to scare me that you wouldn't get here in time, and we'd lose him.
(He looks up, reaches for the phone) We scared him once.
She'll be arrested!
The police have it by now.
Lisa -- I -- I -- can't tell you how scared I was that you -- you might -- (Affectionately) Shut up.
I need you to get me out of this.
They had to confront what a dark, dense, overabundant place might have hidden in it.
So I came up with the "ghost" plan.
This symbolizes the profound scarring their waning passion has had on the girl's psyche, how she became afraid to ever really love something because it would go away.
I gotta go.
I have failed.
Who the hell are you?
LAROCHE (cont'd) Screenwriter doing research for movie about notorious orchid poacher was found drowned in the Fakahatchee after accidentally slipping and hitting his head on a rock.
Bully for you.
(forcefully) I'm over here?
(a beat here) Okay.
(sotto to M.J.) Deep Throat's back.
I had a crank call myself-- he said... (a moment of real fear) I thought it might be Daryll Lee Cullum.
I'm a clinical hysteric, with panic syndrome, and anxiety neurosis, agoraphobic, I'm afraid of everything, real and imaginary.
You threatened to drive her downtown.
Fear of what... Open space.
I didn't used to think it was real... We'll get the paramedics... Oh, God, uniforms, more stress.
He slept over because I was a little anxious...
I'm worried about leaving you alone.
I want you to worry that idea like a loose tooth.
He's not going to attack me; what I' m rally afraid of is all in my own head, Ruben.
I'm afraid to sleep...
You're fired.
I'm worried about you.
There were two poor thing.
But no drugs in her blood.
(gently, surprised) You're afraid of him.
I was always curious about these twisted little souls, but this is the first one I've felt personally terrified of.
Doctor Hudson did not return our phone calls, today.
You've got a nickname around here -- "Deep Throat" from all the phone calls, I wonder if you know that.
A burglar.
It scared me...
Sorry to interrupt.
I think about you, worry about you all the time.
I stayed because I didn't want her to wake up alone in a place where she'd just been under attack.
Nightmare in here... I gotta have Ruben, and a... Outta your mind?
Homicide.
What are you afraid of?...
What am I hearing?
Then it should be more illegal.
The hell you will.
I'm afraid he may be investing too much in the B-9.
Dismissed.
I can't overestimate the danger of Thalaron radiation, Jean Luc.
I need to know what he has and how to neutralize any threat.
It was... a violation.
Should he? Are you prepared to have your hands drenched in blood?
But the Romulans abandoned the plan...
He's dying.
Dying?
(startled) What?!
I'm afraid that drink will have to wait, Captain.
Savage them!
They're stopping... What's he doing?
Don't worry -- Hell is dark.
Destroy them.
He'll kill you.
I'd be afraid.
You're crazy.
"Hawk."
It's a hawk.
Pressure in your chest?
No way I'm gonna' sleep with you.
Sorry, darling, I'm afraid you'll find he's not your type.
Did he scare you off?
It stopped.
Then he died.
Everyone's terrified.
Feel like rain? (feels his leg; shakes his head) No rain -- partly cloudy, clearin' towards evenin'.
I fear de sewer has backed up during de night.
Nextry, 'Thousands flee in panic -- ' (on page nine) 'Trash fire near immigration building frightens seagulls -- ?' 'Terrified flight from flaming inferno!' Thank you, much obliged -- Buy me last pape, mista...? Our father taught us not to lie.
David, confused, races after him, Les looks very worried as he runs with David -- Just for one little sip of beer -- ?
(still worried) One sip!
You were in jail...? Why?
It's late, my folks'll be worried ... What about yours?
An accident.
Scared of Brooklyn?
But Spot Conlon makes us a little nervous.
Well, he don't make me nervous.
David's getting more nervous.
David looks at Jack wide-eyed: "Me?" Scared to death, he starts -- as Spot's henchmen begin circling him like jackals.
thru thru 69 69 Weasel moves down a line of frightened young scab newsies clutching their papers.
You're afraid of them, too... Medda's gotta look out for herself same as anybody.
How can they make a whole city afraid?
I'm dark on Monday nights.
Oh, dear me... dangerous?
They start toward him and suddenly disappear -- straight down the trap door that's suddenly opened beneath their feet.
On what grounds?
I was in a war.
'The men who run this city are terrified of the Newsies strike -- because other child laborers in the factories and sweatshops are hearing the message of the Newsies leader --' That's you!
Can these words really be about him...? As we GO TO -- Denton reads his own words: ' -- And that is what terrifies the powers-that-be, for they know our city thrives on the shame of child labor.
This war'll do for now.
He's the one in danger.
thru thru 165 165 The huge PRESSES pound out papers; a LOUD THUDDING rhythm shakes the building -- The THUDDING rhythm seems very near.
You're fired.
Maybe that's what scares me... Suddenly, the emotions are too much for him -- he turns, runs across the square, not looking back, racing towards the coach.
But... how is he going to breathe?
It suddenly left us this morning...
I slept in a plane, and it wasn't too great.
Please move slowly, you're rocking the boat.
It's still here.
Is it ruined?
You're been warned.
You scared me!
You're afraid I want to hold onto you, and I do, but you're not ready... at least not for me.
Wake me up at 11:00.
Are you crazy?
Can you hear me?
You're fired.
Here, it's getting dark.
So have I. (a beat) ... Hello?
I'm still here.
(a little frightened) Are you okay? ... I think I love you.
What's the matter with you? (complete panic) Mamma, pesce di spada?
(shaking his head) No. Jacques is a creature of the sea.
(mumbling) ... How long was I asleep?
D'you hear me?
(in a panic) Jacques... Are you alright?
Wake up.
You going to pull a Big Gulp with that?
That exam was so bogus.
Which exam?
But I'm really scared.
Well then, I'll pray for rain.
Scary stuff.
Did you hear?
On the suicides.
We scare people into not being assholes.
I missed you.
I'm afraid though it's time to get your butt kicked.
Oh, I was scared of the same thing, Heather.
Strength, damnit!
That's what stops it.
(screaming) That's it.
(half asleep) Sleeping.
Should we stop?
(makes cat noises) Cat fight, cat fight.
Aw, I was going home to my Mamma's house... yeah, I was out doing this thing.
I know I hate Swiss cheese, the holes make me nervous.
This is crazy.
Why are we stopping?
Scare him.
Christ, you scared the shit out of me.
No, I'm was worried that...
(pausing) Yeah, yeah I'm sure the rain just slowed 'em down... yeah... uh-huh, yeah... no, no you can keep it 'til Tuesday... alright, talk to ya tomorrow, bye.
Oh, come now... we're all creatures of God and freaks in our own way... (twitches and shakes) ...but if you'll notice... (points to a blank spot in the painting) right here, needs a little something, heh?
You know, his senses start tingling... when he was approaching danger and shit.
Hmmm, that's a strange one.
Casualties?
Hang on.
What's the sense in risking six guys to save one?
Afraid of bad news?
FIRES.
Too slow.
CUTS HIM DOWN.
What about our grenades?
He crawls to the edge of the emplacement and freezes in the shadows.
FIRES.
Leaps onto the final German attacking Miller.
He looks down, stunned at his chest.
An instant of surprise, more than fear.
Stunned, lays Sarge down, kneeling next to him.
Foreigner?
Oh, Norman, you worry too much.
Wake up.
Accident.
A little worried.
Next you'll be sick.
It has spikes.
Where the hell have you been?
Who the hell is he?
Who the hell is he?
Oh? End of Church Street.
He's a crook.
What crook?
The Hell he did.
died in '72.
(worried) How much do we owe you?
You really scared me, you shithead.
It's my sanity I'm beginning to worry about.
(awakened) I was having a nightmare.
He suffers from nightmares.
I'm afraid you have to eat something.
I'm sorry I woke you up.
(horrified) This is too much.
The supernatural!
Now go away.
I think I'm asleep and you're a part of another bad dream.
Now go away!
Growl.
I'm burning up! Jesus! (shouts out in pain and fear) Jack!?
Why? Come on, we'll give Sean a scare.
Warn him?
I tried to investigate the attack.
That's insane.
I worried about you.
The murders.
Hopeless.
It's hopeless.
(worried) David, don't lose control.
No, I'm not being weird, you little creep.
Sleep fast.
Stay asleep.
I'm shocked.
Those wimps.
A hint of danger.
(scared) What's going on, Harry?
What key? (pointing like the guy's blind) That key right there! (to his men) Someone has stolen the key! (terrified, but thinking) You shoot me, this'll fall.
I'll drop it!
He was a little nervous about starting high school, so I made it.
You feel a little silly being nervous now, huh, champ?
So nervous.
We spend the time working on Mary Elizabeth's fanzine about music and The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
He shakes it off.
She's worried about him.
That's weird, isn't it?
It's really how I became a vegan-- I know I should have been honest, but I was getting so mad, it was starting to scare me.
Afraid of him.
Do you want me to tell you? (scared) Yeah.
She's fast asleep.
Stop what?
Poor thing.
Now, THAT'S a challenge.
You lose.
I was afraid you were going to bring that up.
(Beat.)
Hey, we should start a rumor that I'm having a pregnancy scare!
We have a problem.
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
Micah had panicked and used me as a scapegoat - to save her job and her marriage.
(Beat.)
All I know is once upon a time, there was a scared little kid in a closet at a party who wasn't ready for his first kiss and there was this amazing little girl who lied for him.
Why is Jack afraid of the open ocean?
It's me front I'm worried about.
Your key go to a chest, and it is what lay inside the chest you seek, don't it?
before attack ...up the... Sailor!
Down on your marrowbones, and pray.
Do you fear death?
Do you fear that dark abyss?
I'm afraid, Sir... Tortuga is the only free port left in these waters.
The deadman's chest.
Well, there is a chest... Oh, dear.
He wants the chest.
Stop it!
Jack! Guard the chest!
Not with the chest.
I shall pry the chest away from your cold... dead... hands.
What happened to the chest?
To arms!
?It'll ?attack the starboard.
Shoot!
Did we kill it?
Our debt is settled.
Open the chest.
D'you have the Compass?
(very nervous) Look, maybe we should think this over.
He'll kill her.
(raging, terrifying) Swann!
Dead?
Dead.
Superstitious?
Go away.
What a tragedy.
And he's dead?
I'm afraid she's not in.
Harm to whom?
(in mortal terror) Get it off me! Hokey enough for you?
(whispers) I was so afraid.
(nervous) What was that?
What the hell-?
Will you hear it?
Tell us... tell us... (in terrified awe) This is where we killed him.
Aah! Go on, bleed.
I am the darkest of the dark... Harry.
(to the Tellers) You! Hands on heads, drop to your knees.
PATRONS and TELLERS HIT THE GROUND, TERRIFIED!
The hostages sit shaking, crying... Scared beyond belief.
Watch.
Stop.
Gina sits at the table, shivering.
His EYES BURN through her.
Suddenly Gina's bravado disappears.
Suddenly a scared and lonely girl.
Stop.
Suddenly, another Black Clad DISAPPEARS UNDERNEATH THE Where'd he go?
If I worried about every threat made against me, I'd never leave the house.
POLICE AND EMERGENCY CREWS surround the house.
You're a murderer.
You're still here?
Then it came from the shadows and their laughter was drowned in blood.
He pulls open his robe, revealing a hauntingly beautiful tattoo of a Shinobi demon thrusting its blade into a lump of scar tissue at the center of his heart.
That's the word you're afraid to say? Ninja?
The panicked screams of the fleeing entourage co-mingle in chorus with gruesome death rattles of Hollywood's foot soldiers as one by one, they are eviscerated.
You hear me!
There is a whistle of metal and suddenly his severed hands are tumbling gracefully through the air.
After a moment, the ninja emerges into the moonlight, the way a shadow coalesces into a panther gliding from the dark to inspect its kill.
Her eyes REACT as suddenly a blade flashes from beneath the sheet, reaching for Raizo's throat.
Raizo stops, a flash of panic in his eyes.
Yeah...he's dead.
They killed him.
The night is his weapon.
A member of Russian intelligence.
He had seen many terrible things.... (beat) He was not a man to frighten easily.
But from that day on, when the sun went down behind the hills...in his eyes, I saw the fear a child has of the dark.
A security camera watches them enter the house.
Suddenly she realizes she is not alone; Zabranski is leaning against the door jam.
...A few cases.
We monitor for signs of stress, fatigue, mental exhaustion.
They're watching me.
So you can shake it for me?
Kill him!
When I get nervous, it helps if I talk.
So, you were an orphan?
Do you still have them?
Gagged, arms twisted with shiburi, blood streaking her pale and terrified face.
The two sprint from a stairwell into a concourse, Raizo stopping suddenly, sensing the presence of the Hanta- Kirra.
He turns to facing the dark.
Mika flies up the stairs taking the steps two at a time rounding the next flight-- A beam of light flashing weapons rattling suddenly trained on her.
She hangs up.
He will cut your heart from your chest.
Raizo puts his hand on her chest.
Raizo touches her face as she takes in a sudden breath.
Medic!
We'll lose.
A bombardment.
Shake thy hoary locks!
(a nervous glance at the door to Mary's bedroom Is she in there?
We've abandoned these 39 to the Devil that possesses them.
Go away!
- for cruelty.
Or you risk it all.
(whispering to Mrs. Who'd ever've guessed that old nightmare capable of such control?
Are you afraid of what lies ahead?
Go away!
Are you wicked?
And we've won the war.
(shaking her head no:) Overseas.
I smoke too much: my chest is sore.
It was too slow.
So you're a crook.
It was instinct.
Medication.
But the time-skips had me scared.
And...? I got sick.
I'm sorry -- I'm sick.
They're... for my headaches... What headaches?
He's got a knife -- I can't think my way out of a knife--!
I have a list here, in descending order of threat... Go on.
A coma?
In 24, dead.
You think I didn't spend my days on MDT devising a personal defense structure that would scare the shit out of the Israelis--?
You'll die.
Pa? (sudden fear) Where's Deborah?... (calling it) I only took one, ma... Topsy was hungry.
Where's she buried?
Lose it?
They're in the chest... (rising excitedly) By golly, the letter...
That's what scares me -- him findin' her.
A young buck fetched it in late last summer... (Ethan eases the grip) Said it belonged to a captive chile of Chief Scar... Scar?
Never heard of any Chief Scar.
Scar's band was headin' north... to winter in at Fort Wingate... eatin' agency beef.
But none of them was Nawyecky's nor claimed to know a war chief named Scar... He's the one the late Mister Futterman said had Debbie...
If you want to do some good, whyn't you ask her where Scar is? (grimly) She heard ya-all right... An' she knows... Unt osupanet cah-nay Scar? (meaning) (You know where Scar is?)
You ask her! Look! (she faces him) Scar?... (sign talk) Do you know where he went?
That camp you hit was Nawyecka Comanche... Chief Scar's bunch... (fascinated) Scar?
I know there were some captives recovered... (bitterly) Four of 'em dead... so we were told... (uncomfortably) Unfortunately, the hostiles murdered them as we developed the village... Are you sure they didn't die of carbine shots fired by a bunch o' Yank bluebellies so scared they couldn't tell the difference between a Cheyenne and a Comanche?
The other girl has risen almost in the same instant -- but more out of fear.
The boy got his skull cracked... Here's the girl... No... Well, we only got the one lead -- Scar...
Never heard of him... Cicatriz is Mex for Scar... an' he has a white girl in his tepee... Be seein' you... Buena suerte, Estrella... Hasta la vista.
(to Emilio) I came to trade, not to admire his collection... Tell him we're going to pitch camp across the crick... Maybe we can talk trade tomorrow.
You figger Scar means to kill us?
(Go away!)
She takes a frightened step back, as if to run.
Well, now, a man of my age just can't haul off and dance in cold blood... but if there's any of that wild cherry brandy of yours, Lars... (suddenly sober) Nooo... (change of heart) Yah, by golly...
(shouting it) Where's Scar, Mose... SCAR?
You were in Scar's camp... Ay-he... Made out I was crazy... (he giggles foolishly) Ate dirt... chewed grass...
I fooled 'em, Ethan!... an' I got away... Scar! Where's he holed in?
Ethan, you an' Martin are hereby appointed civilian scouts -- without pay... Charlie, hightail it to headquarters an' spread the word... Yes sir... My guns... Martie... don't go!
Did you notice them scalps strung on Scar's lance?
You wounded?
Sometimes we can't tell which technologies pose the threat of a monopoly.
I'm taking a shot in the dark, here.
Gotta go home.
You're scaring me.
Fire her.
I thought, instead of indulging all these paranoid delusions, risking my job, alienating Gary, scaring you, I should do something useful with my grief.
I was so worried about you.
And what's the risk?
He'd wake us in the middle of the night.
...Worse?
Wake up.
Stigma?
They fired you.
I gotta go.
(a hint of panic) Lay-offs?
I've done this house before.
So the dark paint wouldn't shine through the off-white.
(dryly) Big trees scare me.
They fired him.
Is there a problem?
(badly shaken) Where'd he call from?
The wind is.
(after a beat) Yeah.
In your arms.
She disappeared.
(startled) Yeah.
(dismayed) Nooo... she left the television.
Too bad.
(pointing to his chest) It isn't here.
Not at the house.
(to phone, scary calm) Listen to me, you worthless piece of disloyal shit.
If word gets out before we know what we're going to do, there'll be panic.
Who died?
Gotta go, Scotty.
(beat, reading) Should missiles or offensive weapons be placed in Cuba, it would present the gravest threat to U.S. national security.
We go into this split, the Russians will know it.
You're scared to cancel on Daly.
Damn right I'm scared.
We have a flight of Thunderchiefs able to respond within minutes of an attack on our planes.
But Castro's on alert and we're flying attack planes over their sites, on the deck.
It's an accident.
I hear you.
Back to work.
He didn't have to worry about nuclear weapons.
I'm afraid of spiders.
You're crazy!
You scare me.
Are you scared?
How awful!
With a razor?
Cut!
Beat it!
Tower.
Are you afraid?
I get strange shivers when I touch them.
Why aren't you filming in the rain?
You're crazy!
What the hell?
A rat.
Only a rat.
It's disgusting!
You die.
And worse!
And worse than before.
I'm going away.
I was so worried about you...
Your dinner is cold and I couldn't imagine what happened to you... Were you really worried about me or your stupid dinner was getting cold?
I worry about you...
When will you learn they fear you and they know how vulnerable you are now... if they can beat you down then they needn't worry about you coming back to haunt them.
They worry about me?
When it isn't --- (he slashes his throat with his finger) --- ZIPPPP!
You frightened me, Johann, I'm sorry... (softly) You have nothing to be sorry for... Fear isn't something controlled by man... fear can not be conferred with... there isn't anyway known to mankind where man can say to himself... "I will not be afraid"... Oh, certainly man can try to fight it... but faith and believing are man's only chance...
(yelling) YOU!
(to all the men) Aw, forget it... and that's probably his problem... he's forgotten how! (trying to suck him in) Wait a minute, you guys... show people have to be in a mood... (to Franz) Play a little music, like in a circus... There!
What the hell... ?
(venomously) What were you doing?
Can you hear it?
Hear it!
From a guard.
Wait'll you see! (a sigh of relief) For a moment there you had me worried.
What's so terrible about what we did?
I was only... (quietly, threatening) Look, it's not my order.
When you rule by fear, laughter is the most frightening sound in the world.
I was afraid to close both doors.
It's going to be dark soon.
(pressing close -- sensing his anxiety) Is it far?
An accident.
Escaped!
(his face close to Helmut's) Are you one of them, clown?
It's just dumb luck that the Russian and McKinney are the exact same height.
Wicked.
To have them executed.
Revenge.
That's an arm.
Drop it!
Two of them are scared.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
We gotta go now!
I'll kill you!
When's Romeo returnin' to the "hide out?' Soon as he's done apologizin' to his uncle for wreckin' his restaurant.
Just the ones who were a threat to us.
DJ... Trauma.
We've got pressure.
We still have pressure.
There are pressure suits in the Airlock.
It watches you.
I miss her.
She died.
In medical.
We've got enough to worry about.
Stop it!
He's crashing...
He got caught when the pressure doors sealed, one closed on his arm.
Watch me.
(growing panic) Starck, do you read me?
(whisper) Please... Oh, God, DJ, what do I... how do Please... kill... Oh God... Weir.
What...? Run! We're armed.
Your fear.
I am the dark behind the stars.
Where'd you hear that?
Stop.
It'll ruin it.
JIMMY (cont'd) They feel abandoned by our need for privacy and insecure because we no longer seek their approval.
You were scared and you were shaking.
I was scared at first.
About how your muscles looked and how dangerous it all seemed.
Stop it!
Bitch!
Stop.
You're so worried about that camera.
I owe it to you.
I miss you.
Is he dead?
He's dead.
It's the cops.
It's the cops.
Stop it.
He's dead.
You killed him.
Then we'll go away.
Stop here.
What I'm going to teach you will be frightening.
Do you hear that?
I die.
Yes, but, I'm afraid, okay?
Death.
It's the cops.
You're afraid if you get married you'll lose your muse.
Go away.
I must have scared the... I'm Harriet's friend, Charlie, and you must be... (hopefully) Ralph?
And... I'm gonna go now.
Boo.
About being a policeman.
Like the dream, you feel Harriet could be the one, so you start to suspect her of things, 'cause deep down you're scared that if she is the one, you'll marry, and marriage to you is death.
You're lying on your side, asleep, I could... stick a needle in your ear.
The truth is... I'm afraid that you are... (he can't) You're going to laugh.
Okay... the truth is that I'm afraid you're going to ki... leave me.
Gotta go.
Dead.
I'm on official business and I'm afraid I have to commandeer your vehicle.
(frightened) Harriet, I... I've been married before.
What was he in jail for?
You must be plenty worried about Lednov sneakin' up on us.
Then I was hanging on.
Afraid it will stop him growin'?
Stop worrying.
She's worried about where you're taking us.
So both of you stop worrying.
This is his problem.
That'd be swell.
But he had me worried -- that last one sounded so final.
That leg ain't good... We're staying here until dark.
Because I've been watching you.
I'll beat it.
And where he died.
It's the Intruder again!
(crowd gets scared) But X-Net opens soon!
Stop.
He escaped into a dark zone.
Tron attacked us!
You crashed him!
Try to attack Plexor head-on, this is what happens.
How do we attack Plexor next?
Flynn plans to attack me, doesn't he? Yes.
Heads shake somberly.
He's a control freak.
Sounds dangerous.
He takes up Tron's dark disk.
He buckles and shakes.
Rush looks worried for a second, ready to duck - Don't flinch, Rush!
Flynn Takes a hit in the chest.
I-beem shakes off his brainwashing.
X-Takks attack the group, including I-beem.
But Flynn - X-Takks attack along the ledge.
They're stunned.
Natasha, the Russian peasant, dressed oh-so-slowly...
What the hell?
Members of Antarctic research station attacked by mutant penguins.
Too nervous to speak.
Real God-fearing Americans live here.
I was a little worried.
I can't run around all the time doin' stuff or not doin' stuff because it's gonna make you worry!
(Stopping suddenly) Ssh...! Don't move.
(Suddenly dark) Hey -- I'm not kidding, Rudy.
That's too bad.
I gotta go.
You're fired!
Well -- And if I were you I'd be a little nervous about firing an employee I just had an affair with.
It frightens her.
They're watching you.
He is watching.
But back to work!
I'm afraid I am becoming ridiculous.
It's Kitty I'm sorry for--not you!
Oh, I'm sore with his feeding!
You're squeamish.
they say the Emperor dis- approves of the races . . . the danger of injury . . .
I can't bear you, I'm afraid of you, I hate you.
Stop.
Divorce?
What was the challenge about?
Die, then.
She's dying.
I'm afraid of death, though.
I'm afraid of her.
Stop.
The McCandless family increasingly panicked over Chris' absence, when almost magically, he appears in full cap and gown.
You scared the daylights out of me, jumping on to that stage, oh my god.
Suddenly a hot white light hits his face.
(as he drops the knife to the ground) Sorry.
Now Chris is worried.
Don't make me worry about you.
He walks out the door of his house into the street.
One-armed bandit.
Continue letter on screen: The stamp comes down onto an envelope addressed: Chris ports his kayak over the dunes, snaking a scar through the sand in his wake.
And I fear for the mother in her...
REVERSE ANGLE: The group of young runners, led by Chris suddenly veer off the paved road into the adjoining woods.
Chris shakes off the jog, picks up the jug, and we go with him around the side of the building.
He bends over to catch his breath, hands on knees.
You're crazy.
The bible says, "Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good."
You see any danger out there? (laughs) The fear's worse than the reality.
Did you hear him?
I'm going to get you out, okay?
A minimum close protection team consists of four men for high threat targets and environments.
You were never late before, I was worried.
I think she's afraid of me.
Are you afraid of me?
Angina.
He responds badly to stress.
I have to watch you now.
"I used to run through the streets of Neza because I was scared of being fucked with.
Stop here.
Can you hear me?
At the drop.
His lawyer.
Out with the flu.
Poor thing called in with a fever... Yeah... She's not speaking to me at the moment.
It's a disaster.
(holding down panic) Lisa, you need to leave.
I'm sorry I'm such a mess but they won't let me take a shower or wash my hair.
It leaves a scar that never really heals.
She said she had something for Kyle... (instant panic) Oh my god! Where's Kyle?
Friday night traffic's gonna be a nightmare and they won't know the results til tomorrow.
I've missed you.
I've missed you, too.
I'm a little concerned.
Did you hear me?
(in pain; terrified, Please... Please?
(suddenly behind her) Careful.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I have no idea what you're saying right now.
But I'm afraid I have to trust Floris on this one.
And don't forget, I comes before U. Floris, you're very nice, but I'm afraid Im in love with somebody else.
(upset) I'm afraid I... have no idea what you are saying... you bastard!
I want her to shiver in a spasm of ecstasy when I penetrate her.
(into phone) I gotta go back to work.
I've changed.
That was nasty.
Yes, yes, sweetheart, yes! Yes, yes, sweetheart, yes! (scared) What the fuck is going on?
I gotta go.
I have been to the dark side.
I'm nervous.
Um, I'm afraid there's not an empty seat in the entire house.
A scary dream?
Sleepy suddenly.
I am the Devil.
The devil was in it.
What the hell?
My nightmare is over.
(instantly nervous) Things?
Jim O'Connor, why don't you drop by and have a drink... (apologetic) Mrs. Kline, I'm sorry I'm late, but That's all right, but I'm afraid Billy was a little nervous... (she glances off screen) (to Ted, accusingly) You're late.
I was staying with this cousin of mine and my parents were supposed to come and pick me up by three, but it got later and later and they didn't and they didn't show up and I remember I got really scared that something had happened to them and I remember when they finally came instead of being happy to see them I was very angry and... Billy, I promise I'll never do that to you again, okay?... Billy?
Okay? (looking around nervous) It's very big...
(worried) Mom, I mean dad... (his mind elsewhere) Uh huh... That's not the right soap.
I promise you this is your show... Trust me on this one, Ted... (worried about something) Mom, I mean dad... (busy) In a minute... What do you do when an elephant sits on your fence?
(thoughtfully) Oh... Now go to sleep.
He has a scar, Joanna, from about here to here.
Don't let the bedbugs bite... (almost asleep again) See you in the morning light... (scared to do what he is about to do) Look, ah... Ted.
(panic) What?! What do you mean, I don't understand.
I need a job.
Does that distress you?
Are you going to get remarried?
(shaking his head) No. Will you and mommy get remarried?
Overruled.
(to the judge) While the child was in the care of the witness, he cut his face badly and is now scarred.
(worried) Daddy, what if The Face comes when I'm at mommy's?
I don't know, maybe that's all love is anyway... Ted, I think Billy should stay with you... (stunned) What? (she reaches out, takes his hand) He's already got one mother, he doesn't need two... He's yours... (her last ounce of reserve crumbles) I won't fight you for him any more.
Could he simply Talk to her! Just drop his fears and go?
Hiding?
And he was your Fagin and Stephen was his Artful Dodger, but it ended suddenly and badly.
You missed it?
THE CURATOR (cont'd) A little fear might suit you, I think.
Only as the creepy Frenchman.
Smugglers.
Bloom silently shrinks back in terror.
Penelope slumps pale faced in dark glasses.
Only movie thugs and Russians deal in suitcases of cash.
A schematic of the castle laid on the kitchen table.
When Penelope lifts her suddenly brightened eyes in a moment of divine inspiration, Bloom meets her gaze with fear.
Scared.
Fuckin scary.
Is this going to be more dangerous than I think, tomorrow?
We're obviously not going to deal with real Russians.
Our "Russians" have arrived.
To play the "Russians?"
Make it scary, think a movie version of the Russian mafia, but don't hassle her.
Malnourished and scared.
BLOOM (cont'd) You don't need to be afraid of him anymore.
I'm going to be sick.
He punches the dashboard again, helpless enraged and scared.
Then he's still.
The clock suddenly gives a discordant chime as it sounds the hour.
(In Russian) Shall we begin?
And in it is a long, bone-handled KNIFE.
But beneath the grime he's tanned and his eyes have a dangerous, feral edge.
Guillam sits at his desk over a pile of paper-work, slowly falling asleep.
We have Witchcraft.
Not much, I'm afraid.
What if each of us, whether we knew it or not, represented a threat to the Mole?
Changes.
Suddenly Irina withdraws.
And weaknesses.
It's dark outside.
Thesinger is asleep at his desk.
As the grave.
Suddenly he POINTS STRAIGHT AT HIM.
He breaks off in sudden impatience with himself.
Because he's a fanatic.
Thief?
That's what I'm dropping off.
He stops, seeing the anxiety on the boy's face.
As soon as the door is closed Prideaux crawls under the little chest of drawers, grimacing with pain, working an arm further in...
Prideaux shoots him a dangerous look.
In their panic, both men are addressing each other, momentarily forgetting Smiley.
(Suddenly) We are not the prize.
We're the bait.
Esterhase watches the approach with mounting anxiety.
The files were delivered to a Russian attache, weren't they?
Esterhase straightens himself, runs a palm through his hair, real fear on his face now.
Two men's voices start to speak in Russian.
A nervous Lacon is waiting on a corner, Guillam runs past.
It's bait.
Sir, the Speaker of the House attacked this administration on national television.
Get him one of the Russian beers.
We're under attack.
Fear will keep you alive.
You have one hour before we start killing hostages.
It'll wake you up.
This is an emergency.
This is an emergency.
We don't negotiate with terrorists.
(frightened) Maria... Maria Mitchell.
Scared.
We're scared.
And why are you scared?
Do you have to be so brutal?
That was war.
You can talk me through an emergency fuel dump.
Okay, hang on.
It's cut.
We have the hostages, we're getting more fuel.
My husband does not negotiate with terrorists.
This administration does not negotiate with terrorists.
This is your last warning.
Tower.
Tower, here.
The flu.
Is there a problem?
Everybody talks about how you left the Agency and got into the business and then how you went after the Russian, Nicholai Talinkov -- Tachlinkov.
Slow down.
He said he saw a woman with dark hair going into the building when he dropped it off.
You don't know that -- you're trying to scare me.
This is crazy.
I had an opponent.
A risk.
So? Do you hear them?
I mean, you make me nervous.
You're intimidating.
Because ten years ago, I was sitting in that chair, as scared shitless as you are now.
That you're sweating your balls off and I'm not.
(then, beginning again) My knees still knock when I do my free form.
On top of everything else, don't make me worry like that about you.
Chenille, her girls, that identity crisis Diggy.
She sounds suddenly defensive.
Patrick's suddenly intrigued.
Try gettin' up in the middle of the night to change diapers and give him bottles or stayin' up with him when he's sick and havin' to drag your ass to school the next day.
She turns, startled, a little afraid.
I get sick of that.
I gotta go.
Disappear.
I'm over a barrel and I need a job.
I was feeling a little sick at my (Impatiently) Well?
I couldn't let it out of my house.
Where's the fire?
That's why I took this job -- ghost writing!
C-3 A BEDROOM IN TIiE MAIN HOUSE Whose room was this?
To recover that knife you stuck in my back?
Dark Windows.
Go away.
They're awful.
Dark Windows.
I hear she was a terror to work with.
I was a little worried about the line of my throat.
I had a nightmare and I screamed for you.
(On the threshold) I don't know why I'm so scared, Joe.
Were you in fear of bodily injury?
When you have a stroke I'm going to abandon you on a park bench.
That lawyer.
Beat.
You're so retarded.
I surrender!
He killed himself.
T, What happened in the kitchen?
Wounded?
Stop.
Beat.
You slept with an Eskimo?
Beat.
Her eyes are sunken and she's fighting sleep.
(to Diane) She's asleep.
Beat.
A light rain falls.
And half of you says "Danger! Stay in your cave!
What are they nervous about?
They're nervous about everything.
She misses me.
Are you arresting me?
You hear me?
(after a beat) Yeah.
Why? You're the shrink.
There was a killing.
Used a knife.
Am I... disturbing you?
(scared) What are you talking about?
No. Come on -- I'm going to storm into his office in front of everybody in the afternoon and then that night I'm going to kill him?
I'd miss you.
I'll risk it.
What is your problem?
It was awful.
It scared me.
She's evil.
.38 revolver.
(after a beat) You did.
I missed you.
She kills him.
What the hell was she doing here?
The alarm was armed and we even had to cut the security chains to get in.
That is scary smart.
And you were worried that this was going to be unpleasant.
Bang.
Bang.
That's blackmail.
It's darker tonight than it was on your night.
That would be too dangerous.
What if we killed him?
That one's creepy to me.
I've been afraid of this since the day she was born.
It was slightly wet when whoever it was tracked it into the house and it stuck to the carpet fibers.
Do that outside.
The feeling will go away.
You were having a nightmare.
You want me to write it on my chest?
Hopeless.
Hit me in the chest with this... I'd kill ya.
(beat) So...
Crash?
Shake off the pitch.
Why you shaking me off?
In some profound way I fear that a last place team is a reflection on its women...
I think I'm gonna be sick -- Oh don't be silly.
Death is nothing to be scared of.
Crash...
Hi Crash.
I'm nervous -- my old man's here.
Nuke's scared cause his nostrils are jammed and his old man's here, we need a live rooster to take the curse off Jose's glove, and nobody knows what to get Jimmy and Millie for their wedding present -- there's a whole lotta shit we're trying to deal with -- Oh.
You missed him!
Crash says I gotta quit worrying about him -- c'mon, honey, we got a lotta catching up to do -- Nuke -- we do need to talk! (on phone) Hello?
(beat) You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance.
Fear and ignorance.
The funny thing is, I stopped worrying about Nuke.
Master Yoda, do you think it will really come to war? Worse than war, I fear...
Why couldn't we see this attack on the Senator?
And only those who have turned to the Dark Side can sense the possibilities of the future.
It's not an intruder I'm worried about.
It's dangerous near those power couplings!
Slow down!
Sorry, M'lady.
Sorry, M'lady.
Take good care of Dorme... the threat's on you two now.
I worry about you.
Suddenly, I'm afraid... I'm kinda scared too.
Recently I've been seeing her in my dreams... vivid dreams... scary dreams.
I worry about her.
They worried About me during the blockade and couldn't wait for it all to be over.
We've been worried about you.
It's unthinkable!
We were so worried.
(to Anakin) Is she? ...Yes... I'm afraid she is.
I think you're afraid to.
Cut it out.
My heart is beating, hoping that kiss will not become a scar.
He is anxious to see you.
(they shake hands) This is my girlfriend, Beru.
Please, please, I don't wish to have emergency powers.
It has nothing to do with politics, I'm afraid.
(Artoo beeps) You're scaring me!
(unaffected) Oh, how ya doin', Rex? Were you scared?
I was close to being scared that time.
An alien!
Buzz!!!
Now, it was an accident!
From the outside!
Stop it, you -- !
Once we go into Sid's house, we won't be coming out.
They're cannibals!
Buzz!
Buzz?
You sunk it!
Buzz!
It is Buzz.
Buzz!! What are you doing?
I'm out! ...almost ...there (nervous laugh) (in his sleep) I wanna ride the pony... Woody!
And Buzz is with him!
It is Buzz!
Hang on!
(Gently) That's creepy.
You take it up with them, I gotta go.
I'm here to warn you.
Where are we on this gun?
What the hell have you been doing.
I'm - prosecuting you.
On what grounds?
Arguably, in fear for his life.
Her rules.
Escaping.
To change.
We were scared.
It was like we were afraid to go forward, but we couldn't go back.
Shake the boxes.
The cereal boxes - shake 'em.
The hell are you doing here?
The gun is here.
She's reacting.
Hang on.
It's over, Hunter.
All right, tycoons, let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.
Where the hell are we?
Infrared -- noise.
Do you hear me?
What killed it?
So they died.
He died.
Still worried?
It was a warning.
(turning sick) Oh... God...
It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive.
It's dead.
(very nervous) Well, what the hell good can we do in here?
The parasites won.
It escaped.
(picking up the cat) Poor kitty; puss puss puss.
And the creature with it.
We'd be broke.
The flamethrower needs more fuel.
(horrified) Should we go outside and bring him in?
No good... it's eaten too much of me... (in horror) What can I do?
I'll be watching over you.
We've got minutes until it hits, not hours...Victor, that storm's deadly -- the radiation's lethal.
I was worried about you.
I should have done more, run more tests -- It was a freak of nature.
That is disgusting.
Hello, Operator?
Baby, you're scaring me.
It's still me.
What the hell is this?
Lose them.
God, I've been so worried about you.
Victor, your scar -- I told you, I'm fine.
It's you I'm worried about.
It was a catastrophe.
How bad is it?
Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask -- Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your -- O-kay.
And they're changing into...
I'm gonna go kill him now.
Your nightmare...is my dream.
Worry about yourself.
Remember our first date here...? God, I was so nervous.
I'm worried about you.
Stop him.
I'm sorry, sis, for leaving you guys -- No, I'm sorry, for pushing you out.
Painful...?
It's too dangerous.
Nice scar yuh got there.
Too bad, too.
She's afraid they'll deport her because she's illegal.
(fear building) This kid's threatening me and all he's worried about is a lawsuit.
(nervously) ...
(panicking) Look, I didn't mean nothin'.
They're still there.
Where's my watch?
Blood is everywhere.
Cesar emotes a silent panic-stricken scream.
(reticently) Hi. (concerned) Where'd you go the other night?
(still half asleep) What's the matter?
You're scaring me.
Spray painted threats like, "YOU'RE DEAD," "187-UM," "TEACHER-K" (crossed out) and a CARTOON VERSION OF Dimly lit.
Vato's scared.
He's crazy.
He's dead!
What's the big emergency?
Stop it.
Moving too slowly to be a comet or meteor, astronomers are baffled as to its origin... NEWSCASTERS (cont'd) (filtered) ...Widespread panic has gripped the countryside as thousands have taken to the streets and clogged the highways.
Can we expect the same kid of panic here as in Russia?
There are a lot of very frightened people out there right now.
They're going to attack... You're being paranoid.
That thing scares the piss out of me.
You hear me?
Who? Stop it!
What the hell's he doing here?
Fire at will.
(beat; scared) I'm not goin to die like mom, am You're going to be fine.
Can they be killed?
Mommy, we were worried.
(through tears) I'm scared, Tom.
What the hell are you doing!?
We've gotta burn the rain forest, Pops.
But from annihilation.
Hang on to this.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm out of missiles!
You scared the hell out of me.
What's wrong mommy?
You abandoned your kids!
Too bad.
Phillip wants to learn but he's always afraid he'll fall.
MEL ANIE (cont'd) He's afraid of the dark and cries himself to sleep at night saying his mommy doesn't love him.
You're dangerous.
What is your problem?
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
You guys got scared.
Gotta go.
Too bad.
You're afraid of your maid?
Of the divorce?
Bad.
Ned, it scares me to talk about these things.
I'm afraid to call.
I was afraid you wouldn't let me come.
I'm afraid of him, Ned.
I'll divorce him.
Why torture ourselves about it?
He has a gun! Where?
(shakes her head) No.
I'm afraid the problem is elsewhere.
In writing the will, I'm afraid Mr. Racine violated what's known as "the rule against perpetuities.
It means, I'm afraid, that Edmund's will is invalid.
I'm sorry our town is so hot for your visit.
Oops, gotta go.
I'm a little worried.
Yeah, I was afraid of that.
You ought to stop by one night and have a drink with the worker bees.
It's long form... he's flying in... Is Paul going? No, he won't be back... Ben and I are taking you... ...Don't tell me anyone's died... Hey Stephen... Who is this?
People are scared of you because they don't understand how you do it, and they love you for it.
That scares everybody and they all run and they hide.
We don't have to bomb anyone we don't have to invade anyone!
House members won't do.
She's threatening to release the story.
I Gotta go.
Shit, you scared me.
Nine times out of ten the fear candidate tends to be the most experienced...but in our presidential races the least experienced candidate almost always wins.
So he fired you.
Who's unstable.
You need a job that bad Stephen?
We're having a blood drive.
Now stop it.
Oh, they're calling me, I gotta go.
* Stop it.
I gotta go.
Rules ?
I feel bad for him.
y What the hell is that?
A sudden stream out of one * nostril.
That's what I'm worried about.
(nervous) I think so.
(scared) An, you can keep the cart if you like.
I miss him.
I'm afraid we under- ordered, sir.
I miss you.
I t's dangerous out here.
"Pain".
McGRATH Don't let the ear scare you.
(clears throat to recover falsetto) Looks can be deceivin'... dark stranger.
This gun?
What, are you afraid you're wrong?
I see a big ole spider up on the wall.
(over pipe) Who the hell's Miss Escobar? (grabs horn) I'm a frightened, starving, half- naked young woman who only wants to find her father!
What the hell is this?
I'm afraid it can't be that you're alive and well...
THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 77. is awakening from the effects of the billiard ball gas and tries to control her sense of dread and loathing.
I miss me, too.
Uh... There's a spider on your hand.
He puts the spider down into the sand.
Gordon suddenly disappears OUT OF FRAME.
Then, as or two heroes follow the tracks into the distance... towards Spider Canyon... Now... how about admitting you were lost?
The only change is that now a line of ants crawls across his face.
A shadow falls across them.
What the hell is that?
Intrigued.
But she probably shouldn't be teasing a man who's having "ghost aches" in certain amputated places.
A beat.
Knife Guy does a bad-ass series of moves.
West, unimpressed, retorts with a lame shake of his stiletto and boot.
And the fight begins... Knife Guy attacks!
West narrowly escapes each thrust of the knife, and attempts a kick to the groin... but comes up short -- The stiletto collides with one of the blades and snaps like a carrot.
How did we arrive in this dark situation?
And I'm so cotton-pickin' afraid of heights.
A beat.
Avoiding stress isn't the secret.
Trouble sleeping?
Gotta go wider on the public awareness campaign.
Sir, I'm afraid he's insisting.
I'm afraid my protocols are being overwritten.
This is urgent.
Scared of a little lightning?
Stark, we need a plan of attack!
Attack.
I missed you too.
With the Bifrost gone how much dark energy did the Allfather have to muster to conjure you here?
The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you idly threat.
You threaten my world with war.
It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does.
It's a nightmare.
I dread what he plans for him once he's done.
I was good, until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk!
Get him through the dark!
Are you an alien?
I got...I gotta go in though.
We need to get out!
I need men in these buildings.
Slow them down.
They're dangerous.
(re: Deng's weapon) Givin ya problems?
Are you military?
You crazy?
Even here they worry the LRA will attack at night.
The LRA attacked a village last night.
Me too, bug.
I'm sorry, buddy.
Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
-- out! -- In your actions you give service to the Lord... ... he's not interested in your good thoughts... your good intentions... he wants your hands... your backs... your sweat... your blood to pour into the foundation that will build up his kingdom!
What you are doing is noble, but too dangerous.
But I'm scared.
Scared one day I'll close my eyes to all this and make it somebody else's problem.
I wish you was there to pray with me, buddy.
It's ok -- we are a relief convoy -- We have only medical supplies -- non- Get on your knees!... Get down!... On your knees or we will take your legs!
They are scared once again.
But now they are scared of you.
I am worried about my friend.
We were so scared.
Stop!
(to the soldiers) Go on.
(beat) I'm...
I gotta go.
She's dead...
They killed her.
...and is that serious?
I'm gonna go.
You don't care who gets hurt.
I'm swell.
The hell with it.
(beat) I...
This is an emergency.
I was scared.
Scared you were gonna take one look at me and change your mind.
Scared I was walking into heartache.
That was me, that's what I was scared of.
He'll kill you.
What fear?
What's her greatest fear?
It's drowning.
What the hell is this?
So they'll have guns.
To do this robbery.
Hell.
What you gotta worry about first is the guards.
There's a security camera room that videotapes everything.
They'll have alarms.
Hell.
Hell.
Is he contagious?
Well sir, he's quite seriously deformed, and I fear the other patients would find him... rather shocking.
We don't want to frighten him more than he already is.
...As I said, it's only a physical problem... but I do feel that Mr. Merrick is very flattered that you're taking the time and trouble to meet him, and he's most anxious to make a good impression, so he might seem rather nervous.
I'm afraid that they weren't very encouraging, but they said they'd bring it up at their next committee meeting, so we should have their answers shortly.
The patient has an overwhelming fear of returning to the horrors of his past.
...terrible though his appearance is, so terrible indeed that women and nervous persons fly in terror from the sight of him, and that he is debarred from seeking to earn his livelihood in any ordinary way, yet he is superior in intelligence, can read and write, is quiet, gentle, not to say even refined in his mind.
He has been called The Elephant Man on account of his terrible deformity... ...His appearance is so terrible that woman and nervous persons fly in terror at the sight of him.
I'm afraid so, Mrs. Mothershead.
We don't want to scare him.
(still laughing but a trifle scared) Come on, Jack.
Aw, Bytes, he's sick.
I miss her.
Is he... dying then?
(worried) Dad?
Is it swelling up?
You get a nervous mother and you end up in a doctor's office and that's worse than school.
He's missed...
I'm so worried about falling behind.
You hear me?
(to Ferris) I'm scared shitless, Ferris!
I said for her to be there alone and you freaked!
Death.
Is there a problem?
Are you guys worried about nuclear war?
(dramatic, deadly serious) Do you know what a nuclear winter is? Yeah.
And SAT scores and acne aside, we worry about lonliness.
I'm very ill and I'm afraid... condition, I could take a DELIVERY MAN nasty spill and subject absenses... ROONEY (pause) at their places of DELIVERY MAN business.
It is a problem!
For him it's a problem.
But it's a problem for him!
I went home to confirm that the shithead was ditching school and a guy broke into the house and I called the cops and they picked me up for making a phoney phone call.
This is a shock to me.
For whatever reasons she did it, I think she'd had a good scare.
We've been worried sick! (to Rooney) Thank you for bringing him home, Mr. Rooney.
Suddenly he stops short, caught by something he sees O.S. Excitedly he points and begins to shout.
You damned near scared me to death!
(with concern) Are you worried about tomorrow?
(willing, but flustered) What, right now? - 48 - Wait, I'm afraid of heights!
(gasps) Oh, my God! It's terrifying!
She takes hold of it, then suddenly softens with a look of slight surprise.
- 49 - Oh...you are scared...aren't you? (seriously) Not really.
You are...You're trembling.
Rape?
We're shooting.
Raymond suddenly throws his hands up in despair.
Cameron enters, pausing so his eyes can adjust to the dark.
He's starting to panic.
Burt reappears, his face now toward camera, wild with terror.
That's where it stops.
(appeasingly) I wanted to, but I was scared.
If we were frightened, we woke each other in the dark...we slept in each other's arms... (interrupting) The word is "fuck!"
Why don't you let the kid go before he gets hurt?
The room is semi-dark, except for the nightstand light on Cameron's side, by which he studies the BOOKLET Eli gave him.
- 112 - (still in her own world) (eyes on the book) (not looking up) (reading) (jumping out of bed) - 113 - ...and you are beginning to scare me.
(he hangs up) For me.
Will I need a bayonet too? everything, the lady is afraid of him.
She stares in shock and horror.
- 132 - (tense and frightened) ...Then...I see this thing glowing in the dark...I hit that floor so fast.
That second I was sure...it was Charlie...a cigarette butt, some guy on a V.C. Patrol!... (his panic subsides) Know what it was?
I was freaked out of my head!
And, suddenly there's this big flashlight shining in my face.
It was a cop.
(suddenly serious) Oh, my God.
He died?
The needle hits sixty-five -- seventy -- climbing fast.
The needle hits eighty -- eighty-five.
Suddenly the red camera light goes on, the underwater camera behind him begins whirring.
Under the immense pressure, the rear window bursts inward, the river rushing in a wild torrent.
She gets out of the bath suddenly.
As they angle it up, Mark begins to panic.
He grimaces his way through it, but more in fear than in pain.
He screams, in fear more than pain.
Were you afraid at the thought of seeing me?
Suddenly, he panics.
It's too risky.
Mark grimaces, makes a strange noise.
At the moment he is fixated on penis- vagina and his anxiety is focused around that.
The root of his anxiety is his parents and his religion.
He has never seen female genitalia before and seems quite frightened by the idea.
My worry now is that it's never going to happen.
You nervous?
Suddenly, and with a big yell, Mark comes.
Does that shock you?
154 154 Hi, this is Rod.
Still?
I had my suspicions.
Stop it!
And now suddenly I can't touch them?
There will be a big flood.
That's disgusting.
Wake up Lil'bee.
This may sound a little crazy, but here's what you got to do... (in Russian) Get up! Follow me! Yuri bear, what are we doing?
Move Lil'bee!
Get in! (in Russian) Down there!
(in Russian) Pull yourself up!
He's still down there!
I was so worried about you.
Mum, will this do?
Can you hear me?
Stop that!
All the stuff the writers are scared to put in their books because people will think they're sick.
You're a monster.
You still with me?
Don't lose faith in me because I blew a couple of exams.
Watch.
I should smash you.
That's bad.
I'm afraid after her husband died she lost her will to live.
You're insane.
I'm afraid so.
Where are you bleeding?... wake up.
What the hell is this?
This is your problem.
There is jail.
Your pronunciation would be terrible, but I could manage -- All right.
(poor liar) ...so, I heard a noise in here and became concerned... Wrong.
I got sick of it.
You? Swell.
What the hell.
I'm hiding a weapon in my breasts.
But it's the cops who are after me.
Oh, except you're staying in the car.
I gotta go.
What's the problem now?
You were fired.
Is that bad?
My bad.
Watch me.
Aw.
Gotta go.
My mom was worried I wouldn't have plans for Xmas Eve.
I can see the bomb.
(starting to panic again) Milo... Ok, Ok.
Oh my god, what happened?
It was an accident.
Fear will be your enemy.
I'm scared.
(rubbing her sore feet) Especially for a man in heels.
Slow down.
Why do you shut me out?! Why do you shut the world out?! What are you so afraid of?! I said, enough!
Is there sorcery in you, too?
Are you a monster, too?
She was scared.
It's too dangerous.
Ugh! Oops.
FROZEN - J. Lee (trying to scare Anna) Hang on!
FROZEN - J. Lee (cheery, to Kristoff) Hi! You're creepy.
(panicking) FROZEN - J. Lee Anna.
(scared) Who's this?
To stop me?
Stop.
(then...panicking) Now what?! Oh! What am I gonna do?
(moved) They did? (nervous ramble) Yeah.
I don't want to scare you, they can be a little bit inappropriate...and loud...very loud...they're also stubborn at times, and a little overbearing.
Um...I'm gonna go-- FROZEN - J. Lee (panicking) Kristoff!
Anna, your life is in danger.
Go away!
Get her! Get her! FROZEN - J. Lee Queen Elsa! Don't be the monster they fear you are.
FROZEN - J. Lee But I'm a danger to Arendelle.
Anna! Oh, you had us worried sick.
You poor girl, you're freezing.
I need to get to Kristoff.
The house specialty.
The truth is I'm a little worried myself.
For what? Oh my God, I'm so sorry!
See, now you got me worried.
I'm dying.
"Lord, I do fear Thou'st made the world too beautiful this year!
I've been worse.
Where the hell you been?
I was worried.
So worried you fell asleep.
I've missed you.
She fell asleep.
And cowardly what I did was.
Stop.
She's in the hospital now.
You're such a god damn saint, so above it all, but you're scared to death!
The wall shakes) two, (they pound again.
They make me nervous.
You scared me half to death.
I changed it.
What the hell are you doing here?
Who the hell are you?
(sarcastic) Oh my God... I'm afraid this is gonna be too hard.
The pain.
You gotta go there.
I hear you.
(scared, in over his head) Who've you been talking to?
I've risked my job here.
You had me killed.
Give up the ghost.
I was worried.
He's dangerous.
He'll kill you, too.
Go away!
The police!
She's a thief.
Ted, we've been worried sick ever since you escaped from the Ronald Reagan Institute For The Mentally Feeble.
Ted's a danger to himself, he's a threat to this mission and his behavior does absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East.
He might have his faults, but Simon doesn't know the meaning of the word fear and I need that in a man.
(looking at label) 'Fear,' to be afraid or over-anxious.
(nervously) That's okay.
Was it difficult?
Here, take one of these stress pills.
(to a male passenger) I'm afraid that leg's going to have to come off.
That's what worries me.
He's suicidal.
I'm afraid that computer is totally capable of taking control of that ship.
Get that bomb!
We have the bomb!! He's got the bomb!!
(looking at wristwatch) Are you afraid?
Are you afraid?
(to Stella) Are you afraid?
I can't afford to be afraid, Father.
(to Scraps) Are you afraid, Scraps?
Fifty-six percent of the passengers are afraid.
Heads between the knees!
What the hell's he doing here?
"That's nothing you need to worry about..." "What am I suppose to go to Michigan with you..." No, no, no.
This case.
This case.
The dungeon?
That trailer Woodward keeps in the school parking lot.
You've been in an accident!
They will kill you.
CUT!
My death?
Who are we supposed to be afraid of anyway?
And the military's at Woodward's house.
Mrs. Babbit, I don't believe the Russians have anything to do with what's happening in town-- but I'm calling the curfew because w-- Until you can tell me who's messing with us, I say it's the Soviets and we're at war.
You listen to me, I've got twelve thousand people in this town that are scared out of their minds-- they've got one person they can rely on -- it used to be someone else, but now it's just me.
So in the spirit of moving forward and avoiding more trouble, tell us where you put your research.
This case.
This whole evacuation thing's freaking me out.
We're going to the school to open the trailer Woodward had in the parking lot.
Where the hell you been?
-- whose house is this?
... It was an accident.
It was an accident.
-- come on-- damnit!
Can you hear me?
He was worried.
What killed him?
She's dying.
Gimme the big knife!
Gimme the big knife!
I'm gonna cut my throat!
Chrissy, gimme the big knife!
And now you're afraid because you found out the big part of you is a wolf that has the courage to bite off its own hand to save itself from the trap of the wrong love.
You are scared to death what the wolf will do if you make that mistake again!
Stop it!
I was dead.
I was dead, too.
This is your penance.
My lady friend has a personality disorder.
(Rose's comment strikes home) Ouch.
That's my predicament.
He says Hi. Bob stares out of the window, nodding, afraid he might start to cry.
Gotta go.
Suddenly the TERRACE LIGHT above them flickers and goes out.
Lyn and Bob sit in the dark.
(patting his pockets in the dark) Oh crap, can't find my...
His nervous looking MOTHER sits beside them.
strapped to his chest.
He stops.
Stop it!
Lyn starts to dance with a little more abandon.
(to the room) Okay remember everyone, we don't officially exist as a unit so I'm afraid there's no coffee budget.
Bill sits next to a nervous JEDI TRAINEE who is driving.
Terrified the Man sprints faster.
The SUV's are approaching a town and other cars have appeared on the road.
The Security Men on either side instantly lean out of their windows with their M-16's - aiming them at the cars which swerve out of their way in fear.
It's shock, okay?
It's just the shock.
If you start panicking now your heart's gonna stop.
Non-lethal mine, catapults the fucker up into air.
Attack Bees.
It's the Dark Side.
You missed them.
Little squirmy, creepy things that live in your intestine and... Please... We have an appointment in a half hour... Wow, sounds stressful.
We're lawyers.
I don't need a blood test.
Which is fine, except you're marrying my daughter and I'm afraid my grandchildren are going to be little assholes.
If I were you, I'd worry less about the shower and more about Rick's bachelor party.
Before or After I have my nervous breakfown?
Gross me out... (concerned) What do you think's gonna go on at the guys' party?
You hear me?
(frightened) Holy Dung is this thing!
(nervous) Think so?
They hung me from the window so high up it was so scary I fell down... Take hold of yourself.
You mean it's... Afraid so.
No... Well, I'm sorry the noise woke you.
I'm dead.
I'll stop him...
(continuing) I'm glad no one is panicking.
They fear the worst.
They hide their faces in their hands.
But if you come to me with your friendship, your loyalty, then your enemies become my enemies, and then, believe me, they would fear you... Be my friend.
You watch yourself.
Then he took an ax, and chopped one man's feet off... Michael... Then the legs at the knees... Michael you're trying to scare me... Then the thighs where they joined the torso.
...who out of sheer terror had swallowed the bath towel in his mouth and suffocated.
He's suppose to be very quick with the knife, or was, when he was younger.
Are you worried about security for your million?
Operator.
Have they killed him?
I know you're not in the muscle end of the family--so I don't want you to be afraid.
I'll worry about Luca.
I was worried when we couldn't get in touch with you in that hick town.
That worries me.
There's going to be trouble.
(frightened) He's awake.
Hey, they'll be scared stiff o you, believe me.
How bad will it be?
We don't let Mike go until we have the hostage, Sonny.
The gun will be there.
(frightened) Amerigo!
My wife was weeping before she fell asleep, outside my window I saw my caporegimes to the house, and it is midnight.
He has been killed.
That was my misfortune.
That was your misfortune.
She's afraid to.
She's hysterical.
I was afraid of this.
I need the job.
Well, you never can tell... (Vada gets worried look on her face) I might get a pet.
VADA?? What happened?? (extremely frightened and timid) My ball, I lost my ball.
I want you to show me how you see the world, your fears, your desires, your innermost secrets.
My fears and secrets.
I'm afraid I killed my mother.
It'll bleed.
I'm very nervous.
I stopped that!
It was..... Did I ruin this?
Stop it!
Vada there is no chicken bone stuck in your throat.
Why do you think she says that? Cause she gets scared of all those dead people in her house, and you know that saying, If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, well if she's one of them, she won't be as scared.
I fall asleep at the wheel.
I'm hemorrhaging.
(very weak, scared voice) I don't want, I don't need your help.... Vada, did this happen in the bathroom?
(beginning to look worried) I told him not to tease those bees.
He was allergic to bees.
(extremely worried) He's okay isn't he? (shakes head, near tears) There were just too many of 'em.
The bee stings!
(the minister notices Vada coming around the front of the room) He laid his hands on their heads before he left that place, let us pray in silence.
What?? The bees killed Thomas J, and I killed my mother.
I mean, be dangerous (Vada enters the back of the room) And unpredictable.
What the hell are you doing out there?
We reveal that CHEV'S car is BLASTING THROUGH THE INSIDE OF A SHOPPING MALL, screaming past frozen yogurt and Big n Tall shops, missing terrified shoppers by inches.
KAYLO nods quickly, freaked out.
KAYLO shakes his head NO.
CHEV disappears through the swinging doors to the kitchen.
LEX continues through the kitchen with a distinct lack of caution - everyone's been afraid of the big man all his life - drawing a gun from inside his coat as he goes.
Suddenly he jumps straight up in the air.
Chest is on fire.
He begins to hop around maniacally, taunting the COP, as everyone panics and tries to reverse out of the traffic snarl, SLAMMING INTO FENDERS, driving up onto the sidewalk, etc. (tossing the gun up and catching it) You want it?
HEV starts to burn the bike out as the COP hangs on, dragging.
EVE stops suddenly in front of her door - CHEV practically PILES into her.
The HOOD drops to his knees, eyes rolling back in his head, blood rushing from his nose.
CHEV is wearing DARK GLASSES to go with his 80's hair and jogger.
We see that KAYLO is duct taped to an office chair in what appears to be an old warehouse, knife to his neck, held by unseen captors.
A hand presses the knife closer to his throat.
(gulping) Yeah.
What the hell.
The poison?
How can we stop it?
TORE EMPLOYEES and CUSTOMERS start bailing out of the store in a PANIC as she approaches the front doors.
He's well dressed in a sportcoat, slacks, button down shirt and tie, flapping in the wind ... sunglasses, and look of brutal determination on his face ... I'm scared.
I'm the Terminator.
No, this was the best way for a guy like you: a slow, ticking clock... winding down... inevitable... non-negotiable... until... (cutting him off) Who the hell are you, anyway?
The PILOT starts to lift off in a blue panic.
CHEV has VERONA locked up; both men are fighting with just one hand ... VERONA manages to work his up to CHEV'S shoulder, where the steel needle still pokes through.
What buzz?
(he suddenly stops) You hear that?
What's a trouser snake?
My bad.
I hear that.
Steve, the tenor of Tinseltown is one of terror today, after the Federal Wildlife Marshal's Office learned that hot, new terrorists Jay and Silent Bob are targeting Miramax Studios for their next campaign of blood, violence and monkey-theft.
Sorry to interrupt, sirs, but have a ten-oh-seven on our hands.
Oh my God-- (to kids) Um--sorry.
(beat) The intruder cut Charles Leeds' throat as he lay asleep beside Mrs. Leeds.
That's the postmortem ligature on his chest.
You're insane.
Your hands are rough.
He was cutting her.
I shot him.
' (beat) That's when Graham had his nervous breakdown.
A fear of being gay.
Bur fear is not what you owe me.
(beat) 'Will Graham: you will learn from my own lips how much you have to dread.
That's what's missing for me.
I ought to jam this in your chest, and drain your heart...
Why fight it?
Fight what?
It's Dragon.
I... (suddenly realizing who he is) Oh, Jesus... Come in.
Well, okay, it's - Except that you were gonna be here at 7:30.
Gotta go?
Aw, you can sleep, hon.
We've incurred risks, Jerry.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm so sorry, baby.
Is that a problem?
There's no smoking in here, I'm afraid.
I gotta go.
A casket.
There are... rules.
What the hell?
I need to get off the plane.
(into casket) Hello there.
In a hearse?
Which parts the surprise: The fact that you're in a bright yellow hearse, the fact that you're dressed like something out of a horror film, or the fact that you're half a mile from the terminal and they're gonna have to walk across two runways to reach you?
We're drowning in triplicate!
I'm afraid we have no official notification of death.
And so soon... Sorry Barb, gotta go.
A big yellow car.
What the hell are you doing?
You worry too much.
It's a dinosaur.
You frighten him.
And now I've stopped.
If you want to catch someone in the dark, it's best not to turn on big flashing lights and make a loud noise with a siren.
I'm getting sick of sand.
(taking charge) Okay -- here's what happened tonight -- poor Christy came home alone and interrupted a burglary.
He sinks to one knee.
If she interrupted a burglary, she should have been here -- (moving to the bed now) -- she was killed where she is -- all the blood patterns indicate that.
Stunned.
He is with her again now, at the morgue.
And he's a burglar.
It's the middle of the night.
Luther turns the weapon over and over in his big hands... Burton is alone in his car, exiting the gate and driving * home.
Entering a nightmare.
NOISE in the b.g.
She had a point-21 blood alcohol level.
(shakes his head) Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night?
Seth enters and they shake.
What scares a professional thief like that?
... No... It's the truth -- you are worried about him -- this isn't your normal case -- his life may be in danger -- you can save him, make the call -- ...
(moving in) Kate, he's on the run and he's scared and he's right to be scared because he's going to get caught -- you don't know the heat on this.
Stunned.
Trembling.
It's worse for her.
Luther and Kate as suddenly the umbrella at their table is severed and starts to topple.
They'll kill you.
It's dangerous outside.
* Russell, a quick glint of panic, a gentle peal of feminine laughter.
PULL BACK to reveal -- Early evening now, getting dark, and the ambulance braking in front of the emergency room of a large city hospital -- -- as doctors and attendants with gurneys come pouring out -- A private room.
And now suddenly Collin is barely breathing -- -- because the other doctor's arms have viced around Collin's neck, forcing the air out of him.
He's young and power- ful and he's been in terrible situations before and he knows how to fight and he's been taught to defend himself and -- -- tough shit -- -- the doctor -- it's Luther -- relentlessly increases the pressure against Collin's throat -- -- Collin can't even gasp now -- -- his feet can't kick anymore -- -- his body starts to go limp -- -- his eyes start to slide up into his head -- -- silence in the room -- -- it's almost over -- -- which is when suddenly Luther lets go.
-- and now he jams the needle against Collin's neck.
A dumpster outside -- -- the gurney is there -- -- the figure isn't -- -- the sound of a CAR GUNNING into the night and we -- Seth coming out of the shower.
A White House SECURITY GUARD as Walter approaches.
-- Burton has blown his brains out.
(freaking out) Hey!
Why? (panicking) We should go, we shouldn't be here!
Dude, I was so scared going back, I thought there was gonna be guys there, and then you'd be gone, and there was this music in my head- We'll take the stairs, it'll be faster.
What did you say? (incredibly afraid) I didn't say shit, man!
Dude, this is the scariest place I've ever been in my life.
-white accent walls would go nice with a dark colored room, say a burnt sienna, but don't forget... Talk radio?
Wake up.
We were in the forest laying low.
Oh, I uh... (feeling his split lip) ...I got a cold sore, I've never got one before.
A cold sore?
Wait! I...I... No! Ow! Fuck, man! Stop it.
You hear that?
Stop it.
Bend over.
I miss you.
She was worried `cause I didn't show up to help with the locks.
Do I make you nervous, Corky?
She promised me it wouldn't hurt, but it was sore for a long time after.
What are you afraid of?
He came to see me yesterday because he was afraid Caesar figured it out.
I'll catch him in the bathroom mirror touching his scars.
Caesar was nervous, kept cleaning the apartment.
An accident.
It was an accident.
I'm getting nervous, really nervous.
This is an emergency!
This is the police, ma'am.
The police?
I'm still here.
I was so afraid you ...
It's why I'm still here.
Drop it!
You scared the shit outta me.
We was worried about you, Cease.
Actually, yeah, she was nervous about Gino coming, wanted everything to look right.
He made me help him, Mickey, God, I was so afraid.
Stop!
Right, which is probably why Lil was wearing a red wig meaning we are headed into a dangerous situation.
Accidental?
Where are we going to sleep?
Sorry we woke you up.
You didn't do your homework?
Why are you suddenly so interested in who I am going to see at night?
But now I'm afraid.
I am so afraid.
(handing him the diary) It _is_ dangerous for you to have it.
(suspicion and paranoia) What were you doing in my room?
I gotta go.
Stop it.
I gotta go.
Go away.
Buck.
(to Laura, a little afraid) What are you doing?
What are you afraid of?
I guess it must have gotten stuck in his uvula because right away he started to have trouble.
His throat began to flutter there like there was a wind blowing.
I had a severe headache and I was driving in the neighborhood so I just darted in and out of the house.
A little trouble with your parents is the least of your worries and something I am certainly willing to put up with.
(whispering threat) Stay away from me.
The trees... the trees... (confused and terrified) Laura... (from far away she screams) Right on time, baby.
You're unemployable.
Change?
Fly.
But I gotta go.
Nothing yet, but I'm gonna shake 'em own for information at lunch.
It's these two other guys that have me worried.
What the hell is this?
I'm getting nervous, Harry.
Did you kill him, too?
No need to worry about Melvin.
Kill her.
t Can you hear me? .
Can you hear me?
I'm in a predicament.
(points to one EEG; then the other) This is him asleep.
When he's asleep he manages to create a kind of reality.
kill them?
She holds the glass to her son's lips and gradually drains the liquid down his throat.
Everyone's asleep> I'm not asleep?
Fearing the worst -- What'd she say?
This is what they've forgotten.
Lowe, I ' m sorry, I ' m afraid I don't understand.
Scared.
They both watch.
I'm intrigued.
I had the most terrible nightmare I ever had.
Oh my God! Danny what happened to your neck?
I was afraid they were going to be there until next April.
That's swell.
He's still asleep.
I'm afraid it's advocaat sir.
And you are concerned about him?
And are you concerned about me?
Stop it!
Go away from me.
Go away.
I fear that you will have to deal with this matter in the harshest possible way, Mr. Torrance.
I fear that is the only thing to do.
Stop it!
Stop it!
And I'm afraid.
Oh god, I'm so afraid of... What?
What are you afraid of?
She sounded terrified.
I was scared.
I'm gonna have the police check on the house.
(beat) Are you there?
He killed her.
It's a flare.
Stop.
Because he was worried about me.
Why is he worried?
There's a ghost in my house.
Shit... Did you see that? (to ghost) What happened to you? Oh God...
He killed her.
Ever since the accident I've been worried that you'd been unhappy, or...
You were in an accident?
Nothing serious, this... (she indicates her scar) ...a minor concussion.
I think it scared the hell out of Norman.
What were you so afraid of?
That's not a metaphor, that's...And I panicked.
I'm sorry that I frightened you like that.
Bitch.
I miss you.
A ghost? Did you?
(to Norman) Everyone's very anxious to shake hands with our newest academic celebrity.
No. (beat) I'm afraid to ask what this is about.
(solemnly) It's her.
The ghost.
You let us worry about that.
That's an intrusion.
I worry about you.
You worried about me, too?
Solis is worried about me.
You miss me?
He misses me.
Now, suddenly, for one night, you need me again.
Is the hostage injured?
Okay, stop.
He was holding a gun on the hostages while he was talking to me.
His demeanor is calm and controlled, that's what really scares me.
You're crazy.
You think you can scare me off? (a laugh) Why don't you come in here and kick my ass?
You came here to threaten me?
The government.
Is there a problem?
Now I gotta go take a leak.
(to Roper) How are we going to get me in there?
What did you have to do, steal them?
I'll worry about that.
(in pain) I'm okay.
You crazy?
I'm allergic to bees.
I'm afraid I'm allergic to strawberries.
She died.
And you're worried about him.
I'm worried about him, he's worried about me, I ride my bike to school, he follows in the car, like I'm not supposed to know he's there.
And you crazy?
(beat) Okay.
(beat) I'll take you to the Russian Tea Room for pelmeni.
I miss her.
It is easier to be killed by a terrorist -- It is not -- Right, right.
But how am I going to get there?
I think I got nervous.
I'll kill him.
I was scared of what you were gonna do.
I'm afraid Dino's going to have to manage on leftovers from Pebbles and me.
The only thing that's gonna eat you up is -- me! (giggling, calming) I'm still a little scared... Pebbles, don't worry.
(as Wilma clears her throat) 'Bye, big sweetheart.
It looks dangerous.
Bankrupt?
Why? Oh, me and Barn, we suddenly realized that we had a little spare change.
Rubble!
Then Barney runs up, shakes him by the shoulders.
(genuinely worried) Oh, no!
That -- that's horrible!
Well, I wouldn't go that far... Suddenly they're interrupted by the sound of a SIREN.
Suddenly, with a crash, the doors go down!
It's uncanny.
The house is dark, forlorn in the fading twilight.
Suddenly both men (pardon, man and xenosaurus) react to an approaching SIREN.
(Note to herpetologists: The pythonosaurus is not quite a snake: it has little vestigial forepaws the better to emote with.
(panicking) Oh, geez, we're all gonna croak -- I neva shoulda left Far Rockaway -- Wilma gives her a big suspicious look -- blanching, the Headmistress slides down the cable -- The rescue teams catch the people in nets as they hit the ground.
Warning.
Warning.
I'm scared too.
Sadly I fear you have far more dire deeds in store for you.
Danger is everywhere, 'Yet the Space Captive is fearless as she...
Stop.
She's dying.
You're a monster.
She's dying.
Fight.
You should try to look less worried.
Kill.
And she finds- She finds that out here, in the dark and cold, she's scared, and she's kind of glad they're all together.
Evacuate.
I can't move him without letting the spiders into the ship.
A fate I fear may be inevitable one way or another.
Can you hear me?
(sounding out the code) Danger.
Slow down, now.
And I for one am frightened.
Wake up.
The pain.
Wake up.
Chertkov nods his approval, begins to worry his moustache.
She disappears.
It was difficult.
Closing his eyes, he begins to drift off when there is a noise outside his door.
Chertkov nervous, tugs at his moustache.
We push in on Sofya's anxious face.
She disappears.
What are you afraid of?
I'm afraid of you.
Your work is the birthright of the Russian people.
It'll be dark soon.
Sasha is overcome.
She's dead.
She's dead.
Sofya is suddenly clear, almost calm.
I am the leper outside the gate, while he sleeps with the devil himself.
The blood! Oh my God.
She is scared to death.
Then why's he still here?
Worried about Melinda and Hal?
(Toot waits) Okay, pray.
You crazy?
Kill it!
I can hear him!
What if he escapes?
That's swell.
Cup.
No salesmen in the middle of the night!
Why do you have so many scars?
You be still now.
I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I. We found each other.
--and how you pissed yourself like a frightened little girl.
Hell?
But when my friends are threatened and abused, I do not let it be.
I've been worried about you.
(scared) Who's there?
It's Buttle downstairs who can worry, eh?
I lift the wrinkles and worry lines right up into the wi- into the hairline, comme ca ...
Still is.
(panics quietly) (conspiratorially) Between you and me, Mademoiselle, today the number one.
(ushering them to the door) I'm sorry, but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work.
(depressed.
(indicting cheque) It's a refund ... I'm afraid there was a mistake.
Um ... Look, I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid I don't know anything about it ... I'm really just delivering the cheque.
Wait! Stop! Come back!! Girl ... fair hair ... (shouting) Wait!
(reading) Gillian Layton, age twenty three, eyes, blue, hair, black, weight, one hundred and twenty-one pounds, distinguishing marks, blemish on right shoulder, scar on left elbow It's a start isn't it.
For my sins.
You killed him?
(frantic) What are you doing?
Weird isn't it.
Anyway you're in danger and I think we should get out of here, now, quick!
(beside himself with panic) Alright!
Go away.
........... It's a bomb isn't it?
(anxiety giving way to anger) You don't deserve to be!
I was worried sick about you ... I thought ... (through kiss) They're gone.
I'm afraid I can't, sir.
I've killed you.
All this is going to take time and money, and I'm afraid, according to your bank statement and credit rating here, you're likely to be in deep financial trouble by the end of it.
Sam, I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
The odd thing is it appears to have happened twice ... a bit of a disputed call, I'm afraid.
I'm frightened!
Detonate!
Caroline turns to Toby, her face worried.
Watching?
And stop that.
Awful.
They're dying now.
While he was flying.
(as he shakes his head "no") He didn't do it.
You steal from Marian's purse -- I just can't handle you anymore, and it scares me.
Acting more like, 'Oh gee, I'm so scared, please don't hurt me.' Sort of like this: So I say, 'Excuse me, but what's the problem?'
I'm afraid I'll hurt you.
(taken aback) Jack, I think you've made your mother nervous, so why don't we just go on to Scouts and let her rest?
Because you're an alien.
I don't know what you -- Suddenly Dwight is across the floor and onto the bed.
Gorilla blood.
She's changed.
I turned around and walked back to him, acting so dainty and humble and scared, you know, all innocent -- and the minute he took his eyes off me, BLAM, I dry gulched him!
Ooooooh, oh, I'm so scared.
Suddenly a two-inch- thick manilla envelope plops down beside him.
Suddenly he jerks, looks down, and sees that the ring finger of his left hand is spurting blood.
I'll miss you.
That's crazy.
How was the war?
Stop it!
As the viewer, I get to decide what it is, I'm afraid.
(recorded) I told you, that makes me nervous.
Still.
Dangerous.
Dangerous.
Sounds dangerous.
They'll still be here.
(to Tabby) So darling, when are you going to bite the bullet and do the seating arrangement?
Pants down?
Stop it!
Shrek the Third - Final Screening Script 3. Prepare foul beast- (shaking his sword again) Someday you'll be sorry.
Oh, my butt is itching up a storm and I can't reach it in this monkey suit!
I am an ogre!
I gotta go.
Yeah... Me too... you... I'm gonna be an Uncle.
I'm gonna be an Uncle!
I'm gonna be an Uncle!
Poisoned?
Oh, plague is bad.
The coughing, the groaning, the festering sores.
Oh! Festering sores!
He was the school's magic teacher until he had his nervous breakdown.
Even ogres get scared...you know, once in a while.
It's the ogre!
Now... (playing the scene out Shrek attacks me, I pretend to be afraid.
Kill it!
But we are Villains.
You gonna go home and sleep, right?
We gonna go to Frisco again?
I need my job back.
But I need this job man.
Dark butter?
So I say, "what's dark butter sweetheart?"
Is there a problem here?
We gonna go to Frisco.
Sophina sighs, pulls out her cell phone, and heads out of the kitchen.
She heads into the kitchen to wash.
Thought she was gonna have to go in the street.
What's stopping you?
They shake hands.
Salazar pushes Brandon in his chest.
Is he dead?
They shot him.
It's the bleeding.
Yeah but I'm serious.
Uhhh...I am sooo tired...I stayed up too late last night, what about you, when did you go to sleep?
You don't do anything, why are you being scared?
That's insane.
...what the hell?
Are you serious with this?
I gotta go.
You're so scared.
Reese starts for the house.
What'd he die of?
Not a very good one I'm afraid.
(frightened) Frank!
Andrew was worried about how it would look.
What changed?
(hurt; into phone) I gotta go.
I went out on the boat.
(concerned) Alone?
I warn you now.
Horrible.
He was worried.
Are you scared?
Eventually I started to have trouble breathing.
You're a monster.
He'd call me in the middle of the night.
I was fired.
Stop it!
Let me go! Godammit, Frank let go! (racked with fear) Daddy -- stop it!
God -- I'm so sorry.
Shoot him.
Kill him!
A light RAIN falls.
The old man is panicked, great patches of sweat spreading around his armpits.
I got this terrible fear of being locked in... Goddamn women... Ah shit.
Nobody has said hostage yet.
Have they got hostages?
...the robber, whose identity is not known, came out of the bank, with a hostage, Mrs. Sylvia Ball... (proud) Did I tell you?
Who the hell is that?
I was so scared of him, I never been scared of Sonny never.
But you shot him.
And then you are Him and one with the Holy Ghost.
Because I'm scared, that's why.
You stopped?
I want the hostages.
It was terrible.
You are under arrest.
That's why I'm nervous, because I'm always thinking some day he's gonna come along and ring the bell... Keep your eyes front.
Urgent!
Hmmm... Umm-hmm... Siddown.
(worried) Hmmm.
It's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover.
He's concerned.
Does it have rules?
He's on the line!
And I'm ruined!
Ruined!
-- After me! Buzz!
Fired!
You're fired!
Diagnosis, Dr. Bromfenbrenner?
...It's a fad.
My demise.
Crazy.
I am suffocating.
Regular office hours -- nine to three -- and if occasionally there's an emergency call in the middle of the night, I know it's going be appendicitis and not an ax murder.
Kill you?
You're shivering, my dear.
Poor thing.
An accident.
The monster!
The monster?
We have so far investigated eight drafty castles -- had our bicycles attacked by sheep and our ears assaulted by bagpipes -- and we are exactly where we started.
A bee.
Too bad.
I have come face to face with man-eating tigers -- I was once caught in a stampede of wild elephants -- India, you know -- but I wasn't half as frightened.
The dungeon?
Alert.
Did they crash?
(terrified) I told you!
I've got the sick bay ready.
Who the hell are they?
It was Khan!
Do you hear me?
Khan -- !
Who is Khan?
Why are we slowing?
Tactical!
As I feared, sir.
Fire.
I'm afraid I can't stop to discuss this logically -- (in horror) Spock -- get out of there!
The ship -- out of danger?
(suddenly focused) I'm not that drunk.
Beat.
She MOANS again.
I was worried.
I fell asleep in my car.
I worry, baby.
Beat.
Oh, sorry -- I thought there was a crack there... (grins) ...but you must have smoked it last night.
I'm gonna go.
Watch me!
Half-asleep, Charlie rolls over onto the pee-soaked part of the bed.
You work from our kitchen.
It was awful.
(shocked) You? Yeah, me.
The dumb drunk stuff has gone from embarrassing to scary.
I'm an alcoholic.
* Crush?
Yeah, crush.
Beat.
I lied -- to the class and to you -- because I was scared.
And she fired me.
I gotta go.
Stop it!
Then how're you beating me?
Stop it.
Beat.
I used to worry about you.
It's gonna get dark soon.
(deep macho voice) Ohhh, tell me you're a nasty girl!
What the hell?
What the hell is that?
Gotta go.
It is too bad.
He stops.
(immediately sensing danger) Oh no, Stifler, what did you do?
Oh, and he also told me that sometimes when he gets nervous he wets his pants.
You gotta go.
A Russian unit, outta PSA 2 in Brighton.
My son-in-law, he worries people take advantage of me.
I do, I'm serious!
I'm gonna go home.
I gotta go.
It's bad.
For the police.
Well, why's he goin' back to work so soon, anyway?
On the ground!
Where in government?
Beats me.
(blind panic) Good God!
(WOODWARD and BERNSTEIN listen, and now there is something in her voice that wasn't there before: fear) I remember getting that material out for somebody, but it wasn't Mr. Hunt.
(shakes his head) Not good enough.
I'm still here.
(reaching over) Hey, easy... (headshake) We're a long way from high school, Carl... (she looks at him) ...and I'm scared.
And?--And?-- (looks at BERNSTEIN) --she was panicked, Carl--every time I mentioned Watergate, you could tell.
(shakes his head "no") It was there.
I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing.
But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of...? Left up ahead.
It's not us, they were scared before we got there.
But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid.
(her words are coming faster) I can't be positive that it was used for the break-in but people sure are worried.
Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am.
You guys haven't been wrong yet, is that why you're scared shitless?
The Times had already been stopped from publishing anymore of them and all my legal counsel said "don't, don't" and I was frightened but I knew if I said no, I'd lose the whole fifth floor.
I don't know anything about Haldeman, except, Dwight's frightened of him-- everybody's frightened of him--Christ, I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this--all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit, swim, see some girls.
I was being cautious.
(nods) I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun.
How many fucking sources they think we got?-- --Deep Throat won't confirm--I never thought he was scared of anyone, but he's scared of Haldeman.
We gotta go see Bradlee--I'll fill you in in the car.
Deep Throat says so.
Bible freak.
Your blood alcohol level.
I'm worrying about other things.
Reckless.
You die.
But the real reason you're scared?
I'm stopping.
(disdainful) Praying.
Are you frightened?
I'm failing you.
Do I look scary?
Are you crazy?
(nervous) Hello.
You made me feel terrible.
Hear me out.
(a beat) Have you?
First time I laid eyes on ya', I knew you were too complicated to be a whore.
Stop.
Once Abraham raised the knife, in his heart it was as if he'd killed him.
By the end he can't tell Jacob from Esau.... Watch your language.... (rising impassioned) I think the whole Jewish people were permanently scarred by what happened on Mt.
Moriah, and we still live in terror.... Fear of God is the beginning of wisdom.
Fear of God makes you afraid of everything.
All the Jews are good at is being afraid.
(pleased by this) Curtis is afraid you'll marginalize us.
Doing your homework.
What the hell do you have?
We have a problem here?
But don't come through the house, they'll hear you.
Fire...
Shotness?
I'm stealing it.
Who'd you kill?
Slow... Do it!
(indicates a chair) We want to talk to you about something.... (as they sit, Danny nervous) We're about to launch an aboveground, intellectually serious fascist movement.
You? Killed him?
That's not him, that guy was darker....
I'm going to get a cop.
Now daven.... (panic, confusion) Who's that?... What is he...oh, my God... (calm, forceful) Put down the weapon.
(terror-filled) Don't hit the face!
Please, I need my hands to work -- Christ, don't bust my thumbs.
That's it, I'm broke.
Hey, hear ya knocked Spider Rice out in the sixth?
Spider Rice.
You think everybody I fight is a bum.
Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious.
Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid.
By accident?
A few bucks.
Where else am I gonna go.
Freak luck for sure.
Derogatory?
(to the crew) See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt -- If yo're afraid to fight me, then get down an' kiss my feet, boy.
You gave me knots in here every day -- you made me scared of everything!
-- You owe me!
Owe you what?
You busted?! What?!
I gotta go out for a while.
Attack -- Attack -- Attack! (to Trainer) ... That boy damn near broke my arm.
You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad.
You're hopeless.
I gotta go to work.
I heard you, your voice carries... They're still wet.
Armed robbery.
Cop killers represent a special priority because any man crazy enough to kill a cop is a greater threat to an unarmed civilian...
A cop...
Police!
You drop it.
We missed.
I had it impounded.
I've already got enough to worry about.
He's crazy.
He's gonna go for it.
Worry about school when you get home.
Yeah, statistics don't work on smokers.
(nervous laughter) Oh, shut-up.
What the hell?
Joe is nervous.
What's your biggest fear?
Death.
What if everyone went home? (angered out of panic) Will you stop?! (recovering) They didn't go home.
Shut off the lights and scare the customers?
That's retarded.
We need to get down from here.
Panic sets in yet again.
Stop.
We'll die.
(aside to Dan) I'm so scared.
I'm gonna go with...oh yeah...these skis!
How bad is it?
It's bad.
Um...? ...so much blood.
Thunder shakes the mountain side.
Dan takes his gloves away from his face...only to freeze in horror.
He is shaking in fear.
They're more scared of you than you are of them.
I'm pretty scared, I gotta be honest.
The poor thing.
Lynch has the start of his own frost-bite on his ears and nose.
Beginning to panic, she jerks her hand hard, taking the bar up about half an inch with it.
Still.
Is she dead?
(to herself) Lynch.
The lone metal bolt protests the movement and makes metallic threats to snap.
Stop.
Guy with a voice is a guy with a throat.
Slows me down.
She shot me.
We missed you too.
She was volatile.
Hell yeah.
Max thinks the country's lost it's way, gone soft in the War on Terror!
Okay, they need to get dead.
We're gonna need a new bomb.
Sorry I threatened to cut your head off.
I'm warning you, man, I'm a lethal weapon...
Turned me into a dangerous Telekinetic.
Should we be worried?
You don't have a knife?
This is the police.
Do you hear me?
Do you hear me?
Do you hear me?
Oh God, man... don't shoot me... My mistake... I'm sorry...
Gun... Down... Down.
When a citizen went to her rescue the kidnapper threatened him with a gun and shouted at him in a strange 'clicking gibberish'...
We were asleep when a helicopter woke me up.
It made me so nervous I went into the kitchen for something to eat.
(shaking her head 'no,' exhausted) We're going to have to stop for gas soon.
(shakes her head 'no') Closed.
What is kidnapped?
(sorting it out) You sure you want this, because... that's putting an awful lot of faith in people we have no control over... I'm afraid the situation demands that kind of risk.
What's changed?
But he's dead.
Can I have the gun?
(nervous) Yes.
I was afraid.
What is hell?
It's bad.
All anybody knows is that they're armed and dangerous.
It's bad for you.
There's a roadblock.
You can stop.
(a beat) Okay...
I'm afraid we can't let you go.
Watch it.
I'm warning you.
This is an official warning.
Danger, Will Robinson, danger.
Truth is, I'm a little nervous.
YOU? Nervous?
Why on earth should you be nervous?
What the hell are you doing?
I'm warning you.
Alcohol does horrible things to a developing young mind.
I miss them, too.
Where the hell are you?
Half of them are threatening to pull their ads for next month.
I'll just... It's not that tidy, I fear.
Sorry -- things are running a bit late.
Which hospital?
Time's up, I'm afraid.
Bitch.
Bollocksed up at work again, I fear.
Fast asleep from the moment the lights went down.
Is this a problem?
(frightened) Has he? Wine?
How beastly.
Spike.
Spike.
Spike!
Oh God yes -- I'm sorry.
Now stop.
Stop.
You disappeared.
I had no idea how much nonsense it all was -- but nonsense it all is... (she's nervous) Well, yesterday was our last day filming and so I'm just off -- but I brought you this from home, and...
You -- Dominic.
That's me, hanging up on you.
I'm fired?
Fire me.
I'm the woman you don't have to worry about.
Next time you're worried about manners - Don't.
Fear of mortality.
I mean, no, nothing good can come of that, but I don't think you should worry about it.
I've been watching her.
I was out of line.
She killed herself.
We're firing them.
Did you hear me?
What a homeless.
You think I was scared?
So, what are the most immediate threats to the world environment right now?
Bugs.
(not harshly) You're weird and I'm afraid of you.
Oh, my God! Ouch!
I was just scared is all.
You scared me to death.
So alien to you?
Hey, there's nothing to be afraid of!
... and I could see the music flowing into me, it was bright red and electric, and I felt like a big toaster, and I thought, maybe I am a toaster, we're all molecules, and my friend Melissa, her head looked like a big party balloon, and that scared me, I started to freak out...
What a dark night.
He was slow.
Vampires.
They killed me.
The world's under attack by the legions of the undead and you're going to a mixer?
(whining) Jeffrey! (terrified) Well, I'm done.
That is a sin.
RONALD Fleury Then the doctor put her hands way up into Kevin's mom's tummy.
They started to pull and pull and pull... they had something in there and it started coming and they were pulling and the doctor all of the sudden said "STOP!"
How bad can I be doing?
A Police Land Cruiser parked in the middle of the road is the last of the security.
At least the first parts of the attacks.
I sweat.
With the bombings?
Exclusive.
And the three follow Fleury onto the massive plane.
Sykes puts his hand on Fleury's chest.
I'm missing you.
Are you still there?
What rules?
100 soldiers immediately drop to their knees.
Leavitt boxes out air for the non-existent rebound, grabs the ball, chest- passes it Great Santini-hard back to Janet who softly sucks in the pass.
This is Colonel Al-Ghazi with the Saudi State Police- -the Police: they attacked.
The screams become night terror shrieks.
The Land Cruiser Haytham rammed - driver's side crushed, bullet holes, out-of-control skid-marks, asphalt scars from the snapped drive shaft... (to Fleury) A little high... (to SANG, "Lower," in Arabic) Watt-tee... Watt-tee fuck (alt: "Watt-tee hell...") is his gun doing up so high?
They were Police.
Security is a combination of the police and military.
WIDEN to reveal the MAN, being VIDEOTAPED: foretelling of new threats, face obscured by his head wrap.
Janet takes a breath as the Police hard-eye her.
And I find myself in a place where I no longer care about `why' we are attacked.
The small convoy pulls up next to a run down, late seventies chunk of architecture which looks like a combination bombed dentist office/ accounting firm.
Al-Jazeera will play up an FBI presence, we'll play up their ties to Terror as checkmate.
Car bomb.
Fleury, Leavitt, Janet, and Sykes: battered war scars, million mile stares.
The two men shake hands.
* Junior eyes the exits clockwise, nervous, waiting for `Untouchables' to break the doors down.
I hate the way panic smells when I stand this close to it.
Indictments.
Tommy Magdalena has gone to ground and he's got a war chest to keep him there.
(beat) How's that?
I hold it in my mouth to hide shaking hands.
A beat.
Sticking to shadows.
Assumed they were ready to stick a new probe into the LAPD's deal with Hector, like Bradley warned, like everyone feared.
Drop him.
You're also better than a starring role in schlock horror flick that'll never see a screen, regardless if it's leading lady gets `kidnapped' or not.
Cross fast, play the wall and the shadows close.
I drop.
* Call it: the knife was here.
Sex-horror grimace: like catching Pop fingering Mom.
Massive noise.
You were worried that your real estate deal was going south.
This is why Wilhite has suddenly disappeared.
I got the knife.
Dead.
Glenda panicking, trying to stanch blood that keeps rushing.
Still scared.
(busting her) You are?
That's too bad.
She looks anxious.
(defensive) What?
Stunned.
She's a wreck.
It looks more abandoned than revived.
(shocked) What are you doing here?
What if you killed him?
You hang on.
Stop it!
I'm scared shitless.
You can't let him burn this house.
What in hell are you doing?
We are NOT entering the house.
(hesitantly) What?
That's crazy!
What hospital?
It's the cops!
That's crazy.
You scared the shit out of me.
Stop it.
I'll shoot you!
Dark tan.
I'll kill you!
Kill them.
The problem is me.
Hey, I'm scared shitless of this dame.
That's a threat.
Suddenly, a FILM of SLUSH on the windscreen.
There was a steady trickle of fuel down my neck.
Toss-up whether the bigger danger was running out of gas or going up in a fireball.
Normally, I'd be worried about leaving you here alone.
She stops now.
They stop.
Response o stress, crises.
This is insane.
With him, his assistant WILLIAM DALTEN, lean and young with dark serious eyes.
Overcast.
You're bleeding.
What do I owe?
Hell, yeah.
Hang on.
I gotta go.
That's terrible.
Now that suddenly you're all scared and alone from your heart attack.
You'd get so scared, you'd cry.
Stop it.
Stop.
I can change.
It's broke.
The Tehran Terror, the Beast Of The Middle East...
I gotta go.
Stop it!
We're eliminating.
(hands them champagne) Not much use, though.
Are you crazy?
A boat! We can go to Capri.
I don't care where I sleep.
And you've forgotten yours.
Am I being interrogated?
(anxious at not uncovering Come on, come on!
Who are his ghosts?
I woke up shouting in the middle of the night.
Are you outside?
Hello miss.
Before I cut.
Before I cut.
A bomb.
I'm afraid so, sir.
I'm frightened.
Stop them!
Go away.
Fatal.
Or you and Katharine Clifton? (a small laugh) What? (anxious, of the noise) What was that?
Kept it a bit dark.
(panicking suddenly) Don't leave me!
There's been an accident.
I really ought to drag myself outside but then there would be the sun... I'm afraid I waste the light on the paintings and on writing these words...
...bodies we have entered and swum up like rivers, fears we have hidden in like this wretched cave... ...I want all this marked on my body.
(concerned) What's wrong with Mr. Hand?
There will be no make-up exams.
This new schedule is totally confusing.
It's his loss.
Be aggressive.
This is a cop.
Chicken!
Are you going to get one?
You're crazy.
Is there a problem?
There are a lot of interests in this town and, right now, they're all scared of you.
The reason they're scared of you...technically, you have veto power over their budgets.
When Kruschev was forced out, he sat down and wrote two letters and handed them to his successor.
This is coercion.
You're afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you're weak or won't like you -- We live our lives by these unspoken rules that are handed to us.
Then more pain.
He is not a flight risk.
A man threatened my children.
I'm worried.
And who got scared?
Who's scared today?
Look, I'm as worried as you are -- No, I don't think so.
I'm worried that he'll get himself killed.
I'm worried to death.
That's crazy.
You worry about getting me the things that I want.
I'll worry about myself.
Go away!
Go away!
Do you hear me?
I've been missing it.
(they ride in silence) Do you worry when there's no word from him?
They rot.
I'm afraid I can't read who it's from.
What do you hear?
The war?
My plight?
(opening her eyes) It's still dark.
What's a Gourd House?
Nothing but the mighty Cape Fear River, is all.
I'll be back tomorrow, before dark.
You'll still be here?
My house is your house.
(suddenly) Like to wash their hands and pray.
He's dead.
There's a war on.
A chicken?
You a deserter?
Hunting.
Maybe you can't see my face, but if you could see my inside, my whatever you want to name it, my spirit, that's the fear I have deeper than any gash on my neck.
Shoot her.
He dead?
Is that bad?
Nuclear weapons?
I will go get her negligee.
I had him erect, and his semen would follow But alas I was hot, so hot that I swallowed.
(she panics) Quick, he's coming back.
It's almost all over, Theodore, and soon you can go home to Mommy.
You ever been out on the ocean at night? (continuing) I have... scary as a motherfucker, all that darkness around you.
Beats me.
I want you to be in bed asleep before twelve.
Escaping.
These are the rules.
T & A. Change it.
Change it.
Who died?
Awww, how come?
There's a scary Mexican gangster dude pokin' his finger in my chest.
(suddenly alert) Is that the penthouse?
(panicking) Now, Ted, wait a minute.
I know you're freaked, I know you're stressed.
(worried tone) You okay, champ?
I've gotta go in.
too dangerous.
It's crazy and dangerous.
You're going to wait until she's asleep?
(we're watching Jeffrey trying to control frightened breathing in the dark closet) Thanks Jimmy, see you tomorrow.
Don??. can you hear me?
GO ON!! Get down on your knees - DO IT!! What are you doing?
I'm scared.
Stop it!
(strangely - extremely frightened now that Jeffrey may have left it) Do you know?
I've gotta go to sleep now.
(frightened by her craziness) I'm leaving now.
you scared me.
(teasing him) Yeah?
Shoot.
You worry about me really?
Yeah I worry.
We broke up.
Take her to my house.
How horrible.
The man panics.
A young, scared GIRL, 15.
Kathy watches her, concerned.
You hear me?
But you're Police Task Force.
We gave her Penicillin, but the doctor is worried there could be something more serious.
They have their rules.
She lies asleep.
In court.
We're all military or police.
I'm, I'm worried what will happen to you a year from now.
You don't need to worry about me.
Their conscience paralyzed by the need to survive.
Terrified, Raya looks to... Luba.
She's way too scared.
(deadpan) A bit. Would you say you're under extreme stress?
Scared.
THROUGH THE EYE-HOLE: A COUPLE checks in across the room.
Sees a panic-stricken Kathy.
Watching them as...
Kathy waits, nervous, holding the border logs.
You do not have to be afraid of Ivan Bladzic.
Shocked.
She stops.
Drop this.
She stops.
Alert.
Afraid.
She offers a nervous laugh.
Kathy listens, anxious as Madeleine lays it out... It's bollocks.
258 Small and dark.
She winces, but...
WORSHIPPERS kneel and pray.
He died.
And his drummer Tony Allen was just scary, man.
He was arrested.
He is illegal!
He doesn't want to worry her.
I don't want her to worry.
I mean his wife...I'm sorry, I am very nervous.
It was horrible.
That is where the towers were.
Where they had the floods?
I have to say that show was really kind of scary.
It's an emergency.
(He hangs up.)
Deported.
Do you hear me?!
I'm not afraid of the dark.
Please, I -- POLICE DISPATCHER (on phone) I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do.
Every day, the city sinks deeper into a cesspool of fear, intimidation and corruption.
(beat) Who are you?
(beat) What are you doing here?
(beat) Who are you?
What worries me is that you've stopped looking for Walter.
This is the police.
Stop it!
You didn't see him, the kid's scared half out of his mind -- He picked the Collins kid!
Medication.
You can change there.
Watch me.
Cowardly.
Guy must be a real terror at crossword puzzles.
Is that -- (she nods, scared) Go next door.
How do you plea?
Bailiff....
It was the police!
(pounds door) Guard!
Guard!
Did you kill him?
They were scared, same as the rest of us, but they weren't scared stupid.
They figured we might be able to yank the chicken wire and bring down the corner, maybe make enough room to get out of there and run... but it would make an awful lot of noise and if it wasn't wide enough, we'd be stuck.
I'm afraid!
Polio.
What is the prognosis?
I suspect he will be paralyzed from the waist down.
I'm afraid life as he knew it is over.
What the hell are you doing here?
And this is the Misses.
This is a disaster!
I'm frightened of fire.
42 42 43 43 This is madness.
She's terrified of crowds.
She stops.
My God, you're afraid of these people.
Afraid?
He had polio.
Healthy folks over all... They're threatening to check out, afraid they might catch polio.
HEBERT, military in bearing -- the doctor who listened so intensely -- steps up in line and shakes hands with Eleanor and then Franklin.
(a beat) Who are you?
Farmer and his Wife from the school house graduation approach Franklin.
It'll scare their mothers half to death.
STOP.
STOP.
139 139 Eleanor sits looking down at her lap, afraid to even breathe.
They're watching.
What'd you drop?
I'm scared.
Well, I'm afraid it's not that easy... Why not?
You poor thing.
(to Lisa) The poor thing.
The poor thing.
He knocked out his teeth... blood...
Now I gotta go in early.
And she's like this little bunny cowering in the corner... ...shivering... ...
You're just gently batting it around... and the rabbit's all scared... ... and you got big claws and fangs... ... and fangs... and you're like "I don't know what to do.
But two's enough not to look anxious... Yeah, but three days is kinda the money... (interrupting sarcastically) Why don't I just wait three weeks and tell her I was cleaning out my wallet and found her number... ... then ask where you met her... Yeah, I'll tell her I don't remember and then I'll ask what she looks like.
Here it's easier to avoid trouble.
Bitch!
Bitch!
You bitch!
He's got it under control... ... Well, then, I guess we don't have to worry about him anymore.
Are you on the other line?
He was, but he got sick.
Too bad.
Shoot!
Hollywood Writer Feared Dead Were Red Agents Involved?
The film broke, and I can't raise Harry on the house phone!
(weakly) Did you... did you... I'm here.
A couple of days ago, a county flood control maintenance crew pulled a car out of the Lawson Wash ocean outlet.
We're fighting communists in Korea, we're paranoid about the Russians, we've got this thing with the Rosenbergs and the atomic bomb... (bitterly) You think they want "suspected communists" entertaining the American public with party propaganda like, gosh I don't know, "Sand Pirates of the Sahara?"
An accident.
What was this "emergency"?
Oh, here we go!
You look regal, and wise, and granted a little worried.
Are you afraid of this meeting?
Okay, so I'm serious.
Failing which?
But honestly, there's nothing left to worry about.
Your under suspicion.
Under suspicion?
It's illegal.
Are you worried about the deal closing?
I gotta go.
It was an accident.
The Crazy 88 Sorry everybody, but I'm afraid we're going to have to close the place.
Vernita's house.
You can kill yourself.
You still are.
Did you kill her?
Because you're helpless?
Outside.
It's the wood that should fear your hand, not the other way around.
But tomorrow, you kill a big bird.
Now I wasn't planning on taking a shot at you in front of the squirt, but, she is asleep.
Did she wake up?
That's why I haven't been with you B.B., I've been asleep.
I'm the deadliest woman in the world, but right now I'm scared shitless for my baby.
I'm warning you.
You shivering, John?
I'm warning you.
Wash up and go home.
(suddenly gentle) Okay.
Bully for you.
(defensively) Yeah.
Chicken?
That's dangerous up there.
Stop it now!
I'm getting nervous, man!
(in a single breath) Oh! (a harsh whisper) Where's Buzz! Where's Buzz! (calling) Jim! Jim! (tight fury) Down there!
Down there is Buzz!
We were so worried.
He was killed.
Assault with a deadly weapon.
What do I have to do-- kill myself?
That's all I can do when I'm nervous.
You still here?"
I'm scared.
Oh, we can manage that!
He's dead.
What you stopping for?
They're killing him!
He had a gun with him, too.
And DIE!
I'm afraid you're a little too late with this one.
So now you suddenly care about my future?
I miss him...
You hear me!
Don't let it know you're scared!
(beat) ...Okay.
Are you still here?
Gotta go.
(into phone) Call ya back.
No. Do that and I guarantee you'll scare him off.
Do you miss it?
I had that fire.
You knew what I told you wasn't ready for the papers Will you please keep your voice down, there's people -- -- You could have scared the son of a bitch off.
(beat) Who are you?
What the hell are you doing here?
You're thinking too much of the building and not enough of the ghost.
Fire.
Don't keep looking over your shoulder for the ghost.
They need a bit of fear, 'cos otherwise they're gonna come up against me,...need a little lesson don't they?
You're scared, you're running away from yourself One Two.
I had a horrible dream that the Councilor didn't come through, I don't want anything going wrong on this one, that Russian's the key to the big time.
I have been robbed.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49A.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49B.
Stella says you're dangerous.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49C.
(in Russian) I need to speak to you Uri.
You are scary good at that.
Do you miss it?
Someone has been at the Russian's money, a couple of silly gun slingers,..he wasn't making up stories.
Mickey and Roman approach the crack house door and flick up the letter box.
That's what four years inside does to a man, eats his soul and when it's all gone it makes a man quite scary.
He looks on in horror and points the gun at Johnny.
He looks at the group in horror as he is quickly lowered to his death by drowning and cray fish.
A bird flew into my house last night.
Grifters with rough hands...
You're the one who's got me on my knees in a dark alley.
And these cops?
The dentist tells me I'm not covered for caps.
Then we disappear.
I gotta go.
(hanging up) So, what do you have for me?
Where the hell is she?
They 'tend to scare people off.
You're not exactly a threat to national security.
I'll kill you.
When..? (hanging up) It was him.
The airport's going to be crawling with police.
Traffic will be a nightmare.
Can you hear me?
So I'm dead...
Drop it.
So, this guy took this big knife... and he held it behind him, put the tip of it in his back, and he ran backwards into the wall.
So, what's your problem?
It's urgent.
That's too bad.
I hear you.
Are you a sinner?
There are sinners here.
I feel scared, and I feel sick and...
Dead.
And, I felt this fear and anxiety coming over me.
Sit back, freak.
You're insane.
It's a rule.
Oh my God... Oh my God... What's the big--?
I put on a good show, but my life is so goddamn hollow and vapid and lonely, it scares me, man.
I'm being shot at!
I'm being shot at!
And kill him.
The Priest makes the sign of the Cross on the boy's forehead, dismissing As soon as he is gone, the Priest turns a worried eye to the Professor.
"..then arrange the elements of life against the Terror just so.." His fingers run on.
Billy suddenly staggers into the room, brandishing his gun.
Stop.
In the middle of the shadows, a door to the nightmare has just opened.
Panic aboard the MONDOSHAWAN ship.
Korben opens the door to..A huge gun, brandished by a nervous MUGGER, pointing right in his face.
She dropped in on me.
Cold-blooded.
Cornelius starts to panic.
The intimacy makes him nervous.
He rummages through the cupboard, exceedingly nervous.
The door next to him suddenly In walks LOC RHOD amidst a tornado of music and security guards.
So tell me my main man... you nervous in the service?
The stewardess shivers.
The MUSIC suddenly stops.
I mean they are, but not for vacation like everyone thinks... I'm on an operation... and if I didn't come get you, you'd be in a shitload of trouble... I'd love to be on vacation with you... but now.... now I've got to work...
A bomb go off in your face?
You hear me?
Korben, Korben Dallas, the winner of the Gemini Croquette contest just killed three warriors like he was swatting flies... Panic everywhere!
(terrified, still deaf) What?
Her eyes close and she falls back asleep.
Korben is worried.
Cornelius pushes the group onto the altar which is surrounded by a wooden Excuse me, Father, but... could we pray later?
(approaching) Prithee, Mr. Kempe, break a leg.
Crab is nervous.
Be still.
I cannot shed blood in her house but I will cut your throat anon.
He dies?
It is still dark.
(to ROMEO) "Away, be gone, the sport is at best." "Ay, so I fear; the more is my unrest."
That's my line!
(almost to herself) "I am feared, "...All my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay, And follow thee my lord throughout the world."
Oh!--it's--it's--oh, it's a house of ill- repute!
Where is the shipwreck?
It was I who killed him!
It is worse.
Kill him!
A few were awarded to veterans of the Afghan war, so I can assume he's a decorated soldier.
Suddenly, Holmes hears no words.
His eyes tick slowly, scanning McMurdo, locking onto the big man's knee: A little scar-tissue, nearly invisible.
Lestrade follows, anxious.
A sudden gust of wind moans eerily.
On the watch.
You're terrified of a life without the thrill of the macabre, as well you should be.
I'm afraid you'll have to put this on.
The danger is that they can also be exploited for more nefarious purposes.
We don't ask you to share our faith, only our fears.
Fear is the more infectious condition.
(at Sir Thomas) In this case, fear of your own child.
He hits the door to a building.
I owe you.
He sees: Blackwood and the boat are disappearing into the darkness.
He misses.
Blackwood snarls, mounts a frenzied attack, which Holmes simply tries to survive.
Your reputation and your jailers' fear did the rest.
You're fired.
What the hell?
And you stuttered.
Stop!
You're hysterical.
Oh, so you figure the two psychopaths that rigged a bomb to your chest made sure it was safe?
Chet, I'm fucking nervous enough as it is.
I've been sorta preoccupied with this crushing fear of death!
Then that's how it's gonna go.
You worried about that other guy he's with?
You're about to ruin it.
I mean, apparently, you love my sister so much that you're willing to put her life in danger by going to see her with a bomb strapped to your chest.
She won't be in danger.
I know you're probably scared right now, but if you go grab us 100 grand in a bag, we'll get out of here.
If you jinx this with your negativity, I'm gonna strap a bomb to your chest next.
It's a combination of cheap sneakers and this heavy fucking bomb on my chest!
You got a bomb on you.
I blow up, and it blows up.
You think I'm scared of death?
What the hell was that?
We need to get down there.
I'm afraid so.
Did you know the fear most people feel when they stand on the edge like this is not actually a fear that they will fall but instead it's the subconscious fearing that they might jump?
....It's a fear of losing faith.
Yeah, you watch.
Oh, here they go.
It's broken.
That's it, nothing more....... and I'm afraid... standing here tonight... that I don't hear... a... thing... just silence.
JOHN TULD (cont'd) Mr. Cohen, Ms. Robertson, I'm afraid this is where you are supposed to step back in.
They want me to get you back there, they are worried about you being out here.
They fired me Will.
It was horrible.
It's going to get you into trouble.
What, nervous I'm going to win? Would you please leave.
Oh, poor baby.
We'd go at it for a while, then as soon as he'd cum, he starts freaking out.
What are you scared of?
(beat) Okay...
What's your plan of attack?
Oh sis.
Can we drop this?
It happened at your house last night.
You came over to our house late last night and he forced intercourse on you.
Well, I'm afraid you don't have a choice in the matter.
They feared you and now you're going to throw that all away.
Why so nervous?
I'm afraid to be alone.
(more anxious) So we'll re-cast.
Difficult.
I'm difficult.
I'll be dead.
I missed you.
(shaking the thought from his head) I am going to tell the truth... after your next picture.
The cops?
She's about the work and only the work -- lives for the work.
I'm worried about you, that's all.
So over-rated.
(to his nervous photographer) As for a photo -- if you can't do it, I know twelve million people who can. -- You can't go in there!
She's extremely agoraphobic -- has a morbid fear of people and germs.
Abduction?
Blackmail?
After what you told us about the death threats, the security guards are under strict instructions never to take their eyes off the crowd.
A phone call?
(reluctant, frightened by Simone's erratic driving) Okay -- for you.
This is crazy.
(shaking off the insult) -- Never mind.
You bitch!
I'll destroy you!
(trying to shake the notion from her head) Lainey, there's no evidence that Simone isn't real.
Harlan, are you botherin' these poor girls?
You're makin' me nervous.
(over the noise) Thelma, I'm gonna hit the little girls' room, and then we gotta hit the road.
Stop.
I'm just nervous.
I was afraid I'd missed you.
Hold on a minute, damnit.
Hello, stranger.
Dark hair.
Aw, God.
We're fugitives now.
Of all the things in the world that scare you, what's the worst thing that scares you the most?
That always put the fear of God in me.
What? (shaking with laughter) Nothing.
That's disgusting!
You bitch!!
Be advised... (breaks up) ...armed and extremely dangerous... How far are we from Mexico?
You're crazy.
What?! What in the hell is that up there?
You are under arrest.
With his own gun.
Slow down.
Slow down.
Slow down.
Slow down.
And, I'm unemployed.
They're afraid of you, aren't they?
(beat) What are you doing?
The seven CEOs of Big Tobacco... Referred to this... Said they should be afraid of him...
I'm sorry I woke you up.
(beat) To me?
Yes, I'm afraid I did.
I'm doing an interview.
Jail?
I'm not touching my film... I'm afraid you are.
(rhetorical answer) If Tisch can unload CBS for $81 a share to Westinghouse and then is suddenly threatened with a multibillion-dollar lawsuit from Brown & Williamson, that could screw up the sale, could it not?
You are a fanatic.
An anarchist.
It was junk.
You disappeared on me.
(through the door, frightened) Mr. Wigand...Mr.
Did he hear you?
Hello, can you hear me now? (alarmed) What's happening?! (afraid) He doesn't seem to be listening... (on the cell phone, shouts, urgent) Alright, now listen to me.
What the hell for?
No. (beat) I'm assuming the cave-in begins with the threat of litigation from Big Tobacco.
Abandoned.
Phone call!
Oh, you poor thing.
Pernicious.
Stop it!
Yo, house ball!
I'm afraid she couldn't rest if she wasn't square with the house.
Cut it out!
All your big brother is trying to say is that we're worried about you.
I was really worried about you with her.
He's hurting now!
Cut it out!
He breathes in, nervous... Pedro, sweating hard, takes a few cuts, but only seems to be hitting weak ground balls and foul tips.
Miguel nods, nervous, focuses.
You are crazy!
Brad and the Venezuelans run over to break it up before anything serious starts.
He takes a nervous breath, fires in the second pitch.
Terminator.
The trainer shakes his head, no.
Stu and the trainer sense Miguel's anxiety.
Miguel shakes his head, no.
After a beat...
(a beat) I'm a little nervous.
Miguel sidesteps a nodding JUNKY on his way to the front desk, approaches the toothless Russian clerk, NIKOLAI (late 50s).
Too slow.
They shake hands.
Rafi needs you in the kitchen!
Miguel shakes his head, no.
After a beat...
Afraid of getting caught?
I'm intrigued.
You're intrigued?
Lawyers.
Is he still at your house?
I think you're afraid to put the two of us in the same room together.
What...what are these interviews about?
Like what they've done, what they do, what they don't do, what they want to do but are afraid to ask for, what they won't do even if asked.
(still shaken) I don't...he doesn't want you to come over.
Is he dangerous?
She still is.
Ann, I don't understand why this freaks you out so much.
What was the problem?
The problem was me.
What's the harm in that?
(knocking furiously) Doctor Octavius!
Isn't that a little dangerous?
Yeah, of embarrassment.
When he's ready for girls he'll be a holy terror.
(winks) It's in the blood.
I... got pictures of the Professor... in there... it's so strange in there... so bizarre... (winks) Good job, kid.
I was poisoned!
A spider... Peter, did you at least talk to her? Aunt May, listen to me.
I got bitten on the hand... by a poisonous spider.
Scalpel!
You have a visitor, Doctor... (enjoying this) Octavius, I'm afraid I have bad news for you.
Big man you lost to the Amazing Spider-Man.
Spider-Man, huh?
I am Spider-Man... the good guy, am I not?
Who is in the Spider-Man costume?
Sure I do... I'm your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man! (to May) What a bunch of crap.
(fighting his fear) I don't know...
You ain't takin' me... Spider-Man... who ever you are... (hanging on ceiling) Hey, creep!
(crossing to it, wondering) Peter...? Doctor Octavius...! You're... You're... (finds the words) You're so weird!... with those... what do you call those... Waldos... Did you hear about Spider-Man? (moving Waldos like spider's legs) That's me... the real Spider-Man... now tell me, where is that jerky friend of yours... Parker?
Spider-Man.
(seeing Spidey) Spider-Man... That's a lot of crap, clown...
I am Spider-Man, not you.
Once I dispose of you, Spider-Man, no one will be able to stop me.
It's that Spider-Man!
My exciting ride with Spider-Man... Oh... Sorry...
It's Spider-Man! Get outa here, you bum! Hey, what are you talking about?! (back at woman) What's the matter, lady don't you read the papers?
Spider-man!
So you've avoided the nuclear pool, have you, Spider-Man?
I've gone over your research.
I'm afraid we're too late.
(sees the sky through the window) Spider-Man!
(calling back from the dark skies) Spider-Man!
Spider-Man.
But I've done it, Spider-Man.
My 'Confession'.
I gotta go.
Fiend!
(suddenly) Shhh!
Why beat yourself up about it?
He's afraid that his reputation will prevent people from giving my work an honest chance.
She gets scared.
Go away.
(stops) What?
It's terrible.
I'm warning you!
He's in big trouble.
Look, Simon, the world's a scary place.
What the hell are you doing?
(whispering, worried) Oh, God, it's Troy.
Suddenly, he started coming home every night and even started really asking me about my homework.
At this point, dear old mummy was so spooked, I was actually afraid she might stop drinking.
My fears of mom giving up the sauce were unfounded.
(breathy, threatening) Diane?
Did you hear me?!
Please, please, oh god.
(feigning concern) Wake up, Mommy.
Are you crazy?
He could go to the cops and tell them you threatened him, then they'd really start investigating us.
So if I tell the jury it was his idea and I was scared for my life, because he said he'd kill me if I ever told anyone, then I walk?
Guard!
What we're concerned with is here.
Chief, try to keep out of where we're going -- Why we're goin' and what's gonna be the big surprise.
Shot himself.
Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it.
What was in the jungle?
Dreadful.
Hear him?
What the hell is it?
Watch it !
It will be such after I die.
Yeah, a two thousand pound bomb.
What did you hear?
Flood.
They'd kill me too !
We were attacked -- down river.
Think of it -- for years, millions of years, savages with pathetic painted faces were scared shitless that fire would rain down from the sky.
Kill him !
My river... my people... my jungle... my ideas... my country... my wife... (he looks at Willard) ... my death.
The horror, the horror.
The horror !
The horror !
Oh, has your penetrating research on 9th Century Lithuanian dildos suddenly made you an expert on the criminal mentality?
This is against the rules.
You owe me.
Bandaged about the chest, Conor asleep on his cot.
Suddenly he sits up.
Hide.
You're insane.
I've had a few more concerns.
He's dead.
Have you gone to the police?
He sees me as a threat.
(shakes head) If that was meant to be an ex- planation Mr. Romirez from Spain, I'm afraid you've failed.
A murder.
I warned you.
Is this what you killed them with?
(shakes him off) Stay out of it.
You and I just living will always be a threat.
Nothing there but threat.
Threats and nothingness.
All this time and still a scared little boy.
300 years have turned the boy's fear into ambit- ion.
And I kill you.
While you still can.
Conor returns with a savage blow to the chest that knocks the young man gasping onto the ground.
Horrible.
Running her hands along the contours of his body she sees the countless faint scars of bullet and sword wounds.
Brenna is lost in Taupin's scars.
And fear.
Fear of those that would kill you and fear of those that would love you.
CRYING in fear, she frantically searches for a way out.
Her BREATHING is at a PANIC.
Stop.
Stop it!
Stop it!
It will be horrible.
(He suddenly steps forward and thrusts out his hand.)
Have you been to prison?
I've warned you.
We have warned each other.
We thought they'd be too afraid of the English press.
Then it will be prison.
And he's a lawyer.
My God, it would terrify them... (a wry smile) Three hundred fifty million people at prayer.
The Government's afraid, and they don't know what to do.
But they're more afraid of terrorists than of you.
(a beat) I did.
Though there is a rumor that under pressure from your country, they will let him out -- again.
It's not the workers you have to worry about.
It's not a serious attack on the revenue, sir.
I will not support it, but I do not intend to take advantage of their danger.
My only worry is what shape it will take.
It has given him power and the freedom to speak, and he has filled the Muslims with fears of what will happen to them in a country that is predominantly Hindu.
If I had shunned death -- or feared it -- I would not be here.
Nor would you be concerned for me.
I cannot help you -- pray... pray.
Who?! (And he is running at them and they spread in fear.)
We stop.
(in a fearful whisper) Why? Why? (tears now -- and wrath) They killed my son -- my boy!
It is a story of troubles overcome and of inherent goodness.
"He is dying!"
I am also worried for Harry.
I am worried about Ernesto Junior's visit.
Why are you so worried?
(Anxious) I am here to see Diego Garcia.
In a coma?
(Not sure) Well, then... would you mind telling me why my mother is so afraid of Ernesto Junior?
She's afraid of him?
I wanted to change genres... to take a risk (ironic-destructive) And I swear I accomplished that, the part about taking a risk.
We were both too nervous.
(First, he attacks.
I was too nervous.
Spasms...
I warned you!
Tomorrow the shooting begins in the afternoon, will I see you before then?
(Worried) You're acting strange, Magdalena.
And this suitcase?! (Sounding bored, asleep) It's Ivan's.
Sorry to interrupt...
But if you are going to be worried, you should come with me.
I was very worried about you! Mateo has looked after me day and night... Mateo?
Why is it that he suddenly is not calling you Harry but Mateo?
You both have changed.
I couldn't take it and I couldn't (then) forgive you for having abandoned Cinearte with Lena without saying a word!
(Somber) That's why I never called you, but even if you don't believe it, I was very worried for you and the boy.
I still am.
Call me if you need anything... (Touching her forehead) You are sweating... It's a panic attack... (Takes a deep breath, as if she had lost her wind) Hand me the purse!
I am feeling better... and I'll fall asleep soon.
It's not a bad way of describing a panic attack... (Changing the topic, one can tell she's made the decision before she arrived in the kitchen).
(Anxious, reproachful.)
The police!
Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed.
Un hmmm.
(still in a panic) I gotta get outta here, good night.
Lay there and sweated blood for hours.
(a wee mite worried) Well, it is a little tight.
The girl worries me.
I was almost scared, he wouldn't go away.
Buddy, I'm worried about Rose.
I don't want to go to the dentist.
She's afraid of the hospital.
(a thin superior smile) Afraid of the hospital?
Deathly afraid of it.
We scared the rascal off, son.
And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more.
I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning.
(feebly, she is terrified) There ain't nobody here, Mr. Hillyer!
Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared!
How dangerous is the operation?
(puts an arm around his shoulders) How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad? Okay.
I'm afraid it's my fault.
Alcohol?
Little weird though.
It's radioactive!
It's a case.
It's not her I'm worried about.
I miss you.
I miss you.
It is a warning.
I'm with the police.
Nearly all ghosts now.
(to kid threatening another) -- Randy...
Bloody.
They're dead.
What happens if the hand trembler says a ghost has been... -- Messing with Mary?
But if you're heavy traditional, and Mary's people are serious traditional, you have an Enemy Ghost Way.
It scares me, Miss Henley.
We will start the Sing soon to remove the Yei spirit and stop the ghost sickness.
Tomorrow, after dark, we begin again.
Go away.
The Enemy Way chant removes the invading yei ghost.
The Enemy Ghost Way.
Not for a while, I'm afraid.
The enemy spirit is gone.
I've just about had it up to here with ghosts.
Enemy Ghost Way for Mary Tsosie.
Do you like scary movies?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Uh...NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET.
Is that the one where the guy had knives for fingers?
Gotta go.
You getting scared?
Don't you watch scary movies?
I'm getting scared.
But poor Steve...I'm afraid...he's out.
I can hear you.
I can hear her.
Scary night, isn't it?
Do you like scary movies, Sidney?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Oh, God, Sid, I'm sorry I was late.
Sidney said you crawled through her window last night too? (surprised) You were out last night?
This is crazy.
You owe me.
What is your problem?
I'm sorry I mangled your face.
You're evil.
If this were a scary movie, I'd be the prime suspect.
Watch her.
Should I be worried?
Jesus, you scared me.
(shocked) What?
What rules?
Watch out!
Stop.
(at the door) Oh God.
Still does.
This is the moment when you think the killer's dead, but then he springs back to life for one last scare.
You will miss it!! (into phone) I gotta go.
Who the hell are you?
(he looks up in anticipatory fear) I think it's so wonderful that you don't worry about even trying to act strong.
Be still.
(suddenly cheery) Yes.
I'm hoping she's asleep when I get home so I won't have to deal with her... I'm actually afraid of my own kid.
STOP!
I'll buzz you in.
Stop being so creepy honest.
I get a little nervous thinking about the opportunity.
I don't understand what you're worried about.
(again) Burke?
Burke?
(twisting away) Nooo.
This is the thing that makes me nervous about you...
Get up... (she does) Now, be my mirror... do exactly what I do... that's it... now, at a certain point, I'm going to become your mirror, but I'm not going to tell you when... you tell me... (hesitantly) Now? (enthusiastically) Okay.
Gotta go.
Terrified of everything.
I remember fear.
He spooked me.
(beat) Why me?
And death.
Why don't you spend another six months developing 'em while staring out the window at mommy's house next to poor dead Albert the dog.
It's crazy.
This is not our house, it's my house.
That's your defense?
Kill for me.
I'm concerned about you.
To destroy them.
Oh, and your father the dentist?
You're dead.
The hell you are.
The bitch was there.
Just wanted to scare 'em, they won't be They won't be here no time soon.
VOICE OF MALCOLM X (contd) Three things I was always scared of: a job, a bust and jail.
Who the hell are you?
It's buried there.
That is why twice daily we turn to Mecca, to the Holy of Holies, to pray.
Who the hell are you?
Outside.
Who the hell are they?
That's your headache, Captain.
Put fear into those devils.
Adorare, to worship and to fear.
He was the first man I ever feared -- not fear such as the one has of a gun but the fear one has of the power of the sun, I pledged myself to him, even if it cost me my life.
179A 	SHOT.
He hangs up.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Hang on.
They killed him.
They killed him.
The prisoner...
You're still scared of him.
He was armed.
I was dead.
I was dead.
Can you be serious?
The only time I worry is when people tell me not to worry.
You take my phone?! Hah?! Hey! Hey! Wake up! Wake up!
Your interrogation.
No arrest -- a warning.
Why do you stop?
Are you in danger there?
Go away.
Go away.
Catch -- you're scaring me.
Why do you have to change it?
(nervous) You, too.
(worried) Yes.
Watch.
But... Beware... there are dangers.
I wan...
I wan you...
Will we miss him?
I want you freaks out of here.
The POLICE and the INSPECTOR exchange dark looks.
The horse lifts its head and DR PARNASSUS recoils in shock and horror.
CUT TO PERCY who looks thoughtful and worried.
(suddenly urgent) Let's run away.
That's why we're still here.
My prize... (a voice filled with horror) ... was ever-lasting life.
Until dead.
She presses a metal breast-plate to his chest.
Insecure.
As the wagon trundles out of the deserted car park a DARK FIGURE hops onto the rear platform.
What do you have to lose?
VALENTINA, worried, steps forward to try and restrain ANTON.
From behind the mirror comes the sound of a woman's terrifying, terrified screams.
Terrified, ANTON and the screaming SALLY are spun through a black void clinging desperately to an asteroid as planets and stars spin madly around them.
TONY and PERCY are in danger of being overwhelmed.
He sneaks nervous glances at the glass box of money.
He is blindfolded.
I'm afraid we can't accept this.
PARNASSUS is frightened but hides this from the others.
TONY shakes him hard.
She pushes TONY back and scrambles out...dragging him back out into the dark rain.
VALENTINA and TONY struggle through the rain.
Suddenly, they find themselves in deep water up to their chests.
VALENTINA recoils, drags TONY off the boat.
Stop!
We'll drown!
A beat.
TONY panics.
With a look of realization and horror, TONY drops to his death as the MOB kicks the chair away from under him.
That's why he was killed.
I'm a little scared, mummy.
I didn't mean to make her cry, daddy, but I'm scared, and I want to see her. (Desperation) Hank, where are you?
For Heaven's sake, where are you?!! Welbeck eight -- He was scared.
I'm jut scared to death.
I'm afraid we'll do the wrong thing.
Then your French friend panicked, and made a fatal crash -- landing on the floor of the Albert Hall.
Will you miss me?
Too bad.
As to whether it wakes up from that sleep, like I said, the choice is yours... ( b e a t , a shrug) An y t h i n g to avoid stretch-marks, right?
A moment of panic.
The doctor walks stiffly out of the room.
The lifelessness.
His focus suddenly and searingly r e t u r n s as he hears- Starkweather ?
Boost the anaesthetic lev... Suddenly he's sprayed with blood a s the clamp springs loose from the stomach, clattering to the floor.
Then, his mind assimilating the horror, he SCREAMS.
Starkweather, clumping down the corridor, clutching his open stomach, blood streaming down his legs.
On the sofa sits Merrick, now in civvies, still gaunt from worry.
A fear of contamination.
Oh, me and Burdie, we're busy bees.
He'll drop by himself.
(faint) Is it?
C h e a p e r than flesh and blood but nothing between the ears.
Lincoln starts backing away with Ester, his eyes blackening, the danger surging, the dog barking, the giant's face dropping, the elements converging...
I'll be with you in two shakes!
Cops?
Lawyers?
What the hell are you doing?
They ditched near here last night.
Don't think for a second I'm afraid of facing them now.
But that's inhuman.
You can stop there.
So they stopped.
The cops?
Because you're so afraid.
Ha! What've I got to be afraid of?
Now you're threatening me!
Who the hell is this?
This here's an emergency!
It's busted.
That's disgusting.
I'm moving the strike zone down to your stomach area.
He was gunned down.
An accident.
Can you hear me?
Sucking chest wound right over the heart.
He's the shooter.
His blood will be on your hands.
(beat) It's you!
But he was dead by then.
You're an embarrassment to me.
Is this an emergency?
I'm too afraid.
I'm shaking all over.
I was so afraid.
Do you hear me?
But while the scar is still healing, or whatever you call it when you have a tattoo removed, he meets Chandra.
It's perverse.
(announcer voice) It's hit to the warning track!
Horror show.
Why do you watch?
Oops... sorry.
Stop now.
But, yeah, I'm a little concerned.
Whatever problems I was having were suddenly gone.
Should we stop them?
Right now? ...annihilation anxieties engendered by bad experiences with a depriving mother... but no one can escape the fear of death.
(suddenly) Why do I feel elated?
What about his state certification exams?
It is someth-- (stops suddenly) Why?
And when you do... (suddenly losing her will) ...please get back to me.
Too bad.
(scary strong) Mother... go away!
Look he scared!
I spent the whole night throwing up pain killers because I'm too afraid to take enough to kill myself.
Are you a dangerous pirate?
I'm sorry, I'm just so scared.
Okay, I gotta go.
Watch this.
Why stop there?
You? Awful.
I gotta go.
I'm very scared that you're mad at me about the whole firing thing.
And when I woke up I found this strange old chest sticking out of the ground.
She's suffered a major heart attack and her heart is very weak, her pulse not very strong, her blood pressure is dropping rapidly and most likely she'll have a fatal heart attack during the night.
I'm so scared, Mark.
She's seizing.
I'm scared.
Murder.
Rape.
Then it's bad.
Help me, I'm so scared.
Too bad.
Gotta go.
In the ground.
Your stop.
Then where's my change?
Alike shakes both of their hands in turn.
Yeah, you sorry your mom is gonna bug out.
My bad.
It's crazy.
What the bear?
I had a case over there.
Silence from the door.
You'd get so scared.
I'm worried about this Deanzie guy.
But the guy you really have to worry about is Mike Pyle.
Shots!
Tells me he's worried about you.
I hear that.
Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 (terrified, through gag) Nmmmmmmmmm!
And people worry you're not smart.
Nervous people.
You're under arrest.
It's as if she's literally afraid to learn.
Dog attacks.
Is that a threat?
Your dad kidnapped you last night and the police found you sleeping in a seedy park a hundred miles from here.
You're lying right now because you're afraid.
Afraid that everyone will see how scared and frustrated you really are.
You're afraid of hurting him, but now we need to tell the truth.
Hello, lawyer.
As if he's a ghost.
Stop.
Penalty!
Suddenly I was my father's son.
Now what did you lose?
They should be screaming.
You're still my agent.
Sorry I threw a scare into our lives there -- Don't worry about it -- I never told you what I thought of that memo either -- Well, no you didn't -- You lost your head, it happens.
(Jerry sniffs, panicked) Alright, buddydude.
You let that snake in the door.
Too bad.
I'm dying here.
No-- Because I'm worried that you're putting your faith in this guy who, because of the way things are going, may not have an emotional marble in his head.
It's a risk.
I'm a little worried -- I'm worried too.
I'm worried that the only reason I'm here getting my brains blown loose is that you weren't asshole enough to get my ten million three months ago.
Why are you doing this to me, Rod?
I watched it.
He gets nervous for the t.v.
Rod.
Flee.
And it's winding down.
Go away.
That's delusional.
That's the rule!
I was devastated.
Grounds?
I just inject it into your forehead, and it paralyzes your eyebrows so you can't raise them... Why in God's name would I want...? No frown lines.
I'm sorry, Mr. Massey, but I felt certain you'd want to know -- Marylin Rexroth wants to see you.
He's a sick freak.
So I hear.
Difficult.
You're vulnerable.
Ironic isn't it -- that I have been frightened of this emotion which is, in a sense, the seed of my livelihood.
Should we counsel fear -- or trust?
You're scaring me.
That's blackmail.
He's dead.
Now I can die.
0 10 Are you nervous?
Unless he fears an excess of compliments.
Y'hear that?
While I'm in exile.
There is one lady, Sir.. Go on.. Who I fear is too high-born for us.
(horrified) What?
ou poor girl.
What has changed so?
But I'm afraid I find the insult too much to bear.
His face is dark.
Here at court.
ANNE suddenly looks pale.
Vulnerable.
Frightened.
MARY looks anxious..
Hiding in shadows.
Gasp.
Fear filling her eyes..
Her hands wringing with anxiety.
You disgust me!
Her eyes are hollow with stress.
A flicker of panic passes behind her eyes.
YOUNG HENRY is already fast asleep in another bed.
Tell me.. (fearing the worst) She miscarried the child?
ANNE looks at MARY, suddenly frightened.. Hold me..
Broken.
Pants.
I'm not the one who put this scar here.
I'm warning you.
You hearing me?
I've been hearing you.
Yeah, once I cut them off.
We'll be watching.
You scared me.
When I ignore you, that's when you worry.
Yo sis, what's going on?
My bad.
So they fire me.
I know rehab is hard, and you have to worry about whether you'll be as good as you were but you will be.
(warning) Okay.
(half-asleep) What's going on?
He's not afraid of thieves and muggers, but he's terrified when his son poops in his pants.
Now this cop.
And he's a cop!
You wanted to get knifed, you got knifed.
What lawyer?
Police frighten these people.
Screams, cries, panic -- has been blown to oblivion.
Nico on his feet, plainly the leader in this moment of terror.
The congregation streams out in terror-stricken disarray.
Nico stands, his back to the wall -- a scary, blank look on his face.
The girls instantly go silent in terror.
Machete Man is staring up in terror, wondering what this means.
She looks frail, frightened.
They are faces that have known fear and tragedy.
Nico is frustrated; he can't crack the refugees' fear.
Tell them there's no need for fear.
Several of the refugees look like they want to speak, but they are terrified.
The refugees become increasingly anxious.
But the bomb...
(shaken) Father Genarro talked him out of it.
Nico admires his partner's guts, but he's worried.
Urgency fear, exhaustion.
scream and scatter in terror.
* (on TV's) Police sources also speculate that Toscani may be connected to the suspect in the bombing of St. Elizabeth's parish church -- (on TV's) -- the suspect is likely to be armed and considered to be extremely dangerous -- In other news, Senator Ernest Harrison's presidential bid has... ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87 73A.
It's a kick to risk my ass again.
The pair creep soundlessly onto the next roof.
From the eighth floor the metal grate of the parking struc- * ture blows out onto the street below, followed by Salvano's * body.
Nico takes off after him on foot -- Zagon races down the darkest of alleys, rounds a corner -- hurtles after him, gaining.
Zagon backs off, chest heaving.
Fight it.
Weapon armed.
But I'm afraid you'll have to 'kiss off' the rest of your lessons this afternoon.
They are nuclear armed, and dangerous.
Stop it!
Fueled and waiting.
Sabotage?
Colorful... Shark attack?
Be reckless.
Slow down.
Repeat: Lay down your weapons, and prepare to be boarded.
The British Navy abandoned that boat, and I'm claiming it.
I was an attorney!
Warn him!
Stop them!
(beat) Now both of you.
Kill it!
You shoot.
Can you hear me?
We got a major storm movin' in.
You still here?
For you, miss?
You still here?
For you miss?
For you, miss?
-71- But I can change!
You're still here!
I gotta go.
Oh, my God! He's having a heart attack!
The hospital?
May I see that? (reading aloud) "Every night, by cold bricks I watch the shadow rising from this old man in the snow.
A dark street. . .
Put yourself in his shoes for a moment--walking home from church, alone, in a frightening part of the suburbs.
As he describes his client's movements, Fletcher ACTS THEM You're nervous, timid, looking over your shoulder -- when suddenly, you encounter him-- (pointing at the old man) pouncing from the shadows.
You quiver in fear.
Stay out of my neighborhood after dark.
What's your case?
(hopeless) .
I was afraid you wouldn't support my partnership if I turned you down.
It's in my other pants.
And where are your other pants?
A burglar. -He fell through the kitchen skylight and landed on a cutting board on a butcher's knife, cutting his l e g.
Stop that!
Accidently.
It was an accident.
They stopped.
And you missed this?
Slow up.
You're going to get the wind knocked out of you.
What the hell did he do that for?
We can fight.
Maybe they're as scared of us as we are of them.
Where the hell is it!?
(Panicked) They're going to kill us!
Missile!
Yeah, I'll surrender.
It's getting dark up here.
What are you doing...? What the hell are you doing down there?
Is it dead?
What the hell are you doing!?
What the hell?
Says they were deserters, they were afraid to fight, don't believe in Saddam anyway.
You die!
They couldn't tell in the dark.
Kill them!
Stop them!
Still am.
That's what I hear.
Beat.
Beat.
22 THE HUMMER - SAME TIME -- careens suddenly away, exposing a 22 surprised Marco -- Raymond has lost control, fishtails into a deep trough -- the Hummer lurches onto its side, engine racing -- wheels spinning uselessly in air -- stalling -- Oh shit, Shaw -- 23 ANOTHER ENEMY WITH A ROCKET LAUNCHER -- slides around an 23 overturned trailer and FIRES: 25 THE ROCKET hits the Bradley Fighting Vehicle at a slant into 25 its exposed belly, and the truck EXPLODES -- Marco's team scattering, pressing themselves into the sand, covering their heads -- (amplified) Were you scared?
THICK DARK SMOKE momentarily blankets the road.
Scared?
(long beat) You don't really have time to be scared.
I got ... -- and tries to pull him to safety ... knees buckling ... he looks up: 29 MARCO'S P.O.V. - THE HUMMER -- is no longer stalled on its 29 side in the ditch, but improbably is righted again, back on four wheels and attacking.
8/18/03 9. Were you wounded?
-- injured.
I'm worried about you.
News coverage, the crowded floor of a political convention: 8/18/03 14.with public anxiety rekindled by the events of Bloody Friday, with the war on terror marching into yet another year, no end in sight Yawns -- his eyelids flutter -- he shudders awake, digs in his grocery bag for the No Doz and shakes out half a dozen.
We need to look inward -- attend to our own house -- the danger to our country is not from some terrorists at large -- terrorists we've helped engender with twenty years of failed foreign policy -- An open cabinet door behind Marco reveals ROWS AND ROWS OF INSTANT NOODLES in the cupboard.
A poised, silvery, avuncular man, SENATOR THOMAS JORDAN (according to the title on the screen) on the podium:no, the real danger is from suspending civil liberties, gutting the Bill of Rights, allowing our fear to destroy our democratic ideals The same speech continues, largely ignored by Congressman RAYMOND PRENTISS SHAW.
I'm sorry, for a second there I thought it was your father speaking -- that dreaded Shaw blood rising -- and the stink of defeat made me nauseous.
I'm not sharp -- The meds help you sleep.
(ignores) -- and suddenly your own bad dreams come charging back.
Made worse by your chronic fear of them.
Beat.
Are you back on your meds?
Beat.
Beat.
In America, our mothers and grandmothers shouldn't have to worry about that.
The pretty woman is sitting down opposite him, folding and pushing aside a newspaper with the headline: WHITE HOUSE INSISTS WAR ON TERROR IS STILL 8/18/03 50.
Still.
-- and LURCHING toward the back of the train, nearly losing his balance as he goes through the sliding doors.Marco catches himself, hands against the bulkhead wall near the bathroom.
Fear.
Hides the blood.
Well, imagine how terrified your people were yesterday when Major Marco showed up at the airport and you invited him -- my God, invited him -- to tag along.
I started with nightmares, sir.
TVA163Cold tapestry of images behind the MAJOR MEDIA ICON: TVA163the five-term Senator -- and recent front-runner for his party's vice presidential nomination -- appears to have accidentally drowned when his kayak overturned near his Chesapeake Bay home.
Police say his daughter, Jocelyn, 35, may have been trying to rescue Jordan when she was, herself, overcome by the icy water an impromptu stand-up with visibly-shaken presidential candidate Arthur outside ARTHUR-SHAW campaign headquarters: Horrible, horrible thing.
I mean, it's either you're telling it straight and we've all got something big-time to worry about, or you're crazy and dangerous -- either way we've had to keep you on a short leash, 'cuz if we lock you up we'll never know.
We can fight it.
Stop.
He was suffering.
Oh, listen to you, Gloomy Gus.
Phillip watches with deep worry as another guard keeps him there.
What the hell are you doing!?
I'm an attorney.
But the other lawyer does.
You let me worry about the money sweetheart.
Anyway he tells me he's worried about her- mamma was gone.
Lawyers!
(to ball) Oh yeah!
Steven is worried.
Hi Mister Ru-- She leaves, terrified.
He hangs up.
Terrified, the woman runs away.
We miss you is what it is.
A worried Phillip comes to greet him.
Panic sets in as he pushes repeatedly to no avail.
Go away!
Pale.
He looks concerned.
Kill it.
That's a cut.
I'm going to have a heart attack!
Cut.
What's the line?
I was worried about Danny.
You were so worried about Danny.
That's an anxiety dream.
Until you change it.
This is an emergency.
That's great: I freak out in my dream; I freak out in your dream.
And... cut.
That's a cut.
You're a little anxious.
Let's call it an Anxiety Dream, and Tito represents the anxiety.
Cut.
That's a cut.
A laugh right there heightens our sense of... of... Anxiety.
I've missed you.
I missed you.
I'm at a loss, then.
You punishing me?
The one with the snake?
Because she'll scare them away.
I'm gettin' there The only thing people know about me is that I'm "scary".
Flog me.
Look up, sunshine I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights.
Like my fear of wearing pastels?
Then he broke up with me.
(dreading the answer) So tell me about this dance.
You're freaked over this, aren't you?
The eye of the storm is Clyde on the lawn, hugging his knees, fetal with horror and grief.
Divorced.
They're horrifying.
He suddenly comes to.
It catches in his throat.
A cop.
(beat) Hello?
Hear.
Did I stutter?
Ten years he's been planning this? * Patient people make me nervous.
(off Nick's look) Public sympathy is to be respected and feared.
Scared the shit out of me.
(stirs) Daddy...? I had a nightmare.
Davies shakes their hands: Fellas.
He clamps down hard with both hands, blood going everywhere.
Don't be worried or scared.
On the outside.
Attacking a guard.
She embraces him, fears and emotions swirling.
Same way the Russians killed Litvenenko.
Nick is suddenly hit with a momentary sense of dread.
The room is swallowed in a DETONATION -- -- which BLOWS OUT THE ROOM IN A HUGE EXPLOSION, the rows of windows vanishing in a storm of flame and shattering glass... Judge Burch and the others gasp as the explosion lights up the night from the building across the way... Nick slams on his brakes -- he cranes forward, gazing up in horror as the explosion is reflected in his windshield...
Because I'm hanging it on yours.
Fired.
ANGLE FINDS Nick, Dunnigan, and Davies looming over the nervous security guard: What floor?
I will not take that risk!
Beat.
(doesn't rise, again shakes with both hands) Yes.
An attorney?
(checks watch) ... It's late, I'm afraid it's time for my patients to prepare for bed.
I've missed you.
I'm afraid so.
(hesitates) ... I'm... (pause) ... I'm very grateful that you're here, Chauncey... (pause) ... With us ... So am I, Eve.
We'll both be watching.
(they shake) Hello, Dennis.
(in Russian) We have nothing on him, Ambassador Skrapinov.
Hmmm... Take this down.
Watch?
She gets down on her knees and takes his face in her hands.
Stop here.
Lila is asleep next to a rattling propane heater.
They barely avoid the oncoming headlights of another smuggler's car crossing the ice.
Stop.
I can't take the call right now, but if it's you, Troy, please at least tell me you're alive, because the boys are worried about you.
It's dead.
It's dead.
Ray stares at it, afraid to speak.
Ray stares at the back of the car, afraid to speak.
She's a smuggler.
That's a shock.
No, it was our house.
That was an accident.
He shakes it off.
Slow down!
We gotta crawl out the window.
But you gotta get there quick, before the police, `cause T.J. will get scared.
I don't want him to get scared, you know.
I don't think you have much to worry about judging from the look of them, probably brought here to work in the sex trade.
Under protest.
Swell.
They stopped.
One phone call and he's mine again.
Assault.
And I'm afraid this time they'll blow the bus.
-- So who are you afraid of betraying?
They killed him.
Only the crazies.
So I'm a fanatic.
From the ground.
It was crazy but I did what I had to do.
They are now face to face with the most fearsome killing machine in the history of man.
Surveilling me?
At this rate.
They needed to get out.
(trembling) Sharon, they are all dead but the last cell and they are crazy with fear.
(with rising terror) But it's over, your point's been made, why spill any more blood?
Shoot.
Shoot.
Slow down.
Rebels?
What rebels?
Homework?
I'm afraid I can't do that, Mr. Daglish.
Where did you get this blood?
Traitor!
But I fear it's intention may have been to kill the peace accords and spark a civil war between the Hutu Militia and the Tutsi rebels.
Stop this.
They are being evacuated.
It is urgent.
(fearful) Where are we going, sir?
Oliver shakes his head no.
It is dangerous to be here.
Go help the children.
Watch.
I'm sorry to tell you this but we've heard rumors the Militia are getting ready to storm the hotel.
I don't have the fuel for this convoy.
No, Paul, they're afraid.
(nervous now) I led no massacres.
It's the rebels.
The pounding of construction ringing in their ears as this skyscraper, a tribute to mankind's greed, grows daily, casting an ominous shadow over their lives, filling them with dread even as they are surrounded in a black, toxic fog, blocking out the sun while poisoning their lungs!
(horrified) Tootsie!
They took blood?
Aren't you giving an exam?
Do I have a case?
Dizziness?
Nightmares?
I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days.
They're frightened for themselves, their families... Maybe it's the homo angle.
They sabotaged me.
You had contact with someone who has AIDS, and you're worried.
We were sitting in the same room, three, four feet... What if you shake hands?
You carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid.
But it there's something in your past you're worried about... Thanks, Doc, but I don't need an AIDS test.
Are you crazy?
Compassion?
Hang in there.
Broke it.
To be honest, I'm worried about Mommy and Daddy.
And, in their panic, they did what most of us would like to do with AIDS... Get it, and the people who have it, as far away from us as possible.
It's disgusting.
You're scared.
I am so scared.
I had a blood transfusion today.
I still am.
I didn't tell the others, I was afraid to... ... But now, we're standing up for ourselves... ... But we shouldn't have fired him... ... It's time to get this society back on track!
(dire) Where is he?
A beat.
--an you hear me?!
You still there?
I'm hanging up now.
Concerned, but not panicked.
Watching.
The furniture in this abandoned house is all covered with sheets giving the entire place a creepy, haunted feel.
Closer and closer, until we ENTER the phone and TRAVEL THROUGH THE WIRES to -- As we PULL BACK we see that we're in the Ford Bronco, racing through: Ryan guns the engine as Jessica panics on the other end of the phone.
There's an ungodly amount of opposing traffic-- But suddenly there's a break in the flow!
What?! Did you lose him?
Dreading talking to Jessica, Ryan slowly picks up the receiver.
He shoots.
(staring at the gun) Not exactly... SFX: BEEP-BEEP!! Jessica starts growing afraid.
Greer winds up and BAM! Hits Jessica in the stomach, knocking the wind out of her and causing her to fall to the ground.
(threatening) Shoot.
Helpless.
Oh Jesus!! Jessica drains ghost-white.
Jessica watches in horror as Hodges begins to slowly DRAW HIS GUN.
She closes her eyes, praying Greer won't hear it-- But Greer does hear it.
He strides back into the room, listening to the noise under her voice.
Afraid, she shuts her mouth... and prays.
Are you still there?
Lady?! Suddenly, STATIC starts drowning out Ryan's side of the call.
YOU HEAR ME?!
Dread.
Craig's eyes swell with fear.
Has more difficulty.
As it pulls off the road onto the driveway of the kidnappers safe house and parks.
Scans the cobweb-filled room, seeing nothing -- then from the depths of the shadows, Jessica materializes looking haunted and lifeless as a ghost.
Afraid to move.
Terrified to discuss Craig.
Trembling.
His leg threatening to rabbit-foot again.
And more terrifying, GREER stops picking up shell casings, turning his head ominously toward the CAMERA!
rush inside-- ANGLE THREE: The COPS rush inside the building, consult the Directory... ANGLE FOUR: Craig, panicked, reaches over to the DVD Recorder -- THE LAPTOP MONITOR -- ALL STATIC.
-- but he's frozen in fear at all the noise and dust.
We're gonna go home!
As Jessica watches in horror: Careens down the driveway and crashes into a pillar.
But not until they're both out of danger.
Where the hell were you! ?
Do you hear me?
Tomlin recovers and raises his GUN to get a bead on Ryan, but it causes the crowd around him to PANIC.
(lets that sink in, then) Our Shakespeare is a cypher, a ghost; his biography made not by history... but by conjecture.
A play? (to the Dwarf) Plays are the work of the devil, born from a cesspool of plague, whoredom, thievery, fornication, and heresy.
24 (beat) By whom?
(concerned) But what was it about?
Murdered!
(beat) But...
Young Oxford looks worried.
48 ...and in the fear of god, duly considering the causes for which matrimony was ordained.
He looks beaming over to... ...to be brought up in the fear and nurture of the Lord and praise of God.
Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars.
He's quickly joined by a few comrades-- and it quickly becomes a madhouse; half play, half real fight, as more audience members join the "battle".
Would you risk England for him?
To the Tower?
She abandoned me.
Bessie carefully closes Oxford's bedroom door and suddenly freezes.
She is crushed.
Arrest them both!
Servants scurry behind them, terrified of the intrusion, trying to stop them.
They open the doors into-- The ladies-in-waiting scream in fear when they see the two men in battle gear.
Abandoning his post without my leave!
He bites his nails nervous.
...and now instead of mounting barded steeds to fright the souls of fearful adversaries, he capers nimbly in a lady's chamber to the lascivious pleasing of a lute.
Essex looks concerned, but says no more.
118 Shakespeare watches from backstage, getting more and more nervous by the audience's reaction.
The actors are getting nervous.
His throat still hurts.
It's big money, and they put it to use... ... The government got scared.
The place is as dangerous as a snakepit.
E.L.C. attack platoon...
Is there a problem?
He's in the jungle...
A long, livid scar marks the wound.
Beat.
He stops.
The greenery suddenly transforms into two men wearing face-paint and full-body military camouflage gear and pointing twin cocked-and-locked CAR-15 assault rifles at the heads of the startled guerrillas.
Beat.
Beat.
Gordy shakes it off and starts running.
And you're too dangerous to travel with.
Armstrong shakes hands with Gordy.
He stops.
They approach the Suburban and the house once more.
Suddenly, an open man gets the ball.
There's a beat.
Beat.
He realizes the horror of what will happen.
pile out of the house.
Dark and dank.
Another bomb?
What about the asylum?
Beat.
I saw only parts of the building... I'm sorry.
He said he wanted the people of America to feel the terror.
OFF which, as they're swallowed up by the dark garage -- Brandt, Phipps, Dray, Selena and Gordy -- along with the rest of the entourage -- walk through the interagency nerve center.
Gordy carries Mauro, still asleep.
Beat.
A parked car suddenly pulls out in front of the speeding Ducati.
The car's driver, frightened and flustered by the near collision, is slow moving out of the way.
He sags.
Why are we stopping again?
Why do we stop here?
"You're fired."
(visibly worried) I tell ya I never -- (quickly) Save it -- (to Miss Martin) Matter of fact -- Bob, here, says that the hide he saw yesterday had the K.C. brand on it.
Oh -- hmmm -- well, what do you intend doing about it?
(mystified) What are you doing?
Went to sleep soon's we laid him down.
Dave's an ornery old cuss when he gets goin' -- No shape to drive on, I'm afraid.
He's taken a beating this last week would shake a better man.
(shaking his head) No more tonight, son.
(flaming) You took it at the point of a gun -- (suddenly whipping a revolver from her saddle holster) -- and I'm taking it back the same way!
So I can fire him.
I do not blame you, but I fear I must hate you.
I'm afraid there's one man you can't rawhide into jumping the way you want.
No -- I'm afraid I don't.
-- Robbing -- armed robbery at that.
(has had about enough) Listens, you -- (suddenly controls himself) There's nothing in there that'd interest you.
(shaking) Me? No! Oh yes you do.
It is dangerous, senorita.
Afraid?
(genuinely concerned) Oh, Mr. Rocklin -- please -- I think Auntie is out of her mind -- she's in her room -- laughing.
I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer.
(suddenly frantic) Get out of there!
Horrible!
I'm afraid there is no next course.
I can hear you.
What did you hear?
Is he being punished?
I would be happy to sample one however I'm afraid I haven't the finance with me just now.
She cuts herself off.
You'll scare the poor slob away.
(moving to the door) This is always the scary part.
Do you miss him?
You owe it to him.
We'll miss you.
It's too big a risk.
Coretta, sun catch me tip-toein' out your door and no tellin' what your neighbors say... Dupree run through his money, fall asleep on me.
The letter from Mouse was worrying me in more ways than one...
(suddenly alarmed) This ain't your friend's car?
You arresting me?
I'm afraid I'd better have someone go with me.
Daphne-- I can understand why you'd be nervous... because I threatened you with Coretta... I'm very sorry, but I couldn't think of any other way to get you to come.
(dangerously) Where is she?
(continuing; panicked) Easy, wait!
Carter fumbles in his wallet, and too nervous to count the money, shoves the wallet at Easy.
(terrified) Frank!
Cut me in on this.
They'd be dead.
You crazy!
And he was laying up there dead with the same suit on and a knife in his chest.
(last warning) Sit down.
I didn't touch nothin' in his house!
Hell, yeah.
Let him live, Raymond, and he be scared whenever you walk in the room.
Motherfucker better be scared.
I kill him!
His head on his chest, he's sound asleep.
You leave, he's worried but he can't even get his buddies in the police department to help him find you...
Joppy's yelling, afraid that Easy's gun will go off.
SCREAM!
And they'll hear it.
The kind more akin to fear than the word itself...
The kind that fries your skin with the cold chill of horror.
But I gotta go.
Shoot.
I'm gonna go to work for myself.
Is he dead?
Stop it!
What the hell is that?
What the hell are they doing in there?
I was going to listen to it last night but I -- -- feel asleep.
(in French) What is that a threat?
That should shake things up.
(freaking out) This is bad.
We're dead.
Too risky.
You have enough to worry about, Angelo.
A debt is a debt.
You killed her.
Go away.
Listen I'm afraid there has been a big-- (overlapping; in French) -- I've got the tapes.
The tapes are in the wooden chest.
Accident.
Accident.
There's a pain.
Who the hell are you?
Shoot him.
You bitch!
It was an accident.
Now that's too bad.
Now can you go away?
Poor thing.
Now why'd you go and scare the nice man like that?
The bitch.
She tortures me.
BOBBY (sarcastic) Do we shake hands?
It can't be done at the house.
Are there snakes out here?
How are you going to get out of here?
It gets down to one thing -- are you a human being or are you one of those hungry ghosts out there never satisfied with nothing?
Cops.
I hear you.
Who's cursed?
I cursed them.
Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark.
It's when you wish the sun was bakin' high in the sky so you could see what it is you're afraid of.
You afraid of the dark?
Afraid of it?
People are afraid of what they can't see.
Just like your Mama, always scared of things... Well, well.
But it's the horror movies you'll be remembered for.
Can we talk about the horror movies now?
Still.
The central nervous system selects items from a constant storm of sensations.
We'll watch it.
Funny is funny and scary is scary.
More your line.
And the fear you showed at our last session?
Disgust, fear of the unknown -- all part of the great gulf that stands between us.
Monsters?
Blast her.
He missed out.
I am still here.
You're crazy.
But she senses that Carrie is both perfectly serious and quite worried, and she too glances warily over at the White house just beyond the half-grown hedge.
Carrie now really scared shakes her head and disappears farther into the hedge.
Stop that!
Stop that!
Suddenly their motions are ARRESTED.
Margaret doesn't sit, and Eleanor flees into the kitchen.
She struggles.
Now change up.
A struggle.
Which he does; he manages to touch her arm, and it's a weird moment, this contact.
A beat.
(beat) Okay.
Watching him.
Did you hear me?
Doan worry, piggies, doan worry.
I'm gonna bash your fuckin' heads in, and you woan have to worry `bout the bomb no more.
And fear.
(confiding) I'm really nervous.
(beat) But it's over with.
There's still your boat.
He pauses for a moment, surveying the gym floor and the anxious prom-goers.
Fromm starts heading toward the stage to get control of the microphone, to stop the panic.
Watching, riveted with horror, some of them screaming, others frozen to the spot as the cyc CRACKLES.
The light bar begins to shake.
Helen Shyres is backed into a corner, giggling with horror, in shock, utterly hysterical.
Terror and disbelief.
Nightmare.
And the ground is swallowing up the house.
That was serious for a while.
This is dangerous!
Be still.
What the hell.
We have a problem.
And the watch.
Hit the panic button!
But it wasn't literal - there wasn't a kid lying there with a gaping hole in his chest.
Sorry to be a wet blanket, folks.
Will you cut it out?
Why does cash suddenly appear, every time you are near?
Don't do a dance with me... (still clowning) You mean you don't want the extra free gift of a colorful giant map of the world??? (distressed) Sidney, please, dear, if you feel nervous... (with cruelty) So what'll you do if I feel nervous?
If that's for me, tear it up!
He wants me to go on the road with them.
I skip the pleading nervous bit that sometimes blends over into bluster.
There is some allusion here that escapes me... (an edge of threat) We're friends, Harvey - we go as far back as when you were a fresh kid Congressman, don't we?
Why does everything you say sound like a threat?
What is this, blackmail?
Beat it!
What am I missing here?
You're a snake, Falco.
R.O. - (hangs up and walks to street) We shall see what we shall see... (lazily) And don't ever use this apartment phone again; I have a nervous sister.
They were just here - in a panic... Who was just there?
(unturning) You hear that, Susie... (to Steve) Continue please... (shaking his head) I'm afraid I can't cope with them.
But your manner is so threatening that she's afraid to speak!
But what a world it would be if we were all afraid to learn to walk and talk because it might offend poppa!
Something got you scared, Sidney...? Listen, rectify me a certain thing.
(walking away) She'll be fast asleep in five minutes, loaded with those headache pills... Now we'll get to you, Sidney.
(acid) Let me finish what I started to say - (coming forward) What a cornball you are, Sidney... (anxiously) Susie! (in growing fear) (with authority) Susie, this is J.J.! Open up! (wildly) No! NO! Don't touch me! (sharply) Susan!... (her body shaking) Go away!...Go away!... (sobbing bitterly) (in a choked voice) Talk to her, Sidney... (hushed) Talk to her yourself... Yuh...Yuh... (he listens) Just a minute... (turning back to Susan) Susie, it's Mr. D'Angelo - from the hospital... Yes...yes...yes... (speaking with difficulty) Steve...is out of danger... (soberly) That means a lot to you? Yes.
Stop!
Stop!
Turning dreams into Nightmares.
What fear?
No one's been afraid of you since the Dark Ages! Oh, the Dark Ages.
Everyone frightened.
But then the Man in the Moon chose you to replace my fear with your wonder and light!
Hahahahaha!...Don't fight the fear, little man.
It's fear.
Afraid?
People's greatest fears.
But you're afraid of what the Guardians will think.
You're afraid of disappointing them.
Stop it!
Nightmares.
No, they'll fear both of us.
Jack, I'm scared.
Jack, I'm scared.
Jack, I'm scared.
Yeah! Mate, you are a sight for sore eyes!
There will always be fear!
They can't be my Nightmares, I'm not afraid.
Looks like it's your fear they smell.
That is wicked!
(indicates the dark room) Yeah, that's a big relief.
(worried) You thinkin bout closing down?
That woman scares me.
He used to come to the dinner table with a sense of dread.
Where you hear that?
He meets the Sheriff's eyes, trying to strike a balance between defiant and submissive- Where you headed?
Reverend Cutlip shifts gear, filling his voice with a sense of dread and warning- But you got to pay attention to who it is walking beside you, Brothers and Sisters, got to be wary against those who will hold you back from your journey!
Hospital?
(concerned) What you gonna do with it?
She shakes flour off, unzips it- Nothing inside.
Don't have no fightin, don't have no killin, don't have none of that dismal nonsense in my house.
Holding her is dangerous.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force... as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
I fear something terrible has happened.
I'm afraid she's scheduled to be terminated.
The Force is with him.
Blast it, will you!
I'm taking an awful risk, Vader.
Blast it!
Watch yourself!
What about the tower?
Can you hear me?
I'm afraid it isn't true.
That rules out the scientific and engineering applications, and I'm afraid we reserve non-military options for candidates who are frankly less able-bodied than you are, son...
You'll resign, and that's all there is to it.
Suddenly he's afraid he's never gonna see me again or something.
It's exciting, but it's scary, too isn't it.
MEDIC !
I'm afraid you'll hate me, and I couldn't stand that.
It's war !
The Federal Court met moments ago and voted unanimously for mobilization to destroy the Arachnid threat.
Great scars.
What do I want with a scar ?
Johnny...! Medic... MEDIC...! Oh, God... Oh, God, help me... please help me...! Take my hand !
There's a war on.
Dismissed.
That's crazy !
My present location is 42 degrees South by 176 degrees East... situation is extremely hostile... We've gotta go get her !
It's afraid.
That's O.K. I'll worry about that later.
(to himself) You're under arrest.
She died.
I'm a single mother and I needed a job.
He needed a job.
They don't live here -- I do! (sotto) Nick honey -- the kids are real nervous about the Spring concert.
Afraid of a little water?
It was a accident!
You're firing me?
Threatening Henry?
A disaster.
You nervous, Mr. Perlman?
Don't get more than thirty minutes worth of nervous!
Treachery, ma'am.
Majesty, we have proven reason to fear every Catholic in the land - Fear creates fear, sir.
Why stop there?
The threats to your person are real.
She goes on to the steps at the foot of the altar, and kneels to pray.
Double Pink revision 18 July - p.8 Let's pray, Bess.
May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
I die.
You live with fear, in the grip of fear - fear of storms, fear of sickness on board, fear of the immensity.
How can you escape?
So you must drive your fear down, deep into your belly, and study your charts, and watch your compass, and pray for a fair wind - and hope.
He's the TORTURER.
What's he dying for?
Reston puts his hands on Babington's shoulders and gently but irresistibly forces him down to pray with them.
Because I was afraid.
I was afraid that he was lying to me.
He sees the horror in her eyes, at the thought that she has sent an innocent man to his death.
I am to be obeyed.
Since when were you so afraid?
Yes, I am afraid.
Then - You fear your soul will be touched.
orchid revisions 28 june - p.79A Elizabeth closes her eyes.
A gasp of horror from the spectators.
may 1 blue draft 28 June - p. 83 Philip of Spain is a God-fearing man.
Do you hear me?
Spanish sailors watch in horror as the spreading flames of the fire-ships move inexorably toward them.
Philip stares in horror at the flickering candle.
42 142 Chaos and panic amongst the Spanish sailors as the fire- ship approaches.
From beneath, we see the hulls collide.
He goes down on his knees.
Eighteen is a little early to be worrying about your age.
But humans, a little poison, dagger to the heart.
You're too fragile.
And frankly, it's scaring the hell outta me, and your mother.
I mean, at first I was worried.
This is dangerous.
Stop.
Are insane.
(trying to figure it out) The more dangerous... the more real it was.
You hear that?
(sudden mock-horror) God, you're right, you're like Satan -- Yo, Jake, you in there?
People are scared.
You look scared.
Stop.
God, I'm sorry.
That's... too bad.
Threaten him.
No, that's too dangerous -- I'll take the risk.
You just have to... stop.
They're too dangerous.
We took out that leech with the dreads easy enough.
She deserves a shot at a normal life -- But see, you don't have to worry about that, not anymore -- Why, Rose?
Kill me!
That's harsh.
I love the scar on her neck from this operation she had as a kid.
I hate that centipede-shaped scar.
Watch.
Hanging out?! Yeah.
So, basically you do want to ask the question, `are we boyfriend/girlfriend?' You're just afraid you'll get an answer you don't want and that will shatter your illusions of how good everything's been these past few months.
Now back to work you go.
I've been crazy.
It's suicidal.
And it's painful.
Are you here to interview?
Are you interviewing?
Symptoms may include fever, sore throat, headaches, white patches on the back of your throat, swollen glands, sluggishness and loss of appetite.
He walks up the steps to the LOBBY ENTRANCE of his building... Suddenly, he stops in his tracks.
What the hell are you doing?
KUMAR looks nervous.
Then, suddenly, the SECURITY GUARD from before appears in the hallway with ANOTHER Hey, you!
Suddenly, KUMAR pulls the car over to the side of the road... Now what are you doing?
Suddenly, A CREEPY GUY (FROM OUT OF NOWHERE) walks over to him.
Kumar looks at the Creepy Guy -- totally confused.
The Creepy Guy simply goes about his business.
On the operating table is a PATIENT BLEEDING FROM HIS CHEST.
The Patient is scared.
With a quick thrust, Kumar jabs the needle into the Patient's chest, causing a rush of air!
(scared shitless) Uhh...you said outside that we can have sex with her! FREAK SHOW runs over to HAROLD and grabs him by the collar!
Are you crazy?
Is there a problem?
Harold is scared shitless.
That's only because they sound scary.
HUGEST ANGRIEST BLACK GUY gives Harold the same scary look from before.... FREAK SHOW is shoveling some burgers from the ground into a wheelbarrow.
Kumar is scared as shit.
He's scared shitless.
You know, my whole life I've been afraid being just another nerdy Indian guy turned doctor.
Somewhere between that, getting yelled at by my dad, and seeing Neil Patrick Harris, I realized that I've always wanted to be a doctor-- I've just been too scared to admit it.
Beats me.
Let's shake hands.
And the social.
I'm dictating it.
I had a toothache.
Toothache.
She's afraid to go in.
I didn't used to be afraid of it.
Did those two muscle heads shake you down?
Who'd you steal it from?
Who'd he steal it from?
God-fearing girl.
Back to work!
The fork is the least of your worries, Claude.
Armed robbery.
They're convicts.
Nagger?
I handled your mama, didn't I? Don't y'all worry.
Hell with him.
This boat's gonna sail without you, too.
Scared me at first.
Hell with you then.
Is there a problem?
You're a Czech national and you're a Russian national.
I coulda had my head blown off and for what?
Okay, you're under arrest!
My Uncle Tony worked with you at 2-1 back when you were a rookie.
She stripped me!
How you erase this?
What the hell is that??
It's my fire!
The Slavs have been fighting the Germans and the Russians for a thousand years.
Clerk said the room was rented by a Russian... I'll come with you.
This is his case.
Tall, short-haired, scary eyes.
Daphne, will you be coming back to work?
Cut.
Is she the kid you're gonna save from the burning building?
Divorced.
What is your problem?
You were merciless.
Hiding.
Always afraid that someone would find out who I was.
Hang up.
I've been threatened by better than you.
He's surrendered.
What's your cut?
I'm abused.
Drop it off.
Cut.
Oh, I forgot your burnt hands.
I'm afraid they're unfit for further service in that direction.
Their nervous systems are deranged, disorganized, brittle.
We crashed.
In the war?
Your hands... Oh, your poor hands!
(nervous) Hey, stop it, will ya?
Wheeeee! (nervous) Stop it!
Stop it!
A cemetery.
(concerned) You've been invited?
(suddenly serious) Cary, why does Shep Lambert go on drinking so desperately?
In the war.
Well, you see, a tic is a nervous habit.
(uneasy) I'm afraid for Abelard.
It's getting dark.
(flustered) Well, I'm afraid you won't have time for a drink.
Is that so dangerous?
That's the last of Francis, I'm afraid.
Before the war.
He had died once.
They beat him.
Stop it!
Hi, Curly.
She was an immigrant.
What's an immigrant?
What'd she die of?
That looked like *your* knife--what I seen of it.
I think he worried about his own heart.
This is an assault.
A beat.
This is my fear.
Before he's forewarned.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 40.
A beat.
Worried?
Twisting a gold cufflink like a worry bead.
Suddenly he sobers.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 59.
Russian Embassy.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 61.
Squeak.
Squeak.
Russian Embassy, yeah.
Why the FUCK would they go to the Russians?! ... Why the FUCK... ... I'm sorry.
He looks up at the dark house, squinting against the rain.
Hey! Yellow Revision 8/24/07 72.
(abashed) Yellow Revision 8/24/07 73.
Burn the body.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 86.
Foreigner?
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 87.
Russian embassy.
No! I----I'm terribly worried about my associate.
She hangs up.
... He's in coma.
If he wakes up we'll worry about it then.
She's dying.
(yells) This will be!
what the hell is . . .
Now! What the hell are you doing?
deformity.
Look if you're worried about PR don't be.
God damnit!
He's dead.
We have an emergency!
On my watch!
Robot huh? Kay-em 14. Barbie from hell... Cybernetics science droid, fluent in over six... Yeah 3cpo, I saw STAR WARS, now how about you help me get out of this coffin, Barbie... I'm afraid I cannot assist.
You need to get laid!
We should hear her out!
You're crazy!
But... Damnit, he's got them.
Yeah, that's it, scare the hell out of here, that'll work.
Can you hear me?! Yeah.
You scared the hell out of me! Give me a break!
Hang on.
She had no titties on her chest; that didn't bother me, For what she had between her legs was big enough for three.
Bomb?
You killed him?
I'm pulling, damnit!
You're too weak.
(nervous) Okay, good tip.
I missed you too.
You are fired.
Still sore?
Said he was scared.
I'm not selling my house.
It was so disgusting.
The creepy guy.
I didn't think he was creepy.
Stop here.
Where's your arm?
She stops.
That was her line.
The trestle starts to shake.
Will you die?
Stars and grease and metal and night collide.
Dad! Daddy! Rose throws the bathroom door open in a panic.
Damn it dad, you scared me.
Winston looks nervous.
It was an accident.
It was an accident.
How do you burn down a house, Norah?
She burnt down a house.
I didn't lose the house.
You're starting to freak me out.
Stop it.
You scared the hell out of me! Oh, wow.
You sabotage.
Stop.
You're killing me.
Be afraid.
You scared me.
Oh, you can say paralyzed.
I was afraid if I waited any longer it would all pass me by, and I'd miss my chance.
I...I'm stunned.
What's sorry going to do? Oh, I thought you were in your room.
I miss you.
I miss you, too.
I'm afraid I'm going to scare him away.
I'm disgusting.
And truthfully, I'm kind of scared of them.
(woozy, afraid) I don't think that's the baby's hair.
(afraid) I think it's the placenta.
All of a sudden it just hit me, what am I waiting for?
What am I so afraid of?
I'd slap you right now, but I'm afraid your teeth would fly out.
Do you want me to call your scary lesbian friends from your group?
What the hell are you doing here?
I'd get an irrigation ditch so squirmin' full of repented sinners I pretty near *drowned* half of 'em! (Sighing) But not no more.
He got a knife in me and I laid him out with a shovel.
(terrified) You're *trespassin'*!
(In sudden terror as he approaches) Tommy, you didn't *bust* out, didya?
I was so scared we was goin' away without you--and we'd never see each other again.
You don't have to worry about that.
(Suddenly sniffing) I smell spareribs.
We got a sick ol' lady.
(shocked) When?
An' that's why you didn't want 'em to look? (nodding) I was afraid they'd stop us an' wouldn't let us cross.
What'd you hear?
(shaking his head) No cop can come in here without a warrant.
Government.
You busted it!
You hear?
Riot?
Drop it.
(concerned) You been in too many rough ones lately, Kid.
So all the men are scared silly about what the soldiers will do to them.
Shooter!
(startled) At the what?
Shooter here.
Rough how? Tuesday there was a ball game, but then the Cardinals went on the road.
You been scared of The Kid? Should I be scared of him?
Nooo, a man can't do that.
Worrying takes time and we don't have a lot.
It's worse than that.
I might have to kill myself.
I'm obsessed.
Violent panic!
I fear they will never allow me to keep Albert.
He's dead.
Uh... I'm afraid they've already been sent.
Francois wanted to torch the trailer where it sits, but I've convinced him a parking lot will reduce the risk of collateral damage.
He's on with the police.
Is he under arrest?
Under arrest?
I'm afraid Lance and Wally got into a terrible row.
Who died?
"R-Bomb"?
Then come back and we'll work with you.
A procedure.
I'm new to this coll ge life and, I confess, she sca es e This whole place scares me.
I woke up this morning so nervous about the first day of school.
That's me! Read this book Follow (he laughs mock That usually scares people.
Yet none of you have fled.
My bad.
We're being invaded!
Shake hands.
Don t worry.
Bang her.
My helmet?
Do you have a crush on me?
What the hell are you doing here?
And he always told me, the taking off part is easy, it's the landing you've got to worry about.
Prisoner in.
Prisoner in.
Your offense?
Intriguing.
Murder.
The murder.
Not for you to worry.
You have your intrigues.
For murder?
Slow down.
And I will be watching.
The mafia.
De lo contrario vas a quedar como un marica sin horror.
This is my operation.
Don't you dare step one foot in this house.
I'm afraid there is a problem, Mr. Jung.
I'm afraid your funds have been appropriated by the Panamanian Government... What are we going to do?!
Miss?
Miss?
I'm sorry, baby.
It's getting dark.
Now you gone and done it, Raines And they flee ... They're gone... What's going on -- ?
Crazy.
I didn't want you to worry.
Till it falls asleep.
Hell, yeah.
Yeah Tell him to lay off Kip and them Tell him it's on Any idea how you're gonna go at it?
You hear me?
Hell, yeah.
That bugged me.
We've got to shake them tomorrow night.
And there's only one more night ... Getting nervous, Ray?
Nervous?
I'm nervous.
Donny's nervous.
Everyone's nervous.
"Snake."
"Snake."
Let me worry about The Club ... No worries ... I've got you floored... We're off ... Take the curb... Man, can you corner... Know not to get on it ... Momentum shift ... Don't get on those brakes too hard ... Get her up on her tires.
Hospital.
A tragedy.
Hell, yeah.
Some days I'm afraid -- I'm afraid I'll go berserk, rip the Elvis Costello mobile from the ceiling, throw the "Country Artists Male A-K" rack out onto the streets, go off to work in a Virgin Megastore and never come back -- I'm looking for a record for my daughter.
Rob.
That's weird, isn't it?
You spend Christmas at somebody's house, you know, and you worry about their operations and you see them in their bathrobe, and...
That's insane.
That is perverse.
But there are so many other things to worry about.
One day Laura's sorry and guilty, and the next she's scared and angry, and I'm entirely responsible for the transformation, and it doesn't do my case any good at all.
Gotta go.
What the hell?
They're into death.
It's got that creepy Halloween feeling.
I lost it, and I didn't want to blow my top in there, and... look, the reason I fucked everything up was because I was scared.
I didn't mess things up because I was scared.
Where's Rob?
This is the way it is now: You can't find the heart of anything to stick the knife.
What a loss.
I live in fear of hearing my name called.
On this side - a sledgehammer gripped in Richie's fist, on the move, suddenly fills the frame.
You know the Number 1 fear of most people isn't dying; it's public speaking.
They regard each other again in silence ... As a police captain counts the stacks of money, Lou Toback, Richie's superior from the prosecutors office, walks in, his night out interrupted by this emergency.
As Richie leaves alone, he's aware of all the eyes on him - knowing the other cops' looks don't signify awe or respect, but contempt and fear, like Rivera predicted.
You need a job?
In the jar.
Is he dead?
He's dead.
I'm dead.
Comes past Richie who grabs his arm and pushes the sleeve up exposing a line of puncture scabs and scars.
She's stunned.
For the cops.
And they're fearless.
Strong enough to smoke for all those suburban white kids afraid of needles.
So I hear.
How dangerous it is.
Are you crazy?
Now, I can take care of him in New York, but I don't want to have to worry every time he drives across the bridge to Jersey someone's gonna take another shot at him.
I'm crazy.
The war's over.
Suddenly, there's a LOUD RUMBLING o.s.
Rain is knocked out of the clouds and lands in one big THWUMP!
Monitors line the wall showing hundreds of news reports from around the globe; panic, chaos and pandemonium.
Detonate.
As he succeeds, the noise mutates to the Vogon Captain's voice.
He stops.
Thy suppurations are to me as plerdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee.
What the hell are you doing here?
Arthur recoils in horror, instinctively raises his fists.
Zaphod wrestles with Head 2 while A THIRD ARM springs out of Zaphod's chest and PUNCHES ARTHUR in the jaw.
WORRIED MUTTERS FROM THE CROWD.
Stop doing this!
The Jatravartids, who live in perpetual fear 5 52.
They stop.
I'm too depressed.
Destroyed."
Destroyed?
Stunned.
We cannot see the beast but it's screams of hunger are scaring the hell out of Trillian.
And hey,what's this whistling roaring sound going past what I'm suddenly going to call my head?
Camera pulls back from the whale, abandoning it ...
That's it, ground!
Suicide?
Arthur finally gets his legs to move, steps up -- but hesitates at the threshold, paralyzed with fear, unable to take a step.
Ford rolls his eyes, turns... Before he finishes the sentence, a PANEL in the wall slides open revealing a LARGE, SCARY LOOKING GUN.
There's a struggle.
(shuddering) 9 89.
Shoot him again.
She shoots him again.
I was sorry to hear about it being blown up.
Shoot him!!
Is he dead?
Why? What's his problem?
That's what I'm driving for, when the big storm comes and knocks down all the forests and the rocks fall down and the leave's are bare.
There is not the luxury of worrying about how the fallout will settle.
hell is for cowards, for hypocrites who fear to live by the strength of their own convictions.
This is war.
The hell you do.
I'm just so scared of that song.
(freaks) Would you, shush?!
(nervous mumble) What?
What is your problem?
Go home and go to sleep.
Does she sound pissed, scared, hostile?
Did she mention the police?
Stop it!
Stop.
I'm talking about Lois having relaxed her anxiety.
Hear what?
It is mortal.
(high anxiety) My Lord, please!
Kill him!
Kill him!
I am curious as to what manner of creature is so fearsome that it takes six men to attack it.
Have we treed the devil himself?
Kill him!
On your knees, Gisborne.
It was you he was scared of.
He haunts my dreams.
A dark- skinned foreigner.
Kill them!
Kill them!
Kill him.
Kill them both.
I failed him.
It's not the men we fear, sir.
Here are your ghosts, Duncan.
You scare easily, my painted Saladin.
'Twill put hair on your bloomin' chest.
We're outlaws.
(then, to Aslan) Why scare them?
Ah, I feared as much.
They says as 'ow none o' the Sheriff's cronies dare go within miles o' Sherwood for fear o' havin' their pockets pinched.
The journey is fraught with danger.
The only way we can be attacked is from the Nottingham Road.
I am sorry, my lady.
(horror) The painted man!
They have poisoned you.
I will kill him for you.
How did you escape?
Their deaths are a warning.
He is concealed.
(nervous) Why waste fine vintage, my lord?
You can kill my body, but you cannot kill our spirit.
I am your death.
Against a tyrant.
They are rebelling.
Cars pull up onto the boat.
Yeah, she's really worried about Bruce.
Malcolm shakes furiously.
She starts suddenly toward Margot.
It's disgusting to me.
She was in a cult?
Pauline hits him in the chest and starts to walk away.
The threat is not out there.
It's cowardly.
(suddenly terrified) What?
You have a fever.
(suddenly irritable) Claude, stop it.
You were afraid I would go out the back door.
Claude says suddenly: I masturbated last night.
While everyone was asleep I went into the bathroom and did it.
Something to instill fear in the criminal mind.
Did you hear about that?
It was horrible!
Ronnie, can you get her down to my office so the Police can talk to her in private when they arrive.
Sorry to interrupt.
What are you still doing here?
Hell yeah!
This is disgusting.
The world is a scary place with lots of evil everywhere.
So, what do you feel is the greatest danger facing a police officer today?
I just worry about you is all.
I hear you.
Hell yeah!
I'm an outlaw.
I gotta go.
(stunned) What are you doing?
There isn't any (breathless) Oh my God ... (sinking to his knees/ scooping up the remains) Oh my God ... David, stop stressing, you can like-- turn it on normally ... No you can't, Jen! It's a new TV.
(panicking) This isn't funny!
Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore.
It's swell.
Bud ... (a little nervous) Hi ya Bud.
(still panting a little) No, I ... I was just ... worried about her. (oppressively paternal) Bud, your sister's a little older now and she's naturally going to start going out with boys.
I WARNED you.
"Changes."
They have one hour in the back of a car and suddenly they're in technicolor.
Honey--I'm home ... (frightened) What is that?
There's nothing to be afraid of.
(terrified) What do you mean?
(nuts) (terrified) I'm going to leave now.
(as scared as she is) Come on!
(suddenly stronger) C'mere, Dan.
Where's our lawyer?
See, I know you want it to stay "Pleasant" but there are so many things that are so much better: like Silly ... or Sexy ... or Dangerous ... or Wild ... or Brief ... (beat) And every one of those things is in you all the time if you just have the guts to look for them.
A beat.
Musketeers...
Musketeers.
Outlaws.
(as he enters) Look out! (wincing in pain) Aaarrgghh... (in a panic; looking around) Where are they?
Where are the Musketeers?
(alert) What?
Countries align more swiftly than people, I'm afraid.
She scares me too.
You'll miss it, I'm afraid.
But you're wounded.
The Musketeers.
But the Guards.
You're threatening us?
I said, 'A Queen is no different than a barmaid in the dark.
And when he looks at you, do you suddenly forget how to breathe?
Musketeers...
While the English attack from without, I'll undermine the throne from within -- depose you -- and become sovereign of France myself.
The dark forest.
Athos rides into the forest.
(with sudden concern) But, d'Artagnan, if this spy was to find out you are here, your life could be in grave danger.
A Musketeer is not afriad of danger.
I'm dangerous.
D'Artagnan follows, battles for the dagger, stunned with fear and surprise: What're you doing?! Have you lost your mind?!
You can kill me.
Athos' face grows dark.
(a long beat, honest at the last) I have become... the nightmare you once thought me to be.
BOOM -- the great door threatens to split in half.
Richelieu huddles with Rochefort amid the rising panic.
Kill her, too.
Musketeers surround Louis and Anne to ward off attack.
Athos shakes off the sudden pain, disposes of the Guard.
Then, eyes blazing, d'Artagnan attacks Rochefort with everything he's got, driving him into an adjoining chamber.
He attacks with gusto.
Frank walks into the rear of the room that the noise is coming from.
Devaney shakes his head no.
What about the police?
As the shot clears, the dark shape of another vehicle appears, slowly moving into frame over the top of the camera.
Why are we stopping?
As Frank comes through some bushes, he suddenly catches a glimpse of the 4 X 4 through the trees.
... and this is my exclusive?
(starting to panic) Let's just see how she is.
But you know he was in my house... oh my God.
His head turns to locate the source of the noise.
Watch this.
It's too dangerous.
Frank shakes the railing.
We were worried.
I know where you are and I'm coming for you... Rachel is paralyzed by fear, unable to hang up the phone.
Frank looks at Herb, suddenly alert.
The boat is approaching the end of the dock.
I'm afraid... of not being there... Fletcher stares at him, uncomprehending.
Then he disappears.
(hysterical) You, you, you...
What the hell'd I do now?
Who did I kill?
He's dead.
This is our case!
You don't have to worry about me, I'm not gonna hurt you.
Who the hell is this?
But you gotta remember how you saw him driving toward you and you were in the street and you were afraid he was going to hit you so you had to shoot to protect yourself.
It was your gun.
That's why you shot... ...Yeah.
I was scared... he was going to hit me.
That's why you shot him.
That's why I... ...shot him.
Clyde's the one we gotta worry about.
Except the cop.
Yeah, except the cop.
What the hell's this?!
What the hell're you doing?
(getting nervous) Um... there were lots of cars parked on the street.
I'm fuckin' nervous.
You scared the shit outa me.
I owe you.
It was worse!
Boo! Beatniks go home!
The musketeers.
It happens to other guys too... It's so scary up there.
(looking directly at her) Fear, pity, horror -- all those good things that count.
(cow noise) Mooooooo!!! (taking his shirt off) You remind me of a Russian peasant.
I wrecked it.
What the hell are you on?
(suddenly serious) No I can't and I won't.
Death?
It'd be a monster.
You're a COWARD!!
O?... splittling headache from which the future is made.
Unannounced unplanned for like a scaring overfriendly guest you've brought to bed? Death makes angels of us all?
The Warden?
Fight?
Wake up.
I'm eccentric.
I'm afraid I'm not going to tell you.
Now -- how does it feel to know you'll have to live with a horror like me the rest of your life?
Awful.
Awful.
You killed him.
You've killed me.
Why'd you want to kill me? (mumbles to himself) Gonna have an awful bad scar there... ... scars... ... got that one fallin off the barn back home... gashed it on a spike... Dad laughed... Dead now... Uncle John+s dead, too... ... that cut over the eye... in the ring at Myer... wouldn't let `em stop it... knocked the guy out... sixth round... ... ten stitch gash in the hip... workin in the gym attic... fell through the skylight... where was that?... so many scars... so many years... where they all gone to anyway...? Prew! Don't worry... Ain't gonna die.
Dismissed.
I busted him.
A stranger.
Bust it down.
You'll be killed!
You'll be dead!
Sabatoors is what worries me.
Theys the creepy ones.
What do I owe you?
But he has the gun.
Don 't worry, baby.
Onna house.
Back to work.
Bugs.
To go away after.
Disappeared.
No calls to the house.
What do I owe you?
(into phone) No. (phone filter) A brick house on Swallow Drive in Bel Air.
McCauley's gotta be gone.
Dead.
He's dying.
You're scared to death of Neil.
(shouts) Your worst nightmare.
(worried) Neil...? What's going on?
I owe him.
He's in interrogation?
It's... too slow.
I was also his " knife dummy" .
You kill them?
Fellas lived in daily fear of being Sectioned and with good reason, too.
Had that shaking thing, whatd'yacall it, epoxy?
I thought I was gonna have an attack.
I was afraid... Mueller voice FADES OUT as he continues to talk.
Oh, come on- We're sweeping our area and suddenly he's gone.
How was he killed?
That bugs you too?
We're going to find those bodies and when we do, I'm going to make sure one of them has a bullet in them that matches your weapon- What?
That's a fantastic idea- See, I just take your gun to the morgue and fire it into one of their skulls; then I call every newspaper in the country with the story about how Senator Kendall's gay son went nuts on a training mission- (beginning to panic) It won't work- It will and you know why?
I scared Dunbar into silence.
I owe you this.
You little pissers really think you can throw a scare into me?
Nervous passengers stare out the windows as the JR-88 lumbers along the tarmac, headed for the runway.
We're flying!
I've been in hospitals.
He quietly tries to grasp the horror he endured and the reality of his survival.
In the hospital.
You trying to scare me?
I'll stop.
I can stop.
I'm nervous because I was out the night before the crash at dinner- With Trina... Yeah and I had two glasses of wine.
She walks towards the house which is dark.
I'm worried about you.
Worry about yourself.
I'm afraid I'll use again.
You gotta go.
I'm scared of you.
I won't leave the house.
You can't drink in my house.
Okay, we gotta go.
It was more of an instinct.
Because I'm an alcoholic.
An interview.
But...Im afraid that if you get on that plane... What? (torn) Go.
You suddenly having trouble getting dates?
Stop here...
The kids are asleep... Jack.
I was watching that!
(nervous) Do what?
Thats why I work for Big Ed? (recovering) I mean, thats why I work for Big Ed... (almost to himself) So we had a baby, Big Ed had a heart attack, we b ought that house, and Ive been working for him ever since...Sayonara, Wall Street.
Are the kids asleep?
And I dont care how low on the totem pole I start, I will get it back... (poking him in the chest) So do yourself a favor and dont get too attached to that view because sometime soon, maybe very soon, you and your French country antiques, your chintz sofa, and your little play pen are gonna be moving out of that office.
I left the airport afraid Id never see you again.
Theyre all panicked here... Jack...? Are you going through the tunnel?
I changed.
(as FDR) "The only thing to fear is fear itself."
Here's the man to fear.
Lee's scared.
She's worried about me.
Lee's-- Let me guess...Lee's up all night-- probably on Benzedrine again--working that poor girl's murder-- You're worried about him.
And he's worried about me.
(beat) But who's worried about you?
Run with the ball.
Homicide.
Homicide.
Too bad.
Not at the house.
To most people--that's the scary stuff.
VOGEL (cont'd) Now Blanchard's scared of you.
Lee beauty gotta be scared of me 'cause of how I flapped my trap at trial, but all I know is what I read in the papers.
He threatened to tell DeWitt that Lee framed him.
Ghosts.
Thing is...There's another set of latents up there on the doorjamb...And my hands're shaking so bad I can't transfer 'em.
I'm a cop.
Is she? Beats me.
Someone held up a coffee shop, panicked and killed six people.
Did you kill her?
He's dead.
Your change!
You got the real Lynn Margaret Bracken... (re: scar) Where'd this come from?
I'm just the guy they bring in to scare the other guy shitless.
I gotta go.
That makes him dangerous.
You were anxious to talk to him weren't you?
That tears it.
It's got me worried sick.
He's superstitious about it.
I feel as if he was watching me.
I'm scared.
Kill him.
Too much pressure on my nerves.
There is a daughter, but all she remembers is Neff talking to her father about accident insurance at their house one night.
Are you afraid, baby?
Yes, I'm afraid.
I'm afraid of us.
It's ten times twice as dangerous.
I'm sorry, baby.
Butchers!
Well I'm real scared.
Damn right you're scared.
They shot me!
You are on fire.
Yeah, and dangerous.
More cartridges!
Dropped him, that was it.
You crazy?
Wyatt and his he- Devils, holy terrors and true, Five black centaurs blowin' fire And quicksilver!
Ambush!
How the hell are you?
Are you crazy?
Sister Boy! Thank God, we was afraid- You shouldn't've killed Mr. Fabian.
I'm warning you.
Revenge?
God, I'm so sorry.
When will you wake up?
I worry for him so, Mrs Dashwood.
Where did you disappear to?
I am afraid I obtained these from an obliging field.
What is it you suspect him of?
Oh, can I go!
Disappeared!
Poor thing!
You are pale.
No, indeed--for Edward is the most fearful of giving pain and the most incapable of being selfish of anyone I ever saw.
(urgent) What is your diagnosis?
I'm scared.
I broke him on that.
Do you get nervous in small confined spaces?
I was devastated.
(beat) Because the only fear she really has, is... ... me, yeah.
(singing) With each word, your tenderness grows, Tearing my fears apart...
I will die.
Rat.
I found you a situation some days ago but I've delayed telling you because the work is lowly and I fear you'll scorn it.
And I fear my whole life will pass, without ever having... Well now - exercise is a great cure for anything, they say.
Damnation.
Whose house is that?
Dead.
There are few masters who'd trouble to enquire whether their paid subordinates were hurt by their commands.
Dread remorse, Miss Eyre.
You're afraid of me because I talk like a sphynx.
At least... shake hands.
She's an excitable, nervous person and has taken a fit with fright.
She bit me - while the knife was in - Bit me - It was folly to attempt the interview tonight and alone.
She should have died!
I was afraid.
Why ever was I so afraid?
I'm afraid.
It's madness.
You're killing me now.
I'd kill you?
I am killing you?
Is he dead?
I had dreaded worse.
I'd dreaded he was mad.
Because I didn't want to tell you before, with your worries -- What?
It makes me nervous.
They're scarred for life.
I'm not gonna quit cause of one creepy phone call, George.
What the hell are you doing out here?
And I miss you.
The extortion, the threats ... I wasn't gonna -- "I can always find someplace else to work.
What the hell is this?
(Beat) Hello?
Oh yeah, how'd it go?
I'm unemployed.
She kidnapped herself!
They send us a toe, we're supposed to shit our- selves with fear.
Come on, Donny, they were threatening castration!
What happened to your house?
Who the hell is he?
Cowards, both of you!
You monsters!
You bullies!
(voice-over) Near burned down the house.
Okay, manslaughterer whos broke his parole and got in mind nothin but immoral purposes fars youre concerned.
Shes probly worried to death by now.
I gotta go.
Im afraid his car is gone, Mrs. Fortune.
Shit, thats what I was afraid of.
Somethin in that man scares me.
(a tinge of jealousy/fear) Lula tell you shes pregnant?
Shake hands with your daddy.
Boys frightened, Lula.
(frightened) Oh shit!
I fell asleep.
The room! Oh God, Jezzie, ask me tomorrow.
What the hell ... ?
The streets are crawling with 'em.
He's on fire.
It was crazy.
He was scared.
(his arm shaking) How long had that been going on?
His car blew up, too.
Who's been talking to you? (silence) What's going on?
I gotta go.
This is barbaric!
Barbaric!
What is this, a prison?
I was in Hell.
It's horrible.
So the way he sees it, if you're frightened of dying and hold- ing on, you'll see devils tearing your life away.
And the brass was scared 'cause they knew we couldn't win.
You killed each other.
Oh my God! WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I warned them.
I WARNED THEM.
Wake up.
If you're frightened of dying you'll see devils tearing you apart.
My mother's tummy?
And dropping.
It's a disaster.
He heads for the house.
Shoot.
Brad pushes past and looks on in horror at Hadji, pacing and talking to himself like a rabid dog on angel dust.
What's up? (frenzied) I... I...
Kidnapped?! Yeah.
The ghetto.
The 'hood.
He's gonna run out of there a scared little white boy.
She suddenly sees Brad.
I'm not havin' your blood on my hands.
this is my shot.
It's worse.
Brad crawls out from the vent and goes to the mirror.
Suddenly, Brad's boot comes through the door.
... gangs.
Tec is stunned -- the white boy isn't showing any fear.
Suddenly GUNFIRE erupts as Tech's car is HIT with a BARRAGE of BULLETS.
PJ and Sean are in the fetal position, freaking out.
You're fired.
Your destination is a Lojack designated danger zone.
What the hell is it?
Who's the hell's poppin' ca -- (menacing) What up, cuz? (terrified, covering) Ha ha, Tec, my road dawg, yeah, just the man I wanta see.
(nervous) It's not what it looks like, Tec, I swear.
What do you say? (thoughtful) Hmmm.
Send me down here to scare me white?
SLOW MOTION: Panic, as everyone realizes Brad is about to rap...
Why are you being so defensive?
It's a sin.
Is it chicken?
Stop it.
You're crazy.
Stop!
I'll kill you!
You're cops!
You'd die.
Gangs.
so I have made this convent an oasis, a retreat from horror.
And now that horror has invaded these sacred walls.
Probation.
Probation?
Mary Robert's life was in danger!
To change.
And you present an ongoing threat, both to this convent and to yourself.
(with great dread) What?
And you'll face that danger head-on.
You have a phone call.
And you will have vanished.
(shocked and scared) How?
(calming herself) We'll pray -- and she'll be there.
Hiding out.
She's afraid.
Come on, tell the boys you're afraid.
We both missed.
Hear that?
And those two words are... (afraid Christy will curse) Mary Clarence!
But I'm fearful!
And I'm tearful!
I'm going to be on that same street corner tomorrow, Mr. Duffy.
It's getting dark.
Both died.
What are you afraid of?
You need this house.
You've gone from one thing to the other... a year at law school, and now this job as a reporter... Are you afraid I can't make a living?
I'll go away with you.
I'm going to be on that same street corner tomorrow, Mr. Duffy!
I wish the poor... had enough sense to have somebody give him a good greasing for the beating he's going to get.
I'll kill him.
I'll kill him.
I'll kill him.
The house is adjourned.
You're crazy.
Do you hear me?
Accidents?
They're booing you.
Get dizzy... can't see... dizzy... You're scared... plain scared.
Well, you don't have to worry about him.
Stop it!
(rises) I'm frightened, Jack.
Travesty.
Horror.
Hear it?
A sonnet by Byron may score high on the vertical, but only average on the horizontal.
Huddle up.
Huddle up!
Aww, Charlie.
And with trembling hands, she placed the last four pieces and stared in horror at the face of a demented madman at the window.
Don't think that I don't know that this assignment scares the hell out of you, you mole.
First I gotta get the part, then I can worry about that.
A m-m-madman.
What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are we doing?
We've been so worried about-- What?
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it.
Go away.
Sir, we could issue a mayday call to-- (frightened, but firm) There is no help for us out here.
His heart rate's elevated-- He's scared.
STOP--!
(sees fear in Kirk) You're gonna be okay.
The Cop RACES through it, in the Corvette's DUST -- and we PUSH IN on a SIGN that reads "DANGER - QUARRY AHEAD -- IOWA MINING CO."
There is no need to be so anxious.
And that's where it hangs.
I told you I don't need a doctor, damnit!
I AM A DOCTOR! Kirk turns to see a MAN being forced OUT of the BATHROOM by a FEMALE FLIGHT OFFICER -- at 34, he has a Southern lilt and looks like a prisoner waiting for the guillotine to fall: -- you need to find a seat -- -- I had one, in the bathroom, Darlin', with no windows -- -- Sir, for your own safety, -- I suffer from Aviaphobia, siddown, or I will MAKE you case you don't understand big sit down... do you hear me? words, it means 'fear of dying RIGHT NOW. in something that flies.'
And wait'll you're sitting pretty with a case of Andorian shingles, see if you're still so relaxed when your eyeballs are bleeding-- space is disease and danger, wrapped in darkness and silence.
Your hearing is scary-- you sure both your parents are human?
The hell are you doing with him in here?
The purpose is to experience fear.
To accept that fear and maintain command of one's self and one's crew.
Is to be afraid?
And I'm sure you're really proud of that, who wouldn't be-- but isn't it true you people don't experience fear at all? ON SPOCK.
listen to me! It's an attack!
Fact: the same anomaly -- a lighting storm in space -- that we saw today also occurred on the day of my birth, before a Romulan ship attacked the U.S.S.
To be scared.
Damnit, man, I'm a doctor, not a physicist -- are you suggesting they're from the future?
Notoriously afraid of heat.
Pike was taken hostage.
(tense) Yes, of course I-- So are you afraid or aren't you?!? (tenser) I will not... allow you to lecture me about the merits of emotion.
Stop.
To threaten me.
Stops.
Suddenly overcome by a feeling that the stranger who's just passed him is... oddly familiar.
Watching.
Oh, gotta go.
(horrified) Test?
Too bad.
What a tramp.
In the madhouse of Dr. Dread Razor shreds of rat puke fall On my bare arms (sees Peggy grimace; he calms down) I'm sorry.
You're worried about my business?
I've gotta go.
I'm a puddle of deja I'm worried about my kids, Scott must be scared to death, I think my daughter's doing drugs again.
(shocked) What?
It's easy to fall apart in a crisis.
It's dangerous.
I'll be watching after you.
I was scared, too, but I'm not anymore.
And now you come and tell me, "Peggy, you're scared."
If you knew what I knew you'd be scared shitless.
It's going to rain.
A 26 Foot Long BOAT sits nestled in the tree limbs above.
Ellis, hands on the edge of the boat, gets a leg over the side and pulls himself onto the deck.
It disintegrates.
We gotta go.
They stop.
Aw, yeah.
You hear me?
Neckbone walks into the trailer.
That river's scary enough with two people, and I don't trust that guy.
Neckbone follows his uncle into the trailer.
We gotta go help Neck's uncle.
Stop it!
I'm gonna go see if it's her.
Ellis is nervous.
She has to bend slightly to do it, but she kisses him just above his swollen eye.
We gotta go.
Dark hair?
Carver's rotten, but his daddy's the one to be scared of.
Galen pulls himself into the boat, out of breath.
I've had worse.
Neck I'm gonna need you here to get the motor runnin'.
Stop it!
Makin' two kids run around doin' work you're too scared to do yourself.
Makin' me tell her it's over `cause you're too scared to do it yourself.
Neckbone wades out and crawls up the side of the boat.
SUDDENLY, a BULLET snicks through Miller's neck.
Surgery.
Surgery!
They'll be in to change it.
Oh God, Annie, I'm so sorry.
But she is suffering!
They first knew man as the hunted knows the hunter, for long before man saw horses as a means to killing other beasts, man killed them for meat..." "...The alliance with man would forever be fragile -- for the fear he'd struck into their hearts was too deep to be dislodged... Since that Neolithic moment when a horse was first haltered, there were those among men who understood this..." "...
But this isn't a cranky horse, it's a scared horse.
We're so afraid we won't like each other and have nobody go to dinners with.
That young lady is getting a little worried.
Did I miss it?
How is she? (cautious) Yeah.
What's that to miss?
I got all these eager young colts need riding and poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of left out... Poor thing.
No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra.
It's from a jar.
Did you go riding?
Well... (nervous) So you tried riding again?
And... and I think I know why you, you needed to do it alone... without anyone knowing... Yeah, you know everything!! STOP IT! Why can't I talk to you!! NO, YOU STOP IT! Stop pretending like you care!
Her horse fell... ... Judith's foot was caught in the stirrup... she couldn't get up, she was so scared... (cries) I saw this truck, coming around the turn... ...He was honking, trying to get us to move...
Snapped his neck, paralyzed him...
They fired you?
Yeah, they fired me.
When you first came here, I didn't like you and I was worried.
Stop it!
It's so cruel.
I'm going to try not to do too much driving in the dark.
You want to take a walk with me? (a little nervous) Where to? (smiles) I don't know.
I suppose you're wondering what all this has to do with Mr. Blandings and his Dream House?
Why don't we buy a Solaxion house?
Tear it down.
What's he worrying about?
He disappeared.
(concerned) What did he say?
I was beginning to get concerned.
Poor Jim, he sounded so worried before.
(carefully) Now dear, you're upset, you've got a lot of things on your mind -- (with dangerous calm) Muriel, there's only one thing on my mind -- This house -- and how fast we can get rid of it!
So he's crazy?
He's dead!
Are you hearing yourself?
Yeah, he's about as crazy as I am.
But back on the street, Vitti's still powerful enough to pose a threat to both families.
Miss?
There's no smoking in this house.
I gotta go.
First I'm gonna find out who's tryin' to kill me.
(starts sweating and breathing hard) I can't do that.
Watch me.
(concerned) Where are you going?
I'm doomed.
I'm havin' a fuckin' panic attack here.
What the hell was that?
He owes me.
You're fired!
I was scared at first, but on the second take, I think I found some good stuff.
I'm warning you.
Oh, my God! Was there blood involved?
I'm grounded?
I'm suffocating!
I'm dying!
You're a monster.
Do the Garden-Staters have to sprint to the Lincoln Tunnel, or can you stay for a round in the big, scary city!
You're insane.
(both hang up) Who was that?
It's terrible.
I'll watch from here.
I was gonna go see her.
Why are we stopping?
Still am.
Guys are weird - I thought the whole size hang-up made you all terrified to show your dicks to each other?
That is until we - that's you and I - got together, and suddenly, I was sated.
Stop.
This is crazy!
He's afraid to climb.
(trembling) What?
Would you, um, say it's a big storm?
Wake up!
You'll wake up.
(defensive, frightened) I did.
You wanna come in and shake it for me?
We missed you.
You miss him.
He's suffocating him.
My god... I'm sorry.
Man, is there a social disease you haven't had?
Who I am, outside of this boat.
What the hell I'm doing here.
The watch is on.
This is crazy.
Let the blow drive the boat down wind.
Kill me.
And the scorpion.
You hear me?
I'm frightened, Jimmy.
Do you miss him?
Is this an obsession of yours?
I'm superstitious.
Sorry, darling.
Hello, stranger.
You vanished.
Afraid so.
No. Better in the dark.
I get nervous.
You should scream.
I'm sorry, darling.
Stop him!
Where you at? Pray with me, Forrest.
Some nights, Jenny'd sneak out and come over to my house, just 'cause she said she was scared.
Who in the hell is that?
Governor George Wallace had carried out his symbolic threat to stand in the schoolhouse door.
Stop it!
Shake it up.
Shake it up now.
Little bitty stingin' rain... ...and big ol' fat rain.
A legless freak.
Where the hell have you been?
Stop it!
Stop it!
Sorry I had a fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
Now hear this!
You retard!
Now me, I was scared.
What are you watching.
You gonna go after him?
Shoot.
I'm afraid if I leave it with my-- What's wrong?
It's dangerous to have that many people in a car.
Get your cooties off me-- Go ahead, slug me, scar my face.
I don't know... maybe I was scared.
You were scared.
Well--I was-- Scared--Jim Kaylor told me.
This is Weird Willard.
(teasing) What for?
But what if there's a war?
With the bomb, who's going to start it?
Whadaya afraid of?
We were just... Jeez, you guys had me scared.
Did you hear...?
You broke up?
(worried) He ah--doesn't like you to stay out late? No--he's terrible.
(shouting over) Sorry if I scared ya, man.
(looking ahead) Takes more than that to scare me.
What if he hears me?
What blood initiation?
Why are we stopping here?
For a change.
So I can watch.
You worry about yourself, man.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
It's the middle of the night.
And now she is abandoning you.
Police.
It was a robbery!
Then surrender.
John panics.
John hits a key and a medical article appears: LIFE ...Severe Hyperkalemia...extremely high levels of potassium ...cardiac arrest...particularly dangerous as there are no outward symptoms...
Then he sits back and worries that he's got it right.
Read: John stands with Eugenie, the frightened realtor.
He sticks the plate under his jacket, stands and checks over his shoulder as he walks out of the massive parking lot.
The dog stops its attack but goes back to barking.
Where is she incarcerated?
(she keeps panicking) Look at me! Do what I say; it'll be okay; I promise.
John tries not to show how nervous he really is.
A taxi snakes along a mountain road, through the dense forests of Venezuela.
Turning the corner into the garage she COLLIDES with the JUNKIE.
COLLERO watches from the car as her partner walks to the corner of the building.
They broke up.
HEALY (cont'd) I'm worried about you, man.
- as he steps into the dark brush UNZIPPING his fly he What the--?
Are you crazy?
He's dead.
I went home that night, shaved my beard, and a week later I was laid out in her office with a broken back.
What line?
The hell with you both--I'm out of here.
I was worried about you.
Woogie, please, you're starting to scare me.
I missed that.
I worry because you don't.
Still.
But I'm always afraid I'll say something stupid.
I'm afraid it'll all be too big for you.
(stuck) Oh my God, sorry.
I'm worried about your Galiano.
And your phone calls are nasty and abusive.
Pain.
Weird, isn't it?
It's socialized.
This is a nightmare.
Buck up.
(growing dread) And? (there's now way to say it) Lucy overdosed.
I'm frightened that you don't understand what that means.
I fired her.
It's dreadful.
And chickens.
(to Dick and Bob) A pleasure to meet you, though I fear we shan't be acquainted for too long.
Ghastly.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
What am I missing?
He was this big terrifying New York producer and I was just a kid from Missouri with a sketch of Mickey but-- it woulda' killed me to give him up.
(her face contorts in I'm sorry!
You'll miss it.
Worry `bout the future, but then I stop cuz you can't do that.
Watch over them.
They were so afraid.
An elf?
They've been so worried-- I've-- Do stop babbling nonsense!
What horrors have you in store for my beautiful characters today, hm?
I'm sorry to interrupt.
Can't say I do and as I have no plans to ever set foot on American soil again I'm afraid I never will.
Sorry about the noise last night.
That's when I begin to worry.
MRI indicates a massive intraduaral extradural neurofibrosarcomas extending into psoas muscle with nerve root compression syndrome and bone erosion.
What?!...A tumor?
I'm afraid so.
Rules.
I have cancer.
I have cancer.
Cancer?
That's a disorder of the bowels, son.
But I promise, there's nothing for you to worry about.
I have cancer.
You have cancer?
I have cancer.
And how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you can't even handle your own emotions?
How awful.
They didn't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation, so they had to use a giant crane.
That's terrible.
Until he had his stroke.
Will you stop!
Do you know what it's like to fear losing your son? No.
So if I hover and threaten your independence, so what?
Is that so awful?
But you said surgery was too risky.
The risks are tremendous.
We need to get you laid.
It's a little creepy.
I'm a little freaked out.
Will you be here when I wake up?
Then what's a mercenary?
The jury will be afraid of you.
This is why they fear death.
In the war.
Watch out for him.
I'm sorry to tell you, we took his earnest money, he shook Ole's hand.
Until the danger of it bites their butt.
And his family can't leave their house.
He killed himself.
On the battlefield.
Revenge.
Death.
Blood's on the butt.
Such a travesty...
Alone on the boat.
He was afraid to trust us, at first.
Afraid that he would be crucified by prejudice.
His mistrust?
I'm awful sorry, Ma'am, but you know I c... What are you afraid of, Sheriff?
There's rules.
in the middle of the night.
To cut it down.
The lantern, the knife, go into the water.
Be helpless.
What the hell.
Wars.
Patricia makes coffee nervous.
It'll keep them from jumping down your throat -- What's the competition?
Quel nightmare.
I'll stop.
And I managed to get my hands on a secret printout of the sales figures of a bookstore so inconsequential and yet full of its own virtue that I was instantly compelled to rush over and check it out for fear it would drive me out of business -- JOE (cont'd) What? (off her look) What?
Fight.
(in shock) It's him.
Stalking.
But I'm a wreck.
Stop it.
Are you crazy?
He was in jail.
Are you crazy?
We should bomb Foxbooks.
I heard you were sick and I was worried and I wanted to -- (he hears voices) Is someone here?
We broke up.
And I was horrible.
Why did you stop by?
Who fights about that?
A wall of light and noise as the two walk on stage.
His head shakes desperately, pointlessly.
This is urgent.
Stop! You.
I'll drop it.
What the hell...
A musketeer.
I'll kill you too.
You killed him?
And face to face, they slowly fall asleep.
Jamal panics, presses the button he saw the Manager press earlier.
I sleep in a bed, not on the street.
Suddenly a klaxon sounds.
The audience burst into nervous laughter and groans.
Jamal looks terrified.
Stops.
Stalks over.
He sees the knife scars on her cheek for the first time.
Runs his hand slowly down the scar.
A crisis, you say?
Everything's ready for tomorrow night--except the artillery.
Go away.
Sorry, this makes me nervous.
But what about Beast?
For his injuries.
I had to smuggle it in here.
You're slowing.
Nervous?
Scared?
Worried you're not fit for a caper of epic proportions?
There's a spider in my room.
I'm afraid I can't let you take that in without the proper invoice.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
That's the bitch.
What's so urgent?
You've got me worried.
Letty, it's natural to be nervous.
Go away.
She's worried that I'm unstable.
I got worried.
(beat) No, he's having an attack.
Oh, Ruthie, what am I going to do?
Too risky.
Paul is nervous, glancing uneasily from car to car.
They're slowing down.
Paul sees Jack and begins to gesture wildly, but his voice is drowned out by the noise of the ENGINES.
Back to work.
He stops.
What a leech!
I've gotta go over to the office right away, I think it's gonna be an all-nighter... Of course I didn't know about this yesterday -- he just called me.
He winces.
Mary is asleep.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to remain in the apartment.
Mrs. Razzolini is standing behind them and staring, wide- eyed, a look of horror on her face.
He hangs up.
Mary falls back asleep.
(walking her back and forth) Don't cry, Mary, don't cry... There's too much noise.
Yeah, we're beat.
First you dump a baby on us, then you scare everyone away from the party, then...
Sleeping late!
He hangs up.
They walk out toward the front door, and Sylvia suddenly stops.
A sudden, weighty silence ensues.
I'm gonna go lay down in the john.
Where's it hanging?
Stop it!
(shaking her head) I don't understand it, 35 years old, and you're still scared of a little thunder.
Actually Rex, I have a lot of work I need to get to-- Oh, this is work, I swear.
Can you imagine what that little shit would do to me? Oh man, I can totally see him just taking you down to the basement and really slowly de-limbing you while singing some creepy Victorian nursery rhyme.
What the hell?
I was worried you weren't coming!
He's a bear.
You crazy!
Go away.
You can't stand there and tell me you haven't always seen Lori as a threat to our friendship!
It died.
I'll hide!
Shoot!
Go get the ball!
What the hell is that?
Medication! (simultaneously with Pilbow) Hit me! Pardon me miss, but would you mind turning... (scared out of her wits) Stay back!
Sorry, ma'am... Sorry 'bout that... Sorry to have bothered you.
(rubbing scars on his wrist) I was in luh-love with her.
Billy, were you afraid of her, or of her love?
Well, screw that noise!
That's insane!
(waking up) What?
Now you watch me.
That ain't nothin' to be afraid of, ma'am.
Are they dangerous when they're awake?
Is he crazy?
Is he crazy?
Is he in an asylum?
He's dead.
Now, Miss.
Billy, that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly... Sh-sh-she did! Everybody did! Who? Tell me! M-M-Muh-Muh-McMurphy! Ahhh, Billy... (caught in his own anxiety) P-p-p-please duh-duh-duh-duh t-t tell, M-M-M-Miss R-R-Ratched, y-y you don't need to!
(whispering) Lobotomy... Yeah... Yeah, that Gary Blinker is fulla shit... (sitting McMurphy down) Here now, you sit here... That's it... (whispering in McMurphy's ear) When I first came here I was so scared of being lost I had to holler so they could track me...
It will change yours.
Stop that!
(doing the math) (starting to panic) I was making out with chicks by fourth grade.
Now we're going to get into a fight.
That's too bad.
(dreading it) I'd be happy to.
Where did you hear that?
At first I thought you were a weird stalker and I was scared.
They're terrible.
Yeah, they're awful.
Do you watch?
What did I miss?
Can I watch?
Because when you own something, you suddenly are invested in that thing not breaking.
I think you'll both be a lot less terrified if you're terrified together.
She's very scared of flying.
I'm really scared of flying.
(very nervous) Yeah.
What the hell is that?
I'm sorry for calling you a masturbatory Russian teenager.
My father used to say that people were so afraid that the world was going to end that they were willing it to happen.
I've read about them since but I don't recall how any of them impacted my life except for the fear.
He's got a knife!
Can you hear it?
I can't -- I can't -- Let us pray.
This is an emergency!
Everyone is so worried about the terrorist.
Are you afraid?
Bang.
It was horrible.
Dismissed.
Then there's nothing left to threaten you with, is there?
You tortured me.
That's because you're afraid, Evey.
You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in on you.
You're afraid because freedom is terrifying.
I can't -- Come on, Peter, what are you afraid of?
They are afraid that I am going to say the things that are not supposed to be said.
They are afraid that I am going to say the truth.
This is why they are afraid and the reason that I am here; to remind you that it is individuals who always hold the power.
No further threat exists.
I've been so afraid, afraid to come here to talk to you.
The terrorist.
In the middle of the night.
Now! Traitors!
You cowards!
Drop the knife.
Shoot him.
You mean Boris the sneaky fucking Russian.
He .stops
Do you want me to go and get him?
Did he have a case with him?
I am not asking you to break sweat, .
Another dog is left in the ring, it too is covered in blood but it's survived.
You hear me?
All are in shock.
He has a trickle of blood dripping down the back of his neck, he looks at his watch and panics.
I am afraid it's too late for that Boris.
His mum.
Robbed.
It's the Russian, well to be technical an Uzbekistan.
Russians, I didn't think it would be the Russians.
I heard of him, isn't he supposed to be a short little fucker that's covered in scars?
I t ' s hard to say, he's got a thick Russian accent.
I hate Russians.
I told you he was dangerous.
Rosebud places a blade at the Russian's neck.
BTT looks at the blood that's already starting to pierce the skin from where the blade is pressed against the Russian's neck.
Do they fire?
pain.
You, you want a knife?
He passes Hands a knife.
BTT and Hands, covered in blood, walk off the street into a cafe.
I changed it.
You got to hurt him Micky.
I t ' s squeaking.
Stop!
No smoking in the house.
It's an epidemic.
He's had 30 minutes of chest pain, nausea, shortness of breath, blood pressure's 170 over 100, pulse 104, respirations 18... Let's get an EKG.
(scared shitless) I take uh... uh. . .
This is a nightmare.
You don't have to but I can't put you in a car right now and I can't leave you in the parking lot.
Sorry to interrupt.
Oh, God am I sorry.
Been fired.
Fired?
It was an accident.
This was an accident.
It was dark, it was two in the morning.
Stop that.
Okay, look, I'm gonna pee,take one of your blood pressure pills then when I get back, let's not talk anymore.
I think I'm gonna go back to my room...let you sleep.
Because I realized what I was feeling for you, have always felt for you, was something I didn't understand, like a language I didn't speak... (she listens...) It scared me so I did what I do.
It's to break up winds, so we don't have no more dust storms.
She ain't nothing to be afraid of.
Destroyed?
I'm afraid poor Toto will have to go.
The house began to pitch The kitchen took a slitch (sing) It landed on the Wicked Witch In the middle of a ditch Which was not a healthy situation For the Wicked Witch.
I'm afraid you've made rather a bad enemy of the Wicked Witch of the West.
No, I'm afraid I didn't.
Oh! Oh! Ohhh! Did I scare you?
Boo!
Why, if our Scarecrow back in Kansas could do that, the crows'd be scared to pieces!
Oh --- Ouch!
I'm afraid I'm a little rusty yet.
Why, that's a long and dangerous journey.
Here, Scarecrow!
Oh, I killed that poor little honey bee! Oh-oh- It's only a man without a head who could do a thing like that.
Poor little bee.
Oh, you don't think we're going to stand by and let her get away with fireballs and bees, do you?
It's -- it's dark and creepy!
Lions?
D-d-d-don't be fr-fr-frightened.
That doesn't do any good -- I'm afraid of 'em.
But I could show my prowess -- Be a lion not a mou-ess -- If I only had the nerve I'm afraid there's no denyin' I'm just a dande-lion -- A fate I don't deserve.
Did you hear that?
Go away?
Because I'm still scared!
Oh -- Oh -- Oh!.... ...You ought to be ashamed of yourself -- frightening him like that, when he came to you for help!
Oh, I think I see a jijik And he's fuzzy and he's furry I haven't got a brain But I think I ought to worry!
...and the bees
Go away now!
Then they took my chest out, and they threw it over there!
We must worry about Dorothy.
You don't neither -- Up! Now... I'm frightened, I'm frightened, Auntie Em -- I'm frightened!
I'm frightened!
Stop them!
Stop them!
You've killed her!
It's...it's just that he was on fire!
No, I'm afraid it's true.
Frightened?
Four taken, four chased and all, I expect, worrying somebody's house into evil.
Can you beat that?
Where's he going to sleep?
Not if you scared.
A life. (scared) I don't know.
I miss her.
If something happens to me and you can't tell me by my face, you can know me by this mark"..Scared me so...
Still, he did it.
And for a second I'd get scared - scared someone might hear them and get mad... Then I remembered...and if they laughed that hard til it hurt, that would be the only hurt they had all day....
He walked six miles to the riverbank, slid into a ravine, reached through blood drawing thorns, suffered mosquitoes, wasps and the meanest lady spiders in the State just to bring us those berries.
Aw, Baby.
I love my mother but I know she killed one of her own, and tender as she is with me, I'm scared of her because of it.
All the time, I'm afraid the thing that happened that made it all right to kill her own, could happen again.
I miss her.
(nervous) You got to get up from here, girl.
Boo.
Cowardly.
Or anxious?
I'm nervous.
You don't need to be nervous around me, though.
I miss her.
I'm erasing you.
I'm scared.
I owe you.
Joel was nervous about stepping onto the ice, but he wanted to please me so much -- he's so sweet -- that he came out after me.
Stop it now!
Egad, were you horrified?
I was so nervous.
I dropped you off after.
I was so nervous.
I was too nervous.
I felt like I was a scared little kid.
I'm nervous, too.
I'm nervous because I have and enormous crush on you.
I crashed.
Hanging there.
He was crazy.
The gun.
Afraid so.
That's why... that's why I had the gun.
(the house) Isn't this...? Hm.
He's still with you?
(dreading it) Yea?
Oh, I don't think there's any danger of you aging prematurely, Grady.
I uh, I didn't finish, I ...fell asleep.
What the hell...
Drop it!
He's crazy, that's why.
Shoot.
We slow.
Are you crazy?
Manray needs a job.
That's da bomb.
It's the bone breaking stuff I'm worried about.
I'm tired, you're tired, we're all tired of these so-called bible- thumping God fearing, whore mongling Professional athletes.
DA BOMB.
You slept too near where you got in?
I slept too near where I fell out.
I've been homeless.
Why you perpetrating?
This is crazy.
Police!
I'm a cop.
(freaked) Our dope...
I want his phone calls.
I'm alone, I'm scared and I'll only talk to Mike Lowrey!
So I was thinking... Julie, obviously free with her body, suddenly drops the towel and starts applying lotion.
Gun laid across his chest.
Lowrey unhappily pulls into the parking lot driving Burnett's dilapidated Volvo.
You're unbalanced.
Armed robbery.
Too bad.
What the hell are you doing here?
But... Launches himself off a nearby table, soars over the frightened crowd and comes crashing down upon Noah.
His worst fears have been confirmed.
He hangs up.
I'm a cop.
You prick!
Watch him.
A beat.
You're a cop.
scared shitless.
Drop now!
In nothing but his underwear, he appears from the building, turns the corner out the door, launches into traffic like a shot, spinning off bumpers, chasing Fouchet's car on foot.
SLAM!
(beat) He's the scariest man I ever met.
Fouchet shakes hands with the BUYER.
(getting nervous) I promised Marnie I wouldn't give you money.
Jail.
Julius turns, looks at Vince, and as he walks back to his side of the cubicle and sits, he is overcome with the wonder of it all.
(wary) Yeah.
An important rule in a crisis * situation -- negotiate first, attack last.
The door locks suddenly pop up in unison.
A beat.
That's right, Julius, she abandoned me.
Suddenly, Vince's living room WINDOWS EXPLODE in a burst of GUNFIRE.
Said she was afraid to have children.
You scared the living shit out of me -- I met one of our fathers.
(feigning concern) Awww -- that's terrible.
Oooh, you are so scary... Linda and Marnie watch by the car as the boys emerge from the shop.
They're out cold before they realize they've been attacked.
Hi. * Hi -- Vince and Linda want to be * alone, so I'm afraid I'm going to stay here.
* I think you're nervous.
(threatened) Whoa! Move in together?
* I had escaped.
Shoot him.
Bad.
(haltingly) What about it?
* Watching them.
Now that's a scary thought.
I'm afraid so.
(with some real anxiety) But I have to know.
My lawyer does.
She's disappeared.
How does it concern you?
I'll stop by.
It was an accident.
When I do, you'll hear about it.
Drowned, too.
He drowned.
(shaking with emotion) Hold it there, kitty cat.
It's difficult for me.
No. She's probably scared to death.
I think she is frightened and I happen to know Hollis was fond of her.
It's why he was killed.
(panicked) You didn't tell me.
The police?
You're insane.
(a little worried) You sure this is okay?
(suddenly) Stop the car.
I'll kill him.
(badly shaken) Take it easy, take it easy, it was an accident.
An accident?
You're crazy.
But how to prevent it?
Dynamite is dangerous.
Now, watch this.
What are you, hiding from the Police?
It's worse than that!
I fell asleep.
Oh God, this is so weird.
I missed you.
Cliff is here.
Hell yeah.
I was in jail.
Do you still have it?
It was sickening.
That's deadly.
It was horrible.
(horrified) To you?
What the hell did you do to him?
Is Cliff here?
It's defamation!
You're fired!
Beat.
The bunch of flowers has created in Jack the kind of panic and fear more typically associated with a biochemical attack.
(drily, knowing the trouble this will cause) Jack,I'm afraid Jenny has been sent some flowers by a chap.
And how are you going to get over there?
So watch yourself.
(panic-stricken and shouting) What's she talking about?
He does so now, and shakes it for way too long.
The hallway is dark, but she can hear noises from the kitchen.
They shake hands.
Because this is hopeless.
Can we stop?
What the hell are those?
Russian Sobranies.
(suddenly looking at her suspiciously) You never bought them yourself?
(panic rising) But..We haven't got any French money.
What have I forgotten?
I'm afraid that the legend of Mr Rochester may have travelled further than you intended.
Miss.
Is it true that you don't intend to sit for your exams?
I'm afraid we'll have to stop on the way in to town.
David starts to talk, and turns away, as if he's frightened that someone in the car can lip-read.
All my life I've been scared, and I didn't want you to be scared.
We should have stopped you.
It's so easy to fall asleep, when there's nothing to keep you awake.
Still.
Still?
I'm gonna go.
You're the rule.
Hey, how -- Shit - you scared me.
So, why don't we worry about what color we're gonna paint this room, instead of worrying about things that aren't happening?
I had the - umm - dentist pen.
I hear you.
This boat is sick.
Guys invented the "spark" so they could not call and treat you kind of bad and keep you guessing, and then convince you that the anxiety and fear that it creates in you is actually a "spark."
This is crazy.
Is this crazy?
(shaking her head "no") It doesn't matter.
I've - changed.
I gotta go.
I mean, we call each other sweetie, and we fall asleep on the phone after talking for hours and I washed your hair for you after you had that shoulder surgery and everything - it's like we're together.
As she approaches the house, she stops in her tracks.
He looks nervous.
That's the way of things, but Mr. Kaminski wants to change it, and when it comes to new ideas, the people in power get nervous.
She hates Russians.
They killed him.
I'm concerned about you.
But I'm concerned with everything, Mr. Bebe.
Claire... please, please tell Mr. Bebe that if he worried half as much about his scripts as he does about my private life, we'd make a lot better movies.
It'll crush you.
Prick!
Beats me.
(frightened now) Wait a minute...
I'm being kidnapped!
She's attacking your correspondent!
She works in a defense plant and she's very worried about you.
Frances, you're still filled with anxiety.
We won't have to worry about him much longer.
What the hell!
I gotta go now.
(she shakes her head "no") Okay.
Abandoned?
What the hell is it?
Drop it.
Oriamal bite radius 37 inches, allowing for salt-water erosion and subsequent small predator and scavenger tissue attacks...
Grounded.
I want to see that boat out of the water by tomorrow night.
What are we, immune?
You can't tell much from the negatives, I was going to blow 'em up.
Okay, okay -- stand over there... (shaken) That one there.
Is it still there?
(to Sean) You want to go out in my boat?
Hang on...
Soon, dark eyes, soon.
Embolism.
It's still there!
I'm still down.
More, with this wind.
I'm bleeding!
We already did the risk.
Stop.
What's sepsis?
Infection of the blood.
A bullet, or a blade doesn't kill you, but makes a little hole in the lung, so every time you breathe, a little air leaks into the chest cavity, which starts to fill up like a balloon.
Where's the bunker?
Kill him.
Kill him now.
They're scared shitless of us.
(on cell phone) I'm at some goddamn marsh, all we've seen are Russian cranes.
Saddam worries more about the Shiite than the gold.
Accident.
Stop.
We'd be dead by now.
Can we shoot him?
I can hear her.
I miss you, too.
I'm gonna be fine, honey, I don't want you to worry, I tried to do something for the family, and I want you to know -- Know what?
Helmet.
Who's missing?
the bomb come.
I'm sorry I hit you, man.
I was scared for Troy, I don't want nothing to happen to him, he's my friend.
We're missing 28.
Interrogation.
You're scared.
It's good to be scared when there's guns around.
Who's got the sick country?
It's the enemy.
Archie looks nervous, then focussed as he brings the shiny metal scalpel down.
You are under arrest.
Why stop there?
Hazel, you need to get out of the house.
Perhaps you'd like to share your fears with the group, Augustus.
My fears?
Oblivion.
Oblivion?
If I'm scared of anything it's... not doing that.
And if that scares you, well, I suggest you ignore it.
Cancer.
(lays it on thick) "I'm gonna stab you with this needle now, so there might be a little ouchie."
Yours most sincerely, Peter Van Houten" Son of a - WHAT What's wrong?! (realizing she scared her) Nothing.
And the fear of dying with your one true Wish left ungranted led you to rush into making one you didn't really want, for how could little Hazel Grace, having never read "An Imperial Affliction" ever know that her one TRUE wish was to visit Mr. Peter Van Houten in his Amsterdamian exile.
And I still have it.
It's still "no," I'm afraid.
And cancer.
I'm sorry Gus, she's asleep.
My bad.
(pulling her back down) I'm sorry.
I gotta go.
; Too demure?
I can't wait to see you wearing The Rock! Elle looks at them, suddenly concerned.
So you're breaking up with me because you're afraid your family won't like me? (through her tears) Everybody likes me!
Serena and Margot follow, worried.
Elle slumps down in an inflatable chair, hugging her knees and cowering in a wretched little ball.
Underdog stares at her, concerned.
He broke up with me! Serena and Margot gasp in horror, rushing to her side.
The girls watch a horror movie with Kappa Sigs.
Dylan McDermott burns rubber as he flees.
(nervous) Urn, hey, have you met Sarah?
Warner looks between the two of them, worried.
He shrugs an "I'm sorry", but Elle's perkiness has gone.
We miss you!
Oh, the horror.
She stops.
She glares at him.
A--nervous Elle stands in front of the burly CHECK-IN GUARD..
She's fired up now.
What the hell is that for?
You're fired.
You're fired.
Ohyeah... so... we end the essay with... (dictating) 'The tarpon leaps shimmering into the late cross light of the keys, a primeval moment frozen in... (hesitates) ... frozen in'... Lucille types it out.
Stump is suddenly a nervous wreck.
Yeah, the best, no one close, etc... Frank suddenly is cautionary, concerned, paternal.
This is your shot.
Yes, Mr. Stump -- you do need this job that bad.
You coward, you pathetic, frightened, desperate old man -- you can't do anything without that gun and frankly it doesn't impress me to keep flashing it because I know you're not gonna shoot me 'cause you need me worse than I need you.
I do my homework, Stumpy.
Now who's the coward!
(terrified) They aren't so big.
Operator?
(beat) Who's in there?
Stump stands quietly nearby, afraid to move, until, finally: Cobb sucks up the tears and finally turns to Stump.
He's dying.
THUNDER shakes the ground.
And more lightning.
And rain suddenly falls from the skies, threatening to soak the two men.
Cobb grabs Stump by the throat and stares him in the eye.
The Man is frozen with terror as Stump rises from the chair -- drunk and crazed, aiming the shaky gun.
He's drunk, he's not experienced with guns, he's shaking.
He misses again.
You're crazy!
You're crazy!
What happened tonight was private.
Stranger!
Joan, moving with nervous alert, approaches a Mercedes * sedan parked next to an Econoline van.
She removes it, glancing briefly at this heading in bold type: WOMEN - DON'T LIVE IN FEAR.
A low RUMBLING sound causes her to lift her gaze over the top of the car, where an attack shepherd (DUKE), slowly unsheathes his teeth and fixes her with a threatening stare through the closed window of the van.
That's what's so disturbing.
That's awful.
And I said, they're pissing into the wind but it's blowing back in my face... Some help I'm going to get from him, because he's scared to death of Red.
Joan, pacing about in nervous distress.
Posed in an alert stance, Duke breaks into a run, loping gracefully across the lawn to Harry, where he assumes a sitting position upon the command: Duke, platz!
But you don't want to give off that impression, by acting too timid or afraid, because that's what invites an aggressive attitude from certain types of men.
Are you afraid of your responses to me? Tch... (amorously) Why are you resisting?
Joan sits up, and in her alarm is unaware that one of her hands grabs hold of a swatch of hair on Harry's chest, causing him to wince: Oh God, this is because of Red, isn't it?
No, I don't want anything to do with Red, I'm terrified of him.
There's nothing to be afraid of, believe me.
Joan leaps from the car and in stark terror, runs out of the garage toward the house.
As he steps back to the ax and tries to extract it from the hood, she suddenly rushes at him and begins belaboring him with the crutch.
He's got a bad neck... I'm not afraid of these snakes!!
Medical.
The guy was holding a knife at her throat!! (from above) Okay, put the knife down, fellow.
Perceiving the danger to Harry: Put the knife down, Harry!
Terrified that they are going to shoot him, she moves over to Harry: (from above) Stay where you are, don't go near him.
In a very real sense she feared she had left herself behind.
So who am I interviewing?
She demurs.
This is a fight.
We're having a fight.
I'm cracking.
(a beat then) And I was all worried about figuring out the timing just to talk to you about renting a place for the summer.
Evelyn reads it and hands it back..She is about to offer something..Flor waves it off and enters the house..John comes in from the beach with his kids..boogie boards...Evelyn hands him the letter.. She's wild-eyed over this.. John moves after Flor as Bernie reads the letter.. Aw, shit.. (then quickly) Sorry about the word, Georgie.
He taps his heart as an indication of sincerity -- then a flash of worry that he has inadvertently come on to her.
She looks at him...He has been atypical...Her immediate emotional cocktail is panic, fury and deep, deep hurt.
(sotto to John) And to think I was worried about Flor living here with her kid?
I'm broke.
So between odd and the same...you gotta root for odd, don't you?
Flor nods ruefully..then suddenly off a glance at him.
Suddenly there is a bit of danger..she rises quickly, changing mode.
Suddenly, Flor breaks into a run..She is lithe and quick.
Because if I don't -- I'll worry about you and I can't handle that right now, okay?
Stop there.
Nothing to be nervous about.
This rocks her..panicked she grabs at her life preserver.
It's poison.
* "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) I haven't punched in yet.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Ronna, you shouldn't do this.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) You leaving?
Swear to God. "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) This is the real thing.
I need a hundred bucks or 20 hits of X. "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) What?!
Starts with X. "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) No. "C" Chiang Kai-Shek.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) I can't carry you!
I have more than I owe you.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Mannie!! Mannie, I got it!
Darkness.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Oh.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) You can have it back in an hour.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Did you go?
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) No. Never.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) (yelling) Hands!
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Enough!
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) What are you doing?
VICTOR [CONT'd] You know what wakes me up in the middle of the night, covered in sweat?
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Yo! Mmmhmm.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) The red hand stops flashing.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Gunning the engine, he hangs a hard left, cutting across three oncoming lanes.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Shifting gears, Simon tries to rock the car back and forth, making no progress.
Suddenly, there was one sock that didn't.
You hear that?
I have suspicions.
Adam is starting to panic.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Adam motions to leave it alone.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
He and Adam trade panicked stares.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) J.C. Penney's?
So does Burke.
He's doing about 20 when suddenly we hear a loud THUMP!
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Ronna's face suddenly slams down on the windshield, bleeding already.
He stops himself.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) No. Listen.
Stop.
Okay, stop!
He immediately reaches for his gun, but * "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) is right behind him.
We fly in, bringing us to... "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Simon awakes to POUNDING at the front door.
A beat, then Simon finally drops his panic.
Suddenly we hear a BEEPING.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) [NOTE: These are wild lines to play underneath scenes 6A, 57A and 121A.
Miss each other?
Seth looks over to station four, nervous as hell.
He suddenly runs down the hall.
What the hell is that?
(weird voice) Uh...nothing.
That guy's fucking creepy.
Did you hear her say she has an exam tomorrow?
(afraid) Heh.
There is an awkward silence, when suddenly Seth starts to wriggle in discomfort.
(a little scared) Well...what's goin' on in there?
Resisting!
Fuck! (nervous) Should I shoot him?!?
What the hell is this?
That is disgusting.
And he's a beast.
He's inches away from the front door, when suddenly- There!
(frightened) Oh my god...is he...are you gonna make sure he's alright?
The first time wasn't our fault, and the second time a bee flew in and I freaked out.
Scare `em out? 112 112 (to himself, mumbling) Oh god.
He's homeless.
It's the cops!
The cops.
(beat) It's in.
What the hell?
Can we shoot at it?
50 bucks.
Should we hide?
It was an accident.
(Girl looks off at...) Yes, it's Senf, the head porter, Grand Hotel... Are you at the Clinic?,... How's my wife?,... Is she in pain?,... Isn't the child coming soon?,... Patience!
You had better come to the hotel, I'm afraid... (speaking into telephone) Baron Gaigern speaking.
Destroy it.
Are you on the line?
I have been ill...
You are ill.
(turning to Doctor) Oh -- Doctor -- you are a Doctor -- I am -- I know -- I know -- when a man's collar is an inch too big for him -- I know he is ill.
Too bad.
(she pauses and droops suddenly) I think, Suzette, I have never been so tired in my life.
Terrible.
You see, I'm ill and all of a sudden I got a fear of missing life.
Now, where was I? (he looks over the sheet in her typewriter -- accidentally his arm touches her neck) Oh -- sorry.
I was on the telephone to Amsterdam today, they think you're scared.
Does it do you good to cry? Are you afraid?
(whispers in Russian) Oh, you strange -- strange creature.
I never knew it was so dangerous to hide in a woman's room when she's alone.
You frightened me -- badly.
You take pleasure in a dangerous climb onto a balcony, so you do it...
(stops suddenly -- takes glasses from his nose -- he is speaking, not reading) As you remember it -- when you approached us... (bangs the paper down) We did not approach you.
Pain?
It's urgent.
You're trembling.
(turns to Baron) Baron, you know -- I've only lived since last night -- but that little while seems longer than all the time before -- all the -- (he collapses suddenly onto the floor) Drunk.
(he closes his eyes suddenly) Oh, the pain.
Attack me would you?
Attack me -- I'll strike you -- I'll strike you -- I'll strike you -- Strike me!
(suddenly) Where is that girl -- she was working with him -- she enticed me into her room.
He laughed -- Poor devil!
Richie has a gender identity problem, and social phobia, and he's promised the group no to wear the walkman in this group.
Buck.
Buck ?
How did they die ?
Dangerous ?
Volatile !
I'm sorry, buddy.
He was murdered.
You stop.
So much blood...
I was afraid during dinner that you had taken a room here... and I might have to decide whether or not to go up with you.
It's red, poor thing.
Their They both moan.
What's missing ?
I'm terrified to go near the woman.
So I slow down.
Oh, Sondra, go.
Stop it !
Can you do that, Buck ?
The 787 is having problems.
Why are you so shocked?
I'm sorry to come by like this but the rumors are now hitting a fever pitch and I wanted to make sure everything was okay.
It broke.
And capitalism needed greed and risk and leverage to become the economic platform it has become... but those same attributes that got us there are now the liabilities that threaten to destroy us.
Is that still there?
He's dead.
Disappear.
How did they die?
Big drop in Amlyn as negative rumors on the street forced the company to admit there are still internal concerns about Byetta and pancreatitis.
JP Morgan... he single-handedly stopped the Panic of 1907 by stepping in and buying up shares in all the companies that were crashing.
See Jacob... the best opportunities are found where angels fear to tread.
That's horrifying.
And what changed?
He's a Russian oligarch on the run because Putin wanted to steal everything he owns.
Is he resigning?
Is that a threat?
Financials are a falling knife.
I'm not arguing that... but the best opportunities are found where angels fear to tread.
So yeah -- they are falling knives.
But Bretton... ... what's life without a little blood on your hands?
Thank you, he hasn't answered his phone and we're very worried.
He has a heavy cold and an irritating hack in his throat.
Then his jaw drops in fear.
One thing else that Hector knows is fear, blind, gut-turning fear.
Inside, his family are in a state of panic.
Don't make a noise.
That was easy, eh? You're half asleep already, little girl.
A confession.
So I'm a conspirator?
I struggle against it...
When it gets dark, we'll be there.
You, Priest, come here... get to work on him... he's not ready for heaven yet... there's a hundred thousand livres on his head if I get him to Paris alive... Start * praying... there's fifteen livres in it for you if he lives... Get that helmet off... get hammers, anything you can find... * and one of you get back down into the valley and fetch an armorer.
* She'll do you harm.
... and those against death...
Stop that... leave her alone... get back to the camp... or I'll tell your mother... how can you play like this when there are people needing your help back there...? The Boy is standing now and fixing his clothing.
They shake hands.
No... if you were carrying * something for me I would have to worry about you... if you go empty-handed I can put you out of my mind!
Suddenly, he is gone.
I have to leave town in an hour * or so anyway... Slow down, Troup... so it's 3:15 on a Friday... you're staying here 'til Mr. Santiago gets the paperwork... get your partner over here, with everything... this is serious... Hector looks at his watch.
I don't have time to pick up the rental now... they won't let me leave the building... you come down here... and put my bag in the car... no.. * I have to pick the kids up by six, otherwise I fuck up her weekend too... she'll kill me... this is an emergency... what can I say?
Hector stops the car outside Janet's house and lets out a sigh of relief.
This is where we'll be, if anything crops up... thanks for the break... Hector gets a little scared about what he has taken on.
His face contorts in guilt and anxiety.
I changed it.
I was in jail.
I'd forgotten... we used to watch * the stars... you could tell me the * names of all the planets... you * could recite them like a poem... remember... at the tiny window upstairs in the old house?
(she hangs up) Now.
Miss...?
How much for the phone calls?
Do I? (she shakes her head, smiles wistfully) No, I'm an open book, I'm afraid.
Stop worrying, Deke.
Because she was afraid.
Afraid you'd take Mitch?
Afraid I'd give Mitch.
She's only afraid of being abandoned.
Deadly.
They were hawks!
You look a little shaken.
(still a little hesitant) All right, I'll grant you a bird'll panic in an enclosed room.
The kids just probably scared them, that's all.
These birds attacked!
After the gulls attacked.
(alarmed) What is it?
(pause) It's odd how you depend on someone for strength, and then suddenly all the strength is gone, and you're alone.
Yes, they attacked the children, attacked them.
This young lady says there was an attack on the school.
(suddenly) It's the end of the world!
Bunch of crows attacked the school, Helen.
Makes a lot more sense than... well, an attack.
Vultures?
Hawks?
Yes, I... I'm anxious to get on the road.
A war? Against who? Did the Russians...? Against birds.
You've frightened my children half out of their wits.
What attack?
Who attacked the school?
(frightened by her mother) Mommy!
(on edge of panic, shouting at her children) Put on your coats!
Al, why aren't you over there where the attack was?
(silence) Mother, the house won't take another attack.
We'll worry about that when we get there.
I'm frightened, terribly frightened.
You a stranger here?
Only strangers?
That was because everybody was afraid of Mick.
Why? Outlaws.
Worry it over.
Why? It got dark.
It's my fatality.
I'll say I saw a ghost.
But can you arrest him?
I solemnly swear that on Thursday last, about eleven p.m. the stagecoach in which I was riding was held up by five armed bandits.
It was about your death.
It's a dangerous play, Haven.
You're under arrest!
(taking another drink) I'm a nervous man.
A cut.
The building burned down.. .you
Is that why I'm under arrest?
Drop it.
Ben had a gun last night but it didn't seem to scare you.
You were taking a detachment up north on an Indian scare?
Well, that scare is a fake.
He hangs up the phone and runs out of the house.
She's crazy about you.
(beat) I am.
You attack.
I watched it.
A doctor who specializes in skin diseases will dream that he has fallen asleep in front of the television.
You're crazy.
That's dangerous.
He was a cop?
Thief.
She's unbalanced.
That's awful.
That's because it's cursed.
Suddenly she spins and draws her pistol.
A nightmare.
Sorry I fell asleep.
He hangs up.
Are you crazy?
She looks terrified.
A beat.
This will ruin me.
A beat.
I'm a cop.
Who died in a Russian jail.
Stunning.
Escaping.
Bandit #20 looks scared, Woody unreadable.
Why are you stopping?
'Stop.
Waaa-ait, Mr. Postman...' FORD crosses the parking lot of an abandoned motel.
They're still out there.
They shake hands.
I'm afraid you don't understand, Sheriff.
What government?
Did they survive the plague?
The Romans had an expression they used to scare their children.
I'm weak.
He watches a moment, suddenly grimaces.
Ponytail rounds a bend at a lope -- and then -- her eyes widen in terror.
George makes no move to flee as they near.
BOOM! Caught in the storm, the ten soldiers go down.
He's just a scared boy.
The ghosts of the past.
Through flood and plague we cannot fail.
You owe it to me...
I owe it to me.
He shakes his head "no."
I challenge you.
The horses collide.
Bloody.
The Postman and Bethlehem are at each other like coiled snakes.
Bethlehem tries to pry the fingers from his throat, but can't.
He... (interrupting) I'm sorry.
Where's where I asked him about being scared?
It makes me nervous to think about it.
(on tape) All this business of war -- do you get scared?
I was worried I was early.
Stop there.
What is she shooting?
I was a little nervous there for a minute.
The stuff in the dark is not good.
(to Guard) It's okay.
Watch?
Nervous?
I haven't... (stopping her) It would never occur to me to worry at all about you.
I don't think you can overestimate it -- on any given Saturday night tens of thousands of women are being attacked and there isn't much they or we can do about it... (on monitor) The victims often remain too terrified to talk -- the police powerless and all the social welfare groups can finally do is monitor this epidemic of crime without punishment.
Tomorrow the jury returns to this site as each day brings more revelations of horror, four more bodies now taken from the frozen earth...This is Jennifer Mack in Wota Hamlet, Alaska.
This is hysterical.
But I had this historic attack of flop sweat so they'll never let me another again.
No, nice ones worried that I was having a heart attack.
Awful.
And if the network doesn't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry.
It's terrible what you did.
Tin Cup can be slightly condescending in these situations, though she's got him a little wary.
It's about inner demons and self-doubt and human frailty and overcoming all that crap.
(starts swing) Lowly and slowly the clubhead is pulled back, led into position not by the hands but the body which turns away from the target, shifting to the right side without shifting balance.
I'm afraid to ask.
(with horror, inside the Winnebago) You hocked your golf clubs?!
'Bout three balls... Silence.
Buried.
I'm afraid she'll say no.
He's startled.
(suddenly dejected) Oh God... (reaching into her purse) Mind if I smoke?
You a coward?
The Force is with me, pods... 74 TIN CUP hits a wedge approach -- the ball lands inches 74 from the hole.
(on tape) ... when the going gets tough, the, the, the, whirrrrrrrrrrr, the, the... Tin Cup shakes the Walkman and pounds his ears.
She's abandoning me!
Earl's having trouble with the flagstick, shaking it, panicking, and finally -- he snaps it free, but...
I gotta go.
A disaster.
Kill me now!
What the hell.
There's wind up there.
Well, he hasn't shown an ounce of fear all day.
And sleep in the Winnebago at night... Silence.
If he doesn't hit the jackals, at least he'll scare the shit out of them.
You're the one stressing me out.
(in sign language) Don't forget you have the dentist at four.
We both shot.
Yes, the terrorists attacked a tour bus on the road.
We were attacked.
Bad.
Who shot her?
I was scared.
It's not a weapon, it's my knife.
Amelia, worried, approaches him.
The chicken starts to shake, spurting blood everywhere.
That happens when you're nervous.
Suddenly Mohammed focuses on the radio.
The shots cease for a few seconds, but they suddenly start again.
More shots.
Debbie is frightened and goes to hide behind Amelia.
We suddenly hear sirens.
It's going to get dark soon.
Abdullah, afraid, watches his son shoot.
Yussef and Abdullah, terrified, stick to the stones.
Is he armed?
From the window we can hear the noises of the town: voices, goats bleating, camels moaning, music from a radio.
I was scared, that's why I left... forgive me.
I was scared too... when I saw Pat lying still in his crib... Her voice breaks up and she can barely go on.
So much... so much... Richard looks worried and leaves the room.
This is the phone call from the beginning.
Waal, they're honorable scars.
...stunning.
I have to redo the figures on the train... MOORE (cont'd) Don't move the car... don't move the car... ...is he moving the car...? BLANE (cont'd) Oh, maaan... Is he getting out of the car...? Hey: what the hell...? What the hell...? Scuse me, scuse me, officer, we were sposed to have a detail, doing security for us... ...Bobby...? No, it's no big deal, but we're standing out here... ...who did you...? Forget about... No, it burns my butt... we're out there, we're out there, side-of-the-road, workin' on the highway, for...
I am a Criminal.
She thinks the guy's weak, he's scared, she's scared, I think she's sincere.
What was it before you changed it?
...and, so, you got hurt.
You must be under quite a lot of stress.
Elizabeth sees his terror.
He offers to shake hands.
A torment.
I was terrible.
(the needle sticks) TKS/Seidler/09/17/08 35.
Sore back.
I was punished.
How dreadful.
With a toothache.
You're a dangerous man, Logue.
Courtiers and peers...the whole panoply of a class which once ruled the nation which once ruled the world, afraid of losing their last vestige of privilege if the monarchy is further debased.
You've the Devil in you today.
I fear your brother is like the child in a fairy story, given everything in the world, but they forgot his soul.
Reluctantly.
IN THE STUDY: the men are growing increasingly nervous.
We're being cowards.
Logue and Bertie look panic-stricken.
Logue ushers Elizabeth into the study, giving Myrtle a nervous little wave.
Breathe deeply...expand your chest... now your stomach...deep into the diaphragm.
But should you wish to avoid further stress... Why not paint him pink and cover him with sequins?
You've made a dangerous enemy.
During this, Bertie's hands begin to shake, the pages of his speech rattle like dry leaves, his throat muscles constrict, the Adam's apple bulges, his lips tighten...all the old symptoms reappear.
But far more than this - the peoples of the world would be kept in the bondage of fear, and all hopes of settled peace and of the security of justice and liberty among nations would be ended.
Sprite.
This is a hospital.
Dark hair.
Stop.
Stop it.
That's out of line.
We still do.
Can we drop this?
Only time I ever saw your mother scared, and she was really scared.
Stop that!
It'll go away.
I'm worried about my daughters.
Still do.
And she's dying.
Beats me.
When will she die?
Any day now, I'm afraid.
How bad?
Deal is this: She's got a psycho, threatens her over the phone.
It was an accident.
He died.
Then kill him.
Because Mike was scared.
He handed it to you... without telling you how dangerous it was?
Flee?
Slow.
I'm scared.
This is bad.
The blow was non-lethal.
Shooting up.
She died.
Fell asleep.
(shakes his head) No.
You killed him!
Is there a problem?
You took an awful risk.
I'm scared, Joe.
What do you need a boat for?
I'm scared.
Do you hear that -- ?
What cop?
We're gonna go get Darian.
Will the police catch Marcon?
There are planes falling out of the sky, buildings blowing up.
But I'm a little nervous.
We've got to be able to deal with a terrorist threat before it occurs.
He's dead.
An accident.
(beat) Who are you?
The robbery.
I've gotta go to work.
Voice stress points suggest he's worrying.
You're firing me.
(beat) Why?
I gotta go.
They're spooks.
Police?
Nobody's kicking me out of my house.
I was missing you.
We were having a fight.
Who won the fight?
And you were worried about me.
Where's your gun?
A bug? Yeah.
Well, sir, I'm afraid it's not as simple as that.
If it was, it's destroyed now.
He's dead now.
(on TV) I've lived through the dark ages of Hoover's Watch-List and McCarthy's Witch Hunts - men who used moral crusades, fired by fear, to lay waste to our freedoms.
A pound for one night; three pounds for four.
You nervous?
The chanting stops as suddenly as it began.
I'll kill you.
Fight.
Afraid to let things grow.
Risk everything to gain nothing.
Maria takes PK's hand, a little nervous.
You hear that?
'A.' The door to the library suddenly opens.
Once warned.
The two most dangerous things you'll ever see in your life, boyo: a hangup of rock that won't blast free on first shot and a driller with a powder headache drinkin'.
buried.
He stands, his chest heaving.
Rasputin is concerned.
Rasputin speaks urgently in Russian.
I'm more worried about the social thing.
You're fired.
(Shakes his bead) Down from Houston.
You go by your old house?
Shadow gets crazy-- Sergeant Major?
You're dismissed.
You Slow?
Otis, apologize to the Sheriff-- You got him too scared to peep, Sheriff.
When he was killed.
Got a cot in the back- people get afraid to go home they can spend the night.
I was afraid he was going to arrest me--he had those eyes, you know-- Yeah.
I had a still.
He was afraid I was going to poison somebody.
So I'm worried about you.
[The other guys are so scared they'd rather wet their pants.]
Jumped up at my face--scared me so bad I killed him without thinkin'.
What the hell are you doing?
Are you crazy?
But hell, what's that?
Okay, that's a problem.
Stop that!
I miss you.
There was a -- spider.
You disgust me.
(panicking) I'm not ready for this.
What?! Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
For the Bonobo, sex is a way to ease stress and diffuse tensions.
Cut!
We gotta go.
Sorry, buddy, that's my toy.
I got implants, just like you said! (horrified) Indeed you did.
'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 Next up, Javier tells us if your petunias are going to see any rainfall this weekend.
I'm not a control freak.
A lot of women I know are total control freaks -- and it's a nightmare.
(nervous) Hi! I'm sorry, but Jack Magnum will no longer be able to do "The Ugly Truth" segment.
Abby stands in the basket, still nervous, but flying on adrenaline.
Men are afraid.
...They're afraid to say what they feel.
Afraid to grow up.
The elevator was a moment of passion, followed by a moment of panic on your part, apparently.
Are you going to threaten me with death when we have sex?
You are dismissed.
That was his problem.
(the OLDER PRIEST nods, terrified) "I am as God made me", was that what you said?
I gotta go to work.
I'm having panic attacks.
What if that was a legitimate threat?
My wife's asleep.
How obsessive are you?
Cop.
If you make me fear for my life, I put a fucking bullet in your head as if you were anybody else.
He's a cop.
She's a cop.
You're a cop.
You're a cop.
He went into a building on the waterfront.
He's crazy.
I hear you.
We can bust him for what we have.
I now have information... from a very good source...that Queenan may have been killed by his own undercover.
I'm gonna go in the other room.
I was a little worried.
Sprite.
So she grew up doing a knife act.
(laughing) That's what I'm afraid of.
Tony Rocky Horror.
What the hell was that?
If you'll excuse me, I gotta go home and have a heart attack.
This watch.
I didn't realize there was a difference between a tummy and a pot belly.
We're in a lot of danger, aren't we?
You startled me.
What are you watching?
Butch, I was so worried!
Are we in danger?
I'm sorry I worried you, sweetie.
It's a freak, but it happens.
Whaddya think she'll do? (pause) No fuckin' shit she'll freak.
I witnessed a freak occurrence.
When you yell at me, it makes me nervous.
When I get nervous, I get scared.
And when motherfuckers get scared, that's when motherfuckers get accidentally shot.
But I'm afraid I can't give you the case.
I gotta go pee!
How come you're so scared of your own kid brother?
(a little nervous) I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Corleone.
Is he dead?
They wanted to scare him, that's all.
You're talking as though she has no right to be frightened when there are machine guns going off in her backyard.
Killed by someone inside...very frightened that they botched it.
I went down to the Barrett house.
I'll go home alone in the car; and before I reach the hotel, I'll be assassinated.
Roth got out on a private boat.
I know he's scared, but have one of our people reach him.
My informants say he was half dead and scared stiff -- talking out loud that you had turned on him and tried to kill him.
This is urgent.
(Pause) I'm afraid they're rather ghastly.
COLIN nods eagerly, anxious to get out.
Just the odd early warning if you know she's going to be late on set.
Suddenly abandoned, OLIVIER and VIVIEN look momentarily startled before VIVIEN glances at him with a half-smile.
One does get so terribly nervous.
He is now called the Duke of Strelitz, he cannot of course go to the Abbey tomorrow, but he is most anxious you should invite him to the room you have taken in the Ritz for Nicky.
The place is dark and quiet.
They're terrified their cash cow will slip away.
ROGER is fast asleep.
Oh, God... I'm sorry...
So I hear.
Too bad.
OPEN on a massive dolls' house.
A cold dread clutches at COLIN's stomach.
For a second he fears the worst, but then suddenly she groans and sits up, looking at him blearily.
Everyone was worried about you.
She is instantly back asleep.
She is doubled up, clutching her stomach, sweating and frightened.
BANG!
When's the arraignment?
You don't have to be nervous, Will.
But he's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to him.
What are you, retarded?
What do you have to worry about?
Then what are you afraid of?
What do you mean "What am I afraid of?"
What are you so scared of?
What am I scared of?
You live in your safe little world where nobody challenges you and you're scared shitless to do anything else-- Don't tell me about my world.
You're the one that's afraid.
You're the one that's afraid.
What the fuck am I afraid of?! You're afraid of me.
You're afraid that I won't love you back.
I'm afraid too.
Why don't you beat off at your house?
I don't have a VCR at my house.
I owe it to myself?
You owe it to me.
This is a disaster!
Why is he hiding?
I'd rather fight a big kid, they never fight, everyone's scared of 'em.
Can you stop him?
* Crazy?
The Wolf of Wall Street Buff Revised Pages 3/5/13 Steve clears his throat, looks over at Jordan -- he's terrified.
Is your landlord threatening to evict you?
Be aggressive!
He shakes out more pills, two more apiece.
Donnie holds his throat as he falls * backward choking, taking out the entire glass kitchen table with a tremendous CRASH!
It had an alarm.
I think we might of scared her.
That's why we go on the road.
This is an emergency.
You'd blow a knee out racing on those.
He looked too shaken-up.
Murders.
Watch me.
That coward.
And we'll blow up his car.
Stop.
(shaking hands with crew across table) How are you.
Are you afraid to die?
Are you afraid?
It's jail.
He escaped.
I did warn you.
My life is a warning.
Are you wearing eye shadow?
That's why I stopped doing it with you.
It was always like you were frightened.
Make their kids afraid.
It may sound that way, but I react out of fear.
I cut myself.
I can't leave the house?
Are you afraid of heights, Guster?
It bugs me.
That bugs me.
You head was pressed against my chest.
Should I? It would worry me.
If I let everything that should worry me, worry me, I'd be dead from worry.
Oh...with his ear infection!
I've been dreading you.
A violation?
(beat) Why?
It's freakish.
Well, he doesn't need to worry.
He's not the type to worry.
I fell asleep!
(beat) What are you doing?
And why was the alarm on?
Oh God, we don't want the police!
Are you afraid of heights?
He's been asleep for hours.
I've been dreading you.
To the patio and one north-facing window... (suddenly realizing) And six inches to the height.
I'm afraid you won't be able to continue until this is settled.
Are you threatening me?
I'm an orphan.
You find something objectionable to working in partnership with.... Sir, I'm in Law Enforcement, I was out there, dealing with an armed and dangerous...
You told her you were an You private fears.
That's what think... ...mos kind... STARLING (cont'd) Hey, now, what was I afraid of... shooting at Is that what you're afraid of...? Then you tell me, then.
...you an orphan.
Surrender.
He's spend'n his life helping Children.
...nightmare.
You have a recent scar on the back of your hand.
...your My scar is a war-wound.
Just get me his vital signs, will you...? Catcha later... Which would, of necessity, have left this scar in the shape of the number "3."
When you go away.
They die.
It left a scar.
What shape is the scar?
What shape is the scar?
But sometimes I get scared this is as good as it's gonna get... Things'll change for us.
I'll tell ya, I wasn't scared of being killed, but I was terrified of getting wounded, and having the medics discover my secret.
You were much scarier in real life than you were in the movie.
(bitter) They don't want the classic horror films anymore.
The pure horror, it both repels and attracts them.
The blood is horror.
That's not the issue !! (she suddenly stops) Ugh! How can you act so casual, when you're dressed like that?!
Beware!
Beware.
He's a monster !
It scare da crowds.
A brute.
(beat) Hello?
Bela needs a job...
We're gonna have the most terrifying monster ever seen on film!
(suddenly freaking out) No! No water!
Like what ?! (nervous) The secretary.
Bela, I don't know what I'm doin' anymore... Stop worrying.
They are afraid of it.
(beat) Okay.
We killed him.
These horror pictures are humiliating.
That was so scary, it gave me goosebumps.
In the afterlife, you don't have to worry about finding work.
This is a hospital!
Dis is a nightmare.
We're escaping!
Stop!
The poor girl's out of a job.
It's uncanny .
What's uncanny?
(scared) What do we do?! Help! HELP!!! (near tears) Dear Jesus, please forgive us!
Graves!
Oh, you wanna talk about the "big picture"?! How 'bout that the policemen arrive in the daylight, but now it's suddenly night??? YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING!
"So what if we develop this solarnite bomb?
Eleanor's hand lowers a piece of notebook paper beneath the table, on it she has written: "Hi Doug!" Doug starts with panic, rears back, cracks his head on the bottom of the table, and then, as his head rebounds from the blow, he accidentally impales himself in his chin with the sharp pencil.
Doug shakes his head no.
Watch it.
It was an accident.
She's frightened.
Did you hear me?
No. That's why she sent me, she doesn't want you to come, she was afraid you would if you heard from someone else.
(puzzled) Had to what?
So am I. (shocked) You are?
Awww, man...
(suddenly alarmed) Oh Jesus... did we?
Missed you, too.
I'm on probation.
Gotta go.
I have a little scar.
(through her tears) Doing what?
You're crazy.
A bacteria?
You failed.
And you-what the hell was all that?
Extradition between France and the U.S. is a bureaucratic nightmare.
Stop.
Stop.
They feel the foreign nature of the dreamer, and attack-like white blood cells fighting an infection.
They're going to attack us?
A maze.
It'll change him.
Look, Ariadne, I need them for this job.
I need you for this job.
How did she die?
Then I panic that I'll always wish I'd seen them turn, that I can't waste this chance...
(thinking) Rain... gunfire... Uncle Peter.
Are you hearing that?
Did we miss it?
Yeah, we missed it.
What the hell do we do now?
Watch.
This is crazy.
You don't go out with him for his money?!? Oh, horrors!
The YOUNG MAN is strong-arming RITA who is beginning to get frightened.
He sneaks off.
LANGFORD, attempting to camouflage himself by wearing a cap over his eyes and his trench coat collar turned up, his eyes hidden behind dark glasses, walks out of the building.
God damnit!
You had your warning, Mr. Krupkin.Help me.
WE WATCH the SECURITY GUARDS and WIRTZ pitch PUPKIN out into the street.
Suddenly PUPKIN is IN THE FRAME, walking side by side with LANGFORD.
LANGFORD looks at PUPKIN in terror.
He falters a bit, out of fear.
A CLOSE UP records his reaction of sheer terror.
Ow! LANGFORD glances down in horror at the gun which he now realizes is a toy and looks up in horror to see MARSHA, bigger than life, bearing down on him.
Sorry, buddy.
Feared dead, he emerged 36 days later, running on a fuel he'd distilled himself from the natural elements!
It's a fossil fuel.
How did we miss that?
When hit with an electromagnetic pulse, it becomes extremely dangerous.
Can you hear me?
Do you hear me?
But you're dead!
Outside?
Hang on.
I gotta go to a doctor.
If you're worried about your fuel, man, don't.
On the tower.
Shoot.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
There's a bomb in here!
The bomb is on you.
I'm the bomb!
You are the bomb!
Bomb?
I'm gonna have to go get myself some coolant.
What's the panic?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal... (unlocking door quickly) Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
I don't care if it is Marilyn Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and I've taken a sleeping pill -- so I'm afraid the answer is no.
Let me worry about that.
Blasting off.
It was making me nervous, so I chopped it off.
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
(guardedly) Why?
I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.
So where is the victim?
A bad insurance risk?
A cemetery?
I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik -- well, stop worrying -- I'm going to take her off your hands.
Swell.
Cut.
This is terrible!
Aw, screw it.
Fragile?
COPS?
I'm sorry... Oh my God, they killed Kenny!
(Nervous) So, guys, I need to ask you a serious question...
Think how's this gonna change my life, what am I gonna miss?
Think how's this gonna change my life, what am I gonna miss?
DEATH?!
I'm afraid you need to work more on not saying the F word and the N word.
No, Eric... I'm afraid it's phase two for you... Prepare thyself for unending pain!
I'm so sick of these soldiers.
Now bend over!
Me?! (Nervous) Kay.
The war is escalating, and the American forces are preparing for a large scale attack on Canada.
This is a dangerous mission, so I'll go myself.
I was gettin' worried I'd never see another one!
The night will swallow him up.
You are under arrest!
This is terrible...
This is MY fight!!
No need to stress!
I pray your arms my arms to take!
I'm afraid I already know a great many people.
I'm afraid you're blocking my view.
Your dentist called yesterday.
(a pause, regarding her) Mrs. Lampert, I'm afraid you're in a great deal of danger.
Danger?
Why should I be in any danger?
And I'm afraid we want it back.
Right there, between your eyes -- see? Worry lines.
Can you hear me?
Stop that!
(a sigh of relief) Having a nervous breakdown.
I mean, what'd you think he'd do -- walk up 'n' shake you by that hand o' yores?
They're only trying to scare you, that's all.
(shaking his head) No. No, what?
Dead?
Steal it how?
Cutting it out.
I'm afraid that will have to wait, Mrs. Lampert.
And stop threatening that boy.
Alex -- Hm? I'm scared.
I'm afraid.
In my room, asleep.
So you can kill me too?
But you're -- divorced?
Bane?
Although you don't have the long nails... (Nervous laugh.)
I'm afraid I can't let you take those.
We've been robbed.
It's okay, Miss.
Then I will kill you.
He's dead.
Between that and the scar tissue on your kidneys, residual concussive damage to your brain tissue and general scarred-over quality of your body... (Takes a deep breath.)
Watch?
There is a prison.
Bane.
And I failed.
That's what you're afraid of - that if I go back out there I'll fail.
I'm afraid that you want to.
That'll slow them down.
They've got hostages!
Of the fanatic.
And I beat him.
You'd abandon me?
Flood it.
I'm afraid he has a point, Mr. Wayne.
How can we change that?
Not as serious as yours, I fear.
That you should be as afraid of him as I am.
Did they kill him?
This is now a four-megaton nuclear bomb.
The bomb is armed, the bomb is mobile, the identity of the triggerman is a mystery.
And you'll be dead.
You were the mercenary.
What about the bomb?
Fear is why you fail.
The fear of death.
I do fear death.
I fear dying in here while my city burns with no one there to save it.
Then fear will find you again.
Exile.
Where the hell are they?
The bomb goes off tomorrow.
What's that gonna do tomorrow, when that thing blows?
War.
Including the emergency flood - There is no way to stop this bomb.
Why worry about the stabilization software?
Bales.
You owe me.
You owe me.
She fainted.
Where the hell are you?
That's retarded.
Si, si, but I need it.
I'm just afraid its gonna be the whole thing all over again with Derek, and then I've got to find some other asshole, and do it all again.
I'm sick of the whole cycle.
I need a job, mehn, then I pay you.
Where are you?! We got two calls from 45 Smith Street wondering where their food is! (over the wind noise) I got into an accident!
(suddenly friendly again) Okay, yeah, see you next week.
Where the hell have you been!
He's a little scary looking ... he scares me.
I'll owe you.
What the hell is it?
Cops're here.
I gotta go!
You missed.
Cops're here.
This is the police!
I'm afraid I don't understand.
So, where's "Weird Al"? SHH! He's back there.
This is way too creepy.
I'm afraid if I see him, I'll start feeling really bad again.
I dropped it!
(very stupid and nervous) Uh... it's uh... it's about The Mutilator... My goodness!
That rules!
You're insane.
You make me nervous!
I'm afraid you're simply going to have to take that painting down.
I dunno, I... I'm serious!
Oh -- please - don't let me interrupt finish your phone call.
I'm really anxious to get my record collection out of storage... Why don't we start with that next week?
What are you... wanted to photograph you... watching... No, Mark! No! help me to understand this... this nightmare... That'll do Mark... dry your eyes and stop being silly.
...and this! ...her burial!
He was interested ... in the reactions of the nervous system... to fear... Fear?
Fear?
Fear.
Especially fear in children - and how they react to it.
I think he learned a lot... from me... I'd wake up... screaming... sometimes... and he'd be there... taking notes... and pictures... and I'm sure good came of it... for some people...
Risking your job and...
I'll be scared to death tonight as it is!
You frightened me!
So perfect... that even he ... (he hesitates) ... even he... would say... Who Don Jarvis!? Oh! He'd say: (imitating the great man's voice) Sign on the dotted line, kiddies!
(she strikes an attitude a, la Rabbins) Being frightened to death?
They can only hang you once.
But how would he frighten me to?
(quickly) Mummy, what's worrying you?
It had better be soon... Are you going away? Almost for certain!
Sergeant, I've been on the force thirty odd years... and I have never seen such fear on anyone's face as on this girl's... (almost to himself) What was it she saw?
I'm afraid they will!
And that poor girl... where did she work?
Supper's laid out in the kitchen.
They ask me for horror comics - and I take their sticky hands and drag them to where there are books!
People... Yes?... It's owned by a little boy who is terrified of grown-ups... but when he looks in his magic camera he sees grown-ups as they were when they were children... and he isn't frightened any longer.
(staring at the screen) It's no good - I was afraid it wouldn't be.
... in... red (suddenly she covers her face in her hands') I can't!
... Did you say news...? Don't let me see you... frightened... (he pushes the door wide open...) Leave! (he looks at her - then looks quickly away) Hurry, Helen!
But if you're frightened... Show me - or I'll remain frightened... for the rest of my life.
Show me! Do you know... what the most frightening thing in the world is?... It's fear.
When they felt the spike... touching their throats... and knew I was going to kill them... ... I made them - watch their own deaths!
Made them see their own terror as the spike went in... and if death has a face, they saw that too!
... frightened ... for you... Look out!
I could have found your faces for you... Helen - I'm afraid!
I'm glad I'm afraid!
Don't be a silly boy... there's nothing to be afraid of... Good night, Daddy... Everyone else had gone?
I told him I was afraid I would miss my bus.
You're here to defend me!
You threatened those children, didn't you?
Moving for the sink, when he suddenly stops.
Stops.
That's instinct.
It's gotta be in your blood.
So what the hell are they doing?
The cripple.
That's what you're missing.
(suddenly) Hey.
(laughing) Oh, dear, I'm going to scare you away.
He's been watching them.
(to Barzoon) I was panicked!
I'm gonna make some very tough phone calls.
It's not my tits I'm worried about.
Stop.
thru thru 132 132 Dark.
Sorry, Mr. Lomax, I thought we'd scared 'em all away... Always did like to stick his nose in a camera.
I'm worried about her.
This case?
You know what scares me?
The victim?
He's dead.
He was killed.
Let me worry about it.
I'm afraid to pray.
They want you to go to sleep.
Watching.
I gotta go.
The Antichrist.
It's a bitch.
-- CHATTERING out -- on Lewinson's headed note paper: To the Commissioner of Police Police Headquarters John Vorster Square Dear Sir, On behalf of our client, Gordon Ngubene, we are anxious to discover the whereabouts of his son... Wellington, Jonathan's friend, is sitting alone in fear.
I'm sorry, babies.
(suddenly desperate) Ben, I'm sorry about Gordon's death, but please for all our sakes, forget about this whole thing.
No. In the end one grows tired of being afraid.
Ben, I know your anxiety about the inquest.
They were rough with him, pushing him and threatening.
(to Ben over noise of the discussion) Don't worry, man.
(suddenly aggressive) I'm sorry, but where are we going?
(throwing Ben a warning daggers look) I'm afraid I don't understand.
I'm afraid she has to stay where we can see her -- in case she wanted to warn someone.
They raided the house; they are tapping my phone, and I have been threatened by one of the officers.
Just wanted to scare me, that's all.
Scare you?
Lewinson the lawyer has stressed their importance.
Does it worry you?
Sound of the PHONE, a young nurse's frightened face as she remembers peering in at a young boy, struggling and moaning... Policemen closing the door... her hand signing the affidavit and handing it to a man's hand.
They were trying to scare us, that's all.
Is that a threat, Colonel?
A friendly warning.
(rising and shaking hands with Ben) How's it?
Nothing has changed in this house.
They don't know what you've got and you're a danger to them.
I don't want to worry about you.
(anxious) What's happened, man? (obviously still scared) It's you.
It was a bomb.
She's being deported.
So where'd you get the beauty scar?
This?.. (scratching the scar, shrugs) I was a kid.
I shoulda left you in Cuba. of Miami as, to the music of the Immigration theme, we: A movie projector... We're watching . . . the face of Bogart -- unshaven, paranoid.
family restaurant, cafe, tourist haunt and late-night watering hole for various beasts of prey.
Rev. 11/Z/82 I'm scared.
c0NT1NuED (walking away) You worry too much Manny -- you' re gonna get yourself a heart attack one of these days.
side bandaged, and Tony, carrying the suitcase, through giant glass portals, past seriously armed security cops in the lobby.
Go get her, will you, Ernie?
(interrupting) .. .I'm sorry.
60 60 thru OMITTED thm 62 62 #02154 47 thru 51 Rev. l/18/83 Tony and Manny drive home in the broken down Monte Carlo -- sedan through the streets of Little Havana.
From his battered Monte Carlo across the curb, Tony, spruced up and nervous in a new suit, gets out carrying a bag of gifts.
crazy.
terrified, being positioned at the door of the chopper by the Shadow and the Skull, his hands tied to his back and a He is length of thick rope looped around his neck.
We tell you who's moving against you, we shake down who you want shaken down, if you have a real problem in a collec- tion, we'll step in for you.
I like the scar.
1X) Blow.
Manny suddenly slides into frame, backing Tony.
You're crazy!
(awkward) Well.. -What are the guns for Tony? (shrugs) What for?
(nervous) Why would I hurt you, Tony, I brought you in!
His eyes.. .Bernstein, reading them, gets worried.
He fires.
Tony abruptly walks out, a vial appearing in his hands as he steps out of the office.
(sore point) I'm working on it.
He suddenly catches a glimpse of the sloe-eyed Gabriella moving with another woman past a window of the house.
And your government -- what does it do?
(concerned) Everything okay Tony?
(nervous, to Ernie) Ernie, what time?
I hear you.
And now you are afraid to take a room with a bath?
May I ask how much your rooms are? (trying to get rid of them) Well, gentlemen, I'm afraid our rates are rather high.
Why should you be afraid?
I'm afraid we have no boxes of that size in our vault, but there is one suite with a private safe... That's even better.
But, gentlemen, I am afraid... He's always afraid.
This is Kopalski of the Russian Board of Trade.
Did you win? (enthusiastically) We can forget horse racing, roulette, the stock market... our worries are over!
(just as nervous as Swana) What does he say?
Right now there is a Russian commission in New York trying to sell fifteen Rembrandts.
(in a low voice) He's cutting our throat...
Don't look so gloomy, gentlemen.
There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
Which lawyer?
(she pulls the blouse off her shoulder and shows him her scar) Tsk, tsk, tsk.
Do you hear that?
There is a strike in the kitchen?
(horrified) Oh, madame!
Only one in the rear, I'm afraid.
(to the party) I'm only afraid that the doorman may spoil our fun.
Are you crazy?
Leave that worry to me.
I'm afraid I can't.
Well, Comrade, I am afraid you will have to turn over that work to someone else.
And there is a Russian saying: "The cat who has cream on his whiskers had better find good excuses."
(helplessly) Friends... friends, Buljanoff, Iranoff... (afraid of being left out) ...and Kopalski.
The world will be crowded with Russian restaurants.
No one shall say Ninotchka was a bad Russian.
(shakes her head) No, what are you thinking?
What is your problem?
What fire?
Irv looks concerned.
The fire is out.
Those sun lamps are dangerous.
What, the cop?
She's a rascal.
Irv looks concerned.
What's everybody scared of?
There's nothing to be scared of.
(re: the mob guys) Those are the guys you're all scared of?
Everybody over there is really scared of you guys, you know that?
It's a disaster.
Rosalyn looks in mirror: sadness, anger, fear.
Stop.
You scare him, and you manipulate him, and you use your son!
Think he's gonna go after a politician?
That's crazy.
He called me again the night of the 5th and he threatened to kill me.
It stabilizes our economy.
It's dangerous.
Edith walks up to him to shake hands.
What if there are obstacles, what will you do?
Obstacles?
We were watching that!
It must make you scared to get close to someone again.
It was disgusting!
Ahh, what'd you do now... fall off your bike again?
Should I kill him now?
He's a prick.
We've been worried sick about you.
I gotta go.
ROSA (cont'd) (panic) What are you doing?
You're hurting him!!
You go in the kitchen, I go to my room.
(to his friends) We were thirteen days away from getting married and ... I just got scared.
Who the hell is this?
You scared me!
I know, that's why we were meant to be together... No, I mean your dedication scares me... It's easy to be dedicated, when you care about something... Yeah, I felt that way, too, when I first started, but now... the hours, the repetition... it's not all glamour and mall openings anymore.
I'm sorry...Oh my gosh, are you George McCord?! ...What?
Why are you screaming at me?
What the hell are you doing here?
Are you crazy?
You want me to be afraid, but I'm not.
Federal agents start moving in quietly, heavily-armed, wearing big FBI arm bands.
Let everybody worry about their own business.
And on top of everything, now we got the Chinese Triads and these crazy Russians to deal with.
A shrink.
(having trouble breathing) Talk to Zello and Baldassare.
Well, sometimes people do it because they fear rejection or disapproval, but you can't let that worry you, Carl.
The hell he is.
He's having trouble sleeping.
Panic attacks.
Did I say panic?
Dizzy -- breathing -- chest pain attacks.
He's crazy about you.
(worried) Oh, Ben.
It's crazy.
That would be too scary.
(tearing up) I was so worried.
What, that you're a scary guy?
Sudden thing.
Were you angry, were you afraid?
Scott looks away, terrified, as Vitti exits past him.
TWO SHOTS from a PISTOL with a SILENCER strike him in the chest and he falls to the floor dead.
Wedding guests react in horror.
(a beat) So.
(with difficulty) I love you -- and I'm afraid for you -- I want you to be safe -- and I want you to have a good life.
He goes down on one knee and genuflects in front of a big crucifix.
How did he die?
I'm having nightmares as it is.
I'm in pain.
So what's the problem?
Why? His pants.
Oh, my God! (in a panic) Paul!
You're making him nervous.
This is insane.
(shrugs) How long you gonna lay there?
What the hell is that?
What are you, crazy?
Sindone glares at him, then lowers his gun, turns, and starts to walk back into the building joined by Mangano and the soldiers.
Suddenly, Sindone whirls and FIRES at Vitti.
That's crazy.
(Stopping.)
That sounded weird.
This is crazy.
You nervous?
We start at 125 pounds.
You hear me?
You hear me!
You need to get up!
Do you hear me?
I'm destroying him.
I'll drop you off.
I'm afraid so, pal.
But she's here with an attorney.
You hear me?
Finish this! Warning.
And then he just put him in that place so he didn't have to worry about him.
Do you hear me?
What's he watching?
This is freaking spooky.
Have you lost your mind?! We've been worried sick about him!
You don't have to worry about us.
He hangs up.
I fell asleep.
You'll lose.
We gotta go.
I was in prison.
There's nothing to be frightened of.
A criminal.
Aren't you guys worried about getting caught?
You are a criminal.
You were asleep at the wheel.
So now I'm changing it.
Our play is about misery, disconnection, a future that we don't see hitting us like a train...but tonight, my players, we show them...that this not a future to fear! Off the cushion in the corner ; double into the centre pocket!
You're a thief.
Tell me! You're afraid because I love you.
You're bleeding.
Don't you realize, this is going to scar him Honey... sweetheart... don't be Cleopatra.
Mom watches nearby, worried and helpless.
Anita shakes hands with Mom, and exits.
Shot moves in on his slightly fearful face.
Slam.
Her partner hangs in the shadows, adjusting shoes.
Ohhh! Sorry, I - We. Are not.
The Enemy!
There is history in their shake.
I gotta go.
(worried) We've got to stop them.
Stop them?
Wake up!
She makes a scoffing noise.
Everybody is free and anonymous in the dark.
That's what I'm worried about.
See, you're dangerous.
Pants him.
The phone rings, and Sapphire instantly snaps it up, still asleep.
Pain.
Doris the bus stays behind in the parking lot, abandoned near a field.
The Enemy.
William is overwhelmed with many emotions, fear topping the list.
Fear is creeping in around the edges.
William looks up, increasingly nervous, stares straight ahead.
The plane suddenly drops and stabilizes.
A moment later, an ashen-faced CO-PILOT emerges, balancing himself with hands on the ceiling of the shuddering plane.
The weather worsens, as the hail suddenly pelts the plane, and it comes down hard.
Nervous laughter.
The plane shakes.
(gripped with fear) The plane wildly rises, and falls.
Russell tries to get up and attack him.
He yells.
Anyway, I ran into her at the beauty parlor, and she had the nerve to ask if she could help with the children's benefit.
Johnny, you scared the daylights out of me! You're home early.
"Miss" what?
Go! Away!
I know it's scary, but I really believe this has to be done.
You not knowing that is what scares me most.
That's horrible.
I be so worried about her on my day off.
They blew up his carport last night.
"Miss Lazy Fingers" scared I'd find a new job before she moved...
What'd we miss?
And I know you must be so worried.
But I'm worried about you.
We gone pray for the Evers.
We gone pray for Myrlie.
There's so much blood.
She had a lawyer.
And I'm scared!
Really?! I was worried I was a tad overdressed.
You hear me?
When did she die?
They so scared.
I can hear you.
Is there a problem?
Now, let's move on to our French exam.
One who doesn't glow in the dark.
The blast?
"Hell up here?"
I'm afraid you've got to.
What the hell?
You are one scary son-of-a-gun.
(beat, then) Of what?
This is swell!
(to herself) Swell?
Swell!
What are you bitching about now?
(defensive) What?!
Because we're bitches!
Coward!
Hi! Eve?! Scare me, why don't you?!!?
I was frightened and I didn't know what to think!
Um...I, uh... Adam!! Where?! Stop! Adam!! How long will you set it for this time?
It's not the radiation I'm worried about.
I'm just - - worried?
No. Are you always this much afraid of being alone?
What are you so scared of?
This is difficult for me.
Swell.
You look a little shaken up.
Yes, but I'm afraid - I'll find your table in a moment.
I'm afraid I don't understand.
You don't have to be so nervous, you know.
Nervous.
Well, I am a bit nervous.
Would this be easier for you in the dark?
That you're afraid - Wait a minute.of
Are you shocked?
I'm afraid the young lady isn't quite ready yet - Hello.
They forced me into it.
You waited for her in the parking lot and told her she was too drunk to drive home and that you would get her a room for the night.
Not in my house it isn't.
(yelling after her) You WHAT?
(suddenly grim) He'll kill me.
I will be deported!
Disgusting.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
You're saying there's blood on these hands?
Sound of it makes me nervous.
We scared him shitless.
THE PRESS.
The Members remain in place, paralyzed.
Pressing it.
I don't want to go where they've got snakes.
They've got snakes?
They got a snake that bites you... you got eleven seconds to live.
There's a beat.
Where are you gonna sleep?
Nora turns toward Tilley and suddenly snaps.
Tilley looks a little concerned.
BB hits the ball and sinks it.
He hits the ball, it goes toward the pocket, but bounces back slightly, missing the pocket.
Tilley's nervous.
Tilley quickly moves and sinks the eight ball.
Now, concerning you... Yeah?
Outside.
It's insane.
Beat.
I blew the eight ball.
I gotta go.
No, you can't die of insomnia.
In a catastrophic emergency, we're taking giant, panicked breaths... Suddenly, we become euphoic and docile.
A woman could cut off your penis while you're asleep and toss it out the window of a moving car.
This is crazy.
The fight.
What fight?
... stop...
You hear me now?
Watch!
You killed him!
I'm afraid I have to insist you leave.
They're lunatics.
You took me to the house.
I'm trying to tell you -- and this is where you have to trust me -- but, I think your life might be in real danger.
Hear that?
The police blew a hole in his head.
Defuse the bomb, please.
Defuse the bomb?
Fire at will.
...He's ill, the Plane is sick... ...Good...
One shot: one bomb, falling though the roof, building coulda been made of ...you want us to go to War... ...that's the general idea.
Who do you fear?
I repeat, it is serious, the doctors suspect it's a stomach flu, but have advised him not to fly.
M'I getting through to you? War in the Balkans, don't mean nothing, till some G.I. flyer, went down, Eating Snakes for Ten days.
They're Oppressed.
It's a bomb, and it's .... in Canada!
The Hostages...? The hostages, but that was a naturally-occuring...
She was Driven From Her Home, by Albanian Terrorists.
Albanian Terrorists on the Canadian Border.
...small price to pay, pal... ...scared.
To still the fears, to answer the of this troubled land.
You missed your is over.
The War is Over.
The War is Over.
The threat of Nuc1ear Terrorism has been quelled.
How do you keep those fears at bay? What do you say, when there's nothin' to say?
What is he, "dead?"
Wake up.
Is he dead?
Is he dead?
Is he dead?
ARE YOU DEAD?
Hell.
Shot Down.
Watch me.
The bullets were coming over our heads - from that fence back on the knoll - I was just so shaken.
He's been shot!
What the hell were they doing?
(shaken) Why? What's wrong?
That's why he was trained in Russian.
John Birch Society, Minutemen, slightly to the right of Attila the Hun.
Who the hell are they, then!
It's bizarre.
It's crazy.
(nervous moment) There were no phone records.
So who the hell are you?
I was scared.
Beats me.
I will not tolerate this infighting among the staff, I warn you that... (suddenly) Boss, then I'm afraid I can't continue working with Bill.
Something sure scared him.
(shaken) They killed him, honey.
(realizing, with terror) Oh no! No! I can't believe it.
That's our case!
Watch it again.
That test was sooo hard.
Rule 108-1.
I'm dying.
Going home to cram for midterms.
A beat.
Sorry, Balls.
Fred is a little freaked out.
DEACON crosses his legs and adjusts his shorts.
Cut.
Jake pulls off his pants and starts to look a little nervous.
He's starting to sweat.
Hang on.
This summer tent-pole event-movie is making me so scared.
This is the really scary part.
Then, Fire!
Fred is freaking out.
Are you insane?
Greitzer drops his glass of soda, raises his hands, and starts shaking, terrified.
You don't have to worry about Deacon.
She sees he's nervous.
He's nervous at first, not sure what to do.
He tries to shake Fred's voice out of his head, but he can't.
Stop.
Roger panics.
Scar Face is just a stupid movie, Fred.
Fred also sobs uncontrollably, creating a cacophony of boyhood terror.
Okay, so what's your cut?
Stop it!
Maybe that accounts for my personality, which is a little nervous, I think.
Stop it!
The country makes me nervous.
Oh, you got a headache!
Bad? Oswald and ghosts.
Max, the city is terribly worried.
What sins?
I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly, head-on into the oncoming car.
I didn't think it was that big, but it's a major spider.
I killed them both.
I miss you.
She was stealing.
Who's persecuting?
What if she steals more?
Listen, Doctor, I'm worried.
Then how can you criticize it?
(Laughing) No, no, I came out here to get some shock therapy, but there was an energy crisis, so I ... He's my-my food taster.
(He sighs) And I think what we got on our hands (Clearing his throat) is a dead shark.
Wait! I'm-I'm gonna ... go with you.
They shake hands.
He is dangerous.
It's going to be a nightmare.
On the war.
Cut that.
Change it.
And bestiality.
I'd forgotten about that.
What swanky reception are we going to? (panic in his eyes) What's the plan?
So I thought it might be nice to, you know, go out rather than sit in my room trying to spank one out watching a shark documentary, because I'm scared if I watch a porno it'll end up in the Register of Members Interests.
He hangs up.
Why's this my problem?
Bitch!
So, Paul, where are we up to? (off Paul's scary look) I was out getting coffee.
Have him killed.
Should I resign?
You're resigning?
Resigning.
Now go away.
So...you are now on probation.
You're fired.
I can't sign for it, I'm... ...she's going to blow.
What the hell are you so down about?
What is the...? Arrest him.
DON'T FLINCH WHILE I'M FRAUD: There's an old saying, two scariest things in the world, a black man with a knife and a Jew with a lawyer.
Both up with the chickens.
He's under arrest.
Can I watch?
I'm a lawyer.
The convict's hands move freely over the frightened woman's body.
This mornin' another hostage was taken... from a private home in Madisonville.
That's a threat... ...
And that's a threat.
(beat) Are those .38
shells?
I got more to worry about.
"Too bad".
It's a friendly ghost.
Haynes, six-one, 185 pounds, with brown hair is considered armed and dangerous.
His eyes are drawn to... which enters the house near the door.
Phillip, sack in hand, waves goodbye to the frightened old Woman, who shuts her door and locks it.
asleep, the way a child sleeps.
Phillip, now wide awake and scared.
Didn't mean to scare ya'.
Haynes is armed and extremely dangerous.
We FOLLOW the finger UP an arm TO Butch's concerned face.
He sits down on the edge of the tub across from Mack and takes the knife away from him.
I got a dog named... Phillip and a tree house and... Mack, nervous, enters the room followed by Butch.
(scared for the boy) No! Boy! Get over by yer' Mammaw!
Cleve shakes his head "no" between sobs.
Finally he allows the frightened child to go to Mack and Lottie.
Buzz.
(scared) I love you.
I'm touched, but I'm afraid ya'll gonna' have to back it up a step or two.
Phillip shakes it, afraid.
He collapses.
Come here, Phillip! (to herself) Come on, come on... (a warning) Chief, we've got an armed killer and an innocent boy out there.
Press?
Security's been our biggest worry.
(nervous laughter) What -- are you threatening me?
It scares the shit out of me.
Nothing to be nervous about.
Drowning.
(nervous as hell) No. Go ahead.
Such a gentlemen when you're scared shitless.
Just worry about yourself.
He's missing.
How can he be missing?
What the hell is he doing?
Do you hear me?
It's too dangerous for you and the others to be down here.
My procedures.
The panic.
You hear me?
The creature?
She was crushed.
What if it attacks?
What the hell?
Stop this.
It's not worth the risk.
You're just nervous.
(beat) Hello?
Can you hear me?
Deserts you?
And you can't control your fears, can you?
Watch.
This place can't handle another attack.
Another attack?
Another attack, and we go down with this place.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Your watch.
Snakes?
Am I afraid of them?
Do you fear them?
Are you manifesting them?
They're your fear, aren't they?
But -- And the snakes?
Beth! You're frightened, aren't you, Norman?
Stop what?
The pressure's going to kill you.
Stop it!
Your fear of drowning.
Before you kill yourself!
You hear that?
Hear what?
The power allows us to manifest our fears, right?
What if we feared the power to go away?
Now sit and relax, get some- thing in that flat tummy of yours -- SUSAN (cont'd) (to Allison) You coming?
Don't get dirty, Dad -- Well, it worries me.
No, it was so right it scares me.
I missed you.
Watch it!
Who the hell are you?
Death!
Shake hands.
Watch me do what?
(suddenly fragile) 'To bed'?
I'm feeling real uncomfortable right now because the guy who reports to me is threatening me.
Change.
You change!
Why are you still down here?
-- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.
And what about my enemies?
I'm afraid this is a wine bar, Mr. Quince.
Are you threatening me?
I don't want you to ever worry about me.
On top of an anxiety disorder.
It's insanity.
I'm sorry, I-- Did Doctor Timbers put you up to this?
I walk in the door and I see underwear and pieces of clothing and a guy's pants with his belt in it, and I walk up the stairs, and all... ...ll of a sudden I see the DVD player, and on the D-... ...-VD player is the CD and it's playing our wedding song, and then I look down and I see my wife's... ...panties on the ground and then- ...I look up and I see her naked in the shower... ...and I think, "Oh, that's kinda sweet, she's in the shower.
I missed you.
He died.
How'd he die?
You have a problem.
I have a problem?
You scare people.
He's dead.
People in the neighborhood are scared.
He's a cop.
Oh, my God, I'm gonna go home and write the letter right now.
You are afraid to be alive, you're afraid to live.
Stop it.
Go away.
She's unstable.
I got you an iPod.
What the hell are you doing?
And he's worried that the juju from the Eagles is being fucked up and he's concerned that it's because I'm spending time with you.
She was intrigued, excited, and a little scared.
She was scared?
Is it an emergency?
You're killing me.
You're killing me!
I'm a lawyer.
He is wearing a tuxedo and dark glasses.
is dragging Marshal back into the building.
Listen to the stress.
Can * you hear it?
Slow down.
Look, there's no need to panic.
Suddenly... Sherman!
He looks dangerous.
It was instinct.
What is this case doing here?
Who the hell are you?
His father, who still believed in principals and ethics, whose repeated lessons concerning duty, debt and responsibility had whistled through his son's head.
I had my own problems.
You devil.
Then we have a case.
He's breathing from a tube down his throat.
Watch.
Repent!' thru thru 206 206 * comes out of the building and stands waiting as the rain pours down on this bleak day.
You need to get out of here.
We're scared shitless.
Panic.
wearing dark glasses and a raincoat, hiding near a door- way that leads into an adjacent "family room."
Sherman takes both her hands and pulls them to his chest.
I was shocked.
So we going soon as it's dark.
You hear that?
Worrying about a person that works in law enforcement.
(beat) Yeah, she is.
And your gun.
And a ram on a metal door makes an awful lot of noise for what good it does.
Thing I'm worried about is you.
Outside of that.
Adele said you do that when you're nervous.
You scare me.
Slow down.
Slow down.
You gonna go get him?
You busted out?
Do you hear me?
A miracle! Suddenly he was dead.
You are too gullible to see your own danger.
I'm afraid I'm not at leisure this very moment.
It's too dangerous, Papa.
Stop it!
Half the house!
Half the house!
I'm afraid Mozart is a lost cause.
I'm scared!
I'm frightened, sir.
I'm frightened!
I worry about you all the time.
I try to help you all I can and you just drink and talk nonsense and - and frighten me!
I warned her.
Is that your penance?
You're hopeless.
(after a moment) * Are you scared?
Course I'm scared.
Mattie Fae watches from her spot sitting * on the corner of the bed, concerned.
The boat's missing.
(a warning) Mom...
I'm in pain.
Hi, again... Am I bugging you?
Y'hear yourself?
...Suicide.
Was this your concern?
By default.
What happens to you, when you feel afraid?
Adrenaline, and, and -- Your body goes through a whole chemical process when it experiences fear.
"August" 9/21/12 FINAL WHITE Draft 77.yep, and cortisol Don't you think an animal experiences fear?
I used to work in a cattle processing plant, lot of fear flying around that place.
So when you eat an animal, you're eating all that fear it felt when it was slaughtered to make food.
You mean I've been eating fear, what, three times a day for sixty years?
Hide-the-what?
I got a big bite of fear!
Double cheeseburger, bacon, extra fear.
Now I'm supposed to sit here and listen to you viciously attack each and every member of this family -- Attack my family?!
You ever been attacked in your sweet spoiled life?! Tell her `bout attacks, Mattie Fae, tell her what an attack looks like!
I'm sorry, everyone.
Poor thing.
What are you watching?
Can I watch it with you?
You hear me?
Go away.
NOW! GO AWAY!
You die.
I'm nervous.
You're monsters.
So stick that knife of judgment in me, go ahead, but make no mistake, his blood is just as much on your hands as it is on mine.
(nodding) He's got blood in his eye.
You gotta go.
You can still see the scars on the trunk.
You know how people whistle when they're nervous?
Where the hell is she?
You hear me?
They gotta go.
It spreads into his chest.
Aren't the kids asleep?
Makes me nervous.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but when I saw you sitting here, I just had to come over.
Well, it's frightening.
I'm gonna get sick.
She stops.
He'd worked boats as a kid.
Outside.
The flu.
Bad.
Accident?
The fire.
(worried) What?
(to Jack, Frank) I'm afraid you fellas'll just have to wait a minute.
Who's watching?
No. (continuing) Leave it dark.
I know but they-- That's scary!
It's going to give you nightmares.
I can handle a nightmare.
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop!
Are you nervous about money?
Stop it!
You're dead.
I'm dead!
We were very unlucky.
I'm going to deep throat this eclair.
I need my computer to do homework.
I'll kill him.
But it's only because I'm scared to death of your crazy-assed illogical overreactions.
Stop.
I'm sick of everybody fighting.
She threatened you? (to Pete) She cursed at him.
We need to get ready for the party.
I'd help honey, but I've got the blood pressure, and I don't want to.
I'm a Cancer.
Mom! Since when have you been a smoker?
I have lava.
Change.
Suddenly -- a long bell rings -- Jackie STANDS UP, startled.
Then suddenly they both start speaking AT ONCE.
The concern is behind his eyes.
Stunned.
So vulnerable.
(here it is) I'm afraid she's going to walk.
Quietly freaking.
But we can beat it.
Why would his worry?
I was afraid to love first.
Down it now, only to... ...stop.
And stops.
His own concern...
Stop.
Stalks her.
Rachel looks scared to death.
I have cancer.
She's devastated.
God, sorry I'm so late...
Annabelle sits with her homework stacked, untouched.
Staring out the dark window.
For a change.
But she flinches.
That slows him down.
Stops him.
Slow.
Rachel looks a little anxious...
Peddles off.
We have a problem.
Is that what you're worried about?
Carrying it alone, the rest of my life... Is scary.
You're scared think it.
Are you afraid for me?
You can miss me.
I miss them.
Scare the shit out of 'em? Yeah.
That's too bad.
(pause) I'm afraid Sydney's right.
(beat) What?
You have concerns.
Your father's on the phone with his dentist?
He told me to tell you he's on the phone with his dentist.
(pause) Are you nervous?
Ahhh...I had a terrible meeting today.
The Motown Three have gotta be scared blind.
You worried about your job?
Damnit, Dad! Hey!
Gotta go.
It seemed odd, suddenly, your not being there... Why should you think I wouldn't be?
How'd hear about it?
They keep you under drugs out there with armed guards...
Like opening out of town, but terrifying.
I don't let myself think about it, even- (she looks up, rises as she speaks) - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl- (suddenly afraid, she sits) - but suppose I had to go on one night?
Then you two must have a long talk- I'm afraid Mr. deWitt would find me boring before too long.
Being violently ill to her tummy.
(stops) Over?
The fight's over.
On the day of the audition, my biggest worry was to keep a banana looking part of an eggplant... then Lloyd came home.
The minutes will fly like hours... (he takes Eve's arm) ... and now we must join our sunburned eager beaver.
I think you're painting the picture a little darker than it is, really.
Not just a house I'm afraid to stay in... and a man to go with it.
Rushing off in the middle of the night like a country doctor?
For my play, my career - and now for a frightened, hysterical girl on the eve of her first night in the Theater!
And a phobia against truth!
That your concern for your play and career is one thing - and that poor frightened hysterical girl another - and that your concern for her has nothing to do with either your play or your career!
You still do.
They still are.
That I should want you at all suddenly strikes me as the height of improbability.
(beat) Why do this?
Our eyes are bigger than our stomachs.
Ulcers.
I've changed.
You dropped this.
You gotta walk before you crawl.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
I'm afraid I need something more secure.
Only they did it by accident.
We have a problem.
This is a problem.
He nods, half-cocksure/half-scared-pissless: he's up for it.
Hanging up, Benedict approaches her, puts his hands on her shoulders... What are you thinking about?
(a beat, then) Yeah.
A SECURITY OFFICER approaches.
What the hell was that?
His eyes fall on Reuben behind him, but Reuben just shrugs: "I didn't pull the plug."
Suddenly one of the monitors aligns itself, and Livingston presses play.
That threat over, he throws open the cash cart lid and takes the biggest breath of his life.
Benedict enters, and fear enters with him.
(on phone, venomously) I'm afraid you're mistaken.
He hangs up.
He's -- he died.
Slim stares deep into a monitor's dark pitch.
They take each other in, shake hands, and part.
They shakes hands.
That's the rules.
(chuckles) You scared that guy, though, manag gia-- that cracks me up.
I got 26 fucking hits under my belt and you're the one he's scared of.
He don't look so dangerous himself.
That's what I ' m worried about.
Lefty, NERVOUS, pulls down the sun visor.
Lefty, TERRIFIED, looks at Boobie again.
Lefty NERVOUS, lights a cigarette.
Lefty walks into the DARKNESS...A terrifying SILENCE...Then-- The LIGHTS come up.
I'm telling you, Donnie, I gotta worry 24 h ours a day .
Will you stop it with that?
Pale and shaken.
You injected that.
I need a boat.
Indictments?
The middle of the night.
An d loses.
It's getting too dangerous.
It's my watch.
A sudden chord of TERROR plays up Donnie's spine.
She still asleep?
Joe, you're scaring me.
as Donnie counts off the "warning signs" of drug addiction.
He's scared of spiders.
Instantly, he falls into a fighting crouch, knife at the ready.
Then we think Donnie's a rat and we get scared and fuggedaboudit.
She's got a... (suddenly interested) Does she have a pancreatic ulcer?
(anxious to go now) Yeah, I think so.
That's too bad.
But we have problems.
But you have problems?
He worries me.
(a little nervous) Well, what do you think?
I'd cut it...
Did you hear me?
Is he an enemy?
I've missed you.
I've... missed you too.
It's killing me.
No, I blew it, I blew it with Lester.
Stop it.
You worry about it for a while, I've been worrying all night, now you can worry.
You're dismissed.
You're appalled?
You're doing something wrong, Lieutenant this -- My methods of leadership are -- Don't interrupt me, I'm still your superior officer.
Dismissed.
Swell.
Dramamine keeps you from throwing up, you get sick when you fly.
I get sick when I fly because I'm afraid of crashing into a large mountain, I don't think Dramamine'll help.
Shoot.
So don't for one second think you're gonna come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
You see, Danny, I can deal with the bullets and the bombs and the blood.
I can deal with the heat and the stress and the fear.
As it is, he's got enough to worry about.
I have the defendants.
I'm afraid we can't do that, sir.
This is our defense.
(beat) That's it.
Is it possible to have a serious coronary condition, where the initial warning signals were so mild as to escape a physician during a routine medical exam?
And they killed him.
They were too afraid of Dawson, sir.
I'm being your lawyer.
Now damnit, let's put Jessep on the stand and end this thing!
I'm sorry I lost you your set of steak knives.
Grave danger?
I wore fatigues on the plane.
That's correct, but -- You said, "He was in danger".
I said, "Grave danger".
So Santiago shouldn't have been in any danger at all, should he have, Colonel?
Damnit Kaffee!! I'll ask for the forth time.
I'm gonna go home and talk to my daughter.
Buzz me up.
I'm still scared as a motherfucker, Ordell.
Stacin told me you aint got shit to worry about.
You're outside?
Suspicion of what?
Arrest me.
Once in the head and once in the chest.
It's Possession.
Hear what?
Fuckin' scare my woman, Sherona, half to death.
I was afraid if I asked to borrow it you'd say no.
They're crooks.
I made him feel he still can.
He drops in and out.
They watch it.
A sting.
Hell, yeah.
I shot her.
Where did you shoot her?
In the chest and stomach.
Where you shot her.
What'd you shoot her with?
I was frantic.
She was afraid.
She still is.
All the time I've known her, I never heard her sound scared like that.
He's dead.
Are you scared of me?
And there's an awkwardness they have nothing left to talk about... nothing left to say to each other... a hole in their relationship... Caroline fills it with the eternal question... Are you afraid?
Thomas, I'm afraid she's not going to survive... That's enough...! All of you!
(an echo) It's dangerous.
Mr. Oti suddenly runs into the street... Hurry... Benjamin tries as best he can to keep up...
When I'm not playing with monkeys - - they want me to run to bars in my cage with teeth to scare little children...
They scream...
But they scared shitless...
Where in God's name have you been?!! Like to scare the Holy Hell out of me!
I was so worried about you...you take my breath away...
I'm going away.
Going away?
It must be quite painful?
As she watches the rain on the window, Caroline takes it as her cue to keep reading... (reading) "...We were working in Murmansk, Russia..." Daisy stares at the window, the constant beating rain, the water running down the window... Murmansk is on the Barrent Sea, the only ice-free ocean port in the Soviet Union... We see "Chelsea" working with other tugs as snow falls in the crowded Russian Harbor.
She shakes her head no...
Which escapes him.
And every night... we would meet in the middle Of the night... Benjamin padding downstairs... slowing... happy to see Elizabeth, in her bathrobe, sitting in the empty lobby, waiting for him... Elizabeth and Benjamin quietly talking...
Married women don't usually sit with strange men in a hotel in the middle of the night.
He started to take his pants off... I'm afraid he misread me completely...
The wind and rain knocking at the window.
And as he stands holding the letter in his room at the small Russian hotel: And so, I went to war.
And as the tug arrives at the scene we see a TRANSPORT VESSEL, with a gaping hole in its midships sinking quickly... Fuel oil burning on the water... It's then we see the true horror of the men in the water... in the burning black oil...
They inadvertently touch... the electricity of friction... both aware of the closeness... they move ever so slightly apart... (nervously) Have you been to New York...? It's just across the bridge from me...
The hurricane.
He stops...
And we see just that, when suddenly he's struck by lightning.
I'm blind in the one eye...I can't hardly hear...I get twitches and shakes out of nowhere...
The room's dark, his father asleep.
She suddenly turns... What home?
He kisses her scarred crooked leg.
The boat out on the water, Daisy sitting on the deck, the wind in her hair... Benjamin at the wheel...threatening clouds on the horizon... I'm so glad we didn't find one another when I was 26... I'm glad we missed... Why do you say that?
And Daisy, suddenly afraid... I'm cold, Benjamin...
And as he holds her in the white room with the wind and the rain trying to get in, banging on the shutters...
He stops...
And Daisy says... I know you're afraid.
What's your worst fear?
I was worried you weren't coming back... (after a moment) You're all I have.
He crosses out of the dark room silently closing the door behind him...
They shake hands... There's an awkward quiet...
It's still.
And we see Benjamin, no more than six now, standing on the ROOF... Daisy standing on the ground down below him... (nervous) I wish you'd come down... (a little boy) I can see everything.
I'm afraid that doesn't mean much.
Blomkvist stares at her, feeling a little sick.
I'm an attorney.
Fades back into the shadows of his dark apartment.
I'm afraid I'm a bit out of shape.
I should've warned you.
They're crazy.
He fears the next thing he'll see is a pair of scissors in her hand, but it isn't.
She digs the tattooing gun's needle into his chest and begins dragging it back and forth.
He watches after it.
A siren.
Everyone is asleep.
A cow in the next stall with its throat slit, its blood splashed on her, hers on it.
Fire.
He glances off to Harald's dark house.
Then, in a moment, in the dark - Harriet's name isn't.
Indicates Harriet in the photo - This girl was killed that day, soon after seeing something across the street that frightened her.
How awful.
She does look terrified.
Bjurman, terrified, backs into a corner.
The doors open and she steps out, leaving him in there, looking too frightened to move.
It's that bad?
Are you afraid to be in the same room with him?
A lion.
Then - I can see you're anxious.
Leave the knife.
It squeaks.
It squeaks again.
Frode is ashen as he leafs through a binder Salander brought from Martin's chamber of horrors late last night: A scrapbook of murder.
I'm going to the police.
An approaching car.
He watches Anita Vanger get out of the car - the garage door come down - light go on inside the house - then dark figures hurrying along the side of the house: Trinity, Salander, and finally Plague.
The float with the harem girls comes past, and we watch the smile on young Harriet's face change to fear as she notices something off to the left.
The blanket covering Harriet on the backseat floorboard moves slightly, then is still.
She has a private sleeping berth, but isn't sleeping.
(through megaphone) And here comes the scare-baby, my kid brother, Harry Bailey.
It's poison!
I know you feel bad... and... Don't hurt my sore ear again.No... Don't hurt my ear again!
What did you stop it for?
I'm working across on a cattle boat.
A cattle boat?
I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet and I'm going to see the world.
Ouch! Gesundheit.
And then I got scared, George, and closed the doors.
(overcome) Well, I'll be... Mary, Mary, where did you... Oh, Mary... Remember the night we broke the windows in this old house?
Oh, confound it, man, are you afraid of success?
In the... in the whole vast configuration of things, I'd say you were nothing but a scurvy little spider.
I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet, and I'm going to see the world...
What is it, a sore throat or what?
Gosh, it's this old house.
(worried) George, what's wrong?
Stop it!
(worried) Why you drink so much, my friend?
(stunned) Who was that?
That's what I get for praying.
Suicide.
You had me worried.
Hey, little fellow you worry me.
Bert, what's happened to this house?
Stop.
Stop.
Oh, he's scared now!
He sees the threat we present!
What the hell was that for?
What the hell is that?
Says who? (suddenly snotty) Says me.
What the hell are you doing here?
I hit the lights and she freaks.
That's frightening.
When she calls me now, she's a different person-she's frightened and vulnerable.
That's got to be scary for anyone.
(in Russian) Home.
Whose house was it?
Home Alone!
As if we're suddenly gonna have a run on Gatorade.
I'm gonna go to her wake.
Stop it.
My aunt freaked out.
It was an accident!
What, it's worse?
You're a snake.
(rubs his head) Awww.
(covering her chest) This isn't fucking funny, Dante!
So what's stopping you?
Done poisoning the youth for the day?
We should hang out.
Wait! Veronica...I don't think... (to customer) What am I worried about?
You're caught, and now you're trying to snake out of doing what you wanted to do.
(shaking her head no) I swear.
It's terrible!
The hospital?
(sighing) No, naturally (gesturing) they're not gonna tell you, because, well, you know, th--, sometimes the weaker ones will panic if you tell 'em.
(flinging up his arms, sighing) Oh, God! (looking around worriedly and touching Gail's shoulder) Do you hear a buzzing?
Is there a buzzing?
The anxiety of the man in the booth.
I'm dying!
I'm dying!
No? (shaking his head, his hand to his chest) I can't stay on this show.
(moving her fingers through her wet hair) I have a little headache from this weather.
(standing up from the table) You know, you've been very nervous lately.
I'm suffocating!
(gesturing, trying to talk over the band) Holly, I'm frightened!
Should I be worried?
(shaking her head) Nobody but you can do that to me.
Stop it.
(shaking her head) No, he hasn't.
And suddenly, neighbors were, were, pounding on the door, and-and I don't know, the whole scene was just pandemonium.
Gonna have myself a ball.
I'm afraid of heights.
What are you hiding ?
You're watching.
Did you hear me ?
That's why I hired you, Phil, to do my worrying for me.
And it will remain there.
I was a maniac.
Where the hell are you ?
But he is my attorney.
If you're afraid of heights, why do you get seats up here ?
These are broken.
Cop a what ?
I was afraid to hug you up there.
Stop.
Stop it !
If you don't have dreams you have nightmares.
That's terrible.
His partner's name is Chest Rockwell. . . .
You're fired.
You need someplace to sleep and to wash.
I'm nervous.
Hang out.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Dismissed !
That's bully !
He used to scare grownups with it.
Oh, I'm afraid it won't wait until tomorrow, Judge.
I believe that always makes a man a little nervous.
And you, Aunt Martha, still the high collar to hide the scar where Grandfather's acid burned you.
Have, have you been in an accident ?
Do you remember when we took the little Schultz boy to the movies and I was so frightened ?
My, how I've changed !
This is not your home, and I'm afraid you can't stay here.
You're hurting me !
Do you hear me ?
Operator ?
You buried him ?
They're both dead.
In the cemetery ?
Police !
Little do I know it, but there is a dope fiend with a long knife crawling after me.
I'm in great danger.
He's scaring the neighbors, what with that bugle and all.
The police ?... Oh !
Too dangerous.
It ain't only his bugle blowing, and neighbors being afraid of him.
I'm all confused.
Mortimer, we're really very worried about something.
Can you hear me ?
Hideous.
She takes it and they shake.
No cliche romantic kneeling down on one knee.
And this is bad?
She hangs up.
Sound asleep.
Who am I interviewing?
Stunning.
Besides... women who stay with men who cheat are women who are afraid to be on their own.
Mommy, I want to go home.
Has he? Mary shakes her head: No -- concerned.
She hits him again, hard... a wounded sound escaping her throat.
They shake their heads; no.
Does it mean worrying about him and his needs before me and mine?
And where'd I wind up?
Miranda holds up a mask of a ghoul screaming in horror.
Gonna take a little more than that to scare me after what I have been through.
And then I saw it...the only thing scary enough to scare me after the experience I'd been through.
A wind kicks up, autumn leaves blow.
And she needs a little eye work.
Do you miss him?
So, why are you not -- I'm afraid something bad will happen.
Steve and Brady are in bed... asleep.
Charlotte shakes her head: NO.
Sorry, Harvard -- I'm afraid you're going to have to make this decision based on your emotions.
Speechless -- She shakes her head: No -- she scoops up the dog and hurries away.
She shakes her head: No.
Stops.
Big is sitting across the room at a table -- alone.
Charlotte starts to panic as the WAITRESS (20's) comes over.
Hi, can I -- No, I'm sorry -- I can't stay -- Help me -- pull out the table.
I was going to get these to you.
Miss you.
He dies.
They watch him lay off a pitch an inch outside the strike zone.
BILLY shakes his head "no".
Would you rather get one bullet in the head or five in the chest and bleed to death?
You're worrying about me.
Do I look like I'm worried?
Will you please stop worrying about your father?
Can I worry about the airplane now though?
I gotta be honest with you, Billy, I wish you had a little more worry and a little more fear.
David Dombrowski's on 3. Sometimes you have to shake it up.
Why you worrying about my job?
I'm worried about yours.
Well you should be worrying about yours because if this thing we're doing don't work... neither of us have jobs.
It's a sacrifice.
So you gotta lay off the first pitch.
When your first pitch is a strike, your batting average goes down about 70 points.
When it's a ball, it goes up about 30.
I'm trying to get you to lay off the first pitch.
He's 37, he's scared shitless of being the guy who blows this winning streak.
Social?
I'm sore, man.
Beat up.
Crack!
Yeah... Crack!
Suddenly it's the Natural with Hatteberg.
It's excruciating.
What the hell was that?
The Visalia Oaks and their 240 pound catcher, Jeremy Brown, who's scared of running to second.
Because right here -- -- is what he's always been afraid of.
Divorced me.
What's his line?
Afraid?
(shouting) And when he walks with a lady, he waits for her! (stops) Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm just covering the Earl Williams story for Mr. Sweeney who had a sudden attack of something but will be all right by tomorrow.
Well, the cops let him alone as much as they can because he's harmless and they're kinda sorry for him.
He gets scared and goes into hiding.
He's crazy.
Hear that?
And I will be the policeman.
You've fainted!
How can you worry about a man who's resting comfortably in a quiet police station while this is going on?
(worried) Gee! Take a look, will you?
Here we go! (into phone) "In the darkest hour of the city's history --" (into phone) Listen, did you impress it on Butch that I want him and his gang here right away?
(looking up suddenly) Where's Bruce?
(sees Burns and is overcome) Oh, h-hello, Mr. Burns.
Excuse me, I just want to -- (starting for the desk, suddenly blocking his path) Quite a coincidence, my running into you tonight.
What did you do with her? (almost afraid to speak) What happened?
You been in a fight?
I killed her.
What are you afraid of Hildy?
(into phone; suddenly) But that's the jail!
(in a panic) Get out of here!
You're insane!
Arrest him!
And your arrest.
Don't tell me you were worried!
Worried!
Wicked.
It's in my pants.
Stop it.
You stop it.
Yeah, that was brutal.
I'm nervous, too.
That's so crazy.
We can hide this.
I'd hide you.
What changed for you?
We can talk about our fears here.
How can you fight with him?
You're being irrational.
And I don't want you to worry.
Did you hear that?
I am hormonal, I am terrified, and I am falling apart, so stop treating everything like it's a big joke!
I get the runs from the stress.
And who am I to stop you?
Is he depressed?
You depressed?
It's dangerous.
I'll stop, oh, please, please, please!
I think you're going to scare the other pregnant women.
That was her problem.
I don't think you have to worry about that.
Why are you so stunned ?
Hi, Mr. House, so... sorry.
I want to go to sleep.
Well, it's dark.
Larry, I heard a noise.
It's... It's dense a little bit, but, uh... Well, I don't want it to be too transparent, I mean... That's... That's something you're never gonna have to worry about, you know ?
With pants, it's-it's... what ?
That's crazy.
I'm scared, this is creepy.
Why are we stopping ?
Why are we stopping ?
Stop.
Stop it.
I'm fainting because the-there's...
I keep hearing noises.
She hides.
You shake him down.
I worry about you these days, Paul.
SECURITY GUARDS attack and pull him to the ground.
We see the whole bui1ding...Sydney starts to jump and the film suddenly slows down...
CAMERA pulls back as DONNIE and his dentist, DR.
HOLD on Jim for a moment, he panics a little and swings his REVOLVER towards Marcie: What the hell is this Marcie?
BEAT.
vBehind him a huge banner for, "Seduce and Destroy," whose logo is a scared pussycat and a large wolf with a big buldge in his fur.
He's dying.
Claudia's asleep.
Claudia is asleep.
I have so many debts, so many things, I have, I have, I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery coming -- What surery?
BEAT.
you kill him?
Why did you kill him?
Watch it.
Jesus you scared us!
CAMERA moves inside his chest.
BEAT.
It's over, y'know -- Jim Kurring snoops a bit, she rubs her nose, nervous.
BEAT.
The CAMERA pushes past him and over to Earl, asleep in the bed.
Does this sound weird?
It was scary though.
Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and have you ever been hit by lighting?
An old stomping ground --is this the "attack" portion of the interview, I figured this was coming sooner or later -- Is "the girl" coming in for the kill?
BEAT.
He's doing the interview with the lady -- I need you to interupt him, I need to get him on the phone with me right away -- What happend?
BEAT.
BEAT.
RICK is standing now....he VIOLENTLY throws a chair against the wall and it SHATTERS into a hundred pieces -- It's FLOODING with RAIN....Jim Kurring is without gun and he's scared shitless....and he can't see...and he's running for cover in some bushes....CAMERA is HAND HELD and wild, following and falling with him....MUD and RAIN and SHIT everywhere...... His POV...across a bridge...he sees the slight FIGURE as it flees.... (could be the Black Male, but hard to tell in a quick glimpse) he then sees another SMALLER FIGURE scuttle away...
HE IS DEAD.
Take me outta here, Mary...I gotta go, I gotta go home to Rose, please, please.
Suddenly and quickly it's over.
He hasn't been able to swallow the morphine pills so we now, I just had to go to the liquid morphine...
They want to impress people, the other person...or they're scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like them -- So you've done it -- Well I don't go out very much.
What I just said...y'know, people afraid to say things....no guts to say the things that they...that are real or something... ...yeah... To not do that.
I'm really nervous that you're gonna hate me soon.
BEAT.
He's paniced.
Scared shitless.
The falling FROG comes STRAIGHT THROUGH THE SKYLIGHT, SMASHING ...falls straight down onto Jimmy's head....the GUN GOES OFF Jimmy falls to the ground....GLASS FALLS from the broken skylight.... ...more FROGS continue to fall through it and into the kitchen and around Jimmy..... ...the BULLET into TELEVISION has sparked something and the SOCKET it's plugged into CATCHES FIRE..... Camera moves in and sees some SPARK and FLASH and FIRE started.... Donnie starts to climb up a ladder attached to the side of the building....near the loading dock area.... Jim Kurring is in the middle of the Frog Rain...he puts his car into gear and drives down the street.... ....about twenty yards later and he's out of it.... ...he pulls into the parking lot behind Solomon and Solomon.....it's not raining frogs here..... Kurring's HEADLIGHTS catch a glimpse of Donnie starting to climb... ...Donnie gets scared and FREEZES.... ...Kurring is oblivious to Donnie for the moment.
CAMERA (STEADICAM) follows ROSE as she runs up the stairs to Claudia's place and frantically BANGS ON THE DOOR... Inside the apartment, Claudia JUMPS and SCREAMS at the sound.... Claudia jumps up and goes to her door in the darkness and opens it up -- Rose comes in quick, scared shitless...they fall down and hold onto each other, sweatin/crying/shaking.... Frank lifts his head and watches the FROGS FALL outside the house.
Dixon starts to get nervous and well with tears...he shakes a little.... It's ok -- We gotta get his money so we can get outta here -- we gotta -- That idea is over now.
Rick is asleep.
You hear?
You've been stealing from me.
A scumbag... chasing dentists for a few bucks.
Operator...
They were degenerate gamblers, coke freaks.
He's jealous and worried.
What are you worried about, Pat?
Dead.
Dead.
(Sobbing) I'm not and he scares the shit out of me.
(Strokes his chest.)
Police!
Yeah, what's to stop him?
Do you hear me?
I will go to the police!
I'm afraid to let her in the house.
Oh, you are... I'm afraid she's gonna destroy stuff.
You ought to be afraid, the way you fuckin' treat me!
(He hangs up.)
(To COPS.)
You're under arrest.