  He was worthless.
 He's a lawyer.
  We had our troubles.
  For me to live with the ruin of my husband's name, I need know that whoever did this will be punished.
 Why the gun? I'm not gonna need it.
  The goddamn thing's still under warranty.
 There is...  there is one thing that bothers me though.
 Are you hungry? Yes.
 Fuck-head.
 We're shutting down in fifteen minutes.
 Sick shit.
  Anybody tells you they never use pornography, they're lying.
 boxes.
 You're one hell of a detective, Mrs. Christian.
  Till then, fuck you.
 Fuck you! Celebrity Films.
  Six years ago...  What the fuck are you..
  You and your pals, you're fucked.
 I'm telling you...  Blow me, you paranoid fuck, that's impossible.
  I want you to hang the phone up, and if you call me about this again I'm going to send a friend of mine out there and have him crack you open with a fucking rib spreader.
 That is you, isn't it, Eddie? (from recorder.) ...  and your pals, you're fucked...
 Nothing more than a bother.
 He's a brutal motherfucker, man.
 Look, I don't know what this...  Shut up, cunt!  Do exactly as I say, or I'll put this arrow through your throat.
  Well, they didn't find you one, Longdale, they went out and made you one...  Shut up.
  Did he jerk off to it?  You watch it with him, sit there giving him a handjob while you both watched...  ? You're making me very angry.
 Fuck you.
 Leave him alone.
 Fuck off.
 What the fuck...  ! I promised him to Machine.
 Motherfuckers.
 What's going on, Longdale?  Did this happen? You sell us short, you fuck? Stay back!  You have a gun, Eddie, show it to me.
  Now! Put it on the ground, kick it here...  You fucking lawyer...
 Our business is done, I'm leaving, no one's going to stop me...  Fuck you! Fuck.
 Back off, Eddie...  Stop Eddie! (pulls back the hammer.) I swear to Christ I'll shoot you in the back...
  Pack your bags, put the wife and kid in the car and find a place to hide.
 I'm gonna kill you.
 Don't bore me with that bullshit.
 What the fuck am I gonna protect that freak for?  He was Dino's boy, not mine.
 Yeah, the fucking lawyer.
 How much did he pay you? Thirty thousand each, that fucking cocksucker.
 What did you do, knock her out, shoot her up...  ? What the fuck do you want from me? I want to know.
  When it was dark enough, I rang Dino and told him it was go time, I put her in the trunk of my car and we went and we fucking did it.
  She's been dead a long fucking time.
 That's right, motherfucker, cut me loose.
  This place was a shit-hole.
  Fucking do it! You pussy.
 Fucking pussy! (from phone.) Hello...  ? (into phone.) Mrs. Mathews?  It's Thomas.
 She's dead.
The Postman swats at him with his hat.
Hangs on.
top.location.href=location.href
Wheels of Fire...  Great White Wonder... Get Yer Ya Ya's Out...  Pet Sounds... Abraxas Stand Up...  We're Only In It For The Money...  Led Zeppelin...  Bitches Brew... Tommy...  Tommy Adventures in Creem by Lester Bangs.
grope.
unmerciful...  there's no slipper To Kill listen.
fucking asshole!
You're shit it's all about.
one little hit Rolling Stone Fucking Magazine, Four of us.
Rapping.
They were there on the other side every day - that did not make it any less annoying.
The carcass of a wart-hog lies near them.
As the Others watch the figures silently approaching in the morning mist, they become aware of the terrible strangness of this encounter, and their rage gradually subsides down to an uneasy silence.
Though he is a veteran of numerous combats at the water's edge, One-Ear has never been attacked by an enemy who had not first displayed his fighting rage; and he had never before been attacked with a weapon.
B1a						 replaced the problem of starvation THOUSAND MEGATON			   but this was ominously offset by the NUCLEAR BOMB IN ORBIT		   absolute and utter perfection of the ABOVE THE EARTH,			   weapon.
The officers pull out their tasers and back the three boys up against the wall.
It hits the wall, and explodes into pieces.
Katie continues to record with her iPhone- her face red with rage.
Caruso pushes Katie's hand back and the doors shut.
Brandon continues to scream from his car.
It begins to hit the floor.
He pulls off his mask, frustrated, and walks out.
Jenny sighs, puts them inside the house, shuts the door.
She cuts a couple of slices which immediately collapse.
When she has thrown the last one, she flies at David - she slaps him, punches him, scratches him.
There's a knock on the door.
Beat.
Beat.
It's a proper Bohemian flat, up in the eaves.
Chris gets the ball and throws it.
A whole fight breaks out, Ray gets knocked out.
Chris grabs him by the neck but they beat him down again.
The Postman swats at him with his hat.
Hangs on.
top.location.href=location.href
Wheels of Fire...  Great White Wonder... Get Yer Ya Ya's Out...  Pet Sounds... Abraxas Stand Up...  We're Only In It For The Money...  Led Zeppelin...  Bitches Brew... Tommy...  Tommy Adventures in Creem by Lester Bangs.
grope.
unmerciful...  there's no slipper To Kill listen.
fucking asshole!
You're shit it's all about.
one little hit Rolling Stone Fucking Magazine, Four of us.
Rapping.
They were there on the other side every day - that did not make it any less annoying.
The carcass of a wart-hog lies near them.
As the Others watch the figures silently approaching in the morning mist, they become aware of the terrible strangness of this encounter, and their rage gradually subsides down to an uneasy silence.
Though he is a veteran of numerous combats at the water's edge, One-Ear has never been attacked by an enemy who had not first displayed his fighting rage; and he had never before been attacked with a weapon.
B1a						 replaced the problem of starvation THOUSAND MEGATON			   but this was ominously offset by the NUCLEAR BOMB IN ORBIT		   absolute and utter perfection of the ABOVE THE EARTH,			   weapon.
12/9/65										  d1 12/9/65										  d2 12/9/65										  d3 12/9/65										  d4 12/9/65										  d5 12/9/65										  d6 12/9/65										  d7 12/9/65										  d8.
The officers pull out their tasers and back the three boys up against the wall.
It hits the wall, and explodes into pieces.
Katie continues to record with her iPhone- her face red with rage.
Caruso pushes Katie's hand back and the doors shut.
Brandon continues to scream from his car.
It begins to hit the floor.
He pulls off his mask, frustrated, and walks out.
Jenny sighs, puts them inside the house, shuts the door.
She cuts a couple of slices which immediately collapse.
When she has thrown the last one, she flies at David - she slaps him, punches him, scratches him.
There's a knock on the door.
It's a proper Bohemian flat, up in the eaves.
Chris gets the ball and throws it.
A whole fight breaks out, Ray gets knocked out.
Chris grabs him by the neck but they beat him down again.
A loud explosion happens, it's Chris' police truck outside.
Ray stabs the gunman with a potato peeler and knocks him out with a frying pan.
Watkins enters the station and fires repeatedly at the floor.
Ray wins and punches the man repeatedly.
To expand the entry.
Ahhh, what the hell is that?! Here.
Argh!
Resistance is useless!
Damn.
Throw them off the ship.
Resistance is useless!
This people personality thing is gonna drive me nuts!
My editor will think I'm crazy, but what the hell -- he already thinks I'm dead.
Can you please change that zarking annoying voice!!? Computer?
And incidently -- you are stupid.
The gun?
This is a bust, too!
Hey, man, you must be really frustrated.
The children of the "thieves, misers, bullies and incompetents" play on a beach.
As Gunner expertly builds a fire in the fireplace for him, Blomkvist works at unpacking the boxes - documents, fat police reports, notebooks, folders, photo albums.
A CAR comes to a stop by the sentry post, the, guard looks, asks a couple of questions and is given an his head in the car.
A gun barrel is promptly stuck in his face and a couple of angry words emanate from the back, the guard jumps back and quickly raises the barrier.
Pointing to the guns.
Sol cocks the gun and Tony pulls a sarcastic 'I am shocked' face.
Vinny cocks his gun.
They go out of one room into another, and Errol shuts the door behind them.
The door .shuts
We cut back to Brick Top and Hands BTT returns to them - there is a scream from Ken Brick top frowns at Ken, and Ken shuts up quickly.
We crash track in to Brick Top's expression of shock.
and sees Micky 2 being smashed to hell, his body eventually collapses and Micky 2 falls through the floor.
Brick Top's boys are frustrated in the mayhem.
This room is a complete mess.
Snaps it shut.
It's annoying.
John hates their politics.
Getting killed.
I hate the way I look.
Jesus Christ I'm dealing with a madman - okay - Paul and I had a few nights alone.
Brady slaps him.
Scooby is filling out his SAT in such a way that he creates a pattern of filled blanks that spells: FUCK THIS SHIT.
He lies down.
There is a knock at the door.
He is visibly upset.
On the next play Brady runs to catch a pass, but is moved down by Esposito shouting, 'KILL HIM!!!' Cheryl jumps up, alarmed.
He is devastated.
Luther is staring straight into the goddamn bedroom.
Each kick only inflames his drunken rage.
He lies on his back, holding his crotch.
In reply, Collin dashes back toward the bed table, grabs Russell's purse, snaps it shut, tucks it under one arm and leaves.
-- He points the clicker at the door -- -- the door starts to swing open -- -- Luther, backpack in hand, strides quickly into the bedroom, turns, points the clicker again and as the door starts to swing shut -- Luther carefully tosses the clicker back inside.
Bud gets sledgehammer from car and destroys phone while Otto watches.
Two kids grab Peason's clothes and throw them out the door.
Otto returns to the Helping Hand Yard and sees an argument going on in the office Inside the Helping hand office Otto enters and Marlene uses the distraction to kick the shit out of the agents.
Agent Rogersz and Leila watch Otto on monitor Otto his hit with electric shock and screams.
Another electric shock and screams.
Marlene and the brothers drive off as Otto breaks into and steals a car.
The screen door slams.
But unlike the expansive view outside Elizabeth's ICU window, here the window looks out partially at a CINDER-BLOCK WALL.
Matt and Sid are left alone.
He watches Wayne below, as Wayne saunters out to the field to take a piss.
With his back to us, Wayne whips it out and starts pissing about 25 yards from the grain elevator.
His eyes narrow a bit, then - And with that he accelerates to a run, throws his pack into the moving freight car before him, simultaneously leaping up to grab the rail and throw himself into the car.
Am I wrong about that?
The CAMERA PANS the 300 Brokers, who work the phones like mad.
Brad looks pissed, and Donnie starts laughing.
From a distance, Donnie peers around a corner to watch him get arrested, knowing he fucked this up.
Donnie reacts as Rugrat expounds.
* The Wolf of Wall Street   Buff Revised Pages   3/5/13 TIME CUT: Jordan is fucking Naomi.
* Jordan sees the door closing - he thinks "fuck it" -           * slams into reverse, crashing through the garage door.
* He signs the fucking thing.
The chaplain gives a sharp cough of warning.
He draws himself up with angry pride, wrinkling his nose.
This stops her in her tracks.
He struggles to hold his anger and frustration in check.
She is startled awake by a loud BANGING at the front door.
Jacey punches his fist through a glass pane of the sheer- curtained sidelight beside the front door.
He slaps the back of a chair and knocks it over.
The Co-ed is bothered but none-the-less bewitched.
He's startled by a KNOCK on the door.
Doug snaps his book shut.
Lloyd fumes over and slams the door shut in her face.
For fuck's sake, Ozzie!
Shit yeah.
A beat.
A beat.
Nor the                * negativity!
The closet door is thrown open.
She returns in a manner as hard as his: Her fingers form quotes: Harry glares at her, vibrating with rage.
I hate your negativity!
I hate you!
I hate you!
Connie looks at Del and mouths "Bitch."
He grabs a three-hole punch from the desktop and flings it at Osbourne and charges.
Tyler is perched on the Mad Hatter, his face turned towards the sun while Caroline hides with the dormouse.
She walks away, looking back at her friend, annoyed.
Aidan gets punched in the face.
Rage flickers across Craig's face.
Craig, big angry Irish cop, turns to Tyler.
He slaps the cuffs on.
He throws down the keys, then yells towards the roof...
There is a knock on the door.
The driver is ready to shut the doors.
He swings -- the ball explodes off his club.
Throws the Cook his apron.
we know what's happening as we hear the chainsaw and we watch Tony's shock and rage.
The kids shove Tony forward and we glimpse Angel lying hunkered at his feet in the bathtub, in the steam of his blood, piss dead.
The Lizard, wounded on her knees, is firing her .32
As Tony comes out, walking after him deliberately, eyes set in cold fury, machine gun swinging loosely at his side.
The camera swinging to hold on the blue and black Monte Carlo disappearing into the traffic of the Strip as twb cop cars come screaming past them from the opposite direction.
Down at the vid games are younger chicks in jeans and tough-looking tank tops with "Motherfuckah" and "Fuck Me" written on them.
He   makes   a    point     of    looking      at   her. Tony, pissed, bangs once more into the elderly couple.
Omar glances at him, annoyed.
A BLOODY, MUTILATED FOX LAYS INSIDE A RUSTED BEAR TRAP.
He LAYS THE SICKLE ON THE FLOOR.
Deacon looks up at her, when...  SMACK!
He slides the sickle between her ass and underwear and...  CUTS HER PANTIES OFF IN ONE QUICK Sheryl, still stunned from the punch, only now starts to realize what is happening to her.
He grabs the back of her head, SLAMS it against the table, pinning it in place.
He SCREAMS, falling off of her.
She breaks down.
Ida SLAPS Mike.
They exit the room, BOLT MIKE'S POV - THE POCKET KNIFE still on the floor.
Brody stares at the FETUS JARS, "WHAT THE FUCK?"
He unlocks, then pushes open the door to Torture Room #1.
Sheryl lies on the table, out cold.
Clyde SCREAMS.
EVELYN...  stops.
He gets to his feet, grabs his weapon.
Annoyed now.
Pushing the HOODY to the floor.
PAZ parked up -- gets the call -- pulls out into the traffic.
With a sharp metallic snap the wheel in Bourne's car is suddenly free, he jams the car into drive pulls out into lane and stops.
SISTER MARGUERITE is locking up for the night, shutting doors, turning off lights, finally walks off down the corridor.
The Judge throws the file down on his desk towards her.
He hates fat people.
I want you to pretend that I'm your mother.
I said leave her alone.
interrupts.
He glares at them, angry at the world.
People slap him on the back admiringly.
Cameron storms out in a rage.
He grabs Eli by the shirt front, cocking his fist.
... That's ridiculous.
You're damn right...
From behind her back, she takes an APPLE with a tiny cocktail parasol stuck in it and holds it out to Cameron.
Cameron lies glaring at her with mounting rage.
Cameron rages out of the bathroom, flings himself onto the bed.
147A   In the HALLWAY, a little group of PASSING TOURISTS turn in Cameron, realizing for the first time that instead of being ashamed or frightened, she is livid with rage?
His rage vanishes as he points at her, breaking into a fiendish, uncontrollable cackle.
Has his identity been exposed?
He jams the car in gear and slams the accelerator to the floor.
In its wake -- chaos.
She shuts the door behind them.
Elle sits down, pissed.
She looks at him like he's a complete idiot, as the judge takes his seat.
CHUCK, scrawny and angry, stands up in the audience.
He beckons her inside, and she goes, shutting the door behind her.
Sarah steps back, letting the doors shut.
Emmett looks pissed as he processes this.
Emmett watches her go, hating it.
She finds a few sips here and there at the bottom of a couple BEER BOTTLES -- but she seems frustrated that there isn't more alcohol in the house.
Beat.
Kate gets out of the car, slams the door shut, then leans in to say -- Kate lies in bed and appears slightly bored as -- -- Charlie is under the covers, going down on Kate.
* Beat.
Mr. Davies takes Kate's box of things from her. Kate throws her arms around Mr. Davies and begins to -- -- full-on SOB.
Kate immediately downs it.
Steam hangs in the air.
Turning toward him, her face contorted with rage.
What And we HEAR another SCREAM, more of an angry shriek, and then the strange sight and As the stones pelt the White bungalow years ago.
The words stop.
He grabs the reins and starts again toward the buildings, trips in a ditch, almost falls flat.
There is a knock on the door.
Irritated, she heads back to the bathroom.
Mick slams his fist against the door.
He stops as he sees ELIZABETH'S BODY lying beside her car.
The harder he searches the more he becomes frustrated, until he slams the drawer and leans on the counter, feeling destroyed and needy.
It is Brad, throwing the Malibu sign, surrounded by women in thongs with gigantic asses.
MUSIC:   An UPTEMPO RAP TRACK KICKS IN as we...  Brad sees Shondra and freezes.
Brad does, and PJ duct-tapes his hands behind his back.
Sean and PJ are furious.
A crew member yanks out some duct tape and tapes over Brad's mouth, then they throw him in Tec's trunk and slam it shut.
RAP BLASTS IN as Bill punches the gas, as we: He puts an old musty case in the car and starts to close the doors.
Hadji stops him.
Tec cocks his gun.
They pound.
Everyone looks at the MUSKET, then suddenly it EXPLODES and a rusty musket ball FIRES OUT, slamming Monster in the middle of her Kevlar breastplate.
She flies back and slams into the wall, causing her spear gun to fire -- a SPEAR SHOOTS OUT and lands directly into Brad's left ass cheek.
They wear dark suits and do rags.
Marian is sitting in the back of the cab as Mischa opens the driver's side door and slams it shut, rattling Marian's nerves.
Mischa, annoyed, slams the shift lever into Drive and lurches off.
She's distracted by ...  A WOMAN in her thirties, who looks like she hasn't slept in a week, bent over the railing of a second-story fire escape balcony, in the throes of a veritable rage.
A Kenneth Anger Scorpio Rising-like MONTAGE: A black-booted foot kick-starts a Harley.
One of them squirts lighter fluid on the fire burning in the steel drum and the flames explode.
He looks at her a little annoyed.
The Disciples dismounting from their bikes below, shutting down their engines and removing their helmets.
The Disciple, remembering the new rule, nods assent with a slightly annoyed expression.
Paula pricks up her ears for a minute.
She deflates.
She throws her head back as he kisses her neck.
Nina stays still, frustrated.
Beth grabs the emory board and stabs herself in the face.
She continues stabbing herself.
She gets to the door...
Nina's fury rises up from inside.
Punch after punch.
Nina swiftly shuts the door.
Their lungs on fire as they grab for air.
Shifty's punching his bedroom door yelling out.
Shifty's mum shuts the door as Mr. Ahmed leaves.
Five heavy looking bastards walk out of a house and towards a serious looking black range rover.
One of them opens the boot and they throw in baseball bats, a crowbar, masking tape.
Chris throws Shifty a light punch.
She watches them for a moment then shuts the door.
They both walk into the flat.
There's a knock at the door.
Chris smashes his fist into the back of Glens head, Glen goes down on his knees.
Shifty gestures for him to be quiet, and points upstairs to his bother.
He throws it into the river.
Loretta puts on her jacket and walks out of the flat.
16                                                                     16 17                                                                     17 20                                                                    20 CHEV locks the door, SLAMS ORLANDO against the far wall and starts circling around him with the gun beaded on ORLANDO'S forehead.
CHEV cocks the gun.
A BIKER yells from outside.
The DOOR BUSTS OPEN and a half dozen gun wielding BROTHERS crowd into the tiny room. in like sardines, everyone pointing guns at every one else's head, shoving each other back and forth, everyone screaming.
The BROTHERS mutter amongst themselves - damn right you better put that shit away, crazy bitch ass mother ...  CHEV begins to fade again.
CHEV gets to his feet, pulls out his gun, puts it to the back of ALEX'S head.
T 54                                                                   54 55                                                                   55 56                                                                   56 57                                                                        57 58                                                                        58 The COPS bang open the stairwell door, guns drawn.
Bodies fly, shit spills everywhere.
CHEV is retrieving a HIDDEN GUN from the kitchen, checking the CLIP, the BARREL, the ACTION, and slipping out a side door into a RED CORRIDOR past two CHINESE MEN in black suits.
CHEV walks up behind him, gun drawn to the back of KIM'S head...  cocks the hammer back.
He thrusts again.
She steps over the body like she was avoiding a particularly large pile of cow shit...  CHEV grabs her hand and yanks her along.
He SLAMS THE BRAKES to put the car into a SLIDE, exposing his driver side to the pursuing sedan - punches his gun hand out the window and BLASTS AWAY.
Steam pours from the radiator.
CHEV gets out and walks DIRECTLY UP TO THE SEDAN, one hand holding his gun straight out in front of him, the other PULLING UP HIS JOGGING PANTS, which are bunched up around his knees.
CARLITO shuts him up with a look.
In a flash, CHEV WHIPS OUT A GUN - everyone FLINCHES...  but no, wait: he's just holding out his fist, pointing the STICK- EM-UP FINGER right between CARLITO'S eyes.
CHEV whips the finger toward VERONA, shutting him down mid- word.
One of CARLITO'S GOONS points an UZI at DON KIM...  and is FILLED FULL OF LEAD in the blink of an eye by a pair of ASIANS on his blind side... who are CUT TO RIBBONS by another of CARLITO'S MEN...  and ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE.
Behind the bar, CARLITO quickly punches up his cell phone.
And SMACK!
He wears an enormous feather on his hat.
Watches the nobleman with the big feathered hat pass by.
Shakespeare turns to see a furious Philip HENSLOWE (50'S.)
Shakespeare hides the goblet behind his back.
He is interrupted by SCREAMS.
Robert Cecil looks annoyed, but holds his tongue as the SOUND of pikes HITTING the floor silences the hall.
Jonson gets up and walks towards the door.
Elizabeth goes into a rage.
Vitti's bodyguard, JELLY, grabs him and throws him behind the counter, shielding him with his body.
Vitti stops.
Completely frustrated now, he gets out of bed, leaving her alone and confused.
Vitti is on the phone, struggling to contain his rage.
Laura storms out of the room in a fury.
Vitti continues to sob, oblivious to the GUN BATTLE raging around him.
Ben screams.
They're laughing their asses off at the commercial.
All the Asian students get up... Hippie Asshole sizes Kumar up and then gives Kumar him a measly dime bag...
The Hippie Asshole grabs the baggy back from Kumar.
Kumar and the Hippie Asshole stare each other down.
After a couple seconds, Kumar shakes his head, pissed off.
They see KUMAR and the Hippie Asshole making their deal.
KUMAR and HIPPIE ASSHOLE turn and see THE TWINS.
They're both floored by their hotness.
CLARISSA runs into STALL NUMBER ONE and shuts the door.
The sound of the door shutting causes HAROLD and KUMAR to look over at that stall.
CHRISTY enters STALL NUMBER THREE and shuts the door.
Kumar gives Harold an annoyed look as his dad approaches.
Harold gives Kumar a look-- "What the fuck are you doing?"
KUMAR looks back over at FREAK SHOW and sees that ONE OF THE BOILS IS PULSATING.
AT THAT MOMENT, FREAK SHOW ENTERS THE ROOM, holding a particularly threatening TIRE-IRON...  FREAK SHOW sees HAROLD with LIANE... Cole and the Punks ignore him.
Harold has no idea what the hell is going on.
Harold watches nervously as COLE PUTS ON A HELMET AND GETS INTO THE KAYAK...  HAROLD is still focused on COLE and the EXTREME PUNKS... HAROLD, KUMAR, and the INDIAN CASHIER immediately turn and look at COLE, WHO IS IN THE KAYAK-- WHICH IS BEING HELD UP BY In slow motion, we see COLE swing his paddle around in mid- air, KNOCKING OVER EVERYTHING ON THE SHELVES-- BAGS OF CHIPS, The EXTREME SPORTS PUNKS cheer COLE on, while HAROLD, KUMAR, and the INDIAN CASHIER watch in disbelief.
Meanwhile, all the Extreme Sports Punks begin going crazy throughout the store, knocking food off the shelves, bothering other customers.
Pissed, Cole stops in his tracks and drops the Cashier on the floor.
It's clear to Harold that they may get their asses kicked.
gets out of the car and walks over to them...  OFFICER PALUMBO begins writing a ticket.
Kumar walks over, flabbergasted...  Harold motions Kumar to "shut the fuck up!" Harold points to his ID.
Officer Palumbo gives Hippie Asshole a threatening look.
SLOWLY, the CHEETAH begins walking directly over to HAROLD...  Suddenly, the CHEETAH OPENS HIS MOUTH WIDE AND CHOMPS DOWN ON HAROLD continues screaming for the next TEN SECONDS.
He throws it in the trash.
Luis shuts the door.
Sucker.
Fuck off.
Fuck...
What the fuck?
Yo, slut we're going to Les Deux, wanna go?
Yo, sluts.
Homie...  Yo, bitches.
Oh my fucking god.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
You're tripping out.
Oh my fucking god.
O.G. Motherfucker!
Let me see! Oh shit!
C'mon let's get the fuck out of here.
That's fucked up.
That sucks... What are you guys doing later?
Shut the fuck up.
Oh shit.
Can you fit through there?
There's no one outside, calm the fuck down.
Oh, shit.
C'mon, let's get the fuck out of here.
Calm the fuck down, they can't tell who it is.
Oh, shit.
Oh shit.
THUD!
Others point angry fingers at Miguel, who greets the batter back to the plate with a friendly, but authoritative, grin.
A beat.
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.
Their heads immediately jerk over to the TV, stunned.
After a few beats of this...
Harry and Adele moving toward the parking structure: As Harry and Adele approach the passenger door of the van: A bus stop poster advertising a current knife-kill movie         * entitled Blood and Kisses.
* Duke lies on the floor, watching Harry.
Uttering some impatient complaint, she swipes at him with a napkin and the two move OUT OF VIEW THROUGH the kitchen door.
Harry's hand MOVES INTO FRAME and deftly removes his hat.
Irving stands up angry and gets in Richie's face.
Yeah but you can't just stay in the house with the fucking sun lamp.
I put the fire out Irving!
80   -- FLOOR OF STATE ASSEMBLY -- Carmine huddles with other       80 Richie as he stares at Stoddard in frustration.
How the hell am I ruining America?
I mean, let him have a night out with a human being for fuck's sake, he's going to jail soon.
Are you fuckin' nuts?
You realize how fuckin' dangerous that is?
He handles her, nuzzles her neck, starts to turn her on.
A beat.
They steal glances at each other.
It's uncomfortable and forced as hell.
Parker begins to sob.
Lynch stops her.
He throws himself off of the chair and towards the ladder!
Smiley and Control pass down another flight and along the third floor - INTELLIGENCE OFFICERS - heads poking out of offices, amongst them JERRY WESTERBY.
Tracking with the BRIEFCASE as it is carried towards the house...
The rest of the room is mounded with PILES AND PILES OF PAPERS - files, document boxes, maps and charts, something insane in the sprawl of it all.
The "Scalphunters" floor.
The BOY behind slaps the back of his neck with a ruler.
Then...  ... somehow, Prideaux is THERE and grabs the burning bird from the air and in a second has it folded in on itself, NECK SNAPPED, and strides out of the room with it.
Irina opens the door and walks into the drawing room, where the Minders stare fixedly at the floor, trying not to laugh.
With difficulty, Rachel pulls out a GUN fitted with a silencer...  and pulls herself towards the door.
She tries to close a drawer but it sticks, She keeps trying, then in a sudden rush of fury yanks the drawer free and hurls it across the room.
David, holding a kitchen knife, MOVES TO STAB Stephan.
The knife clatters to the floor as he twists David's arm behind his back.
She walks towards the GYNAECOLOGICAL CHAIR at the centre of the room.
Cauchon gives orders for the accused to be brought in. the first time.
But Joan continues inflexibly: The soldiers are furious.
One of them makes a movement towards the accused.
Half the judges shout to one another.
Provoked to the limit, he rises and shouts: The whole room turns to him in amazement.
Immediately behind the cell wall there is a secret room, where a man can remain hidden, spying on the prisoner through a judas, or chink in the wall.
She remains lying on the floor.
Ignoring Joan's remarks, Cauchon rages: Joan writhes under these denunciations, she implores him to show mercy, but he scourges her pitilessly: Joan weeps and sobs.
Not one face expresses any feeling of friendliness towards the accused.
But Cauchon strikes the table in anger.
She refuses and says: Cauchon gives orders for the torture to begin.
PULL BACK to reveal                         ALL entire square as Jack and      IF I HATE THE HEADLINE the gang leave the wagon,      I'LL MAKE UP A HEADLINE cross the square and head      AND I'LL SAY ANYTHING I HAFTA for the gates of The World     'CAUSE AT TWO FOR A PENNY Building, keeping their        IF I TAKE TOO MANY eyes on the huge blackboards   WEASEL JUST MAKES ME EAT 'EM over the street.
Puzzled, Jack shoves through the angry Newsies to -- Jack sees Weasel behind his window, grinning.
He leads the angry Newsies out of the courtyard into -- The angry boys crowd around Jack.
The doors slam shut; Denton scribbles, intrigued.
Kloppman dislikes Snyder on sight.
David shouts over the song -- Jack can't hear over the song but Snyder does -- Furious, Snyder blows the police whistle for all he's worth.
Snyder slips in from a side door.
David, confused, angry, runs alongside Jack, shouting across the smirking Weasel as they march along -- David lunges for him and Weasel grabs him, hissing.
David, furious, runs down the sidewalk towards them.
Punches fly and the Delanceys beat a quick        retreat down the sidewalk, yelling back -- But they're the ones running.
He hangs up.
The door is shut, locked.
She puts her hand flat against the door, then turns and heads back to her seat.
Colonel Garret shoves Marco back into a chair, stays in the middle of the fracas, while -- The Federal Agents retreat with their bloodied-nose, cold- cocked colleague, door slamming behind them.
Marco with Howard, who's visibly upset.
A beat.
Beat.
Freaking out.
A GOVERNMENT website: Thumbnail photos of "25 SCIENTISTS ACCUSED OF HUMAN SCROLLING DOWN ...  UNTIL a photo of Atticus Noyle is center- screen.
Raymond locks the door, turns, takes in the room: tiny chairs and tables, walls covered with kids' drawings, and nearly every object in the room named and labelled with 3x5 cards.
KNOCKING on the door.
But takes the receiver -- on the phone in her lavish room: Marco reacting quizzically -- sound of the distant windstorm building -- EXTREME CLOSE UP - MARCO - HIS EAR -- at the phone: MARCO'S EYES flicker to Raymond's eyes -- -- Marco's senses are quickening -- the light literally changing around him -- that terrible LUMINOSITY -- as -- SOUND of fabric, in the wind -- the SANDSTORM RAGING -- Marco's eyes shining now, hyper-alert -- a warrior's eyes -- The happy chaos of screaming kids.
He stops as a REPORTER shouts over him.
People run alongside, hammering wildly on the windows in violent hysteria.
PAULA bristles at this insult to her husband's work.
She storms out.
He barges out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
Finally she drags herself out, leaving them alone.
There is a knock at the door.
Another knock at the door.
LOCK EYES IMMEDIATELY.
But I don't think I'm gonna blow it with Nikki because Tiffany's a slut.
Why is she a slut?
Tormented.
He doesn't have a problem complaining about Ernest fucking Hemingway.
The Clash.
She's fucking nuts!
This is the fucking reason right here.
You think I fucked up the Eagles' juju, don't you?
That's crazy.
Oh, fuck off, Randy.
You live for this shit.
Patrizio, stop it!
Cowboys are cowards.
That's ridiculous!
It flaps madly upsetting a nest.
A little procession heads down the lane.
The boys immediately break off from their game and run after it, shouting.
Charles, insulted, stops playing.
From the floor below we can hear Emma practising a piece of music on the piano - Chopin's revolutionary etude: a rippling, brooding arpeggio running up and down the keyboard, redolent of an angry sea.
Underwater, among the swirling seaweed, fragile sea creatures being torn this way and that by the raging surf Annie screams and kicks her legs, overwhelmed by water in some dark place.
Pull back to reveal: A vision of hell: The water is fire.
One by one the bottled specimens explode, discharging their contents onto the floor.
Then the door is SLAMMED SHUT from the inside.
Saves himself by throwing a hand up against the wall.
What the hell did he slip on?
A beat.
A beat.
The electronic door lock disengages behind her.
Peter slams the book shut and drops it.
He immediately recoils.
He lies on his back, his top half sticking out from a niche by the stairwell.
She shuts the door.
A Knock at the door.
Versailles looks up, annoyed.
Ray and Lila drive down a commercial strip of shopping centers, fast food joints and strip clubs, with French names.
MOHAWK CHIEF OF POLICE, BILLY THREE RIVERS, a stressed- looking man in his 40's talks on the phone.
Lila takes the money.
Billy stops and the three get out of the car, handcuffed.
A KNOCK at the door.
Lila puts him on the floor.
Seth stumbles onto the road and gets HIT by the COP CAR!!! Seth flies up onto the hood, SMASHING the windshield.
He's dazed, but okay.
He puts his hand on his gun and pulls out his club, scaring the shit out of Evan and Seth.
The kids continue to scream.
Fogell throws his shoulder into the guy, knocking him down.
Evan enters the bathroom and slams the door shut, a bottle of Ouzo in one hand and a beer in the other.
He pulls a condom out.
Seth looks up at her, drunk as hell, his eyes half-open.
Terry and his buddies laugh their asses off when, suddenly- KNOCK!
She screams and runs out.
The cops both get in and slam their doors.
The garbagemen slam the cans back on the Tortoise, who winces as they drive off.
By now Dino's affection   attack has knocked both master and pet to the floor in   a jumble of bedclothes, asses and elbows.
Fred cackles, slams it shut, then sits down at the table.
WHAM! Fred ducks back just as the stone newspaper slams into the window frame, SMASHING a FLOWERPOT, taking out a chunk of wall, and continuing diagonally through the kitchen and out another window.
Immediately we hear loud SQUAWKING and CACKLING...  THUDS, BUMPS... Suddenly the barred door slams open and a      giant chicken- saurus comes bounding out, with Morris's      staff hanging all over it like rodeo cowboys.
Immediately, the various workers shout AD LIB greetings.
Hearing a loud SMASH, Fred looks up and sees -- A burly and rough looking guy named PILTDOWN, he grins in- side his dino-topping cupola, winds his winch handles and then propels his wrecking ball towards the...  -- where the huge stone BALL SMASHES into some walnuts balanced on a boulder.
The wrecking BALL SMASHES into the stone wall.
He pulls on it...  Fred throws his own weight into the effort... THUDS into place on the dino's back -- the workers cheer -- alas, with its cable now twisted shorter, it's become an immovable object, and as the shortened CABLE SNAPS, the wrecking ball begins to roll down the quarry wall.
With a howl, they all dive aside -- The wrecking BALL flies through the window, SLAMS onto Slate's desk, crushing everything in its path and then sails on SMASHING right into -- -- where all of the lined up HIGH RISES SMASH ASIDE with a sound like falling pins.
Slate staggers to his feet, seething with fury.
They go out, Piltdown looking furious.
A few boys protest.
PK bobs expertly.
You leave this damn place you don't come back never.
A truncheon stops him.
Mandoma's punches come fast and furious, each one looking to end the fight.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
Morrie pulls the bolt, opening and shutting the door quickly.
And PK lights his own fuse and runs like hell over the bars toward the tunnel.
The men yell for him to jump.
A beat.
bursts from the casino and takes five steps before -- FREEZE FRAME: GLASS EXPLODES from three different doors behind him and he arches his back in agony...  RESUME ACTION: BULLETS rip the man to shreds and he collapses on Caesar's steps a bloody pulp.
An explosives COP kneels in front of him.
A collective SCREAM rises from the crowd, everyone ducks, cops hit the ground and cover their heads.
Commuters zig and zag, this way and that, all on furious schedules, and Linus slips blithely through them, in no hurry, a man who's pulled this job a thousand times before.
She pouts, flirtingly, as she does for every idiot who drops a line like that, then makes her way to...  ... where Rusty waits for her, and when she slips him the keycard, he slips her a c-note.
The CHAUFFEUR has been blocked by the crowd from opening the door so PUPKIN opens it.
With an effort, the MAN controls his temper and returns to his seat at the end of the bar.
He lies motionless.
PUPKIN expertly flips to a middle page in the book and, keeping the book open, his finger pointing under a name, he turns the book to RITA.
Their flirtation picks up steam.
you bad .
PUPKIN deftly shuts off the cassette and substitutes his own voice for that of CANTER's.
furious !
(getting a little angry.)
I told you to shut up about         MOUSY MAN my brother.
Are you? (smacks his bat on the ground and gets ready to hit the ball.)
You little liar!
(mutters.):
Stop pushing...ah....  (Wardrobe door flies open and all four fall on floor, the door to the room opens and the professor walks in with the ball.)
Malik shoots Al-Ghazi a unequivocal SHUT THE FUCK UP hard eye.
Fleury can't keep his mouth shut.
She immediately folds it, puts it into a corner.
Beat.
Fleury looks after him, turns back to Mr. Jackson who stares after Al-Ghazi: hate.
In that breath, Haytham punishes the Officer with a left- cross: knees buckle before he comprehends what hit him.
Fleury throats him, knee caps him, and grabs his weapon before the dude hits the ground.
On her knees immediately, hand over her ear.
They're mad about the sharing of a computer.
Pissed, reproachful head-shakes.
All business, pissed, clearly does not want Pabst.
Fleury looks up: just the roof of an old Mercedes on the median, dirt kicked up behind them, running behind lines of stopped-wrecked traffic now.
Al-Ghazi bolts toward the line of stopped traffic.
Petering screams/shouts.
The old man looks up at Al-Ghazi: rage and defiance.
ABU HAMZA stares, hatred burning into Al-Ghazi.
I'm gonna punch you in the kidneys if you don't let me finish a sentence.
Billy, we've all been busting our asses the last six and a half weeks to make this a better ball-- Grady, it's not a discussion.
This is about you and your shit?
You're cutting me?
That's--I'd leave them in school, you don't want to take them out in the middle What the hell are you doing?
A beat.
Hang on.
He's a crap shoot.
Beat.
Billy punches the phone off hold.
What a dump.
The frustrated restaurateur glares at him through the glass before giving up and walking off -- talking to himself as he goes up the block.
This bothers Stu who slides the booth open a crack.
She tries to pull open the sliding door to the booth but Stu jams it shut, right on her hand.
He punches in the digits.
Outside the booth, the angry black woman has returned, bringing with her a gaudily dressed pimp named LEON who looks like he means business.
It won't come loose -- so in frustration, he punches in a side pane of glass.
Traffic has suddenly been shut down.
In the distance, we hear the maddening HONKING of uptown traffic that is now being rerouted, creating a huge bottleneck and raising the anger of irate motorists and bus drivers whose horns provide their simplest form of protest.
Kelly is left alone as the Captain returns to their command center.
He sets the cell phone down flat on the floor of the booth facing upward.
He hasn't brought it down with the gun in it.
CRACK!
The pimp leads the captain down the middle of the whores to Fantine who wears a filthy white dress.
Fantine reacts with fury.
He is furious.
They pull up paving stones, rip boards, timbers and front doors from house and shop-fronts, pull down buttresses, and raid the Cafe Musain, systematically stripping it of every item of furniture despite the lamentations and protestations of Madame Hucheloup and her barmaid.
The outside is a crazy knarled mess.
The students run for their guns and return fire.
Swiftly Valjean grabs a gun and shoots up at them sending them scattering.
He raises his gun and points it at Javert.
Crack!
A sewer thief, robbing corpses.
Frustrated, enraged with himself, he lowers the gun.
The Pimp ignores her, screeches off.
Rice shoves Reilly aside as the Silhouette OPENS FIRE...  Diving for cover, Reilly flings back his trenchcoat, whips out his 9mm and RETURNS FIRE at the Silhouette, blowing the shit out of windows behind, sparks showering off machines.
Reilly cocks his hammer, fingers trembling.
Keeping their guns up, the three men grab tool bags, work their way to the alley door and slip out.
Glass kicks-starts his hog and rumbles away, van following.
He punches an intercom button - the whole room stops, looks up, as Swan's voice comes over the squawk box.
Reilly marches after Glass and T.J., leaving Pluchinsky fuming, holding closed his bloody nose.
Pooch throws Schnoz the red ball.
Pluchinsky's face turns red with rage as...
Schnoz howls awake from a nap as T.J. stabs the screen as a match is made, specifications filling the screen.
Glass and Reilly are left alone.
SHOUTING, mayhem as the team floods into the room.
Swan's rage erupts.
Swan rages.
Glass goes to the explosives and looks over the set-up.
4...  Glass stabs him with a look.
She pulls out a condom.
Then, The Teacher CLEARS HER THROAT and Deacon snaps out of it.
The unimpressed Tester remains expressionless.
Now Deacon is...  ... pissed.
The whores are gone.
The guy is out the door.
Deacon shoots them an annoyed look.
Oh, shit.
Matt stumbles in carrying a pile of scripts.
The entire class of slackjawed MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN yoga students stare in disbelief.
A beat.
A massive party is raging.
She removes her hat.
Suddenly we see the face of the MOUSTACHED MAN he's fucking.
Steven throws himself in the air and falls flat on his back with a scream.
He throws himself down the escalator, out of frame to the floor below.
Steven watches as a group of ROWDY PRISONERS throw whatever they can find at a small BIRD as it flies around, trapped in the cavernous hall.
Phillip is overwhelmed as the cell door slams shut behind Steven.
He wanders over to see a LARGE PRISONER beating the crap out of the Screecher.
Desperate, Steven bangs his fist on the table and looks resolutely to the judge.
He starts swiftly toward the hooch -- has moved as close to Zagon and the first prisoner as a fight referee to two boxers.
Nico grabs the Pimp by the scruff of the neck, lifting him bodily.
The Pimp is dazed, bloody.
Nico comes down with Lucy, hauls the Pimp to his feet -- Nico lifts the Pimp by the throat, pins him to the wall.
Abandano and the woman exit from the bank's revol- ving doors and immediately jump into a cab.
Dead as hell.
Bored, pissed off, tired.
Nick pushes his way to the viewing glass, shouting at the techs: The techs dash into the chamber -- but are instantly gagging      * and choking on the toxic fumes billowing from Rupert.
They        * retreat coughing, pulling the door shut again.
Scrawled on the inside of the door in red are the words: "HIS TONGUE WILL WAG IN HELL."
He sucks in a full breath, hands the pipe off to: LISA, the thin tattooed skank he's got bent over his bed and is fucking from behind.
He smashes the gun into her face repeatedly...  ...and knocks her bleeding and crying to the floor.
A cruiser nails him with a spotlight: Darby, never slowing, swings his arm around, FIRING his revolver blindly at all the lights...  ...whoa, fuck, gunshots!
He bangs his head back against the garage wall in frustration -- fuck!
He yanks the cop's service revolver, slapping him awake.
We hear the CIRCULAR SAW BUILD TO A HIGH SHRIEK...  ...and the SHRIEKING SAW FADES...  THE BLACKNESS OPENS UP -- we're in a cop car's trunk looking up as the lid is opened.
Spatters.
Then, bam: doors EXPLODE in and windows SHATTER as the SWAT tactical troops storm the room, bad-asses in black, machine guns aimed, encircling him, everybody shouting: Clyde is the calm eye of a pissed-off storm of highly professional cops with itchy trigger fingers.
In the center of the floor stands a smaller free-standing domed cage, like a bizarre birdcage.
More cons appear at their bars, faces peering, an angry grumble growing in the cellblock as the cart goes by.
All around        * the cellblock, inmates are shouting insults and threats...  Sarah is exiting, leaving Nick and Cantrell to stare at the phone and wait for it to ring... Digging.
THE MUSIC PLAYS in bizarre counterpoint to:                * THE CACOPHONY of an angry cellblock -- if the cons weren't in their cells, this would be a riot.
Teddy Roosevelt, bereft, removes his hat...
A small room tucked under the staircase... There's a KNOCK on Queenie's door.
A chauffeured car has stopped...
He doesn't mention the whore...
And he leaves the room as quickly as he came... Benjamin, in an old peacoat, holding another -- waits...  Daisy comes out... as he stops the door from slamming...
AN EXPLOSION RIPS THROUGH A PILLOW OF SMOKE BLOWS into the lobby!
They door SLAMS SHUT.
They SMASH THROUGH A GLASS HANDRAIL ON THE SECOND FLOOR, then...  SHOOT to the TOP OF THE WALL-LENGTH WINDOWS!
A FIREBALL BLASTS through the door, BLOWS off its hinges!
Then... Everyone outside is BLOWN OFF THEIR FEET! Conners, Dekker Simultaneously, An EXPLOSIONS BLASTS OUT THE WEST SIDE DOORS!
The HOSTAGES RUN OUT, SCREAM IN ALL THE LIGHTS COME UP, as...   Conners KICKS IN THE DOOR, but...  It's empty.
Conners, his anger SIMMERS TO A BOIL, until finally...
A SHAGGY BROWN HAIRED MAN, 40's, with a MOUSTACHE and an ANGRY EXPRESSION, CHARGES TOWARDS THE CAMERA and BARRELS OVER IT! KNOCKS the Camera and the Cameraman DOWN! ON SCREEN...    the IMAGE FREEZES on the SHAGGY MAN'S FACE.
He takes one step inside when...  GINA, 20's, Latino, wearing only a pair of red panties with NO BRA, runs up behind Dekker and JUMPS ON HIS BACK, FISTS Dekker pushes her down, aims his gun at her. Vincent enters, grabs Gina.
Conners concedes the floor.
The bullet STRIKES KNIGHT IN THE NECK! Simultaneously...    BRANCH FIRES!
THE BULLET RIPS INTO HARRINGTON'S ARM! He's hit, but not down.
Conners PUNCHES Galt, sends him back!
He then SLAMS Galt against the wall, Galt KNEES Conners in the gut.
A Fireman walks behind them, back towards the fire truck.
He shuts off the lamp, heads for the door.
John turns to fire on the detectives...       Conners fires - KILLS John Curtis!
As gunfire stops, Dekker KICKS through the door!
York charges Dekker with the PIKE POLE, ready to stab, when...
The Pike punches through his chest...  POPS out his back!
Conners FIRES TOWARDS THE DOOR!      After...  Conners takes out a small remote detonator.
Pushes the FIRST ON THE FLOOR...  next to the base of the door is a FUSE.
He's dead.
Once settled, he pushes the SECOND BUTTON ON THE DETONATOR and...  Conners opens a trunk, inside is a FIREMAN'S RAIN COAT, In the aftermath of the fire...      SEVERAL FIREMAN, POLICE, REPORTERS, etc. are on scene.
PUNCH-DRUNK LOVE by Paul Thomas Anderson <b><!-- </b> <b>/* </b>Break-out-of-frames script By Website Abstraction (http://wsabstract.com.)
top.location.href=location.href
He air punches/twitch.
Barry grabs the card and starts to push his cart.... but he pushes it straight into a SIX YEAR OLD KID who's pushing a cart around....they slam into each other....  Barry apologizes....the KID just takes off.... Barry's cart now has a slightly damaged wheel that wobbles like crazy.... CAMERA tracks left to right with Barry as he heads for the Healthy Choice Frozen Dinner.
He pushes TWO SHOPPING CARTS FULL OF PUDDING over to the STORE MANAGER who's on his knees, stacking milk..... Barry kneels down, CAMERA PUSHES INTO A CU. as he speaks sotto; The door opens slowly and Barry peers his head around and into the house very cautiously, CAMERA PUSHES IN and PANS slightly LEFT to reveal: THE KITCHEN.
He's left alone for a moment with Walter and Elizabeth; Walter moves to help everyone... they're moving to set the table...... CAMERA CLOSES IN ON BARRY AND ELIZABETH alone for a beat: RHONDA passes; Elizabeth leaves, HOLD ON BARRY.
HOLD, THEN: In unison they all go ape shit: It's later and WALTER and BARRY walk down a small hall and into a kids room.
They walk towards a back room, as they do they pass a REGULAR JOE who bumps into Dean accidentally, Dean explodes; Dean takes a BEER BOTTLE and SMASHES it in half on the bar, holds it up to the guy -- They're all walking towards a back room of the bar, they walk past a COUPLE that is fighting.
The WOMAN is screaming at the top of her lungs at the MAN; Dean gets in the middle of it; He motions over his shoulder to Ashes to Ashes.
CAMERA behind the heads of Nate, Jim, Dave as they drive down the street..... they call their brother "Mike D" on the phone and say, "what's up, we're goin' to Los Angeles, you wanna go?" CAMERA PANS left and picks up the fourth brother MIKE D as he walks from work and gets in the car.....CAMERA HOLDS behind the heads of the four blonde brothers as they drive off.
He's mad at himself and he HITS a stall.... it seems loose already and falls straight to the floor.
This makes him go crazier and he continues to BEAT and KICK the shit out of the bathroom/stall.
MIKE D walks up out of nowhere and straight towards Barry - throws a PUNCH straight to his FACE..... Barry stumbles a bit, goes down to the ground.....he NOTICES IN A QUICK FLASH: Their UTAH license plate......  ....Barry makes a mad run for it.....
Barry and Lance exit the warehouse and get into Barry's car -- Barry and Lance are filling up an EXTRA LARGE SHOPPING CART with PUDDING as Barry explains, CAMERA pushes in; They're unloading the pudding which comes in packets of three, but Barry and Lance are taking them out of those packets and handing them to the CHECK OUT GIRL one by one.....  BEAT.
The garage door opens and we see Barry and Lena in his car..... they're about to pull in.... ... THE TOYOTA PICK UP carrying The Stevens Brothers pulls in real fast behind them and rear-ends them.... ... CAMERA pushes in real fast.... Barry turns and sees Lena's head has been injured..... he looks behind and sees TWO OF THE BROTHERS EMERGING FROM THE .....he gets out quick, heads right for them....  Barry goes absolutely APE SHIT on MIKE D and NATE..... .... it's a mess of VIOLENCE and BRAWLING and Barry seems to get the best of both NATE and MIKE D......the two other brothers half get involved/stay in the car.....  .....CAMERA pushes in on LENA (30fps.)
Somebody walks towards him, says: Dean walks back to the phone and picks it up; INTERCUT NOW WITH BARRY/LATISHA/DEAN; She clicks over to him; They stop screaming.
Barry exits..... as he's about to go out the doors, Dean screams; CAMERA, PUSHES IN VERY SLIGHTLY ON Barry as he exits the doors (30fps.)
The girl's...  Sylvia's... Why the hell would I have her number?
Boy, he's got a helluva nerve!
Cop #1 charges after Punk #1 and yells to his partner who's still in the car: Cop #2 leaps out of the car, gun in hand.
Peter softly shuts the   door behind them and follows.
Graton leaps up, shouts "let's get 'em" and takes off after the punks, followed by about 10 other plainclothes detectives, who'd been hiding all around.
That son-of-a- bitch!
Why? Goddamn him!
He really could have called me! Are you pissed off 'cause she's gone?
What, are you crazy?
So don't give me that bullshit, okay?
Jack gestures wildly to her to shut up and go away.
He exits, furious.
Fuming, they file one after the other down the corridor past the stunned Brunette in her T-shirt who was waiting for Jack by the door to his room.
The three guys close the kitchen door and start yelling at each other.
He shuts the MUSIC OFF.
You motherfucker, get out of here!
Get out of my house right now or I'll kick the shit out He exits with Mary.
Theresa starts to protest.
Woolridge motions for Marsha to shut up and Karl stops still.
They are stopped by a red traffic light.
He leaves and slams the door.
Lilly gets up and moves towards the street kid who is being talked to by two burly, grumpy policemen.
Everyone nods and shuts up as Lilly stands in front of the men.
Lilly is angry.
Lilly seems more angry than she should be.
The victims.
She's shivering.
Silus whips   his hand to the blade of the knife, slashing his wrist, blood   immediately issuing from the wound.
The projectile explodes out the end of the gun.
People in the street scatter as more Brothers emerge with guns pointed.
And Lilly, shaking, pointing her gun at the man Silus is holding.
Edgar grabs her by the throat, for a moment anger boils out of Edgar, but he restrains himself.
The thing on the other side of the door is now screaming wildly and the door handle is jerking down as the creature tries to activate it and Lilly has her feet on it, trying desperately to keep the door shut, but her feet keep slipping.
Her feet slip more and more on the door.
Cut to Edgar's finger moving over the steaming lever.
The crowd goes berserk, screaming with her.
The crowd screaming "Justice!
as Don Giovanni screams and falls into the jaws of hell.
The door bangs shut. is calling out...  opens a side door.
The Spectators are booing and yelling at Killian to shut up.
People scream.
A KNOCK at the door.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
The court starts screaming again.
The courtroom explodes.
Screams fill the air -- "Racist!
Motherfucker!" etc.
The Judge grabs               * Sherman and pulls him through the door.
A foot kicks a ball.
One of the workers sullenly pulls a chain, releasing a blast from a steam whistle that drowns Bertie out.
In fury he rolls down the window and is about to throw away the record.
A grass strip cut into the moors.
He doesn't hear Bertie's discreet knock.
She does so, sobbing.
He releases his emotions in an outburst of anger.
He picks up the record and is about to smash it against the edge of his desk, then realizes the mess that would make and tosses it into a waste paper basket.
The hysteria stops.
Logue, expressionless, doesn't respond.
In the room, they are appalled.
Cocks it.
He's dead.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
He has the gun.
They roll gradually down to the outer edge of the woods and come to a stop beneath a familiarly squat but ample WALNUT Beyond them is the LAKE, the MEADOWS and the RUINED HAMLET.
By the time CLARA turns towards him, the binoculars are hidden.
JACK is expressionless.
We hear Carabinieri screeching to a halt and clambering out of their cars, cocking submachine guns.
Vast fans suspended from the ceiling shift the traffic fumes.
... Smashing the roo m up .. .
After her...  On her... Screaming in her face...  Insane...
With rage...  Fighting... Struggling...  LIZ somehow managing to squeeze through the kitchen door... COLIN after her like a fiend...  Her going down again... Him stamping on her...  Kicking... Booting...  Like she's the worst dog in the world... Horrific...  Horrendous... Horrible...  He's going to kill her...
THE FIVE ROOSEVELT CHILDREN are screaming on the front lawn playing a boisterous game of croquet.
final act of daring pushes the crowd into frenzy.
An overflowing ashtray is by his side and piles of newspaper lie at his feet.
Voices are calling him accompanied by FISTS smashing at the door.
The car pulls to a stop.
Franklin's legs flop as his useless feet touch the shallow bottom.
Immediately the Men drop into CROUCHES, scanning the area.
He opens FIRE - IMMEDIATE CHAOS: people scream, duck down, some cars reverse desperately and collide with the cars behind.
... as bullets smack off the parked SUV.
Mahmud, Bob and Lyn are lying flat on the seats.
Bob watches him, faintly irritated.
Then he puts the gun into his mouth...  Norm's father - MAJOR GENERAL PENDLETON - stares fixedly to where Bill and Brigadier General Hopgood sit in the hearing - his expression filled with icy rage.
Beat.
A door slides shut with a clang nearby and Lyn turns to locate the sound.
Lyn lies down.
Beat.
Paul and Tanya enjoy a hot, sweaty fuck.
Jules grabs a couple BAGS of fertilizer, throws them on top.
Somehow, deep down, Jai can sense her moving towards him which exhilarates and freaks the shit out of him at the same time.
That stops Joni in her tracks.
Getting impatient and upset.
Paul takes off his sun- hat and put it on Joni's head.
Cut to them fucking.
Nails it.
Explodes.
She yells in hushed tones.
Fucking again in his bedroom.
Nic is so angry she's calm.
GUARD 2:    You idiot--we've ALL got swords!! (ABU sets the sword down gently, then runs.
You were born a (ALADDIN rushes the PRINCE, but the doors to the castle slam shut ALADDIN:    I'm not worthless.
(They begin to make their way through the room when the CARPET rises ABU:        Huh? (He turns, and the CARPET lies flat on the floor.
What's wrong?
JAFAR:  (He looks at IAGO in insult.)
He hates fireworks.
JAFAR:  Leave him alone!
Ah, master-- there are a few JAFAR:  Don't talk back to me, you stupid blue lout!
Jafar, Jafar, he's our man--if he can't do it, (ALADDIN uses the distraction to make a break for the hourglass where JASMINE:    Aladdin! (ALADDIN jumps on a large gem and slides across the floor, grabbing ALADDIN:    Hang on, Jasmine! (He is about to hit the glass with his sword when JAFAR grabs him.)
He's a little punch drunk.
Get your blasted beak IAGO:       Oh, shut up, you moron!
JAFAR:  Don't tell me to shut up! GENIE:  Allow me.
An air vent smashes to the floor.
Bag after bag drops down the trash chute and tumbles into an open-roofed van where the last of the gang, Eddie Dominguez, waits with the ENGINE RUNNING.
She recoils.
An oh shit look passes between the two partners.
Max shuts the door.
Lowrey kicks the door in.
Eddie screams!
She's so frustrated she's about to hang up.
Burnett knocks on the door.
Just as he drops it into his jacket pocket -- She stands on the other side of the door with a baseball bat, cocked and ready to fly.
Burnett ducks and Julie smashes the hat stand instead.
He's pinned under a large section of heavy debris, coughing and screaming for help as fire rages around him.
Between him and the door is the gaping hole in the floor.
Luis steals the ball.
Gordy yells at him to defend.
Junior and the rookie, Ronnie, are with him, but there's no chatter -- Gordy's shut down, oblivious to everyone around him.
What they hear, however, is ROSETTA SCREAM as a DOOR CRASHES open.
ORTIZ- DOMINGUEZ and ROSETTA cower as Gordy vents his pent-up, end-of-the-world rage using the bat the way we saw him use a fire axe.
He throws one of the knives.
THUMP.
Throwing the remaining knives.
His chatter is beginning to annoy Frank.
Fuming, Rachel sizes things up, then grabs it herself, whipping the curtain shut behind her.
Frank's annoyed.
A beat.
The door closes shut behind them.
Nicki is embarrassed, angry.
Reardon is irritated.
Rage.
Beat her too?
Pete hate scowls me: have your fun, Asshole...  Milteer looks at Pete.
Punches me as hard as he can without provocation: nothing to write home about.
Sag under the weight of my own insomnia-fed stupidity.
Urgent:                                       * At Wilhite: Sucks her steam: she knows I know.
* -grab Wilhite hard, haul him into a hallway bathroom, slam    * the door, lock it.
* Go right at him, cut his steam.
Angry at myself for missing twice:                   * -grab Junior, sharp jab him, push him out a door for the         * second time-                                                     * -final push with my foot gives me enough room to dead-bolt it    * behind him.
The running dialogue of a functional fucking freak: A hand drawn cock doodled beneath that, then below: -drop the steno like it might bite.
Systemically destroy the place.
And how far I'm willing to go to fuck you- -everyone knows I'm a piece-a-shit.
Why trust a God damn word that comes out of your- -you done anything with the Magdalena case?
You photographed the head of Narco in-front of his house...  Jesus Christ, you need cue cards?
He shifts back from snarl to smile...  Ruiz begins his forced/coerced/do-it-or-we'll-fuck-you sob story as Bradley steps away from the glare.
Before he can play stupid with: `What?' Bradley removes his glasses, staring at documentation that dooms both his immediate and distant future...  Slap another file over the one he's reading.
Snag the receiver, rip his shit: He's got her.
Grab his tie, pull him down as I jut his gun up under his chin and fire two shots through the top of his head.
He goes down gargling `fuck'.
Glenda screaming.
BRANDON walks into a toilet cubicle, shuts and locks the door.
He takes it out, flipping open a bottle of beer in a familiar move and banging the door shut with his back.
BRANDON, visually irritated.
BRANDON adjusts the hat.
BRANDON watches DAVID walk into his office, shutting his door behind him.
DAVID follows BRANDON is left alone to pay the driver.
HE hits the kitchen cabinet in frustration.
He walks into his bedroom and pushes the drawer shut.
The steady back and forth of the MIDDLE AGED MAN behind her gradually reveals both are lost in a stand up fuck.
SISSY slams the door shut.
He hits the wall in frustration.
Slapping a tangle of wires into the garbage, he drags the heaving bag of crap out into the corridor.
A pile of black garbage bags already piled up along the street in waiting for collection.
Both lie on their backs silently, in frustration, breathing heavily.
A rush of TEENAGERS and MIDDLE AGED COUPLES spilling out of a cinema- BRANDON walking, disorientated, jaywalking through the traffic.
BRANDON looks beyond- A THIN BOY down on his knees sucking a cock through a hole between walls.
BRANDON stops and knocks on an apartment door.
The car slams on its breaks directly in front of him.
Bender is messing with the door to the library.
The door slams shut.
Bender points his middle finger at the floor.
He stabs the switchblade into a chair.
Bender slams his hand back to slap his invisable mother.
Allison steals the lock off of Bender's locker.
Bender fakes the ball at Vernon.
Tilley opens the back door and throws his sample case inside.
He gets in the driver's seat and slams the car door angrily.
There seems to be a serious exchange but with the sound of TRAFFIC and the cars passing THROUGH FRAME, we're un- able to hear what is taking place.
Tilley and BB immediately drop their guards and lean against a car.
Tilley slams the phone down.
Locks the door.
Masters throws a file down on the table.
We hear a LOUD, SAWING noise and HAMMERING echoing through the warehouse throughout this scene.
Before the old man can utter a syllable, Butch grabs Phillip and points the gun straight at Cummings.
She's pissed and overloaded with files.
Sally, boiling mad as her coiffure wilts in the Texas sun, stops, and tosses down the file box in anger.
The Airstream stops.
Instead of expressing outrage, Jerry slinks back down in the seat wearing a look of pure hatred.
Jerry screams and drops the gun, which Phillip    picks up and carries with him as he scurries out of the car    and into the hay field.
Phillip hands it over and watches while Butch reaches into the plaid jacket pocket, extracts a few shells and loads the .38. a little frustrated now, but still moving forward.
He refuses to return her gaze.
can't believe his eyes...  is COMING STRAIGHT FOR him, hell bent on destruction and picking up speed.
Biker #2,   bounds along, and when he reaches Julius he grabs the   handle of the leather case that Julius holds, his plan   quite obvious -- to steal the case and disappear into the   crowded street.
And on that, he GUNS his CAR the hell away, leaving Julius standing there.
He drives terribly, stopping and starting -- jerking along.
clearing his throat, taken aback by the violence of Beetroot's tone.
Webster puts down the gun, jots down the name.
As soon as the door shuts behind him, Vince hits the CADDY'S IGNITION and begins SQUEALING out of the driveway in reverse...  just as Linda and Marnie's car pulls into it, blocking his path.
Vince slams his hands down onto the wheel in frustration.
She slams the door shut.
Angry tears well up in Vince's eyes.
Julius grabs Traven, slams him up against the wall.
A beat.
He freezes at the sound of a KNOCK at the DOOR.
Watched by Julius, Marnie pulls the curtains shut, kills the overhead lights, all the while providing him with glimpses of various parts of her anatomy.
Julius puts the blanket and pillow from the other bed onto the floor between the two beds, then shuts off the other lamp.
Vince takes the case, gazes at the money, snaps it shut.
Neckbone looks at Ellis, frustrated by his friend.
Neckbone shuts the door and fastens the security latch.
It's the first time the boys have seen him angry.
It reads, "I'm a real bitch in the morning!"
It snaps out of Ellis' hand and smashes apart on the floor.
Ellis is left alone in the wake.
Kyle straddles him on the ground and punches him.
Another punch to Ellis' face.
Neckbone sucks his teeth.
He looks at it--suddenly there is a SCREAM from behind, then GUNSHOTS, patrons diving for the floor.
With the last shot, Shadow turns and heads for the door, but is tackled and swarmed by angry men, SHOUTING.
An angry woman stands from her auditorium chair-- We WHIP PAN to see another standing parent-- We WHIP PAN to a man in the rear-- We are in the High School auditorium, a hot-and-heavy teachers- and-parents meeting in progress.
Otis tries to keep a lid on his temper, looks around the room-- Wade stands, steely-eyed, and looks at Otis nose to nose-- Otis is starting to shake, but holds his ground-- He starts to turn away then WHAP! brings the butt of his pistol up under Otis's chin, knocking him to the floor.
We see Sam's car roll through the "express lane" as other cars in both directions stop by the inspection booths.
Eladio begins to undo the nuts on the flat tire as Young CHUCHO climbs down into a dry creek bed to relieve himself-- CHUCHO tightens as he sees something, ducks down-- We PAN to see the Sheriff's car approaching in a cloud of Eight illegal WORKERS hear this and lie down, pulling a canvas tarp over themselves.
We PAN with Buddy's hand down to the door handle--he grabs it, flings it open--the overhead LIGHT flicks ON and there lie YOUNG SAM and PILAR, teenagers, half their clothes off and just about to close the deal.
PILAR SCREAMS and the Deputy throws the door open by their heads-- Buddy grabs Sam's ankles and yanks him out of the car onto the ground as the Deputy awkwardly pulls PILAR, out the other side-- Sam is trying to kick and punch at his father, pausing in between to pull his pants up.
The ruined screen rises in the b.g.
MUSIC CONTINUES-- Twisted in a snarl as he curses.
We shoot past Wade's body as the other men step away from the table, grab their hats, and hurry out the side door.
Wade follows, then Young Hollis-- Wade puts his gun next to Young Otis's ear, cursing at him.
A bullet plows through his neck, knocking him back against the bar.
His gun falls from his hand-- Horrified, splattered with the Sheriff's blood.
Manny pushes his weapon back in his coat and knocks on the door behind him.
Albright cocks the hammer.
He smacks him again, and blood is everywhere.
Easy takes one to the diaphragm, and as he doubles over the fat detective slips the handcuffs on behind his back.
He gets to his feet and reaches for his gun, but Miller stops his hand.
SCREAM.
He opens it and SCREAM!
She looks at the card and then up at Easy with annoyed superiority.
This guy's got it bad.
He stops and looks to the floor, the gravity pulling him down...  way down.
After a moment, Mouse cocks the hammer.
Mouse is trained with the hammer cocked and Easy is about to give the signal, but then: Miller thinks about it and then-- The door opens and JUNIOR FORNAY stands there behind the screen door in blue boxer shorts and a white T-shirt.
The Governor, who's been talking the whole time, yells out through the door.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
PAUL goes to the door, opens it and waves STEPHEN in, shutting the door behind him as he enters.
Beat.
He gets to the fifth floor and walks down the hall towards Molly's room.
Jen shoots her an angry look.
His warning is useless.
She kicks him.
Furious, Lo lunges at her and they tussle briefly.
The two pull out their weapons which are immediately chopped into scraps by Jen.
Li touches his neck.
He storms off.
He stays behind, and is soon left alone.
A front door opens, revealing a porch-full of 30 angry parents holding 15 muddied kids by their ears.
The wad of money is snatched from a grubby small hand by an angry big one.
Bloom sits wearily on the curb, bowler hat in hand, shirt bright red with fake blood, face long as hell.
A goddamn mess.
A rotund GRANDMOTHER waddles in, cleaning up bottles and berating Bloom in a constant stream of angry Italian.
The grandmother follows them, still barking angry Italian at Bloom.
A grumpy Bloom perched on the red Schwinn, an ill fitting Styrofoam helmet on his head.
Whose front right fender Bloom expertly smashes into.
The Lamborghini screeches to a stop.
The car door slams and she's gone.
She storms out.
He leaves her alone.
A door opens and slams.
A beat.
Mel eyes him, annoyed.
It's irritating being corrected by a guy you outrank, especially when he's right.
Dyson shuts the locker.
She grabs it.
O'Ryan rises, goes to the door...  as Mackelway unholsters his gun.
That irritated her.
How the hell did he know that?
A beat.
Charlton stops.
It troubles her.
She half-smiles: "You mean the one you've been fucking?"
A break.
That stuns him...  Mackelway eyes him - utter disbelief.
Instead, Mackelway simply EXPLODES: It is a blur, faster than a blur, but Mackelway rises with an animal roar, knocking O'Ryan flat on his back.
That shuts the guy up in a hurry.
THUMP!
Another violent swing of that tire-iron, busting up the other side of Zero's torso.
Fuck it.
That threw Mackelway badly.
He puts a finger to his head, pretending it's a gun.
He grabs the duffle bag and shuts the trunk.
Graham knocks at the door.
There is a knock on Graham's door.
There is a knock at his door.
There is a knock at his door.
Ann as she sets the earring onto the floor and begins to pound it with the bottom of a water glass, trying to smash it to pieces.
There is a weak knock at the door.
John explodes, hitting the wall all around Ann.
John punches Graham in the jaw, knocking him to the floor.
John roughly pushes Graham into one of the director's chairs, which topples over and throws Graham to the floor once again.
John is literally so mad he can't speak.
John stands and throws his chair against the door.
John picks up the chair he threw and sets it upright.
He is visibly upset.
There is a knock at Graham's door, which now has a deadbolt lock.
She stops in the middle of the room, her back to him.
Cullen is exhausted, frustrated.
A moment of bullshit superficial greetings and then -- the elevator doors opening and the whole uncomfortable clot of them moving into -- Just enough room.
Furious.
Punching a number.
Cullen and Pamela and everyone waiting...  Chaos! -- media madness -- Kevin pushing past dozens of reporters and camera crews -- court officers trying to clear the way -- fifteen voices screaming at once -- questions flying like shrapnel -- Cullen, all smiles, alongside Milton as they're pushed along -- Pam, waving a cell phone, fighting her way to Kevin and -- Kevin takes the phone, trying to hear above the noise.
Throws open the comforter.
He's tense.
He's flipping out.
Stained-glass angels going nuts now -- wings flapping like mad -- danger everywhere, as the MUSIC STARTS to CLIMAX and -- Milton down below.
Mrs. Lomax dropping to her knees as his FOOTSTEPS ECHO away, and we -- As Kevin explodes through a fire door.
Kevin has a gun -- Cullen's gun, in his hand -- Kevin FIRES the GUN -- BANG! BANG! BANG! -- bullets pass right through him -- into the wall -- Kevin lowers the gun to his side.
Kevin raises the GUN to his temple -- quick and simple -- SNAP! -- he's blown his brains out -- Milton stunned -- disbelieving for a moment and then an aura of fire and heat explodes around him -- (EFX.)
Shoots, blows in them and reholsters them.
Chum is nudging Flor with the ball and Flor was about to accommodate him by taking it before Deborah's warning shout stopped her in mid-sentence.
He is wildly frustrated.
ON CHARGING ARMY - they stop dead in their tracks.
End on a scream.
Stalemate.
The creature SCREAMS BACK! Boys freak out.
Imposing.
Tense.
Raph throws kicks and punches at their pursuer when he closes in.
We hear sounds of a violent BATTLE.
Sarcastic.
CLOSE ON LEO - He's fuming.
There's a break.
86                                                                 86 88                                                                 88 89                                                                89 90                                                                90 91                                                                91 The two stare at each other as the CAM ANGLES BEHIND KARAI - she's holding a KATANA SWORD behind her back!
ON DOORS - CAM PULLS BACK ALONG DOORS as each one is barely forced open and dozens of Foot Ninjas pile in the lobby!
ON VAN - As they open the doors to act as shields as - THUNKA THUNK THUNK - darts stick in the door!
The place is violent with a whirlwind and screaming Monsters.
The brothers are screwed.
ALARMS BLARE -- LIGHTS GO RED as -- The Narada FIRES a TORPEDO -- IT HEADS FOR THE KELVIN -- then SEPARATES, fracturing into a multi-hit projectile -- Officers SCRAMBLE, brace for impact -- Torpedo locked on us at 320 degrees, mark two -- incoming      -- Evasive pattern Delta-5! fast!
A fucking FACE is now on their VIEWSCREEN.
Finally, to the First Officer: The First Officer follows Robau OFF THE BRIDGE AND INTO: As they walk, briskly: Robau heads into a waiting TURBOLIFT, turns -- they lock eyes, knowing what this means.
A LOW- PITCHED BEEPBEEP of his HEARTBEAT is now HEARD -- TILT DOWN as the TURBO-LIFT DESCENDS -- we PUSH IN as the doors open and Captain Robau gets out -- moves quickly -- hurries down a SHUTTLE BAY catwalk -- Robau enters a shuttle -- LIGHTS BLINK to life.
Delta-Five The Kelvin BANKS as it FIRES WILDLY -- another TORPEDO BLASTING FROM THE NARADA -- it SEPARATES -- some miss, OTHERS HIT! Debris FLIES TROUGH THE CEILING, SLAMMING INTO A BRIDGE SUPPORT BEAM! Green COOLANT SPEWS from under the floor grating -- TIGHT ON GEORGE as this lands.
-- and she's on the move, out the door as her COMMUNICATOR SOUNDS -- she answers -- Alone now on the bridge, piloting this massive craft by himself - - George talks to Winona from the Captain's chair -- HOLD ON GEORGE for a moment as he hesitates -- his eyes glued to the screens as he pilots -- PUSH IN on him, his heart shattering -- having to out-maneuver incoming torpedoes, piloting the ship to its doom -- still, he forces optimism: He disconnects -- another ALARM -- he TURNS the ship, FIRES -- The Kelvin BANKS AGAIN -- its PHOTONS SLAMMING INTO THE ONCOMING CREW MEMBERS scramble to their shuttles as the ship TREMBLES -- and we find WINONA among them, being PUSHED through the madness.
Another screen that shows stats of DEPARTING SHUTTLES -- more leaving as we glance at the screen -- but SHUTTLE 34 REMAINS The NARADA is GROWING in the viewscreen -- he hits the comlink: The PILOT is readying the controls -- Shuttle Pilot works the controls -- and Winona, in the back, feels the shuttle SHUDDER -- -- but she's suddenly WINCING as another CONTRACTION hits -- Clamps holding the shuttle SLAM BACK, the MED-SHUTTLE DROPS HARD, FUSION IMPULSE ENGINES IGNITE and the shuttle MOVES -- George hits COMLINK -- a TONE -- then WINONA'S VOICE: As George EVADES ENEMY FIRE, heading for the massive alien ship: Winona, holding her communicator -- And she just stares -- realizing what's happening -- that he's been made Captain -- that there was an evacuation -- and somehow she just KNOWS.
No- -- There's no other way-- my      - no, you need to be here-- love-- you know all I want--      -- George, I can't do this all I want in the world is to     without you-- be with you--                        (crying now.) -- but she's WINCING AGAIN -- -- and she does -- the shuttle BANKS and -- -- and the shuttle LEAVES the Kelvin bay -- turning to join DOZENS of other shuttles, all heading off in escape -- As George PILOTS, DODGING INCOMING -- we INTERCUT WITH: Winona PUSHING -- giving birth to their baby -- and we're BACK AND FORTH between a husband and wife that will never see each other again, MUSIC SWELLING as the Kelvin TURNS HARD, avoiding TORPEDOES -- the shuttle BANKING as the Doctor and Nurse help Winona -- and we're ON GEORGE as he HEARS A BABY CRYING -- and TEARS COME TO HIS EYES -- as he says-- And now we see Winona, handed this beautiful little boy.
Then PAN OVER to see NERO'S SHIP TUMBLING SILENTLY THROUGH SPACE -- DEBRIS still raining from the explosion -- MAYHEM: ALARMS and CREW work to stabilize the ship (OVERLAPPING ROMULAN DIALOG TO BE WRITTEN.) -- we arrive at Nero, who, with small specks of HUMAN BLOOD on his face, just STARES at the fucking HOLOGRAM OF SPOCK -- he's OBSESSED.
Ayel works a monitor, yelling out something (in Romulan.) to one of their men -- and as a result: Gargantuan "BLADES" EXTEND from the ship like otherworldly SAILS -- and the ship begins to STEADY -- but then ANOTHER SHIP APPEARS -- DECLOAKING FROM NOTHINGNESS: a fucking KLINGON VESSEL -- then ANOTHER -- AND ANOTHER -- And we're on Ayel as he witnesses, on his monitor, ships, popping up ALL AROUND THEM -- which is when they HEAR a VOICE -- speaking KLINGON -- and we SUBTITLE: A glare to George and Frank walks off.
Cold as fucking ice.
He sees this and    it annoys him.
And they both lift his limp body up -- as something miraculous happens -- NERO SNAPS TO LIFE AND SINGLE-HANDEDLY BEATS THE SHIT OUT OF THE GUARDS -- TAKING THEM BOTH DOWN IN TEN SECONDS -- in what seems like an instant, he's the only one standing here -- holding both of the Guards' rifles -- which he TWIRLS, badass.
wait --                           I prom-- They're INTERRUPTED by a DOOR OPENING -- GASP! Ayel hides his disappointment behind his eyes as suddenly -- A LIGHTNING STORM -- impossibly, from nowhere -- LOTS OF IT -- and through the lightning erupts THE JELLYFISH -- THE SHIP NERO HAS And we won't know where we are as MUSIC BUILDS and we CUT TO: Uhura TURNS TO US, at her comm station -- PUSH IN on her.
Amanda's eyes go wide with terror -- Looking DOWN towards Vulcan at the gigantic DRILLING PLATFORM, the SOURCE of the PLASMA RAY -- and we TILT UP to see that the platform is HUNG ON A WIDE TETHER -- and we KEEP TILTING UNTIL WE SEE THE TETHER IS ATTACHED TO THE NARADA, in orbit above the planet -- Nero stares at holographic images of Vulcan -- as Ayel arrives behind him.
Ayel observes TWO ROMULANS EXTRACTING some of this Red Matter, sucking it into a tube -- Workers place the tube of Red Matter into a SPACE POD.
The bridge crew monitors systems: A MAP appears -- locates her -- Kirk RUNS OUT -- McCoy hurrying after him with a bag of gear: Kirk and McCoy enter -- Kirk stops, looks around -- And McCoy INJECTS HIM WITH ANOTHER SHOT -- And Kirk runs into a ENORMOUS SPACE -- giant STEEL COLLECTOR TANKS surround a dozen workstations where CREW MEMBERS collect data -- Kirk races to Uhura -- Kirk hides his hands behind his back -- as he talks it becomes Kirk grabs a pen with his huge hands and writes -- shows her what he's written: "THE SHIP - WAS IT ROMULAN?" Uhura looks at him -- somehow scared -- as McCoy INJECTS HIM AGAIN: EPIC WIDE SHOT: Amanda's a spec against the MASSIVE, EAR- SPLITTING PLASMA TWISTER.
How the hell did you get on board the                 This man is under the Enterprise?!                         influence of a severe reaction ON THE CREW as that lands.
In English: CLOSE ON KIRK -- breathless -- suddenly staring at the man who murdered his father -- holy SHIT...
WE TRACK FAST with Pike, Kirk, Spock and Sulu as they HURRY through the Enterprise toward the shuttle bay: Kirk and Sulu share a HOLY FUCKING SHIT look -- What!?!                           -- Captain?
BRAVERY washes over them -- they'd fucking DIE for their Captain, who now turns to Kirk and Sulu -- Sarek's hovercraft speeds along the desert floor, arriving at a massive CAVE OPENING -- he and Amanda hurry off the craft -- into the cave -- QUICK CUTS: Kirk, Sulu, and the ship's LEAD ENGINEER OLSON are suiting up for the drop, strapping on sleek AIRDROP ARMOR.
In the COCKPIT, Pike works the controls -- MOTORS WHINE and the craft LURCHES -- We see the shuttle LEAVE THE DOCK -- The shuttle soars from the Enterprise bay, the planet Vulcan a red orb below...  THRUSTERS FLARE as it descends and now we The shuttle GLIDES to a hover, 60,000 FEET ABOVE THE DRILL -- A KLAXON SOUNDS, signalling depressurization of the cargo lock -- the guys ready their equipment, snatching for handstraps, standing on the lip of THE AIRLOCK -- Kirk and Sulu meet eyes through their helmet faceplates, the point of no return -- PIKE'S VOICE over their headsets: Pike hits another control -- as the shuttle BOMB BAY DOORS OPEN - - and KIRK, SULU, AND RED SHIRT ARE INSTANTLY PULLED OUT, INTO: The falling trio TRACKED ON SCREEN, everyone watches, agape: SPOCK and UHURA meet eyes -- this is fucking insane -- and a MAN'S ENTHUSIASTIC YELLING takes us to: -- their chutes SNAP OPEN -- JERKING THEM HARD UPWARD AS THE RED Kirk approaches -- more terrified than ever -- he comes in hard, too -- SLAMS against the drill edge, bounces but quickly gets his footing -- hits a button on his chute and SLITS appear in the fabric, suddenly there's no more drag and THE CHUTE AUTO- RETRACTS into Kirk's pack -- A REUSABLE PARACHUTE.
BUT SULU ISN'T SO LUCKY: 20 yards from the drill surface his chute gets SNARED IN THE CABLES, JERKING him upside down -- the WIND is so intense Sulu is BLOWN SIDEWAYS -- his CHUTE LINES begin RUBBING on the sharp metal of the suspension rig! Kirk holds on to one of the chute's cables -- yells up: As Kirk tries to climb up, Sulu's cables begin to SNAP! ONE BY ONE -- and Sulu tries to CLIMB BACK using his chute cables, toward the rig -- otherwise he's gonna fly off.
SULU SLIDES DOWN THE CABLE - - JUMPING and tackling the second guard and the shit is ON: our Starfleet heroes battling these Romulans to the death -- and Sulu KICKS OFF AN ANTENNA PIECE and uses it as a SABER -- fucking swashbuckling at 10,000 feet!
He's cut off by a PUNCH to the face.
What looks like a puff of smoke billowing up from the planet's core...  THEN A SHOCKWAVE BLASTS STIRRING INSIDE HIM -- Uhura watches Spock, heartsick for him: She goes after him as he moves to the TURBOLIFT -- HOLOGRAMS of VULCAN UNDER DESTRUCTION -- Nero watching them, pleased.
He turns to Ayel -- The drill platform LURCHES -- begins RETRACTING -- The platform BANKS -- Sulu FALLS BACK, OFF THE PLATFORM -- WITHOUT A CHUTE! Kirk, holding on, watching this wide-eyed -- and knowing what he must do, he RUNS AND JUMPS -- KIRK FALLS FAST, he's only gonna have one shot at this, presses his arms to his sides and ROCKETS downward, building speed, four hundred feet below is Sulu, FREEFALLING -- KIRK moves his feet and hands, angling toward him -- slashing downward at 160 mph, closing like a missile -- the gap between them narrows -- Sulu's 30 feet below him...  5000 feet to the planet surface.
40 ft -- 20 -- 10 -- WHAM! Kirk slams into Sulu in a mid-air tackle -- they TUMBLE TOGETHER -- Kirk's made the grab and locked his arms around Sulu in an iron grip, screams in his face: Sulu DOES -- it opens -- but HOLY FUCK, the double weight RIPS The TRANSPORTER CHIEF works his controls, sweating -- trying to SNAP AROUND as Chekov hears this -- watching his controls -- Uhura watching too -- Chekov suddenly BOLTS -- Uhura watches him race off -- a CREW MEMBER steps into frame: Chekov SPRINTS through CORRIDORS -- ENGINE ROOM -- YELLING: And we take him to: -- where he races to the controls, out of breath, yelling: -- and he begins working the controls -- Kirk and Sulu SPEED-DROPPING -- TERRIFIED -- Chekov's manipulating a joystick-like TARGETING DISPLAY -- trying to match the CROSSHAIRS on the DROPPING FIGURES -- A massive SHEET OF LAVA, MILES HIGH, BURSTS INTO THE SKY -- Kirk and Sulu enter frame, BULLET-WHOOSH right past us, DROPPING -- TIGHT ON CHEKOV as he struggles to lock onto them -- BEEP!
Amanda is here too, kneeling beside Sarek -- and she sees her son, who is now RUNNING toward them -- she stands: Spock rushes up the stairs -- And as they run out, ENORMOUS ROCKS COLLAPSE AROUND THEM -- and they run through the tunnels, the STONE COLLAPSING AROUND THEM -- Spock and the group finally emerge from the tunnels to see -- THE PLANET IS COLLAPSING, COMING TOWARD THEM -- Spock whips open a tri-corder, TREMBLING LIKE CRAZY -- Chekov works the controls: TO DIE -- and Spock, trying to hold it together -- even though their transport hasn't yet begun -- looks at Amanda -- their eyes lock -- THE COLLAPSING GROUND RACING TOWARD THEM -- and in a surreal, intimate moment, Amanda says to Spock, quietly: PUSH IN ON SPOCK, looking at her -- as the LIGHT DARTS start TRACING THEM -- and they begin to EVAPORATE AS THE GROUND DROPS FROM UNDER AMANDA -- AND SHE'S SUCKED DOWN -- AWAY -- as Spock Chekov in a panic at the controls -- -- as the Vulcans MATERIALIZE on the pad, Spock still REACHING for his mother -- but all he gets it the GHOSTLY IMAGE OF HER -- as it lands -- Sarek too...  a mother... a wife...  has been lost.
Kirk ELBOWS him as Chekov reaches for his PHASER but Kirk SLAMS HIM, the phaser DROPS -- Kirk reaches for it but Spock's fingers CLAMP on Kirk's neck: THE VULCAN PINCH: On PIKE'S FACE, strapped to a TABLE.
Pike looks up at him -- quiet rage.
Sees how fucking far GONE he is.
Spock gently places his fingers on Kirk's cheek and temple -- Spock's eyes SNAP SHUT, Kirk JOLTS as if by an electric charge -- and the SCREEN OVEREXPOSES TO WHITE as we CUT TO our MIND MELD A SUPERNOVA.
Tea, sipped inside the Ark -- Now Spock Prime sits in the Jellyfish COCKPIT -- This annoys me, I don't like      -- I know, I know, I'm not it-- do we have to do it like     surprised to hear you complain this--?
QUICK CUTS as he REMOVES RED MATTER FROM Spock loads the CANNISTER with a small amount of RED MATTER into a JETTISON TUBE -- -- and he FIRES THE CANNISTER INTO SPACE -- Spock Prime back in the cockpit -- takes aim on his controls and A BLACK HOLE IS CREATED -- Spock Prime PILOTS TOWARD THE HOLE -- The NARADA and the JELLYFISH aiming for the BLACK HOLE -- Spock Prime watches as the NARADA GOES IN -- LIGHTNING STORM- STYLE DISAPPEARING FIRST -- then SPOCK PRIME'S FACE -- WHITE LIGHT on Spock Prime's face goes away -- he and the Jellyfish are back in SPACE -- -- but now, facing him, is the NARADA.
Off McCoy, fuming -- A fucking BLIZZARD.
A beat -- and the Officer peers from under his hat.
A MASSIVE FUCKING BLENDER.
Spock points to one -- it ENLARGES -- and we see KIRK AND SCOTTY racing through the ship -- Spock's eyes narrow -- he moves to the Captain's chair -- hits comm: INSIDE THE TUBE, SCOTTY TUMBLES, YELLING UNDERWATER as -- Kirk, AT THE PANEL, accesses the RELEASE VALVE CONTROL -- he watches Scotty disappear through a CLEAR SECTION -- Kirk times it -- waiting -- then he HITS THE BUTTON and Scotty DROPS THROUGH THE RELEASE VALVE AND SLAMS TO THE FLOOR -- hurt, wet, but BREATHING, deeply -- Kirk and wet Scotty race through the ship -- only to finally turn a corner and be faced with PHASERS, AIMED RIGHT AT THEM.
Off Kirk -- shit -- WOOSH -- bridge doors open -- Kirk and Scotty are ushered in by the Security Guards.
Spock moves to them, containing his anger and dismay.
Spock blinks -- -- WHAM! SPOCK HAS JUST HIT KIRK -- and Kirk goes to hit back, but Spock fucking DELIVERS A SERIES OF POWERFUL BLOWS -- Security stand back as the Captain attacks...
And Spock is now fucking CHOKING Kirk -- HE SLAMS KIRK AGAINST And everything -- everything -- STOPS.
ON THE FACES OF THE MEN, SUBMITTING TO HIS WILL, our MUSIC BUILDING -- and then, his eyes on Earth like a fucking LION eyes a gazelle-- THE DRILL BAY DOORS open as they LOWER THE PLASMA DRILL.
For a split second they're as shocked as Kirk and Spock, until they ATTACK -- Kirk immediately engages the closest Romulan, struggles -- but Spock's a machine: his palm snaps up CRACKING a nose -- SLAMS a head against the wall -- as battle-ready as the Romulans are, it's like trying to catch a GHOST, Kirk finally knocks his one opponent unconscious, and turns to see it's ALL Kirk and Spock move to a still conscious Romulan as he struggles to get up.
-- punch him in the face -- make him talk!
Spock PUNCHES the Romulan HARD -- and via Uhura's comlink translator, speaks in SUBTITLED ROMULAN: The guard SPITS green blood at Spock, who PUNCHES him again -- The plasma beam SLAMS INTO SAN FRANCISCO BAY -- massive Cadets RUN to see the horrific sight of the plasma beam -- As Uhura returns to the bridge, everyone's stations go DARK -- STATIC on screens -- A ROTATING SHIP SCHEMATIC -- Spock typing at a console, searching -- accesses two inter-cam windows: on one, SPOCK PRIME'S SHIP, THE JELLYFISH -- in a lower containment hold -- on the other: PIKE, unclear if he's dead or alive.
Finally: Kirk exits -- Kirk moves through various areas of the ship -- Spock works the control -- fires up the craft -- LIGHTS COME ON -- he starts it up -- the ship begins to RISE -- and with the enormous JELLYFISH now OPERATING -- FLOATING IN THE HANGAR, Spock turns the ship and FIRES AT THE MASSIVE IRIS DOOR, as -- The ship SHUDDERS from within -- ALARMS -- As the bridge crew fights to regain control: A beat -- the Romulan Commander looks up from his console: OFF Nero's fucking mega rage -- The Narada turns -- accelerates in pursuit of the Jellyfish and AWAY FROM EARTH -- and now we're back to the imagery of the first few moments of the movie -- THE NARADA GAINING ON THE And Nero?
Just grins in perfect contentment...  Nero hurries to the controls -- operates them himself and -- -- FIRE IT DOES -- TORPEDOES BLAST FROM THE HOLD and to the jellyfish, which performs evasive maneuvers -- the torpedoes EXPLODE as -- Kirk moves through shadow into an airlock shaft, starts climbing ladder rungs -- The JELLYFISH TILTS, earth receding far behind it -- Spock veers to avoid being blown apart -- Nero's ship gaining -- firing -- Kirk moves through the space -- into the TORTURE ROOM, where he finds PIKE, CLOSE TO DEATH -- Kirk begins unfastening his binds.
An array EXPLODES -- On Spock -- bad as things are, they just got worse -- his mind SPINS until: And the Jellyfish TURNS -- a new course RIGHT FOR THE NARADA -- CLOSE ON SPOCK, bravely facing certain death -- on a collision course with the Narada -- looks like he's gonna sacrifice himself -- and we assume he'll pull away at the last second, of course he will, but he DOESN'T: As the ship's ROCKED HARD, Nero sees the black hole BUILDING through the cockpit window: IT'S A RUSH, CRAZY, TENSE AS HELL --Uhura, McCoy, a MED TEAM and ND OFFICERS race in as Scotty finishes receiving incoming signals: Kirk transfers Pike to McCoy, who urgently SCANS Pike and barks to a MED-TECH: Everyone's HURLED off their feet -- consoles fry -- FIRE -- Nero's eyes come UNHINGED -- WHOOSH: KIRK and SPOCK race back onto the bridge -- NERO appears on screen from the Narada bridge -- the Narada's on its last legs -- a beat before Nero TURNS, realizing Kirk's fucking GRINNING at him from the screen: The walls are RIPPING AWAY, PYLONS pull free from their moorings, into the ever-expanding sphere -- NERO -- IN THE Leaving only the Enterprise -- its nacelles FLARE as the ship tries to make the quantum leap -- BUT: the black hole's now a TITANIC WHIRLPOOL so insanely strong that the Enterprise is held in place by the gravity well even at warp! IT SHAKES INTO A BLUR, trying to cut loose but it CAN'T -- Scotty SHOUTS BACK into the com against the SCREAMING DRIVE: Scotty SLAMS the activation panel and we see the WARP CORE eject down a tube, like an INSTANT PNEUMATIC RELEASE -- Everyone white-knuckles their seats as the blast DISSIPATES...  and our crew sits, wide-eyed, trembling... finally, truly safe.
The door of the truck is SHUT and we cut to: are now boxed and crated.
Yen immediately slams into the end of his jacuzzi-sized pool.
The Cadillac pulls up three cars behind him.
Rusty snaps his phone shut.
He gets out of his car and slams the door shut.
In other rooms, the guys get themselves settled in.
They look pissed.
Isabel cocks her head.
Vanderspeigle's alarm shuts off.
He sounds as angry as a guy who's whispering can sound.
Frustrated and more exhausted than their detainee, the two detectives leave the interrogation room for the ante-room where Isabel is.
KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK.
KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK.
He crosses to her.
The second he breaks the GREEN LASER, FLOOD LIGHTS blast on all around the BATTLEFIELD.
The CHIEF OF STAFF bangs open a conference room door with his fist as they blow by - veers off and disappears.
FREEZE FRAME on GINA - ZOOM and...  GINA'S BURGER-FREAKING face becomes part of an ANIMATED TITLE In this context it looks like she's freaking serious world affairs.
A HOT YOUNG GIRL in a WET T-SHIRT is SLAMMING a BOTTLE of A MIDDLE-AGED GUY in a shirt and tie is HEADBANGING FURIOUSLY like an extra in a TWISTED SISTER VIDEO.
SWITCH TO: ROWS OF PEOPLE in front of wall-sized VIDEO MONITORS, transfixed, doing a kind of sign language with their hands...  JAPANESE lining up around the block... COLLEGE STUDENTS and OFFICE WORKERS glued to screens...
Explosions, flame throwers, bullet hits...  DUDES screaming, unloading MASS ROUNDS...
CRUNCH.
KABLE watches him, expressionless.
The WOMAN stabs KABLE'S hand with a LANCET - she draws out a little blood.
DISTINCTIVE PRISONER - hands cuffed behind his back, makes                * eye contact with KABLE as he walks by.
An UPSIDE-DOWN CAR comes SLIDING down the street on it's hood and slams into TED NUGENT, VAPORIZING him...  Another five BLUE SOLDIERS are taken out.
From a wider shot, they look like flies on shit...  after checking out the recently deleted, they zip off towards the closest save point... FIFTY beer slamming COLLEGE STUDENTS are going BERSERK...  they've got SLAYERS on a wall-sized screen, pay-per-view... they're high fiving, SMASHING up the place...                                 * KABLE LEAPS for a drainage trench, makes it, and hustles around the back of a burnt out building... Up a stairway - the GHOST FACE on GLASS superimposed on the image - the face is LAUGHING, GIDDY...  KABLE takes up a spot from a second level vantage point - from here we see a small group of BLUES moving down the block, scanning for survivors.
It's a matter of seconds...  KABLE makes a run for it as the floor starts to DISINTEGRATE behind him in a shitstorm of bullets.
An ANNOYING GIRL'S VOICE pops in, along with a VID CHAT SCREEN that takes over the MAIN WALL.
ANGIE strikes an exaggeratedly DEMURE, FLIRTATIOUS POSE - then immediately snaps back to NEUTRALITY.
Much more cramped than SIMON'S ROOM...  like SIMON'S, the room is dominated by a GIANT VIDEO SCREEN, but just the front wall... there are other - smaller, paper thin - screens mounted in various spots and leaning against walls; GARBAGE and TECH GEAR all over the floor.
The HUMANZ message has taken over his screen and he's GOING FUCKING BALLISTIC, throwing shit at it and gesturing crazily to the wall-mounted MOTION SENSORS with his hands, trying to get the image back.
The TV REPORT continues on screen, where a NEWS HOST is backed by a graphic showing the "society is rape" screen with footage of exaggeratedly CONFUSED, FRUSTRATED PLAYERS - they're like the actors in INFOMERCIALS who can't manage to peel a potato without losing their shit.
The SCREAM would be comical if it weren't so HORRIFIC.
KABLE looks over a Swarmer cartridge, slams it into his weapon; switches turrets, takes a bead on a VIRTUAL TARGET...  We see him intentionally PAN THE SIGHT OFF to the left of target; he pulls the trigger - CLICK.
HACKMAN cracks his neck.
KABLE'S eyes narrow - What? HACKMAN disappears; he starts to move along an ADJACENT ROW OF LOCKERS, slamming the doors - SINGING fucking PINOCCHIO: KABLE tenses up, ready for INSTANT VIOLENCE.
Two more BLUES POP OUT of a DITCH on the OPPOSITE SIDE, KABLE ROLLS - BIG AMMO displacing the air just inches above his head and BLOWING OUT the windows/tires of an ABANDONED CAR behind him - switches TURRETS and comes up FIRING...  armor-piercing shells: BOOM.
An ad for slayers is running - KABLE, in cinematic slo-mo, and superimposed in wall-height block letters: And then: ANGIE sits uncomfortably in a hard plastic chair; the light is flat, fluorescent... in front of her, behind a desk, is a no-nonsense Social Services CASEWORKER, late 30s, CUBAN.
ANGIE is hanging on...  be pleasant, be friendly, breathe... but INSIDE she wants to cry, to scream, to fucking EXPLODE.
Behind KABLE a DOOR SLIDES OPEN automatically, revealing a CONCRETE TUNNEL, like the PLAYERS' entrance to a FOOTBALL STADIUM...  the WHITE LIGHT is BLINKING ON and OFF... SOLDIERS sprint for the daylight, trying to escape the TORTURE...  it's KABLE grabs the bottle from his pocket, struggling to maintain as the LIGHT slams into his brain, AGONY.
A SHELL SMACKS KABLE'S shoulder, knocking him off his feet; the armor absorbs it, but he's out of time...  he's shooting air...
He busts out the DRIVER'S SIDE WINDOW, gets in; tears open the steering column - A BLUE SLAYER shows up in the mirror - fuck! - He CRANKS THE BOOOM!
VRUUUUUM, VRUUUM...  KABLE hammers on the pedal again, knocking out the old ghosts - VRROOOOOOMM!!
Everybody whips out a buck, and throws it on the table.
He lies in the backseat.
Mr. Pink sees Mr. Orange on the floor, shot and bloody.
Mr. Pink turns toward him in time to get PUNCHED hard in the mouth.
As Mr. White SWINGS and PUNCHES, he SCREAMS: Mr. Pink YELLS as he HITS: The two men end up on the floor KICKING and SCRATCHING.
Mr. White calms down and puts his gun away.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Joe's on his feet yelling at them.
Stealer's Wheel's hit "Stuck in the Middle with You" PLAYS over the speaker.
The HANDHELD camera WHIPS to the right and we see the bloody Mr. Orange FIRING his gun.
The crooks are enjoying the hell out of it.
The CAMERA PANS away from the sheriffs to Freddy, up against the urinal, playing possum, pretending to piss.
Freddy finishes his playing possum piss, and walks past the sheriffs over to the sink.
Freddy gets into the car and it pulls into traffic.
The car reacts badly.
Freddy shits a brick.
Guns FIRING, people SHOUTING and SCREAMING, sirens WAILING, glass BREAKING...
A bloody SCREAMING Mr. Brown FALLS out.
They stop in their tracks.
The cop slumped over in his chair, a bloody mess, Mr. Orange lying at the cop's feet, holding his wound.
Then the SOUND of a BULLHORN yells out: We now hear SIRENS, the SOUNDS of more CARS DRIVING UP, MEN RUNNING to the warehouse.
Now a press card dangles from his neck.
Redtop and her five table workers - clothed now, the surgical masks dangling from their necks - wiping down table surfaces, scales and apparatus.
Hot.
In alleyways it's cooked up and sucked into syringes, and in dank, grim, indescribably filthy rooms, plunged into veins - 10 and 20 dollar bills changing hands - decks of cash rubber-banded together - put into envelopes and delivered to the Lucas brothers, to: Piles of cash.
TIME CUT: A money-counting machine flips through the bills, its counter flying.
Tape them shut.
The cop sucks up a line before pretending to cuff Jimmy.
The mechanic tries to protest and Trupo slaps him down with his pistol.
He grabs a gun and she runs for the stairs - He chases her into the street, yelling, raises the gun and fires, and she goes down, clutching at her butt, moaning - Moaning here, too.
Richie reaches the apartment just as Teddy is goes out onto an exterior balcony - Richie continues along the interior corridor, running parallel to Teddy on the balcony, who trips over some debris and garbage, looking over his shoulder for Richie - Richie cuts through another apartment to head him off, but the door to the balcony is nailed shut.
Frank has never been so frustrated by anyone in his life.
The others stop.
Surly.
Still cannot let the insult go.
Screaming, on his feel, protesting in disbelief.. REVIE shaking hands with his COLLEAGUES.
Deflated.
CLOUGH turns to JOHNNY GILES.. CLOUGH turns to NORMAN HUNTER...  PLAYERS stare at one another.
He is immediately flanked by other aggressive Leeds PLAYERS.
CLOUGH lies on the floor.
Disrespecting him.
SAM LONGSON, (late 60's.), Chairman of Derby County approaches, visibly angry.. LONGSON turns and double-takes....  CLOUGH smiles.. `Flash', DAVE MACKAY, JOHN MCGOVERN and JOHN O'HARE wearing Derby strip, poses under the Derby County sign for photographs with CLOUGH and TAYLOR.. CLOUGH and TAYLOR watch from the touchline as their new team led by MACKAY plays in a match.
The Leeds coach had pulled up and the players are all having a piss-break.
BREMNER, GILES AND HUNTER turn.
PETER TAYLOR is left alone.
This is intolerable.
Angry.
But several of the LEEDS PLAYERS refuse his hand.
A beat.
She grabs a stunned Toby -- who is carrying some packages toward the pie shop: She spots Mrs. Lovett emerging from the pie shop and explodes in desperation, pointing madly: Toby pulls away from her, as she begins to scuttle off: She appeals to other pedestrians as she goes: Toby turns to consider the horrible black smoke belching from the chimney of the pie shop.
Todd immediately hurls himself into a chair and begins writing a letter, his violent scrawl slashing across the page.
THEY are now YELLING above the rotor noise.
JOHN TULD comes to the door and knocks lightly.
WILL climbs into the car and shuts the door.
Finally she makes a forced noise like a sob, but it isn't real and she knows it.
JOHN walks dramatically into the middle of the floor and then into the middle of the row in the dead middle of the floor.
There is a knock on his door.
Sam curses to himself.
Sam shuts off the message before Overmeyers can pipe out his last line.
Sam taking his FRUSTRATION out on the little white ball.
Cursing under his breath the whole time: "Shit, piss, fuck... " Sam sits in a chair as Gerty tends to his scolded left hand.
He FLIES to his feet -- growling with frustration -- STORMS out of the room.
Sam 2 slaps his paddle on his thigh, his temper creeping up on him.
A meaner group of sons-of-bitches you have never seen.
Toby sullen; Caroline angry.
Toby opens a screenless window and points the gun up into the night sky, pretending to fire it over and over.
The instant the front door slams: We hear SCREAMING.
Atop a small hill, both boys jump off, letting the TRICYCLES SMASH into a parked car.
He is pretending that he's buck-toothed.
There are a couple of whistles as Caroline takes her position, and someone in the crowd yells out, "Oh, Mama, shake that thang!" Caroline ignores it, taking her shooting stance, which is surprisingly graceful and professional-looking.
Furious, Toby says    "Fuck you" over and over.
He pulls out a rat-tail and    scratches the words "FUCK YOU" onto the soft paint of    the bathroom wall.
Immediately Dwight SNAPS IT off.
Dwight doesn't slow down, and the TIRES begin to SCREAM on the curves.
What the hell does   it mean?
There are THREE TREMEN- DOUSLY LOUD FLAT-FOOTED KICKS against the front door.
The fight is on.
Arthur throws   punches sidearm, with lots of wrist action, but there are   so many of them.
Their faces are gleeful but he doesn't care what the hell they think.
Arthur immediately turns and walks away, but Toby ignores them and walks away in the opposite direction, delivering his hated newspapers.
Without warning, Toby lunges at Dwight, screaming "HAH!" trying for the man's throat.
Then she puts her finger on the door and slowly pushes it shut with one finger.
A furious Caroline raises her head, doubles up both fists, and yells.
Calmly,     in total control, she takes a PLATE and SMASHES it against    the countertop.
Before he finishes the sentence, Caroline SMASHES a GLASS on the countertop.
-- Janey, I take my hat off to you.
Am I interrupting...? Hi.
We're divorced!
While you were choking?
I mean, I heard "hate" had top billing, but... Oh my God, you're smoking weed in the guest bathroom.
I hate that you're being so distant.
She exaggerates.
So, I experimented with a part of myself.
The doorman tips his hat and opens the door.
Charlottes SCREAMS at the top of her lungs.
Charlotte SCREAMS.
Miranda looks furious.
Tension.
Upset.
He hangs up.
The gang is there.
His voice can no longer hide his quiet rage.
Hurting.
Charlie wants to scream for her to stop.
His brother and mother.
His face twisting with rage, he hurries after Tommy.
Nor did Dodge.
They're surprisingly unglamorous -- exposed pipes, white- washed brick walls, dumpsters, pizza carry-outs -- and through them move the legislators and their staffs.
The door creeps shut behind him.
Anna slams the door shut, leaving Zoey and Quinn outside.
She hits the roof of her vehicle in anger Zoey jumps up and screams.
That girl you talked to was "pants crapping nuts".
Fucking Ryan Blood!
Your friends are fucking whack.
Anna SCREAMS. Louis restrains her against a wall.
He jumps up and screams in anger.
He let's out a loud scream.
You can hear her muffled screams as they fill the room.
I think you're a fucking nut bag.
Other than she fucked you guys up.
Then she has you fuck Quinn over.
Louis is irritated.
This is fucked.
That makes total fucking sense.
Color me stupid!
Zoey stops.
Luke picks up a rag and wipes fingerprints off the fender.
He's lying on the ground, shirtless among bits of garbage.
The FEMALE DRIVER - GRINS MANIACALLY UP at Luke as the CAR HORN SCREAMS by.
Barbells on the floor.
Luke dodges and weaves, slugging a makeshift punching bag.
Hearing something behind him, he turns as Max PUNCHES him in the stomach, knocking the wind out of him.
Luke picks the cue ball up off the floor and sets it on the table.
Janine gives him a look of "What the hell are you talkin' about?"
Janine ushers Max out the door and shuts it on him.
Luca ducks into the bedroom, shuts the door.
Luca sits on the edge of the bed, frustrated.
Janine lies down on the floor.
Bikes and SUV's outside the shut down mill.
Luke surges with RAGE, breaks free.
He crushes the can and hurls it, SMACKING a garbage can.
A KNOCK at the door.
She glances back, sad and angry.
Keenan steals a glance at Janine.
The EEG remains flat.
He's dead.
It's time to quit.
Walls throws Noel against the bus, knocks him down, sets to kicking him.
Maria SCREAMS.
Frank looks up at the screaming mother: it's not her face.
The elevator jerks to a stop; the doors open.
They pass an open door where inside TIGER, a fat man with dried blood running down the corner of his mouth, sits punching computer keys at a desk.
In the NEXT ROOM Mary lies on a mattress on the floor, yellow sheet pulled up to her neck.
Frank passing Griss holding back an angry Hispanic man with a bleeding arm: Frank walks over to unit three, Mr. Burke's cubicle, pulls back the curtain.
Noel SCREAMS.
His colleague gets up and shuts the door.
Lenny is at the bar on his own looking at the papers and picking at the nuts.
DANNY slaps him again, it's weak.
Archy huffs and goes over to slap him proper, SLAP! Bandy's disappeared into another dimension.
Everyone protests.
Back to the table, everyone's ears prick up at the name.
The TWO SLOANES are lowered into the river protesting.
A little look from One Two like "Oh you're taken the piss", then a realization that he isn't.
He does a quick moon walk, he's taking the piss.
Ciggy falling out of his mouth, he sort of takes the piss out of himself, smiles "tough Johnny," the WASTER backs off he doesn't want junkie madness.
The BOUNCER smashes a big bouncer punch right on Pete's nose.
We CUT TO THE BAND who is going mad.
He is punch drunk with mace in his eyes, but extracts a machine gun from under his jacket.
Deep hate fills his eyes as One Two makes a fool out of him, CHECHNYAN 2 will remember this man.
"Oh shit."
He is on a motorbike that he has stolen.
Talley lifts a dedicated crisis phone that's been hardlined into the house, his tone reasonable and friendly -- A phone crashes through the window and lands in the front yard -- Frustrated, Talley slumps back against the van as the SWAT Intelligence Officer, Lloyd Keith, scuttles up to them -- Up at the house, George Edward Malik steps into the window.
are peering out the shutters when -- Mars suddenly shouts -- Mars opens fire, shooting through the window as -- kicks the door closed and fires through the door, Jennifer screaming, as -- tumbles backward, struggling weakly to pull his gun as blood bubbles in his mouth.
He fishtails off the lawn and up the street -- The ambulance waits as Talley powers to a stop -- Paramedics pull Mike Welch from the car as Talley gets out.
He drops the case into the drawer, then lifts out a thick booklet -- Dennis slaps the book aside, even more angry -- Dennis suddenly screams at Mars and Kevin -- Dennis snaps.
He's on his cell phone, with Jorgenson nearby -- Intercut Dennis on the phone in Walter's office -- Dennis peers through the shutters -- Dennis shoots a guilty glance at Walter, then lies -- Talley cups the phone to tell Jorgenson -- The phone clicks in Talley's ear as Dennis slams down the phone -- Dennis is livid with fear and rage.
There's a minimum of bullshit; these people are professionals -- Ken Seymore is an intense, compact man who talks fast -- Duane Manelli speaks up -- Gayle Devarona, one of the women, leans forward -- She tosses a yellow legal pad onto the table -- Mike Ruiz joins in -- Howell tears Talley's address off the yellow pad.
Mars is standing over him, profoundly unmoved -- Mars turns away from the money to consider the monitors and the door -- Mars walks away -- Dennis and Mars are returning to the front of the house, Dennis irritated at Mars's lack of enthusiasm -- Dennis grabs Mars by the arm, stopping him -- Mars continues on without responding, Dennis angrily following -- Kevin is grimly watching news coverage of their standoff as Mars and Dennis enter.
Dennis catches her in two steps and backhands her exactly the way his old man used to smack his old lady, knocking her to the floor -- Thomas charges into Dennis like an angry midget.
For an instant, we think he's going to hit the boy--but he smashes off the door knob, instead.
Talley closes his eyes with a blissful expression as a familiar sound fills the bathroom; he's taking a piss.
He pulls out his phone and punches the speed dial.
He's been blindsided by this insane shit, but he knows better than to move -- The man on the driver's side gets into the backseat, then the Watchman gets into the passenger side.
Talley's expression tells us that this is the weirdest shit he's ever heard -- The Watchman puts the white cell phone into Talley's hand -- The Watchman and the others get out of Talley's car.
The doors slam shut.
The camera finds the photograph of Talley during his days as a SWAT tactical officer -- He was one bad motherfucker.
Talley gives him a slip of paper -- Anders glances at the slip again, then tucks it away -- Anders climbs out and Talley rockets away -- Talley pulls up behind the Sheriffs' command van.
He lifts the phone and punches a number -- Talley is by himself, pacing at the curb well away from the other officers.
She's pissed off and she wants answers -- Talley glares at her, half-a-heartbeat from going off, and then he throttles back -- Martin weighs the determination in his eyes.
She's angry, she's resentful, and she wants to knock Talley onto his ass-- but, instead, she glances back to her van -- Dennis steps through the double doors that open from the entry and admires the room--rich paneled walls, soft leather couches and chairs, and a lush beaten-copper bar.
He pounds the hood, cursing, awash in rage and frustration -- And then a phone rings.
He grabs his brother and the two of them fall over the coffee table, Dennis hammering Kevin in a furious rage until he runs out of gas -- Dennis gets up and steps back -- Beaten and whimpering, Kevin crawls away.
As he turns into York Estates, he's stopped by one of his officers, Dale Cooper.
Mars raises the hammer, then brings it down, smashing Dennis over and over -- Thomas emerges from the closet to see the carnage in the hall:  Mars over Dennis, grunting like a pig as he turns Dennis into pulp, and Jennifer crawling away, splattered with blood -- Thomas pulls the gun from his pants and darts past Mars into the hall -- Thomas grabs Jennifer's arm and pulls her toward the stairs -- Mars heaves to his feet and turns after them -- Thomas jerks up the pistol with both hands -- Mars stops, blood dripping from his face and hands and the hammer.
They run straight into -- Jennifer and Thomas slam the door and throw the bolts just as Mars crashes into the door -- Jennifer and Thomas have made it.
He is shirtless and glistening, screaming maniacally is he fires his gun -- Talley and Jones fire in unison, pounding Mars with bullets and knocking him into the fire.
He fights his way to the security door, which is covered with flames -- Talley expects that Jones will help, but Jones is aiming his gun -- But before Jones can kill Talley, Mars heaves himself up from the flames, firing wildly.
Talley turns back to the burning door and douses the flames with his fire extinguisher -- Thomas and Jennifer jerk open the door, but shrink from the heat.
He is thrown by getting this call -- This throws Howell, too.
The Fat Man staggers, and Talley wraps an arm around his neck in a choke hold, running him at the door -- Talley rams the Fat man into the door, knocking it open and shoving the Fat Man through -- Talley explodes through the door with the Fat Man in front of him like a shield -- Glen Howell jerks out his pistol as he drops behind the bed.
He has his back to the wall and the Fat Man in front of him -- All three men are sucking air like freight engines.
top.location.href=location.href
Angry, she points with her band while the students turn their heads to watch what will happen next.
Traffic noise is heard in the background.
The two men follow, still talking over the traffic noise.
Alvy, reacting to the man's loud monologue, starts to get annoyed, while Annie begins to read her newspaper.
She gets annoyed and continues to read.
The lobsters continue to crawl on the floor.
She zooms down the wrong lane, cars swerving out of her way.
Grammy Hall stares down the table at Alvy; a look of utter dislike.
They both stop in the middle of the street.
His mother is polishing a door while Alvy lies on the floor playing.
Putting the car in gear, he inadvertently moves forward, hitting a bunch of trash cans with a loud crash.
Sally writes them down, throws them in a bowler hat.
People hoot, throw their cocktail napkins.
She offers the hat.
Jerry reaches into the hat.
Mac begins to sob.
Mac begins to tremble, sob convulsively.
Panes and Skye are fucking on Joe and Sally's bed.
MUMBLE's PARENTS are talking to the TEACHER.
The Skuas stop momentarily.
Frustrated, they turn on the FIRST SKUA, squabbling and whacking each other with their wings.
They stand in a group talking excitedly until the lead penguin, Caruso, walks up and everyone falls silent With solemn gravity, CARUSO throws his flippers into the air and shouts.
The ADELIES TAUNT the bulky creature like matadors The frustrated Leopard Seal snaps and snarls impotently.
They punch and bump each other playfully.
He takes her by the shoulders Shes upset.
MUMBLE kicks a bunch of pebbles at him.
LOVEDAY gurgles and points wildly to the SIX-PACK PLASTIC round his neck.
It is MUMBLE.
Mumble yells and shoots to the surface.
This place is beginning to upset him.
The Mother shouts in disbelief.
A squawking Mumble is thrust inside and the lid slams shut on him.
Jade wakes up--mad.
Tina, having heard enough, closes the door on her mother's ranting and raving.
Nilda slams the door.
It's too hot.
POW!
She's kicking and screaming furiously.
Ella starts to punch Ahmad, and chases after him.
Charlie pulls his flooded car over to the curb, jumps out, and runs to get hold of Cee and Punchy.
Charlie drives away, fuming.
AWWW SHIT!
We hear a key in the door, the lock turns and Mookie enters.
His batteries have had it.
He looks up at Mother Sister who immediately turns away.
CLOSE--COCONUT SID, ML, and SWEET DICK WILLIE All three shake their heads in bewilderment as Radio Raheem goes by.
Both are thrown as they are hit by the reckless driver.
Carmen stares at him, it's a look that would definitely stop traffic, she mutters some Spanish and goes into her bedroom, slamming the door behind her.
Now he doesn't give a fuck anymore.
The tangled mass of choking, biting, kicking, screaming confusion flies through the door of Sal's out onto the sidewalk.
Officers Long and Ponte kick him.
The cops, in their haste to get Radio Raheem out of there, have left an angry mob of Black folks with a defenseless Sal, Vito, and Pino.
Mookie picks up a garbage can and dumps it out into the street.
Mookie hurls the garbage can through the plate glass window of Sal's Famous Pizzeria.
The rage of a people has been unleashed, a fury.
A lone garbage can thrown through the air has released a tidal wave of frustration.
It's a stalemate.
Edie comes out behind him, fuming mad.
Strausz watches the road, expressionless.
The hammer punches three huge holes in the windshield and finally caves it in.
Kujan steps out into the hall, shutting the door behind him.
Everyone turns to the door behind them.
It is quiet, except for the sounds of screaming, far off in the bowels of the boat and the hum of the crane.
He screams like a lunatic, shooting everything in his path, killing some men with his bare hands, shooting others, stabbing others still with a knife he has brought along.
JAIME, one of the men from the boat, is half-pushing, half- helping a thin and sweaty looking MAN IN A CHECKERED BATHROBE towards a cabin at the end of the hall.
Jaime pushes him inside the cabin and shuts the door.
Jaime squints and cocks his head.
The sound of fire raging out of control.
It hits the floor with the SMASH of cheap porcelain.
She immediately softens and tries to become more "refined."
Rayette pulls off her rental shoes and throws them to the floor.
He casually slaps the outside of the door.
The assholes are going nowhere and other cars close up behind and to both sides of Bobby's car.
He suddenly throws the car into "park"...  ... opens the door and gets out.
He reaches behind her and pushes the door shut.
In the b.g., Elton gets up and hurls his hard hat toward Bobby.
The second man pushes Elton aside and as Bobby throws a punch at him...  ... the other grabs him from behind, holding him, while the second man jams a fist into his stomach and, as he doubles over, follows with a violent chop to the back of his neck.
They stop at the stairway.
Returning his gaze to her: An audible sob finally comes from her. Bobby quickly picks up the suitcase and moves out of the bedroom and down the hall.
She leans forward, looking annoyed.
The car pulls into a motel parking slot and stops.
It pulls to a stop behind two other cars.
He throws his napkin on the table, gets up and leaves the room.
lying huddled on the boardwalk next to the boat slips.
The blocked cars behind each of them begin HONKING impatiently and CONTINUE TO under the following: A DRIVER behind Bobby sticks his bead out the window, yelling furiously at him: He looks back at her not responding.
Spicer goes into sudden rage, pushing Bobby violently toward the door and yelling: Bobby leaps at him and as their struggle carries them into the kitchen, Tita begins yelling: Spicer gets Bobby into a painful headlock and is being bulled around the kitchen by him.
top.location.href=location.href
He puts down the cream.
Babylon Lanes."
Theo walks into an empty run-down forty lane bowling alley carrying his ball bag.
SID and BREEZE, two shady looking guys in a basement-sale suits walk up lane dividers towards Theo.
Theo's temper is rising, he breathes deeply.
A man screams and glass smashes.
P.O.V. shot running desperately through the house, knocking things over, smashing things.
The scream is cut off.
Footsteps recede, a door slams, and a car drives away.
Theo SLAMS the door shut.
A gust of wind pulls the screen door open, then SLAMS it shut.
Theo picks up a golf ball from the floor.
The priest clears his throat with a loud AHEM.
Bowlers stop and hold their balls at their sides.
One by one, balls drop to the lanes again and pins start CRASHING.
He wears his halo hat.
SHEPHERD stops him.
Trying -- the way a jumper on a window ledge tries not to look down -- trying not to notice things like the JFK Desk, the Seal of the President of the United States, the bust of Lincoln...  SHEPHERD strides in-- SYDNEY heads for the door-- SYDNEY, with as much dignity as she can muster, leaves the Oval Office.
As SYDNEY walks in, A.J. goes to her immediately.
He hangs up.
The CROWD goes nuts upon hearing Rumson's signature phrase-- And as the CROWD loses its mind, we It is very early, and SHEPHERD is still asleep.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
SYDNEY wads up some paper and flings it at David to shut him up.
She hangs up.
He hangs up.
Scattered STAFF and MARINE PERSONNEL hold their hats to their heads against the wind that MARINE-1 kicks up as it touches down on the helicopter pad.
SHEPHERD and SYDNEY sit and watch... knowing they're about to take a punch...powerless to stop it...  SHEPHERD clicks off the T.V.
ROBIN and KODAK are trying to get their friend from setting fire to a bridge out of pure frustration.
Even before that line starts ringing, he picks up another phone and punches in a different set of numbers.
SYDNEY heads out the door-- And SYDNEY is out the door...  ...we HOLD on SHEPHERD, looking like a man who's taken a lot of punches to the heads...
A rack of billiard balls explodes from the break.
SHEPHERD gets down over the ball-- SHEPHERD smacks the ball, BULL'S-EYE.
SHEPHERD gets down over the ball...  ...but instead of the cue hitting the ball, it's A.J.'s palms slamming the cue against the table.
who's picked up the receiver from a wall phone and punches in four numbers.
He quickly shuts the door, holding his breath.
He plugs his ear with his finger to block the traffic and city commotion - Ben hangs up the phone.
Slightly annoyed, the little boy places the eyes on the snowman.
Noticeably irritated, she goes up to the second floor.
Amy is left alone- Through the window, she watches Ben exit the house and get into his car.
In his bed, Ben wakes up with a jolt- THE ENCOUNTER WITH GARY Knock, knock, knock... Somebody is knocking at his door.
Amy is left alone with Ben.
A TINY DROP OF BLOOD is dripping from one of the cracks.
He turns immediately- The bloodied bathroom is still and silent.
Having found a weak spot, Ben savors his sweet victory when, suddenly, something inconceivable unfolds before his very eyes- Ben's shock and disbelief give way to rage.
With the phone cradled between his ear and shoulder he is in the middle of a heated conversation- Ben hangs up the phone and remains in front of the wall covered with clippings for a moment.
Amy is left alone to clean up breakfast.
He stands up, and flying into a rage, he becomes brutal and hysterical- Terrence becomes uncontrollable.
Ben flies into a rage.
* ON A DOOR LOCK as he inserts his key and HEARS: Raizo turns to his LANDLADY, an older woman who looks up at him from the top of the stairwell.
Lying.
He scoffs.
Raizo screams.
He pushes into the room and slams the door behind him.
On the passing floors, we hear doors being opened and shut, footsteps, the distant murmur of voices.
She crawls towards the spilled contents of her suitcase, towards the gun.
They move towards her until a kick sends her gun flying.
Braille from the blow that Raizo used to cut the ninja.
After a moment he begins to piss, moaning slightly as he does.
The Kingpin continues to enjoy his piss but as we look at him we see the door behind him silently swing open, revealing Raizo.
The dryer stops, the sound of the piss dribbling when the Kingpin suddenly looks back over his shoulder- Raizo strikes but the kingpin is able to deflect the blow which sinks into his enormous body.
He smashes a fist into Raizo that slams him backwards.
Soon both are covered in blood, and gore.
He hasn't tasted his own blood in years, and the anger boils up in his eyes.
He cocks an eyebrow.
He pulls the garbage bag from the wastepaper basket.
They ad-lib responses: Fucking' A sir...  Locked, cocked and ready to rock.
The man guarding Raizo's cell door screams.
More screams and gunfire shake the shock from her.
She slides in pulling the door shut behind her as quietly as she can-- And waits.
Mika screams throwing the car into gear-- Peeling out toward the down ramp.
A scream is followed by a gout of blood that washes over the sunroof-- The ninja's body tumbling off the back of the car.
The door snaps open.
When -- The door is thrown open -- a black man, WILLIE, 40, with a suitcase stands wildly upset, screaming back into the house.
His rage has quickly turned into a quiet, intense, unsettling focus.
A twitch.
The REVOLVER FIRES with a violent kick.
Cobb grabs a bottle of Digoxin pills and flings it across the room in a rage.
Stump stares at the sleeping volcano of a man, and when Cobb starts snoring heavily, he rises, pulls on a coat, scarf, and hat, and heads out the door.
The black Chrysler rushes down the mountain into the raging storm.
Stump's car creeps along the edge of a deep ravine that plunges to a raging, icy river.
Cobb and the catcher immediately start punching and in seconds, a brawl breaks out, both benches clearing.
Cut-out letters read:    "COBB - YOU'RE DEAD" Cobb puffs on a cigar defiantly as he reads his hate mail.
Until: THUD -- the car slams into a bank of snow.
A WOMAN, 30s, stands at the counter in the middle of some dispute with the clerk.
He looks up to see: Cobb reading the pages in a rage.
A disaster.
He is very unsure.
The room swirls in front of him as -- Cobb grabs Ramona, pulling his everpresent gun from his pocket as he does.
Cobb throws Ramona to the floor and locks the door.
She ducks as his fist slams through the headboard.
Arriving at a craps table, Cobb barges right in.
Cobb on the table with a gun as Stump and police officers scramble to grab his gun hand.
BLAM, BLAM, BLAM -- the gun is FIRED REPEATEDLY into the ceiling fixtures, into the mirrors above the tables.
Her calico cat D'ARTAGNAN, 9, skeptical and easily annoyed, stares up at her. Abby, now in pajamas, flosses her teeth.
* Mike scoffs, but he's thrown.
Abby is pissed.
She fumes, jabbing the earpiece in his ear.
Abby hates herself.
A pissed Abby sits in the cab, having a conversation with herself.
Abby rolls her eyes, still angry with him.
Abby sits there, fuming that he's right.
Mike shoots him a "shut up" look.
Abby cocks her head, intrigued by Mike's reaction.
Abby fumes -- then does her self hating spazzy dance.
In the midst of this, the elevators try to close but their furious groping blocks it, until -- A shrill BUZZING begins.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
He KNOCKS on Abby's door.
Resigned, she picks up her bag and walks on board.
Everyone nods in annoyed agreement; everyone except the Boom man who appears to be following the music with the mike, bopping to it through the headphones.
Nick turns to the crew in rage.
Suddenly he stops in the center of the demolished set and lets out a long, wrenching scream.
Palomino slips out the door.
Instantly the film cuts from color to B/W.
Palomino suddenly punches Wolf in the teeth, dropping him like a stone.
The Gaffer waits a moment then slips his script out of his back pocket and slaps it into Palomino's motionless hand.
As Palomino stares at him blankly, the Gaffer slams the door.
Tito appears extremely annoyed.
The flats are painted fire-engine red.
The fake door opens and Tito enters wearing his top hat and carrying a golden apple in his gloved hands.
The Gaffer turns on the smoke machine which emits a pathetic wisp of smoke that immediately dissipates.
Just as Tito gets to his mark the smoke machine backfires with a tremendous explosion and begins filling the room with dense, blinding smoke.
Tito hurls his top hat and gloves to the floor and walks out.
He stands grinning like an idiot as the applause continues.
Throw everything we have at them.
Smell that?
Ridiculous.
Stop this thing.
I'll pretend it's you.
Hes looking for you right now, hell see you!
I hate this.
Everything is destroyed, everything!
How I curse that day, how I curse it.
Noise inside the classroom returns immediately.
If ass white bitch mad 'cause          h she can't come over my house.
ome that you would like to I don't be coming to this           talk about, you should feel bitch's house in Weschesser.
If you I'll be damned.
White bitch wanna       caring for your child is visit.
Precious looks both angry and disappointed.
... A hand shuts off a shower .
Finally, she dashes for the front door, throws open the locks and bolts out of the apartment slamming the door behind her.
Shit! Busted.
My mother usta coconut head peoples do.
The air is sucked out of the room.
Ms. Rain opens it immediately.
Ms. Rain writes immediately.
ABDUL SCREAMS louder.
THUD!
As she trounces the woman, Precious' eyes fill with a rage we haven't yet seen.
The SWAT snipers take this weapon movement as an aggressive act and FIRE into the merc, the BULLETS RIPPING into him.
As we hear the DOOR SHUT and SOMEONE COMES UP the aluminum extension ladder.
Roberts grabs him by the collar and slams him into the wall, then pushes him out the door with a kick in the ass.
He grabs the briefcase and tosses it out after him and locks the door.
A BOEING 777 SCREAMS overhead.
The attorney, pissed, walks back into the interrogation room.
Stanley is pissed.
Slam!
Ginger topless, weapon in hand and Stanley who looks like he had the shit kicked out of him.
He pulls on another door and it is locked.
Smack.
Stan SCREAMS left into another alley.
Reisman ducking, his cigar falling from his mouth, has to fight to hold on to his ridiculous fishing hat.
We see -- a "traffic cop" directing foot traffic, waving his arms like crazy so both sides move at once -- a column of marching along in formation -- a chain of ants letting down a We join Z, a worker ant with issues.
The handmaidens are appalled.
A Foreman comes striding down the line, furious.
A livid Formica is stalking over towards them.
People shout and scream, as Z backs up with the Princess... into the kitchen.
HOLD ON: the GARBAGE CHUTE EXIT.
The foreman moves up the line, BERATING the workers, yelling at them to dig faster.
But his screams are muffled in the water.
As The tracker ant is going nuts.
One of the commandoes puts his hand over the tracker's mouth to shut him up.
For a moment, Formica looks furious.
The entire structure collapses into the angry waters below, which seem furious to have missed their prey...
Formica is furious.
It suddenly explodes with a resounding ring-once, twice, three times.
A steaming shower fills the room.
DANTE tries to jam the key into the window shutter lock.
Suddenly, a loud blast is heard, and white powder explodes over the throng.
She slaps him.
VERONICA stands, letting DANTE'S head hit the floor.
He storms out.
An angry WOMAN opens the door and pokes her head in.
She storms out.
DANTE gives RANDAL a shove to shut him up.
RANDAL pops his head in and makes the loud slurping noise again.
An orange ball is slapped back and forth by a blade.
RANDAL pulls his mask on and slaps his glove, urging a shot.
JAY and SILENT BOB deal to a player: he drops money over the ledge and JAY throws up a dime bag.
DANTE and RANDAL run from the front door, closely chased by a small crowd of angry mourners.
Car locks are slammed down.
The car screams away.
The pursuing crowd stands in the middle of the street, shaking their fists, throwing things.
The car pulls up and RANDAL and DANTE get out.
DANTE lies on the floor alone.
RANDAL exits and locks the door behind him.
RANDAL throws his fists into DANTE'S midriff, throwing him back into the magazine rack.
RANDAL grabs Italian bread and smacks it into DANTE'S face as he rushes him blindly.
JOHN walks behind the counter, stepping over DANTE'S body on the floor, and takes the money out of the register.
DANTE continues to lie on the floor.
Horner opens the car door for Jill, shuts it.
He looks out the window, grunts: "Shit!"
Frankie LaCoy bullshits with two long-haired locals at a nearby table; their conversation drifts in and out.
He winces.
Pop cocks his fist.
Wade finishes: Alma punches her computer.
She punches again: only three items.
Margie stands, upset.
Then, the electronic mist begins to engulf the planet, and we hear the horrible sounds of destruction.
BLASTS of enemy fire continue to rock the crows nest as Perceptor answers He is FIRING at ARMORED DOOR, trying to melt through when he reacts to SOUND of Blaster's broadcast for help, stops, and looks up at CROWS NEST.
as Springer LOADS TORPEDOES ONTO CATAPULT LIKE SLING as it HURLS FLAMING TORPEDO BOMBS one after the other out the launch port and we FOLLOW THEM TO MEGATRON AND OTHER DECEPTICONS waiting for Devastator to open the way as a succession of torpedo-bombs explode, knocking them aside, some of the Torpedo-Bombs strike...  as Optimus Prime's Space Shuttle hurtles in.
As he talks he shoots at a swarm of Decepticons who battle their way towards him.
Then he turns and sees...  his eyes blazing with hatred.
Megatron tosses Hot Rod aside like a rag doll and stands above the dying Prime.
Over the battle.
The Decepticon plane looks slightly ridiculous with cloak on his shoulders and Thrust and Ramjet at his side, weapons held high, but ready for action should anybody question Starscream's rule.
Only a pair of boots remain on the floor.
Cyclonus' Jets fire on it, as we CHANGE ANGLE ON ULTRA MAGNUS' SHUTTLE It roars up behind Cyclonus' jets and overtakes and smashes through them, scattering them as it pulls up alongside the Dinobot shuttle Grimlock is peering out of the side ports.
As it explodes, flinging the Autobots inside down toward the Quintesson's planet.
The ROBOTOID SQUID is tearing Kup to pieces and tossing the pieces across the ocean floor with its silvery metal tentacles He transforms and blasts...  ... Wraps his tentacles around Hot Rod and starts crushing...  ... Hot Rod looks like he's about to be crushed, but he...  ... Shoots ...  Its hideous Optical Sensor.
Daniel clips "cage" of Exo-Suit shut and stands up inside the gridwork which makes him taller and broader.
They charge Kup and Hot Rod Kup and Hot Rod fire into them, destroying several, but are....  ... Soon overrun.
...      Ultra Magnus stops next to him... ...  Suddenly, shots tear into the junk all around them as... ROARS towards them...
He shoots at the junk walls.
Then, he fires back at Galvatron... ...  Hitting him as he transforms back to humanoid mode and angering him.
The middle-aged driver is in a tuxedo with a rumpled shirt and cocked bow tie.
She glances over her shoulder, and at the sight of the monster bearing down on her, screams and runs to the exit.
She stomps his foot, and smoothly wheels around SMASHING him in the nose with her elbow, while KNEEING HIM in the groin.
Miles is irritated.
Marylin knocks repeatedly.
Mr. Medrano is accused of killing his wife, Alicia in 1992.
Pulls out a Dunhill and expertly lights the cigar.
The gangster stares expressionlessly.
Miles voice is still flat, expressionless: He looks up a at Kenneth.
He slams down the phone.
Miles drives, speeding, taking corners hard while punching numbers into his car phone.
She cocks an eye at him.
Pinkerton just plows through whatever's in his way, SMASHING past other cars, forcing Pedestrians to jump out of the way.
He is immediately killed.
He is still lying on the floor.
Aline looks at the receiver, frustrated.
The Guard KNOCKS on the open door.
Then, Aline rears back and PUNCHES Carnby in the face.
Beat.
The Agents immediately open FIRE.
Aline stops.
There's a carving on the floor.
He SCREAMS as he falls.
The Agents OPEN FIRE, letting loose a barrage of glowing bullets.
The Mine shakes from the explosion.
Sitting in the ruined cinema are two men: GENERAL WALLACE, with files on the table, and, beside him, MAJOR STEVE ARNOLD.
Steve watches expressionless.
Immediately, Rode retrieves the butt.
Breaks off.
He crosses himself.
Emmi stops.
People have moved to reveal Furtwangler: seated, wearing a hat, still I' as a statue, soaked, listening, expressionless.
Emmi and David emerge from the ruins.
Furtwangler stops.
He sinks down, angry and jealous.
He breaks off.
A half-ruined cafe with tables on the sidewalk.
She screams.
The Parole Officer takes the phone from him, punching in a series of numbers and jotting notes on his work sheet.
Gary pays him, shuts the door.
Gary is lying in the sun, eyes shut.
Both doors shut.
We hear a thin BEEPING from the house-arrest anklet.
the role, and how fucked up it is to be having these double-top-secret conversations.
A beat later, it SLAMS shut.
She hits STOP.
Mary shuts the door behind them.
Waverly refuses.
The Sheriff smilingly turns the key in the lock.
Hank has thrown the door open.
He protests, 'What - !' 'But!'  Novello is openmouthed.
The police car screams to a stop.
He stops, seeing Waverly's expression.
There is a KNOCK at the door and Martha sticks her head in.
The General is in his dressing gown, furious.
He is a little annoyed at being forced to leave the entertainment.
Is about to bite Mike's neck when...  ...Riley FIRES his .45.
Finally, the FOURTH PUNCHES A HOLE above the thing's left eyebrow.
DEAD THINGS stand completely frozen in the middle of main street, like statues, mesmerized by the FIREWORKS.
Other BIKERS rumble down the street, firing guns.
Cholo PUNCHES the Thing with his free hand.
Trailing them, THREE SADISTIC GUERILLAS on MOTORCYCLES ROAR past, firing...  ...a HAIL OF BULLETS at A DEAD FAMILY on the sidewalk.
After a moment, the sympathy is joined by rage.
A SEARCHLIGHT sweeps the darkness as GUERILLAS unload the supplies they took from Uniontown and carry them toward...  ...a set of RUSTY STEEL DOORS, above which is a FADED SIGN that reads "SUBWAY (TO CITY.)".
SMASHING the neck of a beer bottle on the snout of Dead Reckoning, Riley JAMS THE JAGGED GLASS into the Harry-Thing's forehead.
decimated.
A SCREAM RINGS OUT down the corridor!
ANOTHER SCREAM from inside.
A toppled chair lies on the floor at his feet.
A UNIFORMED GUARD leaves CHOLO in a PRISTINE WHITE conference room with glass walls overlooking the rotting CITY far below.
Kaufman stops one of the guards at the door.
For his gun.
BIG DADDY grabs the bat and throws it aside.
OTHER DEAD THINGS SMACK at the steel doors that lead down to the subway.
FIRES BURNING.
Pounds again.
The weapon FIRES harmlessly into the floor.
Mouse runs SCREAMING to the door, where he is grabbed by another DEAD THING.
The door SLAMS behind KAUFMAN as he enters the foyer.
CHOLO punches a button.
There are AUTOMOBILE TIRES, GARBAGE CANS, a rusted ANCHOR, a sunken MOTOR BOAT, HUNDREDS of BEER BOTTLES... AND THOUSANDS OF DEAD THINGS...WALKING... ON THE RIVER BOTTOM...following BIG DADDY through the debris.
CHOLO cocks his head outside.
SLACK and PILLSBURY watch THE GUN TURRET continue to turn, the cannon barrels angling toward FIDDLER'S GREEN.. Slow motion.
Dade enters, and lets the door slam behind him.
He hammers it with his palm, furious.
Immediately the fire sprinklers turn on.
There is a knock at the door.
Nikon slams the door.
Phreak knocks the door again.
His mother, seeing his exposed buttocks, is shocked.
Plague shuts the door behind them.
"Destroy Card" is the final instruction.
Gill punches a button on the phone, another caller comes on.
Gill punches another button, another caller comes on.
Gill punches another button.
Gill punches another button.
He punches another button.
The other four protest.
Phreak's mom becomes very angry and starts slapping Phreak, cursing in Spanish.
Margo starts to protest.
Gill punches a parked car in frustration.
"Shit for Brains."
Later, Cereal is trashing through the garbage cans in Grand Central Station.
Jerry gives Max a light punch on the arm.
Fletcher hates him.
The door SLAMS SHUT again, leaving him without his pants.
Dana and an apprehensive Fletcher sit before the judge Dana fumes.
The judge is irritated.
He STRAINS.
She SLAMS DOWN the phone.
Fletcher BANGS THE PHONE against his head in frustration!
The door flies opens -- and a furious Miranda stalks off.
He pulls the blue pen from his pocket.
Frustrated, Fletcher hurries on.
He HITS HIMSELF AGAIN and AGAIN, SMASHES HIS HEAD INTO THE WALL, POKES HIMSELF IN THE EYES, YANKS ON HIS EARS, finally KNOCKS HIMSELF IN THE STALL, where he continues his attack.
The judge is PISSED.
Wrong!
The judge BANGS HIS GAVEL!!!
Emanuel knocks Max's hat off.
Max takes off the hat his dad gave him and replaces it with the Boston hat.
Shit!
It's the same BEGGAR Fletcher was rude to outside the courthouse.
Fletcher's is THROWN ON HIS ASS in the street.
Max is sitting at the bottom of the stairs, still ANGRY.
Kathy moves past him, irritated.
But he grabs her.
Shabby corkboards with yellowing PSA posters, ragged kids' drawings, and tired sticky tape.
Viko turns to Danik, angry....  Kathy looks to Clarkson, who gives her nothing.
The EXIT door at the end swings shut in the flickering fluorescent light.
The cops SHOVE Tanjo in a car, and SLAM the door.
The Local Cop shuts the doors of the van.
At the door handle, a large PADLOCK, smashed open.
Condoms on the floor.
Kathy is filled with...  anger.
Nadia throws down a photo.
The markets shut down.
She puts down her glass of wine, irritated.
She flips through.
Between the grasslands and the eerie badlands ruins, there lies a narrow band of humpy hills, green and pastoral.
The instant that Sissy shuts the door the cowgirl chauffeur floors the Cadillac and it lurches away in a puff of dust.
She hits the sod in a jangle of jewelry and expulsion of breath.
The driver is taking his dick out of his pants.
Fumes of weariness stream from her black hair.
Small protests from the circle of cowgirls.
THE CHINK sees Bonanza Jellybean cut down from a vantage point on the hill, and makes a beeline for the government barricades, SHOUTING.
The six-gun slips from her fingers.
She listens for the door to her parent's room to shut before snatching off the scarf and storming to the bathroom.
Alike hurtles into the handicapped stall and snaps it shut behind her.
Alike jabs her headphones into her ears and packs her bag very deliberately, letting the eye of the storm pass over her before heading toward the door.
She raps on the door of a classroom and slips in.
Alike's ears prick up.
Laura starts to shut the door, but Audrey stops it with her arm.
Audrey pulls on her sunglasses and hat and slams the door behind her.
Bina yells after her.
Laura snaps her cell phone shut.
Alike cocks her head to the side and considers.
Bina stops.
Alike blindly grabs up her things and rushes the door, Bina flounders in her wake.
There is a knock at the door.
Laura slaps another card on the table and takes a deep swig of water.
Arthur flips his cell phone shut and tucks it into his pocket.
She slumps into the car and slams the door.
More barking.
Alike rages outside, weaving blind fury down the sidewalk.
She circles back and kicks the can over.
A livid Audrey bangs on the door and jiggles the handle.
She plunges back in and slams an armful of blouses to the floor.
Arthur looks up at her and Sharonda pushes the door shut.
Arthur slams the trunk shut.
Bob (ZEPPO.)
Groucho gets into the side-car...  and in Napoleonic manner says to Harpo: Harpo takes a phonograph record and smashes it on the ground... there is a roar of the motor -- the motorcycle starts off but leaves the side-car.
He holds up his hand for the cop to stop...  they both come to a halt... Harpo gets off his motorcycle, walks over angrily to cop, takes out his book, writes out a summons and hands it to the cop as we FADE OUT...  FADE IN on interior of Freedonian House of Representatives.
As they walk toward each other the telephone rings and the two men make a mad  dash for the telephone on the desk.
Finally Harpo hangs up the receiver and exits, tearing up the paper Groucho suddenly slaps Chico across the face with his gloves, then as quickly brings to light a card which he presents to Chico in the professional manner of an experienced duelist Chico whispers in Groucho's ear -- Groucho gives him an indignant look Chico turns to go - Groucho stops him At this point Chico is at the door and exits - Groucho slams the door right in his face - then he walks over to the desk and sees the larger gauntlets.
Trentino refuses Groucho's card, white with rage.
She lifts the skirt again to get the paper, while Chico steals another glance.
He takes a small mouse trap from his large pocketbook, puts it on the floor, crouches down and whistles to the mouse in the manner of a man trying to call a dog.
He is terribly angry at being interrupted.
He walks over to Trentino belligerently, and deposits his hat on table on the way.
Trentino becomes apoplectic Trentino exits in a rage.
Groucho rises to his feet and paces the floor in the manner of a studious business man with his hands behind his back...  then starts to dictate as Bob writes on his pad.
She picks up Groucho's hat and hands it to him.
He removes a white rabbit from hat and gives it to her.
He empties six baby rabbits out of the hat onto the table; puts his hat on and exits.
They are dressed in Inverness capes - wearing their high hats.
He stops -- makes a terrible face -- takes out ear-muffs, puts them on his ears and he and Chico continue toward the box -- CUT TO other box -- the one that Chico and Harpo are headed for.
Harpo has just finished putting a stick of dynamite in the door of safe...  Harpo strikes a match, but Chico stops him from lighting it.
He blows a blast on a regular army bugle...  immediately a few old men rush out of the house in their nightgowns, carrying guns, and into the scene from all directions rush other men, answering the call, similarly attired.
Chico enters...  goes to time-clock on wall, puts his workman's card in it and punches it.
He holds this pose for a second - and on the down beat, Harpo jerks the string and there is a terrific explosion.
Groucho rushes to the window, opens it, fires a shot from his revolver through the window, hurriedly shuts it, then rushes back to Generals The bursting of another shell is heard right outside of shack.
Groucho hurriedly shuts the window and rushes back to the generals, as we - CUT TO: THE OUTSIDE - A LONG SHOT of a dirigible (miniature.)
Groucho leans out of the window backwards and shoots up into the air...   CUT TO - dirigible (miniature.) as the bag explodes.
She ducks inside, slams the door.
John's beeper goes off! -- he punches it.
Each room a drama.
LETOUR lies clothed on the futon, boombox by his ear.
GUIDONE elbow-stabs LETOUR, kicks his shin.
MARIANNE YELLS from behind: "Out!" Outside, they stop midsidewalk.
A CRACKHEAD strides past trash ramparts, cursing, demanding money: "Fuck white devil, fucking the black, give the fucking money, white fuck... ," etc.
EDDIE and LETOUR argue ("Fuck you!" "Fuck you!".).
A bottle SMASHES.
JOHN -- flash of anger -- bootkicks him in the head!
A scream pierces traffic noise.
CARLOS starts the car, pulls into traffic.
He knocks on the door.
He opens a window, throws the ring full force into the junk-strewn courtyard.
Twelfth floor.
Bursting rage, she turns on THOMAS, YELLS: She slaps THOMAS, pulls the 9mm from his waistband, throws it to the carpet.
ANN computes, bolts out, flees, SCREAMING at the top of her lungs: The fire bell rings.
Both are hit.
A bullet hits its mark: THOMAS, frozen, grabs his blood-spurting throat, slumps to floor.
Off-screen screams of guests are countered by commands from hotel security: "Get down!" "Get back!" Fire horns and sirens reverb from the street.
Gun slips from his hand.
Stauffenberg enters unnoticed, escorted in by the YOUNG OFFICER who immediately ducks out again.
The Wagner, the siren, the explosions fray the nerves.
So close the children scream.
Freyend stands, holding Keitel's hat and coat for him.
Darkness.
CRACK.
Fellgiebel heads for the door but stops on: BANG.
The car stops.
We hate him.
Haeften opens the car door for Stauffenberg to get in.
Before Stauffenberg can inquire, Fromm slams the door shut and returns to the madness inside the Berghof.
The fucking pressure.
Stauffenberg chews on this, pissed.
Then: A soldier himself, Olbricht is insulted.
Stauffenberg and Haeften find themselves in a cramped, hot, windowless room filled with VARIOUS OFFICERS waiting around a large conference table.
Shit.
A waiting Mertz grabs it.
Stauffenberg is furious.
Stauffenberg and Olbricht stand, hats in hand.
We tense.
Stauffenberg and Haeften deplane and immediately step into a waiting courier car driven by a young, dutiful Nazi.
Stauffenberg points to the shaving cut on his throat and the tiny blood stain on his shirt.
Annoyed, Freyend motions to the adjoining anteroom.
Haeften comes out, moving Freyend back with his body and shutting the door behind him - a charged moment.
Making matters worse: Annoyed but not wanting to arouse suspicion, Stauffenberg finally acquiesces, handing it over.
The wall immediately begins to close.
Evil is back.
furious volcano.
He shuts oft the alarm.
to jerk.
COP 3 slaps the viewer on the nasty neighbor's door.
A firefight rages in the hall.
unhappy.
A violent fight breaks out.
holding a ZF1. to kill her. the gun which throws Zorg's shot off.
Furious, Zorg fires at the ceiling.
The door explodes.
Korben punches him into oblivion and snatches the gun.
Mangalore, grabs him and smashes his head into a column, seizing the gun.
gun and puts a bullet through his head.
barrier.
fistful of earth  and throws it on the Stone.
top.location.href=location.href
Ransacked.
Kelvin is lying down.
After a moment, he gets up, checks the lock on his door, and lies back down.
Kelvin is lying down, looking at the door.
Then a shot of Kelvin that we've seen before: Him leaving their apartment, angry.
Kelvin is yelling at Rheya.
Rheya lies on the kitchen floor, dead.
She sits, frustrated.
Rheya, on the kitchen floor.
Kelvin, furious, is talking through a slit in Sartorius' door.
This stops Kelvin and Sartorius.
The Guy shoots Hooper an angry glare, Banky enters.
Holden smacks Banky and moves to exit.
Banky shoots Holden a 'these guys are idiots' look.
There's a knock at the door.
They hang up.
Holden knocks at the door.
She slams the door.
The car sits in traffic.
Holden grows a little frustrated.
Steve-Dave rips a check off the garbage can and punches the counter.
There's a knock at the door.
He jams them into the lock, opening the door.
Banky gives Holden a 'What the fuck?' look.
The downstairs door slams.
The Kid offers Holden an angry look.
Player Two pulls Player One's helmet off and punches him in the face.
ON THE ICE - Player Two yanks at Player One's jersey and gut punches him.
ON THE ICE - Player One delivers the kill shot, slamming his fist into Player Two's nose.
Alyssa fumes.
She stares at him, hurt and pissed.
Punching the air.
A huge furore as several OFFICIALS and FERRARI TEAM MEMBERS, and TV CREWS surround JAMES's car...  Raised voices debating the width of the car, HUNT furious, people almost coming to blows...
The two rival PIT CREWS, (McLaren and Ferrari.), scream abuse at one another in Italian and English - a highly charged and explosive atmosphere....  NIKI watches from the inside of the FERRARI TRAILER.
Vibrating with anger.
Complaining.
JAMES and the STEWARDESS fucking.
Eyes burning with anger and self-loathing...  OVER THIS: we fade in the ROAR of car engines... JAMES's teeth still clenched.
Eyes still burning with anger.
Driving flat out.
At the limit.
The chequered flag waves as JAMES's car roars across the finish line...  JAMES screams with released rage.... CAPTION: "RACE 7. HUNT WINS.
JAMES screams in catharsis and triumph.
SCREAMING GIRLS.
MARLENE turns, and goes.. NIKI is left alone.
An OFFICIAL walks through the cars holding aloft a sign, "One Minute"...  Deafening, angry thunder, as cars rev their engines.
They're off! JAMES's foot hits the floor - his engine screams at almost 9,000 rpms, drowning out the roar of the 180,000 crowd.
JAMES curses under his breath...  JAMES screwed up.
Burning smoke fills NIKI's helmet, burning his lungs.
Filling his lungs with chemicals, along with the smoke and fumes, blurring his vision, as he screams horribly..
The PRIEST touches NIKI's shoulder...  NIKI screams inside.
NIKI screams again.
Uniforms discarded on the floor.
Foot to the floor.
But his wounded car is now running at seventy per cent at best...  ...and disaster!!! NIKI OVERTAKES HIM...  JAMES screams in agony and frustration.
In a fury.
For refusing to listen.
What a disgrace.
JAMES gets out of his car, raging...
top.location.href=location.href
The horse's head sinks under, the girl screams as she sinks, and screams as she rises.
The next moment, he is under the table, tripped up by Harry, who hits him a violent cuff on the head; as he goes down, he hardly has time to hear the general screaming and scurrying that is taking place above him, being so fully occupied with kicks, and thumps and curses, with which Harry is belaboring him.
Pulling off his hat, and bringing his mare up in a prance to the chair-window.
Roderick walks into Lakenham's room attired in his full regimentals, and with his hat cocked over his left eye.
The Prince loses a big hand, and, in a fury, throws down his cards.
Roderick's driver protests that if he does, he will upset his master in the ditch, but the other insists.
His laugh is not jovial or agreeable, but rather painful and sardonic, and ends in a violent fit of coughing.
Another quarrel.
He drags Brookside into his study, slamming the door behind him.
He hears Roderick with half-shut eyes.
Roderick, in a rage, taking a great horse-whip, gallops off after the child.
Waking up screaming.
When they get to the door, she stops in front of it.
The Countess continues in a strain of incoherent fury, screaming against Roderick, and against his mother, and always beginning and ending the sentence with the word "fool."
Rose lies on her back being fucked.
Recognition punches Rose in the face.
A rag is wrung out in a bucket of reddish water.
Knocking wakes her.
Norah shakes her head in frustration.
She screams and drops the bag.
Norah slams the door and watches Rose drive off.
Rose slaps Norah with an accusing look.
They're all crossed off.
It shatters.
Kym is pissed.
Screaming all around.
Kieran takes the Ethan bowl from the sink and puts it quietly back in the cupboard and shuts the door.
Rachel slams the car door shut.
She is furious.
He is alone and the door is shut INTERCUT the conversation: Beat.
He hangs up.
Rachel stabs her dessert with her fork.
Beat.
Kym punches Abby right back -- twice -- now she is on her feet.
Kym stops.
Rachel's face contorts with rage as she steps forward and slams the bedroom door in Kym's face.
Sidney immediately puts his head on her bosom.
Kieran pulls her to the middle of the crowd.
Kym's head is thrown back.
Kym shuts the car door and rolls down the window.
He shakes with frustration.
He walks briskly up to his ball and smacks it.
They're neck and neck.
She looks shocked and angry.
She rubs against him.
They jolt to a stop.
Margot and Dick watch out the back window.
Dick leans over to Margot's neck.
Vogler stops.
Margot is shot-gun.
A smashing sound.
In frustration and rage, she runs.
Ingrid says, buried in the noise: Malcolm sees Dick.
Margot stops.
She mutters to herself.
She stares at a drawing of a monster fucking a woman on the wall above the pay phone.
She slams her fist down on the stapler, repetitively.
That's fucked up.
Into the webcam -- A TEEN PARTY rages.
She gives her a drunken punch on the shoulder.
He slaps it with his.
Obviously oblivious to the demonstration that just occurred -- Olive catches the reflection behind her of a group of guys leaning against the counter, signalling `NO, DON'T DO IT' to him behind her back.
She glares at them.
She throws them into a big pile in the middle of her floor.
She is flooded with emotion.)
Marianne, angry as hell, stomps through the hall with hatred burning in her eyes and coursing through her veins.
She throws a framed photo of her and Mr. Griffin into the box.
The scene is a maelstrom of anger and piety.
Olive, upset at herself, gets into her car and drives off.
His mother takes both of her hands and begins slapping him, uncontrollably.
She screams so loud that Mrs. Griffin comes out of her office, a panicked expression on her face.
Like a teapot about to start expelling steam, Marianne quivers in rage.
Finally, at boiling point, she shouts -- But her long string of profanities is muffled by the long ringing of the school bell.
As we saw before -- Marianne, angry as hell, stomps through the hall with hatred burning in her eyes and coursing through her veins.
She grabs a cardboard box and begins throwing items into it.
She throws a framed photo of her and Mr. Griffin into the box.
Mrs. Griffin walks over and locks her office door.
Olive suddenly becomes self-conscious and a little bit pissed.
He stops the car.
He walks off, leaving her alone.
Furious, Olive throws the door open and exits.
Agitated.
The PILE ERUPTS in front of Spooner...Parts flying... AS A Spooner...knocked back... his GUN...skittering across the floor... right to... Calvin.
Turning to RUN as the doors begin to shut...  Spooner.
Turns to Spooner...  ...and GRABS his GUN from his holster.
Then COCKS the gun...  AND THE ROBOTS COME THUNDERING TOWARDS THEM.
Rushes over to the destroyed Robot.
FROM THE CONTROL BOOTH the Night Foreman screams over the Spooner wings a FILE onto the table.
Getting upset.
The SOUND...of the SLAM... REVERBERATING...and we...  Spooner aims his gun and FIRES!
Knocking the gun from his hand.
Cocks his head, for a moment.
And a pissed LANNING steps inside.
Cocking his head.
That prickle at the back of his neck.
SLAM! SLAM! SLAM!
Breaking through.
Mangled.
CRASHING into the wall like a rag doll.
He SMASHES the Half Killer Robot against the wall.
Destroying it.
The last of the commands.
His bulldog, GLADSTONE, lies on the floor in a drugged stupor.
Holmes looks up; Watson's already moving for the door, pissed.
He lifts his hat, waits for her to pass -- -- does a speechless double-take when he sees who it is.
The bars slide shut.
Irene kisses him, hard and angry at first, becoming something else.
Frustrated, Watson snatches them back as quickly as Holmes takes them out.
This is the killing floor.
We SEE WATSON turning to warn Holmes before EXPLODING -- The sun is rising.
And enters his waiting limousine, SLAMMING the door.
Close on Robert, trying hard to contain his building rage.
A KNOCK at the door.
Then he gets a text: "9:40pm - FUCK YOU." Silence.
Her face falls slightly, but she keeps her grace -- and her anger.
He KICKS at it.
Smoke is still rising from the smashed hood.
He winces.
Horrific.
He SCREAMS.
Oh, no? Then where the fuck are we?
This is awful.
That you cheated?
That you stole money from people who trusted you?
That you lied?
Brooke stabs "Stop" on the machine, quickly cooling down.
FUCK - YOU.
How'd you get so fuckin' rich again?
Don't be such a wiseass... Hey, this is my fuckin' life, man!
Ten fucking years!
They showed me pictures, man; that's fucked up what you did.
He quickly picks up the phone, stabbing at the keys.
A beat.
Yussef gets annoyed, stand up and leaves.
Chieko is furious.
Chieko, angry, gets up and starts to rummage through her locker.
The traffic is chaos.
Chieko looks annoyed, and blows her father a kiss goodbye.
Chieko, Mitsu and another of their friends are playing a pinball game that makes noises whenever the ball hits a wall.
They set the thin strips on newspaper.
Troubled, she looks at the mound of destroyed cars.
Mike and Debbie, struck dumb by the language and the strangers, hide behind Amelia, who introduces them to Luis.
Anwar takes his shirt off - left only in his undershirt - and puts it under Susan's neck.
Barth shuts up and the bus drives on.
Susan is lying on the floor, desolate.
She then looks at the old man's bored face, the old woman's feigned interest, the mother's annoyed expression, and the boy, who rocks his head to the music.
He gets angry and moves back.
He picks up a ball of shit and feels it.
Alarid punches him in the face.
A pile of stolen COSMETICS falls out of the girl's jacket and clatters to the floor.
STEVE RENDAZO (the same asshole who harassed her as she walked to the drugstore.)
STUDENTS bustle in, as the teacher, MR.
She SMACKS the phone a couple of times.
The receptionist cranes her neck and sees the front door drift shut.
Juno immediately puts down the guitar.
Mark shuts the door.
She throws a KARATE KICK in Mark's direction with a KEE-YA!
There's a LOUD KNOCK on the front door.
Juno waddles behind them, protesting.
The CRACK of the bat and the CROWD is on their feet.
John's POV: A foul ball is screaming in his direction.
Officer Two circles behind Rick.
Placing his pistol back in his holster Officer Two grabs Rick by the collar and throws him against the cruiser.
Officer One's hand is still clenched to his gun as Officer Two drags him around the car and forces him into the cruiser.
Mommy mad at me too?
The clock reads 7:55 as Rick shuts off his car and opens the door.
Rick picks up a pack of Pull-Ups studies it for a moment and throws it in the cart.
Melanie EXITS, SLAMMING the door behind her.
A furious PULL BACK ZOOM to Cindy standing in front of a door marked SOLITARY.
The door SLAMS behind her.
The Rep. EXITS shutting off the lights behind him.
Months of frustration boil in his face.
Carrie's angry.
A beat.
Rick cracks his neck.
Rick falls flat on his face.
Rick falls flat on his face.
John's POV: A foul ball is screaming in his direction.. MARGARET reaches for a jug, pouring milk into it, sliding it down on a table.
She watches, irritated, as CAROL reaches to move a pile of DENIS' clothes- CAROL settles beside her on a chair.
DENIS pulls his arm away, sending boiled eggs flying.
A beat.
And she wears a hat.
And DENIS reacts immediately, like a guilty thing surprised, stabbing out his cigarette, turning quickly towards her.
As MARGARET closes the boot and opens the door to get in the car suddenly there's a MASSIVE EXPLOSION, the sound magnified by being in the cavernous underground.
The DOCTOR hesitates, letting MARGARET settle until- MARGARET looks at the DOCTOR, quietly struggling with a fury, threatening to unleash- The sudden and persistent buzz of an intercom- MARGARET holds his gaze, with quiet unwavering steel unsettling the DOCTOR a little.
A rising roar of voices - MARGARET in her car driving through the blur of furious CLOSE UP on a button - The STEADY IN and OUT of a needle pulling taut on a thread.
MARGARET is furious.
An almighty explosion rips through the room; wood, glass, furniture splinters, curtains flay from the walls.
DENIS springs in the air wearing a paper union jack hat, blowing a party hooter.
MARGARET peering out- ANGRY PROTESTORS slapping the glass as they pass, the sense of the car being attacked.
MARGARET resumes working- HOWE waits and waits and waits- The SCRATCH of MARGARET's pen, she works on, refusing to stop for him.
His coat and hat lying beside it.
DENIS straightens his hat.
Capsule begins fiery re-entry to Earth Austin comes in and shuts the balcony door.
The crowd screams.
Dr. Evil charges at Klansman and starts to bitch slap him.
There is a BEAT, then Dr. Evil CHARGES the guy again, knocking him down.
He mimics Dr. Evil's mannerisms including holding his tiny pinky to his tiny mouth.
Evil's lap.
Dr. Evil gloats.
As Dr. Evil walks to the center of the room, chairs rise from the floor.
Austin and Ivana are left alone.
He throws the hukka down.
The whole nodding sequence was a circular waste of time.
Felicity drives expertly.
Austin grabs the wheel and Felicity pulls a gun.
Dr. Evil and Frau are interrupted by the man we now know as FAT BASTARD.
He is foul-mouthed, and when he swears he is bleeped.
Mini-Me runs and snatches the mojo from Fat Bastard and gives it to Dr. Evil, who caresses it and places it on a SPECIALLY NUMBER TWO enters.
She points to where Fat Bastard and his companion are standing.
Fat Bastard exits.
Felicity follows Fat Bastard out the door.
Fat Bastard is placing his order.
Oedipus pulls out a machine gun and FIRES.
A backless mockup of Austin's suit rises from the floor.
He puts on a pair of glasses.
We PUSH IN towards Dr. Evil's head.
Zoom in on his head which explodes into 30 other small Dr. Evil heads which rain on a Peter Max-ian valley of flowers.
Pull back from Dr. Evil's head.
Felicity is immediately on her guard.
Two Dr. Evil Private Army guys pull machine guns and start SHOOTING.
A gun barrel flips out form his crotch and FIRES machine-gun style.
Dr. Evil, Fat Bastard, Scott, Number Two and Frau are seated.
Felicity kicks Dr. Evil in the balls.
The area around Dr. Evil's command chair, including the time portal behind it, is enclosed by a circular door, becoming part of the rocket.
She PUNCHES the guard right in the face and he collapses.
Austin falls flat on his face with a THUMP and pops back up.
A couple of henchmen place BOOTS on Dr. Evil.
He's interrupted by terrible FEEDBACK.
The ALARM SHUTS OFF but Dr. Evil is still shouting.
It is Dr. Evil's distinctive profile, with a machine gun.
Dr. Evil is in a toga with a laurel with two YOUNG ROMAN MEN feeding him grapes.
Austin runs over to the glass tube and SMASHES HIS FIST through it.
`CLANK', the heavy doors shut behind her.
Wretching.
The floor has fresh drops of blood on it.
Darkness.
Ill-tempered and missing MARY.
left alone.
Pots of boiling water.
He gets out of his car and knocks on the door.
The soloist is a bit thrown by the couple's behavior.
She starts to SOB inconsolably.
She's in floods of tears.
Eva gets up, furious, and goes to the window.
Finally, after a few mouthfuls, she keeps her mouth shut.
As they speak, we hear, coming from the room, Anne's She takes the money on the table, pockets it and gets up.
Furious SOUND from Anne.
It walks to and fro, then finally dares to jump down inside, onto the floor.
The nurse is hopping mad.
A few seconds later, we hear the front door of the apartment fall shut.
Georges, annoyed, puts down his newspaper, gets up, goes into the hallway and goes to the front door.
He goes toward the bedroom door, locks it and puts the key in his pocket.
Anne emits a FURIOUS SOUND.
One of the dresses slips off its hanger and falls to the floor.
MERCHANTS at their improvised street stands, hawking their wares, disputing with their CUSTOMERS, roaring salutations to PASSERSBY.
It is impossible for him to remain angry long.
Then, in one of those moments of simultaneous impulse, she lurches to Marty with a sob, and Marty takes her to him.
He's a little angry.
She resists.
She remains there rigid even after the kitchen door has OPENED and SHUT.
The traffic moves by him.
He turns from her, sits down on the bed miserably angry with the world, his wife, his mother, himself.
Marty turns, on the verge of anger with his mother.
A fury rises in Marty's face.
The look of fury has drained from Marty's face.
Dr. Hager takes the bottles and quickly backs into his room, shutting the door.
There is a knock at the door.
Spaz turns around in time to be hit by a ball of crumpled up paper while Cameron smacks him on the shoulder.
Meeks immediately puts his hand up.
Keating turns towards the trophy cases, filled with trophies, footballs, and team pictures.
The car leaves Welton and drives towards the Danburry's house.
The kazoo player lets out a rude squeek before finally stopping.
He stops barking and immediately begins gobbling them down.
Chet throws himself at Knox, hurling them both to the floor.
Charlie stands with his back to the door as Mr. Nolan shuts it.
There is a knock at the door.
Keating begins to sob, then closes the book.
Charlie lunges at Cameron again and punches him in the face.
It's hot.
The phone STOPS.
The Sheriff stands uncomfortably by the door, his hat in hand.
The sun's just topped the horizon, throws long early shadows across the flat expanse of prairie.
The cars stop.
differently when her father          Barbara... Barbara, settle is a selfish son-of-a-bitch.
Shuts the door, rests the casserole on the hood.
Goddamn it --!
Steve reenters from the kitchen, snapping his phone shut.
Holy shit --                      Barbara, stop it --!
Pandemonium, screaming.
Barb has her mother pinned on the floor and is strangling her. Bill and Charlie struggle to pull Barbara off, pry her fingers off Violet's throat and get her away.
Oh my God...                          Ho, fuck!
The shovel SMACKS into the arm he puts up to block her smashing his head with the spade.
Johnna stands above him, arm cocked, watching for him to try and get up.
Violet throws her plate, smashes it.
After a moment, Barb turns, stares up at the house, angry, resolute.
Hears the sound of the screen door opening and SLAPPING shut.
In the wings, Constance is fuming with rage, but on stage, George is pretending with his fingers to pull at the dog, who fakes death.
George holds his nose, the audience goes wild, Constance gets even madder, and while George carries on clowning about, the producer too breaks into a beaming smile.
Then he realizes that Jack is on the table in a ridiculous pose, and signals to him to get down.
Peppy is a bit annoyed to have been put in her place, but deep down she knows he's right.
His expression shows that he things he is the stupidest man in the world.
He puts his bicorne hat back on and warmly thanks an astonished George.
She insists but he doesn't listen.
She gets annoyed, he doesn't answer, she ends up throwing Jack.
The chauffeur refuses, George insists.
George is visibly smashed.
George gets up, still half- smashed.
And arrogant!
You were thoughtless!
Title card: COME BACK! COME BACK HERE RIGHT NOW!!! Totally smashed he starts to violently throw film reels against the wall as he hollers.
A completely unconscious George, overcome by the fumes, is dragged out of the fire by the policeman.
JANET gives a silent scream.
RIFF RAFF throws two GUESTS to the floor to make room for them.
He slams the cage door.
FRANK is getting furious.
JANET screams and screams.
There is a knock at the door.
His eyes are full of hate.
JANET screams out.
MAGENTA betrays her resentment by digging her fingernails into his neck.
He leaves the study, shutting the door.
He takes a magazine and throws it on the table.
BANG!
GREG McCONNELL, All-American star football player for Oakwood prep is busy getting his cock sucked by Blaine, who lies under the covers.
He storms off.
There's a knock at the door.
There's a knock on the door.
He paces for a moment and his mood turns to anger.
Sebastian enters the room and slams the door behind him.
There's a knock on the door.
She lies down and starts to unbutton her dress.
He starts out the door, when - Sebastian throws off the robe and starts to dress.
Annette stops in her tracks.
He grabs her.
He throws open the closet door.
He leaves and slams the door behind him.
She slinks to the ground and continues to sob.
Annette clutches her stomach and continues to sob.
Annette continues to sob.
She grabs him and starts throwing wild punches.
He grabs his journal, leaves and SLAMS the door behind him.
Annette SCREAMS.
Kathryn continues to sob.
He shivers.
With a dazed expression he sits flat on his behind while the grass rustles softly, and bees and butterflies hum around his head.
His eyes are popping with rage.
His clothes are well cut but dirty and in rags.
Suddenly the GIRL screams.
The sun shines outside the casement window, its sharp rays piercing the darkness of the room, which is thick with fumes and perspiration.
Once in a while he is shaken by a gigantic sob.
When they come out in the yard, JOF immediately catches sight of them, becomes angry and yells a warning to JONS.
The wanderers stop.
SKAT immediately takes to his heels.
His sudden scream is cut off in the middle.
Now the horse stops with his ears flat against his head.
Now the storm moves there, throwing itself powerfully against walls and abutments.
Mike throws a chip in the circle.
Mike has been dealt a five and a six- Everyone's waiting for them.
Mike rolls his eyes at how full of shit he is.
The door slaps shut.
Mike lightly knocks on the door.
The speeding car is dwarfed by the expansive badlands.
The DELIVERY MAN knocks on the door.
One wears a FUNKY OVERSIZED HAT.
Trent and Sue react with frustrated disappointment.
Beat.
The word "bitch" is growled out by the two of them a half dozen more times until...  Sue pulls a PISTOL out of his belt.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
He hangs up.
Beat.
He hangs up.
Beat.
The floor is full, and everyone is damn good.
Fuck it.
...  PUNCHING into the speaker phone on his desk.
He punches out of the conference, back to his Mom (glancing over his shoulder to make sure the door is shut .).
SOUND OF BATHROOM DOOR slamming shut.
now! fucking dead !
You tell them that Andrew SLAMS the phone into its cradle.
ANDREW OPENS THE FIRE DOOR ON HIS FLOOR AT WYANT WHEELER, removing the ball cap, baring the purple blotches.
He throws the disc to the floor.
Iris cannot (Outside Joe's door is a sign: "Beware Mad Dog" with "Mad" written by hand.) at the photos while Joe wraps up...  must Joe offers his hand, getting a look at Andrew's face.
and Walter Kenton (he's pissed.)
Kenton fumes, outraged.
Andrew slams it SHUT.
ANDREW'S POV of the courtroom floor.
He lies on the floor, looking up.
He begins to sob.
Anger tumbles into exasperation.
Taupin stops.
Taupin's face is expressionless.
It twitches.
Brenna SCREAMS.
Brenna runs down the platform and jumps into a subway car just as the doors shut. is also now on the platform but can only watch Brenna through a window as the train pulls away.
A desk drawer's contents lie strewn in piles on the floor.
Romirez knocks it aside, but Conor recovers faster than he, knocking Romirez flat on his back.
Dazed.
The high backed office chair is spun away from an angry, entering Brenna.
Brenna KNOCKS.
Beat.
He hangs up.
The impact knocks him flat on his back.
Two EXPLOSIONS as Moran FIRES.
The slugs slam into the Knight, blowing him off his feet.
Taupin CUTS again, then puts the blade against the Knight's GURGLING throat.
Taupin drops to the floor WHIMPERING.
She SCREAMS.
Lies on the floor.
Brenna sits on the expanse of grass throwing scraps to a group of wild park cats.
transfixed...  Bradshaw throws.
Bradshaw throws.
He slides the big Minivan door shut and they're off.
Nobody gives a fuck.
The guys smash the bottles together in an explosion of glass and the golden Tequila.
The one thing we are sure of is that MICHAEL is fucking the hell out of Tina in the bathroom.
Michael screwing the hell out of Tina.
Stop dead in their tracks.
BEAT.
Fisher entering, freaked...  Adam slaps Michael.
BEAT.
BEAT.
The five men stop breathing.
Boyd slams the door shut.
Adam stops the car.
ADAM lies flat on his back in a monster mess of candy.
The IRANIAN STORE CLERK approaches, pissed.
Mr. Fisher holds up a photo of a young Fisher and young Boyd, both scrappy and bloodied from a fist fight.
He's had enough, excuses himself from the table.
Adam and Michael try to contain their rage.
Boyd shuts the car door.
Boyd is immediately up trying to get Michael out of the booth.
Seeing their mother in tears, they start to sob.
Boyd and Lois are choking the living shit out of each other.
Choking him like a mad dog.
Boyd enters, shuts the door.
Liz beats him repeatedly with the crucifix until he's dead as a door knob.
He starts SCREAMING.
It's hot as hell and it looks like he's gonna pass out.
The ORDERLY stops.
Two strips of tape which warn DO NOT ENTER - AT ORDER OF THE MILITARY POLICE are crisscrossed over the closed door.
KAFFEE stops.
KAFFEE starts in immediately.
They're in the and KAFFEE slams the door shut behind them.
ROSS stands immediately.
There's a knock on the door.
FWAP! - a nerf ball slams into a hoop.
A SEDAN, with U.S. MARSHALL stenciled on the door, sits in front of one of the rooms, and the two FEDERAL AGENTS inside the car are reading the newspaper as KAFFEE'S CAR pulls next to them and KAFFEE jumps out.
AGENT #1 sticks his head out the window and calls to KAFFEE -- KAFFEE pays no attention and bangs on MARKINSON's door.
MARKINSON takes a pistol out of his holster and cocks the trigger.
The door slams behind her.
Jessep's slammed the door.
top.location.href=location.href
DUKE, eyes darting madly as he hears what sounds like the SHRIEKS OF BATS returning, grabs an assortment along with another six-pack of beer - slams the trunk shut and dives back into the car.
TORN YELLOW PAGES with dealer's ads ticked off lie in a pile as GONZO yells into a PAYPHONE.
He JAMS the car into LOW GEAR and lurches into traffic.
A BUDDHIST MONK, protesting the war, sets himself on fire.
GONZO STICKS HIS GUN IN HIS WAISTBAND -- opens the door to LACERDA -- BOUNCING WITH PUPPY DOG ENTHUSIASM.
Crap tables.
In a sudden rush the PRESS CROWD make for the door taking DUKE with them.
A shout from outside the tent goes up: The CROWD rushes for the door.
A DUNE BUGGY races toward them, loaded down with THREE RETIRED PETTY OFFICERS, DRUNK AS HELL.
Above, a HIGH WIRE ACT with FOUR MUZZLED WOLVERINES, SIX NYMPHET SISTERS FROM SAN DIEGO, TWO SILVER PAINTED POLACK BROTHERS, and THREE The WOLVERINE chases a NYMPHET through the air.
On a TV monitor a 200 FOOT HIGH DRUNKARD looms over the Las Vegas skyline screaming OBSCENITIES.
GONZO goes down with a hellish scream.
DUKE locks the door.
EVERYTHING STOPS.
A large empty pack of Neutrogena soap lies on the floor.
GONZO RIPS OPEN THE BATHROOM DOOR, his eyes unfocused.
With difficulty.
DUKE is standing in the middle of the men's room with the MUSICIAN hunkered down at his side...  sucking on his sleeve.
IMAGES OF THE TIME FLOOD IN.
DUKE slams the door -- starts FRANTICALLY PACKING.
The patrol car screams after the RED SHARK.
The HIGHWAY PATROLMAN gets out of the car, screaming.
The PATROLMAN slams the door shut.
The POLICE CHIEF's screamed insults fade away...  DUKE steps to the desk, around the raging POLICE CHIEF.
A 16-year-old GIRL with the aura of an angry Pit Bull.
They pull out into traffic.
DUKE and GONZO listen in disbelief.
In the bathroom, DUKE'S unlaced boots CRUSH BROKEN GLASS IN DUKE unzips and pisses.
A hellish scream wakes up the SLEEPING DUKE.
DUKE floors the accelerator -- screams at the CROWD.
DUKE is standing in the middle of A SEMI-DESTROYED BAZOOKO CIRCUS REVOLVING BAR.
DUKE drives -- SILENT AND FURIOUS -- sick to his stomach with the PSYCHOTIC GONZO.
He stops mid-step and cocks his ear at the music playing in the store.
Barry moves in on the stereo behind the counter, and Dick gets out of his way.
"How to Kill a Radio Consultant" by Public Enemy comes through at through the red levels.
Rob, Dick and Barry stop fighting to listen, then each moves purposefully to a spot in the store.
Dick begins counting it out.
Outside, anger catches up to the Customer.
Rob is so mad he can't say anything.
Barry and Dick stand and begin to move off...  ...and they're gone.
-- Dick bursts in, huge-faced -- Rob freezes, he and Dick turn to the speaker, which cranks Marie's voice.
Rob enters and walks to the mail table, looking like shit.
She is enormous, and she is mad as hell.
thinking, calculating...  Dick pulls a Stranglers record and puts it on the stereo.
He looks at Barry with a mixture of hate and adoration.
Rob's face gets hot and mad.
Dicks pokes his head out of the door.
The lock turns and Rob enters, holding the door for Laura who slips by, her coat in her hands.
As soon as she shuts the door behind her, he turns to camera.
Dick prices records out on the floor.
Barry shuts off the Game Boy.
She picks up the phone -- She walks into another room, shutting the door behind her.
Rob is disoriented on the way to angry.
Dick and Barry's ears perk up.
Dick sticks his head in the door.
Rob pulls the phone into the bathroom and shuts the door.
She hangs up.
She hangs up.
Off-camera the car engine catches up, and a door opens and shuts.
Rob gets to the door but stops and turns.
Rob turns on the CD player and "Call Me A Liar" by Palace begins to play.
He winces immediately.
She takes off her hat and messes up her hair.
They see a MIDDLE-AGED MAN dressed in a shabby threadbare suit and hat sitting at what was once a bus stop.
We came by to fuck you but you didn't answer the door.
Roberta peruses some of the art, then points to a very violent drawing.
Josh immediately starts to clean up the mess.
CUT.
CUT.
A din of loud noise.
An angry CUSTOMER returns with her drink.
A trendy young HIPSTER happens along and looks through the clothes, then to the table where he picks up a ridiculous looking stuffed animal.
Seymour is wearing designer stone-washed denim jeans that look ridiculous on him.
A door opens and a Tony Robbins- ish, 35 year-old MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE sticks his head out.
She's pissed off and goes to the phone to call again.
Then he tries to flip over a BIG DISPLAY CASE in front of the counter but is unable to budge it - he keeps trying and gets more and more frustrated.
He tries to grab Seymour and they get into a ridiculous frantic scuffle.
Willie, his face filled with anger, throws open the door and stalks out onto the porch.
He opens the door and waits as Sadie, Duffy, Dolph Pillsbury, and other politicians climb the steps to meet him.
There is a knock on the door.
Fireworks exploding.
He stops to adjust an officer's tie.
She goes to the door to yell to the secretary.
She slams the door again, and returns to her desk.
There is a knock on the door.
There is a knock on the door.
Enraged, Willie slaps him.
Willie feeding the pigs.
He slams the window shut and comes back into the room.
There is a knock on the door.
A voice from a public address loudspeaker begins to yell out commands to the crowd.
The crowd explodes.
A large metal door SLAMS SHUT.
In silhouette, a MAN is FUCKING a NURSE.
The LINCOLN HIGH "FIGHTIN' LOG" MASCOT (looks like an angry Tootsie Roll with legs and overly muscular arms.)
STUDENTS SCREAM.
CAMERA TURNS, PLAYERS head-butt and high-five CAMERA/Jack as he starts through the door - looking around gym.  SLOW MOTION FREEZE-FRAME as the SPOTLIGHT HITS CAMERA/Jack.
Lisa looks pissed.
It's COLD and LOUD.
PULL BACK to REVEAL we're: It's a semi-furnished shit-hole.
An ANGRY COOK standing behind Jack.
A hurt and angry Jack walks in, still in sailor uniform.
Diane turns to see Jack, a couple aisles over, holding out a A WOMAN RUSHES over and ANGRILY grabs her kid back from Jack, punches him and storms off.
As they TURN FLASH CARDS IN UNISON to read: "2-4-6-8 LOGS ARE going nuts!
Diane, Cleo and Lucy try to pull them apart, AD-LIBBING "Stop!" and "Knock it off!"
Pissed, the instructor continues in the B.G.  Room starts LAMAZE BREATHING.
PUTS THE MONEY IN, then SHUTS IT.
Hannah hands the box to Diane who shuts it and puts it back on the table.
Cleo grabs the door handle - and it Kansas jumps at her, pulling her mask back down.
they turn to each other - shit! as he continues toward them - REACHING INTO HIS BOOT AND Oh shit-oh-shit!
he stops, dead in his track.
MOTION SLOWS as his hat EXPLODES OFF HIS HEAD.
MOTION SLOWS as his hat EXPLODES OFF HIS HEAD.
Cartman opens fire, KILLING KENNY.
with Hannah continues to rant as Diane PRESSES her receiver and SLIDES SCREEN LEFT (PUSHING the ranting Hannah OFF.) as Lucy, on phone, SLIDES ON, SCREEN RIGHT.
with with An exasperated Diane presses her receiver again and SLIDES SCREEN RIGHT, PUSHING LUCY OUT as Hannah - STILL RANTING - Diane presses her receiver again and SLIDES SCREEN LEFT, PUSHING HANNAH OUT, DIM SUM CHARLIE, on prison phone - SLIDES with Diane presses her receiver again and SLIDES SCREEN RIGHT, PUSHING DIM SUM CHARLIE OFF, as Cleo, on phone, SLIDES ON, with Diane and Cleo hang up.
Hannah, still ranting, DROPS IN - FULL FRAME.
It's smokey as hell.
The TIARA SLIPS OFF her BALDING HEAD and rolls to the floor.
HAROLD - owner, late 40's - stands in front of this grubby little store front with his MILDLY RETARDED BROTHER, HANK, who SNIFFS and MUMBLES CONSTANTLY.
Lester smacks Jean on the ass.
Becky notices their attraction and goes from flirt to uber-bitch in a heartbeat.
Commotion stops.
They look pissed.
Her parents stop DEAD IN THEIR TRACKS.
Gladys is thrown back.
Screaming.
She SCREAMS As the contestants run out the building...  Contestants THROW and HURL suitcases and items through the glass of the building.
12 - Script Fin of red 1957 Chevy Impala convertible driving somewhere in the West.
The rains have stopped, only the floods remain.
They interrupt each other again.
WE HEAR a door slam.
BRENDA steps onto the prow of the boat letting off steam.
The OFFICER interrupts BRENDA.
BRENDA looks angry and possessed.
She realizes she has been tricked and stands up, angry at ZEUS.
They are annoyed and walk away.
The doors shut.
He saws the entrails loose and throws them on to the floor.
The MORTICIAN looks at the mess, horrified.
The store explodes and burns.
They are angry at ALLEN.
We hear SCREAMS.
When they are gone, he unlatches the driver's door and, with an effort, pulls it open.
Intimidated by the aggressive traffic around him, James allows the front wheel of the car to strike the curb of the central reservation, throwing a tornado of dust and cigarette packs on to the windshield.
Flooring the accelerator, Vaughan swerves in front of it, tires screaming over the blaring horn of the taxi.
James stops the car.
Gabrielle lies back.
James turns the car into the traffic.
His face is fixed in a rigid mask as he cuts in and out of the traffic lanes, surging ahead in the fast lane until he is abreast of them and then sliding back behind them, allowing other cars to cut between them and then taking up a watchful position in the slow lane.
He pulls up beside them and then cuts viciously across three lanes of traffic to hit them broadside.
The traffic behind them has already been slowing and thus easily avoids hitting the sports car when it comes bouncing to a halt across two traffic lanes.
James jumps out of the car, then immediately slows with a limp.
Now the road ahead curves again, and just as Catherine enters the curve, James gives her a seriously violent jolt.
We pull up and away from the couple on the ground until we lose them behind the overturned sports car, then rise and pivot until we are once again watching the frantic lanes of traffic hurtling by obliviously only a few meters away..
A car is being hoisted up by a municipal tow truck while its owner is having a terrible screaming arguement with a parking enforcement officer.
They are immediately attacked by fourteen or fifteen screaming KIDS between the ages of seven and ten.
They explode with anger both at him and each other while Spengler monitors them through the glass.
He grabs Stantz by both ears and pulls up.
Venkman walks right out into the middle of the street, completely oblivious to the CARS HONKING and whizzing past him and starts motioning like a traffic cop, bringing traffic to a standstill.
He screams and falls to his knees.
The noise of the JACKHAMMER is so loud, Spengler doesn't notice the police car and the two COPS inside looking at them.
As he stares into the foul effluent, we become aware of the strangely amplified and magnified sounds of great ENGINES THROBBING and pulsing in the bowels of the city, of WATER RUSHING through pipes, STEAM HISSING through ducts, the muffled RUMBLE of the SUBWAY and the ROAR of TRAFFIC, and mixed with it all, the unmistakable sounds of human conflict and pain -- VOICES SHOUTING in anger, SCREAMING in fear, GROANING in pain, a sad and eerie symphony.
Venkman and Spengler stop pulling up the cable and Venkman tries the belligerent worker ploy again, only this time he's wearing a Nynex hardhat.
Stantz can be heard ranting over Venkman's walkie-talkie.
Desperate now, he kicks wildly and knocks loose a section of an old, rusting conduit.
Then suddenly all Hell breaks loose as TWO FULL-TORSO APPARITIONS explode out of the specimen jar.
They start punching through the jury box.
They switch on their throwers and turn to face the raging phantasms.
He stomps on a control pedal and the Scoleri Brothers are drawn into the traps which snap shut.
Janine sees it and screams.
He continues venting his rage on the slime.
He hangs up.
He grabs a big open Hefty bag on the floor and starts throwing garbage into it.
He rushes over and stops them at the door.
Stantz suddenly realizes how ridiculous they look.
The Mayor is impatient and a little angry at having been pulled out of his formal reception.
Hardemeyer shakes his hand and exits as the door slams shut on the Ghostbusters.
Vigo bellows in rage.
She responds by Frisbee-ing his hat down.
Bang!
Suddenly the coquettishness in the eyes becomes rage.
It's about to tilt over when West grabs both the horses' ears, yanks them back -- screaming into them.
West takes off his guns and puts them on the table.
West unleashes a lightning punch that drives Gordon across the train car.
While the Guard squints at his empty palm, West grabs his head with his other hand and smacks it into the lawn jockey's fist...  clang!
As he BREAKS the PANE on the French door with his gun butt...  West lets himself in.
Amazonia grabs her by the throat, choking the word off.
It stops with a CLUNK.
Now the women throw grapes on the floor.
West keeps a lid on his temper.
As they disappear into the throng of well- wishers, West takes a thin lock-pick out of his hat band.
Damn.
This immediately elicits a scream and a slap in the face that shocks the bejesus out of the black cowboy.
How the fuck did that happen?
Rita holds on for dear life as the mad Mountain Man drives the carriage at full speed right into the crowd -- scattering them.
Loveless turns to him, cocks his head.
It sits next to the fallen General's gramophone ear and cocks his head.
Grimsrud, the dour man who has not yet spoken, now softly puts in with a Swedish-accented voice: Jerry enters through the kitchen door, in a parka and a red plaid Elmer Fudd hat.
We hear the crack of the back-door window being smashed.
As the two men enter, a door at the far side is slamming shut.
Wade is angry.
He shuts the door.
After a motionless beat he picks up the phone and punches in a number.
Both cars have stopped.
He squeals into a U- turn, the driver's door slamming shut with his spin.
She hangs up.
As we track in, we hear inarticulate cursing, intermittent banging and loud static.
Jerry slams down the phone, which immediately rings.
Noise muted by distance, we watch Jerry slam down the reciever, rise to his feet, fling the phone to the floor, raise his desk blotter high over his head with pens and pencils rolling off it and slam it onto his desktop.
He hauls him up - - punches him and flings him away.
There is a knock at the door.
Shep hits him twice, then grabs both of his ears and starts banging his head against the wall.
Shep knees Carl repeatedly, then dumps him onto the floor and starts whipping him with the buckle end of the belt.
A door slams offscreen.
It creeps over to the parked car and stops.
He pulls out a gun and fires into Wade's gut.
He wrestles Wade's body into the trunk, slams it shut and walks back to the scene of the shooting.
Gary slams his door shut and the other man plants his shovel in the snow.
He is yanking his parka from a hook behind the opened door and grabbing a pair of galoshes.
Marge's voice is flat with dismay: She grabs the phone and punches in a number.
He slaps keys down on the table.
An ambulance punches through after it.
Kat has to SLAM the brakes to keep from hitting him Michael begins fearfully, pedaling as Kat PEELS out, angry at the delay.
WALTER STRATFORD, a blustery, mad scientist-type obstetrician, enters through the front door, wearing a doctor's white jacket and carrying his black bag.
Patrick shuts his graffiti-encrusted locker, revealing Joey's angry visage, glowering next to him.
Joey sees through the bluff Joey starts to walk off Joey thinks for a frustrated moment, PUNCHES  the locker, then peels another fifty out of his wallet with a  menacing scowl.
Kat shoots her a glare She smiles sweetly and shuts the door behind her.
He yells out the window.
MUSIC is blaring and the door is shut.
Kat's face shows utter hatred A RUCKUS sounds from the next room The other jocks rush to watch as two Coffee Kids splash their cupfuls on each other.
Chastity glares with a jealous fury after Bianca and Joey, then gives Cameron the once-over and walks away.
Bianca shuts the door and leans on it with a sigh.
He sits her down on the slide and shakes her like a rag doll.
Their faces grow closer as if they're about to kiss And then Patrick turns away Kat stares at him, pissed.
Then gets out of the car, SLAMMING the door shut behind her.
She motions again, and looks toward the window with an expression that says, "Make a break for it, moron."
He shuts off the car and turns to her.
Kat turns to him, getting angry.
She breaks it in half before she SLAMS the car door and walks into the house.
Kat pushes the door shut with a SLAM Cameron and Bianca sit together at their study cubby.
He mock stabs himself with a pencil as she giggles and smacks his hand away.
The door SLAMS again.
He SLAMS the door shut Kat pulls up in her car, emerging resplendent in an ice gown.
Joey, drunk, disorderly and pissed off, walks in with a few stray jocks - also dateless.
He zeroes in on Cameron, now consoling a pissed-off Bianca.
And she BELTS the hell out of him She BELTS him again And AGAIN Cliques now descend on Joey, punching him wildly.
He grabs her and kisses her to shut her up.
Bianca sits down next to her Bianca gives her a squeeze, then jumps up when the DOORBELL rings, opening the door to a waiting Cameron.
The door shuts behind her as Walter enters.
The door of the classroom FLIES open and an angry Kat stalks in, yanking Bianca from her chair and dragging her toward the hallway.
There's a knock on the door.
An annoy- ing customer enters.
He's in trouble.
They knock on her door.
William clambers over with terrible difficulty, dusts himself off, and heads towards where she stands.
He knocks on the door.
She opens the door, the same explosion.
He's unhappy for her.
In walks the annoying customer, Mr. Smith.
They pull to a stop.
The dog takes a snap at Melvin, but the man is much meaner and quicker than the dog -- he holds his snout shut with his hand and reaches for the door of the garbage chute.
Melvin locks and unlocks and locks his door, counting to five with each lock.
He stares out...  Frank frustrated following.
He barely reacts as we hear a LOUD KNOCKING at he reads.
Melvin throws open the door.
Melvin enters his apartment and slams the door shut.
Frank waits patiently as Melvin jerks his door back open.
He is expertly into foreplay.
She brings up a waste basket as he throws up...  she comforts him.
A cold night in hell.
Three young men bullshit near the approach to the tunnel.
Melvin stops -- she passes behind him to deliver an uncharacteristic rabbit punch.
Vincent quickly and expertly picks a CD to meet his immediate needs and puts it on -- dying a little at every second of silence during the transition...  then LOUD MUSIC PLAYS...  Vincent even GOOSING the VOLUME.
And he uses the hat rack first as a spear, then as a club, as the brief savage attack begins.
A short laugh makes us realize that Melvin has witnessed and enjoyed Frank's hostile mutterings...  VERDELL starts WHIMPERING as a pissed Frank approaches his mugger: Frank pushes open the door to Melvin's apartment and places Verdell inside.
Melvin nods -- a bit frustrated about not being able to finish his dog story.
Exhilarated by his own words, he shuts down the machine...
Frank knocking on Melvin's door.
She nods, pissed, waves and leaves.
Nora holding her things, knocks on Melvin's door.
Melvin is thrown.
He knocks of Simon's door...
Melvin has no idea he has insulted her.
We FOLLOW her as she goes into her room -- takes her suitcase, begins throwing things in.
Carol thrusts open the door and enters...  Simon struggles with his shirt -- she helps him, inadvertently venting some anger as she does so.
Where Verdell's ears prick.
Walter snaps the book shut and looks up at Trevor.
BACK TO SPEED as Dennis explodes forward, body blocking Trevor from behind, pinning him against a wall and sending the "187" textbook flying.
Childress weighs a shit-eating grin as he glances at Trevor's name on the board.
A group of boys grin mischieviously at the reaction they get from Trevor...  continue smashing the ball against bungalows.
The shadows of the basketball players rage inside the bungalow.
Benny shuts it off.
Benny's really pissed now.
Venting rage, Benny walks up the wounded Tagger and STARTS SHOOTING (one hand high near his face, shooting downward.).
ON bug zapper above garage, a churning, SLOW MOTION swarm of bugs repeatedly throw themselves headlong into the light.
At a stalemate now.
This is one fucked-up little girl.
In a rage, Cesar digs into his pocket and throws twenty dollars in his mother's face.
One of the windows is smashed-in.
Provocative epithets tag the walls...  "Pinche madre", "Puto" and "Fuck you G!" A curious stream of students fill the room now.
Childress vents his anger at them...
He grabs Barsek by the throat.
He simmers.
Shuts out the world.
Chokes down a shit-eating grin.
His expression reads: "Please kill me".
He places a screwdriver into the exposed lock assembly and hits it with a sledgehammer.
In a series of frustrated grunts and groans he becomes more and more aggravated until, finally -- He bolts out of bed and throws the clock into the wall.
Sucking on his beer, Willie paces the periphery of the room, methodically knocking painting after painting off the walls.
Amid the bustle of holiday shopping, an angry heavy-set man with a Grizzly Adams beard stomps away from the pursuing store manager, Bob Chipeska.
Marcus pantomimes helpless laughter, noiselessly throwing his head back and holding his gut as it heaves with mirth.
He takes a bottle from the floor by his feet and swigs off it.
He grabs the hat, slams it into Willie's chest and, as Willie rises, kicks him in the ass.
The hat is slipping askew.
She hands him the slip of paper and ambles off, calling back over her shoulder: Willie, nodding understanding, turns to reach for his car door and -- -- the accompanying PAN OVER brings in the screaming homophobe.
Willie throws checkers one by one against the wall, punctuating each throw with an insult.
He is wearing his Santa hat.
Faintly, distantly, a blood-curdling scream.
Willie wakes on the floor to the sound of the scream.
He looks blearily up and immediately grabs his head, feeling his hangover.
He immediately caroms off and goes screaming down the hall.
Willie is left alone in the middle of the kitchen.
Someone in the group of frustrated bullies has a fresh idea: Cheering, the six bullies engulf the kid.
Finally one in the foreground remarks: Their POV: rather distant, on a grassy hill a man in a Santa suit is pounding the shit out of the bullies.
One of the bullies throws a punch, but Santa grabs his fist and pushes him down.
Facing the CAMERA, Willie's in his underpants and Santa hat lying on the floor on top of Sue.
Willie runs out of the room very upset, Willie grabs a bottle of whiskey off the counter and hurries out, slamming the door.
WILLIE sleeps it off behind a flimsy cardboard set.
He emerges from the 4 X 4 with road rage on full brew, and strides over to the van.
The table makes a loud noise, but it's too chaotic on the floor for anyone to notice.
As the alarm continues to count down, 12...  11... a distant scream grows louder until -- -- in nearby Men's Wear, the vent in the 30-foot ceiling bursts open and -- -- Marcus drops from the duct.
THUD!
The far side of the table smashes into the wall beneath the alarm box.
Willie squeezes his eyes shut.
Exploding merchandise chases along the counter behind Willie as the cops seek to put him down.
Willie drives, his jaw set, a desperate man in a Santa suit.
Frozen in a semi-circle at the foot of the neighboring lawn, an army of cops has guns trained on the felled Santa Claus, who is sprawled on the neighbor's stoop, motionless.
SHIT HAPPENS.
A couple of CONVICTS in the back start to protest.
They fall silent immediately.
A guard stops outside the darkened cell, looks around to make sure no one is watching, then pulls out a GUN with a SILENCER, reaches through the bars and FIRES REPEATEDLY into Vitti's shadowy form under the blanket.
Prisoners and guards stare at him like he's nuts.
Coyote stabs at him again, but Vitti dodges and smashes him over the head with the tray.
But let me warn you, Doctor.
If he fucks up in any way -- if he flees, or if I find out that this whole thing was just a setup so he could get back on the street and return to a life of crime -- I will hold you totally responsible, and I'll see that you are stripped of your license and prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
I didn't hear you the tenth fuckin' time.
A DOOR SLAMS somewhere, then Sheila storms into the room sobbing, her hair askew, tucking her blouse into her skirt.
This is so fuckin' retarded.
Row.
You wanna shut the fuck up?
He just told me to shut the fuck up.
He grabs Sheila and pulls her down as GUNFIRE rakes the wall behind them.
The guy screams.
The guy keeps screaming.
Vitti conferring with Raoul and Tony Bella on the script, ripping out whole sections.
There's a loud KNOCK on the door and Ben storms in.
Ben drives, pissed off.
Vitti takes off running, ducking behind the rows of parked cars.
Vitti looks pissed.
Frustrated, he tries to bite the cap off, then gives up and throws the bottle away.
Suddenly he is grabbed from behind and slammed up against the door by Enormous Bobby.
Ben puts the gun into the waistband of his dungarees, but it slips through and drops into his pants.
Vitti smashes it on a rock with the butt of his gun, then tosses it back to Ben.
He cocks the gun and is about to pull the trigger when Ben suddenly roars and slams him in the head with his gun.
Wiseguys are FIRING AUTOMATIC WEAPONS at cops who are pinned down behind police cruisers.
Raoul strides out into the street, furious, still talking through his bullhorn.
She pays for an order of pork bao; as she takes her first bite we see: TWO OFFICES ON THE SIXTH FLOOR BLOWN OUT - a huge fireball erupting over one side of the embassy.
Lee may be a big rusty, but he puts on a shit-kicking move that leaves the students blown away.
Carter throws a series of QUICK PUNCHES, but the kids have no reaction.
Carter continues to throw punches.
Carter, frustrated, tries to grab the kids out of the air as they fly by, but they elude him.
CARTER GRABS THE LAPTOP from Ricky and throws it across the room - SHATTERING IT against the wall.
But they are blocked by TAN'S MEN. Lee grabs one of the men's towels and pulls it off.
Lee is grabbed by one of the other henchmen, but he escapes and begins kicking ass, using the towel and his own robe to block and wrap another man's arms -- blocking, kicking, and punching everything in sight -- all the while managing to keep his privates covered with a towel, his robe, or some other found object.
Carter uses the towel like Lee did to block and trap one of the men's punches.
In the middle of fighting, Lee is suddenly exposed -- he flinches to cover himself and is punched from behind.
AN EXPLOSION rips through the second floor of the station.
Carter steps out of the cab, which immediately drives off, leaving him alone on the docks.
CARTER walks up to the front of the boat -- TWO DOORMEN HOLDING clipboards immediately stop him.
He quickly disarms the guard and grabs him by the throat, pushing him against the wall.
A furious exchange of acrobatic blows between Lee and Bodyguard #2.
CAMERA STAYS on Isabella as she takes out her CELL PHONE, punches in a number.
Carter and Lee enter the busy kitchen where the OWNER, a BLACK MAN named KENNY, is yelling in Chinese to an over worked waiter.
When most of the other WORKERS pull guns; other TRIAD SOLDIERS step out, putting their guns close on Lee and Carter.
Isabella's knocked him out from behind with the butt of her gun.
As Carter walks towards the truck by Hu Li, they exchange a look of sheer hatred.
Carter and Lee slam the back doors SHUT -- bolting them CLOSED and run like hell - scrambling into what looks like the closest way out: A LARGE OPEN PIPE on the side of the tunnel.
The blvd.'s packed with PEOPLE and CARS. Lee and Carter coming up from the manhole -- standing together in stunned disbelief as they look out at the LAS VEGAS STRIP.
Fire shoots from its nostrils every 60 FIRE BALLS BLOW out over the strip as Lee and Carter look up at the RED DRAGON.
Dice ROLLING on a craps table.
Carter walks up to a CRAPS TABLE, everyone turning to stare.
Carter throws a HUNDRED THOUSAND in $100 BILLS onto the table.
as he passes directly under the camera, clearly mouthing the words "oh shit" as he rolls by. Lee looks to his left, sees the SOFT COUNT ROOM -- a mountain of COUNTERFEIT SUPERBILLS that are waiting to be paid out.
Hu Li threw the punch, a roll of quarters in her hand as she stands over him with FIVE TRIAD SOLDIERS.
She puts the small grenade in Lee's mouth, tapes it shut.
Lee has the tape around his mouth and his hands tied behind his back as he's led into the room by Hu Li.
As they walk toward the door marked "VIP ROOM", Carter glances at the MEN, knows he's in deep shit.
Isabella cocks the gun, spins back and kicks the detonator from Hu Li's hand -- slamming her against the wall and sticking the gun under her chin.
He fights with one hand tied behind his back.
He can't see it, but he does see: Carter on top of a CRAPS TABLE, keeping security guards at bay with a croupier stick.
POW!
Kicks and punches fly, but Lee CAN'T GET HIT IN THE MOUTH!
Horrified, he SCREAMS at CARTER through the tape.
Tan grabs Reign from behind and stabs him with a knife.
Carter SCREAMS.
Both KICKING HIM Tan falls back, SMASHING THROUGH THE WINDOW.
Lee and Carter DIVE OUT THE WINDOW, grab a cable just as the The FIREBALL SHOOTS out as they start to slide down the side of the hotel.
They flip under it, do a loop before they SLAM AGAINST THE It's KNOCKED LOOSE and they fall with it toward VEGAS BLVD. Lee and Carter hang on as they drop to the street.
In front of the hotel WE SEE FIRE TRUCKS, AMBULANCE, POLICE CARS and Isabella and Sterling arresting TWENTY TRIADS.
Next to him is a table of TEXANS in cowboy hats.
Kelly throws a Karate punch for a PHOTOGRAPHER.
She hangs up.
She holds her toe, annoyed with her klutziness.
The Bartender gets mad and starts shooting a real-looking BB gun at him.
He hangs up.
He's not in the mood, he looks at her like he already hates himself, doesn't need more help.
Steam rises from the pot on the table.
In the darkness, under covers, Charlotte is woken up by a loud fire alarm.
The door shuts- he missed his floor.
The elevator continues up, and stops on her floor.
OVER this scene the BAND'S SONG RUSHES IN LOUD again, reaching an incredible CRESCENDO as the violent frenzy continues -- the monster gnawing at the Dealer's neck.
Thump!
Thump!
Darkness.
Quick flashes of gruesome period newspaper drawings, blood pouring from the neck of a screaming woman.
Murmurs.
Her frustration rises, she can no longer contain it.
With a horrified expression, he realizes he's sucking his blood.
His strength leaving him, Lestat slumps flat on the floor.
Marius, in the shadows, is fuming.
Marius turns to Lestat, furious.
One knocks on the door.
The door shuts behind her.
That stops Lestat.
Punches in the code.
He slams his fist down in fury.
Marius moves at super-speed, grabs Lestat by the neck, and pins him down.
She pours on the effort, hurdles a hedge, jumps the stairs and makes the door, rips it open, bolts inside and SLAMS it shut.
which suddenly begins SCREAMING IN JAPANESE, ITS JAW From under piles of clothes and sheets, PARKER MacLEOD, 17, Drew's twin sister, opens one eye, shuts OFF the shrieking ALARM CLOCK.
Everybody stops what they're doing for a BEAT.
Drew shuts the door and hustles off into the train station.
Parker stoops to help collect a couple of things but Drew, mad at hell, swats her hand away.
Packed with frustrated COMMUTERS.
Drew has reached the counter, where a bitter TRAIN CLERK who wishes he'd paid attention in school is tired of angry commuters.
Drew KNOWS SOME SKETCHY SHIT IS GOING DOWN buy she's only got this instant to consider.
The girls want OUT OF THIS CAR! Drew yanks out her inhaler and sucks on it.
On the far side, a HORSE CARRIAGE pulls away from the curb and at the last minute, Parker spots a fresh pile of...  ... HORSE SHIT, which she manages to leap.
Then they see Bennie crossing in traffic, huffing and puffing after them and not seeing the pile, which he hits in full stride, slips on, and PLOPS INTO on his ass.
IN THE STREET, Bennie's getting up, brushing the crap off.
She lies there on the floor, holding the door and WHISPERS LOUDLY to Drew.
Unfortunately for them, to get to the front door they have to pass by...  ... the PLAZA MANAGER and the other HOUSE SECURITY AGENT, BRUCE (butch haircut, bad suit.),
MacLEOD HOUSE - CHARLEY'S STUDY Head thrown back, mouth wide open, still in his        bathrobe, Charley sleeps in the chair directly in front of        his laptop.
Charley hangs up, punches a key on his computer.
Drew makes a mad dash down a hallway, makes a turn, another turn, working her way deeper into the labyrinth.
She hurriedly crosses, enters a stall, locks the door and puts her feet up.
This is when the CHINESE REP stands, furious, and points an accusatory finger at Drew!
Once outside, he YELLS AGAIN.
The JAPANESE GIRLS turn around and STORM BACK THROUGH THE DOORS, blocking Williamson and Hogan's EXIT.
Drew wipes her tears, then: She opens the door and jumps out! Parker starts to open her door on the TRAFFIC SIDE! HONK HONK!
She sprints past the other SHOW OFFICIALS checking in Drew has entered HER OWN PERSONAL CIRCLE OF HELL -- DOGS A GROOMER combing a HOUND DOG points toward the CURTAINS on the far side of the room and she blasts off that direction.
Who gives a crap?
Hogan leaves them alone.
Busted.
top.location.href=location.href
Renise throws down her butt and storms off.
The Boyfriend throws the Ear-Muff Guy to the ground and is about to pummel him when Ted intervenes.
The doors SLAM shut and as the ambulance pulls away Ted starts to WHIMPER and we can see Mary fade into the night, as we Ted, now in his 30's, lays on his therapist's couch.
Suddenly MUSIC explodes through his headphones--Healy's jolted awake.
Who threw the grenade?
There's COKE on the table, DOG SHIT on the floor, and FLIES everywhere.
Suddenly Warren SUCKER-PUNCHES HEALY IN THE THROAT.
Healy pulls into traffic and follows.
Finally Tucker stops in front of a lavish Victorian home and gets out carrying a pizza and wearing a PIZZA DELIVERY HAT.
Healy grabs Tucker by the hair and cocks his arm.
Healy is throwing DOGGIE TREATS through an open THIRD-FLOOR We hear the TELEVISION and see Magda DOZING on the couch with a watery COCKTAIL IN HER HAND and the dog Puffy at her feet.
Tucker keeps throwing the treats up and Healy looks concerned.
As Tucker throws another...
He KNOCKS OVER A LAMP, tumbles onto the floor, and fights for his life.
Ted tries to CRAWL TOWARD THE DOOR but Puffy GRABS THE CUFF OF HIS room.
Finally Ted goes into the cage, SIGNALS THE GUY TO STOP THE PITCHING MACHINE, and MOVES WARREN A LITTLE CLOSER TO THE PLATE.
Then he seems to grow angry.
Ted ENTERS and immediately reacts to the STENCH.
SHIT is everywhere, FLIES fill the room, a MOUSE scampers across the carpet.
Suddenly Ted SLAMS THE DOOR shut and grabs Healy by the collar.
Healy grabs Tucker by the neck.
How the hell you think This gets Ted's attention.
Suddenly a BUS WHIZZES BY AND SMACKS TED BROADSIDE.
Breaks up.
David is livid -- the words "Bullshit" are overlapped  by his mother.
A piece of Carol's VOICE breaks through now and again as we PULL BACK revealing a frustrated Kirk.
Crewmen are hurled through the air, screaming.
They search wildly for the right switch, but...  punching.
As the eel clears Chekov, he fires and destroys it.
He punches several buttons.
He punches at his console.
The Bridge rattles from the explosion below; Sulu is thrown from his chair.
fires torpedo; one which hits, destroying Reliant's weapons pod on top.
He is huddled up against the glass, destroyed.
The bagpipes STOP.
Ed shuts off the clippers and give the apron a flap.
Big Dave morosely absorbs the angry words from Doris.
He slaps at the pig's ass with a large straw hat.
She murmurs.
They convulse.
A beat.
The door slams.
A warder shuts the door behind Ed.
Burns pockets his notebook, adjusts his hat, jams his hands into his pockets, and ambles out of the room.
The slam of the door leaves quiet.
The door shuts behind him.
The murmur of the crowd subsides as a door behind the judge's bench opens and the judge hurriedly enters.
Ed and Diedrickson sit on adjacent stools, Diedrickson cocking his hat lower to its man-sitting-at-a-bar position.
Ed stands in the middle background, knocking on a door.
It is a two-lane road with little traffic.
A car pulls into the drive.
Another slams into an old man and knocks him over.
He looks eerily like Mel Gibson at the beginning of Mad Max.
Ronnie burns down the lane beside him.
He picks it up, reads it, balls it up, and throws it at Ronnie.
Just then, SADDAMN, an angry Middle Easterner with shitloads of cell phones and beepers strapped to him, comes running up to Ronnie.
He is fucking out of it!
They walk out and lock the doors behind them.
She starts SNORING loud as hell.
She SCREAMS bloody murder...
It looks dumb.
Detective Harrison is seriously annoyed.
Ronnie stops.
Ronnie stands up and walks out with Brandi, shutting off the light as he leaves.
She opens the door and starts to get in -- Before she can argue, Ronnie guns the golf cart and drives away.
It's full of cheap fabrics, lots of imitation silks and shit.
Ronnie comes out of the closet and he's wearing a ridiculous fucking outfit.
He looks like a goddamn fool.
Ronnie's car is a piece-of-shit Subaru.
Brandi is shit- faced and yelling at people out of the window.
It's like that scene in Training Day where all the gangsters are hanging out right across the street with guns and shit.
They come up behind him as he speaks to the kids...  Ronnie turns around to look for Harrison's return, but instead he sees that he is surrounded by a large group of pissed-off GANG MEMBERS.
The Gang Members stand in Ronnie's way and cock their guns.
Ronnie breaks arms and busts heads like a fucking ninja.
Gang Member #1 comes in and hits Ronnie with a sucker punch, busting his nose wide open.
The other Trainees fall behind Ronnie as he smokes their asses.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Ronnie stops.
Nell and Saddamn turn and walk towards the door.
Ronnie beats the shit out of Harrison's car.
Harrison pushes Brandi out of the car and shuts himself back in.
Detective Harrison cocks the gun.
Dennis sucks down a fat joint.
He's fucking drunk.
They get to the doors and lock up for the night.
Dennis cocks back and whacks Ronnie again.
He grabs a calendar and throws it on the ground in a violent baby-like outburst.
He then opens the door and slams it into the wall over and over again.
He looks ridiculous.
Ronnie gets pissed!
People scream!
Ronnie jumps on top of the Perv and beats the ever-living shit out of him.
Ronnie is stuck in traffic.
He looks ridiculous in the orange golf cart on a city street with a Pervert chained up beside him, but Ronnie could care less.
Off screen, the house DOOR SLAMS SHUT.
Lucy is upset but manages to remain calm.
THUMP.
THUMP.
Martha shuts the door locking her in.
Beat.
Max takes the gun out of her hand and fires several shots.
THUMP.
Lucy is furious.
Beat.
Beat.
Martha walks towards the car, her anger is building.
As she gets to the top of the road she picks up a rock and throws it through the car window.
THUMP.
THUMP.
THUMP.
Suddenly Katie lunges at the man and stabs him in the neck.
Blood spurts out and she stabs him again in the ribs.
Beat.
She trips.
She kicks him.
Everybody watches with dumbfounded expressions as Tommy SAILS IN ON HIS AIR BOARD AND SLIDES INTO DEAD CENTER.
Zedd flashes her an angry look, turns back to Ivan.
Now, incredibly, the RATS GROWN INTO GRUNTING, SNARLING MAN Ivan raises his arms -- thunder CRACKLES and LIGHTNING RIPS An EXPLOSION OF PURPLE SMOKE CONSUMES IVAN.
Two rats charge Aisha and she LEAPS UPWARD - the pair SMASH into each other.
The rats immediately scurry off.
Eventually he looks up and the lines LOCK ON TO THE PULSATING FORMS  OF The creatures LEAP DOWN and we see the Rangers pull off KICKS, SUCKER PUNCHES, SPINBACK-ROUNDHOUSES, you name it.
One of the beasts TACKLES Tommy and the pair go TUMBLING OWN A TWENTY FOOT ROCK PILE.
There's a beast at the other end and he goes FLIPPING THROUGH Tommy throws Saba Saber and the knife SWOOPS THROUGH THE AIR and zings around the beasts as they try to knock him down.
Up ahead, there's a PILLAR OF BLACK SMOKE rising from the Command Center.
Alpha shakes his head, punches in the final codes.
He snarls.
The Tengu attack with unbelievable ferocity They SLASH with their claws, STAB with their beaks and BATTER with their wings.
He gets so excited that he starts throwing punches and kicks.
The Rangers recover and exchange expressions of utter disbelief The figure speaks in a HOARSE WHISPER.
The Rangers stand there with stunned expressions.
He heaves a frustrated sigh.
He SMASHES a couple of trash  cans with his bat.
Snoggle CHARGES Dulcea, SLAMS INTO HER.
He then hurries inside and SLAMS the door.
He does a ridiculous mock salute.
He SPRINGS TO ACTION pulling off a lightning quick IRON HAMMER FIST STRIKE, a PALM HEEL BLOCK, A FRONT KICK WITH JUMPING Mordant is getting pummeled.
The ocean RAGES BELOW.
She finally drops into a crane stance...  then just like Dulcea she LEAPS THROUGH THE AIR, EXECUTES A BRUTAL SPINNING HELL KICK and sends the birdman TUMBLING OFF THE BRIDGE.
Instantly, the remaining Tengu retreat, SQUAWKING and CAWWING  in rage.
We see images of PEOPLE SCREAMING THEIR GUTS out as they Zordon speaks in a whisper.
The crowd gets angrier.
The train glides to a complete stop and the doors SLIDE OPEN .
There's a BLAM, BLAM, BLAM as Scorpitron REPEATEDLY FIRES his cannon arm at the Bear Zord, who in turn DEFLECTS THE VOLLEYS.
Scorpitron repeatedly KICKS at the Frog Zord with it's BLADED FEET, SENDING UP OSCILLATORY DISCHARGES, at the same time Hornitor BORES IT'S DRILL ARM INTO THE APE ZORD, SENDING The Bear Zord CHARGES HORNITOR and the two Mastodons go Hornitor SEARS the Wolf Zord with it's needle-nose.
In retaliation, the Wolf Zord POUNCES, KNOCKING HORNITOR INTO THE STREET.
Remarkably, these enormous machines pull off DOUBLE PUNCHES, DROP KICKS, ROUNDHOUSE HOOKS, SPINBACK BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, BOOM -- The Megazord STRAFES Ivan/Scorpitron with EXPLODING MISSILES.
He takes a final, DEVASTATING BLOW, SENDS MEGAZORD HURTLING There's an APOCALYPTIC FIREWORKS DISPLAY AS TEN MILLION VOLTS The kids are SHOWERED WITH SPARKS  - ELECTRICAL TENTACLES SPLAY Rolls clear, SMOKE AND SPARKS SPITTING FROM ITS JOINTS.
THWACK!
CRUNCH!
He SMASHES the machine mercilessly.
FLAMES ERUPT in the cockpit  - everything SHAKES and RATTLES Biily punches information into a keyboard.
There's a violent row going on in the room above his head.
He feels ridiculous, his skin alabaster against the brown bodies.
Dickie catches his hangdog expression and pushes open the accordion doors.
He mimes a high-hat and snare.
Dickie, furious, gets up, and lurches towards Ripley.
He starts to sob, sprawls there, sobbing, next to Dickie, horrified by what he's done.
He's shivering.
She takes her money, turns to him.
Ripley has his hands behind his back.
Freddie knocks on the door which pushes open.
It's chaos, a Police Officer shouts him away as Ripley puts up a protective hand and runs inside.
Ripley is appalled.
Ripley sits in the middle of a bustling Police Station, where thefts, tourists, thieves and complaints are being processed.
HIS DOOR KNOCKER IS BEING REPEATEDLY SHAKEN.
Marge knocks on his door.
He shuts the door.
She screams and turns back to visit Ripley, and is unlocking the door.
Ripley knocks on the door.
He waits for the door to shut.
It swings shut.
Marie lashes out with a haymaker punch.
The drunken Marie has the upper hand, the alcohol fueling her rage.
They are both on CELLPHONES, both talking angry, fast Spanish.
The FLASH of the camera fills the room...  FLASHBULBS explode as Marie accompanies her stepfather up the steps of the austere Blue Bay courthouse, surrounded by a gaggle of sound bite hungry pressmen... Jay puts his hand up to block the intrusive lenses.
The Court erupts, flashbulbs exploding.
camera, and a whole shit load of work ahead...
Marie's blood boils.
She lets the champagne bottle slip through her fingers and it smashes on the concrete floor.
She's a bad liar.
Nothing like good old fashioned vengeful rage to combat a nasty hangover.
Her piercing screams force Elena to come running...  Marie stops screaming, her face contorting in anger...
Through the smashed rear window she sees the line of FIRE racing towards the car she's trapped in!
Marie looks at him like he's mad.
Marie screams out!
And as the disbelief gives way to anger she rips the portrait from the case and tears it to shreds...  There's no stopping her now.
BANG!
Followed by SCREAMS.
In spite of all the shit that's gone down, he's probably the happiest son of a bitch in all of Blue Bay.
Mr. Barajas is in his usual foul mood...  Morrison stops, regards Barajas... Elena and Kristen lay side-by-side on loungers, soaking in the sun, when a voice rouses them...
Throws them onto the ground, letting them roll towards Jay...  small circle, until they come to rest in the middle of the concrete floor... Jay's tiny mind can't take it all in.
There is a knock on the door.
There is a knock at the door.
He is a violent, militant Bolshevik.
The telegram fills him with rage.
The others go on to the door and wait for him there.
He knows it is too late to do anything about it except to stand one foot behind the other, as Ninotchka types faster, the clicking of her keys twice as loud.
GROUND FLOOR -- EIFFEL TOWER, shooting toward the elevator door.
There is a knock at the door.
As she passes the showcase of the millinery shop again, she stops and looks at the same hat.
The Driver puts his hand on the handle of his cab's door expectantly.
Swana stops, pretending complete astonishment.
During the following speech, Ninotchka's expression does not change.
CLOSE SHOT -- LEON'S HAT, shot through the bedroom door into the living room where it lies on the table.
With a knock-out blow, Leon sends him to the floor, then, leaning over the counter, he shouts.
At this moment a door to one of the adjoining rooms opens and Gurganov, a middle-aged man with a sour stool-pigeon expression, walks quietly through the room to another door, taking in the girls with one sly glance and giving the impression that not only his eyes but his ears are open.
Ninotchka is left alone.
... From the Exploiters for the Toilers.
After a little while the door to the corridor opens and Ninotchka's other roommate, the street-car conductor, strides in.
Ninotchka, left alone, sits down.
-his irritates the Dude further.
An  end  table  is  upset,  but  otherwise the  furniture is in place.
The car stops in front of him and he opens the Dude's door and hands in the briefcase.
Shit. . .
I'm not handling the money and driving the car and talking on the phone all by my fucking-- Walter looks over at the Dude and bellows: Click.
The Dude taps the floor with his foot.
The door is slammed behind him.
One of them holds a string at the other end of which a small animal skitters excitedly about the floor.
The Dude screams.
The bartender puts a brown bottle and a frosted glass on the bar in front of The Stranger, who touches his hat brim.
He brushes his hat brim with a fingertip.
The Dude is sucking down a joint.
The Dude screams.
The Chief hurls his steaming mug of coffee at the Dude.
Throughout, Maude has been lying on her back with her knees pulled in.
The Dude finishes punching a number into the phone.
She's been kidnapped, Da Fino.
Walter's car pulls up the drive into the foreground and he and the Dude get out.
Quintana is bellowing from the lip of the lane, and is restrained by O'Brien.
Walter, his head cocked, and the Dude, peeking over his shades, watch him go.
Walter's eyes, burning with hatred, are locked on Dieter's.
In a rage, Dieter charges.
Awkwardly circling, evading Franz's kicks.
With a piercing shriek Franz finally summons the nerve to charge the Dude, hands raised to deliver karate blows.
The Dude runs into the lanes.
Heretofore motionless, the Dude finally explodes, slapping Walter's hands away.
The Dude gives Walter a furious shove.
He brushes his hat brim with a fingertip as we begin to pull back.
The break-in ends when Leeper arrests the five men.
He lies back.
Behind them, two lawyers are clearly angry about something, talking and gesticulating to each other.
WOODWARD mutters "to hell with it" and reaches for a thick book, flips it open.
WOODWARD TYPING LIKE MAD, makes a mistake, corrects it, types on muttering to himself, and-- ROSENFELD IN HIS OFFICE munching a handful of Maalox tablets and-- WOODWARD taking a sheet from his typewriter, hurrying off and-- ROSENFELD taking the sheet from WOODWARD-- ROSENFELD nods, shows him out and-- WOODWARD BACK AT HIS MACHINE typing faster then before, makes another mistake, starts to correct it, glances around and-- ROSENFELD IN HIS OFFICE gesturing to somebody but not WOODWARD and-- WOODWARD watching as BERNSTEIN appears in view from behind the wide pillar by WOODWARD's desk, heads toward ROSENFELD's office.
WOODWARD is starting to steam.
The LIBRARIAN looks at them, quickly-- And just like that, he's back into his office, and as he shuts the door-- WOODWARD AND BERNSTEIN walking along through the Library of Congress.
WOODWARD and BERNSTEIN watch him go, they are embarrassed, angry, crushed.
He punches the button marked Intercom and we can hear it BUZZ somewhere.
He whirls.
He knocks again, louder.
We hear BERNSTEIN explaining-- Now on those words-- WOODWARD and BERNSTEIN pulled over to one side.
They both look bleary and in foul moods.
Then-- And he hangs up.
You can't see a goddamn thing.
A FROZEN SHOT OF MUSKIE IN THE SNOW in tears, standing on the flat-bed truck.
WOODWARD and BERNSTEIN tearing into BRADLEE's office--he stands scowling at the TV set in a corner of the room-- outside, it is raining like hell.
What I would like to do is cut from the FBI saying "fuck you fuck you fuck you" and locking his door to the following: WOODWARD and BERNSTEIN walking in the rain.
WOODWARD kicks his typewriter.
The bowler screams at a boy in the outfield.
The lanes in between the corrugated iron shacks are three feet wide, with an open drain running down the middle.
Without breaking step, they both jump expertly over the stream of piss.
Salim stops.
A tear-stained Jamal is furiously trying to batter Salim, but Salim's extra strength and height means that he can keep Jamal at bay with one hand, Jamal's flailing fists punching thin air.
Jamal is trying to intercept the ball that Salim and Krishna are throwing to each other.
From behind his back he produces a knife and runs towards Jamal, screaming.
Her scream.
Jamal wakes with a jolt and a scream half-swallowed in his mouth.
Immediately, Salim is on her.
The crowds in the lane barely notice as the car is stripped of all its parts.
A shout from the top of the lane and the boys scatter, bouncing the four wheels at speed down the lane.
He takes off his fake Guide's Badge and throws it in the fire.
He gets up, kicks the fire in rage and stomps after Jamal.
Jamal heads off through the traffic.
objects in it.)
Ray gets frustrated that she is going through HIS stuff.
they throw the ball back and fourth.
Ray throws the ball at Robbie hard enough to knock dust off his mitt.
Ray and Rachel both scurry on the floor under the table as the lighting goes on.
Ray gets angry that he is not going.
Ray throws Rachel's bag in the row of seats behind her, slams the door and starts walking to the driver side of the car.
Ray picks up the bread pieces and throws them at the sink window.
She shows him a tape of about 30 tripods destroying a city.
Ray shoves the map on the floorboard as he becomes more angry at Robbie.
Rachel begins to hyperventilate again as Ray comes up from behind her and throws his hands over her eyes and grabs her.
He has had enough of Robbie and goes up to him to tell him....  Robbie, who ignores him is still shouting for them to stop.
Ray and Robbie are about ready to start throwing punches at each other as the tanks continue rolling by.
They continue driving through the crowd as they become more and more mad at Ray for not letting them on.
Ray then screams to the rioting crowd who are now pulling him out of the driver's side window.
Ray pulls the man out and throws him back into the crowd.
Women in the crowd yell to "stop them" but nobody does so.
The man who is strangling Ray yells to "get in the car".
Ray grabs Rachel out of the car as the riot man gets in the driver's seat and closes the door.
The people in the car are screaming as the car fills with water.
As the ship completely capsizes, people are thrown or washed into the water.
Claws from the ship over head are grabbing people and pulling them into the robot's holds.
Rachel screams.
Robbie gets thrown back by them where Ray grabs him and pins him to the ground.
Gunfire can be heard alongside the screams from people.
Ray is very angry that Harland is saying things like that to his daughter.
Ray shakes his head no to get him to stop.
Harland goes towards ray so they can hide together.
Ray and Harland are in a silent fight for the gun.
Ray releases his grip and lies on a dirt pile next to Harland.
Rachel hears screams and grunts as the two men fight behind the door.
Rachel runs to the wall, still screaming as ray hit's the camera with his hands.
Rachel screams as he hit's the line.
Now in the car, lying upside down, he hears Rachel scream.
The first missile hit's the grabbing claws and knocks them off.
His other roommates, JAY and JASON fight with broom sticks.
is terrible but they are having a blast.
Oh, fuckin' booya.
Hell, I'm more famous than half the people we talk to anyway!
No one has the balls to sit them down and say, "Look, just cut the shit."But
Nobody sits `em down, eye-to- eye, one-on-one, and says...  "Cut the shit."
And all these stars just to fuck it up.
Ben throws the condom on the floor and rolls over onto Alison.
Ben is SNORING, his ass fully exposed.
Like who gives a shit?
She's like naked that whole fuckin' movie.
Fuck off.
What the hell is a dental dam?
I'm a fuckin' inventor?
What the fuck?!
Guys, I hate to crack the whip, but it's kind of, uh, business meeting time.
You've been mad because I've been working so much and I didn't want to upset you.
What do I give a shit?
Ben gets out of the car and immediately KNOCKS on the window.
Jason shuts the door on Pete.
Ben YELLS frantically.
He KNOCKS on the door.
The drizzle stops.
A snarl.
When he opens the door, four beings open fire with machine guns, blowing him away.
One kicks in the television and fires into the kitchen, blasting David's mother.
He screams and grabs at his legs.
Sean has exited the back of his flat to investigate his wife's complaints.
Its ears perk up and he growls in warning.
There is loud knocking on the door.
David turns in a rage.
The cop rushes out and slams the door behind him.
As the cop bolts the door shut.
The cops strain to keep them shut.
She jumps from the car before Dr. Hirsch can stop her.
The officers shout after her.
Delacroix YELLS.
POW.
He goes to his desk, picks up Delacroix's scripts and starts throwing them one by one against the window.
Again, it reads "FEED THE IDIOT BOX."
yelling.
They yell in unison.
Sloan locks the door.
Delacroix is screaming at the top of his lungs.
Delacroix continues to rant and rave.
He screams.
He wears a worn Pullman Porter uniform with red hat to match.
He's tapping fast and furious.
It's loud as hell as Delacroix enters this smoky, dark establishment.
It's dead in here.
The guy grabs his friend by the wrist and drags her kicking and screaming out the room.
He holds up his drink and kills it in one gulp.
Delacroix struggles to put the key in the door.
Mantan cocks his limp wrist.
The door slams.
He is incredulous.
Delacroix SCREAMS.
In a rage, he starts to throw them against the wall.
The shooting stops.
The twitching stops.
Delacroix is on the floor when the doorknob turns.
She's wheezing like mad.
She points the gun at his head.
The player nearest the window shuts it.
Now as Danny accuses him again, The Kid looks him squarely in the face.
As the gun clatters to the floor, and the others force the door, The Kid takes a step backward to provide enough momentum, then swings at Danny's middle with his left, dropping him, then jumps up on the wash basin and wriggles his way out through a window.
From the field comes the sharp CRACK of a bat against a ball, followed by a SHOUT from the crowd.
Finally, he puts on his hat and goes to the door.
He takes the money from his satchel.
The Shooter hands him the torn-up cards and unseals another pack, going through the same routine of throwing the jokers into his hat.
He has been rearranging his money, but Pig's words make his head jerk up and toward the door.
Lancey exposes his hole card.
He takes in the money.
The Kid grabs him and slams him against the wall.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
As he heads for the door, Lancey reacts to this.
The Kid exposes his hidden jack.
Melba starts to protest, but Felix jerks her out the door.
He lies back on the astroturf.
Renton lies on the floor.
-------- Renton curses as he slams down the receiver.
Renton locks the door.
The gun fires and the dog yelps, jumps up and bites its owner (the Skinhead.).
Begbie, furious, miscues, goes in off, etc. Tommy deliberately misses sitters and tries to look annoyed.
Screaming starts.
The screams and shouting continue below.
He strides towards the bleeding Woman and begins shouting.
walking on her own towards the door.
She kicks him.
She kicks him again.
Gail throws Spud's clothes to the floor and throws a blanket over him.
--------- Renton lies back, narcotized.
Renton lies back as before.
Tommy lies drugged on the floor.
--------- The door of an ordinary flat is kicked open.
Tommy throws the ball again.
Begbie punches and kicks the Tourist and pulls out a knife.
Renton lies as before.
Oh, fuck.
Renton is speechless, but a few stolen items fall from inside his jacket down to the floor.
Our only response was to keep on going and fuck everything.
Keep on going: getting up, going out, robbing, stealing, fucking people over, propelling ourselves with longing towards the day it would all go wrong.
Fucking right I am.
See, inside, you wouldn't last two fucking days.
There is a knock at the door.
Renton unlocks the door of a flat and holds the door open while he ushers them in.
Begbie stands over him, pointing a gun at his head.
He 'fires' the gun a few more times at his own head, then chucks it to the floor.
He digs a few rings out of his pocket and throws them to Renton.
Begbie throws the packet down to the floor.
There is a knock on the door.
RENTON (v.o.) Traffic floods past as before.
The flat is in darkness.
Begbie stabs Spud in the hand.
Begbie inhales deeply and then blows the smoke towards Renton Renton lies awake, sharing a bed with Sick Boy, who is asleep.
The DRIVER shrugs and slams the doors on them.
PONSONBY waits by the door.
BROWN stares back, still pissed off.
BROWN slams a drawer shut.
A beat.
She stops at the same place as before.
A beat.
A beat.
He stares down in mute fury, then snaps his fingers at one of the under servants, who rushes over.
A beat.
A beat.
As she straightens up, he finds PONSONBY and DOCTOR JENNER staring back at him in utter disbelief at what she has just said.
A crush of kilted GHILLIES as we slam into the height of the annual Ghillie's Ball.
BROWN bursts in on PONSONBY and JENNER, slamming down his copy of Punch on the desk.
He is furious but controlled.
DISRAELI opens the copy of Punch and hands it to Dean Wellselly.
Suddenly, VICTORIA's temper goes and she shouts at him.
A beat.
A beat.
Dumping BROWN against the wall, the men step back and start kicking the shit out of him.
ARCHIE steps outside and BROWN is left alone.
VICTORIA stares through the window, expressionless.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
With an explosion that rocks the universe, a huge chunk rips out of the green planet and shoots off into space, leaving thousands of glowing particles in its wake.
From outside, we hear the battle raging.
fight !
dead !
He suddenly realizes that the whole floor is giving way beneath him, and he grabs for a handful of cables as the floor collapses.
The flare shoots down the fuselage and smashes into him.
An argument is in progress as the expressionless DOCTOR ANRAK enters.
You call me Com-Op Officer Blix ".
nuts ?!? STERNN and his lawyer move to their seats.
guilty !
Finally  he stands towering in rage over the terrified Instinctively, STERNN leaps back as FISTE'S giant hands come smashing down in the spot where STERNN stood.
STERNN pulls a lever, which opens up the floor below FISTE, who screams, falling out into space.
Frustrated, AUSTIN picks up a flashlight, opens up a compartment underneath the control knobs, and takes a look inside.
The waters of the sacrifical pool rage more violently and a low rumble is heard far below.
stolen !
The QUEEN jumps to her feet in a rage and points to DEN.
She is livid.
With the battle raging all around him, DEN looks up at the sky.
He kicks the other end into the raging water, then heaves the spear with all his might into the head of the stone idol.
Below us, scruffy children dodge traffic as they play gyro-ball in the garbage-filled street.
A fat, evil-looking man (RUDNICK.)
(to Harry.)
Goddamn illegal aliens.
Mr. Detmer leaves, slamming the door on his way out.
There's a low sustained hiss as the light clouds turn an angry shade of red.
SAMANTHA Pezon, 16, sounds a bit frustrated.
We can hear shouting from elsewhere in the house; "useless bitch," "carry your ass long enough," etc. Andrew reaches over and turns off the camera.
Matt and Andrew pull up to see Steve dragging the REDNECK ASSHOLE out of the water.
The camera shuts off.
A BOEING 737 BLOWS OUT OF THE CLOUDBANK BEHIND STEVE.
Steve immediately starts beatboxing.
Andrew is annoyed.
The audience is LOSING THEIR FREAKING MINDS.
Steve is pantomiming anger at the shoddy job he's doing.
It's a house party, raging.
It knocks him down and clatters to the floor.
Detmer rushes up to Andrew and slaps him, and again, and again, and again, and WHAM!
Wayne screams, falling, and is immediately tended to by other students.
I could fucking crush this entire house, I'm fine.
... Andrew- I'm not gonna break your stupid fucking rules, just fuck off and stay out of my life.
The thugs, shocked, don't have a second to react before Andrew telekinetically BLOWS ONE OF THEM BACKWARDS, sending him smashing headfirst through the windshield of his car.
We can hear muffled noises of frustration from under the mask.
They barely have time to scream out when Andrew snaps his cuff free of the bed, and lets out AN ENORMOUS CONCUSSIVE BLAST, blowing apart everything in the room including the camera.
Police unload en-mass, guns out, immediately forming a perimeter and pushing in.
They pull up onto an on-ramp, and are immediately trapped into gridlocked, dead-end traffic.
This gets the intended response, and he pumps a fist shouting "FUCK YEAH He turns, pretending to notice the oncoming flood for the first time, mouths "Oh shit!" Points at the flood casually as it closes in: "I should deal with this."
The camera comes up to show his little brother, who is going positively ape-shit on the hood of their car, jumping up and down, screaming, smiling...
Hildy slaps him as she goes by.
Burns has his hat.
Burns follows and the door slams on them.
Schwartz knocks on table and drops cards.
as hat is passed to cop, who jams it down on Bruce's head.
Hildy is now wearing her hat and gloves.
Hildy sails her hat and starts peeling off her gloves as she jumps for the door.
As Hildy shrugs, there is another flurry of machine-gun fire.
Hildy stops short, arrested by a sound from the open window.
Hildy stops.
There is a knocking on the door, but she doesn't hear it.
Mollie begins to sob.
The kicking at the door continues.
Burns slams closed the desk and steps to Louie.
Burns enters, grinning, locks the door behind him and goes to phone and picks it up.
Bruce comes down the hall, his face set and angry.
There is a knock on the door.
Louie slips in and Burns relocks the door.
Grabbing her hat and purse, she starts for the door.
There is a loud knocking on the door.
She tosses the gun to Walter, but one of the deputies intercepts the throw.
Flanked by two policemen, Mrs. Baldwin, dishevelled, with her hat over one ear, is marching toward the Press Room, bound for vengeance.
Bruce, considerably upset, is with her.
She breaks off.
Hildy turns over copy of the extra lying on Burns' desk.
Hildy throws her bag at him and it smashes the glass pane in the door.
We open on the LOUD BANGING of a CELL DOOR.
Harriet winds up and throws the bean bag directly into his neck.
He flips through a few.
Charlie knocks on the door.
She pulls out a milkshake from behind her back.
Charlie lets out a scream.
Annoyed, she goes out her front door to tell her neighbors off.
She throws him a flower.
The captain kicks open the door, knocking Tony's feet off the desk.
A scuffle.
Charlie has restrained Harriet, throws her in a walk-in closet and locks it.
Ben's in the middle of a heated argument on his cell with his Agent, Cathy.
It now sounds a lot harsher, angrier if you will.
RINGING, then-- IN THE B.G. we hear CHRISTINE's horrific screaming.
In one quick, brutal stab, the knife is driven into Ben's spine.
Very hot.
The three flip through pages of the STAB 3 script, conversing freely about the production.
A Shrill voice Jennifer Jolie, an ambitious young starlet, playing GALE in the latest Stab, rushes towards her, with arms wide open.
Left behind in her wake are five bloody streaks running downthe glass.
On the wall hangs a poster forthe FALL OF TROY (her play from SCREAM 2.) and a poster proclaiming WOMEN'S RIGHTS with CALIFORNIA WOMEN'S CRISIS center written beneath that.
A THREE-RING BINDER with a cover boasting CALIFORNIA WOMEN'S CRISIS CENTER is thrown open.
Sarah lets out a bloodcurdling scream while Tyson breaks into hysterics.
Sarah stops in her tracks.
Gale runs back to shut off her car.
Gale makes an angry face, slaps Dewey upside the back of his headplay fully.
She lets outa blood curdling scream.
Kincaid exits, door slamming shut behind him.
The lock's smashed off.
She lets out a blood curdling death scream, drops to the floor motionless.
Gale unleashes a horrendous scream -- --has been strung up from the ceiling ventilation duct, gutted from knob to gullet.
His entrails lie in steaming heaps at his feet.
Gale screams.
She's screaming hysterically.
KER-SMASH!
Gale and Sidney run into the master bedroom set, slamming the door shut and locking it.
Gale and Sidney scream.
She screams.
She raises up the gun, fires into the door.
The girls utter horrified screams.
Sid screams, punches her attacker in the chest.
He winces.
SID stands up, takes off running towards -- Sid races into the foyer, slams the door closed behind her.
Sidney screams.
Sid screams, kicks it closed.
She's been brutally stabbed.
Roman continues stabbing himself.
Sid screams, takes off through the kitchen.
Gale's slamming Angelina's head against the hardwood floor.
Gale screams, begins to crawl away.
Sidney screams.
She grabs it, cocks it.
THEN A HORRIFYING SCREAM rips through the air.
They walk briskly towards the jail.
The other prisoners on the block begin exiting their cells, carrying guns and Molotov cocktails.
The cellmates throw their Molotov cocktails into the cell.
The Bartender slaps the unopened bottle down at the counter.
The Bartender shuts his eyes.
Mariachi stops in his tracks.
The Clerk deposits the money, slams the register shut, and continues reading his yellow paper.
A few seconds later he drops back and lays there a minute before kicking the door shut.
Screams are heard.
Shot of men still stalking, cocking pistols.
Mariachi slips out from behind the door and runs out.
Bus stops in traffic and Mariachi grabs his guitar and jumps onto the hood of the bus.
He swings his guitar case into another guy's groin and grabs is gun, reaiming it to shoot Mean Dude #5.
She cocks the pistol.
Mariachi stares at her expressionless.
When he enters, the darkness swallows him as she shuts the door behind him.
She puts the gun down on the counter.
They look hungry and deprived.
He points the gun deep into Azul's face and cocks it.
Azul hears a faint strumming sound, followed by the sound of the Mean Dude slamming the case shut.
Azul slams the case shut, wondering what the hell is going on.
She hangs up.
Mariachi starts to put up his hand as if to refuse it.
Mariachi silences him by karate punching his throat.
Angle from the ground as Mariachi smashes the guy with is gun.
He fires and it explodes.
She grabs a bottle and slams it down on the counter unopened.
She returns, slamming it to the floor.
Azul grabs Domino and points a gun to her head.
Azul cocks the pistol.
Mariachi tries to make sense of it all for a minute before grabbing the gun from under the counter and rushing upstairs.
top.location.href=location.href
With a whine from hell, the front tire of the motorcycle hits a speed bump.
Like a broken ragdoll shot from a canon, the man punches through the back window blowing glass for a block.
The calling changes - it becomes angry.
An IDIOT PUNK moves close to Lula and rubs up against her as he dances by.
The Idiot Punk goes down - fighting back tears and holding his cheek.
She grabs him and pulls him into a stall - closing and locking the door behind them.
The Black Man reaches in his jacket pocket and pulls out a portable phone and punches send.
Reggie turns to Drop Shadow and lets him have the punch line.
Lula gets quiet and sucks on her beer bottle.
His mouth is gagged and taped shut.
Juana screams like a monster from hell coming up close to Johnnies face.
The livingroom is on fire and Lula throws open the door to her mothers bedroom just in time to see Marcello Santos leaving through a window.
There is a knock on the door which wakes Lula from her nap.
Bobby puts his hand on her neck and moves it up and down behind her ear.
Bobby cocks his head and squints at him questioningly.
Both their eyes burning with hate.
Bobby lets the screen door bang shut behind him as he comes in and roams around the livingroom.
The gang is on him.
Sailor tries to defend himself, but one big punch to his nose sends him down and out.
Lula sits in the car in the middle of a giant traffic jam.
A sickened and rage-filled MOM stalks the fly to DAD's orange juice glass where it secretes on the rim in closeup.
DOTTIE HINKLE, still angry and occasionally cursing to herself, digs in her prize flower garden out front of her house behind ornamental wishing-well on front lawn.
As MOM sneaks up street towards DOTTIE, intercut are obsessional flashbacks of details of the traumatic parking place incident;  MOM'S POV of DOTTIE pulling into space, DOTTIE'S maddening nonchalance as she snottily gets out of her car and trots right past MOM without the slightest apology, MOM'S sputtering face paralyzed with anger when she realizes there is nowhere else to park.
MOM's face changes to purple rage as she turns to hide her anger from DAD. MOM's calm turns to immediate rage as she closes bedroom door and storms her way downstairs as "Mom's Psycho Theme" blares on soundtrack.
MOM enters in a fury.
MISTY is sobbing in fury as she sits forlornly with boxed up flea-market junk.
ACKERMAN's Franklin Mint Faberge Egg off table and sends it crashing to the floor.
SEXPOT DATE adjusts her cleavage as she waits, much to the embarrassment of YOUNG BOY walking by.
Closeup of CARL's face as he pisses like a racehorse.
She lets out a blood-curdling scream.
BRADFORD and several other POLICE OFFICERS are taking her statement and trying to calm her down, A huge galute of a POLICEWOMAN sits next to DOTTIE and pats her hand.
MOM peels out in her station wagon like a bat out of hell.
BRADFORD comes running out of house and jumps out of way as ROOKIE COP's car skids around corner and smashes into Mrs.
MOM turns off tape player and pulls to a stop on a quiet suburban street.
STERNER screams, MRS.
Suddenly MOM stabs MRS.
STERNER opens her mouth in a silent scream as MOM pulls out the scissors and stabs her again and again as a large rat in the closet runs out and begins biting MRS.
STERNER's stomach and expertly throws them like a knife at MR. STERNER's head.
STERNER grabs scissors from wall and throws them back at MOM.
She ducks in the nick of time and her face goes purple with rage.
When DETECTIVES MOORE and BRADFORD and their ridiculously overprepared SWAT TEAM flood the bedroom, screaming "FREEZE" and "HANDS OVER YOUR HEAD", SCOTTY fumes in anger as MISTY and CHIP giggle in relief and DAD turns red in embarrassment.
The SUTPHINS take their place in a half filled pew next to appalled young MARRIED COUPLE as a still mortified SCOTTY glares in hatred and vengeance from a pew in the back of the church.
As CONGREGATION prays along with FATHER STONE, COPS flood the church and move towards MOM.
BRADFORD are about to grab MOM, GUS and SLOPPY punch the COPS in the mouth and MOM runs off.
CHIP and BIRDIE hustle MOM into the shop and lead her to the "Gore" section and open a door covered with violent video display boxes to reveal a small closet.
JENSON stomps to door and slams it behind her as MOM's face twists in rage as she listens.
MOM comes running out front, sees SCOTTY running in the other direction and charges after him like a bat out of hell.
Grunge-punk hell.
The COPS flood the place.
He punches CHIP in the mouth.
The boar makes eye-contact with "loser caveman" and charges directly towards his tiny little cave.
The boar backs up to strike again -- this one sure to be the end of "loser caveman" -- when a large boulder, knocked loose by the Boar's first hit, tumbles down and lands smack on the Boar's head, killing it instantly.
We fly back out of "loser caveman's" skull -- his face contorted in rage.
We fly back out of "loser caveman's" skull -- his face contorted in rage.
The man leans out of his car and yells at Mark.
In front of the building is a man in a suit standing on his briefcase with his tie around his head, screaming.
There's a knock on his door.
I can't understand what it feels like to be you so it just irritates me and makes me think you're stupid.
As he shuts the door from the hallway he hears the channel change and turn back to static.
Mark grits his teeth in rage.
Mark knocks on his LANDLORD'S door.
Mark punches the bar in anger.
Then it hits him.
Mark plops down next to him, dazed and upset.
There's a knock on the door.
The cardiogram flat lines.
She immediately points at Mark and screams.
They head towards the door.
They hate you too.
What if they love me but I hate them?
Jennifer enters the room, upset.
"This explains so much", "Dad, why didn't you tell me?" Mark hobbles up and walks into the house.
The man leans out of his car and yells at Mark.
An enormous traffic jam, horns honking, etc. yelling at each other.
He stops at the closed bathroom door, listens, hears the shower, knocks.
Jim continues down the hall, stops at the closed door of the children's room, knocks.
She awakens, cocks an eye at him.
As he does so, all the hat boxes come tumbling down knocking the basket from his hand, the socks spilling on the floor.
He angrily jerks open the hall closet door, pulls his hat down from the shelf, several hat boxes, some ski boots and a tennis racket tumbling down on his head.
Jim jams his hat onto his head, takes a deep breath and storms out, slamming the door.
Jim, Muriel and Mr. Smith - The car pulls to a stop.
The car stops.
Jim sees it, is annoyed.
A steam shovel in action, a bulldozer, the sawing of wood, and intermittently the loud, earth-shaking crash of a well-digger's rig.
As he sets her down: Jim frowns, annoyed.
There is a knock on the door.
Muriel gives Jim an accusing look.
A furious rattling, pounding and kicking.
The door remains closed.
SHOT.
The car pulls up, stops.
Simms and Retch react as they see an angry Jim Blandings flap his way into scene, his varnished shoes having picked up additional paper, shavings, shingles, etc. Retch hands Jim a sheaf of papers.
The man enters as Bill struggles to get the door shut against the wind.
He pulls it up over his nose, throwing the balance over the top of his head.
Slouched inside are TWO OTHER GUYS, also looking like hell.
Vick throws the key to the VALET...
Beat.
Furniture is broken, the minibar ransacked, and the floor is covered with remnants of the night before: empty beer cans, platefuls of room service food, a cowboy hat, the Gideon Bible, half-eaten skinless mangos, a bra, a battle axe, etc. SNORING on the couch, wearing only his jeans and one shoe, the word ASSHOLE written in Sharpie across his chest, is Stu.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Looking like crap, the guys silently descend in the elevator.
Beat.
Shit.
The guys eyes bulge, oh shit!
The three guys exit the hotel looking like crap.
Vick dons his sunglasses and heads for his destroyed car...  in their ridiculous car.
Vick nods at Alan: Alan just clenches his jaw, I fucking hate you.
Then Vick calls over from the white plastic table, pissed: Alan waves at them, shut the hell up!
Alan furiously flips them off, shut up!
Off of Alan's hate-filled glare, we through the strip mall parking lot, back to their car.
The beatup Caddy is packed with wedding crap.
And they look pissed.
Kikiolani starts viciously smashing the car!
Kikiolani lowers his bat   -- and Vick throws the door open, right into his nuts!
The   huge Samoan staggers back, OWWW, and Vick slams his door shut   and The Caddy sideswipes a car, hops the curb, and lands on the street!
Stu covers his mouth, oh shit!
Then Alan hurries in with Chastity; he looks pissed.
Just then, the door is kicked open and KIKIOLANI and KALOLO FANALUA burst into the Champagne Room, peering through the darkness, looking for our guys.
Beat.
SMASH!
Officer Bladen SLAMS the table with his fist.
Beat.
The guys get up from the booth and head for the door, grim.
The guys rocket down the Strip, weaving in and out of traffic!
The guy turns off the Strip.
The guys reach the dressing room door and stop.
Vick and Alan exchange a look, holy shit!
Instead of finding Doug, however, they find KALOLO FANALUA, sitting on their couch, pissed.
The door SLAMS behind them, and they whip around to see KIKIOLANI standing in front of the door, blocking their exit.
He wipes at them, angry.
The guys jump up, slapping ten, YELLING!
The guys wince, damn.
Vick and the guys start backtracking towards their car.
Vick freezes, oh shit.
He sees what's going down, and, his hands tied behind his back, takes off sprinting towards Vegas!
The caddy peels the hell out of there, kicking up rocks and dust!
Jimmy sputters into the dirt, furious.
Beat.
Beat.
Her father hurries over, concerned...  Alan floors the car back onto the 15 towards Vegas, amped!
And he looks furious.
As they pass ATASHIR at his desk, Vick yells over: They blow out of the hotel...  ...where their beatup Caddy is waiting.
Alan slams his cellphone shut, frowning.
Beat.
Then Tracy approaches Doug at the altar, and whispers to him, angry, hurt: Tracy studies his face, searching...
Stu and Vick grin, oh shit!
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Then KIKIOLANI and KALOLO FANALUA walk in behind him, still in their huge arm casts, still very pissed.
Mini pulls on a pair of thigh-high stockings, as a lit cigarette hangs from M Mini walks along the corridor in a pair of "fuck me" pumps, as the doorbell is heard ringing.
I thought you said we'd be-- Mini lies awake as the SOUNDS OF DIANE FUCKING SLEAZY GUY #3's brains out waft through the thin walls.
Mini ducks as it SMASHES behind her on the wall.
Mini pulls over looking pissed.
Diane shuts the door.
Completely frustrated, Diane stops looking and heads for the "key" bowl by the door.
She slams the door behind her.
She grabs the first man by the shoulder, pissed.
Diane kicks and punches at the guards.
Diane throws her weight against the door, struggling to keep the intruder out.
They lay her flat and try to wake her up.
Mini goes through her mother's clothes, as Diane lies crumpled in a heap on the floor.
they were lying.
His neck muscles bulge with frustration.
Martin stands at the front desk, talking to A CLERK. Martin walks outside, frustrated.
Mini lies awake, looking annoyed as Martin keeps turning and shifting in bed.
Her teacher, Warren Bishop, comes over to her immediately.
Andrews casts a harsh glance at a frustrated Garson.
Martin explodes, punching Rudell in the mouth, sending him staggering backwards inside.
Martin crumples to the floor and Rudell starts kicking him.
THWACK!
Finally, the guard smashes Martin with a billy club, sending him sprawling on the floor.
Martin screams behind the glass, but cannot be heard, as the guard hog ties him and drags him away by his feet.
Shit.
Walt's look says "what the fuck?"
OFF Keough's continued horror, we: A DINOSAUR (T-Rex.) is angry and out for blood.
She then gives him an angry shove, under-- And off she goes.
That strikes a nerve.
Keough, seeing it as he lifts it, screams, throwing it.
It hits Kelly and she screams, a blood-curdling scream, as the HEAD hits the floor of the boat with a HEAVY THUD.
She belts him again.
A beat.
Then-- A beat.
Screaming/yelling, they scramble for the canoe, climb onto it's flipped-over back.
"What the hell happened"?
More RUSTLING...  Keough points the gun.
Keough screams.
FIND Keough on the boat, he now has the engine running, fighting against the drag but whatever has that boat has a fucking strong hold.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
An attack.
Screams all over, a half-second of confusion before we SEE it's a large BLACK BEAR jumping out of the darkness, right at Hector.
What they just saw...  a crocodile head measuring five feet rise up out of the water and gobbled a fucking bear.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
After a beat.
A beat.
Kelly screams, they're all about to fire before they realize it's only a beaver.
It is Burke.
There waiting...  mouth fully open... is the fucking crocodile.
A beat.
Both Gare and Hector scream as the whole helicopter is jerked mightily.
Tranq guns.
Stares with utter disbelief.
They break.
She smacks herself in the head.
He's pointing at the locked door.
There's a knock on the door.
Jay tosses Jonah a hammer and they start knocking nails into the wall.
The door is shut.
Annie begins to type and sob and look at the TV.
Jonah is appalled.
He hangs up the phone and SCREAMS.
Suzy's irritated.
She punches Jonah's name into it.
Jonah walks out of Sam's bedroom and we hear the door to his bedroom slam shut.
Starting to boil.
Sam throws a pair of socks into the suitcase.
Sam picks Jonah up and carries him kicking and screaming into: and into: He throws Jonah on the bed.
He leaves the room and slams the door.
After a beat.
The leader of the gang, ABBAZ, shuts up Lolo with an elbow and moves menacingly forward.
Abbaz, Lolo and the gang watch him go, then begin to buzz with excitement: "Who the fuck died?" "Why'd he pull that changer on us, man?" "The Old Man died, must be Papa Joe!" "He's some weird honkie, man."
The elevator stops on the third floor.
There is a knock at the door.
Franklin holds a phone to his ear with one hand, shuts off the TV with the other.
A pile of the morning's newspapers lies at the foot of the bed, untouched.
There is a knock at the door.
A KNOCK at the door interrupts the President.
The room is abruptly flooded in darkness.
The room is flooded in darkness again.
Behind them, a strip tease is in progress.
The Woman, beginning to get angry, follows him.
and slams the door.
Arnold is shaken from his recent experience with The Woman and from the flaring of tempers.
She pushes some of the things on the bed aside and sits down and waits while Charlie latches the door, a matter of turning a bent nail into locking position.
Charlie turns to him, a cold fury in him.
The door shuts behind them.
Charlie has plunged down into the darkness of the floor below.
"What's the matter with you, are you crazy?" "What's the matter with you?" "For heaven's sakes, where have you been?" ...  The door closes.
A gaggle of MOD GIRLS come towards the shoot site.
Then he gives an insane grin, showing his bad teeth.
Mrs. Kensington knocks his feet from under him.
They're shag-mad, man!
It's Basil Exposition.
ANGLE ON EVIL ASSOCIATE MUSTAFA.
More muffled SCREAMS.
SCOTT EVIL walks out.
It's Basil Exposition, on an airplane.
Behind his back, she pulls out his wallet and looks through it.
When they get within range, guns POP out of the Fembots' bras and begin FIRING, killing the guards.
The BRITISH are dressed in bowler hats.
Exposition to a cot.
The NOISE is awful.
Austin punches the other one off.
She HANGS UP.
Dr. Evil squeezes a tennis ball repeatedly.
Behind the British delegation sits Basil Exposition.
Dr. Evil hits a button.
The water boils, dangerously close to Austin's head.
Dr. Evil, Scott and the evil associates finish dinner.
His feet leave the floor.
Dr. Evil presses a button marked "PENETRATION BEGIN."
Her head explodes.
Her head explodes.
It lands in front of him on a pile of exposed wires.
Having saved the world, Austin picks up a MACHIEN GUN from a fallen Private Army guy and runs to the door at the back, chasing Dr. Evil.
be... evil?
Explosions, debris, the cavern begins to collapse.
We see Austin Powers played by an INDIAN GENTLEMEN, same glasses, same bad teeth.. Originally featured at: Shooting Script September, 1996 EXTREME CLOSE-UP of MAXIMILIAN COHEN'S eyes popping open.
He looks at it for a moment before getting angry and squashing it.
Max finishes locking his door.
Jenna screams after him.
He wants to see what's before that edge...  Max slaps the RETURN button on his computer.
His yarmulke sticks out Slightly from his wide-brimmed hat and the fringes from his tsi-tsis hang out from the bottom of his untucked shirt.
The knocking gets louder and louder then the locks begin to unlock.
Max grabs his face, frustrated.
Then he angrily throws Euclid's mainframe onto the ground It lands with a SMASH!
Max sifts through the trash can where he threw his picks from yesterday.
Frustrated, he dumps the trash onto the sidewalk and starts looking through it Mrs.
The tracks are rusted and fucked up.
He smashes the side of his head with his fist.
Frustrated, he pushes his pen deep into the brain - fiber ripping apart.
Max shuts the door and returns to the microscope.
He grabs Max by the collar and slams him against the wall.
Frustrated he collapses into the mirror.
Their screams carry into Max's head.
Then his neighbors' lovemaking turns outright evil.
The mathematician looks at himself and begins to sob.
He flips.
The doors start to shut, but Max uses his body to get off the train.
The man screams.
Jake cocks the gun.
Ephraim screams and lets loose a punch to Max's jaw.
Max becomes furious.
In a wild rage, he smashes it and punches it.
He throws the pills and the bottle to the floor.
It throws him to the ground and he bashes his head against the floor.
He recites the number with rage in his voice.
He wears a hat on his head.
Damn it, Phil.
You do really stupid things when you're high, Phil.
I hate my job.
I hate everyone here.
I hate Gwen.
I can see in your eyes that you hate the world.
I hate it too.
If I was a woman, I'd be a slut.
A lesbian slut.
I'll put a Halloween curse on you.
Oh who gives a shit, who needs a F&$%' baby around here anyways?
If you wanna make yourself useful, why don't you get that goddamn TV fixed?! What the hell?
Except at the end, the boy kills himself by drinkin' a bottle of bug poison.
I'm going to hell, aren't I? Yes, you are.
He'll beat me, but he'll kill you.
Phil, what the hell are you doin'?
I know you're angry and I can figure why.
What's wrong with you?
I feel sore.
This job is stressful.
I'm breaking out.
Waste of time going to that sperm doctor.
They blew the thing open with a gun.
They say he robbed his folks too.
(he slaps her.) Why? Why?
Andy quickly lights a rack of large fireworks, they shoot up into the night and explode - smoke - more explosions - everyone's laughing.
He gets up and she shoots him again - He falls more dramatically, knocking his head on the floor.
Andy gets more and more upset.
Oliver, angry but at a loss for words, takes the flower vase and leaves, Arthur follows.
Oliver covers his ears, he yells out...  He's still yelling after the explosions stop.
Arthur runs towards camera chasing a tennis ball that Anna threw for him.
Frustrated and angry, Oliver takes the pill tray into the kitchen, leaving Hal behind.
Both men eyeball one another, and then suddenly Larry reaches for his piece, and as soon as he does this Swede does the same thing, but before they can do anything - DEIRDRE'S GUN swings INTO FRAME, smashing Swede in the face and dropping him to the floor.
A SOUND from OFF SCREEN interrupts this moment: a DOOR opening, as we see - Vincent, who stands in the door, wearing his coat and hat.
They've told her about the park, and she seems a little pissed about all of this.
They look up expectantly at Deirdre, who crosses through the room without stopping -- she's really pissed about this turn of events.
Deirdre spings at Sam, throwing martial arts combinations at him: punch followed by kick, elbow strike followed by palm thrust.
Now - Deirdre throws one last punch which Sam ducks.
Finally - Deirdre feints a punch that distracts Sam's attention from - The KICK she throws right behind her punch, and she smiles as - WHUMP!  Sam wasn't distracted at all -- he drops to the ground beneath her kick and catches her standing leg with a sweep which takes her to the ground and now - She's trapped beneath him.
Deirdre closes Sam's door as she exits, but - Sam reaches out a hand and catches the door right before it snaps shut.
He watches THROUGH THE DOOR CRACK as - Deirdre cross the hall and opens the door to her room, and now the phone rings loudly until the door shuts, muting the sound once again, shutting Sam out.
The phone stops ringing as Deirdre answers and as this happens Sam shuts his door and as the door closes we go to - BLACK.
Now the Target gets into his car, a BLACK MERCEDES, and as soon as he's in the caravan pulls out and - The Target takes out his cell phone, punches in a number and starts to talk, and as he does we - PULL BACK, INTO THE AIR, leaving the Caravan behind as we MOVE TOWARDS THE WATER and - THE PROMENADE DES ANGLAIS, the long roadway that runs the length of the town adjacent to the beach.
The Cursor starts to move down one of the streets of Nice and as we follow the Curson it TURNS INTO - THE TARGET CAR, driving home the point that Gregor is now locked onto the Target.
During this next sequence, the DRUMS will continue to play, building with the action as we do - The Volvo takes a flying left turn - Gregor watches the Target on his computer as it moves towards the Promenade des Anglais, typing the results on his keyboard as - The Volvo careens down a steep hill, hits a bump, and flies through the air a good fifteen feet, even as - The Fiat follows close behind and hits the same bump, does the same flight through the air and lands with a thud - THE CARAVAN of cars - THE TARGET, still talking away on his cell phone - THE COMPUTER MAP tracking the Target's movements, as the Map shifts and moves as it keeps pace with the target, and now - The Promenade des Anglais is right ahead and the DRUMS build to a crescendo as - The Volvo SMASHES into the Target Car and they grind together, as - CARS 3 & 4 in the Caravan are cut off by Vincent's Fiat, which forces them to slam to a halt, as - Larry runs the Target Car to a halt and the JAPANESE DRUMS stop.
Larry and Swede hop out of the Volvo, and Swede brandishes a MONSTER of a MACHINE GUN, with which he opens fire, a blast of huge guage shells spitting a trail of fire, smashing against THE WINDSHIELD of the Target Car, which is bullet- proof.
These guys are armed and returning fire as - Larry gets out of the driver's seat of the Volvo, and he's got some kind of sumbitch weapons himself, a ROCKET LAUNCHER, which he points and fires - And now we TRACK THE MISSLE as it scorches the air, traveling towards - The LEAD CAR of the caravan which has only now realized what's going on behind it, and as frantic Bodyguards drive back towards the carnage - The Missle IMPACTS, blowing the Car sideways.
And even as this is going on - Deirdre has joined the fray, firing both of her pistols, taking Sam's place at Vincent's side so that Sam can run towards - The Target Car, where the Target is seated in the backseat, pulling out his own piece, ready to fight to the death himself as - Swede continues blasting away at the windshield with his monster gun, and now - The Windshield has started to crack and splinter, and abruptly, it shatters, instantly bursting a bright red as Swede's bullets tear up the body of the Driver.
Now Sam has reaches the Target Car, just as the Target, who is armed and, as we know, not exactly helpless, steps out of the car and sights in on Swede and - ZING!  Sam fires, winging the Target, knocking the gun out of his hand and still the Target won't give up without a struggle, he hits Swede with the Briefcase.
With one slashing blow he hacks off the Target's HAND AT THE WRIST and grabs the briefcase.
Now - DISTANT SIRENS sound from OFF SCREEN as Swede moves back towards Larry and the Volvo, and as he goes he raises the briefcase (with its severed hand.) in a kind of mock salute to Sam, who starts to move back towards Deirdre and Vincent, who have taken care of the remaining Bodyguards, and now the SIRENS are growing closer as we - START TO MOVE IN SLOW MOTION as Swede approaches the Volvo and - Deirdre and Vincent are already at Vincent's Fiat, waiting for Sam, and so they don't notice that - A VAN has been parked nearby this entire time, and now the van's side door slides open, and unseen by any of the others - Gregor steps out of the Van, a gun at his side, and a predatory look on his face as - Swede reaches Larry and the Volvo just as - Sam has reaches the Fiat, and now he looks back and sees - Gregor, crossing the street, and now - Sam screams a warning to Larry, but it's way too late because - Swede shoots Larry in the neck, hitting him above the protective covering of his bullet proof vest.
Seconds later - The Car EXPLODES, cutting off the cops, and as this happens, Vincents puts the pedal to the floor and gets the fuck out of Dodge.
It is quiet almost deserted, then - A TESTOSTERONE CRAZED PLAYBOY whips his sports car through one of these streets, engine whining, as we - MOVE DOWN yet another side street, and this sucker really is a back alley, you couldn't get a car down here if you tried.
There is no other apartment on the floor.
Dad is angry at Mom. Mom and Dad continue their discussion, but we've left them behind, MOVING THROUGH the seats and cafes until we get to a cafe on the outskirts of the Town Square.
His cell phone sits on the table in front of him -- he picks it up and starts to punch in a number.
A GUN COMES INTO FRAME, trigger cocked, the barrel placed to Gregor's temple.
Seamus has cut his throat from ear to ear.
Now - The Peephole snicks shut, and Deirdre turns to face Seamus Reilly.
He doesn't point it at Sam, but his finger cocks the hammer.
The door slams shut.
Immediately, Deirdre pulls out.
He grabs Gregor and slams a gun against his head.
THE PEUGEOT cruising on an upper part of the traffic circle, while down below them - THE COMPACT turns towards one of the roadways.
The car has stalled, and Sam has to start her up again and slam it into gear before following after - The Compact, which now has a lead of perhaps fifty yards -- but at least it's possible for the Peugeot to follow after the Compact, because it's the only car on the highway ahead of them that's GOING THE WRONG WAY, and now we - PULL BACK, LOOKING DOWN FROM ABOVE, and the two cars are flying through the rush-hour traffic, going the wrong way, and now - The Peugeot is gaining ground as Sam turns to Vincent.
And now the Peugeot SLAMS into the side of the Compact Car, and as it does - Seamus opens fire with his gun, even as - Vincent unloads the better part of a clip as - Glass shatters in both cars, and now Deirdre looks up to see - A FORK IN THE ROAD, and the left side of the fork is closed off, blocked by - A SERIOUS CONCRETE BARRICADE, and the Compact Car is headed right for it, and now - Sam has the Peugeot pinned right to the side of the Compact Car, metal against metal, a scream of steel as the Barricade rushes straight at them and at the last second - Deirdre slams on the brakes as - Seamus fires one last shot that - blows out the window in front of Sam's eyes, causing Sam to - Jerk the wheel of the Peugeot wildly, spinning out of control onto the exit ramp as Gregor reaches over and unbuckles Seamus's seatbelt right as - The Compact Car slams into the Barricade and CRASHES, and we're in SLOW MOTION as - Deirdre is driven forward by the force of the impact, but there's a driver's side air bag, and it explodes, cushioning her, even as - Seamus is hurled form the car, crashing through the windshield and flying through the air as - The Compact Car flips over and over and over while - Gregor, who is wearing his seatbelt, hangs on for dear life to the Briefcase, which he grabbed back from Seamus before the crash, and now - Seamus hits the ground with a terrible thud, his face sliced to ribbons by the windshield, but somehow still alive as - Sam tries to control the Peugeot, which is in a spin on the exit ramp as - Gregor kicks open the back door and slides out of the Car, carrying the Briefcase with him, as - Deirdre struggles to free herself from the wreck, which is now - On fire, and now - Sam has managed to stop the Peugeot, but it's too late to go back, because - A VERITABLE FLEET OF COP CARS is now closing on the accident, and it's too late to turn around, and even as - Deirdre manages to pull herself out of the wreck, it - EXPLODES into a ball of fire, and the blast wave of fire - Hits Seamus, knocking him down, covering him for a second, even as - Deirdre hurls herself through the flames and comes out - Rolling away with Seamus, who is now not only cut to pieces, but his face is covered with some hideous burns.
An endless cache of guns, knives, explosives, surveillance devices, gun scopes -- you name it, it's here.
Then she turns and bolts the room, and as she does we're - Sam and Vincent are running along, hugging the ground and whatever darkness they can find, while blind weapons fire rips into the ground around them, Russian thugs not even sure what they're shooting at, but shooting all the same as Sam and Vincent hurtle towards - Some kind of kitchen storage area, and as Sam and Vincent burst in from outside - FIVE RUSSIAN HOODS come flying in from an interior entrance, and this is it, Sam and Vincent are outnumbered, outgunned, they're going to die and then - They take out the entire room - Sam holds an automatic pistol in his left hand, and a submachine gun in his right, and when he fires, he does so in short controlled bursts, firing only when he has the target in his sights, while - Vincent fights with a kind of sheer force, a shotgun in one hand, an Uzi in the other, he fires at anything and everything that moves, and he hits almost all of it - And suddenly the room is quiet.
And then they're gone, and we're with - Deirdre, who's running through the house, going from room to room, and we're with her for a minute, the JAPANESE DRUM starts to play again, and now it's joined by more and more drums, and they continue for the test of this sequence and suddenly - A HUGE BURST OF GUNFIRE is heard, dragging Deirdre's attention towards - And Sam's in the middle of a pitched battle with three Gunmen.
Before Mikhi can even react, Gregor stabs his arm forward in a savage arc - JAMMING THE BLADE into Mikhi's throat.
He falls to the ground, horribly wounded, but he's given Sam enough time, and now - Sam and Seamus open fire on one another - BULLETS RIPPING into the table, chewing up the china and crystal, taking glass shattering bites out of the CHANDELIER above the table, turning the Dining Room from a primo Louis XIV showpiece into shit as the two men move about and then suddenly - They're face to face, each with a gun to the other - Mexican Standoff.
She fires a shot - Blowing Seamus off his feet and through a huge PLATE GLASS WINDOW.
But he can go no further, and he collapses in his own blood, near death, just as - Gregor takes a step towards the boat and - Sam makes up his mind and shoots - THE BULLET IMPACT - The Briefcase bursts, shot open by Sam and now we're in SLOW MOTION as - Gregor relaxes his grip on Deirdre as he struggles to close the case and - Deirdre takes the opportunity to dive the other, into the lake, while - BABOOM!
Sam pulls Deirdre out of the water and then the two of them immediately turn and move towards Vincent, and as they do we start to PULL BACK on them, and now the SOUNDS of SIRENS can be heard, one, then two more, and then a symphony of noise.
He lies back on his pillow, pissed and yet amused.
Sam looks up and shouts a warning as - The Punk pulls a shotgun from beneath his leather coat, pumps the gun and screams out at Deirdre with an Irish accent - BOOM!
The Punk pulls the trigger, a blast of fire as - Sam's gun is already out, TWO QUICK SHOTS squeezed off and - The Punk is capped twice in the head, dead, sailing away on the Ferry which never stops as - THE CAFE goes wild, CUSTOMERS running, screaming, WAITERS dropping their trays.
She is given to elaborate hats and villainous intrigue.
A beat.
A beat.
Then: A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Then more images, mad and outlandish and sedate and solemn; in the kitchen, in a car, around the pool, in a bar.
Welles bullies and screams and pleads and seduces.
She yelps and leaps away as the camera barrels through the table and smashes to the floor.
The electrician stops before Welles.
Welles rages as the difficult process eats up time...
And Welles slams the axe into the wooden floor of the set.
He continues to hack at the floor.
She hangs up.
She stops before Welles.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
He flips through it.
A beat.
He is in a titanic rage.
Schaefer stops.
A beat.
We will be immediately closing 12 of the papers and the wire services.
Schaefer glares at him and then rages off Welles straightens his suit and then, with a shaking hand, reaches for a cigar.
Absolute silence Pause Welles suddenly FLINGS his plate of food in Schaefer's direction as he Welles- rampages around the room And in a screaming, bellowing fury, Welles tears apart the room.
In a scene sharply reminiscent of Kane destroying Susan's bedroom, Welles rampages around the room, upsetting tables and smashing everything in reach.
It fails again.
And we can argue with them.
The doors are about to shut on Welles when he leans forward; and roars: The doors shut on Welles and we remain with Hearst as he slowly walks down the long hotel hallway.
A pillar of steam rises from an underground grate.
There's the LOUD UNMISTAKABLE "CLICK" of a gun being cocked.
OFFICER WALTER SOBOZINSKI, a middle aged cop with a couple of spare tires, stands by the front door with his gun drawn, in a dramatic stance.
A wire runs     from a battery pack on his belt, up the center of the    vest, ending at a scorched, bloody, explosive squib.
Jake removes the blood stained bills from the top of the pile.
Visibly upset by the bird, Jake moves towards the window and pushes it wide, allowing the bird to escape.
There's a KNOCK on the door that stops Lionel dead in his tracks.
Another KNOCK.
A RINGING PHONE...  Jake stirs on the futon oddly placed on the floor in the middle of the room and picks up the phone.
A huge room filled with steam.
We HEAR the SOUNDS OF CAR DOORS OPENING, then SLAMMING Moonan puts down the mic and hits "STOP" on a microcassette recorder.
THE SCENE DOESN'T CHANGE--- Slick MORPHS into a FAT TEXAS BUSINESS MAN wearing a ten-gallon hat.
Gillette heads towards a waiting Town Car.
Jake stops and gauges the crew for their reactions, which are the same all the way around-- Slack jawed disbelief.
SPECIAL AGENT GUNTHER MOONAN, still dressed in the same shitty suit, sits behind a desk as Rottovich and Sobozinski enter.
Again the flood of people.
Lily stands at the door watching Jake freak out in disbelief.
A RED HEADED MAN leans over to whisper in the ear of an important looking guy in the middle...  INSERT SHOT- A RED HEADED WOMAN, middle-aged with a bad haircut from the 70's carrying a suitcase leans down and tearfully kisses a SMALL BOY on the cheek.
Lupus casually punches Ashby in the arm.
Sobozinski punches Jake again.
Butch kicks Jake in the gut.
Another KNOCK.
The burned egg lands on the floor.
Gordo shakes the Loan Officer's hand and calmly walks towards the door.
A LOUD THUMPING NOISE...  Jake has Lupus by the hair as he rams his head repeatedly into the bar.
Lupus cocks the gun and crams it back into Jake's mouth.
Lupus lies in a heap at the floor.
The fantasy ends abruptly with A VIOLENT GRATING NOISE, as the studio's truck doors are yanked open, jolting Guido who is slumped in the crane seat.
Now BENITO, Guido's Casting Director, moves towards Guido, Guido tries to duck away from him as they head towards Guido's office.
Guido heads towards Wardrobe, goes straight through the door, swinging it shut, leaving the chaos behind him.
He lies down.
Lilli puts the tie round his neck.
This stops Guido.
Guido heads into the elegant Art Deco booth, pulls the glass door shut.
Roberta puts down her work and clears the room quietly, leaving them alone.
Guido picks up a straw hat.
She places the same straw hat on her head.
Saraghina and The Whores brandish tambourines.
Guido heads towards the door, still dressing.
Heads towards the table.
Raging, he grabs her and frogmarches her out the door.
The Matron is waiting at the door.
They drive away, and are immediately followed by a posse of photographers on their mopeds and Vespas and little cars.
She grabs his hat, puts it on her head.
As if you were angry.
Luisa strips.
As the strip becomes more raw, Luisa defiantly exposes her body and her contempt for Guido.
Guido is left alone.
He stops at his car and turns to Dante.
Puts down his script.
He shuts the car door and walks over to the end of the line.
It hits him.
There is a loud crash and everyone pauses and looks at AOKEE, waiting to see if he gets mad.
He shuts the stall door, tosses the balloon up to SKEETER, who places it strategically on the beam above the toilet.
AOKEE is busily cleaning and cursing the pigeons.
They will gang up on him.
With that, ALEX punches in, as if to punctuate the line.
We hear girls screaming and he exits quickly, followed by a volley of thrown girl's underwear, swimsuits and towels.
AOKEE is lathering on suntan lotion, and puts on a large straw hat.
Now he's really angry.
The simulated battle rages until three of the gladiators are on their knees before the three victorious gladiators.
The HEAD JUDGE is reading to the other JUDGES out loud, slaps his hand on one of the papers and comes up to the mike.
The head JUDGE takes a quarter out of his pocket and points to COWBOY to call it.
The place goes nuts.
Tarps are being thrown over everything and tied down.
She wants to be left alone.
It looks ridiculous because she is too tall to hold her like she is a baby.
She puts some weird oil in her hair and uses a wet nap on her neck and clothes and brushes her teeth.
He is a complete bicycling asshole.
Give me a break.
Our anger.
He takes a bite, tries to throw it but again, can't.
Why do we fight?
And you get so mad at me.
They hear a door slam.
JOSEPH (13.), the kid who insulted Sadie on her Facebook, turns and sees Debbie.
She storms off.
Desi looks insane.
Are you hitting on me?
I'm hitting on you.
That is what we call the "hat trick."
So, go fuck your witch doctor.
What the hell are you talking about?
That's because Simon writes the fucking songs!
It is tense.
Fuck you, Jill.
This is why everybody hates you.
Bullshit hair.
Because you're a fucking asshole.
Joseph told me that you flipped out on him and his mom and that you guys are nuts, and I agree.
Fuck you!
Okay, there's the first official "Fuck you."
Shut up, Charlotte.
Well, you two are fucking insane.
What do you want me to do? Admit that my life is shit?
I don't know what the fuck he's thinking right now.
You hate Jews.
Shut up, Charlotte.
You shut up! Shut up, Sadie!
Shut up, Charlotte!
Shut up! Okay, Sadie.
Shut up, Charlotte!
Okay, stop saying shut up!
He is very angry.
When the car stops for a red he keeps going, tears off to the left, crosses four lanes of traffic in both directions and almost gets hit.
Are you mad that I'm pregnant?
Shit.
Without looking, Striker decks the Zealot with one punch.
We HEAR the chug chug of a steam engine pulling from a station.
There is a KNOCK on the cockpit door.
Rumack slams the door in disbelief.
SOUND of car screeching to a stop.
He slams dowm the phone.
A spear slams into the wall behind Kramer.
Elaine is thrown to the floor.
SCREAMING firetrucks, police cars, and ambulances.
The shit hits it.
fluctuating.
skidding.
skidding.
skidding.
skidding.
is screaming.
is skidding.
The warrior, his identity hidden beneath his flowing robe and wide-brimmed hat, gnaws on a staff of bamboo.
The warrior delivers a punch and the whole gang goes flying.
Po falls flat on his face on the kitchen floor.
He hides his throwing star behind his back.
The Five jump into the middle of the ring.
The Commander snaps the scroll shut.
Po shuts the door.
The Commander shuts the Goose up.
On his way down, Tai Lung looks up and sees a fuse burning down to the last group of explosives.
Tai Lung throws the Goose into the air and he flutters off.
Baby Tai Lung punches the training dummy across the floor.
Shifu teaches Baby Tai Lung how to punch.
He crashes through the doors, running towards a waiting Shifu and Oogway.
Shifu throws up his hands in frustration and heads after Po.
Shifu surveys the room -- broken lock, smashed doors, unhinged cabinets.
Tigress punches Tai Lung as he hangs from the bridge.
Viper punches Tai Lung repeatedly with his own fist.
He strains at it.
Tai Lung punches Shifu clean through the doors of the Jade Palace.
Enraged, Tai Lung knocks over the Kung Fu artifacts and throws them at Shifu.
Tai Lung pulls Oogway's staff from the shrine.
Tai Lung pins Shifu down with the staff.
Tai Lung bounces off the wall and throws a lantern to the floor.
Tai Lung stops in his tracks.
Tai Lung's expression goes cold.
He grabs Shifu by the throat.
Tai Lung slams Shifu to the floor.
Tai Lung is furious.
Tai Lung knocks the woks away and exposes the scroll as Po uses his bamboo stilts to block Tai Lung.
Tai Lung is shocked.
As Tai Lung lands, he delivers a final devastating punch.
Tai Lung snarls and lunges at Po. Tai Lung attacks Po's nerve points.
Frustrated, he delivers a double-fisted punch to Po's belly.
top.location.href=location.href
They enter Mike's room -- the door has a "nuclear waste positively no admittance" sign on it.
Ben enters the room, angry.
As she gets out of the car, she hears a small explosion from the back of the house.
Mikey flips over immediately and pulls his clothes together, grabbing a TV Guide as Wendy stands up, the mask still on.
She pulls the keys out of the ignition, gets out of the car, and slams the door.
She takes him down and lays him flat on the bed.
The guy holding court is CHUCKIE SULLIVAN, 20, and the largest of the bunch.
One of them casually lobs a bottle into a wire garbage can.
The two exchange messy punches on the sidewalk.
Will is in trouble, back pedaling, dodging punches, trying to avoid being overrun.
Whatever demons must be raging inside Will, he is taking them out on Bobby Champa.
The look of rage returns to Will's eye.
Will resists.
Our boys are walking out of the bar teasing one another about their bar-ball exploits.
Will SLAMS SKYLAR'S PHONE NUMBER against the glass.
A beat.
A beat.
They throw cinderblocks out a window into a pile.
He stops at Skylar's dorm and knocks on the door.
Sean heads towards a table.
A beat.
A beat.
Beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Will hangs up.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Will loses it, slams the door shut.
A beat.
Plaster and lathing fly as Will vents his rage.
He hangs up.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Rudy dumps the piss onto Jeff and Kenny.
Now drenched with piss, Jeff and Kenny jump from the tree, screaming.
He's insulted.
Angered, Malee grabs the flute and exits.
Rudy exits the room, slamming the door after him.
DARKNESS...  SFX: CREAKING DOOR.
Leonard rises, picks up his bag and opens the TRAP DOOR in the floor.
It hits Rudy in the head, explodes and engulfs him in flames.
Unfortunately, he doesn't realize that the door in the floor is open.
A beat.
Now angry, Ashley starts throwing objects out of the cupboards, haphazardly.
Ashley slams her cupboard doors shut.
A beat.
After a few steps, he stops and throws up.
Men scream at each other.
A moment later, Kenny enters, looking pissed off.
Gus puts the gun to his head and fires.
Malee places the gun to her forehead and pretends to shoot herself.
TIGHT ON TRIGGER, a hair away from firing - The loud bang we heard was the front door slamming shut.
Leonard eyes his mother with hatred.
Yacco slams the phone down.
After a beat.
He pulls out the lock box, unlocks it and removes the gun.
Jacob puts the gun back in the lock box, throws it in the closet and storms out of the room.
Angry and disgusted, she takes it and throws it at the wall.
After a beat, Grace crawls over to it and starts shoving it down her throat.
She follows, shutting the door behind her.
Exhausted and wheezing, Grace drags herself over to the stove and shuts the gas off.
Jacob cocks the gun.
Jacob removes the gun from his pocket and places it back inside the lock box.
A Florist stops her.
Alone in his office, Parrish's ebullient mood immediately changes.
Faint SQUEALS of traffic from the street, then a KNOCK at the door.
Parrish keeps still, trying to cool the heat of Joe's temper.
He sits, then immediately stands up again.
Joe and Parrish are left alone now, eyes on each other's.
Parrish is expressionless.
Quince is struck dumb.
Parrish stops.
Parrish is struck dumb.
He starts to lead her to the floor, immediately stops.
Joe stops, Parrish stops with him.
Of a DOORMAN opening the door for a group of five men in suits.
Magnum Charthouse Bulldog revolvers and OPENS FIRE on them. is closing his bag when he hears the gun-thunder.
The Doorman FIRES both guns.
Martin lies on his back on the hardwood floor.
Martin cocks the gun....
Stabs another line.
BOB DESTEPHANO-- a big, angry- looking man in an expensive suit-- stands in the lot, puffing up amidst his stable of expensive cars.
He grabs the shoulder or the Skateboarder, who shrugs him off, annoyed-- The video game screen explodes.
The Skateboarder is running like crazy, and Martin's car is peeling out in reverse as the 7-11 is blown to hell.
She shuts the door and dials the phone.
Debi stops.
He lets the papier-mache ball drop and crack on the floor.
Above the lockers is a plastic banner proclaiming rips it down from the wall with his free hand, wraps it around Felix, stuffs the body into his open locker, and slams it shut.
pulls the doors shut, and takes off down the hall.
He cocks his head toward the door anticipating a...  KNOCK.
He freezes, then plucks a gun tapped under a desk, and moves toward the door, pointing.
She stops at the door.
Martin is left alone.
He shuts it and moves for the door.
She picks up her hard drive and smashes it on the floor.
They stop at what they see: As ASSASSIN lies on the porch, shot dead through the door by Martin.
Debi pulls Newberry inside, slams the front door, and locks it.
An ASSASSIN slams his body against the bathroom door while Debi and Newberry scream from within.
He takes hold of Assassin's neck and snaps it.
Martin stops short and cocks his head toward Grocer's muffled voice coming from the vent.
They lift their guns at each other to FIRE, when they hear...  power through the front door, guns BLAZING at floor-level, ala Butch and Sundance.
begins to rise from his side of the counter, cocking his gun.
gets off one round before flies onto Grocer, smashing the seventy-five pound television over his Goddamn head.
The front door SLAMS.
He takes her hat and DROPS IT on the ground.
She begins to clean blood from THE STRAIGHT RAZOR Paul's wife used to KILL HERSELF WITH.
He puts the chair down in the middle of the room.
ANNOYED by all the RATTLING while she searches, he bites the bullet and GOES IN.
She YELLS.
He turns off the ANNOYING RUNNING WATER.
He throws her suitcase AGAINST THE WALL.
The BOTTOM MATTRESS is on the floor in the MIDDLE OF THE ROOM.
They STOP THE SILLINESS.
This includes ROOSTERS, PIGEONS and annoyed NAIL FILING by one of the CREW.
They SCATTER towards the STONE WALL with Olympia and Crew The kids CLIMB THE WALL for escape from the CRAZY ADULTS.
Pissed, she THROWS THE PILLOW she was covering her AMPLE BREAST with at Paul.
A SIREN screams outside.
He takes off his hat for her.
She screams but goes with it.
She slaps the sink top, CHILDLIKE.
She THROWS HER PURSE at the door.
She SLAPS him back.
Marcel stops him.
He takes a bar from the floor and slides it into a spot on the top of a DOOR FRAME.
She kicks the door shut with her foot.
She puts a PORTABLE RECORD PLAYER in the BASSINET.
She knocks on the FLOOR near her.
She SLAPS HIS He points to her CROTCH.
She STRUGGLES more.
JEANNE'S MOTHER beats the dirt off her LATE HUSBANDS MILITARY Jeanne tries on another of her FATHERS MILITARY UNIFORMS complete with HAT.
She takes off the HAT and JACKET and throws them on the sofa.
She shuts the door and HEADS DOWN.
Jeanne's SCREAMS come from the other room.
Jeanne screams BLOODY MURDER and points to a DEAD RAT on the He PICKS IT UP by the tail.
She freaks.
He THROWS HER OVER his shoulder and carries her KICKING AND SCREAMING into the...  Jeanne is in the BATHTUB.
She comes up ANGRY.
He SMACKS her with the washcloth on the head.
He SHOVES HER under again.
I mean, who the hell were you?
For five years, I was more a guest in this fucking flophouse than a husband.
You cheap, goddamn, fucking, godforsaken whore.
You lied to me and I trusted you.
You lied.
She knocks on the door, INCESANTLY.
This stops Jeanne in her TRACKS.
They LIE ON THE FLOOR...
She is FREAKED OUT NOW.
One FLOOR AFTER ANOTHER...
He grabs her as she tries to UNLOCK THE DOOR.
She dashes over and UNLOCKS THE DOOR and flies inside trying to slam the door shut.
He shuts the door and WANDERS IN...  Jeanne stands with her back turned staring down into the GUN He LOOKS AROUND THE PLACE, assessing it...
He REMOVES THE HAT and puts it down.
He can only MUTTER.
Lester gropes blindly to shut it off.
She's furious.
She locks the sliding glass door and starts to pull the vertical blinds shut, then stops.
She SLAPS herself again.
Teenage boys play a fast and furious game.
Her movements take on a blatantly erotic edge as she starts to unzip her uniform, teasing us with an expression that's both innocent and knowing, then...  she pulls her uniform OPEN and a profusion of RED ROSE PETALS spill forth... and we SMASH CUT TO: Angela, fully clothed, is once again surrounded by the other girls.
Irritated, Jane stares at him, hard.
His POV, on VIDEO: Jane, angry and self-conscious, turns and walks quickly toward her house, flipping us off as she goes.
You've only been in Seventeen once, and you looked fat, so stop acting like you're goddamn Christy Turlington.
He crosses off.
Lester quickly hides the joint behind his back.
Jane glances at Angela, irritated.
We HEAR the sharp TAP of a penny being thrown against glass.
Jane tries to shut the drapes, but Angela won't let her.
Irritated, Jane retreats into the room.
Moving swiftly, Ricky pulls the drapes shut and switches on a light.
The room is filled with STEAM.
He gives the URINE SPECIMEN to Lester, then locks the door.
We HEAR KEYS TURNING in the lock, then the door opens and Ricky enters, holding a RING OF KEYS, followed by Jane.
GLASS CASES filled with GUNS line the walls.
Carolyn sits in her chair, shivering with rage.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
She stands there with her breasts exposed, trying to look defiant, but she's achingly vulnerable...  Suddenly, the door is thrown open and the Colonel enters, incensed.
Ricky scrambles to dodge his father, but the Colonel is too fast; he punches Ricky in the face, knocking him to the floor.
She quickly pulls it shut.
Carolyn enters through the kitchen, flushed and angry.
She stares back, annoyed.
We can still HEAR Carolyn's muffled SCREAMING.
A beat.
A beat.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
And she exits, SLAMMING the door behind her.
He turns to her and cocks an eyebrow.
She shuts the door and locks it, then takes the GLOCK 19 out of her purse.
Beth begins to sob in anticipation.
Matt was so suddenly, emotionally extended that the anger leaves him that quickly...  just a strange atypical lightning bolt of rage toward life and women.
Beth turns angry again.
Cathy closes the door, shutting her off.
A sob escapes him--shocked that he's so close to tears on a public street corner, he battles for control...  another sob as he looks to the heavens.
He moves down three rows and sits in an aisle seat just as the film opens with a series of violent explosions.
Matt, his tally finished, squats on the floor, waiting.
He knocks on the door.
Jeannie takes advantage of Matt's being stopped and moves into the toilet, locking the door behind her.
He yells to the locked door.
She goes to an open suitcase and throws things on the floor until she finds the right jammies.
Play-pen in the middle of the floor...  Jeannie stands there staring at Essa who is playing with her little brother.
There is a stab of despair.
The anger leaves Matt.
He sits nearby sizing her up, pissed.
She throws the script down.
Matt stops her and takes the script.
Devoid of anger.
Matt pissed.
She takes this act of Cathy's as an insult to herself and her father.
He punches the speaker button.
She wakes up and puts it on herself.
Neck-and-neck.
FIRING WEAPONS.
Disk SLAMS Rush in the gut, knocks him flat.
They slap high fives.
He freaks, drops his disk, grabs for it.
D-rezz cocks Romball.
Krod turns twice, ending up in Tron's lane.
He pauses to eavesdrop on Mega's communication: Rush listens, hurt and angry.
Mega turns, running smack into: Angry silence.
Romball slams off a wall, heads back to D-rezz, but Tron's disk HITS IT, knocking it off course.
Throws again - Rush DUCKS - Tron's disk slams D-rezz.
He fights the data intrusion, but his circuits sequentially SHUT DOWN.
Krod slams him, makes him stop.
Cars honk, tempers flare.
Flynn holds Mega, anger re-ignited.
The office clears, doors shut.
Troops throw disks, battle in pairs, repair weapons, tweak armor circuitry.
Sinclair's circuits snap with rage.
Diarmuid's shoulders visibly sag, he lets out a long frustrated breath.
So you keep I've been asking, asking, Pamela stops talking and waits for Disney to calm down.
Dick quickly hides the next set of sheet music entitled: Dick's fingers crunch the piano keys.
She shuts the door quickly behind her.
He stops, turns, goes back to the door, puts his hand on the handle, stops himself and moves on.
Dick begins to play-- Pamela sighs, so do Don and Bob.
If you want this choice (expecting Dick to stop.) position, No no!
They can't make deman-- have a cheery disposition-- But Dick ignores her and carries on.
An upright, top hatted gentleman holds the door of the bank open chivalrously for her.
He takes a pencil from behind his ear and marks Dick's sheet music.
Margaret is aghast at being spoken to like that in public but she keep her mouth shut.
The shameful glare of Allora burning into them.
He is shaking badly with DT's, his mood is poisonous.
Bob pulls a kite out from behind his back.
Dick punches the air.
Suddenly she turns into a wildcat - lashing, thrashing, biting, screaming.
Carol shuts the cabinet.
She shuts the door.
The door shuts behind him.
He stands on his tiptoes and puts a strip of masking tape on the top edge of the doorframe.
Carol stops the pen at the same point.
He stares at her in overacting disbelief and slumps to the floor.
He gets in the car, his mood darkening, and pulls his door shut with a slam.
Nick jerks the car back into his lane, bats the map down again, and pulls off to the side of the road.
He hits himself in the head in angry disbelief.
He steps back into the house and shuts the door.
Beat.
He punches the hood of the car.
A mass of suits and hats.
She grabs at it.
Mr. Givings gives his son a level, warning look.
Steam rises from the vegetables.
She carries a pot of steaming, overcooked vegetables to the sink, slops them into a colander.
Frank glares with barely contained fury.
Shep slips behind the wheel and is immediately kissing her, groping.
Rage bubbling.
Frank stares at John, his rage increasing.
Mr. Givings moves John towards the door.
He winks at April and puts his hat on.
He begins to shake with anger.
She catches the door before it shuts and watches him through the screen.
top.location.href=location.href
Rocky becomes furious over the foul and drives a flurry into the man's body...  Rocky slams the man on the jaw and the fighter is out for the night.
He puts on a pair of glasses.
He then switches into a bullish fighting stance and throws several punches.
The water boils.
Rocky passes another FIGHTER punching the heavy bag.
Mike fakes a friendly punch at Rocky and hurries off to another chore...
He has a foul personality...
Angered and shocked, Rocky grabs her arm.
After a moment, Adrian removes the hat...
Rocky is now on the ground floor yelling up to Adrian on the top floor landing.
Dipper cuts loose with a hook and knocks Mike flat.
Without warning, he explodes with a pair of combinations into Dipper's exposed ribs.
Filled with uncontrollable anger, Paulie smashes into the room.
Rocky freezes...  Paulie smashes a small table with the bat.
Paulie cocks the bat back and tenses...  Rocky remains still.
The Referee's voice fades and the fighters' expressions fill the screen... Something soulful and frightening is being communicated.
The Champion unleashes a lethal blow to the side of the head that jolts Rocky's mouthpiece into the second row...  Rocky sags against the ropes in a crucified position... The insane crowd leaps to their feet.
A vast expanse.
She hates this.
The iron breathes hot fumes...  spray starch plumes like jet exhaust.
Lamarr stops in his tracks.
The streets are not yet crowded with traffic.
Perry is jammed and behind the window, Raul is slapping orders up in a frenzy.
He punches in "Can't.
Sob! Coming!" Talia and the scooter gang pull in.
The others pretend to be grumpy diners: Feed us!
Dean is opening the car door for Mercedes, putting on the class act for a night out.
She sticks her neck out.
But, damn.
Out of the back, Dean, looking like he He pays the cabbie, pissed off about everything.
Is crushed.
The WIFE has a A ball flies in and hits Larry smack in the head, sending his pipe flying.
And stupid in her Cashier's Apron.
The class has stopped.
She looked at his neck, his ears.
And smelled him.
top.location.href=location.href
Through a microscope we see cells multiplying and gene strands exponentially increasing with the vibrancy of exploding flowers.
Kolarus III is on the viewscreen, the ion storm raging beyond it.
The turbolift doors slide shut.
Picard screeches to a stop.
A beat.
It cracks.
And it is aggressive.
A beat.
A beat.
Commander Suran is angry, pacing.
A beat.
A battle breaks out in the corridor -- the energy beams and explosions illuminating the violent fire fight in strobe-like bursts.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Shinzon slams his command chair in fury.
A beat.
A beat.
The Enterprise recoils, dangerously dropping out of warp in a furious lurch.
(The Romulan Warbirds must remain decloaked to fire weapons and are visible throughout the battle.)
Her bridge is in ruins.
A sudden disruptor blast stops them cold!
A massive COLLISION as the Enterprise SLAMS into the Scimitar -- as it SMASHES and GRINDS into Shinzon's ship -- The Scimitar REELS -- Everyone goes FLYING!
Shinzon stands in the ruins of his bridge.
Suddenly -- a MASSIVE BLAST as the doors to the bridge explode in.
Slips them on.
He looks a little pissed she's questioning his judgment.
Punches in numbers on her cell phone.
She floors it; the tires SCREAMING.
He goes crazy on the stranded Olds: punching the roof, jerking the door handle, kicking the door, screaming at her the whole time.
Who the hell takes a stroll in the middle of a snowstorm?
Backs into - She SCREAMS.
He closes his eyes and shakes his head, beyond frustrated.
He turns and trudges back to the Oldsmobile, climbs in, and pulls the door shut after him.
She pulls the door shut behind her, then huddles against it.
He tosses his useless watch over his shoulder into the back seat.
He sits up sharply, temper boiling over, glaring at her.
She looks at him in mute fury and disbelief.
Slams the door.
Her SCREAM brings our guy BOLTING out of the car.
He eases the door shut, carefully so it doesn't latch and accidentally lock them out.
A scream builds in her throat at sight of him.
She pulls the passenger door shut.
He turns to her, says in an angry whisper - But she's already digging cash out of her purse.
He takes off his hat so he can mop his brow.
The cop's expression of FURY suddenly STUTTERS, like film slipping in the projector - As two worlds that should never intersect, do, violently - For an instant, the cop's face appears... charred.
-- POV underneath his patrol car, as his boots kick her feet apart, and take up position between them -- The brim of his hat lifting to reveal him looking up with a scowl of surprise -- And the cop's scowl curdles into a look of outrage at sight of -- -- SILHOUETTES of old men watching on the hilltop, roused by the commotion down on the road below -- -- The cop wrenches open the back door of the car, hurls her in, slams the door shut.
Our guy claps hands over his ears so he can't hear the sound of the cop's rage as he attacks the car, fury growing and growing until it's indistinguishable from the HOWLING wind outside.
She scrambles to her feet and makes a mad dash toward the Oldsmobile - Only to find when she tugs on the handle that it's STUCK.
She kicks the handle, tugs with all her might, rocking the car but not succeeding in getting the door open.
Alex shuts the door on him.
AND LOUD.
Javier looks at her - what the hell is she talking about?
She is IRATE.
Beth forces a smile as she processes with Buddy - who stops to piss on a chair leg.
Gigi is THROWN.
Ben deftly shuts and locks the door behind them.
She makes a show of CLOSING AND LOCKING THE DOOR.
As soon as she's gone, Ben gets up, shuts the office door - and goes to the closet - when the door Anna pulls her clothes back on in a FURY.
She RECOILS.
The bullets shatter her rib cage and collapse her right lung.
Butch is unmoved and expressionless.
Mixter enters and shuts the door.
Delaney slides the hatch shut and walks over to the next door.
Delaney slides the hatch shut.
Delaney slides the hatch shut.
Delaney slams the hatch shut.
Lisa slams the hatch shut and rushes towards the exit.
He looks back at Pemberton with a shit eating grin.
She throws open the door.
Hardcastle puts a key in the lock and prepares to open Kimble's cell.
Hardcastle turns the key and kicks open the door.
She hears a SCREAM emerge from one of the rooms.
She puts her ear to the door and hears the SCREAM again.
Ronald Senior grabs Butch by the scruff of the neck and SLAMS him against the door.
Louise SCREAMS.
Lisa slams the file shut and the office door opens.
She hits the floor with a thud.
Lisa's upset demeanour disappears immediately.
The lock of the door turns.
She can hear GUN SHOTS and SCREAMING.
The lock on the door snaps.
The man STABS his cheek with the scalpel.
BANG!
She tries the handles of a door but it's locked.
She SLAMS the door behind her.
Suddenly the door EXPLODES, a large hole blown through the middle of it by the GUN SHOT.
Lisa pulls the door shut and falls to the floor of the dark interior.
The gun BLOWS a HOLE right through the door.
He SCREAMS and drops the gun in the cupboard before stumbling backwards into the staff room.
Lisa enters, kicking the door shut behind her.
Lawrence gives him a slightly mistrustful look, but then holds up the key and throws it.
Suddenly, Adams saw snaps in the middle, and his temper flares.
Sing comes through the door, shuts it behind him.
She reaches behind her head, pulling at the lock and the timer, trying to pull it off, but it is stuck there.
As soon as she hears the scream she turns and bolts towards her daughters room.
Alison screams at him through her gag.
Dianas screams become more desperate, Alisons more frantic, more angry.
Tapp hits stop.
So can the sound of a gun being loaded and cocked.
As the two argue, the man in the chair continues to protest his position.
He gets out of the car, shutting the door and going over to a phone on the wall to dial security to let him out.
He puts the camera down on the table, taking the strap off from around his neck, takes off his headphones and cd player, presses stop and puts them down off to the side.
Adam stands up, his stance and body language accusing of Lawrence.
Lawrence spins out of his corner, screaming in rage.
In wrestling for the gun a shot is let off, and Diana continues to scream.
Tapp fires back, but his gun jams.
Zep gets up off the floor more, but just then Tapp gives up on his gun and charges at Zep, screaming.
He tackles Zep, knocking him flat on his back.
Zep pushes his way up but Tapp grabs him from behind, pulling him towards him.
Zep grabs a vase on the floor and turns, smashing it over Tapps head.
Back in the bathroom, Lawrence continues to freak out as he mentally breaks down, clutching the chain and screaming more.
Lawrence sits up, stops pulling at his chain but continues screaming.
Adam collapses to the floor in his corner, screaming and wincing.
Tapp grabs him up and throws him forward against a cage wall.
Back to Tapp pummeling Zep from behind in the back.
Zep falls to the floor, gun beside him.
Tapp goes down for the gun but Zep reacts, grabbing it.
Adam pulls him towards him, struggles to get the gun from Zeps hand, screaming.
Adam SCREAMS as loud as he can in terror and despair as John pauses for a moment with the door halfway shut, and says John slams the door shut the rest of the way, and we are left in darkness with the sound of Adam screaming No! Dont!!! over and over and crying.
The Batmobile smashes into a row of parked cars.
He produces A BIG He releases the firework; it flies at a crazy drunk angle, people screaming and diving for cover.
An angry, stuffy old man and his wife and daughter sit horrified at the center.
Piss off.' Hobson picks up Sofia's panties and bra from the floor like a crime scene officer.
Hobson is sitting, exasperated, going through various expenditures.
Vivienne nods to Hobson as the door to her lair shuts.
At table level, Susan waits, irritated.
A beat.
She screams.
Vivienne, irritated, hands Hobson a coffee cup.
She heads towards the door.
The tailor is positioning a top hat on Arthur's miserable head.
Arthur storms out, slamming the door.
They tussle.
He throws the cellphone off the roof.
He slams the door.
The kettle boils.
The bus door shuts.
Ah shit.
TOURISTS throw money.
Arthur throws the money to THE DRIVER.
The hateful silence that only 500 angry rich people can muster.
Burt, crazed with hatred, drags him by his hair off the altar.
Poe continues to rage, his paws doing crazy eights on the hardwood floor, until he's spun himself completely around and is barking at the living room.
As Sara eases the door shut, GRADY nods to a 1951 YANKEE'S PENNANT hanging over the mantle.
A DOOR SLAMS downstairs and GRADY and James jump.
GRADY throws the car in reverse, backs straight up, then turns up a one-way street.
The JANITOR, the same shaggy-haired kid GRADY saw rigging the WordFest banner earlier, is struggling with a balky FLOOR WAXER as GRADY steps up to the double doors and slaps his hand against the glass.
As CRABTREE SNORES thunderously, GRADY eases open the door, spots the CAR KEYS on the dresser, grabs them.
GRADY eases the door shut, starts to turn, then stops, his eyes drawn to the door just across the landing from Crabtree's room.
Pupcik nods slowly, as if re-filing GRADY under "Dealing With Assholes."
Hank snaps off the tape, slaps Grady's ankle.
GRADY stops, his own words ringing in his head.
CRABTREE cocks his head toward the reams of paper stacked on Grady's desk.
The door closes, the LATCH CLICKS, and GRADY is left alone, the bossa nova floating softly in the air.
Hannah nods, averts her eyes, and immediately GRADY feels ridiculous.
BILL MAZEROSKI legendary Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman, large as a Macy's Day float, his weathered image scaling three floors on the BRICK face of a RIVERFRONT CRABTREE takes a corner recklessly, immediately slows, and blinks in amazement.
CRABTREE goes into another slide, one-hops the curb, and smashes flat into the weathered GLOVE of BILL MAZEROSKI painted on the front wail of KRAVNIK'S SPORTING GOODS.
It-doesn't seem to matter anymore If there was a Kentucky Derby for editorial bullshit, Crabtree's last three utterances would finish win, place, and show.
Sara turns ... as the door glides shut.
He picks his way behind the back row, scanning the aisles.
GRADY KNOCKS.
Sara cocks her head.
As GRADY snaps shut his door, the car drifts off, gradually losing itself in- the soft veil of falling snow.
Jay and Silent Bob are thrown against the wall outside by a COP, who frisks them.
The Child emits a high-pitched scream and starts punching himself in the head.
The Bus Driver heads down the aisle toward the back of the bus, followed by pissed-off PASSENGERS.
Jay wakes up suddenly, screaming.
Jay throws his guitar at him as well, yelling and flipping the bird as the van drives off.
Then, the pair smash through a window, landing in the floor in a ball.
Jay shakes his head frustrated.
Jay screams at it.
Jay looks to Bob, pissed The counter on the device attached to the van hits "0," and the van BLOWS UP.
Then-- There's a few COP CARS outside, and the SHERIFF is yelling at the diner through his bullhorn.
The Sheriff is livid.
He points at it, screaming.
Suddenly, Jay hammers his two fists into the Security Guard's neck, knocking him out.
There's a LINE OF PEOPLE waiting at the door.
The Agents crack up even more, Willenholly's pissed.
Silent Bob peddles like mad, racing toward the Golf Cart.
On the Bluntcave set, two massive doors open in the fake rock.
The clapper/Loader shuts the clapboard and races off.
Cock-Knocker slams one of his huge fists into Jay's balls.
Bob rushes the astonished Cock-Knocker and the pair start light saber dueling.
Cock-Knocker battles Bob back.
He lands behind Cock-Knocker, striking another pose.
Cock- Knocker then high- kicks Bob in the face, knocking him on his ass across the floor.
Cock-Knocker rushers over to deliver a saber kill-shot, when we hear-- Cock-Knocker turns to see-- Jay, standing on the rotating monitor station, holding a double-sided saber.
Willenholly cocks his shotgun and heads for the door.
The Kids charge Willenholly, who screams like a woman as he's attacked.
Jay attacks Cock-Knocker with his Bong Saber, full throttle.
Cock-Knocker climbs the ladder slightly to evade the attack, dueling Jay back with the saber in his other hand.
On cue, Jay delivers a kill-shot to one of Cock-Knocker's huge fists, cutting it off (a la Empire.).
After a beat, Jay adds-- Justice now has the advantage over Sissy, holding her head and kicking her in the face, repeatedly, screaming.
Jay and Bob nod at each other, then grab the KID, pull him outside, and start beating the shit out of him on his front lawn.
Jay and Bob knocking at another door.
Again, Jay and Bob pull the Kid outside and beat the shit out of him.
Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a CLERK.
Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a WOMAN.
Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a PRIEST.
Jay and Bob beat the shit out of a BUSINESSMAN.
The film was roundly drubbed as a bad idea by the denizens of the Internet chat boards, and over the course of the next year, while they waited for the Quick Stop restraining order to expire, Jay and Silent Bob tracked them all down and beat the shit out of them.
Oh, shut up.
(bites Shrek's ear.) Ow! Blah! Awful stuff.
(they shut the door on him.)
Kill the beast!
Oh, how rude.
I steal from the rich and give to the needy.
Break it down.
I'll take my blade and ram it through your heart, keep your eyes on me, boys 'cause I'm about to start...  Man, that was annoying!
Why? What's wrong?
Especially useless, pathetic, annoying, talking donkeys!
Cut it out.
I object!
He withdraws, slams the door.
It upsets her.
He takes a wool hat off his head.
They HEAR Bob's CAR DOORS SLAM.
Terry is in a silent rage.
OUTSIDE THE OFFICE: Sammy shuts the door.
WE CUT BETWEEN THEM.
There is a knock at the door.
Brian's eyes are shut.
Terry belts him, and suddenly they are throwing wild punches at each other.
BRIAN is stunned into sheer gaping fury.
Sammy comes out of Rudy's room, shutting the door softly.
Terry fluffs his pillow and shuts his eyes.
She heads for the door, stops.
She grabs the bottle from him and upsets some of the dishes on the table.
They HEAR the PICKUP PULL UP OUTSIDE, O.C. Rudy gets up immediately.
Cars HONK, a taxi driver YELLS.
She lets out a scream that stops Sam dead in his tracks.
ANOTHER CONTRACTION - Rebecca screams.
Sam SCREAMS.
He doesn't get two steps before Lucy wakes screaming.
There's a knock at the door.
She kicks it!
There's a KNOCK at the door.
She suddenly screams at them: We hear sobbing and see Rita sitting across from a very rich, very angry COUPLE.
Redefining road rage, Rita's slamming the horn.
Devastated.
Locking it with a key.
Sam jumps up from the table, trembling with anger.
Lucy's pictures start ANGRY, angular with blacks and blues, then GRADUALLY soften and the dark figures recede.
She slaps him.
STUNNED, he slaps her back.
STUNNED, she slaps him again.
HE SLAPS HER.
She rips the newspaper wall down.
And staring into his eyes, she begins to sob, walls crumbling.
She comes out of the house and shuts the door behind her, stopping him.
She knocks on the door.
He knocks on the door.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Sam wakes with a start, throws down the covers.
On the other side of the man in the tired suit is a lanky Man with a voltmeter around his neck, NORMAN.
And he slams down the phone.
And we see Jeffrey hitting golf balls, driving one after another, after another...   His swing is powerful, angry, a lone golfer, trying to chill out.
The "insect" comes to a stop.
It's malevolent as hell.
There's the sound of a car door shutting.
Unpacked boxes are on the floor.
And as we DOLLY along her side, we come upon her face and discover she's been up all along and her eyes are pressed shut, her hands over her ears... her reaction to his raging on the phone.
She's waiting for water to boil.
And simultaneously... Liane and the Girls are running toward him... like in a bad fucking dream.
Agent #3 ignores him, putting the computer in the trunk of their car.
Lowell finds himself angry and alone.
He knocks on the door.
And he SLAMS the phone down.
But the door stops, the chain-lock drawn.
He grabs it.
He shuts off the light.
That stops her dead in her tracks.
HOLD FOR A BEAT as we HEAR: OFF SCREEN Sound: From the street below, the garbage truck grinding up garbage.
As it pulls to a stop.
Once door is shut behind them: By now they have crossed to the elevator.
HOLD IN THE DOORWAY as he takes off his shirt and pants and leaves them lying on the floor.
He is a divorced father, putting in his time, not giving a shit about the child.
He throws a ball.
He half-carries, half-drags the child kicking and screaming into his room.
And he slams the door behind him.
Kim screams at the sight of the blood.
Agitated.
As it pulls to a stop, the doors open and, along with the usual flood of mothers and children we SEE Ted and Billy.
It is clear that something is bothering him.
She crosses to him.
There is a beat of silence, then: Thelma leans against the door and begins to sob.
Joanna's last ounce of reserve crumbles, she begins to sob.
Cold as fuck.
Shit.
She looks around, decides fuck it, and HITS THE GAS.
The cop screams.
He points to A DRUNK DRAPED OVER THE JUKEBOX, MOURNFULLY Pointing to A WOMAN TRYING TO RIP A PAY PHONE FROM THE WALL.
Baton twirlers in Santa Hats.
Milo takes a step towards Rudolph and DWIGHT APPEARS IN Suddenly, DWIGHT PUNCHES MILO IN THE GUT.
Milo drags Rudolph through the crowd towards his car.
Kicks it.
Sid slams the back shut.
Sid shuts his door, then speaks into his phone, low: He hangs up.
Milo stops in front of 303, and knocks on the door.
Milo glances around, then works the lock...  Milo slips inside, pulling the door shut behind him.
Cass slips inside and the door swings shut behind her with a soft CLICK.
Shit.
He starts to scream again.
Stewart pulls into traffic, FOLLOWING THE CADILLAC.
Milo knocks on the door.
Notebook open, phone to ear, lap holding the plain envelope, ripped open, contents exposed: A PIECE OF PAPER THAT SAYS: "ATLANTIC She has underlined "Sparrow" and made a list: "Person's name?
Cass stomps her foot, furious.
Suddenly, CASS STARTS TO SOB.
Slams the trunk shut.
Cass tosses the matches and handkerchief, AND PUNCHES MILO IN THE BALLS.
Next thing you know, IT'S WWF TIME, THE TWO OF THEM ROLLING Milo gets her pinned, but Cass grabs his ear and TWISTS: He pulls her arm behind her back...  ...and she jerks her head back, SMACKING him in the nose.
PEEKING OUT OF THE TOP OF THE DUFFLE IS THE TASER GUN.
Milo breaks out into loud guffaws.
Cass is furious.
Suddenly, Ray GRABS STEWART'S HEAD AND SMASHES IT INTO THE Milo checks his watch, then raps on the door.
Cass squints at the taser gun, trying to read the tiny instruction label on the side: He comes in and SHE JAMS THE TASER GUN INTO HIS NECK AND HITS ... and keeps going.
The door is slammed shut behind her.
Shit.
Then she throws open the pen, REVEALING A HUGE BULL.
She DIVES INTO THE CAR AND SLAMS THE DOOR just before the BULL RAMS INTO THE SIDE OF THE CAR.
Milo MOVES HIS WEAPONS FROM THE DUFFLE INTO HIS OWN JACKET WHILE HE DRIVES.
MILO PULLS OUT HIS GUN and STARTS FIRING BACK...  GROUND.
Mahler pulls alongside them again and Milo WRENCHES the wheel to the left, SLAMMING THE CADILLAC INTO MAHLER'S CAR.
Fuck.
In other words, HE'S IN HELL.
The person SCREAMS.
MILO TAKES A STEP BACK, THEN Halfway down the hallway, THE MAID HEARS THE DOOR BEING KICKED IN.
As she does, she notices a matchbook on the floor: IT'S A GREEN MATCHBOOK WITH A BLACK As he turns away, SHE SLIPS THE MATCHBOOK INTO HER PURSE.
Shit.
Beat.
Milo and Cass both try to downplay: Before Cass can protest more, MILO GRABS HER ARM.
Beat.
Cass listens while Mom rants: Cass hangs up.
She sits up a little and glances over at MILO'S NIGHT TABLE WHERE HE LEFT THE KEYS AND GUN IN PLAIN VIEW.
Her hand is groping around blindly, where the fuck is it?
Cass stares at the ceiling, fuming.
He grabs a rag and approaches Jimmy.
Mahler gags him, THEN PUNCHES HIM IN THE FACE.
She is looking for a window to climb into, when she spots JIMMY'S Shit.
Fuck it.
In disbelief: Milo is pulling up.
He reaches a hand through the driver's window, grabbing at her. Cass SCREAMS, squeezes her eyes shut and HITS THE GAS.
IMMEDIATELY, HIS CELL PHONE RINGS.
But before he can respond, They are stopped when MILO'S FACE IS SLAMMED INTO THE SIDE OF THE BOAT.
Behind her back, Milo looks sheepish.
Because at this very moment...  ...Bobby is paddling frantically, pausing every once in a while to curse the motor, WHICH FOR SOME REASON REFUSES TO START.
He checks his watch: To shut her up, Milo GRABS HER AND KISSES HER.
ONE GELMAN, Milo stops in his tracks.
Beat.
Frustrated, Della turns on the radio.
Della stops.
Hell on Earth.
An angry DRIVER screams at another.
Della pushes the money towards her and waits for her coffee.
Della's really angry now.
Two unseen car doors click open and clunk shut again.
She slams into   the driver's seat and punches the door lock switch.
There is a loud SCRAAAAAPE noise as the car heaves over the barrier.
Tomas screams at Chuckie.
Doors slam.
They're shooting at her! Della steps the accelerator to the floor praying the Explorer won't skid out.
Close to screaming now she speeds up.
Speaking of which, where are these little bastards?
Punches her way through the branches.
Chuckie pushes Huey half playfully, half annoyed.
She hears a loud thudding noise.
She bites back a sob.
How the hell do they know her name?
She stops dead in her tracks.
He moves towards her, face twisted with hate, arm raised.
She throws herself up onto the first floor and darts between Tomas and Huey.
Della catches a peripheral glimpse of Tomas leaping towards her, but his leading foot slams down instead onto the back of Huey's neck.
Chuckie punches Tomas' leg.
A loud noise startles her.
Bill wakes him up.
Takes off his reading glasses and puts on another pair.
Knock on the door.
Knock on the door.
Knock at door.
He puts the script under the typewriter.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
She sobs.
Knock on the door.
In the b.g., we see the fireman closing the doors of the firehouse, and the firedog being restrained, on a leash, by him and shut up inside the firehouse.
Knock at the door.
They stop at a room, knock on the door.
He takes the paper, balls it up and throws them into the trash.
They hear screaming.
Darkness.
Doors slam.
The real ROYAL PARTY, meanwhile, walks briskly through an underground corridor which leads to the back door of the hotel.. PAPARAZZI who were waiting at the back exit, speak to their COLLEAGUES on their cell phones, and are about to jump on their motorcycles to join them in the chase, when suddenly.. HENRI PAUL, PRINCESS DIANA, her BODYGUARD and DODI FAYED emerge from a door, and climb into a waiting Mercedes.
Irritable.
The QUEEN is left alone.
A rather formidable, handsome, aristocratic man with a military bearing, is driven in a car, speaking into a mobile phone.. TONY privately rolls his eyes at the ridiculous upper-class pronunciation..
Among them: the CHIEF CONSTABLE of the METROPOLITAN police, the heads of the FIRE SERVICE and AMBULANCE SERVICE, military OFFICERS, representatives from the three palaces, Kensington Palace, (DIANA's court.),
Irritated at being disturbed.. TONY rolls his eyes, then picks up the phone.
ESTATE WORKERS remove their hats as she drives past..
The engine roars in protest, and.. `Snap'.
ALASTAIR expects TONY to be pleased, but instead he appears concerned.. CAMPBELL shows BLAIR the front page of `THE GUARDIAN' where "BLAIR DEFENDS STOICAL ROYALS.." is a minor headline.. TONY's expression changes.
Frustrated.
Go to open the doors for her.. Working STALKERS and GHILLIES stop in their tracks, and double-take.
We over hear whispers, `Bloody hell!' `It's her!' Presently, the HEAD GHILLIE appears in a doorway, deferentially straightening his hair, and clothes.
He points it at the girl and pretends to SHOOT.
SLAM!
The door SMASHES open.
Killer Rich KICKS OPEN the stall, GRABS Stucky by the neck and PULLS him out.
Karl grows increasingly HOSTILE, knocks a candy display over, raises his gun over his head and fires into the ceiling.
Ravelli SMASHES through the front door knocking Karl to the ground.
Ravelli lunges at Karl, smashing him over the head with the hammer.
Ravelli's clown head comes loose and falls to the floor.
Spaulding STEPS DOWN from behind the counter, puts his foot on Karl's throat and points his pistol at Karl's head.
The door shuts.
Tortured screams fill the room.
From a STRANGER'S POV we see the car STRUGGLING down a dirt road.
Bill stops the car.
The GUN fires THREE SHOTS at the car's rear tire.
Bill shuts off the radio.
The heavy iron door slams shut.
Denise lets out a blood-curdling SCREAM.
The sound of the front door SLAMMING shut is heard, followed by the POUNDING of heavy footsteps.
Bill begins to pull the car down the long dirt driveway towards the road.
It is chained shut with a huge padlock.
SUDDENLY, one of the SCARECROWS JUMPS down from his cross and SMASHES Bill over the head with a HEAVY CLUB.
Jerry throws open his door to get out.
He also begins smashing the car's windows.
Spaulding enters from behind the curtain, angry.
Tiny throws the remainder of the cereal into the cage.
THUMP!
THUMP!
A LOUD knocking interrupts her cooking.
The thick door is chained shut.
The moaning gets louder.
The revolver is behind her back, tucked in her apron strings.
Wydell stops her.
Mother points the gun at Wydell's head and fires.
BLACK and ORANGE PAPER STREAMERS are draped from ceiling to floor.
This is the Halloween party from Hell.
A drunk Rufus, wearing a bloody police uniform, stands on a table SHOUTING along to the music through a POLICE MEGAPHONE.
Rufus cuts loose Jerry, but holds him steady by the neck.
Otis pulls out a gun and points it at Jerry.
Otis cocks the pistol.
Baby STABS Mary again and again and again.
Otis shoves Denise into the coffin with Jerry and locks the lid shut.
Once the coffin is inside Otis slams the door shut.
Enter Hell.
Another smashes through the top of the lid.
He lets out a quick scream before disappearing into the darkness.
He climbs inside the car, puts on Wydell's policeman's hat and starts the engine.
Suddenly...  SMASH!
Denise screams and begins kicking violently at the ghoul.
Tiny throws the torch onto the stake.
The metal door shuts.
The jack-o'-lanterns still burn in the windows, grinning their evil grin.. Aerial over the city, flying down into a FEDERALE CAR tearing through the slums.
Machete FLOORS it directly through the DEAD CARS and right through the FRONT WALL of the fleapit.
Machete kicks open a door.
The fucked-up patrolcar blocks the way out, for now.
Through Machete's blurred vision we see Torrez and other officers lighting rags dipped in bottles of tequila and throwing them into the corners of the room.
Naked Man cold-cocks Sis.
She strips off the robe, giving him an eyeful.
Sis shuts the door.
Machete stops.
Brawny gets in several good punches, knocking Machete about, but Machete comes from behind to lay him out.
He stops at a machete.
The elevator doors shut.
He preps for the kill.
Benz grabs McLaughlin and funnels him into a waiting limousine.
His foot goes like iron to the floor, gunning the engine.
Doc stabs the Orange one into Machete's arm.
He stabs his own leg with it.
Felix stabs the Black into Machete's leg.
The GUARD KICKS the door in.
He shuts the door.
It EXPLODES him through the door.
Luz scoops the boiling goop onto his wounds.
Sis rides on, not giving a shit.
Druglord stops in mid-fuck.
MACHETE STABS the man THROUGH the GLASS booth.
Back door of the hearse SLAMS shut on the girls passed out cold.
Elektra stops the car.
She jumps out, pissed.
He sucks the mixture up with a TURKEY BASTER.
SNIPER and his henchmen open fire with their MACHINE GUNS.
She grabs a gun and shoots back through the windows.
Exploding candles as bullets rip through the church.
Booth smashes down a door.
Bloody Padre screams.
She tears her clothes off, jumps on him and fucks his brains out.
She's an animal, screeches and yells in Machete grabs the gun off the night table, just as the HIT SQUAD gets there.
They grab guns and run out.
Machete and Elektra open fire with machine guns and speed off in a Volkswagon bug.
Pancho barks; BITES Luz on the ASS and pulls her out of the Taco Truck seconds before it explodes.
He's throwing knives into the open sunroof.
He kicks her out of the car and speeds towards the Armory.
Elektra hears it, but thinks it's Sis fucking.
She has a MACHETE GUN that shoots out Machete blades like a Machine gun.
He is STABBED in the CALF by Pancho!
While the battle between chopshoppers and militia rages on-- TORREZ appears with ELEKTRA-- Machete stops, turns to see Elektra, bound and gagged in Torrez's control.
Suede-head punches the books straight into his face.
Suede-head punches him repeatedly until he hears VOICES approaching.
Frustrated, he goes down the stairs....  Danny and the other skins walking down the middle of the street, drinking beer, oblivious to traffic.
A CRASH, BREAKING GLASS, a screech of BRAKES, CAR DOORS open and shut...
Danny sighs: why bother.
He curses, stubs it out, grabs the phone.
A beat.
GUN: pulled from Danny's pants, slammed down on the table... Guy sits back abruptly.
Danny hangs up the phone, glances into a room where we dimly glimpse Nazis taking drugs, drinking beer, screaming...  Then incomprehensible shrieking rage, a fight, breaking glass... Danny sighs, bored.
Billings is muttering, "What a load of crap... " The Hate Counselor looks over sharply.
He throws it at her, but it only goes a couple of feet.
A KNOCK at the door.
They knock the aitz off the bema, it rolls out, exposing ten feet of Torah.
He slams the closet door, it bounces open.
A KNOCK at the door.
Murmurs of "Yeah.
Chaos.
Danny is shaken....  Murmurs of confusion, outrage... "God??!!!" Danny notices the TALLIS crawling out from under his shirt, stuffs it back in.
People are throwing things, shouting.
He reaches a decision, throws the tape recorder into the water, turns and walks away....  Danny stops just inside the door.
The sergeant screams....  Danny bites through the Nazi's jugular as bullets rip into him.
He hates them.
He cocks the gun against the little girl's head.
Yukon SUV pulls into the drive and stops.
The doors shut and the car ascends.
If Lisa knows she's being fucked with, she doesn't show it.
Derek looks a little annoyed.
They knock open a stall door and fall in.
The Drunk begins to piss.
Loudly.
When there's no reply, the Drunk resumes pissing.
The Drunk continues his piss.
Derek lies there, in Hell.
The passenger door bangs shut.
TEMPGIRL has replied with one of those annoying YELLOW SMILEY FACES.
Derek slams the door.
Derek gets off on his floor and heads to his room.
Derek grabs the bedside phone and punches Desk.
A beat.
At a loss.
Derek's upset.
Resigned, he makes his way over to-- He grabs a pillow.
Punches it twice.
A key in the lock.
Beth punches back in, grabs the purse from inside and closes the front door again behind her.
She's beyond pissed.
Beth slaps and punches Lisa.
claw and punch at each other.
BUSTER GREENE, dressed up in his top hat and cutaway coat, walks onto the mound and hushes the crowd.
He puts on the goggles, grabs a hammer and some nails and starts nailing the door shut.
From inside the room, they hear the sound of loud hammering, wood splintering and glass breaking.
Phil stops outside the door to listen.
Phil stops on the steps, puts on his coat and gloves and again joins the traffic heading toward Gobbler's Knob.
Phil is lying on the table, getting elaborately tattooed.
A beer bottle smashes against the door.
Phil looks directly at the groundhog with hate and scheming madness.
Rita and Larry videotape the incident, aghast at Phil's insane attack.
She marches straight over to him, furious.
Phil looks at the groundhog on the seat next to him, then punches the gas as he turns up a mountain drive.
Phil wakes up and smashes the radio.
A hat is lying on Phil's bed.
There ' s a knock on the door .
She is mad in a playful way.
The OLD BUM that Phil never noticed before is lying there, huddled against a wall.
Doris throws herself on Fred and jumps up and down.
Doris throws herself on Phil.
Ryan furrows - What the hell is going on here?
Immediately, the AIRPORT CLERK registers and perks up.
Ryan mouths a silent "fuck".
That place is a shit hole.
She sets a pair of car keys with a MAESTRO TAG on the table.
Everything is scattered from a marathon Fuck.
Ding! - Ryan gets off at his floor.
A beat.
Natalie is working on an Excel Document on her laptop - She's a loud tapper...  Hitting the keys with violent strokes.
This woman fucking rocks.
Dry red eyes from tears of rage stare down the lens.
Ryan immediately covers.
Bob looks up shocked and pissed.
Ryan and Natalie sit stoically as a YOUNG ASIAN GUY rants about why they are idiots to fire him.
The young asian guy snaps up one of the PACKETS and leaves, slamming the door behind himself.
She's freaked out.
Did it bother you?
Ryan steams.
This is Julie's husband-to-be and we can tell immediately that Ryan isn't thrilled.
A beat.
Fuck.
A beat.
She gets down on the floor and shakes him.
Looking irritated and removed from the rest of the group, the KID shoves his hands in the pockets of his shearling coat.
Frustrated, the kid throws his pillowcase down.
Yet, he can't stop ranting.
He sheepishly grabs his throat.
Harvey stops in his tracks and stares at them, jealous of their ability to speak.
They scream, yell and laugh with abandon.
Mr. Boats stops and yells down the hall at Harvey.
Harvey throws them down in frustration.
A crowd of HOSPITAL WORKERS, PATIENTS, DOCTORS, MAINTENANCE WORKERS, etc. (under ten total.)
He mutters to himself.
He steals another fry.
A brightly lit marquee reads, "REVENGE OF THE NERDS."
Slouched, grumpy and alone on the back seat, Harvey's still annoyed by the movie.
Joyce throws down the records in frustration.
Joyce just lies listlessly on an open futon on the middle of the room; it looks as if she hasn't been up in days.
A frustrated Harvey tries once more to cheer her up.
Joyce hits a nerve.
Frustrated, Harvey crumbles the idea and throws it on the floor.
Now he punches the door.
She slaps him.
She gets down on the floor and shakes him.
He interrupts them.
TEASING SHOTS: SAURON forging the ONE RING in the CHAMBERS of IMAGE: The ONE RING reflecting FIERY LAVA!   FIRE WRITING emerges on the plain BAND OF GOLD.
FADE UP: ISILDUR, son of the KING OF GONDOR, leads an ARMY ACROSS the PLAINS OF DAGORLAD...  commands rank after rank of ELVEN ARCHERS...ORCS RETREATING before the ARMY of the LAST ALLIANCE... ELENDIL holds aloft the great sword....NARSIL!
With desperate courage, ELENDIL leads a charge... THE BLACK MACE OF SAURON LASHES OUT!! IMAGE: ELENDIL'S body falls like a crumpled rag doll... IMAGE: ISILDUR cradles the body of his father in his arms.
IMAGE: THE GLOOM of a MOUNTAIN CAVERN..a MURKY POOL of WATER... in the DARKNESS the SHADOWY OUTLINE of an EMACIATED FADE UP: Bathed in COLD MOONLIGHT, the WORLD lies DARK and STILL...the unsettled quiet before the storm...  SLOW MOTION: unseen by its KEEPER..THE RING falls to the MUDDY FLOOR of a MOUNTAIN TUNNEL...  IMAGE: FUMBLING in the dark, a SMALL HAND closes over the A YOUNGISH LOOKING BILBO BAGGINS peers down at what lies in his hand...PERPLEXED by what he has found.
Bilbo hangs up Gandalf's hat on a peg and trots off down the hall.
The fireworks dragon turns a somersault and explodes over the hills with a deafening bang!
The jagged ruins of" BARAD-DUR.
lies between them on the table.
Gandalf backs away and turns to run to the door... horrified as the doors suddenly slam shut.
Gandalf is flung to the floor.
A large pitchfork can be seen racing towards them along the Hedgerow... angry shouts from Farmer Maggot.
In unison, the RINGWRAITS STAB THE HOBBITS, in a Slashing, hacking frenzy.
The RINGWRAITHS SHRIEK WITH RAGE!! INSERTS: Sam sits up with a start!
More Shrieks of rage.
Strider stops before a distant hill, topped by an Ancient Ruin.
He stabs at Frodo with a wicked dagger!
Frodo winces as an angry image of the fiery eye hits him!
A LIGHTNING CRACK explodes on the mountainside above them.
Ahead of them, a wooden door has been smashed.
Aragorn and Boromir slam and wedge the doors.
The Door bursts open in a shower of wood fragments, and 20 Goblins charge into the tomb, followed by a huge cave troll!
Gimli ducks a blow and immediately buries his Axes in 2 Goblin helmets.
The Troll Spear did not pierce the mithril."
The Shire is in ruins!
Frodo moves his gaze towards the east... fire explodes against the smoke, as a huge mass of black battlements fills Frodo's vision.
With a huge effort, Frodo wrenches the ring off his finger...  Frodo lies gasping on the summit of Amon Hen...below the ancient ruins of the seeing seat.
Viktor grasps the air nozzle on a tire and begins desperately stabbing at it with a ballpoint pen.
A.)  A line of AUDIENCE MEMBERS stretches outside the rundown B.)  THE FRONT PAGE OF "VARIETY" coming off the presses reads, C.)  A TEENAGE BOY in a public library logs on to the first D.)  Trendy TEENAGE GIRLS saunter past a swimming pool in E.)  In a Third World back-alley a YOUNG ASIAN MAN shows an F.)  A LIQUOR STORE CUSTOMER watches a TV behind the counter G.)  The ENTERTAINMENT REPORTER now stands outside a VIKTOR, watching "SCENE" on a TV in the back of a limousine, corrects the reporter.
Behind his back, Viktor surreptitiously presses a button on his cell phone.
Viktor hits STOP and Simone freezes.
The car door slams shut as the pack descends.
MAX SAYER and MILTON are amongst the frustrated reporters.
The crowd screams with excitement.
Am expectancy in the crowd -- people crane their necks, waiting for someone else to step out of the open car door...  but nothing.
The door shuts.
Viktor is left alone with the drunk woman.
VIKTOR runs towards the door, throwing himself between the door and the executives.
Viktor and Elaine are left alone.
Viktor is relieved that Max is only accusing him of faking the background.
Nicola immediately breaks character.
He shuts the lid and begins dragging the trunk towards the door.
VIKTOR, fuming throughout this, suddenly explodes.
top.location.href=location.href
JOE BUCK grins at the wall as he scrapes garbage.
The Lady Commentator is replaced by Joe, stacking dishes, surrounded by frustrated ladies.
Joe's pen wavers, starts to write and stops.
O'Daniel rises suddenly in a fury of self-righteousness, pacing, his voice simpering, whining sarcastically.
O.S. women scream.
Gun fire O.S....
Joe intervenes just long enough for Ratso to escape, then ambles on, leaving the Greengrocer in frustrated fury.
Joe lies on his cot, watching Ratso struggle to penetrate the fibrous husk of a coconut, experimenting with a variety of rusty tools in an old cigar box.
The coconut bounces on the floor.
Joe sets the coconut on the floor, holding it with both hands while he tries to smash it with the heel of his boot.
They loiter till a young couple has disappeared, then Joe kicks loose 'the padlock on the equipment drawer, mounts one of the chairs and Ratso goes to work on his boots with furious expertise, flourishing double brushes, snapping the rag like a jazz drummer.
Ratso quickly drops a rag over the broken padlock, cursing under his breath as he starts working on all three customers at the same time.
Joe touches his hat to two nuns, guiltily hurrying to overtake Ratso at ibis father's grave, indistinguishable from the other graves except for the name on the headstone.
Joe pulls out his shirttail, grabs Ratso by the neck and rubs his head dry.
Joe's face is puzzled then angry as Towny takes a Saint Christopher medal from his sack and hands it to Joe.
Joe's voice is angry.
Joe shakes his head, scowling, annoyed, but continues, lifting Ratso enough to slide the pants around his waist.
The Driver touches Ratso, straightens, touches his hat, but doesn't remove it.
Oh, damn!
You've got rollers in your damn hair.
Sports announcements on A grand slam for Martinez to make it a five-run inning and blow this game to pieces.
I'll be darned.
It's straight from the stinking flames of hell.
Expel him.
What's wrong?
One chop to guy's neck.
I'll be darned.
Hey, be a pal and yell when Peg pulls in, huh?
Because my father keeps the damn room locked, and we need Edward to get us in.
I blame myself.
I lied, too.
Get the hell out of here.
Get the hell out!
Freak!
Are you nuts?
Mike, what the fuck?
wrong?
Kyle shuts the door.
Mike gets sucked in.
Then a door opens and shut.
Beat.
Yeah! Holy shit!
He throws off his head gear and gets up.
Stemler is immediately taken down.
Stemler is flat on his belly and he's getting mauled.
The team goes nuts.
The team goes nuts.
So much for beating the crap out of her.
Mike slaps him.
He shuts his door and crosses to her.
This stops Mike in his tracks.
Terry screams.
It's a primal scream.
She screams.
Ow! Oh shit.
Shut up, Terry!
Ow! Shit! Ouch!
He's getting killed.
Terry immediately puts up his hands.
Casanova, dressed in the suit, walks down the central aisle of the lock-up...
around his neck...  Bierce, horrified, picks up the telephone... as Casanova and Anabel get in the car.
He is MISTER FURIOUS.
Furious growls.
Furious growls at them.
Furious growls.
Furious, the Raja, and the Shoveler step out.
Furious kicks his engine started and speeds off into the night as the Shoveler opens the door of his battered Ford Esquire station wagon, and the Raja gets into his ancient Datsun.
A moment later the mansion, and the city's lights return to normal... as Furious watches, not sure what to make of this.
Traffic is snarled.
Tempers are frayed.
Furious growls.
Furious groans.
BACK ON FURIOUS, RAJA, and SHOVELER - the wall of the estate...  as our heroes' three heads rise up over it... and survey the grounds.
Furious sees a pair of French doors, off a small patio.
Only Furious holds his own.
Finally he lassos the chain around Furious' neck, and pulls it tight, strangling him.
ON THE DISCO BOYS, watching, snapping their fingers with admiration...  Casanova releases Furious, who slumps to the ground.
The Disco Boys drag our heroes through the gate and throw them like bags of garbage into the street...  where thay lie in a moaning, agonized, semi-conscious heap.
Furious is writing a mssage on a napkin with a ballpoint pen.
Furious, Raja, and the Shoveler react; they can't believe they've actually invited this guy to join their group.
Want to fight evil?
Mr. Furious tapes the note to the cracked glass of a vandalized phone booth...
Everyone immediately perks up.
Their leader holds a squeegee with a long handle...  Furious is suspicious.
ON FURIOUS, watching, starting to get pissed off.
Furious, fed up, confronts Squeegee Man.
It shoots straight through Invisible Boy's legs... as the ball smashes into then, pulverizing them...
MUSIC UP as Furious stands and starts out.
As the limo stops at a traffic light...  and the Esquire pulls up alongside it.
The villains laugh, and Mister Furious EXPLODES INTO RAGE.
He starts punching the limo like it's a punching bag--putting big dents in it.
Mr. Furious sits alone in the corner, brooding, lost in his own angry thoughts..
Furious sulks, but the others get the point.
Furious grunts.
Furious sulks again, feeling that the others are turning against him.
They're wasting their time.
Furious groans, and the others share a look.
Furious turns and goes out, and the others start to follow.
as Furious walks away, the Bowler steps out of the barn.
Furious stops, turns back.
He catches it--just as a small angry tornado FUNNELS out of the can.
It catches Furious and lifts him high in the air...  then dissipates to nothing...
Furious gets to his feet, unhurt, but really pissed off.
but Furious steps out into the yard, looking for a suitable target...
There is a loud WHOOOOMPH of compressed air, and the huge recoil of the cannon instantly flings Furious back against the wall of the barn.
Furious gets up, dusts himself off, and moves to Doc Heller.
The others ignore Furious and listen to the Sphinx.
The others nod in agreemnt...  while Furious fumes.
HE fires, and the recoil jolts them all violently, but it doesn't knock them over...  as half a dozen scarecrows are blown to pieces... Our heroes chieer and shake their fists...  while Mr. Furious sits alone on the sidelines, drinking bourbon, and feeling very alienated.
VARIOUS SHOTS as our heroes learn to fight as a team...  crawling across the grass together....charginq in a line...  hurling canned tornadoes... while Furious sits it out, brooding, drinking, and getting very jealous of the Sphinx.
ANGLE ON THE MIDDAY SON - blazing down on the car...  as Little Furious still plays with his superheroes, but the interior is starting to bake, and the sweat begins to pour ofr him.
She unlocks the door, throws it open, and sees something that makes her pull back in horror...  Little Furious sits in the backseat.
His hair sticks out wildly, his face has become that now familiar mask of prisordial rage.
Furious walks Monica home.
Furious, silent.
But Furious has anticipated them.
The Disco BQys stop firing...  Furious drags Casanova back into an empty lot, using him as a shield.
Furious releases Casanova, then runs for it and leaps over the wooden wall at the end of the lot...  as the Disco Boys open fire again, and their bullets punch holes through the wall... Furious runs down a back street and escapes into the night.
The guards gag and choke violently in the fumes as our heroes turn and run for it...  escaping out the gates.
Raja, Shoveler, and Furious gaze at it.
Furious, Raja, and Shoveler (in street clothes.)
She stops, turns to him, while our heroes listen in, only a few feet away...  CLOSE ON FURIOUS, getting jealous.
Furious growls.
Mister Furious is fuming.
Furious has spotted...  a large covered dessert table, waiting to be wheeled into the hall.
goes COMPLETELY BERSERK... CAMERA PANS the tables as the guests laugh dementedly, punching, gouging, strangling, and stabbing each other...
HEROIC MUSIC as...  THE FRONT GRILL of the Herkimer Battle Jitney... as Mister Furious hooks it up to the "Sally's Auto Demolition" tow truck...
A moment later he drives the tow truck, towing the off the lot, as Sally steps out of her office, pissed off... ON THE SPHINX, standing as immobile and silent as a statue...  as a falling leaf slowly flutters down in front of him...
Mister Furious SLUGS the engine with his fist, and it sputters and backfires into life...  shaking, rattling, leaking, exploding, but running... Furious kisses the Herkimer...  as the Bowler calls out to him from the barn.
Disco Boys and security guards go about their business all around her. Furious silent, taken aback by her courage.
Furious stands by the Herkimer, phone still in hand.
Spleen holds up Furious' favorite sunglasses.
The others groan with frustration.
A CD jacket tells us that "Kenny G." is playing...  ON FURIOUS, a pair of headphones on his head.
Furious groans and writhes...
He laughs dementedly as Monica pops open the can and A SWIRLING FUNNEL OF AIR SHOOTS OUT OF IT and ENGULFS Casanova, throwing him across the room...  Monica grabs the handset of a cordless phone and runs out the door.
ON FURIOUS AND THE OTHERS in the back.
The Sphinxs puts on his mask...  the Bowler unzips her bag...Doc Heller cocks his air cannon...  Spleen and Invisible Boy load a bag with canned tornadoes...
While Mister Furious watches anxiously.
But suddenly something under the hood blows up; the engine gives a long groan, and the Herkimer rolls to a dead stop...  Right in the middle, in the most exposed position of the main hall.
But suddenly, a withering barrage of machine gun fire is being laid down on them by three guards firing tommy guns from a balcony overlooking the floor.
FURIOUS as he sees...  the bag of canned tornadoes.
Bullets dancing all around him, Furious runs a desperate (but impressive.)
Furious is about to run through, but Doc Heller holds him back.
Casanova, hand held tightly across Monica's mouth, shouts down tauntingly to Furious.
as he hears Casanova's evil laugh and Monica's scream.
Mr. Furious' hands clench into fists--his hair stands up-- and his face turns into a mask of primordial rage.
Be's MAD!
Only his incredible rage keeps his fingertips taut.
Furious grabs hold of it, and throws a grateful look down to the Raja...  Who salaams up at him...
Casanova turns and sees...  Furious, standing on the balcony.
Furious lunges at Casanova--who gets off a shot before Furious grabs the gun out of his hand.
While Casanova dances around Furious like a cat... Furious, fighting the pain of his bullet wound, lunges at him, and Casanova neatly sidesteps him...
The crooks and Disco Boys fall back, gasping, choking in the noxious fumes...
As Casanova attacks...  Advancing shoulder to shoulder, fighting as a team, our heroes wield machete, fork, shovel, bowling ball, and canned tornado... forcing the villains back...  Casanova comes at Furious relentlessly, kicking and spinning...  and Furious gets the worst of it.
He lets them have it, blasting them with a DENSE When the spray clears, the D Boys lie squirming on the floor, prisoners in their now child sized disco suits...  Upstairs, Casanova pummels Furious... While, downstairs, the Shoveler dispatches the Elvis Brothers with some nifty shovel work...
Upstairs, Furious goes flying against a wall...
going straight for Tony P's SCREAMING head...  ON THE BOWLER, watching--as Tony's scream is cut short by a gruesose thud.
Back upstairs Casanova cornmes at Furious again...  but Furious ducks the kick, pops back up and smashes Casanova with his good arm... sending him flying across the room...  Casanova recovers.
The villains start shooting and stabbing each other.
The Customers at the Lakeside Diner go insane, hurling plates and food...
At the Shoveler's house the kids turn psycho in front of the television... as the sounds of screaming and smashing dishes and furniture can be heard coming from all the houses...  as a din of collective insanity rises up from the city... in full psychotic ecstasy...  ON MONICA, still motionless on the bed... Casanova and Furious collide in the center of the room and grapple in a contest of psychotically enhanced superhuman strength...  Casanova gets his hands around Furious's throat and crushes it... Furious drops to his knees, and Casanova thinks he's got him.
But Furious, grimacing with rage, looks him right in the eye.
Furious grabs Casanova's wrists...  and crushes them.
Furious slugs him, again and again...  then he grabs Casanova by the belt, swings him around, and HURLS him into the air... Casanova CRASHES into the huge crystal chandelier--there is an explosion of crystal and glass.
Casanova kicks and flails...  as he is hanged by the neck on his own gold chain... Furious moves to the wolf sculpture.
Be PLUNGES HIS HAND through its bronze casing, and RIPS OUT the heart of the Psychostridulator, a flashing football sized device that gives off an unamplifjed, but higher pitched and more irritating sound...  Furious HURLS the device hard against the floor, and it smashes into a thousand pieces...
And at the Shoveler's house... Furious moves to the bed, where Monica lies motionless and pale...
They are superheroes, and they don't give a damn who knows it.
sits close to a bandaged Mister Furious.
As Monica watches them leave, a PATRON asks her: HEROIC GROUP SHOT as the Mystery Men merch down the middle of street, toward the sound of the gunfire...  and into the night.. KNOCKING at a door and distant dog BARKING.
Then -- Jack SLAMS his cellphone shut, momentarily blinded with rage.
Her eyebrows are painted and cock-eyed.
Still in her pantsuit and smeared makeup, Phyllis lies sprawled and snoring on the sofa.
CHRIS BURROUGHS, a POURER in a cowboy hat and ponytail, comes over.
Miles brings the Saab to a stop, and the guys get out.
She notices the boring couple, visibly annoyed that she has been monopolized.
He tries the MEN'S ROOM door but it's locked.
Jack knocks twice on the SCREEN DOOR before going in.
He SNAPS the phone shut and puts it back.
Miles DRIVES ball after ball, unsuccessfully trying to release his frustration.
The car has struck something with a hideous sound followed immediately by the receding "ARF-ARF-ARF-ARF" of an injured DOG in the Saab's wake.
Miles quickly shuts the door.
He snaps his phone shut and turns to Miles.
When they get close, Stephanie's face transforms with rage.
He hears a strange CLOMPING NOISE and turns his head to see a MAN IN WOODEN CLOGS walking noisily down the street, dressed in a TRADITIONAL DANISH COSTUME and carrying a TUBA.
A KNOCK at the door.
Blurred faces, bodies, suits, hats, attache cases float into view pressed like sardines against the sides of a door which now open, releasing an outward velocity of anger and greed, one of them BUD FOX.
Steam rises from a grating, shapes merging into the crowd.
As he opens a birthday card and feeds it into the SHREDDER that sits next to his desk over the waste basket.
Bud comes in, distracted, punches into his quatron.
Marvin gives Lynch the Italian salute, behind his back.
Gekko punches into the keyboard of the computer.
The car stopping in traffic.
A richly dressed EXECUTIVE stands at the curb next to the BUM with a shopping cart filled with garbage.
He shuts the door.
Kate, upset with the noise, tries to pull her son nicely out of the car.
Handing the bawling, writhing mass of anger to Nicole as if it were laundry she doesn't want to touch...  Nicole takes him screaming out of the room... Gordon trying to concentrate on the TV.
Bud's P.O.V. as he pulls up to an austere, ultra- sophisticated monolith of glass and wood dominating a stretch of dune overlooking the Atlantic's angry surf.
The "mate" is tough and to the point but not insulting...  Bud watching this drama unfold.
Gekko stops at the door, a beat.
Sees the list of people, moves to the computer, punches the client's name in.
Cromwell is pissed.
Marvin abruptly walks out, "asshole!".
The clerk swivels his chair to a second computer and punches up data.
He ignores her and throws open Gekko's door.
Bud steps across to her in a rage.
He slams the phone down.
O.S. Rudy yelling and squealing.
He smashes the glass cocktail table with a massive paperweight as Kate hears it, shocked.
Without warning, he grabs Buddy roughly by the lapels and lets out his inner rage with a series of smacks and slaps across his face.
Will you shut up a minute?
PUSH IN ON HIM -- As they head to the doors: Shut up.
The Detective pulls out his GUN -- but the Zombie grabs his wrist -- they wrestle with the gun -- the Zombie wanting to rip into Hathaway's neck -- but Hathaway sees three SHARP-TIPPED NAILS sticking out of an old piece of WOODEN CRATE -- and after a significant struggle, Hathaway PUSHES THE ZOMBIE BACK so his head is IMPALED BY THE NAILS -- which we see ENTER HIS SKULL!!!
The boys stand as the car STOPS beside them -- IT'S THE YELLOW BUICK DURING THE WAKE.
Looking away, she's pissed.
PUSH IN ON JOE, unsettled -- as the train CROSSES THEM NOW -- Joe looks back toward Alice -- a BLAST OF AIR, shockingly LOUD! Alice and Martin continue to yell their lines -- Charles is almost LAUGHING at how good this looks -- but Joe LOOKS DESPERATELY BACK toward the headlights -- the train LIGHTING And Joe finally swings the mike down and YELLS: GUYS, WATCH OUT!!! Joe what the hell are y--?! -- just then BA-BA-BA-BAM!!! THE TRAIN ENGINE, HUNDREDS OF PLATFORM, LANDING SIDEWAYS, STILL FILMING as the CRASH WAVE They run off.
We see Joe TIGHTLY GRIPPING HIS NECKLACE LOCKET IN HIS HAND -- THEN: CRASH! -- AWFUL-LOUD -- and a TWISTED TEN-FOOT SQUARE -- Joe covers his head as the metal STABS THE GROUND, twenty feet away: a TRAIN SLIDING DOOR.
... shit...  Joe moves closer to the blood -- heartsick -- on the verge of DEEP, REAL TEARS -- everything stops -- but then: Joe WHIPS AROUND -- standing in the dusty mess is ALICE -- shaken, but absolutely alive.
As the FLASHLIGHT MEN APPROACH, Joe runs and gets in the front seat, the other boys in back -- Alice SLAMS the car into REVERSE, SCREECH-BACKS UP, narrowly avoids debris, then RIDES OFF -- the FLASHLIGHT MEN arrive -- SOLDIERS -- their adrenaline pumping.
Overlapping mayhem, but Charles obsesses over his camera: Holy shit, that was insane!
Joe watches Louis get out of the car -- the man who got arrested at his mother's wake -- carrying a small grocery bag.
Off his smile, we HEAR LOUD POPS: BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Martin -- as Detective Hathaway -- FIRES A GUN -- shooting CARY, dressed in a dirty suit, as a man TURNING INTO A ZOMBIE -- his eyes WIDE AND GLOSSY WHITE -- and as he is HIT BY THE BULLETS, he SLAMS HIS HAND ONTO HIS CHEST -- BLOOD BURSTS ALL OVER HIM and he FALLS PAINFULLY TO THE GROUND.
PRUITT SCREAMS, MUFFLED, as the CAR SLAMS back to the pavement -- LIGHTS FLICKER -- Gas PUMPING onto the asphalt, SCREAMS OF PRUITT, horrible, PRUITT'S SCREAMS END as Breen OPENS HIS EYES AND RIPS off the headphones: the hell was that?
His heart pounds as he starts for the building -- but SLIPS ON THE GAS -- falls hard -- looks up -- sees whatever's coming for him -- SCREAMS as he gets to his feet and RUNS LIKE A MOTHERFUCKER -- Breen RUSHES INSIDE -- we're WITH HIM as behind him: KKKRASH!!!!
An EXPLOSION OF GLASS AND JUNK FOOD and -- WE LOOK DOWN UPON THE STATION FROM UP HIGH -- where the turning, lit KELVIN SIGN BLOCKS OUR VIEW FOR THE MOMENT -- we can only HEAR THE HORROR happening inside the station until FINALLY the sign REVEALS THE STATION -- everything inside looks like it's in a BLENDER -- THERE'S A SUPER-HUMAN UPHEAVAL HAPPENING IN THERE -- and Breen's SCREAMS CONTINUE as the turning Kelvin sign BLOCKS OUR VIEW AGAIN -- as the A FACE.
Jack checks out the broken BLUE AND RED PLASTIC as he makes a walkie call: Angry IZZY, 65, OPENS A NEW CAR HOOD: PIECES OF THE ENGINE RIPPED AWAY, MESSY -- DOLLY WITH HIM, Jack follows: Izzy opens ANOTHER CAR HOOD: PIECES MISSING.
As Jack heads back to his car, THREE RESIDENTS move to him, walk with him, AD LIB: -- Some strange shit has been -- d'you call the station going on.
But is disturbed.
Then, in the distance, at the middle of the salvage yard, SOMETHING FLIES INTO THE AIR, Rooney strains his eyes to see -- what the hell was that?
Then, thrown into the air: A CAR TIRE.
Two-hundred frustrated CITIZENS crowd the auditorium.
MCCANDLESS speaks: The Mayor takes over as Jack has a SIDEBAR MEETING with Mr. -- it was like having my -- that must be very annoying- radio hi-jacked-- - you don't know the -- sure I do: 13201 to 13710, (pulls out paper, pen.)
Joe quickly moves a pile of papers and books from the desk to the floor; NOTEBOOKS AND SCHOOL WORK spill out and we get a GLIMPSE of some "B-MINUSES" and other "C-PLUSES" in RED.
Tally puts a MAP on his desk -- 28 DOTS in a CIRCLE, anywhere from a 20 to 150 MILE RADIUS, WITH LILLIAN AT THE CENTER.
Behind them, a WINDOW, showing the street, where Jack insists Joe get into the car.
Then he looks over at his friends -- Charles giving him a "WHAT THE FUCK?!" Look.
More upset at himself than Joe, he heads out.
Another KNOCK.
He adjusts himself -- painfully -- then looks into the CRACKED-GLASS REAR VIEW Alive is still looking back at the car -- SO SHE DOESN'T SEE THE SHAPE THAT IS COMING BEHIND HER -- and just as she decides: I'M NOT GOING BACK, she turns to begin riding on -- Louis tries to get out of the car -- but it's painful -- and his door is JAMMED SHUT -- he goes for the passenger door -- -- when Louis finally gets out -- he runs from his car -- stumbling drunk and bleeding -- SCREAMING, SHREDDING HIS But all that's there is her bike -- and before he can even get that far, Louis FALLS HARD onto the pavement, crying, a drunken, horrified, shocked, battered MESS.
In the distance, THE THREATENING FIRE As Joe and Charles ride their bikes up to his house: Frustrated beyond belief, Charles goes inside.
Mr. Harkin POINTS -- Joe turns to look -- we PAN: THE DISTANT VARIOUS SHOTS of MILITARY busses STOPPING -- SOLDIERS ORDERING AND ASSISTING PEOPLE ONTO VEHICLES -- carrying all the belongings they can.
That thing took her--?! -- are you shitting me?
Jack, up all night and pissed off, but bored being pissed off, POUNDS ON THE DOOR: A beat.
He POUNDS again.
The FUEL TANK EXPLODES, A MASSIVE BLAST!
As Martin grabs the tire iron: Martin breaks off the LATCH -- BAM! Now we CUT TO DARKNESS -- we're INSIDE THE DUNGEON as it opens -- the boys look DIRECTLY AT US -- their faces say it all: THE MOTHER LODE.
KILL US!!! PLEASE DON'T KILL -- we've got civilians -- US!!! minors-- four of `em.
Staying hidden from the remaining military, Donny scrambles for his CB, turns to CHANNEL 9, grabs the mike, speaks quietly, frantic: Jack moves fast through the crowded evac area -- Jack moves to Officer Rosko, who reacts to seeing him dressed this way -- Off Jack's REACTION -- Preston reads ISAAC ASIMOV'S SCIENCE FICTION MAGAZINE -- suddenly Jack is there, grabs him and pulls him up: The TRANSPORT BUS speeds on the road, the only vehicle here.
SMASH!
Nelec turns -- the creature is BUSTING the bus door -- SMASHING AT IT -- to make it BIGGER.
The creature KILLS HIM INSTANTLY and SMASH as again it tries to WIDEN the door.
He makes a CALL on his walkie: -- and he drops the walkie and FIRES AGAIN -- the LOUD GUNFIRE BARELY AUDIBLE behind the glass with the boys as Joe hits the glass again -- BAM -- a CRINKLING of glass -- Joe hits again -- so does the creature -- as Nelec RUNS OUT OF AMMO.
Joe in the lead - they turn and look back -- a massive shot of the neighborhood under fire -- houses getting BLOWN TO SHIT in collateral damage.
Charles-- that's not yours-- -- what?! I'm thirsty and I'm Another fucking LOUD BLAST -- sound of GLASS BREAKING -- and the creature ROARING -- And there it is, in silhouette, moving past the bay window -- Joe realizes: where the creature is, so are the blasts: Joe runs -- the others follow -- But as they get to the living room a HUGE EXPLOSION BLOWS OUT A WALL!
Again and again, until finally the door KICKS OPEN -- and they almost FALL INSIDE -- and thank goodness they didn't -- because -- and now we're looking STRAIGHT DOWN FROM INSIDE THE SHED -- the entire floor of the shed has been DUG OUT -- DROPPING FORTY FEET STRAIGHT DOWN, dirt PILED, caked along the sides of the structure.
A beat.
After RUNNING HARD for a beat: They haul ass, but after a long moment TINA IS GRABBED AWAY INTO THE DARKNESS!!! HER SCREAMS CONTINUE behind them -- They run and run and run, but then BOOM: they hit a DEAD END.
JOE IS Then, over the HIGH-PITCHED MECHANICAL SOUND comes RUMBLINGS - - like THUNDER from above -- and the three LOOK UP -- The kids round a corner -- ON MAIN STREET, COUNTLESS METALLIC OBJECTS -- ANYTHING METAL AND LOOSE -- has been INVISIBLY DRAGGED -- FLOATING -- toward the WATER TOWER -- at different speeds and with different personalities, metal objects BULLET Suddenly, THE DINER WINDOW SHATTERS as a STOVE RIPS THROUGH IT -- we PAN WITH IT as it TUMBLES TOWARD AND UP THE WATER TOWER!
The glasses explode in a puff of smoke.
Not exactly in the mood to move: She stiffens - he knows too damn much.
She immediately switches her efforts from top left to the bottom right compartment.
Ethan immediately stops.
The phone immediately rings again.
Furious she wrenches open the car door and gets out.
Ethan punches in on WILLIAM A. BAIRD.
EXPLOSIVES: Precision detonation, diffusion.
Ethan punches: Nyah emerges from the entrance to the jail.
Luther looks down to see that he is standing in a pile of sheep-shit.
Luther punches in.
If he'd been welded there by a band of steal he'd have more room to maneuver.
'34 hours, 25 minutes after exposure.'
Ethan enters and tears off his mask, revealing Ambrose filled with implacable rage.
Troubled: The two guards who had greeted Stamp and his arriving team lie inert on the lobby floor.
explodes.
They immediately open fire, shattering the room's walls and the glass injection gun chamber.
As the injection gun begins falling to the lab floor below, one of Ambrose's team runs to grab it, but before he can reach it he is shot by Ethan, who's falling to the floor below.
Ambrose, Wallis, and a couple of other Ambrose team members fire, kicking up broken glass.
Ambrose cocks his weapon.
Ambrose and team recover from the explosion and begin firing on the tanks protecting Ethan and Nyah, surrounding the two with fire and jets of released steam.
Ambrose slaps her.
Full of pain and rage, he gets out of the car.
Ambrose shuts the car door in Nyah's face, gets in Michael's car takes off.
waits for the right moment before raising his and firing at the can of explosives.
reacts and turns toward the explosion.
As everyone waits for the transfer to complete, the grenade explodes out in the tunnel.
A gunman appears from the tunnel entrance and opens fire, the bullets exploding into the wall around Ethan, who jumps out of the way to avoid them. is under fire as well, bullets spraying the windshield, driving Luther back inside and causing Billy to turn the chopper around.
He pulls out in front of it, immediately drawing fire.
Stop!' to Nyah.
Ethan kicks it out of his hand and connects with several punches, knocking Ambrose to the ground.
Ethan tosses the canister to Luther and then kicks his gun up out of the dirt and into the air.
The two men smack open the door and slam it shut after them.
Dropping the hat, he moves with the candle toward the door to the back, the only other room of the cabin.
He hates to do what he is doing and this makes him gruff and curt, to hide his misgivings.
Muley stands in anger.
The TRACTOR stops.
TOM, CASY AND MULEY lie flat, listening to the sound of the car going away.
The Joads watch the car, their heads turning, their eyes following, expressionless.
The old man is miserable and frightened and angry, too old to understand or accept such a violent change in his life.
Rosasharn lies flat on her back, hands clasped under her head, looking up at the stars.
The door slams.
Granma's eyes are shut.
AT THE GROUP OF MEN: The agent, wearing a flat-brimmed Stetson and with his pockets filled with pencils and dog-eared booklets, looks down at the silent men.
There is a scream.
Rosasharn takes her post at the door as Ma kneels on the floor beside Tom, puts down the rag bundle, and gets a basin.
There is a geyser of steam.
What he has come to say has taken some effort and he is still uncertain and annoyed.
They stop behind a car.
Lionel steams by them in a black mood.
SLAP...  SLAP... SLAP.
SLAP...  SLAP.
He joins Mumford and Althea, who immediately gets up.
The handsome Newcomer of Follett's fantasy comes down the steps from the attic wearing a sleeveless undershirt, towel thrown over his shoulder.
She bangs her door behind her, but it bounces open again about a foot.
Mysteriously, the door to the girl's bedroom slams shut, cutting off the Newcomer's view.
Our view is smashed so deep into the muddy turf that again the IMAGE GOES BLACK, then quickly FADES UP AGAIN on -- TIGHT ON A CAN OF "IRON CITY" BEER in MUMFORD'S POV as he puts it on the roof of a green Nash Rambler and ducks into the back seat.
We PAN from the back of a garbage truck to a mess of garbage containers, and MOVE TOWARD THEM.
A COCAINE MILL is loaded with white chunks and screwed shut in MUMFORD'S POV; the steady grinding begins.
WHAT THEY SEE: The DRY CLEANING BOSS, a Middle-Eastern fellow, is standing at the back door of his place paying his Asian employees in cash as they leave.
EXTREME CLOSE-UP A LINE OF COCAINE on the top of a toilet tank as it is sucked out of sight.
She is very agitated.
Delbanco, immediately contrite, stands up.
Nessa give him an affectionate punch in the side, then blows smoke in his face.
Mumford reluctantly stops.
Sofie and Mumford are left alone.
Locking the door.
And Amelia...  Cocks her head.
They're shouting, teasing, YOU CAN'T KID US!
POUNDS on it.
A beat.
Slim goes, the door shuts quietly.
This fucking girl.
His face is red, angry.
Her MOTHER at the door.
She SMACKS his hand.
He goes to the door, LOCKS it.
Against a backdrop of flowerbeds, Amelia is flanked by four WOMEN with conservative hats and middle-aged gravitas.
He glowers at her.
She doesn't even hear, THROWING open the cockpit, WAVING to signal they're all right, we SMASH CUT TO... George wandering numbly on the airfield, as someone RUNS LIKE CRAZY from the office, shouting...  George alone on the tarmac.
Stops in his tracks.
Beat.
OIL MKT: You can turn $20 into $20,000 THIS REALLY WORKS U CAN DO IT: Maximize your selling ability nowwwww!!!  NY152 Brinkley Kathleen hits the "delete" key and the first three letters -- all of them junk-mail -- are deleted and drop offscreen.
She tears out of the kitchen and the door slams behind her.
A teddy bear in a pinafore is reading The Stupids Step Out.
Kathleen goes out the front door to: As the commercial garbage truck pulls up and TWO GARBAGEMEN start to load her trash.
He is struck dumb.
She's elaborately ignoring the man who stole her cab.
The show immediately cuts back to the newscaster.
She stops, frozen in place.
As he passes her table, he knocks the book and the flower onto the floor.
A beat.
Fuck it.
Kathleen's upset.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Kate comes through the door, picking up a small pile of mail off the floor.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Kate leans forward to help, as the businessman turns slightly irritated.
Susan stops and throws the bouquet behind her.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
At the wheel, ignoring impending disaster, BOBBY COOPER, young, good-looking, fiddles with the RADIO dial, annoyed only to find country stations.
Darrell mops his brow with a greasy rag.
He has trouble with it himself.
Jake punches him in the nose.
The woman starts to scream.
The woman screams wildly.
Bobby, frustrated, clicks off.
He clutches his bleeding hand, pissed.
He glances at his watch, eager to get to this "fucking hole in the wall" which is somewhere on this incomprehensible American map he holds in one hand.
But Grace is troubled and pulls out, further frustrating Bobby.
BOBBY walks through the desert parallel to the road, still in a rage.
Suddenly the blind man stands, pissed and powerful, sniffing the air with the police radio in it.
Bobby is in a rage.
Violently it explodes out of his hands as he doubles over in blinding pain from a KIDNEY PUNCH.
A primal rage wells inside of Bobby that rises up in a howl as he swings the soda bottle up out of nowhere across Toby's head, smashing him backwards.
He looks at Toby, then at his bloodied knuckles in disbelief.
JAKE yells to her from another room.
He hits her.
He raises his head and cocks an ear to the air.
GRACE'S eyes get real narrow and angry.
JAKE has come right up on BOBBY in a rage.
He pulls back the hammer on the gun and levels it at Bobby's head.
The gun FIRES once, discharging into the wall.
And stands, moving back towards the two men locked on the floor.
The action pulls Jake's head up, then she lets it thump back on the floor.
He falls to his knees, about to sob when: GRACE opens the front door and pokes her head out, putting out several suitcases.
Bobby has no time to react as the Sheriff is suddenly there at his window, jerking his door open, angry.
The Sheriff snaps and smashes Bobby with his flashlight, knocking him to the ground, kicking him again and again, gathering the psychic force to murder him.
Grace plunges into the pack, pulls the gun and shoots Virgil across the car in the gut.
She puts the next round in his nuts, a modern fury enacting ancient wrath.
As Bobby walks back to the front of the car, turns off the annoying radio.
He shakes his head, frustrated.
About to smash a plate on the floor, he's interrupted Tom freezes.
And failing.
Are you nuts?
Tom shuts the door on McKenzie as fast as he can.
Tom quickly shuts the door on Paul.
A beat.
Everyone is laughing and screaming and throwing popcorn.
She puts hers there and locks it with his.
This shit is really fucking hard when you're as inflexible as Tom.
A beat.
Damn it, she wins again.
He shuts the door in our faces.
Arm cocked, about to throw the winning touchdown pass.
Tom is a fucking mess.
Beat.
Yet another frustrating night...
The Cartoon Bird takes a cartoon shit on Tom's shoulder.
The half-destroyed alarm clock goes off.
Tom recognizes he's losing his shit.
"Holy shit.
And with that he storms off.
We can see he is frustrated but not deterred.
Then at Hank the monkey on the floor dealing solitaire.
Then crosses it.
After a moment, the contact brings   the useless appendage "to life."
It stops on the "R."
The doors hiss shut and driver turns to him.
Kaufman steps in and the door slides shut.
As it * slams shut again, he glances back in at Leonard, and hardly * recognizes him.
She's too angry.
Shit!
Steam from the train's engine is sucked into the fog.
A beat.
There's a KNOCK at door.
Thrusts it at her.
Glowering at him.
Roy looks over at her, unaware of how annoyed she is with him.
Slams the door shut. in a whirlwind, cleaning the apartment.
The teacher, MR.
Whatever shit it is, Nikki's not taking any       chances.
He ambles up as she shouts into the bartender's ear.
The asshole's back.
One slips Mohawk a packet of coke, the other takes his money.
A thick crowd around them, proceed to beat the living shit out of the two dealers.
Only then does he look over at Malakai who, eyes engorged with rage, is standing over his opponent, kicking and stomping him with no signs of letting up.
Shit.
A fight.
Shit.
The "whore" with the Hich C is RHONDA.
In a sneak attack, she shoves a Santa's hat down to his ears.
SLAMS the door.
They're bitter as hell.
It freaks her out.
CLOSE UP: Ronna locks the door.
Nailed shut.
A KNOCK on the door.
Freaks out.
A BEAT. Adam and Zack await the fury.
A white guy with dreadlocks comes out of a locked door.
He's still shirtless and wearing the Santa Claus hat.
He hangs up.
A beat.
The gun pointed at her, Claire is losing her shit.
A beat.
With a sudden RAGE, he WINGS the plate against the far wall.
That's not what Claire meant -- she's a little pissed -- but Ronna is oblivious.
He YELLS in her ear.
He cocks the gun.
Somewhere in the distance, the Mary Xmas Supafest is still RAGING, but here it's only a WHISPER with a beat.
He's shit-faced drunk.
Pissed, Singh scoops away a handful for himself.
Simon points at the KNOCKING door.
The Boy's MOTHER yanks him back from the door, shutting it.
Sees the fire and SCREAMS.
He taps his hat and leaves.
Simon throws the gun to the floor.
KNOCKING at the adjoining room door.
Tiny goes back into the other room, pulling the door shut.
Vic Jr. WHACKS Marcus, an old-fashioned bitch slap.
Marcus tries to keep the rage down.
The door swings shut.
Marcus SCREAMS with frustration.
He punches buttons on the     keychain, but nothing will quiet it.
He hangs up.
He SLAMS on the horn, SHOUTING at the car that cut him off.
The doors shut.
A KNOCK at the door.
Tiny knocks on the door to the adjoining room The kids mutes the TV.
A beat.
Dulaney stands and walks towards the door.
Dulaney's anger shows.
Dulaney and Cardenas are left alone.
Dulaney stops.
Before Dulaney can start to protest she continues.
Dulaney slams down the phone.
Cardenas leans back in his seat frustrated.
Paley has been sworn in.
We HEAR a PHONE slam down.
Cardenas is dismayed and tries to hide his frustration.
Dr. Paley's temper explodes.
Watching Rebecca with Marsh bothers Dulaney.
Dulaney's reaction bothers him.
The anger and his sense of betrayal show on his face.
More noise from the Crowd.
Judge Burnham is annoyed.
Sounds of protest fill the room as the BAILIFFS start to usher out the crowd.
A beat.
He grabs her by the throat and smashes her into the wall.
He pushes the EJECT BUTTON on the VCR, removes the tape and destroys it.
Dulaney's temper is near the breaking point again, he strains to control himself.
A beat.
She struggles against him.
It is rough, angry sex and it frightens Sharon.
There is tension between them.
Dulaney drives up -- finds a PARKING SPOT down the street --  gets out of his car and runs to the door.
Rebecca struggles, but it is little use -- he is a man consumed with rage.
Dulaney continues to smash her into the wall.
Rebecca reaches onto the desk -- lifts up a FOUNTAIN PEN and stabs it into Dulaney's shoulder at the base of his neck.
He repeatedly smashes her head onto the floor.
Dulaney stops.
Lying by the treeline.
A full on shit-kicking dive.
In the middle of protesting.
West grabs Pike by the neck, CHOKING HIM.
He KICKS PIKE IN THE BALLS and releases him.
Pike goes fetal on the ground, VOMITING, as West stands over him, screaming.
A KNOCK at the door.
They sit in silence until: Osborne looks at him, annoyed.
A beat.
The gunfire and screaming have stopped.
Mueller comes at him, screaming: Mueller stops, eyes crazed.
Mueller stops, as the others turn towards the big man.
Disgusted.
As Kendall bolts towards the noise, the air is filled with the sounds of SCREAMING and SHOOTING!
He pushes through the door...  Kendall, coming through the door as we SLO-MO... Mueller, sprawled out on the floor, dead...  Pike, tied to the chair, bullethole in his forehead... Nunez, wounded, stumbling out the front door into the hurricane...
And a badly wounded Childs, pistol out, TURNING towards the SOUND OF THE DOOR and FIRING... Kendall's arm, HIT with a SLUG, and he starts to go down...  FREEZE-FRAME -- On Kendall's form, falling.
Tackles him to the floor, CHOKING HIM...  Osborne, pulling her sidearm, and PISTOL WHIPPING Dunbar in the head!
Dunbar, Kendall, Childs, and Nunez push through the door to find Mueller in his undershirt, a FIRE burning in the hearth.
The fury of the storm has increased.
Dunbar sitting in a corner, listening to the hurricane rage outside.
He strips of his shirt and throws it in the fireplace.
Striking a match, igniting the bloody rag...  .
A long beat, until He is cut off as the WIND outside ROARS - the HURRICANE mounting to it's FULL FORCE - and the WINDOWS BLOW INWARDS, showering Childs, Mueller, and Nunez with glass!
And the cabin is filled with the THUNDER OF GUNFIRE as Kendall goes down, clutching his ARM...  DUNBAR FIRES, hitting Childs directly in the chest... Childs, still shooting, falls back, his random spray of bullets PUNCHING INTO MUELLER who jerks like a marionette...  Nunez, drawing a bead on Dunbar, about to shoot, when...
Dunbar, carrying Kendall towards the clearing when GUNFIRE comes from behind.
Frustrated, he tosses it away.
A beat.
His mouth SLAMS SHUT.
Hardy and Osborne roughly lead Dunbar into the room, the JAG Lawyer trailing behind, shouting: She slams the door and BARRICADES it.
In a flash he reaches down PULLS OSBORNE'S GUN and grabs Dunbar, SLAMMING him up against the wall, pressing the weapon TO HIS TEMPLE!
A POUNDING on the locked door.
Hardy COCKS the pistol as Dunbar screams: A CRASH as the door's lock SNAPS and M.P.'s POUR into the room!
He points to the door.
The hurricane, RAGING outside.
SOMEWHERE BEHIND HIM - The other five fan out, rifles up, following his trail, ready to kill.
With a HEAVE, Nunez SNAPS HIS NECK.
In the darkness we see Styles MOVE SUDDENLY...  Hardy DIVES to the floor - Osborne in the doorway, PISTOL raised, FIRES TWO SHOTS!
Dead.
The aftermath.
A beat.
The hurricane rages.
A prisoner.
Dead.
Dunbar, shooting towards where Nunez's body lies.
A beat.
A beat.
Brendan cocks an eyebrow.
Kara snaps her head towards him, a flash of anger.
Angry again, Kara snatches the pack from him.
He pulls the door handle, locked.
The car door slams.
Tug's face is a mask of rage.
Tugger grabs his shirt and slams him into the wall, but freezes when he hears a door latch click.
She shuts the fridge.
Wrong.
The Pin holds his hat in his hands, fingering the rim.
Brendan half wakes and puts it to his ear.
He creeps towards the door on the balls of his feet.
Brendan throws the car into drive, and they jerk forward.
Brendan slams the phone down violently and walks back towards the car.
He throws himself out of the car.
He keeps yelling that until she does.
The Pin's face is stupid, lifeless.
Tugger fires - dirt kicks up, and the Pin scrambles back.
Brendan crawls towards Tug, yelling for him to stop.
Brendan clamps his eyes shut.
The Pin stands and goes towards the door, but Brendan shouts and slams it shut.
Tug grabs it, Brendan grabs   his wrist and the gun goes off, firing into the ceiling.
Brendan screams, thrashing wildly, and manages to slip out of his bloodied jacket and out from between the two.
STICKS OF GUM from a Plen-T-Pack are emptied into a FISHBOWL- SCOTCH TAPE is wrapped around the end of a pen to attach a piece of string JIM adjusts the knot of his tie, notices a little shaving cream in his ear.
After preparing her notepad and pen, Tracy puts a MICROCASSETTE RECORDER on the table in front of her and pushes RECORD.
They're bad.
JIM lies awake in bed while Diane snores beside him.
Angry and fragile, she watches the couple enter Lisa's house.
He shuts it off as Sherry emerges from the house with lemonade.
The students go nuts.
But she's not holding the ruler flat against the wall and -- RIP! -- she slices the banner lengthwise.
Overcome with anger and frustration, she thrashes around on the ground and TEARS UP what remains of her banner.
Paul's campaign posters fill the air, shredded to pieces by the powerful winds of jealousy and rage.
TRACK FROM OVERHEAD - THE HALLWAY FLOOR - where a thousand bits of Paul lie scattered -- a grinning mouth here, an eye there.
Tracy drives, sucking on a wounded hand.
She throws the car into reverse, backs up and turns onto - Tracy stop the car near an EMBANKMENT.
She gets out and pulls the garbage bag from the trunk.
He throws the door open.
JIM breezes in, a sheaf of papers fucked under his arm.
A MOTEL EMPLOYEE watches TV behind the counter THE TELEPHONE - as JIM punches in Sherry's number.
Finally, he looks down, sucks in air, blows it out again, nods a little.
A LOUD GARBAGE TRUCK rumbles by.
IN THE EMPTY HALLWAY - Tracy pogos with unbridled joy She pulls herself together enough to peek through the window of the OTHER DOOR to Jim's classroom, the window behind which JIM is still busily doing his count.
She awakens when Sam gets in on the passenger side and slams the door shut.
She fixates on a MINIVAN travelling in the slow lane.
Chris pops opens the COOLANT CAP and burns his hand on the steam explosion.
It's marred by BURN MARKS and DENTS from the explosion.
He scours amongst the PILES OF REFUSE, RUSTY MACHINES and crumbling STORAGE SHACKS.
Fuck!                            Bastard!
She's lying on the floor of the motel room in between the beds.
Whoa!                           Jesus Christ...  POLICE and FIREMEN swarm.
Father Homeijer stands with Officer O'Dell, gazing at the soggy ruins.
Corey gets out and shuts the door.
He jerks the wheel -- and the JALOPY hits on the front passenger side -- completely smashing it in -- Sam spins when she HEARS the deafening CRUNCH...  Randy careens into the opposite lane, and an ONCOMING CAR smacks him dead on.
The door slams shut behind her, and Corey and Chris glance at each other...  Momentarily, Dusty comes out, a partially eaten SANDWICH in hand.
RANDY'S DAD'S CAR navigates a DIRT ROAD up a WOODED HILL to a VANTAGE POINT where the whole of El Reno can be seen.
Randy pushes in a TAPE (suggestion: River of Deceit, by Mad Season.), then takes a JOINT from his pocket and sparks it up.
She finds a pile of clothes on the floor beside the bed and grabs her shirt...  ...after she pulls it on over her head, she freezes -- because Billy Moorcroft is standing right there in his BIRTHDAY HAT, staring at her. Corey turns and looks down to Randy.
She begins to stuff the other bags down her pants...  Having deposited Dusty in the back of the cruiser and shut the door, O'Dell's attention turns to an upstairs window of the house when he sees MOVEMENT.
Sam's benumbed expression doesn't change, but her tone is caustic.
A PAIR OF RATS follow their VECTOR SPEARS as they shimmy up the side of a Sam treads effortlessly through the darkness, past the heaps of junk toward the decrepit STORAGE SHACK marked by the She stands before the shack, having discovered Vietnam Tom.
Sam is expressionless.
Immediately after, a BULLET is discharged and follows it...
He steps out of the way so Sam can shut and lock the door.
Chris hangs his head, frustrated.
Jeremy is furious.
FIREWORKS continue to EXPLODE and shower overhead, and some PEOPLE can be HEARD LAUGHING and SHOUTING from the main parking area, not far away...  Sam runs toward the VOICES -- But Jeremy grabs her from behind and spins her around!
The EXPLOSIONS and the RUCKUS from CROWD mask their noise.
The garbage scow passes under a bridge spanning the broad, sluggish waters, and proceeds on to its landfill, a steaming river island.
Now the ringing stops and we hear a muffled voice next door: The sheriff replaces the phone, leans back again, adjusts his hat, and is about to go back to sleep when we hear the front door open.
He is a middle-aged Southern gentleman wearing a panama hat and a cape over a cream-colored suit.
The director is angry.
Our loud breathing has stopped.
He is pointing the gun directly at the General's head.
His gun clatters to the floor.
There is a knock at the door.
The cat sits on the cellar floor, head cocked, gazing at the hole now opened in the wall.
She slaps Gawain again.
He embraces Mountain, who continues to sob quietly.
There is a knock at the door.
He gets to his feet, slaps dust from the front of his pants.
There is a knock on the cellar door.
Gawain leans over and punches the button on boom box that hangs from the rolling garbage bin.
Gawain goes out the vault door...  ...and picks up the line where it emerges on the other side, travels down to the joint of wall and floor, and then continues along the floor.
Gawain is wheeling his garbage cart out the door.
He now looks a little angry.
She clomps upstairs and shuts the cellar door.
We PULL HER towards the front door, angry and lost in thought.
He nods meekly and retreats, easing the door creakily shut.
But now, still cautiously approaching, he cocks his head, his expression bemused.
Another slap.
There is the toot of the garbage scow.
A flock of scavenger birds, disturbed by the impact, lifts off the scow with angry caws.
Mrs. Munson lies on her back gently snoring.
The garotte is lowered toward her exposed neck.
A mad but silent dash for the door.
With the low mournful toot of its horn we tilt up the river to the great garbage island where scavenger birds pick through the trash.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
top.location.href=location.href
He nods to the giant, Fezzik, who merely reaches over, touches a nerve on Buttercup's neck, and the start of a scream is all she manages --unconsciousness comes that fast.
CLOSE UP: Vizzini, in a fury.
During this, Inigo has gone close to FEZZIK, who is very distressed at the insults he's just received.
and Vizzini screaming.
And he throws the six-fingered sword into his right hand and immediately, the tide of battle turns.
A ROCKY STAIRCASE leading to a turret-shaped plateau, and the Man In Black is retreating like mad up the steps and he can't stop Inigo -- nothing can stop Inigo -- and in a frenzy, the Man In Black makes every feint, tries every thrust, lets go with all he has left.
And now the Man In Black is smashed into a stone pillar, pinned there under the six fingered sword.
FEZZIK considers this a moment, then attacks, and if he moved quickly last time, this time he is blinding and as the Man In Black slips down to avoid the charge, FEZZIK moves right with him, only instead of twisting free and jumping to his feet, this time the Man In Black jumps for FEZZIK's back and in a moment he is riding him, and his arms have FEZZIK's throat, locked across FEZZIK's windpipe, one in front, one behind.
FEZZIK goes to earth and lies still.
And the Man In Black cocks back a fist.
Below, the ravine floor is flat, but getting there would not be half the fun.
screaming and -- Westley, pinned under the attacking R.0.U.S., trying to fend it off.
Westley lies in the center of the cage, chained and helpless.
And on these words-- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           71.
as the Prince throws open the door to Buttercup's room, slams it shut, locks it, breaks into a wild run and -- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           85. but it's not on.
He looks up as the Prince suddenly comes down the steps, raging.
He shuts the window.
VALERIE, an ancient fury, storms out of a back room and toward ---------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                           95.
Upset, he turns to Inigo, who is concentrating unsuccessfully, trying to prop Westley against the wall.
PRINCE HUMPERDINCK, turning quickly, giving a sharp nod to Count Rugen, who immediately takes off out of the chapel with the Four Guards as we FEZZIK, flaming and scary as hell.
Dazed.
He turns and runs the hell away.
momentarily surprised, then taking off after him, leaving Westley and Fezzik to exchange curious looks and Rugen, running through a half-open heavy wooden door, shutting it and locking it just as Inigo throws himself against it.
He throws his sword to the floor.
The woman is screaming now, and banging on the man's chest with her fists.
A beat.
Phil points at his temple as if to say she's nuts.
Mutter.
She gets into the car and slams the door.
There is a loud hammering on the door.
He slams the door shut behind him and stomps off into the gloom.
The driver leans out of the window, furious.
He glowers at Larry and shuts the door.
She walks towards the door.
Barbara is gone, the door slamming behind her.
Susie instinctively moves towards it, then stops.
Then she picks up the receiver again and smashes it onto the table.
The barman puts his hand up to refuse the money.
He recoils.
The traffic cop is finishing the ticket when there is a ball of flame in the distance.
The traffic cop stares into the fire.
There's no discipline or strategy, nothing depersonalized: it's mayhem and each side intensely hates the other.
He was pushed out to placate (to Tad:.) the goddamn radical I agreed to resign.
On the wall opposite a massive desk hangs a faded banner: "RE-ELECT THADDEUS STEVENS, REPUBLICAN TICKET, 9TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT, LANCASTER PENNSYLVANIA".
Stevens leaves, shutting the door.
Bilbo takes a mallet to a crab, smashing it!
Mrs. Keckley is angry and uncomfortable.
They've lined up along both sides of the wall and are hooting, laughing, clapping and cheering, egging on Tad as, with furious concentration, he drives a cart pulled at considerable speed by a large and seriously annoyed goat down the hall.
His fellow delegates follow in his wake, Hunter glaring with defiant hatred at the soldiers before climbing in.
Robert shoots an angry, envious glance at Hay's uniform as Lincoln, Slade, Mrs. Keckley and Hay leave.
Since we have the floor next in the debate, I thought I'd suggest you might... temper your contributions so as not to frighten our conservative friends?
There's a knock on the door.
Mary turns to it, furious: Lincoln opens the door.
Bilbo stops, winded.
Before the Secretary of State can climb on board, Bilbo shuts the carriage door.
Seward, now inside the carriage, slams the door.
Lincoln is in his coat, shawl over his shoulders, holding his hat.
Lincoln is seated at Eckert's desk, shawl wrapped around his shoulders, glasses on; he stares down into his hat, held between his knees.
Lincoln places the hat on the floor.
Frustrated, he throws down the cigarette and tries to hold back tears.
Lincoln rises from the window seat, angry.
I near her, `cause she's couldn't risk him seeing how screaming from morning to angry I was! night pacing the corridors, howling at shadows and furniture and ghosts!
Then: She opens her mouth to make an angry reply, then stops, and watches as he leaves the room.
There's a knock at the door.
Hutton exchanges a glance with her, and the door shuts again.
In the balcony, Preston slowly stands, saddened and angry.
Applause, booing, furious discussion.
There's an angry response, but Wood and Pendleton sit, thwarted.
Angry shouts from Ellis's fellow Democrats, forcing Colfax to gavel for order.
Shocked anger from the Democrats.
OFFICERS are crowded in the small room, watching a SERGEANT transcribe as his cipher key clicks.
Great surprise, loud cheers and angry shouts.
He lies back.
Everyone freezes for a moment, and then one by one, the officers of the Union Army remove their hats.
Slade waits with Lincoln's coat, clothes brush, the stovepipe hat and gloves on the table.
The demon screams and topples to the ground.
top.location.href=location.href
Karen absently pats the top of her little pile of refuse.
He twitches.
She looks at it, and at him, as if it were a tarantula and he had gone mad.
He lies down again.
She's listening to a fight; she shuts it off as they enter.
Birdie opens her mouth, shuts it, then opens it again.
Margo knows damn well it wasn't she.
Through the open door, from the floor below, the murmur of a party at a late hour.
Incredulously.
Margo stops him.
Bill is about to get mad - when Max bustles up.
Lloyd slams the door, flings his hat away, strides in, peeling off muffler and overcoat.
Eve glares after Bill, tears the wig from her head, throws it on the dressing table.
It mounts swiftly to a screaming fight.
Bill throws the script out into the auditorium, takes his coat and stalks off.
He puts out a cigarette expressionlessly as the applause breaks out.
She crosses to it.
Charlie grabs a cookie and puts it on the table in front of him, smashing it with his fist.
He grabs and smashes another cookie.
We hear SHOUTS and SCREAMS.
She waits a beat and knocks softly.
Richard stops and throws down his books.
The truck BLOWS A LOUD SUSTAINED WAIL.
There's a knock at the door.
Charlie pushes her away, angry.. Peggy realizes she's blown it.
Mr. Kelcher stands in	the kitchen doorway in his bathrobe waiting for her, steaming.
We HEAR the DOOR SLAM.
She buttons her blouse, furious.
Charlie throws a stick.
Barney rejoins them, wearing his hat and robe.
She's impatient and hopping mad.
Peggy jumps up, exploding to Charlie.
A shaky, spasmodic ZOOM IN finds...  JACK FOLEY -- forty, big, focused expression -- as he rips a tie from around his neck and throws it down in the gutter.
Foley bangs on the wheel...  Foley then stiffens as a cop sticks his gun through the open window into Foley's ear... Foley looks to the passenger window, where ANOTER COP, smiling, now has his gun pointing at him.
Faces punched.
A few hundred cons scream encouragement/insults as MAURICE "SNOOPY" MILLER, a lanky, scary, mean-looking black man in boxing trunks, hits a white guy with a ferocious hook.
Teases him.
As the SIRENS SCREAM AT US FOR A MOMENT, then FADE.
He doesn't say anything as Glenn takes off the raincoat, folds it up, then throws it at Foley's feet.
Foley shuts the big book -- CHILTON'S AUTO REPAIR.
Himey bulldozes forward, pulling his massive fist back to clock Foley in the head when...  ...in one swift motion Foley brings his book up in one hand, like he's throwing a pie, and drives the hefty repair manual into Himey's face, snapping the big guy's head back, sending his feet flying out from under him so that he hits the floor back-first with a loud thud.
And with that, she kicks him in the knee.
The door won't budge, a dead bolt holds it shut.
Maurice indicates WHITE BOY BOB, a fucking huge, depraved- looking white guy now squeezed in behind the wheel.
White Boy Bob stares down Buddy who couldn't give a shit.
Hell.
Moselle slips the card into the pocket of her robe.
Foley smiles...  amused... angry...  hurt... View.
Huge fucking aquarium.
This stops her, throws her off balance.
She grabs a bathrobe off the door.
Kenneth -- the fucking maniac -- at the wheel.
Buddy and Foley are jostled about the back from Kenneth's insane driving.
As a pissed-off Karen gets out of her car, watches the van disappear.
As Foley sticks his hand in Kenneth's coveralls, comes out with a shell, loads the gun, snaps it shut...
As Maurice cocks the pistol, takes a step up the stairs...  Maurice spins around, points his gun down at Karen, now standing in the foyer, her own gun pointing up at him...
She fires and he falls to the staircase, dropping the guns, grabbing hold of his right thigh.
An annoyed Foley stares at the guy as the marshal shuts the door then gets in up front with Karen.
Ultimately it is dislodged from its victim and ejected from the ship, and they blast off from the Hell-planet.
Melkonis punches buttons.
Broussard punches buttons.
The entire crew -- STANDARD, ROBY, BROUSSARD, MELKONIS, HUNTER, and FAUST -- are all seated around a table, with Standard at the head.
The night-shrouded surface is a hell of blowing dust.
The floods shut off.
Broussard touches a button and the inner door slides silently shut, sealing them into the lock.
Abruptly, THE ENGINES SHUT OFF, LEAVING A RINGING SILENCE.
Broussard takes out the graplon-gun, and fires the hook up toward the top of the pyramid.
Annoyed, Broussard yanks off his breathing goggles, and leaves them hanging around his neck.
Hunter comes racing down the steps and hurries up to the inner lock door.
Hating it, Roby leans forward and throws the switch.
Roby stabs the button and the inner door slides open.
The parasite hits the ground and begins to sink into the dust, smouldering and fuming.
The outer door rolls shut.
There, he activates the wall intercom and punches out a combination.
Roby begins to punch buttons.
Faust shuts off the pump.
They slam the door shut and seal it.
Faust picks up a ball, and Standard immediately picks his own up.
Faust lets himself out of the food storage room and carefully locks the door behind him.
In dead silence, a thick spurt of steam comes out of the open air lock door.
INSTANTLY, A TREMENDOUS WINDSTORM STARTS UP as the ship's air is sucked out toward the lock.
THERE IS A PIERCING HISS OF ESCAPING AIR, AND THE SOUND LEVEL GRADUALLY RETURNS TO NORMAL as Standard and the others sink to the floor, gasping in the oxygen gratefully.
They begin to carry the explosives up the steps.
It slams open and shut quite rapidly.
At that moment the creature TAKES A BITE OUT OF HUNTER, WHO SCREAMS IN Standard can take it no longer; he raises the flamethrower and fires Standard instantly stops firing, but now Hunter is a kicking ball of flame, held out at arm's length by the monster.
The hatch door SLAMS SHUT, locking the thing in the lifeboat.
With that, Roby dives for the open locker door, hurls himself inside, and slams the door shut.
The hatch slams shut, closing Roby safely inside but TRAPPING THE END It instantly releases Roby, who staggers back.
The last we see of it is a few smouldering rags, dwindling into infinity.
She slaps him.
There is a knocking at the door.
She shrieks.
He kicks her in the butt and sends her toward the door.
He opens the door and throws her into the hall.
Eric slams the door shut.
She is instantly back on her feet and screaming as she pounds on the door.
He picks up her clothes and her bag, opens the door, and throws it into the hall just long enough for her to yell at him.
He slams the door shut.
They walk into the flat.
A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the floor.
Claude throws a lit cigarette at him which explodes into a mass of sparks.
Jean's car makes a dangerous lane change across traffic and cuts off Ricardo.
They walk into the flat.
A bunch of guns are piled in one corner of the floor.
Claude throws a lit cigarette at him which explodes into a mass of sparks.
Jean's car makes a dangerous lane change across traffic and cuts off Ricardo.
Eric grabs the stodgy customer and puts the gun to his temple.
In an instant Jean is firing his machine gun into the group of people huddled on the floor.
Everyone is screaming and trying to get away.
Machine gun fire cuts through the concierge security guard killing him dead.
Unfortunately, the wild spray of bullets also rips into three of the tellers, four of the customers, and the loan officer, killing them all.
Everyone screams.
It is covered by a small locked cage.
Oliver takes cover and cocks his gun.
Eric slams the phone down and then in a fit of rage tears the phone from the wall.
Everybody screams.
Eric fires into his dead corpse until his gun runs out of bullets.
She grabs hold of the gun hand.
The other gang members are ducking from her fire.
Oliver swings his gun around and sprays machine gun fire at them... killing them both.
Francois is ripped into by machine gun fire.
Zed is rabbit punching Eric from underneath.
Zed lets out a shrill scream.
He gets to his feet and cocks the pump action.
-- CAMERA TRUCKS forward -- Zeke pours feed into trough -- MCS -- Zeke poring feed into trough -- speaks -- MLS -- Dorothy walking along railing between pig pens -- MCS -- Zeke picks up another bucket of feed -- pours it into trough -- MLS -- Dorothy on railing -- loses her balance -- falls into pig pen -- MCS -- Zeke reacts -- CAMERA PANS left as he jumps into pen -- takes Dorothy's foot out of wire -- then picks her up -- CAMERA PANS right as he carries her out of pen -- puts her down with Hunk and Hickory -- Zeke jumps out of pen -- sits down -- wipes his brow -- MCS -- Zeke -- Dorothy -- Hunk and Hickory -- they all look at Zeke -- they laugh -- Aunt Em enters with plate of crullers -- CAMERA TRUCKS forward on Hunk -- Aunt Em and Hickory -- they speak -- Hunk and Hickory each take cruller -- go to b.g.
-- Dorothy reacts -- MCU - Professor - Camera shooting past Professor at left f.g. - he looks into crystal - speaks - CU -- Dorothy -- Camera shooting past Professor -- MCS -- Dorothy and Professor -- He looks into crystal -- then looks down at photograph -- MCS -- Dorothy and Professor -- he puts the photograph away again -- looks into crystal -- MCU -- Professor -- Camera shooting past Dorothy -- CU -- Dorothy -- Camera shooting past Professor -- Dorothy reacts -- MCU -- Professor -- camera shooting past Dorothy -- CU -- Dorothy reacts -- speaks -- Camera shooting past Professor -- MCU - Professor looks into crystal - Camera shooting past Dorothy - CU -- Dorothy reacts -- Camera shooting Professor -- he speaks -- exits right -- MCS -- Dorothy and Professor -- Dorothy jumps up -- picks up her basket -- goes to b.g.
... is that the Witch?
-- speaks -- reacts to noise o.s.
I would dance and be merry...  MCS - Scarecrow and Dorothy - she watches as he sings, dances about - he whirls, jigs about - falls to his knees - Dorothy reacts - CAMERA TRUCKS forward as he dances back up the Yellow Brick Road - then PULLS back as he comes forward to Dorothy again - he dances to left to the cornfield - CAMERA PANS left - he falls over the fence, then rolls back under it as Dorothy rushes to help him - he reacts, sits on the curb of the road - MCS - The Scarecrow seated on curb of road as Dorothy looks down at him - CAMERA PULLS back as he feels about his coat - Dorothy points to some of his straw on the road - a crow flies into the scene and lands near the straw - the Scarecrow reacts - MCS - The Scarecrow trembles with fear as Dorothy tries to comfort him - MCU - The crow picks up the straw and flies up -- MLS - Dorothy and the Scarecrow react as the crow flies out to left with the straw in his mouth - CAMERA BOOMS up to left as the Scarecrow rises, goes to the fence and shakes his fist at the crow flying over the cornfield in the b.g. - MLS - The Scarecrow dances back to right along the road as the CAMERA PULLS back, PANS right with him - Dorothy rushes to him, stops him and points o.s. to left - LS - The crow lands in the cornfield - MCS - Dorothy and the Scarecrow looking o.s. to left - the Scarecrow reacts, assures Dorothy - then the CAMERA PULLS back as he dances forward, gains momentum and runs out to left - LS - The Scarecrow runs to left, makes a big jump over the cornfield as the CAMERA PANS with him - MLS - The Scarecrow jumps in from right and lands in the cornfield - several crows fly out of the corn - MS - Dorothy runs forward to the fence, reacts as she looks o.s. to f.g. - MS - The Scarecrow moves to right through the corn stalks - CAMERA TRUCKS right - he bends down, finds his straw and stuffs it back into his coat - MLS - The Scarecrow runs forward, jumps into the air and flies out to right f.g. - LS - The Scarecrow soars over the field to the road - Dorothy waves to him MS - The Scarecrow falls into the scene as he lands on the Yellow Brick Road - CAMERA PULLS back as Dorothy rushes to him - the Scarecrow begins to dance again, doing a series of splits - CS - Toto jumps on a pumpkin, starts it rolling out onto the Yellow Brick Road at right - CAMERA PANS right - LS - Toto follows the pumpkin as it rolls forward down the road - CAMERA PULLS back between the Scarecrow's legs - the pumpkin hits the Scarecrow, hitting the Scarecrow up out of scene - Dorothy looks on, frightened - LS - CAMERA PANS up with the Scarecrow as he soars up into the air - LS - Shooting down from the Scarecrow's angle to Dorothy as she looks up o.s. - MS - CAMERA PANS down with the Scarecrow as he falls back toward the road - exits out of shot - MLS - The Scarecrow falls back into scene and lands on the Yellow Brick Road - he runs out to left - MLS - CAMERA PULLS back before the Scarecrow as he dances forward, bumping into one side of fence, then bouncing from that to the fence on the other side of road, then back to the fence at left, and so on down the road - CAMERA PANS right with him as he runs forward past Dorothy and falls through a fence which breaks under his weight - CS - The Scarecrow sits up, looks about - blinks his eyes - CS - Dorothy reacts as she starts forward, looks o.s. to f.g. - REVERSE ACTION shot of Scene 93 (MLS - CAMERA PULLS back before the Scarecrow as he dances forward, bumping into one side of fence, then bouncing from that to the fence on the other side of road, then back to the fence at left, and so on down the road - CAMERA PANS right with him as he runs forward past Dorothy and falls through a fence which breaks under his weight.)
Yellow Brick Road -- Dorothy rushes to the Scarecrow lying on the road -- she picks up some of his straw -- kneels by him -- CS -- Dorothy kneeling by the Scarecrow -- she speaks as she helps him put back some of the straw -- they react -- Scarecrow half-rises -- MCU -- Dorothy -- shooting past Scarecrow in right f.g.
-- Scarecrow picks them up -- MS -- Dorothy comes forward as she picks up the apples -- CAMERA PANS and TRUCKS forward as she starts to pick up two apples -- she sees a tin foot -- reacts -- examines it -- CAMERA PULLS back and BOOMS up as she stands up by the Tin Man -- Scarecrow comes in from left -- CAMERA PULLS back as they examine him -- he tries to speak -- Dorothy picks up the oil can -- MCS -- Scarecrow and Dorothy examine the Tin Man -- he tries to speak -- they oil him about the mouth -- CU -- The Tin Man tries to speak -- squeaks out a few sounds - - MCS -- Dorothy and Scarecrow listen as the Tin Man starts to speak -- Dorothy starts to pull the axe arm of the Tin Man down -- Scarecrow oils him -- MLS -- Dorothy lowers the right arm of the Tin Man so that it hangs naturally -- Scarecrow busy with the oil can -- the Tin Man begins his story -- MCS -- Scarecrow and Dorothy listen to the Tin Man -- he grows weak -- they work his arms back and forth -- Scarecrow oils his neck for him -- Dorothy raps on the Tin Man's chest - - they react -- Tin Man explains, then steps backward toward tree -- No heart?
CS -- The Witch speaks, throws a ball of fire o.s.
-- LS -- Dorothy, Tin Man, Scarecrow standing at left as the Witch on the roof throws down a ball of fire at them -- she laughs gleefully -- CS - Witch speaks to Dorothy o.s. - MLS - Tin Man putting out the fire as Dorothy helps the Scarecrow, who is rolling about in the grass - she reacts as Witch speaks o.s. - WITCH o.s.
s. - WITCH o.s.
-- CAMERA TRUCKS back -- LS - Dorothy - Scarecrow - Tin Man and Lion walking forward thru Haunted Forest - Lion yells - MCU - Lion growling - Jitterbug on his nose - he looks down at it - speaks - CAMERA TRUCKS back - Tin Man slaps the bug away - MLS - Scarecrow - Dorothy - Tin Man and Lion - Dorothy jumps as Jitterbug bites her leg - Tin Man speaks - all start forward - Tin Man yells - Dorothy takes bug off his neck - Bug bites Scarecrow - he jumps in the air - falls to ground - jumps up again - CAMERA PANS the Four to right - they react to quivering trees and noise - CAMERA TRUCKS back - Dorothy and others tremble and move about as they sing - CS - Scarecrow and Tin Man - CAMERA PANS to right to Lion and Dorothy - each sing - LS - Dorothy - Lion - Scarecrow and Tin Man running around - the tree quivering - MS - Scarecrow - Tin Man - Lion and Dorothy huddled together - looking o.s. - MCS - Scarecrow - Tin Man - Lion and Dorothy - Dorothy steps forward - sings - CAMERA PANS right as she dances back near Lion - Who's that hiding In the tree top?
Tower Room -- Dorothy trying to open one of the doors -- CAMERA TRUCKS forward -- MCS -- Tin Man, Scarecrow and Lion enter up from behind the rocks -- all are dressed in Winkie Guard uniforms - they speak - MLS -- Winkie Guards marching about in the Castle courtyard -- MCS -- Lion, Tin Man and Scarecrow watching from the rocks -- they speak -- come forward behind the rocks as the CAMERA TRUCKS back with them -- LS -- The Winkies marching into the castle -- the Tin Man, Lion and Scarecrow join the end of the line, the Lion in the rear -- as they march toward the castle, the Lion has trouble keeping his tail under the uniform -- CAMERA TRUCKS forward as they enter the castle, Toto following -- the drawbridge is pulled up -- LS - Int. Entrance Hall of Castle - camera shooting down from high set-up as the Winkies march into the hall - CAMERA BOOMS down on the file to Scarecrow, the Tin Man, and the Lion, who are at the end of the file CU - Hour Glass - MCS - Int. Tower Room - Dorothy seated on steps near the crystal - she sobs - Int. Hallway -- LS -- The Lion, Scarecrow and Tin Man duck back into a recess in the wall -- the rest of the Winkies continue on to exit -- CS -- Toto barking on steps -- he turns, starts up them CS -- Lion, Tin Man and Scarecrow -- Scarecrow points o.s., speaks - - he exits -- LS -- Toto runs up the stairs from the hall as the Lion, Scarecrow and Tin Man run forward from b.g. and start up the stairs after Toto -- Upper Hallway -- LS -- Toto runs in from left -- CAMERA PANS right slightly as he runs to door and starts to scratch at it -- the three rescuers enter -- CAMERA TRUCKS forward as they speak -- MS -- Int.
Stop them, you fools!
-- CAMERA PANS up as she holds her broom up to the torch on wall -- CS -- The Four react with fear -- MCU -- The broomstick catches fire -- CAMERA PANS down to the Witch as she lowers it -- speaks -- CS -- Lion, Tin Man, Dorothy      and Scarecrow -- all react as the broom is thrust into the      scene and catches the Scarecrow's arm on fire -- he      shouts, Dorothy screams -- Dorothy picks up a bucket as      the CAMERA PULLS back, throws the water on Scarecrow -- MS -- Dorothy throwing water at Scarecrow -- some of it hits the Witch in the face -- Tin Man standing at left with the Lion -- MCU -- The water hits the Witch in the face -- MS -- The Witch screams as the water hits her -- Tin Man, Lion, Dorothy and Scarecrow look at her -- MLS -- The Lion, Tin Man, Dorothy and Scarecrow watch the Witch as she screams and melts away -- camera shooting past Winkies in the f.g.
-- the Witch curses as she disappears, finally only her cloak and hat remain on the floor -- her voice fades away -- CS -- Lion, Tin Man, Dorothy and Scarecrow looking down o.s.
amazed -- CS -- Shooting down to the Witch's cloak and hat smoldering on the floor -- Toto enters from left and sniffs at them -- CAMERA PULLS back slightly as Nikko enters, growls -- CS -- Leader of Winkies speaks to the Four o.s. in f.g.
-- Dorothy goes over to it and starts to pull it aside -- MCS -- Dorothy pulls back the curtain to reveal the Wizard at the controls -- he reacts as he sees Dorothy -- Dorothy questions him -- the Wizard starts to speak into the microphone -- then turns weakly back to Dorothy -- CAMERA PULLS back slightly as the Lion, Scarecrow and Tin Man enter and stand behind Dorothy -- MCS -- Dorothy and her three friends react -- Camera shooting past the Wizard at left -- the Scarecrow and Lion speak angrily -- CS -- Wizard -- shooting past Dorothy, the Lion and Scarecrow -- the Wizard speaks -- MCU -- Dorothy -- Tin Man and Scarecrow behind her -- MCU - Scarecrow and Dorothy - Scarecrow threatens the Wizard o.s. - CS - Wizard - shooting past Lion, Dorothy and Scarecrow in f.g. - MCS -- Tin Man, Scarecrow, Dorothy and Lion -- shooting past the Wizard in left f.g.
Uberman throws up his arms in frustration when suddenly - He turns to see a FAMILIAR BLUE FACE OF EVIL ON A GIANT Uberman starts walking toward the monitor.
The man is an idiot.
My bad.
The slime is sucked out through the floor, leaving a goo- soaked Severs.
Plato throws another switch, this time DUMPING THOUSANDS OF SPIDERS on poor Stenwick.
His SCREAMS begin to fade as he's engulfed with swarms of crawling arachnids.
He finally collapses, knocking over a row of garbage cans.
An angry Master Mind slaps Plato.
Pat cocks back the chamber of a .357
Paul cocks his gun.
Master Mind throws the paper on the floor and begins to pace around the room with his arms folded behind his back.
He pulls off his wig and throws it to the floor.
She grabs her long coat and throws it over her robe.
The Hoodlum cocks his shotgun.
Master Mind and the boys prepare the fortress for Hal's revenge attack.
Da Vinci straightens up and sucks in his gut.
Titan shuts the apartment door, and turns back toward his guest.
A woman screams from the window of a BURNING BUILDING.
Titan steals a little boy's lollipop and gooses his mother.
Behind him, Titan picks up a POLICE CAR and throws it at a PADDY WAGON.
Driven by rage, she struggles to tear out of her bonds.
Titan is standing on top of a destroyed police car.
He grabs the door knob and stops, considering her words.
The double doors have been sealed shut with boards and nails.
He's furious to say the least.
From behind, Titan is immediately set upon by five more RADIO The critters bite hop and hit Titan.
As soon as he throws one off two more jump him.
As the villain walks toward him, he pulls back his fist to give Master Mind the killing blow.
In a sudden surge of strength, MASTER MIND PUNCHES TITAN IN The once mighty man instantly drops to his knees, searching, with tears in his eyes, for the proper word to express the pain suddenly surging through his member.
He punches Titan in the face, knocking him out cold.
Annoyed, the Receptionist looks up but says nothing.
Adam scratches his chest, the hospital gown is beginning to irritate his skin.
After a few beats, there's a knock on the door.
A University of Berkeley hat.
Adam shrugs as if to say "what the fuck?" Andrew and Missy giggle as they get into their car.
The Barista yells to DEMETRI, the other Barista.
He hates this part of his job.
Annoyed, Adam takes the spear out of Seth's hand.
The mess is driving him crazy.
Adam turns to see the dog shitting on the carpet.
A beat.
Prime seats, but a bitch to get to since the service has begun - getting there would mean wading through a row of two dozen people.
And by the sound of it, throws up.
Adam and Seth smoke a joint as they watch "Planet Earth" on a brand new 50" flat screen TV.
Seth is ridiculous.
She looks pissed.
The door slams.
Katie stops the car.
Adam grabs a handful of Katie's garbage and gets out.
Katie is destroying Adam.
In frustration Adam weakly picks up the scale and throws it against the wall, smashing it.
There's a knock at the door.
He then proceeds scream at the top of his lungs.
A beat.
A beat.
Katie knocks on the door.
Adam is left alone with Katie.
She steps into the house and Walter shuts the door.
Walter shuts the door.
There is a knock at the door.
And Charles is gone, shutting the door behind him.
He arrives at the second floor and stops in front of a door.
A very angry, YOUNG MIDDLE EASTERN MAN is in Walter's face.
The Young Middle Eastern Man slams him against the wall.
Tarek shuts the front door.
Zainab yells at him.
He sets down his case and walks toward his bedroom but stops at Tarek and Zainab's door, which is closed.
Walter immediately stands.
There is an X-RAY MACHINE immediately in front of him.
The door slides shut and he is alone in the small white room until a door on the other side slides open.
Walter leaves, shutting the door behind him.
He throws open the door and hurries into the...  Mouna is sitting at the table.
There is a knock at the door.
ZARKOV is pointing a gun at him.
ZARKOV wheels and pulls the door shut.
He punches ZARKOV in the gut.
The whole central tower explodes outward.
THE MEN stop.
The head of one duellist EXPLODES in a bloodless fountain of fire.
Fast and furious.
He reacts.
A shout!
Its reddish desert surface is swept by a raging sandstorm.
TIGER MAN'S rage is magnificent as he flails the nearest TREE MEN without regard for their number.
hearing the CLICK of the cocking.
He punches wildly with his fists, kicks, but petals are CLOSING inexorably around him.
He breaks off again.
Sudden ear-piercing SCREAM from above.
Screaming again, DALE goes OVER.
The whole place EXPLODES.
Inexorably, DALE and her HAWKMEN are sucked upward.
Waiting SOLDIERS seize the struggling HAWKMAN, brutally smash his wings pitch him OUT the bottom as the doors close.
The door shuts itself.
ZARKOV, BARIN and TIGER MAN lie in chains, heads cocked at SOUNDS of the facas outside.
Low conversation as they pant and struggle up the LIZARD MEN SLAVES work like mad, shoveling radioactive fuel into the seething mass.
It's mouth emits a raging SCREAM.
Wheeling the mannequin by the neck, she passes NYU STUDENTS smoking, laughing, and chatting on their way to class.
Everyone FLINCHES and SCREAMS.
She wears a black velvet dress and a wonderfully eccentric hat.
She builds her hat on a HAT BLOCK -- a wooden mannequin head.
Overhearing, Dolores croaks facetiously -- Shannon rolls over onto her back -- Charlotte pins a strip of black lace to the hat -- Charlotte chuckles and sets the half-finished hat on her head.
She takes a LOVELY OLD HAT BOX out of the garbage bag and ditches the bag under the table.
He hands Charlotte a punch -- The name hits home.
The front door opens and shuts.
Shannon is beside herself, frantically half-screaming -- Shannon lifts a hand to high-five her -- Simon high-fives her instead.
The BLIND OPENS and the room is flooded with MOONLIGHT.
She resists.
She sees Celia talking to Jesus, and walks over to them -- Charlotte pretends to be fighting mad -- Charlotte laughs and heads to the kitchen.
She leans back in, her eyes narrow with disdain -- She shuts the door.
A LITERARY ANTHOLOGY lies open, showing a He grabs the clothes and the book and puts them in a SHOPPING BAG that she has left on the floor.
Charlotte emerges from the living room and shuts the door behind her.
His sincerity stops her.
Finally, snapping to, steeling herself, she jostles him -- Wills wakes with a violent start.
She tries to speak but she is choked by a sob.
John enters, looking angry -- Wills enters, picks up the phone, and hits a flashing button-- Lisa's face is flushed with excitement -- A TOWN CAR is parked out front.
The town car speeds down the expressway.
Then he sees her grave expression and freezes.
She walks toward the bedroom door -- Suddenly, a sob catches in his throat.
Charlotte lies on the table.
Gillis gives his car the gun and shoots away.
At the end of the An enormous, five-car      going to waste.
However, by then I'd script pages are       started concocting a little piled on the floor     plot of my own...  around his feet.
Where was stop, startled.
From offstage comes: Gillis dumps the cigarette butts into the cold fire- place, crosses to the bridge table, puts the ashtray down, leans over and speaks into Norma's ear.
Gillis stands frustrated, hideously embarrassed by the stares of the waxworks.
He points to the entrance door of the room, and to another door.
He yanks it loose and walks with as much nonchalance as he can muster to Crossing towards the coat closet, Gillis throws a look upstairs.
Gillis shuts the door.
The only drink being served is punch from a pressed-glass bowl -- but everybody is having a hell of a time.
When they reach the punch bowl, Artie picks up a half-filled glass and fills it.
Betty elbows her way up to him, carrying the two punch glasses filled again.
Norma continues to sob.
He hangs up.
The car drives down Bronson and stops smack in front of the iron gate.
It hits her.
He ducks out quiokly, slamming the door behind him.
She goes into her room, shutting the door behind her.
During the latter part of her call, the doors from Gillis' room have been pushed open and Gillis has walked towards her.
She shuts the door of the car and goes up the steps.
Norma lies on the floor looking after him.
He slams the car into gear and PEELS OUT into traffic.
The van BURNS RUBBER and DISAPPEARS into traffic.
Imbeds itself into car doors, bus benches, doorways as every WINDOW in a three-block radius is SHATTERED...  Replaces blue paint in a horrific shower.
The ruined army barracks.
The techie types in a few commands: IMAGES of destroyed BUSES file past.
Past the frustrated drivers.
Everybody's SCREAMING.
A KNOCK on the door.
PEDESTRIANS who have thrown themselves to the ground, screaming, now pick themselves up, Laughing.
Angry people, scared people.
Is screaming now in Hub's head.
Hub throws himself over several SCREAMING CHILDREN.
A KNOCK at the door.
A SOLDIER IS ROLLING ON THE GROUND, SCREAMING beside a PARKED CAR.
Tariq mutters a CURSE in Arabic.
Kills both the FBI agents and their prisoners.
An AUTOMATIC WEAPON opens fire on the Army presence.
With the vaguely hallucinatory quality of the S.L.A. shootout, WHITE NOISE bleeds in and ALL SOUND FADES OUT: Races in from around the corner, only to be hit by A ROCKET- PROPELLED GRENADE fired through the second floor window.
Furious.
And he's out the door in a heartbeat.
Samir kneels to touch the steaming water.
Is a killing headshot.
He's in his early 30s and dressed in a ridiculous BEAGLE COSTUME, including a CAP WITH FLOPPY EARS.
The door to the shop opens and Harry's annoyed boss, MR.
Mental opens the cage door and wraps his meaty fist around the bird, who SCREECHES IN Mental smiles, and as we PAN to J.P. Shay, we hear a bone- chilling O.S. SNAP and Petey the bird stops SQUAWKING.
He stops at a newspaper machine, pulls out his WALLET and removes a quarter.
He puts his wallet inside the machine, picks up the newspaper, and as he does so THE MACHINE SLAMS SHUT WITH HIS WALLET Lloyd SIGHS, puts his grocery bags on the machine, and checks his pockets.
A pissed-off Shay and Mental EXIT the building.
Harry immediately realizes he's been had.
He inspects the beer label, then MOVES Harry shoots Lloyd a look as the Trooper begins GULPING down the piss.
Then: The Mutt Cutts van is pulling back onto the highway while the officer remains in the breakdown lane with his hands on his knees.
When he's about a    foot away, Mental punches his hand through the glass of the    booth and knocks the Anxious Man out cold.
As soon as he touches it, though, the car alarm goes off but instead of a siren, it's the incredibly annoying sound of a POODLE YAPPING.
Harry also toots the horn, which makes the As an angry Mental watches them disappear down the road, Shay sits up in the front seat.
They're back on the highway and Joe Mental is SITTING BETWEEN THEM, looking extremely ANNOYED.
The guys are in the middle of an argument.
Just when he's about to pull the gun out, though, Lloyd hits the breaks and SKIDS to a stop beside a bunch of hitchhiking MIGRANT WORKERS.
The trio have picked up SIX MIGRANT WORKERS and everyone is crammed into the car including a CRYING BABY who sits on a pissed-off Mental's lap.
Harry punches Mental's shoulder playfully.
The room has a dirt floor.
like a BIG DOG IS PISSING ON HIS LEG.
The ominous boots MOVE AWAY and Lloyd lets out a All of a sudden the DOOR IS KICKED IN, AND A TOWERING FIGURE STEPS INTO FRAME.
Harry shakes his head no as he bites his lip to keep from screaming.
In his desperation he PLOWS THROUGH THE STALL DOOR KNOCKING SEA BASS ON THE HEAD and thrusts his flaming foot into the toilet, Harry breathes a DEEP SIGH of relief.
A station wagon blows by and throws a BAG  OF GARBAGE out the window.
While the couple ARGUES ON, Harry and Lloyd cut in front of them.
Frustrated, Harry opens the car and PULLS THE Harry starts walking toward the bridge spanning a river.
Harry stops in his tracks, intrigued.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
(THEY'VE GOT MATCHING TOP HATS AND CANES.)
idiot -- Mary sees that they're in deep shit now.
He aims the gun at Lloyd, COCKS THE TRIGGER.
As the doors begin to slide shut, a woman yells.
The folk ballad has become an angry Riot Grrrl anthem.
She opens the sink cabinet and pulls out a pair of channel locks from her back pocket.
She listens - a rising string of warbling sobs drowned out by an angry voice.
We hear a scream.
The angry voice belongs to JOHNNIE MARZZONE.
Caesar steps out, shutting the door, masking the sounds behind him.
He slaps Johnnie on the back.
Violet looks terribly upset as she begins to clean up.
The black case is lying on the desk, locked shut.
The gun ready, Corky, pressed against the desk, waits until he leaves.
She thumbs the locks shut and they snap, unnaturally loud, into place.
He slams the case shut, his head hanging down.
He starts punching the desk, each blow harder than the last.
Caesar is choking on his own rage.
He shuts the closet.
He smiles again, patting him on the shoulder, then throwing a fake punch.
Gino throws down the last of the Scotch.
Johnnie shouts back until Gino throws up his hands, refusing to listen.
In Italian tells him to shut up.
Johnnie screams.
Caesar looks resigned as he shuts his eyes.
His body hits the floor and the room erupts.
He looks down at Jobnnie, hate rising like bile.
Dragging it out, he slams the door behind him.
There is another knock, much louder.
We hear his sigh as he starts to piss.
He slips his gun out and holds it at his side.
He explodes.
He hangs up.
As he opens the door, she slams down the phone.
She tries to get away, but he grabs her and slaps her to the ground.
Corky hears Violet scream and that does it.
Caesar raises the gun to pistol-whip Violet and she screams.
Working the lock, Corky hears Violet's scream cut off.
The door cracks open and Corky slips in, gun-first.
He starts to laugh when she strikes -- Knocking the gun, she punches him, slamming him back against the door as -- She twists, diving, grabbing her gun, just as -- He steps and kicks her full in the face.
He fires and she jumps as the bullet punches through the wall behind her.
His point made, he puts the gun back to Corky's head.
Blood temperature rising again, Caesar pulls the gun back and slaps her with it.
He slaps her.
She starts to scream when he stuffs a towel in her mouth.
He starts to cut and Corky screams -- He stops, the door buzzing continuously.
He cocks it.
He is beginning to hate this woman more than he ever hated Johnnie.
Carrying Violet, he hurries to the kitchen, where he throws Corky's gun into the freezer.
Behind the bar, he sets down the towel be was holding and we see the gun hidden inside it.
Corky is wide awake, thrashing-mad, biting her gag, struggling to get free.
Gun ready, Caesar throws open the door.
He screams as the gun hits the floor.
Violet fires -- The bullet hits Caesar in the shoulder, knocking him off balance.
Violet turns to Corky, eyebrow cocked.
Bruce SNAPS from pissed to instant charismatic TV newsman.
Bruce points to the TV as he says "future," not realizing he's pointing at the ridiculous image of himself with the hair net bun.
We see the INTRO FOR SIXTY MINUTES: LESLIE STAHL is HIT IN THE NECK WITH A TRANQUILIZER DART.
Bruce pulls over, fumes.
Bruce glances over, annoyed but freezes at the sight of sexy anchorwoman, SUSAN ORTEGA across the room.
Bruce stands like a deer in headlights, drenched, holding the ridiculous umbrella.
Reveal Bruce's car, WINDOW'S SMASHED, PAINT SCRAPED and the word "HERO" KEY SCRATCHED ON THE DOOR. Bruce gets in, pulls out of the parking lot passing the Homeless Man who sits beaten up holding a scrawled out sign Bruce is pacing, holding an ICE PACK to his swollen lip.
Bruce stops in his tracks, turns, opens the window, grabs the beeper and FIRES IT OUT.
He thumps the file cabinet with his fist and the drawer dramatically sucks closed, DRAGGING BRUCE BACK.
Bruce watches in amazement as the professional racing team jacks up his car, slaps on HUGE MAG TIRES, gases him up, etc. PAUL NEWMAN leans into the driver's window.
Bruce casually warns.
This stops Bruc e.
He shoots his     * arms up, the crowd goes nuts!
Bruce looks to God to shut up.
Emails scroll, stop at: Filbert Davidson RE: GYM CLASS A BULLY taunts a FAT KID WITH HORN RIMMED GLASSES.
W hat us?
Grace stops dead in her tracks.
Grace gets in, slams the door.
Bruce is left alone in the middle of the street.
People scream, rush toward the exit.
Bruce throws his hands in the air, frustrated.
The Officer PULLS BRUCE down behind a car.
His sign reads: ALL FOR WON. Bruce looks out at the other drivers honking and shouting at the frustrated man.
Suddenly, Filbert goes to throw a punch but his punch has no sting.
Off Bruce's puzzled reaction he DROPS THROUGH THE CLOUDS -- FALLING POV - BACK DOWN TOWARDS EARTH, back THROUGH THE CLOUDS, and right INTO ANOTHER WHITE ROOM where...  BRUCE EYES OPEN and he GASPS FOR BREATH.
HAVEN Stops singing, mad at OPAL'S interruption and the piano player.
HAVEN has just exploded at the piano player and starts to leave, yelling at the producer.
BILL slaps him on the back and engulfs him.
NORMAN'S limo, with BILL and MARY, follows traffic as the TRICYCLE MAN fires up his machine.
REESE and TRIPLETTE'S car stops, and they rush out and run into HAVEN, who is shouting for people to get the hell out of the way.
HAVEN stands there, yelling at people.
BARNETT is in a rage.
He hates it.
PEARL gets mad and tosses WADE out the back door.
TRIPLETTE clears his throat and turns his back to HAVEN and continues to talk to OPAL.
She turns and screams at GREEN.
BILL wants it to be TOM, so he can yell at him, too.
Momentarily, there is a KNOCK on the door.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
NORMAN pulls up a little further and stops.
TRIPLETTE shouts against GLENN, who has turned his intensity to the crowd BARNETT studies the angry crowd then TRIPLETTE, who is holding back GLENN against them.
The crowd is even more angry GLENN has disengaged from TRIPLETTE'S hold and pushed his way to the back.
Song stealing is the same as horse stealing to BARNETT.
He shuts oft the mike.
She looks at him close, then goes into the bathroom and shuts the door.
BARNETT yells for them to stop.
There is a VOICE among the noise that shouts: I could have got that Walker bastard before.
The car abruptly stops in the middle of the vacant field.
Dale, wearing a name tag that reads "Garth", holding a clip board and wearing a greenpeace hat, knocks repeatedly on the door.
Holy shit!
He smashes directly into the car in front of him!
Annoyed, Saul buzzes him in and unlocks the door.
A moment later, Dale, completely freaking out, BURSTS through the door and SLAMS it shut.
The rumbling gets louder.
He jumps in and SLAMS the door shut.
Dale shoots Saul an angry look.
Red ushers them in and shuts the door.
Fuck that, Dale.
Red, I just don't want to pull you into the shit we're in.
Red PUNCHES Saul in the face!
Red is BEATING the shit out of Saul.
Red cringes as Dale softly "punches" his gut.
Matheson pulls out a gun and shoots Red in the gut.
He runs like hell towards Angie's.
Angie grabs a fork off the table and stabs it into Saul's shoulder.
Budlofsky cocks his gun and nods at Matheson.
She shuts her door and the Anderson's pull out.
A deranged looking homeless man walks over to another one and starts pissing on his leg.
They said it, like, eight times, you fucking `tard.
Fuck that, dude.
Saul slams the car into reverse!
The blast blows through the roof of the car and hits an overhead TRAFFIC LIGHT - shredding it to pieces!
CRUNCH!
They are both furious.
Matheson whip out his gun and fires - BLAM!
Budlofsky GRABS Saul and knees him in the balls.
Budlofsky punches Saul in the face.
Matheson appears and looks at Saul with smoldering hatred.
Matheson walks over, lowers to one knee, and punches him straight in the balls.
Matheson looks at the wheezing Saul, curled over by his feet, and punches him in the back of the head.
Matheson shuts the door.
Budlofsky points his gun at Thug 2. Two of the thugs grab Dale and punch him several times.
He looks Dale and Saul up and down, then shuts the door.
Dale cocks his gun.
BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Ted shoots at Saul, who narrowly avoids the gunfire as he pulls himself into the vent.
He flops onto the ground, then immediately scampers to his and pulls out his gun.
He gently takes hold of the latch and is about to open it, when- Dale jumps out from behind him and swings a FIRE EXTINGUISHER at Ted's face - SLAM!!! Ted drops his gun as he falls to the floor.
They both SCREAM in rage and CHARGE, fists flying as they collide.
He punches her in the face.
CRASH!!! Red's car SMASHES through the side of the barn and SLAMS into Matheson, PULVERIZING him!!!
His gut jiggles as he lunges forwards, punching Dale in the throat!
Ted kicks him in the head and picks up his GUN.
He hits the extinguisher and it explodes, blasting out the fire in the hallway towards the barn.
I mean, this ear thing kind of fucking sucks.
Fuck that's gross.
It'll be a fuckin' cinch.
Who fuckin' cares?
I love that shit, too.
top.location.href=location.href
He shuts rolltop desk.
He approaches to roll shut his barn door -- and on this action we CUT again TO -- She slaps the cup down, hurls herself forward -- SWISH PAN -- onto a MALE ACTOR, thrusting him down to the floor, her hands at his throat.
As she prepares to write it down, we CUT BACK TO - Klute finishes rolling shut, and padlocks, the barn door.
Then he pulls the door shut, pulls out.
Bree cocks her head, greets him cutely.
A KNOCK on the door.
to slip the lock.
Then savagely -- She chokes -- then goes on -- She grabs up the company picture, raging on -- Something in his inflection -- very slight -- cautions her.
KNOCK at the door.
Affectionately, as a good whore -- She sits up, gropes her pajamas from the floor, puts them on.
Impasse.
SUBWAY slows to a stop and a door opens.
The pristine, antiseptic, elegance off CABLE'S office is in its own way as unreal and dehumanized as the sexual underworld KLUTE has been exploring with BREE, and KLUTE looks as out of place in the one as he does in the other.
She pushes it out of his hand, pushes it shut.
And we cut directly to: Bree standing, angry, antagonistic, demanding.
HELICOPTER FLIGHT is announced over loud speaker and Cable and Klute walk onto field.
Bree is screaming.
He thrusts her off.
Bree starts to knock on Klute's door but stops herself and walks down the street.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
The PHONE RINGS, an explosive noise.
It rings and rings as he talks and talks -- in the same expository tone as before, without raising his voice.
He hits her again.
Cable catches the sound, whirls, screams -- Klute closes with him, knocks loose Cable's pistol - contends for it again, knocks it loose again.
Bree's KNOCK.
He doesn't at least expel her.
A pistol lies on the floor.
Quail ducks to the floor.
Bullets rip into the robot driver's neck, severing the head from the body.
Still urinating, the frustrated Scott Stevens can only look back over his shoulder.
The sound of the tape continues as Quail follows instructions - pushing the wire up into a bloody portion of his neck, just below the ear.
Furious, they fire.
The rat is killed.
There is a SIZZLING NOISE, and SMOKE rises from behind the mask.
Another KNOCK.
Quail pivots and points his gun at the opening door.
A man enters, firing, but Quail has fallen to the floor and returns the fire.
On the floor lies a DEAD MAN and the body of the Shoeshine Boy, sprawled grotesquely.
Quail strides back in, icy-furious.
A large gas-powered official-looking car is pushing its way through the crowds and traffic behind them.
With his bound hands he SLUGS ONE MAN, hurling him into a wall;  he RABBIT- PUNCHES a second man with a two-handed blow and KNOCKS HIM UNCONSCIOUS.
EXPLOSIONS rumble deep in the ground below him.
Quail releases his grip; he about to give up when -- A MUFFLED CHOCKED SOUND comes from behind Kuato's neck.
Melina senses immediately that this is the man she knew before He turns to Bennie He strides off.
At that instant, Melina lunges, PUNCHES A RED EMERGENCY BUTTON.
Bennie gets up off the floor, shaking off Quail's punch-- The E.I.O.
Quail lunges at him, grabs the blade weapon;  he and Bennie crash into the cabin wall and -- The BLADE RIPS CLEAR THROUGH THE MOLE'S WALL!  Alarms sound as a GAPING HOLE IS BLOWN IN THE SIDE OF THE Now no one can breathe.
Quail aims a titanic blow, PUNCHES BENNIE out through the hole in the mole's wall!
Melina expertly ejects her spent clip (that Guards fired at Quail.), slams in a fresh clip and cocks the gun.
The EXPLOSIONS are closer.
Fists swing and punch at the air.
REEVES slides away, jabbing, punching, piling up points.
One ferocious punch after another.
JOEY is knocking at the door.
JAKE swings away with body punches.
JAKE hits JOEY a few more solid body punches.
JOEY gets angry and fights back with a flurry of punches which have no effect on JAKE.
She throws a bottle at them.
It smashes in the street.
They are in overcoats and hats and don't sit down.
JAKE goes after SUGAR RAY, but the REFEREE stops him.
SUGAR RAY gets back into the ring and sinks to one knee, while the REFEREE counts to 9. The bell sounds.
JAKE hates it.
JAKE prances about, kissing his fists and throwing them to the CROWD.
JAKE goes for the head, then cuts his punch short.
TONY, not aware of what's going on, is slapping JAKE.
JAKE is furious that FOX can't deck him.
They rush in, look, and stop by the door.
JAKE continues to sob.
There is a knock at the door.
JAKE grabs her arm, pulls her in, and slams the door.
He grabs her by the throat and pins her against the wall.
He fools with the dials, then slaps the side.
JAKE, frustrated by his task, turns the belt over and hammers at it.
Both GUARDS push JAKE into the cell and slam the door.
J.) JAKE punches in JANIRO's face.
His hands are smashed.
The CROWD starts to shout: "Get the fuck off the stage!"
JOEY looks at JAKE like he's shit, throws JAKE's hand off his shoulder, and starts to get into his car again.
JOEY stops in mid-punch and stares at JAKE.
Mother and son stand in the vast expanse.
Muttered curses and dissent throughout.
They react to SHOUTING   and VIOLENT NOISES coming from a tavern ahead.
Athos and Aramis sheathe their swords, put on their hats, wrap their capes around them and cross the room to join Porthos.
One swift punch -- and the second rider is senseless.
Then he looks up at Constance, feeling like a prize idiot.
There's one in his hat.
Athos, who has remained silent, speaks with quiet power: The gauntlet has been thrown.
Porthos couldn't be more insulted.
He sputters with rage.
Aramis grabs d'Artagnan by the scruff of his neck and pulls him back.
A beat.
Frustrated, enraged, Jussac makes a full lunge at him, but d'Artagnan ducks, then slips under Jussac's sword like a snake and runs him through.
He is dead.
Porthos lets the bolo fly -- it catches Biscarat about the neck, the balls slam into his head.
A chamber in hell.
A beat.
Rochefort continues: Rochefort punches d'Artagnan in the head, knocking him to the floor.
D'Artagnan sees the bloodstained block where his neck will soon lie; pales.
And galloping out    of the fog come d'Artagnan and the three Musketeers,    riding hell-for-leather.
Cursing, the angry Mercenaries whirl about, FIRE at d'Artagnan and the three Musketeers as they ride into the night.
But before he can pull the trigger, THREE EXPLOSIONS ERUPT from under the cloaks of Athos, Porthos and Aramis.
They turn as the door flies open and the Musketeers and d'Artagnan enter from a RAGING STORM.
Athos SMASHES open another BOTTLE.
Every once in awhile, another WEAPON -- a dagger or something -- drops out of Porthos' clothing and hits the floor with a CLATTER.
Another BALL EXPLODES into the ground in front of them.
The Musketeers barely calm their horses, when another BALL comes SCREAMING their way, IMPACTING a few feet away.
The Ferryman is outraged, spittle flies as he curses and protests.
Porthos laughs and taunts the angry pursuers.
The first replies in measured tones, his lips white with fury.
Stalemate.
The Cardinal's Guards react with anger and disbelief.
Porthos looks down at his latest sash -- destroyed like the others.
The THIRD SHIP has begun to implode in on itself, the matter-energy of its existence drained by the WHIPLASH BOLT that HOLDS IT. desperately defending themselves, FORCE FIELDS FULL UP, RAPIDLY FIRING PHOTON TORPEDOES.
A violent EXPLOSION inside the Klingon bridge -- Klingon Captain's body is thrown violently against the bulkhead.
Suddenly, from Rand's console,a VIOLENT GLARE -- a PROTESTING SOUND from the circuitry.
Has he done right in yielding to this terrible needs for starship command again, forcing Starfleet to give her to him?
SHOTS of cargo deck, down to Engineering Section slamming shut.
as Kirk, annoyed, interrupts Scott on the intercom.
After a beat: Kirk reacts with anger.
Kirk studies him a beat; has McCoy touched a nerve?
He begins getting to his feet, throwing Kirk a look.
The bridge lights In the sudden darkness, the main viewer is all at once a frantic, furious, pattern of GREEN-WHITE FLARING ENERGY, accompanied by an EXPLOSIVE SHRILLING SOUND.
Kirk glances at him another moment, then turns to the Main Viewer himself, watches in frustrated helplessness.
He punches in a three digit code.
Immediately a HUMMING SOUND emanates from the shower stall, Kirk closing the door, but 'Ilia" remaining inside.
rocked about by the furious powerfields -- with frightening displays of ray energy.
Kirk follows fast: wryly reacting to this: as Kirk looks at Spock, Kirk's whole expression convey- ing the obvious question: "What the hell do we do now?"
He looks clean, but when he turns around dog shit is smashed all over his back and butt.
Craig slams the door and starts towards the truck.
He stops in his tracks; grabs his eyes and screams like a woman.
SMACK!
SMACK!
SMACK!
Day-Day is starting to get mad.
You can feel the tension.
He slams the door, starts the car and backs up.
His eavesdropping is interrupted by a loud KNOCK on the door.
The KNOCKING gets LOUDER.
The DELIVERY GUY, a thirtysomething asshole with tight shorts and a buzz cut, is looking into the house.
"DELINQUENT!
YOUR HOUSE WILL BE SEIZED AND He SLAMS the DOOR.
On his exit, he hangs himself on the "fuck swing" and hits the floor with a thud.
Smack!  Debo slaps him again.
Debo slaps him again.
Ezal gets in and slams the door shut.
Wrong!
The knocking gets louder.
Roach pulls out a big, smashed brownie with green shit in it.
The CAMERA PANS UP TO PINKY (35.), the asshole owner.
Debo and Ezal are smashed inside the dog cages.
When he gets to the door, it's locked.
Craig has a twinkle in his eyes and Roach walks over, pissed.
He SLAMS the DOOR.
Roach grabs the smashed brownie out of his pocket and throws it to Cheeco.
Craig walks over and shuts the door gently.
She screams.
There's a KICK on the door.
BANG!
Smashing Craig behind it.
Two angry Mexicans, three half-naked Girls, plus Day-Day and Roach in the middle.
Li'l Joker grabs Day-Day and tapes his mouth shut.
He stops in the middle of the yard.
Joker is pissed.
He grabs a knife and starts to cut them loose.
And he's mad as hell.
Day-Day shuts the door.
She takes the money.
He pushes aside a table that is hiding a hatch in the floor and unlocks it by turning the hatch's wheel.
All we can see is the cinder block wall behind them and the hatch door, which Calvin begins to shut by putting his body into it.
Just then there is a TREMENDOUS DOUBLE EXPLOSION FROM ABOVE which knocks them to the floor.
The Jerk puts his hands to his ears, he so hates the new music.
Until finally the HYDRAULIC DOORS of the back entrance SPLIT THE FLOOR with an eerie, struggling whine and LARGE CHUNKS OF CEMENT GO FLYING.
Helen let's out a silent scream, then hurries back into the kitchen.
The man and his wife take that the wrong way and start to scream.
Adam turns to her and is immediately awe struck.
He gets out with the suitcase, and after shutting the door leans down to speak to her.
Adam abruptly shuts the door in the man's face.
Eve hates it.
The guys shut up.
TROY, HER GAY ROOMMATE, throws together a tray of appetizers as dinner cooks on the stove.
Soda Jerk and TEN OF HIS FOLLOWERS stand up expectantly and anxiously.
He surfaces and throws his fists in the air.
Eve hates Sophie.
Eve puts her hand to her head -- hating herself and still not  sure exactly why.
It makes Eve mad and astonishes Troy, Jason and Jonathan.
Eve SCREAMS BLOODY MURDER as she throws open her door and jumps out into the street where she falls down, hurting her knee.
She shuts the door.
Aron yells for him to stop.
The Bank Customer sits down in the sectioned off waiting area as Carl stands in the middle of the floor.
Carl refuses the pamphlet.
Carl's watching Hell's Kitchen and eating a frozen pizza.
There's a knock on the door.
You're watching Hell's Kitchen.
I hate meeting people.
How the hell did that happen?
Instead of "Jump", Sanji's yelling "Yes!" Sanji pumps his fist in the air as lame indoor fireworks GO OFF.
He is annoyed.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
The Brutish Boyfriend PUNCHES Carl in the head.
He knocks on Room 125.
He mouths the word "fuck."
However, it is a quiet, angry drunk, not a fun-loving drunk.
The room is piled floor to ceiling with boxes.
I don't know why I should be taking advice from a guy who's wife is pissed he's not involved at all with the wedding planning.
I'm involved.
Seung Kim slaps five with his compatriots.
Her middle seat's BOOKENDED by a MOM with a SCREAMING BABY and an ENORMOUS MAN.
The tractor IMMEDIATELY GETS AWAY FROM HIM.
The Bad Cop SLAMS his fist down on the table.
As Carl writes the following email, we cuts of him THROWING AWAY THE BOXES OF STUFF HE BOUGHT OVER THE INTERNET and GIVING AWAY THE SIX KITTENS HE GOT TO Carl angrily flips off his computer.
Chris SLAPS FIVE with Carl.
A guard with a MACHINE GUN opens up.
An empty gymnasium except for a shirtless MIKE O'DONNELL, 17. Mike stands feet BEYOND the 3 point line, grabs balls from a hopper and rapidly shoots, shoots, shoots.
Scarlet shakes her head in frustration.
Ed throws a knee into Mike's nuts, bolts out the door SCREAMING.
Mike screams.
Julie shuts the door, shakes her head in disbelief.
WE can see Mike's blood BOIL until- Oops.
Defeated- Stan takes Mike's hat off, picks up an ice cream from Maggie's tray, puts the ice cream in the hat, places it back on Mike's head and SMUSHES it down.
The Bras immediately stop bickering, ogle the phone.
Mike slams his locker shut.
The doors slam open.
He and Mike move towards the door.
Blind with RAGE, Mike RUSHES Stan... WHAM...tackles him hard to the floor.
Jazz and Kevin throw Mike off Stan, punching and kicking him.
The principal's door opens, an angry Scarlet steps out.
Whenever he messes up, Mike makes him start again.
Mike feeds him balls.
Scarlet walks towards him and... SLAM...shuts the door on him.
Maggie slips in behind him, shuts the door.
Mike slams the door.
A SALESMAN waits by the door.
Ed screams, grabs Mike's tits and TWISTS.
Stan ducks, throws a giant uppercut.
POW.
Julie throws her napkin on the table.
An angry Maggie storms down them.
A furious Ed screams- Nobody flinches.
Before Mike can protest- Mike turns.
SLAP.
SLAP, SLAP, SLAP.
SLAP.
TONY rushes over to the "freak", who is too strung out to defend himself, smashes the needle, and slaps him around.
TONY crosses over to one of the neighborhood guys by the bar and slaps him in the back of the head knocking off his hat.
CHARLIE joins in, immediately taking on the mood of the group.
The GIRL screams.
Instead, he turns and grabs the BOY by the throat.
The door is opened immediately which startles him.
A loud scream is heard from the bathroom.
Screams are heard.
CHARLIE can no longer control the situation as tempers rise.
The boys stop fighting immediately as they see the cops.
CHARLIE yells at him.
Tires screech and exhaust fumes fill the air.
TERESA screams.
JOHNNY BOY is interrupted by CHARLIE'S fist as it lands a solid punch on the right side of his hand.
CHARLIE is furious.
CHARLIE screams as the blood streams out.
CHARLIE smashes JOHNNY BOY against the door sending resounding echoes into the street.
CHARLIE smashes him against the door again--again the crashing sound reverberates in the empty street.
Again, JOHNNY BOY is thrown up against the door.
CHARLIE slaps JOHNNY BOY and pushes him against the door again.
The girl looks at him, first embarrassed, then annoyed.
CHARLIE has been thrown from the car.
He is on the yellow letters "FIRE LANE."
CHARLIE is motioned through by a cop, who shuts the door immediately behind him.
CHARLIE in car - more upset.
There is a knock at the door.
Craig lets go of the door and it slams shut.
The door slams shut behind him.
The door slams shut.
Traffic whizzes by.
Lotte screams.
Craig cocks the pistol.
There is a sucking sound.
He's tense.
She dials her phone, opens her cage, puts phone to her ear.
The chimps are screaming as the safari men tackle them and tie them up.
Suddenly Malkovich stops and runs to the office door screaming a bloodcurdling scream.
Lester crawls into the tunnel, the door slams behind him.
There is a knock at the door.
Maxine opens it, angry.
Truman and Malkovich both take stabs at British accents.
Malkovich is in convulsions on the floor.
The 7 1/2 floor is gone.
We hear the roar of a V8 engine, piped out through some throaty, fucked up muffler, as An '89 Mustang bursts like a shot over a rise in the highway.
The Mustang stops outside The Driver jumps out of the car.
Right now, he is tired and unamused, wearing a red "Giorgio's Trattoria" hat and a sweaty matching t-shirt.
Will storms off.
He makes his fingers into a gun, puts it to his head... pulls the trigger and A watermelon explodes in a shower of red, juicy bits.
We hear a girl scream bloody murder!
The guys get in a shitty Ford Aerostar minivan and peel out.
You sneaky son of a bitch... you want to fuck my sister, don't you?
You're a sexual fucking deviant.
Fuck you.
Fucking sue me.
Will storms out.
A chloroform soaked rag.
Dwayne shakes his head like Will is an idiot.
Teddy Ruxpin explodes.
Dwayne throws Will his car keys.
Dwayne pulls out the gun and fires two shots at Will's feet.
It screeches to a stop, tires smoking.
There is a knock at the door.
Chet leads a jumpy Will into Chet shuts the door behind them.
The guys get to Will's car.
Will gets in the car and shuts the door.
Will heaves a frustrated sigh.
The door is shut.
Chet shuts his laptop.
Chet offers a stock reassurance - Chet looks on as his friend begins to sob.
Chet touches up one of the guns, goes to flip it over.
Will puts a ski mask on, then throws one to Chet.
Dwayne pulls out his cell phone, punches in the speed dial code.
The guys stop as they get to the door.
They all just want to get done with their shit and go home, when - Will and Chet burst through the bank doors, guns in hand.
People scream.
Will points his gun right at him.
Will grabs it.
Will loses his shit - People are freaked out.
Chet grabs Will and pulls him toward the door.
Dwayne whirls on Jay, punches him hard in the shoulder.
Jay massages his shoulder, pissed.
Chet freaks out as they hurtle toward lunchtime traffic.
Will is wild eyed, punching the gas.
The other slams into parked cars.
Will jumps the curb to avoid slow-moving traffic, slams into a newspaper dispenser.
The Datsun is sent spinning like a fucking top.
The guys scream as the car continues to slide, upside down, out of control.
He sucks in air.
The guys get in.
Will pulls the slip of paper Dwayne gave him from his pocket.
Will picks up the garbage bag at his feet and walks it over to Vaughn.
Juicy gets to her feet, runs right by a dazed Vaughn and after the car, which pulls out into the road and leaves her behind, screaming and cursing.
He answers - Will yells into the phone - Dwayne is panicked, covers badly - Chet freaks out - Dwayne is getting pissed off.
He explodes like a pack of Mentos in a two-liter of Diet Coke.
Jay pulls the cell from Dwayne's pocket... opens it and puts it to his ear so he can answer - Vaughn has a rag pressed to his swollen, bloody face.
Vaughn yells into his cell - Dwayne realizes who's on the other line, recovers - Vaughn paces, furious.
Vaughn hangs up, tosses the bloody rag to the ground and screams in frustration.
Vaughn pulls back the hammer of his gun.
The Major charges Vaughn, jumps on him and wrestles him to the ground, trying to jam the pen into the wound in his neck.
Takes out his gun and blows it open.
Flips through it.
He crumples the map and throws it in back.
Will grabs her, pulls her blindfold off and pushes her behind him.
Kate screams.
Vaughn points the gun at her and she shuts up.
SOUND SLAMS BACK to the tune of Jay's screams.
He flashes a sick grin - Before Dwayne can get a shot off - An explosion rocks the minivan from inside.
The TRAFFIC NOISE is loud and irritating.
ARIANE is LT's mistress.
The OWNER protests wildly in Korean as the flustered COP ushers him into a waiting SQUAD CAR.
TWO KIDS are raping a NUN, attacking the SECOND NUN, and shitting on the ALTAR.
They steal PURPLE ROBES and the CHALICE.
A CARTOON EXPLOSION wakes LT.
DOORS SLAM (OFF.).
They burst into the LIVING ROOM, loud as Hell.
LT is furious.
LT slips a HUNDRED DOLLAR BILL into VERONICA'S well-filled LT saunters up to the MURDER CAR, DEAD WILLIE still in the front seat.
LT slips it under his COAT and emerges from the MURDER CAR.
An outright lie.
LT exploits his cop privileges; shows his BADGE to the GUARDS.
LT drives, DRUNK and fired-up.
The GIRLS are smashed.
He collapses immediately into a PEW.
The interrogators become increasingly frustrated.
COP 2 is screaming mad, but tries to hide it.
He mumbles to himself.
Screaming CURSES, he drives through the streets, careening like a madman.
LT is dressed to kill.
In other places, MOPS and SLOPPY BUCKETS of SHIT- WATER wait for someone to finish cleaning up.
Cut from THE NUN to -- CU - LT fucking a NUN.
The CROWD vents its rage.
A CODED KNOCK on the DOOR.
He immediately pulls the DRAPES.
AT THE BUS: He makes them board at GUN POINT.
He knocks on a door.
He nods curtly at Kafka, and shuts his door.
The Assistants make stupid faces at each other behind his back, but look serious again when he turns around.
The Fat Men all try to stand up at once but -- BOOM!  Their booth explodes with them in it.
Fire in his wake.
Kafka stops in front of the table.
They hush up immediately when they notice him, and are pretending to work when he arrives.
She storms out, vehemently picking up her bag on the way out, and slamming the door quakingly behind her.
Rushing down the stairs in anger, tearing open the door at the middle landing and slamming that one too once past it.
The front door at the end of it is shut.
Deserted.
Deserted.
Looks up from his desk and sticks his chin out, which is his way of asking Kafka what the hell he wants.
Kafka dares to come in.
Kafka shuts the door behind him, breathes a sigh of relief.
Looking very annoyed, leading Kafka back through the stacks.
He has a fit and crumples it up and throws it down.
The Assistants do as they're told, Oskar returning to his desk to clear up, turning his back on Ludwig -- at which Ludwig  immediately rushes up very close behind him and shakes his fist strenuously at him, turning away quickly when Oskar turns around again to try and catch Ludwig at it.
When the office bell RINGS the Chief Clerk immediately turns off his desk lamp, puts on his overcoat, and shuts his office light on his way out.
Kafka stops at the anarchists' table.
A sudden door SLAM.
Kafka walks slowly, straining his neck a bit in expectation of whatever lies ahead.
The knife is gone from his sheath and his scull is caved in, a wooden stool lying on the floor beside him.
The body of Mr. Pick, bloody and ragged, is dragged up with a SMASH through a breaking floor-panel by the great chain.
He knows there's no way out and he's far too practical a man to waste energy running or screaming.
Kafka running through the Castle, through door after door after door after door, leaving them all banging behind him, back and forth.
Kafka stops.
We hear screaming.
The VAST and insane kingdom of Hell.
THWACK!
Dad's eyes flash red and Cassius punches himself hard in the nose, sending him back against the wall and down to the floor.
Cassius throws a rock at the Monster.
We keep HEARING people hit behind the frozen fire with loud thuds.
A BLIND PREACHER rants outside the entrance.
Beefy hears Nicky's strange terrible snores.
They both high five, throw up and fall.
Staring at the ball, it explodes.
The court announcer throws out another ball.
He emits a crazy, blood curdling, devil yell.
He ends his flight by slamming down a thunderous dunk, cracking the backboard's glass into pieces.
Cassius screams like bloody hell as he is sucked out of the ref's mouth and into the bottle.
The Gatekeeper throws his hand down and storms out.
It is hot down there.
He grabs her by the throat.
Adrian comes flying through the solid firefall into Hell.
There's a knock on the door.
His eyes shoot out an evil ray.
The evil Dwarf stops beating her up and holds her hand.
Adrian punches Nicky hard in the jaw.
Nicky thinks quick and pulls out the BALL his Mom gave him and smashes it on the ground.
Valerie smashes the rock on Nicky's head, killing him.
Up to the North, the expansive dry lands of Somalia and Ethiopia.
The two chunks of debris explode into a million pieces of shrapnel, one of which- HITS Shariff's helmet, breaking through the glass and hitting his head like an expansive bullet.
Ryan cannot repress the anger boiling up, and SHE SCREAMS- As Matt accelerates toward a lower orbit, his momentum takes over, steadying Ryan's swing.
Ryan pulls herself up and looks- The cabin has been destroyed.
Her brain is shutting down from lack of oxygen.
She fastens her feet to a strap on the floor, and- SPRAYS the extinguisher at the fire.
The pieces expand away from the Station.
She bangs down on the control panel in frustration-- Inside the capsule, through the portal, Ryan hits and hits, bouncing around the confined space of the cabin and venting all her anger, until she herself is out of fuel.
Ryan's lump in her throat is washed away by a gentle sob.
Ryan punches a new set of commands.
The glass visor is steaming up.
The two fragments of the Tiangong follow, spinning in a rage of sparks and fire.
The spinning is punishing.
The TWO FRAGMENTS COLLIDE and EXPLODE into a ball of fire that breaks into many pieces.
The capsule escapes the inferno as the debris crumbles in a final explosion expelling- A VERY SMALL PIECE OF DEBRIS that- SHOOTS towards the Shenzhou and- SKIMS its surface, tearing one of the outer shields.
A SECOND PARACHUTE expands.
Tom rises from a table and is immediately at her side.
She crosses out.
Our "chase scene" as Blair soars through the newsroom, leaping a chair smoothly, smashing her leg against a table in full flight, the adrenaline deadening the pain -- she arrives at a waiting elevator -- uses a key dangling from her neck to unlock it...  jumps nervously during the ride and now, in FULL EXTENDED FLIGHT, barrels down the long corridor heading to the control room where she arrives; slamming the tape into a technician's hand even as it is introduced on the air.
The Camerawoman punches a button and immediately Buddy's image comes up on a standing monitor on the studio floor.
Aaron is having a hard enough day,  He is visibly annoyed.
He crosses to her.
He moves with her towards the door.
As she SCREAMS INTO the phone -- this is more than volume, she is over-the-top livid, her face red, neck cords popping.
MOVING CAMERA FROM Tom's left profile TOWARDS HIS RIGHT PROFILE, TAKING IN THE Production Assistant who madly shuffles pages, even as Tom talks on camera, the monitor through which he sees the subject of his interview at the Pentagon, the clusters of a assistants on the floor and now WE CONTINUE TO CIRCLE BEHIND him, beginning to SEE the Control Room in the b.g. and as we MOVE IN TOWARDS HIS EAR, the white ear piece firmly in place, we BEGIN TO HEAR, the barely audible crackle of Jane's VOICE as she tells him roughly what to say and how long he has to say it.
She steals a glance at her watch.
ON the DRIVER'S annoyed look.
Tom is getting pissed.
She continues to clamp her mouth shut as he exits the car, opens her door and then begins to half carry, half pull her out.
He interrupts.
Punching the first words.
She elbows him.
She KNOCKS on the DOOR.
She is getting pissed.
A CAR DOOR SLAMS in the street below -- he goes towards the window which is blocked by his sofa -- puts his knees in and looks out.
As she enters -- goes immediately to the phone.
Jane smiles -- Aaron has grown suddenly angry.
He too is frustrated -- pissed off at her. Jane moving quickly along towards the metal detectors.
Furious, Jacob walks down 6th ave with his phone to his ear.
After a beat, with his anger brewing...  Jacob SLAMS his phone down on the ground and it shatters.
And there's a loud knock on the door.
No swagger in his step...  not in a suit... hair not slicked back...  but still looks fucking good.
And he shakes his head in anger and frustration...
And Jacob sucks in a deep breath -- containing his anger.
As they walk the hardwood floor...
And with each passing moment of realization...  shock turns into rage.
As the fireworks explode into their finale...
A fire burning in the fireplace.
As Oleg shakes cocaine out of an envelope...  Jacob takes a beat, swallows nervously, then... Bretton flashes Jacob a look...  "What the hell are you doing?" Jacob swallows back some nerves then continues... Oleg looks up to Jacob from the line of coke with interest.
There's a knock on his door.
Fighting back the nerves...
Under the caption "A few weeks later at the bank... " Banker Man now stands over a pile of steaming shit.
Under the caption of "Smart People Investment Bank" Smart Man stands over the same steaming pile of shit.
The final frame Just the rendering of that steaming pile of shit under the caption...  "The End."
Now he picks up the chair...  ... throws it against the window...  which cracks.
As he punches the monitor of Jacob's Bloomberg...
And as that hangs...
She takes off the "fuck you" ring... ...  and places it into his palm.
And Jacob stops walking when he sees... a group of angry depositors forming outside and a sign hanging in the doorway...  "Closed."
He flips through the Locust Fund trading ledgers, shaking his head in disbelief.
The dumpster lid BANGS shut, reopens a beat later.
A moment of calm until two garbage bags SLAM against the inside of the lid.
It falls shut with a CLANG.
He shuts the lid with care.
Ted flips the file shut.
He trots down the walk as Margaret shuts the door.
Raymond, furious, grabs his brother by the lapels and throws him roughly to the floor.
THE BACON HAT -- as Paul pulls it snug on the corpse's head.
Boyle stops him.
As Ted gets his last shot, Boyle covers the body back up and slides the drawer shut with a loud CLANG.
And with that, Paul opens his front door and ducks inside, quickly shutting it behind him.
She SLAMS the door.
Annoyed, he puts his hand over the receiver.
Gary stands, pissed off, gun aimed at Margaret's head.
Gary ducks as the phone whizzes over his head and smashes against the garage wall.
Margaret's mouth is taped shut.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
Paul, agitated, pulls the blinds shut.
The door CLANGS shut behind Paul as he dials his cell phone.
Jimbo, annoyed, puts the gag back in Margaret's mouth.
Paul shuts the door.
Arnith is at the controls, expertly maneuvering the shovel end towards the unmarked grave.
Holy shit.
Finally, his only recourse is to hurry out the door which shuts with a BANG.
As the camera rushes the mobile home, from inside comes the sounds of a very angry man.
Raymond stands in the doorway, a mountain of anger in a hastily pulled on parka.
Paul, Gary and Jimbo watch, transfixed at the down-parka'd shit-storm that is headed their way.
Gary's hand slips into his pocket, grabbing hold of his gun.
The punch hits Paul on the top of his head.
It looks ridiculous in his huge hands.
Jude cocks one eye upward.
The tallest of them, Fergus, cocks the gun.
On the floor of the car Jody lies, with three pairs of feet on top of him, a black bag over his head and the barrel of a gun dangling close to his face.
She is screaming and the room is alive, each man awake, grabbing guns, screaming.
What the fuck do you know about my people?
Shut the fuck up, would you?
What the fuck am I doing here.
What the fuck were you doing here?
Jody now pisses with immense relief He shakes his body.
Fergus screams in fury after him.
Maguire, Jude, and the others on the floor, scrambling for weapons.
They stop outside a door.
Fergus takes a bunch of flowers from behind his back.
Upstairs, Dil closes the window shut.
She puts her mouth close to his ear.
She crouches on the floor.
Fergus slams the door shut.
She grabs him to stop him.
The car stops.
Fergus looks at her expressionlessly.
Dil is lying back on it.
She takes a gun from under the bed and slips it in her handbag.
Mayhem, screaming.
Dil rises from the bed and points her gun at Jude.
Dil fires, hits Jude.
Fergus screams As she raises the gun, Dil shoots her repeatedly, saying: Fergus screams from the bed.
He picks up the gun, wipes it with a rag to remove Dil's fingerprints.
Alma notes Hitchcock's look of frustrated envy as CREW MEMBERS bustle in and out of STAGE 15.
He produces the manila envelope from behind his back and empties THE HORRIFICALLY GORY CRIME SCENE PHOTOGRAPHS inside onto the coffee table.
It is a classic Hitchcock moment, a character needing to get someplace being held up by someone who wants to chat -- Hitch smiles tightly and extricates himself, heading on to the kitchen through more annoying guests -- Whit leans against the stove watching Alma expertly arrange the next round of hors d'oeuvres coming in from the kitchen.
He shuts the door.
boiling with rage as we hear the flurry of script pages -- Sunlight filters through sheer curtains revealing Hitchcock trying his best to recline on an ANALYST'S COUCH.
It's hot in here.
A door is quietly shut and locked.
Pulls the dress off her head and drops it on the floor.
Hitch recoils but she LURCHES UP and GRABS his throat.
But he still watches VERA over the top of his newspaper as the A.D. leads her through the maze of hazardous cables and light stands towards the fitting room.
Hitch knocks at the door.
Hitchcock stops.
Pulls out a CELERY STICK from one of the bags and bites it.
Hitch studies the back of her tiny, vulnerable neck, the delicate sinews and muscles as they rise and flex.
It's hard to tell whether she's more angry at the photos or the fact that they've been deliberately left for her to find...  Alma takes off an earring, picks up the phone and starts to dial...
He takes the key and opens the liquor cabinet ignoring the INSISTENT KNOCKING at the door -- He pours himself five fingers of scotch.
She quietly slips into the bathroom and shuts the door before turning the light on.
As Janet slips on her robe, a MOLESKIN TRIANGLE PLOPS onto the floor.
Naked and exposed, Janet defends against the knife blows as they come at her but Margo's still pulling her punches-- He charges over to Margo to demonstrate the savage stabbing gesture he demands.
Hitchcock stabs him with unleashed fury and hate.
Hitchcock stops stabbing.
Peggy and Perkins to react to the noise...
They come through the door to see Hitch lying on the floor.
Hitch lies slumped on the floor.
He's in a terrible mood."
Hitch slams down the phone.
Then Alma steps in the door, and everything stops.
She reaches for the ASPIRIN BOTTLE to throw it away but Hitch grabs it first -- He quivers, livid.
LOUD KNOCKING at the FOOTSTEPS thunder above him.
Before Peggy can deny it the argument flares through the wall.
Balaban shuts the pamphlet.
Automatics, loading and cocking them.
Brett SCREAMS, breaking into a SHAKING/TREMBLING SPASM in the chair.
We DOLLY INTO CU on Butch, left alone in the FRAME, looking like he's ready to go into the manners-teaching business.
Butch makes the wise decision that is this asshole's a friend of Marsellus, he better let it go  for now.
Decor out of an "Archie" comic book, Golden Oldies constantly emanating from a bubbly Wurlitzer, saucy waitresses in bobby socks, menus with items like the Fats Domino Cheeseburger, or the Wolfman Jack Omelet, and over prices that pay for all this bullshit.
We follow behind Vincent as he walks from the bathroom to the living room, where he finds Mia lying on the floor like a rag doll.
He punches a number.
With a bunch of junk in it.
As he continues searching, flipping and knocking over shit, Jody appears in the doorway.
Lance angrily knocks over a pile of shit and leaves the SHOT heading for the living room.
His trainer KLONDIKE, an older fireplug, opens the door a little, sticking his head in the room.
A gym bag is tossed out into a garbage dumpster below the window.
Locker room door opens, English Dave fights his way through the pandemonium which is going on outside in the hall, shutting the door on the madness.
In the room, black boxer FLOYD RAY WILLIS lies on a table dead.
ON TV: WILLIAM SMITH and a BUNCH OF HELL'S ANGELS are taking on the entire Vietnamese army in the film "THE LOSERS".
Butch freaks out, he punches the air.
Fabienne SCREAMS and backs into a corner, Butch picks up the motel TV and THROWS IT AGAINST the wall.
Rising from the floor.
What he sees is a small compact Czech M61 submachine gun with a huge silencer on it, lying on his kitchen counter.
MUFFLED FIRE SHOOTS out of the end of the gun.
This jerk's yelling makes Marsellus come to.
Butch is in a mad, limping RUN.
The gangster's feet go out from under him and the big man FALLS FLAT on his back.
Butch POUNCES on the fallen body, PUNCHING him twice more in the face.
Butch takes the gun out of Marsellus' hand, than grabs ahold of his middle finger.
Maynard opens a trap door in the floor.
Butch is out of his chair, quickly dispensing three BOXER'S PUNCHES to its face.
The punches knock The Gimp out, making him fall to his knees, this HANGING HIMSELF by the leash attached to the hook, Butch removes the ball gag, then silently makes his way through the red curtains.
Bursting out the door and blowing them all away while they're fuckin' around is the way to go.
He SCREAM until he's dry firing.
Jules takes out a cellular phone and starts punching digits.
The garbage bag is tossed in the car trunk on top of Marvin.
The Wolf SLAMS is closed.
He pulls it out, COCKING IT.
The Patrons SCREAM.
It's broken.
Susie stops.
It's LOUD.
Jack stares at the angry SEA, LOUD even through the thick glass.
Distracted.
Jack flings Frank against the wall, pounding, pulling and slamming him in a fitful rage.
Susie stops.
Kale opens his mouth to scream as a shrill bell RINGS!
Kale shuts his eyes, frustrated at the interruption.
GUNFIRE and EXPLOSIONS BLARE over his stereo speakers.
Kale throws a mini-fit, slams the controller to the floor.
The door CREAKS open to reveal Hardwood floor.
He gently pulls the door shut.
Kale looks down, finally realizes this -- but there's another problem -- his socks are smothered in SLIMY DOG SHIT.
He glances to the ANKLE BRACELET: Kale races back down the street, his shit-stained feet leaving tracks as he goes.
Freezes at the sight of the sopping wet, shit-and-grass-stained Kale.
Kale flips the phone shut, collapses to the bed -- PRELAP - The doorbell RINGS.
We PULL BACK to REVEAL Kale's emerging KITE STRING PERIMETER -- a crude SEMI-CIRCULAR ARC around the yard tied off at different points using makeshift "stakes" -- gnomes, mallets, shovels, screwdrivers...  Same "BOUNDARY CONSTRUCTION" here.
She sets them on the drive, SLAMS the liftgate.
Kale tilts his head up, curiously gazing through the pair of OPEN WINDOWS on the SECOND FLOOR of Ashley's house.
Looking pissed.
Ashley SLAMS the door behind him, flips off the TV, storms in the bathroom and SLAMS that door, too.
Kale pushes past her, starts grabbing underwear and garbage off the floor.
BINOCULAR POV - Ashley catches a glimpse of a faded TEXAS THEIR POV - Giles' garage door finally SLAMS CLOSED.
Kale tries to get Ashley's attention, but she's not looking -- CU - ASHLEY'S HAND - she reaches for the car keys -- CLOSER - ASHLEY'S FINGERTIPS barely TOUCH them when -- GILES' HAND - suddenly SWOOPS IN from O.S., BRUSHES ASHLEY'S FINGERS just before grabbing the keys and swiping them back to his side!
Damn.
The BULB shatters on the floor, throwing the living room into total darkness.
He turns back to the door just as IT SUDDENLY PUSHES OPEN, SMACKING KALE IN THE FOREHEAD!
Ashley glares, furious.
Glaring.
ON THE SCREEN - As Kale clicks pages, we see FLASHES of CRIME SCENE PHOTOS from the three murders -- the bodies of the three redheads -- BLOODIED, BRUISED...  ON KALE - he doesn't blink as he clicks on ONE PHOTO after the OTHER.
Kale quietly enters and shuts the door.
Ronnie gently pulls the door shut.
Shit.
Giles' GARAGE DOOR SLAMS SHUT.
Grabs it.
Fuck it.
But a ROLL OF THUNDER drowns our Kale's voice -- Ronnie throws a bag of popcorn in the microwave, punches the clock.
Shit.
Giles knocks it away as Kale BOLTS for the back door, throws it open.
Workers hustle to get their coats and punch out.
As his turn arrives to punch out he receives a rough knock by two guys play-fighting behind him.
He stands in the middle of a prefab/pre-furnished kitchen, living room area.
Walter gets up and slams out the door.
There is a knock on the door.
His anger wells and he snaps.
Convicted 1988 for sexual abuse of minors, five counts, released...
There's a loud KNOCK at the door.
Vicki throws the papers at Bob and storms out.
Slowly, he begins to sob.
The sound of TRAFFIC fades in.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
Annette gets in the car, slamming the door.
top.location.href=location.href
He locks the door, slips the key under the doormat.
She points to his exposed vest.
He exits, shutting the door.
Dobisch shuts the door in her face.
Putting on his raincoat and hat, Bud opens the hall door, takes the key from the table, shoves it under the doormat.
Dobisch nudges her inside with his knee, kicks the door shut behind him.
He takes his hat off -- he is the only one.
Fran shuts the doors.
She shuts the doors.
In the middle of this melee, buffeted by the throng, stands Bud, in raincoat and hat, looking anxiously for Fran.
Retrieving his hat and coat from the checkroom girl, Sheldrake steers Fran through the door.
He gets in beside Fran, shuts the door.
Bud Baxter, in raincoat and hat, is clearing out his desk.
Kirkeby signals to Vanderhof, who shuts the door.
She puts the record on, starts the machine -- the music is JEALOUS LOVER.
Bud switches on the light, shuts the door.
Fran's head droops to one side, like a rag doll's.
Bud slams the door shut, starts toward the bedroom.
She seems quite angry as she arrives at the door and rings the bell.
He shuts the door behind him.
Sheepishly, he takes out the blade he hid in his shirt pocket, inserts it in his razor, screws it shut.
She turns and walks out of the office, shutting the door.
Then he takes some pencils out of his breast pocket and drops them into a container on the desk, closes his account book, slams a couple of open file drawers shut.
He is in dinner clothes, topped by a paper hat.
Her paper hat lies abandoned on her vacated chair.
Fran comes in and Bud shuts the door.
He is boiling an egg, which he takes out of boiling water and puts on a sparkling clean plate.
HANNA is left alone.
The flat is without decoration, an enfilade of small rooms.
She puts one pair of knickers down, then does another.
The door slams.
The WORKMEN look up, curious, as MICHAEL flies by, slamming the outer door.
MICHAEL flaps it shut, puts it back and turns to go out.
The TEACHER breaks off.
The others are furious with him.
MICHAEL is irritated.
HANNA puts down her cup, angry.
She murmurs.
As ROHL and the STUDENTS arrive, the court is a melee of PHOTOGRAPHERS, LAWYERS and PUBLIC.
DIETER gets up, outraged now.
DIETER turns, furious.
The JUDGE waits.
The JUDGE waits.
Back in the courtroom, HANNA looks up to the JUDGE to stop the conference.
top.location.href=location.href
The three attendants put their mops and rags aside and start towards the men's dorm, leaving Bromden pressed against the wall, mop in hand.
He throws the whole bundle on the floor and walks out.
as McMurphy crosses down the hallway and stops at the mess hall door.
The door is locked.
Somewhere a DOOR is HEARD SLAMMING CLOSED and FOOTSTEPS are HEARD coming their way.
McMurphy moves in for the kill.
McMurphy stops dead in his tracks and flings the ball at Harding.
On the court, McMurphy throws the ball to Martini.
Martini throws the ball to McMurphy.
McMurphy throws the ball back to Martini.
Martini throws the ball into the stands.
Bromden turns and slams the ball into the basket.
Harding ignores McMurphy, as he runs by, and throws the ball to Bromden, who turns and slams the ball into the basket.
Bromden takes the ball at the foul line.
Rose SCREAMS.
Billy pitches forward and collapses on the floor, screaming, pounding his fists and feet against the floor.
Washington's words are cut off as, O.S., Nurse Pilbow SCREAMS...  a bloodcurdling scream.
Bromden snaps his fingers and slaps his thigh, then waits for McMurphy to follow suit.
A Middle-Eastern man in a cowboy hat is next in line.
A FEMALE PASSENGER sitting two rows back looks annoyed.
Cut.
The puck smacks the glass before them and another player skates up for it.
Stainer is immediately on his feet, climbing the glass and trying to pummel the huge player.
Stainer picks up a crappy, beat up ball from the ball return.
Stainer finishes the equation by writing, "Kirk = Fucked."
He climbs out and slams the door.
The chipped and faded lettering on the glass reads, "Maury Hammerstein, Attorney At Law - Aggressive, Dynamic Representation Since 1942!"
She nods back - polite but annoyed.
The maitre d is watching and getting angry.
Molly is getting irritated.
Kirk silently mouths, "MOTHERFUCKER!" at his mischievous little man.
3.) He throws away unhealthy snacks and treats from the cupboards.
Marnie drops the pot and it smashes on the floor in front of her.
Habib lets out a long irritated sigh.
Five men in flight suits and aviator sunglasses strut through the crowd in slow motion.
He crosses to her.
Annoyed, Kirk doesn't tap back.
Immediately Patty is behind Kirk, pushing him.
Stainer catches up to him and they walk down the busy curb at a quick, angry pace.
She is instantly on him, grabbing him in a headlock and punching him in the face.
Patty punches him again.
Stainer is appalled.
Eric is fuming.
The door slams.
There is a violent, violent storm.
It falls with a smack practically on top of Lila.
She screams, then defiantly stands, throwing off the sleeping bag.
A big display of the book "Fuck Humanity" by Lila Jute.
Lila lies on her back.
He looks confused, sticks his finger behind her ear, and pulls it out with a dab of shaving cream on it.
She sniffs the breeze, cocks her head, moves stealthily.
Puff cocks his head.
Footsteps and a door slam.
His face is set in a furious scowl and he drives fast.
Gabrielle gets mad, exhales sharply, pulls her hand away.
Gabrielle sits nearby on a stool, fish-netted legs crossed, arms crossed, and an angry expression on her face.
Nathan follows her angry, switching hips with his eyes, as does Puff.
There's a knock at the door.
The room is a mess.
There is a knock at the door.
Gabrielle and Puff perform expertly.
15.) Lila, in boxing gloves, punching a bag.
Puff gets out casually, then makes a mad dash for the road.
Lila turns, puts her finger to her lips in a gentle "no talking" reminder, then shocks the hell out of Puff.
It's a violent kiss.
Gabrielle steals glances at Nathan's parents.
He stops the car, pulls out a gun, and gets out.
He looks annoyed for a second, but then grabs a handful and squishes them against Lila's face.
The TV is on at a sports channel and two boxers pound the shit out of each other.
Ben lies still on the floor.
Yuri is very angry and as Sera hands him the money, he hits her, hard, knocking her back into the refrigerator.
Other guys come and go, pissing against the urinal.
He throws more stuff on and the fire blazes.
Takes out his money.
She kneels, unzips his fly and begins sucking him.
Both of them are momentarily exposed.
Yuri slaps her.
Yuri stops.
And she hails a taxi, which stops immediately and she gets in.
He slams the door.
And she begins sucking on his lobe.
His face fills with a drunken rage.
The Biker throws down his beer can and walks towards the bar.
His head cracks against the tiled floor.
The Biker walks over to him, picks him up by his shirt front and punches him in the nose.
Ben tries to order but becomes angry when she doesn't bring it straight away.
Blood mingles with the water on the steaming cement.
There is the sound of a punch.
top.location.href=location.href
He rides past a knot of angry beggars, moving through the streets breaking windows and scavenging for food.
He stops dead in his tracks.
Aramis staggers back and grabs a chair to throw it; Porthos picks up the whole table -- just as d'Artagnan enters.
Just as he takes the money, Porthos throws a haymaker; but Aramis sees the sucker punch coming and ducks.
On a narrow, filthy street, beggars bother the sullen city peasants who are weak with hunger themselves.
The mob is completely won over by d'Artagnan; the ruffian, angry that his riot is fizzling, raises his knife again over the soldiers, but now the point of d'Artagnan's sword flicks to the ruffian's neck.
The Musketeer leaves her alone, frozen in the center of the room, awed by the opulence.
The jailer leaves the cell, locking the door behind him.
From all around come sounds of battle, with the sporadic fire of muskets and the rumble of cannons; officers shout orders in the distance; wounded men nearby whimper for water and the officer leads Raoul by them as if they did not exist.
The young Staff Officer stops at a bend in the trench.
For an instant, Raoul hesitates in pure terror, then joins the charge with a shout of his own -- On the stone wall looming above the French soldiers, orange blossoms of fire -- the muzzle flash of primitive cannons -- penetrate the smoke, and the ground at Raoul's feet explodes, hurling him backwards.
Dead.
Athos punches d'Artagnan with furious strength, knocking him aside.
For a moment Athos bellows in rage -- Emotion spills up into Athos' throat, and he begins to sob.
Porthos follows Athos; Aramis and d'Artagnan are left alone.
Kicking Porthos' feet to wake him, Aramis opens the carriage door, and they step out...  Lying just off the coast is the forbidden island, where the imposing fortress prison rises on the promontory off shore.
Aramis rattles off a protest in Italian.
Aramis has a blacksmith waiting; almost before he realizes it the Man in the Iron Mask finds his head placed on an anvil; but as the hammer rises he begins to scream.
Athos, angry with Aramis' arrogance and insensitivity, leads the Man in the Iron Mask toward the house; then Aramis spots Porthos, looking downcast.
They are interrupted by Porthos' bloodcurdling SCREAM.
He stops, exasperated.
The King whirls as the doors explode inward and d'Artagnan barrels through.
He positions the point of his chisel against the lock of the mask.
Aramis stops thundering at Athos, and turns to Phillippe.
Porthos, grave with drama, utters his last words...
For a moment the whole pile lies silent; then suddenly it bursts apart and Porthos emerges, exploding with anger.
Then a third robber steps up behind them, cocking a pistol.
The pimp reacts with fury, drawing a pistol.
They cross themselves.
Aramis is out immediately.
The King shuts the door in d'Artagnan's face.
Aramis shuts the door again and turns to the others.
Athos whispers, though Phillippe can't hear...  Reluctantly, he shuts the door behind Phillippe.
But Michelle fights, slapping, clawing -- and when one of the young Musketeers grabs her from behind, his arm to her throat, Phillippe jumps up.
are tidying everything up; they have Louis gagged and trussed up hand and foot, his eyes flashing hatred.
Athos swats one swordsman with an oar; Porthos seizes the guard who has grabbed a hold of the boat and flings the man back into two of his comrades; Aramis grabs Louis by the hair and puts his dagger to his throat.
He kicks at the boat and struggles to stand, making the boat tip wildly and throwing everyone in it all around.
Aramis draws the dagger away from Louis' throat to keep from killing him, and d'Artagnan makes a grab at Louis and drags him onto the stone floor of the channel.
Phillippe's legs slip out of Athos' grasp, and the boat flashes downriver...  Aramis, Porthos and Athos have escaped... but Phillippe is captured, looking into the hate-filled eyes of his twin brother Louis. Louis is angrily climbing through the passageways, back up into the main floors of the palace, venting his emotions at d'Artagnan, just behind him; the young Musketeers with Phillippe, their prisoner, follow along further back.
Louis' young Musketeers retreat, to regroup. Louis is furious, jumping at Lieutenant Andre, who has dragged a wounded comrade back from the fight.
He leaps into Louis, overwhelming him in fury, wrenching the dagger from his brother's hand and gripping his throat.
We punch in to a CLOSE UP of a demure Miriam as the Hammer takes stock of the goods.
throws the yarmulke, and we FOLLOW it as it spins towards another TEENAGE GENTILE.
He looks pretty damn big and pissed off from this angle.
The Hammer tosses his Shtreml and we WHIP with it as lands squarely on the hat rack.
The Hammer walks into his private office and shuts the frosted glass door.
Their nameplates hang from their necks - "BLITZEN" and "RUDOLPH."
Damian walks over to the newly deceased Santa, takes his bloodstained Santa's hat, and put it on his own head.
His Shtreml hat is skewed to one side and a toothpick dangles from his lips.
There is knock at the door.
The Hammer quickly removes his feet from the table.
The Hammer shakes his head in frustration.
The Hammer enters and the Chief shuts the door behind him.
The front doors bust open, and we DOLLY into the Hammer.
The other Brothers put their guns down and go back to their pre-Hammer activities, and the accountant takes his place back at the card table.
Mohammed and the Hammer head towards the door.
The Hammer interrupts him by clearing his throat.
The family remains expressionless.
The glass in his mother's hand, slips from her grasp and shatters on the kitchen floor.
We hear the annoying beep, beep, beep door ajar sound.
The Hammer slaps him out of his spell.
More boos and protests of disapproval.
The Hammer rips off his baseball hat and T-shirt.
The Hammer takes out his gun and points it Santa.
He sees the Hammer with his gun pointed at Santa's head.
Trouble.
A dead end!
Harriet escorts the two into the passageway, and the door slides shut behind them.
As the Patron leaves, JOSHUA, another Hasidic man standing directly behind him takes his place at the Hammer's table.
She cuts him off.
She nails him again.
Without warning, Santa throws a fake punch at Rudolph's face, forcing the reindeer to flinch.
Santa's men quickly tie them up and duct tape their mouths shut as if out of 'Gulliver's travels.'
We do another QUICK PUSH into the Hammer as he turns towards Tiny Tim.
We hear the sounds of a whole lot of GUNS being COCKED.
Tiny Tim turns around to see the ENTIRE KWANZAA LIBERATION FRONT with their guns raised at him.
The Hammer looks at the blissfully ignorant Mo with empathy.
The Hammer points to above the door.
The Hammer shuts the door behind them.
The Hammer kicks open one of the doors, and enters as it shuts behind him.
The Hammer spots another door, violently kicks it open, and enters.
Again, the door shuts behind him followed by the sound of more INTENSE The Hammer exits.
Right before they reach him, the Hammer quickly pulls his Talis off of his neck and holds it outstretched, clotheslining the two off of their mopeds.
He stops dead in his tracks as he spots the Hammer.
Suddenly, Santa kicks the Hammer's gun out of his hand, and then draws a pistol from behind his belt and points it at him.
More screaming from Esther behind the door.
The Hammer kicks open the door.
The Hammer looks towards the source of the noise to see none other than JOSEPH LIEBERMAN.
Mun Chi, a forkful of food inches from his mouth, gets a whiff and then places the utensil down in angry frustration.
The Hammer Jewxploitation theme music begins to fade up.
Hal, wearing Sheriff's garb, storms towards Maggie's side of the copter as the engine shuts off and the rotor dies.
Gabe and Hal are one crack away from beating hell out of each other.
Hal throws off the men holding him back -- but instead of going at Gabe again, Hal throws Gabe a set of car keys.
Travers shuts the cases in turn, and locks each with an electronic key card, triggering a FLASHING RED LIGHT on the locks as he does.
Travers is instantly furious at the challenge to his authority.
Travers, angry, turns to Wright.
Travers looks dumbfounded -- then angry.
They now think Matheson is crazy too -- he looks nuts -- the other agents move behind him.
The pilot clicks the last of the three cases onto the cable and is about to put his harness on -- but behind him, Matheson shakily crawls to his feet, draws his gun, and SHOOTS the pilot in the back twice.
drops out of the plane, flailing -- if he's screaming, we can't hear it over the HOWLING of the storm -- Qualen and Travers are watching the whole plan unravel -- Qualen's jet sharply dips down and the cases start to slide over -- but at the same time -- Matheson, groggy, holds onto the doorway and FIRES a full clip from his automatic at Qualen's jet -- and counts down -- 0:02 -- 0:01 -- 0:00 -- and are destroyed as the charge DETONATES -- As promised, the Treasury jet is now plummetting as if it had no wings at all, levelling the angle between the planes -- the cases dangle precariously on the wire -- Matheson struggles to the cockpit and gets behind the controls -- as if that's going to do any good -- Qualen's jet is deliberately racing the disabled Treasury jet down, but it's hopeless -- there's no way to get underneath the falling jet long enough for the cases to slide over.
Travers holds his gun on Gabe, and motions up Travers nods -- Kynette pulls a roll of tape out of Gabe's confiscated pack and throws it to him.
He takes his gun, furious, and fires at where Gabe was hugging the wall -- it's now blanketed with snow.
Travers turns and pins Hal against the wall with the gun, ready to kill him too.
But he's stopped by Qualen.
Travers, furious, takes the gun out of Hal's face.
Travers runs over to the case, furious, and opens it.
Qualen is furious -- Gabe has escaped with the second case.
The expedition has holed up here for the night -- Travers and Qualen look upset.
Wright drags the protesting Davis out the door.
Travers, Qualen and the rest of the expedition head out of the shack, a little groggy.
Qualen walks up to Brett's corpse, blood steaming in the reddening snow, and kicks it over.
exhilaration turns to panic as he frantically pulls on the chute's guide lines -- but the more he does this, the faster the chute caves in -- he SCREAMS as the chute finally gives way and plummets right past who is powerless to do anything but watch -- falls the long, full five thousand feet, desperately, uselessly, pulling in the lines of the tattered chute until he's tangled in it like a shroud -- turns away -- he can't watch Evan hit bottom -- he grimaces and looks up with absolute hate at who doesn't see Gabe -- he's laughing at Evan's desperation, which ends as his death scream is cut off.
Hal looks as angry as Gabe.
who has heard this and is shaking with fury.
Travers approaches him, furious.
Dead end.
snaps the lighter shut, pockets it, and readies himself.
Kynette moves to the edge, lies flat, and looks down -- Maggie is climbing up, but she's still some way down -- and the hood of her parka has been pulled over her head.
reaches the edge of the crack and FIRES down into it -- -- bullets are RICOCHETING all over -- Gabe throws himself over Maggie to shield her.
We can see there are three holes punched in the snow along the crack's top -- Recognizably the part of the crack Gabe and Maggie dove into -- but perched on the edge is a block of plastic explosive -- the detonator LED races down -- 0:20 -- 0:19 -- has been punched in the snow at the center point of the crevice's top -- another bomb has been planted there -- at the opposite end of the crevice has a third timer tied to a third pack of plastics -- Qualen is staring at his watch, but pointing the others toward the buttress.
Kynette smashes Gabe's face with a devastating, brass-knuckled punch -- falls back, desperately grabbing at the walls to stop himself from going all the way down -- as he weakly tries to get up -- calmly opens his knife, and re-laces his fingers into its brass-knuckle handle.
Gabe throws a punch at Kynette's stomach, but there's no power to it.
Kynette hits Gabe with a brutal knuckle-duster punch -- Gabe flies back several feet, somehow managing to straddle the crack walls -- which are now four feet apart.
Kynette moves in for the kill.
Gabe stabilizes himself on Kynette's trapped arm and gets a little payback -- three solid roundhouse punches to Kynette's face -- he then climbs up his pinned opponent, stepping up on Kynette's stuck hand as if it were a piton.
Wright looks furious.
face shifts from incredulity to realization to rage.
Travers, furious, flings the door aside, jumps into the copter and starts the rotor.
Furious, Qualen FIRES at the rabbit -- it safely speeds away as Qualen smashes the useless tracer monitor and turns around.
Kristel solidly plants her feet firmly to shoot Gabe, but her feet sink through the crystallized snow cover -- -- Kristel completely disappears down through the snow as it collapses under her -- she's pulling the trigger and SHOTS go wild as she sinks and sinks -- who's had to drop flat on his stomach to avoid the same fate -- as he scrambles back to solid land, Kristel's SHOTS arc up through the snow toward him, and the snow crumbles around him -- but he bellies ahead as -- Kristel's GUNSHOTS slow, and finally, stop, the very last of them loosening the snow around -- that was obscured by snow was a tall, three-sided park service sign shouting "WARNING -- SNOWDRIFT -- DO NOT CROSS" in eight different languages.
starts running, but it's useless.
Qualen BLAZES the gun into the planks -- is clinging to the steel supports of the small bridge, several feet ahead of where his empty parka is being shredded by the FUSILLADE -- without the parka, Gabe is freezing, and too many bullets are coming too close for comfort as they RICOCHET on the bridge's supports -- stops firing and kicks away the planks, which are a tangle of toothpicks at this point -- Qualen bends down -- -- and sees there's nothing in the parka except for Gabe's back.
Gabe gets up from the spur and starts running back towards the woods -- several hundred yards from safety -- before he can get very far -- tops the precipice edge and, sweeping low over the snow, it gets between Gabe and the trees, cutting him off -- watch, powerless -- Ashen, hyperventilating, he's running on pure adrenalin and fury as he drives the stick forward -- is stiff-legging it toward the edge of the mountain -- but he's too banged up to run fast through the thick snow -- with its skids skipping just over the snow overtakes -- as he throws himself flat into the snow -- the front of the skid misses Gabe by inches as it blasts over him -- moves out over the precipice edge -- Travers banks it wide to circle back around for another run -- gets back up as the helicopter swings back behind him -- Hal rips the lining out of one of his pockets and stuffs it into one of the ammo clips -- Maggie stays back as he runs for all he's worth out into the clearing -- has circled back around, stopping at a hover far back in the clearing -- Travers intends to not just run Gabe over, but to run him off the edge as well -- lumbers as fast as he can towards the edge -- knows he has Gabe nailed -- he shoves the stick forward -- flies forward, skids just inches over the snow -- runs out to where Travers is heading -- he lights the cloth in the ammo clip -- as flies past Hal hurls the clip, with its cloth "fuse" burning down, into the doorless side of the copter -- -- the makeshift bomb bounces to the floor of the cockpit -- Travers sees it and looks down, but -- sputters out -- nothing but glowing embers in the cloth -- smiles -- nothing to worry about -- he speeds ahead -- as they slice through the top of the snow towards -- as he runs toward the mountain's edge -- it's just a couple of feet ahead, but the copter is a couple of feet behind -- -- as the copter overtakes Gabe, dipping even lower into the snow, he dives off the edge -- Gabe is at the ladder -- he falls the first twenty feet of the long drop, then grabs a rung on the cable ladder, very painfully stopping his fall -- but in the same split second -- skid meant to impale Gabe catches the top two rungs of the cable ladder -- -- caught in the rungs of the cable ladder, the helicopter keeps flying out over the abyss, but as it pulls the cable ladder, it pops out the bolts that hold the ladder in place, rung by rung -- -- still going full tilt, the copter strains against the ladder -- thirty feet of it tethers the copter to the wall -- -- and Gabe is dangling from the center of it.
Travers scrambles up through the cabin to go after -- -- Gabe, who is trying to get off the helicopter and onto a solid part of the ladder before the whole thing goes down --           Gabe jumps for the wall as Travers scrambles behind him and -- -- as the last rung supporting the copter snaps in two -- grabs hold of the ladder as plummets down -- but as it starts its fall -- leaps from the falling copter and grabs Gabe's leg -- Gabe struggles to support both of them, but Travers, weakened from his wound, loses his grip on Gabe's leg -- he stares up in terror at Gabe as he clutches Gabe's snow-slick boot -- Travers slides off and away -- Travers SCREAMING as he free falls, trailing behind the helicopter -- we follow the entire four thousand foot drop -- -- until the helicopter explodes when it hits the ground far below, and the fireball engulfs Travers just before he impacts into the explosion!
Immediately thereafter, he flips open the phone and puts the receiver in front of him.
He screams and flails his feet and hands wildly, banging them against the walls of the coffin.
He violently tosses and turns and screams at the top of his lungs, like an animal trapped in a cage.
He lies there, motionless.
This news calms Paul's nerves.
While turning, however, he inadvertently kicks the Zippo from the side of the coffin -- landing it on the floor, up against the glow stick -- and knocks over the flask.
He becomes frustrated as he fails to find what he is looking for.
He screams aloud, slamming his closed fist against the bottom of the coffin.
Darkness.
DESERT.
Air exploding out of his lungs.
It's a bit Punch and Judy if it wasn't so fucking serious.
Again he screams and screams.
He releases the tourniquet and as the blood flow returns a series of angry red lines establish themselves where he was sawing.
There's an angry looking black motherfucker of a cloud.
We tilt up, the sky is furious black, and murderous.
He pulls it towards him, luminous deathly white in the mud, and flat, and too big.
Aron gasps and throws his night bag off his head and to the floor.
The light is surreal, soft LCD hell.
He kills the image and snaps it shut.
Tangy and bitter, the saltiness makes him wince.
He shudders, it's ridiculous.
chattering, He pisses again 02.02=>03.03=>04.04
`Fuck Aron 05.05
It's swollen and angry red like an inflated prosthetic on top and around of his real hand.
MAD NOW.
The rage blooms purple in his mind.
Smash, Smash, Smash.
Fuck knows where the sweat is coming from but it's pouring out of him.
He mutters to himself.
He SCREAMS but there is no sound.
swings.
He curses and yanks again.
THUNK! is knocked from his steed.
restrain her.
This is THE PIT.
stares at him in hatred.
watching with disbelief.
He shrieks and flails about, into the screaming crowd.
stares at Ash with hatred.
She chokes.
It cracks.
begins to SCREAM.
And that's when it hits.
SCREAMS and jerks upward, slamming his bucket head into the stove pipe.
glances downward at the pitter patter sound of tiny feet. is dashing across the open expanse of floor.
He breaks his bonds an he hacks for breath.
It comes upon a crude wooden punch.
He emits a nasal SCREAM and shakes the pliers loose.
The Evil hand forms a fist and crushes the tooth to dust.
SSSSsssssssss! jerks his head free from the vice with a SCREAM.
The blast blows Evil Ash off his feet.
A burial place of evil.
It begins to suck things into it.
dead leaves and mist are sucked into the book.
He pulls free and snaps the book shut.
A violent storm in the distance.
The skeletal fists pepper Ash's face with punches.
With his tongue held, he tries to speak again, but the other skeletal hand slaps him, shutting him up.
His face has become a punching bag for the skeletal hands.
open his mouth wide with in a SCREAM!
swings down.
The sound of the FUSE BURNING is loud.
looks up as he hears...  Through the dust and smoke something appears...An iron beast... belching steam...It's angry iron blades whirling.
flips, crushes a group of Deadites against a wall, and explodes.
A sword comes up into frame, stabbing Arthur.
top.location.href=location.href
The man who got out of the car tries the woman's door, but it is locked.
The woman can hear the door being locked.
In the middle of the block on the right the cab pulls over and stops.
He opens up the office door next to Ed's and finds a heavy set woman screaming bloody murder as she is grabbing her buttock and lower back.
He throws her down on the floor in line between Ed's desk and the bullet hole in the wall.
She starts screaming immediately and struggles to get up.
Adam stands up trembling with anger.
While Adam, still fuming, waits for his car he notices the big limo standing off to one side.
Betty takes her coffee back into the living room, shutting the door behind her.
Again Ray punches in a code.
Gene grabs ahold of Adam, cocks back and slams his huge suntanned fist into Adam's face.
Gene blocks his punch and slams Adam again, knocking him down to the kitchen floor where he lands and spills the jewelry case.
Lorraine slams the door behind him.
Betty puts the hat over the purse in the hatbox and puts in back in the closet.
The door slams shut.
Betty hangs up the phone immediately.
She slams the door, but Kenny's foot stops it and pushes it back with a force that shakes the wall as the door slams open once again.
Kenny gets three punches in on Gene's head before Gene hits the ground unconscious.
She knocks mechanically on the door.
He knocks softly on the door.
Betty pulls a table knife out from behind her back.
The screen door slams.
Betty stands up immediately.
As scripted Betty pretends to pull the knife from behind her back, but wraps the knife around behind Jimmy and pulls him into a kiss.
The man in the black suit turns reacting to the noise and motion.
Rita is compelled to go in and as the door clicks shut she reacts to the smell.
We are framed on his back, his coat and hat.
Barton sticks his key in the lock of a door midway down the hall.
After a silent beat, he shuts them again.
The sound of the neighbor's door opening and shutting.
About three feet of the wall, where it meets the ceiling, is exposed.
After a moment, he cocks his head, listening.
Head cocked.
What's wrong?
He slams down the phone.
The referee enters, cropped at the knees, and throws counting fingers down into frame.
The German bucks and throws his opponent out of frame.
There is a knock at the door.
Charlie steps out into the hall and shuts the door behind him.
He is pushing Barton's door open, but Barton grabs an elbow to stop him.
Barton gives him a dumb stare.
His neck goes rubbery.
Slap! Slap!
As they walk to the door: Barton shuts the door behind Charlie, locks it, and turns around.
We hear a knock on Barton's door.
A one-quarter shot on Barton from behind as he picks up the cotton wad and sticks it back in his right ear.
For some reason, Barton is angry.
Deutsch turns toward Barton and throws a folded newspaper at him.
Mastrionotti cocks his head with a quizzical look.
His hat is pushed back on his head.
Tensed.
Screams.
He pushes his hat farther back on his head.
Barton slams down the phone.
KILLICK, cursing freely, stows what he can.
A second explosion, a second jet of water and DAVIES, finding his feet, starts yelling for the carpenter.
A furious exchange of fire between CAPTAIN HOWARD's marines and the sharpshooters in the enemy's rigging.
JACK emerges into bloody chaos: screams of the wounded all around, the enemy ship moving astern in mist and gun-smoke.
Jack submits meekly, and sits on a lower rung while Stephen puts a bandage round his forehead Wan dawn light reflects off the ceiling onto the bloody, bandaged officers, conducting an angry post-mortem as KILLICK serves coffee.
JACK shouts down from the quarterdeck - Men are hanging in the rigging throwing down damaged sections of rope.
The tropical heat resounds with shouts, curses and hammering.
He removes his ear-plugs, but the noise of the guns is deafening and he hastily replaces them.
Waves blown flat by it, the ship travelling at a drunken sideways angle across a raging expanse of white foam.
He's out on the yardarm high above the raging sea.
The topmen's shouted commands are whipped away by the gale.
Slow pan over a glassy expanse of water.
STEPHEN straightening, irritated by the challenge.
Cannons fizzing and steaming as they are washed.
JACK sees this outrageous act of indiscipline and yells out - JACK stands behind his desk, brow like thunder.
STEPHEN is livid.
Betrayed.
A shout.
JACK throws a chart on the table.
BLAKENEY comes onto the quarterdeck and salutes, looking flushed and angry.
Through a furious exchange of musket fire JACK runs down the ladder to the gun-deck- Through the gunports the Acheron's great hull becomes visible.
BONDEN fires a pistol by his ear, deafening JACK and killing the pikeman.
CALAMY fights his way to BLAKENEY who is down on his knees stabbing at the legs of the attackers.
Men yelling.
Mortar fire, explosions, smoke.
A bridge explodes.
The enemy pilot fires his twin machine guns.
Bill cocks a snook at the enemy plane and waves dismissively at it, much to Francis' amusement.
Shep FIRES his machine gun to no avail as Cary watches.
The enemy pilot returns fire.
The enemy pilot grins and FIRES.
Cary warns Shep they've been hit.
The NOISE of battle fades and only the TICKING of the clock remains.
as it takes a combination one-two punch from a pair of fists.
with satisfaction, as if he had thrown the punches himself: Bill straightens his bow-tie.
Mystified, Nikki looks quizzically at Shep who is suddenly grim and annoyed.
Upset, she whimpers.
Shep sits next to her as she continues to sob.
He rises, a little startled, and politely removes his hat.
The others give him a look and he shuts up.
The horse, sorely annoyed, gets up on its own and shakes its head violently to drive Bill away.
Part of the light fixture above them breaks loose and crashes down on Frink's head, much to everyone's amusement -- they laugh as Frink clutches his head, annoyed.
Francis lies on the floor.
He lies down and shuts his eyes.
As he does, there's a knock at the door.
Another knock at the door.
Frink, furious, rubs his hands with a handkerchief and stuffs it in his pocket.
As Cary hangs up his hat, a waiter arrives.
Bill jauntily throws his hat up to the luggage rack above and the others settle in for their journey.
He wakes, rises, puts on his hat and moves absently toward the door.
Frink turns to her in protest.
Cary punches Frink in the jaw, knocking him onto the bed.
The others are grim, furious at Frink for his actions.
A matador throws his montera (his black woolen hat.) into the crowd.
Bill takes off his own hat and picks up the matador's cap that Cary had caught.
Screams from the crowd.
Bill lies motionless.
The doctor, in surgical gear, puts on gloves and looks annoyed by the intrusion.
Frink cocks the hammer.
top.location.href=location.href
Next we see him in action, downing 3 barroom opponents at once, pistols FLASHING around the room like a strobe light: Now Hickock sits facing us, playing poker as a shabby-looking FIGURE with a gun steals up behind him and FIRES.....  Now a group of cowhands carouse a streetcorner, raising hell as 2 mustachiod young LAWMEN walk up, trying to quiet them down.
Tall and slim in a black frock coat and black flat-brim hat, he moves with assurance and grace, a man in control.
Bailey jumps up, boiling.
As the Earps drive up we SEE a sobbing woman sitting splay-legged in the middle of the street while her husband tries to comfort her.  3 small children stand alongside them, watching in stunned silence as Cowboys FRANK STILLWELL, cocky, arrogant, and PETE SPENCE, lean, dark, heave their furniture and belongings out of the cottage into the street while snarling things like, "shut up... deadbeats...move it!"
Wyatt slaps him again.
Another slap.
Johnson spots Wyatt: Doc points to his bloody ear.
Curly Bill, Ringo and their Cowboy entourage form a block in the center Rows while BILLY BREKENRIDGE, Behan's bespectacled, slightly effeminate little Deputy makes his timid way down the aisle, looking for a seat midst the off fist-fight and yelling match. 2 cocky young Cowboys, BILLY GROUNDS and ZWING HUNT, call out to him: Curly Bill beckons.
Wyatt cocks the pistol.
Wyatt closes the door, locks it, gives Clum the keys.
He clenches his fist in rage, then bites a knuckle, getting his control back.
Ike throws his cards down in a drunken rage: The Earps stiffen as the Cheshire cat smile comes over Doc: Violence seems imminent.
Tom's side EXPLODES into red mist, the full charge of red mist, the full charge of buckshot SLAMMING him into the Harwood house.
Doc pull his Lightning and FIRES DOUBLE ACTION 1-2-3 times, hitting Billy in the abdomen while Frank bounds back into the fight, FIRING wildly.
then with one pass of his left hand RAPID FIRES quick as a machine gun burst 1-2-3-4-5 times, the bullets RIPPING through the gallery, showering Ike and the rest with splinters and broken glass.
As the last shot echoes through the hills, Frank flops limply to the ground like a rag doll while out in the street his brother Tom finally runs out of steam and pitches face first in the dirt, leaving only Billy, leaning against the Harwood house, legs splayed out in front of him, absolutely shot to pieces, clicking his empty gun and wailing piteously as the smoke clears: He keeps repeating it with sinking volume as townspeople step timidly into the street.
Seeing the whole thing, Behan fumes.
Fireworks EXPLODE in the darkening sky as a cortege of 50 Cowboys in their finest parade down the street toward Boot Hill, the crude little grave yard, Curly Bill and Ringo in the lead, Ike right behind with the 3 coffins and a banner saying: "Murdered On The Streets Of Tombstone".
She sneers.
Ringo is boiling: He pulls Ringo into a doorway, away from the others.
Curly Bill stands before them, silhouetted against the boiling sky, arms outstretched, exulting in the storm's fury.
A KNOCK at the door.
Another KNOCK.
Virgil stops.
Fuming with rage, Kate starts after Wyatt.
They make a show of pretending to hide their guns.
Wyatt looks straight ahead: Allie's eyes flare, Louisa stifles a sob.
Stillwell hits the floor in a crumpled heap, his torso a smoking bundle of bloody rags.
Wyatt hauls him up by the hair and hammers him left-right-left, steps around, digs down, and pile-drives a left hook to his gut.
Florentino screams, raising his gun: Wyatt FIRES, blasting Florentino to the ground.
Wyatt's hat flies off.
Eyes wild with battle rage, Curly Bill quickly raises his shotgun.
The other Cowboys flinch as they're sprayed with flecks of blood and gore.
Barnes screams: Eyes burning like two twin hells, Wyatt pulls his Buntline and FIRES.
In tight on Wyatt as these words sink in and....  It's late and the last rays of the sun come through the window, falling on the bed where Doc lies, awake but looking like hell.
Doc slaps his gun back in it's holster as Ringo stumbles, a bullet hole in the side of his head....  Back in the thicket, Wyatt HEARS the gunshot and starts running... Blood coursing from the hole in his head, frenzied messages flickering all through his shattered brain, going only on pure hate, Ringo stumbles and jerks, struggling to raise his pistol.
But seeing Wyatt bearing down on him, Ike finally bolts himself, pounding off hell-for-leather into the hills.
Screams and stunned reaction.
SYLVIA and MIRIAM stand behind her - their backs to Sonny.
Sonny sees that Howard is useless, so he runs to Howard, grabbing the keys from him and pulls Howard along with him to the front door.
He explodes.
It's smokey as hell, but not burning well.
He's looking forward to an excuse to kill.
There is something almost sexual about the way he settles his body down behind the weapon, getting ready for the squeeze on the trigger, the report, the violent shove of recoil against his muscles and sinews.
A COP in the police helicopter yells through his bullhorn at the TV Cameraman.
There is a peculiar delight in ferreting out the criminal impulse in everybody, and a matching fury in punishing it -- which is the action of repressing their own strongly developed criminal unconscious.
These are tense, funny, violent, and rigidly controlled men.
Moretti rushes out, screaming to the cop with Howard.
The crowd YELLS: Sonny has beat the Cops.
Moretti looks furious.
Moretti yells up at the media to get the hell away and at the same time, turns to a nearby cop and gives orders for the air conditioning to be turned off inside the bank.
He is slammed to the ground and the Man begins to punch him and beat him viciously.
YELLING on the radio network; TV Reporters and the crowd up and SCREAMING for blood! as Moretti steps in.
We know what he's referring to: he thinks Moretti's trying to fuck him over.
Below and on the stairs behind the Cops, curious neighbors peer in...  Chaos out of cut-rate furniture stores.
2.) EDNA - is now behind the Tellers' cages, straightening up the mess; she picks up the loose money that Sonny had scattered thru the air, puts them into packets and ties them with rubber bands.
The cops SCREAM as the SHOT comes through the door, showering them with brick fragments.
Moretti, Sheldon, others come charging out, wondering what the hell, pulling guns out.
As they near the desks, Sonny yells out an order for the group: She's pissed.
It is tense.
The crowd SCREAMS.
The Cops stare heavily, sullen with anger.
People are running alongside, YELLING insults, trying to see in, asking for hand-outs, but they are going faster.
The FBI car stops.
He stops beside Mulvaney and KNOCKS on the window.
Mulvaney hits the floor.
Now SCREAMS, YELLS, SLAMMING doors, panic...  Sonny's voice:  "Shoot me!
Uncontrollably.
GOLITSYN pulls out the now-programmed disk from the computer, slips it in his jacket pocket and heads for the door.
He hangs up.
He MUMBLES.
He does: A rhythmic CRUNCHING sound and from the darkness on the other side of the room, PHELPS staggers toward him, wet and muddy, his middle a hopelessly bloody mess.
The GUARD moves towards ETHAN, who kicks back at him, pushing him back to KRIEGER, who zaps the GUARD on the back of the neck.
The Guard is tied up, lying on the floor of the Service Area Room.
The TECHNICIAN enters the room and shuts the door.
In the communications room, tempers are running a little high.
When he looks back at ETHAN, ETHAN holds He tosses his worthless disk into the trash can and storms out, SLAMMING the door behind him.
ETHAN waits a moment, then casually walks to the trash can, picks up the disk KRIEGER threw out and brushes it off carefully.
His anger erupts and he kicks the old filing cabinets, then picks up a chair and throws it across the room so it smashes into the wall.
He smacks the laptop shut and positions his jamming phone on the table to point at Maxis computer.
The door slams shut.
ETHAN throws JIM the Visco glasses.
PHELPS crawls like hell to get into position.
He grabs a radio and SCREAMS into it.
Crouching on the skid, ETHAN digs in his pocket and pulls out -- -- PHELPS sees it and SCREAMS at KRIEGER, who scrambles frantically for his gun.
NICOLE forces the clumsy table into the hatchback of a 1988 Toyota Tercel and slams it shut.
He exhales in anger as he shouts into the phone.
WHIP enters the cockpit, removes his hat and nods to KEN EVANS, our clean-cut, young first officer.
NICOLE gets out of her Tercel and slams the door twice before it closes.
The shaking gets incredibly violent.
WE HEAR SCREAMS from the cabin.
WHIP hangs up, puts on his pilot hat and exits the cockpit.
NICOLE kicks the door shut and locks it, escaping FRAN who calls through the door.
WHIP knocks on the cockpit door.
Evans quickly throws the "EMRG FUEL DUMP" switch.
Margaret SCREAMS!
instinctively duck as the jet SCREAMS over.
Like a rag doll, CAMELIA is hurled down the cabin aisle as the plane plummets!
HARLING immediately goes to WHIP and supports him.
HARLING jumps out of his 2001 Cadillac STS and immediately takes over, grabbing the duffel bag.
Then you don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
Whip throws the money on the floor.
EVERYONE goes quiet as CARR's anger commands silence.
HUGH explodes in frustration.
AMANDA slides the door shut as CHARLIE throws his bag and his coat down with gusto.
HUGH leaves and the door shuts behind him.
An annoying click.
CHARLIE cocks his head, knocks again.
We hold close on WHIP's face as we hear the metallic clang of prison doors shutting.
Three CHILDREN run through the kitchen yelling and screaming.
They enter the subway platform which is jam packed with all the other NEW YORKERS who are shit-out-of-luck in the cab department.
Clearly, he feels like an idiot.
It's flat as a board.
The knocking turns to an angry BANGING.
Nuts sleeps beside her.
The other guys I've been with all had their briefcases and their five- year plans and their secretaries they were fucking.
Nuts is with her.
Nuts starts to whine and beg.
Zoe and Nuts lie in the bed.
Zoe throws the McNuggets on the floor and climbs on top of him.
Nuts is on the pillow beside him.
Nuts wheels over and stands beside her.
Zoe and Nuts lie on the pillow together.
Several octogenarian couples smacking each other's asses.
The cases start a violent, BARKING DOG FIGHT.
Sarg bites off the end of his cigar and spits it in the direction of the "NO SPITTING" sign, blowing the worker OUT OF FRAME with a MASSIVE EXPLOSION.
Sarg spits a chunk of cigar on the ground, blowing the worker OUT OF FRAME with a MASSIVE EXPLOSION.
The Agent throws a huge lobster into a steaming cauldron.
He struggles and rants.
On BEARDED MAN in rags chained to wall.
The storage room door EXPLODES open in front of them.
HENRY stops at door, bends down, picks up an ear of corn and pulls it apart.
Elaine starts to sob.
The count-down stops.
Elaine shuts it without looking inside.
Scraps' ears prick up.
Dunn is immediately pulled down to the raging toilet bowl.
He grabs for the door screaming.
She hears a SCREAM.
The hood of a car smashes through the cabin wall.
McCrosky stops him.
The Sergeant drops into a seat next to a window, smashes out the glass with his rifle butt and is immediately sucked out.
She grabs it, pulls it on, and moves to the bull which is surrounded by others in cowboy hats.
McCrosky throws the mike down.
A MAN slaps a mosquito on the back of his neck.
The seller is stabbed.
One holds a hat, one pulls a slip of paper from it.
The MACHINE EXPLODES.
The cockpit is steaming now.
The hatch door slams shut.
The entire room explodes in an up-beat Southern Baptists' rendition of "HE'S GOT THE WHOLE WORLD IN HIS HANDS".
It careens towards the planet surface.
The anchorman screams.
The anchorman screams.
A HUGE CAVEMAN, GRUG, RUSHES forward, screaming, growling, and throwing handfuls of dirt in a THREAT DISPLAY.
A Gerf bird smashes Thunk and steals the egg back.
They steal the egg, and HIT THE GAS.
TENSE.
Guy is getting the worst of this encounter.
Eep BALLS her fist, GRABBING Guy tightly by the hair.
Guy pulls his hog-mask back down.
They SMACK the shell from Eep's hand and SMASH it with their rocks.
They all lie on their backs, disoriented, but momentarily calm.
No reaction from the Punch Monkey.
The Punch Monkey now breaks into a BROAD GRIN... Then hauls off and - THUD - Punches Grug in the face!
It winds up and - THUD! - it hits Grug - Grug reels back - into another Monkey - THUD! - Gran joins in and punches Grug in the nose.
He SNARLS.
The giant ear of corn explodes blasting Gran off frame who slams into Thunk.
Grug STOPS.
In their struggle to UNTANGLE themselves, Eep and Guy inadvertently insult the Turkey Fish.
Eep SMASHES Thunk in the face, KNOCKING him into Grug, sending Guy and the log FLYING.
Grug shoots Eep an annoyed look.
Grug punches at the air in front of Guy making him wince.
Grug encounters a bunch of Punch Monkeys again.
Grug throws his banana to the ground only to slip on it.
Grug tries to PUNCH the drops.
Guy STOPS her.
Grug is left alone.
Grug is annoyed by everyone blowing their shells.
Frustrated Grug, tries to punch Guy.
Grug takes a huge flat stone and SMASHES it against Thunk, forcibly transferring the mud image to the rock.
Grug is smashed flat.
Grug lunges toward Guy, SCREAMING.
His punches stop well short of Guy's face.
The sight bothers him.
He surveys the raging CATACLYSM outside the cave as the world is being torn asunder.
Grug JUMPS out of the cage and rushes over to grab the gerbils.
ANGRY VOICES O.S. Time for Turbo to go.
He's going to SLAM into the side with brute force --- HIS TIRES sprout a magnetic exoskeleton.
Finn UNLOADS with bullets as he starts to retreat --- He BAD GUY CARS are waiting for him on the catwalk where he just came from - BLOWTORCHES ready.
Finn, stuck in midair, notices an angry CRANE.
He spies some GASOLINE BARRELS, fires a SINGLE BULLET which cuts through its leather straps, sending barrels DOWN the ramp, --- PAST the pursuing CARS --- --- to the bottom where they EXPLODE in a CHAIN REACTION back UP THE RAMP, taking out at least 15 CARS!
THE BOATS - an army of combat ships quickly DROP into the sea and CHURN WATER with unprecedented fury as they quickly make up the distance between them and Finn, FIRING BULLETS as they do so.
McQueen and Mater are the only ones awake, watch an insane Japanese game show.
He looks insane.
He freaks out.
IN THE STALL - Mater is mercifully released, but when he backs out --- --- Rod Redline is THROWN INTO MATER'S STALL DOOR, crunching it and sending Mater --- --- BACK INTO THE CLUTCHES of the insane toilet.
The door SWINGS shut, revealing the pulverized Acer.
Mater exits, leaving Rod Redline to a now even angrier Grem and Acer.
Suddenly --- --- CABLES whip in front of them, pulling over flower vending machines and sending the shop's owners into a frenzy.
Yelling?
Finn throws open a door.
Mater unhooks an angry Tomber who spits in French.
As it LATCHES TIGHT --- Holley FUMES with anger.
STEPHENSON, a THREE-CAR LUXURY BULLET TRAIN speeds along a snow-covered mountain in the dead of night, its halogen headlight cutting through the darkness.
McQueen and Francesco battle for first place --- Cars play craps with FUZZY DICE; slot machines with odometers for jackpot numbers; cigarette girls sell car items.
A DOOR is thrown open O.S. Everyone turns, now silent.
Finn TAKES OFF, speeding toward Grem and Acer --- Angry fans knock over cans of Allinol.
Zundapp is already on the phone with their Big Boss who, based on his angry O.S. voice, sounds ticked off.
The Lemons and Lemonheads hit the deck and RETURN FIRE --- Mater is THROWN BACKWARD by the force of the guns, back through some double doors and onto a BALCONY.
Mater WHIPS his hook down, steals a ride behind the boat TOWARD MCQUEEN.
Mater is THROWN INTO A "HOTEL" sign, then SMASHES down through a Francesco souvenir stand.
He looks INSANE.
McQueen, Fillmore, Guido, Luigi, Sarge and patrons eye Mater, embarrassed and angry.
Mater shudders, upset.
He doesn't Mater SPEEDS out the front door, a bat out of hell --- On Finn and Holley, now closer to death.
It reverses itself.
He FLIPS OUT.
Freaked, Zundapp does a 180 and SMASHES out a plate glass window, lands on a ridiculously large balloon tethered to the ground, and speeds off --- The LEMONHEADS watch, baffled, as Zundapp drives away.
Finn releases a mess of bullets, grenades, and other weaponry into the air --- THE MAGNET SUCKS it in quickly like a black hole --- THUNK!
Holley, McQueen and Mater are now stopped.
Holley immediately shoves a GUN in Zundapp's grill.
00:00:08...  00:03...00:02...  Everyone FLINCHES, DUCKS or DIVES FOR COVER except McQueen, Mater and Axlerod --- The bomb FREEZES at 00:01.
top.location.href=location.href
Andy's hand lowers a CERAMIC PIGGY BANK in front of Mr. Potato Head and shakes out a pile of coins to the floor.
Andy, wearing a cowboy hat himself, picks up Woody off the floor.
Buzz rises and points an accusing finger at Woody.
He is furious.
Sid throws the doll to the ground and runs after Hannah, slamming the door behind him.
Spooked, Woody grabs a pencil from the floor and brandishes it like a weapon.
The annoyed MEOW of a cat is heard.
Buzz dives behind one while Woody jumps into...  Woody slams the door shut just as Scud reaches the top of the landing.
He slams the offending wrist communicator shut, as if to deny its message of "Made in Taiwan."
He is seated at the miniature table, dressed up in a frilly apron and fashionable party hat.
Hamm's wearing Potato Head's hat.
Woody throws his voice, pretending to be Buzz.
Sullenly, he smacks his head against the window.
She hands him his cowboy hat.
Andy's eyes shut.
Hand-in-the-box throws open the door and The Frog is let loose.
Scud suddenly realizes he's been duped, but before he can get back inside, Hannah slams the front door shut.
Scud smashes into the closed door and begins BARKING furiously.
They smash through the doggie door...  ...and catapult into the bushes.
Woody continues to steer the remote while trying to avoid the angry mob of toys.
Rocky throws Woody to the floor.
Whale clears his throat behind the back of his hand.
The screen door squeaks open, clatters shut.
A pair of X rays are slapped wet on a light board.
The screen door bangs shut.
In a flooded crater under the mill, the Monster kills an old man.
squeaks and whimpers and screams.
"Friend?" the monster asks.
Hate living."
The Monster's pain turns to anger.
Betty pulls the door shut and bends over to lock it.
He grabs the door handle.
before she can pull the door shut, Clay slams it on her, hard.
Lights throb with bursts of energy... loose sparks crackle...rotary sparks create snapping circles of fire... as the energy of the raging storm is harnessed into the machinery.
His eyes are locked on Clay, fascinated by his temper.
Clay explodes out of his chair, knocking over a small side table.
He can't afford to get angry.
Before Clay can protest we hear: "Hold on."
Whale feels the sting.
As the storm continues to rage: Whale shifts his gaze to Clay.
Whale adjusts the brim of his hat and steps into the downpour.
He hands the sketch to Clay, who stares down at the famous flat head, hooded eyes, bolted neck of the Monster.
Clay pulls the door shut and it clicks.
Beat.
He takes out an armload of files, carries them to a wastebasket and throws them in.
Slams the door.
Beat.
The door to the corridor opens and DICK DONEGHY, a workingman in his forties, comes into the room.
Alito's hand snaps the folder shut.
And they killed her kid -- Her doctors murdered her.'"
A beat.
The Judge turns, unbelieving that Galvin has patronized and insulted him.
Beat.
He knocks on the door.
Pounds.
Galvin stops.
Alito knocks on the door.
A beat.
The Judge shrugs, meaning, "Well then what in the hell are we doing here?"
Galvin, furious.
The Judge stands, furious.
Galvin, furious, standing against the wall.
Beat.
Beat.
Galvin is struck dumb.
Morose.
A beat.
She stops outside Galvin's door.
Tense.
Crushes it.
She hangs up.
Beat.
He knocks her to the floor, she upsets the table.
Concannon looks on, ignorant of what is happening.
A large, battered garbage can.
Their RIDERS SWIPE, KICK, and ROLL into one another while they WEAVE neck in neck between the houses, docks, and revamped structures of Berk.
Snotlout sighs, frustrated.
Toothless grumbles in protest.
Hiccup squirms, throwing mock punches.
Hiccup peels a fresh strip of paper from a hidden fold in his flight suit and holds it out for Toothless to lick.
Eret's men immediately draw weapons.
He pulls a dagger from behind his back, waving it cockily.
A Zippleback waits patiently, his head cocked open like a car hood while the other head watches, sympathetically.
Hiccup pulls the lever, shutting the saw down.
They try to fly through one door, but it seals shut.
Astrid and Stormfly blow past Stoick and slip through the storm door before it shuts, leaving Stoick fuming.
She glares at him, plainly hating the plan.
HE SNARLS.
The pommel of the hilt is expelling green gas.
He dismounts, fuming.
Hiccup glares, frustrated.
Stoick DIVES out of the way as the FIRE SPLATTERS against the wall, burning a hole and setting the room ablaze.
Both Eret and Tuffnut groan in protest.
Drago YELLS back with a fierce, savage scream, interrupting Hookfang and causing him to recoil.
Cloudjumper steals the fish before Toothless can get to it.
Hiccup watches him, curious, as Stoick FUMBLES THROUGH THE FIRST VERSE of an old Viking courting song: Valka avoids his gaze, wallowing in a mess of emotions.
Stoick stops her.
Astrid glares, both relieved and annoyed to see Hiccup.
Valka blasts overhead on Cloudjumper, commanding swarms of dragons to swoop down and attack Drago's army.
Drago cocks his bull hook, ready to strike, but Valka deflects Drago's hit and attacks him.
He looks up, fuming, to see Stoick helping Valka to her feet.
Toothless fights the command, shaking his head in protest.
The freezing explosion envelops them both.
Toothless is steaming, his black skin glowing blue with rage, his split dorsal blades searing with blue heat, a glow emanating from his flared nostrils.
Then his hands begin to move -- trying to pack a grind -- trying to fit it in -- turning on the steam and -- The whole thing explodes.
And he's angry.
Mouth shut.
THE BOX.
There's A GUN.
The gun.
Where the hell is a cab?
And fuck -- there's A METER MAID, and she's stopped writing up a ticket -- she's staring at him and -- BOURNE trying not to panic -- don't run -- smile -- stay small -- get to the corner -- scan the options -- but -- THE METER MAID -- she's watching him go and she's pulling her radio and -- BOURNE hitting this next corner -- banging a right -- forcing himself not to run -- glancing back and -- THERE'S ANOTHER COP -- but this one is jogging -- searching -- he's got his radio out and -- BOURNE bailing on the street -- disappearing into -- Big gates.
Shit.
BOURNE trying to think -- what the fuck is he doing?
-- now he's at the window, and if he was looking for a friendly face, he came to the wrong place -- But he's already bailing, walking away from the woman, the window, the room -- he's out of here -- BOURNE on the move -- hustling back toward the lobby -- trying to snag a view out to the street -- there's a window just ahead and -- BOURNE'S WINDOW POV -- ZURICH COPS -- outside -- on the street -- half-a-dozen of them lingering around the entry gate and -- BOURNE stalled for a moment -- options dwindling -- he can't go back to the passport office -- he can't go out the front and -- The lobby looks tough -- there are two other points of entry into the main building, but they're both guarded by MARINES and METAL DETECTORS -- As he gets closer -- it gets worse -- A ZURICH POLICE INSPECTOR near the door, in deep conversation with TWO MARINES and THE EMBASSY SECURITY OFFICER and -- BOURNE trying to burrow through the human traffic -- trying to get to THE LARGER OF THE TWO ENTRY GATES -- this one the farthest from the front door and the passport office corridor, and it's the most crowded -- A COUPLE PEOPLE lined up here -- waiting for one of THE THREE MARINES STAFFING THIS POST to check their bags and pass them through a metal detector and -- BOURNE turns back -- as does everyone else in the lobby -- BOURNE glancing back -- ONE OF THE GATE MARINES BEHIND HIM -- the guy's raising his M-16 -- BOURNE nodding -- total compliance -- starting to drop -- but only starting, because now -- He's swinging the backpack and -- THE GUN MARINE -- nailed -- blind-sided -- no chance and -- BOURNE -- all motion -- all forward -- all perfect -- vaulting the metal detector even as he pulls ONE OF THE PEOPLE ON LINE around to shield his back and -- ANOTHER GATE MARINE -- right there -- trying to grab him -- making his move -- BOURNE -- almost an afterthought -- his boot -- like a knife -- out of nowhere -- SNAP! -- the guy's arm just shattered and -- THE SECURITY CHIEF -- freaking out -- TWO MARINES WITH HIM -- they're raising their weapons and there's people in the lobby and -- BOURNE -- landing hard on THE GUN MARINE -- rolling away from the gate -- into the building now -- coming up with the backpack and -- And he does -- BOURNE with the M-16! -- coming up with it -- coming up on the move -- swinging it around as he searches for an escape route and THE GUN -- it's like a magic wand of hysteria -- PEOPLE IN THE LOBBY -- SCREAMING -- diving away -- everyone dropping for cover and -- BOURNE -- bailing -- on the run -- sprinting down a hallway -- tossing away the M-16 as he sprints into the building -- Quiet for a second -- offices on either side of a carpeted hallway -- BUREAUCRAT-TYPES doing their thing, when suddenly -- Here comes BOURNE -- coming fast -- and he definitely does not belong back here -- Panic -- people fleeing the lobby -- MORE MARINES hustling in from outside and -- Door flies open -- BOURNE bombing in -- shit! -- it's a dead end -- no way out but up the stairs -- SECURITY CHIEF -- THREE MARINES -- sidearms drawn -- jogging past the INNER OFFICES -- running beside them, a frantic guy in a suit -- BOURNE climbing fast -- two -- three -- stairs at a time -- racing up as a SECURITY ALARM STARTS SCREAMING -- bleet -- bleet -- bleet -- THE ALARM ringing everywhere -- TRADE CONFERENCEES -- sixty confused and frightened people -- spilling out into the corridor -- A NEW DOOR flying open -- it's BOURNE -- ready for anything, but there's nothing -- he's in a butler's prep area off the main conference room -- momentum stalled for a moment -- nothing in here but tablecloths and silverware and coffee cups and -- THREE MARINES -- armed and stoked -- staring up the stairs -- leapfrogging -- point-to-point assault procedure -- Carpeted and grand -- SECURITY CHIEF with FIVE MARINES NOW -- charging up -- pushing past THE PEOPLE trying to come down and -- Completely clogged now -- PANICKED TRADE PEOPLE all over -- EMBASSY TYPES -- trying to herd them toward the main stairs -- everyone talking at once -- THAT ALARM STILL BLARING and -- And as the crowd reacts -- as they mob back away from the main stairway -- we see -- holy shit, the guy yelling was THE ASSAULT MARINES -- still climbing -- weapons out -- clean and fast -- one more flight to go -- ready for anything -- completely freaking out as the door above them on the fifth floor flies open and -- MARINE GUNS swinging up -- trigger fingers tense and -- IT'S TRADE PEOPLE! and now THEY'RE SCREAMING and this combined with THE ALARM and THE MARINES YELLING FOR THEM TO GET DOWN and ALL OF IT ECHOING THROUGH THE STAIRWELL and -- BOURNE -- he's CLOSING A DOOR behind him -- he's jamming A CHAIR -- wedging it in tight so the door won't open and -- THE SECURITY CHIEF -- HIS MARINES -- coming from the main stairs -- weapons drawn -- fighting their way through the pandemonium and -- BOURNE scanning for options -- the room is huge -- empty now -- the massive conference table covered with the meeting papers left behind -- windows along one wall and -- BOURNE rushes to the window staring down and -- Fifty feet below there's a courtyard -- it's a sheer drop -- completely fucked and -- SECURITY CHIEF -- TWO MARINES -- just outside THE CONFERENCE ROOM DOOR -- trying it -- it won't budge and -- THE DOOR -- shattering -- eaten up by GUNFIRE! -- TAT-TAT- TAT-TATTAT-TAT-TAT-TAT! and -- WHAM! HERE THEY COME -- through the door -- guns -- eyes -- adrenaline -- everything ready and -- BOURNE -- dangling fifty-feet above the stone courtyard!
-- hanging there -- hanging with one hand -- one hand clutching the corner of a ledge and -- Utter confusion -- SECURITY CHIEF -- FIVE -- SIX -- SEVEN ARMED MARINES all piling in -- ready to rock but there's no one to shoot -- no target -- TWO MARINES -- scanning the windows -- looking down and -- MARINE POV -- all clear -- no way he went down there and -- BOURNE still hanging there -- looking down -- up -- there's no choice -- he has to go down -- BOURNE finding a toehold below him -- reaching -- touching down -- it gives way -- crumbling and -- BOURNE hesitates.
Pissed-off -- broke -- illegal -- ruined and -- A LITTLE RED CAR.
A beat-to-shit Euro car.
He immediately pulls back.
Barely noticing Apfel as they get closer and -- As they pass -- MANHEIM -- it's completely out of the blue -- he's jabbing the cellphone down into Apfel's shoulder and -- APFEL -- no clue -- already clutching at the coronary exploding in his chest -- dead before his body hits the street and -- MANHEIM -- still walking -- he's never broken stride -- and as he goes he's fiddling with the cellphone and -- INSERT -- THE CELLPHONE -- MANHEIM'S HANDS working to retract a syringe into the device and -- MANHEIM striding away.
BOURNE'S FACE -- a video image frozen on A COMPUTER SCREEN -- it's Bourne looking at the camera -- Bourne looking up at the camera in the consulate passport office and -- HALF A DOZEN COMPUTER MONITORS -- and lots of shots of Bourne -- twenty angles -- twenty different locations -- twenty candid perspectives of Bourne and his mad scramble through the consulate -- CONKLIN and RESEARCH TECH #1 poring over these surveillance tapes downloaded from Zurich -- CONKLIN rubbing at the tension in his temples as ZORN enters -- INSERT -- THE MONITOR -- as the image enlarges to fill the screen.
Not condescending or stupid, but flat- out strange and menacing.
Inside he's screaming.
Fighting it.
A huge, rambling flat.
-- shit and money falling out and -- There it is -- from the safe-deposit box -- that piece of card stock -- the one with no passport attached to it -- BOURNE waiting.
-- he's unscrewing a lightbulb from a lamp beside him and -- MARIE about to say something -- he shakes her off -- BOURNE -- knife in one hand -- lightbulb in the other -- putting his foot on a chair in front of him and -- BOURNE waving her to shut up -- crawl -- now -- back up -- get under the window -- go! -- MARIE -- he seems so sure -- it's weird, but she's doing it -- she's under that frosted window -- down below the sill -- looking back -- what the fuck is he doing now?
-- silenced automatic weapons fire -- raking into the apartment and -- THE FROSTED WINDOW peppered with holes and -- MARIE on the floor as THE WINDOW SHATTERS above her and -- CASTEL -- he's in the airshaft!
-- hanging from an abseil rope -- but off guard -- FIRING BLIND -- strafing the apartment and -- BOURNE kicking that chair across the room and -- CASTEL reacting -- instinct -- moving target -- THE CHAIR just strafed to shit and -- BOURNE rolling away and -- CASTEL -- he's coming in -- last pieces of window frame CRASHING AWAY as he swings into the apartment and -- MARIE -- right below him -- shit raining down as he flies in and -- BOURNE throwing the knife and -- CASTEL -- turning -- too late -- the knife catching him in the neck and -- BOURNE -- in motion -- attacking and -- CASTEL -- knife impaled in his neck -- clawing for it with one hand -- trying to get off a shot and -- APARTMENT WALL -- PHFT!-PHFT!-PHFT!-PHFT!-PHFT!
-- gunfire tearing wildly around the room and -- BOURNE -- full-stop -- kicking the gun -- kicking it up -- ROUNDS TEARING ACROSS THE CEILING and -- MARIE -- SCREAMING NOW -- trying to crawl away and -- CASTEL -- no chance -- off balance -- BOURNE -- his open palm driving up into CASTEL'S JAW -- the body wants to fall backward, but BOURNE has the guy's arm in his free hand -- jerking it like rope -- tearing it from it's socket and -- THE GUN CLATTERING FREE across the floor and -- BOURNE -- his knee -- like a piston -- hard into CASTEL'S GUT -- and then down -- his foot -- down into CASTEL'S KNEE, shattering it and -- CASTEL is on the floor -- stunned -- wiped -- knife pouring blood from his neck -- arm hanging like a rag doll -- bone torn through his pant leg above the knee and -- BOURNE ignoring her -- grabbing the guy's backpack -- CASTEL -- eyes wild -- tries to make his feet -- CASTEL -- crablike against a wall -- bloody hands leaving a mess as he struggles to get to his feet -- CASTEL -- staring back -- eyes wild -- mouth shut -- his expression -- is it terror or pure steel?
Disappearing into the streets of Paris -- THRONE ROOM DOORS flying open -- WOMBOSI exploding out into the hallway -- SIX KIDS -- TWO WIVES -- THREE BODYGUARDS -- all startled by this steamrolling mass of energy and paranoia -- DEAUVAGE on his feet -- racing to follow -- KIDS scattering out of the way -- THE WIVES completely unfazed and -- WOMBOSI stops to look at DEAUVAGE.
Smoke...  It's a shitty little room.
Nerves on edge.
And that shuts up the room.
THE PROFESSOR -- A MOTORCYCLE -- screaming through traffic and -- VIDEO MONITOR -- there's BOURNE -- staring up and -- VIDEO MONITOR -- different angle -- more clandestine -- but same deal -- there's BOURNE just standing there and -- BOURNE live.
He's walking in -- Uglier by the second -- desperation madness -- DEAUVAGE and BODYGUARD #1 giving BOURNE a serious pat down.
And CONKLIN snaps -- suddenly he's over the console -- there's the button -- and he's pressing it and -- THE PROFESSOR in position -- roof of the house next door -- hum -- hum -- hum -- It's the E-PHONE PAGER -- he's just been activated and -- BOURNE being marched toward the throne room doors -- DEAUVAGE and BODYGUARD #1 flanking him -- KIDS and WIVES staring as he passes -- the way you'd look at a prisoner on the way to the gallows -- THE BIG DOORS thrown open wide and -- WOMBOSI on the throne.
CONKLIN grabbing shit -- like a madman -- CONKLIN splits and -- It's really late.
His shirt is torn to shit.
Slamming the door behind her -- click -- it's locked.
THE HOTEL BACK DOOR -- kicked open -- BOURNE coming out of the house -- coming hard -- and -- The small courtyard is empty -- but now the ALARM is going off -- and BOURNE turns back to MARIE -- races to grab her as -- RATATATAT -- The FRONT DOOR -- WINDOWS -- ARE SHREDDED and -- here comes the PROFESSOR.
BOURNE leans over the wall, FIRES BACK TWICE -- RATATAT -- The WALL IS SHREDDED.
BAM! BAM! Moving towards the PROFESSOR who is ducking behind cars on the other side.
They are shredding the street -- FIRING ruthlessly at each other and -- NOW THE POLICE ARE HERE -- BLOCKING both ends of the street.
The COPS are YELLING.
THREE WAY FIREFIGHT and BOURNE grabs MARIE and they dive into -- And the PROFESSOR shreds the store as BOURNE attemps to fire back.
Small grouping of workers -- BOURNE shutting the door behind him -- it's shredded with BULLET HOLES.
BOURNE and MARIE racing to the next door as -- BAM -- the PROFESSOR kicks the door open -- BOURNE about to fire -- but there is a WOMAN right behind the PROFESSOR!
And -- THERE'S A COP -- yelling at them and -- BOURNE hits the gas -- they fly out of their parking space -- BAM!!
BOURNE swerves, up on the sidewalk back onto the street -- slaloms through the traffic -- racing towards an intersection and -- CARS coming the other way, BOURNE just makes it through -- the PROFESSOR tries to squeeze through -- skidding and -- CRACK!
The PROFESSOR hits the front of a car sideways on his bike -- he is THROWN clear through the intersection, right into the windshield of an oncoming car and -- He gets up, grabs his gun and works his way towards his bike and now we see -- COPS are mobilizing -- swarming into this area and -- BOURNE and MARIE pick up a few cops on their tail -- shed all of them -- the last car goes into an EXPLOSIVE FLIP -- the PROFESSOR is now right behind them.
And now we are into -- BOURNE, MARIE and the PROFESSOR leave a trail of totaled cars that the cops have to try and navigate through -- finally saying fuck it and hitting a few cars themselves and now we are into -- MARIE'S CAR and the MOTORCYCLE can pass where the police cars cannot.
And now -- The PROFESSOR is pulling up along side them -- one lane over.
The PROFESSOR fires at the same time -- MARIE'S CAR DOOR -- GONE -- she's totally exposed but -- THE PROFESSOR -- his BIKE is SPOUTING GAS -- one of the pellets nailed his tank.
BOURNE AND MARIE -- crashing through the turnstiles -- people diving out of their way and -- AT THE STAIRCASE -- THE WINDOW of the POLICE CAR is kicked out and -- TWO VERY ANGRY COPS emerge -- pull their guns out -- head into the station.
Gonna go for the steps -- but here come -- THE ANGRY COPS -- remember them?
People diving off the train as BOURNE hits the YELLOW BUTTON and -- the TRAIN STARTS ROLLING -- doors still open -- they disappear into the protection of the tunnel walls -- then BOURNE hits the button to close the doors and -- THE PROFESSOR -- watching the trains accelerate out of the station -- and now he's racing his bike down the platform -- opposite the motion of the train and -- here comes the end of the train and --THE PROFESSOR throws his bike into a skidding 180 and skids off the platform all in one move -- landing hard on the tracks but facing the right direction and now he's accelerating towards the train -- just as an oncoming train is racing into the station and -- HE LEAPS onto the back of the train in the nick of time.
And his pager goes off, and -- A safehouse -- CONKLIN filling a burn bag -- racing -- everything's going -- CONKLIN done with the dirty work -- out into the street -- As he's about to leave -- he hears a sound -- a familiar sound -- hum -- hum -- hum -- He cross the street -- looks down to the Quai below -- Holy shit -- there's one of his E-PHONE PAGERS -- He goes down -- picks it up -- And now -- CONKLIN wheels around.
There's his gun.
Beat.
He stops, makes a snowball, throws it, hitting a sign.
Now he reaches out, ejects the tape, expertly turns it over, pushes it in and, as the MUSIC continues, he hums along with it.
PAUL, lying back, stunned with disbelief.
She holds the phone and she is fidgety, insecure.
BUSTER, angry, frustrated, turning around and around and BUSTER from another angle, from behind the mound with the Mustang inside--and out of his sight, glistening in the sun, a bit of the door protrudes.
PAUL staring after them--what the hell was that?
Then there is a RATTLE OF A KEY and the sound of the door to his room ANNIE, getting in her Cherokee and gunning away.
THE DOOR as she slams it shut, locks it, stomps off and THE WINDOW.
PAUL, trying to get out of the room--but it's a bitch because in order to get to the lock he had to move the wheelchair up to the door and in order to get out, he's got to maneuver it out of the way of the door and every turn of the chair's wheels is an effort for him.
As PAUL begins to wheel as fast as he can toward the phone-- THE PHONE as PAUL at last grabs for it, gets it, punches the "operator" button-- He shakes the phone.
PAUL, throwing himself back to the floor, starting a wild crawl back across the kitchen toward the wheelchair and ANNIE, getting out of her Jeep and PAUL, crawling, crawling and ANNIE, walking around to the back of the Jeep and PAUL, scrambling wildly up into his wheelchair, starting to get it turned and ANNIE, opening the back of the Jeep and lifting out several rectangular boxes of paper and PAUL, straightened out now, forcing the wheelchair to move, and now we're into a race, a crazed life-and-death race and the cuts go fast-- --and ANNIE closes the door of the car-- --and PAUL is suddenly stuck, there's no traction on the rug-- -- ow ANNIE, purchases in hand, starts away from the car for the house-- --and now PAUL is finally moving toward the bedroom.
ANNIE'S FEET, walking quickly across the snow-covered area in front of the house and THE BEDROOM DOOR as Paul gets through it, shuts it, and attacks the bedroom lock with the bobby pin and ANNIE, unlocking the front door of the house and THE BEDROOM DOOR, as it locks and THE FRONT DOOR, unlocking and ANNIE balancing the bundles under her chin as she jiggles the key out of the front door lock and PAUL, soaked.
THE DOOR as the sound of a lock CLICKING is heard.
Paul's car being hoisted by chains from the ground and, as it starts to rise up into the afternoon air...  THE AREA BY THE CAR--BUSTER is there and a bunch of STATE POLICEMEN and various MEDIA PEOPLE are there--Buster stands with the STATE POLICE CHIEF watching as the car is hoisted via derrick; the sound of the powerful MOTOR lifting the car is enormous and as the car keeps rising higher and higher and PEOPLE take pictures and stare and THE STATE POLICE CHIEF is addressing maybe a dozen REPORTERS.
She stops at the door.
As she closes and locks the door-- PAUL, stunned, listening, waiting-- --here is the sound of the front door closing-- --then footsteps on the outside walk-- --the sound of a car door opening and slamming shut.
This isn't easy, it was a bitch the first time he tried it, but nothing's going to stop him now.
Slamming the book shut, putting it back on the coffee table, then quickly turning his wheelchair as we PAUL, steering his wheelchair toward the front door.
THE DRIVER of the car yells back.
BUSTER enters, looks angry.
BUSTER, frustrated, puts one set of volumes down, picks up another, starts through it, as we THE ROCKY MOUNTAIN GAZETTE, as the pages turn.
He tries to grab her by the neck, but she fights him off as she wheels him out of the room, down the hall and towards the cellar door.
He is awakened by a loud smashing at the front door.
The OLDER COP, taking the key to the room, unlocks the door, throws it open, and as he steps inside-- The OLDER COP has his gun ready to fire, but even with it tight in his hand, he's edgy as hell.
Tribes of underweight workers carry armload after armload of the harvest and ritualistically dump them into a gigantic cannibal pot which sits on top of a raging bonfire.
A slam of the front door wakes them up.
A slam of the front door wakes them up.
He pokes his head in before shutting the cockpit.
George and his COURT APPOINTED ATTORNEY stand before the JUDGE at the arraignment.
The judge slams his gavel.
George hits the gas and the car screams down the road.
George slams the door behind him, moves over to the window, and opens it.
They react.
Cesar throws up his hands in frustration.
She starts screaming machine gun Spanish.
She starts in again, a log of "Putos (SOB's.)",
As if Diego and Inez weren't beating the shit out of each other right in front of them.
She pounds and kicks and screams in frustration, but he pays no attention.
She is in a rage.
Diego is a little pissed off for being left for so long.
It's ridiculous how much money there is.
The guns are out and pointed.
George is furious.
George lunges at Diego and is immediately grabbed.
George is getting the shit kicked out of him.
CRACK.
The sound of a door slamming.
Mirtha grabs nuts.
Defiant.
Angry.
Nuts.
It's an ad for the new Terrance and Phillip movie 'Asses of fire'.
Kyle's MOTHER, a big fat bitch, comes to the door and yells.
Laughing their asses off.
Kyle's mother slams the door behind them.
A screen appears with Kyle's mother, looking very pissed.
A few more cars careen off and explode into flames as if ending the song with a borage of fireworks.
Burning souls SCREAM and CRY all around Kenny, as his body plunges into what is now obviously the depths of hell.
He sees a mob of angry mothers, led by Kyle's mother.
Barbrady slaps handcuffs on the freaked out teen.
He looks out into the audience...  Kyle's mother is sitting there, looking angry.
Conan grabs a gun and blows his head off, dousing Brooke Shields with blood.
Lots of foreigners with their silly foreign outfits sit at their stupid microphones with their ridiculous translation headsets -- in the general assembly hall.
Cartman slams the door behind him.
Kenny walks through the black void of hell.
There are anti- drug signs on the walls: "Crack is Whack"; "Get High on Pottery"; and, "I Go From Zero to Bitch in .9
The little British bastard from the lake.
The TITLES come up 'Terrance and Phillip Asses of Fire' Except that 'Asses' has been blurred out, and replaced with 'bunz'.
Kenny is chained up in a torture chamber in Hell.
Cartman is thrown to the floor in a shivering heap.
He walks up to another one of hell's prisoners.
It looks like Terrance and Phillip being stabbed in the head.
(*note- cartman gets shocked again on 'bitch'.)
Satan folds his arms and looks at the floor, pissed.
Stan fumes.
Plymkin pulls out a gun and shoots him in the head.
Stan gets pissed.
Satan paces back and forth in hell.
Kenny keeps watching as Saddam throws on a Shakey's hat and does a quick softshoe.
Then he pans over to a bunch of Canadians standing in a line in rags.
A beat.
A beat.
Winona fumes in the wings.
As Terrance and Phillip fry, they scream out: Suddenly, FWWOOOMMM!!!
FWWOOMM!!! BLAMM!! Another explosion!
One explosion knocks out the electricity, and Terrance and Phillip stop drying.
Gunfire, explosions and dead bodies fly all around.
But one Canadian makes it through, and sticks his bayonet through Ned's neck.
General Plymkin has followed his men into the trench, where explosions and gunfire fly all around.
Garrison takes Mr. Hat off his hand and gives it to Cartman.
Cartman looks at the Mr. Hat in his hand and scowls.
THUMP!
More killing and explosions.
Terrance and Phillip are dodging gunfire and super loud explosions.
Cartman tosses Mr. Hat out of the trench.
More explosions go off.
More battle.
Tom the Rhinoplasty surgeon leaps in and stabs the Canadian through the head with his bayonet.
Now Satan looks mad, but he sits down like a good little bitch.
A huge CHARGE shoots from Cartman, knocking one of hell's demons on his ass.
Saddam is thrown back against the wall.
Satan picks up Saddam, and throws him over a huge, flaming cliff, back into the depths of hell.
Satan bends down and picks up Mr. Hat.
And walks down to hell with Mr. Hat.
It says: OVER THIS the screams of a man under torture.
The theatre owner, PHILLIP HENSLOWE, is the man screaming.
The man who is throwing them, WILL SHAKESPEARE, is bent over a table, writing studiously with a quill.
A BOY PLAYER will play "SILVIA," and last minute improvements to his makeup etc. are being applied by BURBAGE'S mistress ROSALINE.
WILL looks at HENSLOWE in outrage.
WILL interrupts "him."
The street door is swinging shut.
He is dumb with adoration.
The NURSE gives a yell.
From the other end of the house WESSEX can be heard ranting.
VIOLA recoils, and slaps him.
She throws a coin to the BOATMAN and runs towards the house.
She puts her ear against the door.
She crosses herself.
There's a knock at the door.
The cut is to the middle of a rehearsal.
He storms over.
WILL, in his underwear is in mid-argument.
WESSEX looks furious.
CHRISTOPHER MARLOWE shuts the door behind him.
The creaking stops.
BURBAGE rouses himself violently, throwing ROSALINE off the bed.
It breaks on the floor, releasing a strip of paper.
Big burly RALPH is using a couple of unlit torches as weapons; he breaks one of them over an enemy's back and HENSLOWE turns on RALPH VIOLA is doing well enough, tripping up an enemy with a well-judged stave, and then using it to deflect a blow aimed at WILL Then he is smashed over the head.
The battle rages.
HENSLOWE yells.
The place is already crowded with WHORES and CUSTOMERS.
WILL sits her down in THE COMPANY and takes the chair next to her A PRETTY WHORE immediately sits on WILL'S knee and kisses him.
He is muttering.
WILL has fought with a passionate rage that has everybody staring at him.
WEBSTER rolls his eyes (oh, these stupid grown-ups!.) and deftly throws one of his mice onto "ROMEO'S" hair.
VIOLA gives a shrill scream, the startled mouse descends her neck via VIOLA'S ear, and seeks an entry into her collar.
A furious WESSEX is hurrying along the road to the theatre.
They are standing behind the back row of the gallery seats.
"TYBALT" kills "MERCUTIO."
But then the audience goes mad with applause.
It's a hit.
As he begins to juggle, a LOUD EXPLOSION is heard, causing him to ungracefully drop his balls and collapse in a heap.
The machine immediately slows down.
He stops, dumbfounded, as the door clunks open.
The car squeals to a stop.
Hawk ducks and slam-kicks his calf.
Hawk nervously picks up a Rubik's Cube and holds it behind his back.
Then there's a CLUNK.
Hawk bolts right at the bustling up guards and locks them into Alex's thumbcuffs.
Knocked off his feet, Hawk gropes into a standing position.
On the fingers of one Wraith hand is carved the word HATE.
It reads: MY NAME IS KIT Hawk looks up with a "huh" expression as Kit Kat chops his neck, knocking him off the gurney.
The mysterious group parts to reveal a much more mature and cynically subdued man dressed in big lapels and a hat that screams Old Time CIA.  His name will be GEORGE Hawk explodes upward.
Kaplan savagely point-blank punches Hawk in the face, knocking him out cold and into the mammoth suitcase.
A simmering Hawk tries to explode but the phone rings.
Bunny, the annoying dog, scurries beside Hawk to catch it.
A LITTLE BRAT trailing the group, moves next to Hawk, bitching away to her STUFFED ELEPHANT, POKEY.
Hawk turns, putting a finger in his ear.
Hawk slams down the phone and turns to see the limousine pull off.
Hawk rotates off for an escape... but the rest of the CIA crew cuts him off holding barely concealed guns; Snickers dressed as a maitre 'd, Almond Joy as a Bermuda tourist, and Kaplan in his usual emsemble.
The Codex FLIES off its perch, setting off the ALARM and sending the bizarre cage/lamp CRASHING DOWN and AROUND the hapless Burly Guard.
He then hurls a softball, smashing a window on the other side of the room.
THE POPE, wearing his famous hat and a Notre Dame bathrobe angrily bangs on it.
Hawk smashes him in the jaw.
Alfred strategically Vulcans Hawk on the neck.
Bunny barks up at Hawk in anger.
Hawk kicks back on the table, "jump ropes" the cuffs, then picks the lock with his teeth.
TWO SEEMINGLY-INNOCENT-BYSTANDER PRIESTS break demeanor to flop up the wheel ramps, slam close the back of the truck, lock it shut, and continue on their solemn way.
Hawk, Anna, and Alex race to the door, the latter bashes it...  open and sets off an annoying hammer-against-bell alarm.
Hawk, still in Butterfinger's oblivious clutches, shouts.. Kaplan raises his gun.
Butterfinger slams back against a wall causing the Gold Sickle to fall down around his neck and knock him to the ground, pinning his head to the floor.
Hawk flings a Faberge egg, smashing the gun out of Kaplan's hand.
Snickers swings a punch.
Hawk and Kaplan lock onto each other's throats.
Hawk and Kaplan stop fighting and turn to see THE MAY- FLOWER LIMOUSINE screeching out of the darkness with Darwin standing out of the sunroof firing a gun.
Hawk lets go of the lamp and drops down on Darwin, locking his legs around his neck and crushing him down into....  Hawk and Darwin grapple on the floor of the limo.
Hawk pulls him back by his hair, grabs him by the balls, and pushes him upward through the sunroof.
Hawk tries to throw a punch, but Alfred blocks it and crunches him across the face.
Hawk cold-cocks him to the ground.
Minerva throws a lever.
Steam begins to percolate from the furnace towards the machine.
The machine thunders with another explosion.
Hawk pauses in disbelief before raising the gun.
He throws down the gun in exasperation.
Bunny stops his violent behavior and perkily looks up blood droplets drizzling from his mouth.
A man awakens from a nap and pulls up his hat.
An explosion of steam and gas blows out the windows!
VENZA jams the ACCELERATOR to the FLOOR, the CAR burning rubber like a DRAGSTER as PEOPLE SQUEAL and JUMP OUT of the way; the CAR fish-tailing away, screeching AROUND the WIN and CLAIRE.
VENZA continues to attack him, stabbing WIN to the floor.
He slams his fist against the doors as they close shut, POUNDS the button again.
A KNOCK at the DOOR:  NEIL JUMPS UP to open it -- MIKE ENTERING before he gets there.
A beat.
MIKE and T.J. left alone.
ELLIE makes an expression of dislike.
CLAIRE'S VOICE -- ANGRY, ALMOST TREMBLING, A FIRM EFFORT OF WILL -- rustles the silence behind him.
The ELEVATOR STOPS, MIKE about to get off, realizing they're stopped at the THIRD FLOOR, another TENANT stepping on.
He's dressed in an expensive JOGGING SUIT, his key dangling from around his neck; he nods to CLAIRE and pushes "DOWN".
GARBER slams down the phone.
The limo pulling up, MIKE hopping expertly out before it stops moving.
He's grabbed her by the THROAT.
MIKE pushes his way in, slamming the door behind him.
At the GROUND LEVEL HE SEES THE ELEVATOR DOORS OPEN and VENZA FIGHTS HIS WAY THROUGH THE CENTER of the PARTY and OUT the MIKE EXITS the BUILDING bewildered; lost him...  RUNS BLINDLY amidst PEDESTRIANS -- SPOTS VENZA AHEAD.
A beat.
The OTHER COPS grab their things and scatter, not wanting to get involved in another cop's headache.
NEUMAN, THE LAWYER, are left alone in the cramped space.
He SLAMS DOWN THE PHONE, raging.
In a fit of RAGE, he SWIPES at a MILK CARTON, sending it HURTLING AGAINST A WALL.  ANGLE on TOMMY:  amazed.
Near bursting, she SLAMS THE DOOR, leaving MIKE STUNNED: Inside, the MUSIC is TURNED UP AGAIN to THUNDEROUS Clenching his fists, MIKE PACES in frustration, then SLAMS his fist against the wall -- NOTICING the door has failed to FULLY SHUT.
Their physicality reaches a CLIMAX with MIKE pinning her against the wall, she, restrained by him, finally GIVING UP, with a SOB, and COLLAPSING INTO HIS ARMS.
She leaves the room, slamming the door behind her.
She UPSETS her SETTING, GETTING UP from the TABLE, shaking him off.
TRAFFIC ROARING BY -- revealing MIKE, upset, on a pay phone, a finger in one ear, waiting for the phone to answer.
SPARKS' FRONT DOOR quietly "CLICKING" SHUT as the KILLER CLOSER ANGLE:  THE BUTTON of the ELEVATOR being PUSHED by a GLOVED HAND.
LONG ANGLE down the HALL, on the CLOSED DOOR TO THE As the ELEVATOR slides to a stop, its DOOR GLIDING OPEN.
He backs off, moving silently to the OTHER DOOR, turning it open silently and slipping through into the CLOSET and WALK- THROUGH DRESSING ROOM leading to the bedroom by the far side.
Hangs up.
GUN BLASTS going off in OUR EARS, CAMERA PANNING A LINE of COPS putting in their PRACTICE HOURS; ENDING ON ELLIE, her EAR BLOCKERS on, FIRING AWAY.
She JUMPS into the PASSENGER SEAT, pounding the DOOR LOCK PLAINCLOTHESMAN #1 REACHES HER, pulling on the DOOR.
They only thing that can be heard is the SOUND of CAR DOORS slamming outside, as COPS run into combat positions.
He LIFTS THE WINDOW, CALLING OUT: CLAIRE, having shouted from behind a COP CAR:  KOONTZ grabbing hold of her to keep her in place.
MIKE YANKS TOMMY under the TABLE, taking HIS PLACE in THE CHAIR; the COCKED GUN presses up against MIKE'S TEMPLE.
With a sudden SOUND of TAPE "RIPPING" from under the GUN INTO MIKE'S HAND as the FIGURE at the DOOR KICKS THE SKATEBOARD, sending it ZOOMING INTO THE ROOM.
ANGLE ON ELLIE:  throwing herself OVER TOMMY, BULLETS "PINGING" AROUND MIKE as he ROLLS, RETURNING THE FIRE.
The "FIGURE AT THE DOOR" is firing with both hands, SCORING A HIT ON VENZA'S ACCOMPLICE, who goes down, wounded, HIS GUN CLATTERING to the FLOOR.
Pulls a few postcards off the wall, throws them in an old straw suitcase, and slams the lid down.
The door slams shut on the back room.
Then she snaps, irritated, behind her.
Elspeth swallows her rage and approaches the brat with a soft touch.
She is so sweet and sincere that he feels like a heel to have been irritated with her.
She begins to sob again.
Kiva throws off her shirt to join in.
Magnum, cocked and ready to fire.
Suddenly, with great force, Sigfried slams the butt of his pistol smack into Ted's temple, sending him to the floor.
She fires the words at Sigfried, hitting him pointblank.
He pleads with her to stop, covering his ears.
Sigfried tries jamming the sock back in her mouth to stop the flow; she manages to give him a "fuck of a bite" in the process.
Angela has fired the gun into the floor below.
The door SLAMS on room 409.
He watches his Wife comb Juancho's hair down and to the side like an idiot.
In anger, Man starts messing up Juancho's hair.
Man stops in his tracks.
Juancho shuts off the television.
The angrier Man gets, the quieter he talks.
Man has never been challenged like this by a fuckin' bellboy.
Stern.
Juancho takes off his socks and shoes and throws them onto the floor.
He hangs up.
Angry, Sarah slams down the phone.
She has an unusually adult temper.
She hangs up.
A frustrated Ted hangs up the phone.
Sarah punches in the room number.
She hangs up.
Juancho screams.
Sarah is too stunned to scream.
Betty wakes up from the floor.
Chester improvises a temper tantrum about the flat Cristal.
And strikes.
Norman lets out a scream.
Everybody's screaming, yelling different things to one another.
Norman lies on the floor and screams.
Otis gives her his best shit-eating grin before turning to Sonny.
Mallory grabs the back of Otis' head and SMASHES it down on the table, cracking the linoleum.
The buck knife slips back into its sheath.
The SHORT-ORDER COOK charges out of the kitchen at Mickey, wielding a meat cleaver and screaming.
It HITS.
Earl mouths 'Fuck!'
She's sitting on op of Otis, SLAMMING his head repeatedly on the floor.
She hits the floor dead.
The B.G. is an outrageous PROCESS SHOT.
The door is in the middle of the frame.
Mallory screams O.S.
Wayne shuts off the recorder, rewinds and plays it back.
The CAMERA runs behind three blue windbreaker clad COPS, as they run up to the Circle K, shouting obscenities.
Mickey and Mallory charge into a 7/11 store, cocking their shotguns and shouting things.
Mickey SHOOTS a CUSTOMER who lies on the ground screaming.
Mallory BLASTS a FEMALE CUSTOMER who lies on the ground screaming.
We hear a SHOTGUN BLAST and a SCREAM over this.
SHOT of the Movie Knoxs FIRING guns.
She cocks the .44,
CAMERA reveals the drawing of a man stabbing a woman.
Tim cuts loose and hammers Mickey with four punishing kicks to the head.
We stop at Mickey's Buck Knife.
DOLLY along side the rolling ring on the floor until it hits a shoe and stops.
They're out and out angry.
The deputies each carry shotguns and a shit load of chains and shackles.
OFF SCREEN the cell door slams closed.
Before they can protest, Scagnetti closes the door.
The two deputies proceed to BEAT the shit out of her with their shotguns.
It spurts to a stop.
The three men walk out of the holding cell, closing and locking the door behind them.
Deputy #3 crumples into the wall, FIRING his gun -- SLOW MOTION.
Scagnetti screams.
The CAMERA shuts off.
Mickey picks up Scagnetti's gun, inserts the loose bullets and slips it into his pants.
Wurlitzer holds a frozen look, as if a fuse has blown and his mind has shut down.
OFF SCREEN the door is kicked open.
Mallory sees this and screams.
Roger screams O.S. CAMERA lies on the floor, video still transmitting.
Mallory grabs hold of Wayne, and gets behind him with one hand pressing the barrel of her gun against his temple and her other are wrapped around his neck, holding him close to her.
Over Duncan's impassioned clamour they can hear Wurlitzer yelling from below.
Lori's boss REX (asshole handsome, mid-30's, expensive suit.)
John takes his hat off, and tosses it O.S. coolly.
Lori punches his number on her cellphone.
Lori is speechless with rage.
After a beat, the pigeon flies into frame, slamming right into a fucking tree.
Rex throws open the door.
John throws open the door.
Sam punches the wall a couple times, and his fist goes right through.
He screams in Cantonese, then, The neighbor sticks a knife through the hole.
There's an angry pounding on the door.
It immediately goes after Ted, who screams.
ANGLE ON SAM, who chokes the Asian man on the floor.
They land on the table, smashing it in half.
The Asian man calls to the duck from the door.
He exits, slamming the door.
She looks as hurt, angry, and betrayed as a woman can be.
John and Lori are on a swan boat ride, throwing bread to the ducks.
There's a knock at the door.
John yells in fury, and kicks blindly at Ted.
John continues to sob.
Ted starts to sob himself.
Donny shuts the door.
Ted screams as loud as he can.
He shuts it off without looking at it.
He looks down at it, annoyed.
Lori turns, slightly curious, but still annoyed.
John finishes punching numbers into his cellphone.
Donny slams the door.
We do several quick cuts as the chase blasts its way through the Boston streets, avoiding traffic and pedestrians.
Donny yells in anger, and pulls at Ted, trying to get him off.
John and Lori shut off the lights, and exit...  John is asleep, but we see that Lori is still lying awake.
top.location.href=location.href
We don't hear his angry complaints, no dialogue is on the track.
The CAMERA holds on him as he stares at the gaunt angry Dave, racking his brain.
ANOTHER ANGLE, on them both as Dave blocks the aisle, an idiot false-toothed grin on his face.
Dave's tone and voice are laconically Southern, but the hatred and misery in his eyes are raw.
CUT TO a shot of the red Ford driving from the airport.
The damn boy says nothing.
He has his usual straw hat on the back of his head.
Buddy is frustrated now.
Be seems wryly amused that he has made her angry.
He lies on pillow and pretends he's asleep, and we hear the door of his room OPEN and a CREAKING on the floor.
Helplessly, she lies there as the boy fiddles with her.
CUT TO a shot of Daddy as he washes out the glass in the sink.
A shot of a coolly angry Mother in the kitchen.
CUT TO Mother and Daddy at the kitchen table.
A SHOT of Billy frustrated on the front porch.
Buddy is interrupted by the SOUND of the distant angry shout of a man's voice, evidently from somewhere outside in the woods because Buddy and Doll turn at once toward the window.
We hear a great CRASHING in the bushes, a SMACK of a fist, a GROAN of shock, an OATH, a SHOUT, more CRASHING.
Buddy makes an exasperated grimace and exits, shutting door.
CUT TO a shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski as Daddy comes out of the Doctor's office and shuts the door.
CUT TO a shot of Mother opening the front door.
They come to a floor heat ventillator grill and stop.
Both Mother and Daddy, however, are too preoccupied and upset to be concerned with him.
ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Daddy as he walks up to the window of the car, hat in hand.
The guards now start to remove the objects from the box, one at a time: -- A daguerreotype of Holmes, standing, and Watson, seated, in a a stiff studio pose; Holmes' deerstalker hat, his curved pipe, his magnifying glass; Watson's stethoscope, Holmes' revolver; a small enamel sign with the number 221B; a pair of handcuffs; a sheet of music paper which is unrolled to disclose a violin piece composed by Holmes, titled FOR ILSE von H.; A pocket watch, the back of which is opened to reveal a photograph of Gabrielle Valladon; a signet ring bearing the initials S.H. -- under which is concealed a compass; a worn morocco case -- inside which is an early-model hypodermic syringe; a crystal ball which, when shaken, produces a snowstorm - and when the snow settles, we see a bust of Queen Victoria.
She exits, shutting the door.
Holmes hides the hypodermic behind his back.
He snaps his bag shut, carries it toward his bedroom.
Holmes fires, smashing the second bottle.
The maid steps out, shuts the door.
It was catastrophe.
He hurries off, shutting the door.
Kakoi vi idiot!
Holmes puts on his silk hat and leaves.
From the street, there is the sound of hurried, angry footsteps approaching the house.
He walks into his bedroom, shutting the door.
There is a cheery fire burning in the grate.
He exits into the street, shutting the door.
He studies the sleeping Gabrielle for a moment, then quietly pulls the door shut.
The noise stops, there is the sound of a lock turning, then the rattle of a chain.
She stops in front of the cage, pulls on a rope which runs through a pulley in the ceiling -- and the tarpaulin rises into the air, exposing the canaries.
Through the crack in the door behind which he is hidden, we see Holmes' eye studying the small bird cage, as the canaries are being transferred into it.
As she slides it shut from outside, our trio is revealed in their hiding places behind the door.
Gabrielle glances casually at the letter the old woman left lying on top of the cage, and her expression changes.
Watson turns the key in the lock, starts to open the door, but is stopped by a chain on the inside.
Holmes, by this time in his bedroom, shuts the door.
Through the upstairs window of 221B we see Gabrielle shutting the parasol.
Then you deny it?
And all the time, behind my back, she was stealing cyanide to sprinkle on her husband's steak and kidney pie.
The point of a crowbar digs under the edge of a coffin lid, which starts to give with a squealing protest of nails.
Gabrielle sees it and screams.
Watson grabs an oar, throws it at the monster as it comes past.
He lifts the hat -- but Watson isn't under it.
There is a knock on the door.
Dead?
Present are half a dozen naval personnel, commanded by an officer.
Holmes finishes the message, shuts the parasol, draws it back into the room.
You're all wrong about me.
He shuts the door after him, listens to the sound of the violin for a moment.
The hull of the boat EXPLODES.
That's the sound of a gun cocking as it's pressed against Handsome Rob's temple.
They're in the epicenter of hell.
The Humvee's right side tires precariously hover by the cliff and the raging water below.
It careens off the road and -- The Humvee plummets through the air and plunges into the raging river.
Charlie is shocked, tormented, grieved, and angry beyond description.
He lies in bed, can't sleep.
A sea of cars, gridlock in L.A. Crammed in the middle of the traffic meltdown is Handsome Rob's rental car.
Simmers.
Half-Ear pulls a switchblade out of his boot and puts it in the glove compartment.
The dogs immediately back off.
The homeboy, bugging on crank, is not one to be fucked with.
Handsome Rob takes the trunk key off the chain and passes it over to Half-Ear...  who nervously drops it onto the carpeted floor.
They get out of their cars and start yelling at each other.
It THUDS.
Lyle points at Half-Ear.
He slaps his hand against the steering wheel, fuming.
Charlie grabs a bread stick off the table and goes.
But it's useless since -- Lyle controls the system now.
Stuck in the middle of it.
Drive past the spot where they put the Nitramon explosives.
The triple charger chemical grenade sails in through the windshield and explodes, knocking out the guards.
Bullets explode through the back window in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS.
She keeps flooring it...  the gauge rising... the customized engine screaming...
The DRIVER of Wrangler, a muscular fire plug of a guy, jumps out, furious.
As more invectives are hurled, Steve gets out of the Ferrari and walks towards the furious driver.
BANG.
A second elevator opens, the motorcycle zooms inside, people screaming at the sight of the guns.
He reaches out, punches the call button.
They cock their M-lls.
THUD.
She punches into a robe and leaves.
The duty officer stamps her paperwork, returns it with room assignment and keys.
Where the hell is her room?
The Chief lifts a bullhorn to deliver his opening salvo -- and it's anything but the kick-ass rant the class is expecting: Trainees swap private looks.
Perched on the front bumper like an hood-ornament, the Chief keeps working his bullhorn: It's also intimidating shit.
Jordan covers herself instinctively -- and hates the instinct.
Stepping up next is Cortez, the human fighting cock.
Her march turns into an angry run as she cuts through parking lots...  jumps hedges... and finally reaches...
Shivering.
Hating them.
How the hell did she wind up here?
ROYCE'S POV:  Of two naval officers on the floor below.
A dozen naval officers waiting for their cars.
They each stab an arm through the passing loop...  ... and vault back aboard, slick as hell.
As SEAFOX THUNDERS past, she stabs for the loop...
Jordan overhears them BITCHING.
Cortez finishes pissing into a tin pot.
Out of this box.
Her chaperon through Hell.
With stunning ferocity, he grabs her by the neck, pushes her out the door...  ... and throws her onto a table.
With a minute to kill, she peruses a bulletin board casually.
On the floor, half the U.S. Senate stops what it's doing and looks up.
Crewmates gawk like stone idiots as Jordan takes her old place in the line-up.
SMACK!
Another bird gets sucked right into...
A beat.
McCool's air craps out.
A man exits the limo to expedite matters with the BASE GUARD.
As Starks works on their engine, JACKIE anxiously watches her mother throw up in the distance.
There are three KEY WITNESSES called to the stand: CAPTAIN MEDLEY, Starks' commanding officer in the Persian Gulf; DR.
BECKER shrugs a nod as the Chief moves on to the next order of business...  STARKS is shown to his room by NURSE HARDING -- stern, senior -- and her henchman, DAMON -- a BURLY ORDERLY who relishes his command, however diluted it may be.
Stolen breath.
The screen goes BLACK and QUIVERS as STARKS clenches his eyes shut.
STARKS sits, totally disoriented, in the ward with the other, more vocally INSANE patients.
With that, DAMON walks out, leaving STARKS on the floor.
GRIES helps BECKER   to his feet and picks his BROKEN GLASSES up off the floor.
The SOUNDS of BOMBS RAGE around him but he's in the middle of the murder scene, watching OFFICER HARRISON lie on the floor.
She turns and gets back in her car, slamming the door shut.
Opposite Starks stands a CRAZED IRAQI SOLDIER -- seething in anger and pointing his gun at a LITTLE BOY, presumably belonging to the MAN not five feet away.
Next to Starks is an angry CAPTAIN MEDLEY, ordering STARKS to follow him.
BECKER ignores Lorenson's insinuation and merely turns his CHEEK all the way round towards Lorenson so he can see the BANDAGE from the CUT Starks gave him.
It's BLACK when it comes out and...  a SKI HAT when it opens up.
She carries a ROD in her hand which she TAPS menacingly on the floor as she walks towards them.
MACKENZIE's body betrays his discomfort talking about it in its sudden jerks accompanying every word.
He throws her TRAY down and pushes her against the WALL.
She starts screaming as he pushes up against her.
Off her look, he ducks and turns around, punching the BRUTE in the stomach -- HARD -- but not before the piece of GLASS he held from one of the broken MEDICINE BOTTLES comes perilously close to STARKS' head.
STARKS gets him by the NECK, expertly applying PRESSURE POINTS and, after only a few seconds, subdues him.
OFFICER HARRISON walks up to their car.
OFFICER HARRISON goes down, still holding his own GUN and STARKS jumps out of the car to check on him.
BECKER cocks his head to one side as he does.
DAMON slams the DRAWER shut, sending STARKS back in.
STARKS knocks on the door.
But STARKS' head hits the GLASS CASE of the FIRE EXTINGUISHER on the wall, as it was destined to.
A KNOCK on the door.
Irritated.
The teacher, MR.
They joke, throw things.
Suddenly, it gets slammed shut again by Charlie.
An angry Jessica charges off.
Beat.
She's lying.
Off Bella -- Bella climbs in, slams the door, pissed.
It pisses Bella off.
Beat.
But Paul and Jacob are so angry, their bodies begin to shake, nearly convulse.
Paul rises, outraged, throws his head back in a growl, vibrating violently -- Paul FALLS FORWARD but halfway to the ground there's a loud RIPPING noise and Paul explodes in silver-gray fur, becoming a massive wolf crouched and ready to spring!
Jared, annoyed, hands Embry five bucks.
Gets the hell out of bed, anxious to leave the dream behind.
She grins, about to bite -- but suddenly -- THE RUSSET-BROWN JACOB-WOLF smashes into her, knocking her away.
She rights herself immediately and takes off -- THE THREE WOLVES give chase, disappearing.
Charlie runs to Harry's side -- SMASH BACK TO VICTORIA escaping at breakneck speed she bursts out of the trees to -- -- Victoria beelines for the choppy water, dives in -- when she reappears, she's hundreds of yards offshore -- THE WOLVES prowl the beach in frustration as we go -- BACK ON HARRY - SLOW MOTION - he falls to his knees just as Charlie reaches him.
Jacob's still holding her close as he shuts the engine off.
WIND wafts in -- Jacob reacts to a repugnant smell outside -- He abruptly pulls Bella back into the truck, SLAMS her door shut and starts the truck.
On the table lie THE PHOTOS that once lined Bella's walls.
She sees he's shut down, cold.
OFF BELLA'S FACE -- FLASHPOPS of the CIRCULAR HALL, the THREE VOLTURI - the DISMEMBERING of the rogue vampire -- The door SLAMS open and Bella races in, shoving clothes into a bag.
As Bella climbs in, buckles up -- Alice FLOORS it and the Porsche PEELS OUT -- AERIAL VIEW - THE YELLOW PORSCHE screams down a highway, cutting lanes, weaving through Peugots and Fiats -- Bella grips the dashboard as Alice narrowly misses a car.
A clock GONGS as he steps into SUNLIGHT -- Alice punches it as Bella SEES -- BELLA'S POV - A MEDIEVAL FORTIFIED VILLAGE atop a distant hill.
Felix and Demetri are back off immediately.
As the door CLANGS shut on them -- CLOSE ON MODERN ELEVATOR DOORS OPENING.
Jane's grin is replaced by anger.
-- Edward is fast, anticipating Felix's moves before he makes them, but Felix is stronger -- -- Felix grabs Edward, throws him into the ceiling, SMASHING against the marble; he drops like a stone.
Is then immediately KICKED across the room.
As the large doors close...  we begin to HEAR SCREAMING -- Edward and Alice rush Bella out - PUSH IN ON BELLA'S TORMENTED FACE as the SCREAMING gets louder... and louder -- ON BELLA'S SLEEPING FACE as the SCREAMING CRESCENDOS -- Bella sits bolt upright, yelling -- She catches her breath, disoriented, confused.
Off her seething fury -- A FERRARI has pulled over to the side of the road.
Bella is frustrated.
Jacob is horrified, starting to shake with rage.
A big Blackfoot Indian named BILLY BEAR gets out and starts cursing and kicking the vehicle.Then he begins walking toward the road gang...  BRADY is the Guard near the center of the work gang; he smiles at the oncoming man, pokes a prisoner beside him.
Takes off his hat, puts on a baseball cap and sunglasses...  Ganz dives for the floor.
He mimes the gesture...  snap... Ganz finally takes the gun from the neck.
Three sharp knocks at the door.
She's a Mexican girl in a ridiculous 'Indian' outfit.
He pulls her to her feet as Ganz moves by.
Billy's shots follow immediately.
Wounded, he gets off three shots, then moves inside Ganz' room.
Ganz screams with pain, drops his gun...  Cates again slams him with his pistol, felling him... Slides across the floor.
Frizzy begins to scream.
Dead before he hits the floor.
Ganz leisurely blasts away at the booth with both his and Cates' gun.
He throws a switch and the door opens.
Cates slaps a cuff on Hammond's outstrethand, then puts the other on his own wrist.
The Caddy pulls to a stop.
Grabs the car keys.
Cates knocks at the door.
Cates grabs the still open Cadillac door, slams it into Luther.
Cates slams the car door agains him again.
They stop by the car.
He keeps his gun trained on Cates,and Hammond.
Hammond stops.
Cates slams the door shut.
Luther waits for a break in the flow of traffic, drives out.
The newspaper is thrown to the floor...  Ganz swings Cates' .44 toward Hammond.
Ganz whirls, his feet slipping on the marble floor.
Slams down the phone.
Yells above the band's noise.
He speeds up ...  he is neck and neck with the bus.
Haden in front of Cates, furious.
The man's eyes widen and he turns his angry move toward her into a skedaddle out of the bar.
Cates and Hammond come through the door and grab her.
Ganz, half-dressed, asleep, gun in hand, throws himself off the bed, pushes Sally out of the way ...  opens the door and starts firing furiously down the corridor...
He pulls it open... Ganz from the window fires another shot which almost gets him then vanishes down the fire escape... Sally gets to her feett yelling, runs at Cates as he appears and futilely tries to hit him....
Cates comes out of the doorway from which he's fired... and comes into the middle of the street, gun up ... he puts it down when he sees Ganz with Hammond in jeopardy.
Ganz holding Hammond and the money...  Cates keeps the same methodical pace... Suddenly, he crouches and fires twice.
Ganz' gun still in his hand, but his arm useless at his side.
And with that, Cash turns and leaves Jack alone on the street with his egg nog...  Jack walks in and throws his keys on a table.
Frustrated, Jack turns and runs back to the mini-van...  Jack pulls up across the street and gets out of the van.
Jacks still a little unsure... he sees Cash open the driver side door... Jack gets out of the car... and before he can even turn around, Cashs door SLAMS shut and the car takes off in a blast of horsepower... Jack stands there gazing down the street, listening to the sound of the Ferrari shifting gears, disappearing...
A KNOCK at the door...
Kate shuts off the TV.
She pulls the covers up over Jack, shutting off the light...
A crowded suburban New Jersey bowling alley...  Jack stands at a lane holding a bowling ball, the nickname The Hammer emblazoned over his bowling shirt pocket...He approaches the line and throws the ball down the lane...  Its ugly...The ball caroms off the hardwood into the gutter.
Jack retrieves his ball, sets up, genuinely concentrating...  Jack puts everything he has into the throw, heaving the ball down the lane with as much grace and power as he can muster...hitting the six pin and taking out four others.
She gets up and heads up the steps, disappearing into the bedroom...Jack shakes his head, frustrated.
Then...  Jacks starting to struggle... Jacks back on his heels... seeing his dream picked apart... Hes frustrated... he pauses a moment to gather himself.
Jack waits anxiously at the door.
Hang on!
(makes an annoyed face.)
Why would I want to destroy what will soon be mine?
This is ridiculous.
Missile hits Thunderbird 5 and John is blow back into a wall from the explosion.
Oh how rude of me.
It's not me you're angry at, Alan.
What's wrong with it?
They're dead.
I'm gonna kill you.
I must warn you that I know judo, krai magna, and tae kwon do.
(uses his powers to stop the punch that Parker was about to throw at him.)
He'll destroy everything you've built everything the Thunderbirds stand for.
He was lying, right?
Ow, now that was a punch.
The CABBIE lets out a YELL and JUMPS out after her.
He headlines a slick techno-funk group called THE TIME which sports gangster suits and wide-brimmed hats.
She runs from the room, cuts down the hallway, slanming the door behind her ... "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...  Jerome opens the door of the CADDY, helps Morris out.
Right now she's mad as hell -- she thinks-- Jill squats, picks up the broken glasses- - Jill points -- Vanity hurries away  -- Vanity stops dead in her tracks, does a slow burn.
Then another SCREAM from his mother, and his father's voice now, LOUD and FURIOUS-- WHACK!
His mother SCREAMS -- Prince BURSTS into the room.
Prince, flat on his back, fights vertigo with everything he's got.
His Mother lets out a YELP, rushes into the bedroom, SLAMS the door.
Right now they're tired as hell, and a little angry-- The MUSIC stops, the girls come to a halt -- Morris regards them evenly-- Morris glares at her-- The Girls  fidget-- The MUSIC starts up -- the Girls start dancing.
The pull to a stop.
She slips and falls -- Prince can't help laughing- - She starts throwing stones.
He fishtails to a slick stop.
Prince moves past Billy Sparks, who has an angry look on his face-- But Prince ignores him, cuts into the dressing room-- --then stops suddenly, surprised.
She snaps it shut, hits the play button.
She lies behind him, one leg dangling off the bed, one shoe discarded on the floor Suddenly a distant MOAN... QUICK FOOTSTEPS -- A DOOR SLAMS.
She listens intently, then-- -- Another DOOR SLAM, QUICK FOOTSTEPS, and Prince's Mother A bottle CRASHES to the floor.
Wendy immediately rips into the guitar solo of "G-Spot."
Prince remains still, his eyes closed...  Then another deathly DOOR SLAM!  GLASS dissolves in its frame and trickles to the floor like icicles.
WHACKS!  at her with a strap, SCREAMING at her with an ominous growl of rage-- The Mother throws herself at him drunkenly, starts slapping, scratching at his face-- Prince claws desperately at his Father's back-- The Mother stands on the bed SHRIEKING-- The Father lunges, drags Prince along the floor, WHACKS! the Mother in the face.
His Father SMASHES backwards against the wall, slides to his buttocks on the floor.
Rush hour TRAFFIC.
He cuts out the door, SLAMS it behind him.
Prince snaps a look to him -- the Guy mouths the words:  Fuck You! Prince wants to scream!
Three WOMEN stagger over, one of them grabbing his Mother-- She fixes Prince with a glare-- Prince BLASTS down the STREET, sweeps into his drive, and jumps off his bike, practically smashing it into the gate.
His eyes are burning with anger.
He flies up the steps three at a time, cuts across the porch, bursts throuch the front door and-- -- stalks through the living room, eyes blazing-- He spins like a top, streaks down the hallway, throws open several doors violently-- He cuts into the kitchen raging-- He twists around frustrated; exhaustion, anger, and pain competing for the same space.
He paces back and forth frantically, still locked in his own private hell.
The Band Members trade frustrated looks with each other -- it's obvious that they have some trouble with the next song...  Prince presses his lips to the mike, and the MUSIC starts.
Frustrated, he cuts outside.
He streaks by Morris and KICKS him flat on his ass into the garbage-- Prince skids to a slick stop.
He fishtails to a slick stop-- There's no way out!
She's in a foul mood, staggers around dully, her head pounding, her speech slurred-- He looks at her painfully, upset about her drunken state-- She cackles, falls flat on her ass, hoists herself up-- She pulls Morris' FLASK from her jacket -- his eyes blacken-- She puts it to her lips-- She holds the flask to her lips defiantly, then goes to drink.
He stands shocked a moment, his rage surging within him, smashing through every safety valve he's acquired in his life.
She hits the ground like a rag doll.
He looks at her curiously, bends over her - - she sucker-punches him with everything she's got!
He SCREAMS in rage and grabs her hands as they flail about his face.
He squeezes them shut, looks up...
The destruction is complete, but in the midst of it lies his Father's music.
The PLACE is PACKED, the CROWD applauding like MAD!  LASER LIGHTS strobe the house in a frenzy.
MOVING now, FAST and FURIOUS.
His Mother's dress is lying in a heap on the floor.
The room has been stripped except for the bed minus its bedsheets, a naked pillow, a beat-up dresser with a small TV on top of it, an old POGO STICK propped against the wall near the GARBAGE CAN at the foot of the bed, and a few posters and scraps of trash.
He shuts the Suitcase.
He exits, letting the screen door slam shut behind him.
BRAD, in jeans with his t-shirt thrown over his shoulder, is standing in front of the door, waiting.
As Corey leaves, a RED-HEADED IDIOT does a sloppy can-opener off the side of the pool.
Harry sits expressionless, adjusting his spectacles as the ambulance shakes mildly from the driving.
Heather gives Allison a disapproving look, as if to say "don't be stupid, stupid."
Emily throws her Laundry Bag over her shoulder and follows him, frustrated with the wait.
He looks back up at the house, frustrated.
He about-faces, steps over to the side of the neighboring house, unzips his pants, looks both ways to make sure the neighbors are not around, and starts pissing.
He places the pile on the roof of his PIECE-OF-SHIT, opens the passenger door, and places the pile on the passenger seat.
Jimmy hangs up, starts his Piece-of-Shit, and pulls out of the parking lot.
Jessica shuts the door.
Pitt let's the door slam shut.
JIMMY pulls his PIECE-OF-SHIT into the driveway of what appears to be a one-story house, next to a RANGE ROVER.
He enters and shuts the door behind him.
He throws them into his Backpack, zips up the Gym Bag, and puts it back into the closet.
Jimmy shuts the doors behind him.
Jimmy's Piece-of-Shit has just rear-ended another CAR of equal value parked in front of a STOP SIGN in an otherwise empty intersection.
He slams the door shut with his free hand, pissed, and staggers towards Jimmy's car.
Jessica runs to Carlos's CAR, opens the door, throws the Novel in and jumps in after it.
Mr. Carson shuts the door.
JIMMY pulls his PIECE-OF-SHIT up and parks next to the driver-side door of Matt's Car.
Jimmy climbs out of his Piece-of-Shit.
Jimmy accepts the Forty-Five Dollars, and gives Matt the jar of K. Jimmy is pissed.
Jimmy throws his Backpack back in the trunk and slams it shut.
Heather shuts her locker.
JIMMY is driving his PIECE-OF-SHIT with a clear look of anger and frustration in his face.
Jimmy hits a button to hang up and shuts the Cell Phone, but the cell phone immediately rings again.
The TRAFFIC in front of Jimmy slows, and Jimmy coasts to a standstill at the tail of the traffic and in the middle of a busy intersection.
A CAR at the head of the cross traffic inches up to Jimmy's Piece-of-Shit and honks, but Jimmy does not seem to notice.
Jimmy throws his Piece-of-Shit in reverse, then cuts left, through and out of the intersection.
JIMMY parallel parks his PIECE-OF-SHIT in front of his apartment and exits carrying his BACKPACK.
Jimmy steps back outside and shuts the door.
He's treating the Moped rather roughly, pulling wheelies and kicking the tail end out repeatedly.
Jessica punches another number into her Cell Phone.
He rings the doorbell, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a wad of BILLS as he waits.
Mr. Carson slams the door.
Heather leaves and shuts the door behind her.
Heather opens the nightstand drawer and immediately pulls out a box of CONDOMS, showing them to Allison.
The doors of Jimmy's PIECE-OF-SHIT are flung wide open.
The door slams shut behind Corey.
Pedro shuts the door to his Tow Truck and pulls up his shorts.
Jessica climbs out of the car and shuts the door.
JIMMY has parked his PIECE-OF-SHIT in the rear of the back yard behind all of the other CARS that have pulled in.
The door is shut.
Jimmy's hand is in his pocket, turning his CHINESE STRESS BALLS over and over and over.
Card Player is dealing a round of asshole.
Everybody looks at RJ. RJ steps out and shuts the door behind him.
Pedro shuts the door.
Jessica smashes the bottle over Aaron's head, knocking Aaron to the floor in a daze.
The door bursts open again with a violent thrash, and LOUIE fires into view on his WHEELCHAIR with SINJIN pushing from behind.
Sinjin kicks the door shut with the back of his foot and wheels Louie into the room.
Bobby grabs Louie by the collar and throws him from the Wheelchair. Louis lands heavily on his crippled frame, dazed, the Bowling Ball Bag dribbling onto the floor near Sinjin.
Bobby grabs the Wheelchair in both hands and begins smashing it against the wall and into the floor.
Carlos walks over to the driver-side door, but Jessica walks immediately over to the trunk.
She shuts the trunk and looks over to the house.
COREY, PEDRO and MITCH notice a POLICE CAR containing POLICE OFFICER 1 and POLICE OFFICER 2 as it pulls into the back yard.
Pedro grabs the stick shift and throws it into first.
POLICE OFFICER 2 rushes over to the Tow Truck and points his GUN at Corey.
POLICE OFFICER 1 stops him.
HEATHER is seated in the back of a POLICE CAR with her hands cuffed behind her back.
Aaron reaches down, grabs the Cigarette and puts it in his mouth, still angry.
The old man's on the fade Buzzy, fuck him, y'know?
Fuckin' A, first survive, yes?
THE CAMERA FINDS Buddy's mother LAVERNE, prominent bulge, seriously pregnant, she's arguing with her employers, trying to suck in her belly, yelling "bullshit, you just have to light it right... " Second rate dive bar.
As Dupree speaks, WE SEE the scenes behind the story: The magician being brutally beaten-- pelted with poker chips, kicked in the chops, pissed on, the works.
Buddy, tipping a craps table, attacking the stick-man, stripping off one of his gold chains, going garotte.
A PHOTOGRAPH of PRIMO SPARRAZA, sharkskin suit, vintage 60's coif, posing in front of The Riviera with a dour, pissed-off Frank Sinatra.
A beat.
He stops and slips the bathrobe off, letting it fall rather than pull her wig the rest of the way off and ruin what illusion remains.
A beat.
Reed begins laughing like a complete fucking loon, like he's just lost it completely.
Israel, furious, screaming at an immense black man standing in front of him: SIR IVY, his steadfast second-in-command: The presence of a Pimp, the mien of a Mack.
Israel throws the lock.
An O.S. voice explains: PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Gerald Diego... aka Pasquale Acosta, aka "El Estrago" the most notorious torture-murder specialist in the biz in convincing disguise.
Fuck it.
Then the car door opens and The Tremor Brothers, like circus clowns, clamber out in a cloud of gun and reefer smoke.
The recorder abruptly shuts off.
The Feds, heading toward their car, Carruthers snaps his cellphone shut.
Bullshit, but it sounds good.
Acosta pockets his ID as he yanks the pass key off the Supervisor's neck.
They pass through and punch in, signing time sheets.
Carruthers pushes 110mph, barreling toward the Nomad, blowing through traffic-- Both men pull out IFB/earpiece apparatus, plugging in, checking their signals.
Finally: Watters spots something outside, grabs a pair of binoculars, looks down... BINOCULARS P.O.V.: Four obvious CALL GIRLS disembarking a taxi, mylar-colored micro-minis, fuck-me heels, cheap shoulder bags.
SNAP ZOOM ON BULLET as she slams the action forward, loading the round WE SMASH CUT TO BLACK.
The Tremor Brothers: Duffel bags straining with the horrible, shit inside.
Georgia Sykes; Pulling a small revolver from her garter- holster, annoyed, rubbing the chaffed area, reaching the elevator, leaning back against the wall, waiting.
Beanie slams the door on him.
Israel looks from the ringing phone-- to the gun in his bag-- no good-- Ivy will kill him before he clears the bedspread.
Carruthers, behind him in the elevator, checking his cellphone-- Carruthers, annoyed, stowing his cellphone.
Ivy, down on one knee, depth perception shot, trying to reload, bullets slipping through blood-slicked fingers-- Israel lies on the floor behind the bed, breathless, chest heaving, frantically trying to pull the small automatic pistol out of his overnight bag.
He immediately mobilizes.
The Tremors stand at arms, shrouded in a miasmic mung of horribly toxic fumes, filling their lungs with it.
Blood streams in steaming fissures, floating spent shell casings and fluorescent shards cover the floor of the car.
A beat.
He cracks a blackened grin, rolling the pistol's chamber and snapping it shut as we...
Craps players, pissed that their "hot streaks" have been cut short, harangue police and sheriff's personnel in passing.
WATTERS POV: Fourteenth floor, big glass windows, drawn curtains... she nuzzles the eyepiece, finger slipping delicately inside the trigger guard...waiting.
Disparate sounds collide now, swell to a great tumult-- an incomprehensible crescendo of explosions and chainsaws and gunshots and screams as we-- ... nothing...complete and utter silence...  Primo Sparazza...sitting in that hospital bed... waiting.
She keys her now useless IFB.
He reacts badly.
Jeeves buries the sledge in a wall, takes up the chainsaw, rips the pullcord, resumes the charge-- Ivy, finds a clip, slams it in the stock, points, pulls-- trigger-stick, hammer-jam.
The doors to the Penthouse level are bashed open and the windows implode as FBI tactical agents repel in, weapons drawn, swarming, surrounding the scene, shouting commands-- Darwin Tremor drops the sledge, jackrabbits for the elevator, diving in as the doors close-- Sykes, stumbling toward Ivy.
Mafuckas catching bullets like the common cold up in this bitch.
She takes up the Barrett, gazing through the scope, looking, looking, looking... stops...holy shit... it's her.
Locke says nothing... Messner levels his gun on him.
BRUBAKER, the senior resident, is giving hell to Schaefer, the intern.
The hallway door opens, and a young woman, carrying a top coat, slips quickly in giggling like hell, followed by Schaefer, who is likewise giggling and admonishing her to be quiet.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
From the Skids!"
They detest each other.
In a fit of temper, Mrs. Cushing throws the chart and her pencil down on the floor.
Rage suffuses Bock's face.
He strides, followed by Dr. Lagerman, into...  ...and slams the door shut behind him.
Mrs. Dunne, annoyed, gets up and heads for the west corridor, followed by Nurse Devine and by an intrigued Dr. Bock at a few paces behind.
She returns the flight tickets to her purse, snaps it shut, stands and moves to the doorway, enters a step into...  Bock, back at his desk, looks up.
With a crash of his fist on the desktop, Bock stands; he is in a drunken rage.
He lights one and returns to the business of killing himself, puffing expressionlessly as he does.
Bock's rage erupts.
Even before he enters, we get a blast of angry voices, both male and female.
For the moment the door is ajar, we see a harried Milton Mead being assailed by angry blacks and Puerto Ricans and young white activist doctors.
More murmuring.
Dr. Mallory is wrenching off his blood-drenched rubber gloves and flinging them to the floor in a rage.
Dr. Mallory is stupefied with anger.
The Reverend Drummond's suit, still on its hanger, is lying on it.
She solicitously helps the wispy old man off with his coat and jacket and hat which she puts in the armoire.
The old man is slipping out of his clothes to expose a thin little body in a torn nightshirt.
She calls out in her annoying voice from a chart.
The door slams.
He hangs up.
Bock cocks his head to him.
Straining under the effort, the three doctors get Welbeck off the floor.
Eyes filled with tears of rage, Sundstrom lowers his head and moves into the mass of militants, which parts for him to leave.
The protesters protest endlessly, CHANTING, SHOUTING.
He picks up his cellular phone and punches in a number.
Shit.
PRATT sprints down the hall, pulling out his pistol, as JONES kicks in Zavitz's door and rushes in.
The door opens to-- ZAVITZ charges through and kicks open a fire door.
An alarm blasts as he exits to-- A garbage truck screams up the alley.
Fuck the light.
REYNOLDS busts out of the room, phone to his ear.
DEAN punches the code - DEAN turns.
A black ball slams against a wall.
PULL BACK to DEAN, who's angry, frustrated and drenched in sweat.
"BRILL" flips on the meter and guns into traffic.
The ride from hell gets worse as "BRILL" screeches another turn.
They're hit again.
Grabbing a fire extinguisher, he pulls the pin.
He retreats as the BLARING FIRE ALARM STOPS.
He throws it into a garbage can and tosses styrofoam cups in on top of it.
Tons of angry steel are teasing his shirt fabric.
He KNOCKS softly.
A lamp is knocked over on the floor.
KEYS JINGLE in the front lock.
The TV suddenly REMOTES ON - VOLUME LOUD.
The MEN move closer-- JONES grabs the door and rips it open, revealing Dean's PISS-FRIGHTENED NANNY behind the wheel in Dean's trench coat and hat.
Traffic is thin at this hour.
The Chevy hurtles through the warehouse toward a shut garage door.
BRILL floors it.
Steam hisses.
BRILL punches a number into the cellular and the phone locks on the signal.
TONES and COMMANDS fly quick as Brill's computer modems into another.
BRILL's phone line immediately rings.
The SENATOR, fuming, opens a book, looks up a phone number and punches it into his phone.
A place packed with STUDENTS, computers and TEACHERS.
A rowdy group of FRAT BOYS flood in, loud and busy.
They pull into traffic.
Shit.
ORGAN MUSIC can be heard as REYNOLDS snaps his phone shut.
He grabs the doorknob and pulls-- --and the knob rips from the door, trailing small wires.
The framed picture is of Senator SAM ALBERT and CHRISTA DOOR WOOD EXPLODES inward.
Back in the living room, CHRISTA has walked through the broken-in apartment door to see JONES, HICKS and DAVIS lying on the floor at gun point.
REYNOLDS snaps the phone shut and goes downstairs to the door.
It continues to bang until Felicia screams, over the banging of the headboard.
George on his bike threads through traffic on the Strip.
George is a little annoyed.
Lester shuts the door.
The elevator stops on the third floor.
Felicia is throwing on a bandana and wraparound sunglasses.
Felicia stops.
Lorna ambles into the kitchen, expressionless.
George shuts the blower off.
He shuts the door.
Lester shuts the door, feeling a little chagrined, and relieved.
George is weary and getting annoyed.
Lorna is furious.
She stops by Lorna's room.
Lorna has a sliding door, which is closed.
She looks to her mother, expressionless.
He's stopped on his way over.
The RADIO'S PLAYING the Eve of Destruction.
fuming.
He has a hell of a time squirming into the back, but tries to be lighthearted about it.
He stops when he sees Lester's feet hanging out the door.
Pope is furious.
They're hit again.
Nevertheless he shuts the door and heads back to Jackie who stands waiting.
An ashtray is hurled into the room, smashing against the wall, and Jill can be SEEN now storming off with Pope.
He hangs up.
She hangs up.
Lester slaps him.
Bags are packed, a coat thrown over them.
The DRY CLEANER comes to the door, stopping George.
Jimmy doesn't know what the hell to do.
Finally: An agitated young man, Floyd, weaves his way through the craps and roulette tables, and hustles up a staircase to a second floor room with a drawing of a snarling tiger on the door.
Alva has a hat on, obviously just about to go out.
Hooker rips open the door and throws her out.
Throughout, Gondorff wears the fedora hat which is his trademark.
Gondorff is in his T-shirt, but still wears his hat.
Singleton is walking down a passageway and stops at a door and goes in.
There's a knock at the door.
Hooker, pretending to be humiliated, gets to his feet and escorts Lonnegan to the door.
Combs keeps his mouth shut.
On the fourth floor, he ducks into a room and quickly locks the door.
We cut back to Snyder furiously kicking in the locked door.
Niles is struck dumb.
Hooker's eyes go to Gondorff, who looks back at him in utter disbelief, the betrayal raging in his features.
Gondorff and Hooker lie on the floor dead.
He throws the paper bag to Hooker, who stops by the door.
coming in carrying AK47's -- shouting in Arabic -- "Get up! Get up!" -- the FATHER stepping forward -- holding up his hands -- "Don't shoot!" -- And he's gunned down in cold blood.
The soldiers grab the mother and boys and begin to drag them out of the tukul -- but WILLIAM breaks free -- scrambles deeper into the room -- THE SOLDIER going after him -- WILLIAM darting behind a stack of storage boxes knocking them to the ground -- frantically burrowing into the corner -- trying to get away but it's useless -- THE SOLDIER grabs his feet and begins to pull him out -- WILLIAM KICKING WILDLY -- digging his nails into the dirt -- and as he's dragged out of the corner he reaches out...  inadvertently grabs a FADED PHOTOGRAPH which has fallen on the ground... CHAOS! -- PANDEMONIUM!
The Vega pulled of the side of the road and Sam fucking Lynn in the back.
The Vega pulls up to a beat-to-shit single-wide and Sam and Lynn get out.
Snow piled up on the windowsills and it's cold as shit outside.
Donnie KNOCKING at the door...  Donnie KNOCKING again and the door cracks an inch... and we see a black man with a SHAVED HEAD on the other side looking out...  Suddenly Sam pulls a short barrel shotgun from his jacket -- MOSSBERG 10 GAGE -- presses it to the door and -- DOOR SPLINTERING OPEN! -- concussion like a fucking pipe bomb -- wood splintering through the room like shrapnel -- Sam and Donnie INSTANT PANDEMONIUM!
Sam looking back -- Suddenly -- silver flashing -- A BLADE -- out of nowhere -- pressed into Donnie's neck from the backseat -- the Drifter pulling him tight against the seat rest, pressing it into his throat -- Sam reaches his leg over and STOMPS ON THE GAS PEDDLE -- the car LURCHES forward -- accelerating -- But Sam's not letting up...  pressing down on the peddle hard... 90...  100... 110 mph -- Donnie YELLING -- trying to keep the car on the road -- MUSIC BLARING -- like some wild ride to hell and then -- SAM SUDDENLY JUMPS IN THE BACKSEAT -- wrestling with the drifter -- fighting wild -- elbowing him in the face and somehow the blade is in his hand now -- and -- Stick, stick, stick, stick, stick, stick!
He stabs him six times in the gut.
Sam coming through the door, taking in the place, the fucking grime and despair.
A torn up house in a shitty part of town, windows spray painted black.
-- and the Jeep flips onto it's side -- THE PICKUP GRINDS TO A STOP! -- the driver slamming it into REVERSE - - accelerating back into the curtain of smoke -- trying to get the fuck out of there when -- BBrrraaaappp!
He moves to his gun cabinet, grabs a hidden key, unlocks it...
Nineteen waving his hand, yelling as the cars pass -- Palpable excitement ripples through the compound...  Sam's soldiers grabbing their weapons and forming a ragged line near the Suburban as it stops... ...  the back door to the Suburban opens and a black man, dressed in shirtsleeves and slacks, steps out.
He smiles, reaches for one of the boys -- and -- -- A BULLET hits A.J. in the neck, killing him instantly.
A moonless night...  and we see headlights piercing this blackness... bouncing down a singletrack road...  we are... Deng behind the wheel driving -- Sam in the passenger seat -- Marco, Nineteen, and a third SPLA SOLDIER jammed in the back -- Far ahead we see three sets of HEADLIGHTS coming towards us on the road -- just bouncing white dots on the horizon -- and silently they begin to check their mags and weapons -- preparing for battle -- -- and the headlights get closer -- Deng not slowing down -- and we realize we are on a collision course with this convoy -- and finally we see MUZZLE FLASHES in the distance -- and -- Machine gun strafe hitting the front and side of the truck -- Sam and Nineteen leaning through the open windows as Deng drives -- leveling their AK's and firing -- And now the approaching convoy LIGHTS UP with RETURN FIRE! -- Sam and Nineteen hanging out the windows blasting back -- Deng stepping on the gas, accelerating toward the convoy like some hellish game of "chicken"(reminiscent of Sam and Donnie's wild ride with the Drifter in scene #29.) -- -- and we watch as the headlights barrel towards us at full bore -- BULLETS POPPING across the windshield of the truck -- SAM AND NINETEEN IN CONSTANT FIRE MODE -- THE SOUND DEAFENING -- headlights blown out on both trucks and now we're plunged into total blackness - - only the wild-strobe of machine gun fire lighting up the night as these trucks slam towards each other -- and finally -- Deng skidding to a stop as Sam, Nineteen, and the third SPLA SOLDIER pile out of the truck -- firing and advancing on the caravan by foot.
Donnie is strung out, but Sam is too deep in his own shit to see it.
The rage in this man is palpable.
The motorcade pulling to a stop.
Sam, a building fury...  Garang and the others loading into the helicopter, locking doors.
Sam lost here for a moment...  Sam snapping, FLASHING WITH RAGE -- Quiet.
-- burned -- "Damn it!"
After a beat Deng walks off, leaving him alone once again.
And we see Sam here too...  alone with himself... sitting at the river's edge, watching the water rolling gently past...  listening to the soft serenade of the women... the beauty of it all...  ... and then he gets up and walks into the river...  and he kneels down so that water reaches his waist (reminiscent of his first baptism in scene #35.)... and now the women on the riverbank stop their work, watching him as he closes his eyes and gently leans back...  submitting to the water... and when he comes up again we see in his eyes that his soul has been saved in this simple act.
And William is dragged to a clearing next to a grouping of tents and he's kicked to the dirt...  two other soldiers pinning him to the ground as a third grabs his feet and pulls off his shoes... William YELLING and now a handful of other LRA soldiers start to gather around...  most of them only a few years older than him... watching as his ankles are bound together and placed on a wooden block...  ... and now another soldier steps forward with an AXE...  and the crowd whips into bloodlust... shouting...  cheering...
MARCO crouched behind the new orphanage truck firing -- sees the white streak coming at him -- dives -- just as -- SAM moving closer to the rebels -- shooting -- picking them off one by one -- gunfire raking over his head -- a dozen muzzle flashes coming from everywhere -- Sam yelling over the thunder -- And we see Deng coming out of the bush to his right -- and then Nineteen to his left -- and they charge on the remaining rebels -- Sam providing covering fire -- a curtain of lead cutting through the enemy -- and just like that it's over -- Sam waving behind him -- -- and suddenly there's just a sick silence -- smoke rising from the shot-to-shit LRA trucks -- bodies strewn in the dirt -- the brand new orphanage truck bombed out and smoking on it's side.
Then there's the street itself, a six- l a n e lodeway, lanes marked with buoys, bobbing around on cables.
The pause stretching, then- DARTING OUT INTO TRAFFIC - Lincoln leads Ester by the hand like a child - across the lanes, dodging, weaving through the gaps - claxons b l a r i n g , deafening - sunflashes, blinding - a sudden shadow - a huge freight truck bearing down, no gaps ahead -- LINCOLN DRAGS ESTER TO THE GROUND - both flattening against the concrete lode-bed - the shadow engulfing them - the truck's hull runners shearing narrowly over their heads - the rush of air, sweeping off Lincoln's ballcap - rousing a storm of dust-- LINCOLN AND ESTER CHOKING - crawling onward through the dust - hull runners scudding overhead - maybe only a foot of clearance - buoy cables whipping around like cheesewire - onwards, crawling across the concrete - fighting their way across the lode-stream-- B U R D O N WATCHING from the sidewalk where Lincoln and Ester first dropped, scouring the trench for a sight of them.
The winged pig flutters over the doors of "Hog Heaven".
The winged pig flutters over the doors of "Hog Heaven".
D i g g s cocks the hammer.
They stop at a door.
The anger urging, hungry for more blood.
Eight lanes of lodeway rake through the salt flats.
They've stopped in the middle of nowhere.
Pithouses a n d coursed adobes, recreations and preserved ruins.
The thunderbolt now adding to the barrage, Burdon firing from the far side - SHOTS, BOLTS, KICKING UP A STORM OF DUST -- SUDDENLY HOLDING FIRE, waiting for the dust to clear, reloading.
D I G G S STEALS ONWARDS UP THE ROCKS - into the fog of dust - the sunlight and shadow playing tricks on his eyes - then suddenly- LINCOLN BURSTS OUT OF THE DUST - from the left - tackling the pale man - both of them toppling - tumbling down the slope -- THUDDING TO A HALT at the lip of the lode-canal - the rainmaker lost in the fall - the impact throwing up a billow of dust -- THE DUSTCLOUD - Diggs and Lincoln struggling, clawing, punching - Lincoln, with surprise on his side, gaining with the upper hand-- LINCOLN STANDS HORRIFIED - as the headless body is spun by the moving wall - dropping into the trench as the barge tails off- The westbound barge gains speed, leaving the canyon.
She pauses to review her work, shutting down the sander, slipping off her goggles and bandana.
LINCOLN SEEING THE STRAKER Z O O M I N G UP BEHIND - veering round another corner - the chassis tilting - A STEEP BANKING TURN - T H E CORSAIR HULL RUNNERS THUDDING across the buffers - recoil sending the chassis up against the concrete - SPARKS FLYING-- S C H E E R TURNING THE CORNER - the windshield suddenly sprayed with sparks - jerking back on the throttle to avoid a collision - LINCOLN FIGHTING TO CORRECT THE STEERING - seeing the straker d r o p p i n g back - a chance to gain distance - JAMMING THE THROTTLE- A N INTERSECTION APPROACHING - Lincoln can't correct his steering in time - the corsair careens at full res over the intersection-- C R A S H I N G THROUGH A GATE ARM - the ground dropping away into a steep ramp - suddenly the corsair is flying through the air-- finally nose-diving into an empty bay with a DEAFENING CRUNCH- The straker p u l l s up at the smashed gate arm.
She downs her coffee, accepts the stained tie which Al has taken off, and slams the ledger shut.
IRV and LOTTE, the middle-aged couple who own and run the place, are having an argument.
A single MAD HOWL is HEARD, followed by a PANDEMONIUM OF BARKING.
He slides the door three quarters shut behind them.
We hear a single sob escape him from that room, and then silence.
They are in each other's arms.
The Old Man is in a greatcoat and a felt hat, and he's smoking a cigar.
Then a cigar is thrown into it and sends it shimmering.
She crosses herself.
The women are left alone.
This frustrates Felix.
A last entry is made, and the ledger is shut.
She throws it on a chair.
He mumbles.
Cosmo is wearing his coat and has his hat in his hand.
Stunned at seeing Loretta, he unconsciously puts his hat on.
Cosmo puts on his hat again.
Loretta looks after him, angry and disturbed.
Mr. Johnny sticks out his hand and a cab immediately rushes to him.
The FRONT DOOR SLAMS again.
She has a hickey on her neck.
She kicks it again.
The kitchen is filled with steam and sunlight.
Suddenly Cosmo smashes his fists to the table and stands.
The Officer FIRES his Luger into the rafters.
The Officer grabs his throat.
The officer slaps him.
The Officer SHRIEKS, grabs at his neck, and falls.
He looks at the sandwiches and puts his finger to his chin in a gesture so facetious it's downright angry.
He slams the door with his foot.
An ANGRY WOMAN pushes open the swinging door of the backroom with her loaded shopping cart.
The teacher MR.
Except Kelly, who becomes increasingly irritated the more Mr. Norman talks.
And Kelly gets mad.
Bart acts casual, hands clasped behind his back.
This annoys Kelly.
Beat.
Puts his feet on the floor.
He KICKS it.
Lance PUNCHES Kelly and he reels.
Paddy pulls up to the curb in front of the house, clicks off the tape, kills the engine, and climbs out of the car.
He couldn't look more ridiculous.
Inside, a heavily-muscled FIGHTER with a mohawk, MAD DOG GRIMES (30s.), is putting a beating on his SPARRING PARTNER.
Glances at Mad Dog.
Colt looks at Mad Dog.
Mad Dog's entourage starts whispering amongst themselves.
He throws a right.
Then he DECKS HIM with a hard right, sending Mad Dog to the canvas to the shock of his entourage and Colt Boyd.
Tommy starts throwing Mad Dog around like a rag doll, striking him with vicious punches and kicks, as Fenroy pulls out his CELL PHONE and starts filming the action.
As Colt Boyd screams at Mad Dog to cover up, Tommy shoves him against the ropes and blasts away.
The entourage rushes to Mad Dog's aid, but he's out cold.
Paddy closes the door on a frustrated Colt.
The bikers raise hell as the BELL sounds.
It's a full on ass-whooping going on in there until finally, mercifully, the referee stops the butchery amidst a mixture of CHEERS from the crowd and BOOS from the bikers.
Tommy looks furious, but he doesn't get up.
Holy shit.
Incredulous.
They eyeball each other, the hate increasing.
Frank looks at Brendan with a "Who the hell is that?" expression.
As Midnight walks back toward his angry TRAINER, who expected him to finish Brendan early, the teacher heads toward a smiling Frank.
Tommy keeps a lazy eye on a monitor, where Mad Dog Grimes is fighting.
Paddy watches from the tunnel as the crowd goes insane.
"Moby Dick" plays from ear phones that are half on his head and half off.
Mad Dog Grimes holds on to Tommy's cape, trying to slow him down, and below the three of them, in miniature, is Brendan holding a sling shot.
Mad Dog and Tommy in a STARE DOWN as Josh Rosenthal attempts to give them instructions.
The Marines hoot and holler at Mad Dog as Josh Rosenthal goes over his instructions with the two fighters.
In the center of the cage, Mad Dog is practically spitting in Tommy's face.
Josh Rosenthal looks at Tommy and Mad Dog.
Tommy goes after Mad Dog like it's the last night on earth.
Mad Dog is on his back and being pounded on.
In the cage, a MEDIC tends to Mad Dog.
Smacks Stephon.
Frank screams, but there's nothing he can do.
The girls scream.
The crowd fired up by Brendan's comeback, and mesmerized by what's taking place in the cage between the brothers.
It's complete and utter chaos in there.
Tommy throws useless right jabs.
Frank is livid.
He batters the defenseless Tommy up against the cage and POUNDS away at him, blasting his left shoulder with punches that make Tommy wince in pain.
Harry grabs them and puts them in the pack.
Carter's hurt and slightly irritated by this rejection.
Thorpe vanishes into the crowd circling the floor.
He knocks on Edna's door.
Edna is furious.
Edna rushes in and slams the door.
Thorpe screams.
Thorpe screams.
There's a knock on the door.
There, he promptly throws up.
Now he's hopping mad.
Brumby throws the boy out.
Brumby stops him.
Carter moves away from the punch, then applies several sharp blows to Brumby's head and neck.
Edna screams and tries to stop the bedclothes following Carter on to the floor.
The coalhouse door is getting a terrible battering.
Keith continues, crying and angry.
Carter shuts the door, leaving Keith shouting after him.
The traffic lanes are flanked each side by pedestrian walkways.
A Sunbeam Alpine sports car waits there.
The car screams off the road into a multi-storey carpark.
Her school hat still hides her identity.
She takes her hat off.
Then the anger that drives him explodes again and he throws back the bedclothes.
Glenda climbs in and he slams the boot shut.
The door slams open.
Peter, impatient as ever, pulls a sawn-off automatic shooter from under his coat, cocks it and fires.
Carter slams his fist hard into his gut.
She screams, but its muffled by the gag.
flips to 6:00.
Eddie and the guys get out.
A CELL DOOR is SLAMMED SHUT... Henry, wearing a prison jumpsuit, watches as the guard locks the door in front of him.
He pulls Henry close, his tone suddenly intense : Henry's punched in the side of the head.
Max looks vulnerable, like a child, the coverlet pulled right up to his neck.
Henry continues... stops at the door.
A shitty apartment.
She hangs up.
A beat.
A beat.
Julie cocks her ear, mockingly.
A beat.
They stop at the door.
A beat.
A beat.
Henry looked at earlier when he was pissing.
A beat.
She storms out, punches the air, screams : Suddenly notices Max and Henry standing there.
Beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Starts to weep...  CLOSE ON DAREK : the veins on the side of his forehead pulsate with rage... Julie stands in the wings.
Throws on her robe.
That's so ridiculous to her.
He sucks his teeth.
Frank unlocks the plastic casing to the VAULT KEYPAD for Stan who punches in the CODES on the slip of paper that was inside the envelope.
Varya takes her keys and throws them on the floor.
Exits in a rage.
Eddie PUNCHES Max in the gut, then pops him in the head as he throws him back.
Max, straddling Eddie, grabs his head, bangs it on the Henry, a little dazed, picks up the gun.
Eddie, gagged and bound, lies in the middle of the tunnel as Max closes the door to the dressing room.
He grabs her.
She kicks out at him.
That hits her.
And screaming its little lungs out.
It's hot.
The slap knocks Eddie to the ground.
Steaming copper pots boiling over.
The dozing figure gives the valet a deliberate, angry KICK.
Leopold STOPS.
The compartment door snaps shut.
Leopold throws open the door and runs upstairs.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
Garbage disposal runs FULL BLAST.
A beat.
A beat.
She storms out.
SCREECHING brakes, HONKING horns, FURIOUS shouts with Leopold, horrified, caught in the middle.
Leopold GAPES, appalled.
Cars honk with mounting anger.
A beat.
Leopold immediately turns, facing the door.
From behind the dressing room door, Kate shouts to the others with irritation.
Positioned among the workers, Julia Carlson, thin, ragged, worn out, stares helplessly into the camera.
A beat.
Leopold stops her.
He rushes to her side immediately.
As she gets to the door, she stops.
Leopold abruptly throws money on the table.
Donny and Denise's boat cuts in, stealing the Sizzler's air.
The divers head for their boat, Hendricks fires up his engine, and we: Brody is trying to reason with an indignant fat man.
A wake boils out from under her skis.
Screaming, as the Shark rises from the deep and takes her.
She cocks it and fires point-blank at the shark.
A sheet of fire, she's in the middle, screaming, aflame, the Shark forgotten.
She falls into the water as the ruined boat overturns and there's an oily explosion.
The back door slams behind him.
Then, He holds the door for Brody, who walks out as Vaughn lags behind, locking up his sanctum.
Then, he's got it --- As he grabs the ruined wood, and pulls it towards him.
Mike silently storms into his room, not-so-silently slamming the door as he exits.
He splashes paint onto the wood with angry abandon.
People see the gun and scream, throwing themselves flat on the sand, running, some of them going into the water.
Tempers are running high.
The police jeep pulls up and stops; although the engine's shut down, Brody still sits quietly inside the car.
Bob gets the message and shuts up.
What's wrong?
Patrick and Lucy ram into Timmy's boat, locking into it, knocking Timmy into the water as Brooke screams.
Kids screaming.
Finally -- Patrick takes the crucial throw, and the rope practically knocks Sean off his perch, but he clutches and holds it.
under full power, heading straight for them, go crazy, waving, yelling, screaming, "Over here!"
Andy coils, and throws.
The Kids, screaming, fall into the water as the attack forces the fragile structure into pieces.
Andy is pulling himself towards the boat, scrambling up on the exposed wooden hull.
He screams at the unfeeling Shark...
Attacking.
"shit," "burgers"... Suddenly another voice rises above the others.
He'll be a hell of a good- looking man at thirty-five, he just needs to be hardened.
From the pocket WE MOVE UP the diver's suit until we see the name SIXPACK on the breastplate.
DeJesus' scream comes over his radio in the control room.
DeJesus springs for Sixpack's throat AS WE CUT TO Beck's eyes are blazing with cold authority as he speaks.
He opens his door to leave when SUDDENLY A LOUD METALLIC GROANING NOISE stops him cold.
The NOISE stops the fight between DeJesus and Sixpack cold.
Sixpack shuts up, but Beck notices the others feel the seriousness of Doc's absence during the emergency.
Willie's bunk is wallpapered in detailed interplanetary maps;  Sixpack's privacy door has a bumper sticker which proclaims:  "I MAY BE FAT, BUT YOU'RE UGLY AND I CAN DIET."
Bowman and Sixpack scrub down the walls of the dorm with a sponge and pail.
Beck stops.
It says SIXPACK.
They look up to see Sixpack at the door to the Mess wearing only a robe.
Willie doesn't bite, she looks hard at Sixpack.
Sixpack smirks.
CLOSE ON  The Pet of the Month as she smirks coyly from the centerfold, her body twisted into an awkward position representing mad desire.
Sixpack sits bolt upright in his bunk and slams his head against the roof of the bunk, then stumbles out screaming.
He hits the floor and rams his foot into a table and screams in more pain.
ON WILLIE  She has stopped in her tracks.
She throws open another door.
While the others watch, Sixpack pleads his case with Beck.
Sixpack and Jones are there too.
Sixpack scowls.
Beck stops.
Cobb, Jones, DeJesus, Bowman, and Sixpack grin and clink glasses, then knock back their vodka.
She watches Sixpack.
The Privacy door to Sixpack's bunk is slammed open.
He notices Sixpack's privacy door is still closed and bangs on it.
Sixpack pulls off his shirt.
Beck watches as Doc touches a spot and Sixpack screams in agony.
Doc and Sixpack.
Sixpack screams.
He looks over his shoulder at Sixpack, his shivering has stopped, he lies still on the table.
As Beck enters, masked, Sixpack's back is to him under the sheets.
The mess is quiet.
Sixpack's body lies under a sheet in the Sick room.
Carefully she climbs off the table and goes behind a partition to throw up.
Dead.
Through the Sick Room door we see the sheet shrouded body of Sixpack.
A THUMP!
THUMP!
Beck and Jones open the privacy door to Sixpack's bunk.
WE ARE MOVING along the ship's corridor that Willie walked looking for Sixpack.
Deserted.
There is no sign of Cobb and the door to the mess stands open.
What he sees upsets him.
Cobb carefully examines the damage WHEN SUDDENLY A SCALY HAND-LIKE APPENDAGE slams into the cabinet door trapping COBB and sending his weapon to the floor.
The door to the Mess opens and Beck slips into the shadows of the hall.
THE FOOTSTEPS MOVE ON WILLIE  She bursts out the door to the MESS and heads toward Corridor "B." Beck moves through the door to the Swamp and positions himself by the door.
Beck hits the Suit track button and his suit begins moving along the track toward the Lock.
It knocks the ax from Beck's hand and sends him to the floor.
Tim pulls the card and Beanie Baby duck from behind his back.
He immediately looks at the floor.
JOAN OSTROWSKI-FOX, middle-management sexy, if slightly too tan, puts out her hand.
Krogstad punches the car roof.
A torrent of anger rises.
He shoves him.
He shuts his eyes for a moment, exhales.
Orin hangs up, sighs, shuts off the uplifting music.
Ronald mutters to himself, frustrated with his performance.
He glances at Joan and her skirt and her exposed knee.
Tim snaps his phone shut.
Tim wears the shit-eating grin of a first-time drunk.
Dean has placed the top of a garbage can on his head.
Shit! Tim scrambles to get out of the pool.
Tim is livid.
This stops Tim in his tracks.
Tim gets up, even more pissed off than he was before.
The room goes nuts.
A violent-looking, wire-thin man in an Applebee's uniform, UNCLE KEN, 40, drives.
Tim inhales and instantly: oh fuck, Oh Fuck, OH FUCK! Tim's eyes bulge, his teeth grind.
He chokes up.
Joan and Ronald make their way through the house, clocking the aggressively angry looks as they go.
Bree protests.
Joan shoots Dean a look-- shut the fuck up.
Tim shuts his eyes.
Orin lands on his back in a deep pile of mud and hog shit.
The hogs descend.
Tim goes to his car, leaving Orin wriggling with the hogs.
The CROWD goes nuts, applauding wildly.
He is filthy-- covered in mud, sweat, hog shit and tears.
LOUD RIFLE SHOTS are heard as Dmitri bursts into the room, closing the door behind him.
Anastasia refuses to board the train.
horrified, screaming: Tatiana rushes to jump off the train after her, but is caught and held back by the ROYALIST PASSANGERS as the train CRASHES through the truck and picks up speed.
Phlegmenkof's feet fly out from under her and she SMASHES to the floor.
She watched him as he scoots into an alley, followed by the angry pack.
And to further make his point, he slams shut his window, which immediately opens a crack as he whispers to Anya.
He shuts the window, only to open it again immediately.
He shuts the window.
The clerk sticks out a sign:  "Samovar Break - back in ten minutes" and slams the window shut.
CAMERA RISES to a partially destroyed CHANDLIER ehere we see BARTOK, the bat who was with Rasputin.
Anya wanders into the partially destroyed room and bends down to inspect half of a broken plate that's lying on the floor.
who jumps, startled, as Meetoo pulls the curtain and it hits  the floor.
Rasputin grabs him by the throat.
Rasputin howls in anger and smashes his glass against the wall.
Anya immediately rises to help her.
He grabs her.
Anya is pulled up by Dmitri, with a force that knocks them both over Anya on top.
Rasputin paces, still angry at the Minions.
And he hits the floor.
Anya storms back into the cabin and slam the door behind her.
Just then, the slamming door catches the back of her dress, pulling more than half of it into the door frame.
Vladimir and Dmitri wait outside the door.
Anya watches from a distance as Dmitri climbs out of the water carrying the soaked (and pissed.)
The car slams to.
She sees Rasputin and lets out a SCREAM.
Anya, angry at him, turns away.
Vladimir starts to protest.
Dmitri stops.
The reliquary tied to his waist, he's more furious than we've ever seen him - his face literally consumed with rage and hatred.
Rasputin walks slowly toward Anya and Dmitri, burning with rage.
Realizing this is futile, Dmitri slips through the FLOOR GIRDERS and scurries towards the edge...  BELOW TEM.
Rasputin's boot SMASHES DOWN on Dmitri's hand, which grips the girder.
Re screams as they pull him off the ground.
Bartok is thrown against the side of the tower and slithers to the floor.
The scolding is cut short by an "Urge Overkill" song that SCREAMS OUT from another room.
She blows a series of ANGRY, STACCATO NOTES on her whistle.
Ruth starts to sob--big, loud, air-gulping sobs.
Six people waiting in line mutter, annoyed.
Letty stops.
Dazed.
Her mother sets it on the floor and stands.
Darkness.
Letty wears a sweatshirt emblazoned with the logo for the University of South Carolina Cocks.
She shuts the drawer.
She shuts the drawer.
A KNOCK on the door.
Michael starts to shut the box.
She moves towards the sink but stops as...  GIGGLES come from the stall.
A KNOCK on the door.
He commands a cart heaped full of useless gadgets and trinkets, a half dozen picture frames and about 20 decorative pillows.
Michael stops at a door and showcases it.
Michael pulls a blue polyester hat out of his pocket and puts it on.
On the other side of the door, Michael SCREAMS.
Her gaze stops on a Spaghetti-O's can, lying empty on the floor.
KNOCKS on the door.
Ruth pulls Letty into the apartment and shuts the door behind them.
Mrs. Brill: Leave her alone!
Ellen: Shut up!
Ridiculous.
She's tricky.
Hats and coats, please.
What's wrong with her?
And shut the window!
Michael: Supercalifragilistic- expialidocious Mr. Banks: What on earth are you talking about?
Bankruptcies.
Michael: Leave her alone!
Oh, bother!
Up on the railing.
Do you deny it?
Mr. Banks: Supercalifragilistic- expialidocious.
Mr. Banks: Supercalifragilistic- expialidocious.
The man's gone mad.
Mr. Banks: Supercalifragilistic- expialidocious.
She's the one who sings that ridiculous song.
Mr. Dawes: Mad as a march hare.
Lanky's on his knees, having grabbed him from behind.
The three men are stopped in their tracks.
SMACK!
He points up to the second floor.
He SLAMS the double doors shut and props a chair against the handles, securing them.
Bartender cocks his SHOTGUN.
The Judge FIRES into the ceiling -- The Judge's blast blows a toe off Boss Man's RIGHT FOOT as he reaches climax with Tuffy.
HEROINE (Native American, rugged, ripped pants, wickedly hot.) rushes in, slams the doors shut and instinctively kicks up the RUST RED SHOTGUN.
Shadows of THREE SHRIEKING BEASTS close in on the window...  Bartender runs across the bar and SLAMS shut the thick wood shutters.
Heroine eyes the destroyed phone.
Bozo's insult hangs in the air.
SLAM-SLAM!
Hero lowers into the back seat and starts to close the roof as STRIPPED COUSIN BEAST lands on top of the car...  Stripped Cousin Beast PUNCHES through the back window, reaching for them.
The door shuts and locks.
Bozo jumps when he sees the gore and the bloody shoes from Cody's attack.
Roadie jams a pipe into the little door, bracing it shut.
Bozo gets off the floor again.
He dumps them on the floor.
Sister Beast #1 and Sister Beast #2 punch through the tiny wall fan and GRAB Belle by the scalp.
Bozo kicks and punches the door.
She jams the backing into the lock.
Roadie kicks open the door and FIRES at the Sisters.
SMACK!
Bozo SLAPS Coach's ass.
WHIP!
Bozo grabs a cloth rag and moves to the alcohol bottles.
Bozo stuffs the cloth rag into one of the bottles.
From her knees, Heroine fires.
He grabs the exposed, sparking end.
Heroine THROWS the shotgun at him and pulls out the MACHETE.
She slams closed the door as Teen Beast regains its composure and lunges.
Heroine screams as the elevator shakes.
Heroine SLAMS into the ceiling, kicking and yelling.
Tuffy KNOCKS Adulterer's shotgun up, takes the gun, and rips open the keg door.
Tuffy slams the keg door shut.
Bartender expels a shell from The Judge and hands it over.
THUD!
From beyond the walls, they can hear high-pitched SCREAMS.
With a final furious strike, a few wood planks splinter.
It explodes, bursting open the wall and knocking back Papa Beast.
Teen Beast madly rips floor boards away, moving towards Para's table.
Teen Beast bursts through the floor, knocking Para to the floor.
Bozo floors it.
It moves in for the kill.
With the peddle to the floor, Bartender drives.
Heroine screams!
SMACK!
SMACK!
SMACK!
Heroine kicks in the door and...  There's a note on a teddy beer that says, "WE WENT TO THE The shudders SMACK against the wall.
The place is torn to hell.
The Man in Tan creaks his neck.
A DRIVER, holding a bloody rag to his nose, gets out and moves to the back door.
The conductor punches it and hands it back.
He punches it, hands it back to her, and walks away.
She turns, annoyed, sees who it is and her face lights up.
This shuts Clementine up.
The kids start chanting, "fight, fight, fight... "  Joe Early throws a wild punch that hits Joel in the side.
Joel miserably smashes the bird repeatedly with the hammer.
She sobs.
He pulls the electrodes off of Joel's scalp, coils cable, packs bags.
Then, out of frustration, she screams.
A young, female OFFICER -- holding her hat to her head -- rushes to greet Norman, as he climbs out of the helicopter.
The door stops, it's open, it's quiet.
ON THE SCREEN as it changes: Harry pauses, looks down, and punches more keys...  ON THE SCREEN -- as it expands in size, widens around them, curving... WE SEE a galaxy of stars, planets coming OFF THE SCREEN, into the room, becoming three dimensional, suspended in air, giving the illusion of depth.
A beat.
ANGLE ON Norman's pen -- as he stops writing, the NOISE stops.
She convulses.
CLOSES it shut.
THUMP.
They're thrown against the wall.
THUMP!
FIRE ROARS out from the walls...  CLOSE ON FIRE EXTINGUISHER CASE -- Beth whips it open, grabs it.
She looks DOWN THE CORRIDOR at... BARNES -- on the floor, flailing in the water, SCREAMING, as his legs are caught in a CRACK in the wall.
BARNES -- his body falling through the crack, his HEAD BANGS into the wall, stuck in the crack, water choking him...  ... trying to SCREAM, his NECK RIPPING, SNAPS, and his body vanishes into the ocean.
FIRE blasts out from the wall...  BETH and NORMAN (still with Ted.) wearing GAS MASKS, RUSH into the room... Beth sprays WHITE FOAM on the fierce FLAMES, licking up the side padding, smoke boils to the cieling.
BANG!
BANG!
A beat. "Stop calling me Jerry" The MONITOR shuts off.
Grabs HANDHOLDS, and PULLS himself up into the POCKET OF AIR trapped inside the dome.
BANG!
THUMP!
BANG!
BANG!
Norman SCREAMS.
Harry throws Norman onto the floor.
Unhooks his helmet -- Norman BREATHES, fast and furious.
What the hell?
SHUTS the door.
A beat...
The door to the room is closed.
Beth takes the syringe from her palm, and STABS Harry in the SHOULDER.
Norman BANGS it against the wall, trying to bust the LOCK.
COCKS it.
He SLAMS the HATCH DOOR, on top of her, BASHING her head down.
He slips.
Shivering.
He stops outside a door, pushes the towel from his head to his neck and puts his hand on the knob.
He refuses to be baited.
Macreedy stops a few feet from him, waiting until the boy prints "T.J.".
Coley is flustered, his face blood-shot with fury.
The NOISE continues.
Macreedy ducks, weaving with the punch.
Now he doubles shut the knife in his hand.
In sudden frustration, Pete grabs the deck of cards on the clerk's desk and slams them down hard.
He shivers.
Rage comes into Macreedy's face, turning it a painful red.
A bullet smashes into the flowers, exploding tiny cruel fragments of dirt into Macreedy's face.
She lies there.
The newspaperman (WITHOUT A PRESS CARD IN HIS HAT.) stands to one side with Pete.
Hector's hat hides the bandage on his head.
The Maitre'd reluctantly shows them to a shitty table.
With that, Harry SHUTS the fridge door.
Dying.
I hate to eat and run but... No, wait.
Then they hear Marin SCREAM "MOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!" Erica and Zoe bust into the room and find Harry .on the floor, leaning against the bed, a clenched fist on his chest.
When he shuts his eyes, it goes BLACK.
She blows on the steam.
The Women muffle screams.
The CLOCK tells us it's a little after ONE A.M. Annoyed by the ringing phone, she points her remote at the CD Player and stops' the song.
Erica SLAMS HER DOOR.
The Sound of a DOOR SLAM.
Harry rushes them On Erica's shocked expression, the DOOR SLAMS.
Right to the middle of her shoulder, then her neck.
Oh shit.
The moment is broken when they HEAR the FRONT DOOR OPEN and Marin ARRIVES IN THE DOORWAY in a knockout of a dress holding a bag from Zabars.
Marin flips her phone shut and tosses it in her purse.
He likes my mother??? Then a flash of jealousy.
A KNOCK on the door.
It's rabbit you hate.
I'll give you a list of everything he likes and dislikes.
I've had my bearings my whole fucking life.
They're both out of words.
Is it Harry?
Fucking men.
You don't care when I say fuck, do you?
It's loud.
A fire burns in the fireplace.
I'm mad at you.
I think I'm mad at you too.
Harry walks briskly through the park, still pissed, his pace starting to get to him.
McGraw goes down screaming.
While Pete lies on the floor behind the counter bleeding from his bullet wound, he opens his floor safe and pulls out a gun from it.
Pete screams from behind the counter.
Jacob and Kate are left alone.
She squirms and shuts her eyes.
We hear GUNFIRE and SCREAMS.
Jacob (pissed.)
KNOCK...  KNOCK... KNOCK...  on the door.
He grabs it, turns back to the door, takes a couple of steps towards it, then stops: in his tracks.
Kate, startled, screams.
SETH HAULS off and PUNCHES Richard smack in the head.
Seth throws his head back and SCREAMS for joy.
Everybody else is still tense as shit.
The neon sign sits on top of the rudest, sleaziest, most crab-infested, strip joint, honky-tonk whorehouse in all of Mexico.
Signs cover the walls outside reading things like: "ATHENA AND DANNY THE WONDER PONY", and "THE SLEAZY TITTY In the parking lot, a BIKER and a TRUCK DRIVER beat the shit out of each other, one with a pipe, the other with a hammer.
A SECOND BIKER fucks a Titty Twister WHORE against the wall.
Chet lets out a SCREAM.
Seth HOOKS him with a powerful FIST UNDER his CHIN that SNAPS Chet's HEAD BACK, and THROWS him on his BACK.
Richard stays behind for a second, and gives the fallen Chet a few, swift kicks, If the Titty Twister looked like the asshole of the world from the outside, in the immortal words of Al Jolson, "You ain't seen nothin' yet."
Richard gives Jacob a buddy punch on the shoulder.
Seth looks at the guy, still pissed.
They both knock 'em back and slap the empty glasses down.
Both brothers FIRE on Chet.
Chet's blown left...  right... left...  right... then drops, pointing their guns towards the crowd.
SLOW MOTION: It splatters to the floor.
Kate yells from the floor.
Richard LETS LOOSE with an agonizing SCREAM.
A WHORE locks the front door (which is a complicated lock with steel rods going into the ground.),
Naked strippers and bikers wail the shit out of each other.
Santanico gives Seth a SWINGING ROUND HOUSE PUNCH to the JAW, that sends him FLYING over a table, SLIDING ACROSS the FLOOR and INTO the WALL.
Big Emilio picks up a biker who stabbed him with a switchblade and throws the poor bastard from one end of the bar to the other.
Charlie FEELS the HIT.
Santanico SCREAMS as she GOES UP IN FLAMES.
Tipping over tables, knocking fighting vamps and humans alike on their asses on his way to stamp out Seth and Jacob.
They BANG on the door, but it's useless.
Fangs are now exposed.
The outside of the Titty Twister is literally covered with hats, CLAWING, FLAPPING, GNAWING, trying like hell to get inside.
She lets out a scream.
Frost leaves Jacob with the fire, comes from behind and GRABS the bat-thing and YANKS it off of Seth.
Jacob PUNCHES Seth in the mouth, sending him to the floor.
It immediately reminds the group of the deep, deep shit they're in.
Then he hears a deep, MALE VOICE say: "Who the fuck was that?" he thinks to himself.
Frost SCREAMS as Sex Machine grabs hold of him and BITES into his neck.
Frost HOPS around the room, mad as a hornet, holding his bleeding neck.
He smacks the shit out of Kate.
Sex Machine lets loose with his punch, Seth, Scott and Kate look up from the floor.
The bat-thing's head, which is inside, screams, howls and snaps in fury.
Jacob recites the verse from the bible in a threatening, mean, mother fucking, servant of god tone.
The door SLAMS shut.
Seth explodes, knocking over boxes, busting chairs, tipping over tables and cussing a blue streak.
A lot of what they find is bullshit.
They are in a mad frenzy.
The bat-thing bursts into a ball of screaming fire.
Scott screams bloody murder as his dad begins to drain him of blood.
He lets go of Scott, screaming, and drops the .45 on the floor.
He screams as it bites into him.
Scott screams.
Now seven bat-things are on Scott biting and sucking blood.
The scorched vamps scream like they've never screamed before.
The vamps hiss and scream at the frustration of not being able to get at them.
All around the vamps combust in fiery explosions.
Quietly, he shuts the door.
V cocks the gun.
He slams a shoulder against it and the door gives in.
Dennis finishes with the Bishop's robes and sweeps the closet door shut.
Finch punches "play".
Over the small speaker, we sear Evey protesting to V, then run.
He shuts off the tape.
She points at a jagged puncture wound at the base of the man's sternum with a ball point pen.
Derek stares at the gun, rage building.
He slams the phone down, charging out of the room.
He screams to the Fingermen at the back.
The man stops.
Finch snaps Dr. Surridge's journal shut.
Susan punches the desk.
And punches it again until his fist hurts.
Evey screams.
The iron door slams shut, lock ringing in the stale air.
The cage in the elevator rattles shut.
Susan is outraged but when he gives chase he trips over his pants.
Evey cocks an eyebrow.
A player locks on as a recorded program begins.
It is brutal and quick, knives slicing in bloody arcs, bodies kicked and thrown with superhuman power.
V emerges from an elevator and immediately attacks several more guards.
V stops.
The door shuts behind them and they are alone.
The door explodes open.
Dominic jumps, immediately searching the printout.
Victims.
The door slaps open.
The gates are chained shut.
Above, a window blind that was cracked open snaps shut.
Other soldiers rush towards the screams and gunfire but they find only five bodies and warm blood running down the walls.
Bullets knock V back a bit but he continues, grabbing the knife and standing.
Eyes widening with disbelief, the Leader fires another blast as V begins walking towards him.
The crowd explodes.
The crowd screams as one and their scream becomes -- The train hurling like a bullet through a gun barrel.
The pompous Maitre d'hotel now becomes a thing of drama as he demands of a waiter: The waiter, frightened and perspiring, doesn't bother to argue -- he tears off quickly (CAMERA FOLLOWING HIM.) to another service table.
In bending himself, Kringelein drops his hat.
Baron picks up the hat and considerately brushes it with his sleeve.
There is a knock at the door -- a certain kind of knock.
Her coat, over one shoulder, is ragging, she lets it drop and moves slowly into the center of the room.
Grusinskaya begins suddenly to sob.
Imitating the doctor, he repeats: He puts his hat on the knob of the bed.
The noise continues over her.
They move towards the door.
There is a knock at the door.
Grusinskaya shuts the door.
Kringelein's hat has fallen from the stool upon the floor.
The Baron throws the cards into the middle of the table and turns to Kringelein: Kringelein seats himself, puts his glass of champagne down on the table.
Baron shuts door and pauses.
She throws off her hat and takes off her coat.
In his mad rage, Preysing, hits again with the telephone.
"What the hell is this -- what is it."
It is in darkness.
THE CAMERA waits at a distance shooting from door as Preysing, with a plain clothes man on either side of him, leaves, moving towards THE CAMERA.
Kringelein and the police officer move towards the desk in ear shot.
As he starts to pull him out he yells: The other boys lie flat on the ice, forming a human chain.
She reacts to this.
As he pushes her through the kitchen door, he slaps her fanny.
She screams.
The floor begins to part in the middle, each half sliding under the bleacher seats.
Dancers begin to scream as they try to get off.
Potter's face is grim with hatred.
The "frustrated old man" remark was gall in his veins.
He is interrupted by a babble of talk, as the directors take up the argument George, visibly shaken, is busy with his bag, his papers.
Mrs. Bailey puts George's hat on his head.
Violet is furious and talking in a loud voice, and George is trying to quiet her.
As Mary comes into the hall, she stops by the phonograph, which is still playing "Buffalo Gals," takes off the record with a jerk, and smashes it against the machine.
George has stopped, hat in hand, to hear the first greetings.
An ominous SOUND of angry voices comes from the other room.
This has been accomplished by rolling up his pants and putting on an old coachman's hat.
Bert slams Ernie's hat on his head.
In a cold rage, Potter grabs his paper and wheels off toward his office.
The teller opens it, starts to punch it with rubber stamps.
He throws Uncle Billy down into his chair, and still shouts at him: George turns and heads for the door, kicking viciously at a waste basket on the floor as he goes.
Over the phone we hear Mrs. Welch's voice sputtering with protest.
Without any warning, the burly man throws a vicious punch at George, who goes down and out.
The noise brings the owner of the house running out.
As Clarence speaks, George cocks his head curiously, favoring his deaf ear, more interested in his hearing than in what Clarence has said.
A crowd of people are watching the police, who are raiding the place, and dragging out a number of screaming women, whom they throw into a patrol wagon.
It is a cruel blow to George.
She slams the door shut in George's face.
Bert gets into the police car, and, siren screaming, sets off in pursuit of George.
WALTER lurks in the background, nowhere to go, emptying one of many FILLED ASHTRAYS, BOTHERED by the SMOKE.
Nelle and Truman are left alone.
Beat.
She cracks up.
Truman puts down his drink and marches out of the room, shuts the door.
At the top of the steps the COURTHOUSE DOORS slam shut.
FADE IN: Truman knocks on the door, a NEWSPAPER, a BOOK, and a PAPER BAG in his hand.
The BOOK Truman gave to Dorothy lies on the floor next to Perry's meticulously made bed.
The officer opens the courtroom doors.
Judge turns to Perry and Dick.
Dick turns to Perry.
Perry lies back down.
Dick is lying in bed.
We hear the GATE slam shut.
Perry stops.
The Guard shuts the door.
The GATE slams shut.
LINDA MURCHAK (30.) walks in the kitchen back door, shuts it.
The Guard SLAMS it shut.
Perry and Dick walk in with a flashlight.
He kicks it shut.
Perry, Dick, a Guard.
Jean takes Gina's rag and begins cleaning his mess, seemingly compliant.
'scram'.).
He wills it to stop.
Benny turns off the piano and lights a roach, angry at Jean's self-centeredness.
Jean digs through a pile of garbage.
It crawls over his drawing towards a cardboard box.
She balls up the drawing and puts it in her pocket.
Benny throws the ball to Jean.
OFF SCREEN WE HEAR the sounds of Gina coming home: The LOCK turns.
Artist #2 is still mad at Rene.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
He offers it to Rene, who refuses.
Rene fumes.
Everyone's eyes are shut.
Paintings lie on the floor.
We hear the SOUND of the piss.
The background is a piss painting.
They beat the shit out of him.
He walks to the door, leaving the drawing on the floor.
He sees Jean Michel, taking a piss on the landing.
He shuts the door quietly.
The duck lying in the street.
He's hurting.
The doors are locked.
Mr. Spergazzi tips his hat to the doorman, who opens the inner door for him.
He picks up another scalpel and perfunctorily sticks it into his neck.
Hobbes's body is twisted into the fetal position at the foot of the table, one hand still clutching the scalpel stuck in its neck, the floor beneath it bright with blood.
She knocks gently on the door.
The window swing shut.
The girl, startled, slams the box door shut.
She turns and walks angrily out of the room, slamming the door behind her.
Nicholas Tudor lies flat on his back in bed on top of the covers.
She turns in disbelief to her husband and then screams at the top of her lungs.
Insane giggles echo down the chute, followed by the slam of the chute door somewhere several floors above.
St. Luc is thrown to the concrete floor.
After a furious moment or two, he suddenly stops, drops the poker, and stares at the body in horrified disbelief.
From inside the apartment we hear several muffled voices, at first angry and indignant, then pleading and terrified.
Finally, after a particularly noisy outburst by Mrs. Spergazzi, Forsythe picks up the doctor's bag, unchains the door, and leaves.
She breaks down.
St. Luc pulls the doorman's gun out of its holster and begins smashing away at the doorman with it.
He lies stiffly on the bed on his back, mouth insanely agape, eyes shut, covers half on the floor.
He stops at the kitchen door.
He stares in rage at Tudor.
With a scream, Rollo strikes Tudor with the pliers.
The water boils with his exhaled breath.
Somewhere an engine starts up, then another and another, until the whole garage is full of fumes and the revving of engines.
At which point, JENSEN PULLS A KNIFE...  ...and tosses it into the center of the circle.
Jensen grins and STABS IT down into the pot.
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE FIRESTORM: All Pooch can see is FLAMES through the WINDSHIELD as they plow through the destruction.
The guys scream as they PLUNGE OVER IT...  WHOOMP!
The Blackhawk's tail rotor SHEARED OFF, the chopper spinning and falling but still intact...  Pooch, the pilot, from somewhere SCREAMING: The SECOND MISSILE from the MiG SLAMS INTO THE BLACKHAWK proper.
THREE FLOORS UP and it has BARS ON IT.
HOLD on the smoldering ruins.
A man with a cowboy hat walks among them.
Hat pulled low as fireworks explode above...  Phoenix, Arizona.
Clay watches close as it pulls into a parking spot...  Clay, seeing one of the COPS say something to the other... Roque FIRES UP THE ENGINE as the COPS get out of the cruiser.
Honky- tonk on the juke, mix of sawdust and blood on the floor.
It's getting annoying.
Shit.
Fists SMASHING.
A FACE KICK, plaster SMASHES.
This EXPLODES against a wall.
A Bollywood musical BLARES from a TV loud enough to cover up the SOUNDS OF BEGGING...  THREE INDIAN SCIENTISTS -- A short guy, a tall guy, and a really fat guy -- On the floor, BOUND, terrified, looking up at a tough looking bastard standing over them -- WADE.
As the poor bastard FALLS AND SCREAMS...
INTERRUPTED as a DOOR CREAKS OPEN - Clay and Roque immediately have their PISTOLS OUT facing down an entering COUGAR is with him.
A beat.
A beat.
A MULTI STAGED NUCLEAR SHRED BLAST -- Trees, earth, water are sucked in then -- HURLED OUTWARDS in a series of SHOCK WAVES and fire balls.
Soldier One's THROAT is smack dab in the middle of it.
The pilots turn as TWO MACHINE GUNS jam up on them from out of the darkness.
The Driver SLAMS the truck in reverse, FLOORS IT -- Cougar FIRES AGAIN -- the other front wheel DETONATES, and the truck's nose SLAMS down on the asphalt GRINDING SPARKS!
SECURITY MEN CHOKE, lost in the SMOKE...  COUGAR pumps a round into the EMPTY CHASE VAN -- Armor- glass BLASTING APART, showering the roadway -- Fennel DIVES for cover, PANICKING -- Lifts the radio to his lips: ROQUE fires another TEAR GAS GRENADE into the melee -- CIVILIANS running and screaming -- TOTAL PANDEMONIUM -- As the CHASE VAN is BLOWN APART behind them!
It bellies in low, the boarding ramp already lowering... Wade crouch-runs to the SWAT TRUCK, HAMMERING the rear The doors BURST OPEN and the SWAT Team CRASH-ROLLS the precious CARGO CRATE towards the Chinook's boarding ramp -- SWAT Guys laying down point cover as their comrades hustle the crate into the Chinook's WINDOWLESS HOLD.
Squinting through the fumes...  CLAY STANDS ALONE.
They're fucked.
Sniveling, spilling his guts rapidly: Clay JAMS A GUN to his temple...  BLAM! Clay FIRES - INCHES FROM Fennel's HEAD! Fennel They stare down at him in disbelief...
SCREEN-GRABS from TRAFFIC CAMERAS -- CLAY, ROQUE, and JENSEN in the towncar during the heist.
A KNOCK on Clay's door.
Fed up, Pooch SHUTS THE ENGINE like dad in the family truckster.
DOORS SHUT before they can protest...  HENDERSON, a middle aged mid-level manager reaches for his phone as the secretary looks on from her desk.
Keying his RADIO EARPIECE: Jensen, heading for it...  Jensen slow turns to find THREE GUNS trained straight at him.
Fingers cocked like a gun aimed at the guard's Kevlar covered vest.
Knock at the door again.
The door SPLINTERS INWARDS and -- Roque and Pooch behind him, GUNS DRAWN.
BOOM! Jensen, falls back screaming, HIT IN THE SHOULDER -- Aisha, moving and firing, running for the bathroom nude -- The guys UNLOADING AT HER -- she dives through the doorway -- HOLES PUNCHED IN THE WALL behind Clay's head as she RETURNS FIRE through the drywall -- Clay, diving to the floor below the crossfire -- Aisha kicks the BATHROOM DOOR SHUT -- And suddenly EVERYONE'S RELOADING.
Our guys VAULT the railing, sprinting to the van...  POOCH, sliding behind the wheel as the others pile in... Pooch hits the gas before his door is even shut.
The bullet strikes the tail rotor DEAD CENTER -- it SHORTS and spins off -- sending the chopper itself into a spin -- COLLIDING with it's TWIN CHOPPER on the right -- they both twist and hink up -- their ROTORS SLICING INTO EACH OTHER -- both FINALLY CAREENING ONTO THE FREEWAY BEHIND Our guys.
He flips the phone shut.
A WINDOW SMASHES.
Then: A beat.
A beat.
Then: Clay turns to him as -- WHAM! -- a CROWBAR SMASHES DOWN on his head!
Except for PAR-SEC GUARDS with weapons trained at his head...  Pooch sitting in the van, into the radio: Does not see the FIVE PAR-SEC SOLDIERS moving in on his car, long guns up and out... Cougar flexed and aimed.
Fuck.
Furious at himself for GETTING CAUGHT...  From the shadows, WADE ENTERS.
Pushing him towards the door.
The guards hustle Clay out the door...  PAR-SEC GUARDS lead the Pooch, Jensen, and Cougar towards the far end of the terminal.
The guards laugh at their colleague, who continues trying to grab Cougar's hat.
The Truck Clay is prisoner in is BLOWN INTO THE AIR by the SHOCKWAVE...  SMASHING down onto it's side, skidding... Cougar and Jensen DESTROY the remaining Par-Secs with legs.
Piling in! Cougar behind the wheel GUNS THE ENGINE and they PEEL OUT... Pulling on to the HIGHWAY.
As the FENCE by the AIRSTRIP is SMASHED INWARDS by the Van! Headed straight for him!
He fires ANOTHER BURST from his weapon at the Vette!
He PULLS IT and SLAMS IT into Roque's belly!
The big plane EXPLODES in a MONSTER FIREBALL--VA DOOOM!
Then: He snaps the phone shut and tosses it into the fire.
A NOISE makes her cock her ear: it's as if something had hit the window in the next room.
He looks as if he's in his late twenties, plump and slightly greasy, and obviously infatuated with his beautiful employer, who has just interrupted her playing with an annoyed sigh.
Suddenly, Rudolph brushes away his plate off the table with an angry movement, and turns away from Xenia.
Then she starts to sob, but tries to hide it from her brother.
They quarrel.
He feels he's being badly treated and hates the Baron for his insults.
The schoolteacher stops.
She starts to sob again: Long PAUSE.
The doctor doesn't know whether to be angry or to laugh about the whole matter.
The father wears a hat and overcoat.
The father unbuttons his over coat, throws the hat on the sofa and sits down.
The latter screams angrily: The loud dispute has now also awakened Florian, who says in a drowsy voice: Florian gets up himself and patters to the window.
The knocked-over stool still lies beneath his dangling feet.
The doctor goes over and slaps her.
His whole head is wrapped up in rags.
He's out of breath, furious, and tries to speak quietly Georg looks at his father, "not understanding".
At that moment, attracted by the noise, Emma, the mother, appears: The mother's arrival has snapped the father out of his blind rage.
He glances at her, then turns to the boy again, breathless with excitement, but forcing himself to be calm: The mother looks uncomprehendingly from one to the other, then turns pleadingly to her husband: Again the mother looks from one to the other, trying to save the situation: The steward turns to her, annoyed by her insistence, looks at her for a long moment, then at Georg again and turns on his heels and leaves the room.
Annoyed, the Baron leaves the room with him.
makes him look toward the steward's house: the steward comes out with the midwife, and it looks like he's throwing her out with a flood of angry insults.
The schoolteacher looks annoyed.
The schoolteacher stops.
Everything is well shut.
Her expression says: "Oh, shit."
Principal Merkin narrows his eyes at the "little bastard" who has been making his life hell.
Zukerman and two other IMPATIENT ATTORNEYS wait at the head of the table.
Ted and Charlie awkwardly hide the panty halves behind their backs.
Who can blame them?
Shouting in his ear...
Rubbing herself against him.
It kills him to return it.
That stings.
NEEDLEMAN, another angry man from Principal Merkin's posse, jumps on the bandwagon.
A large flat screen hangs on the wall.
Neglected.
Stick to the script.
As they reach the doors... Ginger storms away in an angry huff.
He fumbles.
Steam rising.
But we can tell she's upset.
Which distract him.
Randolph slams the briefcase shut, startling the couple.
The network CEO, a hog of a man, cuts him off.
Nora kicks the table in frustration.
Sheldon stops.
John shuts the door.
Nora stops.
An angry Sheldon storms off in frustration, but then stops.
Randolph sneaks into the prop room and shuts the door.
He smells it.
She looks pissed, but then looks over at the kids in the bleachers.
They beat the shit out of him and toss him through the exit door.
Angelo punches Randolph in the mouth and flips him over.
Sheldon escorts Ben out the door and slams it shut.
Sheldon punches line two.
Merv gets in behind him and shuts the door.
Sheldon shuts the door and sighs.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
He cocks his arm and throws a punch.
Danny's fist FILLS the FRAME, TURNING IT BLACK as we hear the PUNCH.
People who are trying to eat their dinner look annoyed.
On his way out the door, Tommy stops Sheldon.
A look of utter frustration now comes over Randolph.
Randolph drops to his knees on the table, looks skyward, and screams.
A beat later, Nora enters and shuts the door.
They pull Spinner/Moochy from the trunk and toss his body by some garbage cans, knocking a few over.
Merv's pleading stops.
Sheldon grabs it and points it at Randolph who lies on the floor, blubbering like a child.
Randolph lets out a blood curdling scream.
Sheldon slaps the cylinder into place and tucks the gun in his waistband.
They throw money at Smoochy.
BUGGY CURSES in frustration.
Nora screams.
It's chaos.
Sheldon jumps up and takes the gun from Nora.
Sheldon cocks the gun.
They slam the doors shut.
top.location.href=location.href
DOYLE reaches under his seat for the straw surveillance hat - throws it up to read ledge of car.
traffic through which DOYLE moves.
SAL putting garbage into cans.
The Young Man is thrown in, followed by DOYLE and RUSSO.
There is a hell of a crash and slamming behind it.
The AUCTIONEER wears a sweater and hat.
Suddenly it reaches a crescendo and he screams out in orgasm.
The look of anger turns to one of consternation as NICOLI reacts to her.
He gives it a juggle and the lock is free but the door moves grudgingly.
RUSSO turns his head in anger.
DOYLE cuts into the next lane to a lot of horn-blowing and comes to a dead, screeching stop.
He throws open the door and hurls himself out.
Hold on her as the car moves on, DOYLE's head turning as he continues to move with the traffic.
Where the hell is CHARNIER's surveillance?
A view from CHARNIER's position of DOYLE chasing the train, anger and hatred and frustration storming across his face.
The officer goes after him and traps him against the door between cars.
DOYLE sticks his head out the window to look up at the tracks as the DRIVER of the truck screams.
They are upset over the missed stop.
NICOLI burns him; one gut shot.
The car turns to pandemonium of screams.
Medium close shot of GARAGE ATTENDANT holding the door of the Lincoln open for SAL, shutting it and taking the ticket from the windshield.
Close shot of DOYLE throwing the car into gear and shooting down the street.
Overhead view of this headlight and flashlight arena of about 10 or 12 DETECTIVES forming small clusters, throwing these guys up against cars, pulling their arms around behind them and throwing cuffs on them while others rapidly frisk them for weapons, taking away one pistol, a couple of knives.
Suddenly he points down field, pulls up and cocks his arm.
O'Neil throws the phone down.
This is DANIEL    BATEMAN, a big,    young, psychotic cop,    who immediately    runs over the poor Biker who    was listening at    the door, kicking the guy    in the head as    he goes by.
One of the assistants throws open the door.
Pow!
The ball hits the old guy right in the back of the head, knocking off his porkpie hat and dropping him to the pavement like a bullet.
Reese coolly gives them the international suck my dick sign.
McGinty thinks this is funny as shit.
He's sitting in front of a locker, holding his football, with a shit-assed-eating grin.
POW!
As he pisses, Walter has his Bible propped open behind the flush handle so he won't miss a minute of scripture.
By now Shane is pissing too.
They continue pissing as they hold hands.
The idea is to knock the other guy down and get by him.
McGinty turns and bums an egg from Mickey and walks to the middle of the locker room.
They look drunk already as they cheer like mad.
They are laughing their asses off as they watch on a personal TV.
Jamal then goes to punch Lee, he misses and nails Shane in the back of the helmet.
He's livid on the sidelines.
As his offensive line comes off he rants at them.
This is the same mafioso type who saw Lou kick the ball that knocked the godfather's hat off.
Everyone is lying on the floor.
ON McGINTY He looks extremely pissed.
He sets up for the kick.
Everybody goes nuts.
They pound on each other.
They stop at a door.
Crack!
Annabelle punches her in the nose with a straight right hand.
When he stands, he screams again.
They break.
Then he pulls out the dirt and grass, and we see Shane really pissed off for the first time.
He's still trying to pry the ball loose as he throws off Jamal.
Annabelle is screaming "Whoa!" to that hit.
They scream!
Pacifico boots the shit out of it.
Suddenly, Lamont cuts in front of him and yells: Lamont sees an open lane and Shane follows him.
Dan looks guilty, but still angry.
The Dallas MIDDLE LINEBACKER yells at Shane.
Most of the Dallas players are down and screaming.
He cocks and throws, and simultaneously gets decked by Butler.
He spikes the shit out of the ball.
Annabelle throws a punch into the air.
The Washington Redskins first-string quarterback is so pissed off he jumps up from his seat and turns quickly to go up the steps and out of the stadium.
He grabs his knee and screams.
It's the moans of a Couple fucking.
Behind them Mr. Brooks pushes the door fully open and slips into the ROOM.
She can't take her eyes off Mr. Brooks and she can't stop screaming.
The screaming stops.
It's loud.
Her pent-up anger and frustration rip the air and she goes nuts.
She punches the wall of the elevator, kicks it, throws herself to the other side, bangs her head against that wall, punches it, kicks it, all the while screaming.
The screams stop and she settles upright against the back wall, where she strikes her chest repeatedly with the flat of her closed hand.
After a second ring a: The phone is shut, the umbrella unfurled and the darkness swallows her up.
The lane lines are in place.
All Meeks' talk has allowed Atwood to catch her breath and suddenly she jerks her head up into the gun and screams at the top of her lungs.
A startled Meeks is thrown off balance.
Blood immediately begins to cascade over her brow.
SMASH!
His expression hasn't changed.
He shuts the door.
RAP-RAP!! There's a sudden sharp KNOCK!!, on the Driver's window.
The Officer's flashlight illuminates a short ENTRYWAY with a HALL immediately off to the left and the LIVING ROOM fading into darkness, straight ahead.
She shuts the Refrigerator.
The Door is stuck.
He shuts off his flashlight.
BANG!
He's dead.
The door is shut.
He jumps and a scream squeaks out of his throat.
The floor under him CRREEEKKS!
Sheila opens her mouth to scream.
The slug explodes the plaster on the other side of Atwood's head.
SMACK!
Atwood's third shot takes the hat off Meeks head.
BANG! Atwood sucks in her breath.
The screams stop and a misfiring set of neurons causes Mr. Smith to stand up straight and wobbling, look directly at Mr. Brooks.
A FELLOW OFFICER stops in the door.
And the garbage man too, for that matter.
Over the IDLING ENGINE of the garbage truck, Eddie and Donato HEAR the deal going down on the RADIO.
Kosalas is finally pissing against the wall.
With a grunt he sags to the floor.
Kosalas kicks in the door.
The jet's engines shut down, the door opens, and a grim but handsome man emerges.
Diana is pissed.
Diana is really angry at her father ignoring her.
He slaps her.
He pops up with his gun pointed at the Prowler's controller.
In the car with Gamiani, a fat man, TITO, is at the wheel.
She's visibly upset.
She is angry now, and walks away from him.
They rush the door and SMASH it, SHOUTING and scrambling into the apartment.
Cragie comes by and slaps him on the back.
Eddie gives his sparring partner, Howard, a furious series of blows, driving him back.
PUNCH!
PUNCH!
Eddie goes back to punching.
The neighbor, Tito, and Tony's mother are instantly killed.
Next door, a neighbor, wearing only his underpants and carrying an old pistol, stands trembling in disbelief.
They stop at Eddie's door.
They pull out their guns, and kick the door in.
He steps up to the door in back and kicks it in.
Eddie lifts the head once and gives Degas one punch in the face that sends him ass over teakettle across the floor.
The battle is on.
Scalese's car hits the median at high speed, rolls, and slides SCREAMING into a concrete pillar and EXPLODES.
Eddie's car is on fire now, and the doors have been rammed shut.
The explosion knocks him to his knees.
He is mad and loud.
And in the distance, the Prowler senses the insult and immediately turns its camera eye up to him.
The two guards, their guns flying from their hands, are hammered back into the room by Eddie who blasts through the door after them.
Nelly shuffles over to a tetherball and takes a furious WHACK at it.
Needy PLUNGES through the window, screaming and brandishing a HAMMER.
People SCREAM and scatter.
Jennifer falls to her knees, her screams turning to jagged, insane laughter.
Needy tries to run, but Jennifer grabs her and THROWS her against the wall with superhuman force, pinning her.
A single, stifled sob rises from the class.
Jennifer is annoyed.
He stops in his tracks when he hears the scream.
Another scream, this time weaker.
She stops and braces herself against the counter, her KNEES SHAKING.
Mr. Wroblewski begins to scream.
His MOTHER screams and begins beating the ground with her fists.
Mr. Wroblewski clears his throat, annoyed by their talking.
We can hear him screaming and gargling on his own blood.
She begins moaning, then SCREAMING at that top of her lungs.
Needy screams again, puts the pedal to the floor, and manages to rear up out of the ditch.
Her eyes drift shut.
She's still on the kitchen floor.
She struggles and screams, but Dirk slaps her again.
We hear Jennifer SCREAMING, sounds of violence and clothes ripping as Nikolai relentlessly beats her and stabs her, his face contorting demonically.
She shakes her head, annoyed with Needy.
Ahmet stops.
She looks totally fucked up, like she hasn't slept in days.
It sags on her flat chest and looks ridiculous.
Chip SCREAMS.
Needy watches her, her eyes narrowing with hate.
Needy begins to sob hoarsely.
Needy enters the gym and slams the door shut behind her.
Toni shrugs, resigned, and tosses the book on the floor.
Why interrupt it?
I lied.
You know, I mean my timing is for shit.
That was such a dumb thing to do.
It was crazy.
Why you hassle me?
Why are you trying to make me mad?
Are you mad? No! Oh, cut the shit!
You're mad! You're mad as hell!
Tell me to fuck off!
Well, fuck off!
It takes too much energy to get mad!
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
Why do I ask dumb questions?
What's wrong?
That she hates me!
What shit have you pulled?
Now, what shit?
Yeah, well...  that's a hell of a secret you've been keeping on yourself.
I know he is the world's greatest swimmer, but it bugs the hell outa me when he does that.
Stillman, shut the hell up, would you?
You give me a goddamn pain in the ass, you think we owe you...  Come on!
Shit! Here's your hat.
So I look stupid, is that it?
WIDE SHOT, track in b.g. as Lilly parks the Chrysler, gets out, locks the car.
CROWD NOISE INCREASES.
She takes money from the bag, puts tickets in, closes the bag with the money on the trunk floor.
Traffic whizzes by.
Relieved, the dealer and the shill cut the crap.
His expression is jaunty, daring her.
He would speak protest, deny, explain, but she cuts him off.
Bobo taps a fingertip against the side of her head to shut her up.
The thugs immediately rise and switch off the TV.
She sprawls on the floor.
He stares at her, hurt and angry.
Angry, Lilly takes a step away from the closed door, then stops, looks uncertainly back.
Roy makes an angry gesture, drops back into the wheelchair, spins it around and wheels over to the phone.
Quick and angry, he makes a call.
Roy's in a good mood and ignores her bad temper.
Lilly, exasperated, rabbit punches him in the throat.
Myra, dressed expensively and fashionably, sits with GLOUCESTER HEBBING, a stocky businessman, sixtyish.
He shuts the door.
The door opens and two men in suits and topcoats and hats enter, one of them flashing a badge.
Cole ignores him, staring in frantic hatred at Myra.
He mutters to himself.
BEAT.
KNOCK on the door.
Roy, watching, points at the still angry burn on her hand.
Lilly looks after him, her expression becoming resentful, dully angry.
KNOCK on door.
With a now-we're-getting-somewhere manner, Kaggs turns back to the VDT, punches up a different set of data, sits looking at it in gloomy satisfaction.
Angry again, Roy steps forward.
She hastily steps outside, and he slams the door.
She crosses to the window -- night view outside -- and as she pulls the drapes shut the phone RINGS.
Roy knocks on Lilly's door, waits, knocks again.
Lilly shuts the car door, picks up the bag, and enters her room, shutting the door behind her.
Myra enters, lugging a suitcase, and shuts the door behind herself.
Briskly, she strips and puts on the nightgown, the slippers and the robe.
The car stops.
Traffic goes by.
Roy enters the room and shuts the door.
Roy watches her, unmoving, expressionless.
AN ANGLE on Lilly, frustrated, feeling the need to move, the pressure of pursuit.
ECU, wads of bills on the floor, getting bloody.
She lunges toward him in a violent spasm and scares the shit out of him (and us.) which causes Trevor to now completely lose control of the car.
He shuts his eyes.
She grabs his butt, then goes for the door.
Trevor (and us.) about piss our pant's.
The noise bothers Trevor.
Trevor lies on the table.
A LOUD BUZZING NOISE BEGINS drowning out the darkened man's words as we: Trevor quietly wakes up to the sound of his alarm BUZZING again.
The Cenobite watches with glee as something begins to move up into Trevor's throat, expanding his neck, forcing his jaws open and finally...  ... a BLACK EEL pokes its head out of Trevor's mouth.
Suddenly- -TAWNY answers the door, looking utterly pissed off.
Trevor comes in angrier than a hornet in a beehive.
He slams the book shut in frustration.
He arrives at the door to Allison's office and throws it open.
He pushes the door open and slams it behind him only he's not still outside yet...  Tawny lies on the bed, dead, tongue sticking out of her neck, ribcage violated.
He grabs a broken bottle out of a garbage can and heads toward the darkness.
Just then the other detective notices Trevor looking in and SLAMS the door shut.
He sees Trevor and fills with rage.
And with that the elevator doors shut.
OFF SCREEN SCREAMS are heard as blood begins to shower the walls of the bedroom.
Lying on his back.
Julius goes out, locking the door behind him.
Taylor slams his fist against the wall in frustration.
At that moment 	there is a. loud RAP at the door o.s.
The mother gives a startled SCREAM.
The arresting officer steps back involuntarily.
She recoils.
Julius grabs Nova, begins to pull her toward the door of the cage.
Taylor stumbles, falls to one knee Julius drags and pushes the girl through the door, slamming and locking it behind him.
Across the room stands a dais with three rude, high-backed chairs.
Zaius glances at the accused.
Taylor leaps from his chair, livid with rage, approaches the dais.
Taking the guard's keys, Lucius rises and unlocks the cage.
Cornelius throws himself at Zaius.
The men remove their hats.
Bullethead pulls a gun and presses it into Ray's temple.
Ray kills the engine and flashes the lights twice.
Ray cocks an eyebrow.
Left alone, Claude mutters and kicks at the dirt.
He is struck dumb.
After considering the other players at the table, Ray pushes what's left of his money into the center of the table.
Winston drops his hat on his head and moves through the crowd and out the door.
Ray flips over the cocktail napkin to reveal an extra pile of cards.
Damn.
Dillard plucks a hat off one of the new prisoners and tosses it over the gun line.
Hoppin' Bob slams the metal doors shut behind them.
Annoyed, Dillard jabs the butt of his rifle into Ray's solar plexus.
Ray sinks to his knees in the dirt.
A punch sends Ray sprawling in the dust.
Now he's mad.
The rickety door reverberates with a loud pounding.
The sun...  the hammer... the ladle...  the axe... the sun...  the hammer... the ladle...  the axe...
Irritated, Claude thumps his pillow and turns his back on the room.
Ray at a craps table holding a pair of dice.
The CAMERA PULLS BACK as Ray throws the dice.
A loud burst of flatulence cuts through the darkness.
Scowling, Hoppin' Bob steps out of the cage and locks the door behind him.
Claude throws down his hoe and sinks his fist deep into Ray's gut.
After a beat -- group scream.
Ray and Claude look like they've been to hell and back.
The trusties shove them each into a small, dank cell and slam the doors behind them.
With an ear to his receiver, Radio slaps his money on the table.
Dillard slams the doors on Ray and Claude and clamps shut the padlocks.
He pauses to listen to the argument, cocking an eyebrow in befuddlement.
Irritated, he smacks a mosquito and exchanges a few words with Dillard.
Claude hustles over, removing his hat.
Enraged, Abernathy cocks the revolver.
Slowly, the inmates drift back toward the bunkhouse until Ray an Claude are left alone at the gun line.
Claude punches his pillow and turns off the light.
Ray and Claude are left alone at the table.
What the fuck?
After a CLOSEUP of the TEC-9, Sidney FIRES the weapon.
Ordell, pissed, looks at her a moment before taking the phone.
He locks his front door and walks with Ordell to his car.
The trunk lid is SLAMMED closed.
His expression changes to a shit-eating grin.
Then explains in a you-better-do-exactly-what-I-say manner, how they're going to leave the bus.
Dargus, the arresting officer, rises.
It fucking pisses her off.
Ordell still tries bullshit...  Ordell sits.
Jackie shuts the door, and leaves FRAME.
We hear a knock-knock on the door.
Max stands by the door, a little surprised and a touch pissed at the nonchalantness.
Helmut Berger slaps a woman in the face with a newspaper, proclaiming he's the "mad dog."
They're going at it like a couple of fuck monkeys.
"What the fuck is Max Cherry doing here?"
Ordell stops unloading.
The door SLAMS behind her.
...  the elevator shuts...
As it shuts Ordell yells;...  ... the door shuts.
Louis turns to her and gives her a look that says: "I'm not on your side, bitch.
Louis, pissed at being hung up on and talked to like that, hangs up the phone and turns his frustration where it rightly belongs - Melanie. Louis stomps towards the bedroom where the music's playing.
She takes the loose packet of ten-thousand marked dollars and lies it on top of the bag.
As the twirling CAMERA circles her, she screams; The CAMERA stops twirling.
He thinks, 'what the fuck is Max Cherry doing here?'
Pissed, he leaves FRAME.
changes directions, cuts down another aisle and hopes for both their sakes she shuts the fuck up.
Louis gets mad. Louis turns into the hard convict on the yard, and tells Ordell; We hear a BAM. Louis jerks.
Ordell throws open the door.
We sense jealousy.
As Anna takes the address, Kirill puts his head around the door and yells through the noise.
Semyon disappears into a billow of steam to put a pan onto the heat then re-emerges.
Ozim stops and locks the kitchen door behind them.
Ozim is now staring at Nikolai as if he were a devil from hell.
Nikolai is left alone.
Nikolai gets out of the Mercedes and helps an extremely pissed Kirill out of the car into the rain.
He kicks it.
Stepan explodes.
Nikolai studies Kirill's anger.
Nikolai is fucking the girl, who is now silent.
He heads for the door then stops and turns.
Semyon puts his hat onto his head.
Semyon grabs the bottle of champagne and smashes it on the floor.
Semyon is so furious he still can't speak.
He grabs Kirill and slams him against the wall.
Semyon hisses with fury and grabs Nikolai.
Kirill is angry, straightening his clothes.
Nikolai stops and judges the fury on Anna's face.
Semyon returns to smoke and steam and yelling.
Once Stepan has disappeared into his flat, Nikolai gets out of the car and approaches Stepan's flat.
Kirill and Nikolai stop.
He speaks softly...  Kirill yells....
Kirill is about to fly into a rage but Nikolai gets to his feet.
She leaves and slams the door.
There is no one else in the steam room.
They head towards the steam room as Ozim grabs his shoes and hurries towards the exit.
The steam room door opens but the steam is now so thick he can't see who has entered.
He realizes immediately.
He obviously has serious combat training but the brothers are strong and angry.
He lurches to his feet, drops the razor, and staggers out of the steam room.
Kirill yells.
As he removes his hat.
As one, the men in the congregation remove their hats also.
As he gives the door a kick.
But he loses his hat in the process.
There is considerable ECHOING NOISE as commands and requests mingle with the CRACKLE OF The diffused shape of faces behind the frosted glass of the Men's room door, which is pushed open to reveal, JOHN BOOK, who comes striding through to be momentarily lost in the crowd of police, reporters and others.
This sudden show of violence has horrified and angered Rachel, and she glares at Book as he gets back in the car.
As Samuel quickly shuts the door.
Rachel is standing in the middle of the now immaculate kitchen finishing a brisk mop of the floor.
Suddenly Rachel explodes: The front door of Schaeffer's upper-middle class home is opened by his wife MARILYN.
Book slams the front door of his car, checks it for being locked, glances at a roiled newspaper in his hand (the sports section of the Inquirer.),
Down, muttering CURSES.
Book expels a breath.
Where she's waiting with the big barn doors thrown open.
Incoherently at first, then the words take shape  swear words; curses; fuck this and that; shit; etc. Rachel rises abruptly, her cheeks coloring, as the barrage of language pours from his mouth.
A beat; the man is a study in frustration.
Then he gives the boy a playful, John Wayne- tough guy wink as he cocks and uncorks the pistol, demonstrating the action.
Book, having gathered up the pieces of the bird house, is headed toward the outbuildings, passing by hog pens.
He glances at the hog pen as a huge sow SQUEALS and angrily noses her young ones away from the trough so she can feed.
He uses a drawknife on a piece of 2x4, with some obvious expertise.
Book steps inside, pulls the door shut behind him, moves down-the corridor toward the kitchen.
TIGHTENING to him, and...
We TIGHTEN to him, and...
Paul Schaeffer appears, slightly irritated at being called away from the Saturday afternoon game.
When she does turn to him, she speaks softly: He has offended her, immediately knows it, but can't bring himself to make an instant apology.
Eli reacts with angry shock as Schaeffer enters: Rachel is, for a moment, terrified.
The mule's pent-up nerves and feral energy explode in an horrendous SCREAM.
Staggering backwards, he SCREAMS, FIRES again, the load striking the mule in its heaving chest as a flailing hoof smashes into Fergie's head and the other hoof snaps his shotgun in half like a matchstick.
The shot smashes the windshield of the car.
Turning, SHOUTING: She stops.
McElroy swats at him with the gun butt, moves to the door.
He cocks the pistol, tenses as if to FIRE (and he is actually about to.)...  when there is a SOUND behind him.
Book opens the door of the car, turns to find Rachel standing there with his Amish hat in hand.
A long beat, and as they pass, Hochstetler gives Book an expansive tip of his hat.
At one point, he WALKS INTO a GLASS DOOR with the word "Pull" on it.
ANGRY at her lighter, she throws it breaking a window.
He trips.
Ed comes outside and he's accosted by a GROUP of angry Polish Americans, many of whom are carrying signs decrying Polish jokes and anti-Polish attitudes.
She's distracted.
Ed, furious, gets out.
PEOPLE YELL at him.
Ed accepts the irony of Ray's attitude without comment The door opens, revealing RITA, Shari's roommate.
Rita shuts the door.
one of them SCREAMS "Tell it!"
She begins beating her chest, one fist at a time while she SCREAMS in triumph.
Going through the door, he gives Carlos a little push then quickly steps back inside, slams the door and locks it.
Ray is steaming.
Ray leaves, still angry.
Loud.
She's ANGRY.
He's disgusted.
Fuming.
Ed shuts the door.
They're hot.
Shari is ANGRY.
GUYS keep YELLING "Shari!"
She grabs it.
She SLAMS the TRUCK DOOR.
He's agitated.
On the cover we read "My Brother Pissed On Me By Raymond L. Pekurny.11
He KNOCKS ON a door.
Joma is upset (but he's funny when he's upset.).
Jeanette and Ed are left alone.
He's ANGRY.
What the hell is he talking about?
He takes a lot of HATS out of the carton and begins placing on the heads of the Honchos.
He takes back that Honcho's hat.
The ASSAILANT is jostled as he shoots and the bullet hits Joma in the ass.
The Reverend Mother is ushered in and the Sardaukar Officers leave her alone with the Emperor.
Gurney leaps high, then forward, pressing a furious attack.
Darkness again.
The destruction of his hand is complete -- now only blood spurts out and burns.
WE MOVE DOWN into the water rushing along the floor towards troughs.
He throws down the cylinder.
Fire burning.
He punches a control button and grabs a microphone.
The BARON's face --  expressionless.
In the distance she HEARS the battle raging.
The thumper stops.
Jessica shifts, Paul sees it, and just as Stilgar begins a reach for his weapon, Jessica turns, slashes out, utters a SOUND, whirls again and with rock behind her holds Stilgar helpless in front of her -- her hand at his throat.
The Reverend Mother screams with her.
A horrible WIND, SPARKS and circles of expanding light issues from it.
Rabban observes tremendous destruction of his spice harvesters and carryalls.
She appears to be angry.
Cut to Paul screaming horribly in the desert.
SCREAMING SOUND.
The sound from Paul's mouth destroys the Navigator and opens the Alam.
The Guildsmen in the room are MOANING and SCREAMING and swarming out towards the doorway -- the Fremen stop them.
He throws Feyd back, but not before Feyd's feet strike out, sending Paul to the floor.
Anger still seething in him, Paul issues a SOUND -- a loud, horrible, powerful sound, and Feyd's internal organs rupture and the stone floor under him cracks open.
The piss stops.
Robin stops and KNOCKS on a bedroom door.
On the floor is an aerosol can of whipping cream.
Without warning and with a fury hard to fathom, he proceeds to bat and smash a shelf of beautifully rendered models.
Robin climbs back in the car and slams her door shut.
Sam walks away pissed that Corey knows what the deal is.
Frustrated, he steps away from the sofa.
Sam storms off, angry that he cared enough to get angry.
George nods again, which appears only to irritate Sam.
Sam bolts up from the chaise lounge in a rage.
Sam appears irritated as he stands and walks into the garage.
Sam storms out of the garage, fuming.
He steals two more pills and swallows them before grabbing a towel and walking out.
Sam stops at the door and waits impatiently.
Sam yanks up his pants and leaps down the hillside, falling and rolling in the brush as the officer yells for him to stop.
Josh starts his car, but the officer dissuades him from leaving by removing his gun.
Busted.
He grabs a hammer and bangs, pries and pulls the back off, then dumps the cabinet onto the floor.
Sam hops up mad.
He slams again and again as George picks up a slightly smaller sledgehammer.
George YELLS as he lands the hammer into the wall again.
Sam is alarmed by his father's blatant rage.
George strikes another blow to the house joined with a MAD WAIL.
Sam stops at the door and KNOCKS.
As true as it is, this still irritates Robin.
Robin is slightly pissed at Alyssa grilling her; she flips the hamburgers and calls out: Music is playing softly in the background.
After a bit, Lois walks in holding a can of Pledge and a rag.
Robin walks away, then back - she's frustrated.
Pulls out a folded sock and opens it - the prescription bottle drops to the floor.
Colleen and Josh are frantically pulling on clothes as the noise throws them off balance.
David Dokos rushes from the house dressed in a suit and picks up the shit with a gloved hand and heaves it at Guster as the dog trots back to safety.
Tom and Barbara stay silent as David Dokos walks back into his house and slams the front door shut.
Frustrated and anxious, Colleen slips off the dress she's wearing and tries another one as the phone RINGS.
Sam looks pissed as he walks away from the second story window and resumes screwing the floorboards.
Sam bounds out of bed in a rage.
We HEAR a bit of the song by Warren Zevon, "MY SHIT'S FUCKED UP."  'Well, I went to the doctor/I said 'I'm feeling kind of rough'/He said, 'I'll break it to you, son, your shit's fucked up.' Sam is alone on the roof in the fading light, stringing party lights over the shingles and under the eves.
'I had a dream/Ah, shucks, oh, well/Now it's all fucked up/It's shot to hell.' Sam enters the room as a NURSE scurries to catch up.
A NURSE stops at the door.
Suddenly there's a KNOCK at the door, immediately after which JIM'S MOM enters.
A beat.
He freaks.
A beat.
A beat.
Stifler slams the door.
Thrown off, she sets the beer down.
She breaks it off.
He picks up the beer, annoyed.
A GUY SCREAMS upstairs.
Jim freaks.
Jim's Dad exits, a condom stuck to the back of his pants.
A beat.
Jim's dad comes in the door and stops dead in his tracks.
It's decimated.
Mushed up, ruined... violated.
Vicky goes nuts.
She SCREAMS into the pillow.
A beat.
A beat.
He SMACKS the doorframe.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Stifler goes into what can only be described as the Spank- Me-And-Fuck-Me-Like-A-Whore-Dance.
Bang.
She grabs him.
Finally he's frustrated -- He whips the lacrosse ball at the wall.
Finch is in hell.
He's at his limit.
Shouts of "Hell yeah!"
Coach Marshall is fuming.
His head is cocked at a different angle.
Pissing his pants.
Jim's expression sinks.
He pulls out a condom.
One of those stupid plastic airplanes on a string hangs from the ceiling, flying in circles.
There is rage in Larch's eyes as he looks at the couple.
Buster immediately goes with Homer.
Fuzzy drops his one snowball; he runs aimlessly in circles, coughing, as Nurse Edna explodes from a door of the orphanage.
Hazel clutches a cardboard suitcase and a tattered rag doll.
She shuts her eyes.
Homer, furious, leaves the operating room.
Angry, pacing, he kicks at nothing.
Wally is left alone in the corridor.
She is too upset to speak.
Suddenly Candy starts to sob.
An angry-looking VERNON gives Homer an evil glare.
Wally stops walking; they both stop.
Their expressions, as the car pulls away, belie their words.
Candy is angry; she gets to her feet and stares hard at him.
Homer steps between them, which makes Mr. Rose furious.
He starts to scream.
Mr. Rose's trancelike expression doesn't change as Homer and Muddy enter.
Then Curly.
Behind her is a projected diagram: PREDISPOSITION, DISSOCIATION, TRAUMA, FANTASY, VIOLENT FANTASY, FACILITATORS, MURDER, and TRAUMA-REINFORCEMENT which she can point to with a laser pointing device.
She kicks at the stall door.
He reacts...
HELEN'S fingers, thrusting between the rope and her neck, get just enough air for HELEN to let out a strangled little scream.
The violent contractions in his fingers cause the gun to go off...  ONE... TWO SHOTS, the sound reverberating against the tile walls.
She lies flat on her stomach and crawls toward the newspaper...  and with a supreme effort grabs it and squirms back inside.
As she slams the door shut on the hall, and sits gasping for breath.
She hears a code knock, then a key turns in the lock.
Then he opens the door, gets out, slams door, forcing the squawking ANDY into a helpless frisk position.
She is angry and disgusted.
Once the door shuts, he turns tape back to 'play.' you.
As she is speaking, her description becomes V.O. as we SEE police cars and an ambulance drawn up IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE SUSAN SCHIFFER and her crew arrive, leaping out of their van with their equipment, a makeup woman ADJUSTING SUSAN'S M.J. and Ruben, Quinn, etc., trying to calm and/or question the HUSBAND, who is in shock.
He feels the heat.
She is frozen in the doorway; RUBEN refuses to make a move towards her.
The door is locked.
RUBEN takes out his gun...  RUBEN shoots off the lock.
He locks the basement door behind him.
She is strapped onto a table, her mouth taped shut.
M.J. stands...  Ruben hits him, Nikko reflexively throws a punch that grazes Ruben.
A light comes on in an upstairs window...  BURT, the cop on guard, marginally irritated by the car alarm, looks up briefly, then returns to his magazine.
The techie who pulled the bullet out of the door turns...
A small annoyed crowd has gathered around the are whose alarm is still shrieking.
The improbability of this name makes RUBEN deliver an angry kick to the man's side.
He digs out his sneaky gun from whenever he keeps it.
At the back are three more FBI AGENTS, suited and tied.
THE DOOR SLAMS (O.S.)  HELEN angrily hits the keys: M.J. is entering at front door, let in by a new Guard FRED.
CLOSE UP:  The KID'S FREE HAND rifling through the drawer behind his back, finding the gun.
He pushes the coffee toward the Kid, who WHIPS NIKKO'S GUN OUT FROM UNDER THE DESK, where it was hidden, and lays it up under Ruben's ear.
The KID doesn't see her, yet, as he is backing away from the others...  M.J. DRAWS HER GUN AND STANDS IN FIRING POSITION.
On his desk lie a badge and a gun -- Nikko's.
She SCREAMS!
She screams again.
M.J. twists in misery and fury...  Her phone is ringing on another line; she punches it... M.J. is now almost dead with fatigue.
She drives on until she is forced to stop at a traffic light.
M.J. runs through the crowd toward him, and those who notice are pissed...  she is getting close when, just as he and the coed would pass from sight behind a wall, PETER looks around, straight at M.J.. M.J. walks out of the room and down the corridor.
It is pulled open: metallic sounds of  bullets rolling on the wooden drawer: her hand bats away the usual bathroom drawer garbage and pull Ruben's gun out; HER TREMBLING FINGERS Helen wearing loose coat, jeans and sneakers opens the door.
CAR as she slides into the driver's seat, slamming the door and locking it.
His gun lies on the floor beside him.
We watch a fat man recite Hamlet, punctuating his soliloquy with loud belching noises.
There is a knock at the door.
Suddenly Barris punches himself in the head, flops down on the unmade bed.
The guy punches Barris.
When it's over, they both just lie there.
Barris knocks on the door.
Barris stops.
It's hot.
Renda stops.
He screams out of where his mouth was.
Barris drops to the floor and throws up into a trash can.
A backpack and a duffel lie on the floor next to her.
Loretta acts annoyed, but it's playful.
Barris, still pissed, sips a martini.
The back of the Englishman's head explodes.
There is a knock at the door.
The other couples look disappointed and angry at their spouses.
It's bloody and violent.
Barris easily deflects the punch, grabs the man's forearm and breaks it with a sickening crack.
The man screams.
Penny throws the house key at Barris.
Barris and Keeler wait in the car.
Barris watches her, then: Barris smacks himself in the head.
The woman is angry.
The audience yells "How bad was it?"
The starlet whispers into Barris's ear, outraged at the unfairness.
He places it next to the sink, unzips his fly and pisses.
He begins to spot others converging on him: the corpses of those he killed, bloody and disfigured.
Crazy, angry-looking gonged Gong Show contestants appear in the crowd with weapons.
She straddles him and is about to stab him through the air.
There's a knock at the door.
Barris punches him repeatedly in the face.
The room is a mess, stuff knocked over.
Penny stands there, takes in the room, the mess, the haggard Barris.
Patricia lies sprawled on the floor.
Barris shoves Penny in, then screams at the driver.
Barris jumps in the car, the driver slams the door closed, hurries around the driver's door and gets in.
As she rings him up, she expresses no interest in him.
Donald stares at the ceiling, fuming.
Laroche cracks his neck.
Laroche pulls into traffic.
Orlean gets out of the car, knocks timidly on the shack door.
Kaufman drives down a Florida strip-malled highway.
Kaufman's hand slips, the book shuts.
Kaufman grabs Donald's script and throws it on his bed.
Kaufman hates himself.
Orlean's anger softens.
The daguerreotype Darwin, the Aristotle sculpture, the Hegel engraving, and the Orlean book jacket photo are alive and in the middle of brutal and bloody fist fight.
Donald lies on his back on the floor intently reading the script.
Laroche throws Kaufman down into a chair.
Orlean lies down.
Laroche stops.
The galloping gets louder.
It explodes in a ball of flame, illuminating the whole swamp.
Kaufman screams heavenward.
He cocks an ear.
A murder weapon.
He's only a step away when it bangs shut of its own accord.
This door slams shut too.
As the door is pushed shut a huge oaken timber falls into place, barring the castle against the uninvited.
He gives the pack a slap.
She is half-carried, half dragged to the edge of a steaming crack in the ground where she is manacled to a wooden post.
She strains against her manacles, cocking her head to listen as the rumblings below subside.
She screams and crawls away.
There's an angry hiss.
He shucks his pack and starts to throw off his clothes.
She jams a hat down over her head and, once more the young man, stalks off.
Galen stops.
She picks up a fistful of stones and throws them at him.
The table cracks in half and dumps a mess of fruit and crockery at the onlookers' feet.
Two guards thrust Galen into a narrow cell and slam the barred door shut.
Finally, a thoroughly frustrated Galen leaps to the window and rattles the bars.
Galen rides like mad for the exit, but he's a half-second late: the doors boom shut in his face.
The doors slam shut.
Up ahead, the sky glows with an angry red light.
A middle-aged woman appears in front of him, her face contorted with rage.
He slams the door behind him and puts his back against it.
They know damn well he's in there.
The King is getting annoyed.
Galen stabs at it repeatedly.
He tucks the pouch away, throws some clothes on top and ties the satchel shut.
She tackles him again.
The apprentice throws himself at his master's feet.
They stare down from their lofty perch, watching as further explosions boil the water from the pond.
He wears the flamboyant style of the time: the whole zoot-suit, pegged legs and a wide brim hat with a white feather stuck in the hat band.
He waits as fumes rise and feels the outside of the jar as it gets hot.
Cholly is annoyed.
The music begins to get faster and more furious.
A CROWD OF PEOPLE run by Malcolm yelling and screaming.
Before entering, Malcolm sharps himself a bit, picking off some lint, cocking his hat.
Malcolm plays off the insults.
He smacks the small of his back.
Malcolm smacks the table in frustration.
He peels off six $100 bills and throws them on the table in front of himself, as he gets up.
Earl takes his pistol out from behind his back and fires above their heads.
bothering us no more.
He breaks open the gun -- the bullet is in the next slot to be fired.
The robbery, IN QUICK CUTS: --A door lock is picked by Sophia.
Door is slammed and gate locked.
His face is a mask hiding his fury, violence and the hunger of an advanced junkie who has not had a fix in over a week.
Door slammed and locked.
He lies half on the stone floor, half on the A clang as the heavy door is opened.
And slams the door shut.
Door slam.
Malcolm pulls at the bars, tries to shake them in impotent fury.
Malcolm eyes him like a snake -- but the punishment has reduced him to deep insecurity and his belligerence is more cautious than angry.
Malcolm looks up, annoyed at being interrupted.
A small angry CROWD has gathered.
A WELL-KNOWN PERSONALITY (DICK GREGORY.) is at the door.
There are shouts: "What is it?"
People hit the floor, knock over chairs, stampede for the exits.
The crowd starts to beat the shit out of him, kicking him in the head, etc., they're about to tear him apart from limb to limb when a PATROLMAN enters with gun drawn.
He shoots gun into air and the crowd backs off and he takes custody of Hayer.
ANNIE TOUCHES PERFUME BEHIND HER EARS and, ever so slightly, in her cleavage.
MILLIE LOOKS OUT FROM BEHIND A BAT RACK -- Outraged.
THE ANNOUNCER AND SPORTSWRITER CRASH to the floor as the ball smashes into their booth.
CRASH STEPS OUT OF THE BOX -- Motions to the bat boy for the pine tar rag.
It explodes to the plate.
ANNIE FOULS ONE OFF and digs in gamely.
CRASH PUNCHES HIS TAPE DECK -- Sam Cooke's "You Send Me".
300 LITTLE LEAGUERS in uniform are lined up along the foul line, restrained by a rope.
BACK TO THE MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL -- Hair and hats blowing from the chopper turbulence.
PLAYERS THROW THEIR GEAR into their travel bags.
He punches one of several tape cassettes cued up.
PUNCHES A CASSETTE -- A crowd roars.
The guys slap fives, convinced God is a man.
THE NEXT BATTER POPS UP -- Crash circles into foul ground to make the catch, whipping the ball around the infield.
She pulls back her skirt slightly, exposing her garter snaps attached to her stockings.
She's frustrated, confused, angry and...  Annie slides against the wall down to the floor.
Here comes the throw, on a line.
AS PIAF PLAYS on the stereo -- A knock at the door.
Grim.
Sleazy.
Here comes the throw.
The decorative Bride and Groom are fucking.
And it hits him.
CRASH SHUTS THE DOOR -- The party rages beyond.
Knocks at the door.
At last exposing the beloved BLACK GARTER SNAPS -- Crash's hand expertly holds up the skirt and effortlessly UNSNAPS THE GARTER with a minimum of effort.
ANNIE'S FOOT KICKS OVER A LAMP onto the floor.
He sees his pants lying on the floor and pulls them on.
Rubs them.
She whirls.
She picks it up, sits on the floor under the table, and lights the tiny joint.
FOLLOWING the bag as its owner carries it down the street.
His hat is pushed back dejectedly on his head.
It is cut off by: The board turns expectantly to Hudsucker, who sits in the f.g.
A woman in a fancy fruited hat with a black veil rises INTO FRAME AT an OPPOSING SLANT.
STEAM JETS and HISSES behind him.
He wears a brass-buttoned uniform, white gloves and a pillbox hat.
An obese MAN enters, smoking a cigar: Buzz has already thrown the doors shut and sent the elevator into its power-rise.
The door sweeps shut.
The elevator doors slam shut and we hear its ENGINES SCREAM as it power-dives away.
He runs, jumps onto the sill, grabs -- his fist clenches around one wafting page -- he is about to fall -- BUMSTEAD, a short, fat, heavily perspiring executive, is screaming at an O.S. secretary.
Mussburger's screaming abruptly stops. is in a basement tailor shop.
Mussburger is slapping him merrily on the back.
Evil prevails.
Slam!
Mussburger is getting into the back seat -- And, to Norville's surprise, slamming the door shut behind him.
Beat.
Beat.
Speaking into his knees as he wheezes: Norville rises and starts putting throw pillows behind her head.
After the doors shut behind Buzz: Norville pours a glass of whiskey and brings it over to her.
Norville explains: She gets up to leave, and is heading for the door when Norville adds: Amy turns at the door.
Whap! Amy slaps him.
Busy hands punch out.
Thump!
The silhouetted ad men, frustrated and hoarse, are still at it.
The truck door is slammed shut. is thrown up to reveal the display window of a shop just opening for the day.
Jam-packed with screaming children, grabbing hula hoops off the shelves.
Thwock -- She slaps him.
The headline, in screaming nine-point type: Next to the picture of Norville is the subhead: Idea Man a Fraud.
The projector is shut off and the lights go on.
It is Buzz, the elevator boy, dressed in an ill-fitting tuxedo and a conical party hat.
Evil prevails.
He chucks himself in the heart, cocks his head and sucks in air, then blows it back out.
Lying on the boardroom table.
Thousands of expressionless STUDENTS are sitting there.
SOUND of a door SLAMMING.
She throws the keys to him.
SHOOTING THROUGH THE OPEN FRONT DOOR.
She turns the lock on the door.
He speaks quickly - in a fake sotto voce - towards the window.
He hangs up.
He slams the bathroom door shut.
Ben stands, crosses back to the door to the den and shuts it.
After a few moments Ben throws his head back ans starts to scream.
Ben jerks his car over to the right, swerves around the car ahead, jamming his horn down, and swerves back into the outside lane, giving the driver of the other car an angry look as he passes him.
SOUNDS: Cars GUNNING their ENGINES; horns HONKING; radios PLAYING; waitresses YELLING orders; customers YELLING at waitresses; kids LAUGHING and TALKING from car to car; MOTORCYCLES driving in and out, TRAFFIC.
He starts the car immediately and drives away from the house.
Then he grabs the keys out of the ignition, opens the door on his side and jumps out of the car, carrying the package.
Elaine SLAMS the door shut.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
There is another KNOCK.
Elaine screams - a long, loud scream.
She walks out, shutting the door behind her.
He walks to the door, looks out into the hall at Mr. McCleery, then shuts the door.
He picks up a pebble and throws it at the window.
She hangs up.
People are YELLING as him from the cars going by.
A large steam-filled room with a row of FRATERNITY BROTHERS in front of a row of sinks, brushing, combing, shaving, etc.  Ben is standing at the door.
He bangs on the closed door of the bus.
A wide expanse of wasteland.
Through an open office door lies the body of a large man - the MURDERED DIRECTOR, lying where he has just been discovered, in a pool of his own blood.
We follow the eyelash's journey, down the throat of the cleaner into the specimen bag where it is sucked against the bag's clear, plastic wall.
They are immediately greeted respectfully by MICHAEL, the owner and maitre d'.
The Investigator's tone suggests that the identity of the culprit is no longer a matter for debate.
He immediately goes to the refrigerator, removing trays of samples.
The Investigator wheels on Hugo, suddenly angry, clearly unused to having his judgement questioned.
The Investigator turns on his heel to prevent further protest.
Irene is about to steal a taste of the dessert with her finger when their plates and glasses are whisked away and the table immediately hoovered.
Feeling exposed, he breaks into a run.
The investigator suspiciously regards the multitude of mini-vacs in the kitchen and the incinerator burning the refuse.
The INVESTIGATOR ignores Josef and takes a pocket knife from his jacket.
The anxious Director Josef calls out to protest one further time but the Investigator is on his way out of the door.
EUGENE is propped up on the sofa, TV remote control placed in his useless hand to cover his paralysis.
Hiding his frustration, the Investigator distractedly tours the room while Hugo packs up his gear.
The INVESTIGATOR immediately pulls a specimen bag from his jacket pocket and closely inspects the stainless steel toilet and sink.
The Investigator switches on the mini-vac to take a specimen from the floor, then promptly kills the machine.
JEROME and ANTON walk down a dune together towards the beach not far from Gattaca - an ocean beach pounded by an angry, black sea.
In it: JOE STEVENS, an angry, black man in his late 20's, beside him his 10-year-old son, JOE Joe Jr. stares out the window at passing: boarded buildings, whores with raincoats over their heads trying to flag down a john, a black Santa, a knot of drinkers.
At times I hear so well it bothers me.
A dump.
Then he's dead.
Elias murmurs a shaken, "Shit... " and steps outside, half-closing the door behind him.
He kicks the dash in frustrated anger.
He goes over to the Dealer, slaps his head, slaps it again.
Hull's angry, takes a beat before he gets in.
Hull sits in the Trans Am eating a sandwich and watching the street as a DEALER leans in the window telling his sob story.
Elias's car stops.
A beat.
Hull goes into...  Ivy is pissing into a urinal.
He picks up the gun, gets into Elias's car.
Elias feels the threat.
He slaps him again, a stinging crack.
As they go out they hear Gallegos BERATING Barbosa in furious Spanish.
Elias, energized by Hull's command, grabs Barbosa and throws him toward the limo.
On instinct.
Chino's head explodes.
Taft at wheel, raging at Hernandez.
Barbosa screams...  Elias wheels on them, swinging the gun from one to the other.
The woman screams.
Guns all around.
Hands pull him out of bed, leave her there alone.
Elias is angry.
They struggle.
Carver snorts: ridiculous.
He slips the flask in his pocket, gets in the car, starts engine.
Now they hate him, revere him, want to be him, not caring what it entails.
Molto and the guard frisk them, take their guns and money satchels, make them wait a moment until...
He brings up the gun and SHOOTS Gallegos in the head.
Elias FIRES a bullet right between his feet.
A car SQUEALS to a stop.
Molto and three thugs smash through the glass door.
In frustration, Molto smashes the table Hull had fussed over when Elias put his feet up.
Hull's upset.
He puts a gun to Taft's head and FIRES.
Beat.
Beat.
Objection.
The two expressionless men still have not stirred.
The sound of a gun being cocked.
The stranger wears a fierce bear head as hat.
The door slams.
Rooster cocks his head.
Beat.
Quincy jerks up one knee, banging the bottom of the table and sloshing Rooster's sofky as he grabs something from his boot: a knife.
Rooster has his gun out now and fires.
LeBoeuf unholsters a gun and points it at the four men.
None of the riders bothers to unholster a gun.
He pulls out a navy six-gun and fires.
Rooster cocks his head at the landed bottle several paces distant.
It explodes.
A beat, and he pulls out his six-gun and fires in.
Rain patters on his hat.
She refuses to take it.
She lies down again.
Chaney grabs the gun and flings it away, then holds on to Mattie and slaps her.
He puts a muddy boot on her neck.
He has a round face and idiot eyes.
He makes loud turkey-gobbling noises at Mattie.
Lucky Ned speaks quietly, without lowering the glass: From somewhere in the woods below we hear the idiot's gobbling noises.
The well dressed man and the idiot trudge up from the woods onto the rock ledge.
As Chaney moans the idiot makes calf- bawling noises in imitation.
The idiot is still bawling.
Chaney grabs a stone and flings it at him and the idiot scampers back, making goat noises.
His gaze then swings to the idiot.
She claws at it.
Her clawing stops.
A beat.
The idiot is gaily waving a revolver over his head, not firing, squawking like a chicken as he charges.
He cocks his head to sight, puffing pipesmoke.
He screams as the gun roars and bucks back into his shoulder.
Mattie screams.
She grabs it up.
Tree branches slap at him and take his hat.
Mattie screams.
Rooster gives inarticulate curses as he kicks it on.
One doffs his hat and rises when Mattie addresses the pair; the other stays seated, slurping from his bottle.
But Claudia doesn't take note of it; she is too busy fuming over Anna's lack of consideration, eager to let them both understand that she is sick and tired of waiting around.
Slightly off to one side, Raimondo is exploring the depths, with his spear-gun in hand, ready to shoot.
She is obviously piqued and angry, but more with herself than with Anna.
He is staring at Patrizia with such an intense expression that she becomes thoroughly annoyed and says to him, as she continues working at her puzzle: Coming down the steps that lead into the cabin, Claudia overhears the end of the conversation, and decides to withdraw.
She turns and walks away in a rage.
Ignoring Sandro's remark, Claudia turns and determinedly heads towards the interior of the island.
As he arrives on the scene, two policemen step out of the confusion dragging a large crate, which they carry over to the door of a nearby shack, amid the protests of the islanders who are still arguing and shouting among themselves.
He stops -- angry, disappointed and upset.
The girl immediately strikes a pose.
Claudia resigns herself to escorting Giulia to the floor up above.
Before anybody has a chance to say anything, she heads towards the door, swings it open and stands firmly on the threshold,  obviously intent on telling Claudia to leave.
Giulia takes a few steps backward into the room, and seeing Claudia still there looking at her strangely, exclaims: And with a violent bang that leaves Claudia startled, Giulia slams the door shut.
They are words of protest but spoken condescendingly, almost sweetly, yet leaving no doubt as to their meaning.
But he is unable to ignore them; they plainly annoy him.
Claudia remains standing, somewhat annoyed by the crowd of people around her. Patrizia rises and leads Claudia out to a terrace that overlooks the entire bay which is dotted with lights.
As Ettore returns to his friends with whom he had been speaking and laughing, Sandro looks at him almost with a sense of rage.
With an angry gesture, Sandro finishes his drink, gulping the whiskey down in one fast swallow.
Vince ducks as Christy throws an ashtray at him, and it smashes against the wall.
She is caught between tears and rage.
Christy grabs the mink and heads out the door.
Joey slams Ernie on the side of the head with the gun.
They hear a muffled SCREAM, from elsewhere in the convent.
As Joey opens the door for him, another car drives by, and stops.
They wear large, ungainly straw hats over their wimples.
Christy has been given a hoe and a straw hat.
We hear Christy SCREAM, O.S.
They stop by a door.
After the door shuts, Christy stands and looks out the one small window in her cell.
Mother Superior is seated behind her desk; she is very angry.
Mother Superior is striding down the hall; she is livid.
Christy takes her dust rag and pretends to polish the receiver.
They scream, and Christy grabs Mary Robert and throws her out of the car's path; the two women land on a pile of garbage bags.
Mother Superior is livid.
The Dealer turns and walks back to his house with anger.
In one stride, he grabs his hat and coat and is out the door on the run.
Christy, frustrated, leaves the room.
Parker looks annoyed -- he doesn't like deviations from procedure -- but after a moment of indecision, he sets the file folder on Tate's desk and walks away.
Mother Superior and the nuns are arguing with the MANAGER of the airport, a grouchy guy in grease-stained overalls.
He's getting angry.
With a fierce jerk, she pulls the neckties with all her might, smashing Joey's head against Willy's.
Before them is a large room filled with glitter and sin, the SOUND of jackpots and crap tables.
Everyone at the table turns toward Christy, outraged.
He is furious.
Inside, huddled together against the rage outside, are a small group of people.
Before them, on the cramped altar, lies a man.
A place of seedy, anonymous brick flophouses shackled by rusting fire escapes, lying on an alley unique only for its bad drainage.
Lumpy iron bed, sink that's been pissed into one too many times, and SIMON; a man in a tight sweater and dark sunglasses, busily emptying his pockets on the ruined dresser: loose change, a town paper's obituary column.
The gargoyle SMACKS the frame and COLLAPSES, his head CRACKING on the sill and FORCING a shard of glass through his neck.
Thomas sits at his desk half-heartily trying to make sense of the three dozen files piled there.
The boy is pissed, embarrassed.
He comes upstairs to the landing, where the door to the room is covered with a strip of yellow tape: POLICE INVESTIGATION.
Gabriel pulls the tape aside and KICKS the door open.
It's brutal.
Thomas is left alone with Player (priest.)
The guard SMACKS against the wall and crumples out of view.
Tiled floor and refrigerated corpses.
The class immediately erupts into goofing off.
Death.
Suddenly her face cracks as her voice chokes with a sob.
And all around them the sucking blackness of the earth.
Flashes of images: Of screams and fire.
The images are driving them mad.
He immediately pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end of the hall and KICKS it in.
Thomas cries out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off an ear.
Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the bed as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thomas up against the wall.
He THROWS Thomas down onto a table, SPLINTERING it.
Thomas suddenly slams his fist against the wall in anger.
A fire has been built on the kiva's floor.
Shrieking, a mad porcelain banshee out of the dusk, Rachael catches up and TACKLES him.
Mad with pain and anger and desperation, Thomas manages to climb to a shaky crouch, Rachael still shrieking on his back.
He walks to the second and KICKS its door down.
Steps up to the kiva door and KICKS it.
Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who groans at the sight of him.
The room goes insane.
The Sheriff takes his hat off.
Norman stops.
A Claire's chin begins to tremble and she chokes out a sob.
The noise abruptly stops.
Cards with faces swarm chaotically across the screen with the message:  YOU WIN! Without warning, the radio dial rips cacophonously past several stations and comes to a stop on some angry, punkish rock and roll.
The whispering stops.
She stops by the door to watch him.
She hears a car door slam and glances out the window in time to see Mr. Feur driving off.
Slam.
Beat.
He pulls out a cell phone and punches in a number.
Claire looks sucker punched.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She wheels on him with fury.
Sobbing, she shuts off the squeaky faucets and struggles to pull him upright.
She's sucked down into the water.
Protruding from its lock... THE INTERLOCKED CIRCLES.
He's a wreck.
He takes the phone, punches in three numbers, waits.
He hangs up.
Steam drifts out through the crack.
We can feel her revulsion.
Norman stops.
Norman explodes backwards, slamming his head into the BRASS SHOWER NOZZLE.
THUD!
She flips open the cell phone and punches in 911.
Claire desperately punches the "talk" button again... "NO SERVICE."
Claire punches the talk button again.
A TRAILER CRANK punches through the window.
She hears the hissing of the smashed radiator, then sees Norman, a shattered bloody mess on the floor of the cab.
Her ribs have just cleared the glass when a bloody fist locks onto her ankle and yanks her inside.
The sound of a furious cello solo.
The glass barely touches his lips as he freezes at the SOUND OF DROPPING TRAYS and a PIERCING SCREAM.
He stands there and even in the darkness WE CAN OBSERVE that he is an angry man.
The Time Traveller stands there until he hears the FRONT DOOR SHUT.
His eyes gleam with a mad light, half pleasure, half pain.
During this: Suddenly he hears the SOUNDS OF AIRPLANES and EXPLOSIONS in a strangely ACCELERATED manner.
The two opposite elements, molten rock and cold green water, dwarf the ruined city as they leap toward each other, and meet with explosive fury.
With sudden violence he slams his fist into a whole shelf of books.
He turns back in anger.
The ECHOING SIRENS are now getting on his nerves.
He clutches at Morlock's throat, banging his head against the rock wall, finally throwing him off ledge.
The burning torch catches the Cauldron on fire, which quickly spreads across the floor of the Cavern, to the steaming Machine on the right, which explodes.
Another Morlock comes from behind machine, as fire creeps across floor, almost reaches machine at same time as fire - and it explodes.
They stop and stare at the sight of the Morlock world being destroyed below.
Staring into the vast destruction.
Mrs. Watchett listens as Filby moves to the imprint in the floor where the Machine first stood and explains.
They stop at the door and Mrs. Watchett stands beside Filby as he opens it.
Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMCORDER.
AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a number of pieces.
Then, the sound of a CAR ENGINE turning off and a door SLAMMING is heard.
And than it STRIKES.
They make a mad dash for the jungle.
Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
He wants everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot.
The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in the room.
As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one of the open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them.
Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor SLAMS into it, driving the door into the cage.
The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door.
They almost catch her as Billy and Paul pull her back up on the limb The raptors stare up at them, angry their plan didn't work.
They coop him up.
The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle free.
But his smile quickly fades as he sees diving down from above in angry pursuit of their lost prey.
Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swarms around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.
We float under the gigantic, arching necks of eighty-foot BRACHIOSAURS.
Grant shuts off the phone.
Spinosaurus grabs the cage and Paul, throwing both straight up out of the water.
Steve Bolander stops the elegant machine and gets out.
He looks slightly ridiculous but always thinks he's projecting an air of supercool.
Her tone changes immediately.
He passes a group of guys bullshitting around the raised hood of a souped-up parked car.
She takes Eddie by the hand and leaves Steve fuming with Peg.
He stares at her and she shuts up.
John pulls the car over and stops.
Standing among the crowd, Steve and Laurie both look angry.
She slams the door.
Terry is destroyed.
The owner puts everything into a bag and starts to ring it up.
The owner takes the money from him and gives him his change.
Suddenly, the owner emerges from behind the counter, shooting wildly.
John sticks his hand into his pockets moodily and stops and looks at one of the burnt-out cars.
Joe unbends and lightly punches Curt on the shoulder.
Joe gives him another charming punch on the shoulder.
Even John has to chuckle at the mad D.J.'s raspy patter.
Carol jumps out of the car as John stops the car in the right hand lane next to the Cadillac.
She puts her coke on the floor.
He motions for her to shut up and they listen.
He stops by a parking meter and sinks down on top of it.
He punches it and wheels into a fast U-turn.
The hoods have quit playing with Terry and are punching him.
Terry is upset now.
He sucks on a popsicle.
As it does the manager punches some buttons and the record segues into a Wolfman howl and then the distinctive Wolfman voice takes over.
Falfa looks insane as he tromps it.
He pulls him off by the neck of the shirt and when they're a few yards off, Falfa's '55 Chevy does blow--exploding like a small A-bomb, blowing it into Modesto history.
O.S. arguing "I DID NOT!" "YES YOU DID!" "LIAR!" etc.
Roberta disappears inside and slams the window shut.
Roberta knocks on Janet's door.
For the first measures, Janet's still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won over.
A beat.
He dashes out.
This makes De Sean blush -- and it pisses him off.
He keeps one eye on a stack of quizzes that he's marking, stopping to circle mistakes with the pen.
The students immediately start to chatter.
He looks back at Roberta, annoyed by her intrusion.
This embarrasses her, then pisses her off.
Roberta walks through crowds of kids towards Janet who's in the middle of confronting a boy student.
Roberta listens to the students play "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" -- badly.
Lexi looks upset; Nick is stoic.
There's a KNOCK on the DOOR.
He looks sexy as hell (even with a silly lit-up Santa Claus pin on his leather jacket.),
A few beats.
Roberta takes this in, upset.
He stalks towards Nick menacingly, picks him up and pretends he's going to throw him into the water.
He pretends again to throw Nick in, then puts him down.
A beat.
Nick THROWS the violin against the floor.
His tone and expression tell her the words are not forthcoming.
LAMB and her husband, watching Becky in amazement; ISABEL and her daughter sitting with ASSUNTA, NICK and LEXI; JANET, impressed as hell; and DENNIS, seething with jealousy.
Rachel stops, frustrated.
Roberta illegally parks her old Honda, rushes out of the car, grabs her book bags and three violins, pulls a parking ticket from her pocket and puts it on the windshield.
Ramon sits on the floor, upset, half-heartedly building with Legos, while his parents argue in the KITCHEN.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
He dashes off, a barrage of Spanish and English curses behind him, and crosses to his sister, waiting for him DOWN THE STREET.
Roberta stops.
A few beats.
A beat.
A beat.
The room electrifies with nerves.
Butt-Head puts the woman down and he and Beavis begin to go at it, leveling the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack-fights.
We see a CROWBAR lying on the floor, and the front door left open.
Butt-Head slaps a pimp.
People stop their screaming.
Beavis is in the doorway SCREAMING.
The pilots SCREAM.
HARLAN and ROSS, the two dumb-looking rough-necks that stole B&B's TV are standing outside Muddy's motel room.
Harlan knocks on the door.
Annoyed, the bellboy leaves.
B&B are left alone.
Butt-Head grabs Beavis' neck.
She shuts the door, leaving B&B outside.
Just as the elevator doors shut, dozens of federal agents with guns rush in and kick open Dallas' door.
They're smashed by the flood.
Flemming and several of his agents get out and head immediately for the dam.
B&B looking particularly stupid.
TIGHT ON Beavis' butt, as Butt-head KICKS IT REPEATEDLY.
B&B press their BARE ASSES against the window.
Ahead of them they see a DUMB GUY and a DUMBER GUY with motorcycles parked.
An agent interrupts, punching Van Driessen in the gut.
It's the DUMB GUY and DUMBER GUY from the desert.
The Dumb Guy looks like an older, more stupid, version of Butt- Head.
Dumb Guy punches Dumber Guy in the head with a closed fist.
Dumb Guy gets up, turns his butt towards the fire and starts to drop his pants.
The Dumb Guy and Dumber Guy are gone.
Several other sperm charge in, knocking Beavis into the egg.
Beavis tries to run, but hits the road and flips over and over - and smashes his butt.
His body stops in the middle of the road.
Other cars behind it smash and pile up.
Muddy cocks his gun.
Muddy finishes tying Dallas' hands behind her back.
He's too loud now for Sandy to ignore.
ON FLEMMING AND THE HEAD SECRET SERVICE GUY - arguing.
He shouts in frustration.
Beavis goes into Anderson's camper and shuts the door.
Tom throws Beavis/Cornholio out the door.
B&B head off into the sunset, trading lame insults as we FADE OUT.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
top.location.href=location.href
SKIP BAKER, who is thirteen, crawls out of his pigeon cage, holding two birds that he throws up in the air.
A group of kids walking by Rodney's window shout insulting things about his horn playing.
Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the door.
Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in.
Junior is irritated at his brother.
Linda lets out a little scream.
A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against the china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR.
Harry hides his anger about being touched with the broom.
A dog starts to bark and a garbage can is knocked over.
He fans himself with his hat.
Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand.
Suzie knocks on the door.
Hattie hates it when he comes near her.
Hattie is angered.
There is dislike in her stare.
She is so mad that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
People near him try to make him slow down but his pride forces him to be ridiculous.
She throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
He claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO through the house.
Suzie knocks on the door.
The suitcases are in the middle of the floor.
He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
Junior gets more violent and starts to shake the car.
He refuses but she tries to pull his hand towards her.
Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
The bleeding has stopped.
He gets into an argument with the people on the other end of the phone.
She has an angry expression.
Sunny follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him.
She slams the door.
Harry's body lies on the floor.
In the clearing, a UC JOCK stands behind his ASIAN GIRLFRIEND, kissing her neck and removing her clothes.
And on cue comes the ring of the doorbell and the simultaneous pounding of angry Navy fists on the back door.
The two big guys with bad haircuts hold Jerry off the ground while the earnstwhile Chevy owner goes through his pockets.
Jerry's got on a hat made from Coors beer cans.
They've pulled to a stop.
Sheeni stops.
Stops to regard the reproduction of Massaccio's Expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden on the wall.
Sheeni wears Khakis, red bandanna neckerchief, and an Australian bush hat.
A beat.
Mrs. Saunders starts screaming too, the sound of a pig being slaughtered.
Albert WHIMPERS and cocks his head.
Francois cocks the machine-gun.
He slams the door.
They both start screaming as they are blasted with cold water.
A BLOODCURDLING SCREAM rises up from the home.
The screen door slams behind him.
She lets out a scream.
She slams the door.
The Berkeley fire rages on the television.
Estelle screams into the phone.
Nick leans back and glares in silent protest as everyone takes their seats at the table.
Nick tries to shut out the sound of Dwayne getting into the creaky bed behind him.
Nick waits a beat, staring in disbelief.
And with that he cocks the Thompson for dramatic flare.
Nick knocks on the door.
You know damn well, Nick.
He slams down the phone.
The Viewscreen now shows TWO TRANSPORT SHIPS trapped like insects in the violent torrent of energy.
The ships are being buffeted and thrown about by large TENDRILS of CRACKLING ENERGY.
Kirk shuts up.
The ship is destroyed by an energy tendril.
BULKHEAD EXPLODES, sending metal fragments screaming across the Bridge and KILLING the Navigator.
He stops and reacts.
His expression is dark and angry.
She dabs a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth...  her expression is angry and threatening.
A jolt.
He turns and manually SHUTS the hatch behind him.
Moves away from the battle section...  before it can completely escape, the battle section EXPLODES -- the force of the explosion hits the saucer section, knocking it toward the planet.
Everyone is knocked to their knees.
Kirk moves to the stove and tosses out the ruined eggs.
-- Kirk punches Soran and sends him flying backward.
His look of shock turns to fury and madness.
Dead.
They both hang up.
She grabs the box of bullets and throws them in, too.
Doors on the coroner's van SLAM shut.
The room is a mess.
Darryl is mad, but he's still watching the game.
This only makes him madder.
He stops at the door.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
Another KNOCK.
She looks disheveled but is grinning like an idiot.
She's in a world of shit.
Darryl stands and crosses the hall to the room as the door shuts in his face.
Darryl tries the doorknob, but the door is locked.
Everyone is very disappointed, taking off their headsets, turning off tape recorders and looking at Darryl like he's an idiot.
On hearing this Louise mouths the word "shit" in a very frustrated way.
Louise yanks open her car door, gets in and slams the door and fires up the ENGINE.
The car is SCREAMING down the road.
It's Thelma and she puts the gun to his head.
Frustrated, Hal slams down the phone.
She points the gun at it, takes a second to get a bead, then SHOOTS two of the tires flat.
They both turn towards the truck and FIRE rounds into the tankers until they EXPLODE in a huge ball of fire.
The truck driver screams at the top of his lungs.
As she gets to the road she stops.
He screams and ducks down into the seat.
Louise FLOORS it and her car screams ahead.
Louise puts the car in gear and FLOORS it.
We see the one colored blue throw; his disk smashes into the second warrior, and he dissolves into thousands of glowing lines.
sneering, as he uses his electronic cesta to hurl the pellet back with violent force.
They stop in front of a cell, the guard opens the door and shoves the protesting captive inside.
The door SLAMS shut, locked.
reacting.
He throws it back.
Flynn throws again.
The pellet destroys the ring he was standing on, and Crom has to grab frantically at the edge of the next ring to keep from falling.
His face lit from below by the glow of the Game Grid...  angry He puts down his cesta.
His face suffused with anger.
SMASHING another one of the Blue Warriors against a wall.
One of them glows brilliantly as he touches it, and the Recognizer gives a violent shake, then stops.
The Bit gives a violent start and leaps back, out of the way, but immediately comes back, peering at Flynn.
Before the Bit can answer, Flynn's power flows into the Recognizer, and it takes off like a bat out of hell heading for the city.
as the Reco screeches to a screaming stop...  but the head of it, with Flynn and the Bit, breaks loose, and flies through the air, landing in what looks like a garbage dump.
His eyes are shut.
Tron and Yori stop at the foot of Dumont's altar.
The top of the cone is a flat, sliced-off surface.
furious.
from the stern.
Tron picks himself up from the floor where he was thrown when the Sailer took off, and heads for Yori (at the camera.).
Sark flings his disk with a violent jerk of his wrist.
We see Tron throw his own weapon.
Sark deflects it and immediately throws his own disk.
Tron throws.
Tron continues to throw.
Her eyes stay shut for a second, then open.
Flynn gets up off the floor, goes over to the printer, and READS the document.
Soldiers scream and go nuts.
"I Can't Do Nothing For Ya Man" by Public Enemy blasts.
The Officer does not move, Troy punches his head once.
Vig takes out a U.S. Army pen and uses it to unroll the greasy paper and lie it flat on the sand. is a handwritten map, with scant Arabic writing, a few spare roads, numbers, and three small boxes.
The door explodes open and two MPs grab Archie, pants around his ankles, and drag him from the truck.
Vig fires his pistols with fury at a series of stuffed animals on logs -- blowing the stuffed animals to smithereens.
Doc fires the M-16 and blows the ball to pieces.
Doc throws a ball.
Troy shoots the door lock with his pistol.
Archie kicks the door repeatedly.
They point their guns.
An Iraqi soldier fires a grenade-launcher off his shoulder which explodes the container on the back of the truck -- Milk explodes everywhere, gushing around the wheels of the Humvee and the feet of Archie and the others.
Raging oil fires, 50 feet high -- billowing black smoke.
TWO SOLDIERS grab the Woman from the Man With Glasses, and drag her into a circle with three other soldiers; the ten year-old girl with dirty casts on both arms, screams and punches at them.
The Iraqi Captain paces frantically punching and kicking the walls and talking (SUBTITLED in ENGLISH.).
The Iraqi Captain goes nuts, throwing himself on Doc's back, choking Doc, who flails about.
Troy punches the Iraqi in the head and rips him off Doc.
She is grabbed by the hair and pulled away by an Iraqi soldier, but the Man In Glasses punches him and takes the girl.
The Iraqi Major is pissed.
CUT BACK TO the Major pauses, then smashes the barrel of his machine gun, with Archie's hand, against the Humvee.
Blood dribbles out the bottom of his pants leg like piss.
NO SOUND except for the SLOW MOTION SOUND of the BULLET EXPLODING.
THE ONLY SOUND is the IRAQI'S HEARTBEAT, the bullet tearing flesh and crushing bone, and the heartbeat stopping with a VIOLENT SPLASH.
PAN TO -- slightly slow motion: NO SOUND EXCEPT THE BULLET TEARING INTO IRAQI 7'S KNEE, smashing through bone.
SLOW MOTION: tracer bullets slice across the face of Iraqi 5 and Iraqi 2 in the rear, NO SOUND BUT THE BULLETS BREAKING SLOW MOTION: Archie jams his pistol under the Major's chin and FIRES -- the ONLY SOUND IS THE.
Vig pushes the Humvee's accelerator to the floor.
The Shiite Man In Glasses and his Little Girl cling to the Humvee as they sit on top of the Vuitton hat cases with eight other Shiites, including TWO FIVE YEAR OLDS, A BOY AND GIRL.
REAR OF HUMVEE, SLOW MOTION: half the Shiites hunch down, bracing for an explosion while the other half crane their necks, looking straight up into the sky.
The Hummer drives ten yards, hits the first mine with an explosion and flies into the air -- Flying debris smashes the windshield.
Vig punches Doc in the side of the head.
Iraqi soldiers strip Troy's clothes as he stands in front of Oasis Bunker surrounded only by fortress ruins in the desert.
His clothes are thrown on top of him.
The door is slammed.
He frantically pushes stuff on the floor to block the door.
INTERCUT with bunker: FIRE and CONCRETE EXPLODE into one wall of the bathroom.
Another MORTAR SMASHES through the wall, covers Troy in dust.
Doc and Vig look pissed.
silently destroys Troy's suburban house.
Doc slams in a CD-- TRADITIONAL IRAQI FOLK WAILING PLAYS.
Doc parks, blockading the rear door shut, and, with three Shiite riflemen, jumps out.
Wads of plastic explosive are taped to the grill of the car as it speeds towards the bunker, then drifts to the side -- He jumps up and down and points, but the Infiniti goes far to the side of the bunker and guards point their guns at Vig and the Shiite and they run into the desert as bullets pop around them.
Archie lights a fuse sticking out of the plastic explosive, and drops it into the vent.
An Iraqi helicopter comes in fast and opens FIRE with MACHINE GUNS -- Vig runs toward the bunker for cover, but is cut off by MACHINE GUN FIRE from THE CHOPPER.
The chopper FIRES and one of the Shiites running with Vig is hit in the head, thrown by the force of the gunshot into Vig, who goes down, faking it.
Archie goes down the right side, kicks open a door -- It's the bathroom full of stolen stuff and cell phones -- Doc goes down the left side of the room -- kicks in a door -- a room full of Benneton sweaters in all colors.
It FIRES A GRENADE which EXPLODES next to Archie and Troy.
Archie pretends to throw with nothing in his hand.
The ball hits the ground and EXPLODES.
He pulls out the second ball, cuts another fuse, affixes it.
They bolt out the door, Troy and Archie FIRING pistols, Doc in the middle with the ball.
PAN TO - SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- the ball hits the chopper broadside and THE CHOPPER EXPLODES INTO A BALL OF FIRE.
SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- Vig is hit in the collar bone, ONLY THE SOUND OF THE BULLET SMASHING HIS FLESH AND BONE.
Elsa shuts the door.
Back below, the crowd parts for a troll as old as the Earth.
Over the King's words we...  -The Arendelle castle gates shutting.
-Anna rushes to the hall to see Elsa shut the door to her new room.
The sea rages in a storm.
Breaks it.
We cut between Anna's excitement and Elsa's nerves.
She shivers.
Anna steps cautiously through the door--which hits her frozen butt and knocks her into the center of the shop.
Stalemate.
Oaken slams the door.
He considers, lies back down, pulls his hat over his eyes.
Annoyed, Kristoff offers Sven a carrot.
Anna SCREAMS!
Then she grabs a snowball and throws it at Marshmallow.
They hear an angry ROAR coming closer.
Kristoff passes out and hangs like a rag doll.
They both SCREAM!
The awkwardness is killing him.
She shivers.
TROLLS beat.
He pulls off her cape and hat.
A bunch of trolls give each other kisses.
Elsa snaps out of her rage.
Kristoff takes off his hat and puts it on her head.
He goes to the window and shuts the curtains.
Hans leaves and shuts her in, locking the door.
Anna struggles to the door, yanks on the locked handle.
But not yet satisfied, she turns back and punches him right in the face.
At various points, several BUMS warm their hands at trash-can fires.
Suddenly - SMASH! - the doors burst open from the other side.
The teenage boy lies flat on his back semi-conscious, his eyelids fluttering, his breathing shallow.
The SCREAM continues, a howling horrible sound.
floor and pushes through the crowd to follow.
The dialogue prompts a more furious effort on the part of the POV camera.
A beat.
JP lets the useless gun fall from his hand.
Many books are lying on the sofa, the table, and the floor.
It's tense.
What the hell is going on?
The sounds of confused battle are heard OFF; helicopters, gun- fire, distant explosions, screams of the dying and the wounded Leaves and branches SMACK against the frame as the unseen dreamer rushes confusedly through the dense forest.
A low angry BUZZING.
She's upset.
Pinhead: suddenly animate and furious; eyes wide open, face contorted in frustrated rage, black arms clawing at the air.
Terri fights back, screaming her disbelief and struggling and kicking against him.
Terri throws herself back from the monster's grabbing arms.
Pinhead snarls in frustration, hands clenched in fists of rage.
The door BLASTS open explosively from within.
The Elder Cop gut-punches him and Eddie doubles up.
SLAM!
A beat.
And the audience screams!
Joey throws her hands to her mouth and screams.
Behind him, instead of her kitchen, is the black space of Hell - like the Torture Rooms in HELLRAISER and HELLBOUND, it is full of shadowy pillars and chains.
She reaches it, throws it open ...  and screams.
She throws that one open ...
Miriam shuts off the penlight and looks at Catherine with professional and personal concern.
He opens his mouth in a silent scream.
She shuts the refrigerator door and we linger on an odd POSTCARD taped to the surface.
Valentine cowers in the back of his cage, hating this.
SNARLING!
Ramsey snaps shut the cell-phone.
Her bare feet try to adjust to the tile floor, but it's fucking cold.
BAM!  FOUR MEN KICK in and proceed through the FRONT DOOR!
Novak is past angry.
As Cooperman shows them out, Henry seals shut the door.
Catherine's eye shuts.
Darkness.
Catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, BUT She brutally grabs Catherine, THROWS her against the wall and SMACKS her head against it.
Catherine drops to the floor like a rag doll.
Guilty.
As Stargher is lifted off the pedestal, the doors HISS shut and Valentine curls up on the floor beneath his master.
Catherine's eyes shut.
The electronic HUM becomes RHYTHMIC, AMBIENT NOISE.. INSIDE THE BOX, staying calm, she searches for and finds a TRAP DOOR on the floor.
Dozens of other such domes are visible in the murky hell-hole, but Catherine has no choice.
The dish slips from her fingers and SHATTERS on the floor.
With a finger to his lips, he pockets the locket and shuts the door.
She POUNDS.
The woman cowers, familiar with his violent moods.
She gives him a supportive touch on the shoulder, exits and shuts the door.
Novak catches only a fleeting glimpse of the monster before Stargher King GRABS him by the throat and SMASHES his head against a pedestal.
Novak shuts his eyes and silently tells himself, Not real.
Stargher King grabs his throat and traces the blade down the center of Novak's torso.
NOVAK SCREAMS!
This fucking hurts!
His throat wounded, bloody mess, he descends out of dark nothingness, HOWLING with rage.
Angry and stunned, she demands of Catherine.
Novak pulls his ID BADGE and smacks it against the glass.
Malcolm stabs the pitchfork into the ground in useless anger; John still grips the axe as he follows his father through the hanging bodies of the noblemen to the back row, to see the one man in commoner's dress, like theirs...
Longshanks' eyes expand in fury; it is frightening to see.
He looks up at his wife, as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and heaves!
Playfully he pokes his finger under the collar of her dress, pulling up the strip of checked cloth he gave her at their wedding, which she now wears hidden around her neck.
He slaps the horse's rump and it plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes.
The Magistrate is a battlescarred veteran, a brutal pragmatist angry with his CORPORAL.
Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falters.
Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
Longshanks slaps his son, knocking him down among the colored balls and wickets.
English LORD DOLECROFT is in command, wearing a hat with a pompous white plume.
Joy explodes on his face, and he runs to her, but stops before he touches her, as if she might evaporate.
They burst into the little clearing; the dogs find a body, stabbed, his throat cut; the dogs plunge their snouts into the gore, yipping wildly.
Their lances are useless and it's too late to stop!
Meanwhile, on the other side of the bridge, Wallace and his charging men slam into the English infantry with wild fury.
With rising desire to join the bandwagon, the nobles spur...  DOWN ON THE PLAIN, Wallace and the attacking men drive the English back, killing as they go.
He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack, parrying, letting his arms be cut.
Then Longshanks unleashes his own hateful fury; he grapples with Edward, knocking the dagger away and hurling him to the floor; then Longshanks kicks his son, again and again.
He exhausts his fury on him.
Wallace and the princess are left alone.
As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into the muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it.
sits up gawking as the door explodes inward and Wallace rides through!
But hatred still glows in his eyes.
The angry, defeated magistrate gives a signal.
The heavy door clangs shut behind him.
It's a DOGFIGHT!
The TECHNICIAN slips the blood sample through a slot in the wall.
He's in a box here.
Then, to the TV, where a CARTOON COMMERCIAL makes raucous noises.
The MOTHER slams down the phone.
Nuts?
He's upset.
A beat.
He shuts the door behind him, leaving her alone.
RAILLY hurries to the door to lock it as BEN says to FALE, The three ACTIVISTS are tied tightly together in the middle of the floor in this dimly-lit, windowless basement.
MALCOLM MASON, being escorted by a phalanx of riot cops through a mob of raging activists.
COLE holds up a clipping showing horrified SENATORS standing on their desks as RATTLESNAKES slither along the Senate Floor.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
SMASH.
Then, the trunk swings open and COLE stands in the moonlight, looking down RAILLY is in the trunk, tears of rage and frustration in her eyes.
He slips, falls, and she starts kicking him as she rants hysterically.
PETERS, the red- haired man who insisted to Dr. Railly you didn't have to be insane to think the world was coming to an end.
From littered doorways, DERELICTS sneak peeks at RAILLY as she, seemingly mad, shakes the doorknob, then hammers on the door.
The two expressionless men still have not stirred.
The sound of a gun being cocked.
The stranger wears a fierce bear head as hat.
The door slams.
Rooster cocks his head.
Quincy jerks up one knee, banging the bottom of the table and sloshing Rooster's sofky as he grabs something from his boot: a knife.
Rooster has his gun out now and fires.
LeBoeuf unholsters a gun and points it at the four men.
None of the riders bothers to unholster a gun.
He pulls out a navy six-gun and fires.
Rooster cocks his head at the landed bottle several paces distant.
It explodes.
A beat, and he pulls out his six-gun and fires in.
Rain patters on his hat.
She refuses to take it.
She lies down again.
Chaney grabs the gun and flings it away, then holds on to Mattie and slaps her.
He puts a muddy boot on her neck.
He has a round face and idiot eyes.
He makes loud turkey-gobbling noises at Mattie.
Lucky Ned speaks quietly, without lowering the glass: From somewhere in the woods below we hear the idiot's gobbling noises.
The well dressed man and the idiot trudge up from the woods onto the rock ledge.
As Chaney moans the idiot makes calf- bawling noises in imitation.
The idiot is still bawling.
Chaney grabs a stone and flings it at him and the idiot scampers back, making goat noises.
His gaze then swings to the idiot.
Her clawing stops.
The idiot is gaily waving a revolver over his head, not firing, squawking like a chicken as he charges.
He cocks his head to sight, puffing pipesmoke.
He screams as the gun roars and bucks back into his shoulder.
Mattie screams.
She grabs it up.
Tree branches slap at him and take his hat.
Mattie screams.
Rooster gives inarticulate curses as he kicks it on.
One doffs his hat and rises when Mattie addresses the pair; the other stays seated, slurping from his bottle.
But Claudia doesn't take note of it; she is too busy fuming over Anna's lack of consideration, eager to let them both understand that she is sick and tired of waiting around.
Slightly off to one side, Raimondo is exploring the depths, with his spear-gun in hand, ready to shoot.
She is obviously piqued and angry, but more with herself than with Anna.
He is staring at Patrizia with such an intense expression that she becomes thoroughly annoyed and says to him, as she continues working at her puzzle: Coming down the steps that lead into the cabin, Claudia overhears the end of the conversation, and decides to withdraw.
She turns and walks away in a rage.
Ignoring Sandro's remark, Claudia turns and determinedly heads towards the interior of the island.
As he arrives on the scene, two policemen step out of the confusion dragging a large crate, which they carry over to the door of a nearby shack, amid the protests of the islanders who are still arguing and shouting among themselves.
He stops -- angry, disappointed and upset.
The girl immediately strikes a pose.
Claudia resigns herself to escorting Giulia to the floor up above.
Before anybody has a chance to say anything, she heads towards the door, swings it open and stands firmly on the threshold,  obviously intent on telling Claudia to leave.
Giulia takes a few steps backward into the room, and seeing Claudia still there looking at her strangely, exclaims: And with a violent bang that leaves Claudia startled, Giulia slams the door shut.
They are words of protest but spoken condescendingly, almost sweetly, yet leaving no doubt as to their meaning.
But he is unable to ignore them; they plainly annoy him.
Claudia remains standing, somewhat annoyed by the crowd of people around her. Patrizia rises and leads Claudia out to a terrace that overlooks the entire bay which is dotted with lights.
As Ettore returns to his friends with whom he had been speaking and laughing, Sandro looks at him almost with a sense of rage.
With an angry gesture, Sandro finishes his drink, gulping the whiskey down in one fast swallow.
Vince ducks as Christy throws an ashtray at him, and it smashes against the wall.
She is caught between tears and rage.
Christy grabs the mink and heads out the door.
Joey slams Ernie on the side of the head with the gun.
They hear a muffled SCREAM, from elsewhere in the convent.
As Joey opens the door for him, another car drives by, and stops.
They wear large, ungainly straw hats over their wimples.
Christy has been given a hoe and a straw hat.
We hear Christy SCREAM, O.S.
They stop by a door.
After the door shuts, Christy stands and looks out the one small window in her cell.
Mother Superior is seated behind her desk; she is very angry.
Mother Superior is striding down the hall; she is livid.
Christy takes her dust rag and pretends to polish the receiver.
They scream, and Christy grabs Mary Robert and throws her out of the car's path; the two women land on a pile of garbage bags.
Mother Superior is livid.
The Dealer turns and walks back to his house with anger.
In one stride, he grabs his hat and coat and is out the door on the run.
Christy, frustrated, leaves the room.
Parker looks annoyed -- he doesn't like deviations from procedure -- but after a moment of indecision, he sets the file folder on Tate's desk and walks away.
Mother Superior and the nuns are arguing with the MANAGER of the airport, a grouchy guy in grease-stained overalls.
He's getting angry.
With a fierce jerk, she pulls the neckties with all her might, smashing Joey's head against Willy's.
Before them is a large room filled with glitter and sin, the SOUND of jackpots and crap tables.
Everyone at the table turns toward Christy, outraged.
He is furious.
Inside, huddled together against the rage outside, are a small group of people.
Before them, on the cramped altar, lies a man.
A place of seedy, anonymous brick flophouses shackled by rusting fire escapes, lying on an alley unique only for its bad drainage.
Lumpy iron bed, sink that's been pissed into one too many times, and SIMON; a man in a tight sweater and dark sunglasses, busily emptying his pockets on the ruined dresser: loose change, a town paper's obituary column.
The gargoyle SMACKS the frame and COLLAPSES, his head CRACKING on the sill and FORCING a shard of glass through his neck.
Thomas sits at his desk half-heartily trying to make sense of the three dozen files piled there.
The boy is pissed, embarrassed.
He comes upstairs to the landing, where the door to the room is covered with a strip of yellow tape: POLICE INVESTIGATION.
Gabriel pulls the tape aside and KICKS the door open.
It's brutal.
Thomas is left alone with Player (priest.)
The guard SMACKS against the wall and crumples out of view.
Tiled floor and refrigerated corpses.
The class immediately erupts into goofing off.
Brutal.
Suddenly her face cracks as her voice chokes with a sob.
And all around them the sucking blackness of the earth.
Flashes of images: Of screams and fire.
The images are driving them mad.
He immediately pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end of the hall and KICKS it in.
Thomas cries out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off an ear.
Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the bed as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thomas up against the wall.
He THROWS Thomas down onto a table, SPLINTERING it.
Thomas suddenly slams his fist against the wall in anger.
A fire has been built on the kiva's floor.
Shrieking, a mad porcelain banshee out of the dusk, Rachael catches up and TACKLES him.
Mad with pain and anger and desperation, Thomas manages to climb to a shaky crouch, Rachael still shrieking on his back.
He walks to the second and KICKS its door down.
Steps up to the kiva door and KICKS it.
Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who groans at the sight of him.
The room goes insane.
The Sheriff takes his hat off.
Norman stops.
A Claire's chin begins to tremble and she chokes out a sob.
The noise abruptly stops.
Cards with faces swarm chaotically across the screen with the message:  YOU WIN! Without warning, the radio dial rips cacophonously past several stations and comes to a stop on some angry, punkish rock and roll.
The whispering stops.
She stops by the door to watch him.
She hears a car door slam and glances out the window in time to see Mr. Feur driving off.
He pulls out a cell phone and punches in a number.
Claire looks sucker punched.
Beat.
She wheels on him with fury.
Sobbing, she shuts off the squeaky faucets and struggles to pull him upright.
She's sucked down into the water.
Protruding from its lock... THE INTERLOCKED CIRCLES.
He takes the phone, punches in three numbers, waits.
Steam drifts out through the crack.
Norman stops.
Norman explodes backwards, slamming his head into the BRASS SHOWER NOZZLE.
THUD!
She flips open the cell phone and punches in 911.
Claire desperately punches the "talk" button again... "NO SERVICE."
Claire punches the talk button again.
A TRAILER CRANK punches through the window.
She hears the hissing of the smashed radiator, then sees Norman, a shattered bloody mess on the floor of the cab.
Her ribs have just cleared the glass when a bloody fist locks onto her ankle and yanks her inside.
The sound of a furious cello solo.
The glass barely touches his lips as he freezes at the SOUND OF DROPPING TRAYS and a PIERCING SCREAM.
He stands there and even in the darkness WE CAN OBSERVE that he is an angry man.
The Time Traveller stands there until he hears the FRONT DOOR SHUT.
His eyes gleam with a mad light, half pleasure, half pain.
During this: Suddenly he hears the SOUNDS OF AIRPLANES and EXPLOSIONS in a strangely ACCELERATED manner.
The two opposite elements, molten rock and cold green water, dwarf the ruined city as they leap toward each other, and meet with explosive fury.
With sudden violence he slams his fist into a whole shelf of books.
He turns back in anger.
The ECHOING SIRENS are now getting on his nerves.
He clutches at Morlock's throat, banging his head against the rock wall, finally throwing him off ledge.
The burning torch catches the Cauldron on fire, which quickly spreads across the floor of the Cavern, to the steaming Machine on the right, which explodes.
Another Morlock comes from behind machine, as fire creeps across floor, almost reaches machine at same time as fire - and it explodes.
They stop and stare at the sight of the Morlock world being destroyed below.
Staring into the vast destruction.
Mrs. Watchett listens as Filby moves to the imprint in the floor where the Machine first stood and explains.
They stop at the door and Mrs. Watchett stands beside Filby as he opens it.
Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMCORDER.
AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a number of pieces.
Then, the sound of a CAR ENGINE turning off and a door SLAMMING is heard.
And than it STRIKES.
They make a mad dash for the jungle.
Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
He wants everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
A beat.
She SCREAMS.
Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot.
The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in the room.
As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one of the open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them.
Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor SLAMS into it, driving the door into the cage.
The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door.
They almost catch her as Billy and Paul pull her back up on the limb The raptors stare up at them, angry their plan didn't work.
They coop him up.
The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle free.
But his smile quickly fades as he sees diving down from above in angry pursuit of their lost prey.
Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swarms around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.
We float under the gigantic, arching necks of eighty-foot BRACHIOSAURS.
Grant shuts off the phone.
Spinosaurus grabs the cage and Paul, throwing both straight up out of the water.
Steve Bolander stops the elegant machine and gets out.
He looks slightly ridiculous but always thinks he's projecting an air of supercool.
Her tone changes immediately.
He passes a group of guys bullshitting around the raised hood of a souped-up parked car.
She takes Eddie by the hand and leaves Steve fuming with Peg.
He stares at her and she shuts up.
John pulls the car over and stops.
Standing among the crowd, Steve and Laurie both look angry.
She slams the door.
Terry is destroyed.
The owner puts everything into a bag and starts to ring it up.
The owner takes the money from him and gives him his change.
Suddenly, the owner emerges from behind the counter, shooting wildly.
John sticks his hand into his pockets moodily and stops and looks at one of the burnt-out cars.
Joe unbends and lightly punches Curt on the shoulder.
Joe gives him another charming punch on the shoulder.
Even John has to chuckle at the mad D.J.'s raspy patter.
Carol jumps out of the car as John stops the car in the right hand lane next to the Cadillac.
She puts her coke on the floor.
He motions for her to shut up and they listen.
He stops by a parking meter and sinks down on top of it.
He punches it and wheels into a fast U-turn.
The hoods have quit playing with Terry and are punching him.
Terry is upset now.
He sucks on a popsicle.
As it does the manager punches some buttons and the record segues into a Wolfman howl and then the distinctive Wolfman voice takes over.
Falfa looks insane as he tromps it.
He pulls him off by the neck of the shirt and when they're a few yards off, Falfa's '55 Chevy does blow--exploding like a small A-bomb, blowing it into Modesto history.
O.S. arguing "I DID NOT!" "YES YOU DID!" "LIAR!" etc.
Roberta disappears inside and slams the window shut.
A beat.
Roberta knocks on Janet's door.
For the first measures, Janet's still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won over.
A beat.
A beat.
He dashes out.
This makes De Sean blush -- and it pisses him off.
He keeps one eye on a stack of quizzes that he's marking, stopping to circle mistakes with the pen.
The students immediately start to chatter.
He looks back at Roberta, annoyed by her intrusion.
This embarrasses her, then pisses her off.
Roberta walks through crowds of kids towards Janet who's in the middle of confronting a boy student.
Roberta listens to the students play "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" -- badly.
Lexi looks upset; Nick is stoic.
There's a KNOCK on the DOOR.
He looks sexy as hell (even with a silly lit-up Santa Claus pin on his leather jacket.),
Roberta takes this in, upset.
He stalks towards Nick menacingly, picks him up and pretends he's going to throw him into the water.
He pretends again to throw Nick in, then puts him down.
Nick THROWS the violin against the floor.
His tone and expression tell her the words are not forthcoming.
LAMB and her husband, watching Becky in amazement; ISABEL and her daughter sitting with ASSUNTA, NICK and LEXI; JANET, impressed as hell; and DENNIS, seething with jealousy.
Rachel stops, frustrated.
Roberta illegally parks her old Honda, rushes out of the car, grabs her book bags and three violins, pulls a parking ticket from her pocket and puts it on the windshield.
Ramon sits on the floor, upset, half-heartedly building with Legos, while his parents argue in the KITCHEN.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
A beat.
He dashes off, a barrage of Spanish and English curses behind him, and crosses to his sister, waiting for him DOWN THE STREET.
Roberta stops.
The room electrifies with nerves.
Butt-Head puts the woman down and he and Beavis begin to go at it, leveling the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack-fights.
We see a CROWBAR lying on the floor, and the front door left open.
Butt-Head slaps a pimp.
She SPANKS him.
People stop their screaming.
Beavis is in the doorway SCREAMING.
The pilots SCREAM.
HARLAN and ROSS, the two dumb-looking rough-necks that stole B&B's TV are standing outside Muddy's motel room.
Harlan knocks on the door.
Annoyed, the bellboy leaves.
B&B are left alone.
Butt-Head grabs Beavis' neck.
She shuts the door, leaving B&B outside.
Just as the elevator doors shut, dozens of federal agents with guns rush in and kick open Dallas' door.
They're smashed by the flood.
Flemming and several of his agents get out and head immediately for the dam.
B&B looking particularly stupid.
TIGHT ON Beavis' butt, as Butt-head KICKS IT REPEATEDLY.
B&B press their BARE ASSES against the window.
Ahead of them they see a DUMB GUY and a DUMBER GUY with motorcycles parked.
An agent interrupts, punching Van Driessen in the gut.
It's the DUMB GUY and DUMBER GUY from the desert.
The Dumb Guy looks like an older, more stupid, version of Butt- Head.
Dumb Guy punches Dumber Guy in the head with a closed fist.
Dumb Guy gets up, turns his butt towards the fire and starts to drop his pants.
The Dumb Guy and Dumber Guy are gone.
Several other sperm charge in, knocking Beavis into the egg.
Beavis tries to run, but hits the road and flips over and over - and smashes his butt.
His body stops in the middle of the road.
Other cars behind it smash and pile up.
Muddy cocks his gun.
Muddy finishes tying Dallas' hands behind her back.
He's too loud now for Sandy to ignore.
ON FLEMMING AND THE HEAD SECRET SERVICE GUY - arguing.
He shouts in frustration.
Beavis goes into Anderson's camper and shuts the door.
Tom throws Beavis/Cornholio out the door.
B&B head off into the sunset, trading lame insults as we FADE OUT.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
top.location.href=location.href
SKIP BAKER, who is thirteen, crawls out of his pigeon cage, holding two birds that he throws up in the air.
A group of kids walking by Rodney's window shout insulting things about his horn playing.
Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the door.
Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in.
Junior is irritated at his brother.
Linda lets out a little scream.
A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against the china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR.
Harry hides his anger about being touched with the broom.
A dog starts to bark and a garbage can is knocked over.
He fans himself with his hat.
Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand.
Suzie knocks on the door.
Hattie hates it when he comes near her.
Hattie is angered.
There is dislike in her stare.
She is so mad that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
People near him try to make him slow down but his pride forces him to be ridiculous.
She throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
He claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO through the house.
Suzie knocks on the door.
The suitcases are in the middle of the floor.
He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
Junior gets more violent and starts to shake the car.
He refuses but she tries to pull his hand towards her.
Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
The bleeding has stopped.
He gets into an argument with the people on the other end of the phone.
She has an angry expression.
Sunny follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him.
She slams the door.
Harry's body lies on the floor.
In the clearing, a UC JOCK stands behind his ASIAN GIRLFRIEND, kissing her neck and removing her clothes.
And on cue comes the ring of the doorbell and the simultaneous pounding of angry Navy fists on the back door.
The two big guys with bad haircuts hold Jerry off the ground while the earnstwhile Chevy owner goes through his pockets.
Jerry's got on a hat made from Coors beer cans.
They've pulled to a stop.
Sheeni stops.
Stops to regard the reproduction of Massaccio's Expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden on the wall.
Sheeni wears Khakis, red bandanna neckerchief, and an Australian bush hat.
Mrs. Saunders starts screaming too, the sound of a pig being slaughtered.
The two expressionless men still have not stirred.
The sound of a gun being cocked.
The stranger wears a fierce bear head as hat.
The door slams.
Rooster cocks his head.
Beat.
Quincy jerks up one knee, banging the bottom of the table and sloshing Rooster's sofky as he grabs something from his boot: a knife.
Rooster has his gun out now and fires.
LeBoeuf unholsters a gun and points it at the four men.
None of the riders bothers to unholster a gun.
He pulls out a navy six-gun and fires.
Rooster cocks his head at the landed bottle several paces distant.
It explodes.
A beat, and he pulls out his six-gun and fires in.
Rain patters on his hat.
She refuses to take it.
She lies down again.
Chaney grabs the gun and flings it away, then holds on to Mattie and slaps her.
He puts a muddy boot on her neck.
He has a round face and idiot eyes.
He makes loud turkey-gobbling noises at Mattie.
Lucky Ned speaks quietly, without lowering the glass: From somewhere in the woods below we hear the idiot's gobbling noises.
The well dressed man and the idiot trudge up from the woods onto the rock ledge.
As Chaney moans the idiot makes calf- bawling noises in imitation.
The idiot is still bawling.
Chaney grabs a stone and flings it at him and the idiot scampers back, making goat noises.
His gaze then swings to the idiot.
She claws at it.
Her clawing stops.
A beat.
The idiot is gaily waving a revolver over his head, not firing, squawking like a chicken as he charges.
He cocks his head to sight, puffing pipesmoke.
He screams as the gun roars and bucks back into his shoulder.
Mattie screams.
She grabs it up.
Tree branches slap at him and take his hat.
Mattie screams.
Rooster gives inarticulate curses as he kicks it on.
One doffs his hat and rises when Mattie addresses the pair; the other stays seated, slurping from his bottle.
But Claudia doesn't take note of it; she is too busy fuming over Anna's lack of consideration, eager to let them both understand that she is sick and tired of waiting around.
Slightly off to one side, Raimondo is exploring the depths, with his spear-gun in hand, ready to shoot.
She is obviously piqued and angry, but more with herself than with Anna.
He is staring at Patrizia with such an intense expression that she becomes thoroughly annoyed and says to him, as she continues working at her puzzle: Coming down the steps that lead into the cabin, Claudia overhears the end of the conversation, and decides to withdraw.
She turns and walks away in a rage.
Ignoring Sandro's remark, Claudia turns and determinedly heads towards the interior of the island.
As he arrives on the scene, two policemen step out of the confusion dragging a large crate, which they carry over to the door of a nearby shack, amid the protests of the islanders who are still arguing and shouting among themselves.
He stops -- angry, disappointed and upset.
The girl immediately strikes a pose.
Claudia resigns herself to escorting Giulia to the floor up above.
Before anybody has a chance to say anything, she heads towards the door, swings it open and stands firmly on the threshold,  obviously intent on telling Claudia to leave.
Giulia takes a few steps backward into the room, and seeing Claudia still there looking at her strangely, exclaims: And with a violent bang that leaves Claudia startled, Giulia slams the door shut.
They are words of protest but spoken condescendingly, almost sweetly, yet leaving no doubt as to their meaning.
But he is unable to ignore them; they plainly annoy him.
Claudia remains standing, somewhat annoyed by the crowd of people around her. Patrizia rises and leads Claudia out to a terrace that overlooks the entire bay which is dotted with lights.
As Ettore returns to his friends with whom he had been speaking and laughing, Sandro looks at him almost with a sense of rage.
With an angry gesture, Sandro finishes his drink, gulping the whiskey down in one fast swallow.
Vince ducks as Christy throws an ashtray at him, and it smashes against the wall.
She is caught between tears and rage.
Christy grabs the mink and heads out the door.
Joey slams Ernie on the side of the head with the gun.
They hear a muffled SCREAM, from elsewhere in the convent.
As Joey opens the door for him, another car drives by, and stops.
They wear large, ungainly straw hats over their wimples.
Christy has been given a hoe and a straw hat.
We hear Christy SCREAM, O.S.
They stop by a door.
After the door shuts, Christy stands and looks out the one small window in her cell.
Mother Superior is seated behind her desk; she is very angry.
Mother Superior is striding down the hall; she is livid.
Christy takes her dust rag and pretends to polish the receiver.
They scream, and Christy grabs Mary Robert and throws her out of the car's path; the two women land on a pile of garbage bags.
Mother Superior is livid.
The Dealer turns and walks back to his house with anger.
In one stride, he grabs his hat and coat and is out the door on the run.
Christy, frustrated, leaves the room.
Parker looks annoyed -- he doesn't like deviations from procedure -- but after a moment of indecision, he sets the file folder on Tate's desk and walks away.
Mother Superior and the nuns are arguing with the MANAGER of the airport, a grouchy guy in grease-stained overalls.
He's getting angry.
With a fierce jerk, she pulls the neckties with all her might, smashing Joey's head against Willy's.
Before them is a large room filled with glitter and sin, the SOUND of jackpots and crap tables.
Everyone at the table turns toward Christy, outraged.
He is furious.
Inside, huddled together against the rage outside, are a small group of people.
Before them, on the cramped altar, lies a man.
A place of seedy, anonymous brick flophouses shackled by rusting fire escapes, lying on an alley unique only for its bad drainage.
Lumpy iron bed, sink that's been pissed into one too many times, and SIMON; a man in a tight sweater and dark sunglasses, busily emptying his pockets on the ruined dresser: loose change, a town paper's obituary column.
The gargoyle SMACKS the frame and COLLAPSES, his head CRACKING on the sill and FORCING a shard of glass through his neck.
Thomas sits at his desk half-heartily trying to make sense of the three dozen files piled there.
The boy is pissed, embarrassed.
He comes upstairs to the landing, where the door to the room is covered with a strip of yellow tape: POLICE INVESTIGATION.
Gabriel pulls the tape aside and KICKS the door open.
It's brutal.
Thomas is left alone with Player (priest.)
The guard SMACKS against the wall and crumples out of view.
Tiled floor and refrigerated corpses.
The class immediately erupts into goofing off.
Brutal.
Death.
Suddenly her face cracks as her voice chokes with a sob.
And all around them the sucking blackness of the earth.
Flashes of images: Of screams and fire.
The images are driving them mad.
He immediately pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end of the hall and KICKS it in.
Thomas cries out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off an ear.
Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the bed as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thomas up against the wall.
He THROWS Thomas down onto a table, SPLINTERING it.
Thomas suddenly slams his fist against the wall in anger.
A fire has been built on the kiva's floor.
Shrieking, a mad porcelain banshee out of the dusk, Rachael catches up and TACKLES him.
Mad with pain and anger and desperation, Thomas manages to climb to a shaky crouch, Rachael still shrieking on his back.
He walks to the second and KICKS its door down.
Steps up to the kiva door and KICKS it.
A claw.
Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who groans at the sight of him.
The room goes insane.
The Sheriff takes his hat off.
Beat.
Norman stops.
Beat.
Beat.
A Claire's chin begins to tremble and she chokes out a sob.
Beat.
The noise abruptly stops.
Cards with faces swarm chaotically across the screen with the message:  YOU WIN! Without warning, the radio dial rips cacophonously past several stations and comes to a stop on some angry, punkish rock and roll.
The whispering stops.
She stops by the door to watch him.
She hears a car door slam and glances out the window in time to see Mr. Feur driving off.
Slam.
Beat.
He pulls out a cell phone and punches in a number.
Beat.
Claire looks sucker punched.
She wheels on him with fury.
Sobbing, she shuts off the squeaky faucets and struggles to pull him upright.
She's sucked down into the water.
Protruding from its lock... THE INTERLOCKED CIRCLES.
He's a wreck.
He takes the phone, punches in three numbers, waits.
He hangs up.
Steam drifts out through the crack.
We can feel her revulsion.
Norman stops.
Norman explodes backwards, slamming his head into the BRASS SHOWER NOZZLE.
THUD!
She flips open the cell phone and punches in 911.
Claire desperately punches the "talk" button again... "NO SERVICE."
Claire punches the talk button again.
A TRAILER CRANK punches through the window.
She hears the hissing of the smashed radiator, then sees Norman, a shattered bloody mess on the floor of the cab.
Her ribs have just cleared the glass when a bloody fist locks onto her ankle and yanks her inside.
The sound of a furious cello solo.
The glass barely touches his lips as he freezes at the SOUND OF DROPPING TRAYS and a PIERCING SCREAM.
He stands there and even in the darkness WE CAN OBSERVE that he is an angry man.
The Time Traveller stands there until he hears the FRONT DOOR SHUT.
His eyes gleam with a mad light, half pleasure, half pain.
During this: Suddenly he hears the SOUNDS OF AIRPLANES and EXPLOSIONS in a strangely ACCELERATED manner.
The two opposite elements, molten rock and cold green water, dwarf the ruined city as they leap toward each other, and meet with explosive fury.
With sudden violence he slams his fist into a whole shelf of books.
He turns back in anger.
The ECHOING SIRENS are now getting on his nerves.
He clutches at Morlock's throat, banging his head against the rock wall, finally throwing him off ledge.
The burning torch catches the Cauldron on fire, which quickly spreads across the floor of the Cavern, to the steaming Machine on the right, which explodes.
Another Morlock comes from behind machine, as fire creeps across floor, almost reaches machine at same time as fire - and it explodes.
They stop and stare at the sight of the Morlock world being destroyed below.
Staring into the vast destruction.
Mrs. Watchett listens as Filby moves to the imprint in the floor where the Machine first stood and explains.
They stop at the door and Mrs. Watchett stands beside Filby as he opens it.
Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMCORDER.
AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a number of pieces.
Then, the sound of a CAR ENGINE turning off and a door SLAMMING is heard.
And than it STRIKES.
They make a mad dash for the jungle.
Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
He wants everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
A beat.
Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot.
She SCREAMS.
The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in the room.
As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one of the open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them.
Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor SLAMS into it, driving the door into the cage.
The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door.
They almost catch her as Billy and Paul pull her back up on the limb The raptors stare up at them, angry their plan didn't work.
They coop him up.
The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle free.
But his smile quickly fades as he sees diving down from above in angry pursuit of their lost prey.
Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swarms around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.
We float under the gigantic, arching necks of eighty-foot BRACHIOSAURS.
Grant shuts off the phone.
Spinosaurus grabs the cage and Paul, throwing both straight up out of the water.
Steve Bolander stops the elegant machine and gets out.
He looks slightly ridiculous but always thinks he's projecting an air of supercool.
Her tone changes immediately.
He passes a group of guys bullshitting around the raised hood of a souped-up parked car.
She takes Eddie by the hand and leaves Steve fuming with Peg.
He stares at her and she shuts up.
John pulls the car over and stops.
Standing among the crowd, Steve and Laurie both look angry.
She slams the door.
Terry is destroyed.
The owner puts everything into a bag and starts to ring it up.
The owner takes the money from him and gives him his change.
Suddenly, the owner emerges from behind the counter, shooting wildly.
John sticks his hand into his pockets moodily and stops and looks at one of the burnt-out cars.
Joe unbends and lightly punches Curt on the shoulder.
Joe gives him another charming punch on the shoulder.
Even John has to chuckle at the mad D.J.'s raspy patter.
Carol jumps out of the car as John stops the car in the right hand lane next to the Cadillac.
She puts her coke on the floor.
He motions for her to shut up and they listen.
He stops by a parking meter and sinks down on top of it.
He punches it and wheels into a fast U-turn.
The hoods have quit playing with Terry and are punching him.
Terry is upset now.
He sucks on a popsicle.
As it does the manager punches some buttons and the record segues into a Wolfman howl and then the distinctive Wolfman voice takes over.
Falfa looks insane as he tromps it.
He pulls him off by the neck of the shirt and when they're a few yards off, Falfa's '55 Chevy does blow--exploding like a small A-bomb, blowing it into Modesto history.
O.S. arguing "I DID NOT!" "YES YOU DID!" "LIAR!" etc.
Roberta disappears inside and slams the window shut.
A beat.
Roberta knocks on Janet's door.
For the first measures, Janet's still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won over.
A beat.
This makes De Sean blush -- and it pisses him off.
He keeps one eye on a stack of quizzes that he's marking, stopping to circle mistakes with the pen.
The students immediately start to chatter.
He looks back at Roberta, annoyed by her intrusion.
A beat.
A beat.
This embarrasses her, then pisses her off.
Roberta walks through crowds of kids towards Janet who's in the middle of confronting a boy student.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Roberta listens to the students play "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" -- badly.
A beat.
Lexi looks upset; Nick is stoic.
There's a KNOCK on the DOOR.
He looks sexy as hell (even with a silly lit-up Santa Claus pin on his leather jacket.),
A few beats.
Roberta takes this in, upset.
He stalks towards Nick menacingly, picks him up and pretends he's going to throw him into the water.
He pretends again to throw Nick in, then puts him down.
A beat.
Nick THROWS the violin against the floor.
His tone and expression tell her the words are not forthcoming.
LAMB and her husband, watching Becky in amazement; ISABEL and her daughter sitting with ASSUNTA, NICK and LEXI; JANET, impressed as hell; and DENNIS, seething with jealousy.
Rachel stops, frustrated.
Roberta illegally parks her old Honda, rushes out of the car, grabs her book bags and three violins, pulls a parking ticket from her pocket and puts it on the windshield.
Ramon sits on the floor, upset, half-heartedly building with Legos, while his parents argue in the KITCHEN.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
He dashes off, a barrage of Spanish and English curses behind him, and crosses to his sister, waiting for him DOWN THE STREET.
Roberta stops.
A few beats.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
The room electrifies with nerves.
Butt-Head puts the woman down and he and Beavis begin to go at it, leveling the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack-fights.
We see a CROWBAR lying on the floor, and the front door left open.
Butt-Head slaps a pimp.
She SPANKS him.
People stop their screaming.
Beavis is in the doorway SCREAMING.
The pilots SCREAM.
HARLAN and ROSS, the two dumb-looking rough-necks that stole B&B's TV are standing outside Muddy's motel room.
Harlan knocks on the door.
Annoyed, the bellboy leaves.
B&B are left alone.
Butt-Head grabs Beavis' neck.
She shuts the door, leaving B&B outside.
Just as the elevator doors shut, dozens of federal agents with guns rush in and kick open Dallas' door.
They're smashed by the flood.
Disaster.
Flemming and several of his agents get out and head immediately for the dam.
B&B looking particularly stupid.
TIGHT ON Beavis' butt, as Butt-head KICKS IT REPEATEDLY.
He guns it.
B&B press their BARE ASSES against the window.
Ahead of them they see a DUMB GUY and a DUMBER GUY with motorcycles parked.
An agent interrupts, punching Van Driessen in the gut.
It's the DUMB GUY and DUMBER GUY from the desert.
The Dumb Guy looks like an older, more stupid, version of Butt- Head.
Dumb Guy punches Dumber Guy in the head with a closed fist.
Dumb Guy gets up, turns his butt towards the fire and starts to drop his pants.
The Dumb Guy and Dumber Guy are gone.
Several other sperm charge in, knocking Beavis into the egg.
Beavis tries to run, but hits the road and flips over and over - and smashes his butt.
His body stops in the middle of the road.
Other cars behind it smash and pile up.
Muddy cocks his gun.
Muddy finishes tying Dallas' hands behind her back.
He's too loud now for Sandy to ignore.
ON FLEMMING AND THE HEAD SECRET SERVICE GUY - arguing.
He shouts in frustration.
Beavis goes into Anderson's camper and shuts the door.
Tom throws Beavis/Cornholio out the door.
B&B head off into the sunset, trading lame insults as we FADE OUT.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
top.location.href=location.href
SKIP BAKER, who is thirteen, crawls out of his pigeon cage, holding two birds that he throws up in the air.
A group of kids walking by Rodney's window shout insulting things about his horn playing.
Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the door.
Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in.
Junior is irritated at his brother.
Linda lets out a little scream.
A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against the china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR.
Harry hides his anger about being touched with the broom.
A dog starts to bark and a garbage can is knocked over.
He fans himself with his hat.
Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand.
Suzie knocks on the door.
Hattie hates it when he comes near her.
Hattie is angered.
There is dislike in her stare.
She is so mad that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
People near him try to make him slow down but his pride forces him to be ridiculous.
She throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
He claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO through the house.
Suzie knocks on the door.
The suitcases are in the middle of the floor.
He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
Junior gets more violent and starts to shake the car.
He refuses but she tries to pull his hand towards her.
Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
The bleeding has stopped.
He gets into an argument with the people on the other end of the phone.
She has an angry expression.
Sunny follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him.
She slams the door.
Harry's body lies on the floor.
In the clearing, a UC JOCK stands behind his ASIAN GIRLFRIEND, kissing her neck and removing her clothes.
And on cue comes the ring of the doorbell and the simultaneous pounding of angry Navy fists on the back door.
The two big guys with bad haircuts hold Jerry off the ground while the earnstwhile Chevy owner goes through his pockets.
Jerry's got on a hat made from Coors beer cans.
They've pulled to a stop.
Sheeni stops.
Stops to regard the reproduction of Massaccio's Expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden on the wall.
Sheeni wears Khakis, red bandanna neckerchief, and an Australian bush hat.
Mrs. Saunders starts screaming too, the sound of a pig being slaughtered.
Albert WHIMPERS and cocks his head.
Francois cocks the machine-gun.
He slams the door.
They both start screaming as they are blasted with cold water.
A BLOODCURDLING SCREAM rises up from the home.
The screen door slams behind him.
She lets out a scream.
She slams the door.
The Berkeley fire rages on the television.
Estelle screams into the phone.
Nick leans back and glares in silent protest as everyone takes their seats at the table.
Nick tries to shut out the sound of Dwayne getting into the creaky bed behind him.
Nick waits a beat, staring in disbelief.
Beat.
Beat.
And with that he cocks the Thompson for dramatic flare.
Nick knocks on the door.
You know damn well, Nick.
He slams down the phone.
The Viewscreen now shows TWO TRANSPORT SHIPS trapped like insects in the violent torrent of energy.
The ships are being buffeted and thrown about by large TENDRILS of CRACKLING ENERGY.
Kirk shuts up.
The ship is destroyed by an energy tendril.
BULKHEAD EXPLODES, sending metal fragments screaming across the Bridge and KILLING the Navigator.
He stops and reacts.
Beat.
His expression is dark and angry.
She dabs a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth...  her expression is angry and threatening.
A jolt.
He turns and manually SHUTS the hatch behind him.
Moves away from the battle section...  before it can completely escape, the battle section EXPLODES -- the force of the explosion hits the saucer section, knocking it toward the planet.
Everyone is knocked to their knees.
reacts.
A beat.
Kirk moves to the stove and tosses out the ruined eggs.
-- Kirk punches Soran and sends him flying backward.
His look of shock turns to fury and madness.
She grabs the box of bullets and throws them in, too.
Doors on the coroner's van SLAM shut.
The room is a mess.
Darryl is mad, but he's still watching the game.
This only makes him madder.
She hangs up on him.
He stops at the door.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
Another KNOCK.
She looks disheveled but is grinning like an idiot.
She's in a world of shit.
Darryl stands and crosses the hall to the room as the door shuts in his face.
Darryl tries the doorknob, but the door is locked.
Everyone is very disappointed, taking off their headsets, turning off tape recorders and looking at Darryl like he's an idiot.
On hearing this Louise mouths the word "shit" in a very frustrated way.
Louise yanks open her car door, gets in and slams the door and fires up the ENGINE.
The car is SCREAMING down the road.
It's Thelma and she puts the gun to his head.
Frustrated, Hal slams down the phone.
She points the gun at it, takes a second to get a bead, then SHOOTS two of the tires flat.
They both turn towards the truck and FIRE rounds into the tankers until they EXPLODE in a huge ball of fire.
The truck driver screams at the top of his lungs.
As she gets to the road she stops.
He screams and ducks down into the seat.
Louise FLOORS it and her car screams ahead.
Louise puts the car in gear and FLOORS it.
We see the one colored blue throw; his disk smashes into the second warrior, and he dissolves into thousands of glowing lines.
sneering, as he uses his electronic cesta to hurl the pellet back with violent force.
They stop in front of a cell, the guard opens the door and shoves the protesting captive inside.
The door SLAMS shut, locked.
He throws it back.
Flynn throws again.
The pellet destroys the ring he was standing on, and Crom has to grab frantically at the edge of the next ring to keep from falling.
His face lit from below by the glow of the Game Grid...  angry He puts down his cesta.
His face suffused with anger.
SMASHING another one of the Blue Warriors against a wall.
One of them glows brilliantly as he touches it, and the Recognizer gives a violent shake, then stops.
The Bit gives a violent start and leaps back, out of the way, but immediately comes back, peering at Flynn.
Before the Bit can answer, Flynn's power flows into the Recognizer, and it takes off like a bat out of hell heading for the city.
as the Reco screeches to a screaming stop...  but the head of it, with Flynn and the Bit, breaks loose, and flies through the air, landing in what looks like a garbage dump.
His eyes are shut.
Tron and Yori stop at the foot of Dumont's altar.
The top of the cone is a flat, sliced-off surface.
furious.
from the stern.
Tron picks himself up from the floor where he was thrown when the Sailer took off, and heads for Yori (at the camera.).
Sark flings his disk with a violent jerk of his wrist.
We see Tron throw his own weapon.
Sark deflects it and immediately throws his own disk.
Tron throws.
Tron continues to throw.
Her eyes stay shut for a second, then open.
Flynn gets up off the floor, goes over to the printer, and READS the document.
Soldiers scream and go nuts.
"I Can't Do Nothing For Ya Man" by Public Enemy blasts.
The Officer does not move, Troy punches his head once.
Vig takes out a U.S. Army pen and uses it to unroll the greasy paper and lie it flat on the sand. is a handwritten map, with scant Arabic writing, a few spare roads, numbers, and three small boxes.
The door explodes open and two MPs grab Archie, pants around his ankles, and drag him from the truck.
Vig fires his pistols with fury at a series of stuffed animals on logs -- blowing the stuffed animals to smithereens.
Doc fires the M-16 and blows the ball to pieces.
Doc throws a ball.
Troy shoots the door lock with his pistol.
Archie kicks the door repeatedly.
They point their guns.
An Iraqi soldier fires a grenade-launcher off his shoulder which explodes the container on the back of the truck -- Milk explodes everywhere, gushing around the wheels of the Humvee and the feet of Archie and the others.
Raging oil fires, 50 feet high -- billowing black smoke.
TWO SOLDIERS grab the Woman from the Man With Glasses, and drag her into a circle with three other soldiers; the ten year-old girl with dirty casts on both arms, screams and punches at them.
The Iraqi Captain paces frantically punching and kicking the walls and talking (SUBTITLED in ENGLISH.).
The Iraqi Captain goes nuts, throwing himself on Doc's back, choking Doc, who flails about.
Troy punches the Iraqi in the head and rips him off Doc.
She is grabbed by the hair and pulled away by an Iraqi soldier, but the Man In Glasses punches him and takes the girl.
The Iraqi Major is pissed.
CUT BACK TO the Major pauses, then smashes the barrel of his machine gun, with Archie's hand, against the Humvee.
Blood dribbles out the bottom of his pants leg like piss.
NO SOUND except for the SLOW MOTION SOUND of the BULLET EXPLODING.
THE ONLY SOUND is the IRAQI'S HEARTBEAT, the bullet tearing flesh and crushing bone, and the heartbeat stopping with a VIOLENT SPLASH.
PAN TO -- slightly slow motion: NO SOUND EXCEPT THE BULLET TEARING INTO IRAQI 7'S KNEE, smashing through bone.
SLOW MOTION: tracer bullets slice across the face of Iraqi 5 and Iraqi 2 in the rear, NO SOUND BUT THE BULLETS BREAKING SLOW MOTION: Archie jams his pistol under the Major's chin and FIRES -- the ONLY SOUND IS THE.
Vig pushes the Humvee's accelerator to the floor.
The Shiite Man In Glasses and his Little Girl cling to the Humvee as they sit on top of the Vuitton hat cases with eight other Shiites, including TWO FIVE YEAR OLDS, A BOY AND GIRL.
REAR OF HUMVEE, SLOW MOTION: half the Shiites hunch down, bracing for an explosion while the other half crane their necks, looking straight up into the sky.
The Hummer drives ten yards, hits the first mine with an explosion and flies into the air -- Flying debris smashes the windshield.
Vig punches Doc in the side of the head.
Iraqi soldiers strip Troy's clothes as he stands in front of Oasis Bunker surrounded only by fortress ruins in the desert.
His clothes are thrown on top of him.
The door is slammed.
He frantically pushes stuff on the floor to block the door.
INTERCUT with bunker: FIRE and CONCRETE EXPLODE into one wall of the bathroom.
Another MORTAR SMASHES through the wall, covers Troy in dust.
Doc and Vig look pissed.
silently destroys Troy's suburban house.
Doc slams in a CD-- TRADITIONAL IRAQI FOLK WAILING PLAYS.
Doc parks, blockading the rear door shut, and, with three Shiite riflemen, jumps out.
Wads of plastic explosive are taped to the grill of the car as it speeds towards the bunker, then drifts to the side -- He jumps up and down and points, but the Infiniti goes far to the side of the bunker and guards point their guns at Vig and the Shiite and they run into the desert as bullets pop around them.
Archie lights a fuse sticking out of the plastic explosive, and drops it into the vent.
An Iraqi helicopter comes in fast and opens FIRE with MACHINE GUNS -- Vig runs toward the bunker for cover, but is cut off by MACHINE GUN FIRE from THE CHOPPER.
The chopper FIRES and one of the Shiites running with Vig is hit in the head, thrown by the force of the gunshot into Vig, who goes down, faking it.
Archie goes down the right side, kicks open a door -- It's the bathroom full of stolen stuff and cell phones -- Doc goes down the left side of the room -- kicks in a door -- a room full of Benneton sweaters in all colors.
It FIRES A GRENADE which EXPLODES next to Archie and Troy.
Archie pretends to throw with nothing in his hand.
The ball hits the ground and EXPLODES.
He pulls out the second ball, cuts another fuse, affixes it.
They bolt out the door, Troy and Archie FIRING pistols, Doc in the middle with the ball.
PAN TO - SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- the ball hits the chopper broadside and THE CHOPPER EXPLODES INTO A BALL OF FIRE.
SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- Vig is hit in the collar bone, ONLY THE SOUND OF THE BULLET SMASHING HIS FLESH AND BONE.
Elsa shuts the door.
Back below, the crowd parts for a troll as old as the Earth.
Over the King's words we...  -The Arendelle castle gates shutting.
-Anna rushes to the hall to see Elsa shut the door to her new room.
The sea rages in a storm.
Breaks it.
We cut between Anna's excitement and Elsa's nerves.
Anna steps cautiously through the door--which hits her frozen butt and knocks her into the center of the shop.
Stalemate.
Oaken slams the door.
He considers, lies back down, pulls his hat over his eyes.
Annoyed, Kristoff offers Sven a carrot.
Anna SCREAMS!
Then she grabs a snowball and throws it at Marshmallow.
They hear an angry ROAR coming closer.
Kristoff passes out and hangs like a rag doll.
They both SCREAM!
The awkwardness is killing him.
She shivers.
TROLLS beat.
He pulls off her cape and hat.
A bunch of trolls give each other kisses.
Elsa snaps out of her rage.
Kristoff takes off his hat and puts it on her head.
He goes to the window and shuts the curtains.
Hans leaves and shuts her in, locking the door.
Anna struggles to the door, yanks on the locked handle.
But not yet satisfied, she turns back and punches him right in the face.
At various points, several BUMS warm their hands at trash-can fires.
Suddenly - SMASH! - the doors burst open from the other side.
The teenage boy lies flat on his back semi-conscious, his eyelids fluttering, his breathing shallow.
The SCREAM continues, a howling horrible sound.
floor and pushes through the crowd to follow.
The dialogue prompts a more furious effort on the part of the POV camera.
A beat.
JP lets the useless gun fall from his hand.
Many books are lying on the sofa, the table, and the floor.
It's tense.
What the hell is going on?
The sounds of confused battle are heard OFF; helicopters, gun- fire, distant explosions, screams of the dying and the wounded Leaves and branches SMACK against the frame as the unseen dreamer rushes confusedly through the dense forest.
A low angry BUZZING.
She's upset.
Pinhead: suddenly animate and furious; eyes wide open, face contorted in frustrated rage, black arms clawing at the air.
Terri fights back, screaming her disbelief and struggling and kicking against him.
Terri throws herself back from the monster's grabbing arms.
Pinhead snarls in frustration, hands clenched in fists of rage.
The door BLASTS open explosively from within.
The Elder Cop gut-punches him and Eddie doubles up.
And the audience screams!
Joey throws her hands to her mouth and screams.
Behind him, instead of her kitchen, is the black space of Hell - like the Torture Rooms in HELLRAISER and HELLBOUND, it is full of shadowy pillars and chains.
She reaches it, throws it open ...  and screams.
She throws that one open ...
Miriam shuts off the penlight and looks at Catherine with professional and personal concern.
He opens his mouth in a silent scream.
She shuts the refrigerator door and we linger on an odd POSTCARD taped to the surface.
Valentine cowers in the back of his cage, hating this.
SNARLING!
Ramsey snaps shut the cell-phone.
Her bare feet try to adjust to the tile floor, but it's fucking cold.
BAM!  FOUR MEN KICK in and proceed through the FRONT DOOR!
Novak is past angry.
As Cooperman shows them out, Henry seals shut the door.
Catherine's eye shuts.
Darkness.
Catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, BUT She brutally grabs Catherine, THROWS her against the wall and SMACKS her head against it.
Catherine drops to the floor like a rag doll.
Guilty.
As Stargher is lifted off the pedestal, the doors HISS shut and Valentine curls up on the floor beneath his master.
Catherine's eyes shut.
The electronic HUM becomes RHYTHMIC, AMBIENT NOISE.. INSIDE THE BOX, staying calm, she searches for and finds a TRAP DOOR on the floor.
Dozens of other such domes are visible in the murky hell-hole, but Catherine has no choice.
The dish slips from her fingers and SHATTERS on the floor.
With a finger to his lips, he pockets the locket and shuts the door.
She POUNDS.
The woman cowers, familiar with his violent moods.
She gives him a supportive touch on the shoulder, exits and shuts the door.
Novak catches only a fleeting glimpse of the monster before Stargher King GRABS him by the throat and SMASHES his head against a pedestal.
Novak shuts his eyes and silently tells himself, Not real.
Stargher King grabs his throat and traces the blade down the center of Novak's torso.
NOVAK SCREAMS!
This fucking hurts!
His throat wounded, bloody mess, he descends out of dark nothingness, HOWLING with rage.
Angry and stunned, she demands of Catherine.
Novak pulls his ID BADGE and smacks it against the glass.
Malcolm stabs the pitchfork into the ground in useless anger; John still grips the axe as he follows his father through the hanging bodies of the noblemen to the back row, to see the one man in commoner's dress, like theirs...
Longshanks' eyes expand in fury; it is frightening to see.
He looks up at his wife, as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and heaves!
Playfully he pokes his finger under the collar of her dress, pulling up the strip of checked cloth he gave her at their wedding, which she now wears hidden around her neck.
He slaps the horse's rump and it plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes.
The Magistrate is a battlescarred veteran, a brutal pragmatist angry with his CORPORAL.
Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falters.
Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
Longshanks slaps his son, knocking him down among the colored balls and wickets.
English LORD DOLECROFT is in command, wearing a hat with a pompous white plume.
Joy explodes on his face, and he runs to her, but stops before he touches her, as if she might evaporate.
They burst into the little clearing; the dogs find a body, stabbed, his throat cut; the dogs plunge their snouts into the gore, yipping wildly.
Their lances are useless and it's too late to stop!
Meanwhile, on the other side of the bridge, Wallace and his charging men slam into the English infantry with wild fury.
With rising desire to join the bandwagon, the nobles spur...  DOWN ON THE PLAIN, Wallace and the attacking men drive the English back, killing as they go.
He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack, parrying, letting his arms be cut.
Then Longshanks unleashes his own hateful fury; he grapples with Edward, knocking the dagger away and hurling him to the floor; then Longshanks kicks his son, again and again.
He exhausts his fury on him.
Wallace and the princess are left alone.
As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into the muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it.
sits up gawking as the door explodes inward and Wallace rides through!
But hatred still glows in his eyes.
The angry, defeated magistrate gives a signal.
The heavy door clangs shut behind him.
It's a DOGFIGHT!
The TECHNICIAN slips the blood sample through a slot in the wall.
He's in a box here.
Then, to the TV, where a CARTOON COMMERCIAL makes raucous noises.
The MOTHER slams down the phone.
Nuts?
He's upset.
A beat.
And SCREAMS.
He shuts the door behind him, leaving her alone.
RAILLY hurries to the door to lock it as BEN says to FALE, The three ACTIVISTS are tied tightly together in the middle of the floor in this dimly-lit, windowless basement.
MALCOLM MASON, being escorted by a phalanx of riot cops through a mob of raging activists.
COLE holds up a clipping showing horrified SENATORS standing on their desks as RATTLESNAKES slither along the Senate Floor.
Then, the trunk swings open and COLE stands in the moonlight, looking down RAILLY is in the trunk, tears of rage and frustration in her eyes.
He slips, falls, and she starts kicking him as she rants hysterically.
PETERS, the red- haired man who insisted to Dr. Railly you didn't have to be insane to think the world was coming to an end.
From littered doorways, DERELICTS sneak peeks at RAILLY as she, seemingly mad, shakes the doorknob, then hammers on the door.
Is he crazy?
COLE sits on the lumpy bed in the dingy room, watching RAILLY pace back and forth like a mad woman.
POLICE OFFICERS, led by the PLAINCLOTHES COP, make a cautious entrance onto the 4th floor, guns drawn.
HIS POV:  the open window... the blood on the floor.
The GARBAGE BAG squirms and grunts as JEFFREY holds a map under a flashlight and goes over "the plan" with the other ACTIVISTS.
CLOSE ON A GORILLA, by moonlight, angry, a true nightmare vision.
Upset.
CLOSE ON COLE, dozing fitfully, as the SOUNDS of SCREAMING BIRDS continue.
Frustrated, JOSE conceals the gun but keeps a grip on COLE'S arm.
COLE accepts the gun this time, resigned now.
ANGLE ON RAILLY, raging as the SECOND SECURITY OFFICER jabs her with his finger.
The SECURITY OFFICER is retrieving a pair of jockey shorts from the floor beside the search table.
The FIRST SECURITY OFFICER tries to stop COLE, but COLE knocks him aside like a rag doll.
We see CLINT BARTON, dressed in black tactical gear, is up on the railings watching them below, Fury calls Barton on his earpiece.
Walks up to Fury.
Loki looks at his spear then suddenly points it at where Fury and Barton are standing and SHOOTS OUT A BLUE EXPLODING LIGHT TOWARDS THEM.
BARTON TACKLES Fury and they both barely miss Loki's fired shot.
Fury is sitting up, pulling out the bullet, breathing heavily.
Suddenly, Hill turns to SHOOT AT BARTON, but Barton is already POINTING HIS GUN at her and starts SHOOTING, he moves the driver's seat of the truck and DRIVES OFF as Hill keeps shooting.
Fury is holding his side, running.
The energy is really brewing a fucking shit storm from the vacuum chamber ceiling.
A drive-by shooting ensues.
Fury races out of the hallway, avoiding falling pipes.
They run out of there like a bat from hell.
Agent Hill figures `fuck it' and SHOOTS her windshield OPENING FIRE on Barton.
But Fury's chopper BARELY makes it out.
From the chopper's door, it slides open and Fury stands there, holding a gun, SHOOTING at Barton's, giving an honoring image of Loki looks at Fury and in a fit of RAGE, points his scepter SHOOTS OUT THE BLUE LIGHT.
Fury, like the boss he is, JUMPS OUT and touches down onto the desert floor.
Fury, coming back to his senses, FIRES at Loki, but they're toofar and too late.
Fury stands there, MIND REELING.
A beat.
Fury stands there.
LUCHKOV takes the phone, pissed.
HOLY SHIT.
LUCHKOV places the cell phone against Natasha's ear seeing how she's tied to a chair with her hands tied behind her back.
A beat.
Giving her momentum, she runs at him DROP KICKING him, FALLS DOWN and FLIPS right back up and WRAPS HER LEGS AROUND HIS NECK She grabs LUCHKOV, wraps his leg around with a hanging chain and drops him down the open floor, dangling.
The THUNDEROUS TONE in is voice makes Natasha QUICKLY grab her gun and point it at him, but something is now OFF in the atmosphere.
Somewhere in an old, almost WWII-esque boxing gym, STEVE ROGERS, a man out of time, THE FIRST AVENGER, FUCKIN' CAPTAIN AMERICA is PUMMELING a punching bag.
Steve's rage keeps building as he punches the bag.
Steve opens his eyes and fuckin' tears the bag as the last memory kicks in.
He hooks the bag up and starts punching again.
Fury walks in.
The Hulk roars with fury as he slams a jeep apart.
Without realizing, Banner doesn't notice them walking as he isnervous as hell.
Turns to NICK FURY, who is at the command chair.
Nick Fury turns to Agent Coulson to explain, while Natasha Romanoff eyes an image of Clint Barton on a computer screen.
As the words resonate to the kneeling crowd, an ELDER GERMAN MAN refuses to kneel and stands, heroic.
A machine gun is pointed towards Loki.
THUNDER.
What the fuck?
He looks down at his brother, who he thought to be dead and is angry to see him alive in this fashion.
Although Thor is pissed for what he has done, a family is everything to a man or god.
Right back at you, bitch!
THOR brings that hammer down onto the shield and a MASSIVE IMPLOSION OF LIGHT reacts to the vibranium shield creating a MASSIVE IRON MAN stands up, looking around like `holy shit.' Lying right next to him is Cap, who never takes his eye off Thor.
Fury presses a button which OPENS UP a HATCH underneath Loki's cell.
Without seeing, the sounds of GUSTING WIND would make man shit his pants.
Fury closes the hatch.
Fury walks off leaving Loki in his glass cell.
Steve walks in on them, pissed at Tony.
I'd say I've expanded his mind.
Fury oversees.
Angry, he looks behind him and looks back into the crate.
Suddenly, Steve drops a HYDRA ASSAULT RIFLE on the table causing Fury, Banner and Tony to turn around.
Cap looks pissed.
Are you more crack...  above or below angry bees?
Threatening!
Back in the lab, the egos of these people keeping rubbing off each other and at any moment, the shit will hit the fan.
BLACK WIDOW and Fury have their hands down to grab their guns.
Steve, Fury, Thor and Tony are thrown across while Natasha and Banner is down in the lower equipment room.
For a man who grew up as a YANK, what the fuck is this!
The HULK SMASHES THE SHIT OUT OF IT.
He SHAKES it off and ANGRILY rips off the TAIL of the jet, TORQUES HIS BODY LIKE A GREEK DISCUS THROWER AND...  HURLS Thor SLIDES and DUCKS under the tail.
To no avail -- he strains with all his might, SCREAMS from the effort, BELLOWING.
Thor grabs his hammer, jumps on him, using the hammer as a lock for his CHOKEHOLD.
Fury FIRES a shot at the open entrance.
Watchful, ready, waiting...  Fury steps out, his GUN drawn.
A SHOOT OUT and HAND-TO-HAND ensues, but Fury is unable to stop one of them, which is why he is shot in the head by Agent Hill, who looks hot and sexy holding her gun.
HULK grabs him by the neck.
Evidently not as they begin SHOOTING at him and throwing grenades.
CAPTAIN AMERICA grabs a NOVESKE RIFLEWORKS DIPLOMAT (big word for big fuckin' gun.) and jumps back up to his position, firing down at them.
The gunfight has gone down, but more of Barton's men enter and are taken by Fury, who is confused as to why they keep coming.
Barton releases a multi-tipped arrow towards Fury, but instead hits his command desk, right above a USB Fury FIRES at Barton, but is already gone.
Thor, in a fit of anger, SLAMS MJOLNIR onto the glass cell.
He is now fucked.
Nick Fury looks on grimly at Coulson.
Fury throws Coulson's CAPTAIN AMERICA TRADING CARDS on the table towards Steve.
A LOUD NOISE SCREECHES.
In anger, Loki GRABS Tony by the throat and FLINGS him across the room.
Loki looks up, angry.
The CHITAURI unleashes BLASTS as it goes, blowing up cars, setting storefronts aflame.
The two battle -- Loki unleashing another pent-up rage and jealousy, Thor having no choice but to defend himself.
A DEEP, PRIMAL RAGE BELLOWS OUT.
From the portal, a FUCKING CHITAURI LEVIATHAN FLIES OUT! Carrying hundreds of SOLDIERS, the CHITAURI LEVIATHAN PASSES OVER the TRIO.
Then...  Loki stabs Thor with a small knife.
THE FIRST AVENGER RUNS LIKE A FUCKING CHEETAH.
They look up at this ridiculous looking man.
Way out of their fucking element.
THROWING THE DEAD CHITAURI SOLDIERS TOWARDS OTHER SOLDIERS.
A BLINDING BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the destruction going on in NEW YORK.
OH SHIT.
Fury presses his screen.
She TIRESOMELY takes it down by cutting its throat.
DEAD.
HULK PUNCHES THOR SELVIG WAKES UP FROM LOKI MIND CONTROL.
It CAPTAIN AMERICA jumps through the window and throws his SHIELD at the CHITAURI BOMBER.
CAPTAIN AMERICA flips over the SOLDIER, grabs his SHIELD and just as the BOMB is about to GO OFF, CHITAURI BOMBER dives for, trying to stop it, but it GOES OFF, sending CAPTAIN AMERICA through the window, landing very hard on a car.
Destroyed.
Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the WORLD Fury shuts off his viewscreen.
As Loki looks up, shocked at what just happened, THE HULK IS LEAPING UP AND KICKS LOKI, HURTLING TOWARDS THE GLASS WINDOW.
THOR rides on top of chariot, SMACKING SEVERAL RIDERS with the hammer.
Cap and Thor both throw their respected weapons.
Then...  THE HULK YELLS IN FURY.
THE NOISE STARTLES A beat.
Loki crawls onto the stair, looking like a piece of shit rag doll.
He turns TO FIND THE AVENGERS STARING AT HIM, PISSED.
Fury walks out, towards the bridge.
snaps up and the nose explodes, blood erupting.
And Trinity is moving again -- Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop A head explodes.
The cop begins to scream when a jump kick crushes his windpipe, killing the scream as he falls to the ground.
Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates.
An EL TRAIN RAGES against its metal rails.
She seals his eyes shut with the tape.
In the circular window of the glasses, EXPLOSIONS light up a bloody battle field.
They break up.
Switch and Apoc stop at the doors.
They weave their way to the back of the bar, the STICKY FLOOR SNAPPING under their FEET.
It BREAKS against the linoleum floor.
The phone flips shut as he jumps up.
Those words stop the others dead in their tracks.
The door to the roof explodes open as heavily-armed rnen rush towards room 1313.
Morpheus stops as the scream is drowned by the REPORT of MACHINE GUNS filling the building with a terrible fury.
Gun smoke thickens the room, Cable blasting and moving until -- The HAMMER CLICKS empty.
He screams as a DOZEN GUNS OPEN FIRE, ripping him apart.
Cops flood the eighth floor, rushing everywhere.
He can hear WHISPERS, HISSES and a GRUNT when -- The WALL suddenly bulges, SHATTER-CRACKING as the Cop realizes -- Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE -- BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box of soot-black space.
They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful of her hair.
Their enemies are waiting for them.
Smith and Morpheus exchange a furious serious of blows that is witnessed but not believed by the surrounding police.
Agent Smith delivers a punishing kick that staggers Morpheus.
The DOOR CLANGS shut.
She hangs up.
He stabs the enter command activating the exit sequence and ducks under a BARRAGE of PLASMA FIRE- The PHONE begins to RING as the others crawl in.
Dozer charges, screaming, and the PLASMA RIFLE SCREAMS back.
He stands over the body of Morpheus, as his anger boils up out of him.
He grabs hold of the cable in Apoc's neck, twists it and yanks it out.
He takes hold of the cord when -- She hears an EXPLOSION and a scream.
Tank punches several commands on Morpheus' personal unit.
Rage overtakes her and she starts kicking hin.
He snap cocks an Uzi.
He is becoming angry.
Agent Smith smashes a table.
Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with thought-speed.
The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo twists, bends, ducks just between them.
The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons.
Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach himself but -- The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof like a setting sun -- The coils of slack snap taught -- Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand, grabbing for the rope with the other -- Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us, when his feet hit the rain gutter -- A fulcrum that levers him up just as -- Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER, falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a glass skyscraper.
Agent Smith stares, his face twisted with hate.
The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS, SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.
Agent Smith's face warps with rage and he attacks, fist flying at furious speed, blows and counters, Neo retreating as -- A knife-hand opens his forearm, and a kick sends him slamming back against a steel column.
They fall as the sound and fury of the TRAIN EXPLODES INTO the station.
Neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the escalator -- As the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last car open; Agent Smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his glasses again intact.
A man sits in his Mercedes, talking on his car phone when his door is thrown open.
Neo drops the phone as his car bucks into the opposing lane -- Directly into the charging path of an enormous truck driven by Agent Smith.
The agents chase him, FIRING, BULLETS SPARKING and RICOCHETING even as Neo jumps for the third-floor platform.
305...   304... Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to find -- Agent Sniith, waiting, .45
cocked.
Neo can't move -- can't think -- Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life monitors snap flat-line.
Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.
A sentinel BLOWS a hole in Morpheus' right arm and he screams, refusing to let go of the detonator.
Frustrated, Betty delivers several plates and drops them at tables where the people know her by name.
It's loud.
He motions for her to join him but she remains where she is, fuming.
They pantomime frantically back and forth until Joyce throws him the finger and SLAMS out the door.
She sees her speed and punches the accelerator ...  80 m.
Annoyed, Charlie stuffs the socks back in Del's mouth.
She hangs up.
It's still more intense at the entrance: VOICES talking back and forth urgently, POLICE OFFICERS, CIVILIANS, DOCTORS AND NURSES converging.
SECURITY GUARDS draw their guns and scream at him to drop it.
The loading area immediately fills with DOCTORS, NURSES and COPS.
Charlie turns his back to the car and addresses the angry clouds on the horizon.
He mutters to himself.
Wesley explodes.
Rosa stands over Betty, fuming.
Rosa SCREAMS and smacks her hand on the glass as Betty watches.
fuming in her humiliation.
Joyce begins to sob at the side of the trailer as Roy shimmies through the window frame.
Suddenly, Ballard is there, weapon cocked and placed roughly into Roy's privates.
He puts the pistol in his mouth and cocks it.
Charlie reacts at this, throwing his razor into the sink and turning on Wesley.
He turns and slams into the door frame.
When the front door BANGS SHUT allows himself to go back to his shaving.
George McCord, wearing sunglasses and still angry, strides into the lobby.
Wesley is furious.
He breaks it over his knee and throws it in the gutter, then quickly removes the wing nut holding the spare tire.
A KNOCK at the door ruins Charlie's moment.
Charlie slams the door and frisks them, taking a gun and handcuffs from Ballard.
Wesley grabs his shirtfront and slams him to the floor, then with a foot on his neck, he loops Ballard's arms around one leg of the steel aquarium stand and handcuffs him.
Wesley immediately pulls his gun and points it at Roy's head.
Ballard has fucked up again.
Rosa throws herself onto Wesley's back, knocking him to the floor.
Wesley stares in disbelief at the blood rushing out of him.
He slumps to the floor and opens his mouth to scream ...  Charlie opens the bedroom door.
top.location.href=location.href
Several of the seamen have formed a group and are pissing on the sand.
ADA nods and looks up coldly, insulted by his slow loud speaking.
ADA turns to BAINES, her face angry and defiant, her eyes full of tears.
As he gets out of the river HIRA slaps him.
ADA leads her to the door signing to her FLORA is shut out.
ADA pulls the skirt up fractionally so the top other boots are exposed.
He shuts the piano lid forcing ADA to remove her hand.
BLUEBEARD pulls out a cut-out axe and moves towards her.
(Angry to the NEGOTIATOR.)
ADA's mouth falls open, but then she too kicks it and they begin to dribble the mud caked cabbage towards the hut, all the time signing playful insults.
Baines can't play a damn thing.
Birds fly in mad wind-battered courses, swooped up then strangely drawn down.
Two of them give chase while the others insist on tobacco.
(exasperated.)
She stops and begins again.
FLORA walks back through the bush muttering childish expletives to herself.
FLORA pauses petulant and grumpy.
He blinks rapidly BAINES walks roughly towards the door and opens it, his softness turned suddenly cruel.
Gently she pulls his under- garment down, exposing his buttocks.
Squeezing the key in his fist, STEWART staggers off in a daze, He returns, picks up his open pack spilling the nails.
BAINES and HIRA make their way past the Meeting House and the low sleeping houses to the Pa entrance where his horse waits, A crowd of children run beside them, dogs scurry off and pigs are kicked out of the way, their owners protesting loudly.
Jab, smash, jab, smash Jab, smash, jab, smash The Taniwha, the Taniwba.
By tomorrow I'll be shitting buttons.)
He grabs a glass of Mimosa champagne punch from a passing tray, sips... scowls.
Damn, it works.
Karl comes over, gives his an elder brother's punch on the arm, points out what to do.
The men cock their weapons and brace themselves as the car stops and the elevator doors open.
Frustrated, he watches this, knits his brow.
McClane pauses outside the stairwell door to the 33rd floor, he presses the handle and cracks the door open TO REVEAL a computer floor.
McClane starts to open the stairwell door to the Machine Floor when a NOISE above him gets his attention.
Hans gives them both a look like an annoyed schoolmaster, turns back to Takagi.
He cocks the gun: BANG!!
McClane moves out onto the 31st floor, angry at himself.
McClane watches in disbelief.
As the SOUND OF THE MACHINE GUN FADES he listens and hears another SOUND -- a NOISE coming from the other end of the room near the cubicles.
McClane cocks his Beretta.
Tony fires his machine gun, but McClane kicks him into the desk.
After it's dropped only half a floor, McClane forces the doors open with his fingers -- stopping the car between floors.
Ginny winces, uncomfortable on the floor.
The car speeds up the shaft -- passing the car bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at the machine floor.
He FLINGS a LAMP against a wall, PUNCHES a hole into the plaster.
Tracer bullets rip into the wall behind him.
The big man fires a burst and McClane ducks back stopping at the exterior door to the pump room he used before.
He BLOWS the lock off with a burst from his machine gun and slips into the darkness of the: Coming quickly out of the pump room, McClane picks his way over the same ground as a few minutes before and opens the door to the elevator shaft.
He's OVERHEARD enough of this to realize he's in deep shit.
McClane points his gun downward and waits.
McClane punches out a ceiling vent and drops down into the machine room.
The bullets rip into the table top and the chair, and McClane goes down behind the table.
McClane FIRES TWICE and Heinrich DROPS sprawling in the hallway, machine gun FIRING BLINDLY until he hits the floor.
Shouts -- Now, hearing MACHINE GUN FIRE, Thornburg hangs up the second phone.
Also hating himself, McClane does the same thing.
Mitchell and Robinson watch from behind the cover of a police car as the SWAT officers remove a portable welding torch and begin cutting their way through the locks.
A blast ROARS from the third floor window and the shell hits the armored car.
On the police radio channel we HEAR the screams of men inside.
James hands the shell to Alexander, who expertly loads it into the anti-tank gun.
The explosion, like a firestorm, rips across the floor: The police take cover behind their cars.
McClane is so furious, he's out of breath.
We realize we're on THE HOSTAGE FLOOR, and Hans has just turned on the set out here for his "guests".
As the bullshit continues, Ellis suddenly STANDS, head towards the terrorist "office".
As Fritz shrugs: Karl looks at Ellis and then at Hans, as if to say, let me plug this asshole right now.
He throws open the door to let McClane and the police hear the screams of the hostages.
It's asses and elbows time.
Theo and Kristoff have been rewarded with another LOCK The graphic on his screen flashes:  "WARNING:  ELECTRO-       * As he talks, he essentially PATROLS the floor he's staked out, constantly looking into every dark corner, gun held ready, moving toward the stairwell.
Fritz drags Ellis' body out of the office and throws it on the floor.
Robinson wants Powell to shut up.
McClane FIRES back, killing Fritz.
McClane curses himself, then RETREATS into a: Where he DUCKS and DODGES as bullets ping and ricochet all around him.
Ducking, rolling, he FIRES at: McClane's bullets RAKE his middle, throw him over a desk, his weapon FLYING: He SLIDES right into a glass door.
Karl looks pissed as hell.
He moves towards the door, limping hurriedly out of the room.
Explosives are everywhere.
Karl's weapon clatters on the floor.
He SLAPS her.
As the hostages SQUEAL and SCREAM, McClane snatches up Uli's machine gun, runs out onto the roof.
The helipad EXPLODES!
Wincing as more FLAMING DEBRIS sizzles by, McClane levels the machine gun, KICKS off from the building, SWINGS back ten feet -- reaches the zenith of his arc -- FIRES the gun and sails back in: McClane SMASHES through the shattered glass, SAILS inside, rolls onto the floor, PLOWING through furniture and decor.
McClane is YANKED off his feet, dragged towards the window!
recovers from another AFTERSHOCK, runs up the steps -- is momentarily amazed to HEAR a "ding" from the elevator -- he looks at: where suddenly the WALL EXPLODES OUTWARD as an ENTIRE ELEVATOR CRASHES THROUGH THE WALL, swinging on its cable like a demolition ball on a crane!
The bullet passes right THROUGH Hans, and the WINDOW behind him SPLATTERS with blood and SHATTERS.
Without a beat, Holly PUNCHES HIM in the chops.
Three men are seated around the table; CHARLIE DONOVAN. the manager, PHIL BUTLER, public relations head, JERRY SIMMONS, operations director and LYLE MATTHEWS director of player personnel Donovan taps his pencil impatiently, obviously waiting for somebody.
Dorn is pissed.
He turns to Pepper with a look that says, "Can you believe this shit?"
waiting for a throw at the plate.
The Cabbie pulls to a stop and points to the other side of the street.
The smoke rising from Cerrano's gunpowder explosion sets off the automatic sprinklers in the ceiling.
Hayes takes his lead-off and crouches, ready to steal.
He's plenty upset with himself.
Vaughn comes down to protest, but Pepper quickly grabs him and hurries him off the field.
Lynn is irritated by Janice's directness.
Vaughn stomps around on the mound, obviously upset.
Rexman, slightly irritated, backs out of the box.
We hold on the skirt, nailed to the floor by the cleats.
Finally he bends over and grabs his ankles, while one of his teammates humps up against him, pretending to bugger him.
He jumps up and punches the air with his fist.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Cerrano swings and knocks the crap out of it.
Meanwhile, the CROWD has gone nuts at the sight of Vaughn.
Vaughn goes into his windup and unleashes a screaming bullet toward the plate.
The stadium explodes with BOOS, but as soon as Taylor picks himself up, the crowd begins to ROAR again.
A beat; he stares at her, expressionless.
A beat.
He lies back down.
He GUNS his car after her.
He has punched in He is waiting for a response.
He looks at her, expressionless.
The glass EXPLODES behind them -- a chair comes into the room.
He goes to the TV, shuts it off.
The floor is huge.
She goes towards the men's room.
A hot 19.
She is melting into him now, kissing him...  Tex watches, expressionless... the black guy is gone...  he holds her by the back of the neck, kissing her... their bodies pressed into each other...  his hands are on her butt now, pulling her into him now, almost holding her up now... and then under her skirt, under her panties...  as he kisses her neck.
Right there on the floor.
As Tex watches expressionless.
Atop her...  he kisses her neck... his hands under her, raising her...  he moves down, kisses her breasts... puts his mouth around  a breast...  she arches, moves... he kisses her shoulder...  biting into it... she opens her mouth...  we hear no cry... we hear the Stones.
Roxy watches him, expressionless, from an upstairs window of the house.
The Ferrari SCREAMS head-on for him.
She is very angry.
Nick enters and shuts door.
She gives him a look, but punches it in again.
The elevator rises a floor, stops.
It rises to the third floor.
The icepick goes into his neck.
It explodes open.
She moves a hand in a pocket and moves towards him fast -- And he FIRES the gun.
Andrews yells to them from the stairway door.
He looks at her, expressionless.
punches in the course.
The only sound, the PROXIMITY WARNING.
Cooper backs out, allowing the inner airlock door to shut, ECHOING through the ship.
The universal symbol for explosives is on the cover.
The door BLOWS APART as THE WAVE HITS, ripples through the Medical Bay towards Miller... Debris swirls around him...  the wave sweeps him up... SLAMS him into a bulkhead...  the briefest suggestion of a SCREAMING FACE, obscured by STATIC and ROLL before the screen CUTS to static entirely.
His legs are withered, useless things.
Beat.
Cooper throws the ball at him, hard.
The PULSE of the ship is loud here, a deep THRUM that steals their breath.
The scalpel drops to the floor at her feet.
The Inner Airlock door control flashes: "LOCKED."
She crosses to him.
Blood fills the X-ray lightboxes, it surges up from gutters in the floor...
She SLAMS the pressure door shut behind her, CUTTING OFF the sound.
Peters SCREAMS at the door.
He turns on her, his face furious...  ...and the POUNDING stops.
The pressure door shuts with a HISS.
Hits it.
DJ puts a tube in the Justin's mouth immediately, feeding him oxygen.
He GASPS, then SCREAMS, spraying blood from his mouth.
She bites through his neck.
Adversaries...
Rifles through it.
His gauge immediately goes to "Yellow - Reserve." Cooper points the full tank away from the Event Horizon and The blast of pressurized air pushes him towards the ship, leaving the wreckage of the Lewis and Clark behind.
Weir takes a step towards the window, raises the gun to fire again.
Before Weir can fire, the window EXPLODES outward.
Miller pulls himself through the door as it begins to shut.
The door continues to shut.
And she will be dead.
Miller YELLS and rips a compressor from its mount, wedges it in the door to keep it open.
Beat.
The door slides shut with a dull THUNK.
THUMP.
THUMP.
The glass BURSTS in an EXPLOSION OF BLOOD...
The Burning Man YELLS and raises his arm in accusation...  ...and FIRE RACES OUT FROM BEHIND HIM, flowing over the walls, the ceiling, the floor, racing for Miller like a rising tide...  Miller runs.
The fire is faster, flooding in behind him.
It's still open by a fraction when the fire hits it...  ...SENDING A LANCE OF FLAME stabbing out towards Miller.
The coolant STEAMS and SIZZLES at his feet.
SMASHES Miller to the floor with a single blow.
The EXPLOSION knocks Starck and Cooper down.
The doctor pulls the door shut behind him.
After thinking for a moment, she tries a couple of ways of whistling as loud as she can, but frustrated and feeling foolish, she soon gives up.
The houseboy stops before a door at the top of the staircase and raps lightly on it with his knuckles.
The door swings shut behind him, plunging the room back into darkness.
He gives a look as if to say, "Jesus, what a fuckin' weirdo".
They glare at each other.
The longer Duncan sits there without moving, without saying anything, the angrier Bill gets.
He grabs Duncan and, half dragging, hurries him out the back door and throws him into the alley where Duncan falls in a heap.
Clifford stops him.
Duncan stops.
Clifford knocks on the door.
He stops at Cheater's table and shakes him hard.
Cheater sits up and starts to pull himself together.
The maintenance man turns and sees Cheater stretched out again on the table.
He pulls Cheater off the table and pushes him to the door.
He straightens his rags indignantly, then looks at Duncan and grins.
She swears under her breath and angrily slams the closet door shut.
The bottle comes back to Cheater, three-quarters down.
He grabs the doorknob and heaves himself against the door.
It's bolted shut.
O.S. we hear the angry sizzle of coffee spilling onto the hot stove, as Tracy goes to get it.
The bolt slips and the door is securely shut.
Duncan turns to see Cheater elatedly hobbling up to him.
Duncan enters the mission and Cheater stands out on the sidewalk for a moment, bitterly frustrated.
Clifford turns, sees Cheater.
He has no choice but to climb them, higher and higher, the sound of Clifford's angry footsteps always coming up behind him.
CLOSE UP on a section of a newspaper lying in the gutter.
Over this action...
Jill screams and falls to the floor.
Jill quietly pulls the door shut, and Policeman #2 walks back up the hallway.
At one table, three OFFICERS are playing bridge.
He pulls a card from his hand and throws it down.
Garber hastily picks up his card and throws down another.
Garber throws down another card.
Garber throws down his cards.
Jill unscrews the burned-out bulb from its socket and throws it in the trash.
On the narrow strip of floor between the bed and the wall lies John.
top.location.href=location.href
The MEN doff their hats and mop their brows.
In the audience, one man YELLS "Lock up the commie bastards!," and a few others cheer and laugh.
Peter stands, stubs out his smoke, drops a few crumpled bills on the bar and grabs his hat.
Pete's preoccupied with putting on his hat and getting his car keys out of his coat pocket, a daunting task in his condition.
Pete is asleep in the driver's seat, head tilted back, his hat covering his face, snoring.
Pete drives along the moonlit two-lane blacktop.
He takes off his hat and jams it down in the back seat.
The sheriff stops.
Luke is about to swing shut the heavy door, when he looks down and sees shoot into the lobby, stopping in the middle of the floor.
Luke moves to the door and knocks.
There's an insistent KNOCK at the door.
Clyde's SECRETARY knocks on the door, sticks her head in.
They stop, shuck off their hats.
Mrs. Terwilliger stops playing, annoyed.
Disillusionment.
Betrayal.
Rory moves to the door, and is about to put his key in the lock, when Lottie starts whining, looking toward the fog bank and sniffing the air expectantly.
Lottie's barking gets LOUDER and angrier.
Suddenly, a large black car punches out of the fog bank and tears down the road.
There's a knock at the door.
At the door, a pair of PHOTOGRAPHERS and a NEWSREEL CAMERAMAN are jockeying for position.
Pete takes off his hat and nervously scratches his head.
Leo shuts the door and calls after him, waving Pete's hat.
Pete comes back and takes his hat.
She seems to be driving with that excess care of one who does not wish to be stopped for a minor traffic irregularity.
With a self-angry sigh of resignment, she goes to a close car, looks at it.
Impatience and anger rise in Mary.
He stops short, looks at her, then at the umbrella hanging useless in his hand, then back to her.
In a moment there is the SOUND of the house's front door slamming shut.
Then he goes to the car trunk, raises it with his foot, throws the suitcase and the pail into it, slams it shut.
Norman jumps away, slams the door shut, stands tense.
The door to his mother's room is closed.
Arbogast gradually eases the door closed, stands against it, waiting.
Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, call him "liar."
She turns, frustrated, anxious.
The door on her right, which opens into the mother's room, is closed.
Norman's face is no longer expressionless.
And Lila's scream is joined by another scream, a more dreadful, horrifying scream which comes from the door behind her.
She is dumb-struck.
The wild fury in Norman's face, the mad noise of his screams and vile curses.
Over the shot, the SOUNDS of the struggle, the screams of Norman.
Wrong again.
He's distracted.
stands sullenly as his Father rages at him.
Zim knocks him flat.
throws a knife, buries the point in a narrow post.
Zim throws, sticks his hand to the post.
blasts past a DESTROYER orbiting in dock, zips between CORVETTES and other slower fleet traffic in the crowded space lanes of Luna.
Johnny shuts the handcam off.
Deladier arrives on the bridge, now crowded as other FLIGHT OFFICERS rush to their stations.
Johnny's mother makes a face to shut him up.
She lloks graet in uniform with the hat and the lieutenant's bars on her shoulders.
Zander takes off his hat.
Johnny punches him right in the nose.
Carmen looks at Johnny, the hate in his eye, the blood on his fist.
The insect screams.
they're hit.
THOUSANDS OF BUGS boil out of the ground to defend against the invader.
He fights, screaming.
Bug parts fly as insects swarm in for the kill.
Bugs scream as they twist and kick in the wall of flame.
boil out of the ground.
The big bug explodes.
The plasma bug explodes in its cauldron.
A blast of bug plasma streaks past them towards the heavens.
It's his former student Carl Jenkins, now a Colonel, weary and pissed off.
Rasczak slams the door shut on them.
Rasczak fires, killing Gillespie.
Roughnecks engage in the sport of methodically killing the workers.
Rasczak stops screaming.
Blood sprays from a deep gash in her neck.
The rear section explodes, the forward section begins to burn towards the bridge.
Carmen fires a burst and kills it.
The Roughnecks open fire at the charging bug horde.
Johnny starts for the gaping mouth of an exposed bug tunnel and the others fall in behind him.
The moaning turns to SCREAMING.
A thorn-like PALP unfolds out of the brain bug and strikes, driving deep into Deladier's head and sucks her brains out.
The fight is furious, point blank, deadly to bug and Roughneck alike.
A subterrenean nuclear explosion blows a column of earth and stone into the air.
Agent Janus SCREAMS.
Kay pulls the car to a stop.
This pisses Edwards off.
Kay looks at Jeebs, pissed off.
Hot.
The elevator doors slide shut.
In the middle of the tile floor, there is an unused table.
THE ORKIN MAN'S CAR KEYS drop to the garage floor, and Edgar picks them up.
Inside the elevator, the doors WHOOSH shut, KAY turns a key in a certain floor number, and the descent begins.
AT A STORAGE CAGE, Kay turns a key in the lock of a caged-in area and throws the door open.
Above it, on the shelf, a BLACK HAT and a pair of BLACK SUNGLASSES.
The hat comes off the shelf.
He's getting annoyed.
They get in and slam the doors.
Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS again.
He falls, flat on his back in the dirt, the multi-tentacled lizardlike baby resting squarely on his chest.
Carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly places the cat on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to his distinctive shop.
Immediately, ROSENBERG'S CAT jumps on top of it.
The Woman SCREAMS.
There are SHOUTS of outrage, a few MEN rise out of their seats.
The doors of the wagon SLAM shut.
The words split in half as the stretcher BANGS through the doors.
He BELLOWS in rage and hurls the box against the side of the van, where it finally CRACKS a hinge.
Kay pulls out another weapon, the TINIEST GUN WE'VE EVER SEEN.
They stop at the smashed door of the jewelry shop and exchange a glance.
Before Edgar can shoot, Jay YELLS...
It's as if Laurel is sucked into another universe.
LAUREL SLAMS into a wall on one side of the morgue, thrown there by EDGAR.
He leans in, close, furious.
From inside the morgue, Laurel SCREAMS.
Edgar just cranks the car into gear -- opening his mouth and swallowing the icon -- and in so doing revealing a TRIPLE ROW OF SERRATED BUG-TEETH, he SLAMS HIS FOOT on the gas pedal.
Kay's car hurtles toward certain death in the traffic jam, but at the last possible moment it swerves off to the side, a SUCKING SOUND coming from underneath it.
The Bug straightens up to its full height and throws his head back.
Kay slides down the Bug's throat, bending it sideways as he kicks and SCREAMS his way down into its abdomen.
In frustration, Jay screams and throws himself on the Bug, hanging onto its back, trying to drag it down.
CRUNCH.
ON THE BUG as he flinches on the ladder -- he hates that sound.
CRUNCH!
CRUNCH.
Jay is pissed and starts in on Kay.
As they argue, behind them, unseen, THE FRONT HALF OF THE BUG RAISES ITSELF UP on its forearms, eyes gleaming with hate, jaws dripping -- ready to lower itself onto Kay and Jay.
She exposes her taut midriff.
He nods toward JULIE, who's at the open bar grabbing two glasses of punch.
STU SCREAMS.
The BOY begins to SOB softly.
Behind her, the TELEPHONE POLE that the car slammed into is beginning to TEETER.
STU SCREAMS, shakes them off, and RUNS.
Above the door, an ANIMATED NEON SIGN shows a happy boozer lifting his martini glass, then falling over flat on his back, at which point his eyes are replaced by the traditional cartoon X's.
BULL glowers at him, snorting STEAM out of both nostrils.
BULL and JUMBO rear back to PUNCH STU'S LIGHTS OUT.
STU SCREAMS.
The sound of the key in the lock is met by INSANE BARKING.
Pissed off, she SHAKES her FIST at MONKEYBONE and pulls the lid of her clamshell SHUT.
STU LUNGES at MONKEYBONE - who JUMPS OVER HIM, BOUNDS off the edge of the table, and grabs hold of a CHANDELIER.
The ball hits the REAPER smack on the head, knocking him off his bike!
He grins and shrugs: what the hell.
An angry CYCLOPS elbows him aside.
COMATOSE STU stands in the center of the room, UPRIGHT and IMMOBILE in a party hat.
Yet all around him, DARKTOWNERS are cackling their heads off, growling, howling, punching their fists in the air like rowdy drunks at a football game.
The noise is irritating, so a REAPER on the inside snaps the venetian blinds shut, cutting off our view.
Dead souls take the form of PERFORATED PAPER DOLLS... two-dimensional, underwear-clad, usually wearing expressions of shock.
DEATH lets out a great rattling BELLOW OF RAGE.
Before they know it, they're pedaling directly TOWARD the mob of ANGRY REAPERS!! STU jerks the handlebars HARD RIGHT and JUMPS THE TRACK he's on.
Trailing black fumes, the BICYCLE RISES!
He flips it...
The poor dog is stuck behind an accordion gate in the hall, going crazy, trying to warn his mistress about the imposter in STU's body.
Then, with a what-the-hell twinkle, he steps out and FLINGS HIS SWEATY HANKIE into the midst of the GROUPIES.
He winds up - throws a ROUNDHOUSE PUNCH at STU-BONE'S FACE.
ANGRY NEIGHBORS poke their heads out the windows.
An angry HYPNOS slams down the phone and storms across the dance floor to his big circular bed.
SCREAMS ALL AROUND as the ORGAN DONOR sits BOLT UPRIGHT!
The dog looks up, cocks his head - and begins WAGGING HIS TAIL.
Behind him, BUSTER is throwing a fit - barking, FLINGING himself at the screen door.
BUSTER throws everything he's got at the door - and it gives!
He turns suddenly - GRABS THE BAT from the puzzled BABE - He wails on the pinata like Ken Griffey Jr. O.D. STU tries to stop him, but it's too late - the pinata BURSTS, and hundreds of PURPLE-ASSED MONKEYBONE DOLLS spill out onto the ground!
A SERVER ladles out a cup of PUNCH from a big silver PUNCHBOWL.
Bystanding GUESTS are DRENCHED in punch as the punch bowl FLIES END OVER END...  ...and, with the sound of a GONG being struck, BEANS a member of the SURGICAL TEAM from behind!! Naturally it's the guy who's lugging the ICE CHEST full of O.D. STU's organs.
The cop's shot hits the giant MONKEYBONE BALLOON smack in the ass.
A FIFTY-FOOT WARRIOR clad in JAPANESE CEREMONIAL ARMOR, he TOWERS over Dark Town, so mighty and enormous that he can wear the E-TICKET RIDE as a hat!! STU lands a HAYMAKER, and the two of them break loose of each other - - LANDING in the upturned palms of the COLOSSUS!
The idiot pile of sleepy dragons.
Thompson, his hat in his hand, is standing before her.
Thatcher puts on his hat.
Bernstein, fifty, is waiting anxiously with a little group of Kane's hirelings, most of them in evening dress with overcoats and hats.
He is in white tie, wearing his overcoat and carrying a folded opera hat.
In the window of the saloon is a large sign or poster "REMEMBER INSERT:  Remington drawing of American boys, similar to the parade above, in which "Our Boys" in the expeditionary hats are seen marching off to war.
The wooden floor of the railroad platform again - a bundle of "Enquirers" - this time an enormous bundle - is thrown down, and the moving shadows of the train behind the camera indicate that it is going like a bat out of hell.
The entire newspaper is crushed with an angry gesture and thrown down into an expensive-looking wastebasket (which is primarily for ticker tape.)
Before him rages a terrific tenement fire.
The door is opened and a condemned man, with priest, warden and the usual attendants, moves into foreground and starts up the hall past a group which includes phtographers, Kane's sob- sister, and Kane.
The whole thing is bundled up and thrown into a garbage can.
The whole floor is now a City Room.
The band and the chorus girls enter and hell breaks loose all around Leland and Bernstein.
This stops Bernstein.
Screaming headline: OIL SCANDAL!
An angry crowd seen from the window of Kane's office.
A rock is thrown.
He starts to work himself into a rage.
Kane is trembling with rage as he shakes his fist at Rogers's back.
She walks a few steps towards the middle of the block, and can stand it no longer.
Matisti stops.
Beyond that, out in the darkness - an apprehensive conductor struggles with his task of coordinating an orchestra and an incompetent singer.
Susan shoots him an angry glance.
She is very angry.
She shivers.
Raymond locks the door and comes to his side.
Raymond ushes Thompson into The magnificent tapestries, candelabra, etc., are still there, but now several large packing cases are piled against the walls, some broken open, some shut and a number of objects, great and small, are piled pell mell all over the place.
One of the Men LOCKS the door.
Nowhere to run, he races into the farthest stall and SLAMS the door.
Sighing, Max unlocks Doug from the pipe, hauling him up and slamming into the wall as he cuffs his hands behind his back.
He stops at a door.
Max smiles and nods, but his eyes give him away as a liar: The Detective steals a look at Max as Adams shuts his door.
Natasha explodes out of the bed, springing up naked in front of Max - shoulders heaving with rage, eyes wild black holes.
The air echoes with angry VOICES, LAUGHTER and SCREAMS.
Max glances back at the path and finds himself facing a wall of angry cops.
Christa steps towards Max, teeth gritted with powerless rage.
Still fuming from the encounter with Bravura, Max watches the numbers over the door fall.
The doors LURCH shut.
Max stops at a door marked `ALEX HILLMAN.'    It's locked.
One by one, the detectives climb to their feet, expressions showing outrage and anger.
SHOUTS and BANGS ring through the door.
An impact sends CRACKS splitting up the length of the door... Two detectives throw their shoulders into the door.
A louder, longer KNOCK.
A muted SCREAM filters through the door, cutting her short.
The bat CUTS through the air, SMASHING open glass pipes in the wall behind Max, the shards raining down over him...
A trespasser.
Glass smashed.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
Bravura and the Young Cop stand on the spot where he fought Max the night before - disturbed snow, the frayed cord...  Bravura nods at the bullshit, focus drawn to Max's locker.
His nose is smashed flat.
CRACK!
Bravura snaps his phone shut, trying to regulate his breath.
A BURST of machine gun fire POUNDS the floor in front of Max's feet.
The door pulls shut behind him.
He pulls the door shut.
Helplessly watching it slip away, Max SCREAMS with rage...  Outside, no voice could carry on that raging WIND.
rumbles in.
BB looks annoyed that he's not getting a reaction out of him.
Max's head snaps up, eyes simmering with rage.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
It's hopeless; he immediately begins to sink again.
Max raises one of the guard's machine guns and OPENS FIRE.
Slugs ricocheting, BB and Salle struggle to shut the doors.
From Max's POV: as the elevator doors slam shut, a glimpse of BB's face stretching and distorting into a demonic grin...  BB and Salle watch the floor number rise.
The elevator opens and BB steps out, snapping his phone shut.
Suddenly the woman grabs up the child with a little sob, turns and runs away.
It is a delicately-made tubular telescope, badly smashed.
Reluctantly Harley has picked up his hat and brief case.
Harley has paused to watch as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The nurse pauses as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The boys are calling out the extras: "Police under fire!" "Army put in charge!" "Space man still at large!" etc.
And he disappears, leaving Hilda to glare after him in impotent rage.
The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leave with Klaatu as Helen enters.
The lieutenant shifts in his chair, annoyed that he has to deal with this madman.
A man about forty-five, bloodied and badly beaten, is being supported and half-carried by two policemen.
Why did Mr. Carpenter lie to him?
Tom is knocking softly at Klaatu's door.
with traffic stalled.
Hilda flings him a questioning look, annoyed that he won't share her excitement.
shooting from the door.
The three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming cars with the chopped-up occupants and take the gym bag full of cash.
Both steel doors EXPLODE as if their molecular structure, itself, disintegrated from one BLAST of Tubbs M-40 grenade- launcher firing a canister of ball bearings like a king-size shotgun on steroids as...  react, but Crockett draws down on one with an AK-47.
Tubbs fires the M-40 at a third boat, which explodes flame, followed by...  destroy the smuggler's Strykers, which we saw in Fujima's video.
Men stop them and frisk them.
Yero's furious.
Crockett stops.
The room is overtly destroyed.
stop the caravan.
break up.
Tubbs punches in numbers.
It means get the fuck out of there right now! Gina ends the call, drops to the floor to the wall, kills the lights, holds her Sig .9mm at her side as she moves deeper into the interior...  Close on their two faces.
They want their words buried under noise...  discreetly at the door, watching the street.
Crockett pushes the money towards the Campesinos.
Crockett insists.
It's violent.
Everybody shuts up.
Gina cocks her ear, waiting to hear...
He hangs up.
Isabella punches numbers into a satellite phone.
reacts to knock on the door.
Screaming, Son's ruined wrist, Tubbs took the knife, and as the Aryan Brother swings the bat...  ducks the bat.
Tubbs slams the knife twice into the man's slide, doubling him up, leaving the AB Brother to crawl, bleeding, with a 10-inch butcher knife through his kidney into his right lung...   AND Tubbs' gun in his left hand has never moved off-target of the Aryan brother with the detonator in his hand the whole time until right now:  he snaps a ROUND into the wounded Aryan Brother's head.
But...  runs from cover into the clear with her handgun firing at the crazy whites, furious at the betrayal by Yero.
Crockett stops.
Incredulous.
She slams him in the face with a closed fist.
Jaeger jumps down from the machine gun pissed as all hell.
They shut up and ride.
Epps punches it, and the Hummer takes off.
Epps yells at Jaeger.
Waiting...  Closer... EPPS FIRES!
You know the story:  Huge explosion, car parts flying a hundred feet into the air, bodies whipping through space, stuff Bob Dole would hate.
To Jaeger, Epps ask: Jaeger fires it up, and pulls out.
Epps, Jaeger and Wes all ride along in an angry silence.
Epps stops.
After a beat Epps screams for him.
Wes gets a slow boil on.
Jaeger's body jerks violently backward as he gets the air punched out of him.
His feet just clear the outer edge of the fireball, but still get licked and burned by flames before he slams to the ground several feet from the explosion.
Epps stops dead in his tracks.
Epps cocks an ear to the air and listens.
Yeah, what the hell is it?
Our three press themselves up against the rock walls and suck air.
Epps has had enough of this shit.
Three Iraqis are inside, weapons trained on our targets.
One of them grabs it up and is about to throw it back out of the gunship.
The grenade explodes in the Iraqi's hand killing him instantly.
The lantern punches a hole through the darkness as Epps uses it like a machete to blaze a trial.
Wes yells down.
Epps yells up.
Wes goes on the boil.
Wes, still on the ground, fumes.
Epps gives an expression that screams:  What the hell are you talking about?
Wes yells down at the Iraqi.
Epps grabs it, and throws a punch.
Epps stops, and puts his pack down.
He turns to Jaeger and vents what anger he can.
Immediately he sinks to waist level.
He screams to Jaeger and Wes.
He yells for the shack: Before Epps can even finish getting the word out machine gun fire erupts from the house and burns towards Epps and Jaeger.
At the top of his lungs Jaeger starts yelling: Just as quickly as it began the shooting stops.
With the muzzle of his gun he pulls it open a crack and peers out.
EPPS MARCHES WES OUTSIDE THE TENT, stopping momentarily to grab up his pack with his free hand.
The Shi'ite just stands there for a beat looking at the three men, then suddenly explodes in screams.
It's amazing what you can do when a bunch of angry Shi'ites are chasing you.
The bullets fly fast and furious swarming all around our boys.
Jaeger yells over to Epps.
They swing down on the far end of the highway, engines roaring like angry lions.
The huge shells rip a bloody path, shredding cars and trucks, igniting explosions, straight towards the car with Epps, Jaeger and the driver.
It sets off a series of violent explosions that knocks Jaeger off his feet.
He looks to Epps like let's get the hell out of here.
The tug is kicking up a foaming wake as it pulls the Chimera along behind it.
A beat.
A beat.
A pair of woman's shoes lie on the floor.
A pair of slippers lie on the floor beside a chair, over which is draped a woman's robe.
Greer is lying supine on the floor.
Murphy opens the door, stopping dead in his tracks.
He stops, holding there.
He begins pulling out the hoses and wires, grabbing at them, yanking them loose, breaking them off.
A boot punches through a rotten wood hull.
Epps comes to the 2nd officer's door, knocks.
She lies back, not sleepy.
A beat.
A beat.
She throws down the radio.
He raises a fist to ram into her face when WHAM! Epps has shoved the butt of her flashlight into his crotch and he comes up SCREAMING.
Murphy slams the door shut as Epps looks on.
A WOMAN SCREAMS, and is cut off when a door slams shut.
The DISTANT MUSIC HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH INDISCERNIBLE SHOUTING, as of someone commandeering the microphone somewhere As she walks, she passes an open door where several CREWMEN fight over a steamer trunk, which breaks open, scattering the contents.
The steward looks up, reaches over and slams the door shut.
He is on his knees, hands tied behind his back as he is forced to watch from the foot of the bed.
The CLANG FROM THE VENT SOUNDS HERE and Murphy stops.
The rivets are springing out of the hull like machine gun fire when the steel plate of the hull gives way, A MASSIVE CRAG OF ROCK SMASHING THROUGH Epps ducks for cover as the crag tears a diagonal line through the Chimera's hull like a jagged claw through paper in a The Chimera is impaled broadside by a particularly devious rock promontory of a small island.
He frantically grabs for something to hold on to, without success, until he is finally pulled into the smoke stack and sucked into the bowels of the ship by the rushing water.
A padded wall is papered with NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS that date back to the early 1900s: "LOCAL FOWLER BROTHERS LOSE $35 TICKETS TO BOARD TITANIC" appears over "FOWLER BROTHERS KILLED IN COAL MINE MISHAP."
Another series of articles reads, "JEWISH PROFESSOR DENIED ADMITTANCE TO HINDENBURG" and "PROFESSOR RABINOWITZ KILLED IN AVALANCHE."
Cutting him off.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak."
Kimberly merging into traffic, NEARLY COLLIDES with a speeding yellow mini- bus carrying a high- school football team.
Kimberly pulls around the mini-bus as rowdy football players tackle each other, yelling: Kimberly flicks on the radio and we hear HIGHWAY TO HELL by AC/DC at earsplitting volume.
Evan, pissed off, flips off Frankie.
He is trapped in his burning car, screaming and trying to release the seatbelt.
Freaking.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go", "Fucking freak."
Freaking.
The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from the speakers.
Officer Thomas Burke stops the car behind them.
Horrific.
CHAOS.
BANG!
Detective Suby looks pissed o ff.
Evan places the TV by the door, looks at his torn shirt, but fuck it, who cares; he's on a natural high.
Evan recoils, throws open the window and throws the grease to the sidewalk five stories below.
In the GARBAGE DISPOSAL.
The window slams SHUT!
He has no choice but to smash the kitchenette window with the fire extinguisher to get to the fire escape.
He runs down the fire escape from floor to floor.
Kimberly sits upright in bed and sees the WINDOW IS SHUT.
Kimberly watches carefully as the Physician comes to a door and punches "4514" into the electronic lock.
The Physician punches in another code.
The door SLAMS.
Thomas expertly skids into a U-turn.
BANG!
CREEEAAAK -SLAM!
Horrible.
Clear shakes her head by the shoulders and barks commands like an angry drill sergeant.
He makes a fist, is about to knock - when the DOOR FLINGS OPEN and a ROTTWEILER LUNGES for his throat - only to have its collar snagged at the last second by its owner - JORGE CRUZ, late 30's, handsome, cocky.
The hatred is mutual.
Isabella hangs up, recoiling at VIOLENT THUMPS against her wall.
Nora looks up, anger surfacing.
Eugene and Nora get inside, standing in front of a gaunt looking man holding a cardboard box full of MUZAK plays AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL.
He SCREAMS, CLAWS AND POUNDS, desperate to escape the elevator.
A SPORTS CAR speeds past on the left, then as it pulls in front of the Exped ition, its slipstream sucks over some debris from the shoulder; a thin metal piece of trim, which bounces in front of Kat's Expedition's left front tire.
Isabella, pissed, is in a holding tank.
As she fumes, a rivulet of WATER streaks down her leg.
It sends rubber flying and the entire SUV pulls hard to the left, spinning her out of control into the oncoming lane of traffic - toward the White Van! Isabella SCREAMS! Steve jerks the wheel to the left!
Isabella SCREAMS, in pain, not fear.
Just as the Expedition comes to a stop, an IRRIGATION PIPE ROCKETS through the rear window -- miraculously missing Clear and Rory -- coming to a rest just behind Kat's head.
Shit.
Kimberly unbuckles her seatbelt and floors it.
And STINGS!
There is SCREAMING all around.
The Orderly smacks his forehead - shit.
Horrible.
Quick as shit.
And behind him, the unmarks blaze ... Guns his bitch...  Straight at the roadblock .. Three CRUISERS and a PORTABLE WOODEN BARRICADE...  Memphis pins her ... ZOOOOOM!
And HURLS THE BRICK AT THE WINDOW Which EXPLODES ON IMPACT, a SHOWER OF GLASS raining down ...  As Kip walks into the showroom, glass crunching underfoot.
The alarm raging in here... In moments, the V8's massive 349bhp is bellowing...
And he's sitting on a tilted back chair, and wall-bouncing the ball and annoying the piss out of whom we remember from the drop-car at our opening ... Atley walks with a LIMP now...  Thunk!
Kip floors it.
The CHOPPER does the usual spotlight-trailing...  It's turned into a total pig circus ... A car pulls to a stop ...
A Richard Widmark motherfucker - with the diamond hard look of a cobra.
Calitri grins ...  Nods to Digger an Butz, who go back to work... Memphis' look is cold and furious ...  Plaintive: Atley hits the wall-switch and the steel door slides shut.
He looks slightly ridiculous...  Throughout the scene, Memphis should be studying Kip, as if he's seeing him for the very first time ...
And Otto goes back to the Camaro ... To finish his work...  Otto looks up frustrated... To Junie And Junie hits PLAY on a cassette deck ...  And, instantly, ENGINE SOUNDS rip from the shop's stereo speakers ... Otto listens, as if it were a Mahler symphony...  Memphis smiles ...
These eccentricities are old hat...  Otto has finished the Camaro ...
Sawdust on the floor.
But a BANG!
Memphis picks up the broken bag ...  Sticks it in the trunk ... Puts the golf clubs in on top of it ...  Slams the trunk.
Only there's still a neat MOUNTAIN OF SMACK ON THE FLOOR by the rear of the Caddy ...  But there's no time...
Castlebeck looks at Otto...  Otto grins... Castlebeck walks around the garage...  Taking it all in... Castlebeck notes the Caddy ...  ANGLE - the mound of heroin on the floor ... Castlebeck takes out a WALKIE ...  Barks into it ...
And he walks out of the house, door slamming behind him.
A MAID comes in with a tray of tea service ...  The maid crosses the Judge's line of sight... Watch as he curses her out, his face going beet red with fury...  Sway looks at Memphis ...
She shuts off the taps ... Towels her hands...
An expansive warehouse surrounded by chain-link fence ... Enormous SHIPPING CONTAINERS are here, in which the stolen cars will be stored.
But he's stopped the car...
And they pull in to Where Mirror Man is still struggling with the lock, his drills and punches, scattered about ... only The Sphinx shoves him aside ...  Pulls the GUN from his holster and BLANG! blasts open the lock... Mirror Man stares at the opened door ...
With urgency... Phones ringing like mad...  Drycoff walks into Castlebeck's office...
And the car has rocketed off... Memphis punches the gas,'sending Sway to the floor...  PRE-LAP Alice Cooper's "Under My Wheels" and SLAM CUT TO: CLOSE UP OF THE "SNAKE" LICENSE PLATE as its ass-end fishtails like a bastard...
And he SLAMS OPEN THE DOOR...  catching the kid in the balls ...
And Kip punches the gas ...
The security guards run for her...  Kip, forehead bloodied, switches places with Toby, getting behind the wheel ... Punches the gas ...  Getting them out of there ... Kip drives like a wild man ...  Toby is bleeding something fierce... Shot in the chest...  Kip looks at Tumbler ... They both look at Toby...
As the 'Vette comes screaming into the warehouse ... Kip exploding out of it ...  Getting into the back.
Kip begins to sob.
Holy shit!
And try to get out of each other's way... Fenders crunch ...  Cops curse.
A mad mouse in a maze ... INT.
And punches the gas ...  Going right at Castlebeck and the others ... Smashing through the squad cars ...
He opens her up... Full throttle ...  The chopper above him ... The gang is watching on the TV...  Freaking out ... ANGLE - KIP.
But he' s driving too close to the shoulder, and he SMASHES INTO A LIGHT POLE -- !
Memphis' foot SLAMS ON Eleanor's pedal ...  SMASHING THROUGH THE ROADBLOCK... Cars and cops flying ...
And the Dispatch guy is getting pissed.
On Route 33.
He shuts off the radio ...
He punches the gas... Ripping down to the accident site...  Heading straight for it ...
He senses something and turns to has driven up in the smashed-to-shit Eleanor ...
And she is smashed-to-shit.
And the van doors slam, as Digger and Butz, Calitri's grave-diggers, get out ...  Atley goes to the unconscious Calitri ...
A vast expanse of trash and garbage and layers of earth.
A POUNDING.
In a mad act he breaks cover and         * runs down toward the departing boats.
He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them.
Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him.
Hector bends low and starts to waft expertly         * and blow at the fire's remains.
Hermas tetchily stops him.
He is careful not to disturb the sleeping forms lying all around him, some of them sprawled on the floor.
Lucinnius begins to sob, at first quietly, then more loudly and more pathetically.
Lucinnius crumples to the floor and squats on his knees.
He helps Lucinnius lie out on the marble floor.
He throws     the knife down.
Their efforts are useless.
* An OFFICER comes into the room.
He throws down his knife and cheese, lying down with her on the grass.
Before he can protest she has moved off.
Hector    does so.
The raft is in the full rage of the surf.
She refuses his help.
Others       are following them, discharging MUSKETS, shouting      for the DESERTERS to stop.
Darkness.
Dead.
Is he being fucked with?
Outside, Johns has an ear cocked to the wind.
FURIOUS CLOSEUPS: Zeke fighting for his life.
And SCREAMS.
She hauls him off -- only to have Shazza start punching Riddick.
She strips the goggles off.
Broken.
A beat.
A beat.
Behind his back...  Audrey and Pilgrim #3 (the youngest Chrislam.)
It EXPLODES WITH LIFE.
He slams the door, MUMBLES A BLESSING and waits for the storm to pass.
Riddick accepts it awkwardly, sucks down some pure O2.
A beat.
A beat.
The door slams closed.
RIDDICK'S POV: Of dead hatchlings on the floor.
Over-running with piss.
Broken.
The CLICKING STOPS.
A beat.
She wants to protest -- but can't.
Riddick stops.
Fucking with him, Riddick starts poking and jabbing, backing him up against the wail of dark.
A beat.
More spattering.
It's like looking into a bucket of angry eels.
He keeps his mouth shut.
She's exposed.
They flail on.
Daring him to run her over.
A beat.
She gets a knee on his neck.
And just when we think it's over for Riddick -- TERRIBLE SCREAMS are heard from both man and predator: There's a helluva fight going on out there.
But touch him, he'll explode.
Wilson out of the car, shuts the passenger door.
Wilson makes a sudden lane change to avoid getting fed in the wrong direction.
Wilson blocks the Supervisor's hand and then punches him, hard.
Beat.
Shutting the door behind her.
Beat.
That consuming rage overtaken him again for a second.
Driving away in traffic, Ed calmer now.
KNOCK at door.
Catches outside gate before it slams shut.
Freezes, his own gun in hand.
Cocks the hammer.
Feather has been listening to this, expressionless.
His idiots in the background.
Who drops him with one punch.
Breaks.
Hangs up.
Wanting to know what the hell is going on.
Hit.
What the hell is this guy doing here?
Stops shooting.
Screams again as his elbow of his gun hand disintegrates.
Mad.
He grabs Valentine, pulls him up, then throws him into the television.
Goes to him, grabs him by the neck with one hand and pulls out his gun with the other.
At those words.
After setting the glass down, his other hand goes to the shoulder where his stab wound was no doubt only temporarily dealt with.
He shuts the car door and walks toward the building.
He carries a briefcase, his hat is a little on the back of his head.
Neff looks up, takes his hat off.
Neff comes into the room and throws his briefcase on the plush davenport and tosses his hat on top of it.
Neff takes his hat and briefcase.
Neff, wearing his hat and carrying his briefcase, enters from the vestibule.
He hands her his hat and briefcase and continues right on, CAMERA WITH HIM, to a door lettered: Keyes' voice is heard inside, plenty loud.
He takes his hat off.
He picks up his hat.
Neff bangs the front door shut, walks quickly to his car and drives away.
On the way he picks up his hat.
Neff is a little annoyed.
She snaps the bag shut.
He punches his stomach with his fist.
She closes and locks the car door.
Phyllis moves out of the shot carrying the hat and rug.
He gets a stronger hold on the dead Dietrichson and drags him free of the car and towards the tracks.
She carries both crutches, the hat and the rug towards Neff.
He takes the crutches and the hat from her.
He takes the hat from Phyllis and tosses it carelessly along the track.
He turns, hiding the handkerchief behind his back.
Neff comes through the reception room doors with his hat on and his briefcase under his arm.
Keyes puts his hat on and crosses towards the door, Neff after him.
He hangs up, takes off his hat and drops hat and briefcase on the davenport.
He gathers up the morning paper which is lying untidily on the floor and puts it in the waste-paper basket.
His hands are clasped behind his back.
Keyes stops in the middle of the room and turns.
Neff, with his hat on and no briefcase, is walking toward Keyes' office.
He is wearing his Stetson hat and smoking a cigar.
She has her hat on and is preparing to leave.
The car stops.
A car door is slammed.
Her expression is tortured.
Out of the shot the gun explodes once, twice.
The witnesses put their hats on as they pass through.
His hat is on his head now, his overcoat is pulled around him loosely.
The boys stop the chase and watch in disbelief.
Boy #1 throws his bike down in frustration.
Forrest knocks on Jenny's door.
The quarterback throws the ball into the air.
He opens the door and begins to punch the boy inside.
The crowd yells for Forrest.
Forrest stops in the end zone as he hears the crowd yells.
He lies down on the dirt road and crawls.
Forrest crawls over a berm as bullets fly overhead and explode all around him.
A rocket explodes on the machine gunner and the other soldier, killing them.
Lt. Dan grabs Forrest by the shirt, angry.
They fire napalm as the jungle explodes with massive fireballs.
The fireballs explode behind him.
Forrest begins to hit the ball back to the other player.
Forrest immediately grabs the ball and places it down on the table under its paddle.
The three men in the barber shop look up in disbelief.
Slow motion -- Forrest steps forward with rage.
Jenny steps out the door as Forrest picks up his hat.
Lenore stands up, angry.
It is a bunch of garbage and shells.
Forrest lies in a hammock on his boat.
The anchorman is standing in front of the ruined pier and boats.
Forrest takes off his hat and steps over to her.
She throws other things at the house.
A bumper sticker reads "Shit Happens."
Jenny shuts the door.
There is a knock at the door.
Who the fuck are you?
laundering and contraband Bullshit.
Break it up.
He knocks on a door.
She cocks an ear.
A collossal earthworks defacing the flat, hot moonscape.
Shuts the door.
Bullshit Jim.
The only time a Vice President comes to Langley is to cut a fucking ribbon.
This shit with Dick goes back thirty years.
Thunder-robbed.
She shuts the door, leaving Joe alone.
Knocks on the door.
BILL interrupts, stealing Joe's limelight.
Fuming.
He shuts the door.
Cars on fire.
A vision of utter hell.
There is a KNOCK AT THE DOOR.
THUNDER.
He's thrown when she doesn't reply.
He hangs up.
She sobs.
Shuts the door.
She holds her head in her hands and starts to sob.
Shakes her head in frustration.
Joe turns round, furious, as if he's going to punch the reporter.
Immediately she gets up and walks out.
Tense.
trouble.
CLOSE SHOT -- DOOR as it opens and REGGIE steps into the She stops, her expression changing.
REGGIE screams.
But she pulls a package of nuts out of her bag.
A UNIFORMED POLICEMAN sticks his head in the door.
Then he takes the flower from his lapel and throws it into the open box.
PUNCH and JUDY are batting each other on the head.
Finally, JUDY knocks Punch out of sight and a PUPPET wearing a three-cornered hat appears.
Wearing a hat, he stands off in the background, watching.
SCOBIE turns and storms out of the door, slamming it.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
He hangs up.
He winces.
DYLE stops at the door.
Following through, DYLE punches the large man full in the jaw, but instead of falling, SCOBIE wraps his arm around DYLE, holding on tightly until his head clears.
DYLE goes to the door, throws back the bolt and opens the door.
He winces.
A KNOCK at the door.
He wheels as the door is slammed and REGGIE, who had been standing behind it, locks it and pockets the key.
She turns and leaves, slamming the door after her.
damn annoyed.
His body is sitting on the floor of the cage, its grotesque sprawling attitude resembling a puppet's with its strings cut.
SYLVIE jumps up and rushes next door into her booth, shutting the door after her.
Another KNOCK.
Barely stopping, she holds out her ticket to the GUARD to be punched, then heads down the platform, still running.
As the TRAIN pulls in and comes to a stop.
He stands on the platform as the train doors slam shut, the latches click, the whistle blows and the train pulls out.
ADAM ducks behind the column as the bullet hits it and screams off.
As CARSON enters and slams the door behind him, locking it.
ADAM arriving at the door, bangs on it, then looks around, frustrated.
We hear WOMEN'S SCREAMS.
They turn towards the noise and see a bunch of STEWARDESSES scattering from a trendy young cad with a fake hand sticking out of his fly.
It's a dead end.
A passing electric baggage cart nails Stuey at full speed and carries him off down the corridor, screaming bloody murder.
She sneers at him.
The plane explodes in a fireball.
"Ricky Coogan Sucks Shit" (this one held by a nice LITTLE GIRL.), "I Like Ike" (held by a confused OLD MAN, shuffling around aimlessly.), "Drink Pepsi" and finally...  "Free Nelson Mandela"--we WIDEN to reveal the subheading: "Inside specially marked boxes."
She SMACKS him.
Toad drags them towards the door.
BANG!
He's incredulous.
He storms off.
Darkness.
The music turns to Psycho-like string stabs as Elijah uses the hammer to smash in a nail.
Rick is left alone, staring pensively at the hammer.
Rick is still staring at the damn hammer.
Standing up, he throws the hammer carelessly aside into the muck, and walks towards the cubicles.
Beat.
SMASH!
THE "TIME MAGAZINE" DOOR--SMASH!
THE "U.S.A. TODAY" DOOR--SMASH!
SMASH!
The sign says "DUNK ME IN ACID!" He's talking to an OLD LADY, who throws a baseball, hits the target, and dunks the clown into the foaming bath of carbolic acid.
We can hear the crowd screaming for him in the background.
They yell "Bravo" and throw bouquets.
His whole monster side awakens and takes charge of his body with violent intensity.
The milkman stops in his tracks.
On the other end of the line, we hear LAUGHING MAN's insane chuckle.
He looks a little pissed- off as he turns to face Rick again.
Why, it's the freaks!
We hear his CACKLE, as well as STUEY GLUCK'S TORTURED SCREAMS and a horrible POWER TOOL NOISE.
The other freaks follow suit, including the Worm, down in the tunnel, who struggles to hold the bottle in his tiny feeler.
Sockhead charges at them like a mad dog.
Using a pen held in his mouth, he flicks a series of switches and punches a fast series of computer keys.
It smashes through the window, setting off a loud SIREN.
Beat.
Stuey is still wailing, and everybody else is getting pretty damn annoyed.
He removes the spring from a pocket pen and picks the lock.
Inexplicably, (actually it's just because he's so stupid.)
He turns to the other freaks, who've woken up and are gathered around on the floor.
Beat.
Stuey's waving cup is blocking the view of a big, annoyed BIKER sitting behind him.
Rick and the freaks in the cage cheer stuey Monster on.
Ernie smacks her.
The crowd is taking sides, screaming out advice, and foaming at their mouths.
Rick leaves him on the floor and stalks the freak cage murderously.
He does his best Ed Sullivan He swivels the nozzle turret towards the cage full of freaks and is about to glop them when Rick stands up above Stuey, blocking Elijah's trajectory at the freak cage.
He rushes at Rick and delivers a flurry of punches to his mid section.
He's carrying a garbage bag dripping blood.
They're about to stab Rick and Julie when...  BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!
Stuey has to prop him up while members of the audience are invited down to punch him in the chops.
Ernie stands off to the side, charging everyone five bucks per blow.
O'Neill immediately wants her, and now.
He immediately jumps into the shots.
He grabs her.
Debbie and Rick and her MOM and DAD are having a frustrating game of tennis behind her parents' plush home.
Mr. Thomerson slams the ball to Rick; Rick slams the ball back and drives it over the fence, out of the court.
Mr. Thomerson serves the ball to Debbie, who hits it over the net to her mother, who hits it to Rick, who slams it over the fence, out of the court.
Rick smashes the ball and sends it over the fence, out of the court.
Cole turns red with anger.
Larry stops walking and immediately breaks down.
He has a constant expression on his face that suggests he's constantly sucking lemons.
The door starts to close and the guys start yelling.
They take sides, yelling out, "Take the car," "Keep Debbie."
They scream in shock.
Milt casually takes off his hat and immediately sticks his face through a nearby window, smashing it to pieces.
The elevator doors slam shut.
He doesn't know what the hell is happening.
Mrs. Thomerson is still freaked out over her meeting with Nick the Dick.
The all-girl band is going ape shit.
The door opens and in walks Rajah, the Indian pimp.
He looks pissed.
They look back at him uncomfortably as the doors slam shut.
Milt stops at a door and kicks it with his foot.
He slams the door shut and exits.
One of the Japanese races over and gets there first, slamming and bolting the door shut.
She screams, horrified.
The doors slam shut.
The other guys are screaming at the top of their lungs.
Rick immediately jumps to his feet.
The Japanese immediately put two and two together and get orgy.
Debbie slams the door shut behind him.
The elevator door opens, revealing the donkey lying flat on his back.
As Rick protests, she throws on her blouse and runs out of the room.
The cops grab Mr. Thomerson as he tries to get out, and they throw him in line with the others.
She screams.
Rick hits Cole with a punch that sends him backwards into several movie patrons.
Cole throws a punch.
The punch hits a MAN in the front row in the mouth.
A Man who has taken a punch and has had his jacket ripped to shreds doesn't seem pleased.
HOMELESS sleep amid steaming VENTS and GARBAGE STREWN GUTTERS.
WORKMEN are up ladders, taking the HOARDINGS down SIGN and putting a large sign up: THEATRE CLOSED TILL FURTHER NOTICE ...  ANGLE ON: ANN ... rattling the HEAVY STEEL CHAINS that are     LOCKED around the DOORS to the VAUDEVILLE THEATRE ...  A WORKMAN up a LADDER smirks down at her.
A MOTLEY collection of VAUDEVILLE PERFORMERS cluster on the SIDEWALK ...  near them an incongruous assortment of PROPS and COSTUMES litter the STREET ... ANN tries to gather up PROPS - MANNY's BROOM, her TOP-HAT, HARRY'S parasol ...  ANN turns ... Manny is standing quietly to one side.
ANGLE ON: DENHAM quietly places the GLASS against the SCREENING ROOM DOOR, and presses his ear against it.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM listening ...  ANGLE ON: The YOUNG ASSISTANT opens the DOOR, steps into the LOBBY which is ... ANGLE ON: DENHAM and PRESTON hurrying down the CROWDED SIDEWALK - struggling under the weight of 8 FILM CANS! DENHAM is glancing back over his shoulder.
ANGLE ON: DENHAM looks back across the STREET and notices an angry INVESTOR heading towards him.
DENHAM hurriedly WINDS the WINDOW SHUT ...  the SLEAZY INVESTOR yelps with PAIN, as he yanks his JAMMED FINGERS away from the CAB! ANGLE ON: PRESTON sprawled on the SEAT, amid a PILE of FILM CANS, as the CAB speeds away!
DENHAM looks away, muttering to himself ...  ANGLE ON: The CAB screeches to a SUDDEN HALT in MID-TRAFFIC ... DENHAM jumps out, leaving PRESTON in protest ...  DENHAM turns and looks at PRESTON briefly.
The ANGRY VENDOR pulls her     hand out of her pocket, which is still clutching the stolen apple.
DENHAM crosses to a cabinet and breaks into a CRATE OF JOHNNY JACK throws a FEW SCRIPT PAGES across the TABLE.
ANGLE ON: The PROPELLER CHURNS through the WATER ...  ENGLEHORN watches the VENTURE pull away from the dock ... Satisfied, he enters the WHEELHOUSE ...  ANGLE ON: JACK emerges from the labyrinthine SHIP INTERIOR and rushes to the RAIL of the SHIP ... he freezes in HORROR!
ANGLE ON: The SHIP is PULLING AWAY from the DOCK ...  6 feet ... 7 feet ...  JACK contemplates JUMPING for a MOMENT: POLICE CARS race along the docks towards the VENTURE, SIRENS wailing.
WIDE ON: ZELMAN throws his hat to the ground in anger as THE VENTURE pulls away from the docks.
PRESTON is interrupted by a knock on the CABIN DOOR...  ANGLE ON: The DOOR opens and DENHAM enters.
DENHAM turns and looks at ANN. ANGLE ON: CHOY is showing JACK to his sleeping QUARTERS, carrying JACK stares in DISBELIEF at the DINGY HOLD strewn with STRAW BALES and EMPTY ANIMAL CAGES.
CHOY looks up in SHOCK as the BOTTLE ROLLS towards ENGLEHORN who coolly TRAPS it with his FOOT.
CLOSE ON: An expensive FOUNTAIN PEN drops from JIMMY'S HAND and clatters to the floor.
ANGLE ON: MIKE packing away his HEADPHONES and SOUND RECORDING ANGLE ON: ANN in the CHIFFON DRESS, hesitating in the doorway of the MESS.
BRUCE looks annoyed ...  then takes another look.
She quickly snaps the COMPACT shut and turns away.
ANGLE ON: HAYES enters the MESS ...  HAYES saunters over to PRESTON ANGLE ON: LUMPY is standing quietly honing a knife with a whet- stone ... it makes a L ANGLE ON: JIMMY enters the MESS from behind him...  PRESTON glances warily at DENHAM.
DENHAM and PRESTON stop and turn back ...  The ENGINEERS shovel more COAL into the FURNACE ... The relentless rhythm of the SHIPS PISTON'S PUMPING UP and DOWN continues ...  PRESTON LYING AWAKE FREAKING OUT intercut with close ups of THE WIDE ON: THE STERN of the VENTURE cuts through the swell then AERIAL up over the top of the boat.
WIDE ON: The VENTURE steams through the FOG BANK ...  ANGLE ON: A CREWMAN throws a LEAD-LINE over the side.
RUINS jutting out of the WATER.
the SAILORS row ashore ...  ANGLE ON: JACK as he STARES up at the RUINS ... CLOSE ON: ANN, as if COMPELLED, turns and looks over the side of the BOAT, into the SEA ...  her breathe catches!
THUNDER RUMBLES overhead as DENHAM, JACK, ANN, HERB, BRUCE, PRESTON, MIKE and 2 SAILORS clamber out of the RUINED TUNNEL DENHAM stays low, and hurries to a VANTAGE POINT.
The OTHERS CRANE UP: to reveal a PLATEAU below them, covered with the RUINS of an ANCIENT BURIAL GROUND ...  stone MAUSOLEUMS and TOMBS, smashed open and destroyed.
A RUMBLING, BESTIAL ROAR fills the VILLAGE as if in answer to ANN'S CRY ...  LOUD and CLOSE ... for a brief moment everyone freezes ...  anyone can react, they are roughly SHOVED and PULLED into the MIDST of the FURIOUS NATIVE MOB.
She struggles against her captors ... ANGLE ON: A OLD-WOMAN moves through the midst of the VILLAGERS ...  her gaze fixed on ANN, muttering curses, eyes burning with a dark fury ... DENHAM is YELLING at the NATIVES ...  he is SHOVED to the GROUND.
One of the SAILORS is DRAGGED forward, his HEAD pushed against a FLAT STONE SLAB, and CLUBBED TO DEATH.
DENHAM punches a NATIVE ... they haul him forward and thrust his HEAD onto the BLOOD SPLATTERED STONE ...  NATIVE CLUBS rise into the air ... The NATIVES hesitate, as if STUNNED ...  then SCATTER.
ANGLES ON: As WAVES crash against the STRANDED SHIP, LUMPY, JIMMY, CHOY and the other SAILORS throw TABLES, CHESTS ...  KITCHEN EQUIPMENT into the SEA.
He CROUCHES in the shadows ... CLOSE ON: JACK sprawled on a BENCH SEAT in the MESS ...  a LOUD METALLIC CREAK wakes him up.
She looks down and notices her HANDS are FRIGHT, to see cabin's DOOR HANDLE - which is turning ...  ANGLE ON: ANN'S FACE as her CABIN DOOR opens ... ANGLE ON: JACK desperately pushes past CREW in the CROWDED, panicked CORRIDOR, trying to get to ANN'S CABIN ...  WIDE ON: The VENTURE at the MERCY of the RAGING SEAS as it moves even closer to the REEF.
CLOSE ON: HAYES yelling commands: ENGLEHORN LIFTS UP THE WINDOW SEAT ...  revealing a ROW of TOMMY GUNS hidden there.
ANGLE ON: the TINY BOATS are tossed in the RAGING SEAS.
WIDE ON: On the OTHER SIDE, the WALL falls away vertically into a ROCKY GROTTO, leading into the DENSE TANGLED JUNGLE of SKULL SUDDENLY ANN feels herself DRAGGED FORWARD ...  the POSTS she is tied to are MOVING, pulling her TOWARDS the EDGE of the WALL!
TREES are violently SWAYING ... above the crescendo of the NATIVE FRENZY, ANGRY BESTIAL ROARS can be heard.
STEAM RISES from festering SWAMPS ...  HAYES is LEADING DENHAM, JACK, PRESTON, LUMPY, CHOY, BRUCE and EIGHT SAILORS.
She tries to brace herself against KONG'S FINGERS, but the rigors of the journey knock her sideways like a RAG DOLL.
ANGLE ON: JACK picks up ANN'S NECKLACE ...  a LOCK of BLONDE    HAIR still tangled within it's STRANDS ... WIDE ON: DAWN LIGHT brightens the SKY as the GROUP survey the ANGLE ON: DENHAM casts an eye over the DEBRIS STREWN GROUND ...  his gaze rising to a HUGE GASH in the FOREST ... DENHAM POV: TREES have been RIPPED from the earth where KONG    has SMASHED a path through the JUNGLE ...  ANGLE ON: HAYES notices a SAILOR with a WOOLLEN HAT pulled   down over his head ... the SAILOR has turned away from the GRISLY REMAINS.
HAYES bats the hat off the SAILOR'S HEAD ...  it's JIMMY.
ANGLE ON: The GROUP'S NERVES are FRAYED ...  as they continue slogging through the difficult TERRAIN.
ANGLE ON: LUMPY shooting WILDLY at a HUGE BUG ...  LUMPY GLARES at HAYES ... and SHOOTS one last time at a HUGE BUG ANGLE ON: SLIDING FEET ...  down a VINE strewn slope.
ANGLE ON: JACK cautiously moves uphill towards the source of the running flat out towards JACK!
The STAMPEDING DINOSAURS storm towards DENHAM down the NARROW CLOSE ON: DENHAM is frozen to the spot, staring at the CAMERA, which is lying directly in the rampaging DINOSAUR'S PATH.
staggers out of the DINOSAUR PILE-UP ...  he turns back at the SOUND OF LOUD HISSING - a CARNOTAURUS is climbing over a DEAD BRONTOSAUR, it's gleaming eyes intent on JACK.
The CARNOTAURUS is riddled with BULLETS and falls DEAD at JACK'S FEET! HAYES hurries towards JACK, clutching his TOMMY GUN! HAYES sends the rest of the MEN up a steep ROCKY SLOPE ... they SLIP and SLIDE on the SLIMY MOSS-COVERED ROCKS.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM reacting in SHOCK as HERB is KILLED by the frenzying CARNOTAURS.
KONG has dropped ANN in a small RUINED COURTYARD, it's WALLS are cracked and split by encroaching JUNGLE CREEPERS.
CLOSE ON: ANN, flat on the ground, eyes shut, lying still.
getting up and is STARTLED when she HITS his FINGER AWAY! KONG cocks his HEAD ...  he THUMPS his FISTS on the GROUND.
Another FIST SLAMS into the GROUND!
ANGLE ON: KONG HURLS HAYES at the SAILORS ...  he flies over their heads like RAG-DOLL and smashes against the FAR WALL of the RAVINE with a sickening CRUNCH.
KONG runs towards the LOG ...  KONG'S FIST smashes at the LOG, knocking the men off balance.
She runs up the bank towards the noise.
She ducks behind a ...  there is another CARNIVORE BEHIND HER!
ANN hangs on desperately ...  ANN is HELPLESS ... The TYRANNOSAUR positions it's HEAD for the FINAL LUNGE - gaping JAWS OPEN impossibly WIDE ...  KONG meets the TYRANNOSAUR HEAD-ON at FULL SPEED!
KONG punches and smashes with his fists, but he also uses wrestling-style headlocks and flips ...  for a brief moment, ANN rolls free on the ground and has to dodge 25-foot DINOSAURS and the GORILLA, as the frenzied fight THUNDERS all around her.
KONG outs the SECOND TYRANNOSAUR in a HEADLOCK, FLIPPING it over his shoulder, and throwing it down into the CHASM.
AND more SMASHING AGAINST THE CHASM WALLS ...  SHE FALLS AND WIDE ON: ANN faces the TYRANNOSAUR!
KONG GRABS HIS JAWS in BOTH HANDS forcing it OPEN and BITING the TYRANNOSAUR'S TONGUE.
floor of the RAVINE.
The wreckage of the CAMERA lies smashed and broken on the CHASM floor ...  a thin, shiny, thread of black FILM trailing from the smashed CAMERA body like spilt innards.
It crawls blindly towards LUMPY and CHOY!
ANGLE ON: DENHAM is WIELDING a short stick like a CLUB ...  he smashes the HUGE BUGS in a psychotic explosion of RAGE, pulverizing their bodies into the DIRT!
All around, MONSTROSITIES OF NATURE emerge from DANK BURROWS and crawl towards the JACK, DENHAM and JIMMY ... these are HUGE INSECTILE MUTANTS - combinations of SPIDERS, CRABS, MANTISES and SUDDENLY JIMMY notices the TOMMY GUN sticking out of JACK'S PACK.
ANGLE ON: JACK desperately swings at the INSECTS with a STICK, whacking and stabbing them.
ANGLE ON: ENGLEHORN and a COUPLE of SAILORS OPEN FIRE from the LIP of the CHASM, SHOOTING the SPIDERS into SMITHEREENS!
CLOSE ON: KONG ...  ROARING with ANGER ... he abandons JACK and CHARGES at the BAT-THINGS!
ANGLE ON: SEVERAL BAT-THINGS are gripping and CLAWING KONG'S BACK in an effort to weaken the huge ape ...  he suddenly POUNDS HIS BACK against the WALL of the CAVE, SQUASHING THEM ALL!
The surviving BAT-THINGS wheel away from KONG, HISSING ANGRILY ... 16 lie on the cave floor, STUNNED or DEAD.
ANN hangs onto JACK for dear life, as he GRABS the BAT-THINGS ANGLE ON: JACK and ANN DESCENDING RAPIDLY ...  the BAT-THING furiously FLAPPING it's WINGS, but unable to stop the SPIRALLING plunge past the CLIFF FACE.
He ANN SCREAMS as she and JACK fall into the RIVER ...  they are immediately picked up by the current and SWEPT AWAY.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM & ENGLEHORN as they hear KONG'S ANGER.
TREES CRASH to the GROUND as KONG SMASHES his way through the JUNGLE towards the CLEARING ...  ANN looks at the deserted wall.
A SAILOR with a MACHETE hovers near the ROPE, ready to cut it on DENHAM'S COMMAND.
DENHAM suddenly rises and walks past them towards the GATE, fixated on the ROARING BEAST, smashing at the TIMBERS.
PRESTON lies to one side, a RAG held against his BLEEDING FACE.
He reaches towards her ...  ANGLES ON: SAILORS THROW GRAPPLING HOOKS at KONG, HAULING on   the BRUCE rushes forward, pulling PRESTON to his feet, hustling    him towards the TUNNEL EXIT.
ENGLEHORN yells at SAILORS poised on the TOP of the WALL.
SAILORS throw BOULDERS down from the TOP of the WALL,   pummelling ANN breaks away from JACK, rushes at ENGLEHORN, grabbing his   arm just as he prepares to throw another CHLOROFORM BOTTLE.
JACK takes ANN'S ARM ...  DENHAM yells at him, as KONG'S RAGE intensifies.
CLOSE ON: KONG WATCHING ANN being DRAGGED AWAY ...  he EXPLODES with ANGER, suddenly RISING to his FEET, ripping the NET to PIECES!
ANGLE ON: JACK running with ANN towards a waiting BOAT ...  ANN fights as JACK tries to LIFT her on BOARD ... both turn!
CLOSE ON: DENHAM finds a CRATE of CHLOROFORM BOTTLES on the FLOOR of the BOAT.
ANGLE ON: JIMMY manages to fire a BURST at KONG ...  KONG CHARGES in FURY and THUMPS his FIST down on the BOW of the BOAT.
ANGLE ON: KONG flings the BOAT against the COVE WALL, smashing it - sending JACK, JIMMY and SAILORS into the SEA! ANN looks on in horror as JACK SURFACES, holding onto JIMMY,    who is COUGHING SEA WATER.
The FAKE ANN tethered to the ALTAR screams again for help!
BOOM! JACK turns in time to see ...  The VAST THEATRE WALL explodes onto the street, showering PEOPLE and CARS with BRICKS and STEEL ... KONG bursts into the MIDDLE OF ANGLE ON: JACK stares up in horror as KONG heads straight for him ...  JACK is going to DIE!
The WHEELS are SPINNING WILDLY ...  in a CLOUD OF BURNING RUBBER, the CAB speeds down the ROAD, weaving in and out of the path cut by KONG'S DESTRUCTION.
He gets SLOWED in THICK TRAFFIC ...  KONG BURSTS his way out of the ALLEY ENTRANCE ... RIGHT IN FRONT JACK SWERVES on to the SIDEWALK ...  JACK steers the CAB wildly along the SIDEWALK scattering PEDESTRIANS in all directions!
ANGLE ON: The CAB, covered by the RUINED STALL, SLAMS into the WALL of a BUILDING.
hidden beneath the RUBBLE ...  KONG searches for the CAB, ROARING in FRUSTRATION!
KONG bounds out into the streets, swaying to avoid the bullet fire, angrily smashing cars out the way.
ANGLE ON: JACK RACES into a LIFT and hurriedly punches the BUTTON ...  nothing happens ... JACK pushes past the OLD SECURITY GUARD!
GLASS FLIES all around ANN. BULLETS SLAM into the BACK of KONG! KONG circles the building trying to get away from the PLANE but it continues to follow him.
Words acid-etched in the weapon's fine-tempered surface: Main credits end.
The round punches a fist-sized hole through Raquel's chest, continuing on into the vamp behind her! Vampire blood fountains.
Beat.
DENNIS sits huddled in a corner, having pissed his pants.
The engine ROARS to life, belching fumes through the dual exhaust.
Blade glances at Karen, cursing himself for giving into his emotions.
Who would dare such impudence?
Frost stabs an accusing finger at the Overlord.
Mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious serum runs its violent course.
Karen stifles a sob, turning and running right into -- who now blocks the exit, sword in hand.
As Karen climbs out, Blade swings the door shut behind her.
The front door explodes open as Blade comes flying through it!
The pistol falls from his grasp -- Blade fires his fist into Gideon's gut again and again, then flings the officer across the room, sending him SMASHING into a glass-cased cabinet.
Bleeding, battered, Gideon struggles to stand -- Blade is all over him, kicking the shit out of the rogue cop until he sinks to the floor in a half-conscious haze.
Blade FIRES into the door handle of one of the units, tears it open -- the fridge is stacked floor to ceiling with plastic packets of blood.
Pearl SNARLS, his body quivering with poisonous rage.
He pulls an explosive charge from his combat belt and secures it to the door, arming it with a BEEP!
The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, knocking Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet.
She exits, leaving him alone with his demons.
Karen SCREAMS.
Karen is left alone with Frost and Quinn.
Blade struggles to lift his head, forcing himself to match Frost's gaze, shaking with hatred.
CRACK!
CRACK!
Blade crumples to the floor, lying still.
Inhuman.
She touches the raw wounds on her neck, shaken -- Blade rises to his full height.
And there's something else in his gaze now too -- an animal fury that was missing before.
The aftermath.
As it dissipates, Mercury and the others creep forward, apprehensive -- stands with his back to us, his body trailing wisps of occult fumes.
Blade SCREAMS.
It strikes the stone behind them, SHATTERING and -- Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an unendurable intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an expanding ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD.
At his feet -- lies in pieces.
Suddenly, wish a sharp CRACK!, the knob explodes, and the door bursts open.
Suddenly we hear a metallic CLICK, which registers with unnatural amplification, as - Clarice reacts, drops to the floor, rolling sideways, and - pulls a revolver out from behind her back, still in SLOW MOTION, raising it in her untied hands.
It's ARDELIA MAPP, her roommate.
A beat.
A beat.
Frustrated, Clarice hesitates, then finally shoulders her bag and goes, leaving the questionnaire in his tray.
Clarice is punching keys on the terminal.
She murmurs to herself.
Catherine straightens, with her bag of groceries, shutting her car's back door.
He looks around, frustrated by the noisy circus atmosphere. is pulling on a pair of surgical gloves.
A beat.
A beat.
He is agitated.
He is taut, frustrated.
She's furious.
They start towards the car, but he calls out, stopping her.
She cocks an ear, making a low GROWL, then sets off to investigate.
Krendler shuts the door behind her, points sternly at Clarice.
Clarice climbs from her rented car, SLAMMING the door angrily.
a cot and a small table, each bolted to the floor, and a flimsy paper screen, hiding a toilet.
A third cowboy stretches out the lamb's neck, raises a bloody knife.
as Clarice turns, startled, and the fuming Chilton seizes her elbow.
Boyle has to set his tray down on the floor to clear off some of the mess of drawings.
as he crawls, with torturous slowness, towards the command desk, and the phone.
The other cops, behind him, fan out silently to set up angles of fire, checking the various office doors - all locked - as they creep up.
is a brief snapshot from hell.
Blood and gore everywhere.
a cop angrily punches OFF the music.
Two SWAT officers, PETERSON and KUBELL, turn a key, unlocking and opening this floor's elevator doorway.
Then the SIREN is shut OFF, and the flashers.
She starts wearily towards the sheriff...  CRANE ANGLE - sweeping rapidly DOWN into the barnyard towards the arriving highway patrol car, as it stops... RUSHING to the little girl as she steps from the car, holding the lamb.
He stops, straightens.
Catherine yanks the dog up, into his line of fire, screaming at him.
as Mr. Gumb cries out again - a terrible, inarticulate scream of rage and anguish.
The maddening BUZZER sounds again, even more insistently, and he cries out with frustration and fury.
sledgehammer from the floral box, swings it with all his might against the door knob, blowing it through as - Crawford and Burroughs race towards the door, guns up...
A bedroom window disintegrates as a flash grenade is shot through it, EXPLODING on the floor.
MOVING ANGLE - towards the front door, as frustrated HRT cops file out of the empty house, rifles slung across their shoulders.
The noises are LOUDER, coming from there.
Very slowly and quietly he steps out behind her, taking his gun in both hands, aiming...  the Colt Python as - in SLOW MOTION - his thumbs cock the hammer, the SOUND registering as a LOUD METALLIC CLICK, and - spins, still in SLOW MOTION, flame already leaping from her gun muzzle, as we see - almost at point-black range, guns ROARING hugely, one FLASH from Mr. Gumb, and one two three four FLASHES from Clarice, overlapping his, and then, as the ECHOES crash deafeningly - with NORMAL SPEED RESTORED, as the side of her face hits the floor, and she is gasping, stunned by the noise and flames; there is blood on her check, and an ugly powder burn, but she ignores them, twisting to yank her speedloader from her jacket pocket, locking it blindly onto her gun's cylinder, reloading, right in front of her face, then rolling onto her stomach, aiming her gun upward again, blinking her dazzled eyes, straining to locate him in the darkness...
A MASSIVE CONCUSSION as a BUNKER-BUSTING MISSILE BORES into the earth at high-velocity, burrowing deep-- --then a HUGE BLAST - FLAME and DIRT are thrown high in the air, many of the FIGURES blown sky-high.
A-10 WARTHOGS-- stubby attack planes-- SCREAM from the sky, RAKING THE REMAINING FIGURES with CANNON FIRE, BLASTING THEM to bits.
These aircraft no longer bear traditional U.S. insignia-- they're painted in WILD COLORS, graffiti lettering says things like: "BOT BLASTER," "KILL FOR CONNOR," "RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINES," etc...  Resistance fighters.
His comrades FIRE EXPLOSIVE BULLETS-- and BLOW THE ROBOT APART.
THE SOLDIERS rake the room with GUNFIRE-- MACHINERY collapses, SPARKS from EXPLODING CIRCUITRY.
He opens his mouth, makes a few GUTTURAL NOISES...  then SCREAMS.
MARCUS moves along a slight rise, wrapped in torn and filthy RAGS, mud caked on his body.
But with sudden speed, MARCUS GRABS THE BOY'S GUN HAND and wrenches it hard-- it FIRES into the air.
He struggles to control anger, speaks quietly.
KYLE cocks his head at him.
The room's a mess, GRAFFITI here and there, trash scattered about; they're not the first squatters who've been here.
THE GUNS and STAR'S WATCH lie on a dresser.
THE JEEP pulls to a stop, MARCUS gets out from behind the wheel and moves to the TANKER.
PIG snorts and PULLS MARCUS yanks the gun away and tosses it aside, HEAD-BUTTS Pig, who staggers backward, BLOOD SPRAYING from his nose.
BULL CHARGES MARCUS, who dodges him, grabs the man and-- --HURLS HIM HEAD FIRST into the CHARCOAL PIT-- his BODY SIZZLES against the coals, he SCREAMS and WRITHES.
A STEEL LID in the top of the container OPENS hydraulically, the Harvester DEPOSITS the HUMAN CAPTIVES inside, and the LID SLAMS SHUT.
Her eyes flutter shut again.
THE A-10 that shot down the H-K comes around for another pass at the transport, but-- --ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUNS at the far side of the river let out a VOLLEY of BLUE PLASMA-FIRE.
BLAIR quickly grabs a STONE and, staying down, hurls it as far away as she can-- THE STONE strikes a few BRANCHES-- THE T-1s suddenly turn in that direction, GUNS BLAZING-- THE WOODS in the immediate vicinity are torn to pieces by the GUNFIRE, small FIRES erupt from the incendiary bullets-- it's definitely overkill.
DARKNESS.
BARNES, 20-ish, good-looking and cocky, yawns and sneers, annoyed at being awakened.
BLAIR sits at a battered dining table, surrounded by angry outpost RESIDENTS, including JANE and MORRISON.
During the above, other KIDS and ADULTS IN BG AD LIB-- "Kill it," "Goddamn robot," etc.-- increasing mob anger, until-- His impassioned CRY silences the onlookers.
The EXPLOSION rips OPEN the GRATE, destroys the FAN.
MORRISON escorts a pair of powerful UNIFORMED SOLDIERS armed with HIGH-TECH RIFLES with explosive shells-- they react to the EXPLOSION beyond the closed door-- and break into a run, the soldiers readying their weapons.
MARCUS grabs the sharp, still smoking STEEL projecting from the hole and pulls himself upward as-- THE DOOR SLIDES OPEN and the SOLDIERS open FIRE at MARCUS-- BLAIR hits the deck as EXPLOSIVE SHELLS tear HOLES in the --SHRAPNEL hits MARCUS in the back, he's thrown into the ventilation shaft-- MARCUS has a CHUNK OF REBAR lodged in his left SHOULDER, but he doesn't even notice this yet.
He doesn't have much time to deal with this as-- --THE CHOPPER emerges from behind the treeline, the SPOTLIGHT picks him out and AUTOMATIC FIRE erupts-- MARCUS runs a few yards and throws himself to the ground as-- GUNFIRE STRAFES around and ahead of him-- setting off several MINES which send up clouds of dirt.
But the hydrobots are upon him, he SHRIEKS and disappears beneath the bubbling surface, which now boils with BLOOD.
MARCUS heads inland, past the ruins of a CHURCH-- WALLS with the remains of stained glass WINDOWS, STATUES OF SAINTS.
CONNOR is already on his feet, BANGING on the door-- the MP unlatches it to let him out-- Partway down the hallway, CONNOR encounters KATE, who walks with him, takes in his expression.
SCREAMS and SOBS from other prisoners.
He flings it expertly into-- --a nearby TRASH RECEPTACLE.
SERENA takes in his anger, adopts a regretful tone.
Elaborate CIRCUITS are exposed, as SURGICAL MACHINES perform repairs with LASERS, MECHANICAL ARMS replacing damaged parts.
He's CLAMPED onto an elaborate, mobile SURGICAL TABLE, the stump exposed.
The TABLE INVERTS, exposing the back of his head.
MARCUS lets out a CRY of rage, strains at his bonds.
She touches him once more and moves off, leaving him alone here.
Hurrying past the wall of brains, he moves a hand to the base of his skull...  with an ANGRY CRY-- --his FINGERS dig into the plastic skin at the back of his MARCUS grits his teeth, this is incredibly hard to do, but-- --he RIPS THE INTERFACE MODULE from his skull-- CONNECTIONS SPARK, we glimpse STEEL SKULL and the encased BRAIN beneath.
FIRE and SMOKE in the distance, VEHICLES MOVING fast amidst the destruction.
THE PHYSICIST is SLAMMED against a wall.
SKELETAL TERMINATORS storm in, wielding PLASMA RIFLES-- they mean business-- THE PHYSICIST finally looks alarmed, getting in front of MARCUS as he yells-- A TERMINATOR FIRES anyway, BLOWING A HUGE HOLE through the center of the Physicist's chest and throwing him backward to the floor-- the man looks down and shakes his head at the damage to his plastinated body.
THE PRISONERS smash the GLASS DOORS off their hinges, and charge past-- THE CONTROL ROBOTS, which are now coming to life.
A STOLEN BUS heads for the exit, KNOCKING a couple of TERMINATORS aside and SMASHING through the rising GATE, clearing a path for others to follow.
THE TANK keeps SMASHING through the house, as its TURRET SWIVELS upward and BLASTS AWAY.
DOWNSTAIRS - THE TANK tears through an upscale RECREATION ROOM, splintering a POOL TABLE, smashing through PINBALL UPSTAIRS - MARCUS takes the ATV straight out onto the BALCONY, THROUGH THE RAILING and INTO THE AIR.
THE TANK SMASHES THROUGH THE BACK WALL and-- --TAKES A NOSEDIVE into the pool, out of commission.
As they near the boat, MARCUS reacts to the sight of-- --RED EYES FLICKERING in the darkness at the END OF THE DOCK, the BLUE GLOW of a RIFLE CHARGING.
PRISONERS and DOCTORS SCREAM and scramble for cover-- CONNOR steps in front of KATE to shield her, they back away through the WATER BLAST, CONNOR FIRING at SERENA-- SERENA takes numerous HITS from the EXPLOSIVE BULLETS, which take off PIECES of her, but she keeps coming, FIRES again-- --HITTING CONNOR in the lower abdomen.
BLAM! MULTIPLE PLASMA BLASTS from behind RIDDLE SERENA'S TORSO, the BLUE PULSES burning right through her-- her HEAD takes a hit, the STEEL is RUPTURED.
But ON THE FLOOR lies-- --MARCUS' SEVERED ARM, still holding his PLASMA RIFLE.
We hear Marcus' VO, his voice strong and assured: AN ARMY of HUMAN RESISTANCE FIGHTERS marches through the AN H-K goes down IN FLAMES, SMASHES in the MOUNTAINSIDE.
He throws a pile of blue and white chips on the table.
The ball stops.
JACK leans into the open car and takes out his hat and cigarettes.
She pushes him gently with the flat of her palms towards the door.
She takes her scarf, puts it round his neck, pulls him seductively towards the bedroom door.
The BARBER stops for a moment, nonplussed.
She's jealous.
He has a 10 and a 5 exposed for the house.
The MAN is getting angry.
He looks at JACK with hatred, then leaves the table.
MATT turns to JACK, furious.
He swears silently.
He straightens his hat and walks off.
JACK'S face is masked with blood and fury.
He winces.
JACK is dealing to MR TCHAI and three OTHER MEN.
She immediately gets up.
She is crushed.
He hangs up.
JACK sees MARION is getting really angry.
Without looking back she flings the gate shut, goes off down the street.
MARION slams the door to the flat.
The car turns into a lane.
A racquet smacks a tennis ball.
On court, Jani delivers a winning overhead smash.
JACK is irritated.
JACK is getting angry.
He knocks on a door.
The FACES of the LOSERS, resigned, desperate, angry....
He wears a silly paper hat.
The PUNTERS at Jack's table include MR TCHAI and four expensively dressed CHINESE MEN.
PEOPLE start screaming.
The SUIT punches JACK in the stomach.
One of them handcuffs the SUIT, who is lying on the floor.
JACK lies groaning on the floor.
A WOMAN smashes a plate over a MAN'S head.
Plates are thrown, stamped on, smashed.
Hurt and angry, Denver runs past Sethe, towards the woods.
Sethe pauses - unnerved and irritated by Denver's challenge.
She's mad.
INTERCUT: FLASHES OF MEMORY attack as SETHE TELLS HER - Sethe being raped, beaten, held down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS in a barn with a loft...  Sethe screams and is smacked across the face.
Denver is sweeping the floor - irritated by Paul's presence and voice.
At one point, A WHITE CARNIVAL BARKER shouts to the children; The phrase stabs Sethe and Paul a bit.
Denver looks at Paul with a hard gaze; From Paul's expression we can tell Denver is lying... and whatever fragile connection they were building, is swiftly destroyed.
Paul's getting more annoyed.
He is mad at Beloved for her damn questions.. Something inside of Sethe stops, a wall erected.
Nan whispers to Sethe: Little Sethe looks up and sees her mother - her face a mask of courage and rage and tears.
Tears of rage and humiliation stream down Paul's face.
The BOY BEATING SETHE never stops with the whip for a second as he rants; They beat her mercilessly.
She bursts out of the water, gasping for air...Slowly, her rage subsides, replaced with a calm, ruthless understanding Beloved is walking back toward the house.
Beat.
Paul is about to get mad when he looks to Sethe again, reels it back in and answers curtly, but politely; Hearing his own words echoed back to him, annoys him.
He turns and grabs her, kissing her with a passion bordering on hatred.
Paul stands above the sleeping Sethe - his guilt driving him mad.
Beloved sits like an angry, upset five year old with her fingers in her mouth.
Although steeped in pig shit on a wintry day - his hands numb from the cold - Paul D. is in high spirits.
And with it, an insane rage.
When Sethe speaks in a soft, forgiving tone, he stops to listen; Paul turns to look at her and realizes she saw right through him...  Unable to bear it, Paul turns and leaves... Sethe stands still, fighting tears, and whispers...  Sethe is scrubbing the floor, with Denver trailing by with dry rags.
Stamp takes off his hat and follows Ella, who is doing laundry in the kitchen.
Beat.
He drinks from the bottle like an angry, broken man.
Followed by a LOUD FRUSTRATED YELL.
Is held by one of the men, pointed at the floor.
Charlie takes the bags, tosses them in then shuts the back.
They shut and bolt the doors.
Tom starts to pull his gun. is fired up on adrenalin.
What the hell is he going to do? Jim's men look at him.
He raises his pistol, grabs the door handle and pulls.
Tom hears an angry yell.
A glass window is smashed and water floods into the boat showroom.
The engines are shut down.
Flashlight beams stab into the room.
Ray pulls a gun, starts shooting.
That stops the room.
Wayne goes to Tom's cell door and pulls it shut with a click.
He yells as the wire cuts into him.
Touch the top of the desk, start pulling it toward him, and he just gets a firm grip on the desk when...  Smashes into a window, bending in the bars on the window, shattering the glass, letting a torrent of water into the room.
Kenny shuts off the engine of the one remaining jet-ski.
Jim shuts down the boat engine.
At the end of the street explodes as water hits it.
Explodes.
Jim cocks the hammer on his pistol.
The Sheriff stops shooting, yells at the others.
Stops his boat.
He turns to see...  Shooting back at Wayne with Ray's gun.
Curses and pulls back, too.
Tom guns it and the boat tears off.
Tom shuts the door.
Tom grabs a rifle, frustrated and angry.
The bottles hit, explode.
Smashes through a window.
He throws them over the banister.
Jumps back, startled, looking down at...  Holes explode in the floor, sending up small geysers of water.
Looks at Jim, disappointed, angry, then hurries to Hank's boat.
A large V is being cut in the top of the dam by the raging water.
Wrong.
It explodes.
Starts to scream.
The side has been smashed out of the boat and the boat is flooding with water.
smashing into the mud, as a football OFFENSIVE LINE comes set, frosted breath steaming across to: The DEFENSIVE LINE digging in, ready to explode.
Pissed off, Bud sprints out to the white line.
He lies down on the line, his head touching Joe's feet.
The room hushes immediately.
anger, retribution.
Joe's angry with himself.
Winters, mad as hell, is berating his assistant coaches who are sitting, cowed in his office.
Winters is angry.
Immediately, the players begin to drift back to their old tables.
Wrong.
Joe goes after her, pissed.
Camille's taken aback, not realizing she'd struck a nerve.
He hangs up.
She would have had to tutor him anyway, but now she's having trouble being angry about it.
Joe immediately accelerates, throwing Camille's head back.
Joe and Camille are locked up in a furious game of raquetball.
The chairs are arranged in several circles, ten players to a circle, like a bunch of formalized huddles.
We move in on the burning ferocity of Alvin's eyes and The Players are bunched together in the tunnel, slapping pads, yelling encouragement.
The quarterback pitches to the tailback as Alvin charges into the hole, screaming at the top of his lungs.
He takes a handoff, runs a trap up the middle, is hit by THREE TACKLERS, clawing at the ball.
Darnell, looking a little lost, fills his cup from a punch bowl.
Darnell, pissed, gives Ray a shove.
Camille, upset, turns and wheels off.
Hits the floor.
She falls to her knees screaming.
As Tim Waymen gets under center, Alvin begins to yell at him.
Joe sinks to his knees in frustration.
Angered, that steroid pump in his eyes, he grabs her again, throws her violently on the bed.
Freaked, she begins to scream and kick.
Both are down in the dumps.
The two expressionless men still have not stirred.
The sound of a gun being cocked.
The stranger wears a fierce bear head as hat.
The door slams.
Rooster cocks his head.
Beat.
Quincy jerks up one knee, banging the bottom of the table and sloshing Rooster's sofky as he grabs something from his boot: a knife.
Rooster has his gun out now and fires.
LeBoeuf unholsters a gun and points it at the four men.
None of the riders bothers to unholster a gun.
He pulls out a navy six-gun and fires.
Rooster cocks his head at the landed bottle several paces distant.
It explodes.
A beat, and he pulls out his six-gun and fires in.
Rain patters on his hat.
She refuses to take it.
She lies down again.
Chaney grabs the gun and flings it away, then holds on to Mattie and slaps her.
He puts a muddy boot on her neck.
He has a round face and idiot eyes.
He makes loud turkey-gobbling noises at Mattie.
Lucky Ned speaks quietly, without lowering the glass: From somewhere in the woods below we hear the idiot's gobbling noises.
The well dressed man and the idiot trudge up from the woods onto the rock ledge.
As Chaney moans the idiot makes calf- bawling noises in imitation.
The idiot is still bawling.
Chaney grabs a stone and flings it at him and the idiot scampers back, making goat noises.
His gaze then swings to the idiot.
Her clawing stops.
The idiot is gaily waving a revolver over his head, not firing, squawking like a chicken as he charges.
He cocks his head to sight, puffing pipesmoke.
He screams as the gun roars and bucks back into his shoulder.
Mattie screams.
She grabs it up.
Tree branches slap at him and take his hat.
Mattie screams.
Rooster gives inarticulate curses as he kicks it on.
One doffs his hat and rises when Mattie addresses the pair; the other stays seated, slurping from his bottle.
But Claudia doesn't take note of it; she is too busy fuming over Anna's lack of consideration, eager to let them both understand that she is sick and tired of waiting around.
Slightly off to one side, Raimondo is exploring the depths, with his spear-gun in hand, ready to shoot.
She is obviously piqued and angry, but more with herself than with Anna.
He is staring at Patrizia with such an intense expression that she becomes thoroughly annoyed and says to him, as she continues working at her puzzle: Coming down the steps that lead into the cabin, Claudia overhears the end of the conversation, and decides to withdraw.
She turns and walks away in a rage.
Ignoring Sandro's remark, Claudia turns and determinedly heads towards the interior of the island.
As he arrives on the scene, two policemen step out of the confusion dragging a large crate, which they carry over to the door of a nearby shack, amid the protests of the islanders who are still arguing and shouting among themselves.
He stops -- angry, disappointed and upset.
The girl immediately strikes a pose.
Claudia resigns herself to escorting Giulia to the floor up above.
Before anybody has a chance to say anything, she heads towards the door, swings it open and stands firmly on the threshold,  obviously intent on telling Claudia to leave.
Giulia takes a few steps backward into the room, and seeing Claudia still there looking at her strangely, exclaims: And with a violent bang that leaves Claudia startled, Giulia slams the door shut.
They are words of protest but spoken condescendingly, almost sweetly, yet leaving no doubt as to their meaning.
But he is unable to ignore them; they plainly annoy him.
Claudia remains standing, somewhat annoyed by the crowd of people around her. Patrizia rises and leads Claudia out to a terrace that overlooks the entire bay which is dotted with lights.
As Ettore returns to his friends with whom he had been speaking and laughing, Sandro looks at him almost with a sense of rage.
With an angry gesture, Sandro finishes his drink, gulping the whiskey down in one fast swallow.
Vince ducks as Christy throws an ashtray at him, and it smashes against the wall.
She is caught between tears and rage.
Christy grabs the mink and heads out the door.
Joey slams Ernie on the side of the head with the gun.
They hear a muffled SCREAM, from elsewhere in the convent.
As Joey opens the door for him, another car drives by, and stops.
They wear large, ungainly straw hats over their wimples.
Christy has been given a hoe and a straw hat.
We hear Christy SCREAM, O.S.
They stop by a door.
After the door shuts, Christy stands and looks out the one small window in her cell.
Mother Superior is seated behind her desk; she is very angry.
Mother Superior is striding down the hall; she is livid.
Christy takes her dust rag and pretends to polish the receiver.
They scream, and Christy grabs Mary Robert and throws her out of the car's path; the two women land on a pile of garbage bags.
Mother Superior is livid.
The Dealer turns and walks back to his house with anger.
In one stride, he grabs his hat and coat and is out the door on the run.
Christy, frustrated, leaves the room.
Parker looks annoyed -- he doesn't like deviations from procedure -- but after a moment of indecision, he sets the file folder on Tate's desk and walks away.
Mother Superior and the nuns are arguing with the MANAGER of the airport, a grouchy guy in grease-stained overalls.
He's getting angry.
With a fierce jerk, she pulls the neckties with all her might, smashing Joey's head against Willy's.
Before them is a large room filled with glitter and sin, the SOUND of jackpots and crap tables.
Everyone at the table turns toward Christy, outraged.
He is furious.
Inside, huddled together against the rage outside, are a small group of people.
Before them, on the cramped altar, lies a man.
A place of seedy, anonymous brick flophouses shackled by rusting fire escapes, lying on an alley unique only for its bad drainage.
Lumpy iron bed, sink that's been pissed into one too many times, and SIMON; a man in a tight sweater and dark sunglasses, busily emptying his pockets on the ruined dresser: loose change, a town paper's obituary column.
The gargoyle SMACKS the frame and COLLAPSES, his head CRACKING on the sill and FORCING a shard of glass through his neck.
Thomas sits at his desk half-heartily trying to make sense of the three dozen files piled there.
The boy is pissed, embarrassed.
He comes upstairs to the landing, where the door to the room is covered with a strip of yellow tape: POLICE INVESTIGATION.
Gabriel pulls the tape aside and KICKS the door open.
Thomas is left alone with Player (priest.)
The guard SMACKS against the wall and crumples out of view.
Tiled floor and refrigerated corpses.
The class immediately erupts into goofing off.
Brutal.
Suddenly her face cracks as her voice chokes with a sob.
And all around them the sucking blackness of the earth.
Flashes of images: Of screams and fire.
The images are driving them mad.
He immediately pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end of the hall and KICKS it in.
Thomas cries out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off an ear.
Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the bed as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thomas up against the wall.
He THROWS Thomas down onto a table, SPLINTERING it.
Thomas suddenly slams his fist against the wall in anger.
A fire has been built on the kiva's floor.
Shrieking, a mad porcelain banshee out of the dusk, Rachael catches up and TACKLES him.
Mad with pain and anger and desperation, Thomas manages to climb to a shaky crouch, Rachael still shrieking on his back.
He walks to the second and KICKS its door down.
Steps up to the kiva door and KICKS it.
A claw.
Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who groans at the sight of him.
The room goes insane.
The Sheriff takes his hat off.
Beat.
Norman stops.
Beat.
Beat.
A Claire's chin begins to tremble and she chokes out a sob.
Beat.
The noise abruptly stops.
Cards with faces swarm chaotically across the screen with the message:  YOU WIN! Without warning, the radio dial rips cacophonously past several stations and comes to a stop on some angry, punkish rock and roll.
The whispering stops.
She stops by the door to watch him.
She hears a car door slam and glances out the window in time to see Mr. Feur driving off.
Slam.
Beat.
He pulls out a cell phone and punches in a number.
Claire looks sucker punched.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She wheels on him with fury.
Beat.
Beat.
Sobbing, she shuts off the squeaky faucets and struggles to pull him upright.
She's sucked down into the water.
Protruding from its lock... THE INTERLOCKED CIRCLES.
He's a wreck.
He takes the phone, punches in three numbers, waits.
He hangs up.
Steam drifts out through the crack.
We can feel her revulsion.
Norman stops.
Norman explodes backwards, slamming his head into the BRASS SHOWER NOZZLE.
THUD!
She flips open the cell phone and punches in 911.
Claire desperately punches the "talk" button again... "NO SERVICE."
Claire punches the talk button again.
A TRAILER CRANK punches through the window.
She hears the hissing of the smashed radiator, then sees Norman, a shattered bloody mess on the floor of the cab.
Her ribs have just cleared the glass when a bloody fist locks onto her ankle and yanks her inside.
The sound of a furious cello solo.
The glass barely touches his lips as he freezes at the SOUND OF DROPPING TRAYS and a PIERCING SCREAM.
He stands there and even in the darkness WE CAN OBSERVE that he is an angry man.
The Time Traveller stands there until he hears the FRONT DOOR SHUT.
His eyes gleam with a mad light, half pleasure, half pain.
During this: Suddenly he hears the SOUNDS OF AIRPLANES and EXPLOSIONS in a strangely ACCELERATED manner.
The two opposite elements, molten rock and cold green water, dwarf the ruined city as they leap toward each other, and meet with explosive fury.
With sudden violence he slams his fist into a whole shelf of books.
He turns back in anger.
The ECHOING SIRENS are now getting on his nerves.
He clutches at Morlock's throat, banging his head against the rock wall, finally throwing him off ledge.
The burning torch catches the Cauldron on fire, which quickly spreads across the floor of the Cavern, to the steaming Machine on the right, which explodes.
Another Morlock comes from behind machine, as fire creeps across floor, almost reaches machine at same time as fire - and it explodes.
They stop and stare at the sight of the Morlock world being destroyed below.
Staring into the vast destruction.
Mrs. Watchett listens as Filby moves to the imprint in the floor where the Machine first stood and explains.
They stop at the door and Mrs. Watchett stands beside Filby as he opens it.
Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMCORDER.
AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a number of pieces.
Then, the sound of a CAR ENGINE turning off and a door SLAMMING is heard.
And than it STRIKES.
They make a mad dash for the jungle.
Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
He wants everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
A beat.
She SCREAMS.
A beat.
Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot.
She SCREAMS.
The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in the room.
As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one of the open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them.
Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor SLAMS into it, driving the door into the cage.
The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door.
They almost catch her as Billy and Paul pull her back up on the limb The raptors stare up at them, angry their plan didn't work.
They coop him up.
The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle free.
But his smile quickly fades as he sees diving down from above in angry pursuit of their lost prey.
Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swarms around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.
We float under the gigantic, arching necks of eighty-foot BRACHIOSAURS.
Grant shuts off the phone.
Spinosaurus grabs the cage and Paul, throwing both straight up out of the water.
Steve Bolander stops the elegant machine and gets out.
He looks slightly ridiculous but always thinks he's projecting an air of supercool.
Her tone changes immediately.
He passes a group of guys bullshitting around the raised hood of a souped-up parked car.
She takes Eddie by the hand and leaves Steve fuming with Peg.
He stares at her and she shuts up.
John pulls the car over and stops.
Standing among the crowd, Steve and Laurie both look angry.
She slams the door.
Terry is destroyed.
The owner puts everything into a bag and starts to ring it up.
The owner takes the money from him and gives him his change.
Suddenly, the owner emerges from behind the counter, shooting wildly.
John sticks his hand into his pockets moodily and stops and looks at one of the burnt-out cars.
Joe unbends and lightly punches Curt on the shoulder.
Joe gives him another charming punch on the shoulder.
Even John has to chuckle at the mad D.J.'s raspy patter.
Carol jumps out of the car as John stops the car in the right hand lane next to the Cadillac.
She puts her coke on the floor.
He motions for her to shut up and they listen.
He stops by a parking meter and sinks down on top of it.
He punches it and wheels into a fast U-turn.
The hoods have quit playing with Terry and are punching him.
Terry is upset now.
He sucks on a popsicle.
As it does the manager punches some buttons and the record segues into a Wolfman howl and then the distinctive Wolfman voice takes over.
Falfa looks insane as he tromps it.
He pulls him off by the neck of the shirt and when they're a few yards off, Falfa's '55 Chevy does blow--exploding like a small A-bomb, blowing it into Modesto history.
O.S. arguing "I DID NOT!" "YES YOU DID!" "LIAR!" etc.
Roberta disappears inside and slams the window shut.
A beat.
Roberta knocks on Janet's door.
For the first measures, Janet's still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won over.
A beat.
A beat.
He dashes out.
This makes De Sean blush -- and it pisses him off.
He keeps one eye on a stack of quizzes that he's marking, stopping to circle mistakes with the pen.
The students immediately start to chatter.
He looks back at Roberta, annoyed by her intrusion.
A beat.
A beat.
This embarrasses her, then pisses her off.
Roberta walks through crowds of kids towards Janet who's in the middle of confronting a boy student.
Roberta listens to the students play "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" -- badly.
Lexi looks upset; Nick is stoic.
There's a KNOCK on the DOOR.
He looks sexy as hell (even with a silly lit-up Santa Claus pin on his leather jacket.),
Roberta takes this in, upset.
He stalks towards Nick menacingly, picks him up and pretends he's going to throw him into the water.
He pretends again to throw Nick in, then puts him down.
Nick THROWS the violin against the floor.
His tone and expression tell her the words are not forthcoming.
LAMB and her husband, watching Becky in amazement; ISABEL and her daughter sitting with ASSUNTA, NICK and LEXI; JANET, impressed as hell; and DENNIS, seething with jealousy.
Rachel stops, frustrated.
Roberta illegally parks her old Honda, rushes out of the car, grabs her book bags and three violins, pulls a parking ticket from her pocket and puts it on the windshield.
Ramon sits on the floor, upset, half-heartedly building with Legos, while his parents argue in the KITCHEN.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
He dashes off, a barrage of Spanish and English curses behind him, and crosses to his sister, waiting for him DOWN THE STREET.
Roberta stops.
A few beats.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
The room electrifies with nerves.
Butt-Head puts the woman down and he and Beavis begin to go at it, leveling the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack-fights.
We see a CROWBAR lying on the floor, and the front door left open.
Butt-Head slaps a pimp.
People stop their screaming.
Beavis is in the doorway SCREAMING.
The pilots SCREAM.
HARLAN and ROSS, the two dumb-looking rough-necks that stole B&B's TV are standing outside Muddy's motel room.
Harlan knocks on the door.
Annoyed, the bellboy leaves.
B&B are left alone.
Butt-Head grabs Beavis' neck.
She shuts the door, leaving B&B outside.
Just as the elevator doors shut, dozens of federal agents with guns rush in and kick open Dallas' door.
A disaster.
They're smashed by the flood.
Disaster.
Flemming and several of his agents get out and head immediately for the dam.
B&B looking particularly stupid.
TIGHT ON Beavis' butt, as Butt-head KICKS IT REPEATEDLY.
He guns it.
B&B press their BARE ASSES against the window.
Ahead of them they see a DUMB GUY and a DUMBER GUY with motorcycles parked.
An agent interrupts, punching Van Driessen in the gut.
It's the DUMB GUY and DUMBER GUY from the desert.
The Dumb Guy looks like an older, more stupid, version of Butt- Head.
Dumb Guy punches Dumber Guy in the head with a closed fist.
Dumb Guy gets up, turns his butt towards the fire and starts to drop his pants.
The Dumb Guy and Dumber Guy are gone.
Several other sperm charge in, knocking Beavis into the egg.
Beavis tries to run, but hits the road and flips over and over - and smashes his butt.
His body stops in the middle of the road.
Other cars behind it smash and pile up.
Muddy cocks his gun.
Muddy finishes tying Dallas' hands behind her back.
He's too loud now for Sandy to ignore.
ON FLEMMING AND THE HEAD SECRET SERVICE GUY - arguing.
He shouts in frustration.
Beavis goes into Anderson's camper and shuts the door.
Tom throws Beavis/Cornholio out the door.
B&B head off into the sunset, trading lame insults as we FADE OUT.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
top.location.href=location.href
SKIP BAKER, who is thirteen, crawls out of his pigeon cage, holding two birds that he throws up in the air.
A group of kids walking by Rodney's window shout insulting things about his horn playing.
Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the door.
Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in.
Junior is irritated at his brother.
Linda lets out a little scream.
A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against the china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR.
Harry hides his anger about being touched with the broom.
A dog starts to bark and a garbage can is knocked over.
He fans himself with his hat.
Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand.
Suzie knocks on the door.
Hattie hates it when he comes near her.
Hattie is angered.
There is dislike in her stare.
She is so mad that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
People near him try to make him slow down but his pride forces him to be ridiculous.
She throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
He claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO through the house.
Suzie knocks on the door.
The suitcases are in the middle of the floor.
He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
Junior gets more violent and starts to shake the car.
He refuses but she tries to pull his hand towards her.
Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
The bleeding has stopped.
He gets into an argument with the people on the other end of the phone.
She has an angry expression.
Sunny follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him.
She slams the door.
Harry's body lies on the floor.
In the clearing, a UC JOCK stands behind his ASIAN GIRLFRIEND, kissing her neck and removing her clothes.
And on cue comes the ring of the doorbell and the simultaneous pounding of angry Navy fists on the back door.
The two big guys with bad haircuts hold Jerry off the ground while the earnstwhile Chevy owner goes through his pockets.
Jerry's got on a hat made from Coors beer cans.
They've pulled to a stop.
Sheeni stops.
Stops to regard the reproduction of Massaccio's Expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden on the wall.
Sheeni wears Khakis, red bandanna neckerchief, and an Australian bush hat.
Mrs. Saunders starts screaming too, the sound of a pig being slaughtered.
Albert WHIMPERS and cocks his head.
Francois cocks the machine-gun.
He slams the door.
They both start screaming as they are blasted with cold water.
A BLOODCURDLING SCREAM rises up from the home.
The screen door slams behind him.
She lets out a scream.
She slams the door.
The Berkeley fire rages on the television.
Estelle screams into the phone.
Nick leans back and glares in silent protest as everyone takes their seats at the table.
Nick tries to shut out the sound of Dwayne getting into the creaky bed behind him.
Nick waits a beat, staring in disbelief.
And with that he cocks the Thompson for dramatic flare.
Nick knocks on the door.
A beat.
You know damn well, Nick.
He slams down the phone.
The Viewscreen now shows TWO TRANSPORT SHIPS trapped like insects in the violent torrent of energy.
The ships are being buffeted and thrown about by large TENDRILS of CRACKLING ENERGY.
Kirk shuts up.
The ship is destroyed by an energy tendril.
BULKHEAD EXPLODES, sending metal fragments screaming across the Bridge and KILLING the Navigator.
He stops and reacts.
Beat.
His expression is dark and angry.
She dabs a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth...  her expression is angry and threatening.
A jolt.
He turns and manually SHUTS the hatch behind him.
Moves away from the battle section...  before it can completely escape, the battle section EXPLODES -- the force of the explosion hits the saucer section, knocking it toward the planet.
Everyone is knocked to their knees.
reacts.
A beat.
Kirk moves to the stove and tosses out the ruined eggs.
-- Kirk punches Soran and sends him flying backward.
His look of shock turns to fury and madness.
Dead.
They both hang up.
She grabs the box of bullets and throws them in, too.
Doors on the coroner's van SLAM shut.
The room is a mess.
Darryl is mad, but he's still watching the game.
This only makes him madder.
She hangs up on him.
He stops at the door.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
Another KNOCK.
She looks disheveled but is grinning like an idiot.
She's in a world of shit.
Darryl stands and crosses the hall to the room as the door shuts in his face.
Darryl tries the doorknob, but the door is locked.
Everyone is very disappointed, taking off their headsets, turning off tape recorders and looking at Darryl like he's an idiot.
On hearing this Louise mouths the word "shit" in a very frustrated way.
Louise yanks open her car door, gets in and slams the door and fires up the ENGINE.
The car is SCREAMING down the road.
It's Thelma and she puts the gun to his head.
Frustrated, Hal slams down the phone.
She points the gun at it, takes a second to get a bead, then SHOOTS two of the tires flat.
They both turn towards the truck and FIRE rounds into the tankers until they EXPLODE in a huge ball of fire.
The truck driver screams at the top of his lungs.
As she gets to the road she stops.
They both scream.
He screams and ducks down into the seat.
Louise FLOORS it and her car screams ahead.
Louise puts the car in gear and FLOORS it.
We see the one colored blue throw; his disk smashes into the second warrior, and he dissolves into thousands of glowing lines.
sneering, as he uses his electronic cesta to hurl the pellet back with violent force.
They stop in front of a cell, the guard opens the door and shoves the protesting captive inside.
The door SLAMS shut, locked.
reacting.
reacting.
He throws it back.
Flynn throws again.
The pellet destroys the ring he was standing on, and Crom has to grab frantically at the edge of the next ring to keep from falling.
His face lit from below by the glow of the Game Grid...  angry He puts down his cesta.
His face suffused with anger.
SMASHING another one of the Blue Warriors against a wall.
One of them glows brilliantly as he touches it, and the Recognizer gives a violent shake, then stops.
The Bit gives a violent start and leaps back, out of the way, but immediately comes back, peering at Flynn.
Before the Bit can answer, Flynn's power flows into the Recognizer, and it takes off like a bat out of hell heading for the city.
as the Reco screeches to a screaming stop...  but the head of it, with Flynn and the Bit, breaks loose, and flies through the air, landing in what looks like a garbage dump.
His eyes are shut.
Tron and Yori stop at the foot of Dumont's altar.
The top of the cone is a flat, sliced-off surface.
furious.
from the stern.
Tron picks himself up from the floor where he was thrown when the Sailer took off, and heads for Yori (at the camera.).
Sark flings his disk with a violent jerk of his wrist.
We see Tron throw his own weapon.
Sark deflects it and immediately throws his own disk.
Tron throws.
Tron continues to throw.
Her eyes stay shut for a second, then open.
Flynn gets up off the floor, goes over to the printer, and READS the document.
Soldiers scream and go nuts.
"I Can't Do Nothing For Ya Man" by Public Enemy blasts.
The Officer does not move, Troy punches his head once.
Vig takes out a U.S. Army pen and uses it to unroll the greasy paper and lie it flat on the sand. is a handwritten map, with scant Arabic writing, a few spare roads, numbers, and three small boxes.
The door explodes open and two MPs grab Archie, pants around his ankles, and drag him from the truck.
Vig fires his pistols with fury at a series of stuffed animals on logs -- blowing the stuffed animals to smithereens.
Doc fires the M-16 and blows the ball to pieces.
Doc throws a ball.
Troy shoots the door lock with his pistol.
Archie kicks the door repeatedly.
They point their guns.
An Iraqi soldier fires a grenade-launcher off his shoulder which explodes the container on the back of the truck -- Milk explodes everywhere, gushing around the wheels of the Humvee and the feet of Archie and the others.
Raging oil fires, 50 feet high -- billowing black smoke.
TWO SOLDIERS grab the Woman from the Man With Glasses, and drag her into a circle with three other soldiers; the ten year-old girl with dirty casts on both arms, screams and punches at them.
The Iraqi Captain paces frantically punching and kicking the walls and talking (SUBTITLED in ENGLISH.).
The Iraqi Captain goes nuts, throwing himself on Doc's back, choking Doc, who flails about.
Troy punches the Iraqi in the head and rips him off Doc.
She is grabbed by the hair and pulled away by an Iraqi soldier, but the Man In Glasses punches him and takes the girl.
The Iraqi Major is pissed.
CUT BACK TO the Major pauses, then smashes the barrel of his machine gun, with Archie's hand, against the Humvee.
Blood dribbles out the bottom of his pants leg like piss.
NO SOUND except for the SLOW MOTION SOUND of the BULLET EXPLODING.
THE ONLY SOUND is the IRAQI'S HEARTBEAT, the bullet tearing flesh and crushing bone, and the heartbeat stopping with a VIOLENT SPLASH.
PAN TO -- slightly slow motion: NO SOUND EXCEPT THE BULLET TEARING INTO IRAQI 7'S KNEE, smashing through bone.
SLOW MOTION: tracer bullets slice across the face of Iraqi 5 and Iraqi 2 in the rear, NO SOUND BUT THE BULLETS BREAKING SLOW MOTION: Archie jams his pistol under the Major's chin and FIRES -- the ONLY SOUND IS THE.
Vig pushes the Humvee's accelerator to the floor.
The Shiite Man In Glasses and his Little Girl cling to the Humvee as they sit on top of the Vuitton hat cases with eight other Shiites, including TWO FIVE YEAR OLDS, A BOY AND GIRL.
REAR OF HUMVEE, SLOW MOTION: half the Shiites hunch down, bracing for an explosion while the other half crane their necks, looking straight up into the sky.
The Hummer drives ten yards, hits the first mine with an explosion and flies into the air -- Flying debris smashes the windshield.
Vig punches Doc in the side of the head.
Chaos.
Iraqi soldiers strip Troy's clothes as he stands in front of Oasis Bunker surrounded only by fortress ruins in the desert.
His clothes are thrown on top of him.
The door is slammed.
He frantically pushes stuff on the floor to block the door.
INTERCUT with bunker: FIRE and CONCRETE EXPLODE into one wall of the bathroom.
Another MORTAR SMASHES through the wall, covers Troy in dust.
Doc and Vig look pissed.
silently destroys Troy's suburban house.
Doc slams in a CD-- TRADITIONAL IRAQI FOLK WAILING PLAYS.
Doc parks, blockading the rear door shut, and, with three Shiite riflemen, jumps out.
Wads of plastic explosive are taped to the grill of the car as it speeds towards the bunker, then drifts to the side -- He jumps up and down and points, but the Infiniti goes far to the side of the bunker and guards point their guns at Vig and the Shiite and they run into the desert as bullets pop around them.
Archie lights a fuse sticking out of the plastic explosive, and drops it into the vent.
An Iraqi helicopter comes in fast and opens FIRE with MACHINE GUNS -- Vig runs toward the bunker for cover, but is cut off by MACHINE GUN FIRE from THE CHOPPER.
The chopper FIRES and one of the Shiites running with Vig is hit in the head, thrown by the force of the gunshot into Vig, who goes down, faking it.
Archie goes down the right side, kicks open a door -- It's the bathroom full of stolen stuff and cell phones -- Doc goes down the left side of the room -- kicks in a door -- a room full of Benneton sweaters in all colors.
It FIRES A GRENADE which EXPLODES next to Archie and Troy.
Archie pretends to throw with nothing in his hand.
The ball hits the ground and EXPLODES.
He pulls out the second ball, cuts another fuse, affixes it.
They bolt out the door, Troy and Archie FIRING pistols, Doc in the middle with the ball.
PAN TO - SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- the ball hits the chopper broadside and THE CHOPPER EXPLODES INTO A BALL OF FIRE.
SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- Vig is hit in the collar bone, ONLY THE SOUND OF THE BULLET SMASHING HIS FLESH AND BONE.
Elsa shuts the door.
Back below, the crowd parts for a troll as old as the Earth.
Over the King's words we...  -The Arendelle castle gates shutting.
-Anna rushes to the hall to see Elsa shut the door to her new room.
The sea rages in a storm.
Breaks it.
We cut between Anna's excitement and Elsa's nerves.
Anna steps cautiously through the door--which hits her frozen butt and knocks her into the center of the shop.
Stalemate.
Oaken slams the door.
He considers, lies back down, pulls his hat over his eyes.
Annoyed, Kristoff offers Sven a carrot.
Anna SCREAMS!
Then she grabs a snowball and throws it at Marshmallow.
They hear an angry ROAR coming closer.
Kristoff passes out and hangs like a rag doll.
The awkwardness is killing him.
TROLLS beat.
He pulls off her cape and hat.
A bunch of trolls give each other kisses.
Elsa snaps out of her rage.
Kristoff takes off his hat and puts it on her head.
He goes to the window and shuts the curtains.
Hans leaves and shuts her in, locking the door.
Anna struggles to the door, yanks on the locked handle.
But not yet satisfied, she turns back and punches him right in the face.
At various points, several BUMS warm their hands at trash-can fires.
Suddenly - SMASH! - the doors burst open from the other side.
The teenage boy lies flat on his back semi-conscious, his eyelids fluttering, his breathing shallow.
The SCREAM continues, a howling horrible sound.
It's him that's screaming.
floor and pushes through the crowd to follow.
The dialogue prompts a more furious effort on the part of the POV camera.
A beat.
A beat.
JP lets the useless gun fall from his hand.
Many books are lying on the sofa, the table, and the floor.
It's tense.
What the hell is going on?
The sounds of confused battle are heard OFF; helicopters, gun- fire, distant explosions, screams of the dying and the wounded Leaves and branches SMACK against the frame as the unseen dreamer rushes confusedly through the dense forest.
A low angry BUZZING.
She's upset.
Pinhead: suddenly animate and furious; eyes wide open, face contorted in frustrated rage, black arms clawing at the air.
Terri fights back, screaming her disbelief and struggling and kicking against him.
Terri throws herself back from the monster's grabbing arms.
Pinhead snarls in frustration, hands clenched in fists of rage.
The door BLASTS open explosively from within.
Is it a bomb?
The Elder Cop gut-punches him and Eddie doubles up.
And the audience screams!
Joey throws her hands to her mouth and screams.
Behind him, instead of her kitchen, is the black space of Hell - like the Torture Rooms in HELLRAISER and HELLBOUND, it is full of shadowy pillars and chains.
She reaches it, throws it open ...  and screams.
She throws that one open ...
Miriam shuts off the penlight and looks at Catherine with professional and personal concern.
He opens his mouth in a silent scream.
She shuts the refrigerator door and we linger on an odd POSTCARD taped to the surface.
Valentine cowers in the back of his cage, hating this.
SNARLING!
Ramsey snaps shut the cell-phone.
Her bare feet try to adjust to the tile floor, but it's fucking cold.
BAM!  FOUR MEN KICK in and proceed through the FRONT DOOR!
Novak is past angry.
As Cooperman shows them out, Henry seals shut the door.
Catherine's eye shuts.
Catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, BUT She brutally grabs Catherine, THROWS her against the wall and SMACKS her head against it.
Catherine drops to the floor like a rag doll.
Guilty.
She prods him.
As Stargher is lifted off the pedestal, the doors HISS shut and Valentine curls up on the floor beneath his master.
Catherine's eyes shut.
The electronic HUM becomes RHYTHMIC, AMBIENT NOISE.. INSIDE THE BOX, staying calm, she searches for and finds a TRAP DOOR on the floor.
Dozens of other such domes are visible in the murky hell-hole, but Catherine has no choice.
The dish slips from her fingers and SHATTERS on the floor.
With a finger to his lips, he pockets the locket and shuts the door.
She POUNDS.
The woman cowers, familiar with his violent moods.
She gives him a supportive touch on the shoulder, exits and shuts the door.
Novak catches only a fleeting glimpse of the monster before Stargher King GRABS him by the throat and SMASHES his head against a pedestal.
Novak shuts his eyes and silently tells himself, Not real.
Stargher King grabs his throat and traces the blade down the center of Novak's torso.
NOVAK SCREAMS!
This fucking hurts!
His throat wounded, bloody mess, he descends out of dark nothingness, HOWLING with rage.
Angry and stunned, she demands of Catherine.
Novak pulls his ID BADGE and smacks it against the glass.
Malcolm stabs the pitchfork into the ground in useless anger; John still grips the axe as he follows his father through the hanging bodies of the noblemen to the back row, to see the one man in commoner's dress, like theirs...
Longshanks' eyes expand in fury; it is frightening to see.
He looks up at his wife, as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and heaves!
Playfully he pokes his finger under the collar of her dress, pulling up the strip of checked cloth he gave her at their wedding, which she now wears hidden around her neck.
He slaps the horse's rump and it plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes.
The Magistrate is a battlescarred veteran, a brutal pragmatist angry with his CORPORAL.
Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falters.
Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
Longshanks slaps his son, knocking him down among the colored balls and wickets.
English LORD DOLECROFT is in command, wearing a hat with a pompous white plume.
Joy explodes on his face, and he runs to her, but stops before he touches her, as if she might evaporate.
They burst into the little clearing; the dogs find a body, stabbed, his throat cut; the dogs plunge their snouts into the gore, yipping wildly.
Their lances are useless and it's too late to stop!
Meanwhile, on the other side of the bridge, Wallace and his charging men slam into the English infantry with wild fury.
With rising desire to join the bandwagon, the nobles spur...  DOWN ON THE PLAIN, Wallace and the attacking men drive the English back, killing as they go.
He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack, parrying, letting his arms be cut.
Then Longshanks unleashes his own hateful fury; he grapples with Edward, knocking the dagger away and hurling him to the floor; then Longshanks kicks his son, again and again.
He exhausts his fury on him.
Wallace and the princess are left alone.
As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into the muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it.
sits up gawking as the door explodes inward and Wallace rides through!
But hatred still glows in his eyes.
The angry, defeated magistrate gives a signal.
The heavy door clangs shut behind him.
It's a DOGFIGHT!
The TECHNICIAN slips the blood sample through a slot in the wall.
He's in a box here.
Then, to the TV, where a CARTOON COMMERCIAL makes raucous noises.
The MOTHER slams down the phone.
Nuts?
He's upset.
A beat.
And SCREAMS.
He shuts the door behind him, leaving her alone.
RAILLY hurries to the door to lock it as BEN says to FALE, The three ACTIVISTS are tied tightly together in the middle of the floor in this dimly-lit, windowless basement.
MALCOLM MASON, being escorted by a phalanx of riot cops through a mob of raging activists.
COLE holds up a clipping showing horrified SENATORS standing on their desks as RATTLESNAKES slither along the Senate Floor.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Then, the trunk swings open and COLE stands in the moonlight, looking down RAILLY is in the trunk, tears of rage and frustration in her eyes.
He slips, falls, and she starts kicking him as she rants hysterically.
PETERS, the red- haired man who insisted to Dr. Railly you didn't have to be insane to think the world was coming to an end.
From littered doorways, DERELICTS sneak peeks at RAILLY as she, seemingly mad, shakes the doorknob, then hammers on the door.
Is he crazy?
COLE sits on the lumpy bed in the dingy room, watching RAILLY pace back and forth like a mad woman.
POLICE OFFICERS, led by the PLAINCLOTHES COP, make a cautious entrance onto the 4th floor, guns drawn.
HIS POV:  the open window... the blood on the floor.
The GARBAGE BAG squirms and grunts as JEFFREY holds a map under a flashlight and goes over "the plan" with the other ACTIVISTS.
CLOSE ON A GORILLA, by moonlight, angry, a true nightmare vision.
Upset.
CLOSE ON COLE, dozing fitfully, as the SOUNDS of SCREAMING BIRDS continue.
Frustrated, JOSE conceals the gun but keeps a grip on COLE'S arm.
COLE accepts the gun this time, resigned now.
ANGLE ON RAILLY, raging as the SECOND SECURITY OFFICER jabs her with his finger.
The SECURITY OFFICER is retrieving a pair of jockey shorts from the floor beside the search table.
The FIRST SECURITY OFFICER tries to stop COLE, but COLE knocks him aside like a rag doll.
We see CLINT BARTON, dressed in black tactical gear, is up on the railings watching them below, Fury calls Barton on his earpiece.
Walks up to Fury.
Loki looks at his spear then suddenly points it at where Fury and Barton are standing and SHOOTS OUT A BLUE EXPLODING LIGHT TOWARDS THEM.
BARTON TACKLES Fury and they both barely miss Loki's fired shot.
Fury is sitting up, pulling out the bullet, breathing heavily.
Suddenly, Hill turns to SHOOT AT BARTON, but Barton is already POINTING HIS GUN at her and starts SHOOTING, he moves the driver's seat of the truck and DRIVES OFF as Hill keeps shooting.
Fury is holding his side, running.
The energy is really brewing a fucking shit storm from the vacuum chamber ceiling.
A drive-by shooting ensues.
Fury races out of the hallway, avoiding falling pipes.
They run out of there like a bat from hell.
Agent Hill figures `fuck it' and SHOOTS her windshield OPENING FIRE on Barton.
But Fury's chopper BARELY makes it out.
From the chopper's door, it slides open and Fury stands there, holding a gun, SHOOTING at Barton's, giving an honoring image of Loki looks at Fury and in a fit of RAGE, points his scepter SHOOTS OUT THE BLUE LIGHT.
Fury, like the boss he is, JUMPS OUT and touches down onto the desert floor.
Fury, coming back to his senses, FIRES at Loki, but they're toofar and too late.
Fury stands there, MIND REELING.
Fury stands there.
LUCHKOV takes the phone, pissed.
HOLY SHIT.
LUCHKOV places the cell phone against Natasha's ear seeing how she's tied to a chair with her hands tied behind her back.
Giving her momentum, she runs at him DROP KICKING him, FALLS DOWN and FLIPS right back up and WRAPS HER LEGS AROUND HIS NECK She grabs LUCHKOV, wraps his leg around with a hanging chain and drops him down the open floor, dangling.
The THUNDEROUS TONE in is voice makes Natasha QUICKLY grab her gun and point it at him, but something is now OFF in the atmosphere.
Somewhere in an old, almost WWII-esque boxing gym, STEVE ROGERS, a man out of time, THE FIRST AVENGER, FUCKIN' CAPTAIN AMERICA is PUMMELING a punching bag.
Steve's rage keeps building as he punches the bag.
Steve opens his eyes and fuckin' tears the bag as the last memory kicks in.
He hooks the bag up and starts punching again.
Fury walks in.
The Hulk roars with fury as he slams a jeep apart.
Without realizing, Banner doesn't notice them walking as he isnervous as hell.
Turns to NICK FURY, who is at the command chair.
Nick Fury turns to Agent Coulson to explain, while Natasha Romanoff eyes an image of Clint Barton on a computer screen.
As the words resonate to the kneeling crowd, an ELDER GERMAN MAN refuses to kneel and stands, heroic.
A machine gun is pointed towards Loki.
What the fuck?
He looks down at his brother, who he thought to be dead and is angry to see him alive in this fashion.
Although Thor is pissed for what he has done, a family is everything to a man or god.
Right back at you, bitch!
THOR brings that hammer down onto the shield and a MASSIVE IMPLOSION OF LIGHT reacts to the vibranium shield creating a MASSIVE IRON MAN stands up, looking around like `holy shit.' Lying right next to him is Cap, who never takes his eye off Thor.
Fury presses a button which OPENS UP a HATCH underneath Loki's cell.
Without seeing, the sounds of GUSTING WIND would make man shit his pants.
Fury closes the hatch.
Fury walks off leaving Loki in his glass cell.
Steve walks in on them, pissed at Tony.
A beat.
I'd say I've expanded his mind.
Fury oversees.
Angry, he looks behind him and looks back into the crate.
Suddenly, Steve drops a HYDRA ASSAULT RIFLE on the table causing Fury, Banner and Tony to turn around.
Cap looks pissed.
Are you more crack...  above or below angry bees?
Threatening!
Back in the lab, the egos of these people keeping rubbing off each other and at any moment, the shit will hit the fan.
BLACK WIDOW and Fury have their hands down to grab their guns.
Steve, Fury, Thor and Tony are thrown across while Natasha and Banner is down in the lower equipment room.
For a man who grew up as a YANK, what the fuck is this!
The HULK SMASHES THE SHIT OUT OF IT.
He SHAKES it off and ANGRILY rips off the TAIL of the jet, TORQUES HIS BODY LIKE A GREEK DISCUS THROWER AND...  HURLS Thor SLIDES and DUCKS under the tail.
To no avail -- he strains with all his might, SCREAMS from the effort, BELLOWING.
Thor grabs his hammer, jumps on him, using the hammer as a lock for his CHOKEHOLD.
Fury FIRES a shot at the open entrance.
Watchful, ready, waiting...  Fury steps out, his GUN drawn.
A SHOOT OUT and HAND-TO-HAND ensues, but Fury is unable to stop one of them, which is why he is shot in the head by Agent Hill, who looks hot and sexy holding her gun.
HULK grabs him by the neck.
Evidently not as they begin SHOOTING at him and throwing grenades.
CAPTAIN AMERICA grabs a NOVESKE RIFLEWORKS DIPLOMAT (big word for big fuckin' gun.) and jumps back up to his position, firing down at them.
The gunfight has gone down, but more of Barton's men enter and are taken by Fury, who is confused as to why they keep coming.
Barton releases a multi-tipped arrow towards Fury, but instead hits his command desk, right above a USB Fury FIRES at Barton, but is already gone.
Thor, in a fit of anger, SLAMS MJOLNIR onto the glass cell.
He is now fucked.
Nick Fury looks on grimly at Coulson.
Fury throws Coulson's CAPTAIN AMERICA TRADING CARDS on the table towards Steve.
A LOUD NOISE SCREECHES.
In anger, Loki GRABS Tony by the throat and FLINGS him across the room.
Loki looks up, angry.
The CHITAURI unleashes BLASTS as it goes, blowing up cars, setting storefronts aflame.
The two battle -- Loki unleashing another pent-up rage and jealousy, Thor having no choice but to defend himself.
A DEEP, PRIMAL RAGE BELLOWS OUT.
From the portal, a FUCKING CHITAURI LEVIATHAN FLIES OUT! Carrying hundreds of SOLDIERS, the CHITAURI LEVIATHAN PASSES OVER the TRIO.
Then...  Loki stabs Thor with a small knife.
THE FIRST AVENGER RUNS LIKE A FUCKING CHEETAH.
They look up at this ridiculous looking man.
Way out of their fucking element.
THROWING THE DEAD CHITAURI SOLDIERS TOWARDS OTHER SOLDIERS.
A BLINDING BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the destruction going on in NEW YORK.
OH SHIT.
Fury presses his screen.
She TIRESOMELY takes it down by cutting its throat.
HULK PUNCHES THOR SELVIG WAKES UP FROM LOKI MIND CONTROL.
It CAPTAIN AMERICA jumps through the window and throws his SHIELD at the CHITAURI BOMBER.
CAPTAIN AMERICA flips over the SOLDIER, grabs his SHIELD and just as the BOMB is about to GO OFF, CHITAURI BOMBER dives for, trying to stop it, but it GOES OFF, sending CAPTAIN AMERICA through the window, landing very hard on a car.
Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the WORLD Fury shuts off his viewscreen.
As Loki looks up, shocked at what just happened, THE HULK IS LEAPING UP AND KICKS LOKI, HURTLING TOWARDS THE GLASS WINDOW.
THOR rides on top of chariot, SMACKING SEVERAL RIDERS with the hammer.
Cap and Thor both throw their respected weapons.
Then...  THE HULK YELLS IN FURY.
THE NOISE STARTLES A beat.
Loki crawls onto the stair, looking like a piece of shit rag doll.
He turns TO FIND THE AVENGERS STARING AT HIM, PISSED.
Fury walks out, towards the bridge.
snaps up and the nose explodes, blood erupting.
And Trinity is moving again -- Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop A head explodes.
The cop begins to scream when a jump kick crushes his windpipe, killing the scream as he falls to the ground.
Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates.
An EL TRAIN RAGES against its metal rails.
She seals his eyes shut with the tape.
In the circular window of the glasses, EXPLOSIONS light up a bloody battle field.
They break up.
He hangs up.
Switch and Apoc stop at the doors.
They weave their way to the back of the bar, the STICKY FLOOR SNAPPING under their FEET.
It BREAKS against the linoleum floor.
The phone flips shut as he jumps up.
Those words stop the others dead in their tracks.
The door to the roof explodes open as heavily-armed rnen rush towards room 1313.
Morpheus stops as the scream is drowned by the REPORT of MACHINE GUNS filling the building with a terrible fury.
Gun smoke thickens the room, Cable blasting and moving until -- The HAMMER CLICKS empty.
He screams as a DOZEN GUNS OPEN FIRE, ripping him apart.
Cops flood the eighth floor, rushing everywhere.
He can hear WHISPERS, HISSES and a GRUNT when -- The WALL suddenly bulges, SHATTER-CRACKING as the Cop realizes -- Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE -- BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box of soot-black space.
They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful of her hair.
Their enemies are waiting for them.
Smith and Morpheus exchange a furious serious of blows that is witnessed but not believed by the surrounding police.
Agent Smith delivers a punishing kick that staggers Morpheus.
The DOOR CLANGS shut.
He stabs the enter command activating the exit sequence and ducks under a BARRAGE of PLASMA FIRE- The PHONE begins to RING as the others crawl in.
Dozer charges, screaming, and the PLASMA RIFLE SCREAMS back.
He stands over the body of Morpheus, as his anger boils up out of him.
He grabs hold of the cable in Apoc's neck, twists it and yanks it out.
He takes hold of the cord when -- She hears an EXPLOSION and a scream.
Tank punches several commands on Morpheus' personal unit.
Rage overtakes her and she starts kicking hin.
He snap cocks an Uzi.
He is becoming angry.
Agent Smith smashes a table.
Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with thought-speed.
The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo twists, bends, ducks just between them.
The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons.
Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach himself but -- The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof like a setting sun -- The coils of slack snap taught -- Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand, grabbing for the rope with the other -- Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us, when his feet hit the rain gutter -- A fulcrum that levers him up just as -- Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER, falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a glass skyscraper.
Agent Smith stares, his face twisted with hate.
The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS, SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.
Agent Smith's face warps with rage and he attacks, fist flying at furious speed, blows and counters, Neo retreating as -- A knife-hand opens his forearm, and a kick sends him slamming back against a steel column.
They fall as the sound and fury of the TRAIN EXPLODES INTO the station.
Neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the escalator -- As the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last car open; Agent Smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his glasses again intact.
A man sits in his Mercedes, talking on his car phone when his door is thrown open.
Neo drops the phone as his car bucks into the opposing lane -- Directly into the charging path of an enormous truck driven by Agent Smith.
The agents chase him, FIRING, BULLETS SPARKING and RICOCHETING even as Neo jumps for the third-floor platform.
305...   304... Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to find -- Agent Sniith, waiting, .45
cocked.
Neo can't move -- can't think -- Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life monitors snap flat-line.
Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.
A sentinel BLOWS a hole in Morpheus' right arm and he screams, refusing to let go of the detonator.
Frustrated, Betty delivers several plates and drops them at tables where the people know her by name.
It's loud.
He motions for her to join him but she remains where she is, fuming.
They pantomime frantically back and forth until Joyce throws him the finger and SLAMS out the door.
She sees her speed and punches the accelerator ...  80 m.
Annoyed, Charlie stuffs the socks back in Del's mouth.
It's still more intense at the entrance: VOICES talking back and forth urgently, POLICE OFFICERS, CIVILIANS, DOCTORS AND NURSES converging.
SECURITY GUARDS draw their guns and scream at him to drop it.
The loading area immediately fills with DOCTORS, NURSES and COPS.
Charlie turns his back to the car and addresses the angry clouds on the horizon.
He mutters to himself.
Wesley explodes.
Rosa stands over Betty, fuming.
Rosa SCREAMS and smacks her hand on the glass as Betty watches.
fuming in her humiliation.
Joyce begins to sob at the side of the trailer as Roy shimmies through the window frame.
Suddenly, Ballard is there, weapon cocked and placed roughly into Roy's privates.
He puts the pistol in his mouth and cocks it.
Charlie reacts at this, throwing his razor into the sink and turning on Wesley.
He turns and slams into the door frame.
When the front door BANGS SHUT allows himself to go back to his shaving.
George McCord, wearing sunglasses and still angry, strides into the lobby.
Wesley is furious.
He breaks it over his knee and throws it in the gutter, then quickly removes the wing nut holding the spare tire.
A KNOCK at the door ruins Charlie's moment.
Charlie slams the door and frisks them, taking a gun and handcuffs from Ballard.
Wesley grabs his shirtfront and slams him to the floor, then with a foot on his neck, he loops Ballard's arms around one leg of the steel aquarium stand and handcuffs him.
Wesley immediately pulls his gun and points it at Roy's head.
Ballard has fucked up again.
Rosa throws herself onto Wesley's back, knocking him to the floor.
Wesley stares in disbelief at the blood rushing out of him.
He slumps to the floor and opens his mouth to scream ...  Charlie opens the bedroom door.
top.location.href=location.href
Several of the seamen have formed a group and are pissing on the sand.
ADA nods and looks up coldly, insulted by his slow loud speaking.
ADA turns to BAINES, her face angry and defiant, her eyes full of tears.
As he gets out of the river HIRA slaps him.
ADA leads her to the door signing to her FLORA is shut out.
ADA pulls the skirt up fractionally so the top other boots are exposed.
He shuts the piano lid forcing ADA to remove her hand.
BLUEBEARD pulls out a cut-out axe and moves towards her.
(Angry to the NEGOTIATOR.)
ADA's mouth falls open, but then she too kicks it and they begin to dribble the mud caked cabbage towards the hut, all the time signing playful insults.
Baines can't play a damn thing.
Birds fly in mad wind-battered courses, swooped up then strangely drawn down.
Two of them give chase while the others insist on tobacco.
(exasperated.)
She stops and begins again.
FLORA walks back through the bush muttering childish expletives to herself.
FLORA pauses petulant and grumpy.
He blinks rapidly BAINES walks roughly towards the door and opens it, his softness turned suddenly cruel.
Gently she pulls his under- garment down, exposing his buttocks.
Squeezing the key in his fist, STEWART staggers off in a daze, He returns, picks up his open pack spilling the nails.
BAINES and HIRA make their way past the Meeting House and the low sleeping houses to the Pa entrance where his horse waits, A crowd of children run beside them, dogs scurry off and pigs are kicked out of the way, their owners protesting loudly.
(Hood.)
Jab, smash, jab, smash Jab, smash, jab, smash The Taniwha, the Taniwba.
By tomorrow I'll be shitting buttons.)
He grabs a glass of Mimosa champagne punch from a passing tray, sips... scowls.
Damn, it works.
Karl comes over, gives his an elder brother's punch on the arm, points out what to do.
It, too, is dead.
The men cock their weapons and brace themselves as the car stops and the elevator doors open.
Frustrated, he watches this, knits his brow.
McClane pauses outside the stairwell door to the 33rd floor, he presses the handle and cracks the door open TO REVEAL a computer floor.
McClane starts to open the stairwell door to the Machine Floor when a NOISE above him gets his attention.
Hans gives them both a look like an annoyed schoolmaster, turns back to Takagi.
He cocks the gun: BANG!!
McClane moves out onto the 31st floor, angry at himself.
McClane watches in disbelief.
As the SOUND OF THE MACHINE GUN FADES he listens and hears another SOUND -- a NOISE coming from the other end of the room near the cubicles.
McClane cocks his Beretta.
Tony fires his machine gun, but McClane kicks him into the desk.
After it's dropped only half a floor, McClane forces the doors open with his fingers -- stopping the car between floors.
Ginny winces, uncomfortable on the floor.
The car speeds up the shaft -- passing the car bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at the machine floor.
He FLINGS a LAMP against a wall, PUNCHES a hole into the plaster.
Tracer bullets rip into the wall behind him.
The big man fires a burst and McClane ducks back stopping at the exterior door to the pump room he used before.
He BLOWS the lock off with a burst from his machine gun and slips into the darkness of the: Coming quickly out of the pump room, McClane picks his way over the same ground as a few minutes before and opens the door to the elevator shaft.
He's OVERHEARD enough of this to realize he's in deep shit.
McClane points his gun downward and waits.
McClane punches out a ceiling vent and drops down into the machine room.
The bullets rip into the table top and the chair, and McClane goes down behind the table.
McClane FIRES TWICE and Heinrich DROPS sprawling in the hallway, machine gun FIRING BLINDLY until he hits the floor.
Shouts -- Now, hearing MACHINE GUN FIRE, Thornburg hangs up the second phone.
Also hating himself, McClane does the same thing.
Mitchell and Robinson watch from behind the cover of a police car as the SWAT officers remove a portable welding torch and begin cutting their way through the locks.
A blast ROARS from the third floor window and the shell hits the armored car.
On the police radio channel we HEAR the screams of men inside.
James hands the shell to Alexander, who expertly loads it into the anti-tank gun.
The explosion, like a firestorm, rips across the floor: The police take cover behind their cars.
McClane is so furious, he's out of breath.
We realize we're on THE HOSTAGE FLOOR, and Hans has just turned on the set out here for his "guests".
As the bullshit continues, Ellis suddenly STANDS, head towards the terrorist "office".
As Fritz shrugs: Karl looks at Ellis and then at Hans, as if to say, let me plug this asshole right now.
He throws open the door to let McClane and the police hear the screams of the hostages.
It's asses and elbows time.
Theo and Kristoff have been rewarded with another LOCK The graphic on his screen flashes:  "WARNING:  ELECTRO-       * As he talks, he essentially PATROLS the floor he's staked out, constantly looking into every dark corner, gun held ready, moving toward the stairwell.
Fritz drags Ellis' body out of the office and throws it on the floor.
Robinson wants Powell to shut up.
McClane FIRES back, killing Fritz.
McClane curses himself, then RETREATS into a: Where he DUCKS and DODGES as bullets ping and ricochet all around him.
Ducking, rolling, he FIRES at: McClane's bullets RAKE his middle, throw him over a desk, his weapon FLYING: He SLIDES right into a glass door.
Karl looks pissed as hell.
He moves towards the door, limping hurriedly out of the room.
Explosives are everywhere.
Karl's weapon clatters on the floor.
He SLAPS her.
As the hostages SQUEAL and SCREAM, McClane snatches up Uli's machine gun, runs out onto the roof.
The helipad EXPLODES!
Wincing as more FLAMING DEBRIS sizzles by, McClane levels the machine gun, KICKS off from the building, SWINGS back ten feet -- reaches the zenith of his arc -- FIRES the gun and sails back in: McClane SMASHES through the shattered glass, SAILS inside, rolls onto the floor, PLOWING through furniture and decor.
McClane is YANKED off his feet, dragged towards the window!
recovers from another AFTERSHOCK, runs up the steps -- is momentarily amazed to HEAR a "ding" from the elevator -- he looks at: where suddenly the WALL EXPLODES OUTWARD as an ENTIRE ELEVATOR CRASHES THROUGH THE WALL, swinging on its cable like a demolition ball on a crane!
The bullet passes right THROUGH Hans, and the WINDOW behind him SPLATTERS with blood and SHATTERS.
Without a beat, Holly PUNCHES HIM in the chops.
Three men are seated around the table; CHARLIE DONOVAN. the manager, PHIL BUTLER, public relations head, JERRY SIMMONS, operations director and LYLE MATTHEWS director of player personnel Donovan taps his pencil impatiently, obviously waiting for somebody.
Dorn is pissed.
He turns to Pepper with a look that says, "Can you believe this shit?"
waiting for a throw at the plate.
The Cabbie pulls to a stop and points to the other side of the street.
The smoke rising from Cerrano's gunpowder explosion sets off the automatic sprinklers in the ceiling.
Hayes takes his lead-off and crouches, ready to steal.
He's plenty upset with himself.
Vaughn comes down to protest, but Pepper quickly grabs him and hurries him off the field.
Lynn is irritated by Janice's directness.
Vaughn stomps around on the mound, obviously upset.
Rexman, slightly irritated, backs out of the box.
We hold on the skirt, nailed to the floor by the cleats.
Finally he bends over and grabs his ankles, while one of his teammates humps up against him, pretending to bugger him.
He jumps up and punches the air with his fist.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Cerrano swings and knocks the crap out of it.
Meanwhile, the CROWD has gone nuts at the sight of Vaughn.
Vaughn goes into his windup and unleashes a screaming bullet toward the plate.
101 on the gun.
The stadium explodes with BOOS, but as soon as Taylor picks himself up, the crowd begins to ROAR again.
A beat.
It hangs there.
A beat; he stares at her, expressionless.
He lies back down.
He GUNS his car after her.
He has punched in He is waiting for a response.
He looks at her, expressionless.
The glass EXPLODES behind them -- a chair comes into the room.
He goes to the TV, shuts it off.
The floor is huge.
She goes towards the men's room.
A hot 19.
She is melting into him now, kissing him...  Tex watches, expressionless... the black guy is gone...  he holds her by the back of the neck, kissing her... their bodies pressed into each other...  his hands are on her butt now, pulling her into him now, almost holding her up now... and then under her skirt, under her panties...  as he kisses her neck.
Right there on the floor.
As Tex watches expressionless.
Atop her...  he kisses her neck... his hands under her, raising her...  he moves down, kisses her breasts... puts his mouth around  a breast...  she arches, moves... he kisses her shoulder...  biting into it... she opens her mouth...  we hear no cry... we hear the Stones.
Roxy watches him, expressionless, from an upstairs window of the house.
A beat.
The Ferrari SCREAMS head-on for him.
She is dead.
She is very angry.
Nick enters and shuts door.
She gives him a look, but punches it in again.
The elevator rises a floor, stops.
It rises to the third floor.
The icepick goes into his neck.
It explodes open.
He is dead.
She moves a hand in a pocket and moves towards him fast -- And he FIRES the gun.
Andrews yells to them from the stairway door.
He hangs up.
He looks at her, expressionless.
Beat.
punches in the course.
The only sound, the PROXIMITY WARNING.
Cooper backs out, allowing the inner airlock door to shut, ECHOING through the ship.
The universal symbol for explosives is on the cover.
The door BLOWS APART as THE WAVE HITS, ripples through the Medical Bay towards Miller... Debris swirls around him...  the wave sweeps him up... SLAMS him into a bulkhead...  the briefest suggestion of a SCREAMING FACE, obscured by STATIC and ROLL before the screen CUTS to static entirely.
His legs are withered, useless things.
Cooper throws the ball at him, hard.
Beat.
Beat.
The PULSE of the ship is loud here, a deep THRUM that steals their breath.
The scalpel drops to the floor at her feet.
The Inner Airlock door control flashes: "LOCKED."
She crosses to him.
Blood fills the X-ray lightboxes, it surges up from gutters in the floor...
She SLAMS the pressure door shut behind her, CUTTING OFF the sound.
Peters SCREAMS at the door.
He turns on her, his face furious...  ...and the POUNDING stops.
The pressure door shuts with a HISS.
Hits it.
DJ puts a tube in the Justin's mouth immediately, feeding him oxygen.
He GASPS, then SCREAMS, spraying blood from his mouth.
She bites through his neck.
Adversaries...
Rifles through it.
His gauge immediately goes to "Yellow - Reserve." Cooper points the full tank away from the Event Horizon and The blast of pressurized air pushes him towards the ship, leaving the wreckage of the Lewis and Clark behind.
Weir takes a step towards the window, raises the gun to fire again.
Before Weir can fire, the window EXPLODES outward.
Miller pulls himself through the door as it begins to shut.
The door continues to shut.
Miller YELLS and rips a compressor from its mount, wedges it in the door to keep it open.
The door slides shut with a dull THUNK.
THUMP.
THUMP.
The glass BURSTS in an EXPLOSION OF BLOOD...
The Burning Man YELLS and raises his arm in accusation...  ...and FIRE RACES OUT FROM BEHIND HIM, flowing over the walls, the ceiling, the floor, racing for Miller like a rising tide...  Miller runs.
The fire is faster, flooding in behind him.
It's still open by a fraction when the fire hits it...  ...SENDING A LANCE OF FLAME stabbing out towards Miller.
The coolant STEAMS and SIZZLES at his feet.
SMASHES Miller to the floor with a single blow.
The EXPLOSION knocks Starck and Cooper down.
The doctor pulls the door shut behind him.
After thinking for a moment, she tries a couple of ways of whistling as loud as she can, but frustrated and feeling foolish, she soon gives up.
The houseboy stops before a door at the top of the staircase and raps lightly on it with his knuckles.
The door swings shut behind him, plunging the room back into darkness.
He gives a look as if to say, "Jesus, what a fuckin' weirdo".
They glare at each other.
The longer Duncan sits there without moving, without saying anything, the angrier Bill gets.
He grabs Duncan and, half dragging, hurries him out the back door and throws him into the alley where Duncan falls in a heap.
Clifford stops him.
Duncan stops.
Clifford knocks on the door.
He stops at Cheater's table and shakes him hard.
Cheater sits up and starts to pull himself together.
The maintenance man turns and sees Cheater stretched out again on the table.
He pulls Cheater off the table and pushes him to the door.
He straightens his rags indignantly, then looks at Duncan and grins.
She swears under her breath and angrily slams the closet door shut.
The bottle comes back to Cheater, three-quarters down.
He grabs the doorknob and heaves himself against the door.
It's bolted shut.
O.S. we hear the angry sizzle of coffee spilling onto the hot stove, as Tracy goes to get it.
The bolt slips and the door is securely shut.
Duncan turns to see Cheater elatedly hobbling up to him.
Duncan enters the mission and Cheater stands out on the sidewalk for a moment, bitterly frustrated.
Clifford turns, sees Cheater.
He has no choice but to climb them, higher and higher, the sound of Clifford's angry footsteps always coming up behind him.
CLOSE UP on a section of a newspaper lying in the gutter.
Over this action...
Jill screams and falls to the floor.
Jill quietly pulls the door shut, and Policeman #2 walks back up the hallway.
At one table, three OFFICERS are playing bridge.
He pulls a card from his hand and throws it down.
Garber hastily picks up his card and throws down another.
Garber throws down another card.
Garber throws down his cards.
Jill unscrews the burned-out bulb from its socket and throws it in the trash.
On the narrow strip of floor between the bed and the wall lies John.
top.location.href=location.href
The MEN doff their hats and mop their brows.
In the audience, one man YELLS "Lock up the commie bastards!," and a few others cheer and laugh.
Peter stands, stubs out his smoke, drops a few crumpled bills on the bar and grabs his hat.
Pete's preoccupied with putting on his hat and getting his car keys out of his coat pocket, a daunting task in his condition.
Pete is asleep in the driver's seat, head tilted back, his hat covering his face, snoring.
Pete drives along the moonlit two-lane blacktop.
He takes off his hat and jams it down in the back seat.
The sheriff stops.
Beat.
Beat.
Luke is about to swing shut the heavy door, when he looks down and sees shoot into the lobby, stopping in the middle of the floor.
Luke moves to the door and knocks.
There's an insistent KNOCK at the door.
Clyde's SECRETARY knocks on the door, sticks her head in.
They stop, shuck off their hats.
Mrs. Terwilliger stops playing, annoyed.
Disillusionment.
Betrayal.
Rory moves to the door, and is about to put his key in the lock, when Lottie starts whining, looking toward the fog bank and sniffing the air expectantly.
Lottie's barking gets LOUDER and angrier.
Suddenly, a large black car punches out of the fog bank and tears down the road.
There's a knock at the door.
At the door, a pair of PHOTOGRAPHERS and a NEWSREEL CAMERAMAN are jockeying for position.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Pete takes off his hat and nervously scratches his head.
Leo shuts the door and calls after him, waving Pete's hat.
Pete comes back and takes his hat.
She seems to be driving with that excess care of one who does not wish to be stopped for a minor traffic irregularity.
With a self-angry sigh of resignment, she goes to a close car, looks at it.
Impatience and anger rise in Mary.
He stops short, looks at her, then at the umbrella hanging useless in his hand, then back to her.
In a moment there is the SOUND of the house's front door slamming shut.
Then he goes to the car trunk, raises it with his foot, throws the suitcase and the pail into it, slams it shut.
Norman jumps away, slams the door shut, stands tense.
The door to his mother's room is closed.
Arbogast gradually eases the door closed, stands against it, waiting.
Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, call him "liar."
She turns, frustrated, anxious.
The door on her right, which opens into the mother's room, is closed.
Norman's face is no longer expressionless.
And Lila's scream is joined by another scream, a more dreadful, horrifying scream which comes from the door behind her.
She is dumb-struck.
The wild fury in Norman's face, the mad noise of his screams and vile curses.
Over the shot, the SOUNDS of the struggle, the screams of Norman.
Wrong again.
He's distracted.
stands sullenly as his Father rages at him.
Zim knocks him flat.
throws a knife, buries the point in a narrow post.
Zim throws, sticks his hand to the post.
blasts past a DESTROYER orbiting in dock, zips between CORVETTES and other slower fleet traffic in the crowded space lanes of Luna.
Johnny shuts the handcam off.
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
CRACK !
Deladier arrives on the bridge, now crowded as other FLIGHT OFFICERS rush to their stations.
Johnny's mother makes a face to shut him up.
She lloks graet in uniform with the hat and the lieutenant's bars on her shoulders.
Zander takes off his hat.
Johnny punches him right in the nose.
Carmen looks at Johnny, the hate in his eye, the blood on his fist.
The insect screams.
they're hit.
THOUSANDS OF BUGS boil out of the ground to defend against the invader.
He fights, screaming.
Bug parts fly as insects swarm in for the kill.
Bugs scream as they twist and kick in the wall of flame.
boil out of the ground.
The big bug explodes.
The plasma bug explodes in its cauldron.
A blast of bug plasma streaks past them towards the heavens.
It's his former student Carl Jenkins, now a Colonel, weary and pissed off.
Rasczak slams the door shut on them.
Rasczak fires, killing Gillespie.
Roughnecks engage in the sport of methodically killing the workers.
Rasczak stops screaming.
Blood sprays from a deep gash in her neck.
The rear section explodes, the forward section begins to burn towards the bridge.
Carmen fires a burst and kills it.
The Roughnecks open fire at the charging bug horde.
Johnny starts for the gaping mouth of an exposed bug tunnel and the others fall in behind him.
The moaning turns to SCREAMING.
A thorn-like PALP unfolds out of the brain bug and strikes, driving deep into Deladier's head and sucks her brains out.
The fight is furious, point blank, deadly to bug and Roughneck alike.
A subterrenean nuclear explosion blows a column of earth and stone into the air.
Agent Janus SCREAMS.
Kay pulls the car to a stop.
This pisses Edwards off.
Kay looks at Jeebs, pissed off.
Hot.
The elevator doors slide shut.
In the middle of the tile floor, there is an unused table.
THE ORKIN MAN'S CAR KEYS drop to the garage floor, and Edgar picks them up.
Inside the elevator, the doors WHOOSH shut, KAY turns a key in a certain floor number, and the descent begins.
AT A STORAGE CAGE, Kay turns a key in the lock of a caged-in area and throws the door open.
Above it, on the shelf, a BLACK HAT and a pair of BLACK SUNGLASSES.
The hat comes off the shelf.
He's getting annoyed.
They get in and slam the doors.
Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS again.
He falls, flat on his back in the dirt, the multi-tentacled lizardlike baby resting squarely on his chest.
Carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly places the cat on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to his distinctive shop.
Immediately, ROSENBERG'S CAT jumps on top of it.
The Woman SCREAMS.
There are SHOUTS of outrage, a few MEN rise out of their seats.
The doors of the wagon SLAM shut.
The words split in half as the stretcher BANGS through the doors.
He BELLOWS in rage and hurls the box against the side of the van, where it finally CRACKS a hinge.
Kay pulls out another weapon, the TINIEST GUN WE'VE EVER SEEN.
They stop at the smashed door of the jewelry shop and exchange a glance.
Before Edgar can shoot, Jay YELLS...
It's as if Laurel is sucked into another universe.
LAUREL SLAMS into a wall on one side of the morgue, thrown there by EDGAR.
He leans in, close, furious.
From inside the morgue, Laurel SCREAMS.
Edgar just cranks the car into gear -- opening his mouth and swallowing the icon -- and in so doing revealing a TRIPLE ROW OF SERRATED BUG-TEETH, he SLAMS HIS FOOT on the gas pedal.
Kay's car hurtles toward certain death in the traffic jam, but at the last possible moment it swerves off to the side, a SUCKING SOUND coming from underneath it.
The Bug straightens up to its full height and throws his head back.
Kay slides down the Bug's throat, bending it sideways as he kicks and SCREAMS his way down into its abdomen.
In frustration, Jay screams and throws himself on the Bug, hanging onto its back, trying to drag it down.
CRUNCH.
ON THE BUG as he flinches on the ladder -- he hates that sound.
CRUNCH!
CRUNCH.
Jay is pissed and starts in on Kay.
As they argue, behind them, unseen, THE FRONT HALF OF THE BUG RAISES ITSELF UP on its forearms, eyes gleaming with hate, jaws dripping -- ready to lower itself onto Kay and Jay.
She exposes her taut midriff.
He nods toward JULIE, who's at the open bar grabbing two glasses of punch.
STU SCREAMS.
The BOY begins to SOB softly.
Behind her, the TELEPHONE POLE that the car slammed into is beginning to TEETER.
STU SCREAMS, shakes them off, and RUNS.
Above the door, an ANIMATED NEON SIGN shows a happy boozer lifting his martini glass, then falling over flat on his back, at which point his eyes are replaced by the traditional cartoon X's.
BULL glowers at him, snorting STEAM out of both nostrils.
BULL and JUMBO rear back to PUNCH STU'S LIGHTS OUT.
STU SCREAMS.
The sound of the key in the lock is met by INSANE BARKING.
Pissed off, she SHAKES her FIST at MONKEYBONE and pulls the lid of her clamshell SHUT.
STU LUNGES at MONKEYBONE - who JUMPS OVER HIM, BOUNDS off the edge of the table, and grabs hold of a CHANDELIER.
The ball hits the REAPER smack on the head, knocking him off his bike!
He grins and shrugs: what the hell.
An angry CYCLOPS elbows him aside.
COMATOSE STU stands in the center of the room, UPRIGHT and IMMOBILE in a party hat.
Yet all around him, DARKTOWNERS are cackling their heads off, growling, howling, punching their fists in the air like rowdy drunks at a football game.
The noise is irritating, so a REAPER on the inside snaps the venetian blinds shut, cutting off our view.
Dead souls take the form of PERFORATED PAPER DOLLS... two-dimensional, underwear-clad, usually wearing expressions of shock.
DEATH lets out a great rattling BELLOW OF RAGE.
Before they know it, they're pedaling directly TOWARD the mob of ANGRY REAPERS!! STU jerks the handlebars HARD RIGHT and JUMPS THE TRACK he's on.
Trailing black fumes, the BICYCLE RISES!
He flips it...
The poor dog is stuck behind an accordion gate in the hall, going crazy, trying to warn his mistress about the imposter in STU's body.
Then, with a what-the-hell twinkle, he steps out and FLINGS HIS SWEATY HANKIE into the midst of the GROUPIES.
He winds up - throws a ROUNDHOUSE PUNCH at STU-BONE'S FACE.
ANGRY NEIGHBORS poke their heads out the windows.
An angry HYPNOS slams down the phone and storms across the dance floor to his big circular bed.
SCREAMS ALL AROUND as the ORGAN DONOR sits BOLT UPRIGHT!
The dog looks up, cocks his head - and begins WAGGING HIS TAIL.
Behind him, BUSTER is throwing a fit - barking, FLINGING himself at the screen door.
BUSTER throws everything he's got at the door - and it gives!
He turns suddenly - GRABS THE BAT from the puzzled BABE - He wails on the pinata like Ken Griffey Jr. O.D. STU tries to stop him, but it's too late - the pinata BURSTS, and hundreds of PURPLE-ASSED MONKEYBONE DOLLS spill out onto the ground!
A SERVER ladles out a cup of PUNCH from a big silver PUNCHBOWL.
Bystanding GUESTS are DRENCHED in punch as the punch bowl FLIES END OVER END...  ...and, with the sound of a GONG being struck, BEANS a member of the SURGICAL TEAM from behind!! Naturally it's the guy who's lugging the ICE CHEST full of O.D. STU's organs.
The cop's shot hits the giant MONKEYBONE BALLOON smack in the ass.
A FIFTY-FOOT WARRIOR clad in JAPANESE CEREMONIAL ARMOR, he TOWERS over Dark Town, so mighty and enormous that he can wear the E-TICKET RIDE as a hat!! STU lands a HAYMAKER, and the two of them break loose of each other - - LANDING in the upturned palms of the COLOSSUS!
The idiot pile of sleepy dragons.
Thompson, his hat in his hand, is standing before her.
Thatcher puts on his hat.
Bernstein, fifty, is waiting anxiously with a little group of Kane's hirelings, most of them in evening dress with overcoats and hats.
He is in white tie, wearing his overcoat and carrying a folded opera hat.
In the window of the saloon is a large sign or poster "REMEMBER INSERT:  Remington drawing of American boys, similar to the parade above, in which "Our Boys" in the expeditionary hats are seen marching off to war.
The wooden floor of the railroad platform again - a bundle of "Enquirers" - this time an enormous bundle - is thrown down, and the moving shadows of the train behind the camera indicate that it is going like a bat out of hell.
The entire newspaper is crushed with an angry gesture and thrown down into an expensive-looking wastebasket (which is primarily for ticker tape.)
Before him rages a terrific tenement fire.
The door is opened and a condemned man, with priest, warden and the usual attendants, moves into foreground and starts up the hall past a group which includes phtographers, Kane's sob- sister, and Kane.
The whole thing is bundled up and thrown into a garbage can.
The whole floor is now a City Room.
The band and the chorus girls enter and hell breaks loose all around Leland and Bernstein.
This stops Bernstein.
Screaming headline: OIL SCANDAL!
An angry crowd seen from the window of Kane's office.
A rock is thrown.
He starts to work himself into a rage.
Kane is trembling with rage as he shakes his fist at Rogers's back.
She walks a few steps towards the middle of the block, and can stand it no longer.
Matisti stops.
Beyond that, out in the darkness - an apprehensive conductor struggles with his task of coordinating an orchestra and an incompetent singer.
Susan shoots him an angry glance.
She is very angry.
She shivers.
Raymond locks the door and comes to his side.
Raymond ushes Thompson into The magnificent tapestries, candelabra, etc., are still there, but now several large packing cases are piled against the walls, some broken open, some shut and a number of objects, great and small, are piled pell mell all over the place.
One of the Men LOCKS the door.
Nowhere to run, he races into the farthest stall and SLAMS the door.
Sighing, Max unlocks Doug from the pipe, hauling him up and slamming into the wall as he cuffs his hands behind his back.
He stops at a door.
Max smiles and nods, but his eyes give him away as a liar: The Detective steals a look at Max as Adams shuts his door.
Natasha explodes out of the bed, springing up naked in front of Max - shoulders heaving with rage, eyes wild black holes.
The air echoes with angry VOICES, LAUGHTER and SCREAMS.
Max glances back at the path and finds himself facing a wall of angry cops.
Christa steps towards Max, teeth gritted with powerless rage.
Still fuming from the encounter with Bravura, Max watches the numbers over the door fall.
The doors LURCH shut.
Max stops at a door marked `ALEX HILLMAN.'    It's locked.
One by one, the detectives climb to their feet, expressions showing outrage and anger.
SHOUTS and BANGS ring through the door.
An impact sends CRACKS splitting up the length of the door... Two detectives throw their shoulders into the door.
A louder, longer KNOCK.
A muted SCREAM filters through the door, cutting her short.
The bat CUTS through the air, SMASHING open glass pipes in the wall behind Max, the shards raining down over him...
A trespasser.
Glass smashed.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
Hell.
Bravura and the Young Cop stand on the spot where he fought Max the night before - disturbed snow, the frayed cord...  Bravura nods at the bullshit, focus drawn to Max's locker.
His nose is smashed flat.
Bravura snaps his phone shut, trying to regulate his breath.
A BURST of machine gun fire POUNDS the floor in front of Max's feet.
The door pulls shut behind him.
He pulls the door shut.
Helplessly watching it slip away, Max SCREAMS with rage...  Outside, no voice could carry on that raging WIND.
rumbles in.
BB looks annoyed that he's not getting a reaction out of him.
Max's head snaps up, eyes simmering with rage.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
It's hopeless; he immediately begins to sink again.
Max raises one of the guard's machine guns and OPENS FIRE.
Slugs ricocheting, BB and Salle struggle to shut the doors.
From Max's POV: as the elevator doors slam shut, a glimpse of BB's face stretching and distorting into a demonic grin...  BB and Salle watch the floor number rise.
The elevator opens and BB steps out, snapping his phone shut.
Suddenly the woman grabs up the child with a little sob, turns and runs away.
It is a delicately-made tubular telescope, badly smashed.
Reluctantly Harley has picked up his hat and brief case.
Harley has paused to watch as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The nurse pauses as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The boys are calling out the extras: "Police under fire!" "Army put in charge!" "Space man still at large!" etc.
And he disappears, leaving Hilda to glare after him in impotent rage.
The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leave with Klaatu as Helen enters.
The lieutenant shifts in his chair, annoyed that he has to deal with this madman.
A man about forty-five, bloodied and badly beaten, is being supported and half-carried by two policemen.
Why did Mr. Carpenter lie to him?
Tom is knocking softly at Klaatu's door.
with traffic stalled.
Hilda flings him a questioning look, annoyed that he won't share her excitement.
He is dead.
shooting from the door.
The three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming cars with the chopped-up occupants and take the gym bag full of cash.
Both steel doors EXPLODE as if their molecular structure, itself, disintegrated from one BLAST of Tubbs M-40 grenade- launcher firing a canister of ball bearings like a king-size shotgun on steroids as...  react, but Crockett draws down on one with an AK-47.
Tubbs fires the M-40 at a third boat, which explodes flame, followed by...  destroy the smuggler's Strykers, which we saw in Fujima's video.
Men stop them and frisk them.
Yero's furious.
Crockett stops.
The room is overtly destroyed.
stop the caravan.
break up.
Tubbs punches in numbers.
It means get the fuck out of there right now! Gina ends the call, drops to the floor to the wall, kills the lights, holds her Sig .9mm at her side as she moves deeper into the interior...  Close on their two faces.
They want their words buried under noise...  discreetly at the door, watching the street.
Crockett pushes the money towards the Campesinos.
Crockett insists.
Everybody shuts up.
Gina cocks her ear, waiting to hear...
He hangs up.
Isabella punches numbers into a satellite phone.
reacts to knock on the door.
He struggles.
Standoff.
Screaming, Son's ruined wrist, Tubbs took the knife, and as the Aryan Brother swings the bat...  ducks the bat.
Tubbs slams the knife twice into the man's slide, doubling him up, leaving the AB Brother to crawl, bleeding, with a 10-inch butcher knife through his kidney into his right lung...   AND Tubbs' gun in his left hand has never moved off-target of the Aryan brother with the detonator in his hand the whole time until right now:  he snaps a ROUND into the wounded Aryan Brother's head.
Dead.
But...  runs from cover into the clear with her handgun firing at the crazy whites, furious at the betrayal by Yero.
It's insane.
Crockett stops.
Incredulous.
She slams him in the face with a closed fist.
Jaeger jumps down from the machine gun pissed as all hell.
They shut up and ride.
Epps punches it, and the Hummer takes off.
Epps yells at Jaeger.
Waiting...  Closer... EPPS FIRES!
You know the story:  Huge explosion, car parts flying a hundred feet into the air, bodies whipping through space, stuff Bob Dole would hate.
To Jaeger, Epps ask: Jaeger fires it up, and pulls out.
Epps, Jaeger and Wes all ride along in an angry silence.
Epps stops.
After a beat Epps screams for him.
Wes gets a slow boil on.
Jaeger's body jerks violently backward as he gets the air punched out of him.
His feet just clear the outer edge of the fireball, but still get licked and burned by flames before he slams to the ground several feet from the explosion.
Epps stops dead in his tracks.
Epps cocks an ear to the air and listens.
Our three press themselves up against the rock walls and suck air.
Epps has had enough of this shit.
Three Iraqis are inside, weapons trained on our targets.
One of them grabs it up and is about to throw it back out of the gunship.
The grenade explodes in the Iraqi's hand killing him instantly.
The lantern punches a hole through the darkness as Epps uses it like a machete to blaze a trial.
Wes yells down.
Epps yells up.
Wes goes on the boil.
Wes, still on the ground, fumes.
Epps gives an expression that screams:  What the hell are you talking about?
Wes yells down at the Iraqi.
Epps grabs it, and throws a punch.
Epps stops, and puts his pack down.
He turns to Jaeger and vents what anger he can.
Immediately he sinks to waist level.
He screams to Jaeger and Wes.
He yells for the shack: Before Epps can even finish getting the word out machine gun fire erupts from the house and burns towards Epps and Jaeger.
At the top of his lungs Jaeger starts yelling: Just as quickly as it began the shooting stops.
With the muzzle of his gun he pulls it open a crack and peers out.
EPPS MARCHES WES OUTSIDE THE TENT, stopping momentarily to grab up his pack with his free hand.
The Shi'ite just stands there for a beat looking at the three men, then suddenly explodes in screams.
It's amazing what you can do when a bunch of angry Shi'ites are chasing you.
The bullets fly fast and furious swarming all around our boys.
Jaeger yells over to Epps.
They swing down on the far end of the highway, engines roaring like angry lions.
The huge shells rip a bloody path, shredding cars and trucks, igniting explosions, straight towards the car with Epps, Jaeger and the driver.
It sets off a series of violent explosions that knocks Jaeger off his feet.
He looks to Epps like let's get the hell out of here.
The tug is kicking up a foaming wake as it pulls the Chimera along behind it.
A beat.
A beat.
A pair of woman's shoes lie on the floor.
A pair of slippers lie on the floor beside a chair, over which is draped a woman's robe.
Greer is lying supine on the floor.
Murphy opens the door, stopping dead in his tracks.
A beat.
He stops, holding there.
A beat.
He begins pulling out the hoses and wires, grabbing at them, yanking them loose, breaking them off.
A boot punches through a rotten wood hull.
A beat.
Epps comes to the 2nd officer's door, knocks.
She lies back, not sleepy.
A beat.
A beat.
She throws down the radio.
He raises a fist to ram into her face when WHAM! Epps has shoved the butt of her flashlight into his crotch and he comes up SCREAMING.
He SCREAMS.
Murphy slams the door shut as Epps looks on.
A WOMAN SCREAMS, and is cut off when a door slams shut.
The DISTANT MUSIC HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH INDISCERNIBLE SHOUTING, as of someone commandeering the microphone somewhere As she walks, she passes an open door where several CREWMEN fight over a steamer trunk, which breaks open, scattering the contents.
The steward looks up, reaches over and slams the door shut.
He is on his knees, hands tied behind his back as he is forced to watch from the foot of the bed.
The CLANG FROM THE VENT SOUNDS HERE and Murphy stops.
The rivets are springing out of the hull like machine gun fire when the steel plate of the hull gives way, A MASSIVE CRAG OF ROCK SMASHING THROUGH Epps ducks for cover as the crag tears a diagonal line through the Chimera's hull like a jagged claw through paper in a The Chimera is impaled broadside by a particularly devious rock promontory of a small island.
He frantically grabs for something to hold on to, without success, until he is finally pulled into the smoke stack and sucked into the bowels of the ship by the rushing water.
A padded wall is papered with NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS that date back to the early 1900s: "LOCAL FOWLER BROTHERS LOSE $35 TICKETS TO BOARD TITANIC" appears over "FOWLER BROTHERS KILLED IN COAL MINE MISHAP."
Another series of articles reads, "JEWISH PROFESSOR DENIED ADMITTANCE TO HINDENBURG" and "PROFESSOR RABINOWITZ KILLED IN AVALANCHE."
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak."
Kimberly merging into traffic, NEARLY COLLIDES with a speeding yellow mini- bus carrying a high- school football team.
Kimberly pulls around the mini-bus as rowdy football players tackle each other, yelling: Kimberly flicks on the radio and we hear HIGHWAY TO HELL by AC/DC at earsplitting volume.
Evan, pissed off, flips off Frankie.
He is trapped in his burning car, screaming and trying to release the seatbelt.
Freaking.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go", "Fucking freak."
Freaking.
The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from the speakers.
Officer Thomas Burke stops the car behind them.
Detective Suby looks pissed o ff.
Evan places the TV by the door, looks at his torn shirt, but fuck it, who cares; he's on a natural high.
Evan recoils, throws open the window and throws the grease to the sidewalk five stories below.
In the GARBAGE DISPOSAL.
The window slams SHUT!
He has no choice but to smash the kitchenette window with the fire extinguisher to get to the fire escape.
He runs down the fire escape from floor to floor.
Kimberly sits upright in bed and sees the WINDOW IS SHUT.
Kimberly watches carefully as the Physician comes to a door and punches "4514" into the electronic lock.
The Physician punches in another code.
The door SLAMS.
Thomas expertly skids into a U-turn.
CREEEAAAK -SLAM!
Horrible.
Clear shakes her head by the shoulders and barks commands like an angry drill sergeant.
He makes a fist, is about to knock - when the DOOR FLINGS OPEN and a ROTTWEILER LUNGES for his throat - only to have its collar snagged at the last second by its owner - JORGE CRUZ, late 30's, handsome, cocky.
The hatred is mutual.
Isabella hangs up, recoiling at VIOLENT THUMPS against her wall.
Nora looks up, anger surfacing.
Eugene and Nora get inside, standing in front of a gaunt looking man holding a cardboard box full of MUZAK plays AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL.
He SCREAMS, CLAWS AND POUNDS, desperate to escape the elevator.
A SPORTS CAR speeds past on the left, then as it pulls in front of the Exped ition, its slipstream sucks over some debris from the shoulder; a thin metal piece of trim, which bounces in front of Kat's Expedition's left front tire.
Isabella, pissed, is in a holding tank.
As she fumes, a rivulet of WATER streaks down her leg.
It sends rubber flying and the entire SUV pulls hard to the left, spinning her out of control into the oncoming lane of traffic - toward the White Van! Isabella SCREAMS! Steve jerks the wheel to the left!
Isabella SCREAMS, in pain, not fear.
Just as the Expedition comes to a stop, an IRRIGATION PIPE ROCKETS through the rear window -- miraculously missing Clear and Rory -- coming to a rest just behind Kat's head.
Shit.
Kimberly unbuckles her seatbelt and floors it.
And STINGS!
There is SCREAMING all around.
The Orderly smacks his forehead - shit.
Quick as shit.
And behind him, the unmarks blaze ... Guns his bitch...  Straight at the roadblock .. Three CRUISERS and a PORTABLE WOODEN BARRICADE...  Memphis pins her ... ZOOOOOM!
And HURLS THE BRICK AT THE WINDOW Which EXPLODES ON IMPACT, a SHOWER OF GLASS raining down ...  As Kip walks into the showroom, glass crunching underfoot.
The alarm raging in here... In moments, the V8's massive 349bhp is bellowing...
And he's sitting on a tilted back chair, and wall-bouncing the ball and annoying the piss out of whom we remember from the drop-car at our opening ... Atley walks with a LIMP now...  Thunk!
Kip floors it.
The CHOPPER does the usual spotlight-trailing...  It's turned into a total pig circus ... A car pulls to a stop ...
A Richard Widmark motherfucker - with the diamond hard look of a cobra.
Calitri grins ...  Nods to Digger an Butz, who go back to work... Memphis' look is cold and furious ...  Plaintive: Atley hits the wall-switch and the steel door slides shut.
He looks slightly ridiculous...  Throughout the scene, Memphis should be studying Kip, as if he's seeing him for the very first time ...
And Otto goes back to the Camaro ... To finish his work...  Otto looks up frustrated... To Junie And Junie hits PLAY on a cassette deck ...  And, instantly, ENGINE SOUNDS rip from the shop's stereo speakers ... Otto listens, as if it were a Mahler symphony...  Memphis smiles ...
These eccentricities are old hat...  Otto has finished the Camaro ...
Sawdust on the floor.
Memphis picks up the broken bag ...  Sticks it in the trunk ... Puts the golf clubs in on top of it ...  Slams the trunk.
Only there's still a neat MOUNTAIN OF SMACK ON THE FLOOR by the rear of the Caddy ...  But there's no time...
Castlebeck looks at Otto...  Otto grins... Castlebeck walks around the garage...  Taking it all in... Castlebeck notes the Caddy ...  ANGLE - the mound of heroin on the floor ... Castlebeck takes out a WALKIE ...  Barks into it ...
And he walks out of the house, door slamming behind him.
A MAID comes in with a tray of tea service ...  The maid crosses the Judge's line of sight... Watch as he curses her out, his face going beet red with fury...  Sway looks at Memphis ...
She shuts off the taps ... Towels her hands...
An expansive warehouse surrounded by chain-link fence ... Enormous SHIPPING CONTAINERS are here, in which the stolen cars will be stored.
But he's stopped the car...
And they pull in to Where Mirror Man is still struggling with the lock, his drills and punches, scattered about ... only The Sphinx shoves him aside ...  Pulls the GUN from his holster and BLANG! blasts open the lock... Mirror Man stares at the opened door ...
With urgency... Phones ringing like mad...  Drycoff walks into Castlebeck's office...
And the car has rocketed off... Memphis punches the gas,'sending Sway to the floor...  PRE-LAP Alice Cooper's "Under My Wheels" and SLAM CUT TO: CLOSE UP OF THE "SNAKE" LICENSE PLATE as its ass-end fishtails like a bastard...
And he SLAMS OPEN THE DOOR...  catching the kid in the balls ...
He hangs up.
And Kip punches the gas ...
The security guards run for her...  Kip, forehead bloodied, switches places with Toby, getting behind the wheel ... Punches the gas ...  Getting them out of there ... Kip drives like a wild man ...  Toby is bleeding something fierce... Shot in the chest...  Kip looks at Tumbler ... They both look at Toby...
As the 'Vette comes screaming into the warehouse ... Kip exploding out of it ...  Getting into the back.
Kip begins to sob.
Holy shit!
And try to get out of each other's way... Fenders crunch ...  Cops curse.
A mad mouse in a maze ... INT.
And punches the gas ...  Going right at Castlebeck and the others ... Smashing through the squad cars ...
He opens her up... Full throttle ...  The chopper above him ... The gang is watching on the TV...  Freaking out ... ANGLE - KIP.
But he' s driving too close to the shoulder, and he SMASHES INTO A LIGHT POLE -- !
Memphis' foot SLAMS ON Eleanor's pedal ...  SMASHING THROUGH THE ROADBLOCK... Cars and cops flying ...
And the Dispatch guy is getting pissed.
On Route 33.
He shuts off the radio ...
He punches the gas... Ripping down to the accident site...  Heading straight for it ...
He senses something and turns to has driven up in the smashed-to-shit Eleanor ...
And she is smashed-to-shit.
And the van doors slam, as Digger and Butz, Calitri's grave-diggers, get out ...  Atley goes to the unconscious Calitri ...
A vast expanse of trash and garbage and layers of earth.
A POUNDING.
In a mad act he breaks cover and         * runs down toward the departing boats.
He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them.
Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him.
Hector bends low and starts to waft expertly         * and blow at the fire's remains.
Hermas tetchily stops him.
He is careful not to disturb the sleeping forms lying all around him, some of them sprawled on the floor.
Lucinnius begins to sob, at first quietly, then more loudly and more pathetically.
Lucinnius crumples to the floor and squats on his knees.
He helps Lucinnius lie out on the marble floor.
He throws     the knife down.
Their efforts are useless.
* An OFFICER comes into the room.
He throws down his knife and cheese, lying down with her on the grass.
Before he can protest she has moved off.
Hector    does so.
The raft is in the full rage of the surf.
She refuses his help.
Others       are following them, discharging MUSKETS, shouting      for the DESERTERS to stop.
Is he being fucked with?
Outside, Johns has an ear cocked to the wind.
FURIOUS CLOSEUPS: Zeke fighting for his life.
She hauls him off -- only to have Shazza start punching Riddick.
She strips the goggles off.
Broken.
A beat.
A beat.
Behind his back...  Audrey and Pilgrim #3 (the youngest Chrislam.)
It EXPLODES WITH LIFE.
He slams the door, MUMBLES A BLESSING and waits for the storm to pass.
Riddick accepts it awkwardly, sucks down some pure O2.
The door slams closed.
RIDDICK'S POV: Of dead hatchlings on the floor.
Over-running with piss.
The CLICKING STOPS.
She wants to protest -- but can't.
Riddick stops.
Fucking with him, Riddick starts poking and jabbing, backing him up against the wail of dark.
More spattering.
It's like looking into a bucket of angry eels.
He keeps his mouth shut.
She's exposed.
They flail on.
Daring him to run her over.
She gets a knee on his neck.
And just when we think it's over for Riddick -- TERRIBLE SCREAMS are heard from both man and predator: There's a helluva fight going on out there.
Beat.
But touch him, he'll explode.
Wilson out of the car, shuts the passenger door.
Wilson makes a sudden lane change to avoid getting fed in the wrong direction.
Wilson blocks the Supervisor's hand and then punches him, hard.
They beat him.
A beat.
He hangs up.
Beat.
Shutting the door behind her.
That consuming rage overtaken him again for a second.
Driving away in traffic, Ed calmer now.
KNOCK at door.
Catches outside gate before it slams shut.
Freezes, his own gun in hand.
Cocks the hammer.
Feather has been listening to this, expressionless.
His idiots in the background.
Who drops him with one punch.
Breaks.
Wanting to know what the hell is going on.
Hit.
What the hell is this guy doing here?
Stops shooting.
Screams again as his elbow of his gun hand disintegrates.
Mad.
He grabs Valentine, pulls him up, then throws him into the television.
Goes to him, grabs him by the neck with one hand and pulls out his gun with the other.
At those words.
After setting the glass down, his other hand goes to the shoulder where his stab wound was no doubt only temporarily dealt with.
He shuts the car door and walks toward the building.
He carries a briefcase, his hat is a little on the back of his head.
Neff looks up, takes his hat off.
Neff comes into the room and throws his briefcase on the plush davenport and tosses his hat on top of it.
Neff takes his hat and briefcase.
Neff, wearing his hat and carrying his briefcase, enters from the vestibule.
He hands her his hat and briefcase and continues right on, CAMERA WITH HIM, to a door lettered: Keyes' voice is heard inside, plenty loud.
He takes his hat off.
He picks up his hat.
Neff bangs the front door shut, walks quickly to his car and drives away.
On the way he picks up his hat.
Neff is a little annoyed.
She snaps the bag shut.
He hangs up.
He punches his stomach with his fist.
She closes and locks the car door.
Phyllis moves out of the shot carrying the hat and rug.
He gets a stronger hold on the dead Dietrichson and drags him free of the car and towards the tracks.
She carries both crutches, the hat and the rug towards Neff.
He takes the crutches and the hat from her.
He takes the hat from Phyllis and tosses it carelessly along the track.
He turns, hiding the handkerchief behind his back.
Neff comes through the reception room doors with his hat on and his briefcase under his arm.
Keyes puts his hat on and crosses towards the door, Neff after him.
He hangs up, takes off his hat and drops hat and briefcase on the davenport.
He gathers up the morning paper which is lying untidily on the floor and puts it in the waste-paper basket.
His hands are clasped behind his back.
Keyes stops in the middle of the room and turns.
Neff, with his hat on and no briefcase, is walking toward Keyes' office.
He is wearing his Stetson hat and smoking a cigar.
She has her hat on and is preparing to leave.
The car stops.
A car door is slammed.
Her expression is tortured.
Out of the shot the gun explodes once, twice.
The witnesses put their hats on as they pass through.
His hat is on his head now, his overcoat is pulled around him loosely.
The boys stop the chase and watch in disbelief.
Boy #1 throws his bike down in frustration.
Forrest knocks on Jenny's door.
The quarterback throws the ball into the air.
He opens the door and begins to punch the boy inside.
The crowd yells for Forrest.
Forrest stops in the end zone as he hears the crowd yells.
He lies down on the dirt road and crawls.
Forrest crawls over a berm as bullets fly overhead and explode all around him.
A rocket explodes on the machine gunner and the other soldier, killing them.
Lt. Dan grabs Forrest by the shirt, angry.
They fire napalm as the jungle explodes with massive fireballs.
The fireballs explode behind him.
Forrest begins to hit the ball back to the other player.
Forrest immediately grabs the ball and places it down on the table under its paddle.
The three men in the barber shop look up in disbelief.
Slow motion -- Forrest steps forward with rage.
Jenny steps out the door as Forrest picks up his hat.
Lenore stands up, angry.
It is a bunch of garbage and shells.
Forrest lies in a hammock on his boat.
The anchorman is standing in front of the ruined pier and boats.
Forrest takes off his hat and steps over to her.
She throws other things at the house.
A bumper sticker reads "Shit Happens."
Jenny shuts the door.
There is a knock at the door.
Who the fuck are you?
laundering and contraband Bullshit.
Break it up.
He knocks on a door.
She cocks an ear.
A collossal earthworks defacing the flat, hot moonscape.
Shuts the door.
Bullshit Jim.
The only time a Vice President comes to Langley is to cut a fucking ribbon.
This shit with Dick goes back thirty years.
Thunder-robbed.
She shuts the door, leaving Joe alone.
Knocks on the door.
BILL interrupts, stealing Joe's limelight.
Fuming.
He shuts the door.
Cars on fire.
A vision of utter hell.
There is a KNOCK AT THE DOOR.
He's thrown when she doesn't reply.
She sobs.
Shuts the door.
She holds her head in her hands and starts to sob.
Shakes her head in frustration.
Joe turns round, furious, as if he's going to punch the reporter.
Immediately she gets up and walks out.
Tense.
trouble.
CLOSE SHOT -- DOOR as it opens and REGGIE steps into the She stops, her expression changing.
REGGIE screams.
But she pulls a package of nuts out of her bag.
A UNIFORMED POLICEMAN sticks his head in the door.
Then he takes the flower from his lapel and throws it into the open box.
PUNCH and JUDY are batting each other on the head.
Finally, JUDY knocks Punch out of sight and a PUPPET wearing a three-cornered hat appears.
Wearing a hat, he stands off in the background, watching.
SCOBIE turns and storms out of the door, slamming it.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
DYLE stops at the door.
Following through, DYLE punches the large man full in the jaw, but instead of falling, SCOBIE wraps his arm around DYLE, holding on tightly until his head clears.
DYLE goes to the door, throws back the bolt and opens the door.
He winces.
A KNOCK at the door.
He wheels as the door is slammed and REGGIE, who had been standing behind it, locks it and pockets the key.
She turns and leaves, slamming the door after her.
damn annoyed.
His body is sitting on the floor of the cage, its grotesque sprawling attitude resembling a puppet's with its strings cut.
SYLVIE jumps up and rushes next door into her booth, shutting the door after her.
Another KNOCK.
Barely stopping, she holds out her ticket to the GUARD to be punched, then heads down the platform, still running.
As the TRAIN pulls in and comes to a stop.
He stands on the platform as the train doors slam shut, the latches click, the whistle blows and the train pulls out.
ADAM ducks behind the column as the bullet hits it and screams off.
As CARSON enters and slams the door behind him, locking it.
ADAM arriving at the door, bangs on it, then looks around, frustrated.
We hear WOMEN'S SCREAMS.
They turn towards the noise and see a bunch of STEWARDESSES scattering from a trendy young cad with a fake hand sticking out of his fly.
It's a dead end.
A passing electric baggage cart nails Stuey at full speed and carries him off down the corridor, screaming bloody murder.
She sneers at him.
The plane explodes in a fireball.
"Ricky Coogan Sucks Shit" (this one held by a nice LITTLE GIRL.), "I Like Ike" (held by a confused OLD MAN, shuffling around aimlessly.), "Drink Pepsi" and finally...  "Free Nelson Mandela"--we WIDEN to reveal the subheading: "Inside specially marked boxes."
She SMACKS him.
Toad drags them towards the door.
He's incredulous.
He storms off.
Darkness.
The music turns to Psycho-like string stabs as Elijah uses the hammer to smash in a nail.
Rick is left alone, staring pensively at the hammer.
Rick is still staring at the damn hammer.
Standing up, he throws the hammer carelessly aside into the muck, and walks towards the cubicles.
Beat.
SMASH!
THE "TIME MAGAZINE" DOOR--SMASH!
THE "U.S.A. TODAY" DOOR--SMASH!
SMASH!
The sign says "DUNK ME IN ACID!" He's talking to an OLD LADY, who throws a baseball, hits the target, and dunks the clown into the foaming bath of carbolic acid.
We can hear the crowd screaming for him in the background.
They yell "Bravo" and throw bouquets.
His whole monster side awakens and takes charge of his body with violent intensity.
Beat.
The milkman stops in his tracks.
Beat.
On the other end of the line, we hear LAUGHING MAN's insane chuckle.
He looks a little pissed- off as he turns to face Rick again.
Why, it's the freaks!
We hear his CACKLE, as well as STUEY GLUCK'S TORTURED SCREAMS and a horrible POWER TOOL NOISE.
The other freaks follow suit, including the Worm, down in the tunnel, who struggles to hold the bottle in his tiny feeler.
Sockhead charges at them like a mad dog.
Using a pen held in his mouth, he flicks a series of switches and punches a fast series of computer keys.
It smashes through the window, setting off a loud SIREN.
Beat.
Stuey is still wailing, and everybody else is getting pretty damn annoyed.
He removes the spring from a pocket pen and picks the lock.
Inexplicably, (actually it's just because he's so stupid.)
He turns to the other freaks, who've woken up and are gathered around on the floor.
Stuey's waving cup is blocking the view of a big, annoyed BIKER sitting behind him.
Rick and the freaks in the cage cheer stuey Monster on.
Ernie smacks her.
The crowd is taking sides, screaming out advice, and foaming at their mouths.
Rick leaves him on the floor and stalks the freak cage murderously.
He does his best Ed Sullivan He swivels the nozzle turret towards the cage full of freaks and is about to glop them when Rick stands up above Stuey, blocking Elijah's trajectory at the freak cage.
He rushes at Rick and delivers a flurry of punches to his mid section.
He's carrying a garbage bag dripping blood.
They're about to stab Rick and Julie when...  BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!
Stuey has to prop him up while members of the audience are invited down to punch him in the chops.
Ernie stands off to the side, charging everyone five bucks per blow.
O'Neill immediately wants her, and now.
He immediately jumps into the shots.
He grabs her.
Debbie and Rick and her MOM and DAD are having a frustrating game of tennis behind her parents' plush home.
Mr. Thomerson slams the ball to Rick; Rick slams the ball back and drives it over the fence, out of the court.
Mr. Thomerson serves the ball to Debbie, who hits it over the net to her mother, who hits it to Rick, who slams it over the fence, out of the court.
Rick smashes the ball and sends it over the fence, out of the court.
Cole turns red with anger.
Larry stops walking and immediately breaks down.
He has a constant expression on his face that suggests he's constantly sucking lemons.
The door starts to close and the guys start yelling.
They take sides, yelling out, "Take the car," "Keep Debbie."
They scream in shock.
Milt casually takes off his hat and immediately sticks his face through a nearby window, smashing it to pieces.
The elevator doors slam shut.
He doesn't know what the hell is happening.
Mrs. Thomerson is still freaked out over her meeting with Nick the Dick.
The all-girl band is going ape shit.
The door opens and in walks Rajah, the Indian pimp.
He looks pissed.
They look back at him uncomfortably as the doors slam shut.
Milt stops at a door and kicks it with his foot.
He slams the door shut and exits.
One of the Japanese races over and gets there first, slamming and bolting the door shut.
She screams, horrified.
The doors slam shut.
The other guys are screaming at the top of their lungs.
Rick immediately jumps to his feet.
The Japanese immediately put two and two together and get orgy.
Debbie slams the door shut behind him.
The elevator door opens, revealing the donkey lying flat on his back.
As Rick protests, she throws on her blouse and runs out of the room.
The cops grab Mr. Thomerson as he tries to get out, and they throw him in line with the others.
She screams.
Rick hits Cole with a punch that sends him backwards into several movie patrons.
Cole throws a punch.
The punch hits a MAN in the front row in the mouth.
A Man who has taken a punch and has had his jacket ripped to shreds doesn't seem pleased.
HOMELESS sleep amid steaming VENTS and GARBAGE STREWN GUTTERS.
WORKMEN are up ladders, taking the HOARDINGS down SIGN and putting a large sign up: THEATRE CLOSED TILL FURTHER NOTICE ...  ANGLE ON: ANN ... rattling the HEAVY STEEL CHAINS that are     LOCKED around the DOORS to the VAUDEVILLE THEATRE ...  A WORKMAN up a LADDER smirks down at her.
A MOTLEY collection of VAUDEVILLE PERFORMERS cluster on the SIDEWALK ...  near them an incongruous assortment of PROPS and COSTUMES litter the STREET ... ANN tries to gather up PROPS - MANNY's BROOM, her TOP-HAT, HARRY'S parasol ...  ANN turns ... Manny is standing quietly to one side.
ANGLE ON: DENHAM quietly places the GLASS against the SCREENING ROOM DOOR, and presses his ear against it.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM listening ...  ANGLE ON: The YOUNG ASSISTANT opens the DOOR, steps into the LOBBY which is ... ANGLE ON: DENHAM and PRESTON hurrying down the CROWDED SIDEWALK - struggling under the weight of 8 FILM CANS! DENHAM is glancing back over his shoulder.
ANGLE ON: DENHAM looks back across the STREET and notices an angry INVESTOR heading towards him.
DENHAM hurriedly WINDS the WINDOW SHUT ...  the SLEAZY INVESTOR yelps with PAIN, as he yanks his JAMMED FINGERS away from the CAB! ANGLE ON: PRESTON sprawled on the SEAT, amid a PILE of FILM CANS, as the CAB speeds away!
DENHAM looks away, muttering to himself ...  ANGLE ON: The CAB screeches to a SUDDEN HALT in MID-TRAFFIC ... DENHAM jumps out, leaving PRESTON in protest ...  DENHAM turns and looks at PRESTON briefly.
The ANGRY VENDOR pulls her     hand out of her pocket, which is still clutching the stolen apple.
DENHAM crosses to a cabinet and breaks into a CRATE OF JOHNNY JACK throws a FEW SCRIPT PAGES across the TABLE.
ANGLE ON: The PROPELLER CHURNS through the WATER ...  ENGLEHORN watches the VENTURE pull away from the dock ... Satisfied, he enters the WHEELHOUSE ...  ANGLE ON: JACK emerges from the labyrinthine SHIP INTERIOR and rushes to the RAIL of the SHIP ... he freezes in HORROR!
ANGLE ON: The SHIP is PULLING AWAY from the DOCK ...  6 feet ... 7 feet ...  JACK contemplates JUMPING for a MOMENT: POLICE CARS race along the docks towards the VENTURE, SIRENS wailing.
WIDE ON: ZELMAN throws his hat to the ground in anger as THE VENTURE pulls away from the docks.
PRESTON is interrupted by a knock on the CABIN DOOR...  ANGLE ON: The DOOR opens and DENHAM enters.
DENHAM turns and looks at ANN. ANGLE ON: CHOY is showing JACK to his sleeping QUARTERS, carrying JACK stares in DISBELIEF at the DINGY HOLD strewn with STRAW BALES and EMPTY ANIMAL CAGES.
CHOY looks up in SHOCK as the BOTTLE ROLLS towards ENGLEHORN who coolly TRAPS it with his FOOT.
CLOSE ON: An expensive FOUNTAIN PEN drops from JIMMY'S HAND and clatters to the floor.
ANGLE ON: MIKE packing away his HEADPHONES and SOUND RECORDING ANGLE ON: ANN in the CHIFFON DRESS, hesitating in the doorway of the MESS.
BRUCE looks annoyed ...  then takes another look.
She quickly snaps the COMPACT shut and turns away.
ANGLE ON: HAYES enters the MESS ...  HAYES saunters over to PRESTON ANGLE ON: LUMPY is standing quietly honing a knife with a whet- stone ... it makes a L ANGLE ON: JIMMY enters the MESS from behind him...  PRESTON glances warily at DENHAM.
DENHAM and PRESTON stop and turn back ...  The ENGINEERS shovel more COAL into the FURNACE ... The relentless rhythm of the SHIPS PISTON'S PUMPING UP and DOWN continues ...  PRESTON LYING AWAKE FREAKING OUT intercut with close ups of THE WIDE ON: THE STERN of the VENTURE cuts through the swell then AERIAL up over the top of the boat.
WIDE ON: The VENTURE steams through the FOG BANK ...  ANGLE ON: A CREWMAN throws a LEAD-LINE over the side.
RUINS jutting out of the WATER.
the SAILORS row ashore ...  ANGLE ON: JACK as he STARES up at the RUINS ... CLOSE ON: ANN, as if COMPELLED, turns and looks over the side of the BOAT, into the SEA ...  her breathe catches!
THUNDER RUMBLES overhead as DENHAM, JACK, ANN, HERB, BRUCE, PRESTON, MIKE and 2 SAILORS clamber out of the RUINED TUNNEL DENHAM stays low, and hurries to a VANTAGE POINT.
The OTHERS CRANE UP: to reveal a PLATEAU below them, covered with the RUINS of an ANCIENT BURIAL GROUND ...  stone MAUSOLEUMS and TOMBS, smashed open and destroyed.
A RUMBLING, BESTIAL ROAR fills the VILLAGE as if in answer to ANN'S CRY ...  LOUD and CLOSE ... for a brief moment everyone freezes ...  anyone can react, they are roughly SHOVED and PULLED into the MIDST of the FURIOUS NATIVE MOB.
She struggles against her captors ... ANGLE ON: A OLD-WOMAN moves through the midst of the VILLAGERS ...  her gaze fixed on ANN, muttering curses, eyes burning with a dark fury ... DENHAM is YELLING at the NATIVES ...  he is SHOVED to the GROUND.
One of the SAILORS is DRAGGED forward, his HEAD pushed against a FLAT STONE SLAB, and CLUBBED TO DEATH.
DENHAM punches a NATIVE ... they haul him forward and thrust his HEAD onto the BLOOD SPLATTERED STONE ...  NATIVE CLUBS rise into the air ... The NATIVES hesitate, as if STUNNED ...  then SCATTER.
ANGLES ON: As WAVES crash against the STRANDED SHIP, LUMPY, JIMMY, CHOY and the other SAILORS throw TABLES, CHESTS ...  KITCHEN EQUIPMENT into the SEA.
He CROUCHES in the shadows ... CLOSE ON: JACK sprawled on a BENCH SEAT in the MESS ...  a LOUD METALLIC CREAK wakes him up.
She looks down and notices her HANDS are FRIGHT, to see cabin's DOOR HANDLE - which is turning ...  ANGLE ON: ANN'S FACE as her CABIN DOOR opens ... ANGLE ON: JACK desperately pushes past CREW in the CROWDED, panicked CORRIDOR, trying to get to ANN'S CABIN ...  WIDE ON: The VENTURE at the MERCY of the RAGING SEAS as it moves even closer to the REEF.
CLOSE ON: HAYES yelling commands: ENGLEHORN LIFTS UP THE WINDOW SEAT ...  revealing a ROW of TOMMY GUNS hidden there.
ANGLE ON: the TINY BOATS are tossed in the RAGING SEAS.
WIDE ON: On the OTHER SIDE, the WALL falls away vertically into a ROCKY GROTTO, leading into the DENSE TANGLED JUNGLE of SKULL SUDDENLY ANN feels herself DRAGGED FORWARD ...  the POSTS she is tied to are MOVING, pulling her TOWARDS the EDGE of the WALL!
TREES are violently SWAYING ... above the crescendo of the NATIVE FRENZY, ANGRY BESTIAL ROARS can be heard.
STEAM RISES from festering SWAMPS ...  HAYES is LEADING DENHAM, JACK, PRESTON, LUMPY, CHOY, BRUCE and EIGHT SAILORS.
She tries to brace herself against KONG'S FINGERS, but the rigors of the journey knock her sideways like a RAG DOLL.
ANGLE ON: JACK picks up ANN'S NECKLACE ...  a LOCK of BLONDE    HAIR still tangled within it's STRANDS ... WIDE ON: DAWN LIGHT brightens the SKY as the GROUP survey the ANGLE ON: DENHAM casts an eye over the DEBRIS STREWN GROUND ...  his gaze rising to a HUGE GASH in the FOREST ... DENHAM POV: TREES have been RIPPED from the earth where KONG    has SMASHED a path through the JUNGLE ...  ANGLE ON: HAYES notices a SAILOR with a WOOLLEN HAT pulled   down over his head ... the SAILOR has turned away from the GRISLY REMAINS.
HAYES bats the hat off the SAILOR'S HEAD ...  it's JIMMY.
ANGLE ON: The GROUP'S NERVES are FRAYED ...  as they continue slogging through the difficult TERRAIN.
ANGLE ON: LUMPY shooting WILDLY at a HUGE BUG ...  LUMPY GLARES at HAYES ... and SHOOTS one last time at a HUGE BUG ANGLE ON: SLIDING FEET ...  down a VINE strewn slope.
ANGLE ON: JACK cautiously moves uphill towards the source of the running flat out towards JACK!
The STAMPEDING DINOSAURS storm towards DENHAM down the NARROW CLOSE ON: DENHAM is frozen to the spot, staring at the CAMERA, which is lying directly in the rampaging DINOSAUR'S PATH.
staggers out of the DINOSAUR PILE-UP ...  he turns back at the SOUND OF LOUD HISSING - a CARNOTAURUS is climbing over a DEAD BRONTOSAUR, it's gleaming eyes intent on JACK.
The CARNOTAURUS is riddled with BULLETS and falls DEAD at JACK'S FEET! HAYES hurries towards JACK, clutching his TOMMY GUN! HAYES sends the rest of the MEN up a steep ROCKY SLOPE ... they SLIP and SLIDE on the SLIMY MOSS-COVERED ROCKS.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM reacting in SHOCK as HERB is KILLED by the frenzying CARNOTAURS.
KONG has dropped ANN in a small RUINED COURTYARD, it's WALLS are cracked and split by encroaching JUNGLE CREEPERS.
CLOSE ON: ANN, flat on the ground, eyes shut, lying still.
getting up and is STARTLED when she HITS his FINGER AWAY! KONG cocks his HEAD ...  he THUMPS his FISTS on the GROUND.
Another FIST SLAMS into the GROUND!
ANGLE ON: KONG HURLS HAYES at the SAILORS ...  he flies over their heads like RAG-DOLL and smashes against the FAR WALL of the RAVINE with a sickening CRUNCH.
KONG runs towards the LOG ...  KONG'S FIST smashes at the LOG, knocking the men off balance.
She runs up the bank towards the noise.
She ducks behind a ...  there is another CARNIVORE BEHIND HER!
ANN hangs on desperately ...  ANN is HELPLESS ... The TYRANNOSAUR positions it's HEAD for the FINAL LUNGE - gaping JAWS OPEN impossibly WIDE ...  KONG meets the TYRANNOSAUR HEAD-ON at FULL SPEED!
KONG punches and smashes with his fists, but he also uses wrestling-style headlocks and flips ...  for a brief moment, ANN rolls free on the ground and has to dodge 25-foot DINOSAURS and the GORILLA, as the frenzied fight THUNDERS all around her.
KONG outs the SECOND TYRANNOSAUR in a HEADLOCK, FLIPPING it over his shoulder, and throwing it down into the CHASM.
AND more SMASHING AGAINST THE CHASM WALLS ...  SHE FALLS AND WIDE ON: ANN faces the TYRANNOSAUR!
KONG GRABS HIS JAWS in BOTH HANDS forcing it OPEN and BITING the TYRANNOSAUR'S TONGUE.
floor of the RAVINE.
The wreckage of the CAMERA lies smashed and broken on the CHASM floor ...  a thin, shiny, thread of black FILM trailing from the smashed CAMERA body like spilt innards.
It crawls blindly towards LUMPY and CHOY!
ANGLE ON: DENHAM is WIELDING a short stick like a CLUB ...  he smashes the HUGE BUGS in a psychotic explosion of RAGE, pulverizing their bodies into the DIRT!
All around, MONSTROSITIES OF NATURE emerge from DANK BURROWS and crawl towards the JACK, DENHAM and JIMMY ... these are HUGE INSECTILE MUTANTS - combinations of SPIDERS, CRABS, MANTISES and SUDDENLY JIMMY notices the TOMMY GUN sticking out of JACK'S PACK.
ANGLE ON: JACK desperately swings at the INSECTS with a STICK, whacking and stabbing them.
ANGLE ON: ENGLEHORN and a COUPLE of SAILORS OPEN FIRE from the LIP of the CHASM, SHOOTING the SPIDERS into SMITHEREENS!
CLOSE ON: KONG ...  ROARING with ANGER ... he abandons JACK and CHARGES at the BAT-THINGS!
ANGLE ON: SEVERAL BAT-THINGS are gripping and CLAWING KONG'S BACK in an effort to weaken the huge ape ...  he suddenly POUNDS HIS BACK against the WALL of the CAVE, SQUASHING THEM ALL!
The surviving BAT-THINGS wheel away from KONG, HISSING ANGRILY ... 16 lie on the cave floor, STUNNED or DEAD.
ANN hangs onto JACK for dear life, as he GRABS the BAT-THINGS ANGLE ON: JACK and ANN DESCENDING RAPIDLY ...  the BAT-THING furiously FLAPPING it's WINGS, but unable to stop the SPIRALLING plunge past the CLIFF FACE.
He ANN SCREAMS as she and JACK fall into the RIVER ...  they are immediately picked up by the current and SWEPT AWAY.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM & ENGLEHORN as they hear KONG'S ANGER.
TREES CRASH to the GROUND as KONG SMASHES his way through the JUNGLE towards the CLEARING ...  ANN looks at the deserted wall.
A SAILOR with a MACHETE hovers near the ROPE, ready to cut it on DENHAM'S COMMAND.
DENHAM suddenly rises and walks past them towards the GATE, fixated on the ROARING BEAST, smashing at the TIMBERS.
PRESTON lies to one side, a RAG held against his BLEEDING FACE.
He reaches towards her ...  ANGLES ON: SAILORS THROW GRAPPLING HOOKS at KONG, HAULING on   the BRUCE rushes forward, pulling PRESTON to his feet, hustling    him towards the TUNNEL EXIT.
ENGLEHORN yells at SAILORS poised on the TOP of the WALL.
SAILORS throw BOULDERS down from the TOP of the WALL,   pummelling ANN breaks away from JACK, rushes at ENGLEHORN, grabbing his   arm just as he prepares to throw another CHLOROFORM BOTTLE.
JACK takes ANN'S ARM ...  DENHAM yells at him, as KONG'S RAGE intensifies.
CLOSE ON: KONG WATCHING ANN being DRAGGED AWAY ...  he EXPLODES with ANGER, suddenly RISING to his FEET, ripping the NET to PIECES!
ANGLE ON: JACK running with ANN towards a waiting BOAT ...  ANN fights as JACK tries to LIFT her on BOARD ... both turn!
CLOSE ON: DENHAM finds a CRATE of CHLOROFORM BOTTLES on the FLOOR of the BOAT.
ANGLE ON: JIMMY manages to fire a BURST at KONG ...  KONG CHARGES in FURY and THUMPS his FIST down on the BOW of the BOAT.
ANGLE ON: KONG flings the BOAT against the COVE WALL, smashing it - sending JACK, JIMMY and SAILORS into the SEA! ANN looks on in horror as JACK SURFACES, holding onto JIMMY,    who is COUGHING SEA WATER.
The FAKE ANN tethered to the ALTAR screams again for help!
BOOM! JACK turns in time to see ...  The VAST THEATRE WALL explodes onto the street, showering PEOPLE and CARS with BRICKS and STEEL ... KONG bursts into the MIDDLE OF ANGLE ON: JACK stares up in horror as KONG heads straight for him ...  JACK is going to DIE!
The WHEELS are SPINNING WILDLY ...  in a CLOUD OF BURNING RUBBER, the CAB speeds down the ROAD, weaving in and out of the path cut by KONG'S DESTRUCTION.
He gets SLOWED in THICK TRAFFIC ...  KONG BURSTS his way out of the ALLEY ENTRANCE ... RIGHT IN FRONT JACK SWERVES on to the SIDEWALK ...  JACK steers the CAB wildly along the SIDEWALK scattering PEDESTRIANS in all directions!
ANGLE ON: The CAB, covered by the RUINED STALL, SLAMS into the WALL of a BUILDING.
hidden beneath the RUBBLE ...  KONG searches for the CAB, ROARING in FRUSTRATION!
KONG bounds out into the streets, swaying to avoid the bullet fire, angrily smashing cars out the way.
ANGLE ON: JACK RACES into a LIFT and hurriedly punches the BUTTON ...  nothing happens ... JACK pushes past the OLD SECURITY GUARD!
GLASS FLIES all around ANN. BULLETS SLAM into the BACK of KONG! KONG circles the building trying to get away from the PLANE but it continues to follow him.
Words acid-etched in the weapon's fine-tempered surface: Main credits end.
The round punches a fist-sized hole through Raquel's chest, continuing on into the vamp behind her! Vampire blood fountains.
DENNIS sits huddled in a corner, having pissed his pants.
The engine ROARS to life, belching fumes through the dual exhaust.
Blade glances at Karen, cursing himself for giving into his emotions.
Who would dare such impudence?
Frost stabs an accusing finger at the Overlord.
Mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious serum runs its violent course.
Karen stifles a sob, turning and running right into -- who now blocks the exit, sword in hand.
As Karen climbs out, Blade swings the door shut behind her.
The front door explodes open as Blade comes flying through it!
The pistol falls from his grasp -- Blade fires his fist into Gideon's gut again and again, then flings the officer across the room, sending him SMASHING into a glass-cased cabinet.
Bleeding, battered, Gideon struggles to stand -- Blade is all over him, kicking the shit out of the rogue cop until he sinks to the floor in a half-conscious haze.
Blade FIRES into the door handle of one of the units, tears it open -- the fridge is stacked floor to ceiling with plastic packets of blood.
Pearl SNARLS, his body quivering with poisonous rage.
He pulls an explosive charge from his combat belt and secures it to the door, arming it with a BEEP!
The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, knocking Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet.
She exits, leaving him alone with his demons.
Karen SCREAMS.
Karen is left alone with Frost and Quinn.
Blade struggles to lift his head, forcing himself to match Frost's gaze, shaking with hatred.
Blade crumples to the floor, lying still.
Inhuman.
She touches the raw wounds on her neck, shaken -- Blade rises to his full height.
And there's something else in his gaze now too -- an animal fury that was missing before.
The aftermath.
As it dissipates, Mercury and the others creep forward, apprehensive -- stands with his back to us, his body trailing wisps of occult fumes.
Blade SCREAMS.
It strikes the stone behind them, SHATTERING and -- Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an unendurable intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an expanding ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD.
At his feet -- lies in pieces.
Suddenly, wish a sharp CRACK!, the knob explodes, and the door bursts open.
Suddenly we hear a metallic CLICK, which registers with unnatural amplification, as - Clarice reacts, drops to the floor, rolling sideways, and - pulls a revolver out from behind her back, still in SLOW MOTION, raising it in her untied hands.
It's ARDELIA MAPP, her roommate.
Frustrated, Clarice hesitates, then finally shoulders her bag and goes, leaving the questionnaire in his tray.
Clarice is punching keys on the terminal.
She murmurs to herself.
Catherine straightens, with her bag of groceries, shutting her car's back door.
He looks around, frustrated by the noisy circus atmosphere. is pulling on a pair of surgical gloves.
A beat.
He is agitated.
He is taut, frustrated.
She's furious.
They start towards the car, but he calls out, stopping her.
She cocks an ear, making a low GROWL, then sets off to investigate.
Krendler shuts the door behind her, points sternly at Clarice.
Clarice climbs from her rented car, SLAMMING the door angrily.
a cot and a small table, each bolted to the floor, and a flimsy paper screen, hiding a toilet.
A third cowboy stretches out the lamb's neck, raises a bloody knife.
as Clarice turns, startled, and the fuming Chilton seizes her elbow.
Boyle has to set his tray down on the floor to clear off some of the mess of drawings.
as he crawls, with torturous slowness, towards the command desk, and the phone.
The other cops, behind him, fan out silently to set up angles of fire, checking the various office doors - all locked - as they creep up.
is a brief snapshot from hell.
Blood and gore everywhere.
a cop angrily punches OFF the music.
Two SWAT officers, PETERSON and KUBELL, turn a key, unlocking and opening this floor's elevator doorway.
Then the SIREN is shut OFF, and the flashers.
She starts wearily towards the sheriff...  CRANE ANGLE - sweeping rapidly DOWN into the barnyard towards the arriving highway patrol car, as it stops... RUSHING to the little girl as she steps from the car, holding the lamb.
He stops, straightens.
Catherine yanks the dog up, into his line of fire, screaming at him.
as Mr. Gumb cries out again - a terrible, inarticulate scream of rage and anguish.
The maddening BUZZER sounds again, even more insistently, and he cries out with frustration and fury.
sledgehammer from the floral box, swings it with all his might against the door knob, blowing it through as - Crawford and Burroughs race towards the door, guns up...
A bedroom window disintegrates as a flash grenade is shot through it, EXPLODING on the floor.
MOVING ANGLE - towards the front door, as frustrated HRT cops file out of the empty house, rifles slung across their shoulders.
The noises are LOUDER, coming from there.
Very slowly and quietly he steps out behind her, taking his gun in both hands, aiming...  the Colt Python as - in SLOW MOTION - his thumbs cock the hammer, the SOUND registering as a LOUD METALLIC CLICK, and - spins, still in SLOW MOTION, flame already leaping from her gun muzzle, as we see - almost at point-black range, guns ROARING hugely, one FLASH from Mr. Gumb, and one two three four FLASHES from Clarice, overlapping his, and then, as the ECHOES crash deafeningly - with NORMAL SPEED RESTORED, as the side of her face hits the floor, and she is gasping, stunned by the noise and flames; there is blood on her check, and an ugly powder burn, but she ignores them, twisting to yank her speedloader from her jacket pocket, locking it blindly onto her gun's cylinder, reloading, right in front of her face, then rolling onto her stomach, aiming her gun upward again, blinking her dazzled eyes, straining to locate him in the darkness...
A MASSIVE CONCUSSION as a BUNKER-BUSTING MISSILE BORES into the earth at high-velocity, burrowing deep-- --then a HUGE BLAST - FLAME and DIRT are thrown high in the air, many of the FIGURES blown sky-high.
A-10 WARTHOGS-- stubby attack planes-- SCREAM from the sky, RAKING THE REMAINING FIGURES with CANNON FIRE, BLASTING THEM to bits.
These aircraft no longer bear traditional U.S. insignia-- they're painted in WILD COLORS, graffiti lettering says things like: "BOT BLASTER," "KILL FOR CONNOR," "RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINES," etc...  Resistance fighters.
His comrades FIRE EXPLOSIVE BULLETS-- and BLOW THE ROBOT APART.
THE SOLDIERS rake the room with GUNFIRE-- MACHINERY collapses, SPARKS from EXPLODING CIRCUITRY.
He opens his mouth, makes a few GUTTURAL NOISES...  then SCREAMS.
MARCUS moves along a slight rise, wrapped in torn and filthy RAGS, mud caked on his body.
But with sudden speed, MARCUS GRABS THE BOY'S GUN HAND and wrenches it hard-- it FIRES into the air.
He struggles to control anger, speaks quietly.
KYLE cocks his head at him.
The room's a mess, GRAFFITI here and there, trash scattered about; they're not the first squatters who've been here.
THE GUNS and STAR'S WATCH lie on a dresser.
THE JEEP pulls to a stop, MARCUS gets out from behind the wheel and moves to the TANKER.
PIG snorts and PULLS MARCUS yanks the gun away and tosses it aside, HEAD-BUTTS Pig, who staggers backward, BLOOD SPRAYING from his nose.
BULL CHARGES MARCUS, who dodges him, grabs the man and-- --HURLS HIM HEAD FIRST into the CHARCOAL PIT-- his BODY SIZZLES against the coals, he SCREAMS and WRITHES.
A STEEL LID in the top of the container OPENS hydraulically, the Harvester DEPOSITS the HUMAN CAPTIVES inside, and the LID SLAMS SHUT.
Her eyes flutter shut again.
THE A-10 that shot down the H-K comes around for another pass at the transport, but-- --ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUNS at the far side of the river let out a VOLLEY of BLUE PLASMA-FIRE.
BLAIR quickly grabs a STONE and, staying down, hurls it as far away as she can-- THE STONE strikes a few BRANCHES-- THE T-1s suddenly turn in that direction, GUNS BLAZING-- THE WOODS in the immediate vicinity are torn to pieces by the GUNFIRE, small FIRES erupt from the incendiary bullets-- it's definitely overkill.
BARNES, 20-ish, good-looking and cocky, yawns and sneers, annoyed at being awakened.
BLAIR sits at a battered dining table, surrounded by angry outpost RESIDENTS, including JANE and MORRISON.
During the above, other KIDS and ADULTS IN BG AD LIB-- "Kill it," "Goddamn robot," etc.-- increasing mob anger, until-- His impassioned CRY silences the onlookers.
The EXPLOSION rips OPEN the GRATE, destroys the FAN.
MORRISON escorts a pair of powerful UNIFORMED SOLDIERS armed with HIGH-TECH RIFLES with explosive shells-- they react to the EXPLOSION beyond the closed door-- and break into a run, the soldiers readying their weapons.
MARCUS grabs the sharp, still smoking STEEL projecting from the hole and pulls himself upward as-- THE DOOR SLIDES OPEN and the SOLDIERS open FIRE at MARCUS-- BLAIR hits the deck as EXPLOSIVE SHELLS tear HOLES in the --SHRAPNEL hits MARCUS in the back, he's thrown into the ventilation shaft-- MARCUS has a CHUNK OF REBAR lodged in his left SHOULDER, but he doesn't even notice this yet.
He doesn't have much time to deal with this as-- --THE CHOPPER emerges from behind the treeline, the SPOTLIGHT picks him out and AUTOMATIC FIRE erupts-- MARCUS runs a few yards and throws himself to the ground as-- GUNFIRE STRAFES around and ahead of him-- setting off several MINES which send up clouds of dirt.
But the hydrobots are upon him, he SHRIEKS and disappears beneath the bubbling surface, which now boils with BLOOD.
MARCUS heads inland, past the ruins of a CHURCH-- WALLS with the remains of stained glass WINDOWS, STATUES OF SAINTS.
CONNOR is already on his feet, BANGING on the door-- the MP unlatches it to let him out-- Partway down the hallway, CONNOR encounters KATE, who walks with him, takes in his expression.
SCREAMS and SOBS from other prisoners.
He flings it expertly into-- --a nearby TRASH RECEPTACLE.
SERENA takes in his anger, adopts a regretful tone.
Elaborate CIRCUITS are exposed, as SURGICAL MACHINES perform repairs with LASERS, MECHANICAL ARMS replacing damaged parts.
He's CLAMPED onto an elaborate, mobile SURGICAL TABLE, the stump exposed.
The TABLE INVERTS, exposing the back of his head.
MARCUS lets out a CRY of rage, strains at his bonds.
She touches him once more and moves off, leaving him alone here.
Hurrying past the wall of brains, he moves a hand to the base of his skull...  with an ANGRY CRY-- --his FINGERS dig into the plastic skin at the back of his MARCUS grits his teeth, this is incredibly hard to do, but-- --he RIPS THE INTERFACE MODULE from his skull-- CONNECTIONS SPARK, we glimpse STEEL SKULL and the encased BRAIN beneath.
FIRE and SMOKE in the distance, VEHICLES MOVING fast amidst the destruction.
THE PHYSICIST is SLAMMED against a wall.
SKELETAL TERMINATORS storm in, wielding PLASMA RIFLES-- they mean business-- THE PHYSICIST finally looks alarmed, getting in front of MARCUS as he yells-- A TERMINATOR FIRES anyway, BLOWING A HUGE HOLE through the center of the Physicist's chest and throwing him backward to the floor-- the man looks down and shakes his head at the damage to his plastinated body.
THE PRISONERS smash the GLASS DOORS off their hinges, and charge past-- THE CONTROL ROBOTS, which are now coming to life.
A STOLEN BUS heads for the exit, KNOCKING a couple of TERMINATORS aside and SMASHING through the rising GATE, clearing a path for others to follow.
THE TANK keeps SMASHING through the house, as its TURRET SWIVELS upward and BLASTS AWAY.
DOWNSTAIRS - THE TANK tears through an upscale RECREATION ROOM, splintering a POOL TABLE, smashing through PINBALL UPSTAIRS - MARCUS takes the ATV straight out onto the BALCONY, THROUGH THE RAILING and INTO THE AIR.
THE TANK SMASHES THROUGH THE BACK WALL and-- --TAKES A NOSEDIVE into the pool, out of commission.
As they near the boat, MARCUS reacts to the sight of-- --RED EYES FLICKERING in the darkness at the END OF THE DOCK, the BLUE GLOW of a RIFLE CHARGING.
PRISONERS and DOCTORS SCREAM and scramble for cover-- CONNOR steps in front of KATE to shield her, they back away through the WATER BLAST, CONNOR FIRING at SERENA-- SERENA takes numerous HITS from the EXPLOSIVE BULLETS, which take off PIECES of her, but she keeps coming, FIRES again-- --HITTING CONNOR in the lower abdomen.
BLAM! MULTIPLE PLASMA BLASTS from behind RIDDLE SERENA'S TORSO, the BLUE PULSES burning right through her-- her HEAD takes a hit, the STEEL is RUPTURED.
But ON THE FLOOR lies-- --MARCUS' SEVERED ARM, still holding his PLASMA RIFLE.
We hear Marcus' VO, his voice strong and assured: AN ARMY of HUMAN RESISTANCE FIGHTERS marches through the AN H-K goes down IN FLAMES, SMASHES in the MOUNTAINSIDE.
He throws a pile of blue and white chips on the table.
The ball stops.
JACK leans into the open car and takes out his hat and cigarettes.
She pushes him gently with the flat of her palms towards the door.
She takes her scarf, puts it round his neck, pulls him seductively towards the bedroom door.
The BARBER stops for a moment, nonplussed.
She's jealous.
He has a 10 and a 5 exposed for the house.
The MAN is getting angry.
He looks at JACK with hatred, then leaves the table.
MATT turns to JACK, furious.
He swears silently.
He straightens his hat and walks off.
JACK'S face is masked with blood and fury.
He winces.
JACK is dealing to MR TCHAI and three OTHER MEN.
She immediately gets up.
JACK sees MARION is getting really angry.
Without looking back she flings the gate shut, goes off down the street.
MARION slams the door to the flat.
The car turns into a lane.
A racquet smacks a tennis ball.
On court, Jani delivers a winning overhead smash.
JACK is irritated.
JACK is getting angry.
He knocks on a door.
The FACES of the LOSERS, resigned, desperate, angry....
He wears a silly paper hat.
The PUNTERS at Jack's table include MR TCHAI and four expensively dressed CHINESE MEN.
PEOPLE start screaming.
The SUIT punches JACK in the stomach.
One of them handcuffs the SUIT, who is lying on the floor.
JACK lies groaning on the floor.
A WOMAN smashes a plate over a MAN'S head.
Plates are thrown, stamped on, smashed.
Hurt and angry, Denver runs past Sethe, towards the woods.
Sethe pauses - unnerved and irritated by Denver's challenge.
She's mad.
INTERCUT: FLASHES OF MEMORY attack as SETHE TELLS HER - Sethe being raped, beaten, held down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS in a barn with a loft...  Sethe screams and is smacked across the face.
Denver is sweeping the floor - irritated by Paul's presence and voice.
At one point, A WHITE CARNIVAL BARKER shouts to the children; The phrase stabs Sethe and Paul a bit.
Denver looks at Paul with a hard gaze; From Paul's expression we can tell Denver is lying... and whatever fragile connection they were building, is swiftly destroyed.
Paul's getting more annoyed.
He is mad at Beloved for her damn questions.. Something inside of Sethe stops, a wall erected.
Nan whispers to Sethe: Little Sethe looks up and sees her mother - her face a mask of courage and rage and tears.
Tears of rage and humiliation stream down Paul's face.
The BOY BEATING SETHE never stops with the whip for a second as he rants; They beat her mercilessly.
She bursts out of the water, gasping for air...Slowly, her rage subsides, replaced with a calm, ruthless understanding Beloved is walking back toward the house.
Paul is about to get mad when he looks to Sethe again, reels it back in and answers curtly, but politely; Hearing his own words echoed back to him, annoys him.
He turns and grabs her, kissing her with a passion bordering on hatred.
Paul stands above the sleeping Sethe - his guilt driving him mad.
Beloved sits like an angry, upset five year old with her fingers in her mouth.
Although steeped in pig shit on a wintry day - his hands numb from the cold - Paul D. is in high spirits.
And with it, an insane rage.
When Sethe speaks in a soft, forgiving tone, he stops to listen; Paul turns to look at her and realizes she saw right through him...  Unable to bear it, Paul turns and leaves... Sethe stands still, fighting tears, and whispers...  Sethe is scrubbing the floor, with Denver trailing by with dry rags.
Stamp takes off his hat and follows Ella, who is doing laundry in the kitchen.
He drinks from the bottle like an angry, broken man.
Followed by a LOUD FRUSTRATED YELL.
Is held by one of the men, pointed at the floor.
Charlie takes the bags, tosses them in then shuts the back.
They shut and bolt the doors.
Tom starts to pull his gun. is fired up on adrenalin.
What the hell is he going to do? Jim's men look at him.
He raises his pistol, grabs the door handle and pulls.
Tom hears an angry yell.
A glass window is smashed and water floods into the boat showroom.
The engines are shut down.
Flashlight beams stab into the room.
Ray pulls a gun, starts shooting.
That stops the room.
Wayne goes to Tom's cell door and pulls it shut with a click.
He yells as the wire cuts into him.
Touch the top of the desk, start pulling it toward him, and he just gets a firm grip on the desk when...  Smashes into a window, bending in the bars on the window, shattering the glass, letting a torrent of water into the room.
Kenny shuts off the engine of the one remaining jet-ski.
Jim shuts down the boat engine.
At the end of the street explodes as water hits it.
Explodes.
Jim cocks the hammer on his pistol.
The Sheriff stops shooting, yells at the others.
Stops his boat.
He turns to see...  Shooting back at Wayne with Ray's gun.
Curses and pulls back, too.
Tom guns it and the boat tears off.
Tom shuts the door.
Tom grabs a rifle, frustrated and angry.
The bottles hit, explode.
Smashes through a window.
He throws them over the banister.
Jumps back, startled, looking down at...  Holes explode in the floor, sending up small geysers of water.
Looks at Jim, disappointed, angry, then hurries to Hank's boat.
A large V is being cut in the top of the dam by the raging water.
Wrong.
It explodes.
Starts to scream.
The side has been smashed out of the boat and the boat is flooding with water.
smashing into the mud, as a football OFFENSIVE LINE comes set, frosted breath steaming across to: The DEFENSIVE LINE digging in, ready to explode.
The two expressionless men still have not stirred.
The sound of a gun being cocked.
The stranger wears a fierce bear head as hat.
The door slams.
Rooster cocks his head.
Quincy jerks up one knee, banging the bottom of the table and sloshing Rooster's sofky as he grabs something from his boot: a knife.
Rooster has his gun out now and fires.
LeBoeuf unholsters a gun and points it at the four men.
None of the riders bothers to unholster a gun.
He pulls out a navy six-gun and fires.
Rooster cocks his head at the landed bottle several paces distant.
It explodes.
A beat, and he pulls out his six-gun and fires in.
Rain patters on his hat.
She refuses to take it.
She lies down again.
Chaney grabs the gun and flings it away, then holds on to Mattie and slaps her.
He puts a muddy boot on her neck.
He has a round face and idiot eyes.
He makes loud turkey-gobbling noises at Mattie.
Lucky Ned speaks quietly, without lowering the glass: From somewhere in the woods below we hear the idiot's gobbling noises.
The well dressed man and the idiot trudge up from the woods onto the rock ledge.
As Chaney moans the idiot makes calf- bawling noises in imitation.
The idiot is still bawling.
Chaney grabs a stone and flings it at him and the idiot scampers back, making goat noises.
His gaze then swings to the idiot.
Her clawing stops.
The idiot is gaily waving a revolver over his head, not firing, squawking like a chicken as he charges.
He cocks his head to sight, puffing pipesmoke.
He screams as the gun roars and bucks back into his shoulder.
Mattie screams.
She grabs it up.
Tree branches slap at him and take his hat.
Mattie screams.
Rooster gives inarticulate curses as he kicks it on.
One doffs his hat and rises when Mattie addresses the pair; the other stays seated, slurping from his bottle.
But Claudia doesn't take note of it; she is too busy fuming over Anna's lack of consideration, eager to let them both understand that she is sick and tired of waiting around.
Slightly off to one side, Raimondo is exploring the depths, with his spear-gun in hand, ready to shoot.
She is obviously piqued and angry, but more with herself than with Anna.
He is staring at Patrizia with such an intense expression that she becomes thoroughly annoyed and says to him, as she continues working at her puzzle: Coming down the steps that lead into the cabin, Claudia overhears the end of the conversation, and decides to withdraw.
She turns and walks away in a rage.
Ignoring Sandro's remark, Claudia turns and determinedly heads towards the interior of the island.
As he arrives on the scene, two policemen step out of the confusion dragging a large crate, which they carry over to the door of a nearby shack, amid the protests of the islanders who are still arguing and shouting among themselves.
He stops -- angry, disappointed and upset.
The girl immediately strikes a pose.
Claudia resigns herself to escorting Giulia to the floor up above.
Before anybody has a chance to say anything, she heads towards the door, swings it open and stands firmly on the threshold,  obviously intent on telling Claudia to leave.
Giulia takes a few steps backward into the room, and seeing Claudia still there looking at her strangely, exclaims: And with a violent bang that leaves Claudia startled, Giulia slams the door shut.
They are words of protest but spoken condescendingly, almost sweetly, yet leaving no doubt as to their meaning.
But he is unable to ignore them; they plainly annoy him.
Claudia remains standing, somewhat annoyed by the crowd of people around her. Patrizia rises and leads Claudia out to a terrace that overlooks the entire bay which is dotted with lights.
As Ettore returns to his friends with whom he had been speaking and laughing, Sandro looks at him almost with a sense of rage.
With an angry gesture, Sandro finishes his drink, gulping the whiskey down in one fast swallow.
Vince ducks as Christy throws an ashtray at him, and it smashes against the wall.
She is caught between tears and rage.
Christy grabs the mink and heads out the door.
Joey slams Ernie on the side of the head with the gun.
They hear a muffled SCREAM, from elsewhere in the convent.
As Joey opens the door for him, another car drives by, and stops.
They wear large, ungainly straw hats over their wimples.
Christy has been given a hoe and a straw hat.
We hear Christy SCREAM, O.S.
They stop by a door.
After the door shuts, Christy stands and looks out the one small window in her cell.
Mother Superior is seated behind her desk; she is very angry.
Mother Superior is striding down the hall; she is livid.
Christy takes her dust rag and pretends to polish the receiver.
They scream, and Christy grabs Mary Robert and throws her out of the car's path; the two women land on a pile of garbage bags.
Mother Superior is livid.
The Dealer turns and walks back to his house with anger.
In one stride, he grabs his hat and coat and is out the door on the run.
Christy, frustrated, leaves the room.
Parker looks annoyed -- he doesn't like deviations from procedure -- but after a moment of indecision, he sets the file folder on Tate's desk and walks away.
Mother Superior and the nuns are arguing with the MANAGER of the airport, a grouchy guy in grease-stained overalls.
He's getting angry.
With a fierce jerk, she pulls the neckties with all her might, smashing Joey's head against Willy's.
Before them is a large room filled with glitter and sin, the SOUND of jackpots and crap tables.
Everyone at the table turns toward Christy, outraged.
He is furious.
Inside, huddled together against the rage outside, are a small group of people.
Before them, on the cramped altar, lies a man.
A place of seedy, anonymous brick flophouses shackled by rusting fire escapes, lying on an alley unique only for its bad drainage.
Lumpy iron bed, sink that's been pissed into one too many times, and SIMON; a man in a tight sweater and dark sunglasses, busily emptying his pockets on the ruined dresser: loose change, a town paper's obituary column.
The gargoyle SMACKS the frame and COLLAPSES, his head CRACKING on the sill and FORCING a shard of glass through his neck.
Thomas sits at his desk half-heartily trying to make sense of the three dozen files piled there.
The boy is pissed, embarrassed.
He comes upstairs to the landing, where the door to the room is covered with a strip of yellow tape: POLICE INVESTIGATION.
Gabriel pulls the tape aside and KICKS the door open.
Thomas is left alone with Player (priest.)
The guard SMACKS against the wall and crumples out of view.
Tiled floor and refrigerated corpses.
The class immediately erupts into goofing off.
Brutal.
Suddenly her face cracks as her voice chokes with a sob.
And all around them the sucking blackness of the earth.
Flashes of images: Of screams and fire.
The images are driving them mad.
He immediately pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end of the hall and KICKS it in.
Thomas cries out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off an ear.
Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the bed as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thomas up against the wall.
He THROWS Thomas down onto a table, SPLINTERING it.
Thomas suddenly slams his fist against the wall in anger.
A fire has been built on the kiva's floor.
Shrieking, a mad porcelain banshee out of the dusk, Rachael catches up and TACKLES him.
Mad with pain and anger and desperation, Thomas manages to climb to a shaky crouch, Rachael still shrieking on his back.
He walks to the second and KICKS its door down.
Steps up to the kiva door and KICKS it.
A claw.
Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who groans at the sight of him.
The room goes insane.
The Sheriff takes his hat off.
Beat.
Norman stops.
A Claire's chin begins to tremble and she chokes out a sob.
The noise abruptly stops.
Cards with faces swarm chaotically across the screen with the message:  YOU WIN! Without warning, the radio dial rips cacophonously past several stations and comes to a stop on some angry, punkish rock and roll.
The whispering stops.
She stops by the door to watch him.
She hears a car door slam and glances out the window in time to see Mr. Feur driving off.
Slam.
Beat.
He pulls out a cell phone and punches in a number.
Claire looks sucker punched.
Beat.
She wheels on him with fury.
Beat.
Beat.
Sobbing, she shuts off the squeaky faucets and struggles to pull him upright.
She's sucked down into the water.
Protruding from its lock... THE INTERLOCKED CIRCLES.
He takes the phone, punches in three numbers, waits.
Steam drifts out through the crack.
Norman stops.
Norman explodes backwards, slamming his head into the BRASS SHOWER NOZZLE.
THUD!
She flips open the cell phone and punches in 911.
Claire desperately punches the "talk" button again... "NO SERVICE."
Claire punches the talk button again.
A TRAILER CRANK punches through the window.
She hears the hissing of the smashed radiator, then sees Norman, a shattered bloody mess on the floor of the cab.
Her ribs have just cleared the glass when a bloody fist locks onto her ankle and yanks her inside.
The sound of a furious cello solo.
The glass barely touches his lips as he freezes at the SOUND OF DROPPING TRAYS and a PIERCING SCREAM.
He stands there and even in the darkness WE CAN OBSERVE that he is an angry man.
The Time Traveller stands there until he hears the FRONT DOOR SHUT.
His eyes gleam with a mad light, half pleasure, half pain.
During this: Suddenly he hears the SOUNDS OF AIRPLANES and EXPLOSIONS in a strangely ACCELERATED manner.
The two opposite elements, molten rock and cold green water, dwarf the ruined city as they leap toward each other, and meet with explosive fury.
With sudden violence he slams his fist into a whole shelf of books.
He turns back in anger.
The ECHOING SIRENS are now getting on his nerves.
He clutches at Morlock's throat, banging his head against the rock wall, finally throwing him off ledge.
The burning torch catches the Cauldron on fire, which quickly spreads across the floor of the Cavern, to the steaming Machine on the right, which explodes.
Another Morlock comes from behind machine, as fire creeps across floor, almost reaches machine at same time as fire - and it explodes.
They stop and stare at the sight of the Morlock world being destroyed below.
Staring into the vast destruction.
Mrs. Watchett listens as Filby moves to the imprint in the floor where the Machine first stood and explains.
They stop at the door and Mrs. Watchett stands beside Filby as he opens it.
Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMCORDER.
AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a number of pieces.
Then, the sound of a CAR ENGINE turning off and a door SLAMMING is heard.
And than it STRIKES.
They make a mad dash for the jungle.
Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
He wants everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
A beat.
Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot.
She SCREAMS.
The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in the room.
As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one of the open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them.
Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor SLAMS into it, driving the door into the cage.
The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door.
They almost catch her as Billy and Paul pull her back up on the limb The raptors stare up at them, angry their plan didn't work.
They coop him up.
The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle free.
But his smile quickly fades as he sees diving down from above in angry pursuit of their lost prey.
Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swarms around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.
We float under the gigantic, arching necks of eighty-foot BRACHIOSAURS.
Grant shuts off the phone.
Spinosaurus grabs the cage and Paul, throwing both straight up out of the water.
Steve Bolander stops the elegant machine and gets out.
He looks slightly ridiculous but always thinks he's projecting an air of supercool.
Her tone changes immediately.
He passes a group of guys bullshitting around the raised hood of a souped-up parked car.
She takes Eddie by the hand and leaves Steve fuming with Peg.
He stares at her and she shuts up.
John pulls the car over and stops.
Standing among the crowd, Steve and Laurie both look angry.
She slams the door.
Terry is destroyed.
The owner puts everything into a bag and starts to ring it up.
The owner takes the money from him and gives him his change.
Suddenly, the owner emerges from behind the counter, shooting wildly.
John sticks his hand into his pockets moodily and stops and looks at one of the burnt-out cars.
Joe unbends and lightly punches Curt on the shoulder.
Joe gives him another charming punch on the shoulder.
Even John has to chuckle at the mad D.J.'s raspy patter.
Carol jumps out of the car as John stops the car in the right hand lane next to the Cadillac.
She puts her coke on the floor.
He motions for her to shut up and they listen.
He stops by a parking meter and sinks down on top of it.
He punches it and wheels into a fast U-turn.
The hoods have quit playing with Terry and are punching him.
Terry is upset now.
He sucks on a popsicle.
As it does the manager punches some buttons and the record segues into a Wolfman howl and then the distinctive Wolfman voice takes over.
Falfa looks insane as he tromps it.
He pulls him off by the neck of the shirt and when they're a few yards off, Falfa's '55 Chevy does blow--exploding like a small A-bomb, blowing it into Modesto history.
O.S. arguing "I DID NOT!" "YES YOU DID!" "LIAR!" etc.
Roberta disappears inside and slams the window shut.
A beat.
Roberta knocks on Janet's door.
For the first measures, Janet's still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won over.
A beat.
This makes De Sean blush -- and it pisses him off.
He keeps one eye on a stack of quizzes that he's marking, stopping to circle mistakes with the pen.
The students immediately start to chatter.
He looks back at Roberta, annoyed by her intrusion.
This embarrasses her, then pisses her off.
Roberta walks through crowds of kids towards Janet who's in the middle of confronting a boy student.
Roberta listens to the students play "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" -- badly.
Lexi looks upset; Nick is stoic.
There's a KNOCK on the DOOR.
He looks sexy as hell (even with a silly lit-up Santa Claus pin on his leather jacket.),
Roberta takes this in, upset.
He stalks towards Nick menacingly, picks him up and pretends he's going to throw him into the water.
He pretends again to throw Nick in, then puts him down.
Nick THROWS the violin against the floor.
His tone and expression tell her the words are not forthcoming.
LAMB and her husband, watching Becky in amazement; ISABEL and her daughter sitting with ASSUNTA, NICK and LEXI; JANET, impressed as hell; and DENNIS, seething with jealousy.
Rachel stops, frustrated.
Roberta illegally parks her old Honda, rushes out of the car, grabs her book bags and three violins, pulls a parking ticket from her pocket and puts it on the windshield.
Ramon sits on the floor, upset, half-heartedly building with Legos, while his parents argue in the KITCHEN.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
A beat.
A beat.
He dashes off, a barrage of Spanish and English curses behind him, and crosses to his sister, waiting for him DOWN THE STREET.
Roberta stops.
A beat.
The room electrifies with nerves.
Butt-Head puts the woman down and he and Beavis begin to go at it, leveling the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack-fights.
We see a CROWBAR lying on the floor, and the front door left open.
Butt-Head slaps a pimp.
People stop their screaming.
Beavis is in the doorway SCREAMING.
The pilots SCREAM.
HARLAN and ROSS, the two dumb-looking rough-necks that stole B&B's TV are standing outside Muddy's motel room.
Harlan knocks on the door.
Annoyed, the bellboy leaves.
B&B are left alone.
Butt-Head grabs Beavis' neck.
She shuts the door, leaving B&B outside.
Just as the elevator doors shut, dozens of federal agents with guns rush in and kick open Dallas' door.
A disaster.
They're smashed by the flood.
Flemming and several of his agents get out and head immediately for the dam.
B&B looking particularly stupid.
TIGHT ON Beavis' butt, as Butt-head KICKS IT REPEATEDLY.
B&B press their BARE ASSES against the window.
Ahead of them they see a DUMB GUY and a DUMBER GUY with motorcycles parked.
An agent interrupts, punching Van Driessen in the gut.
It's the DUMB GUY and DUMBER GUY from the desert.
The Dumb Guy looks like an older, more stupid, version of Butt- Head.
Dumb Guy punches Dumber Guy in the head with a closed fist.
Dumb Guy gets up, turns his butt towards the fire and starts to drop his pants.
The Dumb Guy and Dumber Guy are gone.
Several other sperm charge in, knocking Beavis into the egg.
Beavis tries to run, but hits the road and flips over and over - and smashes his butt.
His body stops in the middle of the road.
Other cars behind it smash and pile up.
Muddy cocks his gun.
Muddy finishes tying Dallas' hands behind her back.
He's too loud now for Sandy to ignore.
ON FLEMMING AND THE HEAD SECRET SERVICE GUY - arguing.
He shouts in frustration.
Beavis goes into Anderson's camper and shuts the door.
Tom throws Beavis/Cornholio out the door.
B&B head off into the sunset, trading lame insults as we FADE OUT.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
top.location.href=location.href
SKIP BAKER, who is thirteen, crawls out of his pigeon cage, holding two birds that he throws up in the air.
A group of kids walking by Rodney's window shout insulting things about his horn playing.
Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the door.
Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in.
Junior is irritated at his brother.
Linda lets out a little scream.
A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against the china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR.
Harry hides his anger about being touched with the broom.
A dog starts to bark and a garbage can is knocked over.
He fans himself with his hat.
Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand.
Suzie knocks on the door.
Hattie hates it when he comes near her.
Hattie is angered.
There is dislike in her stare.
She is so mad that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
People near him try to make him slow down but his pride forces him to be ridiculous.
She throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
He claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO through the house.
Suzie knocks on the door.
The suitcases are in the middle of the floor.
He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
Junior gets more violent and starts to shake the car.
He refuses but she tries to pull his hand towards her.
Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
The bleeding has stopped.
He gets into an argument with the people on the other end of the phone.
She has an angry expression.
Sunny follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him.
She slams the door.
Harry's body lies on the floor.
In the clearing, a UC JOCK stands behind his ASIAN GIRLFRIEND, kissing her neck and removing her clothes.
And on cue comes the ring of the doorbell and the simultaneous pounding of angry Navy fists on the back door.
The two big guys with bad haircuts hold Jerry off the ground while the earnstwhile Chevy owner goes through his pockets.
Jerry's got on a hat made from Coors beer cans.
They've pulled to a stop.
Sheeni stops.
Stops to regard the reproduction of Massaccio's Expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden on the wall.
Sheeni wears Khakis, red bandanna neckerchief, and an Australian bush hat.
Mrs. Saunders starts screaming too, the sound of a pig being slaughtered.
Albert WHIMPERS and cocks his head.
Francois cocks the machine-gun.
He slams the door.
They both start screaming as they are blasted with cold water.
A BLOODCURDLING SCREAM rises up from the home.
The screen door slams behind him.
She lets out a scream.
She slams the door.
The Berkeley fire rages on the television.
Estelle screams into the phone.
Nick leans back and glares in silent protest as everyone takes their seats at the table.
Nick tries to shut out the sound of Dwayne getting into the creaky bed behind him.
Nick waits a beat, staring in disbelief.
Beat.
Beat.
And with that he cocks the Thompson for dramatic flare.
Nick knocks on the door.
You know damn well, Nick.
He slams down the phone.
The Viewscreen now shows TWO TRANSPORT SHIPS trapped like insects in the violent torrent of energy.
The ships are being buffeted and thrown about by large TENDRILS of CRACKLING ENERGY.
Kirk shuts up.
The ship is destroyed by an energy tendril.
BULKHEAD EXPLODES, sending metal fragments screaming across the Bridge and KILLING the Navigator.
He stops and reacts.
His expression is dark and angry.
She dabs a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth...  her expression is angry and threatening.
A jolt.
He turns and manually SHUTS the hatch behind him.
Moves away from the battle section...  before it can completely escape, the battle section EXPLODES -- the force of the explosion hits the saucer section, knocking it toward the planet.
Everyone is knocked to their knees.
reacts.
A beat.
Kirk moves to the stove and tosses out the ruined eggs.
-- Kirk punches Soran and sends him flying backward.
His look of shock turns to fury and madness.
Dead.
She grabs the box of bullets and throws them in, too.
Doors on the coroner's van SLAM shut.
The room is a mess.
Darryl is mad, but he's still watching the game.
This only makes him madder.
He stops at the door.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
Another KNOCK.
She looks disheveled but is grinning like an idiot.
She's in a world of shit.
Darryl stands and crosses the hall to the room as the door shuts in his face.
Darryl tries the doorknob, but the door is locked.
Everyone is very disappointed, taking off their headsets, turning off tape recorders and looking at Darryl like he's an idiot.
On hearing this Louise mouths the word "shit" in a very frustrated way.
Louise yanks open her car door, gets in and slams the door and fires up the ENGINE.
The car is SCREAMING down the road.
It's Thelma and she puts the gun to his head.
Frustrated, Hal slams down the phone.
She points the gun at it, takes a second to get a bead, then SHOOTS two of the tires flat.
They both turn towards the truck and FIRE rounds into the tankers until they EXPLODE in a huge ball of fire.
The truck driver screams at the top of his lungs.
As she gets to the road she stops.
They both scream.
He screams and ducks down into the seat.
Louise FLOORS it and her car screams ahead.
Louise puts the car in gear and FLOORS it.
We see the one colored blue throw; his disk smashes into the second warrior, and he dissolves into thousands of glowing lines.
sneering, as he uses his electronic cesta to hurl the pellet back with violent force.
They stop in front of a cell, the guard opens the door and shoves the protesting captive inside.
The door SLAMS shut, locked.
He throws it back.
Flynn throws again.
The pellet destroys the ring he was standing on, and Crom has to grab frantically at the edge of the next ring to keep from falling.
His face lit from below by the glow of the Game Grid...  angry He puts down his cesta.
His face suffused with anger.
SMASHING another one of the Blue Warriors against a wall.
One of them glows brilliantly as he touches it, and the Recognizer gives a violent shake, then stops.
The Bit gives a violent start and leaps back, out of the way, but immediately comes back, peering at Flynn.
Before the Bit can answer, Flynn's power flows into the Recognizer, and it takes off like a bat out of hell heading for the city.
as the Reco screeches to a screaming stop...  but the head of it, with Flynn and the Bit, breaks loose, and flies through the air, landing in what looks like a garbage dump.
His eyes are shut.
Tron and Yori stop at the foot of Dumont's altar.
The top of the cone is a flat, sliced-off surface.
furious.
from the stern.
Tron picks himself up from the floor where he was thrown when the Sailer took off, and heads for Yori (at the camera.).
Sark flings his disk with a violent jerk of his wrist.
We see Tron throw his own weapon.
Sark deflects it and immediately throws his own disk.
Tron throws.
Tron continues to throw.
Her eyes stay shut for a second, then open.
Flynn gets up off the floor, goes over to the printer, and READS the document.
Soldiers scream and go nuts.
"I Can't Do Nothing For Ya Man" by Public Enemy blasts.
The Officer does not move, Troy punches his head once.
Vig takes out a U.S. Army pen and uses it to unroll the greasy paper and lie it flat on the sand. is a handwritten map, with scant Arabic writing, a few spare roads, numbers, and three small boxes.
The door explodes open and two MPs grab Archie, pants around his ankles, and drag him from the truck.
Vig fires his pistols with fury at a series of stuffed animals on logs -- blowing the stuffed animals to smithereens.
Doc fires the M-16 and blows the ball to pieces.
Doc throws a ball.
Troy shoots the door lock with his pistol.
Archie kicks the door repeatedly.
They point their guns.
An Iraqi soldier fires a grenade-launcher off his shoulder which explodes the container on the back of the truck -- Milk explodes everywhere, gushing around the wheels of the Humvee and the feet of Archie and the others.
Raging oil fires, 50 feet high -- billowing black smoke.
TWO SOLDIERS grab the Woman from the Man With Glasses, and drag her into a circle with three other soldiers; the ten year-old girl with dirty casts on both arms, screams and punches at them.
The Iraqi Captain paces frantically punching and kicking the walls and talking (SUBTITLED in ENGLISH.).
The Iraqi Captain goes nuts, throwing himself on Doc's back, choking Doc, who flails about.
Troy punches the Iraqi in the head and rips him off Doc.
She is grabbed by the hair and pulled away by an Iraqi soldier, but the Man In Glasses punches him and takes the girl.
The Iraqi Major is pissed.
CUT BACK TO the Major pauses, then smashes the barrel of his machine gun, with Archie's hand, against the Humvee.
Blood dribbles out the bottom of his pants leg like piss.
NO SOUND except for the SLOW MOTION SOUND of the BULLET EXPLODING.
THE ONLY SOUND is the IRAQI'S HEARTBEAT, the bullet tearing flesh and crushing bone, and the heartbeat stopping with a VIOLENT SPLASH.
PAN TO -- slightly slow motion: NO SOUND EXCEPT THE BULLET TEARING INTO IRAQI 7'S KNEE, smashing through bone.
SLOW MOTION: tracer bullets slice across the face of Iraqi 5 and Iraqi 2 in the rear, NO SOUND BUT THE BULLETS BREAKING SLOW MOTION: Archie jams his pistol under the Major's chin and FIRES -- the ONLY SOUND IS THE.
Vig pushes the Humvee's accelerator to the floor.
The Shiite Man In Glasses and his Little Girl cling to the Humvee as they sit on top of the Vuitton hat cases with eight other Shiites, including TWO FIVE YEAR OLDS, A BOY AND GIRL.
REAR OF HUMVEE, SLOW MOTION: half the Shiites hunch down, bracing for an explosion while the other half crane their necks, looking straight up into the sky.
The Hummer drives ten yards, hits the first mine with an explosion and flies into the air -- Flying debris smashes the windshield.
Vig punches Doc in the side of the head.
Iraqi soldiers strip Troy's clothes as he stands in front of Oasis Bunker surrounded only by fortress ruins in the desert.
His clothes are thrown on top of him.
The door is slammed.
He frantically pushes stuff on the floor to block the door.
INTERCUT with bunker: FIRE and CONCRETE EXPLODE into one wall of the bathroom.
Another MORTAR SMASHES through the wall, covers Troy in dust.
Doc and Vig look pissed.
silently destroys Troy's suburban house.
Doc slams in a CD-- TRADITIONAL IRAQI FOLK WAILING PLAYS.
Doc parks, blockading the rear door shut, and, with three Shiite riflemen, jumps out.
Wads of plastic explosive are taped to the grill of the car as it speeds towards the bunker, then drifts to the side -- He jumps up and down and points, but the Infiniti goes far to the side of the bunker and guards point their guns at Vig and the Shiite and they run into the desert as bullets pop around them.
Archie lights a fuse sticking out of the plastic explosive, and drops it into the vent.
An Iraqi helicopter comes in fast and opens FIRE with MACHINE GUNS -- Vig runs toward the bunker for cover, but is cut off by MACHINE GUN FIRE from THE CHOPPER.
The chopper FIRES and one of the Shiites running with Vig is hit in the head, thrown by the force of the gunshot into Vig, who goes down, faking it.
Archie goes down the right side, kicks open a door -- It's the bathroom full of stolen stuff and cell phones -- Doc goes down the left side of the room -- kicks in a door -- a room full of Benneton sweaters in all colors.
It FIRES A GRENADE which EXPLODES next to Archie and Troy.
Archie pretends to throw with nothing in his hand.
The ball hits the ground and EXPLODES.
He pulls out the second ball, cuts another fuse, affixes it.
They bolt out the door, Troy and Archie FIRING pistols, Doc in the middle with the ball.
PAN TO - SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- the ball hits the chopper broadside and THE CHOPPER EXPLODES INTO A BALL OF FIRE.
SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- Vig is hit in the collar bone, ONLY THE SOUND OF THE BULLET SMASHING HIS FLESH AND BONE.
Elsa shuts the door.
Back below, the crowd parts for a troll as old as the Earth.
Over the King's words we...  -The Arendelle castle gates shutting.
-Anna rushes to the hall to see Elsa shut the door to her new room.
The sea rages in a storm.
Breaks it.
We cut between Anna's excitement and Elsa's nerves.
Anna steps cautiously through the door--which hits her frozen butt and knocks her into the center of the shop.
Stalemate.
Oaken slams the door.
He considers, lies back down, pulls his hat over his eyes.
Annoyed, Kristoff offers Sven a carrot.
Anna SCREAMS!
Then she grabs a snowball and throws it at Marshmallow.
They hear an angry ROAR coming closer.
Kristoff passes out and hangs like a rag doll.
They both SCREAM!
The awkwardness is killing him.
She shivers.
TROLLS beat.
He pulls off her cape and hat.
A bunch of trolls give each other kisses.
Elsa snaps out of her rage.
Kristoff takes off his hat and puts it on her head.
He goes to the window and shuts the curtains.
Hans leaves and shuts her in, locking the door.
Anna struggles to the door, yanks on the locked handle.
But not yet satisfied, she turns back and punches him right in the face.
At various points, several BUMS warm their hands at trash-can fires.
Suddenly - SMASH! - the doors burst open from the other side.
The teenage boy lies flat on his back semi-conscious, his eyelids fluttering, his breathing shallow.
The SCREAM continues, a howling horrible sound.
floor and pushes through the crowd to follow.
The dialogue prompts a more furious effort on the part of the POV camera.
JP lets the useless gun fall from his hand.
Many books are lying on the sofa, the table, and the floor.
It's tense.
What the hell is going on?
The sounds of confused battle are heard OFF; helicopters, gun- fire, distant explosions, screams of the dying and the wounded Leaves and branches SMACK against the frame as the unseen dreamer rushes confusedly through the dense forest.
A low angry BUZZING.
She's upset.
Pinhead: suddenly animate and furious; eyes wide open, face contorted in frustrated rage, black arms clawing at the air.
Terri fights back, screaming her disbelief and struggling and kicking against him.
Terri throws herself back from the monster's grabbing arms.
Pinhead snarls in frustration, hands clenched in fists of rage.
The door BLASTS open explosively from within.
Is it a bomb?
The Elder Cop gut-punches him and Eddie doubles up.
SLAM!
A beat.
And the audience screams!
Joey throws her hands to her mouth and screams.
Behind him, instead of her kitchen, is the black space of Hell - like the Torture Rooms in HELLRAISER and HELLBOUND, it is full of shadowy pillars and chains.
She reaches it, throws it open ...  and screams.
She throws that one open ...
Miriam shuts off the penlight and looks at Catherine with professional and personal concern.
He opens his mouth in a silent scream.
She shuts the refrigerator door and we linger on an odd POSTCARD taped to the surface.
Valentine cowers in the back of his cage, hating this.
SNARLING!
Ramsey snaps shut the cell-phone.
Her bare feet try to adjust to the tile floor, but it's fucking cold.
BAM!  FOUR MEN KICK in and proceed through the FRONT DOOR!
Novak is past angry.
As Cooperman shows them out, Henry seals shut the door.
Catherine's eye shuts.
Catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, BUT She brutally grabs Catherine, THROWS her against the wall and SMACKS her head against it.
Catherine drops to the floor like a rag doll.
Guilty.
She prods him.
As Stargher is lifted off the pedestal, the doors HISS shut and Valentine curls up on the floor beneath his master.
Catherine's eyes shut.
The electronic HUM becomes RHYTHMIC, AMBIENT NOISE.. INSIDE THE BOX, staying calm, she searches for and finds a TRAP DOOR on the floor.
Dozens of other such domes are visible in the murky hell-hole, but Catherine has no choice.
The dish slips from her fingers and SHATTERS on the floor.
With a finger to his lips, he pockets the locket and shuts the door.
She POUNDS.
The woman cowers, familiar with his violent moods.
She gives him a supportive touch on the shoulder, exits and shuts the door.
Novak catches only a fleeting glimpse of the monster before Stargher King GRABS him by the throat and SMASHES his head against a pedestal.
Novak shuts his eyes and silently tells himself, Not real.
Stargher King grabs his throat and traces the blade down the center of Novak's torso.
NOVAK SCREAMS!
This fucking hurts!
His throat wounded, bloody mess, he descends out of dark nothingness, HOWLING with rage.
Angry and stunned, she demands of Catherine.
Novak pulls his ID BADGE and smacks it against the glass.
Malcolm stabs the pitchfork into the ground in useless anger; John still grips the axe as he follows his father through the hanging bodies of the noblemen to the back row, to see the one man in commoner's dress, like theirs...
Longshanks' eyes expand in fury; it is frightening to see.
He looks up at his wife, as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and heaves!
Playfully he pokes his finger under the collar of her dress, pulling up the strip of checked cloth he gave her at their wedding, which she now wears hidden around her neck.
He slaps the horse's rump and it plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes.
The Magistrate is a battlescarred veteran, a brutal pragmatist angry with his CORPORAL.
Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falters.
Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
Longshanks slaps his son, knocking him down among the colored balls and wickets.
English LORD DOLECROFT is in command, wearing a hat with a pompous white plume.
Joy explodes on his face, and he runs to her, but stops before he touches her, as if she might evaporate.
They burst into the little clearing; the dogs find a body, stabbed, his throat cut; the dogs plunge their snouts into the gore, yipping wildly.
Their lances are useless and it's too late to stop!
Meanwhile, on the other side of the bridge, Wallace and his charging men slam into the English infantry with wild fury.
With rising desire to join the bandwagon, the nobles spur...  DOWN ON THE PLAIN, Wallace and the attacking men drive the English back, killing as they go.
He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack, parrying, letting his arms be cut.
Then Longshanks unleashes his own hateful fury; he grapples with Edward, knocking the dagger away and hurling him to the floor; then Longshanks kicks his son, again and again.
He exhausts his fury on him.
Wallace and the princess are left alone.
As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into the muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it.
sits up gawking as the door explodes inward and Wallace rides through!
But hatred still glows in his eyes.
The angry, defeated magistrate gives a signal.
The heavy door clangs shut behind him.
It's a DOGFIGHT!
The TECHNICIAN slips the blood sample through a slot in the wall.
He's in a box here.
Then, to the TV, where a CARTOON COMMERCIAL makes raucous noises.
The MOTHER slams down the phone.
Nuts?
He's upset.
A beat.
He shuts the door behind him, leaving her alone.
RAILLY hurries to the door to lock it as BEN says to FALE, The three ACTIVISTS are tied tightly together in the middle of the floor in this dimly-lit, windowless basement.
MALCOLM MASON, being escorted by a phalanx of riot cops through a mob of raging activists.
COLE holds up a clipping showing horrified SENATORS standing on their desks as RATTLESNAKES slither along the Senate Floor.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
SMASH.
Then, the trunk swings open and COLE stands in the moonlight, looking down RAILLY is in the trunk, tears of rage and frustration in her eyes.
He slips, falls, and she starts kicking him as she rants hysterically.
PETERS, the red- haired man who insisted to Dr. Railly you didn't have to be insane to think the world was coming to an end.
From littered doorways, DERELICTS sneak peeks at RAILLY as she, seemingly mad, shakes the doorknob, then hammers on the door.
COLE sits on the lumpy bed in the dingy room, watching RAILLY pace back and forth like a mad woman.
POLICE OFFICERS, led by the PLAINCLOTHES COP, make a cautious entrance onto the 4th floor, guns drawn.
HIS POV:  the open window... the blood on the floor.
The GARBAGE BAG squirms and grunts as JEFFREY holds a map under a flashlight and goes over "the plan" with the other ACTIVISTS.
CLOSE ON A GORILLA, by moonlight, angry, a true nightmare vision.
Upset.
CLOSE ON COLE, dozing fitfully, as the SOUNDS of SCREAMING BIRDS continue.
Frustrated, JOSE conceals the gun but keeps a grip on COLE'S arm.
COLE accepts the gun this time, resigned now.
ANGLE ON RAILLY, raging as the SECOND SECURITY OFFICER jabs her with his finger.
The SECURITY OFFICER is retrieving a pair of jockey shorts from the floor beside the search table.
The FIRST SECURITY OFFICER tries to stop COLE, but COLE knocks him aside like a rag doll.
We see CLINT BARTON, dressed in black tactical gear, is up on the railings watching them below, Fury calls Barton on his earpiece.
Walks up to Fury.
Loki looks at his spear then suddenly points it at where Fury and Barton are standing and SHOOTS OUT A BLUE EXPLODING LIGHT TOWARDS THEM.
BARTON TACKLES Fury and they both barely miss Loki's fired shot.
Fury is sitting up, pulling out the bullet, breathing heavily.
Suddenly, Hill turns to SHOOT AT BARTON, but Barton is already POINTING HIS GUN at her and starts SHOOTING, he moves the driver's seat of the truck and DRIVES OFF as Hill keeps shooting.
Fury is holding his side, running.
The energy is really brewing a fucking shit storm from the vacuum chamber ceiling.
A drive-by shooting ensues.
Fury races out of the hallway, avoiding falling pipes.
They run out of there like a bat from hell.
Agent Hill figures `fuck it' and SHOOTS her windshield OPENING FIRE on Barton.
But Fury's chopper BARELY makes it out.
From the chopper's door, it slides open and Fury stands there, holding a gun, SHOOTING at Barton's, giving an honoring image of Loki looks at Fury and in a fit of RAGE, points his scepter SHOOTS OUT THE BLUE LIGHT.
Fury, like the boss he is, JUMPS OUT and touches down onto the desert floor.
Fury, coming back to his senses, FIRES at Loki, but they're toofar and too late.
Fury stands there, MIND REELING.
A beat.
Fury stands there.
LUCHKOV takes the phone, pissed.
HOLY SHIT.
LUCHKOV places the cell phone against Natasha's ear seeing how she's tied to a chair with her hands tied behind her back.
A beat.
Giving her momentum, she runs at him DROP KICKING him, FALLS DOWN and FLIPS right back up and WRAPS HER LEGS AROUND HIS NECK She grabs LUCHKOV, wraps his leg around with a hanging chain and drops him down the open floor, dangling.
The THUNDEROUS TONE in is voice makes Natasha QUICKLY grab her gun and point it at him, but something is now OFF in the atmosphere.
Somewhere in an old, almost WWII-esque boxing gym, STEVE ROGERS, a man out of time, THE FIRST AVENGER, FUCKIN' CAPTAIN AMERICA is PUMMELING a punching bag.
Steve's rage keeps building as he punches the bag.
Steve opens his eyes and fuckin' tears the bag as the last memory kicks in.
He hooks the bag up and starts punching again.
Fury walks in.
The Hulk roars with fury as he slams a jeep apart.
Without realizing, Banner doesn't notice them walking as he isnervous as hell.
Turns to NICK FURY, who is at the command chair.
Nick Fury turns to Agent Coulson to explain, while Natasha Romanoff eyes an image of Clint Barton on a computer screen.
As the words resonate to the kneeling crowd, an ELDER GERMAN MAN refuses to kneel and stands, heroic.
A machine gun is pointed towards Loki.
What the fuck?
He looks down at his brother, who he thought to be dead and is angry to see him alive in this fashion.
Although Thor is pissed for what he has done, a family is everything to a man or god.
Right back at you, bitch!
THOR brings that hammer down onto the shield and a MASSIVE IMPLOSION OF LIGHT reacts to the vibranium shield creating a MASSIVE IRON MAN stands up, looking around like `holy shit.' Lying right next to him is Cap, who never takes his eye off Thor.
Fury presses a button which OPENS UP a HATCH underneath Loki's cell.
Without seeing, the sounds of GUSTING WIND would make man shit his pants.
Fury closes the hatch.
Fury walks off leaving Loki in his glass cell.
Steve walks in on them, pissed at Tony.
A beat.
I'd say I've expanded his mind.
Fury oversees.
Angry, he looks behind him and looks back into the crate.
Suddenly, Steve drops a HYDRA ASSAULT RIFLE on the table causing Fury, Banner and Tony to turn around.
Cap looks pissed.
Are you more crack...  above or below angry bees?
Back in the lab, the egos of these people keeping rubbing off each other and at any moment, the shit will hit the fan.
BLACK WIDOW and Fury have their hands down to grab their guns.
Steve, Fury, Thor and Tony are thrown across while Natasha and Banner is down in the lower equipment room.
For a man who grew up as a YANK, what the fuck is this!
The HULK SMASHES THE SHIT OUT OF IT.
He SHAKES it off and ANGRILY rips off the TAIL of the jet, TORQUES HIS BODY LIKE A GREEK DISCUS THROWER AND...  HURLS Thor SLIDES and DUCKS under the tail.
To no avail -- he strains with all his might, SCREAMS from the effort, BELLOWING.
Thor grabs his hammer, jumps on him, using the hammer as a lock for his CHOKEHOLD.
Fury FIRES a shot at the open entrance.
Watchful, ready, waiting...  Fury steps out, his GUN drawn.
A SHOOT OUT and HAND-TO-HAND ensues, but Fury is unable to stop one of them, which is why he is shot in the head by Agent Hill, who looks hot and sexy holding her gun.
HULK grabs him by the neck.
Evidently not as they begin SHOOTING at him and throwing grenades.
CAPTAIN AMERICA grabs a NOVESKE RIFLEWORKS DIPLOMAT (big word for big fuckin' gun.) and jumps back up to his position, firing down at them.
The gunfight has gone down, but more of Barton's men enter and are taken by Fury, who is confused as to why they keep coming.
Barton releases a multi-tipped arrow towards Fury, but instead hits his command desk, right above a USB Fury FIRES at Barton, but is already gone.
Thor, in a fit of anger, SLAMS MJOLNIR onto the glass cell.
He is now fucked.
Nick Fury looks on grimly at Coulson.
Fury throws Coulson's CAPTAIN AMERICA TRADING CARDS on the table towards Steve.
A LOUD NOISE SCREECHES.
In anger, Loki GRABS Tony by the throat and FLINGS him across the room.
Loki looks up, angry.
The CHITAURI unleashes BLASTS as it goes, blowing up cars, setting storefronts aflame.
The two battle -- Loki unleashing another pent-up rage and jealousy, Thor having no choice but to defend himself.
A DEEP, PRIMAL RAGE BELLOWS OUT.
From the portal, a FUCKING CHITAURI LEVIATHAN FLIES OUT! Carrying hundreds of SOLDIERS, the CHITAURI LEVIATHAN PASSES OVER the TRIO.
Then...  Loki stabs Thor with a small knife.
THE FIRST AVENGER RUNS LIKE A FUCKING CHEETAH.
They look up at this ridiculous looking man.
Way out of their fucking element.
THROWING THE DEAD CHITAURI SOLDIERS TOWARDS OTHER SOLDIERS.
A BLINDING BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the destruction going on in NEW YORK.
OH SHIT.
Fury presses his screen.
She TIRESOMELY takes it down by cutting its throat.
DEAD.
HULK PUNCHES THOR SELVIG WAKES UP FROM LOKI MIND CONTROL.
It CAPTAIN AMERICA jumps through the window and throws his SHIELD at the CHITAURI BOMBER.
CAPTAIN AMERICA flips over the SOLDIER, grabs his SHIELD and just as the BOMB is about to GO OFF, CHITAURI BOMBER dives for, trying to stop it, but it GOES OFF, sending CAPTAIN AMERICA through the window, landing very hard on a car.
Destroyed.
Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the WORLD Fury shuts off his viewscreen.
As Loki looks up, shocked at what just happened, THE HULK IS LEAPING UP AND KICKS LOKI, HURTLING TOWARDS THE GLASS WINDOW.
THOR rides on top of chariot, SMACKING SEVERAL RIDERS with the hammer.
Cap and Thor both throw their respected weapons.
Then...  THE HULK YELLS IN FURY.
THE NOISE STARTLES A beat.
Loki crawls onto the stair, looking like a piece of shit rag doll.
He turns TO FIND THE AVENGERS STARING AT HIM, PISSED.
Fury walks out, towards the bridge.
snaps up and the nose explodes, blood erupting.
And Trinity is moving again -- Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop A head explodes.
The cop begins to scream when a jump kick crushes his windpipe, killing the scream as he falls to the ground.
Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates.
An EL TRAIN RAGES against its metal rails.
She hangs up.
She seals his eyes shut with the tape.
In the circular window of the glasses, EXPLOSIONS light up a bloody battle field.
They break up.
Switch and Apoc stop at the doors.
They weave their way to the back of the bar, the STICKY FLOOR SNAPPING under their FEET.
It BREAKS against the linoleum floor.
The phone flips shut as he jumps up.
Those words stop the others dead in their tracks.
The door to the roof explodes open as heavily-armed rnen rush towards room 1313.
Morpheus stops as the scream is drowned by the REPORT of MACHINE GUNS filling the building with a terrible fury.
Gun smoke thickens the room, Cable blasting and moving until -- The HAMMER CLICKS empty.
He screams as a DOZEN GUNS OPEN FIRE, ripping him apart.
Cops flood the eighth floor, rushing everywhere.
He can hear WHISPERS, HISSES and a GRUNT when -- The WALL suddenly bulges, SHATTER-CRACKING as the Cop realizes -- Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE -- BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box of soot-black space.
They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful of her hair.
Their enemies are waiting for them.
Smith and Morpheus exchange a furious serious of blows that is witnessed but not believed by the surrounding police.
Agent Smith delivers a punishing kick that staggers Morpheus.
The DOOR CLANGS shut.
She hangs up.
He stabs the enter command activating the exit sequence and ducks under a BARRAGE of PLASMA FIRE- The PHONE begins to RING as the others crawl in.
Dozer charges, screaming, and the PLASMA RIFLE SCREAMS back.
He stands over the body of Morpheus, as his anger boils up out of him.
He grabs hold of the cable in Apoc's neck, twists it and yanks it out.
He takes hold of the cord when -- She hears an EXPLOSION and a scream.
Tank punches several commands on Morpheus' personal unit.
Rage overtakes her and she starts kicking hin.
He snap cocks an Uzi.
He is becoming angry.
Agent Smith smashes a table.
Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with thought-speed.
The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo twists, bends, ducks just between them.
The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons.
Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach himself but -- The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof like a setting sun -- The coils of slack snap taught -- Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand, grabbing for the rope with the other -- Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us, when his feet hit the rain gutter -- A fulcrum that levers him up just as -- Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER, falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a glass skyscraper.
Agent Smith stares, his face twisted with hate.
The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS, SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.
Agent Smith's face warps with rage and he attacks, fist flying at furious speed, blows and counters, Neo retreating as -- A knife-hand opens his forearm, and a kick sends him slamming back against a steel column.
They fall as the sound and fury of the TRAIN EXPLODES INTO the station.
Neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the escalator -- As the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last car open; Agent Smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his glasses again intact.
A man sits in his Mercedes, talking on his car phone when his door is thrown open.
Neo drops the phone as his car bucks into the opposing lane -- Directly into the charging path of an enormous truck driven by Agent Smith.
The agents chase him, FIRING, BULLETS SPARKING and RICOCHETING even as Neo jumps for the third-floor platform.
305...   304... Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to find -- Agent Sniith, waiting, .45
cocked.
Neo can't move -- can't think -- Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life monitors snap flat-line.
Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.
A sentinel BLOWS a hole in Morpheus' right arm and he screams, refusing to let go of the detonator.
Frustrated, Betty delivers several plates and drops them at tables where the people know her by name.
It's loud.
He motions for her to join him but she remains where she is, fuming.
They pantomime frantically back and forth until Joyce throws him the finger and SLAMS out the door.
She sees her speed and punches the accelerator ...  80 m.
Annoyed, Charlie stuffs the socks back in Del's mouth.
She hangs up.
She hangs up.
He hangs up.
It's still more intense at the entrance: VOICES talking back and forth urgently, POLICE OFFICERS, CIVILIANS, DOCTORS AND NURSES converging.
SECURITY GUARDS draw their guns and scream at him to drop it.
The loading area immediately fills with DOCTORS, NURSES and COPS.
Charlie turns his back to the car and addresses the angry clouds on the horizon.
He mutters to himself.
Wesley explodes.
Rosa stands over Betty, fuming.
Rosa SCREAMS and smacks her hand on the glass as Betty watches.
fuming in her humiliation.
Joyce begins to sob at the side of the trailer as Roy shimmies through the window frame.
Suddenly, Ballard is there, weapon cocked and placed roughly into Roy's privates.
He puts the pistol in his mouth and cocks it.
Charlie reacts at this, throwing his razor into the sink and turning on Wesley.
It's a standoff.
He turns and slams into the door frame.
When the front door BANGS SHUT allows himself to go back to his shaving.
He hangs up.
George McCord, wearing sunglasses and still angry, strides into the lobby.
Wesley is furious.
He breaks it over his knee and throws it in the gutter, then quickly removes the wing nut holding the spare tire.
A KNOCK at the door ruins Charlie's moment.
Charlie slams the door and frisks them, taking a gun and handcuffs from Ballard.
Wesley grabs his shirtfront and slams him to the floor, then with a foot on his neck, he loops Ballard's arms around one leg of the steel aquarium stand and handcuffs him.
Wesley immediately pulls his gun and points it at Roy's head.
Ballard has fucked up again.
Rosa throws herself onto Wesley's back, knocking him to the floor.
Wesley stares in disbelief at the blood rushing out of him.
He slumps to the floor and opens his mouth to scream ...  Charlie opens the bedroom door.
top.location.href=location.href
Several of the seamen have formed a group and are pissing on the sand.
ADA nods and looks up coldly, insulted by his slow loud speaking.
ADA turns to BAINES, her face angry and defiant, her eyes full of tears.
As he gets out of the river HIRA slaps him.
ADA leads her to the door signing to her FLORA is shut out.
ADA pulls the skirt up fractionally so the top other boots are exposed.
He shuts the piano lid forcing ADA to remove her hand.
BLUEBEARD pulls out a cut-out axe and moves towards her.
(Angry to the NEGOTIATOR.)
ADA's mouth falls open, but then she too kicks it and they begin to dribble the mud caked cabbage towards the hut, all the time signing playful insults.
Baines can't play a damn thing.
Birds fly in mad wind-battered courses, swooped up then strangely drawn down.
Two of them give chase while the others insist on tobacco.
(exasperated.)
She stops and begins again.
FLORA walks back through the bush muttering childish expletives to herself.
FLORA pauses petulant and grumpy.
He blinks rapidly BAINES walks roughly towards the door and opens it, his softness turned suddenly cruel.
Gently she pulls his under- garment down, exposing his buttocks.
Squeezing the key in his fist, STEWART staggers off in a daze, He returns, picks up his open pack spilling the nails.
BAINES and HIRA make their way past the Meeting House and the low sleeping houses to the Pa entrance where his horse waits, A crowd of children run beside them, dogs scurry off and pigs are kicked out of the way, their owners protesting loudly.
Jab, smash, jab, smash Jab, smash, jab, smash The Taniwha, the Taniwba.
By tomorrow I'll be shitting buttons.)
He grabs a glass of Mimosa champagne punch from a passing tray, sips... scowls.
Damn, it works.
Karl comes over, gives his an elder brother's punch on the arm, points out what to do.
The men cock their weapons and brace themselves as the car stops and the elevator doors open.
Frustrated, he watches this, knits his brow.
McClane pauses outside the stairwell door to the 33rd floor, he presses the handle and cracks the door open TO REVEAL a computer floor.
McClane starts to open the stairwell door to the Machine Floor when a NOISE above him gets his attention.
Hans gives them both a look like an annoyed schoolmaster, turns back to Takagi.
He cocks the gun: BANG!!
McClane moves out onto the 31st floor, angry at himself.
McClane watches in disbelief.
As the SOUND OF THE MACHINE GUN FADES he listens and hears another SOUND -- a NOISE coming from the other end of the room near the cubicles.
McClane cocks his Beretta.
Tony fires his machine gun, but McClane kicks him into the desk.
After it's dropped only half a floor, McClane forces the doors open with his fingers -- stopping the car between floors.
Ginny winces, uncomfortable on the floor.
The car speeds up the shaft -- passing the car bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at the machine floor.
He FLINGS a LAMP against a wall, PUNCHES a hole into the plaster.
Tracer bullets rip into the wall behind him.
The big man fires a burst and McClane ducks back stopping at the exterior door to the pump room he used before.
He BLOWS the lock off with a burst from his machine gun and slips into the darkness of the: Coming quickly out of the pump room, McClane picks his way over the same ground as a few minutes before and opens the door to the elevator shaft.
He's OVERHEARD enough of this to realize he's in deep shit.
McClane points his gun downward and waits.
McClane punches out a ceiling vent and drops down into the machine room.
The bullets rip into the table top and the chair, and McClane goes down behind the table.
McClane FIRES TWICE and Heinrich DROPS sprawling in the hallway, machine gun FIRING BLINDLY until he hits the floor.
Shouts -- Now, hearing MACHINE GUN FIRE, Thornburg hangs up the second phone.
Also hating himself, McClane does the same thing.
Mitchell and Robinson watch from behind the cover of a police car as the SWAT officers remove a portable welding torch and begin cutting their way through the locks.
A blast ROARS from the third floor window and the shell hits the armored car.
On the police radio channel we HEAR the screams of men inside.
James hands the shell to Alexander, who expertly loads it into the anti-tank gun.
The explosion, like a firestorm, rips across the floor: The police take cover behind their cars.
McClane is so furious, he's out of breath.
We realize we're on THE HOSTAGE FLOOR, and Hans has just turned on the set out here for his "guests".
As the bullshit continues, Ellis suddenly STANDS, head towards the terrorist "office".
As Fritz shrugs: Karl looks at Ellis and then at Hans, as if to say, let me plug this asshole right now.
He throws open the door to let McClane and the police hear the screams of the hostages.
It's asses and elbows time.
Theo and Kristoff have been rewarded with another LOCK The graphic on his screen flashes:  "WARNING:  ELECTRO-       * As he talks, he essentially PATROLS the floor he's staked out, constantly looking into every dark corner, gun held ready, moving toward the stairwell.
Fritz drags Ellis' body out of the office and throws it on the floor.
Robinson wants Powell to shut up.
McClane FIRES back, killing Fritz.
McClane curses himself, then RETREATS into a: Where he DUCKS and DODGES as bullets ping and ricochet all around him.
Ducking, rolling, he FIRES at: McClane's bullets RAKE his middle, throw him over a desk, his weapon FLYING: He SLIDES right into a glass door.
Karl looks pissed as hell.
He moves towards the door, limping hurriedly out of the room.
Explosives are everywhere.
Karl's weapon clatters on the floor.
He SLAPS her.
As the hostages SQUEAL and SCREAM, McClane snatches up Uli's machine gun, runs out onto the roof.
The helipad EXPLODES!
Wincing as more FLAMING DEBRIS sizzles by, McClane levels the machine gun, KICKS off from the building, SWINGS back ten feet -- reaches the zenith of his arc -- FIRES the gun and sails back in: McClane SMASHES through the shattered glass, SAILS inside, rolls onto the floor, PLOWING through furniture and decor.
McClane is YANKED off his feet, dragged towards the window!
recovers from another AFTERSHOCK, runs up the steps -- is momentarily amazed to HEAR a "ding" from the elevator -- he looks at: where suddenly the WALL EXPLODES OUTWARD as an ENTIRE ELEVATOR CRASHES THROUGH THE WALL, swinging on its cable like a demolition ball on a crane!
The bullet passes right THROUGH Hans, and the WINDOW behind him SPLATTERS with blood and SHATTERS.
Without a beat, Holly PUNCHES HIM in the chops.
Three men are seated around the table; CHARLIE DONOVAN. the manager, PHIL BUTLER, public relations head, JERRY SIMMONS, operations director and LYLE MATTHEWS director of player personnel Donovan taps his pencil impatiently, obviously waiting for somebody.
Dorn is pissed.
He turns to Pepper with a look that says, "Can you believe this shit?"
waiting for a throw at the plate.
The Cabbie pulls to a stop and points to the other side of the street.
The smoke rising from Cerrano's gunpowder explosion sets off the automatic sprinklers in the ceiling.
Hayes takes his lead-off and crouches, ready to steal.
He's plenty upset with himself.
Vaughn comes down to protest, but Pepper quickly grabs him and hurries him off the field.
Lynn is irritated by Janice's directness.
Vaughn stomps around on the mound, obviously upset.
Rexman, slightly irritated, backs out of the box.
We hold on the skirt, nailed to the floor by the cleats.
Finally he bends over and grabs his ankles, while one of his teammates humps up against him, pretending to bugger him.
He jumps up and punches the air with his fist.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Cerrano swings and knocks the crap out of it.
Meanwhile, the CROWD has gone nuts at the sight of Vaughn.
Vaughn goes into his windup and unleashes a screaming bullet toward the plate.
101 on the gun.
The stadium explodes with BOOS, but as soon as Taylor picks himself up, the crowd begins to ROAR again.
A beat; he stares at her, expressionless.
A beat.
A beat.
He lies back down.
He GUNS his car after her.
He has punched in He is waiting for a response.
He looks at her, expressionless.
The glass EXPLODES behind them -- a chair comes into the room.
He goes to the TV, shuts it off.
The floor is huge.
She goes towards the men's room.
A hot 19.
She is melting into him now, kissing him...  Tex watches, expressionless... the black guy is gone...  he holds her by the back of the neck, kissing her... their bodies pressed into each other...  his hands are on her butt now, pulling her into him now, almost holding her up now... and then under her skirt, under her panties...  as he kisses her neck.
Right there on the floor.
As Tex watches expressionless.
Atop her...  he kisses her neck... his hands under her, raising her...  he moves down, kisses her breasts... puts his mouth around  a breast...  she arches, moves... he kisses her shoulder...  biting into it... she opens her mouth...  we hear no cry... we hear the Stones.
Roxy watches him, expressionless, from an upstairs window of the house.
The Ferrari SCREAMS head-on for him.
She is very angry.
Nick enters and shuts door.
She gives him a look, but punches it in again.
The elevator rises a floor, stops.
It rises to the third floor.
The icepick goes into his neck.
It explodes open.
She moves a hand in a pocket and moves towards him fast -- And he FIRES the gun.
Andrews yells to them from the stairway door.
He looks at her, expressionless.
punches in the course.
The only sound, the PROXIMITY WARNING.
Cooper backs out, allowing the inner airlock door to shut, ECHOING through the ship.
The universal symbol for explosives is on the cover.
The door BLOWS APART as THE WAVE HITS, ripples through the Medical Bay towards Miller... Debris swirls around him...  the wave sweeps him up... SLAMS him into a bulkhead...  the briefest suggestion of a SCREAMING FACE, obscured by STATIC and ROLL before the screen CUTS to static entirely.
His legs are withered, useless things.
Cooper throws the ball at him, hard.
The PULSE of the ship is loud here, a deep THRUM that steals their breath.
The scalpel drops to the floor at her feet.
The Inner Airlock door control flashes: "LOCKED."
She crosses to him.
Blood fills the X-ray lightboxes, it surges up from gutters in the floor...
She SLAMS the pressure door shut behind her, CUTTING OFF the sound.
Peters SCREAMS at the door.
He turns on her, his face furious...  ...and the POUNDING stops.
The pressure door shuts with a HISS.
Hits it.
DJ puts a tube in the Justin's mouth immediately, feeding him oxygen.
He GASPS, then SCREAMS, spraying blood from his mouth.
She bites through his neck.
Adversaries...
Rifles through it.
His gauge immediately goes to "Yellow - Reserve." Cooper points the full tank away from the Event Horizon and The blast of pressurized air pushes him towards the ship, leaving the wreckage of the Lewis and Clark behind.
Weir takes a step towards the window, raises the gun to fire again.
Before Weir can fire, the window EXPLODES outward.
Miller pulls himself through the door as it begins to shut.
The door continues to shut.
And she will be dead.
Miller YELLS and rips a compressor from its mount, wedges it in the door to keep it open.
The door slides shut with a dull THUNK.
THUMP.
THUMP.
The glass BURSTS in an EXPLOSION OF BLOOD...
The Burning Man YELLS and raises his arm in accusation...  ...and FIRE RACES OUT FROM BEHIND HIM, flowing over the walls, the ceiling, the floor, racing for Miller like a rising tide...  Miller runs.
The fire is faster, flooding in behind him.
It's still open by a fraction when the fire hits it...  ...SENDING A LANCE OF FLAME stabbing out towards Miller.
The coolant STEAMS and SIZZLES at his feet.
SMASHES Miller to the floor with a single blow.
The EXPLOSION knocks Starck and Cooper down.
The doctor pulls the door shut behind him.
After thinking for a moment, she tries a couple of ways of whistling as loud as she can, but frustrated and feeling foolish, she soon gives up.
The houseboy stops before a door at the top of the staircase and raps lightly on it with his knuckles.
The door swings shut behind him, plunging the room back into darkness.
He gives a look as if to say, "Jesus, what a fuckin' weirdo".
They glare at each other.
The longer Duncan sits there without moving, without saying anything, the angrier Bill gets.
He grabs Duncan and, half dragging, hurries him out the back door and throws him into the alley where Duncan falls in a heap.
Clifford stops him.
Duncan stops.
Clifford knocks on the door.
He stops at Cheater's table and shakes him hard.
Cheater sits up and starts to pull himself together.
The maintenance man turns and sees Cheater stretched out again on the table.
He pulls Cheater off the table and pushes him to the door.
He straightens his rags indignantly, then looks at Duncan and grins.
She swears under her breath and angrily slams the closet door shut.
The bottle comes back to Cheater, three-quarters down.
He grabs the doorknob and heaves himself against the door.
It's bolted shut.
O.S. we hear the angry sizzle of coffee spilling onto the hot stove, as Tracy goes to get it.
The bolt slips and the door is securely shut.
Duncan turns to see Cheater elatedly hobbling up to him.
Duncan enters the mission and Cheater stands out on the sidewalk for a moment, bitterly frustrated.
Clifford turns, sees Cheater.
He has no choice but to climb them, higher and higher, the sound of Clifford's angry footsteps always coming up behind him.
CLOSE UP on a section of a newspaper lying in the gutter.
Over this action...
Jill screams and falls to the floor.
Jill quietly pulls the door shut, and Policeman #2 walks back up the hallway.
At one table, three OFFICERS are playing bridge.
He pulls a card from his hand and throws it down.
Garber hastily picks up his card and throws down another.
Garber throws down another card.
Garber throws down his cards.
Jill unscrews the burned-out bulb from its socket and throws it in the trash.
On the narrow strip of floor between the bed and the wall lies John.
top.location.href=location.href
The MEN doff their hats and mop their brows.
In the audience, one man YELLS "Lock up the commie bastards!," and a few others cheer and laugh.
Peter stands, stubs out his smoke, drops a few crumpled bills on the bar and grabs his hat.
Pete's preoccupied with putting on his hat and getting his car keys out of his coat pocket, a daunting task in his condition.
Pete is asleep in the driver's seat, head tilted back, his hat covering his face, snoring.
Pete drives along the moonlit two-lane blacktop.
He takes off his hat and jams it down in the back seat.
The sheriff stops.
Luke is about to swing shut the heavy door, when he looks down and sees shoot into the lobby, stopping in the middle of the floor.
Luke moves to the door and knocks.
There's an insistent KNOCK at the door.
Clyde's SECRETARY knocks on the door, sticks her head in.
They stop, shuck off their hats.
Mrs. Terwilliger stops playing, annoyed.
Disillusionment.
Betrayal.
Beat.
Rory moves to the door, and is about to put his key in the lock, when Lottie starts whining, looking toward the fog bank and sniffing the air expectantly.
Lottie's barking gets LOUDER and angrier.
Suddenly, a large black car punches out of the fog bank and tears down the road.
There's a knock at the door.
At the door, a pair of PHOTOGRAPHERS and a NEWSREEL CAMERAMAN are jockeying for position.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Pete takes off his hat and nervously scratches his head.
Leo shuts the door and calls after him, waving Pete's hat.
Pete comes back and takes his hat.
She seems to be driving with that excess care of one who does not wish to be stopped for a minor traffic irregularity.
With a self-angry sigh of resignment, she goes to a close car, looks at it.
Impatience and anger rise in Mary.
He stops short, looks at her, then at the umbrella hanging useless in his hand, then back to her.
In a moment there is the SOUND of the house's front door slamming shut.
Then he goes to the car trunk, raises it with his foot, throws the suitcase and the pail into it, slams it shut.
Norman jumps away, slams the door shut, stands tense.
The door to his mother's room is closed.
Arbogast gradually eases the door closed, stands against it, waiting.
Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, call him "liar."
She turns, frustrated, anxious.
The door on her right, which opens into the mother's room, is closed.
Norman's face is no longer expressionless.
And Lila's scream is joined by another scream, a more dreadful, horrifying scream which comes from the door behind her.
She is dumb-struck.
The wild fury in Norman's face, the mad noise of his screams and vile curses.
Over the shot, the SOUNDS of the struggle, the screams of Norman.
Wrong again.
are in possession.
He's distracted.
stands sullenly as his Father rages at him.
Zim knocks him flat.
throws a knife, buries the point in a narrow post.
Zim throws, sticks his hand to the post.
blasts past a DESTROYER orbiting in dock, zips between CORVETTES and other slower fleet traffic in the crowded space lanes of Luna.
Johnny shuts the handcam off.
Deladier arrives on the bridge, now crowded as other FLIGHT OFFICERS rush to their stations.
Johnny's mother makes a face to shut him up.
She lloks graet in uniform with the hat and the lieutenant's bars on her shoulders.
Zander takes off his hat.
Johnny punches him right in the nose.
Carmen looks at Johnny, the hate in his eye, the blood on his fist.
The insect screams.
they're hit.
THOUSANDS OF BUGS boil out of the ground to defend against the invader.
He fights, screaming.
Bug parts fly as insects swarm in for the kill.
Bugs scream as they twist and kick in the wall of flame.
boil out of the ground.
The big bug explodes.
The plasma bug explodes in its cauldron.
A blast of bug plasma streaks past them towards the heavens.
It's his former student Carl Jenkins, now a Colonel, weary and pissed off.
Rasczak slams the door shut on them.
Rasczak fires, killing Gillespie.
Roughnecks engage in the sport of methodically killing the workers.
It' dead, too.
Rasczak stops screaming.
Blood sprays from a deep gash in her neck.
The rear section explodes, the forward section begins to burn towards the bridge.
Carmen fires a burst and kills it.
The Roughnecks open fire at the charging bug horde.
Johnny starts for the gaping mouth of an exposed bug tunnel and the others fall in behind him.
The moaning turns to SCREAMING.
A thorn-like PALP unfolds out of the brain bug and strikes, driving deep into Deladier's head and sucks her brains out.
The fight is furious, point blank, deadly to bug and Roughneck alike.
A subterrenean nuclear explosion blows a column of earth and stone into the air.
Agent Janus SCREAMS.
Kay pulls the car to a stop.
This pisses Edwards off.
Kay looks at Jeebs, pissed off.
Hot.
The elevator doors slide shut.
In the middle of the tile floor, there is an unused table.
THE ORKIN MAN'S CAR KEYS drop to the garage floor, and Edgar picks them up.
Inside the elevator, the doors WHOOSH shut, KAY turns a key in a certain floor number, and the descent begins.
AT A STORAGE CAGE, Kay turns a key in the lock of a caged-in area and throws the door open.
Above it, on the shelf, a BLACK HAT and a pair of BLACK SUNGLASSES.
The hat comes off the shelf.
He's getting annoyed.
They get in and slam the doors.
Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS again.
He falls, flat on his back in the dirt, the multi-tentacled lizardlike baby resting squarely on his chest.
Carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly places the cat on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to his distinctive shop.
Immediately, ROSENBERG'S CAT jumps on top of it.
The Woman SCREAMS.
There are SHOUTS of outrage, a few MEN rise out of their seats.
The doors of the wagon SLAM shut.
The words split in half as the stretcher BANGS through the doors.
He BELLOWS in rage and hurls the box against the side of the van, where it finally CRACKS a hinge.
Kay pulls out another weapon, the TINIEST GUN WE'VE EVER SEEN.
SMASH!
They stop at the smashed door of the jewelry shop and exchange a glance.
Before Edgar can shoot, Jay YELLS...
It's as if Laurel is sucked into another universe.
LAUREL SLAMS into a wall on one side of the morgue, thrown there by EDGAR.
He leans in, close, furious.
From inside the morgue, Laurel SCREAMS.
Standoff.
Edgar just cranks the car into gear -- opening his mouth and swallowing the icon -- and in so doing revealing a TRIPLE ROW OF SERRATED BUG-TEETH, he SLAMS HIS FOOT on the gas pedal.
Kay's car hurtles toward certain death in the traffic jam, but at the last possible moment it swerves off to the side, a SUCKING SOUND coming from underneath it.
The Bug straightens up to its full height and throws his head back.
Kay slides down the Bug's throat, bending it sideways as he kicks and SCREAMS his way down into its abdomen.
In frustration, Jay screams and throws himself on the Bug, hanging onto its back, trying to drag it down.
CRUNCH.
ON THE BUG as he flinches on the ladder -- he hates that sound.
CRUNCH!
CRUNCH.
Jay is pissed and starts in on Kay.
As they argue, behind them, unseen, THE FRONT HALF OF THE BUG RAISES ITSELF UP on its forearms, eyes gleaming with hate, jaws dripping -- ready to lower itself onto Kay and Jay.
He winces.
She exposes her taut midriff.
He nods toward JULIE, who's at the open bar grabbing two glasses of punch.
STU SCREAMS.
The BOY begins to SOB softly.
Behind her, the TELEPHONE POLE that the car slammed into is beginning to TEETER.
STU SCREAMS, shakes them off, and RUNS.
Above the door, an ANIMATED NEON SIGN shows a happy boozer lifting his martini glass, then falling over flat on his back, at which point his eyes are replaced by the traditional cartoon X's.
BULL glowers at him, snorting STEAM out of both nostrils.
BULL and JUMBO rear back to PUNCH STU'S LIGHTS OUT.
STU SCREAMS.
The sound of the key in the lock is met by INSANE BARKING.
Pissed off, she SHAKES her FIST at MONKEYBONE and pulls the lid of her clamshell SHUT.
STU LUNGES at MONKEYBONE - who JUMPS OVER HIM, BOUNDS off the edge of the table, and grabs hold of a CHANDELIER.
The ball hits the REAPER smack on the head, knocking him off his bike!
He grins and shrugs: what the hell.
An angry CYCLOPS elbows him aside.
COMATOSE STU stands in the center of the room, UPRIGHT and IMMOBILE in a party hat.
Yet all around him, DARKTOWNERS are cackling their heads off, growling, howling, punching their fists in the air like rowdy drunks at a football game.
The noise is irritating, so a REAPER on the inside snaps the venetian blinds shut, cutting off our view.
Dead souls take the form of PERFORATED PAPER DOLLS... two-dimensional, underwear-clad, usually wearing expressions of shock.
DEATH lets out a great rattling BELLOW OF RAGE.
Before they know it, they're pedaling directly TOWARD the mob of ANGRY REAPERS!! STU jerks the handlebars HARD RIGHT and JUMPS THE TRACK he's on.
Trailing black fumes, the BICYCLE RISES!
He flips it...
The poor dog is stuck behind an accordion gate in the hall, going crazy, trying to warn his mistress about the imposter in STU's body.
Then, with a what-the-hell twinkle, he steps out and FLINGS HIS SWEATY HANKIE into the midst of the GROUPIES.
He winds up - throws a ROUNDHOUSE PUNCH at STU-BONE'S FACE.
ANGRY NEIGHBORS poke their heads out the windows.
An angry HYPNOS slams down the phone and storms across the dance floor to his big circular bed.
SCREAMS ALL AROUND as the ORGAN DONOR sits BOLT UPRIGHT!
The dog looks up, cocks his head - and begins WAGGING HIS TAIL.
Behind him, BUSTER is throwing a fit - barking, FLINGING himself at the screen door.
BUSTER throws everything he's got at the door - and it gives!
He turns suddenly - GRABS THE BAT from the puzzled BABE - He wails on the pinata like Ken Griffey Jr. O.D. STU tries to stop him, but it's too late - the pinata BURSTS, and hundreds of PURPLE-ASSED MONKEYBONE DOLLS spill out onto the ground!
A SERVER ladles out a cup of PUNCH from a big silver PUNCHBOWL.
Bystanding GUESTS are DRENCHED in punch as the punch bowl FLIES END OVER END...  ...and, with the sound of a GONG being struck, BEANS a member of the SURGICAL TEAM from behind!! Naturally it's the guy who's lugging the ICE CHEST full of O.D. STU's organs.
The cop's shot hits the giant MONKEYBONE BALLOON smack in the ass.
A FIFTY-FOOT WARRIOR clad in JAPANESE CEREMONIAL ARMOR, he TOWERS over Dark Town, so mighty and enormous that he can wear the E-TICKET RIDE as a hat!! STU lands a HAYMAKER, and the two of them break loose of each other - - LANDING in the upturned palms of the COLOSSUS!
The idiot pile of sleepy dragons.
Thompson, his hat in his hand, is standing before her.
Thatcher puts on his hat.
Bernstein, fifty, is waiting anxiously with a little group of Kane's hirelings, most of them in evening dress with overcoats and hats.
He is in white tie, wearing his overcoat and carrying a folded opera hat.
In the window of the saloon is a large sign or poster "REMEMBER INSERT:  Remington drawing of American boys, similar to the parade above, in which "Our Boys" in the expeditionary hats are seen marching off to war.
The wooden floor of the railroad platform again - a bundle of "Enquirers" - this time an enormous bundle - is thrown down, and the moving shadows of the train behind the camera indicate that it is going like a bat out of hell.
The entire newspaper is crushed with an angry gesture and thrown down into an expensive-looking wastebasket (which is primarily for ticker tape.)
Before him rages a terrific tenement fire.
The door is opened and a condemned man, with priest, warden and the usual attendants, moves into foreground and starts up the hall past a group which includes phtographers, Kane's sob- sister, and Kane.
The whole thing is bundled up and thrown into a garbage can.
The whole floor is now a City Room.
The band and the chorus girls enter and hell breaks loose all around Leland and Bernstein.
This stops Bernstein.
Screaming headline: OIL SCANDAL!
An angry crowd seen from the window of Kane's office.
A rock is thrown.
He starts to work himself into a rage.
Kane is trembling with rage as he shakes his fist at Rogers's back.
She walks a few steps towards the middle of the block, and can stand it no longer.
Matisti stops.
Beyond that, out in the darkness - an apprehensive conductor struggles with his task of coordinating an orchestra and an incompetent singer.
Susan shoots him an angry glance.
She is very angry.
Raymond locks the door and comes to his side.
Raymond ushes Thompson into The magnificent tapestries, candelabra, etc., are still there, but now several large packing cases are piled against the walls, some broken open, some shut and a number of objects, great and small, are piled pell mell all over the place.
One of the Men LOCKS the door.
Nowhere to run, he races into the farthest stall and SLAMS the door.
Sighing, Max unlocks Doug from the pipe, hauling him up and slamming into the wall as he cuffs his hands behind his back.
He stops at a door.
Max smiles and nods, but his eyes give him away as a liar: The Detective steals a look at Max as Adams shuts his door.
Natasha explodes out of the bed, springing up naked in front of Max - shoulders heaving with rage, eyes wild black holes.
The air echoes with angry VOICES, LAUGHTER and SCREAMS.
Max glances back at the path and finds himself facing a wall of angry cops.
Christa steps towards Max, teeth gritted with powerless rage.
Still fuming from the encounter with Bravura, Max watches the numbers over the door fall.
The doors LURCH shut.
Max stops at a door marked `ALEX HILLMAN.'    It's locked.
One by one, the detectives climb to their feet, expressions showing outrage and anger.
SHOUTS and BANGS ring through the door.
An impact sends CRACKS splitting up the length of the door... Two detectives throw their shoulders into the door.
A louder, longer KNOCK.
A muted SCREAM filters through the door, cutting her short.
The bat CUTS through the air, SMASHING open glass pipes in the wall behind Max, the shards raining down over him...
A trespasser.
Glass smashed.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
Bravura and the Young Cop stand on the spot where he fought Max the night before - disturbed snow, the frayed cord...  Bravura nods at the bullshit, focus drawn to Max's locker.
His nose is smashed flat.
CRACK!
Bravura snaps his phone shut, trying to regulate his breath.
A BURST of machine gun fire POUNDS the floor in front of Max's feet.
The door pulls shut behind him.
He pulls the door shut.
Helplessly watching it slip away, Max SCREAMS with rage...  Outside, no voice could carry on that raging WIND.
rumbles in.
BB looks annoyed that he's not getting a reaction out of him.
Max's head snaps up, eyes simmering with rage.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
It's hopeless; he immediately begins to sink again.
Max raises one of the guard's machine guns and OPENS FIRE.
Slugs ricocheting, BB and Salle struggle to shut the doors.
From Max's POV: as the elevator doors slam shut, a glimpse of BB's face stretching and distorting into a demonic grin...  BB and Salle watch the floor number rise.
The elevator opens and BB steps out, snapping his phone shut.
Suddenly the woman grabs up the child with a little sob, turns and runs away.
It is a delicately-made tubular telescope, badly smashed.
Reluctantly Harley has picked up his hat and brief case.
Harley has paused to watch as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The nurse pauses as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The boys are calling out the extras: "Police under fire!" "Army put in charge!" "Space man still at large!" etc.
And he disappears, leaving Hilda to glare after him in impotent rage.
The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leave with Klaatu as Helen enters.
The lieutenant shifts in his chair, annoyed that he has to deal with this madman.
A man about forty-five, bloodied and badly beaten, is being supported and half-carried by two policemen.
Why did Mr. Carpenter lie to him?
Tom is knocking softly at Klaatu's door.
with traffic stalled.
Hilda flings him a questioning look, annoyed that he won't share her excitement.
shooting from the door.
The three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming cars with the chopped-up occupants and take the gym bag full of cash.
Both steel doors EXPLODE as if their molecular structure, itself, disintegrated from one BLAST of Tubbs M-40 grenade- launcher firing a canister of ball bearings like a king-size shotgun on steroids as...  react, but Crockett draws down on one with an AK-47.
Tubbs fires the M-40 at a third boat, which explodes flame, followed by...  destroy the smuggler's Strykers, which we saw in Fujima's video.
Men stop them and frisk them.
Yero's furious.
Crockett stops.
The room is overtly destroyed.
stop the caravan.
break up.
Tubbs punches in numbers.
It means get the fuck out of there right now! Gina ends the call, drops to the floor to the wall, kills the lights, holds her Sig .9mm at her side as she moves deeper into the interior...  Close on their two faces.
They want their words buried under noise...  discreetly at the door, watching the street.
Crockett pushes the money towards the Campesinos.
Crockett insists.
It's violent.
Everybody shuts up.
Gina cocks her ear, waiting to hear...
He hangs up.
Isabella punches numbers into a satellite phone.
reacts to knock on the door.
Screaming, Son's ruined wrist, Tubbs took the knife, and as the Aryan Brother swings the bat...  ducks the bat.
Tubbs slams the knife twice into the man's slide, doubling him up, leaving the AB Brother to crawl, bleeding, with a 10-inch butcher knife through his kidney into his right lung...   AND Tubbs' gun in his left hand has never moved off-target of the Aryan brother with the detonator in his hand the whole time until right now:  he snaps a ROUND into the wounded Aryan Brother's head.
But...  runs from cover into the clear with her handgun firing at the crazy whites, furious at the betrayal by Yero.
Crockett stops.
She's dead.
Incredulous.
She slams him in the face with a closed fist.
Jaeger jumps down from the machine gun pissed as all hell.
They shut up and ride.
Epps punches it, and the Hummer takes off.
Epps yells at Jaeger.
Waiting...  Closer... EPPS FIRES!
You know the story:  Huge explosion, car parts flying a hundred feet into the air, bodies whipping through space, stuff Bob Dole would hate.
To Jaeger, Epps ask: Jaeger fires it up, and pulls out.
Epps, Jaeger and Wes all ride along in an angry silence.
Epps stops.
After a beat Epps screams for him.
Wes gets a slow boil on.
Jaeger's body jerks violently backward as he gets the air punched out of him.
His feet just clear the outer edge of the fireball, but still get licked and burned by flames before he slams to the ground several feet from the explosion.
Epps stops dead in his tracks.
Epps cocks an ear to the air and listens.
Yeah, what the hell is it?
Our three press themselves up against the rock walls and suck air.
Epps has had enough of this shit.
Three Iraqis are inside, weapons trained on our targets.
One of them grabs it up and is about to throw it back out of the gunship.
The grenade explodes in the Iraqi's hand killing him instantly.
The lantern punches a hole through the darkness as Epps uses it like a machete to blaze a trial.
Wes yells down.
Epps yells up.
Wes goes on the boil.
Wes, still on the ground, fumes.
Epps gives an expression that screams:  What the hell are you talking about?
Wes yells down at the Iraqi.
Epps grabs it, and throws a punch.
Epps stops, and puts his pack down.
He turns to Jaeger and vents what anger he can.
Immediately he sinks to waist level.
He screams to Jaeger and Wes.
He yells for the shack: Before Epps can even finish getting the word out machine gun fire erupts from the house and burns towards Epps and Jaeger.
At the top of his lungs Jaeger starts yelling: Just as quickly as it began the shooting stops.
With the muzzle of his gun he pulls it open a crack and peers out.
EPPS MARCHES WES OUTSIDE THE TENT, stopping momentarily to grab up his pack with his free hand.
The Shi'ite just stands there for a beat looking at the three men, then suddenly explodes in screams.
It's amazing what you can do when a bunch of angry Shi'ites are chasing you.
The bullets fly fast and furious swarming all around our boys.
Jaeger yells over to Epps.
They swing down on the far end of the highway, engines roaring like angry lions.
The huge shells rip a bloody path, shredding cars and trucks, igniting explosions, straight towards the car with Epps, Jaeger and the driver.
It sets off a series of violent explosions that knocks Jaeger off his feet.
He looks to Epps like let's get the hell out of here.
The tug is kicking up a foaming wake as it pulls the Chimera along behind it.
A pair of woman's shoes lie on the floor.
A pair of slippers lie on the floor beside a chair, over which is draped a woman's robe.
Greer is lying supine on the floor.
Murphy opens the door, stopping dead in his tracks.
He stops, holding there.
He begins pulling out the hoses and wires, grabbing at them, yanking them loose, breaking them off.
A boot punches through a rotten wood hull.
Epps comes to the 2nd officer's door, knocks.
She lies back, not sleepy.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
She throws down the radio.
He raises a fist to ram into her face when WHAM! Epps has shoved the butt of her flashlight into his crotch and he comes up SCREAMING.
He SCREAMS.
Murphy slams the door shut as Epps looks on.
A WOMAN SCREAMS, and is cut off when a door slams shut.
The DISTANT MUSIC HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH INDISCERNIBLE SHOUTING, as of someone commandeering the microphone somewhere As she walks, she passes an open door where several CREWMEN fight over a steamer trunk, which breaks open, scattering the contents.
The steward looks up, reaches over and slams the door shut.
He is on his knees, hands tied behind his back as he is forced to watch from the foot of the bed.
The CLANG FROM THE VENT SOUNDS HERE and Murphy stops.
The rivets are springing out of the hull like machine gun fire when the steel plate of the hull gives way, A MASSIVE CRAG OF ROCK SMASHING THROUGH Epps ducks for cover as the crag tears a diagonal line through the Chimera's hull like a jagged claw through paper in a The Chimera is impaled broadside by a particularly devious rock promontory of a small island.
He frantically grabs for something to hold on to, without success, until he is finally pulled into the smoke stack and sucked into the bowels of the ship by the rushing water.
A padded wall is papered with NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS that date back to the early 1900s: "LOCAL FOWLER BROTHERS LOSE $35 TICKETS TO BOARD TITANIC" appears over "FOWLER BROTHERS KILLED IN COAL MINE MISHAP."
Another series of articles reads, "JEWISH PROFESSOR DENIED ADMITTANCE TO HINDENBURG" and "PROFESSOR RABINOWITZ KILLED IN AVALANCHE."
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak."
Kimberly merging into traffic, NEARLY COLLIDES with a speeding yellow mini- bus carrying a high- school football team.
Kimberly pulls around the mini-bus as rowdy football players tackle each other, yelling: Kimberly flicks on the radio and we hear HIGHWAY TO HELL by AC/DC at earsplitting volume.
Evan, pissed off, flips off Frankie.
He is trapped in his burning car, screaming and trying to release the seatbelt.
Freaking.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go", "Fucking freak."
Freaking.
The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from the speakers.
Officer Thomas Burke stops the car behind them.
Horrific.
CHAOS.
BANG!
Detective Suby looks pissed o ff.
Evan places the TV by the door, looks at his torn shirt, but fuck it, who cares; he's on a natural high.
Evan recoils, throws open the window and throws the grease to the sidewalk five stories below.
In the GARBAGE DISPOSAL.
The window slams SHUT!
He has no choice but to smash the kitchenette window with the fire extinguisher to get to the fire escape.
He runs down the fire escape from floor to floor.
Kimberly sits upright in bed and sees the WINDOW IS SHUT.
Kimberly watches carefully as the Physician comes to a door and punches "4514" into the electronic lock.
The Physician punches in another code.
The door SLAMS.
Thomas expertly skids into a U-turn.
CREEEAAAK -SLAM!
Horrible.
Clear shakes her head by the shoulders and barks commands like an angry drill sergeant.
He makes a fist, is about to knock - when the DOOR FLINGS OPEN and a ROTTWEILER LUNGES for his throat - only to have its collar snagged at the last second by its owner - JORGE CRUZ, late 30's, handsome, cocky.
The hatred is mutual.
Isabella hangs up, recoiling at VIOLENT THUMPS against her wall.
Nora looks up, anger surfacing.
Eugene and Nora get inside, standing in front of a gaunt looking man holding a cardboard box full of MUZAK plays AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL.
He SCREAMS, CLAWS AND POUNDS, desperate to escape the elevator.
A SPORTS CAR speeds past on the left, then as it pulls in front of the Exped ition, its slipstream sucks over some debris from the shoulder; a thin metal piece of trim, which bounces in front of Kat's Expedition's left front tire.
Isabella, pissed, is in a holding tank.
As she fumes, a rivulet of WATER streaks down her leg.
It sends rubber flying and the entire SUV pulls hard to the left, spinning her out of control into the oncoming lane of traffic - toward the White Van! Isabella SCREAMS! Steve jerks the wheel to the left!
Isabella SCREAMS, in pain, not fear.
Just as the Expedition comes to a stop, an IRRIGATION PIPE ROCKETS through the rear window -- miraculously missing Clear and Rory -- coming to a rest just behind Kat's head.
Shit.
Kimberly unbuckles her seatbelt and floors it.
There is SCREAMING all around.
The Orderly smacks his forehead - shit.
Quick as shit.
And behind him, the unmarks blaze ... Guns his bitch...  Straight at the roadblock .. Three CRUISERS and a PORTABLE WOODEN BARRICADE...  Memphis pins her ... ZOOOOOM!
And HURLS THE BRICK AT THE WINDOW Which EXPLODES ON IMPACT, a SHOWER OF GLASS raining down ...  As Kip walks into the showroom, glass crunching underfoot.
The alarm raging in here... In moments, the V8's massive 349bhp is bellowing...
And he's sitting on a tilted back chair, and wall-bouncing the ball and annoying the piss out of whom we remember from the drop-car at our opening ... Atley walks with a LIMP now...  Thunk!
Kip floors it.
The CHOPPER does the usual spotlight-trailing...  It's turned into a total pig circus ... A car pulls to a stop ...
A Richard Widmark motherfucker - with the diamond hard look of a cobra.
Calitri grins ...  Nods to Digger an Butz, who go back to work... Memphis' look is cold and furious ...  Plaintive: Atley hits the wall-switch and the steel door slides shut.
He looks slightly ridiculous...  Throughout the scene, Memphis should be studying Kip, as if he's seeing him for the very first time ...
And Otto goes back to the Camaro ... To finish his work...  Otto looks up frustrated... To Junie And Junie hits PLAY on a cassette deck ...  And, instantly, ENGINE SOUNDS rip from the shop's stereo speakers ... Otto listens, as if it were a Mahler symphony...  Memphis smiles ...
These eccentricities are old hat...  Otto has finished the Camaro ...
Sawdust on the floor.
Memphis picks up the broken bag ...  Sticks it in the trunk ... Puts the golf clubs in on top of it ...  Slams the trunk.
Only there's still a neat MOUNTAIN OF SMACK ON THE FLOOR by the rear of the Caddy ...  But there's no time...
Castlebeck looks at Otto...  Otto grins... Castlebeck walks around the garage...  Taking it all in... Castlebeck notes the Caddy ...  ANGLE - the mound of heroin on the floor ... Castlebeck takes out a WALKIE ...  Barks into it ...
And he walks out of the house, door slamming behind him.
A MAID comes in with a tray of tea service ...  The maid crosses the Judge's line of sight... Watch as he curses her out, his face going beet red with fury...  Sway looks at Memphis ...
She shuts off the taps ... Towels her hands...
An expansive warehouse surrounded by chain-link fence ... Enormous SHIPPING CONTAINERS are here, in which the stolen cars will be stored.
But he's stopped the car...
And they pull in to Where Mirror Man is still struggling with the lock, his drills and punches, scattered about ... only The Sphinx shoves him aside ...  Pulls the GUN from his holster and BLANG! blasts open the lock... Mirror Man stares at the opened door ...
With urgency... Phones ringing like mad...  Drycoff walks into Castlebeck's office...
And the car has rocketed off... Memphis punches the gas,'sending Sway to the floor...  PRE-LAP Alice Cooper's "Under My Wheels" and SLAM CUT TO: CLOSE UP OF THE "SNAKE" LICENSE PLATE as its ass-end fishtails like a bastard...
And he SLAMS OPEN THE DOOR...  catching the kid in the balls ...
And Kip punches the gas ...
The security guards run for her...  Kip, forehead bloodied, switches places with Toby, getting behind the wheel ... Punches the gas ...  Getting them out of there ... Kip drives like a wild man ...  Toby is bleeding something fierce... Shot in the chest...  Kip looks at Tumbler ... They both look at Toby...
As the 'Vette comes screaming into the warehouse ... Kip exploding out of it ...  Getting into the back.
Kip begins to sob.
Holy shit!
And try to get out of each other's way... Fenders crunch ...  Cops curse.
A mad mouse in a maze ... INT.
And punches the gas ...  Going right at Castlebeck and the others ... Smashing through the squad cars ...
He opens her up... Full throttle ...  The chopper above him ... The gang is watching on the TV...  Freaking out ... ANGLE - KIP.
But he' s driving too close to the shoulder, and he SMASHES INTO A LIGHT POLE -- !
Memphis' foot SLAMS ON Eleanor's pedal ...  SMASHING THROUGH THE ROADBLOCK... Cars and cops flying ...
And the Dispatch guy is getting pissed.
On Route 33.
He shuts off the radio ...
He punches the gas... Ripping down to the accident site...  Heading straight for it ...
He senses something and turns to has driven up in the smashed-to-shit Eleanor ...
And she is smashed-to-shit.
And the van doors slam, as Digger and Butz, Calitri's grave-diggers, get out ...  Atley goes to the unconscious Calitri ...
A vast expanse of trash and garbage and layers of earth.
A POUNDING.
In a mad act he breaks cover and         * runs down toward the departing boats.
He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them.
Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him.
Hector bends low and starts to waft expertly         * and blow at the fire's remains.
Hermas tetchily stops him.
He is careful not to disturb the sleeping forms lying all around him, some of them sprawled on the floor.
Lucinnius begins to sob, at first quietly, then more loudly and more pathetically.
Lucinnius crumples to the floor and squats on his knees.
He helps Lucinnius lie out on the marble floor.
He throws     the knife down.
Their efforts are useless.
* An OFFICER comes into the room.
He throws down his knife and cheese, lying down with her on the grass.
Before he can protest she has moved off.
Hector    does so.
The two expressionless men still have not stirred.
The sound of a gun being cocked.
The stranger wears a fierce bear head as hat.
The door slams.
Rooster cocks his head.
Beat.
Quincy jerks up one knee, banging the bottom of the table and sloshing Rooster's sofky as he grabs something from his boot: a knife.
Rooster has his gun out now and fires.
LeBoeuf unholsters a gun and points it at the four men.
None of the riders bothers to unholster a gun.
He pulls out a navy six-gun and fires.
Rooster cocks his head at the landed bottle several paces distant.
It explodes.
A beat, and he pulls out his six-gun and fires in.
Rain patters on his hat.
She refuses to take it.
She lies down again.
Chaney grabs the gun and flings it away, then holds on to Mattie and slaps her.
He puts a muddy boot on her neck.
He has a round face and idiot eyes.
He makes loud turkey-gobbling noises at Mattie.
Lucky Ned speaks quietly, without lowering the glass: From somewhere in the woods below we hear the idiot's gobbling noises.
The well dressed man and the idiot trudge up from the woods onto the rock ledge.
As Chaney moans the idiot makes calf- bawling noises in imitation.
The idiot is still bawling.
Chaney grabs a stone and flings it at him and the idiot scampers back, making goat noises.
His gaze then swings to the idiot.
Her clawing stops.
The idiot is gaily waving a revolver over his head, not firing, squawking like a chicken as he charges.
He cocks his head to sight, puffing pipesmoke.
He screams as the gun roars and bucks back into his shoulder.
Mattie screams.
She grabs it up.
Tree branches slap at him and take his hat.
Mattie screams.
Rooster gives inarticulate curses as he kicks it on.
One doffs his hat and rises when Mattie addresses the pair; the other stays seated, slurping from his bottle.
But Claudia doesn't take note of it; she is too busy fuming over Anna's lack of consideration, eager to let them both understand that she is sick and tired of waiting around.
Slightly off to one side, Raimondo is exploring the depths, with his spear-gun in hand, ready to shoot.
She is obviously piqued and angry, but more with herself than with Anna.
He is staring at Patrizia with such an intense expression that she becomes thoroughly annoyed and says to him, as she continues working at her puzzle: Coming down the steps that lead into the cabin, Claudia overhears the end of the conversation, and decides to withdraw.
She turns and walks away in a rage.
Ignoring Sandro's remark, Claudia turns and determinedly heads towards the interior of the island.
As he arrives on the scene, two policemen step out of the confusion dragging a large crate, which they carry over to the door of a nearby shack, amid the protests of the islanders who are still arguing and shouting among themselves.
He stops -- angry, disappointed and upset.
The girl immediately strikes a pose.
Claudia resigns herself to escorting Giulia to the floor up above.
Before anybody has a chance to say anything, she heads towards the door, swings it open and stands firmly on the threshold,  obviously intent on telling Claudia to leave.
Giulia takes a few steps backward into the room, and seeing Claudia still there looking at her strangely, exclaims: And with a violent bang that leaves Claudia startled, Giulia slams the door shut.
They are words of protest but spoken condescendingly, almost sweetly, yet leaving no doubt as to their meaning.
But he is unable to ignore them; they plainly annoy him.
Claudia remains standing, somewhat annoyed by the crowd of people around her. Patrizia rises and leads Claudia out to a terrace that overlooks the entire bay which is dotted with lights.
As Ettore returns to his friends with whom he had been speaking and laughing, Sandro looks at him almost with a sense of rage.
With an angry gesture, Sandro finishes his drink, gulping the whiskey down in one fast swallow.
Vince ducks as Christy throws an ashtray at him, and it smashes against the wall.
She is caught between tears and rage.
Christy grabs the mink and heads out the door.
Joey slams Ernie on the side of the head with the gun.
They hear a muffled SCREAM, from elsewhere in the convent.
As Joey opens the door for him, another car drives by, and stops.
They wear large, ungainly straw hats over their wimples.
Christy has been given a hoe and a straw hat.
We hear Christy SCREAM, O.S.
They stop by a door.
After the door shuts, Christy stands and looks out the one small window in her cell.
Mother Superior is seated behind her desk; she is very angry.
Mother Superior is striding down the hall; she is livid.
Christy takes her dust rag and pretends to polish the receiver.
They scream, and Christy grabs Mary Robert and throws her out of the car's path; the two women land on a pile of garbage bags.
Mother Superior is livid.
The Dealer turns and walks back to his house with anger.
In one stride, he grabs his hat and coat and is out the door on the run.
Christy, frustrated, leaves the room.
Parker looks annoyed -- he doesn't like deviations from procedure -- but after a moment of indecision, he sets the file folder on Tate's desk and walks away.
Mother Superior and the nuns are arguing with the MANAGER of the airport, a grouchy guy in grease-stained overalls.
He's getting angry.
With a fierce jerk, she pulls the neckties with all her might, smashing Joey's head against Willy's.
Before them is a large room filled with glitter and sin, the SOUND of jackpots and crap tables.
Everyone at the table turns toward Christy, outraged.
He is furious.
Inside, huddled together against the rage outside, are a small group of people.
Before them, on the cramped altar, lies a man.
A place of seedy, anonymous brick flophouses shackled by rusting fire escapes, lying on an alley unique only for its bad drainage.
Lumpy iron bed, sink that's been pissed into one too many times, and SIMON; a man in a tight sweater and dark sunglasses, busily emptying his pockets on the ruined dresser: loose change, a town paper's obituary column.
The gargoyle SMACKS the frame and COLLAPSES, his head CRACKING on the sill and FORCING a shard of glass through his neck.
Thomas sits at his desk half-heartily trying to make sense of the three dozen files piled there.
The boy is pissed, embarrassed.
He comes upstairs to the landing, where the door to the room is covered with a strip of yellow tape: POLICE INVESTIGATION.
Gabriel pulls the tape aside and KICKS the door open.
Thomas is left alone with Player (priest.)
The guard SMACKS against the wall and crumples out of view.
Tiled floor and refrigerated corpses.
The class immediately erupts into goofing off.
Brutal.
Suddenly her face cracks as her voice chokes with a sob.
And all around them the sucking blackness of the earth.
Flashes of images: Of screams and fire.
The images are driving them mad.
He immediately pulls out his pistol, runs for the closed door at the end of the hall and KICKS it in.
Thomas cries out and SLAMS his fist against Jerry's head, knocking off an ear.
Thomas's gun is abruptly WRENCHED from his hand onto the bed as Gabriel NAILS him with a thrown lamp, vaults the bed between them, and grabs him by the collar, SLAMMING Thomas up against the wall.
He THROWS Thomas down onto a table, SPLINTERING it.
Thomas suddenly slams his fist against the wall in anger.
A fire has been built on the kiva's floor.
Shrieking, a mad porcelain banshee out of the dusk, Rachael catches up and TACKLES him.
Mad with pain and anger and desperation, Thomas manages to climb to a shaky crouch, Rachael still shrieking on his back.
He walks to the second and KICKS its door down.
Steps up to the kiva door and KICKS it.
Lucifer's gaze falls on a deeply fucked-up Gabriel who groans at the sight of him.
The room goes insane.
The Sheriff takes his hat off.
Norman stops.
Beat.
Beat.
A Claire's chin begins to tremble and she chokes out a sob.
Beat.
The noise abruptly stops.
Cards with faces swarm chaotically across the screen with the message:  YOU WIN! Without warning, the radio dial rips cacophonously past several stations and comes to a stop on some angry, punkish rock and roll.
The whispering stops.
She stops by the door to watch him.
She hears a car door slam and glances out the window in time to see Mr. Feur driving off.
He pulls out a cell phone and punches in a number.
Beat.
Claire looks sucker punched.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She wheels on him with fury.
Sobbing, she shuts off the squeaky faucets and struggles to pull him upright.
She's sucked down into the water.
Protruding from its lock... THE INTERLOCKED CIRCLES.
He's a wreck.
He takes the phone, punches in three numbers, waits.
He hangs up.
Steam drifts out through the crack.
We can feel her revulsion.
Norman stops.
Norman explodes backwards, slamming his head into the BRASS SHOWER NOZZLE.
THUD!
She flips open the cell phone and punches in 911.
Claire desperately punches the "talk" button again... "NO SERVICE."
Claire punches the talk button again.
A TRAILER CRANK punches through the window.
She hears the hissing of the smashed radiator, then sees Norman, a shattered bloody mess on the floor of the cab.
Her ribs have just cleared the glass when a bloody fist locks onto her ankle and yanks her inside.
The sound of a furious cello solo.
The glass barely touches his lips as he freezes at the SOUND OF DROPPING TRAYS and a PIERCING SCREAM.
He stands there and even in the darkness WE CAN OBSERVE that he is an angry man.
The Time Traveller stands there until he hears the FRONT DOOR SHUT.
His eyes gleam with a mad light, half pleasure, half pain.
During this: Suddenly he hears the SOUNDS OF AIRPLANES and EXPLOSIONS in a strangely ACCELERATED manner.
The two opposite elements, molten rock and cold green water, dwarf the ruined city as they leap toward each other, and meet with explosive fury.
With sudden violence he slams his fist into a whole shelf of books.
He turns back in anger.
The ECHOING SIRENS are now getting on his nerves.
He clutches at Morlock's throat, banging his head against the rock wall, finally throwing him off ledge.
The burning torch catches the Cauldron on fire, which quickly spreads across the floor of the Cavern, to the steaming Machine on the right, which explodes.
Another Morlock comes from behind machine, as fire creeps across floor, almost reaches machine at same time as fire - and it explodes.
They stop and stare at the sight of the Morlock world being destroyed below.
Staring into the vast destruction.
Mrs. Watchett listens as Filby moves to the imprint in the floor where the Machine first stood and explains.
They stop at the door and Mrs. Watchett stands beside Filby as he opens it.
Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMCORDER.
AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a number of pieces.
Then, the sound of a CAR ENGINE turning off and a door SLAMMING is heard.
And than it STRIKES.
They make a mad dash for the jungle.
Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
He wants everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot.
The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in the room.
As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one of the open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them.
Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor SLAMS into it, driving the door into the cage.
The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door.
They almost catch her as Billy and Paul pull her back up on the limb The raptors stare up at them, angry their plan didn't work.
They coop him up.
The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle free.
But his smile quickly fades as he sees diving down from above in angry pursuit of their lost prey.
Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swarms around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.
We float under the gigantic, arching necks of eighty-foot BRACHIOSAURS.
Grant shuts off the phone.
Spinosaurus grabs the cage and Paul, throwing both straight up out of the water.
Steve Bolander stops the elegant machine and gets out.
He looks slightly ridiculous but always thinks he's projecting an air of supercool.
Her tone changes immediately.
He passes a group of guys bullshitting around the raised hood of a souped-up parked car.
She takes Eddie by the hand and leaves Steve fuming with Peg.
He stares at her and she shuts up.
John pulls the car over and stops.
Standing among the crowd, Steve and Laurie both look angry.
She slams the door.
Terry is destroyed.
The owner puts everything into a bag and starts to ring it up.
The owner takes the money from him and gives him his change.
Suddenly, the owner emerges from behind the counter, shooting wildly.
John sticks his hand into his pockets moodily and stops and looks at one of the burnt-out cars.
Joe unbends and lightly punches Curt on the shoulder.
Joe gives him another charming punch on the shoulder.
Even John has to chuckle at the mad D.J.'s raspy patter.
Carol jumps out of the car as John stops the car in the right hand lane next to the Cadillac.
She puts her coke on the floor.
He motions for her to shut up and they listen.
He stops by a parking meter and sinks down on top of it.
He punches it and wheels into a fast U-turn.
The hoods have quit playing with Terry and are punching him.
Terry is upset now.
He sucks on a popsicle.
As it does the manager punches some buttons and the record segues into a Wolfman howl and then the distinctive Wolfman voice takes over.
Falfa looks insane as he tromps it.
He pulls him off by the neck of the shirt and when they're a few yards off, Falfa's '55 Chevy does blow--exploding like a small A-bomb, blowing it into Modesto history.
O.S. arguing "I DID NOT!" "YES YOU DID!" "LIAR!" etc.
Roberta disappears inside and slams the window shut.
Roberta knocks on Janet's door.
For the first measures, Janet's still annoyed by the intrusion, but she's quickly won over.
A beat.
He dashes out.
This makes De Sean blush -- and it pisses him off.
He keeps one eye on a stack of quizzes that he's marking, stopping to circle mistakes with the pen.
The students immediately start to chatter.
He looks back at Roberta, annoyed by her intrusion.
A beat.
A beat.
This embarrasses her, then pisses her off.
Roberta walks through crowds of kids towards Janet who's in the middle of confronting a boy student.
Roberta listens to the students play "Go Tell Aunt Rhody" -- badly.
Lexi looks upset; Nick is stoic.
There's a KNOCK on the DOOR.
He looks sexy as hell (even with a silly lit-up Santa Claus pin on his leather jacket.),
Roberta takes this in, upset.
He stalks towards Nick menacingly, picks him up and pretends he's going to throw him into the water.
He pretends again to throw Nick in, then puts him down.
A beat.
Nick THROWS the violin against the floor.
His tone and expression tell her the words are not forthcoming.
LAMB and her husband, watching Becky in amazement; ISABEL and her daughter sitting with ASSUNTA, NICK and LEXI; JANET, impressed as hell; and DENNIS, seething with jealousy.
Rachel stops, frustrated.
Roberta illegally parks her old Honda, rushes out of the car, grabs her book bags and three violins, pulls a parking ticket from her pocket and puts it on the windshield.
Ramon sits on the floor, upset, half-heartedly building with Legos, while his parents argue in the KITCHEN.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
He dashes off, a barrage of Spanish and English curses behind him, and crosses to his sister, waiting for him DOWN THE STREET.
Roberta stops.
A few beats.
A beat.
A beat.
The room electrifies with nerves.
Butt-Head puts the woman down and he and Beavis begin to go at it, leveling the city with one of their stupid juvenile smack-fights.
We see a CROWBAR lying on the floor, and the front door left open.
Butt-Head slaps a pimp.
People stop their screaming.
Beavis is in the doorway SCREAMING.
The pilots SCREAM.
HARLAN and ROSS, the two dumb-looking rough-necks that stole B&B's TV are standing outside Muddy's motel room.
Harlan knocks on the door.
Annoyed, the bellboy leaves.
B&B are left alone.
Butt-Head grabs Beavis' neck.
She shuts the door, leaving B&B outside.
Just as the elevator doors shut, dozens of federal agents with guns rush in and kick open Dallas' door.
They're smashed by the flood.
Disaster.
Flemming and several of his agents get out and head immediately for the dam.
B&B looking particularly stupid.
TIGHT ON Beavis' butt, as Butt-head KICKS IT REPEATEDLY.
He guns it.
B&B press their BARE ASSES against the window.
Ahead of them they see a DUMB GUY and a DUMBER GUY with motorcycles parked.
An agent interrupts, punching Van Driessen in the gut.
It's the DUMB GUY and DUMBER GUY from the desert.
The Dumb Guy looks like an older, more stupid, version of Butt- Head.
Dumb Guy punches Dumber Guy in the head with a closed fist.
Dumb Guy gets up, turns his butt towards the fire and starts to drop his pants.
The Dumb Guy and Dumber Guy are gone.
Several other sperm charge in, knocking Beavis into the egg.
Beavis tries to run, but hits the road and flips over and over - and smashes his butt.
His body stops in the middle of the road.
Other cars behind it smash and pile up.
Muddy cocks his gun.
Muddy finishes tying Dallas' hands behind her back.
He's too loud now for Sandy to ignore.
ON FLEMMING AND THE HEAD SECRET SERVICE GUY - arguing.
He shouts in frustration.
Beavis goes into Anderson's camper and shuts the door.
Tom throws Beavis/Cornholio out the door.
B&B head off into the sunset, trading lame insults as we FADE OUT.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
top.location.href=location.href
SKIP BAKER, who is thirteen, crawls out of his pigeon cage, holding two birds that he throws up in the air.
A group of kids walking by Rodney's window shout insulting things about his horn playing.
Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the door.
Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in.
Junior is irritated at his brother.
Linda lets out a little scream.
A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against the china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR.
Harry hides his anger about being touched with the broom.
A dog starts to bark and a garbage can is knocked over.
He fans himself with his hat.
Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand.
Suzie knocks on the door.
Hattie hates it when he comes near her.
Hattie is angered.
There is dislike in her stare.
She is so mad that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
People near him try to make him slow down but his pride forces him to be ridiculous.
She throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
He claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO through the house.
Suzie knocks on the door.
The suitcases are in the middle of the floor.
He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
Junior gets more violent and starts to shake the car.
He refuses but she tries to pull his hand towards her.
Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
The bleeding has stopped.
He gets into an argument with the people on the other end of the phone.
She has an angry expression.
Sunny follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him.
She slams the door.
Harry's body lies on the floor.
In the clearing, a UC JOCK stands behind his ASIAN GIRLFRIEND, kissing her neck and removing her clothes.
And on cue comes the ring of the doorbell and the simultaneous pounding of angry Navy fists on the back door.
The two big guys with bad haircuts hold Jerry off the ground while the earnstwhile Chevy owner goes through his pockets.
Jerry's got on a hat made from Coors beer cans.
They've pulled to a stop.
Sheeni stops.
Stops to regard the reproduction of Massaccio's Expulsion of Adam and Eve from Eden on the wall.
Sheeni wears Khakis, red bandanna neckerchief, and an Australian bush hat.
Mrs. Saunders starts screaming too, the sound of a pig being slaughtered.
Albert WHIMPERS and cocks his head.
Francois cocks the machine-gun.
He slams the door.
They both start screaming as they are blasted with cold water.
A BLOODCURDLING SCREAM rises up from the home.
The screen door slams behind him.
She lets out a scream.
She slams the door.
The Berkeley fire rages on the television.
Estelle screams into the phone.
Nick leans back and glares in silent protest as everyone takes their seats at the table.
Nick tries to shut out the sound of Dwayne getting into the creaky bed behind him.
Nick waits a beat, staring in disbelief.
Beat.
Beat.
And with that he cocks the Thompson for dramatic flare.
Nick knocks on the door.
A beat.
You know damn well, Nick.
He slams down the phone.
The Viewscreen now shows TWO TRANSPORT SHIPS trapped like insects in the violent torrent of energy.
The ships are being buffeted and thrown about by large TENDRILS of CRACKLING ENERGY.
Kirk shuts up.
The ship is destroyed by an energy tendril.
BULKHEAD EXPLODES, sending metal fragments screaming across the Bridge and KILLING the Navigator.
He stops and reacts.
His expression is dark and angry.
She dabs a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth...  her expression is angry and threatening.
A jolt.
He turns and manually SHUTS the hatch behind him.
Moves away from the battle section...  before it can completely escape, the battle section EXPLODES -- the force of the explosion hits the saucer section, knocking it toward the planet.
Everyone is knocked to their knees.
Kirk moves to the stove and tosses out the ruined eggs.
-- Kirk punches Soran and sends him flying backward.
His look of shock turns to fury and madness.
She grabs the box of bullets and throws them in, too.
Doors on the coroner's van SLAM shut.
The room is a mess.
Darryl is mad, but he's still watching the game.
This only makes him madder.
She hangs up on him.
He stops at the door.
There is a KNOCK on the door.
Another KNOCK.
She looks disheveled but is grinning like an idiot.
She's in a world of shit.
Darryl stands and crosses the hall to the room as the door shuts in his face.
Darryl tries the doorknob, but the door is locked.
Everyone is very disappointed, taking off their headsets, turning off tape recorders and looking at Darryl like he's an idiot.
On hearing this Louise mouths the word "shit" in a very frustrated way.
Louise yanks open her car door, gets in and slams the door and fires up the ENGINE.
The car is SCREAMING down the road.
It's Thelma and she puts the gun to his head.
Frustrated, Hal slams down the phone.
She points the gun at it, takes a second to get a bead, then SHOOTS two of the tires flat.
They both turn towards the truck and FIRE rounds into the tankers until they EXPLODE in a huge ball of fire.
The truck driver screams at the top of his lungs.
As she gets to the road she stops.
He screams and ducks down into the seat.
Louise FLOORS it and her car screams ahead.
Louise puts the car in gear and FLOORS it.
We see the one colored blue throw; his disk smashes into the second warrior, and he dissolves into thousands of glowing lines.
sneering, as he uses his electronic cesta to hurl the pellet back with violent force.
They stop in front of a cell, the guard opens the door and shoves the protesting captive inside.
The door SLAMS shut, locked.
reacting.
He throws it back.
Flynn throws again.
The pellet destroys the ring he was standing on, and Crom has to grab frantically at the edge of the next ring to keep from falling.
His face lit from below by the glow of the Game Grid...  angry He puts down his cesta.
His face suffused with anger.
SMASHING another one of the Blue Warriors against a wall.
One of them glows brilliantly as he touches it, and the Recognizer gives a violent shake, then stops.
The Bit gives a violent start and leaps back, out of the way, but immediately comes back, peering at Flynn.
Before the Bit can answer, Flynn's power flows into the Recognizer, and it takes off like a bat out of hell heading for the city.
as the Reco screeches to a screaming stop...  but the head of it, with Flynn and the Bit, breaks loose, and flies through the air, landing in what looks like a garbage dump.
His eyes are shut.
Tron and Yori stop at the foot of Dumont's altar.
The top of the cone is a flat, sliced-off surface.
furious.
from the stern.
Tron picks himself up from the floor where he was thrown when the Sailer took off, and heads for Yori (at the camera.).
It's horrible.
Sark flings his disk with a violent jerk of his wrist.
We see Tron throw his own weapon.
Sark deflects it and immediately throws his own disk.
Tron throws.
Tron continues to throw.
Her eyes stay shut for a second, then open.
Flynn gets up off the floor, goes over to the printer, and READS the document.
Soldiers scream and go nuts.
"I Can't Do Nothing For Ya Man" by Public Enemy blasts.
The Officer does not move, Troy punches his head once.
Vig takes out a U.S. Army pen and uses it to unroll the greasy paper and lie it flat on the sand. is a handwritten map, with scant Arabic writing, a few spare roads, numbers, and three small boxes.
The door explodes open and two MPs grab Archie, pants around his ankles, and drag him from the truck.
Vig fires his pistols with fury at a series of stuffed animals on logs -- blowing the stuffed animals to smithereens.
Doc fires the M-16 and blows the ball to pieces.
Doc throws a ball.
Troy shoots the door lock with his pistol.
Archie kicks the door repeatedly.
They point their guns.
An Iraqi soldier fires a grenade-launcher off his shoulder which explodes the container on the back of the truck -- Milk explodes everywhere, gushing around the wheels of the Humvee and the feet of Archie and the others.
Raging oil fires, 50 feet high -- billowing black smoke.
TWO SOLDIERS grab the Woman from the Man With Glasses, and drag her into a circle with three other soldiers; the ten year-old girl with dirty casts on both arms, screams and punches at them.
The Iraqi Captain paces frantically punching and kicking the walls and talking (SUBTITLED in ENGLISH.).
The Iraqi Captain goes nuts, throwing himself on Doc's back, choking Doc, who flails about.
Troy punches the Iraqi in the head and rips him off Doc.
She is grabbed by the hair and pulled away by an Iraqi soldier, but the Man In Glasses punches him and takes the girl.
The Iraqi Major is pissed.
CUT BACK TO the Major pauses, then smashes the barrel of his machine gun, with Archie's hand, against the Humvee.
Blood dribbles out the bottom of his pants leg like piss.
NO SOUND except for the SLOW MOTION SOUND of the BULLET EXPLODING.
THE ONLY SOUND is the IRAQI'S HEARTBEAT, the bullet tearing flesh and crushing bone, and the heartbeat stopping with a VIOLENT SPLASH.
PAN TO -- slightly slow motion: NO SOUND EXCEPT THE BULLET TEARING INTO IRAQI 7'S KNEE, smashing through bone.
SLOW MOTION: tracer bullets slice across the face of Iraqi 5 and Iraqi 2 in the rear, NO SOUND BUT THE BULLETS BREAKING SLOW MOTION: Archie jams his pistol under the Major's chin and FIRES -- the ONLY SOUND IS THE.
Vig pushes the Humvee's accelerator to the floor.
The Shiite Man In Glasses and his Little Girl cling to the Humvee as they sit on top of the Vuitton hat cases with eight other Shiites, including TWO FIVE YEAR OLDS, A BOY AND GIRL.
REAR OF HUMVEE, SLOW MOTION: half the Shiites hunch down, bracing for an explosion while the other half crane their necks, looking straight up into the sky.
The Hummer drives ten yards, hits the first mine with an explosion and flies into the air -- Flying debris smashes the windshield.
Vig punches Doc in the side of the head.
Iraqi soldiers strip Troy's clothes as he stands in front of Oasis Bunker surrounded only by fortress ruins in the desert.
His clothes are thrown on top of him.
The door is slammed.
He frantically pushes stuff on the floor to block the door.
INTERCUT with bunker: FIRE and CONCRETE EXPLODE into one wall of the bathroom.
Another MORTAR SMASHES through the wall, covers Troy in dust.
Doc and Vig look pissed.
silently destroys Troy's suburban house.
Doc slams in a CD-- TRADITIONAL IRAQI FOLK WAILING PLAYS.
Doc parks, blockading the rear door shut, and, with three Shiite riflemen, jumps out.
Wads of plastic explosive are taped to the grill of the car as it speeds towards the bunker, then drifts to the side -- He jumps up and down and points, but the Infiniti goes far to the side of the bunker and guards point their guns at Vig and the Shiite and they run into the desert as bullets pop around them.
Archie lights a fuse sticking out of the plastic explosive, and drops it into the vent.
An Iraqi helicopter comes in fast and opens FIRE with MACHINE GUNS -- Vig runs toward the bunker for cover, but is cut off by MACHINE GUN FIRE from THE CHOPPER.
The chopper FIRES and one of the Shiites running with Vig is hit in the head, thrown by the force of the gunshot into Vig, who goes down, faking it.
Archie goes down the right side, kicks open a door -- It's the bathroom full of stolen stuff and cell phones -- Doc goes down the left side of the room -- kicks in a door -- a room full of Benneton sweaters in all colors.
It FIRES A GRENADE which EXPLODES next to Archie and Troy.
Archie pretends to throw with nothing in his hand.
The ball hits the ground and EXPLODES.
He pulls out the second ball, cuts another fuse, affixes it.
They bolt out the door, Troy and Archie FIRING pistols, Doc in the middle with the ball.
PAN TO - SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- the ball hits the chopper broadside and THE CHOPPER EXPLODES INTO A BALL OF FIRE.
SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION -- Vig is hit in the collar bone, ONLY THE SOUND OF THE BULLET SMASHING HIS FLESH AND BONE.
Elsa shuts the door.
Back below, the crowd parts for a troll as old as the Earth.
Over the King's words we...  -The Arendelle castle gates shutting.
-Anna rushes to the hall to see Elsa shut the door to her new room.
The sea rages in a storm.
Breaks it.
We cut between Anna's excitement and Elsa's nerves.
Anna steps cautiously through the door--which hits her frozen butt and knocks her into the center of the shop.
Stalemate.
Oaken slams the door.
He considers, lies back down, pulls his hat over his eyes.
Annoyed, Kristoff offers Sven a carrot.
Anna SCREAMS!
Then she grabs a snowball and throws it at Marshmallow.
They hear an angry ROAR coming closer.
Kristoff passes out and hangs like a rag doll.
The awkwardness is killing him.
TROLLS beat.
He pulls off her cape and hat.
A bunch of trolls give each other kisses.
Elsa snaps out of her rage.
Kristoff takes off his hat and puts it on her head.
He goes to the window and shuts the curtains.
Hans leaves and shuts her in, locking the door.
Anna struggles to the door, yanks on the locked handle.
But not yet satisfied, she turns back and punches him right in the face.
At various points, several BUMS warm their hands at trash-can fires.
Suddenly - SMASH! - the doors burst open from the other side.
The teenage boy lies flat on his back semi-conscious, his eyelids fluttering, his breathing shallow.
The SCREAM continues, a howling horrible sound.
floor and pushes through the crowd to follow.
The dialogue prompts a more furious effort on the part of the POV camera.
A beat.
JP lets the useless gun fall from his hand.
Many books are lying on the sofa, the table, and the floor.
It's tense.
What the hell is going on?
The sounds of confused battle are heard OFF; helicopters, gun- fire, distant explosions, screams of the dying and the wounded Leaves and branches SMACK against the frame as the unseen dreamer rushes confusedly through the dense forest.
A low angry BUZZING.
She's upset.
Pinhead: suddenly animate and furious; eyes wide open, face contorted in frustrated rage, black arms clawing at the air.
Terri fights back, screaming her disbelief and struggling and kicking against him.
Terri throws herself back from the monster's grabbing arms.
Pinhead snarls in frustration, hands clenched in fists of rage.
The door BLASTS open explosively from within.
Is it a bomb?
The Elder Cop gut-punches him and Eddie doubles up.
SLAM!
A beat.
And the audience screams!
Joey throws her hands to her mouth and screams.
Behind him, instead of her kitchen, is the black space of Hell - like the Torture Rooms in HELLRAISER and HELLBOUND, it is full of shadowy pillars and chains.
She reaches it, throws it open ...  and screams.
She throws that one open ...
Miriam shuts off the penlight and looks at Catherine with professional and personal concern.
He opens his mouth in a silent scream.
She shuts the refrigerator door and we linger on an odd POSTCARD taped to the surface.
Valentine cowers in the back of his cage, hating this.
SNARLING!
Ramsey snaps shut the cell-phone.
Her bare feet try to adjust to the tile floor, but it's fucking cold.
BAM!  FOUR MEN KICK in and proceed through the FRONT DOOR!
Novak is past angry.
As Cooperman shows them out, Henry seals shut the door.
Catherine's eye shuts.
Catherine's had enough and moves to press the implant, BUT She brutally grabs Catherine, THROWS her against the wall and SMACKS her head against it.
Catherine drops to the floor like a rag doll.
Guilty.
As Stargher is lifted off the pedestal, the doors HISS shut and Valentine curls up on the floor beneath his master.
Catherine's eyes shut.
The electronic HUM becomes RHYTHMIC, AMBIENT NOISE.. INSIDE THE BOX, staying calm, she searches for and finds a TRAP DOOR on the floor.
Dozens of other such domes are visible in the murky hell-hole, but Catherine has no choice.
The dish slips from her fingers and SHATTERS on the floor.
With a finger to his lips, he pockets the locket and shuts the door.
She POUNDS.
The woman cowers, familiar with his violent moods.
She gives him a supportive touch on the shoulder, exits and shuts the door.
Novak catches only a fleeting glimpse of the monster before Stargher King GRABS him by the throat and SMASHES his head against a pedestal.
Novak shuts his eyes and silently tells himself, Not real.
Stargher King grabs his throat and traces the blade down the center of Novak's torso.
NOVAK SCREAMS!
This fucking hurts!
His throat wounded, bloody mess, he descends out of dark nothingness, HOWLING with rage.
Angry and stunned, she demands of Catherine.
Novak pulls his ID BADGE and smacks it against the glass.
CRACK!
Malcolm stabs the pitchfork into the ground in useless anger; John still grips the axe as he follows his father through the hanging bodies of the noblemen to the back row, to see the one man in commoner's dress, like theirs...
Longshanks' eyes expand in fury; it is frightening to see.
He looks up at his wife, as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and heaves!
Playfully he pokes his finger under the collar of her dress, pulling up the strip of checked cloth he gave her at their wedding, which she now wears hidden around her neck.
He slaps the horse's rump and it plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes.
The Magistrate is a battlescarred veteran, a brutal pragmatist angry with his CORPORAL.
Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falters.
Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
Longshanks slaps his son, knocking him down among the colored balls and wickets.
English LORD DOLECROFT is in command, wearing a hat with a pompous white plume.
Joy explodes on his face, and he runs to her, but stops before he touches her, as if she might evaporate.
They burst into the little clearing; the dogs find a body, stabbed, his throat cut; the dogs plunge their snouts into the gore, yipping wildly.
Their lances are useless and it's too late to stop!
Meanwhile, on the other side of the bridge, Wallace and his charging men slam into the English infantry with wild fury.
With rising desire to join the bandwagon, the nobles spur...  DOWN ON THE PLAIN, Wallace and the attacking men drive the English back, killing as they go.
He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack, parrying, letting his arms be cut.
Then Longshanks unleashes his own hateful fury; he grapples with Edward, knocking the dagger away and hurling him to the floor; then Longshanks kicks his son, again and again.
He exhausts his fury on him.
Wallace and the princess are left alone.
As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into the muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it.
sits up gawking as the door explodes inward and Wallace rides through!
But hatred still glows in his eyes.
The angry, defeated magistrate gives a signal.
The heavy door clangs shut behind him.
It's a DOGFIGHT!
The TECHNICIAN slips the blood sample through a slot in the wall.
He's in a box here.
Then, to the TV, where a CARTOON COMMERCIAL makes raucous noises.
The MOTHER slams down the phone.
Nuts?
He's upset.
He shuts the door behind him, leaving her alone.
RAILLY hurries to the door to lock it as BEN says to FALE, The three ACTIVISTS are tied tightly together in the middle of the floor in this dimly-lit, windowless basement.
MALCOLM MASON, being escorted by a phalanx of riot cops through a mob of raging activists.
COLE holds up a clipping showing horrified SENATORS standing on their desks as RATTLESNAKES slither along the Senate Floor.
Then, the trunk swings open and COLE stands in the moonlight, looking down RAILLY is in the trunk, tears of rage and frustration in her eyes.
He slips, falls, and she starts kicking him as she rants hysterically.
PETERS, the red- haired man who insisted to Dr. Railly you didn't have to be insane to think the world was coming to an end.
From littered doorways, DERELICTS sneak peeks at RAILLY as she, seemingly mad, shakes the doorknob, then hammers on the door.
COLE sits on the lumpy bed in the dingy room, watching RAILLY pace back and forth like a mad woman.
POLICE OFFICERS, led by the PLAINCLOTHES COP, make a cautious entrance onto the 4th floor, guns drawn.
HIS POV:  the open window... the blood on the floor.
The GARBAGE BAG squirms and grunts as JEFFREY holds a map under a flashlight and goes over "the plan" with the other ACTIVISTS.
CLOSE ON A GORILLA, by moonlight, angry, a true nightmare vision.
Upset.
CLOSE ON COLE, dozing fitfully, as the SOUNDS of SCREAMING BIRDS continue.
Frustrated, JOSE conceals the gun but keeps a grip on COLE'S arm.
COLE accepts the gun this time, resigned now.
ANGLE ON RAILLY, raging as the SECOND SECURITY OFFICER jabs her with his finger.
The SECURITY OFFICER is retrieving a pair of jockey shorts from the floor beside the search table.
A beat.
The FIRST SECURITY OFFICER tries to stop COLE, but COLE knocks him aside like a rag doll.
CRACK!
CHAOS.
We see CLINT BARTON, dressed in black tactical gear, is up on the railings watching them below, Fury calls Barton on his earpiece.
Walks up to Fury.
Loki looks at his spear then suddenly points it at where Fury and Barton are standing and SHOOTS OUT A BLUE EXPLODING LIGHT TOWARDS THEM.
BARTON TACKLES Fury and they both barely miss Loki's fired shot.
Fury is sitting up, pulling out the bullet, breathing heavily.
Suddenly, Hill turns to SHOOT AT BARTON, but Barton is already POINTING HIS GUN at her and starts SHOOTING, he moves the driver's seat of the truck and DRIVES OFF as Hill keeps shooting.
Fury is holding his side, running.
The energy is really brewing a fucking shit storm from the vacuum chamber ceiling.
A drive-by shooting ensues.
Fury races out of the hallway, avoiding falling pipes.
They run out of there like a bat from hell.
Agent Hill figures `fuck it' and SHOOTS her windshield OPENING FIRE on Barton.
But Fury's chopper BARELY makes it out.
Then...  THE DESERT.
From the chopper's door, it slides open and Fury stands there, holding a gun, SHOOTING at Barton's, giving an honoring image of Loki looks at Fury and in a fit of RAGE, points his scepter SHOOTS OUT THE BLUE LIGHT.
Fury, like the boss he is, JUMPS OUT and touches down onto the desert floor.
Fury, coming back to his senses, FIRES at Loki, but they're toofar and too late.
Fury stands there, MIND REELING.
Fury stands there.
LUCHKOV takes the phone, pissed.
HOLY SHIT.
LUCHKOV places the cell phone against Natasha's ear seeing how she's tied to a chair with her hands tied behind her back.
Giving her momentum, she runs at him DROP KICKING him, FALLS DOWN and FLIPS right back up and WRAPS HER LEGS AROUND HIS NECK She grabs LUCHKOV, wraps his leg around with a hanging chain and drops him down the open floor, dangling.
The THUNDEROUS TONE in is voice makes Natasha QUICKLY grab her gun and point it at him, but something is now OFF in the atmosphere.
Somewhere in an old, almost WWII-esque boxing gym, STEVE ROGERS, a man out of time, THE FIRST AVENGER, FUCKIN' CAPTAIN AMERICA is PUMMELING a punching bag.
Steve's rage keeps building as he punches the bag.
Steve opens his eyes and fuckin' tears the bag as the last memory kicks in.
He hooks the bag up and starts punching again.
Fury walks in.
The Hulk roars with fury as he slams a jeep apart.
Without realizing, Banner doesn't notice them walking as he isnervous as hell.
Turns to NICK FURY, who is at the command chair.
Nick Fury turns to Agent Coulson to explain, while Natasha Romanoff eyes an image of Clint Barton on a computer screen.
As the words resonate to the kneeling crowd, an ELDER GERMAN MAN refuses to kneel and stands, heroic.
A machine gun is pointed towards Loki.
What the fuck?
He looks down at his brother, who he thought to be dead and is angry to see him alive in this fashion.
Although Thor is pissed for what he has done, a family is everything to a man or god.
Right back at you, bitch!
THOR brings that hammer down onto the shield and a MASSIVE IMPLOSION OF LIGHT reacts to the vibranium shield creating a MASSIVE IRON MAN stands up, looking around like `holy shit.' Lying right next to him is Cap, who never takes his eye off Thor.
Fury presses a button which OPENS UP a HATCH underneath Loki's cell.
Without seeing, the sounds of GUSTING WIND would make man shit his pants.
Fury closes the hatch.
Fury walks off leaving Loki in his glass cell.
Steve walks in on them, pissed at Tony.
I'd say I've expanded his mind.
Fury oversees.
Angry, he looks behind him and looks back into the crate.
Suddenly, Steve drops a HYDRA ASSAULT RIFLE on the table causing Fury, Banner and Tony to turn around.
Cap looks pissed.
Are you more crack...  above or below angry bees?
Back in the lab, the egos of these people keeping rubbing off each other and at any moment, the shit will hit the fan.
BLACK WIDOW and Fury have their hands down to grab their guns.
Steve, Fury, Thor and Tony are thrown across while Natasha and Banner is down in the lower equipment room.
For a man who grew up as a YANK, what the fuck is this!
The HULK SMASHES THE SHIT OUT OF IT.
He SHAKES it off and ANGRILY rips off the TAIL of the jet, TORQUES HIS BODY LIKE A GREEK DISCUS THROWER AND...  HURLS Thor SLIDES and DUCKS under the tail.
To no avail -- he strains with all his might, SCREAMS from the effort, BELLOWING.
Thor grabs his hammer, jumps on him, using the hammer as a lock for his CHOKEHOLD.
Fury FIRES a shot at the open entrance.
Watchful, ready, waiting...  Fury steps out, his GUN drawn.
A SHOOT OUT and HAND-TO-HAND ensues, but Fury is unable to stop one of them, which is why he is shot in the head by Agent Hill, who looks hot and sexy holding her gun.
HULK grabs him by the neck.
Evidently not as they begin SHOOTING at him and throwing grenades.
CAPTAIN AMERICA grabs a NOVESKE RIFLEWORKS DIPLOMAT (big word for big fuckin' gun.) and jumps back up to his position, firing down at them.
The gunfight has gone down, but more of Barton's men enter and are taken by Fury, who is confused as to why they keep coming.
Barton releases a multi-tipped arrow towards Fury, but instead hits his command desk, right above a USB Fury FIRES at Barton, but is already gone.
Thor, in a fit of anger, SLAMS MJOLNIR onto the glass cell.
He is now fucked.
Nick Fury looks on grimly at Coulson.
Fury throws Coulson's CAPTAIN AMERICA TRADING CARDS on the table towards Steve.
A LOUD NOISE SCREECHES.
In anger, Loki GRABS Tony by the throat and FLINGS him across the room.
Loki looks up, angry.
The CHITAURI unleashes BLASTS as it goes, blowing up cars, setting storefronts aflame.
The two battle -- Loki unleashing another pent-up rage and jealousy, Thor having no choice but to defend himself.
A DEEP, PRIMAL RAGE BELLOWS OUT.
From the portal, a FUCKING CHITAURI LEVIATHAN FLIES OUT! Carrying hundreds of SOLDIERS, the CHITAURI LEVIATHAN PASSES OVER the TRIO.
Then...  Loki stabs Thor with a small knife.
THE FIRST AVENGER RUNS LIKE A FUCKING CHEETAH.
They look up at this ridiculous looking man.
Way out of their fucking element.
THROWING THE DEAD CHITAURI SOLDIERS TOWARDS OTHER SOLDIERS.
A BLINDING BOLT OF LIGHTNING strikes down from above, colliding on Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the destruction going on in NEW YORK.
OH SHIT.
Fury presses his screen.
She TIRESOMELY takes it down by cutting its throat.
HULK PUNCHES THOR SELVIG WAKES UP FROM LOKI MIND CONTROL.
It CAPTAIN AMERICA jumps through the window and throws his SHIELD at the CHITAURI BOMBER.
CAPTAIN AMERICA flips over the SOLDIER, grabs his SHIELD and just as the BOMB is about to GO OFF, CHITAURI BOMBER dives for, trying to stop it, but it GOES OFF, sending CAPTAIN AMERICA through the window, landing very hard on a car.
Back in the bridge, Fury sees on his VIEWSCREEN the WORLD Fury shuts off his viewscreen.
As Loki looks up, shocked at what just happened, THE HULK IS LEAPING UP AND KICKS LOKI, HURTLING TOWARDS THE GLASS WINDOW.
THOR rides on top of chariot, SMACKING SEVERAL RIDERS with the hammer.
Cap and Thor both throw their respected weapons.
Then...  THE HULK YELLS IN FURY.
THE NOISE STARTLES A beat.
Loki crawls onto the stair, looking like a piece of shit rag doll.
He turns TO FIND THE AVENGERS STARING AT HIM, PISSED.
Fury walks out, towards the bridge.
snaps up and the nose explodes, blood erupting.
And Trinity is moving again -- Seizing a wrist, misdirecting a gun, as a startled cop A head explodes.
The cop begins to scream when a jump kick crushes his windpipe, killing the scream as he falls to the ground.
Across the street, a garbage truck suddenly u-turns, its TIRES SCREAMING as it accelerates.
He hangs up.
An EL TRAIN RAGES against its metal rails.
She seals his eyes shut with the tape.
In the circular window of the glasses, EXPLOSIONS light up a bloody battle field.
They break up.
Switch and Apoc stop at the doors.
They weave their way to the back of the bar, the STICKY FLOOR SNAPPING under their FEET.
It BREAKS against the linoleum floor.
The phone flips shut as he jumps up.
Those words stop the others dead in their tracks.
The door to the roof explodes open as heavily-armed rnen rush towards room 1313.
Morpheus stops as the scream is drowned by the REPORT of MACHINE GUNS filling the building with a terrible fury.
Gun smoke thickens the room, Cable blasting and moving until -- The HAMMER CLICKS empty.
He screams as a DOZEN GUNS OPEN FIRE, ripping him apart.
Cops flood the eighth floor, rushing everywhere.
He can hear WHISPERS, HISSES and a GRUNT when -- The WALL suddenly bulges, SHATTER-CRACKING as the Cop realizes -- Neo pulls Cypher free just as the Cop OPENS FIRE -- BULLETS PUNCHING shafts of light like swords into the box of soot-black space.
They continue, Trinity exposed for a roment, when a creeping cop smashes a fist through and grabs a fistful of her hair.
Their enemies are waiting for them.
Smith and Morpheus exchange a furious serious of blows that is witnessed but not believed by the surrounding police.
Agent Smith delivers a punishing kick that staggers Morpheus.
The DOOR CLANGS shut.
She hangs up.
He stabs the enter command activating the exit sequence and ducks under a BARRAGE of PLASMA FIRE- The PHONE begins to RING as the others crawl in.
Dozer charges, screaming, and the PLASMA RIFLE SCREAMS back.
He stands over the body of Morpheus, as his anger boils up out of him.
He grabs hold of the cable in Apoc's neck, twists it and yanks it out.
He takes hold of the cord when -- She hears an EXPLOSION and a scream.
Tank punches several commands on Morpheus' personal unit.
Rage overtakes her and she starts kicking hin.
He snap cocks an Uzi.
He is becoming angry.
Agent Smith smashes a table.
Screaming, he whirls, GUNS filling his hands with thought-speed.
The AIR SIZZLES with wads of lead-like angry flies as Neo twists, bends, ducks just between them.
The GUN jumps and BULLETS EXPLODE through the WINDOW in a cacophony of CRASHING GLASS -- As the Agents go for their weapons.
Neo gets to his feet, trying to detach himself but -- The helicopter is falling too fast, arcing over the roof like a setting sun -- The coils of slack snap taught -- Yanking Neo off his feet, dragging him with ferocious speed towards the edge even as -- Trinity lunges for the back door, her gun in one hand, grabbing for the rope with the other -- Neo flies like a skipping stone, hurtling straight AT us, when his feet hit the rain gutter -- A fulcrum that levers him up just as -- Trinity FIRES, severing the cord from the HELICOPTER, falling free of it as it SMASHES, blades first into a glass skyscraper.
Agent Smith stares, his face twisted with hate.
The handset hanging in the air as the BULLET HITS, SHATTERING the EAR-PIECE.
Agent Smith's face warps with rage and he attacks, fist flying at furious speed, blows and counters, Neo retreating as -- A knife-hand opens his forearm, and a kick sends him slamming back against a steel column.
They fall as the sound and fury of the TRAIN EXPLODES INTO the station.
Neo turns, limping, starting to run, racing for the escalator -- As the train comes to a stop and the doors of the last car open; Agent Smith bursts out in furious pursuit, his glasses again intact.
A man sits in his Mercedes, talking on his car phone when his door is thrown open.
Neo drops the phone as his car bucks into the opposing lane -- Directly into the charging path of an enormous truck driven by Agent Smith.
The agents chase him, FIRING, BULLETS SPARKING and RICOCHETING even as Neo jumps for the third-floor platform.
305...   304... Agent Brown reaches the broken window behind him just as Neo grabs the handle of 303, throwing open the door to find -- Agent Sniith, waiting, .45
cocked.
Neo can't move -- can't think -- Neo's body jerks, and everyone hears it as the life monitors snap flat-line.
Morpheus is frozen in disbelief.
A sentinel BLOWS a hole in Morpheus' right arm and he screams, refusing to let go of the detonator.
Frustrated, Betty delivers several plates and drops them at tables where the people know her by name.
It's loud.
He motions for her to join him but she remains where she is, fuming.
They pantomime frantically back and forth until Joyce throws him the finger and SLAMS out the door.
She sees her speed and punches the accelerator ...  80 m.
Annoyed, Charlie stuffs the socks back in Del's mouth.
She hangs up.
He hangs up.
It's still more intense at the entrance: VOICES talking back and forth urgently, POLICE OFFICERS, CIVILIANS, DOCTORS AND NURSES converging.
SECURITY GUARDS draw their guns and scream at him to drop it.
The loading area immediately fills with DOCTORS, NURSES and COPS.
Charlie turns his back to the car and addresses the angry clouds on the horizon.
He mutters to himself.
Wesley explodes.
Rosa stands over Betty, fuming.
Rosa SCREAMS and smacks her hand on the glass as Betty watches.
fuming in her humiliation.
Joyce begins to sob at the side of the trailer as Roy shimmies through the window frame.
Suddenly, Ballard is there, weapon cocked and placed roughly into Roy's privates.
He puts the pistol in his mouth and cocks it.
Charlie reacts at this, throwing his razor into the sink and turning on Wesley.
He turns and slams into the door frame.
When the front door BANGS SHUT allows himself to go back to his shaving.
George McCord, wearing sunglasses and still angry, strides into the lobby.
Wesley is furious.
He breaks it over his knee and throws it in the gutter, then quickly removes the wing nut holding the spare tire.
A KNOCK at the door ruins Charlie's moment.
Charlie slams the door and frisks them, taking a gun and handcuffs from Ballard.
Wesley grabs his shirtfront and slams him to the floor, then with a foot on his neck, he loops Ballard's arms around one leg of the steel aquarium stand and handcuffs him.
Wesley immediately pulls his gun and points it at Roy's head.
Ballard has fucked up again.
Rosa throws herself onto Wesley's back, knocking him to the floor.
Wesley stares in disbelief at the blood rushing out of him.
He slumps to the floor and opens his mouth to scream ...  Charlie opens the bedroom door.
top.location.href=location.href
Several of the seamen have formed a group and are pissing on the sand.
ADA nods and looks up coldly, insulted by his slow loud speaking.
ADA turns to BAINES, her face angry and defiant, her eyes full of tears.
As he gets out of the river HIRA slaps him.
ADA leads her to the door signing to her FLORA is shut out.
ADA pulls the skirt up fractionally so the top other boots are exposed.
He shuts the piano lid forcing ADA to remove her hand.
BLUEBEARD pulls out a cut-out axe and moves towards her.
(Angry to the NEGOTIATOR.)
ADA's mouth falls open, but then she too kicks it and they begin to dribble the mud caked cabbage towards the hut, all the time signing playful insults.
Baines can't play a damn thing.
Birds fly in mad wind-battered courses, swooped up then strangely drawn down.
Two of them give chase while the others insist on tobacco.
(exasperated.)
She stops and begins again.
FLORA walks back through the bush muttering childish expletives to herself.
FLORA pauses petulant and grumpy.
He blinks rapidly BAINES walks roughly towards the door and opens it, his softness turned suddenly cruel.
Gently she pulls his under- garment down, exposing his buttocks.
Squeezing the key in his fist, STEWART staggers off in a daze, He returns, picks up his open pack spilling the nails.
BAINES and HIRA make their way past the Meeting House and the low sleeping houses to the Pa entrance where his horse waits, A crowd of children run beside them, dogs scurry off and pigs are kicked out of the way, their owners protesting loudly.
(Hood.)
Jab, smash, jab, smash Jab, smash, jab, smash The Taniwha, the Taniwba.
By tomorrow I'll be shitting buttons.)
He grabs a glass of Mimosa champagne punch from a passing tray, sips... scowls.
Damn, it works.
Karl comes over, gives his an elder brother's punch on the arm, points out what to do.
The men cock their weapons and brace themselves as the car stops and the elevator doors open.
Frustrated, he watches this, knits his brow.
McClane pauses outside the stairwell door to the 33rd floor, he presses the handle and cracks the door open TO REVEAL a computer floor.
McClane starts to open the stairwell door to the Machine Floor when a NOISE above him gets his attention.
Hans gives them both a look like an annoyed schoolmaster, turns back to Takagi.
He cocks the gun: BANG!!
McClane moves out onto the 31st floor, angry at himself.
McClane watches in disbelief.
As the SOUND OF THE MACHINE GUN FADES he listens and hears another SOUND -- a NOISE coming from the other end of the room near the cubicles.
McClane cocks his Beretta.
Tony fires his machine gun, but McClane kicks him into the desk.
After it's dropped only half a floor, McClane forces the doors open with his fingers -- stopping the car between floors.
Ginny winces, uncomfortable on the floor.
The car speeds up the shaft -- passing the car bringing Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stops at the machine floor.
He FLINGS a LAMP against a wall, PUNCHES a hole into the plaster.
Tracer bullets rip into the wall behind him.
The big man fires a burst and McClane ducks back stopping at the exterior door to the pump room he used before.
He BLOWS the lock off with a burst from his machine gun and slips into the darkness of the: Coming quickly out of the pump room, McClane picks his way over the same ground as a few minutes before and opens the door to the elevator shaft.
He's OVERHEARD enough of this to realize he's in deep shit.
McClane points his gun downward and waits.
McClane punches out a ceiling vent and drops down into the machine room.
The bullets rip into the table top and the chair, and McClane goes down behind the table.
McClane FIRES TWICE and Heinrich DROPS sprawling in the hallway, machine gun FIRING BLINDLY until he hits the floor.
Shouts -- Now, hearing MACHINE GUN FIRE, Thornburg hangs up the second phone.
What the hell?
Also hating himself, McClane does the same thing.
Mitchell and Robinson watch from behind the cover of a police car as the SWAT officers remove a portable welding torch and begin cutting their way through the locks.
A blast ROARS from the third floor window and the shell hits the armored car.
On the police radio channel we HEAR the screams of men inside.
James hands the shell to Alexander, who expertly loads it into the anti-tank gun.
The explosion, like a firestorm, rips across the floor: The police take cover behind their cars.
McClane is so furious, he's out of breath.
We realize we're on THE HOSTAGE FLOOR, and Hans has just turned on the set out here for his "guests".
As the bullshit continues, Ellis suddenly STANDS, head towards the terrorist "office".
As Fritz shrugs: Karl looks at Ellis and then at Hans, as if to say, let me plug this asshole right now.
He throws open the door to let McClane and the police hear the screams of the hostages.
It's asses and elbows time.
Theo and Kristoff have been rewarded with another LOCK The graphic on his screen flashes:  "WARNING:  ELECTRO-       * As he talks, he essentially PATROLS the floor he's staked out, constantly looking into every dark corner, gun held ready, moving toward the stairwell.
Fritz drags Ellis' body out of the office and throws it on the floor.
Robinson wants Powell to shut up.
McClane FIRES back, killing Fritz.
McClane curses himself, then RETREATS into a: Where he DUCKS and DODGES as bullets ping and ricochet all around him.
Ducking, rolling, he FIRES at: McClane's bullets RAKE his middle, throw him over a desk, his weapon FLYING: He SLIDES right into a glass door.
Karl looks pissed as hell.
He moves towards the door, limping hurriedly out of the room.
Explosives are everywhere.
Karl's weapon clatters on the floor.
He SLAPS her.
As the hostages SQUEAL and SCREAM, McClane snatches up Uli's machine gun, runs out onto the roof.
The helipad EXPLODES!
Wincing as more FLAMING DEBRIS sizzles by, McClane levels the machine gun, KICKS off from the building, SWINGS back ten feet -- reaches the zenith of his arc -- FIRES the gun and sails back in: McClane SMASHES through the shattered glass, SAILS inside, rolls onto the floor, PLOWING through furniture and decor.
McClane is YANKED off his feet, dragged towards the window!
recovers from another AFTERSHOCK, runs up the steps -- is momentarily amazed to HEAR a "ding" from the elevator -- he looks at: where suddenly the WALL EXPLODES OUTWARD as an ENTIRE ELEVATOR CRASHES THROUGH THE WALL, swinging on its cable like a demolition ball on a crane!
The bullet passes right THROUGH Hans, and the WINDOW behind him SPLATTERS with blood and SHATTERS.
Without a beat, Holly PUNCHES HIM in the chops.
Three men are seated around the table; CHARLIE DONOVAN. the manager, PHIL BUTLER, public relations head, JERRY SIMMONS, operations director and LYLE MATTHEWS director of player personnel Donovan taps his pencil impatiently, obviously waiting for somebody.
Dorn is pissed.
He turns to Pepper with a look that says, "Can you believe this shit?"
waiting for a throw at the plate.
The Cabbie pulls to a stop and points to the other side of the street.
The smoke rising from Cerrano's gunpowder explosion sets off the automatic sprinklers in the ceiling.
Hayes takes his lead-off and crouches, ready to steal.
He's plenty upset with himself.
Vaughn comes down to protest, but Pepper quickly grabs him and hurries him off the field.
Lynn is irritated by Janice's directness.
Vaughn stomps around on the mound, obviously upset.
Rexman, slightly irritated, backs out of the box.
We hold on the skirt, nailed to the floor by the cleats.
Finally he bends over and grabs his ankles, while one of his teammates humps up against him, pretending to bugger him.
He jumps up and punches the air with his fist.
He's hurting.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Cerrano swings and knocks the crap out of it.
Meanwhile, the CROWD has gone nuts at the sight of Vaughn.
Vaughn goes into his windup and unleashes a screaming bullet toward the plate.
The stadium explodes with BOOS, but as soon as Taylor picks himself up, the crowd begins to ROAR again.
A beat.
It hangs there.
A beat; he stares at her, expressionless.
A beat.
A beat.
He lies back down.
He GUNS his car after her.
He has punched in He is waiting for a response.
He looks at her, expressionless.
The glass EXPLODES behind them -- a chair comes into the room.
He goes to the TV, shuts it off.
He hangs it up.
The floor is huge.
She goes towards the men's room.
A hot 19.
She is melting into him now, kissing him...  Tex watches, expressionless... the black guy is gone...  he holds her by the back of the neck, kissing her... their bodies pressed into each other...  his hands are on her butt now, pulling her into him now, almost holding her up now... and then under her skirt, under her panties...  as he kisses her neck.
Right there on the floor.
As Tex watches expressionless.
Atop her...  he kisses her neck... his hands under her, raising her...  he moves down, kisses her breasts... puts his mouth around  a breast...  she arches, moves... he kisses her shoulder...  biting into it... she opens her mouth...  we hear no cry... we hear the Stones.
Roxy watches him, expressionless, from an upstairs window of the house.
The Ferrari SCREAMS head-on for him.
She is very angry.
Nick enters and shuts door.
She gives him a look, but punches it in again.
The elevator rises a floor, stops.
It rises to the third floor.
The icepick goes into his neck.
It explodes open.
She moves a hand in a pocket and moves towards him fast -- And he FIRES the gun.
Andrews yells to them from the stairway door.
He looks at her, expressionless.
punches in the course.
The only sound, the PROXIMITY WARNING.
Cooper backs out, allowing the inner airlock door to shut, ECHOING through the ship.
The universal symbol for explosives is on the cover.
The door BLOWS APART as THE WAVE HITS, ripples through the Medical Bay towards Miller... Debris swirls around him...  the wave sweeps him up... SLAMS him into a bulkhead...  the briefest suggestion of a SCREAMING FACE, obscured by STATIC and ROLL before the screen CUTS to static entirely.
His legs are withered, useless things.
Cooper throws the ball at him, hard.
Beat.
Beat.
The PULSE of the ship is loud here, a deep THRUM that steals their breath.
The scalpel drops to the floor at her feet.
The Inner Airlock door control flashes: "LOCKED."
She crosses to him.
Blood fills the X-ray lightboxes, it surges up from gutters in the floor...
She SLAMS the pressure door shut behind her, CUTTING OFF the sound.
Peters SCREAMS at the door.
He turns on her, his face furious...  ...and the POUNDING stops.
The pressure door shuts with a HISS.
Hits it.
DJ puts a tube in the Justin's mouth immediately, feeding him oxygen.
He GASPS, then SCREAMS, spraying blood from his mouth.
She bites through his neck.
Adversaries...
She is dead.
Rifles through it.
His gauge immediately goes to "Yellow - Reserve." Cooper points the full tank away from the Event Horizon and The blast of pressurized air pushes him towards the ship, leaving the wreckage of the Lewis and Clark behind.
Weir takes a step towards the window, raises the gun to fire again.
Before Weir can fire, the window EXPLODES outward.
Miller pulls himself through the door as it begins to shut.
The door continues to shut.
Miller YELLS and rips a compressor from its mount, wedges it in the door to keep it open.
Beat.
The door slides shut with a dull THUNK.
THUMP.
THUMP.
The glass BURSTS in an EXPLOSION OF BLOOD...
The Burning Man YELLS and raises his arm in accusation...  ...and FIRE RACES OUT FROM BEHIND HIM, flowing over the walls, the ceiling, the floor, racing for Miller like a rising tide...  Miller runs.
The fire is faster, flooding in behind him.
It's still open by a fraction when the fire hits it...  ...SENDING A LANCE OF FLAME stabbing out towards Miller.
The coolant STEAMS and SIZZLES at his feet.
SMASHES Miller to the floor with a single blow.
The EXPLOSION knocks Starck and Cooper down.
The doctor pulls the door shut behind him.
After thinking for a moment, she tries a couple of ways of whistling as loud as she can, but frustrated and feeling foolish, she soon gives up.
The houseboy stops before a door at the top of the staircase and raps lightly on it with his knuckles.
The door swings shut behind him, plunging the room back into darkness.
He gives a look as if to say, "Jesus, what a fuckin' weirdo".
The longer Duncan sits there without moving, without saying anything, the angrier Bill gets.
He grabs Duncan and, half dragging, hurries him out the back door and throws him into the alley where Duncan falls in a heap.
Clifford stops him.
Duncan stops.
Clifford knocks on the door.
He stops at Cheater's table and shakes him hard.
Cheater sits up and starts to pull himself together.
The maintenance man turns and sees Cheater stretched out again on the table.
He pulls Cheater off the table and pushes him to the door.
He straightens his rags indignantly, then looks at Duncan and grins.
She swears under her breath and angrily slams the closet door shut.
The bottle comes back to Cheater, three-quarters down.
He grabs the doorknob and heaves himself against the door.
It's bolted shut.
O.S. we hear the angry sizzle of coffee spilling onto the hot stove, as Tracy goes to get it.
The bolt slips and the door is securely shut.
Duncan turns to see Cheater elatedly hobbling up to him.
Duncan enters the mission and Cheater stands out on the sidewalk for a moment, bitterly frustrated.
Clifford turns, sees Cheater.
He has no choice but to climb them, higher and higher, the sound of Clifford's angry footsteps always coming up behind him.
CLOSE UP on a section of a newspaper lying in the gutter.
Over this action...
Jill screams and falls to the floor.
Jill quietly pulls the door shut, and Policeman #2 walks back up the hallway.
At one table, three OFFICERS are playing bridge.
He pulls a card from his hand and throws it down.
Garber hastily picks up his card and throws down another.
Garber throws down another card.
Garber throws down his cards.
Jill unscrews the burned-out bulb from its socket and throws it in the trash.
He is dead.
On the narrow strip of floor between the bed and the wall lies John.
top.location.href=location.href
The MEN doff their hats and mop their brows.
In the audience, one man YELLS "Lock up the commie bastards!," and a few others cheer and laugh.
Peter stands, stubs out his smoke, drops a few crumpled bills on the bar and grabs his hat.
Pete's preoccupied with putting on his hat and getting his car keys out of his coat pocket, a daunting task in his condition.
Pete is asleep in the driver's seat, head tilted back, his hat covering his face, snoring.
Pete drives along the moonlit two-lane blacktop.
He takes off his hat and jams it down in the back seat.
The sheriff stops.
Luke is about to swing shut the heavy door, when he looks down and sees shoot into the lobby, stopping in the middle of the floor.
Luke moves to the door and knocks.
There's an insistent KNOCK at the door.
Clyde's SECRETARY knocks on the door, sticks her head in.
They stop, shuck off their hats.
Mrs. Terwilliger stops playing, annoyed.
Disillusionment.
Betrayal.
Rory moves to the door, and is about to put his key in the lock, when Lottie starts whining, looking toward the fog bank and sniffing the air expectantly.
Lottie's barking gets LOUDER and angrier.
Suddenly, a large black car punches out of the fog bank and tears down the road.
There's a knock at the door.
At the door, a pair of PHOTOGRAPHERS and a NEWSREEL CAMERAMAN are jockeying for position.
Pete takes off his hat and nervously scratches his head.
Leo shuts the door and calls after him, waving Pete's hat.
Pete comes back and takes his hat.
She seems to be driving with that excess care of one who does not wish to be stopped for a minor traffic irregularity.
With a self-angry sigh of resignment, she goes to a close car, looks at it.
Impatience and anger rise in Mary.
He stops short, looks at her, then at the umbrella hanging useless in his hand, then back to her.
In a moment there is the SOUND of the house's front door slamming shut.
Then he goes to the car trunk, raises it with his foot, throws the suitcase and the pail into it, slams it shut.
Norman jumps away, slams the door shut, stands tense.
The door to his mother's room is closed.
Arbogast gradually eases the door closed, stands against it, waiting.
Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, call him "liar."
She turns, frustrated, anxious.
The door on her right, which opens into the mother's room, is closed.
Norman's face is no longer expressionless.
And Lila's scream is joined by another scream, a more dreadful, horrifying scream which comes from the door behind her.
She is dumb-struck.
The wild fury in Norman's face, the mad noise of his screams and vile curses.
Over the shot, the SOUNDS of the struggle, the screams of Norman.
Wrong again.
He's distracted.
stands sullenly as his Father rages at him.
Zim knocks him flat.
throws a knife, buries the point in a narrow post.
Zim throws, sticks his hand to the post.
blasts past a DESTROYER orbiting in dock, zips between CORVETTES and other slower fleet traffic in the crowded space lanes of Luna.
Johnny shuts the handcam off.
Deladier arrives on the bridge, now crowded as other FLIGHT OFFICERS rush to their stations.
Johnny's mother makes a face to shut him up.
She lloks graet in uniform with the hat and the lieutenant's bars on her shoulders.
Zander takes off his hat.
Johnny punches him right in the nose.
Carmen looks at Johnny, the hate in his eye, the blood on his fist.
The insect screams.
they're hit.
THOUSANDS OF BUGS boil out of the ground to defend against the invader.
He fights, screaming.
Bug parts fly as insects swarm in for the kill.
Bugs scream as they twist and kick in the wall of flame.
boil out of the ground.
The big bug explodes.
The plasma bug explodes in its cauldron.
A blast of bug plasma streaks past them towards the heavens.
It's his former student Carl Jenkins, now a Colonel, weary and pissed off.
Rasczak slams the door shut on them.
Rasczak fires, killing Gillespie.
Roughnecks engage in the sport of methodically killing the workers.
It' dead, too.
Rasczak stops screaming.
Blood sprays from a deep gash in her neck.
The rear section explodes, the forward section begins to burn towards the bridge.
Carmen fires a burst and kills it.
The Roughnecks open fire at the charging bug horde.
Johnny starts for the gaping mouth of an exposed bug tunnel and the others fall in behind him.
The moaning turns to SCREAMING.
A thorn-like PALP unfolds out of the brain bug and strikes, driving deep into Deladier's head and sucks her brains out.
The fight is furious, point blank, deadly to bug and Roughneck alike.
A subterrenean nuclear explosion blows a column of earth and stone into the air.
Agent Janus SCREAMS.
Kay pulls the car to a stop.
This pisses Edwards off.
Kay looks at Jeebs, pissed off.
Hot.
The elevator doors slide shut.
In the middle of the tile floor, there is an unused table.
THE ORKIN MAN'S CAR KEYS drop to the garage floor, and Edgar picks them up.
Inside the elevator, the doors WHOOSH shut, KAY turns a key in a certain floor number, and the descent begins.
AT A STORAGE CAGE, Kay turns a key in the lock of a caged-in area and throws the door open.
Above it, on the shelf, a BLACK HAT and a pair of BLACK SUNGLASSES.
The hat comes off the shelf.
He's getting annoyed.
They get in and slam the doors.
Mrs. Redgick SCREAMS again.
He falls, flat on his back in the dirt, the multi-tentacled lizardlike baby resting squarely on his chest.
Carefully, he sets the box down and lovingly places the cat on top of it while he locks all five locks on the door to his distinctive shop.
Immediately, ROSENBERG'S CAT jumps on top of it.
The Woman SCREAMS.
There are SHOUTS of outrage, a few MEN rise out of their seats.
The doors of the wagon SLAM shut.
The words split in half as the stretcher BANGS through the doors.
He BELLOWS in rage and hurls the box against the side of the van, where it finally CRACKS a hinge.
Kay pulls out another weapon, the TINIEST GUN WE'VE EVER SEEN.
SMASH!
They stop at the smashed door of the jewelry shop and exchange a glance.
Before Edgar can shoot, Jay YELLS...
It's as if Laurel is sucked into another universe.
LAUREL SLAMS into a wall on one side of the morgue, thrown there by EDGAR.
He leans in, close, furious.
From inside the morgue, Laurel SCREAMS.
Edgar just cranks the car into gear -- opening his mouth and swallowing the icon -- and in so doing revealing a TRIPLE ROW OF SERRATED BUG-TEETH, he SLAMS HIS FOOT on the gas pedal.
Kay's car hurtles toward certain death in the traffic jam, but at the last possible moment it swerves off to the side, a SUCKING SOUND coming from underneath it.
The Bug straightens up to its full height and throws his head back.
Kay slides down the Bug's throat, bending it sideways as he kicks and SCREAMS his way down into its abdomen.
In frustration, Jay screams and throws himself on the Bug, hanging onto its back, trying to drag it down.
CRUNCH.
ON THE BUG as he flinches on the ladder -- he hates that sound.
CRUNCH!
CRUNCH.
Jay is pissed and starts in on Kay.
As they argue, behind them, unseen, THE FRONT HALF OF THE BUG RAISES ITSELF UP on its forearms, eyes gleaming with hate, jaws dripping -- ready to lower itself onto Kay and Jay.
He winces.
She exposes her taut midriff.
He nods toward JULIE, who's at the open bar grabbing two glasses of punch.
STU SCREAMS.
The BOY begins to SOB softly.
Behind her, the TELEPHONE POLE that the car slammed into is beginning to TEETER.
STU SCREAMS, shakes them off, and RUNS.
Above the door, an ANIMATED NEON SIGN shows a happy boozer lifting his martini glass, then falling over flat on his back, at which point his eyes are replaced by the traditional cartoon X's.
BULL glowers at him, snorting STEAM out of both nostrils.
BULL and JUMBO rear back to PUNCH STU'S LIGHTS OUT.
STU SCREAMS.
The sound of the key in the lock is met by INSANE BARKING.
Pissed off, she SHAKES her FIST at MONKEYBONE and pulls the lid of her clamshell SHUT.
STU LUNGES at MONKEYBONE - who JUMPS OVER HIM, BOUNDS off the edge of the table, and grabs hold of a CHANDELIER.
The ball hits the REAPER smack on the head, knocking him off his bike!
He grins and shrugs: what the hell.
An angry CYCLOPS elbows him aside.
COMATOSE STU stands in the center of the room, UPRIGHT and IMMOBILE in a party hat.
Yet all around him, DARKTOWNERS are cackling their heads off, growling, howling, punching their fists in the air like rowdy drunks at a football game.
The noise is irritating, so a REAPER on the inside snaps the venetian blinds shut, cutting off our view.
Dead souls take the form of PERFORATED PAPER DOLLS... two-dimensional, underwear-clad, usually wearing expressions of shock.
DEATH lets out a great rattling BELLOW OF RAGE.
Before they know it, they're pedaling directly TOWARD the mob of ANGRY REAPERS!! STU jerks the handlebars HARD RIGHT and JUMPS THE TRACK he's on.
Trailing black fumes, the BICYCLE RISES!
He flips it...
The poor dog is stuck behind an accordion gate in the hall, going crazy, trying to warn his mistress about the imposter in STU's body.
Then, with a what-the-hell twinkle, he steps out and FLINGS HIS SWEATY HANKIE into the midst of the GROUPIES.
He winds up - throws a ROUNDHOUSE PUNCH at STU-BONE'S FACE.
ANGRY NEIGHBORS poke their heads out the windows.
An angry HYPNOS slams down the phone and storms across the dance floor to his big circular bed.
SCREAMS ALL AROUND as the ORGAN DONOR sits BOLT UPRIGHT!
The dog looks up, cocks his head - and begins WAGGING HIS TAIL.
Behind him, BUSTER is throwing a fit - barking, FLINGING himself at the screen door.
BUSTER throws everything he's got at the door - and it gives!
He turns suddenly - GRABS THE BAT from the puzzled BABE - He wails on the pinata like Ken Griffey Jr. O.D. STU tries to stop him, but it's too late - the pinata BURSTS, and hundreds of PURPLE-ASSED MONKEYBONE DOLLS spill out onto the ground!
A SERVER ladles out a cup of PUNCH from a big silver PUNCHBOWL.
Bystanding GUESTS are DRENCHED in punch as the punch bowl FLIES END OVER END...  ...and, with the sound of a GONG being struck, BEANS a member of the SURGICAL TEAM from behind!! Naturally it's the guy who's lugging the ICE CHEST full of O.D. STU's organs.
The cop's shot hits the giant MONKEYBONE BALLOON smack in the ass.
A FIFTY-FOOT WARRIOR clad in JAPANESE CEREMONIAL ARMOR, he TOWERS over Dark Town, so mighty and enormous that he can wear the E-TICKET RIDE as a hat!! STU lands a HAYMAKER, and the two of them break loose of each other - - LANDING in the upturned palms of the COLOSSUS!
The idiot pile of sleepy dragons.
Thompson, his hat in his hand, is standing before her.
Thatcher puts on his hat.
Bernstein, fifty, is waiting anxiously with a little group of Kane's hirelings, most of them in evening dress with overcoats and hats.
He is in white tie, wearing his overcoat and carrying a folded opera hat.
In the window of the saloon is a large sign or poster "REMEMBER INSERT:  Remington drawing of American boys, similar to the parade above, in which "Our Boys" in the expeditionary hats are seen marching off to war.
The wooden floor of the railroad platform again - a bundle of "Enquirers" - this time an enormous bundle - is thrown down, and the moving shadows of the train behind the camera indicate that it is going like a bat out of hell.
The entire newspaper is crushed with an angry gesture and thrown down into an expensive-looking wastebasket (which is primarily for ticker tape.)
Before him rages a terrific tenement fire.
The door is opened and a condemned man, with priest, warden and the usual attendants, moves into foreground and starts up the hall past a group which includes phtographers, Kane's sob- sister, and Kane.
The whole thing is bundled up and thrown into a garbage can.
The whole floor is now a City Room.
The band and the chorus girls enter and hell breaks loose all around Leland and Bernstein.
This stops Bernstein.
Screaming headline: OIL SCANDAL!
An angry crowd seen from the window of Kane's office.
A rock is thrown.
He starts to work himself into a rage.
Kane is trembling with rage as he shakes his fist at Rogers's back.
She walks a few steps towards the middle of the block, and can stand it no longer.
Matisti stops.
Beyond that, out in the darkness - an apprehensive conductor struggles with his task of coordinating an orchestra and an incompetent singer.
Susan shoots him an angry glance.
She is very angry.
She shivers.
Raymond locks the door and comes to his side.
Raymond ushes Thompson into The magnificent tapestries, candelabra, etc., are still there, but now several large packing cases are piled against the walls, some broken open, some shut and a number of objects, great and small, are piled pell mell all over the place.
One of the Men LOCKS the door.
Nowhere to run, he races into the farthest stall and SLAMS the door.
Sighing, Max unlocks Doug from the pipe, hauling him up and slamming into the wall as he cuffs his hands behind his back.
He stops at a door.
Max smiles and nods, but his eyes give him away as a liar: The Detective steals a look at Max as Adams shuts his door.
Natasha explodes out of the bed, springing up naked in front of Max - shoulders heaving with rage, eyes wild black holes.
The air echoes with angry VOICES, LAUGHTER and SCREAMS.
Max glances back at the path and finds himself facing a wall of angry cops.
Christa steps towards Max, teeth gritted with powerless rage.
Still fuming from the encounter with Bravura, Max watches the numbers over the door fall.
The doors LURCH shut.
Max stops at a door marked `ALEX HILLMAN.'    It's locked.
One by one, the detectives climb to their feet, expressions showing outrage and anger.
SHOUTS and BANGS ring through the door.
An impact sends CRACKS splitting up the length of the door... Two detectives throw their shoulders into the door.
A louder, longer KNOCK.
A muted SCREAM filters through the door, cutting her short.
The bat CUTS through the air, SMASHING open glass pipes in the wall behind Max, the shards raining down over him...
A trespasser.
Glass smashed.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
Hell.
Bravura and the Young Cop stand on the spot where he fought Max the night before - disturbed snow, the frayed cord...  Bravura nods at the bullshit, focus drawn to Max's locker.
His nose is smashed flat.
CRACK!
Bravura snaps his phone shut, trying to regulate his breath.
A BURST of machine gun fire POUNDS the floor in front of Max's feet.
The door pulls shut behind him.
He pulls the door shut.
Helplessly watching it slip away, Max SCREAMS with rage...  Outside, no voice could carry on that raging WIND.
rumbles in.
BB looks annoyed that he's not getting a reaction out of him.
Max's head snaps up, eyes simmering with rage.
Max throws his shoulder into the door, SNAPPING the hinges...
It's hopeless; he immediately begins to sink again.
Max raises one of the guard's machine guns and OPENS FIRE.
Slugs ricocheting, BB and Salle struggle to shut the doors.
From Max's POV: as the elevator doors slam shut, a glimpse of BB's face stretching and distorting into a demonic grin...  BB and Salle watch the floor number rise.
The elevator opens and BB steps out, snapping his phone shut.
Suddenly the woman grabs up the child with a little sob, turns and runs away.
SHOT.
It is a delicately-made tubular telescope, badly smashed.
Reluctantly Harley has picked up his hat and brief case.
Harley has paused to watch as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The nurse pauses as the M.P. takes out a key and inserts it in the lock of Klaatu's door.
The boys are calling out the extras: "Police under fire!" "Army put in charge!" "Space man still at large!" etc.
And he disappears, leaving Hilda to glare after him in impotent rage.
The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leave with Klaatu as Helen enters.
The lieutenant shifts in his chair, annoyed that he has to deal with this madman.
A man about forty-five, bloodied and badly beaten, is being supported and half-carried by two policemen.
Why did Mr. Carpenter lie to him?
Tom is knocking softly at Klaatu's door.
with traffic stalled.
Hilda flings him a questioning look, annoyed that he won't share her excitement.
shooting from the door.
The three Aryan Brothers approach the steaming cars with the chopped-up occupants and take the gym bag full of cash.
Both steel doors EXPLODE as if their molecular structure, itself, disintegrated from one BLAST of Tubbs M-40 grenade- launcher firing a canister of ball bearings like a king-size shotgun on steroids as...  react, but Crockett draws down on one with an AK-47.
Tubbs fires the M-40 at a third boat, which explodes flame, followed by...  destroy the smuggler's Strykers, which we saw in Fujima's video.
Men stop them and frisk them.
Yero's furious.
Crockett stops.
The room is overtly destroyed.
stop the caravan.
break up.
Tubbs punches in numbers.
It means get the fuck out of there right now! Gina ends the call, drops to the floor to the wall, kills the lights, holds her Sig .9mm at her side as she moves deeper into the interior...  Close on their two faces.
They want their words buried under noise...  discreetly at the door, watching the street.
Crockett pushes the money towards the Campesinos.
Crockett insists.
Everybody shuts up.
Gina cocks her ear, waiting to hear...
Isabella punches numbers into a satellite phone.
reacts to knock on the door.
He struggles.
Standoff.
Screaming, Son's ruined wrist, Tubbs took the knife, and as the Aryan Brother swings the bat...  ducks the bat.
Tubbs slams the knife twice into the man's slide, doubling him up, leaving the AB Brother to crawl, bleeding, with a 10-inch butcher knife through his kidney into his right lung...   AND Tubbs' gun in his left hand has never moved off-target of the Aryan brother with the detonator in his hand the whole time until right now:  he snaps a ROUND into the wounded Aryan Brother's head.
Dead.
But...  runs from cover into the clear with her handgun firing at the crazy whites, furious at the betrayal by Yero.
It's insane.
Crockett stops.
Incredulous.
She slams him in the face with a closed fist.
Jaeger jumps down from the machine gun pissed as all hell.
They shut up and ride.
Epps punches it, and the Hummer takes off.
Epps yells at Jaeger.
Waiting...  Closer... EPPS FIRES!
You know the story:  Huge explosion, car parts flying a hundred feet into the air, bodies whipping through space, stuff Bob Dole would hate.
To Jaeger, Epps ask: Jaeger fires it up, and pulls out.
Epps, Jaeger and Wes all ride along in an angry silence.
Epps stops.
After a beat Epps screams for him.
Wes gets a slow boil on.
Jaeger's body jerks violently backward as he gets the air punched out of him.
His feet just clear the outer edge of the fireball, but still get licked and burned by flames before he slams to the ground several feet from the explosion.
Epps stops dead in his tracks.
Epps cocks an ear to the air and listens.
Our three press themselves up against the rock walls and suck air.
Epps has had enough of this shit.
Three Iraqis are inside, weapons trained on our targets.
One of them grabs it up and is about to throw it back out of the gunship.
The grenade explodes in the Iraqi's hand killing him instantly.
The lantern punches a hole through the darkness as Epps uses it like a machete to blaze a trial.
Wes yells down.
Epps yells up.
Wes goes on the boil.
Wes, still on the ground, fumes.
Epps gives an expression that screams:  What the hell are you talking about?
Wes yells down at the Iraqi.
Epps grabs it, and throws a punch.
Epps stops, and puts his pack down.
He turns to Jaeger and vents what anger he can.
Immediately he sinks to waist level.
He screams to Jaeger and Wes.
He yells for the shack: Before Epps can even finish getting the word out machine gun fire erupts from the house and burns towards Epps and Jaeger.
At the top of his lungs Jaeger starts yelling: Just as quickly as it began the shooting stops.
With the muzzle of his gun he pulls it open a crack and peers out.
EPPS MARCHES WES OUTSIDE THE TENT, stopping momentarily to grab up his pack with his free hand.
The Shi'ite just stands there for a beat looking at the three men, then suddenly explodes in screams.
It's amazing what you can do when a bunch of angry Shi'ites are chasing you.
The bullets fly fast and furious swarming all around our boys.
Jaeger yells over to Epps.
They swing down on the far end of the highway, engines roaring like angry lions.
The huge shells rip a bloody path, shredding cars and trucks, igniting explosions, straight towards the car with Epps, Jaeger and the driver.
It sets off a series of violent explosions that knocks Jaeger off his feet.
He looks to Epps like let's get the hell out of here.
The tug is kicking up a foaming wake as it pulls the Chimera along behind it.
A pair of woman's shoes lie on the floor.
A pair of slippers lie on the floor beside a chair, over which is draped a woman's robe.
Greer is lying supine on the floor.
Murphy opens the door, stopping dead in his tracks.
A beat.
He stops, holding there.
A beat.
He begins pulling out the hoses and wires, grabbing at them, yanking them loose, breaking them off.
A boot punches through a rotten wood hull.
A beat.
Epps comes to the 2nd officer's door, knocks.
She lies back, not sleepy.
A beat.
A beat.
She throws down the radio.
He raises a fist to ram into her face when WHAM! Epps has shoved the butt of her flashlight into his crotch and he comes up SCREAMING.
He SCREAMS.
Murphy slams the door shut as Epps looks on.
A WOMAN SCREAMS, and is cut off when a door slams shut.
The DISTANT MUSIC HAS BEEN REPLACED WITH INDISCERNIBLE SHOUTING, as of someone commandeering the microphone somewhere As she walks, she passes an open door where several CREWMEN fight over a steamer trunk, which breaks open, scattering the contents.
The steward looks up, reaches over and slams the door shut.
He is on his knees, hands tied behind his back as he is forced to watch from the foot of the bed.
The CLANG FROM THE VENT SOUNDS HERE and Murphy stops.
The rivets are springing out of the hull like machine gun fire when the steel plate of the hull gives way, A MASSIVE CRAG OF ROCK SMASHING THROUGH Epps ducks for cover as the crag tears a diagonal line through the Chimera's hull like a jagged claw through paper in a The Chimera is impaled broadside by a particularly devious rock promontory of a small island.
He frantically grabs for something to hold on to, without success, until he is finally pulled into the smoke stack and sucked into the bowels of the ship by the rushing water.
A padded wall is papered with NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS that date back to the early 1900s: "LOCAL FOWLER BROTHERS LOSE $35 TICKETS TO BOARD TITANIC" appears over "FOWLER BROTHERS KILLED IN COAL MINE MISHAP."
Another series of articles reads, "JEWISH PROFESSOR DENIED ADMITTANCE TO HINDENBURG" and "PROFESSOR RABINOWITZ KILLED IN AVALANCHE."
The kids ad-lib "Let's go" and "Fucking freak."
Kimberly merging into traffic, NEARLY COLLIDES with a speeding yellow mini- bus carrying a high- school football team.
Kimberly pulls around the mini-bus as rowdy football players tackle each other, yelling: Kimberly flicks on the radio and we hear HIGHWAY TO HELL by AC/DC at earsplitting volume.
Evan, pissed off, flips off Frankie.
He is trapped in his burning car, screaming and trying to release the seatbelt.
Freaking.
The kids ad-lib "Let's go", "Fucking freak."
Freaking.
The opening guitar riff to HIGHWAY TO HELL blares from the speakers.
Officer Thomas Burke stops the car behind them.
Detective Suby looks pissed o ff.
Evan places the TV by the door, looks at his torn shirt, but fuck it, who cares; he's on a natural high.
Evan recoils, throws open the window and throws the grease to the sidewalk five stories below.
In the GARBAGE DISPOSAL.
The window slams SHUT!
He has no choice but to smash the kitchenette window with the fire extinguisher to get to the fire escape.
He runs down the fire escape from floor to floor.
Kimberly sits upright in bed and sees the WINDOW IS SHUT.
Kimberly watches carefully as the Physician comes to a door and punches "4514" into the electronic lock.
The Physician punches in another code.
The door SLAMS.
Thomas expertly skids into a U-turn.
BANG!
CREEEAAAK -SLAM!
Clear shakes her head by the shoulders and barks commands like an angry drill sergeant.
He makes a fist, is about to knock - when the DOOR FLINGS OPEN and a ROTTWEILER LUNGES for his throat - only to have its collar snagged at the last second by its owner - JORGE CRUZ, late 30's, handsome, cocky.
The hatred is mutual.
Isabella hangs up, recoiling at VIOLENT THUMPS against her wall.
Nora looks up, anger surfacing.
Eugene and Nora get inside, standing in front of a gaunt looking man holding a cardboard box full of MUZAK plays AC/DC's HIGHWAY TO HELL.
He SCREAMS, CLAWS AND POUNDS, desperate to escape the elevator.
A SPORTS CAR speeds past on the left, then as it pulls in front of the Exped ition, its slipstream sucks over some debris from the shoulder; a thin metal piece of trim, which bounces in front of Kat's Expedition's left front tire.
Isabella, pissed, is in a holding tank.
As she fumes, a rivulet of WATER streaks down her leg.
It sends rubber flying and the entire SUV pulls hard to the left, spinning her out of control into the oncoming lane of traffic - toward the White Van! Isabella SCREAMS! Steve jerks the wheel to the left!
Isabella SCREAMS, in pain, not fear.
Just as the Expedition comes to a stop, an IRRIGATION PIPE ROCKETS through the rear window -- miraculously missing Clear and Rory -- coming to a rest just behind Kat's head.
Shit.
Kimberly unbuckles her seatbelt and floors it.
There is SCREAMING all around.
The Orderly smacks his forehead - shit.
Horrible.
Quick as shit.
And behind him, the unmarks blaze ... Guns his bitch...  Straight at the roadblock .. Three CRUISERS and a PORTABLE WOODEN BARRICADE...  Memphis pins her ... ZOOOOOM!
And HURLS THE BRICK AT THE WINDOW Which EXPLODES ON IMPACT, a SHOWER OF GLASS raining down ...  As Kip walks into the showroom, glass crunching underfoot.
The alarm raging in here... In moments, the V8's massive 349bhp is bellowing...
And he's sitting on a tilted back chair, and wall-bouncing the ball and annoying the piss out of whom we remember from the drop-car at our opening ... Atley walks with a LIMP now...  Thunk!
Kip floors it.
The CHOPPER does the usual spotlight-trailing...  It's turned into a total pig circus ... A car pulls to a stop ...
A Richard Widmark motherfucker - with the diamond hard look of a cobra.
Calitri grins ...  Nods to Digger an Butz, who go back to work... Memphis' look is cold and furious ...  Plaintive: Atley hits the wall-switch and the steel door slides shut.
He looks slightly ridiculous...  Throughout the scene, Memphis should be studying Kip, as if he's seeing him for the very first time ...
And Otto goes back to the Camaro ... To finish his work...  Otto looks up frustrated... To Junie And Junie hits PLAY on a cassette deck ...  And, instantly, ENGINE SOUNDS rip from the shop's stereo speakers ... Otto listens, as if it were a Mahler symphony...  Memphis smiles ...
These eccentricities are old hat...  Otto has finished the Camaro ...
Sawdust on the floor.
But a BANG!
Memphis picks up the broken bag ...  Sticks it in the trunk ... Puts the golf clubs in on top of it ...  Slams the trunk.
Only there's still a neat MOUNTAIN OF SMACK ON THE FLOOR by the rear of the Caddy ...  But there's no time...
Castlebeck looks at Otto...  Otto grins... Castlebeck walks around the garage...  Taking it all in... Castlebeck notes the Caddy ...  ANGLE - the mound of heroin on the floor ... Castlebeck takes out a WALKIE ...  Barks into it ...
And he walks out of the house, door slamming behind him.
A MAID comes in with a tray of tea service ...  The maid crosses the Judge's line of sight... Watch as he curses her out, his face going beet red with fury...  Sway looks at Memphis ...
She shuts off the taps ... Towels her hands...
An expansive warehouse surrounded by chain-link fence ... Enormous SHIPPING CONTAINERS are here, in which the stolen cars will be stored.
But he's stopped the car...
And they pull in to Where Mirror Man is still struggling with the lock, his drills and punches, scattered about ... only The Sphinx shoves him aside ...  Pulls the GUN from his holster and BLANG! blasts open the lock... Mirror Man stares at the opened door ...
With urgency... Phones ringing like mad...  Drycoff walks into Castlebeck's office...
And the car has rocketed off... Memphis punches the gas,'sending Sway to the floor...  PRE-LAP Alice Cooper's "Under My Wheels" and SLAM CUT TO: CLOSE UP OF THE "SNAKE" LICENSE PLATE as its ass-end fishtails like a bastard...
And he SLAMS OPEN THE DOOR...  catching the kid in the balls ...
He hangs up.
And Kip punches the gas ...
The security guards run for her...  Kip, forehead bloodied, switches places with Toby, getting behind the wheel ... Punches the gas ...  Getting them out of there ... Kip drives like a wild man ...  Toby is bleeding something fierce... Shot in the chest...  Kip looks at Tumbler ... They both look at Toby...
As the 'Vette comes screaming into the warehouse ... Kip exploding out of it ...  Getting into the back.
Kip begins to sob.
Holy shit!
And try to get out of each other's way... Fenders crunch ...  Cops curse.
A mad mouse in a maze ... INT.
And punches the gas ...  Going right at Castlebeck and the others ... Smashing through the squad cars ...
He opens her up... Full throttle ...  The chopper above him ... The gang is watching on the TV...  Freaking out ... ANGLE - KIP.
But he' s driving too close to the shoulder, and he SMASHES INTO A LIGHT POLE -- !
Memphis' foot SLAMS ON Eleanor's pedal ...  SMASHING THROUGH THE ROADBLOCK... Cars and cops flying ...
And the Dispatch guy is getting pissed.
On Route 33.
He shuts off the radio ...
He punches the gas... Ripping down to the accident site...  Heading straight for it ...
He senses something and turns to has driven up in the smashed-to-shit Eleanor ...
And she is smashed-to-shit.
And the van doors slam, as Digger and Butz, Calitri's grave-diggers, get out ...  Atley goes to the unconscious Calitri ...
A vast expanse of trash and garbage and layers of earth.
A POUNDING.
In a mad act he breaks cover and         * runs down toward the departing boats.
He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them.
Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him.
Hector bends low and starts to waft expertly         * and blow at the fire's remains.
Hermas tetchily stops him.
He is careful not to disturb the sleeping forms lying all around him, some of them sprawled on the floor.
Lucinnius begins to sob, at first quietly, then more loudly and more pathetically.
Lucinnius crumples to the floor and squats on his knees.
He helps Lucinnius lie out on the marble floor.
He throws     the knife down.
Their efforts are useless.
* An OFFICER comes into the room.
He throws down his knife and cheese, lying down with her on the grass.
Before he can protest she has moved off.
Hector    does so.
The raft is in the full rage of the surf.
She refuses his help.
Others       are following them, discharging MUSKETS, shouting      for the DESERTERS to stop.
Is he being fucked with?
Outside, Johns has an ear cocked to the wind.
FURIOUS CLOSEUPS: Zeke fighting for his life.
And SCREAMS.
She hauls him off -- only to have Shazza start punching Riddick.
She strips the goggles off.
Behind his back...  Audrey and Pilgrim #3 (the youngest Chrislam.)
It EXPLODES WITH LIFE.
He slams the door, MUMBLES A BLESSING and waits for the storm to pass.
Riddick accepts it awkwardly, sucks down some pure O2.
The door slams closed.
RIDDICK'S POV: Of dead hatchlings on the floor.
Over-running with piss.
The CLICKING STOPS.
She wants to protest -- but can't.
Riddick stops.
Fucking with him, Riddick starts poking and jabbing, backing him up against the wail of dark.
More spattering.
It's like looking into a bucket of angry eels.
He keeps his mouth shut.
She's exposed.
They flail on.
Daring him to run her over.
A beat.
She gets a knee on his neck.
And just when we think it's over for Riddick -- TERRIBLE SCREAMS are heard from both man and predator: There's a helluva fight going on out there.
Beat.
But touch him, he'll explode.
Wilson out of the car, shuts the passenger door.
Wilson makes a sudden lane change to avoid getting fed in the wrong direction.
Wilson blocks the Supervisor's hand and then punches him, hard.
Beat.
Shutting the door behind her.
That consuming rage overtaken him again for a second.
Driving away in traffic, Ed calmer now.
KNOCK at door.
Beat.
Catches outside gate before it slams shut.
Freezes, his own gun in hand.
Cocks the hammer.
Feather has been listening to this, expressionless.
His idiots in the background.
Who drops him with one punch.
Breaks.
Hangs up.
Wanting to know what the hell is going on.
Hit.
What the hell is this guy doing here?
Stops shooting.
Screams again as his elbow of his gun hand disintegrates.
Mad.
He grabs Valentine, pulls him up, then throws him into the television.
Goes to him, grabs him by the neck with one hand and pulls out his gun with the other.
At those words.
After setting the glass down, his other hand goes to the shoulder where his stab wound was no doubt only temporarily dealt with.
He shuts the car door and walks toward the building.
He carries a briefcase, his hat is a little on the back of his head.
Neff looks up, takes his hat off.
Neff comes into the room and throws his briefcase on the plush davenport and tosses his hat on top of it.
Neff takes his hat and briefcase.
Neff, wearing his hat and carrying his briefcase, enters from the vestibule.
He hands her his hat and briefcase and continues right on, CAMERA WITH HIM, to a door lettered: Keyes' voice is heard inside, plenty loud.
He takes his hat off.
He picks up his hat.
Neff bangs the front door shut, walks quickly to his car and drives away.
On the way he picks up his hat.
Neff is a little annoyed.
She snaps the bag shut.
He hangs up.
He punches his stomach with his fist.
She closes and locks the car door.
Phyllis moves out of the shot carrying the hat and rug.
He gets a stronger hold on the dead Dietrichson and drags him free of the car and towards the tracks.
She carries both crutches, the hat and the rug towards Neff.
He takes the crutches and the hat from her.
He takes the hat from Phyllis and tosses it carelessly along the track.
He turns, hiding the handkerchief behind his back.
Neff comes through the reception room doors with his hat on and his briefcase under his arm.
Keyes puts his hat on and crosses towards the door, Neff after him.
He hangs up, takes off his hat and drops hat and briefcase on the davenport.
He gathers up the morning paper which is lying untidily on the floor and puts it in the waste-paper basket.
His hands are clasped behind his back.
Keyes stops in the middle of the room and turns.
Neff, with his hat on and no briefcase, is walking toward Keyes' office.
He is wearing his Stetson hat and smoking a cigar.
She has her hat on and is preparing to leave.
The car stops.
A car door is slammed.
Her expression is tortured.
Out of the shot the gun explodes once, twice.
The witnesses put their hats on as they pass through.
His hat is on his head now, his overcoat is pulled around him loosely.
The boys stop the chase and watch in disbelief.
Boy #1 throws his bike down in frustration.
Forrest knocks on Jenny's door.
The quarterback throws the ball into the air.
He opens the door and begins to punch the boy inside.
The crowd yells for Forrest.
Forrest stops in the end zone as he hears the crowd yells.
He lies down on the dirt road and crawls.
Forrest crawls over a berm as bullets fly overhead and explode all around him.
A rocket explodes on the machine gunner and the other soldier, killing them.
Lt. Dan grabs Forrest by the shirt, angry.
They fire napalm as the jungle explodes with massive fireballs.
The fireballs explode behind him.
Forrest begins to hit the ball back to the other player.
Forrest immediately grabs the ball and places it down on the table under its paddle.
The three men in the barber shop look up in disbelief.
Slow motion -- Forrest steps forward with rage.
Jenny steps out the door as Forrest picks up his hat.
Lenore stands up, angry.
It is a bunch of garbage and shells.
Forrest lies in a hammock on his boat.
The anchorman is standing in front of the ruined pier and boats.
Forrest takes off his hat and steps over to her.
She throws other things at the house.
A bumper sticker reads "Shit Happens."
Jenny shuts the door.
There is a knock at the door.
Who the fuck are you?
laundering and contraband Bullshit.
Break it up.
He knocks on a door.
She cocks an ear.
A collossal earthworks defacing the flat, hot moonscape.
Shuts the door.
Bullshit Jim.
The only time a Vice President comes to Langley is to cut a fucking ribbon.
This shit with Dick goes back thirty years.
Thunder-robbed.
She shuts the door, leaving Joe alone.
Knocks on the door.
BILL interrupts, stealing Joe's limelight.
Fuming.
He shuts the door.
Cars on fire.
A vision of utter hell.
There is a KNOCK AT THE DOOR.
THUNDER.
He's thrown when she doesn't reply.
She sobs.
Shuts the door.
She holds her head in her hands and starts to sob.
Shakes her head in frustration.
Joe turns round, furious, as if he's going to punch the reporter.
Immediately she gets up and walks out.
Tense.
trouble.
CLOSE SHOT -- DOOR as it opens and REGGIE steps into the She stops, her expression changing.
REGGIE screams.
But she pulls a package of nuts out of her bag.
A UNIFORMED POLICEMAN sticks his head in the door.
Then he takes the flower from his lapel and throws it into the open box.
PUNCH and JUDY are batting each other on the head.
Finally, JUDY knocks Punch out of sight and a PUPPET wearing a three-cornered hat appears.
Wearing a hat, he stands off in the background, watching.
SCOBIE turns and storms out of the door, slamming it.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
He hangs up.
He winces.
DYLE stops at the door.
Following through, DYLE punches the large man full in the jaw, but instead of falling, SCOBIE wraps his arm around DYLE, holding on tightly until his head clears.
DYLE goes to the door, throws back the bolt and opens the door.
A KNOCK at the door.
He wheels as the door is slammed and REGGIE, who had been standing behind it, locks it and pockets the key.
She turns and leaves, slamming the door after her.
damn annoyed.
His body is sitting on the floor of the cage, its grotesque sprawling attitude resembling a puppet's with its strings cut.
SYLVIE jumps up and rushes next door into her booth, shutting the door after her.
Another KNOCK.
Barely stopping, she holds out her ticket to the GUARD to be punched, then heads down the platform, still running.
As the TRAIN pulls in and comes to a stop.
He stands on the platform as the train doors slam shut, the latches click, the whistle blows and the train pulls out.
ADAM ducks behind the column as the bullet hits it and screams off.
As CARSON enters and slams the door behind him, locking it.
ADAM arriving at the door, bangs on it, then looks around, frustrated.
We hear WOMEN'S SCREAMS.
They turn towards the noise and see a bunch of STEWARDESSES scattering from a trendy young cad with a fake hand sticking out of his fly.
It's a dead end.
A passing electric baggage cart nails Stuey at full speed and carries him off down the corridor, screaming bloody murder.
She sneers at him.
The plane explodes in a fireball.
"Ricky Coogan Sucks Shit" (this one held by a nice LITTLE GIRL.), "I Like Ike" (held by a confused OLD MAN, shuffling around aimlessly.), "Drink Pepsi" and finally...  "Free Nelson Mandela"--we WIDEN to reveal the subheading: "Inside specially marked boxes."
She SMACKS him.
Toad drags them towards the door.
BANG!
He's incredulous.
He storms off.
Darkness.
The music turns to Psycho-like string stabs as Elijah uses the hammer to smash in a nail.
Rick is left alone, staring pensively at the hammer.
Rick is still staring at the damn hammer.
Standing up, he throws the hammer carelessly aside into the muck, and walks towards the cubicles.
Beat.
SMASH!
THE "TIME MAGAZINE" DOOR--SMASH!
THE "U.S.A. TODAY" DOOR--SMASH!
SMASH!
The sign says "DUNK ME IN ACID!" He's talking to an OLD LADY, who throws a baseball, hits the target, and dunks the clown into the foaming bath of carbolic acid.
We can hear the crowd screaming for him in the background.
They yell "Bravo" and throw bouquets.
His whole monster side awakens and takes charge of his body with violent intensity.
The milkman stops in his tracks.
On the other end of the line, we hear LAUGHING MAN's insane chuckle.
He looks a little pissed- off as he turns to face Rick again.
Why, it's the freaks!
We hear his CACKLE, as well as STUEY GLUCK'S TORTURED SCREAMS and a horrible POWER TOOL NOISE.
The other freaks follow suit, including the Worm, down in the tunnel, who struggles to hold the bottle in his tiny feeler.
Sockhead charges at them like a mad dog.
Using a pen held in his mouth, he flicks a series of switches and punches a fast series of computer keys.
It smashes through the window, setting off a loud SIREN.
Stuey is still wailing, and everybody else is getting pretty damn annoyed.
He removes the spring from a pocket pen and picks the lock.
Inexplicably, (actually it's just because he's so stupid.)
He turns to the other freaks, who've woken up and are gathered around on the floor.
Beat.
Stuey's waving cup is blocking the view of a big, annoyed BIKER sitting behind him.
Rick and the freaks in the cage cheer stuey Monster on.
Ernie smacks her.
The crowd is taking sides, screaming out advice, and foaming at their mouths.
Rick leaves him on the floor and stalks the freak cage murderously.
He does his best Ed Sullivan He swivels the nozzle turret towards the cage full of freaks and is about to glop them when Rick stands up above Stuey, blocking Elijah's trajectory at the freak cage.
He rushes at Rick and delivers a flurry of punches to his mid section.
He's carrying a garbage bag dripping blood.
They're about to stab Rick and Julie when...  BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!
Stuey has to prop him up while members of the audience are invited down to punch him in the chops.
Ernie stands off to the side, charging everyone five bucks per blow.
O'Neill immediately wants her, and now.
He immediately jumps into the shots.
He grabs her.
Debbie and Rick and her MOM and DAD are having a frustrating game of tennis behind her parents' plush home.
Mr. Thomerson slams the ball to Rick; Rick slams the ball back and drives it over the fence, out of the court.
Mr. Thomerson serves the ball to Debbie, who hits it over the net to her mother, who hits it to Rick, who slams it over the fence, out of the court.
Rick smashes the ball and sends it over the fence, out of the court.
Cole turns red with anger.
Larry stops walking and immediately breaks down.
He has a constant expression on his face that suggests he's constantly sucking lemons.
The door starts to close and the guys start yelling.
They take sides, yelling out, "Take the car," "Keep Debbie."
They scream in shock.
Milt casually takes off his hat and immediately sticks his face through a nearby window, smashing it to pieces.
The elevator doors slam shut.
He doesn't know what the hell is happening.
Mrs. Thomerson is still freaked out over her meeting with Nick the Dick.
The all-girl band is going ape shit.
The door opens and in walks Rajah, the Indian pimp.
He looks pissed.
They look back at him uncomfortably as the doors slam shut.
Milt stops at a door and kicks it with his foot.
He slams the door shut and exits.
One of the Japanese races over and gets there first, slamming and bolting the door shut.
She screams, horrified.
The doors slam shut.
The other guys are screaming at the top of their lungs.
Rick immediately jumps to his feet.
The Japanese immediately put two and two together and get orgy.
Debbie slams the door shut behind him.
The elevator door opens, revealing the donkey lying flat on his back.
As Rick protests, she throws on her blouse and runs out of the room.
The cops grab Mr. Thomerson as he tries to get out, and they throw him in line with the others.
Rick hits Cole with a punch that sends him backwards into several movie patrons.
Cole throws a punch.
The punch hits a MAN in the front row in the mouth.
A Man who has taken a punch and has had his jacket ripped to shreds doesn't seem pleased.
HOMELESS sleep amid steaming VENTS and GARBAGE STREWN GUTTERS.
WORKMEN are up ladders, taking the HOARDINGS down SIGN and putting a large sign up: THEATRE CLOSED TILL FURTHER NOTICE ...  ANGLE ON: ANN ... rattling the HEAVY STEEL CHAINS that are     LOCKED around the DOORS to the VAUDEVILLE THEATRE ...  A WORKMAN up a LADDER smirks down at her.
A MOTLEY collection of VAUDEVILLE PERFORMERS cluster on the SIDEWALK ...  near them an incongruous assortment of PROPS and COSTUMES litter the STREET ... ANN tries to gather up PROPS - MANNY's BROOM, her TOP-HAT, HARRY'S parasol ...  ANN turns ... Manny is standing quietly to one side.
ANGLE ON: DENHAM quietly places the GLASS against the SCREENING ROOM DOOR, and presses his ear against it.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM listening ...  ANGLE ON: The YOUNG ASSISTANT opens the DOOR, steps into the LOBBY which is ... ANGLE ON: DENHAM and PRESTON hurrying down the CROWDED SIDEWALK - struggling under the weight of 8 FILM CANS! DENHAM is glancing back over his shoulder.
ANGLE ON: DENHAM looks back across the STREET and notices an angry INVESTOR heading towards him.
DENHAM hurriedly WINDS the WINDOW SHUT ...  the SLEAZY INVESTOR yelps with PAIN, as he yanks his JAMMED FINGERS away from the CAB! ANGLE ON: PRESTON sprawled on the SEAT, amid a PILE of FILM CANS, as the CAB speeds away!
DENHAM looks away, muttering to himself ...  ANGLE ON: The CAB screeches to a SUDDEN HALT in MID-TRAFFIC ... DENHAM jumps out, leaving PRESTON in protest ...  DENHAM turns and looks at PRESTON briefly.
The ANGRY VENDOR pulls her     hand out of her pocket, which is still clutching the stolen apple.
DENHAM crosses to a cabinet and breaks into a CRATE OF JOHNNY JACK throws a FEW SCRIPT PAGES across the TABLE.
ANGLE ON: The PROPELLER CHURNS through the WATER ...  ENGLEHORN watches the VENTURE pull away from the dock ... Satisfied, he enters the WHEELHOUSE ...  ANGLE ON: JACK emerges from the labyrinthine SHIP INTERIOR and rushes to the RAIL of the SHIP ... he freezes in HORROR!
ANGLE ON: The SHIP is PULLING AWAY from the DOCK ...  6 feet ... 7 feet ...  JACK contemplates JUMPING for a MOMENT: POLICE CARS race along the docks towards the VENTURE, SIRENS wailing.
WIDE ON: ZELMAN throws his hat to the ground in anger as THE VENTURE pulls away from the docks.
PRESTON is interrupted by a knock on the CABIN DOOR...  ANGLE ON: The DOOR opens and DENHAM enters.
DENHAM turns and looks at ANN. ANGLE ON: CHOY is showing JACK to his sleeping QUARTERS, carrying JACK stares in DISBELIEF at the DINGY HOLD strewn with STRAW BALES and EMPTY ANIMAL CAGES.
CHOY looks up in SHOCK as the BOTTLE ROLLS towards ENGLEHORN who coolly TRAPS it with his FOOT.
CLOSE ON: An expensive FOUNTAIN PEN drops from JIMMY'S HAND and clatters to the floor.
ANGLE ON: MIKE packing away his HEADPHONES and SOUND RECORDING ANGLE ON: ANN in the CHIFFON DRESS, hesitating in the doorway of the MESS.
BRUCE looks annoyed ...  then takes another look.
She quickly snaps the COMPACT shut and turns away.
ANGLE ON: HAYES enters the MESS ...  HAYES saunters over to PRESTON ANGLE ON: LUMPY is standing quietly honing a knife with a whet- stone ... it makes a L ANGLE ON: JIMMY enters the MESS from behind him...  PRESTON glances warily at DENHAM.
DENHAM and PRESTON stop and turn back ...  The ENGINEERS shovel more COAL into the FURNACE ... The relentless rhythm of the SHIPS PISTON'S PUMPING UP and DOWN continues ...  PRESTON LYING AWAKE FREAKING OUT intercut with close ups of THE WIDE ON: THE STERN of the VENTURE cuts through the swell then AERIAL up over the top of the boat.
WIDE ON: The VENTURE steams through the FOG BANK ...  ANGLE ON: A CREWMAN throws a LEAD-LINE over the side.
RUINS jutting out of the WATER.
the SAILORS row ashore ...  ANGLE ON: JACK as he STARES up at the RUINS ... CLOSE ON: ANN, as if COMPELLED, turns and looks over the side of the BOAT, into the SEA ...  her breathe catches!
THUNDER RUMBLES overhead as DENHAM, JACK, ANN, HERB, BRUCE, PRESTON, MIKE and 2 SAILORS clamber out of the RUINED TUNNEL DENHAM stays low, and hurries to a VANTAGE POINT.
The OTHERS CRANE UP: to reveal a PLATEAU below them, covered with the RUINS of an ANCIENT BURIAL GROUND ...  stone MAUSOLEUMS and TOMBS, smashed open and destroyed.
A RUMBLING, BESTIAL ROAR fills the VILLAGE as if in answer to ANN'S CRY ...  LOUD and CLOSE ... for a brief moment everyone freezes ...  anyone can react, they are roughly SHOVED and PULLED into the MIDST of the FURIOUS NATIVE MOB.
She struggles against her captors ... ANGLE ON: A OLD-WOMAN moves through the midst of the VILLAGERS ...  her gaze fixed on ANN, muttering curses, eyes burning with a dark fury ... DENHAM is YELLING at the NATIVES ...  he is SHOVED to the GROUND.
One of the SAILORS is DRAGGED forward, his HEAD pushed against a FLAT STONE SLAB, and CLUBBED TO DEATH.
DENHAM punches a NATIVE ... they haul him forward and thrust his HEAD onto the BLOOD SPLATTERED STONE ...  NATIVE CLUBS rise into the air ... The NATIVES hesitate, as if STUNNED ...  then SCATTER.
ANGLES ON: As WAVES crash against the STRANDED SHIP, LUMPY, JIMMY, CHOY and the other SAILORS throw TABLES, CHESTS ...  KITCHEN EQUIPMENT into the SEA.
He CROUCHES in the shadows ... CLOSE ON: JACK sprawled on a BENCH SEAT in the MESS ...  a LOUD METALLIC CREAK wakes him up.
She looks down and notices her HANDS are FRIGHT, to see cabin's DOOR HANDLE - which is turning ...  ANGLE ON: ANN'S FACE as her CABIN DOOR opens ... ANGLE ON: JACK desperately pushes past CREW in the CROWDED, panicked CORRIDOR, trying to get to ANN'S CABIN ...  WIDE ON: The VENTURE at the MERCY of the RAGING SEAS as it moves even closer to the REEF.
CLOSE ON: HAYES yelling commands: ENGLEHORN LIFTS UP THE WINDOW SEAT ...  revealing a ROW of TOMMY GUNS hidden there.
ANGLE ON: the TINY BOATS are tossed in the RAGING SEAS.
WIDE ON: On the OTHER SIDE, the WALL falls away vertically into a ROCKY GROTTO, leading into the DENSE TANGLED JUNGLE of SKULL SUDDENLY ANN feels herself DRAGGED FORWARD ...  the POSTS she is tied to are MOVING, pulling her TOWARDS the EDGE of the WALL!
TREES are violently SWAYING ... above the crescendo of the NATIVE FRENZY, ANGRY BESTIAL ROARS can be heard.
STEAM RISES from festering SWAMPS ...  HAYES is LEADING DENHAM, JACK, PRESTON, LUMPY, CHOY, BRUCE and EIGHT SAILORS.
She tries to brace herself against KONG'S FINGERS, but the rigors of the journey knock her sideways like a RAG DOLL.
ANGLE ON: JACK picks up ANN'S NECKLACE ...  a LOCK of BLONDE    HAIR still tangled within it's STRANDS ... WIDE ON: DAWN LIGHT brightens the SKY as the GROUP survey the ANGLE ON: DENHAM casts an eye over the DEBRIS STREWN GROUND ...  his gaze rising to a HUGE GASH in the FOREST ... DENHAM POV: TREES have been RIPPED from the earth where KONG    has SMASHED a path through the JUNGLE ...  ANGLE ON: HAYES notices a SAILOR with a WOOLLEN HAT pulled   down over his head ... the SAILOR has turned away from the GRISLY REMAINS.
HAYES bats the hat off the SAILOR'S HEAD ...  it's JIMMY.
ANGLE ON: The GROUP'S NERVES are FRAYED ...  as they continue slogging through the difficult TERRAIN.
ANGLE ON: LUMPY shooting WILDLY at a HUGE BUG ...  LUMPY GLARES at HAYES ... and SHOOTS one last time at a HUGE BUG ANGLE ON: SLIDING FEET ...  down a VINE strewn slope.
ANGLE ON: JACK cautiously moves uphill towards the source of the running flat out towards JACK!
The STAMPEDING DINOSAURS storm towards DENHAM down the NARROW CLOSE ON: DENHAM is frozen to the spot, staring at the CAMERA, which is lying directly in the rampaging DINOSAUR'S PATH.
staggers out of the DINOSAUR PILE-UP ...  he turns back at the SOUND OF LOUD HISSING - a CARNOTAURUS is climbing over a DEAD BRONTOSAUR, it's gleaming eyes intent on JACK.
The CARNOTAURUS is riddled with BULLETS and falls DEAD at JACK'S FEET! HAYES hurries towards JACK, clutching his TOMMY GUN! HAYES sends the rest of the MEN up a steep ROCKY SLOPE ... they SLIP and SLIDE on the SLIMY MOSS-COVERED ROCKS.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM reacting in SHOCK as HERB is KILLED by the frenzying CARNOTAURS.
KONG has dropped ANN in a small RUINED COURTYARD, it's WALLS are cracked and split by encroaching JUNGLE CREEPERS.
CLOSE ON: ANN, flat on the ground, eyes shut, lying still.
getting up and is STARTLED when she HITS his FINGER AWAY! KONG cocks his HEAD ...  he THUMPS his FISTS on the GROUND.
Another FIST SLAMS into the GROUND!
ANGLE ON: KONG HURLS HAYES at the SAILORS ...  he flies over their heads like RAG-DOLL and smashes against the FAR WALL of the RAVINE with a sickening CRUNCH.
KONG runs towards the LOG ...  KONG'S FIST smashes at the LOG, knocking the men off balance.
She runs up the bank towards the noise.
She ducks behind a ...  there is another CARNIVORE BEHIND HER!
ANN hangs on desperately ...  ANN is HELPLESS ... The TYRANNOSAUR positions it's HEAD for the FINAL LUNGE - gaping JAWS OPEN impossibly WIDE ...  KONG meets the TYRANNOSAUR HEAD-ON at FULL SPEED!
KONG punches and smashes with his fists, but he also uses wrestling-style headlocks and flips ...  for a brief moment, ANN rolls free on the ground and has to dodge 25-foot DINOSAURS and the GORILLA, as the frenzied fight THUNDERS all around her.
KONG outs the SECOND TYRANNOSAUR in a HEADLOCK, FLIPPING it over his shoulder, and throwing it down into the CHASM.
AND more SMASHING AGAINST THE CHASM WALLS ...  SHE FALLS AND WIDE ON: ANN faces the TYRANNOSAUR!
KONG GRABS HIS JAWS in BOTH HANDS forcing it OPEN and BITING the TYRANNOSAUR'S TONGUE.
floor of the RAVINE.
The wreckage of the CAMERA lies smashed and broken on the CHASM floor ...  a thin, shiny, thread of black FILM trailing from the smashed CAMERA body like spilt innards.
It crawls blindly towards LUMPY and CHOY!
ANGLE ON: DENHAM is WIELDING a short stick like a CLUB ...  he smashes the HUGE BUGS in a psychotic explosion of RAGE, pulverizing their bodies into the DIRT!
All around, MONSTROSITIES OF NATURE emerge from DANK BURROWS and crawl towards the JACK, DENHAM and JIMMY ... these are HUGE INSECTILE MUTANTS - combinations of SPIDERS, CRABS, MANTISES and SUDDENLY JIMMY notices the TOMMY GUN sticking out of JACK'S PACK.
ANGLE ON: JACK desperately swings at the INSECTS with a STICK, whacking and stabbing them.
ANGLE ON: ENGLEHORN and a COUPLE of SAILORS OPEN FIRE from the LIP of the CHASM, SHOOTING the SPIDERS into SMITHEREENS!
CLOSE ON: KONG ...  ROARING with ANGER ... he abandons JACK and CHARGES at the BAT-THINGS!
ANGLE ON: SEVERAL BAT-THINGS are gripping and CLAWING KONG'S BACK in an effort to weaken the huge ape ...  he suddenly POUNDS HIS BACK against the WALL of the CAVE, SQUASHING THEM ALL!
The surviving BAT-THINGS wheel away from KONG, HISSING ANGRILY ... 16 lie on the cave floor, STUNNED or DEAD.
ANN hangs onto JACK for dear life, as he GRABS the BAT-THINGS ANGLE ON: JACK and ANN DESCENDING RAPIDLY ...  the BAT-THING furiously FLAPPING it's WINGS, but unable to stop the SPIRALLING plunge past the CLIFF FACE.
He ANN SCREAMS as she and JACK fall into the RIVER ...  they are immediately picked up by the current and SWEPT AWAY.
CLOSE ON: DENHAM & ENGLEHORN as they hear KONG'S ANGER.
TREES CRASH to the GROUND as KONG SMASHES his way through the JUNGLE towards the CLEARING ...  ANN looks at the deserted wall.
A SAILOR with a MACHETE hovers near the ROPE, ready to cut it on DENHAM'S COMMAND.
DENHAM suddenly rises and walks past them towards the GATE, fixated on the ROARING BEAST, smashing at the TIMBERS.
PRESTON lies to one side, a RAG held against his BLEEDING FACE.
He reaches towards her ...  ANGLES ON: SAILORS THROW GRAPPLING HOOKS at KONG, HAULING on   the BRUCE rushes forward, pulling PRESTON to his feet, hustling    him towards the TUNNEL EXIT.
ENGLEHORN yells at SAILORS poised on the TOP of the WALL.
SAILORS throw BOULDERS down from the TOP of the WALL,   pummelling ANN breaks away from JACK, rushes at ENGLEHORN, grabbing his   arm just as he prepares to throw another CHLOROFORM BOTTLE.
JACK takes ANN'S ARM ...  DENHAM yells at him, as KONG'S RAGE intensifies.
CLOSE ON: KONG WATCHING ANN being DRAGGED AWAY ...  he EXPLODES with ANGER, suddenly RISING to his FEET, ripping the NET to PIECES!
ANGLE ON: JACK running with ANN towards a waiting BOAT ...  ANN fights as JACK tries to LIFT her on BOARD ... both turn!
CLOSE ON: DENHAM finds a CRATE of CHLOROFORM BOTTLES on the FLOOR of the BOAT.
ANGLE ON: JIMMY manages to fire a BURST at KONG ...  KONG CHARGES in FURY and THUMPS his FIST down on the BOW of the BOAT.
ANGLE ON: KONG flings the BOAT against the COVE WALL, smashing it - sending JACK, JIMMY and SAILORS into the SEA! ANN looks on in horror as JACK SURFACES, holding onto JIMMY,    who is COUGHING SEA WATER.
The FAKE ANN tethered to the ALTAR screams again for help!
BOOM! JACK turns in time to see ...  The VAST THEATRE WALL explodes onto the street, showering PEOPLE and CARS with BRICKS and STEEL ... KONG bursts into the MIDDLE OF ANGLE ON: JACK stares up in horror as KONG heads straight for him ...  JACK is going to DIE!
The WHEELS are SPINNING WILDLY ...  in a CLOUD OF BURNING RUBBER, the CAB speeds down the ROAD, weaving in and out of the path cut by KONG'S DESTRUCTION.
He gets SLOWED in THICK TRAFFIC ...  KONG BURSTS his way out of the ALLEY ENTRANCE ... RIGHT IN FRONT JACK SWERVES on to the SIDEWALK ...  JACK steers the CAB wildly along the SIDEWALK scattering PEDESTRIANS in all directions!
ANGLE ON: The CAB, covered by the RUINED STALL, SLAMS into the WALL of a BUILDING.
hidden beneath the RUBBLE ...  KONG searches for the CAB, ROARING in FRUSTRATION!
KONG bounds out into the streets, swaying to avoid the bullet fire, angrily smashing cars out the way.
ANGLE ON: JACK RACES into a LIFT and hurriedly punches the BUTTON ...  nothing happens ... JACK pushes past the OLD SECURITY GUARD!
GLASS FLIES all around ANN. BULLETS SLAM into the BACK of KONG! KONG circles the building trying to get away from the PLANE but it continues to follow him.
Words acid-etched in the weapon's fine-tempered surface: Main credits end.
The round punches a fist-sized hole through Raquel's chest, continuing on into the vamp behind her! Vampire blood fountains.
Beat.
DENNIS sits huddled in a corner, having pissed his pants.
The engine ROARS to life, belching fumes through the dual exhaust.
Blade glances at Karen, cursing himself for giving into his emotions.
Who would dare such impudence?
Frost stabs an accusing finger at the Overlord.
Mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious serum runs its violent course.
Karen stifles a sob, turning and running right into -- who now blocks the exit, sword in hand.
As Karen climbs out, Blade swings the door shut behind her.
The front door explodes open as Blade comes flying through it!
The pistol falls from his grasp -- Blade fires his fist into Gideon's gut again and again, then flings the officer across the room, sending him SMASHING into a glass-cased cabinet.
Bleeding, battered, Gideon struggles to stand -- Blade is all over him, kicking the shit out of the rogue cop until he sinks to the floor in a half-conscious haze.
Blade FIRES into the door handle of one of the units, tears it open -- the fridge is stacked floor to ceiling with plastic packets of blood.
Pearl SNARLS, his body quivering with poisonous rage.
He pulls an explosive charge from his combat belt and secures it to the door, arming it with a BEEP!
The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, knocking Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet.
She exits, leaving him alone with his demons.
Karen SCREAMS.
Karen is left alone with Frost and Quinn.
Blade struggles to lift his head, forcing himself to match Frost's gaze, shaking with hatred.
Blade crumples to the floor, lying still.
She touches the raw wounds on her neck, shaken -- Blade rises to his full height.
And there's something else in his gaze now too -- an animal fury that was missing before.
As it dissipates, Mercury and the others creep forward, apprehensive -- stands with his back to us, his body trailing wisps of occult fumes.
Blade SCREAMS.
It strikes the stone behind them, SHATTERING and -- Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an unendurable intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an expanding ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD.
At his feet -- lies in pieces.
Suddenly, wish a sharp CRACK!, the knob explodes, and the door bursts open.
Suddenly we hear a metallic CLICK, which registers with unnatural amplification, as - Clarice reacts, drops to the floor, rolling sideways, and - pulls a revolver out from behind her back, still in SLOW MOTION, raising it in her untied hands.
It's ARDELIA MAPP, her roommate.
A beat.
Frustrated, Clarice hesitates, then finally shoulders her bag and goes, leaving the questionnaire in his tray.
Clarice is punching keys on the terminal.
She murmurs to herself.
Catherine straightens, with her bag of groceries, shutting her car's back door.
He looks around, frustrated by the noisy circus atmosphere. is pulling on a pair of surgical gloves.
A beat.
He is agitated.
He is taut, frustrated.
She's furious.
They start towards the car, but he calls out, stopping her.
She cocks an ear, making a low GROWL, then sets off to investigate.
Krendler shuts the door behind her, points sternly at Clarice.
Clarice climbs from her rented car, SLAMMING the door angrily.
a cot and a small table, each bolted to the floor, and a flimsy paper screen, hiding a toilet.
A third cowboy stretches out the lamb's neck, raises a bloody knife.
as Clarice turns, startled, and the fuming Chilton seizes her elbow.
Boyle has to set his tray down on the floor to clear off some of the mess of drawings.
as he crawls, with torturous slowness, towards the command desk, and the phone.
The other cops, behind him, fan out silently to set up angles of fire, checking the various office doors - all locked - as they creep up.
is a brief snapshot from hell.
Blood and gore everywhere.
a cop angrily punches OFF the music.
Two SWAT officers, PETERSON and KUBELL, turn a key, unlocking and opening this floor's elevator doorway.
Then the SIREN is shut OFF, and the flashers.
She starts wearily towards the sheriff...  CRANE ANGLE - sweeping rapidly DOWN into the barnyard towards the arriving highway patrol car, as it stops... RUSHING to the little girl as she steps from the car, holding the lamb.
He stops, straightens.
Catherine yanks the dog up, into his line of fire, screaming at him.
as Mr. Gumb cries out again - a terrible, inarticulate scream of rage and anguish.
The maddening BUZZER sounds again, even more insistently, and he cries out with frustration and fury.
sledgehammer from the floral box, swings it with all his might against the door knob, blowing it through as - Crawford and Burroughs race towards the door, guns up...
A bedroom window disintegrates as a flash grenade is shot through it, EXPLODING on the floor.
MOVING ANGLE - towards the front door, as frustrated HRT cops file out of the empty house, rifles slung across their shoulders.
The noises are LOUDER, coming from there.
Very slowly and quietly he steps out behind her, taking his gun in both hands, aiming...  the Colt Python as - in SLOW MOTION - his thumbs cock the hammer, the SOUND registering as a LOUD METALLIC CLICK, and - spins, still in SLOW MOTION, flame already leaping from her gun muzzle, as we see - almost at point-black range, guns ROARING hugely, one FLASH from Mr. Gumb, and one two three four FLASHES from Clarice, overlapping his, and then, as the ECHOES crash deafeningly - with NORMAL SPEED RESTORED, as the side of her face hits the floor, and she is gasping, stunned by the noise and flames; there is blood on her check, and an ugly powder burn, but she ignores them, twisting to yank her speedloader from her jacket pocket, locking it blindly onto her gun's cylinder, reloading, right in front of her face, then rolling onto her stomach, aiming her gun upward again, blinking her dazzled eyes, straining to locate him in the darkness...
A MASSIVE CONCUSSION as a BUNKER-BUSTING MISSILE BORES into the earth at high-velocity, burrowing deep-- --then a HUGE BLAST - FLAME and DIRT are thrown high in the air, many of the FIGURES blown sky-high.
A-10 WARTHOGS-- stubby attack planes-- SCREAM from the sky, RAKING THE REMAINING FIGURES with CANNON FIRE, BLASTING THEM to bits.
These aircraft no longer bear traditional U.S. insignia-- they're painted in WILD COLORS, graffiti lettering says things like: "BOT BLASTER," "KILL FOR CONNOR," "RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINES," etc...  Resistance fighters.
His comrades FIRE EXPLOSIVE BULLETS-- and BLOW THE ROBOT APART.
THE SOLDIERS rake the room with GUNFIRE-- MACHINERY collapses, SPARKS from EXPLODING CIRCUITRY.
He opens his mouth, makes a few GUTTURAL NOISES...  then SCREAMS.
MARCUS moves along a slight rise, wrapped in torn and filthy RAGS, mud caked on his body.
But with sudden speed, MARCUS GRABS THE BOY'S GUN HAND and wrenches it hard-- it FIRES into the air.
He struggles to control anger, speaks quietly.
KYLE cocks his head at him.
The room's a mess, GRAFFITI here and there, trash scattered about; they're not the first squatters who've been here.
THE GUNS and STAR'S WATCH lie on a dresser.
THE JEEP pulls to a stop, MARCUS gets out from behind the wheel and moves to the TANKER.
PIG snorts and PULLS MARCUS yanks the gun away and tosses it aside, HEAD-BUTTS Pig, who staggers backward, BLOOD SPRAYING from his nose.
BULL CHARGES MARCUS, who dodges him, grabs the man and-- --HURLS HIM HEAD FIRST into the CHARCOAL PIT-- his BODY SIZZLES against the coals, he SCREAMS and WRITHES.
A STEEL LID in the top of the container OPENS hydraulically, the Harvester DEPOSITS the HUMAN CAPTIVES inside, and the LID SLAMS SHUT.
Her eyes flutter shut again.
THE A-10 that shot down the H-K comes around for another pass at the transport, but-- --ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUNS at the far side of the river let out a VOLLEY of BLUE PLASMA-FIRE.
BLAIR quickly grabs a STONE and, staying down, hurls it as far away as she can-- THE STONE strikes a few BRANCHES-- THE T-1s suddenly turn in that direction, GUNS BLAZING-- THE WOODS in the immediate vicinity are torn to pieces by the GUNFIRE, small FIRES erupt from the incendiary bullets-- it's definitely overkill.
DARKNESS.
BARNES, 20-ish, good-looking and cocky, yawns and sneers, annoyed at being awakened.
BLAIR sits at a battered dining table, surrounded by angry outpost RESIDENTS, including JANE and MORRISON.
During the above, other KIDS and ADULTS IN BG AD LIB-- "Kill it," "Goddamn robot," etc.-- increasing mob anger, until-- His impassioned CRY silences the onlookers.
The EXPLOSION rips OPEN the GRATE, destroys the FAN.
MORRISON escorts a pair of powerful UNIFORMED SOLDIERS armed with HIGH-TECH RIFLES with explosive shells-- they react to the EXPLOSION beyond the closed door-- and break into a run, the soldiers readying their weapons.
MARCUS grabs the sharp, still smoking STEEL projecting from the hole and pulls himself upward as-- THE DOOR SLIDES OPEN and the SOLDIERS open FIRE at MARCUS-- BLAIR hits the deck as EXPLOSIVE SHELLS tear HOLES in the --SHRAPNEL hits MARCUS in the back, he's thrown into the ventilation shaft-- MARCUS has a CHUNK OF REBAR lodged in his left SHOULDER, but he doesn't even notice this yet.
He doesn't have much time to deal with this as-- --THE CHOPPER emerges from behind the treeline, the SPOTLIGHT picks him out and AUTOMATIC FIRE erupts-- MARCUS runs a few yards and throws himself to the ground as-- GUNFIRE STRAFES around and ahead of him-- setting off several MINES which send up clouds of dirt.
But the hydrobots are upon him, he SHRIEKS and disappears beneath the bubbling surface, which now boils with BLOOD.
MARCUS heads inland, past the ruins of a CHURCH-- WALLS with the remains of stained glass WINDOWS, STATUES OF SAINTS.
CONNOR is already on his feet, BANGING on the door-- the MP unlatches it to let him out-- Partway down the hallway, CONNOR encounters KATE, who walks with him, takes in his expression.
SCREAMS and SOBS from other prisoners.
He flings it expertly into-- --a nearby TRASH RECEPTACLE.
SERENA takes in his anger, adopts a regretful tone.
Elaborate CIRCUITS are exposed, as SURGICAL MACHINES perform repairs with LASERS, MECHANICAL ARMS replacing damaged parts.
He's CLAMPED onto an elaborate, mobile SURGICAL TABLE, the stump exposed.
The TABLE INVERTS, exposing the back of his head.
MARCUS lets out a CRY of rage, strains at his bonds.
She touches him once more and moves off, leaving him alone here.
Hurrying past the wall of brains, he moves a hand to the base of his skull...  with an ANGRY CRY-- --his FINGERS dig into the plastic skin at the back of his MARCUS grits his teeth, this is incredibly hard to do, but-- --he RIPS THE INTERFACE MODULE from his skull-- CONNECTIONS SPARK, we glimpse STEEL SKULL and the encased BRAIN beneath.
FIRE and SMOKE in the distance, VEHICLES MOVING fast amidst the destruction.
THE PHYSICIST is SLAMMED against a wall.
SKELETAL TERMINATORS storm in, wielding PLASMA RIFLES-- they mean business-- THE PHYSICIST finally looks alarmed, getting in front of MARCUS as he yells-- A TERMINATOR FIRES anyway, BLOWING A HUGE HOLE through the center of the Physicist's chest and throwing him backward to the floor-- the man looks down and shakes his head at the damage to his plastinated body.
THE PRISONERS smash the GLASS DOORS off their hinges, and charge past-- THE CONTROL ROBOTS, which are now coming to life.
A STOLEN BUS heads for the exit, KNOCKING a couple of TERMINATORS aside and SMASHING through the rising GATE, clearing a path for others to follow.
THE TANK keeps SMASHING through the house, as its TURRET SWIVELS upward and BLASTS AWAY.
DOWNSTAIRS - THE TANK tears through an upscale RECREATION ROOM, splintering a POOL TABLE, smashing through PINBALL UPSTAIRS - MARCUS takes the ATV straight out onto the BALCONY, THROUGH THE RAILING and INTO THE AIR.
THE TANK SMASHES THROUGH THE BACK WALL and-- --TAKES A NOSEDIVE into the pool, out of commission.
As they near the boat, MARCUS reacts to the sight of-- --RED EYES FLICKERING in the darkness at the END OF THE DOCK, the BLUE GLOW of a RIFLE CHARGING.
PRISONERS and DOCTORS SCREAM and scramble for cover-- CONNOR steps in front of KATE to shield her, they back away through the WATER BLAST, CONNOR FIRING at SERENA-- SERENA takes numerous HITS from the EXPLOSIVE BULLETS, which take off PIECES of her, but she keeps coming, FIRES again-- --HITTING CONNOR in the lower abdomen.
BLAM! MULTIPLE PLASMA BLASTS from behind RIDDLE SERENA'S TORSO, the BLUE PULSES burning right through her-- her HEAD takes a hit, the STEEL is RUPTURED.
But ON THE FLOOR lies-- --MARCUS' SEVERED ARM, still holding his PLASMA RIFLE.
We hear Marcus' VO, his voice strong and assured: AN ARMY of HUMAN RESISTANCE FIGHTERS marches through the AN H-K goes down IN FLAMES, SMASHES in the MOUNTAINSIDE.
He throws a pile of blue and white chips on the table.
The ball stops.
JACK leans into the open car and takes out his hat and cigarettes.
She pushes him gently with the flat of her palms towards the door.
She takes her scarf, puts it round his neck, pulls him seductively towards the bedroom door.
The BARBER stops for a moment, nonplussed.
She's jealous.
He has a 10 and a 5 exposed for the house.
The MAN is getting angry.
He looks at JACK with hatred, then leaves the table.
MATT turns to JACK, furious.
He swears silently.
He straightens his hat and walks off.
JACK'S face is masked with blood and fury.
He winces.
JACK is dealing to MR TCHAI and three OTHER MEN.
She immediately gets up.
JACK sees MARION is getting really angry.
Without looking back she flings the gate shut, goes off down the street.
MARION slams the door to the flat.
The car turns into a lane.
A racquet smacks a tennis ball.
On court, Jani delivers a winning overhead smash.
JACK is irritated.
JACK is getting angry.
He knocks on a door.
The FACES of the LOSERS, resigned, desperate, angry....
He wears a silly paper hat.
The PUNTERS at Jack's table include MR TCHAI and four expensively dressed CHINESE MEN.
PEOPLE start screaming.
The SUIT punches JACK in the stomach.
One of them handcuffs the SUIT, who is lying on the floor.
JACK lies groaning on the floor.
A WOMAN smashes a plate over a MAN'S head.
Plates are thrown, stamped on, smashed.
Hurt and angry, Denver runs past Sethe, towards the woods.
Sethe pauses - unnerved and irritated by Denver's challenge.
She's mad.
INTERCUT: FLASHES OF MEMORY attack as SETHE TELLS HER - Sethe being raped, beaten, held down by SCHOOLTEACHER'S BOYS in a barn with a loft...  Sethe screams and is smacked across the face.
Denver is sweeping the floor - irritated by Paul's presence and voice.
At one point, A WHITE CARNIVAL BARKER shouts to the children; The phrase stabs Sethe and Paul a bit.
Denver looks at Paul with a hard gaze; From Paul's expression we can tell Denver is lying... and whatever fragile connection they were building, is swiftly destroyed.
Paul's getting more annoyed.
He is mad at Beloved for her damn questions.. Something inside of Sethe stops, a wall erected.
Nan whispers to Sethe: Little Sethe looks up and sees her mother - her face a mask of courage and rage and tears.
Tears of rage and humiliation stream down Paul's face.
The BOY BEATING SETHE never stops with the whip for a second as he rants; They beat her mercilessly.
She bursts out of the water, gasping for air...Slowly, her rage subsides, replaced with a calm, ruthless understanding Beloved is walking back toward the house.
Beat.
Paul is about to get mad when he looks to Sethe again, reels it back in and answers curtly, but politely; Hearing his own words echoed back to him, annoys him.
He turns and grabs her, kissing her with a passion bordering on hatred.
Paul stands above the sleeping Sethe - his guilt driving him mad.
Beloved sits like an angry, upset five year old with her fingers in her mouth.
Although steeped in pig shit on a wintry day - his hands numb from the cold - Paul D. is in high spirits.
And with it, an insane rage.
When Sethe speaks in a soft, forgiving tone, he stops to listen; Paul turns to look at her and realizes she saw right through him...  Unable to bear it, Paul turns and leaves... Sethe stands still, fighting tears, and whispers...  Sethe is scrubbing the floor, with Denver trailing by with dry rags.
Stamp takes off his hat and follows Ella, who is doing laundry in the kitchen.
He drinks from the bottle like an angry, broken man.
Followed by a LOUD FRUSTRATED YELL.
Is held by one of the men, pointed at the floor.
Charlie takes the bags, tosses them in then shuts the back.
They shut and bolt the doors.
Tom starts to pull his gun. is fired up on adrenalin.
What the hell is he going to do? Jim's men look at him.
He raises his pistol, grabs the door handle and pulls.
Tom hears an angry yell.
A glass window is smashed and water floods into the boat showroom.
The engines are shut down.
Flashlight beams stab into the room.
Ray pulls a gun, starts shooting.
That stops the room.
Wayne goes to Tom's cell door and pulls it shut with a click.
He yells as the wire cuts into him.
Touch the top of the desk, start pulling it toward him, and he just gets a firm grip on the desk when...  Smashes into a window, bending in the bars on the window, shattering the glass, letting a torrent of water into the room.
Kenny shuts off the engine of the one remaining jet-ski.
Jim shuts down the boat engine.
At the end of the street explodes as water hits it.
Explodes.
Jim cocks the hammer on his pistol.
The Sheriff stops shooting, yells at the others.
Stops his boat.
He turns to see...  Shooting back at Wayne with Ray's gun.
Curses and pulls back, too.
Tom guns it and the boat tears off.
Tom shuts the door.
Tom grabs a rifle, frustrated and angry.
The bottles hit, explode.
Smashes through a window.
He throws them over the banister.
Jumps back, startled, looking down at...  Holes explode in the floor, sending up small geysers of water.
Looks at Jim, disappointed, angry, then hurries to Hank's boat.
A large V is being cut in the top of the dam by the raging water.
Wrong.
It explodes.
Starts to scream.
The side has been smashed out of the boat and the boat is flooding with water.
smashing into the mud, as a football OFFENSIVE LINE comes set, frosted breath steaming across to: The DEFENSIVE LINE digging in, ready to explode.
Pissed off, Bud sprints out to the white line.
He lies down on the line, his head touching Joe's feet.
The room hushes immediately.
anger, retribution.
Joe's angry with himself.
Winters, mad as hell, is berating his assistant coaches who are sitting, cowed in his office.
Winters is angry.
Immediately, the players begin to drift back to their old tables.
Wrong.
Joe goes after her, pissed.
Camille's taken aback, not realizing she'd struck a nerve.
She would have had to tutor him anyway, but now she's having trouble being angry about it.
Joe immediately accelerates, throwing Camille's head back.
Joe and Camille are locked up in a furious game of raquetball.
The chairs are arranged in several circles, ten players to a circle, like a bunch of formalized huddles.
We move in on the burning ferocity of Alvin's eyes and The Players are bunched together in the tunnel, slapping pads, yelling encouragement.
The quarterback pitches to the tailback as Alvin charges into the hole, screaming at the top of his lungs.
He takes a handoff, runs a trap up the middle, is hit by THREE TACKLERS, clawing at the ball.
Darnell, looking a little lost, fills his cup from a punch bowl.
Darnell, pissed, gives Ray a shove.
Camille, upset, turns and wheels off.
Hits the floor.
She falls to her knees screaming.
As Tim Waymen gets under center, Alvin begins to yell at him.
Joe sinks to his knees in frustration.
Angered, that steroid pump in his eyes, he grabs her again, throws her violently on the bed.
She screams.
Freaked, she begins to scream and kick.
Both are down in the dumps.
Joe takes a blow, knocks the boyfriend back into a table, knocking beer bottles to the floor.
Joe walks on out, Winters watches him go, then slams the desk in anger.
Suddenly, he smashes his fist into the screen, breaking it into pieces.
A NURSE knocks on his door.
Crushed and angry, Camille hangs up.
Shivering.
Lattimer lies on a table, a CATHETER TUBE going into his side.
team explodes in yells and races out into the tunnel.
Fumble!
Darnell tackles Ray, they roll on the floor, still swinging, trying to beat the shit out of each other.
He swipes the cups off the table creating a small flood on the floor.
Ray is upset, angry.
He pulls a six pack of 7-Up out from behind his back.
The women are furious.
He's hit a nerve.
The underwear remain on the floor.
Eddie wheels back to ask Vern what the fuck.
And now Eddie's hand pulls out A PLASTIC CONTAINER WITH AN AIR- LOCK SEAL...  he pries the seal off... Inside are FIVE HUNDRED Eddie HEARS THE THUD OF APPROACHING FEET, voices.
The cop looks up, taking in the entrance of THREE newly arrested HIGH CLASS HOOKERS.
WHIZZING TRAFFIC cuts the mysterious runner off, stops him from following.
Eddie holds there gaze, expressionless, but says nothing.
OVERLAPPING DISSOLVES of Eddie working at a furious pace.
He's lying.
Brazening it out again.
Pierce is annoyed.
Eddie snaps the file shut, hands Van Loon back his pen flashlight.
Eddie's hit a nerve.
Immediately the PHONE RINGS.
Tan Coat must dive out of the way, knocking down pedestrians like bowling pins, as the TRUCK hits a STREETLIGHT, mangling it -- then is WHACKED -- twice -- by TWO CABS piling up behind it.
Gennady has punched him in the stomach.
Eddie immediately collapses on the floor.
The broiler is slammed down in anger.
She reaches in...  and pulls out the PACKET Furious, she stuffs it into her purse and goes for the door.
There is a KNOCK on the DOOR.
Lying on the floor, trying to breathe, Eddie ignores it.
Begins to scream, desperate: Up ahead, miraculously, A COP ON HORSEBACK.
People scream and scatter.
That fucking article!
It's dead.
It's dead.
He's got the shakes...  no, more of a convulsion... he sinks back to the floor...
And its middle finger has been arranged in a vehement fuck- you.
They come thundering out -- see a flash of Eddie disappearing We are in jittery, handheld THUG'S POV shot as they burst back in, barreling by rooms, looking in them, pressing on to more rooms...  Thug #2 BLASTS his GUN... the MAN crumples, the glass doors behind him EXPLODE......  the MAN goes down...revealing Eddie standing behind him --(he's been holding up his neighbor's body.)
But this guy is not a tough Russian motherfucker for nothing.
Now the man screams.
He rushes at Eddie, screaming, on fire, in animal rage.
Next to him, a smashed PICTURE.
Anger.
As Lucy turns a corner, he slams into some garbage cans and ends up skiing behind the car in a cardboard box.
They SCREAM.
Little Gru is left alone.
Crushed.
Gru is left alone.
Gru SCREAMS, which causes Lucy to SCREAM and jump up, hitting her head on one of the shelves, sending all of the CUPCAKES flying.
Dave SCREAMS.
Immediately smitten.
When the ARMED GUARDS look over he punches through the bullet- proof glass, knocking them both out of the truck.
He plummets toward the mouth of an He pulls two grenades from behind his back, yanks the pins, and holds onto them as he plunges into the volcano.
Jerry slaps him.
Before they can scream...  WOOSH!
He grabs it.
SMASH!
The binoculars readout says "WARNING!
He storms in.
CUT TO Gru sitting across from her. Wearing a ridiculous WIG from Floyd.
He hangs up.
He gets sucked into it.
His hat follows him down the tube and lands on his head.
Contorts.
Gru's expression doesn't change.
Depressed.
She REACTS.
Gru steps into the elevator and the door shuts.
Edith knocks a pinata down with a BAT, then beats the crap out of it.
SMACK!
Margo SCREAMS.
Agnes screams a crazy HIGH-PITCHED SCREAM.
Evil minion Kevin slams into the glass door.
Margo shuts the big iron door.
The girls SCREAM as it jumps up and dashes towards them.
One of the evil purple minions points and SCREAMS.
The minions surround El Macho, cocking their jelly guns.
It stops at the farmhouse.
Poppa M cocks a brow at Sibeal who clears his throat.
It clatters to a stop.
Dolly and Duffy fume.
Dolly fumes.
Duffy and Greenly share an "oh shit" look.
Crew Cut exits his confessional and kicks in the priest's door.
Roughneck's #1 and #2 fume as Romeo takes a bow.
Murphy stabs the ink pen into his brother's shoulder.
Murphy moves behind Romeo, shuts the door and shoves him in.
Romeo holds up the gun in displeasure, a tiny .22
Romeo fires his useless 22.
A brisket boils on the hot-plate.
Doc rages.
Romeo swallows his anger.
The sick fuck.
And he leaves all of us on the streets holding the bag while him and his are living it up at the Taj fuckin' Majal, not a care in the world.
Fuck their old grudges.
I thought they made that shit up for that movie?
Silent rage.
He picks up a phone...  Romeo snaps his phone shut and turns to the boys.
The boys pull weapons and throw him against the wall in a Jesus Christ pose, pinning his hands with their guns.
The boys cock back the hammers on their weapons.
George is still in his Speedos, which now have a pronounced shit stain in back.
Murphy, while firing, dives back over the bar as bottles explode.
Connor slips one bullet in a revolver, spins the barrel and snaps it shut.
Frustration.
Anger.
Eunice pulls to a stop.
She knocks on the door.
She stops at the door and turns.
Crew Cut lies on the shop table.
The Old Man picks up the paper on his front stoop and shuts the door.
The door slides shut.
Kuntsler's shit eating grin disappears.
A chorus of protest.
She holsters and stops.
He kicks in the door and rushes in...  SLO-MO: The brothers smash through the glass.
The door slides shut.
For a few moments the gun battle rages around Eunice who stands in the center rapid firing at the gangsters.
The brothers slam Concezio to his knees and level to the back of his head.
The door shuts.
He lets Greenly in and locks it behind him.
A shotgun blast through the door sends Greenly to the floor with a gaping wound in his back.
He cocks back his hammer.
He snaps the rotary chambers out, puts one bullet in each gun, spins the chambers and snaps them shut.
Crew Cut cocks his hammer back with a "click."
He cocks it and levels to Crew Cut's head.
He shoots him in the throat and he is blown to the floor, grasping his bleeding neck.
All following visuals in slo-mo with slamming music...  Poppa "M" stands, throwing open his trench and revealing his leather vest, a six gun rig in the front.
The gun battle rages around the Roman who remains seated in the very mouth of madness.
Connor stands, firing in a Jesus Christ pose.
On the DESERT.
A youngish INSTRUCTOR stirs to the front row from a row of upset FACULTY.
In the car, madness, raging chaos, the four boys pulling him in.
JOHN looking over furious at RAY who mutters under the music.
Jim jumps through the TEEMING TRAFFIC (horns, anger.)
laughing with the first mad impulse of the peyote.
She screams for him.
JOHN on drums, reading Jim's moods, throws in the spontaneous and violent riffs that keep it savage.
JIM is being muscled out the door by JERRY, livid.
It hangs there.
Pamela furious.
PAMELA pulls off him, naked, frustrated, trying to rouse him.
Jim, quietly pissed, reaches for the whiskey bottle at the side of the bed.
He resists.
They struggle.
He grabs her.
More nagging.
A commotion.
They're fucking madly on the wooden floor of the loft, bathed in blood and white powder all over the place, rain pelting the windows, thunder, Orff's "Carmina Burana" cutting in over the Doors' song.
SNOW on the streets...  a group of DRUGGIES staggering in the snowbanks, throwing snowballs, stupid giggling, wheezing puffs of cold air... Jim throws the golden telephone into the trash and pees on it.
Jim suddenly jumps up, looses the blood curdling scream of an aroused demon and the band bangs into Willie Dixon's BACK DOOR MAN.
RAY's eyes warning JIM.
Shouts of "Fuck em! Right on!" CROWD roars.
The crowd is going nuts.
Chairs are thrown.
JIM is wrestled across the lot, pinned to the car and handcuffed, punched and thrown into the car, yelling.
Jim waits, then with great claim, in a quiet voice: As he's smacked by COP 2, sending him sprawling into the wall...
A SNOWBALL smashes against the glass.
The violent backbeat of THE WASP now picking up.
MARTIN LUTHER KING assassinated, BOBBY KENNEDY gunned down, PEGGY FLEMMING ice skating at the Olympics; A QUAKER burns himself to death protesting the war in Vietnam; B-52 bombs dropped on CAMBODIA; KENT STATE erupts; CHARLES MANSON is arrested.
"KANSAS COPS SLAM DOORS; CONCERT CANCELLED," 2nd HEADLINE: Dissolve to CRITIC'S FACE.
MARTIN LUTHER KING going down again; NIXON winning; massive ANTI- WAR PROTESTS in Washington; floating space ships in "2001"; B-52s sailing over Vietnam 4th HEADLINE: "DOORS PROVOKE CHICAGO RIOTS" -- again and again, faster, faster.
Moving through traffic.
PEOPLE are knocking at the door.
Anne uncomfortable, Jim getting pissed.
She doesn't want the Count's solace, throws him off.
A ball of people wrestling across the kitchen floor, upsetting the table and the remainder of the dishes, a carving knife at stake in the air...  Jim finally wrestling the knife away and holding it over Pam.
She explodes inward, a bloodcurdling SHRIEK.
RAY grabbing him, angry.
Ray about to lose his temper with Tom, checks it.
Exiting with the other Doors...  Dog picking the duck up from the floor.
DOORS!" Madness.
SIDDONS yelling at MIKE, the roadie.
Pam kicking wildly at the doors, trying to smash her way out as the FIRE crescendoes.
Jim and Mike driving drunk, fucking TWO BLACK CHICKS.
But the KIDS, increasingly frustrated by a barrage of COPS, cannot see their leader and now push against the cops with the very result the authorities seek to repress.
Raging, near-incomprehensible.
They dive for the floor as it smashes to bits into the wall behind the tape machines.
The Doors silent, feeling Jim's rage.
SIDDONS and ROTHCHILD protesting AD LIBS.
The CROWD is heckling a long-haired HIPPIE in a leather hat who cradles a live, snow-white LAMB telling him to "GET OFF", screaming AD LIB for the "DOORS, DOORS, DOORS!! JIM JIM JIM!!" CATCALLS.
Angry fists pound the edge of the proscenium.
A mess -- the CROWD chanting DOORS!
John yelling as they approach the curtains and the lights and the first monster realization of the THOUSAND MOUTHS waiting in the pit of hell.
The CROWD going nuts as the DOORS go into the ominous introductory strains of FIVE TO ONE trying to get the onus off Jim and the show on the road.
The Crowd explodes once more.
An INSANE TEENAGER stands on the railing of a balcony above the auditorium, poised to swan dive some 18 feet into the crowd.
The Crowd yells, parting to allow his bulk to smack the floor.
DOG chases the HIPPIE off as he gives the microphone back to Jim and takes the lamb from him...  he staggers over to ROBBIE and goes down to his knees, pretending to give him head on his frantic stoned guitar solo.
The Crowd BOOS back at him, surging suddenly with hatred for Jim.
The audience seems to be paying no attention to what he is doing or saying, which drives him to deeper rage.
Her BOYFRIEND, pissed at Jim, runs for the stage.
The BOYFRIEND is running at JIM as the BODYGUARDS throw him back into the crowd.
A TAPE is playing of Jim's devil voice at the concert, cursing: "Come on up here.
No laws", etc...  (screams, obscenity.)
A MIDDLE AGED SPEAKER, clean cut, squarely dressed, expresses his outrage.
MONTAGE: Moving, moving, moving -- all the POVS from fast- moving CARS travelling with the pace of L.A. Song of freedom, of escape -- the STRIP, the cars, the freeway, the BILLBOARDS...  farewell L.A. Camera creeping towards ANNE O'RIORDAN as she waits, alone on a white table for the doctor to arrive.
I see your hair is burning Hills are filled with fire If they say I never lov'd you You know they are a liar (etc.)
They stick a ludicrous printed birthday hat on his head.
As we hear Jim and the Doors running loose on ROADHOUSE BLUES".
top.location.href=location.href
The man makes a double-speed step to the door at the front of the class, kicks the door shut and locks it.
Spicoli watches in disbelief.
Her Mother shuts off the light, exits.
Damone expertly fills two glasses three-quarters full of Kahlua, then adds a few drops of milk.
Linda punches Stacy lightly on the shoulder.
Then Brad unhooks his fryer's apron and throws it on the counter.
He arrives back in his room and locks the door.
He pulls a snorkel from the mess, heaves it at the door and his little brother.
Spicoli gets out of bed, groans again, and kicks the door shut.
He kicks at his car.
He pushes the pedal to the floor.
Brad carries the hat under his arm.
His green T-shirt is on, his underwear in a pile on the floor behind him.
He locks the door.
She locks the door to the changing room and begins to walk towards Mike Damone.
There is a knock at the door.
Others begin furious notes.
Linda looks angry.
Linda shuts off the television.
She punches out another number, quickly.
He throws his books down.
The Ridgemont Drive strip is filled with cars, cruising for parties.
Clothes lie in disarray on the floor.
Curtis slams the door and leaves.
Spicoli kicks the door shut, grins, and continues struggling with his tie.
Fifteen kids immediately gravitate towards him.
top.location.href=location.href
Patterson stops at a large ornate door, knocks.
She hates it, too.
Screaming.
Dead.
PATTERSON, steaming, going up to Abdullah.
A FAT COOLIE running and running, glancing back, screaming louder, running on and on and -a shadow in the grass- no telling what- but it's big and it's moving and THE FAT COOLIE and this next goes so fast it could be a dream- or, more accurately, a nightmare- A GIGANTIC WHITE MANED LION as it leaps onto the Fat Coolie, brings him to earth, bites his neck in two, kills him, just-like- that.
ANOTER PART OF THE CAMP AND A DIFFERENT BUNCH OF WORKMEN- they freeze as the screams reach them and PATTERSON, on the way to his tent area and DIFFERENT WORKMEN listening in fear and PATTERSON, racing to his tent, grabbing his rifle and cartridges and STARLING, running toward the screaming and PATTERSON, as he charges ahead, loading his rifle on the fly and SAMUEL, carrying more ammunition, running behind Patterson, keeping up and TSAVO STATION and nothing is visible now- the men are gone and from this angle, it looks deserted and PATTERSON, catching Starling, leading him into the TSAVO STATION area, Samuel just behind them.
PATTERSON, dropping to his knees for the shot and STARLING, doing the same and THE WHITE LION, growling louder and PATTERSON, taking aim and SAMUEL, crying out and pointing and suddenly we're into super slow motion- -Samuel has pointed back toward the roof of the shed and- -and this thing is suddenly there- -this huge dark thing and it seems to suddenly appear from the flat roof of the shed and THE SUN, blocked out as this dark thing moves across it, fully stretched, it seems to go on forever and PATTERSON, turning around to see and STARLING, turning too, and we're coming back into regular motion now as we This enormous BLACK-MANED LION diving into the three, sending them all sprawling and THE WHITE MANED LION roaring and THE BLACK MANED LION roaring, running to the other and THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS, for that is how they will be referred to- -and The Ghost has blood and bits of flesh on its mouth- -The Darkness has eyes that are crazed- -they are destruction bringers, these two, they can kill the old and the young and the fat and the strong- PATTERSON, lying in pain, dazed, shoulder bleeding, trying to reach for his rifle and THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS, the white and the black, as they move toward the field of tall grass, roaring and SAMUEL, lying in pain, his leg is bleeding and PATTERSON'S RIFLE and PATTERSON, as he reaches it, manages to lift it and the roaring sounds are deafening now and THE TWO GIGANTIC MALES, backing into the tall grass- -they roar one final time- PATTERSON, gun ready to fire but it's futile and he knows it as we THE TALL GRASS and they're gone, the grass is full of moving patterns from the wind- that's all we see- just the grass blowing this way, that way- PATTERSON, staggering to his feet, staring at the grassy field.
Dazed too.
Patterson registers, turns and STARLING, LYING DEAD, his throat ripped open.
And furious!
He storms off.
Beaumont explodes.
Blazing.
For a moment, it could be a frozen tableau- both sides are too startled and surprised to do anything but stare- -and then all hell just explodes as we THE DARKNESS, and this incredible roar comes from his throat, the kind of roar that can be heard five miles away in the night but this one in the enclosed room sounds even louder and more terrifying and THE DARKNESS, throwing his huge body at the bars and THE BARS and both his front claws are slashing through and THE THREE TOUGH COOLIES and they retreat against the rear wall of the car.
THE DARKNESS, rage building, throwing its body at the bars again and THE COOLIES, pressed in fear against the far wall, unable to do anything but stare and THE CLAWS, ripping at the air and THE DARKNESS, leaping forward, smashing into the bars and THE CEILING WHERE THE BARS are connected and the sheer power of his leap has made them jiggle just the least bit and THE COOLIES, staring up at the ceiling and THE DARKNESS, AND HERE HE COMES AGAIN, roaring and his body hits the bars and THE CEILING- and the bars shake- -but they're not giving way.
THE TOUGH COOLIES, as they begin to realize this and THE DARKNESS, clawing for them and THE DARKNESS, raging and roaring on his side of the bars and THE FIRST COOLIE, raising his gun and THE SECOND COOLIE, his gun raised too and THE THIRD COOLIE and he's ready and -and reload- -and fire again, and reload, and- THE RAILROAD CAR- and suddenly the lamp is knocked over- -and a fire starts, flames grow and it's starting to look like hell in there- -only it gets worse as we- THE DARKNESS at the bars- -and suddenly it stands up- it seems to fill the car, towering over everything, it's like a nightmare come to kill you- THE COOLIES staring up at this giant thing, and of course they're more terrified now than they've ever been in their lives- but these are tough men and they ignore the flames, ignore the deafening roars of the beast and THE DARKNESS, standing there, going crazy on his side of the bars, trying to knock them down but they're holding and THE TOUGH COOLIES, reloading and THE DARKNESS, racing around the enclosed area now and he's trapped and the flames make him seem like something unalive and his eyes have never been so bright, his roars as deafening and THE THREE COOLIES, firing again and THE DARKNESS, leaping at the bars again, and they shake, sure they shake, but they keep on holding and THE COOLIES, firing, reloading, firing, reloading and as they do, something's starting to come clear- -amazing as it may seem, impossible as it may be to conceive, they're missing.
A BUNCH OF MEN WAIT.
Suddenly screaming and SAMUEL, screaming too and THE WHOLE LINE OF WARRIORS, suddenly moving forward, all of them shouting and screaming and pounding on their drums and it is loud.
Patterson is furious.
and an ORDERLY, blood pouring from his throat as he lies by the fire and THE SECOND ORDERLY rounding a corner, seeing the violence; before he can scream- THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS suddenly beside him, and their giant paws slap out so fast we can't follow and THE SECOND ORDERLY, dropping to the ground, and now we're starting to spin into madness and these next cuts go like lightning.
HAWTHORNE, out of his tent, because he's close by and he heard it and he lights a torch, starts for the gate of the camp as Samuel does his best to stop him- -but Hawthorne rips free and we A SECOND TENT, as it starts to collapse and THE MEDICINE TENT, as The Ghost and The Darkness enter and MEDICINE, flying across the tent and GLASS, shattering and more medicine is destroyed and A BLIZZARD OF CUTS, of lions' claws and lions' teeth and those terrible bright blazing eyes and A TENT POLE, being pulled out of the ground and THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS and what they are doing is this: destroying the New Hospital and MORE TENTS collapsing and THE GHOST AND THE DARKNESS.
Into the chaos.
THE TUNNEL- and here they come, screeching and angry- -bats- -swarms of them- hundreds of them- PATTERSON AND REDBEARD, diving to the ground, lying there amidst the bangles and the bones and the skulls- THE BATS.
It lies still and quiet.
PATTERSON, and it's scary now, this thing circling and circling, always closer, never visible and his throat is dry and you know he's just dying to blast it with his weapon or scream for it to do anything but this constantly circling movement.
PATTERSON, suddenly yelling out loud as an owl lands on him- that's right, a goddamn owl landed on him, thinking he was a tree, almost knocking him off the plank and WHAT THE GHOST SEES: PATTERSON, starting to slip off the platform and PATTERSON, fighting the owl away, but his balance is going and he's trying not to fall and WHAT THE GHOST SEES: PATTERSON, beginning to topple off and PATTERSON, helpless, balance going, going- THE GHOST, starting to charge forward and Christ he can move and as he starts his leap- REDBEARD, racing from the tree to the edge of the clearing, firing his rifle, firing again and THE GHOST, as this incredible roar comes from him, and he spins, lands, and sure, he's been hit but he's gone, back into the bushes and the night has him and SUDDEN DAWN AND PATTERSON AND REDBEARD, running, stopping, staring at the ground- THE GROUND.
THE RIVER, raging and black and lethal.
Firing- -THE DARKNESS, and it's hit and it roars and goes down and- -PATTERSON, turning, reaching for Samuel's rifle, grabbing it, turning back, ready to fire again- THE DARKNESS- gone.
THE HOLE AS THE DARKNESS JUST FUCKING FLIES OUT OF IT- Patterson falls back and fires and The Darkness is hit and goes down but it gets up and PATTERSON, turning for Samuel's rifle- -only Samuel isn't there- -he's taken off for the trees at the end of the bridge and PATTERSON and he turns, starts running too, running across the narrow half-completed bridge and it's a bitch to do it without slipping or falling and THE DARKNESS, wounded, sure, but the mother can still run and it takes off after Patterson and SAMUEL, making it to the end of the bridge and jumping for the nearest tree and PATTERSON running for his life across the bridge and THE DARKNESS, closing the gap and ordinarily Patterson would be a dead man but even though The Darkness hasn't got its ordinary speed, it's still faster than Patterson and PATTERSON, and he's never gone this fast in his life and THE TREE HE'S HEADED FOR, a different one from Samuel's and it's just up ahead and THE DARKNESS, closing and THE TREE, and THE DARKNESS, springing into the air now and PATTERSON, diving for the lowest branch, grabbing hold with both hands, swinging his body up as we THE DARKNESS, barely missing as Patterson gets his body onto the branch and now comes this insane roar and SAMUEL with his rifle, as he climbs higher into his tree.
THE DARKNESS, on the ground, circling the trunk of Patterson's tree, raging with frustration.
PATTERSON, aims, fires and THE DARKNESS, hit again and down it goes again but up it comes again and PATTERSON, firing the final shot and THE DARKNESS, hit again and it has to stop, it just has to- -but it doesn't.
THE DARKNESS.
- The BULLET, lying in its open crate, rolls down a chute where it's inspected by a UKRAINIAN MILITARY OFFICER holding a manifest.
- The BULLET is unloaded from the truck in Freetown, Sierra Leone - immediately grabbed by the young HAND of a RUF soldier.
- The BULLET and its neighbors start to rise quickly up the magazine towards the chamber as the Kalashnikov is fired.
Anatoly dons his hat.
BAPTISTE pisses at a urinal.
The BODYGUARDS stiffen at the insult.
Yuri fumes.
The wall explodes with gunfire.
As they run, the wall explodes again with gunfire.
He hangs up.
The Customs Boat ominously circles the freighter like a hungry shark.
They are alerted by the sound of a battle raging somewhere on the outskirts of the docks.
Yuri and Vitaly are left alone in their warehouse.
YURI, clearly fuming, is standing in a standing-roam-only Bolivian public bus along with an assortment of PEASANTS, MIGRANTS and On the wall of the bus Yuri notices a cellphone ad featuring AVA The outline of Ukraine drawn with cocaine.
Yuri gazes down at his pathetic brother.
YURI immediately picks up a newspaper, eager for the latest news.
Each time a gun is fired, the register rings.
Yuri shuts the window.
A loud shout from the other room.
Crates of machine guns from floor to ceiling.
YURI stops him.
Simeon fumes.
The car erupts as if it has been punched by a fist beneath the earth.
Baptiste glances over to the Lieutenant, irritated.
In the courtyard below, INTERPOL AGENTS are picking through the garbage cans under the supervision of AGENT VALENTINE.
YURI is left alone.
A frustrated African Interpol Agent, MBIZI, wound-up by the chase, rushes Yuri - slams him to the ground.
Lying in the back, the bodies of the two PILOTS shot and stripped.
Yuri refuses it.
The gyrating stops.
Projected on the wall behind them, the words, "FASHION AGAINST HATE - Dress Not To Kill" and various images from the world's warzones.
Back in the den, Yuri punches a calculator as he continues his phone call.
He picks up the hammer and in one sudden, violent motion swings it across Andre's face, smashing his jaw, teeth flying, Andre's body flopping like a rag doll.
The flippant comment gets under Valentine's skin but he keeps his temper in check.
His attitude further angers Valentine.
Ike stops in his tracks.
We see Maggie kickboxing in anger.
It's a little early in the game for Ike to be thrown off guard.
PETE, wearing a hat, comes in the front door of the salon.
Ike puts the hat on and starts to cross the street.
We overhear them murmuring in annoyed tones about the wedding plans as they exit...  Walter puts down his drink.
The yard is crowded with a MIXTURE of Hells Angels-types, Deadheads and townspeople.
She shoots her ex an angry glare and moves a lever on the shop wall.
Maggie looks at him with rage.
ON THE FIELD, Cory is getting ready to steal third.
Peggy yells and jumps in.
Maggie shoots Ike an accusing look, walks up to him in the bleachers and sits next to him.
She knocks his feet off the counter.
Ike is steaming.
Peggy stops in her track.
The machine shakes as it steams the cappuccino.
She picks up Ike's stolen post-it notes and her wedding video on top of the TV, and goes to the front door.
She swings the car door shut.
Fisher is annoying him.
A pair of expressive pantomime "A Little Grass Shack".
He's laid her flat.
She fights back angry tears.
Bob hauls back and punches Ike in the face.
Ike stops the car where it is and jumps out, slamming the door in anger.
And she bolts like a bat out of hell!
The doors shut in Maggie's face.
Various newspaper WORKERS also read Jay's column in the USA Today entitled "Maggie Mad Dash" and "Hardware Honey Goes Nuts and Bolts" in another newspaper.
She hangs up.
She grabs it.
Fuck this.
Her hand moves to the lock on the door.
She SOBS.
Somewhere in the house, back flat against a window, listening to FEET ON CRACKING GLASS.
Fuck it, she takes off...  Casey it at the back corner of the house.
The other throws the front door open and rushes out... the father moves through the house when a SCREAM echoes out.
Sidney, quick with the reflexes, shuts it off instantly.
A car trunk SLAMS shut outside.
It immediately RINGS again.
Sidney stops dead in her tracks, speechless.
Locks, chains, and bolts the door when...  rushing her, ramming into her side..the phone flies..the FIGURE is on top of her as she goes down... SCREAMING...
Shit!
She locks the door shut, the pulls her closet door open, placing the edge right at the door knob just as... ramming it, it rips open, but the closet door catches it in a crazy vice-like hold.
Sidney is at her computer, she punches at the keypad madly.
Sidney stops in her tracks.
Sidney lies back down.
A KNOCK at the door.
Suddenly, a SCREAM erupts.
Billy punches Stu in the side.
Tatum SLAMS her locker door shut as the bell RINGS.
Sidney starts to walk away but turns back, angry.
He SMACKS his forehead, pissed at himself.
Nothing... where the fuck is he?
Sidney flies out of the bathroom door SCREAMING... burning up the hallway, not looking back.
A TEACHER, hearing her SCREAM, peer out from an open doorway... as Sidney sprints by him, not stopping...running madly.
A KNOCK AT THE DOOR stops him.
Two seconds later...  ANOTHER KNOCK AT THE DOOR.
Himbry grabs the door quickly, this time throwing it open.
Himbry reenters his office, moving to his desk, when he spots the closet door NOW CLOSED SHUT.
Nervously, he pushes it shut to reveal...  NOTHING.
He continues to his desk, pushing his office door shut when...
Sidney moves to the back door and closes it shut, when from behind...  DEWEY stands.
Tatum goes crazy SCREAMING and KICKING trying to get through.
She SCREAMS MADLY.
Billy nibbles her neck.
Randy, freaked, drops the phone, finds the TV remote and pauses the movie, the others protest "Hey, Put is back... " etc.
Shit.
He slides it open and sticks his head out as...  comes at Kenny, fast and furious...slicing into his throat.
The CAMERA FOLLOWS GALE as she rushes to the newsvan, throwing open the door.
She looks for Gale, SCREAMING, but Gale is gone.
Sidney jerks, pulls, twists... but the HANDS have her, hoisting her up...Sidney SCREAMS MADLY... yanking one last time, freeing herself.
This is beyond nerve-racking.
Sidney RANTING into the police band.
And with that, Sidney steps back into the house and SLAMS the front door shut.
She SCREAMS, yanking it up.
Randy continues POUNDING ON THE DOOR, SCREAMING AT THE TOP OF HIS Billy goes for the door.
The BLAST throws Randy's body against the wall before sliding to a heap on the floor... still.
In a mad rush, they storm Gale, heading straight at her.
Billy charges forward, grabbing hold of the front door, SLAMMING IT SHUT.
Billy is fuming now... slightly staggering...and starting to lose it.
He SCREAMS at Stu who has fallen to his knees.
Billy starts ripping the room up, overturning furniture in a mad fit of rage... when he notices the hall closet.
A storm rages.
Carl opens the door, walks out onto his porch, pulls the door shut, and looks as if he's about to go somewhere.
Machinery and workers circle busily.
Carl SLAMS the door.
A KNOCK at the door.
Carl swings the door shut, but a small camping boot stops it.
Carl shuts his door.
He throws it open.
The storm rages.
A metal cage slams shut, a hidden net, darts on a trip wire.
Beat.
Carl SCREAMS.
He turns his anger to the group.
Carl THROWS the chocolate.
He slips.
An off screen SMACK!
And he hates himself for it.
Muntz snarls in anger.
An angry dawn breaks.
Furious, he THROWS a chair off his porch.
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.
He smashes into the wall.
Muntz slams the door.
He hears SCREAMING.
Carl throws the ball.
Gamma catches it.. Behind them Carl shuts the door.
Behind the door, Muntz is waiting for them.
Muntz kicks Dug loose and out the door.
He slams it shut.
Locked out, Dug jumps on the door and barks.
Muntz is a wild man now, smashing and destroying anything that gets in his way.
A bullet smashes the door jam next to them.
Russell and others duck inside and slam the door.
Muntz KICKS the door.
He throws it to Desmond.
Desmond knocks twice on the door.
Desmond stops him with a few well placed punches to his face.
Cable tries one more grand roadhouse punch which Desmond expertly ducks.
Bob begins to scream with anger.
Bobby can't hold onto his anger.
Eating nuts.
Laura frantically knocks at the door.
They break.
With a scream, Laura bolts from her room.
LEO JOHNSON is ragging on Shelly.
Leo goes over the top pulls Shelly down to the floor.
Tommy stands in the lot with his back to them, pissing.
He is shouting over the engine noise and the horn which Leland has begun to blow frantically.
Teresa watching with her head cocked as Leland hurries off.
"Bang".
Bobby is about to get really pissed when Laura starts laughing again.
She screams and passes out into hell.
Distorted chants from hell.
She gives him a terrible slap.
Hot.
Laura continues to scream.
When Jacques comes out of the cabin, Leland trips him, grabs the bottle and breaks it over Jacques head, knocking him out cold.
Bob screaming.
Leland screaming.
Cooper, in his pajamas, lies on the floor.
His mouth falls open...  HIS WIFE arrives and shuts it for him.
Cara is annoyed at this revelation.
She freezes; six tactics OFFICERS face her with guns drawn.
She throws open the French doors to the balcony.
The knife clatters to the floor as the door slams shut.
The Burly Welshman PUNCHES Frank in the stomach, which drops him out of the way of...  Which explode into the Welshman's shoulder.
Frank lies flat on his back.
A door slam?
He starts towards the elevator...  but the doors shut first.
Cara presses the central door lock.
She guns it up the ramp towards the closing door.
Boats are pushed out into the canals...  Trash is hosed from the cobblestone streets... Tables and chairs are set out at sidewalk cafes, waiting for the tourists to come...
Blood explodes from THICK NECK's nose.
He's quietly furious.
Ackerman stares at the monitor which captures Cara's angry expression.
Ackerman slaps the cabin table.
She just shoots Frank an angry glance and climbs onto A VAPORETTO (water taxi.).
Frank grows angry.
The FEED shuts off.
ANOTHER SLAP - MORE VICIOUS THAN THE FIRST.
Another SLAP.
Another scream.
At this moment, Cara fills her lungs and screams: She bends her head toward her cleavage, yelling into the tiny microphone.
Everything explodes in a mass of blood and glass.
A short and furious exchange of gunfire as the other plate glass windows explode.
FANNY looks furious.
There is a knock on the door.
MRS DASHWOOD, breathless with rage, is searching through her wardrobe for the gown which contains SIR JOHN's letter.
He is devastated.
CLOSE on the mother's anxious expression--what is to become of them?
MARIANNE looks furious.
SIR JOHN and MRS JENNINGS are cock-a-hoop.
BRANDON is clearly as angry with himself as he is with SIR JOHN.
At that moment a HORSEMAN thunders up the drive towards them.
She is silenced by ELINOR as WILLOUGHBY seizes Bedivere's reins from THOMAS, mounts up and rides off at a furious pace.
MRS DASHWOOD goes into her bedroom and shuts the door.
Disbelief has set in.
MARIANNE immediately assails PIGEON.
MRS JENNINGS bursts through the door in her hat and coat, panting.
MRS JENNINGS explodes into the room fighting for breath.
ELINOR is in her nightgown, knocking at a door.
CHARLOTTE runs out of the room screaming.
Evan grabs a cardboard box and hides under a doctor's desk.
Mrs. Boswell's morbid expression stops Andrea.
Imposing.
Hatred oozing.
Tommy lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend himself, frequently taking opportunities to eyeball Evan.
Andrea pulls the car over and stops.
Mrs. Kagan looks angry as she rolls the window down.
As the flames near Crockett, Evan, seething with rage, stands up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tommy at FULL SPEED -- Evan comes to in an unfamiliar place.
Just as they begin to rise, Thumper smashes the cue stick on the table, WHISTLING innocently (while now brandishing a spear.).
They sit the fuck down.
And Evan, seething with rage, stands up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tommy at full speed.
Evan ignores her accusing stare.
His hands begin to tremble and he slams the book shut in defeat.
Evan's face is flushed with rage.
Evan comes to as ECHOES OF SCREAMING CHILDREN FADE.
Lenny comes screaming from nowhere like a bat out of hell!
Kayleigh wakes up and SCREAMS when she sees blood spurt from Tommy's throat.
Lenny's eyes seethe with hate.
He knocks on a door.
Evan's temper flares and he picks up a chair and SMASHES it against a wall above Thumper's head.
Evan screams as blood pours from his nose.
Evan bristles at first, but finally gives in to his hatred, ultimately resting his own head against Tommy's.
Evan sees a cardboard marked TREBORN, E. Grabs it and hides under the doctor's desk.
Then Short Round is grabbed by the scruff of his neck and a door- man hustles him out the door, Short Round yelling insults all the way.
Elegant in a tuxedo -- dressed to kill.
LAO SHE looks angry and his men's smiles fade.
As bullets smash into the statue, Indiana hides behind it.
She slips it on.
Willie shakes Indy's arm but he continues snoring under his hat.
Indy continues to sleep -- until bullets smash the window by his head and a fire extinguisher is hit and starts spraying into Indy's face.
He pulls Willie down to the floor and shoves her the ammunition belt that's draped toward the gun.
This time as he swivels the gun, he misses and hits one of the DC-3's own engines and it explodes!
We follow small bare feet stumbling through the dust...  Indy sees an emaciated child in rag running out of the darkness.
The three elephants stand sucking up river water with their trunks.
She SCREAMS as the boa constrictor falls off the t-ee on top of her! Indy hears the scream and hears Willie calling to him.
She slows and hauls off and punches him in the mouth.
He barks commands and the elephants stop.
The man proceeds to enthusiastically suck the gooey innards out.
Looking annoyed, Indy tosses a boot at it and the clock falls on its face, setting of the alarm.
The assassin screams as he is hanged!
Suddenly they hear a hideous scream -- Willie!
Suddenly the door slides shut -- trapping them inside!
Indy pulls Willie inside the chamber and the door slams shut again.
The iron frame sinks and submerges into the boiling fiery lava.
Willie turns as the other guard, the one she kneed, crawls toward her -- Willie scoops up some dirt and throws it.
Indy gets angrier and angrier as he watches.
Suddenly the floor gives way and Indy slips!
Looking at his blood-splattered clothes, the Mahara- jah is furious.
Hearing their shouts, the fat guard returns -- yelling at their stupidity, he whips them and shoves them aside brutally.
Then Indiana whirls and punches the priest in the face!
Indiana springs into action, stopping another priest with a quick punch in the stomach.
In astonished rage, the guard draws his sword and goes after Indy into the tun- nel -- there's a pause and then we hear the guard yell!
Behind him, rocks explode as they're crushed and pulverized by the mammoth roller.
The sword slashes into a wooden railing and the guard tries frantically to pull it out -- Indiana slams kis knee up into the guard's stomach and then smashes his fist down on his neck -- the man collapses.
The two Thuggee cars shoot past, descending into the darkness in pursuit of the infidels who stole the Sankara Stones.
Bullets ricochet off the mine car and Indy yells back to Short Round.
A gunman in the car behind returns his fire, the explosions lighting up the tunnle walls.
Indy gets to his feet and immediately finds himself about to en- gage in a sword duel with the enraged Thuggee guard.
Star- tled Willie looks angry as Indiana reels her in, pulling her to- ward him and into his arms.
Her expression freezes.
Kicking out with his foot, Brody sends dozens of angry horseshoe crabs into an escape frenzy and they boil over the top of the dune and down its slopes.
Polly cocks her head and removes the phone from his ear.
Brody (and we.) hear a shrill scream from the water.
She is shrieking.
A huge splash explodes in the water near the gang, an eruption of foam and spray that stops everyone cold for a moment.
He kicks sand over an annoyed Mrs. Kintner, who looks up, just in time to hear Brody's bellow.
A crowd of angry men and women throng the central hallway, their voices a babble of confusion.
A collective nerve has been touched.
Riffling -- stop.
Some other boats clear the way for it, zig-zagging in the harbor, causing an annoying chop.
The owner of Pratt's boat throws it forward and Pratt removes a .45
Charlie punches it.
There's a knock at the door.
The sudden change throws Brody to his knees.
The doors latch shut with a resounding clang!
People begin screaming.
The TV unit is hopping up and down in rage and frustration.
Men raise their guns to fire.
The circle of boats around the little pranksters, the crowds huddled on the beach, Hooper's boat suddenly arrowing towards the estuary, leaving a huge boiling wake.
They enter through the big wooden doors, into another circle of Hell.
The whale lies bloody on the floor, its ruined carcass adding to the stench of other sharks being boiled in the drums, their tails suspended in the air.
He emerges from the steam and smoke.
He's stopped working, and is wiping his hands on a bloody rag.
A boil of water and the flash of fins and teeth as the local sharks erupt in a feeding frenzy, jaws snapping, blood spewing, a sudden display of the fury and blind predatory drive of the fearsome species.
Quint reeling in like mad.
Hooper, furious with himself, runs for the flying bridge to take the helm from Brody.
Hooper is bucking the steel rod, while Quint is hammering away at the joint, trying to drive a new pin.
Quint steers "Slow Ahead," engine protesting, as he maneuvers toward the moving barrels.
Its jaws break water, snapping at the ropes that have him snarled and frustrated.
They jump out of the way, falling flat on the deck as the ropes sweep over them, knocking over objects, skeetering across the deck.
Violent scraping sounds.
Huge cracks and broken timber testify to the fury of the attack.
Quint puts the spear gun into it.
Quint's footing falters and slips, he stumbles at the Mouth of Hell, the big teeth seize him and snap.
Bullets shatter the shark's teeth, punching holes in the dripping snout.
Crawford ignores her, pulling an x-ray off the light-box and grabbing his jacket - - which knocks over the bottle.
The unmade bed, the ripped-open condom packet, the clothes on the floor.
He nods, steps in and lets the door shut.
Nunally turns and lunges up, smashing a fist into Crawford's face.
Crawford reels backward with Nunally - - the two of them falling with Nunally on top, beating Crawford furiously, cursing - - as SWAT COPS burst in, grabbing Nunally, dragging him back - knocking into PARAMEDICS trying to get to Jennifer - - Nunally kicking, flailing, spitting at Crawford - who's put face-down on the floor, to get cuffed.
Nunally pulls free from the SWAT cops, distraught, angry - going to retrieve his gun and shove it in his shoulder- holster, struggling to regain control.
Jennifer's stretcher is loaded into an ambulance, doors slamming shut and sirens kicking on - - as Crawford, cuffed behind his back, is pushed into the back seat of a police car.
throws the door open without looking: Willy holds up a finger, talking into his cell: Norman mouths "WOOTON SIMS?!" repeatedly during: He hangs up, exhales slowly.
The phone rings and he gives up, frustrated - pushing the plastic garment-bag aside to answer - - knocking a full cup of take-out coffee on to his chair.
The P.D. shuts up, taken aback.
Nunally is silent - frustrated.
Beat.
Willy shakes the puzzle off, irritated: He shuts the phone.
Beat.
Marchand snaps his phone shut.
A GUARD lets Willy in, locks the door behind him.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Willy shuts his briefcase.
Willy stops, annoyed.
Beat.
Beat.
Chaos.
This is bad.
Beat.
A knock on the door "wakes" him.
Beat.
Willy stops in the doorway - watching a DEPUTY shut the stainless-steel freezer, open a wired-glass cabinet and poke around.
Fuming, relentless: He begins walking through the crime, "the stations of the cross" - re-enacting it, starting from the front door, methodical, reciting it to himself: Willy stands where Crawford was.
Jennifer Crawford lies with her head wrapped in gauze, eyes shut, plastic tubing down her throat held in place with tape.
Beat.
Beat.
Angry.
There's a knock on the door.
Mona watches Willy shut the door behind her.
Shuts the briefcase.
A buzz rises in the gallery - - as Nunally gets up, furious - stalks to the doors, slams out.
The Judge bangs his gavel - - practically shouting over the chaos - REPORTERS hastily heading for the doors, pulling out cell phones - Crawford gives the Judge a gentlemanly bow of the head.
Refusing to look up.
Screams and shouting in the corridor.
We move with Willy as he shuts the phone and heads for the doors - faster, pushing out - - into the echoing chaos of the corridor - trying to move in the crowd - - shoving through to where people are yelling and clustered around a figure lying on the floor.
Lying on the marble floor.
As the doors shut across them.
Crawford signs the forms, expressionless.
Expressionless.
The rotors whirl faster, engine noise rising to a scream.
Angry, at himself, Willy climbs in without taking Crawford's hand.
Everyone turns as the Med Tech hastily kneels next to it - - Willy whips around to look at Crawford, with fury in his glare: oh, you bastard.
The Med Tech turns to Crawford, uncertain - Willy throws himself at Crawford - attacking him, as the Med Tech grabs him, drags him back - - the Med Tech holding Willy down on the floor by Jennifer's stretcher - Willy struggles furiously - Willy is pointing at Jennifer - shocked - - as the Med Tech lets him up and they kneel by her, the Med Tech taking her pulse - Willy, staring down at her, intent: She's breathing.
Who's frowning.
She's slipping.
Beat.
Willy turns on him - angry, confused, bitter: Lobruto nods.
Beat.
Marchand pulls on his coat, shuts down his computer.
Willy cocks the gun.
Beat.
Willy's angry.
Frustrated.
Refusing to back down.
Crawford shrugs - arrogant: Crawford fires at Jennifer - Crawford shoots at the transom - Crawford holds out the gun, to Nunally: making the offer - Nunally setting down his pistol on the chair, as Crawford, across the room, sets down his on the table.
Nunally's calling for help on the walkie-talkie, desperately starting C.P.R. - - as behind him, Crawford picks up the murder weapon, (Nunally's gun.) from the table - - and walks over to the chair where Nunally left Crawford's gun (from his holster.).
Crawford picks up his gun and sets the murder weapon on the chair in its place.
He sets the ball-bearing into the slot at the top of the machine - Crawford reacts.
Curly, with another anguished sob, turns and rams his fist into the wall, kicking the wastebasket as he does.
He starts to sob again, slides along the wall where his fist has left a noticeable dent and its impact has sent the signed photos of several movie stars askew.
He swears softly.
The hood is up.
A man watches his radiator boiling over.
The Secretary half rises in protest but Gittes is through the inner door.
Mulvihill moves toward Gittes, shaking with fury.
Steam rises off the hood.
Gittes drives up a winding road, following a flood channel up into the parched hills.
Gittes' car is stopped by a couple of UNIFORMED POLICE.
He shouts.
Escobar stops.
This stops Gittes.
Gittes pulls it out, swearing.
Along the flood channel.
He turns at a fork in the road which allows him to continue following the flood channel.
Then he's inundated with a rush of water which pours over him, knocks off his hat, carries him down the channel, banging into its banks, as he desperately tries to grab some of the overgrowth to hang on and pull himself out.
He starts to get into his car but Mulvihill and a SMALLER MAN stop him.
The Smaller Man actually seems to be trembling with rage when he says this. Gittes doesn't move.
Gittes screams.
Evelyn is clearly angry but she is controlling it.
He drives off into the Wilshire traffic, leaving Evelyn looking after him.
She gets up, annoyed, and goes into Yelburton's inner office.
This stops Gittes.
His hat blows off his head.
He guns the car, and takes off down one of the orchard lanes.
Gittes yells at it.
This hide-and-seek chase between one man on horseback, one on a mule and a couple on foot continues up and down and across the orchard lanes until Gittes' front tire and radiator are ruptured by another SHOTGUN BLAST.
Gittes kicks him squarely in the nuts, knees him in the jaw after he's doubled up, and hits him solidly.
Palmer screams.
Mulvihill's gun has clattered to the floor.
Gittes slaps it out of his hand and kicks it.
Gittes stops.
She kisses him, rushes to the bathroom, shuts the door.
He grabs his shoes, throws them on.
Gittes explodes.
He gets out and slams the car door.
Clearing the kitchen counter, Gittes sees IDA SESSIONS lying on her back on the floor, surrounded by the groceries from a broken bag.
This stops Escobar.
On the telephone table, lying on his handkerchief are the glasses.
He's been charged with anger and when Evelyn says this it explodes.
Gittes slaps her again.
Gittes slaps her again.
He hits her again.
Escobar is getting out of his car, moving towards the duplex.
Evelyn cocks the pistol.
Duffy's sedan slows to a stop in the middle of the street.
Punches, kicks, elbows...
Julian refuses.
Liang takes the money.
Billy joins in but an argument quickly starts up between him and another Thai Man.
The music's too loud to hear what they're arguing about but it suddenly gets out of control...  Billy starts viciously hitting the Thai Man and quickly the room EXPLODES in a frenzy of violence.
There is a knock on the door.
Beat.
Beat.
The Porter doesn't know what the fuck she's talking about.
Liang GRABS hold of his hair and PULLS him over the counter, SLITTING his throat with the knife.
Liang takes the money.
Jenna silently seethes, waiting for Julian to shut the fuck up.
Julian's touched a nerve.
Beat.
Julian stands up, angry.
Julian grabs hold her neck.
Sleazy.
Dead.
The back door of the van slams shut.
He's wrong.
The music's killed.
Doesn't know what the fuck he's on about.
Dimitri screams hysterically - calling out for his mother in Russian...  Phaibun grabs Dimitri's head from behind.
... Dimitri's screams become more like the howls of a dying animal... Chang looks at him and his men release Dimitri who stumbles around the room like a chicken without a head...  Chang grabs Dimitri and pushes the knife into his ear.
We can't hear Dimitri's screaming.
Screaming.
This pisses Julian off.
Julian slams his right foot down on the floor and uses it to swivel, unleashing a kick with his left which connects with Chang's jaw and sends him flying back.
Julian swivels, punches air, and gets a trio of punches in his gut.
Round three: Julian slamming punches into Chang.
Then Chang comes in with a flurry of punches.
Julian's incredibly frustrated but hasn't got time to argue.
Beat.
Beat.
It clatters to the floor.
The force of the explosion FLINGS Gordon's body against the far wall of the car park.
Julian nods and slams the door shut.
Suddenly, and completely unexpectedly, Chang punches Julian in the gut...  Julian falls to the floor and Chang starts to viciously attack him, punching and kicking him.
As one of the Custom's Officers puts on a rubber glove, Jenna starts to scream out obscenities at them.
Quincy grabs the rebound and shoots.
He throws the ball back to Monica.
Quincy curses as Monica grabs the rebound and clears the ball.
Kelvin throws it back.
ZEKE, 32, with the height and ego of an NBA ballplayer, enters.
Quincy suddenly throws down his pencil in frustration.
He shows off a flurry of punches.
Monica punches her in the leg.
She knocks the ball loose and grabs it up.
A frenzied crowd from floor to ceiling watches Quincy explode across the court.
Livid, Nona pulls off her gold bracelet, throws it at him.
Quincy punches one of his friends - "Oh shit!"
On the defensive end, Monica steals the ball.
Monica catches herself, turns the word "shit" into a frustrated yell as she quickly moves away from the ref.
Quincy steps up, holding two cups of punch.
He pulls Shawnee to the middle of the floor.
Expressionless.
Toni slams into her and she hits the floor.
She gets a pass in the corner, tires to make a move but Monica slaps the ball loose.
Monica grabs it, drives to the three-point line, puts up the shot.
Monica stands alone on the sideline, posing, and feeling like an asshole.
They crack up.
They hit it.
The crowd goes crazy as...  Monica sits on the bench, watching Sidra run the floor against UNLV, as... Quincy drives to the three-point line against Cal and puts it up.
She jogs back, as...  Zeke grips Quincy's head proudly, affectionately, as they walk off the floor after a game against Washington, as... Sidra crashes to the floor, immediately grabs at her ankle.
Nona grabs an envelope beside her and throws it at him.
Humiliated, Quincy tries to steal the ball back and commits a stupid foul.
The two women stare up at the REFEREE from the floor.
Zeke is taken aback by the hatred in his son's eyes.
Reggie and his teammate smack each other, "Oh shit!"
She storms out.
BAM!  Monica slams her car door.
She pulls open her car door.
Monica punches the shit out of Quincy, then pushes past him.
The women immediately stop talking.
In the middle of the floor, the Spanish players are the life of the party.
Quincy steals the ball, has nothing but open court ahead of him.
Quincy takes off from the hash-mark and throws down a monster jam.
WHAP!  Camille's humiliation is immediate and she cuts off Monica with a SLAP.
He shuts off the water and opens the curtain.
Off Quincy: Monica sits at her desk in a blouse and skirt, punching numbers into the computer.
He pulls a GARBAGE CAN HOOP from a plastic shopping bag.
She throws him the ball.
Quincy grabs the loose ball and clears it.
He turns away from the bar, after flipping a coin on to it, while the barman stands there not knowing whether to be angry or philosophical.
The door shuts.
Then he marches out again, shutting the door after him.
She shuts it behind her and stands looking at him.
Iles is a ball of fire.
There is a knock at the door.
Iles stands there frozen with rage a moment.
A colored man cleans a crap table.
Haven shuts the door, pulls off his boots and gun belt, lies on the bed and stares at the ceiling.
The sheriff has stopped in his tracks and has his gun out.
As the two are in the room the door behind them slams shut.
Mick says nothing, his face a blank hatred.
Pete turns and walks out, shutting the door behind him.
He stops dead in his tracks as Charlie moves towards him with a little pistol, pearl-handled.
Haven shuts the door and locks it.
Haven replaces the gun in his holster, opens the window and crawls inside.
He puts his own gun in holster.
They move back through the same room, but the Cezanne has been replaced by a Hieronymus Bosch (bodies roiling in Hell.).
Milo stares at his screen, frustrated.
The bomb explodes.
Randy pulls the blinds shut, joins Phil.
Milo listens: the door clicks shut, the whistling recedes.
She wants more than kisses: to prove to herself how wrong Phil was, her professional pride insulted.
Shit.
He points to a door immediately behind him.
This hangs there.
The tracks are still flat, there's no redness.
Milo races along the tunnel that leads from #20 to the Day Care...  Shrot punches a number on the phone.
The door is kicked open.
He immediately bashes the KNQR computer with it.
TIGHT ON: A PC SCREEN - Teddy Chin's recruitment file is in one window, the hate crime footage is in another.
Milo grabs up his pack, the three of them head away from camera.. <b><!-- </b>if (window!= top.)
The door slides shut.
As the SCREAMING goes on in the b.g. of the SHUT...  we hear a BUZZING noise.
We can HEAR the CROWD SCREAMING in Carousel offstage.
He takes out a small flat pouch and methodically strips from the body its few personal things, stuffs them into the pouch.
Sucked up into the machine as it hovers.
106- As he speaks he leads her into the maze-car station and punches out his destination on the car caller.
They ring for another car which pulls in immediately.
Jessica hangs back, momentarily certain she's about to smash into something.
A moment later, as the burning body topples to the floor; hearing the unmistakable SCREAMING sound of the kill, they exchange a look.
He turns off the healing switch and punches buttons fiercely.
In an instant he has knocked Logan's gun away.... and as Logan looks down at it....we see it lying on the floor completely frozen.
SCREAMING, as Doc is slashed by the machine amid showers of sparks and gouts of steam as the metal twists and wires short out and various fluids boil and spill onto hot surfaces.
Instantly Logan jumps him, grabs and throws him sprawling.
Behind them the door slides shut again.
Another angry murmur of VOICES.
PEOPLE running, SCREAMING--the ALARM BELL RINGING, RINGING as Sandmen methodically slaughter the people in the wreckage of the room.
As the brief, one-sided battle rages, echoing SHOTS and SCREAMS in the dust filled room, Logan pulls her down out of the way.
Beyond the lock is the ruins of a vast undersea complex in which food was raised and harvested.
Logan contains his anger.
Logan's argument that there is no Sanctuary has sunk in and taken hold.
There is an angry murmur in the CROWD as Logan continues: Trying to grab Logan.
There is a struggle.
People getting the hell out of there.
Edward immediately stalls the Ferrari.
Vivian rushes up to join the outskirts of the crowd as the body of a YOUNG GIRL is pulled out of an open dumpster and carried towards the waiting ambulance.
Vivian throws him off.
The Ferrari peels out, fishtails madly and SCREAMS up the street.
The Ferrari SCREAMS into the driveway and comes to a jarring stop by the front door.
She stops in her tracks.
She throws the door open and storms outside.
Vivian frantically punches buttons.
Annoyed.
But Vivian can see she's hit a nerve.
He watches as Vivian tries on a hat.
A beat.
A fire burns in the fireplace.
She hangs up.
Vivian dislikes this guy on sight.
It's ludicrous -- these people in their suits and fancy clothes, replacing divots and stepping over the horse shit.
Stuckey stops.
An angry, reluctant looking David Kross is behind his father.
Stuckey slaps her.
Edward rushes forward, berserk with rage, to hit Stuckey again.
Edward pushes Stuckey out the door and throws his briefcase after him.
The ROAR OF NAVAL GUNS continues but now WE SEE THEM FIRING.
A river of MACHINE GUN FIRE pours into the craft.
Deadly.
The SOUNDS OF BIG GUNS and MACHINE GUNS FIRE surround him.
DISSOLVE TO: The SOUND OF CLATTERING MACHINE GUN FIRE SEGUES TO that of CLATTERING TYPEWRITERS.
The Young Lieutenant speaks to a YOUNG CAPTAIN who, like the Lieutenant is clearly bothered by what he's being told.
MORE EXPLOSIONS.
Miller, Sarge and Reiben immediately rise and POUR FIRE at the German positions.
GERMAN MACHINE GUN FIRE RESPONDS and they duck down again.
The other officers freeze, listening without turning.
HUGE EXPLOSIONS.
DISTANT ARTILLERY AND EXPLOSIONS.
Behind him, GENERAL GAVIN, pure piss and vinegar, strides up, trailed by his huge staff.
BLOWS A NEW CRATER SARGE FLOORS IT.
GRENADE AND MORTAR EXPLOSIONS.
As Miller ducks back behind the corner, A GERMAN BULLET SMASHES into the bricks where his head was an instant before.
GERMAN BULLETS BLAST, kicking up the cobblestone behind him.
Sarge is pissed.
Jackson doesn't dignify that with an answer but he looks back with an expression that clearly says, "What are you, some kind of fucking idiot?"
Captain hamill Shit, are you the guys going up to find Private Ryan?
Miller and his men are bivouaced in the middle of the ruins of a medieval church.
Reiben looks at the bandoleers and is about to give a smart- ass response, when a look at the Gentle-Faced Private's vulnerable expression stops the comment dead.
Shitting bricks.
Pissed, MILLER prepares to fire.
The SOUND OF DISTANT GUNS has been replaced by the CHIRPING OF BIRDS.
Bullets SMASH into the ground all around Miller.
THE GRENADE EXPLODES.
Miller shakes his head to himself, amazed that the men still allow this shit to work.
Imposing.
Your brothers have been killed in action.
Forrest Three brothers, the poor son-of-a-bitch.
Miller is about to automatically rip Ryan a new asshole for contradicting him, but he quickly calms himself, gently touches Ryan on the arm and speaks softly to him.
Miller speaks with restrained, but growing, anger.
Miller starts to boil over.
Miller's more amazed than pissed off.
What the hell are you talking about?
Miller fumes.
The RUMBLE GETS LOUDER AND LOUDER.
Hangs as an angry, black cloud amongst the rafters and beams of the vaulted ceiling.
Coming from floors above.
The water boils.
Rows.
HAMMERING.
He heads for the door -- The Abbot stops in the door - The Abbot SLAMS the door behind him.
Hate.
Locking away the good omen turned evil.
She FREAKS OUT --! BEATS the walls.
KICKS.
SMASHES her HEAD against the wall.
The Bald Tribunal Monk SCREAMS as something GRABS him from below -- (note: the left half of the following 5 pages is cut off.
Looses control of his bodily functions as blood sprays from the faucet -- In their stalls as the toilets reject a torrent of gore!
John coming towards him, knocking on the doors of boarded up cells.
Ripley stops.
The Abbot SCREAMS and RUNS.
The Sheep nearest him opens it's mouth to reveal a horde of razor sharp fangs, SINKS THEM INTO HIS ANKLE -- Anthony SCREAMS -! Down the corridor HEARS the scream, turns back -- sees Anthony fighting with himself, struggling against John's grasp - Balanced precariously on the top of the ladder in the real world as he fights against the demons in his android mind -- He JERKS -- Pulls his left ankle out of the grasp of the DEMON SHEEP -- OFF the ladder - forty foot drop waiting below him...  Struggles to keep his death grip on Anthony's hand.
Ripley sets her feet and pulls on Anthony's cassock -- Opens her mouth - GRUNTS -- ANTHONY sees the terrible Alien open it's maw to devour him.
The bleeding stops.
Starts forward again -- with his ear cocked to the rear...  SNAP! Ripley, John and The Abbot knock on the door, walls.
She punches numbers into the keyboard.
They HEAR the scream -- John RUNS back -- Traps SNAPPING around him -- Ripley turns towards the sound -- The Abbot pushes her back to the keyboard -- Ripley knits her brows.
Her fingers punch the keys.
The Beast bellows!! Whips its head from side to side -- Can't shake off the trap -- ACID BLOOD sprays out --! Lands as pools of FIRE on the wooden floor.
She punches keys -- Yards away -- Limping.
Hissing.
The useless flamethrower SKITTERS across the floor.
The Abbot points to the door.
John SCREAMS.
Ripley SCREAMS.
The Infant Alien-headed corpse stumbles towards her -- She plucks Anthony's staff from the floor and SWINGS -- -- Like a child hitting a baseball from a TEE -- BLASTS the Chest/head burster across the room -- It hits the floor SCRAMBLING.
Heaven has become HELL.
Tongue hanging out, useless.
The Alien SPINS in a circle -- Blood SPRAYING around him - Creating a CIRCLE OF FIRE about him -- IGNITING the books -- John steps forward -- Ripley grabs for him -- The ACID EATS through the wooden floor -- The Alien, John and Ripley PLUMMET down -! THROUGH the next floor -- The Alien FALLS into the molten glass vat -- SCREECHES - arms flailing as it sinks beneath the surface of the thousand degree liquid.
A drop of sweat falls...  POPS AND SIZZLES as it hits the surface of the molten glass -- Tries to pull herself up to the floor above -- The next level is a raging fire.
The Alien has one foot out of the glass furnace -- RIPLEY grabs the lever -- Hssssst! Putting out the fire with her hand -- Pulls -- DUMPS.
The steam clears...
REACTION SHOT:  BARRY, horrified by the sight.
He is angry and upset now.
As ALICE nods, she is interrupted by a shrill scream outside.
MARCIE is the source of the scream.
He explodes his breath.
Her scream is loud.
MARCIE begins to clean the blood off the floor with the paper toweling.
He bites down on it.
As BILL and JACK flip him over to try to give him the Heimlich, NED stops his act and grins from ear to ear.
BILL stands up, angry, but willing to keep his mouth shut.
It cuts through.
She grabs a flashlight, scoots to the door and is gone.
The screen door to the shower room is swinging open and shut.
MARCIE screams.
The flashlight clatters to the floor.
She grabs the knife, breaking the string.
Angry, BRENDA turns and goes back inside the cabin.
He stops the car.
STEVE turns as the cop's car door slams.
BILL knocks.
Slams the door.
It has been smashed by the blow of a hammer.
ALICE screams.
VOORHEES is in pain, her face a mask of rage.
ALICE gets to the door and stops.
ALICE runs for the door, slams through it.
ALICE gets to the door, shuts off the light switch and runs out.
ANOTHER ANGLE:  The door is thrown back.
ALICE, with an almost useless .22 in her hands, does the only thing she can.
VOORHEES slams through a flimsy table, crushing it, and drops to the floor.
Then the sound of another door being slammed.
She cases down the door frame to the floor.
Fists bang in a rage on the floor.
She screams with rage.
VOORHEES raises the knife for another blow and ALICE lunges for her knees and succeeds in throwing MRS.
The door slams.
Hi and the same three officers.
In the middle of a vast expanse of desert.
NATHAN ARIZONA, a stocky middle-aged man in a white polyester suit, is gesturing expansively with his white cowboy hat toward a one-story warehouse store with a football stadium parking lot, chroma-keyed in behind him.
The businessman takes his newspaper and releases the machine door as he turns to leave.
Behind him, in the background, just rounding the open door from the nursery, yet another baby is making a mad dash for freedom.
He is trying to open the door, which Ed is holding shut with all her might.
Still bellowing, as if in some primal rage, Gale has gotten his muck-covered arms up out of the earth and is now pushing down to haul up the rest of his body.
Both are bellowing.
We hurtle toward and then straight up the ladder with no abatement of speed, sucked forward by the deafening scream.
The screaming snaps off at the cut.
He is rising to his feet and hurling the coat to the floor.
CRASH - the bathroom door flies open as the Biker bursts in astride his hog, bright daylight streaming in with him to throw him into imposing silhouette.
One of Glen's children, in a cowboy hat, is squirting a squirt gun into his crotch area.
The kid in the cowboy hat is reaching up to slap Hi on the ass.
His body is ghostly pale except for a V-area at his neck and his arms below the short-sleeve line, which are a bright angry red.
As she slams the car door shut.
The DRIVER screams and brakes - not quite in time.
Before Hi can get his door shut the Driver is obediently peeling out.
Next to him, the Driver is screaming.
Still screaming.
He turns up one of the last lanes, races along it and grabs a carton of Huggies, still on the flat run.
He emerges into the broad back aisle and runs along it, but at the first perpendicular lane he hits, we see Officer Steensma, gun leveled, at the other end.
The pack of dogs appears at the end of the lane and thunders up toward Hi, braying at the top of their doggy lungs.
They boil over the prostrate Officer Steensma, and this is the last we see of him in this movie.
As Hi pulls the carton in and slams his door shut.
Flame is boiling in each exhaust pipe as the hog roars.
Eyes on the Biker he slams the door shut behind him, looking for some reaction.
Nathan swivels to punch numbers on a telephone.
He slams the door.
Gale, still on top of him, reaches back to throw a punch.
He grabs a lath exposed by the hole and pulls; it tears out of the wall and snaps free, giving him a length of about two feet.
Gale crashes and bounces off the walls, roaring in pain and fury.
Hi starts bucking and struggling, weeping tears of rage and frustration.
As we hear the door slam shut with horrible finality.
He snaps the chamber shut and leaves frame, still talking.
Screaming as he watches the foot: But too late.
SQUEEEEEEEAL...  Evelle is screaming at the top of his lungs as the car rocks to a stop.
The screech culminates in a loud explosion that snaps off the siren wail.
Beyond her - KABOOM! - their car explodes and bounces, pouring black smoke.
The explosion flings him to the ground in the middle of the street.
Raising an arm to stab.
From where he lies prone: BANG: The front door bursts open before Lenny's roaring hog.
He raises the guns to fire.
There is a roar as if the earth were cracking open and flame as if hell were slipping out.
He clears his throat and turns to the door.
Glen is grinning and talking with his hands cupped in front of him, as when he told Hi about the Pollack who almost stepped in the pile of shit.
top.location.href=location.href
The room is ON FIRE all around him.
As the structure explodes.
Bobby immediately stops.
BOBBY'S WOMAN screaming at the top of her lungs as she tries to get a Bobby's sheet-covered body.
Slamming the door behind her.
He wears a cowboy hat and a rodeo belt.
Sparse traffic on the street.
AN ARGUMENT ENSUES NEXT DOOR between the dude and Colette.
Colette screams.
The dude yelling at the top of his lungs.
A LOUD SMACK.
A DOG sniffs at him, then starts pissing on him.
He gets to his feet, a bloody mess.
The kit has sprung open, sending shit samples everywhere.
He pulls a small SHOCK GUN from his pocket, switches it on and sticks Danny behind the neck with it.
Liz in the passenger seat looking pissed.
I DARE YOU! Danny sighs.
Big Bill pulls back the hammer on the gun.
He quickly TAKES SOMETHING from him own jacket pocket and SLIPS IT IN THE HOLE IN LITTLE BILL'S JACKET between the coat and the lining.
Pooh-Bear cocks his head.
Pooh-Bear and Big Bill see it immediately.
THE SCREAMS OF LITTLE BILL AUDIBLE Danny is FIDDLING WITH SOMETHING UNDER THE TABLE when he HEARS POOH- Danny finishes up, stuffing a roll of DUCT TAPE into his pocket.
Pooh-Bear drops a zip-lock bag of METH on the table.
A KNOCK ON THE DOOR.
Colette goes to protest.
Shuts the door.
He throws the bag on the table, knocking a beer into the guys lap.
The guy springs up, pissed off.
UNDER THE TABLE - Danny fumbling with the gun, trying to untape it without being too obvious.
POOH-BEAR HITS THE FLOOR, SCREAMING, slapping at the fire on his leg.
Pooh-Bear lifts his gun and SHOOTS DANNY IN THE TORSO THREE TIMES.
On the placid sea as DANNY'S HORRIFIC SCREAM resounds from the house in the distance.
Garcetti holsters his weapon and picks up the bag of money from the floor.
He has hacked up the bullet he was shot with.
A linoleum floor rushes underneath.
The old gal can't wait to tell her flat mate below about the young, strapping men.
Coraline smacks Wybie.
She crumples the note, both annoyed and charmed.
Coraline makes annoyed sound.
Coraline pushes the little door shut, her head lowered.
Coraline grabs the door's edge and pulls it open.
Other Mother rises, walks towards Coraline.
She shakes her head and pushes the door shut.
Annoyed, she picks it up, starts leafing through the envelopes.
She ducks and he reaches past her to his actual target - his door knob - and pulls it shut.
He scuttles inside and slams the door shut.
She snips it free and takes out her special HAT, a black Japanese schoolboy's cap.
Forcible grabs a handful of tea, puts it in the pot and pours boiling water in.
She walks ahead nonchalantly, the periscope following her, then suddenly turns and GRABS it, PULLING UP WYBIE, then PUNCHES him in the arm.
He guns the tractor full-speed over a little bridge, grabbing a GOURD TRUMPET from a vine and blowing it.
The Other Mother FEEDS BITS OF SAUSAGE to the HUNGRY SNAPDRAGONS bouquet now in a vase.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Shuts the door.
A flat cut-out ship manned by cut-out men rows in behind her.
Spink, furious at the greater reaction, gets back in the competition.
Other Mother KICKS him under the table.
Coraline shuts the door and is quickly surrounded by fluttering DRAGONFLIES.
Coraline is mad, and feeling mad makes her brave.
A SOB wells up in her throat.
A beat.
Other Wybie shoves Coraline into the tunnel and shuts the door.
Coraline SLAMS the door shut and turns the sharp little key  still in the keyhole  to LOCK IT.
Wybie answers quickly, guilty as heck.
She dejectedly looks at the phone, then snaps it shut.
Coraline CLEARS HER THROAT, frustrated.
But it's CANDIES she attacks, sending sticky chips flying, making loud grunts as she stabs.
Coraline, enraged, THROWS the doll.
The Tall Other Mother takes the key, locks the door, and - while the armoire bug assumes guard position - she The Other Mother PULLS A VINE growing from his ear, She turns him around, her hands under his arms and drags him out.
A muffled screen door slams O.S. and the Tall Other Mother calls to her from the kitchen.
She KICKS them down.
As she turns back to where she started, she sees something, right in front of her: a BURNING RED EMBER -- A GHOST'S She lowers the stone from her eye, to see that the ghost's eye is the FADED STICK SHIFT KNOB from the preying mantis tractor, which STANDS RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER with the Other Father, a SQUAT PUMPKIN MAN, at its controls, his own hands IMPRISONED IN THE MECHANICAL HEADLIGHTS GLARE and the tractor ROARS TO LIFE.
It moves onto the bridge - STUPIDLY SMASHING THROUGH THE PLANKS in front of it.
Coraline PUNCHES A HOLE through the paper, steels herself, then reaches inside.
The taffy monster THRUSTS OUT another paired arm, and starts DRAGGING ITSELF TOWARDS CORALINE, ropes swaying on pulleys.
Coraline steps into the apartment and carefully shuts the door.
Coraline pulls off his hat.
She GIVES The OTHER RATS RACE behind the twin rows of cannons - the cheese wheel rat rolls through them, heading towards the door!
The whole rig, with Coraline on top, ROTATES as it collapses, THROWING CORALINE toward the front of the house when it HITS THE GROUND.
The destruction TRAVELS up the driveway, PULLS APART the poplars, and then UNRAVELS the topiary elephant and bird.
Coraline looks towards the locked little door behind the armoire bug and understands: she's got to get the Beldam to unlock it!
FREAKED-OUT, the cat DIGS in his CLAWS AND BITES the shrieking Beldam, who STAGGERS to one side of the little door.
Her hands pull away to show EMPTY, FLAT SOCKETS and TORN She furiously STOMPS the floor which FLIES UP in a spiral of floorboards that drive Coraline to the room's center.
A huge WEB TRAP LIES BENEATH THE FLOOR!
Coraline makes it to the little door, but the BELDAM IS Coraline SCRAMBLES through the door, KEY IN HAND, and grabs the door's handle.
Before she can shut it, the Coraline KICKS HER IN THE FACE, knocking her back.
The ghost children's FLUTTERY, DISMEMBERED HANDS FLY OUT FROM HER BAG and GRAB HOLD OF CORALINE'S HANDS that grip the door's handle.
The door STARTS TO SHUT.
And then the tunnel behind coraline STARTS TO GROW SHORTER, like a collapsing accordion and the pounding far door with the blind, one-handed Beldam on the other side Ahead, DAYLIGHT APPEARS, and then the LITTLE DOOR TO THE Coraline FLINGS HERSELF through the doorway, SHUTS AND LOCKS THE DOOR and BRACES HERSELF AGAINST IT.
A split- second later, the OTHER WORLD DOOR CATCHES UP WITH A CRASH! Coraline is THROWN BACK.
His expression says yes, he's still mad.
The cat's angry expression softens.
She grabs it.
Coraline makes a CHOKED SCREAM, her fingers caught between the key string and her neck!
The HAND wants to DRAG HER BACK TO THE HOUSE and the A BLINDING HEADLIGHT hits HAND and CORALINE; an AIR HORN SOUNDS; and WYBIE LOVAT - hollering a BATTLE CRY all his own - comes SPEEDING DOWN THE BLUFF on his whining electric bike!
The hand STABS THROUGH THE BLANKET and SHAKES IT OFF.
They stop at the door of the room.
In a line of people queueing in front of a counter, we see Mortimer Brewster, with a hat and a pair of large dark glasses.
With three people in the booth, Mortimer can hardly close the door behind him.
The man looks very angry, but doesn't try to come back in the booth.
Teddy, who has started to mount the stairs to the upper level, stops in his stride, pretends he is taking a sword out of a sheath at his side, points this imaginary sword in front of him and starts running up the stairs, yelling : When he arrives on the balcony, on which open the bedroom doors, he rushes into his room and slams the door.
She is wearing a short cape and a hat, and she carries a cylindrical can with a handle.
She has taken her hat off.
He goes into his room and slams the door behind him.
The driver comes out of the cab, holding a hat.
Mortimer gives Elaine her hat.
He puts her hat on her head.
They hear a door slamming in the next room.
Mortimer rushes into the room and throws his hat on a chair.
Before the door closes back, we can hear him singing : Abby is still looking for Mortimer's note, and, in a drawer, she finds a piece of paper that seems to annoy her.
Then he realizes he has been rude, and picks it up again.
He slams the door on her, and rushes to the telephone.
Gibbs takes off his hat.
He puts his hat back on the table and sits down.
Gibbs grabs his hat and runs to the front door.
Gibbs gets out and slams the door.
He puts the hat on his head.
The hat is ostensibly to large for him.
Abby points to the hat, but can't talk.
Abby picks up Mr. Hoskins' hat.
More knocks at the door.
The two men put their glasses down on the table He takes his hat off.
She points to the door.
He goes out, slamming the door behind him.
Jonathan and Einstein pretend they are standing up, but they immediately sit back in their chairs.
Knocking at the door.
Jonathan slams the door and locks it.
He rushes into his room and slams the door.
Elaine rushes through the cellar door, screaming.
Mortimer stands up and goes to Jonathan Jonathan throws Mortimer's money on the floor.
Mortimer takes a fork on the table and stabs Jonathan's leg with it.
Mortimer stops him.
He mimes the cutting of his own throat, and takes Mortimer's hand to throw him out.
He opens the door to throw him out.
Knocking on the door.
Knocks at the door.
He takes out his gun and points it at the door.
O'Hara puts his gun back in his holster and welcomes his colleagues.
Mortimer jumps on his chair and try to scream through his gag.
Einstein, watching this heated fight, moves back to the upper floor.
Brophy immediately comes behind him and hits him with his stick.
Witherspoon slams the door.
He gets into his room and slams the door behind him.
His eyes burn with hatred.
The Felix Regiment warriors slash ruthlessly with short swords -- slicing a path of sheer destruction through the Germans -- but the Germans fight with equal brutality -- and the Germans also fight with the desperation of a hopeless last chance -- they pull and spear Roman soldiers off horses whenever they can -- Maximus spins his horse and swings his sword with expert efficiency -- a spear stabs through the neck of his horse and it immediately collapses forward -- Maximus sails over the horse's head and crashes to the muddy ground -- he jumps up and is in the midst of the battle -- The flaming arrows and exploding fire pots create a ferocious inferno everywhere around the battle -- the flames silhouetting the fighting -- On the ground, Maximus proves his absolute worth as a warrior -- he hacks and dodges -- ghastly images of true ancient warfare -- Maximus' eyes burn with a zealous fire as he fights for his life -- He finds he is momentarily at a terrible disadvantage -- Germans are surrounding him from all sides -- as he fights he looks for an advantage -- for his soldiers -- for anything -- he is doomed -- Then -- an almost mystical image -- Maximus' wolf leaps through a wall of flame -- "The Wolf of Rome" savages several Germans around Maximus -- giving him the help he needed.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Quintus is waking Maximus -- Maximus leaps up and throws on a cloak, strides out with Quintus...  Dead of night.
A beat.
A beat.
Dead.
His home and his vineyards have been destroyed.
He stops at Maximus.
The Andabatae immediately race for the chained teams and the battle is on.
Vibius spins into action -- dragging the weeping Scribe after him as he circles opponents and fights -- the Scribe is almost instantly killed -- Vibius immediately hacks through the Scribe's wrist and frees himself, as Proximo surely intended.
Their wagon stops -- hopelessly stuck in a massive traffic jam of chariots, wagons and sedan chairs.
Commodus stops.
Lucius runs to a map and stabs his finger at Achaea.
Lucilla shuts the door after him.
Maximus immediately goes to a window and looks out.
Maximus immediately dives onto a passing chariot and kills the charioteer and archer -- he dramatically leaps from the front of the chariot to a lead horse and cuts it free.
Maximus stops.
A beat.
A beat.
He beckons to Juba, they go, shutting the door behind them.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
The sound of the door being bolted shut on the other side.
He stops a few feet from Tiger.
Maximus and Tiger fight -- swirling action -- finally, Maximus has the edge -- he circles so that the sun stabs into Tiger's eyes -- then Maximus lunges forward under Tiger's swinging sword and SLAMS into him -- they fall -- a tiger swats at Maximus' face -- he jerks his head back -- he shoots out a leg and kicks Tiger's sword toward one of the tigers -- it is out of reach -- Maximus leaps up and stands over the winded Tiger, sword to his throat.
Then one of Tiger's corners suddenly cheats -- they completely release a tiger -- it leaps for Maximus -- Maximus barely has time to turn -- the tiger crashes into him -- its claws slashing into his back, cutting through his leather armor -- Maximus shoves an armored forearm into the tiger's jaws and stabs with his sword -- Tiger takes this chance to pull himself up -- one of his corners throws him another sword -- the crowd boos -- Maximus wrestles with the tiger -- spinning it around with superhuman effort so it is always between himself and Tiger -- so that Tiger can't get at him -- Maximus finally kills the tiger and leaps for Tiger -- he quickly disarms him and tosses him to the ground -- Maximus stands over him -- ready to administer the coup de grace.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
The crowd goes mad with pleasure.
The crowd waits for the famous act.
Maximus salutes the Giant and tosses down his sword, refusing to kill.
And the crowd goes mad.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Hears the screams.
Glaring.
A moving car carrying two Cuban males disgorges a rumpled, screaming woman, Rose Cheramie, a whore in her thirties, lying there bleeding in the dirt.
It's as if the air itself has been sucked from the silent room.
He is burly, in his 30s - his expression universal for that day.
Jack Martin is a thin, mousy man in his mid - 50's, wearing a Dick Tracy hat.
A surly young man, 24, he claims to the press: The room bursts out with an accumulated fury at the young Oswald - a tremendous release of tension.
He flies into a rage.
Lou looks at Jim, angry.
Arrests are made.
A scared Jack Martin, three years older than when last seen, still wearing the Dick Tracy hat, sucks up coffee like a worm does moisture.
A dozen Cubans follow Ferrie downstairs into the street, and pile into several cars, duffels thrown in with them.
Whatever truth he may be telling is necessarily compromised by an attitude that could be destroyed in court.
Liz is shutting down the house.
Numa makes violent signals to shut up - not to talk - sticking the microphone in front of Jim.
Hundreds of mice squeal in their cages, upset by the invasion of men and light.
He wears a hat, suit, and tie.
We catch a glimpse of Julia Ann Mercer, 23, driving, then stopping traffic.
Her eyes lock with Ruby's a second time and as the traffic moves, she drives on.
Lou cocks the Mannlicher for the first shot.
A terrible aloneness pervades their minds.
FLASHBACK TO Oswald, under arrest, meeting with Quigley.
He storms out.
Jim, visibly shaken, slams his book down on the desk in frustration.
Jim pursues her like an angry spirit, yelling up the stairs at her.
Once more into the slaughter.
A furious wrestling match ensues.
Jackie is like a crawling animal in a pillbox hat on the back of the car.
CUT TO: the second floor.
They are surrounded by an angry crowd.
As the sloops enter the narrow channel between the slips one student from each boat jumps onto the dock where he or she sets about tying off the boat.
As they near the school's entrance, they come upon a beat-to-shit VW bug -- stalled at a stop sign.
Kelly jumps out, punches in a code.
Sam, perched in the pilot's seat of a beat-to-shit old air boat, rips through the Florida swamp land.
She throws her head back -- an explosion of hair -- gasps -- an orgasm is near, as...
Sandra moves to stand over her, angry now.
Her mother continues to stand over her, suddenly more perplexed than angry.
Sandra slams a fist on the conference table.
Gloria and Ray watch as Hunter gets up and leaves the room.
The door swings shut.
Sam drops his sail, leaving himself just enough momentum to cruise expertly into the little channel then into the slip.
A deserted two-lane road cuts through the swamp.
Hunter bangs out of the room.
At which point, Suzie stops, turns to face the room. of a jail SLAMS shut on Sam Lombardo.
Baxter mumbles a curse.
The door swings shut behind him.
Suzie cones in fast, grabs the phone, punches out a number.
PULL BACK to REVEAL -- Gloria, Ray, Hunter watch the tape.
He slams the stop/tape.
Ray stops as Hunter brings the palm of his hand down on the table a loud SLAP.
Ray walks to the door, jerks it open -- Sam, angry, sits in the corridor with a uniformed officer.
The officer and Hunter restrain him.
Suzie laughs, pulls a bottle of Mad Dog 20/20 from the bag.
He breaks off as Ray kneels over a big flat rock.
Ray sits in his truck, picks up his cellular, punches in a number.
He stops himself, calms down.
Sandra chokes back a sob.
His hands are clasped behind his back.
The bathroom door is ajar, the room leaking steam.
She screams, backs away, then watches as Ray stops, wraps a hanky around his hand and breaks the glass.
Outside: a CHAOTIC DEVELOPING-WORLD CITY- the street filled with RIOTERS- SMASHING, BURNING.
Mal COCKS the gun at Arthur's temple.
Mal aims at Arthur's other leg...  Cobb SPRINGS for the table, SKIDDING along its polished surface- he GRABS his gun- SHOOTS ARTHUR BETWEEN THE EYES- Arthur DROPS- the room starts to SHUDDER in a MASSIVE EARTHQUAKE- Cobb SPRINGS for the door- Arthur's eyes stare at the ceiling, DEAD, and we- Arthur's EYES OPEN as he WAKES IN THE ARMCHAIR- he GRABS at the tubes at his wrist, YANKING them free- FLUID spurts from the tubes as Arthur STRUGGLES with the SILVER CASE on the bathroom floor.
Arthur grabs the case and pushes through the door to the bedroom- following the tubes to where they meet Saito's wrist- SAITO LIES ON THE BED ASLEEP.
The CEILING CRACKS above Saito- he looks up as a TON of STONE floods down, CRUSHING HIM and we- Saito's eyes FLICKER OPEN.
He stares at it PUZZLED- bullets hit around him as the Guards race up the stairs and we- Cobb in SLOW MOTION, hits the WATER- head THRASHING as he goes under- and we- Cobb glances up from the paper as WATER EXPLODES IN THROUGH Cobb's AWAKE, GULPING AIR, getting his bearings.
Saito SMASHES into the room, KNOCKING Nash down- Cobb LAUNCHES himself out of the tub, FLYING dripping wet across the room to SLAM Saito against the door- the gun DROPS, Cobb's fist CONNECTS with Saito's jaw and the struggle is over.
Todashi slips a pair of HEADPHONES over Nash's ears, then pulls out an MP3 player and we- Saito's eyes are on the floor.
VIOLENT NOISES echo up the stairway...
Arthur looks at his watch, its Cobb GRABS SAITO AND PUTS HIS HEAD TO THE FLOOR, gun pressed into his cheek.
Saito turns to Nash- Saito turns back to Cobb, BUT COBB HAS VANISHED- Saito SPINS back to Nash- the DOOR SMASHES OFF ITS HINGES AS GONE.
Arthur is in his face, furious.
Arthur SLAMS the silver case shut.
Rubs it.
Then DOWNS his drink- A KNOCK at the door.
Cobb GRABS the top, the gun- MOVES to the door- cracks it: Arthur.
Arthur picks at a salad, angry.
She GRABS the pad, frustrated...  but this time she FLIPS it over and starts drawing on the BLANK CARDBOARD of the back.
Cobb reaches for Ariadne's arm, turns her to him- A passerby GRABS Ariadne's shoulder- More of the crowd join in, PULLING at Ariadne, holding her arms open- Cobb PULLS people off- the crowd PUSHES him away- Cobb sees someone WALKING PURPOSEFULLY through the crowd towards the helpless, Ariadne- it is Mal.
Cobb gets to his feet, Ariadne stares at him, furious.
Eames takes his money.
An AFRICAN MAN gets in Cobb's face, jabbering at him in Swahili- Cobb considers his options...  the First Businessman DRAWS A GUN- Cobb bolts, steps up on a table and out an open window, SCRAMBLING into the alley outside... Cobb LOOKS left, right...  CUTS LEFT into a narrow, CROWDED alley- the alley NARROWS TO A DEAD END.
DISTURBED.
Arthur shrugs, frustrated.
MAURICE LASHES OUT, KNOCKING things from his bedside table.
Cobb shuts the CAGE DOOR.
Behind him, Ariadne SLAMS the grill shut.
A STRUGGLE.
Mal picks up the BROKEN STEM of a champagne flute...  Cobb PULLS Ariadne into the elevator- Mal THROWS herself towards Ariadne- Cobb SLAMS the GRILL- Mal SMASHES against it AGAIN and AGAIN like a WILD ANIMAL- Ariadne FLINCHES- Cobb pushes a button and the elevator starts to rise.
The CABDRIVER gets out, fuming.
Cobb has HEARD the GUNFIRE- Cobb looks ahead to the AMBUSH, hits the gas- the sedan ROCKETS forwards...  but BAM- A FREIGHT TRAIN CLIPS THE FRONT A SECOND S.U.V. is behind the cab- PLAIN CLOTHES SECURITY MEN advance through the traffic, weapons trained on the cab.
Bullets RIP into the cab as Eames throws himself on top of Fischer, PULLING a SACK over his head- Inside the sedan, Ariadne watches the train passing- Cobb BACKS UP, SPINS around, heading for the tail of the train- A Security Man emerges from the front S.U.V. carrying an AUTOMATIC RIFLE- he steps towards the cab through the rain, raises his weapon and BLASTS THE CAB'S WINDSCREEN- Cobb clears the end of the train, and SKIDS across the tracks- Arthur CROUCHES down- PUSHES the accelerator with his HAND- YANKS the wheel- FLYING BLIND.
The cab NAILS the Security Man, CRUNCHING into the front S.U.V.- Cobb SMASHES his car into the rear S.U.V., creating a GAP- Arthur YANKS the transmission and REVERSES- SCRAPING through the gap- Security Men DIVE out of the way- Arthur throws a ragged J-turn to head down a SIDE STREET- Cobb follows in the other car.
Cobb JUMPS out of the sedan, furious.
He's dying!
Cobb shakes his head, frustrated.
Shuts the phone.
And we- Yusuf FIGHTS the wheel as the van CUTS DOWN AN ALLEY, BUMPING OVER POTHOLES and SMASHING TRASH CANS aside- THREE S.U.V.s IN FURIOUS PURSUIT.
And we- At the end of the alley-   Yusuf THROWS the van into a HARD RIGHT TURN- we move into   EXTREME SLOW MOTION...  THE SLEEPERS CENTRIFUGAL FORCE... and   we- The liquid in Fischer's drink RISES UP AGAINST ONE SIDE OF THE GLASS- Fischer notices, confused.
As Fischer considers this we- Yusuf STRAIGHTENS UP the van, RACING down the street, swerving through traffic and we- The building gradually EASES BACK INTO ALIGNMENT- The bar patrons start to ignore Cobb again.
Cobb hurries Fischer up the stairs- then PUSHES him into- Fischer stumbles in- turns to Cobb, angry- Cobb reaches into his jacket- the First Man BURSTS in- Cobb KICKS him to the ground- DRAWS his gun as the SECOND MAN comes through the door, moving towards Fischer- BLAM! Cobb BLASTS the Second Man in the back- TURNS and SHOOTS the First Man.
Eames shuts the door.
A key goes into the lock- the door starts to open- Arthur REACHES OVER and GRABS the person entering, THROWS THEM TO THE FLOOR- puts his gun in their face.
Devastated.
A GUNSHOT slams into the van as Yusuf DRIVES- he glances back to see a MOTORCYCLE pulling up behind him, the REAR PASSENGER FIRING A SHOTGUN- the bike pulls alongside Yusuf's window as the passenger RELOADS- Yusuf YANKS the wheel TOWARDS the bike, bringing the shotgun barrel into the cab so he can GRAB it, spin the wheel back- PULLING the passenger from the back of the bike... Yusuf turns a corner, heading into a disused Arthur walks towards the elevator.
Up ahead, an S.U.V. sits in a side road, lining up to head off the van- the SECURITY MAN driving the S.U.V. guns it, as the bike creeps up on the other side of the van- Yusuf HITS THE BRAKES, forcing the bike out into the path of the S.U.V., tossing the rider like a rag doll- Heading out of the market, the van races onto a FREEWAY ON RAMP, approaching the BRIDGE.
An S.U.V. SMASHES into the van's side, FORCING it up against a CRASH BARRIER...  the van starts to SLOWLY TILT OVER THE BARRIER as the S.U.V. PUSHES- As Arthur hurries down the corridor, the corridor starts to TILT, and Arthur is forced to run UP ONTO THE WALL- he rounds a corner- STRAIGHT INTO another Security Man- Arthur HEAD BUTTS him and they STRUGGLE- as they struggle, the corridor SPINS around, THROWING THEM UP ONTO THE WALLS, THE CEILING- as wall becomes floor they DROP through a door into- The fight continues all over the spinning room- and we- SLEEPING ARTHUR BOUNCES around as the van TILTS, SCRAPING along the barrier- the van CLEARS THE END OF THE BARRIER AND ROLLS DOWN THE EMBANKMENT, and we- Arthur and the Security Man DROP to the floor, Arthur on top.
The Security Man inside starts FIRING on the van...  Arthur RACES down the steps- OPENS the door to the fourth floor- spots SECURITY MEN outside room 491.
Yusuf hits PLAY- Edith Piaf's "Non, je ne regrette rien" starts up and we- Arthur STOPS, hearing something- MASSIVE LOW-END MUSICAL TONES- he looks up PANICKED- SHOTS slam into the stairs around him and we- Cobb and Ariadne make their way down towards the complex.
Arthur PUSHES him over the edge- he falls- Arthur races up to the fourth floor- throws open the door- and we- In SLOW MOTION- the van SMASHES THROUGH THE CONCRETE BARRIER- and we- Arthur is SPRINTING down the corridor when a TREMENDOUS CRASH sends him FLYING into the air- and we- A MASSIVE RUMBLE prompts Cobb to look across the valley- Eames shoots out of the trees, then FALLS to the snow as he sees a great CRACKING up ahead- the SLOPE IS FALLING AWAY IN Saito hears the RUMBLE above them.
In EXTREME SLOW MOTION, the van seems SUSPENDED IN MID-AIR TEN STORIES ABOVE THE RIVER...  and we- In ZERO GRAVITY, Arthur pulls himself to the door of 491, opens it.
The SQUELCH from the radio is too loud- Fischer GRABS it and turns the volume to zero as he starts to remove the grate... Eames is setting MINES along the LOWEST WALL of the structure.
He sets them, GRABS the other explosives, then PUSHES AWAY, shooting up the shaft.
Cobb COCKS his weapon, and the ELEVATOR STOPS.
And we- Arthur FLIES back down the shaft to the top of the elevator, SQUEEZES past the car to the bottom and starts to set the MAIN CHARGES ACROSS THE BOTTOM OF THE CAR, and we- Cobb touches Mal's arm- she TURNS, angry.
Comes to the doll's house...  INSERT CUT: Cobb throws open the safe doors.
He drops his gun and goes to Fischer's side...  Saito musters all his remaining strength as the guard emerges- Saito FIRES, dropping the guard, then COLLAPSES, the gun clattering to the duct floor... Saito is dead.
She STABS him in the chest- Cobb WHEEZES- GASPING, looking at Mal- Mal pulls the knife and moves to STRIKE again- A SHOT rings out, Mal GRABS her shoulder- Cobb turns to Ariadne, who is pointing Cobb's gun.
Dying.
And we- Eames GRABS the detonator- then moves to the door of the strongroom...  Arthur HITS THE DETONATOR- The CHARGES on the bottom of the elevator EXPLODE, and we move into EXTREME SLOW MOTION as the flames BALLOON- A RUMBLE BUILDS as Fischer approaches the bed, overcome with emotion.
And we- The elevator car is ROCKETED along its track by the explosion- Arthur is SMASHED against the floor of the car next to the sleepers who SHUDDER with the force of ACCELERATION- and we- Eames WATCHES Fischer- The Father collapses back onto the pillow.
Eames, watching from the door, HITS THE DETONATOR- A line of EXPLOSIONS RIPS ALONG THE LOWER WALL...  the ENTIRE A FIERCE WIND starts HOWLING through the house as the sky outside DARKENS.
Cobb holds Mal as her eyes close...  DYING... and we- Fischer and his Father's body DROP AWAY- Ariadne DROPS inside the ROCKETING ELEVATOR, and as it SMASHES INTO THE TOP OF THE SHAFT Ariadne SMASHES into- Fischer's EYES OPEN, PANICKING- he UNBUCKLES HIMSELF, pushes out of the broken window- STOPS, goes back to UNBUCKLE Browning and DRAG him out.
On an expanse of water, calm and undisturbed.
Then Harry doffs his hat.
The Drama Teacher is holding court to a group of attentive students.
Ernest and the Drama Teacher stand at Frances' side.
She is motionless...  Furious.
She flings open the bathroom door and finds him: Dick from drama class.
A furious water battle ensues.
She hangs up, lowers her gun as Dick squirts her.
The brim of his hat hits her forehead.
Judge Hillier is fuming.
An exit door is thrown open, and Frances storms out.
Immediately the phone rings again.
As she feels the anger coursing through her body she realizes what he's talking about.
She's glaring at him.
Her eyes fill with rage.
The Cop, angry now, lunges in and grabs the keys.
They struggle.
The Cop, angry now, hurls her down again and manages to get the cuffs on.
The Cop, winded from the battle, yanks her to her feet and drags her, kicking and screaming, to his motorcycle.
Beat.
She slams down the phone.
She walks to her dressing room as the Director explodes anew.
She storms out.
A loud POUNDING at the door.
The POUNDING at the door becomes violent.
They slide the door shut.
Frances throws herself at the door of the booth.
Harry pulls the door shut.
The Attendant staggers toward Harry, who knocks him down with two punches.
She yells and struggles violently but a piercing SCREAM stops her.
Frances is dragged kicking and screaming down the shiny linoleum-covered hallway.
Frances is pushed inside and the door locks shut with a resounding click.
We HEAR the door lock behind them.
Lillian waits until Frances has shut her door before closing hers.
She eases the door shut behind her, tiptoes down the steps and, without looking back, starts down the road.
The car stops.
We HEAR A CAR PULL UP outside and stop.
Doors slam.
We HEAR their cheering and laughing and joking, slapping each other on the back.
Frances keeps reciting as one rapist gets off.
She lies down.
Beat.
top.location.href=location.href
Hannah, still laughing, playfully pushes the accusing finger away.
She reacts.
Mickey and Gail walk over to the angry writer, Ed forgotten with this new crisis.
Mickey, still in surprised shock, turns away from the angry writer.
He sighs again as Gail, frustrated, gestures impatiently to the papers on the desk.
Holly follows him, chuckling, throwing her napkin into an offscreen garbage can as David stops at a small television set near the doorway.
Evan is back in the doorway, listening to Norma, getting more and more angry.
People pass by as Mickey walks back and forth from the curb to Holly, growing angrier and angrier.
Holly slams the door.
Elliot angrily throws his napkin on the table.
She sobs hysterically, staggering offscreen to the bathroom; she shuts the door.
Father Flynn puts the books on top of Mickey's pile; Mickey, flipping through the top one, awkwardly carries his bundle to the door.
Norma steps back out of the kitchen, the door swinging shut behind her.
Elliot slams the medicine cabinet shut.
The gun goes off with a loud bang.
He screams.
Leevio screams.
People scream, falling to the ground, scrambling under tables.
A chunk of BRICK EXPLODES from the wall just behind Bain's head as he drops behind the row of parked cars along the curb.
The driver screams trying to pull free of Bain's grip.
Bain stabs the Cop again, his GUN FIRING WILDLY as -- The patrol car starts to flip and roll.
He shrieks as the CAR SMASHES INTO HIS, TEARING OFF HIS The cabby jumps out, rattling off a string of obscenities.
Rath holds his gun cocked beneath his coat.
Bain throws open the door, about to run, but stops.
He points his gun at the floor where the fuel line runs.
He puts the car into drive and slides back into traffic, turning back towards Peterson.
He holds his gun up to the bulletproof glass behind Rath's head.
He looks at the gun, still trained at the floor.
He throws off his seatbelt.
Bain screams, throwing open the door and hurling himself out.
There is a BANG, a DOOR SLAMMING in another apartment, and a MAN YELLING.
Electra punches a command into a keyboard.
She starts to knock, but stops herself.
She shuts down the screens and pulls out the pager, checking the number.
She hangs up.
The five men stride through the automated terminal doors and towards a waiting limousine.
She punches a button and shoves the antennae down.
A LOUD BANG EXPLODES out of the SPEAKERS and she looks up at the monitor.
The lock on the door has been broken and standing in the frame is Bain.
She puts Nikita in her "travel kitty" and charges for the door, grabbing her coat.
Electra explodes through the door and suddenly freezes.
Rath sees the entrance for the expressway.
Electra wants to scream.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
There is another, LOUDER KNOCK which Bain hears this time.
With a concerted effort, he puts the gun away.
Electra stops.
Jennifer is bothered by her reaction and she doesn't push it.
She scrambles from the kitchen, throwing her suitcase, still clutching the "travel kitty," as -- The back DOOR EXPLODES from its hinges, Bain charging, FIRING his GUN.
She is only halfway, when -- Rath rises up the stairs, his gun cocked.
Rath continues FIRING, grabbing hold of Electra.
Her face is as expressionless as Nikita's.
She FIRES the GUN to both sides of his head.
She FIRES the GUN, pocking the wall behind him.
He starts to knock but stops himself.
On the floor, disassembled neatly on a small white towel is his cleaned gun.
Rath is upset.
His finger squeezes, the GUN ALMOST SILENT, as -- A chunk of STONE EXPLODES out the head of the statue.
She does not want to be left alone right now.
They grab at each other, kissing, both of them hungry, aggressive.
Outside of the room, we can hear the MUFFLED SOUNDS of TWO We are MOVING DOWN the street, LOW, OVER the old flagstones, TOWARDS the marble statue that Bain shot.
The skylight and ceiling at the top of this open area, has been destroyed and sunlight streams through throwing broken patterns of shadow and light onto the blackened floors and walls.
Bad.
He hurls the bottle of piss across the room.
Bain screams, pounding the butt of the gun down, splitting open the floor.
She shrieks.
The voice screams in her ear and she tears the mike off, stuffing it in her pocket.
The Official closes the case and snaps the clasps shut.
His shoulder explodes, blood spraying the black wall.
Rath hears BAIN SCREAM.
Bain FIRES up at the ceiling, the BULLET tearing through the floor, WHIZZING past Electra's head.
She leaps to her feet, throwing the gun over the balcony.
Rath grabs the gun tracking Bain hurling up the stairs to the fifth floor.
Staying hidden, Rath immediately circles towards it.
Bain screams in disbelief.
Rath hears her scream.
The workers glance up, annoyed.
He hears Carmine screaming.
CLOSE on Rhonda's hat lying on the ground.
But he's pulled with suck power the 2X4 snaps!
She's pulled flat on the ground.
She slams it after her.
The wheel rim digs into the loose earth and the car is stuck.
He charges over and yanks the kid to his feet, screaming: Pham rushes over and grabs his precious tentacle.
The monster snorts and snuffs, throwing up plumes of dust, sounding like a horrendous pig.
It sinks into the earth and charges!
Where the hell's his jacket?
She frantically starts the truck, dives down and punches the accelerator with her fist.
Miguel and Pham shut up.
She calms herself, pulling gingerly at the wire, working tensely to free herself but -- The creature's mouth slams shut on the fence.
The monster readies itself for the lunge that will suck Rhonda in.
Earl quickly eases the door shut.
But right behind Pham, the floor BUCKLES UP, a monster's snout BURSTING THROUGH and engulfing one of his legs!
Val is wild with helpless anger.
The floor bulges up in another place!
The groping tentacles swiftly suck back below the floor.
Has Val gone nuts?
The monster bullets tear monster holes in the monster.
Miguel joins in, cursing the monsters in Spanish.
Rhonda kicks and shouts.
It bends, but the frustrated monster can't get enough "bite" to tear through it.
She is filling them with gunpowder from reloading cannisters and hammering the ends shut -- they're making bombs.
The explosion throws up a big plume of dust and rocks.
What the hell is going on?
She screams as it starts to pull her down.
The bomb explodes!
Earl stands there fuming, mind racing.
Shrek, greatly annoyed, lifts his hand and snuffs out a little fire on the bed left behind by the Dronkeys.
Shrek immediately pulls the covers up over his head and starts to snore.
Shrek throws the bottle at the boat and it punches an enormous hole in the side of the hull.
Shrek lets out another frustrated sigh.
He stumbles through the crowd screaming.
Donkey stands up in frame with one eye half shut.
Shrek grabs the wig off of his head and throws it aside.
Shrek picks him up and throws him out the door.
Shrek slams the door shut.
Puss solemnly removes his hat.
Puss starts to take his hat off.
Puss puts his hat back on.
Puss takes his hat off.
She glares at him.
The door slams closed behind him.
He slams it shut behind him and closes his eyes.
Donkey and Puss pause as Shrek rants.
Snow White looks annoyed.
She struggles.
BANG!
There is a loud explosion and the door blows open.
Prince Charming becomes frustrated, he turns Pinocchio's head towards him.
Captain Hook scratches his head, even the Three Little Pigs are frustrated.
Shrek turns to Puss and Donkey, trying to shut them up.
Behind Artie, Shrek mouths "shut-up" to Puss and Donkey.
He grabs it.
Merlin throws a handful of dirt into the fire, it flares.
He sheepishly turns off the device and shuts the door.
Evil dwarves are busy painting the set.
Artie starts to sob.
Artie's blubbering becomes frustrated and unpredictable.
grabs Puss' hat.
Puss is fuming.
A large explosion is heard off-screen while Little Red Riding Hood pick pockets the Evil Dwarf.
Without looking, Prince Charming stabs the stand in, who falls to the ground.
Without looking he stabs stand in #2.
Prince Charming is still frustrated.
are tossed in as the door is slammed behind them.
busts open their cage.
This stops Artie in his tracks.
Three Evil Witches turn a lever and an Evil Dwarf blows some steam with a billow.
Prince Charming is furious.
The Evil Dwarves grab The Three Pigs.
The pirates throw theirs down, followed by the witches and Evil Knights.
Mabel walks up to Doris and lightly punches her on the jaw.
Furious, he charges Shrek and stabs him with the sword.
The crowd goes nuts.
There is a knock at the door.
The ball comes in home - cutting him off.
The guys hang - waiting for doom.
Scotty's pj'd at his erector set table, bothered and unhappy.
This stuff is too damn easy for him.
He shovels through a pair of Mickey Mouse ears - a cowboy hat - finds the closest thing he's got to a baseball cap...  a long, duck-billed fishing cap with a big embroidered trout.
He throws back the ball.
Bill throws one to Scotty.
Turns to throw - deja vu - he runs over, hands Bill the ball.
Gets it: Benny reaches behind his back.
Repeat at 3rd, stabs it effortlessly and fires to 2nd.
Bertram throws back to DeNunez.
runs to the ball, is about to throw...  runs it in to DeNunez instead. is stunned.
CRUNCH!
Suddenly, a HEATED WIND strips their masks.
He's dragged into darkness...  he SCREAMS.
CRUNCH!
DUST EXPLODES from underneath as he lies down.
He rubs it up.
The Lifeguard lays Squints flat.
The gang watches on tense as hell.
Stands up over his wimpy little form: She grabs Squints by the scruff of the neck.
The gang's with him.
Maury Wills gets ready to steal.
Maury Wills steals second.
The SAME SIZE IN FRAME as our guys at the end of the block, are set to fuses.
Snap throws.
Cocks it back.
The ultimate baseball insult.
Throw to 2nd - too late.
Bertram throws to at 2nd.
He throws to DeNunez.
The pole sails back over the fence - bounces on the asphalt with ANGRY CLANGS.
They throw eureka switch one.
They throw eureka switch three!
He grabs it.
The ball slips from Benny's fingers.
He's on the fence.
Breaks!
A MOTHER drives.
The Beast tears after him - KNOCKING the door off its hinges.
rages after him, through: of neatly arranged display booths.
He careens toward the bottom of hits it and, defying gravity, RUNS STRAIGHT UP THE GREEN jets upward, leaving smashed green fiberglass footsteps - standing out from the fence 90 degrees - the Donald O'Connor "Singin' In The Rain" trick!
sucks air - ROARS - EXPLODES from the ground - soars, gaping maw first, right for who pushes off the top of the fence.
As each play is CALLED, Mr. Mertle's hands deftly put his tiny players in the correct positions.
On the RADIO, Wills steals second.
Scotty snap throws the ball back to Bill.
A PLAYER comes out of the dugout, stripping off his warm-up jacket.
Behind him stands another man, harder looking, wearing an overcoat and hat and holding another hat--presumably Caspar's.
Back at Leo: He swipes his hat from Bluepoint.
After a beat Caspar shuts his mouth.
Tom walks to the door, putting an his hat.
She slams the door.
As the door clicks shut we cut to black, and the last of the movie's head credits.
Tom is irritated, but shrugs indif- ference.
The door clicks shut.
Tony has finished pouring a shot of whiskey which Tom immediately knocks back.
Tom is irritated: Drink in hand, Tom is already walking away.
Now Verna is irritated: He grabs her by the arm and drags her roughly to her feet.
Tom staggers back, upsetting a table of toiletries and landing against a banquette.
He leaves, shutting the door.
Frankie looks at him for a moment, then walks over to the door, opens it, and leaves, shutting it behind him.
The blow sends him staggering towards Tic-Tac, who cracks him in the jaw.
His head hits the floor with a thunk.
The door splinters in with a loud crash.
On seeing who it is she starts to swing the door shut.
We pan with the hat to where it lands on the floor, in front of a curtained window.
He staggers and his tommy gun clatters to the floor.
As he stops, squinting, raising the gun.
The shell of the car explodes in a fireball as we: The explosion echoes over the cut as we track up the hallway behind Tom and a tall cadaverous man with pre- maturely white hair.
He rises, plucks his hat from the desk and goes to the door.
Leo, without breaking stride, seems to walk right into him, throwing a punch that catches Tom on the chin and sends him stumbling back, his hat flying off.
Another man has picked up Tom's hat and now hands it to him.
clutching his hat.
Tom spins into a screaming lady in a sequined evening dress and sinks to the floor grabbing at her bodice and skirt for support.
The blow sends him stumbling over towards Tic-Tac, who kicks him down.
A fist slams into his stomach, driving him back into the phone booth, knocking his hat off of his head.
The man who hit him leans down, picks up the hat, dusts it off and hands it into the booth.
A woman screams.
A limp rag, he hits the road.
Through the windows behind them, we can see people running back and forth on the street, a fire engine racing past-- furious activity, its noise muted inside the diner.
Terry clenches a fist and draws it back to throw a punch.
After a long beat, Terry uncldnches his fist and sneers: As--CRASH--a foot enters to kick it and the door in.
The man an the floor, still alive, has started clawing himself towards his gun, a few paces away.
After a short silent beat, we hear a gun clattering to the floor outside in the hall.
Head cocked, he looks down at the man in front of him.
Bluepoint points his gun at the man's head.
After some rattling we hear the lock spring, then the door swinging open, then shut again.
He has opened the door to the flat.
The door shuts behind him.
He bolts for the door, instinctively grabbing his hat off a hook.
He throws open the door.
Tom throws open the back door.
Tom, in his overcoat and hat, is walking up to the bar.
Bluepoint watches him, then calls out to Frankie and Tic- Tac: He grabs Tom's hat off his head and flings it away.
He snaps it shut.
The foot comes off his neck.
Tom is picking up a hat from a clutter on top of a bureau.
Tom puts the hat on top of Drop's head.
The hat, too small, sits ludicrously atop his head.
He slams the door.
A beat.
Bullet hits chew up the cars and a few of the men; the others drop back down behind the cars and start returning fire.
Tom is handing the butler his hat.
Having handed the butler his coat and hat, Tom lets Caspar lead him towards a pair of double doors.
Having shut the door, Bluepoint is sauntering over to Tom.
He grabs Tom by the lapels, swings him away from the desk, and lands a punch on his chin.
He slaps him savagely.
He is scream- ing.
There is a beat.
Blood has been expelled through his nostrils over his mouth and chin.
For the first time, his tone is sharp: The two men stare at each other--Tom's look angry; Leo's, distraught.
The DIGNITARIES and PILOTS are hurled to the ground as the starship is destroyed.
AMIDALA looks angry and frustrated.
PADME and TYPHO rise as OBI-WAN and ANAKIN stop before the SENATOR.
He bites his lip in frustration and shame.
Its power shuts off!
EXPLOSIONS burst all around OBI-WAN.
ZAM WESSEL turns into oncoming traffic, deliberately trying to throw the JEDI off.
ANAKIN sticks his hand into the cockpit and, using the Force, pulls the gun out of ZAMS hand.
OBI-WAN gets slowed down by traffic and loses sight of the Bounty Hunters speeder.
There is a shrill SCREAM and ZAM'S ARM hits the floor.
Steam billows out from the kitchen hatch behind the counter as a huge head pokes through.
ANAKIN and PADME stop at the balustrade.
Beyond is the shimmering expanse of the lake.
He is pulling a stupid face at her.
She struggles.
He mutters to himself.
He punches up AN ONSCREEN PICTURE of JANGO FETT and BOBA FETT unhitching the lines securing their ship to the landing platform.
JANGO FETT draws his gun and fires at the charging JEDI.
OBI-WAN punches it out of his hand.
IN THE COCKPIT, BOBA FETT watches as: OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT grapple and fight, punching, kicking, grabbing hold, and throwing each other around.
OBI-WAN grabs JANGO FETT tightly, and JANGO FETT rockets up into the air and kicks OBI-WAN loose.
Locked together, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT plummet down toward the raging ocean.
He punches buttons.
IN JANGO'S COCKPIT, they see the huge explosion as Obi-Wan's ship appears to smash into the asteroid.
OBI-WAN stabs the creature, throws it off of him, and jumps up.
Jeers.
It knocks the post flat, sending OBI-WAN sprawling.
The chasing ACKLAY smashes into the ORRAY.
In the archducal box: In the arena, OBI-WAN runs out from behind the fallen ORRAY and throws the spear at the ACKLAY, hitting it in the neck.
It lets out a terrible SCREECH and turns on him.
The TWO MONSTERS fight.
COUNT DOOKU motions for the bounty hunter to ptay put.
The GEONOSIAN TROOPS fire ray guns that are more difficult for the JEDI to deflect.
They have killed heaps of GEONOSIANS and have kncoked out piles of DROIDS, but sheer numbers are telling.
The Gunship slows, circling over a droid gun-emplacement.
He stops on the smoke-filled threashold, FOUR DROIDS lined up on either side of him, guns pointed.
All around him flatboatmen, whores, gamblers, black African freedmen.
A gambler at the table stands in fury, over turning money, cards, drinks.
A pockmarked pimp follows behind.
the whore screams and Lestat's other hand clamps over her mouth.
Louis grabs his pistol from the table and cocks it.
The overseer turns and comes towards them, with the bloodied whip.
In a quiet rage, Lestat raise his fist and shatters the marble face stone, revealing a coffin below.
He spits in fury at Louis. Louis throws himself on Lestat with extraordinary force, pummeling him towards the trees.
He hears the scream.
Lestat spits out in anger.
The drumming stops.
He's getting hungry.
She screams. Louis stands.
They rush up the stairs with shouts of "STOP HIM, HE'S MAD".
He is weakening with the fumes, the heat.
Darkness.
Louis lying on the floor of a large crypt.
The girl screams.
Then Lestat, in a fit of pique puts his teeth to her neck.
Claudia lies there, angelic, under the coverlet, two marks on her neck.
Claudia stops.
Louis takes him, lifting him from the floor, till his feet stop kicking.
Lestat stares wildly at her, tries to move towards her, then slips to the floor.
Blood explodes from it.
The floor is a sea of blood.
There is a knocking on the door.
She screams. Louis walking to the door.
The knocking gets louder.
The knocking gets louder.
She screams - But Louis has opened the door.
Louis throws his body against the door, slamming it on Lestat's reaching hand.
Louis is furious.
Armand throw her a look, and she is flung against the wall.
He opens a hidden door in the wall.
Claudia screams. Louis grips Madeleine and shakes her.
Looks up and screams.
Claudia screams.
Indifference.
Louis turns round and round in rage.
A door bangs open and shut. Louis looks again at Lestat.
Armand appears, drags Louis free, pulls him screaming from the airwell, into the ballroom, towards the exit.
We hear EXPLOSIONS of fire from above.
Rises from her burning coffin, screams and tries to run through the fire but Louis slashes her down with the scythe and she goes down screaming, her dress in flames.
Screams from everywhere.
SCREAMS come from everywhere.
He sees - Lestat lying on the floor.
His clothes are rags.
His eyes are expressionless.
Louis is slowly horrified, then outraged and angry.
The swimmer stops, pulls off his goggles.
Four cardinals were kidnapped from their quarters inside the Vatican some time between three and five a.m. this morning.
Shit, this guy's good.
Langdon checks his watch, getting irritated.
Langdon stops in his tracks.
Mortati bristles at the thinly-veiled insult.
Satisfied, Mr. Gray CLICKS the briefcase shut and slides it under the table, tucking it up against the wall.
The doors SLAM on a Vatican police car and the tires SQUEAL as Olivetti hits the gas.
Vittoria pulls the gun from her waistband and holds it in front of her.
She looks at him --- what are you, nuts?
Vittoria and Langdon hear the SCREAMS.
She bends down, arches his neck, closes her mouth over his, and blows air into his lungs.
A book drops onto a table, pages flip by, Langdon studies it, SLAMS it shut.
And now three things happen in quick succession: -- Langdon SLAMS the ledger shut, -- the ribbons on the air vent fall as the oxygen into the vault is cut off, and -- one by one, ALL THE LIGHTS IN THE ARCHIVES GO OUT.
Now he puts everything he has into it, straining like hell.
slips the gun out of the holster and hefts it.
(Pow.)
Set their flashlights on the floor.
Langdon and Chartrand stagger down the front steps of the Vatican Archives, where they're immediately met by three Vatican Police cars.
Olivetti looks at him   -- what are you, an idiot?
With three sharp CRACKS, Olivetti fires into the lock in the front door of the church.
He touches it, more annoyed than anything.
Langdon has crawled as close as he dares to the raging fire, and the sleeve of his shirt is ablaze.
Bullets SHATTER the glass of an elevated crypt, three feet off the floor.
Dead end.
They shut down a hose and stop, listening.
They SHOUT in Italian to the others, now everybody shuts down their hoses and listens.
His weighted body sinks immediately to the bottom.
Langdon looks at him, then down at the body in the fountain, then back up at Mr. Gray-- -- who salutes him --- -- the van door SLAMS shut, and the van tears ass out of there.
Roman Police snap into action, flashlight beams bounce everywhere, guns point in every possible window of the van, SHOUTS for whoever's inside to get the hell out now, now, now.
Langdon can't help himself: Vittoria looks at Langdon like he's nuts.
the car door SLAMS.
AN ANGRY SHOUT from behind the door draws their attention --what the hell is going on in there?
With a ROAR of anger, he starts to POUND on the door.
Langdon looks at Rocher in utter disbelief.
Crosses himself.
Ceiling tiles fall and SMASH on the floor inside St. Peter's, statues topple.
Contemptuous.
Angry.
BEAT.
BEAT.
She hangs up.
She stands up, heads for the door -- the teacher calls after her -- but she's gone.
BEAT.
She rolls closer to Dirk and pulls him into She goes down on him, unzips his pants and pulls out his cock.
Dirk stops.
Dirk CHARGES at his Mother and SLAMS her against the wall.
He walks over -- inside the semi-circle, on the pavement, Little Bill's Wife is getting fucked by some BIG DUDE.
The other WATCHERS join in telling Little Bill to "Shut up."
He walks over to the driveway and watches Little Bill's Wife get fucked.
He slaps her ass.
She pulls his cock out of his fly, looks at it.
He stops, does a KARATE KICK and turns -- FREEZE FRAME.
TITLE READS: DIRK DIGGLER as BROCK LANDERS Various other footage of Reed, running down the street, firing a gun and knocking people down.
Little Bill's WIFE is getting FUCKED DOGGY STYLE by yet ANOTHER YOUNG STUD.
People begin counting off to the New Year -- Little Bill walks into the house, down the hallway -- Little Bill arrives at the Bathroom door and SMASHES IT OPEN: His Wife and the Young Stud are still fucking . . .
He slams the phone down.
He unzips his pants, looks down at his cock.
Amber motions to Rollergirl, who gets up and SLAMS THE DOOR.
The DOOR to the BEDROOM IS SMASHED OPEN by Jerome -- he GRABS her by the hair of her head and throws her across the room and into the KITCHEN.
Jerome LEANS DOWN AND PUNCHES BECKY IN THE FACE.
BEAT.
Dirk rants and raves, verging on tears, circling the car.
The College Kid looks a little pissed, Rollergirl pushes him off; The College Kid pulls his pants on.
He freaks out.
He starts to BEAT the shit out of him . . .
Dirk's hand touches his cock and he starts to masturbate a little.
Dirk tries harder and faster but only gets more frustrated.
The FOUR SURFER PUNKS drag Dirk from the car and proceed to beat the shit out of him.
Kicking and punching him, calling out; They continue to yell and scream and kick and punch Dirk and eventually peel out of the parking lot.
ECU - Dirk's car keys grabbed off the table.
BEAT . . .
TODD reaches hold of his gun, crouches for cover and FIRES a bullet STRAIGHT INTO the Bodyguard . . .
VINCENT is screaming and kicking her way through labor.
We hear a BABY pop out, kicking and screaming.
JUDGE Veronica Hart LAWYER Jack Riley AMBER'S HUSBAND John Doe SURFER Cannon Roe SURFER PUNKS Mike Gunther Michael Raye Smith Michael Scott Stencil DONUT BOY Dustin Courtney MAN WITH GUN Allan Graf PUERTO RICAN KID Jose Chaidez RAHAD'S BODYGUARD B. Philly Johnson RAHAD JACKSON Alfred Molina COSMO (RAHAD'S BOY.) Joe G.M. Chan TYRONE Goliath MAURICE'S BROTHERS Israel Juarbe George Anthony Rae DOCTOR Eric Winzenried HOT TRAXX DANCERS Sharon Ferrol Anne Fletcher Scott Fowler Melanie A. Gage Eddie Garcia Sebastian LaCause Lance MacDonald Diane Mizota Nathan Frederic Prevost Lisa E. Ratzin Dee Dee Weathers Darrel W. Wright.
She feels the fit.
Beside them the COACH, yelling at the players.
Jeffrey runs in circles like an idiot (and not unlike a chicken.),
Grueller screams.
A few people look up, annoyed, as they approach the counter.
Still waiting to throw up.
Buffy stops.
Her key in the door, she hears a RUSTLING behind her.
Merrick stops.
Buffy shuts the door, turns to go up to her room.
Mom taps her watch, annoyed.
She crosses to him.
Merrick is thrown off by this reaction.
Buffy punches him in the face.
Buffy stops.
As they cavort, the CAMERA TRACKS behind the counter, where we find the clerk, bloody and dead, slumped on the floor.
Merrick slams a stake right through the middle of it.
She is wearing much more functional, cool garb, and less makeup, while they still sport the same dainty shit from the beginning.
The BUZZING STOPS.
Before he can so much as grab it, Buffy throws a roundhouse kick, driving the stake all the way home with her foot.
The vampire screams, sinks to the ground.
Andy stops and grabs her from behind.
He picks up a battered guitar case and stuffs it into the car, shuts the door.
The headlights trap the hungry scowl of the vampires as Pike pops the car in reverse, smashing into the back two vampires.
Pike continues to bullet down the street as a hand suddenly punches through the roof, grabbing at him.
He hits him again.
Without missing a beat, Buffy picks up the guitar and snaps the neck off.
Thrashing about the room in hysterics, screaming and snarling, banging his one fist on the boiler tank.
Lothos grabs him, throws him up against the wall.
Amilyn still fumes, quietly.
Buffy begins stripping off her bloody clothes, leaving on a tank-top and jeans.
The coach yells at the players.
And Grueller is coming at him too, throwing other players right and left.
She finally hits a pile of bricks and is thrown headlong from the bike.
His voice is no longer passionless; it boils up from hell.
On his knees, Lothos' hand firmly locked around his throat.
She storms out.
Nicole and Kimberly stand by the punch bowl, chatting.
She picks up a glass of punch.
A couple of students run for the inner door but it is locked shut from the other side.
A STUDENT runs staggering in, blood spurting from his neck.
The door shuts behind her.
Leaping, throwing kicks, punches, and the odd stake, she manages to scatter them enough to make a run for it.
Another makes it in and is smashed on the head repeatedly by Andy.
Kimberly screams.
Off balance, she is almost out the window before Kimberly can react, and all Kim can do is scream.
It's about to plant one on her neck when Pike stabs it in the back.
The door is locked.
She smashes it in with her shoulder.
He kicks her again.
Amilyn spins, dying rage in his eyes.
He grabs her.
She throws a few punches at Lothos, but he takes them without flinching.
He is thrown momentarily by her insolence.
The SCREAM fills the hall.
Buffy looks directly into his eyes, the mad rictus of his face.
Despite the shadows, it's plain the Man With The Hat is in his prime, full of vigor and impatience.
stand watching -- grim, furious.
Karl punches line three, picks up his phone.
The SHOTGUN GOES OFF and BLOWS away part of the back WALL -- BOTTLES EXPLODE -- Storm locks the Punk's fingers into the gun, rotates the gun as a bar, breaking the Punk's arm.
These pour stupid Punks have become the instruments in his spontaneous orchestra.
Storm ducks, goes to his knees, and uses the gun to foot- sweep the Punk.
We see the leg held in Storm's arms begin to twist ...  and with a blood-curdling scream we hear a LOUD SNAP.
He punches this tape into the deck.
Punches " eject," the tape pops half-out.
Suddenly LOUD and VIOLENT CRASH and the bedroom door is kicked in.
Felicia is now hysterically screaming -- but not for long -- as she is mortally wounded.
There is a LOUD CRACK and   scream as he lands on his head and neck, and then -- from   the side, point-blank --another ferocious SHOTGUN BLAST --   Storm is blown into the air and back onto the bed from   which he came.
being BLASTED.
A controlled chaos  of AD LIB status reports and queries from them overlaps  as the doors swing shut behind them.
Storm blows a sigh of frustration.
His body won't do what his brain tells it!
In half-paralyzed rage he struggles to move his limbs, open and close his hands -- An accident case being hurried in from an ambulance.
He's heading back -- frustrated, angry out toward the hall when...  the elevator BELL DINGS.
He punches the call button.
Wild stabs.
Looks to see what he finally pushed ...  Shit! -- the 3RD FLOOR button.
A large sign reads: "GANG   WEAPONS SEIZED IN ONE WEEK!" Trent picks an AK-47 off the table and stuffs it theatrically into a huge TRASH CAN.
The stage flooded with shooting, fist-fighting men.
The cane slips and he falls flat on his face.
Boom! Falls flat again.
Fury, frustration, despair -- grabs his arm and helps him back onto the couch.
Ford's foot slides the door shut.
Storm in frustration at the table.
Both she and Andy look frustrated, irritated.
In frustration, he slams an elbow punch into a piece of gym equipment -- furiously venting rage!
He slams another furious punch.
Storm stalks in, slamming the door behind him -- crosses in fury and despair to the desk.
Storm strides in, punches the garage door button; the door starts to open.
Storm SHUTS OFF the MOTOR.
As he steps to the floor, a man's silhouette MOVES INTO FRAME behind him.
He dives with her as - The TOP of the FRONT DOOR EXPLODES inward in a SHOWER of flying GLASS!
Three more point-blank SHOTOGUN BLASTS BLOW the rest of the DOOR to hell.
Storm FIRES his .45
He struggles with his pain and rage.
Then to the piece of shit they're driving.
Storm glowers with fury.
He is armed.
Storm:.
People scream.
People scream.
Cracking his neck.
Holland and Dunne exchange furious glares.
The balls ricochet into each other and the cushions in a futile expression of rage and frustration.
As he backs out of the toilet, he pulls his pistol from his shoulder holster, cocking it.
Trent is too smart for this shit ...  he's probably on a jet to the Bahamas by now.
Clearing another ridge, the helicopters plunge into a steep descent, turning quickly into a DEEP-WALLED CANYON, the force of the turn accentuated by the changing PITCH of the screaming turbines and the biting of rotors into the air.
Grinning, Blain proffers the plug to each man, each one refusing; they've done it a thousand times.
Then, to Billy: Blain feeds the magazine of BELTED-SHELLS into the weapon, cocking it.
Mac's face is menacing, angry.
Dillon's eyes are wide and fixed, staring back in cold hatred at Mac, controlling his rage... he knows the rules.
The door flies open as a HOSTAGE, shirtless, hands tied behind his back, staggers through the door as if kicked from behind.
Kneeling beside the man he withdraws an AUTOMATIC from his holster and cocks the hammer.
Grabbing the man by the hair he jams the muzzle into the man's ear and with a violent twist, pulls the trigger.
Turning to investigate, the huge, hamhock fist of Mack smashes into his throat.
The expanding FIREBALL released from the explosion is to the Observer like an erupting sun, momentarily blinding him.
The truck is BLOWN up into the air by the explosion...  a moment later the satchel charge DETONATES with an ear-splitting EXPLOSION, tearing the truck apart.
Ramirez cuts loose a barrage from the SIX-SHOOTER...  seconds later the MACHINE GUN IMPLACEMENT erupts in a series of EXPLOSIONS, blowing two Guerrillas into the air.
Still holding the man he FIRES, blowing the other Guerrilla off his feet with the SHOTGUN portion of his weapon.
Ramirez grabs the side of the door, shoots a look to Schaefer and throws it open.
Schaefer and Ramirez respond with full AUTO BURSTS which rip into the Guerrilla, spinning him around, knocking over a crude WOODEN TABLE, scattering a BRIEFCASE with burning PAPERS, FOOD CANS, and LIQUOR As he spins he FIRES the weapon, an arcing line of SLUGS slamming into the tin roof, sending down a shower of rust and dirt.
Dead.
As the Guerrilla fires, Schaefer smashes the butt of his empty weapon into the Guerrilla's shoulder, knocking the gun aside, the SLUGS thudding into the wall harmlessly.
Ramirez immediately rolls into the line of fire, BLASTING six RAPID-FIRE shots on a HIGH-ARC trajectory towards the rocks.
The entire hillside EXPLODES, blowing the Guerrillas into the air, a torrent of vegetation and earth raining down the cliff, obscuring Blain and Ramirez.
He enters the camp, surveying the terrible destruction and carnage.
She lies there, motionless.
He approaches, angry, wary, but the girl is so stunned.
He SCREAMS as it enters his back, erupting from his chest in an EXPLOSION of BLOOD.
He OPENS FIRE with his M-203, belted shells slamming into the weapon from the magazine at his waist, expending it in one LONG BURST.
He throws down the weapon and with a cry of rage, lunges forward, grabbing the Mini-gun.
He opens FIRE and the foliage before him EXPLODES with the fury of the terrible weapon.
Mac is suddenly angry and frustrated, he has no explanation.
Instinctively the team has now grouped around Schaefer, their weapons pointing into the jungle, ready, their nerves on total edge.
Mac's enraged SHOUTS and ROARS mingled with horrific SCREAMS fill the night.
Dillon watches him in growing frustration as Schaefer moves quickly, picking up a FRAMEWORK of STICKS he has tied together, a TREADLE-SPRING TRIGGER.
At the other end of the corridor, several meters above the jungle floor, Schaefer and his team, heavily camouflaged, nearly invisible, lie hidden, waiting.
Schaefer sits back and scratches his head, frustrated and a little chagrined.
Suddenly, behind Schaefer at the end of the corridor, with a resounding SWISH and SNAP, the NET explodes off the floor of the jungle in a hail of leaves and sticks, rocketing upward into the treetops.
They arrive under the net, raising their weapons to fire... but before they can fire the entire net EXPLODES into a flurry of leaves, twigs, vines, dirt and a FLASH of PULSATING CRIMSON.
But Ramirez, following the Hunter's leap, SEES too late the pendular movement of the severed limb and is struck a THUDDING blow in the ribs, which lifts him off his feet, hurling him backwards like a rag doll, his shirt torn open, exposing a BLOODY WOUND.
Dillon stops.
The Hunter freezes in position.
The Hunter reloads his WEAPON which turns INVISIBLE again.
The M-203 hits the ground, where it lies broken in half, useless.
From his vantage point, looking down at the windening, slowing expanse of river, Schaefer is nowhere to be seen.
Slowly a look of vengeance and hatred crosses over his face.
He transfers the ball of explosive ladened gauze to a pliable DRY LEAF, closing it into a bundle, binding it at the top with a long strand of jungle-grass.
Finally, using several sections of BAMBOO of differing diameters, he fashions a crude, anti-personnel SPEAR-BOMB, a BANG-STICK like weapon, using the sharpened TONGUE from his belt buckle for a FIRING PIN and a 40MM GRENADE from his belt pouch as an explosive charge.
He throws back his head and SHOUTS.
But to wait, his back exposed.
With painstaking care he removes the grenade from his neck.
It smashes into the boulder at the Hunter's feet.
With a terrifying SCREAM of pain and anger, the Hunter clutches frantically at the WOUNDS in his neck and chest.
Another bloodcurdling SCREAM OF RAGE and the Hunter is gone.
Schaefer looks from the pool to SEE the Hunter, raising his weapon to throw.
Another bloodcurdling SCREAM of RAGE as the Hunter clutches his throat, dropping his weapon.
He approaches it, wide-eyed, his senses reeling with astonishment and rage.
Schaefer grabs up the weapon and holds it.
How the hell does it work?...
With the last ounce of his strength, and with a BELLOW of RAGE, his arm muscles bulging, he crushes down on the handle...
In the final seconds before the door closes, Schaefer, with a triumphant SCREAM, fires the weapon...
The weapon impacts the Hunter, his head EXPLODING in a fountain of orange blood and pale green tissue.
One man grabs Joey and pulls him out of the pen.
Albert walks back to Joey, frustrated.
She calls off, frustrated.
Ted stands in the kitchen immobile with upset.
Dad throws open the stable door, jerks the harness from the wall, throws open Joey's stall and starts to lunge at the horse.
Dad is mad with anger and frustration - and in pain.
He has a gun.
Furious with frustration Dad throws Albert to the ground and takes aim at the horse.
He takes his position behind the plow, throwing the rear leather harness over his own neck.
Joey's ears prick up.
Her face is full of angry concern for their son.
Joey is moving, but only in a useless circle.
Annoyed at the progress Albert's making, he gets out of his car and walks over to Mrs. Narracott.
David Lyons, annoyed, pushes the accelerator down, and the car edges ahead of Joey.
Angry storm clouds stretch to the horizon.
As Albert leads Joey to the stable, lighting blasts across an angry sky.
The entire crop is flat - ruined by the storms.
He looks at his father in anger and betrayal.
SERGEANT MAJOR SINGH - a turbaned Indian with a magnificent moustache dressed in ceremonial garb - explains the lines of battle on a map.
The line of machine guns fire as one, decimating the horses and their riders.
A furious GERMAN OFFICER storms over, speaks perfect English: Stewart looks at the Officer - at the guns that surround him - and throws down his sabre, stabbing it into the ground.
Head-lamps filter through the cracks in the windmill walls stabbing the brothers awake.
Notes the explosions outside.
Aware she's being watched, she slings the carrots over her shoulder, frustrated.
He hears an indistinct scream from Emilie!
The Germans disappear up the lane leaving the old man and the child bereft in the bitter cold.
Smoke wafts from the guns as we see the explosions in the distance.
Troops surge towards their ladders as officers scream indistinct orders.
Immediately machine gun fire whistles past, we hear the screams of the first men who are shot.
A sudden barrage of machine gun fire all around him.
We see the explosion and the machine gun stop.
He is dying.
An officer charges down the bank next to the bridge, screaming orders at Friedrich.
He stabs his hand on one of the barbs.
He points to one of the wires entangled with the strand he'd been prepared to cut.
The sergeant cocks his pistol.
Tension.
And intimidation irritates her.
Handsome as hell.
Hazel looks at the slim, ridiculous novella.
Willing herself to not check the goddamn phone.
Hazel genuinely has no idea what the hell is going on.
Isaac starts to sob again.
A bond between them.
Isaac holds it over his head and SMASH!
Which makes Hazel feel awful.
A beat between them.
A beat.
CUT TO: Gus is waiting on the front stoop when Frannie's car pulls up.
Hazel cocks her head to one side.
She hates what she's doing to them.
And this is like a punch in the gut.
Hazel again tries to protest and again it falls on deaf ears.
Loud.
This is terrible!
Van Houten goes to take a drink but...  ... Hazel smacks it right the fuck out of his hands, surprising everyone.
Hazel is furious.
A beat.
He winces.
Isaac hurls it, this time smashing the car's taillight.
He's a throwing machine.
A beat.
Hazel, annoyed finishes her cup, tosses it to the side.
Gus throws up.
Immediately, Hazel breaks down.
And immediately, she catches herself.
He hands it to Hazel who grabs it - and immediately crumples it into a ball.
A beat.
Torment.
Loss.
The hulking teen goes to shove Conan, but Conan pulls his arm towards him, lashing out with his other hand, punching the teen in the throat.
They knock each other down, punching the other's stomachs, each trying to force the other to expel their stones.
Sparks buzz like angry fireflies as he stokes the blaze.
Conan slams the bellows closed, anger rising.
Conan attacks with fury.
Frustrated, Conan slashes through a field of reeds, cutting everything within reach of him, expending his rage.
In seconds they are armed, and they counter the charge with a furious charge of their own.
SLAM! Sword and bone collide as the two enemy fronts smash into each other.
Lucius rushes at Conan, only for Conan to duck under his attack and -- THROW HIM IN THE FIERY FORGE.
Enraged, Lucius turns his anger to Corin, raising his sword to deliver the killing blow.
A pair of voluptuous WHORES watch, caressing the Drunken Man's sinewy back.
The Drunken Man YELLS in fury as he SLAMS the other man's hand down upon the cobra, which immediately bites its prey.
Behind him, the CAPTAIN OF THE GUARD beats a chained ONE-EYED PRISONER to a pulpy mess.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
The Guard exhales, frustrated.
Conan turns to face him, eyes filled with rage.
Conan takes Lucius' face and smashes it against the table.
In a flash, Conan grabs Lucius' head again, yanking it back, exposing his throat.
The girl, TAMARA, squeals in pain, angry her prayer was interrupted.
WHIP!
SLAM.
Pissed, he draws his sword.
More than a few riders SNAP their necks as they're driven into the desert floor.
There's a SCREAM.
He cuts the bonds on her feet.
MUFFLED SCREAMS.
Conan put the blade back to Remo's neck.
Ukafa's anger grows.
She lets out a frustrated grunt as Conan simply picks her back up and carries her back to the outcropping.
He's got Tamara by the neck.
EXPLOSIONS rip through the air where Conan was, throwing up a huge dust cloud.
Conan comes at Khalar with twice as much fury, smashing entire posts as he hacks at the warlord, who simply evades the attack.
CRUNCH.
A thick wall of flame rages before Khalar.
Behind it lies a staircase, which he ascends.
Fariq has a bandage on his face where Conan struck him, and he looks even more angry and malevolent than before.
He slaps one.
Her SCREAMS echo.
THUMP.
They fire the weapon.
It fires, smashing again into the wooden hull of the Warship.
Conan's eyes alight with fury.
Ukafa marshals his men as a fierce battle rages.
Conan then pulls on the spear, throwing Ukafa off his balance, towards Conan.
The crossbow fires and the harpoon punches a massive hole through Ukafa, its momentum throwing him off the galley, into the sea beyond.
Khalar looks at the destruction of Ukafa's warship, the bodies filling the water.
Conan lies atop Tamara by the fire, their sinewy limbs intertwined, fingers locked together.
She immediately grabs her nose.
Conan immediately SLASHES the tentacle, pulling Tamara away.
She reacts by GASHING his eyes, and as he instinctively grabs them, he FALLS TOWARDS Conan barely dives out of the way as the fallen Jailer SMASHES through the plank he was on, forcing Conan to jump to another.
The next Jailer grabs her, pulling her off the cage.
He struggles to pull towards a nearby exit hatch when she BITES The Jailer drops Tamara, who SCREAMS as she falls.
Conan's balance is thrown, but there's no other plank close enough for him to jump to.
Conan shakes his head at the rag-tag group.
We hear a SMASH.
Fariq SCREAMS.
It is a killing floor.
Khalar trembles in shock and rage.
Conan throws Khalar off him, knocking the warlord back ten feet.
It BOILS instantly, multiplying itself exponentially, bubbling forth and filling the entire pool.
It is a violent ritual, both Bacchantic and gruesome.
They stab him.
They cut him.
BLAM! Conan punches him in the mouth with his free hand and the Commander falls into the abyss.
Only for Tamara to scream.
Grim.
This is a decrepit, illegal loft.
Murphy shuts off the water.
The boys are relieved, but angry.
They both put an ear to the phone.
He quickly cocks his head toward the sky and begins to chuckle as he says Jesus Christ, under his breath.
Smecker turns to Greenly in disbelief.
She is kicking and screaming from the floor, grabbing at his wrists as he hauls her away.
The boys, instantly furious, stand and begin to go toward the action, but Connor's legs give out on him and he falls to the floor.
Connor, still trying to go after the pimp, crawls towards him.
He also has Tourette's Syndrome and is apt to yell his two chosen swear words every now and then, first fuck!
Doc exits, say one more "Fuck,... Ass", on the way out.
There are at least 20 officers and detectives packed in the tiny room.
Doc is angry and starts throwing ice at them.
They are upset.
Ivan is angry.
Checkov slaps the beer to the floor.
Wham! Ivan punches him in the face.
They clink the glasses together, throw back the Hennessey, ball up the thick glasses in their fists, drop to one knee and both deliver a devastating blow to each of Checkov's quads.
He's down for the count, writhing on the floor.
He punches Checkov in the face in complete rage.
The door breaks open and in hobbles Checkov and Vladdy, guns drawn.
Ivan smashes Connor in the forehead with his gun, sending blood gushing down his face as he falls to the floor.
Murphy helplessly yells his brother's name as he is brought to his knees by Vladdy.
His gun goes off, punching a hole in the dumpster near the bottom.
Rocco and Vincenzo hate each other.
He slams the phone down.
Smecker is annoyed.
He slaps Reuben semi-gently once on his exposed cheek.
Immediately to Reuben, semi-angry.
Smecker tosses the Idiot glance to Dolly.
He is upset.
The fat man yells.
He is screaming and pointing at each man.
Connor seizes the mortified Rocco and pulls him in, slamming the door shut behind him.
Rocco slams his fist down on the table next to Murphy's gun.
Smecker walks across the street, still angry, and goes to a payphone.
Rocco puts on a mask that he made from a dock worker's cotton hat.
He looks ridiculous.
She points to the middle door.
Rocco fires both guns yelling "Yeah, take it, take it!"
Both the drug dealer from outside and the pimp from the emergency room are destroyed.
Rocco shuts the door.
A look of angry realization overtakes his face.
She slowly punches in the numbers.
Rocco pulls a stun gun and zaps her with it.
Smecker moves his hands like firing guns and yells over the noise.
He is expressionless.
As Rocco is wrestling and punching on the floor.
He straddles him and begins to mercilessly beat his face in with the cue ball, yelling "You sick fuck!"
He finally stops, gets up, runs toward the boys, and throws an exhausted punch at Connor who just lays Roc down on the pool table and says, "Nicely done, boy".
He throws it on the walk, the blood splatters.
He pulls a gun and starts firing.
He fires with wrath as he screams the word No over and over.
Rocco and Murphy return fire from the bushes yelling and swearing, as Connor does the same from his position on the stoop.
He starts kicking the bushes and trying to tear them with his hands as he rages.
Rocco shuts it off.
Rocco exits the booth and shuts the door behind him.
Connor slaps him in the back of the head and kicks him in the ass.
The boys and Rocco can be heard screaming from a room in the basement.
Several other hold him down as he and the boys scream in tough protest.
They all yell for him to fuck off.
Rocco screams in pain saying fuck you through his sobs.
His chair is blown back to the floor.
The four guys are left alone.
He drags him around the room yelling mumbo jumbo into his face as Connor jumps up and down in his chair in rage, wanting a piece of the action.
There is a knock at the door.
Smecker lies down on the floor and starts to wiggle and seductively touch himself.
He repeatedly kicks Geno in the balls from his lying position on the floor.
The judge warns Yakavetta that he will have no more of this behavior in his courtroom.
The father walks up and motions for the judge, who is now banging his gavel and shouting in protest, to come off the stand.
As they speak, the right side of the courtroom screams in protest.
They do not falter as the flames rage behind them.
Tension.
Hanging from the weapons pod: A Mutters a curse.
Bond SHOVES A KNIFE in the man's ribs, killing him.
The FIREBALL grows and grows, a raging hell.
Struggling, Bond HEARS a THIN HIGH-PITCHED The pilot has locked onto Bond's MiG.
Fighting the garrote, Bond KICKS THE THROTTLES forward and PULLS BACK ON THE YOKE.
She punches in a code - The door opens.
Bond doesn't care: BOND SLAPS HER.
BOND throws a look over his shoulder, and SEES THE THREE MEN, rushing up the stairs, knocking people out of the way like bowling pins - completely unaware of the oncoming parade at the top.
The CART SLAMS INTO THE MAN, knocking him on his back.
He's getting really pissed off.
In one fast move, Bond side-steps, ducks, and twists out of the cloak, throwing it over the Thug's head.
And as the Thug struggles to get out from under it, Bond slams him head-first into a wall, knocking him out.
With a frustrated fury, Thug #1 rips off the cloak, and stands.
Bond snatches a CANDELABRA, and smashes it against the Thug's arm, knocking the gun away.
SQUEEZES THE GUN from 007's hand, ONTO THE FLOOR.
Unimpressed, the THUG SMASHES HIS FIST INTO a GLASS DISPLAY TABLE, and plucks out a CLAYMORE - a two-handed "King Arthur" type sword.
Grappling, they slam into the wall next to the IRON MAIDEN - which is STARTING TO COME LOOSE FROM THE LEATHER STRAPS holding it upright.
- In a near death-grip, Bond manages to push/kick/smash Thug #1 backwards, down onto the floor.
Turns to his FIRST OFFICER, hands him a SLIP OF PAPER: The first officer nods.
With a shrug, the FIRST OFFICER picks up the INTERCOM MICROPHONE: Crowded with CREW MEMBERS eating, waiting on line for food.
The ENGINEER shouts to his crew, over NOISE OF DIESEL ENGINES: The First Officer stands next to the Communications Officer.
He casually picks up the newspaper, snaps open the front page: Screaming headline: ISRAELI AGENT REVEALED.
And on NUMBER THREE'S BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAM, we Moving through FOG in the STRAIT OF MALACCA, night.
All hell is about to break loose:       - A Junior officer bursts in from the exterior bridge: Propelled by water-jets in its head, THE WORM STREAKS TOWARD THE INDOMITABLE, emitting a HIGH PITCHED whine as its drill bit revs up to speed.
The door explodes inward - and a high-pressured stream of water blasts in, blowing them back against the walls.
Suddenly a THREE FOOT SECTION OF THE DECK EXPLODES IN A FOUNTAIN OF WATER.
The entrance door EXPLODES in a thunderball of water.
He puts the pen to the paper, and BREAKS THE PEN.
They hear a SHARP DINGING SOUND - The man points at one of the screens, where Bond sees a COMPUTER GENERATED MAP OF THE SEA FLOOR, with the FAINT OUTLINE of a WARSHIP.
Watching this, Bond seethes with memory of Paris and his hatred of Harmsway.
Flashing his KNIFE, Bond cuts the cord to his gold/uranium sack, Bond rockets up, SLAMMING INTO DIVER #1.
And just as Bond overcomes the man - spinning him around, holding the knife to the diver's throat - DIVER #2 SHOOTS the HARPOON-TYPE GUN, and A DOLPHIN NET explodes out, ENVELOPING BOND AND THE DIVER in a mesh.
A BRITISH NAVAL CUTTER is pulling alongside the barge - SEA SIREN WAILING, crew members in battle gear, FORWARD GATLING GUN manned.
Harmsway is enjoying himself: As they leave, Bond is frustrated by Harmsway's "I don't care what you think you know - I can crush you" attitude...
She struggles, yelling: Using Sidney as a HUMAN SHIELD, Stamper marches her in front of the closed elevator doors.
Bond and Sidney rush forward to the front wall as - Recover, grab their guns, move to the threshold, and START RAKING THE Bond presses his body against Sidney, on the front wall, trying to SHIELD HER as BULLETS RIP UP THE FLOOR behind them.
Stamper stops shooting.
Turns to the Guard: Stamper's head pokes up through the hole just as Bond and Sidney have disappeared into - Squeezing out from between the elevator doors, (which immediately close behind them,.)
Bond and Sidney encounter a group of STUNNED OFFICE WORKERS, waiting for the elevator.
He sud- denly TWISTS, SMASHING the BUTT OF HIS GUN down on some GLASSWARE on the counter, then TWISTS BACK, returning a BURST OF GUNFIRE.
She thinks he's nuts, but squeezes next to him.
Handing her the gun: Sidney scowls - as Bond moves off-camera - when suddenly, BULLET HITS RIP UP THE DOOR FRAME.
As she continues to exchange fire with the guards...  BOND, (having broken the toner cartridge open,.) is DUMPING THE TONER in a coffee can.
The GUARDS spring from the door, rushing forward to storm Bond's position - just as the COFFEE CAN rolls towards them, and EXPLODES.
Swiftly, Bond grabs a JUG of CLEANER from under the sink, moves to the door, and ROLLS IT DOWN THE HALL in Stamper's direction.
Bond and Sidney BREAK for the STAIRCASE DOOR.
SHOOTS.
BANG.
BANG.
Swings!
He swings.
But as he starts to climb out - SIDNEY SCREAMS!
BOND FIRES A BURST BACK as - A NEW ROUND OF BULLET HITS BOND LOOKS UP: Stamper has commandeered a second window washer's rig, and is descending, FIRING AT THEM.
They go down, And down, And down - The cable looped around the railing is slowing their descent; the PAINT ON THE RAILING IS BURNING OFF, and the STEEL itself is STARTING TO SMOKE from the friction.
- Coming out of that DOOR, Bond sees THREE GUARDS in Harmsway Blazers carrying guns.
The man lifts his crowbar to smash Bond with it.
Bond and the Pressman engage in a short, furious fight - throwing each other against the side of the press...  Which ends when Bond finally gets the upper hand for a second, and pushes the man back, into a pile of INK DRUMS.
Bond ducks, (3.) the Guard shoots wildly, (4.) the gun drops, and (5.) - Bond rushes the man, KNOCKING HIM BACKWARDS INTO THE PRINTING PRESS, pulling Sidney away at the last moment.
Spotting more Guards coming down the far staircase, Bond grabs Sidney and the gun, and runs to the NEWSPAPER DELIVERY CHUTE.
Harmsway can't help his ego: Bond SLIDES THE GUN several feet in front of him...
And THROWS A LOOK TO HIS CAR, noting THE GUARDS ARE LINED UP DIRECTLY IN ITS PATH.
The GUARDS TURN, in shock TOWARDS THE CAR, as: BOND retrieves the gun he slid out, and pulls Sidney behind the newspaper trolley, while - THE CAR BEGINS TO MOVE, sending the guards scrambling.
As bullets rip up the newspapers in front of them - Bond eyes her for one split second.
Points at the guards: Sidney starts to shoot as - THE GUARDS continue to blast away at the car...  But: There's chaos; a cacophony of voices and wild gunfire as BOND STEERS THE CAR TO THEIR POSITION, where the door opens automatically.
- Bond guns the engine, slams the transmission into gear.
The TAIL-LIGHTS DROP DOWN and MACHINE GUNS start to fire.
The HNN reporter TAKES OFF HIS HAT: IT'S YUNG.
BOOM! ROCKETS shoot out from their lenses, destroying both.
He hears the door click open, and - A Guard enters carrying a pile of Bond's clothing with his shoes on top.
Stamper is behind him, holding a gun on Sidney.
Junks and sampans are tossed in his wake, as Bond finishes pressing the SHOELACES AROUND THE DOOR LOCK...  Then TURNS UP HIS SHIRT COLLAR TO PULL OUT A WIRE that's been hidden inside.
He connects it between the explosive on the handcuff chain and the detonator, then steals a glance out the window at: still guiding the worm with the joy stick.
A caption appears on the video screen "TARGET LOCKED," and - As Bond grabs the gun, bringing it up to shoot, Yung dives on top of him.
They struggle, and the gun skitters across the floor towards the window overlooking the blue cooling pool.
They trade punch after punch - and although Bond is holding his own, Yung is every bit his equal.
As Yung reaches down for the gun, Bond grabs the fire extinguisher from the wall.
In the white smoke, Yung drops the gun...  Then CHARGES at Bond, headbutting him, twisting, and turning 007... SMASHING BOND THE WINDOW SHATTERS.
And as he struggles to stop himself from falling backwards into the reactor room...  Yung does a FLYING, FEET FIRST KICK to finish the job - But at the last second, BOND DUCKS, reaches up, and uses Yung's momentum to send him flying over Bond's head into - He sails through the air, heading for the cooling pool 20' below, as - Bond races to hit the "EMERGENCY REACTOR SHUT DOWN" button.
He might have also added "It's too late," as - Bond SWOOPS IN LOW on the port side of the boat, FIRING HIS GUN from the pilot's window, and using the CHOPPER'S BLADES to threaten the men on deck.
Sidney is thrown from her bench, slamming against scuba tanks.
Sidney looks up, hearing and feeling the explosion.
Arriving at a BULKHEAD DOOR, Bond checks both directions down the passageway, then pokes his head inside - And is SUDDENLY YANKED BACKWARDS, OUT INTO THE PASSAGEWAY, thrown against a railing.
With his free hand, he grabs Bond by his shirt, and throws him against a steel wall.
Stamper is about to attack Bond a fourth time when Bond kicks him in the groin.
As Stamper straightens up, winded from the groin kick - BOND rushes to A SMALL PILE OF SLACK CABLE, which is rapidly growing taught as the worm wends its way underwater.
Stamper rushes Bond - And in one lightening fast move, Bond wraps the cable twice around Stamper's neck.
Suddenly THE CABLE TIGHTENS, and - STAMPER soars 15 in the air, HANGING BY HIS NECK, as - THE WORM BURSTS THROUGH THE WALL!
He's seething with rage.
Bond smacks the gun out of his hand with contempt.
AND BOND loses his balance, FALLING ONTO HARMSWAY - Harmsway lunges for Bond's throat - Where Bond breaks Harmsway's grasp in a violent struggle - then punches him.
After a beat, SIDNEY CLEARS HER THROAT.
Q and Wade throw a glance back to the sea, then turn, waking off: On the wall behind M's DESK.
RUMBLE.
Then the front door blows shut behind Meagan.
The tiny Freddy dashes from the pews and jumps into a casket at the altar, slamming the lid shut.
Meagan screams and slams the lid back down.
THUMP!
THUMP!
Meagan screams.
Her fright turns to rage as she pounds the alarm clock into submission.
Dad looks over at mom, who shoots him an angry look.
Murdoch gets into the command car, sitting down next to the S.W.A.T. COMMANDER sitting behind the wheel.
Then he lifts his head, wiping his nose nervously as he speaks: The lawyer's disembodied head comes sailing out of an upstairs window, smacking into the command car's windshield with a loud SPLAT!
Murdoch curses and leaps out of the car, charging the house as he BLASTS away with two nickel-plated .45s.
Another S.W.A.T. guy kicks in a door to a room and steps in, FIRING his machine gun.
His arms fall to the floor, still FIRING the machine gun.
The S.W.A.T. guy screams and another S.W.A.T. guy barrels into the room to see what is wrong.
He kicks open the door to a room and guns down three cultists as they try to escape out a window.
The running GUNBATTLE continues as the cultists retreat to the back of the house, throwing molotov cocktails.
A S.W.A.T. guy screams as he is consumed by FIRE.
The commander throws himself to the ground, covering the little girl with his body as -- BA-BOOM!!! -- the Elm Street house EXPLODES!
Several cops rush in and grab the girl, dragging her off, kicking and screaming.
It's hot.
Meagan screams as her skeleton is blown back against the blackboard -- vaporized!
Murdoch FIRES, the bullet SMACKING Jason in the eye.
With a loud, metallic CHING, Jesse's car drives into the fence, knocking that section down.
Inside -- a raging INFERNO.
The cultists carry Lizzy out of Hell and back into the...  Horribly burned hands slap Lizzy back from her semi- conscious state.
Stormie smacks him.
Lizzy screams.
She purrs: This news sobers everyone up immediately.
It extends out towards the back of Jesse's car, one of the tiny knives inserting into the trunk lock and turning with a slight CLICK.
Everyone screams.
Jesse fights to keep the car on the road when suddenly, the pieces of Jason ATTACK, BURSTING from behind the back seat.
Meagan screams.
Meagan follows them to the saloon door, where she stops and looks out into...  Standing in the middle of the street is Jesse, dressed in a cowboy sheriff's outfit complete with hat, badge, and gunbelt.
From the saloon, Meagan screams: Freddy looks over at her, annoyed.
Stormie drags a shell-shocked Meagan down the hall, the screams of the nurse fading into the distance.
They hear the nurse's screams and come running towards Jesse's room.
The windows are starting to steam up.
As the last strand goes, Meagan tumbles backwards to the floor with a loud THUD.
The water washes down the trench, over the cable, and -- POW! Z-Z-Z-ZAP!
Meagan rushes to the shore line and screams out over the lake: Jason clenches his meaty fists and SLAMS them down against the diving dock.
SMASHING it to bits.
He closes the door behind him and squirms out a tiny window just as Jason kicks open the door and steps inside.
Just then, Erwin bursts into the cabin, slamming the door shut behind him.
Erwin screams and runs for the closet, hiding inside.
Then, with the RIPPING of WOOD, Jason chainsaws the closet door -- knocking it to the floor.
Erwin draws out his pin and starts stabbing himself in the finger.
As they walk towards the police cars, several of the S.W.A.T. team moves in and arrests them.
A cop behind him says: Murdoch looks up -- sure enough, his Smokey Bear hat is burning above the brim.
Suddenly, Stormie wakes and, seeing Freddy, jumps to her feet and screams.
Stormie screams again.
She throws them off and they grab her again, roughly.
Stormie gives a little squeal as Boogerman is pulled out, kicking and screaming.
Boogerman screams as he flies across vast space, smack- ing into the far wall with a giant SPLAT!
Boogerman sees Stormie racing towards him and he screams too.
Again with the thrusting.
The FLOOR MANAGER counts down -- three...  two... one...  BAM! -- the cultists burst into the studio.
The CAMERA OPERATOR and FLOOR MANAGER are killed.
The cultists break into the control room, killing the DIRECTOR and STAFF.
Meagan turns on the shower and drops the towel -- the bitches whistle and catcall.
The head bitch slides over to Meagan and says: The head bitch grabs at Meagan, who resists.
But this bitch is big and tough and holds Meagan by the wrists as she tries to kiss her.
The other bitches laugh.
Meagan scratches the head bitch's face.
The head bitch moves in.
The head bitch stops, curious.
In a flash, the head bitch has the shiv to Meagan's jugular -- a warning.
The other bitches smile as the head bitch slips her arm around Meagan's waist and pulls her tight.
The other bitches share a look of concern as one asks: The head bitch suddenly springs back as if Meagan were Satan himself.
She runs for the other bitches but they aren't having anything to do with her.
The deputy comes to the shower room doorway and shouts: WHAM! -- the bitches run her over, stripping the keys from her belt.
After the bitches exit, Meagan's hand reaches out and drags the unconscious deputy into the shower.
The bitches come running butt-naked and screaming through the station.
Chaos.
Murdoch picks up his bullhorn and says: A CULTIST SNIPER FIRES a shot at Murdoch, the bullet hit SMASHING the emergency lights atop his car.
As the battle outside between the cultists and the cops RAGES, Murdoch and the S.W.A.T. commander squat down behind a fender to reload.
Murdoch curses, drawing his pistol and SHOOTING after the ambulance.
ANGLE THROUGH WINDSHIELD as three cultists stand directly in front of the speeding ambulance, FIRING machine guns.
He reaches through the smashed windshield and grabs the squashed cultist's machine gun laying on the hood.
Jason grabs the first one with the Jaws of Life -- folds him in half like a rag doll.
The first round begins...  Freddy starts towards Jason, cocking his glove for a blow when -- CH-CHING!
He punches Jason in the stomach and starts RIPPING him open, rotten guts spilling out.
Jason throws the axe at Freddy, who ducks it.
Freddy backpeddles, tripping over the ref's decapitated body as several HUNGRY ZOMBIES drag him out of the ring, RIPPING his body apart and DEVOURING it.
Jason gets to his feet in time to see Freddy cock the massive glove for a blow.
The fans go nuts.
They fall screaming to the floor -- dead.
The remaining cultists SHOOTING it out with the police suddenly grab their heads, screaming.
Erwin sees this and jumps in-between them, yelling: Murdoch FIRES.
The cops let loose with a BARRAGE of GUN- FIRE.
More and more BULLET HITS SMACK Jason.
The SHOOTING subsides and finally grinds to a stop, leaving the cops knee-high in brass and a thick layer of gunsmoke in the room.
Shit.
Bullshit We did... sure, we lost it for a while-but we got 'it back.
-- Jesus Christ -- Forrestal has said this last because Diaz has thrown the car into reverse, knocking down a big display.
The view through the expansive picture window is breathtaking.
What's wrong?
Is it bad?
The three of them lie on the cabin floor as the FIRING CONTINUES to BLAST AWAY at Harris' body, the rounds SMACKING into the side of the cabin.
Matrix puts the rifle against Diaz's forehead and COCKS the trigger.
Wrong.
He stops and looks back at the destroyed Blazer.
Dead...
He enjoyed the killing a little too much.
They eye each other, then Sully shuts the door and Matrix watches the limo drive off.
Open your mouth again and I'll nail it shut.
Yes...  Watching my Dad kick your balls down your throat.
She slams down the phone and does a slow burn.
Fuck off, shithead...
She unlocks and opens the door, leaving the keys in the lock, then she LOWERS the top.
She pops the clutch too fast, the tires SQUEAL and Matrix is SLAMMED back against the car floor.
Sully pulls out his gun and FIRES through the windowpane at the steadily looming Matrix.
Matrix PICKS UP THE ENTIRE PHONE BOOTH, RIPS it from the wall and SMASHES it against the railing.
People continue to SCREAM and hug the floor.
Sully SHOOTS WILDLY out onto Sepulveda, BLASTING his horn as he swerves into the wrong lane.
Who in the hell are you?? Matrix doesn't answer.
You steal my car, rip the seat out, then kidnap me.
You get me into a shoot-out where people are getting killed and blood is spurting out all over the place...  Sully comes SPEEDING up Coldwater Canyon.
Will you tell me what the hell's going on?
Gun in hand, Sully crawls dazedly out of the destroyed car.
Where is she, Sully?
Fuck you...  Matrix is approaching the Sunbeam as Cindy is getting out.
I lied.
Cindy is looking at her sunbeam, which is smashed to shit, as Matrix approaches.
He FLOORS the accelerator, LEAVES RUBBER and BLASTS out of there.
Is she the one that was kidnapped?
Cindy stays a few feet back as Matrix, gun drawn, slowly EASES Sully's motel key into the door lock, then QUICKLY OPENS the door.
There is a SUDDEN LOUD KNOCKING at the front door.
Room service...  Cooke looks back through the door at her. Matrix, at the inside edge of the door,is holding_his gun, ready to fire.
WHAM! Matrix SLAMS the gun against the brawny Cooke's head.
He grabs Matrix's gun hand by the wrist and the two of them STRUGGLE for the gun.
Matrix and Cooke come off the wall and SLAM onto the floor, the gun coming out of Matrix's hand.
Fuck you, asshole.
Fuck you, asshole...
He BLASTS Cooke in the jaw and Cooke goes backward through the broken door and falls to the floor.
He COCKS the trigger.
He COCKS the trigger.
Jenny moves to the door of her darkened room and tries the door handle.
What's wrong?
Come on, you piece of shit!
BLAM! BLAM! Bullets SMASH into the cockpit near Matrix and Cindy.
SLAM?
The burning boat continues to RACE DIRECTLY AT THE Matrix SAVAGELY TWISTS Bennett's wrist hand that holds the gun.
He drops the gun on the floor of the boat.
Matrix SMASHES Bennett's face with his fist, KNOCKING him down onto the floor near Jenny.
Bennett jabs with his knife and SLASHES Matrix, causing a bloody cut.
They HEAR the SOUNDS of the explosions.
Stop that shelling NOW! Bennets STABS at Matrix and Matrix grabs his wrist.
With his free hand, Matrix STABS at Bennett and Bennett grabs Matrix's wrist.
Fuck you, asshole...
Fuck YOU, asshole...
Are you faking me out?
Masami reaches out, slaps her friend on the knee.
Youre terrible!
They were in a wreck?
She stops in front of a door, sticks her KEY in the lock, and opens it.
She walks to the door, turns the handle experimentally.
Hmm? Asakawa stabs a finger excitedly towards the shelf.
There is a knock on the glass door behind her.
They stop before a DOOR to the right, which Asakawa unlocks.
It should have stopped there, but it didnt.
Leave me the hell alone!
Witch!
Sadako killed him?
Asakawa slams the phone down.
Weve been cursed.
Mr. Takayama...  Asakawa, left alone, stares down at the tatami mats.
Yoichi, its rude to your grandpa to talk like that.
top.location.href=location.href
Immediately, scores of tires on passing cars BLOW OUT...  Causing, 50 yards ahead of the Mercedes and van, the most hellacious, gut-wrenching, piss-your-pants, chain-reaction PILE-UP you can imagine.
It SMASHES through the concrete wall and guard rail...  Along with several cars and their SCREAMING OCCUPANTS, swept over the edge by the truck like discarded soda cans.
Asshole #1 spots Carson.
Asshole #1 lunges viciously, swiping at Carson with the crowbar, taking a piece out of his side.
Carson starts BLEEDING profusely, but he's too pissed to notice.
Surprised at Carson's fury and strength, Asshole #1 backs onto the lawn, oblivious to the running SPRINKLERS.
Carson holds his bat in both hands and jams the front of it into Asshole #1's breadbasket.
Carson grabs Asshole #1's arm, and pulls it quickly against his raised knee.
Seeing this, Asshole #2 gives up on the car.
It sails across the street -- And NAILS Asshole #2's head.
Asshole #2 is still trying to gouge Carson with the screwdriver.
Without warning, one takes out a TASER and ZAPS Asshole #2.
The Jag Owner is still SWEARING mightily.
The Driver grabs his AMD-74 machine gun and pops the door locks.
Javal PUNCHES her, knocking her down.
To them: The agents look at each other -- holy shit!
He straddles the lanes on Wilshire to pull up next to them.
Sabatini shouts over to him: Carson looks like he's been punched in the stomach.
Sabatini takes a small two-way MOTOROLA RADIO out of her pocket and throws it through her window to Carson.
Dropping it in his lap, he punches the gas.
Robbins floors Dave's piece-of- shit Dodge, trying to keep up.
He still drives at the same speed as the surrounding traffic.
Pissed that he's been made, Carson speeds up.
The rope releases the door from the opening mechanism, so it immediately falls CLOSED.
Still fuming, Carson walks ahead.
An ARMY MAJOR sitting behind General Kai stands and slips out the door.
She returns to listening to an AUDIO TAPE: During this, Colonel Lee stands in a window on the top floor, pointing a LASER EAVESDROPPING UNIT at the FBI guardhouse.
Sabatini, behind the wheel, smacks his arm and points ahead: Javal's van drives into the parking lot, and stops right above the bags of money.
He backs off the on-ramp, past a row of angry drivers, passing by Sabatini and Dave.
He straddles the lanes, going against traffic, riding like a maniac back the way he came.
He jumps out and grabs one of the Biker's machines by the handlebars, wrestling it to a stop.
continues down the freeway on his bike, straddling lanes, driving the wrong way, retracing his route back to Highland, leaving CAR HORNS, CURSING, and COLLISIONS in his wake.
Speeding up, Carson precariously cuts in between traffic.
Behind him, Robbins and Walther drive along the divider lane.
Carson SHOUTS at Colonel Lee, furious at his carelessness!
reacts to another SLIP.
Carson grabs the saddlebags and runs like hell across the street, diving for cover behind a car. the copter and Geo crash to the sidewalk and EXPLODE.
Carson grabs one of the expensive pens from Ambassador Han's desk, SNAPS it in half, and hands it to her.
Carson looks at him, irritated.
They're stumped, and bitterly frustrated.
Behind closed doors, the Operative LISTENS to the phone call with an EAVESDROPPING RECEIVER.
Angry, General Kai steps INTO FRAME and kicks the Operative over with his foot.
Mrs. Han looks at him, angry.
The President goes nuts.
We SEE him punch the button for x666.
The Lexus is stuck in a dense knot of traffic.
Miranda and Colonel Lee immediately get out of the car and run off, leaving Sabatini to contend with it.
Sabatini drives the Lexus in and parks it in the fire lane.
She begins to protest.
As the middle flower pot EXPLODES.
He punches Colonel Lee in the jaw.
Colonel Lee, still FIRING, slips out the door.
OS, we hear several SPURTS of machine gun fire, and a car ENGINE roaring to life.
The TRAFFIC is beyond nightmarish.
He squeezes his eyes shut...
Reporters chatter urgently in English, Spanish, Japanese, Korean, Farsi, their voices mixing with the shouts of pedestrians, the rumbling and horn-blowing of the traffic...  Everyone, everywhere is getting into their cars in a mad dash to get out of town or rendezvous with loved ones.
Carson's Volvo follows, squeezing through traffic in its wake.
She snaps off her mic and yells at her Cameraman: Ambassador Han looks glumly at the chaos in the streets.
Bobbi jumps in, grabs the ENG camera, and yells at her Pilot: They rapidly cut through the traffic.
Carson turns, surprised and annoyed to see Ambassador Han, his arm bandaged, lying in the cot in the back.
Colonel Lee fights like mad to break free...  Until Miranda JAMS her heel into his groin.
Milton, the Assistant Manager, cowers as they SHOOT the lock off the door to the inner office and rush in.
She's freaking out.
She starts SCREAMING, so he grabs her face.
Furious, General Kai gets up and leaves the conference room.
A mad traffic jam of cars, vans, motorbikes all stopped at a checkpoint where a RWANDAN POLICEMAN blows his whistle, waves some and stops others as bored Rwandan soldiers look on.
CLOSE ON: A white van pulls out of traffic, a balls-out case of line jumping.
As a forklift lifts A WOODEN CRATE, George angers.
The elevator doors shut.
Tatiana hides her anger.
Gloria is upset.
He punches into the computer.
Paul stifles his anger.
He hangs up.
The only sounds are distant explosions and gunfire.
The door knocks.
Paul gets up, angry.
He hears ANGRY VOICES.
More SHOUTS.
She's sobbing.
The door knocks.
The door gives, SOLDIERS flood in.
He grabs Paul by the scruff of the neck, pushes him toward the kneeling captives.
Cocks the hammer.
A pathetic rain of Rwandan francs, useless coins, watches, jewelry falls onto the ground.
Paul works the front desk as angry guests surge all around him.
PAUL moves to the door, where Jock and Gloria argue beside a saloon car with the word `press' spelt out in tape on the wind sreen She walks off.
ENRAGED UN SOLDIERS cock their weapons, aim.
She hangs up.
She storms out.
The businessman Mr. Garindi knocks on room 211.
Paul and Tatsi shut the door and join the businessman in the hall.
Oliver pulls off his blue beret, throws it on the ground, points his finger at the French and Italian officers.
He storms out.
Paul, stone-faced, polite, destroys this asshole.
JOCK films, as A FRENCH OFFICER screams at him.
His intercom buzzes, he's annoyed then.
Paul going door to door, knocking.
Paul knocks on a door.
They slip out.
Screams, shouts, MORE SHOTS.
BANG - more gun fire.
Paul jumps in the van, guns the engine, drives.
As a UN JEEP, its tires shot out, sparks cascading from wheel rims, screams up to the guard house.
He locks the doors of the hotel.
Silent disbelief.
top.location.href=location.href
A DEALER is sliding chips, tossing them on to a craps table.
Every time the CAPO picks up a card, he's able to knock or get gin, sending GAGGI into a fit bemoaning his bad luck.
Before ACE can react, NICKY grabs JOE and starts stabbing him in the neck with the pen.
NICKY pounces on him, still stabbing and now kicking.
NICKY's still holding the bloody pen.
Camera reveals the DEALER at a craps table.
Gamblers and dealers shout and yell.
He smacks the bookie on the head with the wad of money.
The slightly exposed hole card is a six of clubs.
He starts to scream.
The GUARDS lift him off his feet and, holding him like a battering ram, smash his head into the door.
He hangs up.
He hangs up.
A flashbulb explodes.
The men and the waitress lie dead on the floor.
GINGER, annoyed, closes the refrigerator door.
LESTER gives GINGER a 'how did you fuck this up?' Look.
Ace's SECRETARY shuts the door on her way out.
NICKY swiftly enters the room, grabs SCOTT around the neck, and fires three shots into her head.
NICKY shuts the door behind him and walks down the stairs to the golf course.
Police photographers taking pictures of a dealer, dead behind the wheel of his car, his eyes and mouth frozen wide open in a silent scream.
Another newspaper is thrown at the door.
NICKY drives off, leaving an angry and frustrated ACE to ponder the desert and the holes.
He and MARINO walk back to the table, SHERBERT winces on the floor in shock.
GINGER screams.
GINGER is furious.
He looks at her and turns, leaving her alone in the kitchen.
NICKY is punching a man who is leaning against a car.
ACE slams his shoulder against the door, trying to knock it down.
AMY screams.
He storms in.
GINGER screams and attacks NICKY.
MARINO throws GINGER out the back door.
ACE lets him in, locks the door and grabs the gun from him.
ACE shuts the down behind him and switches off a light.
ACE and SHERBERT react to the noise.
GINGER repeatedly smashes into ACE's car.
She continues to scream as the AGENTS try to revive him.
CURLY points his gun expertly at the top of NANCE's head and fires.
The screen fills with the rising explosion of smoke and fire.
FAT SALLY grabs him by the throat.
He lies on the floor as a ball of fire rises behind him.
ACE watches as his car explodes in flames.
ACE's car explodes.
The casino is destroyed floor by floor by explosions.
The woman's second scream is muffled as the train door closes.
Truman and Raquel speak in hushed tones to avoid waking her.
He slams shut the passenger door of the Plymouth.
TRUMAN paces impatiently on an empty subway platform with other frustrated passengers.
Marlon shuts his van and gets in.
A crush of DEFENDENTS, FAMILIES, ATTORNEYS and POLICE OFFICERS.
Truman turns his back on the Expressway to continue his game.
Despite her protests, Truman drags Meryl out the back door and towards his car.
Truman floors the Oldsmobile.
At the head of the line, the cars are being turned around by POLICE OFFICERS, who are also contending with a swarm of NEWS REPORTERS and TELEVISION CREWS.
Truman raises the kitchen knife but instead of stabbing Meryl begins to slash viciously at the waterbed, opening a large gash.
Before he can decide what to do, Marlon has opened the unlocked front door to be confronted with the sight of Truman holding the knife to Meryl's throat, blood streaming from his own wound.
Frustrated, Marlon runs to the bedroom and thumps on the window.
He can see the shape of Truman lying on the bed but his shouts fail to rouse him.
Simeon feels the hostility.
The lines include PRINCIPALS and EXTRAS linked arm in arm, wardrobed for their usual roles as EXECUTIVES and SECRETARIES, STORE CLERKS, TELEPHONISTS, MAINTENANCE and CONSTRUCTION WORKERS, WAITERS and WAITRESSES, COOKS, SHOPPERS, OFFICERS, FIRE FIGHTERS AND HOMELESS PEOPLE.
Between the large rolling waves lies a corridor of calmer water, several hundred yards wide, a curious escape lane.
A primal scream.
He shuts the door to his world.
She screams and covers her ears.
Mrs. Bruce's blood boils.
He takes everything way-too-seriously.
A baby-shit green, Ford station wagon with fake wood sides SCREECHES into the driveway.
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK!
Mrs. Bruce stuffs the record in the trash can then throws Jam in the front seat.
Jam briefly scans his surroundings double-taking at the denim jacket lying on the floor.
Fully awake now, Jam throws on Trip's denim jacket.
Immediately Jam stands.
They can't stop gawking at the chicks' asses.
SLAM!
They shut their lockers in unison.
BLAST!
Just then, the SOUND OF CRACKING PORCELAIN, as the toilet they're standing on breaks into pieces with a SMASH.
Water GUSHES everywhere as she screams bloody murder, getting doused ruining her Farrah-do.
The teacher, MR.
Still on the floor, Elvis grabs the little radio with rage, flips it off and screams at it.
A mad chase ensues.
The nerd grabs his hair in horror at the sight of the smashed projector.
Old MISS HIBBS is lecturing on MOBY DICK.
Beaten and spent, his scream now dried up to a hoarse GASPING, Elvis slips on some ketchup at his feet.
He hits the floor with a THUD right in the goop.
The priest enters, SLAMS the door shut, startling Jam, and sits in front of a painting of the Virgin Mary on his wall.
They YELL for it to stop, but it's hopeless.
Trip grabs the wad of goop and throws it out the window.
He turns off the stereo and floors the accelerator, swerving into the left lane and passing the Volvo.
The Trans Am runs alongside the Volvo and Hawk turns to see Kenny pointing to the breakdown lane.
Cold silence as Kenny replays Hawk's insult over in his head.
Kenny's temper's rising faster than the price of gasoline.
Hawk is a little mad now.
Hawk puts the rock on the Trans Am's accelerator letting the engine WHINE in protest.
He throws the Trans Am into drive.
Whoever finds them is gonna get the wrong idea about their musical taste...  and kick their asses all over again.
Hawk slows down, turning into the breakdown lane, travelling about two miles per hour.
Hawk and Trip immediately bust into the giggles and it doesn't take long for Lex and Jam to follow suit.
The scalper points over his shoulder and Hawk turns to see three GIGGLING WOMEN exiting the strip joint.
It's Trip.
The kid turns and yells into the store before Trip can stop him.
CHONGO has a very low forehead and the expression of an angry bull plastered onto his face.
Then, without a second of warning, Chongo belts Trip in the gut.
He lets her out and locks the door, leaving the keys in the lock, and walks over to Jam.
Hawk swivels his bar stool to the right and gets off, forgetting to stand when his feet hit the floor.
What the hell is he doing?
Hawk's whipped his audience into a frenzied pack of bitches in heat.
The priest SLIDES the door shut again.
Jam yells, but Beth throws her hand over his mouth.
A MAN WITH A LONG COAT enters the store, looks around, then takes a spot alongside Trip and opens a Mad Magazine.
So does Trip.
His thunder now stolen, Trip drops to the floor along with everyone else.
Man with the coat COCKS the chamber and the cashier immediately opens the register drawer and starts emptying it.
The hipster protectively pulls the dressing room door shut as two SECURITY MEN jump in front of it.
Lex is thrown into a heaping garbage dumpster by the scruff of his neck.
Still trapped by the GROWLING, BARKING pack of dogs, Lex searches nervously through the garbage behind him.
The dogs plow into Lex full-force knocking him into the garbage.
Lex stops.
So loud, he throws his head back.
Trip did it.
He saved the fucking store!
Lex yells to the beefy jerks through the glass.
The beefy jerks watch in disbelief as the Volvo SCREECHES out of the chop shop.
A BUNCH OF IDIOTS walk by with big transistor radios.
Jam yanks the Mr. Microphone from the lead idiot and screams at his mother, his voice amplified on the transistors.
Hawk stops.
Kicking.
On the beat, BOOM, FIREWORKS shoot from the floor alighting the place.
He knocks lightly on the spare room door.
His head cocks, he stiffens.
He cocks his head: Door opening and shutting; feet padding along landing; door closing.
Nadia turns and walks out, leaving John marooned, gasping in and blowing out, angry almost, buttoning his trousers.
He hangs up.
A boy hits the ball and others chase it as it bounces off cars.
Through the gap in the door he sees Nadia coming out, go to her room, and shut the door.
Shouting.
Yuri stops.
John is left alone.
Just as he gets near, Alexei lets Nadia surface, coughing and spluttering -- she shouts at Alexei in Russian, angry.
John is thrown.
It was a woman's scream.
The kettle boils.
She screams through the gag.
John punches in the security code.
Yuri throws open the car door and John hurls the guitar cases inside.
Nadia is lying the other way.
She stands and slips out the door, leaving him alone.
Nadia staggers into the bathroom where she shuts the door and begins to sob uncontrollably.
He slaps hers back.
They wait as the the Duty Sergeant deals with a woman who's lost her hat.
John stops the car.
A terrible, mournful grinding noise.
She gets on her hands and knees and coughs like fury.
Alexei walks calmly towards John and throws a punch.
CLOSE SHOT: The passport is snapped shut and pushed back through.
He has no choice -- and it pisses him off.
Steam billows.
Will enters the forge, shuts the door behind him.
Then grabs for it -- but the flat of a sword blade slaps his hand.
Will glares at him.
Will registers angry surprise -- and then with a vicious overhand motion, he throws his sword - -- the sword buries itself into the door, just above the latch, barely missing Jack.
Jack grabs the chain, hoists himself up, kicks with his feet, knocking Will back.
Jack cocks the pistol.
The front and back doors smash open, and SAILORS fill the room.
Will, shirtless, wearing a leather apron, heats an iron ingot at the furnace, hammers it flat -- he stops.
There is the SLAM of a body against the door.
When the door smashes inward, it slams into the wardrobe, and the maid cannot be seen.
Damn!
Elizabeth jabs it into her palm -- it's useless as a weapon.
Double damn!
The aftermath of hell on earth.
Will slams his fist against the bars in frustration.
The three men throw their weight into the windlass, and it turns.
Angry, Elizabeth holds out her hand.
Barbossa is angry.
She SLAPS him again.
A sharp stone knife lies on top.
Barbossa gathers himself, getting his rage under steely control.
Jack's expression hasn't changed.
He drinks -- and defiantly returns Elizabeth's angry gaze.
Leia is angry.
Men hurriedly respond to their officers' yelled orders and brace themselves against the rhythmic gusts of bitter-cold wind.
The dislike ray gun is hit by a laser bolt and instantly explodes.
The fierce battle on the vast snow plains of Hoth rages on.
In the snow trench, Rebel troops fire large bazookalike guns and dishlike ray guns as explosions erupt around them.
A gun tower is hit by a laser bolt and instantly explodes.
Another blast destroys a ray gun.
His ship bucks violently under the impact and the cockpit explodes in a ball of flame.
A blast rocks the command center, throwing Threepio backward into Han's arms.
The stormtroopers, preparing to fire their bazooka cannon, are hit by the Falcon's fire and are thrown about in all directions.
The canopy over the X-wing lowers and snaps shut.
The droid disappears from sight, uttering a pathetic electronic scream.
The anger rises in Leia.
The wizened little thing is dressed in rags.
Artoo beeps a few angry, "Give me thats."
Immediately, he charges Luke, saber held high.
The metallic banging of the helmet fills the cave as Vader's head spins and bounces, smashes on the floor, and finally stops.
Chewie is very angry and starts to growl and bark at his friend and captain.
Annoyed at the disturbance, Luke looks over at Artoo, who is rocking urgently back and forth in front of him.
Angry, Han snaps off the intercom.
He struggles with the dilemma, a battle raging in his mind.
Chewie is going mad.
Threepio immediately begins to speak, but his voice is so slow and so low as to be nearly unintelligible.
Han's screams filter through the torture room door.
Han's rage peaks.
Han hauls off and punches Lando.
In a flash the guards have slipped binders on Chewbacca, who is too distraught to protest.
Chewie is in no mood for technical discussion; he gives the droid an angry glance and bark.
Luke glares at the tiny droid, who stops in his tracks with a feeble squeak.
Two stormtroopers, who follow, immediately spot Luke and open fire on him.
Several more doors clang shut, echoing through the chamber.
And with that, the door slams shut.
Once they are inside, the door slams shut and the stormtroopers race forward.
He lands on the floor and slashes at Vader as the room continues to fill up with steam.
They glimpse the Millennium Falcon for a moment before the door slams shut.
Chewie returns their fire as Lando punches desperately at the door's control panel.
As he scoots along with them, Artoo sends some angry beeps Threepio's way.
Shocked, Luke looks at Vader in utter disbelief.
Explosions erupt all around the cockpit, buffeting the ship wildly.
Chewie lets out a frustrated howl.
He gives Lando and angry shove as he storms past him.
Furious, Threepio stands on one leg, yelling.
Leia and Lando are thrown into their seats as the Millennium Falcon unexpectedly shoot into hyperspace.
top.location.href=location.href
Dignan stops.
The manager's got an intense, angry look on his face, staring at Dignan.
The officer is yelling behind the gate.
The guy gets out of his car, shaken up, and looks at them.
Bob punches it and flies backwards down the street.
He flips through it.
She pulls the shower curtain shut.
Inez knocks on the door of a room.
He shuts the door.
He pulls Dignan in and with his other hand fakes a hard punch.
The guy kicks him and curses in Spanish.
The bartender comes in with a bat in his hand and starts talking fast and angry in Spanish.
The guy gets out.
He screams: Pause.
Dignan punches Anthony is the face.
Dignan immediately turns and walks to the car.
He shuts the door and walks down the highway.
He throws it on the bed.
Dignan lands another punch.
Dignan throws one down.
Dignan, Anthony, and Bob immediately do the same.
There is a knock at the door.
Anger seizes her.
TEHRONNE is fucking Rae from behind.
He grips the money in a fist and cocks it to punch -- all in jest.
She takes the money.
Laz inhales smoke and exhales hate.
Laz turns to see the door shut behind his brother, DEKE WOODS.
Deke begins to turn but stops.
In one quick movement, Laz grips Deke by the throat and smashes the bottom of his bottle into jagged shards.
Laz slams the door behind him.
Gill pulls to the side of the road and kills the engine.
A rage builds in his eyes.
The door slams.
He slams the phone down again.
The Zippo lighter clasps shut.
Rae is writhing on the floor as if she is possessed -- a rant of raspy words pour from her mouth.
The beeping stops.
The pulling stops.
He stops in his tracks.
The door slams open.
Laz awakens from his rant.
The cicadas are screaming outside.
SLAM! Rae shuts the door.
His curses can be heard from outside.
Tears and fear come to Lincoln as Laz steps out onto the porch, fuming with rage.
R.L. quickly steps outside shutting the door behind him.
Gill is disturbed by Ronnie's sudden flood of emotion and tears.
Rage suddenly fills Gill.
He grabs Ronnie and throws him against the wall.
Ronnie cocks a .45
Ronnie pins Gill's elbow behind his back and retrieves the keys from his front pocket.
Laz stops.
She falls to the floor, dizzy and sucking in air.
It hits.
It is painful.
The guitar cracks on the floor.
Ronnie looks up at Rae, his eyes red with sorrow and rage.
Ronnie points his gun at her and screams.
A low sob is heard as he falls to his knees.
He slams the gun on the sink, opens a drawer and removes the wall phone.
He breaks.
Everyone steps outside, cocks an ear.
Brian JUMPS him, shuts off the hose and pins him to the pavement.
He crouches down, plays his flashlight along the ruined baseboard.
And the kid runs unexpectedly away, angry.
He gets out, looks under the hood, then SLAMS it down in frustration.
A pissed-off Chicago, hauling itself off to work in the morning snap, passes by Brian's window.
Sooty with stone gargoyles and a pair of faded red doors that suddenly CRANK OPEN as Brian comes up the drive.
Brian shouts over the noise to GRINDLE, 35, one more seat down.
The fire SCREAMS in manic anger and HEAVES a cloud of HOWLING steam that WHIRLS back and BAKES them like lobsters.
He SCREAMS as his grip loosens.
Adcox continues with the hose as suddenly, everyone HITS the deck as the fire EXPLODES over them, BURSTING their coats into flame.
The fire hisses, spits, shakes the walls with its furious anger.
He turns to backtrack his way out when A TONGUE OF FLAME suddenly LEAPS up through the floor in front of him, cutting off the door.
Shit.
Brian yells after him.
We sense the dislike between them.
Brian shuts off his shower and walks out.
Refined as she expertly works the room, schmoozing and hugging and calling various politicos by their first name.
Stephen suddenly PUNCHES Jackson.
And Brian's there, defending his brother, PUNCHING OUT a fireman.
An expanse of concrete lying out back of the station.
Brian stands there watching him in blind fury, finally exploding.
A MOTHER is screaming hysterically at Stephen as he jumps down from the engine.
Where they bomb up a staircase just as a WALL OF FIRE LASHES DOWN, KNOCKING them on their ass.
The fire retreats into another room, SLAMMING the door shut behind it.
That thing behind the door, that slobbering, evil thing.
Stephen HAMMERS the lock with his axe and KICKS the door open.
It's that goddamn flame again, leering at him.
Clouds of furious steam bellow out and across the ceiling.
He stands there a beat, hating himself.
Rimgale's angry gaze falls on Brian.
As he reaches down, we see a tiny wisp of smoke SUCK back under the door.
The moment he pushes the door open It EXPLODES OUTWARD in a Later and engine companies have already knocked down the building fire as Brian climbs out of Rimgale's red sedan.
Beat.
As the crew jumps down Tim trips and falls flat on his face.
He rushes for Tim as Tim's axe SMACKS the door and a whine behind it builds and roars and howls and Tim's all follow- through now, hitting the door with his shoulder as The door EXPLODES OUTWARD, HURLING TIM against the opposite wall and for an instant he's okay but he freezes in terror as A SHRIEKING TONGUE OF FLAME SHOOTS OUT THE DOORWAY and Grindle shouts in horror and opens his hose line as the flames wrap Tim like a jealous lover as Adcox hears it and screams, And Tim's screaming now too, because his helmet, his mask, his face, it's all melting and Grindle dives suicidally at the monster, BLASTING it with his hose as Stephen ignores the flames and puts his arms around Tim as Grindle DOUSES them both, killing the flames.
There's a corpse in there, burned and lying between two doors.
Frustration and fury tear at him as he takes off his coat and slams it to the ground.
FIRE DEPT.
Stephen's sitting there, ragged looking.
Rimgale hits it with a fire extinguisher.
Rimgale drags him out on the stoop beside Brian just as the gas WHUMPS and the doors and windows EXPLODE in a HOWLING FIREBALL, the shrapnel BLOWING Rimgale off his feet.
Rimgale suddenly kicks the bed frame in anger.
He kicks it over and over with frustration till something finally SNAPS off.
Brian waits, let's him vent his frustration.
He KICKS the bulkhead wall.
They're the only three people on earth.
He SMACKS the opposite wall, HITS the shut-off, and FALLS CRASHING into the pool beside Brian.
It leads to a stairwell that's become a RAGING TORRENT of water spilling down it.
They duck low, round a corner, -- And walk right into an axe handle that SMACKS Brian's throat KNOCKING him gasping flat on his back.
There's an exposed I-beam running from the ruined platform out over the catwalk.
He's heading for the hoseline when WHAM! -- The fire cuts him off.
Brian suddenly turns and SLAMS the neck of the extinguisher against the pole, BREAKING it off before HEAVING the cannister HISSING into the flames where it EXPLODES -- a cloud of extinguisher powder that STUNS the flames just long enough for Brian to dash through and TACKLE the hose.
Average people stop, take their hats off.
The other Scouts rag on him.
INDY takes off his hat and looks down at the o.s.
action.
HALFBREED and ROUGH RIDER SCREAM...  but it's Indy's end of the catwalk that DROPS DOWN... PLUNGING INDY to the floor of the car.
SMASH!
The WOODEN TRAP DOOR EXPLODES as a BULLET is FIRED from within.
FEDORA is mystified, frustrated and angered.
As ROSCOE runs outside INDY seesthrough the screen doorthe MAN IN THE PANAMA HAT waiting patiently beside the car that is parked out front.
Then, FEDORA takes off his hat and takes a step towards INDY.
He holds the hat by the crown, and puts it on Indy's head, a show of respect and admiration for the boy.
The hat brim fills the screen.
As the brim tilts up, WE SEE the face of FULL And...  POW!... he's punched in the face while his arms are pinned behind his back.
THE MAN IN THE PANAMA HAT (years older now.) removes the CROSS OF CORONADO from Indy's belt.
We're in the middle of a violent STORM AT SEA.
The TWO PORTUGUESE SAILORS (who have Indy's arms pinned behind his back.)
The crate explodes, causing the entire ship to blow, sending an enormous orange fireball into the sky.
Only now do we see the FADED LETTERING on the preserver revealing the destroyed ship's name and city of port: A SHREDDED PANAMA HAT floats past.
INDY is ushered into a large Art Deco apartment and left alone.
Suddenly INDY stops and looks up at DONOVAN with a startled expression.
lie the DECOMPOSED REMAINS of a KNIGHT IN ARMOR.
ELSA grabs the wheel and begins to steer the boat while INDY and the Turk trade punches.
INDY finally delivers the punch that sends the Turkish Agent flying overboard.
But the Enemy Speedboat EXPLODES as it is crushed between the two Freighters, FLYING INTO THE AIR and SPLASHING back down into the water.
He stands in the moving boat, FIRING A MACHINE GUN at INDY and ELSA.
A CHATTERING MACHINE GUN from Kazim's boat SPLINTERS the wood of Indy's boat, until finally the rear of the boat CATCHES ON FIRE.
INDY kicks KAZIM in the face, knocking him into the water, then pulls him back into the boat, now being SUCKED THROUGH THE CHURNING WATER toward the Steamer's giant propeller blades.
Then...  BAMI The door is kicked open and three NAZIS enter.
One is an S.S. OFFICER.
INDY's eyes blazes His nostrils flares He's so pissed off, he literally RIPS A MACHINE GUN from the hands of one of the startled soldiers...  and for a moment we think he's going to use it on his dad.
He opens a door and enters: INDY and HENRY rush back into the room where ELSA had been left, only to find: A Nazi COLONEL HOLDING ELSA HOSTAGE.
INDY  is thrown.
Everyone is yelling at once: VOGEL jams the barrel of the luger painfully into ELSA's neck.
Elsa SCREAMS.
INDY and HENRY are ushered in, hands tied behind back, accompanied by VOGEL and ELSA and TWO NAZI GUARDS.
INDY and HENRY react with stunned expressions.
BRODY takes off his hat.
SALLAH grabs BRODY and pulls him through the crowded streets.
VOGEL punches INDY in the jaw.
VOGEL and DONOVAN remain behind, flanked by NAZI Another car pulls up and VOGEL holds the door open for DONOVAN who gets into the rear seat.
She screams.
And he immediately begins to untie his father.
One of the RADIOMEN grabs INDY by the neck.
INDY picks up a BUST OF HITLER and uses it to jam the rotating wall in place, sealing the NAZIS inside the burning room.
The floor at INDY's feet suddenly begins DROPPING AWAYI INDY grabs a railing to keep from falling, but loses his grip and plunges through the opening which has formed a SPIRAL STAIRCASE.
VOGEL screams after INDY and HENRY as they drive off.
As the remaining NAZI SOLDIER rides alongside their motorbike he cocks his gun, preparing to fire.
The NAZI SOLDIER'S MOTORCYCLE FLIPS THREE TIMES, throwing him high into the air.
And the same goes for screaming.
VOGEL glances up and recognizes INDYwho quickly punches Vogel in the face, knocking him toward the window.
HENRY turns and grips the MOUNTED MACHINE GUN with a perplexed expression.
The Messerschmidt bears down on Indy's car, machine guns CHATTERING.
He opens the chamberthe GUN HAS NO BULLETS.
Holding his umbrella, HENRY suddenly spins around and runs screaming and shouting into A FLOCK OF SEA GULLS...  THE SEA GULLS take to the wing in flight.
MASSACRE!
HENRY removes his hat and hits INDY with it.
They EXPLODE, killing one of Kazim's Brethren.
BRODY has been left alone in the tank.
He slaps HENRY again.
Another slap.
He FIRES, CATAPULTING THE KUBELWAGON into the air, where it EXPLODES.
The smaller gun, blocked by the rocks, BACKFIRES, blowing the breech out into the face of the gunner, killing him and filling the tank with smoke.
Hate-staring at INDY Hate-staring back at VOGEL.
INDY now lies on top of VOGEL.
The EXPLOSION knocks INDY off the tank and onto the tread.
He screams as the gun scrapes against the cliff wall, sending stones tumbling down over him.
The NAZI SOLDIER knocks HENRY into a pile of boxes, then punches him in the face.
SPARKS FLY; then the BULLET PINGS AGAINST THE WINDOW and RICOCHETS ONCE MORE, this time passing THROUGH THE TANK DRIVER'S HAT.
Vogel's hat sails in and falls to the floor.
VOGEL now punches INDY in the back and grabs him around the neck.
We SEE his HAT BLOW OFF and sail over the cliff's edge.
The SOUND OF RIFLE BOLTS being cocked.
Stress.
His satnav sounds bizarrely loud, suddenly: Vaughn takes a deep breath, loathes the traffic outside.
Vaughn tries to saw/free it with increasing desperation and anger until we Vaughn pretends to read the paper in the kitchen.
There's a crack in Mia's voice that destroys Vaughn.
He fails.
That troubles him.
And he is unsettled.
The kettle boils.
The kettle over boils.
But he is troubled.
Mia drives then stops the car down an isolated country lane.
Vaughn and Brooke in bed: it should be heaven but its hell.
They struggle.
She smashes at him.
She SCREAMS like a wild animal, goes to punch him again; but Vaughn SNAPS: he lashes out at her, sends her flying backwards.
He stops and listens, so the slightly uneven SQUEAKING stops.
She throws him an angry face.
He wants to get the hell out.
The hell out of here.
It hits the floor and breaks.
Beat.
Not a killer blow, but enough to shut him up.
Mo locks the door behind them.
31 | P a g e Cy throws himself at the door, heaves at it.
This is insane.
Cy is too smashed and bloody and ruined to do more than grunt.
They fight a moment, but it's futile: Austen pulls back, humiliated and outraged.
The sound of the front door opening and slamming shut, OS.
A car slows near him and stops at traffic lights.
Later, a knock on Paul's door.
46 | P a g e The gun speaks to the other two guys, killing China outright and wounding the white guy badly.
White guy falls, screaming.
He kneels over white, tries to stop him screaming.
Emotionless, Jaden closes the car door and drives off.
One has the shank pointing at her, accusing, hating her.
Linden pulls his mask off, stares hatred at Lycia.
On her SCREAMS Jaden sprints flat out through the people, cars, and lights.
Fuck.
Jaden pulls out his gun and shoots himself in the head.
Thug#2 works Nicholas expertly, and with professional care.
Five minutes of Nicholas' screams.
An electrocardiograph flat line SOUND.
Mildly irritated, Boothy presses a button on an intercom.
He makes fists to stop them.
He recoils.
He shuts the door softly.
Blow after bloody blow.
Primal, she SCREAMS at him as she does it, and now the statue Uri is thrown sideways by the adrenal force of the blow.
Uri begins to crawl towards the door.
CALEB (20s, white.)
Another two blows  a fist and a kick.
She lands another two punches to his neck and face.
He PUNCHES her in the head twice.
Suddenly annoyed, he He goes to hit her in the face with his gun but she ducks.
He points his gun at her head.
Backing towards the door he looks and points his gun at her. 85 | P a g e He doesn't trust her, but he's going to take a chance.
ON Shona: SOUNDS of an explosion, shouting, and Shona screaming `Sandy!' followed by automatic weapons firing.
Irritated, he pours DOZENS of pills from various bottles out, savagely, and CRAMS them into her mouth.
He GRABS her by the hair, starts forcing her head towards his crotch.
In less than a second, Caleb goes from being in charge to being a grovelling, screaming piece of crap on the floor at her feet.
She KICKS at his gun hand.
He keeps hold of the gun screaming and gasping for breath he will never draw again.
A bullet SLAMS into the wall beside her.
A loud Caleb stops moving, instantly DEAD.
As she loses consciousness, BLACKNESS and the SOUND of distant, hallucinatory police SIRENS as we The radio ad jingle and bullshit fades to SILENCE as A year later: Shona sits looking at CAMERA.
Behind him, a window to the street with strips of paper taped on it as protection against blast.
The engineer has gone, but through the shattered window he sees fires raging.
The crowd is agitated, impatient for a policeman to stop the traffic and let them through.
He drops a coin on the marble and listens but the noise is too loud.
Szpilman stops.
Angry German voices from the Aryan side.
From the other side of the wall, the sound of an angry German voice and of a boot stamping violently on the boy.
The sound of the German voice swearing and the dull, crunching noise made by the boot smashing into the boy continues, and with every thud the boy screams in terrible pain.
He is dead.
Slamming of doors.
Then sound of shots, slamming doors, screams, shouts.
Szpilman stops.
Shots, shouts, a scream.
But he stops again, and so do the others.
Lying outside the door, the bodies of Jehuda, Mrs. Zyskind, their two sons and the toddler.
The mimeograph smashed.
He lies down on the floor.
He jumps down, is about to dash towards Janina, but stops dead.
Szpilman and Gebczynski wait with others at the stop as the tram trundles towards them and comes to a halt.
Deserted.
The Germans have stopped firing.
He turns to see the door of the flat open.
He tenses.
He leans against the wall near the door and waits.. Slamming of doors, German shouts, a scream.
A door slams.
Szpilman lies on the divan.
From a bread tin he takes a small, flat greaseproof paper parcel and unwraps it.
He continues to try to cut the bread, when there's a loud hammering on the front door.
The hammering stops.
Michal carries a bag of provisions and puts them on a table while Szpilman goes immediately to the window and looks out.
A battle raging.
Grenades thrown, machine-gun fire exchanged.
Isolated explosions.
The attic door being kicked in by a German boot.
He hides behind three garbage bins by the wall.
Later: A fire on the floor.
She runs, yelling, towards the field kitchen.
More shots and another grenade explosion.
She's stunned, then genuinely angry.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
David lies on the floor, his head propped against a wall.
After the BEEP, David hangs up, gets a DIAL TONE, and punches re- dial.
After the BEEP, he hangs up, gets a DIAL TONE, and punches re-dial.
He swings.
David starts to put the receiver back, then suddenly starts smashing it against the phone's body; he smashes it long after there is anything left to destroy, long after his hand bleeds.
Lightning.
More lightning.
She's upset.
A beat.
The man's T-shirt reads, "It's Simple: You Kill, You Get Killed."
She sucks air.
The drizzle has stopped.
She punches scan.
Bitsey runs down the middle of the two-lane highway.
In SLOW MOTION, she screams, falls to her knees wailing, but we cannot hear her.
Bitsey locks the door, puts the tape into a Hi-8 deck.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Daniel stops at one, removes a pen knife and starts to cut the canvas from the frame.
A beat.
The painting is ruined.
A beat.
He opens to the doors to reveal a man in his underwear, his wrists tied behind his back, his mouth taped shut.
Marcel punches Sami in the stomach.
Marcel slams the door then grabs Sami by the ear and yanks him to his feet.
Sami looks like an idiot with his hand up in the air.
Zero is left with Sami who stares at him with disbelief.
Vinny gets off his knees and moves towards Zammito.
He KNOCKS on the door and waits.
Marcel is angered by this.
A beat.
Marcel grabs him by the hair and rapidly punches him in face several times -- each punch backing the Biker into the room.
BIKER #2 moves in behind Marcel and throws a hard punch as Marcel turns around.
Raphael pushes him to the floor.
THEIR POV -- Tied to a chair, his mouth taped shut, is a very angry Frankie Zammito.
A beat.
We hear a loud scream on the phone.
He slams the phone down.
Hadley's body jerks violent as he screams.
There is a loud knock on the door.
Hadley punches Wayne in the face.
He puts it in his pocket and stares at Wayne, then just for the hell of it gives him one last kick in the ribs.
We hear a loud scream.
Zammito grabs him by the neck and smashes his face into the wall.
Daniel slowly grabs his gun and places it on the floor, then kicks it under the bed.
A beat.
In the background we hear the loud, agonizing scream from the black guy as he finds Ellwood's body.
The sound of GUN FIRE fills the air as Raymond shoots from the Cadillac.
--   Plaster explodes off the walls as bullets rip through them.
He shoots the lock and moves through the door.
He shoots off the lock.
Daniel and Marcel run towards Zero, firing their guns as fast as they can pull the trigger.
As he nears Marcel he throws the extra gun to him.
A beat.
Bonanno's anger is visible.
A beat.
Hadley is waiting by the statue holding a cardboard box.
Lamar cocks the hammer back on his gun and presses the barrel to Hadley's forehead.
Hadley stands there fuming.
Raymond knocks on the door.
Another gang member kills him.
He flips head over heals then smashes into the windshield and over the car.
top.location.href=location.href
We CUT IN to ongoing conversation between the middle-aged PERSONNEL OFFICER and a YOUNG MAN standing in front on his desk.
Charlie T.'s eyelids slip shut.
The box office is flanked on both sides by glass cages filled with explicit publicity stills.
She thinks to herself: "What the Hell.
Travis, protesting, follows.
Travis is in C.U. in the middle of the floor doing push-ups.
He looks to his right: the crumpled $20 bill still lies there, untouched since it was thrown there six hours previously.
The bloody BODY lies on the floor unmoving.
CHARLIE T calls to TRAVIS as they go: CHARLIE T cocks his imaginary gun again, fires and chuckles.
His strained voice rings with sincerity and anger.
Out of his mouth comes a continuous stream of invective: "That-cock-sucking-crazy-no- good-asshole-bitch-when-I-get-my-fucking-fingers-on-her- nigger-tits-I'm-gonna-ring-em-and-shit-up-her-ass... " and so on.
Sport immediately takes Travis for an undercover cop.
hooked behind his back.
Magnum from behind his back and transfers the .38
A bullet has ripped through the left side of his neck.
The door to No. 2 opens: IRIS' scream is heard in the b.g.
First uniformed POLICE OFFICER rushes in room, drawn gun in hand.
OVERHEAD SLOW MOTION TRACKING SHOT surveys the damage: -- from IRIS shaking against the blood-spattered wall -- to TRAVIS blood-soaked body lying on the sofa -- to THE OLD MAN with half a head, a bloody stump for one -- to POLICE OFFICERS staring in amazement -- to the PRIVATE COP's bullet-ridden face trapped near the -- to puddles of blood and a lonely .44
Two Mexican men, State Police officers, JAVIER RODRIGUEZ, 30's, and MANUEL "MANOLO" SANCHEZ, 20's, wearing jeans, knock- off Polo shirts, and cowboy boots, wait patiently in the car.
A man is pulling down the door behind it when three unmarked squad cars ROAR into the lot, surrounding the unit, officers exit the cars with their guns drawn -- Gordon and Castro stare in disbelief.
It's CHAOS, a clusterfuck of law-enforcement zeal with three competing sets of good guys shouting through BULL-HORNS, GUNSHOTS and SCREAMING.
A bong hit is expelled into the air.
Tourist hell.
A cacophony of street venders, panhandlers, and vehicular traffic.
Gordon goes to the door and shuts it in her face.
Tourists, drunk Marines and the homeless piss away another day.
It's weird and disassociated, people wandering in and out, playing with kitchen utensils, heavily fucked up.
FUCKED-UP BOWMAN, 17, super-preppy with a wan, Baby Huey face, takes a slug of vodka.
They are jittery, sweaty, tweaked, fucked-up -- Everyone looks at Fucked-up Bowman who grinds his jaw appreciatively -- Seth's words come quickly, they're riffing, totally in sync, totally wired -- Fucked-up Bowman takes another slug of vodka and almost pukes.
Vanessa SCREAMS.
The car screeches around the circle -- TWO OFFICERS in a police car see the body tumble out of the car.
He SCREAMS and passes out.
Javier stands guard outside a door, listening  to the strangulated SCREAMS of Francisco.
He's sickened.
The judge SLAMS his gavel.
There's a KNOCKING at the door of the van.
They shut the door to the van and sit for a moment.
An older JUNKIE shoots them a crazy look -- They wait.
She does it and lies back.
She does the hit.
He throws it into the sink.
A fat kid in an inner-tube floats behind them.
Angry?
He hangs up.
He slams it again and again.
There's a KNOCK on the door.
He snaps the case shut and quickly exits the room.
His eyes shut.
Only his shoulders, head, and ridiculous ears remain above the quicksand of milky glop.
After a beat.
There's a beat.
There's a beat.
There's a beat.
There's another KNOCK on the door.
He shoves.
There is a scuffle.
Mother and children scream.
Abra slams Sampson against the side of the vehicle - then, goading him to go for his gun, screams: Sampson's shaking hand hovers - ready to draw.
CLOSE ON: Abra: An hysterical rage; he shrieks: CLOSE ON: The black cowboy boots, trousers down around them.
SLAM ZOOM: To Benvolio - weapon outstretched he screams: MUSIC STING; A SUPER MARCO SLAM ZOOM along the barrel of Benvolio's gun; the engraved gun type reads: 'Sword 9mm series S' CUT TO: Benvolio.
He screams in desperation: Gregory, Sampson, Abra, and Petruchio freeze.
A moment - then from behind, the unmistakable sound of a gun being cocked.
Mother and children scream.
CUT TO: Gregory firing - a bullet rips through Abra's arm.
The limousine is stuck in the traffic snarl - bullets bounce off its bullet proof windshield.
He strides along the sidewalk raging.
Mercutio now intensely angry: He screams into the night.
He breaks off.
CUT TO: Benvolio in the car.
The door slams open.
CLOSE ON: Capulet, exploding with rage.
CLOSE ON: Tybalt choking back tears of rage.
Warm wind blows the smoke from the expended fireworks.
Benvolio yells after him.
The sound of automatic weapons cocking pierces the night.
Incredulous.
Romeo feigns anger.
Juliet's frustration explodes.
In an effort to head Tybalt off, he guns his damaged machine down a one way street.
CUT TO: Romeo's car firing out of the one way street and slamming into Tybalt's car.
Police sirens, cars swerving, people screaming, and the yelling of panicked commands fade to a nothingness.
His eyes full of rage.
A bullet grazes Romeo's arm - his gun drops as he screams.
Divided by the statue of Christ, they suffer the storm's rage.
He throws her to the floor.
She pulls the gun, pointing it towards herself.
The rap, rap, rap of knocking echoes through the park...  CUT TO: The source of the knocking.
Exploding with fury, Romeo throws Balthasar against the vehicle.
BEAT.
BANG!
An angry Captain Prince bellows into the radio.
He bangs off three shots through a pane of broken glass and screams at the police.
Romeo uses the crowbar to wedge the doors shut.
He bangs off another shot as he yells out at the Police.
CRACK!
Now, MEN IN "FBI" WINDBREAKERS haul Pasqual away, two of them carefully handling the certs-explosive.
She flips it off.
Where the fuck is she?
She pulls her shirt from the floor, puts it on.
Annoyed, Corwin finally looks over.
Corwin shakes his head, idiot.
The door opens, a rush of steam.
A beat.
While they wait for their order, Natalie punches something up on her computer.
Shit.
Natalie comes back, a little annoyed.
He's boxed in.
With a coiled towel, she grabs his gun arm and expertly flips him.
He jumps up, and with a single motion grabs an overhead pipe and kicks another, releasing a wall of steam -- we can't see a thing.
He's wearing lederhosen, with a feather in his hat.
Thug Two is approaching from behind, curious what the hell is going on.
Her feet pressed to the sooty walls, she expertly slides to the bottom.
A quick kick knocks Pokerman to the floor, where Alex rolls on top of him.
Hearing a KICK at the door, he turns.
A second KICK blows the door open.
ANGLE ON Alex.   It's an oh-shit moment.
Back at the front door, Alex pulls it shut.
Everyone SCREAMS.
Dylan SLAMS open the door, knocking one RIDER off.
thunders over.
Dylan steals away, heading for...  Corwin is seething mad as he pulls into his pit.
In all the cacophony, no one notices as she grabs CORWIN'S SUITCASE out of the back seat of his regular car, a bitching Mercedes.
Still hot on the Thin Man's tail, Natalie has the engine As she passes the police cars, we see several OFFICERS look over -- what the hell?
She hoists in a large duffel bag, then shuts herself inside.
BWEEP BWEEP as his alarm shuts off.
Bosley climbs in, shutting the door behind him.
fire at her, one of them pulling off his silencer and going to machine gun mode.
He stops at Natalie's stall door, drawing his gun.
She grabs it.
Vivian snaps her phone shut.
What the hell is going on?
Bosley is going a little insane.
The Thin Man cocks his gun as he heads to the tower to do away with Bosley.
She's about to swing again when five guns get cocked against her temple.
Vivian jumps on top, ready to kick the shit out of our angel.
Vivian grabs the phone off the floor.
Who the fuck cares?
Getting up, Natalie stares her down, incredulity building to rage.
Vivian is thrown back against the bookcase, where she knocks over a candlestick.
She throws the limp body on the floor.
They slam into the doors, and we...
Dylan races past rows of seats, pissing off plenty of fans in the process.
Alex walks out into the hallway, frustrated.
immediately goes to intercept him, but...  It's the Thin Man, standing behind her, with a gun in her back.
The Thin Man immediately responds, throwing two quick punches, which Alex expertly blocks and then follows with a hitch-kick to the chin.
Charlie's not the glamorous, smug asshole he imagined.
Bosley is there as well, with a grass hat and zinc on his sniffer.
Above this din one particular victim yells for mercy - a mixture of tears and roars of rage.
The din is furious now.
It's called the Lament Configuration, and it's a way to raise Hell.
We are hearing the tip of a debate they've had dozens of times, which immediately annoys them both.
She struggles with it.
The door of the Torture Room is pushed open.
He hates the sight of his own blood.
But not in front of these bastards.
Blood comes faster, hitting the floor between them.
The blood keeps hitting the floor.
Slap; slap; slap.
The floor, is heavily spattered with blood.
From outside, the sound of a car door slamming.
We move towards the blood on the floor.
As he moves to the door, she throws a piece of cloth off a hammer, which lies beside the wall.
To avoid the following blow he stumbles blindly towards the wall but JULIA's not going to be stopped now.
She strikes him.
He twitches.
JULIA backs towards the door, as the broken, skeletal form crawls out of darkness to claim its sustenance.
In the room behind her, terrible sounds of feeding.
She goes to the door, and leaves him, locking it behind her.
She screams.
Her scream becomes louder, as we STEVE sits bolt upright in bed, while KIRSTY yells.
First he throws open the Junk Room.
Then he moves towards the Torture Room.
He throws open the door.
JULIA is at the door, turning the key in the lock.
The humming stops.
SYKES' scream covers the sound of KIRSTY forcing the back door open.
SYKES screams.
Half way up the stairs, the scream stops.
SYKES'  shrieks stop.
FRANK's head is thrown back, and he screams.
He strikes her.
She's thrown against the wall.
He's FURIOUS now.
Strikes her again.
She throws the box.
KIRSTY propels herself out of the Room, and down the stairs, while FRANK vents his anger above her.
As she approaches she hears the distant, rhythmical sob of a baby.
At this, the creature with the wired open jaw chatters like a mad monkey.
He knocks on the door.
Lying on the floor inthe middle of the room is a skinned corpse, in a tangle of torn clothing.
KIRSTY screams, as FRANK lunges for her.
The Torture Room door is open, but the skinned body is in there, so instead she heads for the Junk Room, and opens the door.
The door of the Junk Room opens.
FRANK turns on KIRSTY, who avoids one slice of the knife, and another, but is driven back into the Torture Room.
Any moment, surely, the whole place will be destroyed.
The box lies between KIRSTY and THE ENGINEER, which now uses its forelegs to crawl over the hallway towards her, its legs still bracing it in the door.
Howling its complaint, it is drawn out into the darkness beyond the door, and disappears.
The door slams behind them, of its own accord.
She slams the panel shut.
He sees a PELICAN get SUCKED into the TURBINE.
Hissing.
His hands are at his open fly and he's in position to piss into the soup.
Tyler and Jack move clumsily, throwing punches.
The crowd YELLS MORE WILDLY than before.
CHATTER gets LOUDER.
The two fighters circle, then begin throwing PUNCHES...  Harder, faster PUNCHES between the two.
Jack's pissed, staring at the man, who stares back.
Tyler turns -- starts reining PUNCHES into the Opponent's GROIN...  Jack lands a couple of BLOWS to HIS OPPONENT'S stomach -- brings up a left uppercut that smashes the Opponent's jaw.
The Opponent SMASHES Jack's head to the floor, over and over.
Bodies hit the FLOOR.
Insane GRUNTING and LAUGHING.
Before he can knock, Marla's hand shoots out and grabs him...  Marla pulls Tyler inside and shuts the door.
Jack walks, HEARS Marla SCREAM in orgasm.
Jack rises slowly, walks to his door, shuts it.
Jack awkwardly puts his bandaged hand behind his back.
Jack PUNCHES HIMSELF in the nose.
He punches himself in the jaw, throws himself back as if by the force of the punch, SLAMS against a framed picture and SHATTERS the glass.
He hits the floor.
LOUD.
Lou proceeds to beat the shit out of Tyler, PUNCHING his face, his stomach.
The Yuppies gets up, angry, and Ricky PUNCHES him...
The Mechanic shoves the Seminarian, who responds with a half-assed PUNCH.
The Mechanic sprints after him, PUNCHING the Seminarian in the back of the neck.
A FIST smashes a JAW.
In the background, a CAR quickly EXITS the parking lot -- front tires EXPLODING, wheel rims throwing sparks.
The Yuppie SWINGS a BASEBALL BAT -- DESTROYS a digital SATELLITE DISH.
Nearby, Rob throws handfuls of wet BREADCRUMBS to PIGEONS...  HUNDREDS of PIGEONS -- a rooftop feeding-frenzy.
Tyler COCKS the gun.
Luxury AUTOMOBILES are parked, splattered with BIRD SHIT.
Jack stays back to keep the door shut.
Jack battles Angel Face, BEATING the shit out of him with unprecedented viciousness.
They SMASH into the stalled car -- AIRBAGS INFLATE!
Ricky comes out the front door with the BROOM...  Ricky HITS them with the broom, then goes in, SLAMS THE DOOR.
At his feet -- DRIED BLOOD on the concrete floor.
He walks to a KITCHEN DOOR, opens it and peers in at...  a GROUP of KITCHEN WORKERS solemnly stand in a circle, chanting... Jack whirls, startled -- facing the wounded BARTENDER, who wears a NECK BRACE, his nose a smashed eggplant.
The room door SLAMS OPEN as Jack bursts out of the room, carrying his suitcase, SPRINTING for the STAIRWELL...  Jack races down, three steps at a time, dragging his suitcase - BOOM, BOOM, BOOM - behind him... Jack hurries to the front door, his suitcase half-broken open, passing the front desk.
He throws the phone, pocketing the bill.
DOORS HISS SHUT.
Jack SCREAMS.
A KNOCK at the door.
Jack kicks and screams and writhes.
Jack gets one leg free, KICKS, knocks Flat-top backwards -- Flat-Top SLAMS the wall, falls.
The bench immediately recoils from the glass, SLAMS Jack's groin!
The doors open and MARLA'S dragged out, kicking and screaming, carried by SIX SPACE MONKEYS...
Jack grabs the gun and follows...  Jack smashes the door open.
Jack RUNS up a flight of stairs, kicks open ANOTHER DOOR...  Jack steps forward, gun up... TWO INTERLOCKED HANDS SLAM down onto his head.
Tyler dodges, PUNCHES, knocks the gun out of Jack's hand.
They FIGHT, trading PUNCHES, grappling, taking each other to the floor...  Banks of SECURITY MONITORS sit unmanned.
He swings his left hand up, punching empty air, then swings his right hand -- PUNCHING himself in the side of the head...  Tyler and Jack fight viciously, bloodied.
Tyler grabs Jack's shirt, pulls him forward, SWINGS HIM -- THROWS him DOWN THE STAIRS...  Jack TUMBLES horribly down... HITS BOTTOM, striking his head on the floor.
Tyler's getting to his feet, sees the gun, annoyed.
Jack COCKS the hammer on the gun.
Jack and Marla are left alone.
THE ROOM IS With a WHOOSH, the WINDOW EXPLODES, showering the TWO with shards of GLASS, and throwing them to the floor.
It is a basement hallway full of LOCKERS which STUDENTS are banging open and shut as they put stuff in and take stuff out.
The knock on the door grows louder.
We follow the electrical overcharge as it crackles along the WIRES and CABLES inside the WALLS and FLOORS.
Some are stopping to look up at the girl on the second floor who screams (but they can't hear, of course.)
He fumbles with it.
THORKEL steams out and bangs shut the DOOR.
Everybody leaves and Harry is left alone, he throws his bag down.
He goes into the experimental chamber, he overlooks the SPIDER which is scuttling away and crawls inside the open WINDOW...  and into the chamber.
OCK is angry...  Ock now sees the SPIDER.
The MONITOR is flashing "MAXIMUM OVERLOAD - SHUT DOWN!" OCK continues with the experiment.
OCK'S YELLOW THERMOS distorts and EXPLODES!
He screams.
The long SCREAM segues to a POLICE SIREN.
Many NYPD CARS are already there, along with a NUCLEAR REGULATORY VAN, some AMBULANCES, a VAN from the ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY and TWO TV VANS.
This elicits a flood of AD LIBS: "I heard a terrible explosion?"
He dashes off.
He sees a UNIFORMED GUARD hold the DOOR open for THREE MEN IN RADIATION SUITS who remove some weirdly fused objects.
What in the hell has happened here?
It bites.
PETER throws the SPIDER to the ripply tile floor where it scuttles unsteadily out the door.
The GUARD throws PETER out and then throws his BACK PACK at him.
A WALDO shoots up and grabs THORKEL by the throat.
He GASPS and SCREAMS silently as the telescoping WALDO lifts him off his feet.
CRUSHER COLE is destroying an opponent.
The acrobatics get more and more dramatic as CRUSHER COLE works himself up into a theatrical rage.
CRUSHER bellows at the SCREAMING CROWD.
300 pounds.
KIM screams.
Suddenly a WALDO smashes through the DRIVER'S SIDE WINDOW of the ARMORED TRUCK, wrapping around the DRIVER'S NECK and pulling him through the WINDOW.
The SHOTGUN goes for his weapon, but a WALDO smashes in and pulls the GUN out through his WINDOW.
WEINER is putting on a CLOWN SUIT.
He hands PETER an oversized TEN GALLON HAT.
Then she shrieks.
BANG!
They scuffle.
He falls down, immediately encircled by the POLICE OFFICERS.
Then it cuts out.
There is a knock at the DOOR.
There's a KNOCK at the DOOR.
She is about to open the door when FOUR WALDOS smash through it, obliterating it.
OCK warms immediately.
She sticks his WALDO in the ELECTRIC WALL SOCKET behind the COMPUTER!
LIZ, safe for the moment, watches OCK recede below, shaking the torn off door in a rage.
It knocks him to another GIRDER.
and throws himself down in his CHAIR.
The COUPLE stops in their tracks.
SCREAMS, HONKS, SIRENS can be heard.
But she screams again anyway.
Oh, shut up!
She screams.
She screams.
The BULLET makes a THWUMP noise.
OCK runs through HONKING TRAFFIC.
They spot OCK stuck in traffic.
The SCREEN is flashing "WARNING, Security Breach!"
He is lost in a mad rapture.
He grabs for the "BULLET" but the WALDOS grab him and throw him back.
Cacophony!
She kicks and screams against the Anti-Force.
Like a child denied, he smashes his steel fists against the floor again and again.
OCK throws the POWER THROTTLE to 98% POWER.
SPARKS fly and WALDOS flail blindly, smashing things.
He grabs SPIDEY and slam dunks him through the hole in the floor.
TWO WALDOS erupt through the floor and grab SPIDEY.
They pull SPIDEY to the floor.
She struggles against it.
LIZ screams!
A huge rabbit climbs out and brushes off the snow, annoyed.
This stops Bunnymund in his tracks.
WHOOSH! - the snowball goes flying through the air and - BOOF! - the snowball hits Jamie smack in the back of the head.
His temper subsides.
A little pissed.
Jack looks over his shoulder; an angry yeti pounds his fist into his palm.
It's chaos.
This is bad.
Only then does it hit her.
He growls.
PITCH looks at the Nightmare, frustrated, and scowls.
The Dreamsand baseball smacks Tooth right in the face and explodes into golden dust.
THUD!
She takes the globe and toddles off for the door, when she trips - again - and the snow globe smashes on the floor.
Sandy quickly grabs Pitch with another DREAMSAND STREAM and yanks him off his feet, slamming him repeatedly against the tops of the buildings until finally throwing him off the rooftop.
This is like a punch in Jack's gut.
THUD!
THUD!
Jamie picks up a snowball and throws it at his friends.
He rises up, his entire body shaking with rage, and screams at them.
The flickering stops.
She hangs up.
She heads out, the screen door clattering shut behind her.
The street car is approaching, but she doesn't want to piss off her boss by running off.
The Cook is annoyed.
Christine stops.
Annoyed, Jones paces, then picks up the phone.
He goes to the door, stops, turns.
Christine fumbles the plate and it SMASHES to the floor.
Christine, newspaper in hand, is pacing, furious.
A crowd of police officers, armed with machine-guns, BLAST the hell out of a group of guys lined up against a wall.
He stops an officer.
The Matron cuffs Christine's hands behind her back.
They force-march her down the hall, the screams of the insane growing louder, falling deeper into the nightmare.
She starts SCREAMING.
There is a GUN on the floor of the trunk.
Gordon picks it up inside the rag.
He slams into Ybarra, knocking him down.
Ybarra cuffs Sanford's hands behind his back.
Gordon slams the hood shut, looks to Sanford.
The kids, screaming.
Jones is on the phone, pissed and getting more pissed by the moment.
He slams the phone down.
She struggles as the others look on, and you can see in their eyes that they don't like what they're seeing, there's rage -- -- and a furious Carol Dexter comes to her aid.
Biting.
Kicking.
The orderly hauls Carol off, kicking and screaming, as Christine is moved toward the nurse's station.
They GRAB her and start muscling her down the hall, Christine kicking and screaming as they go.
Gordon is toweling off his hair when he hears a car door slam shut.
With nowhere else to run, Gordon fights for all he's got, the punches from both coming fast and furious.
Traffic stops.
Briegleb and Collins slowly exchange a look somewhere between disbelief and "oh shit."
Takes off his hat.
There's another knock on the door.
They lunge at the door, trying to get out, but it slams shut in their faces.
Castor quietly shuts the security door behind him.
As Archer punches up line two -- Tito bursts in.
Eye-contact -- years of hatred pass between these men.
plows through the GLASS DOOR, the NOSE-WHEEL SNAPS off.
Loomis hits the floor -- his bleeding ear is shredded.
Wired to a complex machine -- Pollux seems to have his frustrated interrogators on the run.
Pollux remains implacable Lazarro shuts down the monitor...  turns to Archer.
Lazarro blanches as an obsessed Archer repeatedly slams the table leg against the wall -- above Dietrich's head.
Archer hovers over Sasha -- her maternal warmth replaced by an icy hatred.
Instead -- Fury erupting, Eve pushes Archer out of the bed.
A jet-black helicopter drops from the sky like an angry wasp.
The CHOPPER DOOR SLAMS SHUT.
The agent smashes his elbow into Archer's gut.
The prison's nerve center -- with video-feeds and monitors designed to keep problems and privacy to a minimum.
Crack!
Walton punches Archer in the diaphragm.
Walton smashes Archer harder -- he hits the floor.
Archer immediately stops.
Archer's boots lock down -- as the guillotine door rises.
Castor reacts as she gets in the car and pulls out.
She slams it -- but he gets his foot inside.
Lazarro stomps toward them...  furious.
Watching the TV, Archer's enraged, frustrated.
Crack!
Archer is dumped on the floor.
Crack!
The HEAD-BOLTS FIRE, catching the Med-Tech through the shoulder -- he drops to the floor, his synapses shot.
As Archer pulls free -- Walton looms over him -- gun poised.
Dubov lumbers over and puts his massive weight into it -- and slams the door shut.
They grab their shock-sticks and rush for the door.
Archer grabs a shock-stick -- and fuses the door shut.
Chaos.
Guards scatter as the huge diamond-vision SCREEN EXPLODES and inmates are flung like rag-dolls by their short-circuiting boots.
The DOOR is BLOWN open.
Pulling the door shut, he collapses in front of it -- blocking it momentarily.
He throws switches.
He starts to FIRE his MACHINE GUNS...  BULLETS RAIN down on the boat -- destroying it -- as Archer dives into the rolling swells... Walton RAKES the debris -- shredding it.
Archer's cornered like an animal as the angry teens pound on the windows.
Aldo goes for his gun, but Archer's too quick -- he strips him of it.
SMASH!
With a fluid motion, Castor expertly SNAPS open a well- oiled SWITCHBLADE and hands it to an astonished Jamie.
Upset, she takes it from his hands.
Chaos.
Dietrich and the others scatter and hit the floor.
SWAT agents swarm to get in -- FIRING and throwing FLASH-GRENADES.
as one agent lands, Archer knocks his gun to the floor.
scoops up the kicked weapon -- and cold-cocks another rappelling agent.
Archer dives and grabs the boy as the GLASS FLOOR EXPLODES up.
Agents and thugs FIRE blindly upward and downward through the floor -- desperate to hit their targets.
He pulls open a hidden door.
Archer slams out of the interior stairwell -- but BULLETS force him to take cover behind the cupola.
Without hesitation, he jerks up his GUN and PUTS a BULLET right in the middle of Loomis's forehead.
Castor looks at the dead kid -- his rage barely abated as -- Buzz and Wanda arrive on the scene and see Loomis's body.
Fury rising, he crumples the frame -- and the photo -- in his clenching grip.
Lazarro shuts the door behind him.
He punches up the intercom button.
SMASH!
He HITS the GAS -- SCREAMING away.
Just when he grabs it -- CAW-CAW -- an annoying BLUEBIRD hovers over Archer.
THUMP!
As the saluting GUNS FIRE in the b.g.
Archer FIRES back -- killing Lars and driving Castor back.
Archer knocks the boat owner to safety -- as the BAIT HOUSE BLOWS UP behind him.
Their boats smash and pound each other.
The POLICE BOAT'S rear SMASHES into Archer's craft.
As the family heads inside, the door closes, shutting us out.
She SCREAMS!
BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! EXPLOSIONS.
It should be obvious Ray feels insecure in the college environs, but they're miscommunicating.
Students throw FRISBEE in the street.
She locks three deadbolts.
She SCREAMS.
Julie SCREAMS.
The noise gets louder as she heads down the hall.
The noise is at its loudest -- Julie reaches for a doorknob -- and yanks open the door.
Ray pulls over to the shoulder and stops.
Ray has seen this before -- He throws open his door.
Ray is exposed.
Tyrell is put off by this aggressive comment.
The cop explains things to the doctor.
She doesn't let Karla see that it upset her.
Tyrell nods and punches a few buttons.
Derrick throws the hose in its place.
Tyrell moves in for the kill.
Karla SCREAMS.
Tyrell is angry, but Karla pulls him back.
Julie turns off the water -- and KLUNK-KLUNK -- and NOISE at her door.
Her eyes immediately go to...  Damn.
He throws it open.
She knocks again and notices her hand leaving bloody marks on the door.
She turns, and she starts to SCREAM, she is yanked into the room.
A DO NOT DISTURB sign flips over the handle and the door SLAMS shut.
We hear her SCREAMS from inside.
Angry at her boyfriend, Karla gets out of bed and joins Julie.
Lies down in her underwear.
The door SLAMS shut behind him.
Karla hammers the bag with a series of quick punches.
She looks down a beat, and SCREAMS bloody murder.
Karla SCREAMS again.
She runs to the door and locks it.
Karla SCREAMS.
She begins to SCREAM!
He picks one up and smashes it in half on the ground.
Tyrell and Will stop outside the door.
Suddenly, they both hear KARLA SCREAMING.
Karla SCREAMS -- THE POWER CUTS OUT and the hotel plunges into darkness.
Karla SCREAMS.
There is a loud KNOCKING at the door.
The third headstone reads: "A Lying Whore" is scratched with a knife.
Ray guns the boat away.
The hatch slams shut.
They are cut off.
There is a thick glass window set in the middle of the door.
He throws his shoulder against the door.
The women SCREAM!
They SCREAM.
Ray guns the boat straight up onto the beach.
Karla SCREAMS.
Nancy screams and looks over Estes's shoulder to see standing there holding a spear gun.
Karla, blind with rage, attacks the fisherman.
He shoves her.
He COCKS the hammer.
Will and Ray wrestle, punching each other repeatedly in the face.
Ben SCREAMS in rage.
THWACK.
He knocks him again and again and Ray is beaten, giving up...  Ben has Ray against a tombstone.
The closet door is shut.
She shuts the window.
She throws open the closet door.
They're both covering like mad, both realizing Sharon's been left out.
She stares, then...  Pissed, he throws his hammer down on the plywood, turns to her.
Instead of throwing it to one of the boys, he fires it at the wall.
coming closer and the scream of brakes from his memory, and all of this is exploded -- by the angry DRIVER shouting at him.
The Driver exits his car and comes toward him, raging.
The Man hurries toward him, upset, angry.
He shoves Catch again, and Catch's desperate confusion explodes in a surprising reaction, grabbing the Man's jacket front in one hand and not punching him but quickly slap, slap, slapping him, saying...
She's very conflicted    about this.
Someone begins KNOCKING on her door and she sits up, bleary and frustrated.
She is hurting for him.
Larry is in the doorway now, angry.
Sharon goes close to him, rigid with fury.
And she leaves the house and SLAMS the DOOR.
He hunts.
She has misgivings.
She's upset by this.
The Woman gets into the car and slams the door.
He is still angry, but sorry to see her go.
Then he   walks on, upset, mad at himself, trying to pound through   it, walking quickly.
Larry opens the door, already angry, his nose bandaged, eyes blackened a bit from the blow.
In a moment, we hear the sound of ROARING CARS, their TIRES SCREECHING as they turn onto this street, one car speeding ahead to cut off the other and force it to stop.
The biker is angry.
But Catch won't turn to him, walking on -- and the man gets in front of him, raging.
He has to stop in the middle of the street to wait a moment, and he stands there, stricken.
As the traffic moves around him and the dog -- a HORN BLARES, BRAKES SCREECH, and he thrown into a storm of...
He begins to shut down, to grow cold and numb and not hear this.
He pulls his hand away again, more violently, a layer of rage over his pain.
She just punches up the CAD monitor, all business.
We see Larry grow tense and angry.
His nose is still bandaged, but less so, anger and betrayal in his eyes.
She stops herself, catching her rush toward the old anger.
Sharon is angry and embarrassed, keeping her voice low.
Angry and shaken, she turns to the door.
We see a surprised and angry look from Larry, a worried look from her Mother -- but Sharon is moving through the crowd, searching until she sees her Father.
Sharon enters, waits, others are leaving the kitchen, leaving her alone with her dad, but he starts to follow them.
As Guy gets off the with his suitcase and tennis rackets.
Bruno's fist crashes down on the little table, upsetting it, as he gets to his feet.
The small boy pointing the gun fires it twice with a couple of 'bangs!'
Suddenly,  as Bruno is getting out of boat, there is a loud scream from the island.
She has been staring at the floor, but brings her eyes up slowly to glare at Guy with a look of burning hatred.
Momentarily Guy is frustrated, then he turns quietly to Turley.
Guy's arguments have made no impression on Bruno whatsoever.
In the box.
WITH A DISSOLVE the whole character of this page changes with the exception of Guy's picture, which becomes surrounded with large type, announcing the arrest of Guy Haines for the murder of his wife Miriam.
Guy smashes.
We HEAR the smash of the ball and the voice of the Umpire.
Guy smashes.
Guy smashes.
His racket smashing at the ball.
pulls his hat a little further over his, eyes.
We get a glimpse of screaming women and the crowds rushing up from the midway.
DOC WALKS DOWN THE BLEAK HALLWAY: A BLACK PRISONER PASSES Doc in the corridor, they slap hands...  the Guard remains at his shoulder.
A MAN at the center of the large table clears his throat, then begins to speak.
Doc continues looking at the bridge...  then suddenly begins smashing it to pieces with his right fist.
pressed against a man's neck.
table piled with equipment, watch caps, several different colored raincoats, a huge pair of wirecutters, road maps, chemical containers and four sticks of dynamite, four visas and two passports and several padded U.S. Army, super bullet proof vests which are not vests at all, more a shield.
He throws the vest on the table.
He is the PRESIDENT of the First Bank of Beacon City -- nodding to a few passersby, he stops at the front door of the bank, knocks twice.
Several TELLERS have begun setting up for the day's commerce...  DOC SHIFTS HIS POSITION SLIGHTLY, THEN   PULLS HIS .45
CAROL IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT, Beacon City appears on the horizon through the windshield...  THE PRESIDENT BEGINS TURNING THE COMBINATION on the massive door as the vault begins to open... RUDY - IN THE BUICK - DRIVING DOWN THE ROADWAY near the outskirts of town.
THE BUICK SLAMS TO A STOP IN FRONT OF THE BANK.
DOC KICKS THE DOOR OPEN with a violent jerk of his leg.
He moves into the building, shutting the door behind him.
His gun has been kicked against the wall.
THE BANK PRESIDENT lies face down on the floor, directly under the arc of Jackson's gun...  who is continually turning to watch the Guard.
He slips the .45
THE BANK PRESIDENT LIES NEAR THE OPEN VAULT.
He snaps the fasteners shut .
DOC - His eyes are furious.
THE FORD SMOKES OFF as Doc kicks it into gear...  THE BUICK STREAKS DOWN THE CENTER OF THE ROADWAY...
Maneuvering through the stopped traffic.
The dirt road becomes a lane.
DOC STUDIES RUDY THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD, watching him wipe his face with a soiled rag as the car pulls closer...  DOC PULLS THE FORD TO A STOP just within the double doors.
stolen.
As he shuts off the engine, he pulls the .45
DOC LOOKS STEADILY AT BEYNON for a moment,, sets the suitcase down on the floor, then crosses to the sink, picks up a glass and sits down at the table.
As the gun continues to be pointed directly at Doc. CAROL FIRES the automatic.
The big gun belches the full slip in a stuttering EXPLOSION...  the slide remains back and in an ejected position.
He steps out onto the concrete flooring, slams the door shut.
HAROLD CLINTON puts away a large syringe then snaps shut the medical bag.
Carol winces, containing her anger.
He jerks her down.
THE THIEF MOVES THROUGH ANOTHER VESTIBULE and into an 30? empty car -- now unobserved, he immediately breaks into a run.
The Thief immediately snaps the bolt-lock shut behind him, crosses the small, murky room and tries to lift the window.
THIEF'S NECK, pulling him close.
He methodically punches the tickets, never looking more than two seats ahead.
Is he dead?
Doc pulls the Thief's hat down over his head.
The Thief is hit by the   gun's spray, water runs slowly down his ear and the back of   his neck.
Carol suddenly angered slaps him.
Doc immediately delivers her a stinging blow.
God damn it, Rudy, what did you do that for?
THE RADIO-REPAIRMAN EXITS THE SHOP AS A POLICE CAR comes down the street and makes a U-turn...  stopping near the Chevy.
SHELLS.
DOC, A LITTLE CHAGRINED, PICKS HIMSELF UP, GRABS his gun and jumps into the Chevy.
DOC, STARING AT THE HIGHWAY BEHIND THEM; the bus fades off into the horizon...  THE CHEVY PULLS OFF THE HIGHWAY, MOVES UP A DIRT road for twenty yards then pulls into a cornfield of a well laid out farm, smashing through the six foot high stalks.
THE OFFICERS TRY TO BRING THEIR GUNS INTO PLAY AS THE Mercury streaks in front of them.
THE POLICE CAR EXPLODES.
DOC AND CAROL pull back into an alcove as a prowl car goes SCREAMING down the street and off into the night.
AFTER A MOMENT, A LARGE GARBAGE TRUCK PULLS UP, lifts the container with hooks and dumps the garbage and Doc and Carol into the truck.
Laughlin turns the key in the lock, opens the door.
Rudy kicks the door shut with a slam, grabs Laughlin's shoulder, spins him around, hits him full in the stomach.
Doc gives Laughlin a half-pissed look, then crosses to the elevator and pulls the cage door open.
Reaching the door to room 31oj Carol knocks rapidly three times, waits, then raps out two sets of two knocks.
He begins forcing the lock.
HAYHOE LEVELS HIS PISTOL AT THE RETREATING COUPLE Another shot from Doc's riot gun...  this one breaking open the floor at Hayhoe's feet and cutting him down at the knees.
Cully and the Accountant run to the elevator, enter it, pull the door shut.
HAYHOE LEANS OUT OVER THE BANISTER, points his gun directly up and fires.
DOC AND CAROL BETWEEN THE FIRST AND SECOND FLOOR landings as Hayhoe's bullet tears by, ripping through the wooden banister supports.
THE STAIRCASE TEN FEET IN FRONT OF SWAIN IS SMASHED by Doc's blast.
DEAD.
THE CORRIDOR WALL NEAR THE ELEVATOR IS SMASHED BY ONE OF the riot gun's jumbo shots, as is the top of the elevator.
The Accountant bounces from the floor of the car to the ceiling, then back to the floor.
HE JAMS SEVERAL SHELLS INTO HIS RIOT GUN WHILE HOLDING his .45
DOC STOPS, SETS BOTH THE RIOT GUN AND THE .45 on 562 the banister...
Doc grabs Carol and pushes her into the room, past Fran; he kicks the door shut.
RUDY COMES OUT OF THE ROOM ONTO THE FIRE ESCAPE holding his .44.
Carol screams.
THE BLACK PANTHER IS LEANING OVER THE SEAT, his empty fist cocked up like a pistol.
Simon runs up and throws open the screen door.
Fay snaps shut her compact, straightens her skirt and sighs.
Warren is expressionless.
Henry drinks and looks down into the raging fire.
They're throwing bottles at the house.
Warren punches Simon in the stomach and throws him to the ground, then unzips his fly and pisses on him.
She steps back, exposed, when there's a knock at the door.
Mary backs away into her room and shuts the door.
Fay jumps up, furious.
She grabs her bag and storms out of the house.
Simon spies as the man gets out of his car and knocks on Henry's door.
He finishes, shuts the book and drinks.
Mary slams her door shut.
He's a wreck.
Simon lies gasping on the floor of the kitchen.
He smashes the bottle in the fireplace.
Stops, zeroing in on his point.
Simon comes in, furious and throws open the fridge.
Henry comes into his house, hot and bothered, cradling his six-pack.
Henry and Fay fuck.
He collects garbage and throws it in the truck as Henry, who is just along for the ride, hangs from the side of the truck and pulls the lever whenever Simon tells him to.
She flips through the pages but suddenly stops and turns to the door with a nicer attitude.
He drops his pants and throws himself on the toilet just in time to begin shitting his brains out.
He is destroyed, staring down at...
Mr Deng and Bunuel drag Henry, kicking and screaming, into the church foyer.
He turns away, frustrated.
Simon hangs his head, destroyed.
He slaps her.
He grabs Henry and throws him violently down the hall, where he hits the wall and collapses.
Warren beats the hell out of Henry, kicking him in the face and ribs whenever he manages to get up on his hands and knees.
He comes into the hotel and rings an annoying buzzer which brings out the concierge, who is in his little office, watching TV.
The door swings shut in his face.
She slams it shut.
The doors slam shut and Simon steers the car slowly up the alley.
The evocative wailing cuts off as she grabs the doorknob.
She is a mythic bitch.
HEATHER CHANDLER knocks her ball through the middle wicket.
As the HEATHERS head into the house, VERONICA picks up HEATHER DUKE'S ball and exuberantly throws it back toward the wickets.
She throws the pen across the room and pulls out another.
The fire in the trashcan is raging.
J.D. gently bites in to VERONICA's neck.
She struts back to the counter in anger, icily muttering.
HEATHER CHANDLER rises from the bed and struts to J.D. in anger.
HEATHER CHANDLER'S eyes slam shut and her limp body crashes through the glass coffee table.
She is furious.
DAD immediately takes another drag with a wide grin.
The two officer explode out of the car.
The home of his nemesis, the hated Aufidius.
They say she's mad.
Are you mad? Ay, fool, is that a shame?
A steady stride-- He walks right up to the Guards-- Before they can even respond-- He punches one HARD in the throat -- the Guard recoils, gasping for air-- Simultaneously, Coriolanus SLAMS his other hand violently over the entire face of the second Guard -- grabbing his face firmly and SHOVING him back into the door-- So hard that the door slams aside-- And Coriolanus shoves the Guard into-- Aufidius is having dinner with some of his men, their wives and some children-- pulling guns -- alarmed-- As Coriolanus powers in, still holding the second Guard by He flings the Guard aside-- Aufidius and his men, all pointing weapons at Coriolanus, are stunned.
Which not to cut would show thee but a fool, Since I have ever followed thee with hate, And cannot live but to thy shame unless It be to do thee service.
The gauntlet is thrown down.
It cannot be the Volsces dare break with us.
On the TV an imbedded WAR CORRESPONDENT is giving an update, intercut with shaky and unclear images of the Volscian army on the move: A fearful army, led by Caius Martius Associated with Aufidius, rages Upon our territories, and have already Overborne their way, consumed with fire, What lay before them.
Smashed windows.
Guns.
A beat.
Shuts the door.
Desire not To ally my rages and revenges with Your colder reasons.
Her natural aggressiveness comes out, anger and outrage gradually boiling to the surface: Thinks thou it honorable for a noble man Still to remember wrongs?
Emotion floods into him.
Volumnia stops.
I dare be sworn you were.
A beat.
The army marveled at it; and in the last, When he had carried Rome and that we For no less spoil than glory-- Aufidius works himself into an intense, neurotic rage: There was it!
He is amused at the obvious attempt to anger him: Traitor?
0 slave.
A challenge.
At this command, his men move-- Aufidius steps back as-- The Volscian thugs attack-- With knives, machetes and tire irons-- Coriolanus fights bravely -- disarming two, grabbing their weapons, killing them, fighting back-- Slashing and cutting his way through the killers- Closer and closer to Aufidius, who just watches-- Blood spattering and spraying- But the thugs overpower Coriolanus, there are just too many-- They stab him -- slicing with knives -- battering with chains and clubs -- finally emptying pistols him into him-- It is graceless and brutal carnage.
Slaughter.
He refuses to fall.
Takes his neck.
He turns to PETER LUDLOW, late thirties, a man with the anxious look of someone who insists the buck stop on his desk.
The WHOOSH of the arc welder shuts off.
Smoke turns into steam as a subway THUNDER into a station underneath Manhattan.
Roland throws a glance, annoyed.
Roland bobs, neatly ducking the punches, waits for the Tourist to turn around, and POPS him thrice in the face.
Nick grins and shuts it off.
She races through a narrow door and SLAMS it shut.
the members of the gatherer expedition hit the dirt and peer over a ledge, watching as the airplanes bank and circle over a specific spot.
Dieter climbs out, plainly irritated.
It SLAMS headfirst into the speedbird, SMASHING the headlights and denting the grill.
SLAM!
POW!!
The group moves on ahead, but Malcolm lingers, angry, staring through the binoculars.
SARAH is several feet behind them, her back pressed against a tree, unwilling to go to the lip of the ridge.
Nick lowers the binoculars, angry.
Dieter CURSES and throws the lasso pole into the back of the jeep.
He FIRES and the tranquilizer dart hits the animal in the neck.
CRACK!
The RUMBLING gets louder.
Roland surveys the destruction.
He SLAMS the door.
From inside the car, we can hear the baby tyrannosaur SCREAMING in anger.
Not wasting a second, Malcolm SLAMS the door shut.
The charging rex SLAM into the side of the trailer, which rocks up on one side, BANGS back  down, and is quickly RAMMED again by the furious animal.
She SCREAMS, covers her head, and SMASHES into the rear window.
SCREAMING, they slide through the trailer and their feet SMASH through the remains of the rear window.
LUDLOW rants to SARAH while DIETER looms menacingly over NICK.
They have half a dozen large plastic containers of water, thirty-seven containers of food, ranging from Ziploc bags to aluminum tins, a variety of weapons, mot of them borne on the hips or shoulders of the HUNTER team, the charred and scraggly remnants of several pieces of now-useless electrical equipment, a flare gun and several flares, somebody's tattered paperback ("Crime and Punishment".), a box of Hershey bars, and a cartoon of Marlboros.
Hysterical, he fights like hell to get to his feet, SCREAMING, shaking, swatting the compys loose.
Dieter stops.
The compys stop.
In the middle of the campsite, he sees AJAY stop in his tracks, head cocked.
The adult tyrannosaur GURGLES again, COOING and cocking its head curiously.
No way in hell he's going down  that ravine.
This raptor SNARLS and SLAMS into the body of the Hunter, taking him down.
Every few feet, the group encounters strange, grayish lumps that lies in random places in the middle of the street.
Ludlow takes off his hat and turns to Nick.
He takes a slip of paper from the brim of his hat and hands it to Nick.
But the car door is thin protection against the charging raptor, which SLAMS into the window, head first.
But the door SMACKS up against the wall, covering the window, preventing the raptor from following Malcolm out that way.
It snaps off with a loud CRACK.
At the door, the raptor stops digging.
NICK and MALCOLM hurry inside and SLAM the door behind them.
Nick throws his weight against the door.
The raptor charges the door again, this time BLASTING it off its hinges, knocking Nick to the floor beneath it.
Kelly lands with a CRUNCH on the floor immediately below the roof, about nine feet down.
Malcolm reaches her and grabs hold as the angry animal unfurls its massive twenty-two foot wingspread.
Peter Ludlow SCREAMS.
Satipo and Barranca then have a fast, silent communication: Barranca indicates his desire to slit Indy's throat; Satipo gives him a look that says "Be patient, you idiot".
He yells at the Indians in Quechua to "shut up".
The Indian is so frightened no sound comes out when he screams.
Indy gives one more short jerk on the whip handle and Barranca's gun fires.
The door at the end is flooded with sunlight.
Immediately, a noisy torrent of poison darts fills the room.
His hat flies off his head.
And always close behind, a swift gang of angry Hovitos.
Indy's manner is vigorous, aggressive.
Immediately, behind him, the huge hammer falls and the sound of the gong thunders through the museum.
Indy jumps behind a marble column, which is promptly blasted with machine gun fire.
The vicious cacophony of machine gun fire is joined by the musical reports of bullets hitting the gong and ricocheting away.
Kehoe guns it, throwing Indy back against the cushions.
She is angry as hell.
She hits him with a solid right to the jaw, knocking him off the barstool on the floor.
Then he stops her left, which she has brought up to slap him.
The second NAZI and the MONGOLIAN both carry submachine guns.
He deposits her on the other side, where the Nepalese and the Second Nazi flank her and hold her cruelly, arms behind her back.
Belzig fires at her, but his bullets smash bottles behind the bar and thud into the raven.
Marion flattens out on the floor behind the bar as bullets hit above her.
He picks up his bullwhip and his crumpled felt hat.
Immediately a heavy earthen pot smashes over his head, putting him out.
Indy rounds the corner and is immediately driven back by machine gun fire.
Sallah, crouching behind the oil drum, immediately starts pulling in the makeshift rope.
Her eyes widen in fury and she grunts obscenities at him.
Belloq shoots him an angry look.
He gives it a first tug and it falls down into the Well, landing partly beyond the ring of fire where is instantly disappears in a tangle of angry, hissing asps.
Marion falls thirty feet screaming.
Marion screams.
Her scream is accompanied by - A huge WHOOSH! as air is sucked out and the chamber is sealed.
The top hits the wall three feet from a cringing Marion and smashes through to a black chamber beyond.
Marion screams.
It is sitting near the flopped-open entrance to the Command Tent and there is furious activity going on here.
The concussion knocks many of the observers flat.
Belzig, eyes wide behind his evil spectacles, screams as he goes.
Far, far below, Belzig's staff car explodes on the rocks.
The garage door slams shut and tenting drops from the building to hide the door.
The submarine has stopped.
In the air pocket, Indy's head breaks the surface and smashes into rock again.
He stops a few feet from it and begins murmuring an invocation in Hebrew.
The lid has slammed down shut again and the Ark shines gold in the flames.
From the floor, Indy blasts the Nazi.
They break.
The wooden boxes immediately start burning.
It explodes in a ball of flame.
His features warp into an angry snarl -- the mask of a man enraged.
Three pairs of eyes stare straight at us, accusing.
The children, the mothers, Carol in the doorway -- everyone freezes in place, as Johnny is cast into an inexplicable drama.
Checkered linoleum floor.
He punches an intercom.
HARRIS.
Frank puts the gun on the kitchen counter.
shows Anderson and Witwer in a room, a few feet apart pointing guns directly at each other.
Who murders whom?
Anderson FIRES his weapon, puts a bullet straight into Witwer's heart, throwing him back against a wall.
He shuts it, awkwardly, and it auto-locks.
He shoots a spray of blue BindFoam chemical restraint, sticking the man to the floor of the transport in an adhesive glob.
Anderson cocks his head.
Lisa screams, as her front door is sonically BLASTED off its hinges, and a swarm of Precrime officers in mirrored helmets hurtle in.
Witwer looks at the men with thinly-veiled hatred.
Goes back and shuts the door.
He lies down.
He cocks his head, listening.
He grabs his duffel bag, and gets the hell out of there.
His eyes instantly widen, and his knees buckle when he sees he's looking into the barrel of ANDERSON'S cocked gun.
He picks up, the receiver and immediately gets IdentiScanned.
Duplicates.
Anderson vaults the counter, knocking the customer and the clerk to the floor.
Anderson grabs his duffel bag and kicks at the back exit doors, smashing them open, and tumbles out onto the street.
The ATTENDANT knocks nervously on the door When the door opens, an unhealthy looking old guy with a fedora hat pulled low comes slowly out of the bathroom.
Anderson is so intent on destruction he does not sense a PRESENCE behind him.
Way below the little boy in the blue hat walks on along the sidewalk holding his mother's hand.
The little BOY in the blue hat and his MOTHER walk unwittingly toward disaster.
When the undercover officer tries to stop her, the two men grab the officer, and they get into a fight.
Her whispered words damn him.
Her brother is lying beside her.
top.location.href=location.href
Genvieve SCREAMS.
It's awful.
A SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT PATROL CAR cruises up the cemetery drive, pulling to a stop near the mob of reporters.
Geoff SCREAMS and jumps back.
Surprised and annoyed.
Susan shuts up.
Clyde punches Drew in the arm.
Gus glances at the TV, annoyed by the MUSIC.
Zowie immediately begins to pace back and forth inside the cage.
Geoff thrashes and struggles, screaming bloody murder.
As Drew leaps to his feet, he upsets the fire, knocking one of the logs.
Gus is beyond furious.
His SCREAMS are suddenly cut short as Zowie rips out his throat.
He's both angry and relieved.
After a moment, he returns his attention to the bloody kitchen floor.
The current caller sounds a little annoyed...  Chase abandons the filing and immediately returns the call.
The toddlers are screaming at the top of their lungs.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Another KNOCK.
Yolander turns towards the door, annoyed at the intrusion.
And behind that annoyance, there's a touch of madness.
He casually snaps the neck.
The dinner from Hell.
She's still angry over last night.
It's a gun.
A BLIZZARD OF DOWN FEATHERS Chase scrambles out of bed, flailing for the gun on the bedside table...  THE GUN spins out of reach and across the floor... Chase DIVES for the gun and reaches it just as Zowie leaps to the floor.
Geoff pedals like mad, but it's no use.
His bandages are unwound and his ruined neck is still seeping.
Wrong.
Drew rushes through the front door, SLAMMING it behind him and throwing the deadbolt.
He swings it and...  ...Drew SCREAMS and ducks beneath the blow, as the shotgun butt SMASHES a hole in the wall above his head.
WHAM! Gus SMASHES the hammer into the wall to punctuate his words.
Drew SLAMS the door shut, SMACKING Zowie.
Wood splinters fly as the hammer claw sinks through...  Drew SCREAMS and goes for one of the dormer windows.
From the hallway, Gus violently SMASHES the door again and again.
He cocks his head at the SOUNDS of Geoff moving about in the attic above.
The caretaker points across the hillside...  TIRE TRACKS cut through the manicured grass, cutting a path of destruction right through the field of headstones and on through the fence.
He grabs hold of it and swings it around...  FIRES... Zowie is BLOWN backwards, clear out of the car, spraying CHASE with BLOOD...  Zowie lands outside on his feet, looking stunned.
He brings the gun up beneath Gus' chin and jams it into his ruined throat.
His BODY is thrown back by the incredible force, tumbling him to the kitchen floor with a Chase sucks in precious air, then his head snaps up.
Marjorie SCREAMS.
The spring coil swings the CREAKING door shut behind him.
She SLAMS the attic door shut and snaps off the knob with a jerk of the wrist, locking them all inside.
INSULATED CABLES run from the box down through the attic floor.
Neil McCauley keeps it so there's nothing he couldn't walk from in 30 seconds flat.
He's been off smack and everything else for five years.
As in the garbage truck, it's quiet and he waits.
punches the accelerator.
It EXPLODES and pours smoke.
He slaps the back of Guard Two's head with the gun barrel.
He's a stupid man.
Cerrito looks at Neil...  angry; nods.
kills Guard One with THREE SHOTS.
Towner floors the towtruck.
It frustrates the hell out of Charlene.
A NEIGHBOR shuts off his sprinkler.
Fourteen stolen tv's in packing cases in the dining room.
Cuzomano starts punching numbers into his phone.
Neil punches a number.
She hates his guts.
Neil kicks the waste can out of the way.
Hanna jerks Raoul by the front of his Verri Uomo which is being destroyed in Hanna's fists.
She's a pitiful rag doll.
The mother's arguing with the man cop because she wants to see.
Neil floors the Caprice and it catapults and bucks over rows of ramps.
Who FIRES until the Caprice smashes into him.
Accelerating to the exit lane, kicking up billows of dust.
It's a LOUD TORRENT - TILT UP TO THREE SHOT: Neil, Cerrito and Chris are clustered around the sink.
He's in a daze.
Waingro kicks her and throws a small table at her.
It smashes apart.
Hanna shoots him a lock.
He stops fidgeting.
assembles a heavy lock punch from the black case.
He slams the lock punch with a cut down sledge hammer.
A I" circle is punched into the steel lock mechanism next to the cylinder, exposing electrical wiring and magnetic tumblers and "gates."
Its LOUD.
SMASHES into pieces.
Neil puts the materials back in the case and snaps it shut.
He throws the phone at the wall.
They're tense.
He's tense.
Breedan throws Solenko out of the way.
Solenko slips and falls into the wet mess on the floor.
throws Timmons' key.
dazed - holding his bleeding neck while Neil FIRES into the parking lot...  ...hitting Casals getting out of his car.
Breedan floors it.
getting BLOWN APART by Hanna, Bosko, and Cop #2 falls over the wheel and then is thrown back.
Breedan, like a rag doll is half over into the rear seat and still being hit by more rounds.
People dodge, scream and fall down.
He throws the radio at the Safeway wall: SMASH.
She dodges him.
Disheveled, screaming, hysterical - she throws herself on the bloodied ground Michael Cerrito died upon and clutches at the outline drawing of his body and blood stains as if it were him.
She punches 11 digits.
He hangs up.
It's sinister.
kicks the door in.
Hanna is throwing everything into motion.
They come up out of their chairs and Hanna's punching numbers.
He's furious.
As they come through    the door: Nate's handcuffed behind his back between Hanna and Bosko.
Hanna throws Nate at the cage.
Drucker punches in the number.
She's disturbed.
It's idiotic.
He braces his back against the driver's door and kicks the TV set out of the car.
punches 14.
He slips it back into his waistband, cocked and locked.
Then, he smashes the glass and sets off the fire alarm.
Neil hits the door again and it smashes into waingro a second time.
The two of them stay there like that.. From a distance and through the trees we see a raging hell fire engulfing a small two story house.
Tom freezes, bends over, and throws up!
Realizing that he is raging with a serious fever, he tries to stand up only to collapse back on the bed.
Gary and the others throw curious glances as they head into the diner.
Old instincts kick in and he has a VIOLENT FIT.
Shit.. Carl moves up to try and calm him.. .as
He KNOCKS timidly on the door, pressing an ear to listen.
Bush glances at his blown out window: 'Damn'.
That crazy old son of a bitch tried to beat a man to death for no reason?
There is a loud KNOCK at the door.
Goddamn ball of money!
When the Photographer gets back to the camera, he cocks his head, what?! Take it.
Damn.
I'll tell you one damn thing, ain't nobody gonna go to a funeral for that son of a bitch.
(off his glare.)
What is wrong with you?
You kind of hate to admit it when it comes to Carl but he's got a point.
And a goddamn.. Am I? Then stand up and roll down your socks.
scraping the floor makes him jerk up.
But why would you do that, Mr. Bush, shut yourself off like that?
(cocks his head.)
A strangled sob escapes her.
I've done a hell of a job for you.
I've sold horses, cars, houses, hell, pocket watches pinned to the inside of my coat.
What was the question..? They goddamn..
Is it just me or is he extremely fucking articulate when he wants to be?
It stops abruptly when he knocks.
And I stayed in it for 40 goddamn years!
Stop the car.
Get the hell out of here, boy! Buddy's eyes are defiant.
Several caskets have been thrown to the floor.
And go to hell! Been there.
Damn well can if I want to.
But I guess I ain't got the goddamn guts to open my own mouth and I can't get nobody to talk for me so the hell with it.
I see you're mad.
No, you're mad.
Trouble.
He said no. Son of a bitch, that's got to be.. Sorry.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
She stabs it again and again into the ground.
goddamn late..
MORE LOUD KNOCKING.
Did you take the money out of the casket?
Bush cocks the other barrel of his shotgun.
Charlie slams the door.
Frank takes the rags and alcohol from Charlie This is gonna hurt.
Then he shakes his head, puts a rag over the poultice and pulls his shirt up.
Hell of a thing.
And as I was thinking about that, I saw that the lamp he threw had set the room we were in on fire too.
With his clothes still smoking, he unbelievably tries to run back into the hell.
He screams like a mad man and runs into the trees..
top.location.href=location.href
A LOUD VIOLENT BURST OF SOUND.
ANOTHER LOUD VIOLENT BURST OF SOUND.
David shuts the door.
She begins to scream.
David stops at a door marked "PERSONNEL".
Beat.
Beat.
David's WALKIE ERUPTS WITH NOISE.
Jeremy's eyes start to shut.
Jeremy puts the gun down on the floor in front of him and stands up.
She's on the verge of getting upset.
Beat.
Beat.
A HUGE METALLIC CRACK ECHOES THROUGH THE TRAIN YARD as David kicks open the fence door that holds him back from going down.
David pulls at the handle of the mangled door.
David heads towards the densest part of the floor.
The man inside the house grabs the door handle on the inside to stop him.
He's wearing a baseball hat with his uniform now.
Beat.
He turns him in a half circle.
Beat.
The man in orange crumples to the ground like a rag doll.
Beat.
Beat.
top.location.href=location.href
The arrested pass in custody of officers.
He is shivering.
shot.
shot.
The OFFICER moves out.
Outside door as RAY turns JUDY over to the WOMAN OFFICER.
shot.
shot.
JIM smashes his fist against it, letting loose for a moment.
The clash and slam of doors as kids throw in coats, pull out books and primp for the day ahead.
PLATO stops too.
They stop their whispering.
shot.
shot.
shot.
shot.
CRUNCH.
Circle as the knife falls at JIM's feet.
BUZZ pricks JIM again, "Ole!" JIM cuts out half-heartedly.
CRUNCH.
Inside JIM's room as he comes in, shuts the door and throws himself miserably on his bed.
The door slams.
PLATO stops.
JIM shuts his door and tries again.
shot.
He is tense.
shot.
CRUNCH.
JIM's car as it slows and stops.
The FATHER is mute, helpless...   Suddenly JIM screams.
CRUNCH is near tears with anger.
PLATO gets up off the floor.
The slam of a door is heard below.
When they close again, a sob comes from PLATO.
shot.
One of the officers gets out and draws his gun.
PLATO lying in f.g.
He reaches the glass doors first, streaks though, and bangs them shut behind him.
The door is locked.
He beats on it.
JIM as he screams.
The officers fire again.
shot.
shot.
shot.
The door is locked.
shot.
He smashes the glass with his gun and dives through.
The door swings shut behind him.
shot.
shot.
shot.
shot.
shot.
An OFFICER drops to one knee and fires a shot at PLATO.
shot.
The woman screams.
The woman screams.
We hear an angry voice in the background.
The angry bearded man speaks angrily in Russian.
Andy looks and listens at him and then turns toward his Russian assistant, trying to speak, but is cut off twice by the angry voice of the man.
Then he comes back and shows his wristwatch, saying a few more angry words in Russian.
She lies down on the floor.
She hears a loud noise.
She kicks it.
Andy puts the telephone back on its hook on the set on the floor of the kitchen.
She shuts the telephone by pressing on the hook, still keeping the handset to her ear.
She looks on her right at a door with frosted small window panes, which closes shut by itself.
She screams.
We hear the woman being hit and screaming.
She grabs his mask and throws it away.
The man start stabbing the woman.
She screams noiselessly.
Billy looks very angry and keeps on pointing at Arkadi.
Arkadi stops yelling.
Karen tries to tell silently to Andy to shut up.
Andy screams.
Arkadi keeps on stabbing Andy.
Larsen takes his hat off.
She sees her being stabbed.
Billy tries to shut the door, but he puts his foot between the door and the wall.
She yells in the phone.
Close up shot on the door lock.
Close up shot on the door lock.
One of the screws holding the lock pops off and falls on the floor.
She throws the knife at him.
She tries to fight him but he locks both of her arms behind her back.
Lyosha screams.
Larsen throws the wire-cutter on the floor and bends on Billy.
Before going through the smashed door into the corridor, one of the policeman nods to his colleague, who takes his gun from his holster, aims, and sends a bullet through Lyosha's head, whose blood splatters the wall.
Then the policeman goes through the smashed door to join his colleague.
One of the fake policeman is searching the room, throwing everything off the shelves on the floor, while the other one is aiming his gun at Andy and Karen.
The policeman picks up a diskette he had thrown on the floor and looks at it.
Then another one of Arkadi stabbing the girl.
He yells at Larsen.
He bends him down and puts the barrel of his gun on Andy's neck.
In his fall, he pulls the trigger of his gun, which shoot a bullet at the other policeman, who falls dead on the floor.
Close shot on the talkie lying on the floor.
The door opens and the next floor neighbor walks in.
Karen puts the gun behind her back.
Men carrying machine guns are coming out of the cars.
For the moment, he is sitting on top of the wall and he throws the two guns to her.
She throws the diskette.
But the butt of the gun lands violently...  on Wartschuk's head, who screams and falls heavily on the floor.
Down below, on the set itself, Billy is walking, with Larsen behind her, pointing a gun in her back.
Larsen picks up his gun, and points it at Billy.
Andy grabs Karen and pulls her out of Larsen's gun.
Andy picks up the gun and points it at Larsen.
Then she grabs Larsen by the ears and throws him on the metal door.
Larsen is still kneeling on the floor.
The sound of a shot, and a blood bag explodes under Billy's sweater.
She yells silently.
Daughter KATHY, 12, races by in angry pursuit of her twin, KEVIN, 12. Kenny dumps the bundle with Mark in a big pile of dirty laundry.
Beyond the open floor-to-ceiling windows, a CROWD.
The Assistants leave, shutting the door after them.
A beat.
Bobby shuts the door behind him, falls into Kenny's chair, and clearly grappling with his own disbelief, is hushed.
Secret Service Agents throw open the massive double doors to the Cabinet Room.
General Taylor drops a memo on the table WHICH BECOMES: SCHEMATICS slapped down on a camp table.
There's angry agreement.
The guys stop again.
The President stops.
That shuts Kenny up.
A car jolts to a stop.
The doors open, and out they pile like a bunch of clowns: Bobby, McNamara, Rusk, Ball, Martin, Dioptric, Sorensen, Stevenson, and Nitze.
Adlai does too, is upset.
The crowd goes nuts.
The others react in frustration.
The Press Corps throngs Kenny's tiny office, pushing and shoving for a vantage at the side door to the Oval Office, waiting for the Gromyko photo-op.
The President hides his fury masterfully, and gazing over his glasses, asks: A beat.
He's livid.
The doors shut on Scotty.
The President emerges from the hotel, a HAT on his head.
The President, on the phone, stops pacing by his bedside table and exhales.
A beat.
The President emerges, livid fury on his face, leaving chaos behind: the Congressional briefing.
A beat.
Anderson signals A BRIEFING OFFICER who hits the lights and an overhead projector which SMASH CUTS TO: The bridge of the U.S.S.
He pushes Ecker's personnel file across the table, and as the President opens it, on ECKER'S PHOTO, we SMASH CUT TO: The man himself, COMMANDER BILL ECKER, 30s, playing cards, smoking cigars with his wingman, LIEUTENANT BRUCE WILHEMY and the PILOTS of VFP-62, the 'Fightin' Photo.'
Ecker, Wilhemy and their Pilots are in angry debate.
Kenny stands, drops the hard nose bullshit.
As Ecker hangs up, the Duty Officer rips off the ORDERS, hands them to Ecker, who takes one look, then gazes out the window at the runway -- A CART speeds down the flight line past the waiting F8U-1P Corsairs.
Cuban ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUNNERS shout as they traverse their 40mm guns in their sandbagged emplacement.
Oh shit.
He nods to Admiral Anderson, who calls an order down to a Watch Officer on the floor, and on screens all around the room, a sector of the map MAGNIFIES the unfolding encounter -- -- between the destroyer, U.S.S.
Consternation.
All around the room frustration.
The room EXPLODES, victorious.
Rusk and Bundy slap each other on the back.
Bobby aims a punch at his head which Kenny knocks away.
The President punches his desk.
They are tremors of anger.
Anderson smashes the phone down, wheels on McNamara, furious.
It stops, vertical.
It's his MISSILE WARNING LIGHT.
A beat.
Bobby is speechless with rage.
Bobby's beyond furious.
It's a terrible responsibility to bear.
And a DOOR SHUTS OC like a threshold of history.
He sees the other door shut at the far end of the room.
She looks at him, expressionless.
The RED DOME OF NUCLEAR FIRE rising over Washington.
The light burns into Kenny's half-shut eye.
It goes like this: ... A bear's taking a shit, like, out in the woods one day.
And he sees this rabbit, also taking a shit.
The rabbit, wait, I mean, the bear, he's shitting up a storm, cuz he's been eating Mexican.
Personally, I hate him.
I hated this place.
bad haircuts.).
They lie on the floor together.
Erica is mad.
Stacy sits up, frustrated, the mood ruined.
Charles takes Max's hat from a hook, jams it on his head, and shoves him towards the door.
Oh, shit, Sara's here.
Your show actually kind of sucked.
Ow! Shit! Ow!
Specifically, I was thinking that you're insane.
It's like you insulted my religion.
Yeah, I hate coming here this time of day, but I need money.
Shit, it's only Monday?
This conversation is starting to bother me.
Shit!
You gotta admit, it's fucking cheap for a movie to refer to other movies.
So fucking what?
It's a shitty movie!
Holy shit, you and Jen broke up.
Look, I fucked up, alright?
The guy in the jacket is annoying.
Shit, shit, shit, she's looking this way.
Fuck.
If you back away now, she'll never get to see the rest of your annoying personality traits.
Andy is your basic hippie, resplendent in a ridiculous green shag jacket.
I thought Guinness was going to be cool, but it sucks.
See how ridiculous dating is?
You limit yourself if you do that.
Shit.
Fuckin' hate this flavored shit.
Are you on crack?
Okay, it's pathetic, but we're okay, you know?
He paces, frustrated.
Holy shit.
Well, of course, why do you think I sent her to you? God, I'm such an idiot!
Shut up already.
You're crazy!
There's so much bullshit.
Ah, fuck it, who cares.
This, coming from the girl who thinks college is bullshit.
I thought you had homework and stuff, you liar.
Sam sits up, annoyed.
What the fuck is your problem?
That girl pisses me off!
She'll say the dumbest things, like, the Breeders are better than the Beatles.
Shit, I'm sorry.
We PAN around a long table: Beth at one end, then Jen and Sam, Charles (looking annoyed.) and Sara, Tommy at the other end, then Scott and Amanda, and two chairs.
Leave me alone already!
It's my goddamn life!
Goddamn it, Scott, I am so sick of you making fun of me!
You are such an asshole!
Wait...  Oh, shit!
I knew that damn film was cursed!
It's a fucking textbook.
Yeah, I hate Valentine's Day, too.
Does a bear shit in the woods?
I hate that joke, Max.
You mean the world to me, and I was an idiot to throw it away.
I mean, shit, I really got off track there, didn't I?.
What's wrong?
(yelling into the next room.)
It's a rag-sheet.
distractedly, slightly annoyed: He's a little -- Weasel makes a fluttering gesture with his paw.
Fox paces the floor with his hands clasped behind his back.
In the background, Kristofferson stands up again and starts practicing violent karate kicks.
Fox stops in his tracks.
What the cuss?
Up the road, Boggis screams furiously as he runs with his pack of beagles and farmhands.
She looks furious.
I got fired slash quit the Gazette and started stealing chickens on the sly.
They look angry and tired.
The shot moves past the leathery faces of the other farmhands as they listen: amused, moved, hungry, tired, charmed, annoyed, whistling, playing a jew's harp, trying to sing along but not really knowing the words, etc.
We don't like you, and we hate your dad.
Fox I hit it slap in the middle!
Kristofferson serves cranberry punch from a tureen in the corner.
A large fire truck drives up to the destroyed hill with firemen hanging off the back and sides.
On the other side of the room, the drain-cover falls shut with a loud clank.
All at once they hear in a simultaneous cacophony: the back door bursting open, a boy and two beagles shouting and barking, the pantry door slamming, Mrs. Bean and her middle-aged housekeeper clanging pots and pans and arguing, a timer on the counter-top ringing, and a raven fluttering to the windowsill and cawing.
A wild deluge smashes into the room flooding the flint-mine and tunnels with a blasting current that sweeps everyone and everything away chaotically.
Wrap this wet, little mutt in a newspaper and put him in a box with some holes punched in the top.
Fox finishes his glass and pantomimes throwing it on the floor.
Badger!
Explosions, flames, things that burn!
Stop yelling!
Are field mice violent?
Bean cocks his Luger.
Shutters on the farmhouse bang open and shut.
By far the largest, fattest, toughest beagle yet lies sleeping in the middle.
Kylie makes a frustrated face.
With rabies.
Throw me the shoelace, please.
Your rat insulted my wife -- and you shot off my tail.
Bunce starts throwing punches.
Pensez-vous que 1'hiver sera rude?
An empty punch-box lies on its side behind him with a straw sticking out of it.
The bartender pulls the shutters shut and flips a sign on the door to Closed.
With startling impact, the SOUND of a sledgehammer explodes out of nowhere.
The SLEDGEHAMMER smashes INTO VIEW.
The elevator stops at the next floor.
She screams.
The floor, a huge gymnasium-like expanse, is lacquered with polyurethane.
Molly screams.
Molly screams.
Molly screams.
Sam yells.
Angry, she digs her finger into it.
It is a useless gesture.
Carl, annoyed, walks over to her.
The Mugger locks the door.
Molly closes the door and locks it shut.
He drops to his knees, crawls over to him, glares into his eyes, and screams.
The Mugger holds the cat's mouth shut.
Still, he refuses to give up.
With unholy fury the New Ghost charges into Sam.
He turns instead to a window and, like the Ghost on the subway, smashes it with his fist.
Sam stands by the door in a state of motionless rage.
Her knee kicks the table and sends it toppling.
Oda Mae screams, jumps back into the closet, and bolts up against the door.
Molly looks at Carl, annoyed.
Carl is fuming.
Sam, unable to control himself, explodes in a fit of rage.
He is screaming and cursing at the top of his lungs but Carl doesn't hear him.
For all of his rage and bluster, there is nothing he can do.
In a moment of sudden rage, she picks it up and throws it against the wall.
Carl picks up the phone and punches a number.
Quickly, Carl begins punching commands into the computer.
disappointed.
He is angry now.
He begins raging at the other Ghost.
Sam gets angry.
Now Sam is really angry.
He smashes at an abandoned tennis shoe with his fist.
He throws himself on top of them with terrible longing.
He is unable to control his fury. is shooting through the station.
Willie, shaking, scrambles to his feet and, before Sam can stop him, BLASTS his gun at the closet door.
Sam screams out.
He hangs up.
He punches Rita Miller's number into the computer.
He keeps punching buttons on the keyboard but the same response appears over and over on the screen.
He punches the keys over and over.
She recoils.
Carl, hunched over his computer, is typing furious commands on the keyboard.
Carl gasps and smashes the computer with his fist.
With a horrifying scream, he charges at Carl, jamming his fist hard into his ribs.
The Woman slams the door and locks it shut.
Willie pulls out a gun, and fires.
The lock shoots open.
It slams shut.
He freaks.
Grabbing his gun, Willie runs into the bathroom and locks the door.
Steam rises from the sink.
He begins to scream.
In an instant they are dragging Willie, kicking and screaming, down through the sewer grates into the bowels of the earth.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
Molly tries to slam the door but hits Oda Mae's foot.
There is a another loud POUNDING at the door.
She screams.
The window slams behind him.
She screams as he knocks her to the floor.
Horrified, he SHOOTS his gun blindly into the air.
The gun is cocked at her temple.
In a wild explosive fury, Sam charges at Carl and smashes at his gun.
Empowered by an anger we have not seen before, Sam smashes into Carl with a violent force.
With a wild rush, he grabs for it and shoots at the door.
The lock explodes and the door flies open.
Stanley hurries up to Andy's shut door.
Frustrated, Stanley stares at his son.
The room hushes, uncertain as to who the hell this guy is.
Beat.
One ANGRY GUY thrusts his cigar into a water glass.
The crowd is furious.
He's horrible.
Tony Danza loses his temper.
An angry beat.
Maynard strolls up, buttoning his suit jacket, irritated as he walks around Little Wendy meditating in front of a ring of candles.
Beat.
Beat.
Then -- he loses it.
Insulted, he "blows his temper."
He slams the book shut.
Andy somberly shuts the book.
More rubbing.
Suddenly -- the door SLAMS open.
The cast watches, pissed and bored.
Beat.
Tony SCREAMS and gets removed.
At the gate, Tony's being dragged, kicking and screaming.
Ed storms in, insanely angry.
Heh??!  Shaking with fury, Ed stares at the telephone...  then slowly picks it up.
Three cars behind him SCREECH crazily, trying not to hit each other.
Tony waits, and waits, and waits...  until suddenly he turns towards the audience and SCREAMS Everybody looks up, alarmed.
The BAND ends with a brassy punch.
The Coordinator hands her a bunch of crap.
MATCH 3 to MATCH 20 - Andy throws an ITALIAN LADY from the ring.
Beat.
The arena is filled with furious BOOING SOUTHERN WRESTLING FANS.
He's screaming at them.
People BOOO louder and throw debris.
The coliseum SCREAMS with excitement.
Foxy lunges at him and immediately goes for a choke-hold.
Andy watches, fuming.
HANDLERS run in and separate the angry men.
She is disgruntled.
A FLOOR DIRECTOR screams at the top of his lungs.
The actors are flabbergasted -- then furious.
Maynard jumps up, furious.
Andy is euphoric, loving the hatred.
The crowd goes NUTS.
CRUNCH!
The BELL immediately RINGS.
He slams the door and locks it.
He slams the door and locks it.
THUD.
THUD.
Andy screams and hurtles away.
He gapes in disbelief.
Angry, George hurries down front, looking for the loud jerk.
"Andy Kaufman" has been destroyed.
Beat.
ANDY lies under the machine.
Beat.
The crowd goes nuts.
The crowd screams with excitement.
They're thrown in a locker.
More bloody guts.
More sobbing.
He's a fake.
Outraged.
Disappointed.
People are screaming.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
He picks up the socks from the floor and slips them on (the newspaper is open on the floor.).
Judit would like to say that when she spoke of a commercial script this is not what she had in mind, but she doesn't want to come off rude.
Her eyes flash with indignation and anger.
Her pen drops to the floor.
The Father exits, aided by Lena and the Mother, when the door to the taxi closes it's the door to the apartment that shuts, with all three characters inside the entry hall.
Cut to.
Cut to.
She immediately grabs the phone.
He grabs it.
But when it comes to fucking, she becomes prudish...  Why?
And when she sucks his dick?
And he falls flat to the floor.
Lena is frustrated and restless.
Ernesto makes a gesture that betrays his anger and displeasure.
"Now we will do the part where you return home, frustrated, after having left Ivan a note on his door.
Judit appears solemn and always with an annoyed expression.
Mateo yells "cut".
Cut to.
The warehouse lights begin to shut off.
His ironic tranquility disappears and gives way to a furious expression.
He waits until she's on the floor and she casts him a fulminating glance, before he reacts.
Cut to.
Cut to.
Cut to.
And Ernesto Senior looks uncomfortable and insecure, he is used to being the one who calls the shots; the inverse role, that of listener, disorients him and puts him in a bad mood.
They are joined by their jealousy.
Action!
The actress playing Chon grumbles, annoyed.
Action.
He hurls insults at Ernesto Senior.
Mateo comments that it is "the island of the useless traffic circles".
They stop on one of the stop signs at the traffic circle.
Cut to.
With the same fury with which he had thrown down the newspaper with the bad review of his film onto the sand, he abruptly shuts off the television monitor.
He grabs it.
Judit is upset by both of their evasiveness.
Cut to.
Cut to.
With the glass in her hand, Judit returns to the table where Mateo and Diego wait, expectantly.
Cut to.
I have to take it some other place, immediately!
Battle-dressed SECURITY TROOPS smash trough the door.
He rushes to his mother as guns are viciously trained on them.
The helmeted SECURITY TROOPS in Buttle's flat drop to defensive positions and swing their machine guns up towards the hole in the ceiling.
MRS BUTTLE stands stunned in the middle of her decimated flat.
MR KURTZMAN sighs with frustration.
He punches a few keys.
KURTZMAN explodes with anger, and presses the intercom again.
Cowls being thrown back.
From the folds of cloth come evil weapons.
Slash!
Hack! Stab!
Wham! Bam! Smash!
Throughout the next sequence it pokes around JILL in an annoying manner - thrusting itself at her face, trying to see what is written on the forms, peering over her shoulder.
She swats the annoying thing with her stack of forms as she storms off.
SAM is still punching keys.
Desperately SAM shuts the window and madly tightens up the screws.
SPOOR followed by DOWSER, heads for the door behind which is MR TUTTLE.
When the door is open, behind their backs TUTTLE is seen holding his pistol in a two-handed grip, his knees slightly bent.
He does this very efficiently, muttering to himself and generally demonstrating an expertise which obviously leaves KURTZMAN way out of his depth, until - SAM punches more keys.
SAM has been efficiently punching this in.
SAM pushes the door a bit more open gingerly and puts about 65 per cent of his body into the hall of the flat.
SAM rushes out of the flat.
SAM punches a few more buttons on the computer.
He then punches in the code for a hard-copy print-out.
He stands up and follows KURTZMAN towards the door.
KURTZMAN bumps into a desk and curses.
SPOOR shuts off his machine, puts back into his bag and comes out with what looks like a quite thin phone hook with carbon paper between each page.
The WORKMEN begin leaving the flat.
They go, slamming the door behind hem, leaving SAM in the ruins of his flat.
surround the PRISONERS, relentlessly herding them towards the cages.
But he is stopped by a violent tremor as the earth begins to tremble and shake.
Annoyed and still disturbed by the dream he gets up and goes to the door.
SAM doesn't have the nerve to jump into this.
The door says: OFFICER DZ/015.
He takes Jill's print-out sheet from SAM and begins to punch the keys laboriously with one finger.
SAM is looking frustrated and angry.
Another scream is heard.
bouncing off that wall, then the wall behind him, then ...  Slightly unnerved, SAM gets in the lift, pushes the button for his floor - the 30th - and immediately begins perusing JILL's dossier.
Angrily he pushes the correct floor number but before the doors close he hears an angry woman's voice echoing through the massive lobby.
SAM throws the lorry into a gut-sucking skid.
So shocked is the DRIVER that he fails to stop in time and KABLOW!! the car smashes into the house.
The OFFICER IN CHARGE gets to his feet and looks about.
His uniform is covered with dust, oil and shit from the street.
There is a scream from the other side of the wall.
SAM grabs the clipboard and smashes it over SPOOR's head.
Looking around to make sure the room is still empty he punches the On key and the machine lights up.
JILL screams.
Rising from the ruins of the stone columns, the black cloth thing flaps menacingly towards camera.
SAM shuts up.
As the GUARDS leave SAM to take up their positions near the distant door they hand over documents to the white-coated INFORMATION RETRIEVAL OFFICER.
The I.R. OFFICER goes to the table which is covered with evil-looking surgical-type instruments - he blunders clumsily into it, knocking a couple of them onto the floor.
He shouts for him.
He begins to lose his temper trying to dislodge the flying debris.
SAM rushes up the stops and through the door.
To enlarge on the scene, we see SHIRLEY T snuffling in her hanky and a few others chatting amongst themselves, the VICAR standing in his pulpit waiting to get on with it, etc. CUT to SAM trying to take all this in, stopping in the middle of the room.
PEOPLE begin to scatter, screaming.
He tries to lock the door behind him but there is no key.
He puts his weight against the door to keep it shut.
SAM is left alone.
Agafia sucks her knuckle and checks what's cooking on the stove-top.
A dozing dog, Laska, pricks up her ears.
She slams the door behind her.
A Footman takes Levin's hat and coat.
Hum- bled and angry with himself and the world, he takes off his top hat and considers putting his fist through it, but jams it back on his head.
Nikolai throws him off.
Anna shuts off the gallantry.
Oblonsky-- and everyone still on the platform--is shocked by a dreadful scream and shouting.
He cocks an eye at Anna: how did it go with Dolly?
Anna steals a sidelong glance towards Vronsky but he is no longer there.
Her own partner expects to re-join the circumference with Anna, but she makes an apology and escapes through the circle, running towards the door.
blackness opens like a door on a blizzard of light, and slams shut.
The Guard comes through the door, letting in wind and snow, and shuts it.
The Princess flutters with anxiety, the Prince is in a temper.
Betsy cocks an eye at him.
Annushka puts Anna's opera cloak over her shoulders, while Korney stands ready with Karenin's cloak and opera hat.
Vronsky is with his Commanding Officer, Colonel Demin.
Vronsky is angry.
She continues towards the door.
I consider jeal- ousy to be insulting to you and degrading to me.
Agafia, leaving, throws Levin a look (no wife.).
Now it's a row.
The cooking fire is burning out.
Vronsky freezes in anger.
Vronsky bows, Karenin, expressionless, touches his hat and gets into the coach, taking the rug.
Vronsky gives him his hat and coat.
Stremov has the floor.
The Doctor nods to the Midwife-- "Leave them alone."
Vronsky arrives back at his flat . . .
She is outraged.
Nikolai has been stripped.
Nikolai protests feebly.
Masha is leaving, alone behind the Coachman.
She's a little mad now.
Serozha takes off her hat.
She sits down in her hat and coat.
Vronsky is angry and offended.
The Angry Wife's voice cuts through the audience chatter.
The Angry Wife has raised her voice.
Angry and upset, Anna sweeps into the flat in her opera cloak.
She leaves him, slamming the door.
Vronsky is silent with anger.
This stops Levin's scythe.
Vronsky, in an unfamiliar uniform, sabre pointing forward, is mounted at full gallop with the SOUND of the charge all around him in the smoke and noise of guns.
Serozha picks up Anya like a parcel under his arm and walks on with her towards the indistinct figures of Croquet Players strolling in the heat haze, a couple of parasols held aloft.. First Blood 2 A drab GREEN SEDAN with U.S. ARMY printed on the door stops at the steps of a fortress-like colonial-style building.
A hoarse, demented SHOUTING issues from one of the doors, a desperate WAILING from another.
as it comes to a stop, the side door FILLING FRAME.
Demonic.
That's bad.
The door bangs shut.
Shaking with rage, Brewer levels his weapon at Rambo's back.
Rambo takes the food and the proffered CHOPSTICKS and, squatting, begins shoveling it expertly.
He hangs up.
Their manner becomes guarded when a KNOCK at the door interrupts them.
It passes other river traffic, small hand-powered sampans manned by figures in broad conical coolie hats.
Rambo freezes him out with an evil look.
A BOOTED FOOT SMASHES DOWN on his rifle, pinning one hand.
De Fravio sits frozen for a moment, then a dry sob wracks his entire body and he puts his arms around Brewer.
Motions "let's go" with a cock of her head.
His teeth snap shut on the man's forearm.
Rambo's group circles the ruins as they head for the landing zone.
THEY FIRE with a The Americans duck as a mortar round explodes in the paddy behind them, throwing up a geyser of mud.
as a look of frustrated rage is replaced by deadly calm.
He is so consumed with rage that his expression goes slack...  blank... a murderous disconnection from conscience.
He is fairly twitching with suppressed rage at the loss of face brought on by his useless guards.
The door to a tiny fetid room is opened and Brewer is dumped off the stretcher and flung inside.
The door clangs shut, leaving stifling gloom.
He raises one fist, holding a LENGTH OF RUBBER STRAP cut from a truck tire, and smashes it down There is a SICKENING THUD against flesh.
A YOUNG WOMAN wearing an ao-dai and coolie hat rides up on a HONDA SCOOTER and stops by the shack.
In the darkness Brewer rages against the inhuman screaming, pounding the wall.
There is such determination born of rage in his expression that Podovsk stops.
Rambo convulses and begins to scream.
But the scream CONTINUES.
The scream breaks and becomes a FEROCIOUS HOWL.
Podovsk screams.
Convulses.
Rambo SCREAMS hideously and with cold premeditation to mask the sound of her work.
The big man's head ricochets off the wall into a second piledriver punch.
Behind him Rambo hurtles through the door, a blur, and smashes Vinh against the concrete wall.
Stop at a GAME Co is furious at his dawdling.
Rambo fires the makarov, hitting the earth near the pig.
The old man begins to sob helplessly.
It is hot.
TWO CHICKENS, THEIR THROATS CUT, are lying beside the gas can, which is upright with its cap off.
Hears SCREAMING.
He bites down and waits for oblivion.
It EXPLODES beyond the wall of flame.
Below, in the valley, the two Hueys are slowly scanning, like angry insects.
Rambo throws two grenades down the hill and sprints with Co deeper into the maze of the ruined monastery.
A COLUMN OF ORANGE FIRE blasts from the minigun as its gatling-gun barrels rotate in a blur.
One of the most ferocious anti-personnel weapons used in the Vietnam war, the GENERAL ELECTRIC M-134 Minigun fires six thousand 7.62mm rounds per minute.
She is SLAMMED AGAINST THE WALL.
Behind him the NAPALM CANISTERS hit the ground at the edge of the ruins.
boiling with turbulence as he surfaces, gasping.
Above, on the escarpment, a FIRE-STORM rages, lighting up the jungle.
Rambo blocks in a sweeping SHAO-LIN CHUN ROUNDHOUSE, ending in a fierce hammer punch to Palyushin's face.
He hammers into Rambo, slamming him mercilessly back.
Rambo has detached the door gun from its sling and, with the feed belt over one shoulder, carries it like a rifle.
Darkness.
The door is kicked open.
The TIGER'S, eyes burn with fury as he wheels in a circle, lunging at one dog clawing at another, keeping them all at bay.
Algren punches his shoulder and moves on down the line.
He kneels beside COLONEL BAGLEY, his commanding officer.
With insane courage, he wheels and charges the gun.
He peers into the ejection port as he cocks the weapon and sights out over the crowd.
Algren immediately starts counting the cash.
A KNOCK on the door.
Algren shuts his eyes, then calls out.
Algren lies in his cramped berth.
The other man immediately drops to his belly, prostrating himself.
A STEAM ENGINE lends plumes of smoke into the air as it waits.
The Japanese soldiers prepare to fire, one row kneeling, the other standing behind them.
Then a terrible scream cuts through the battlefield.
This only makes Ujio more angry.
Algren stands motionless as Ujio screams at him.
Algren strips off his filthy uniform then lowers himself into the steaming water.
The boys are suddenly dervishes, pulling various objects from the table and around the room, shouting the Japanese words for each.
Algren, holding the wooden sword in 1870'5 baseball manner, is coaxing Higen to throw the ball at him.
Furious, he throws himself at his opponent, reverting to classic saber technique.
Several samurai perform a ritualistic Noh drama.
Another smashes in through the window.
A Ninja SMASHES through the paper wall -- Algren grabs the nearest object, a low tea table.
They awkwardly smash through a paper wall into the next room.
Suddenly the Ninja JACKKNIFES as if punched by an unseen hand.
Yoritomo has FIRED blindly, through the wall killing Algren's attacker.
The battle is over.
Bloodied.
A row of them.
It is immediately familiar.
Ambassador Swan beck stands swallowing his rage.
The Japanese soldiers continue to scream at Yoritomo.
Algren stops.
Katsumoto glares at him harshly, furious to have his concentration disturbed at such a moment.
Katsumoto hears the scream.
Bagley is furious.
Their fluid tactics have rendered his field artillery useless.
They are both wounded.
Warriors.
He screams out an order.
Katsumoto is hit, blood explodes .-
A Japanese Officer shouts out an order -- the Gatling Guns stop.
Omura screams at him to continue firing!
He screams at the Japanese officer to resume fire!
The Japanese officer refuses.
Taka stops.
But Cassius never throws a punch...
And as Cassius slams through a door into a large room...  500 press, promoters and boxing people turn and stare!
Dundee expertly does it.
Sarria throws a towel over Cassius' shoulders.
A door slams open.
And all of a sudden, Cassius turns to face the angry man who wishes him death.
Liston's so furious, he flips, charging Cassius, who hits and ducks at the same time.
They break.
He's in trouble.
Making them crazy, causing a riot, coming down the sidewalk, looking like a rock-and-roll star in a black leather jacket, is CASSIUS CLAY and in an overcoat and hat, MALCOLM X.
There's a knock on the door.
Still in his familiar hat and overcoat.
I got a record player in my car.
He's furious.
And two young Black men, TALMADGE HAYER and NORMAN BUTLER immediately stand up in the back, jostling each other...
Dave Brubeck, loud...  Chaos.
He's angry at her presentation.
The IMAGE:   Ali standing over Liston, fist cocked, bellowing: Liston tries to get up, rolls over.
Ali, angry, stands in front of Herbert.
He's angry.
Ali throws a punch that doesn't land because he's separated.
Then, Ali throws a 17-punch combination.
He's in a car coat and a hat with a hooded sweatshirt underneath.
with icicles from Fire Dept.
It breaks off.
And Ali coming out of the Illinois Boxing Commission, angry.
People SCREAM.
He exhales in time with punches HUH, HUH, HUH... Ali's struggling to hold onto diminishing sharpness.
It's a dump.
SMACK!
He slaps him again.
goes nuts!
Ruled a slip, he stands immediately and continues.
There is mature, deep-seated, dead-serious molten anger.
It is savage.
grabbing.
A punch.
Also there is George Foreman and his trainer, Dick Sadler, and his manager, Nilon.
DICK SADLER, tough and smart, is the Louis Armstrong of trainers.
Everybody goes nuts.
George is literally punching a hole in the bag.
The kids scream.
feints his left and throws a right.
Sadler affectionately puts an arm around Ali's neck and reaches up and pretends to hit Ali on top of the head with a fist for Bingham's camera.
Throughout the above he's pretending to jab at Dick, who's laughing and feinting at him.
It's adversarial.
She finds Veronica's clothes, rips them, shreds peignoirs, overturns a night table, strips the bed, smashes more furniture, throws Veronica's suitcase at the mirror.
He puts on his robe and starts warming up before the mirror, throwing punches for a full minute.
Ali loosens up his neck.
The crowd goes nuts.
The crowd goes nuts.
Foreman is bent over at the waist, flexing and releasing the last tension in his huge shoulders, as the bell for ROUND ONE clangs...  charge out and stop as if they ran into a brick wall five feet from each other.
The crowd goes nuts.
AMBIENT SOUND starts to come back as Ali's attention returns to the present and he ignores...  Ali charges into the center of the ring, provoking Foreman to chase him, and Ali immediately BACKS TO THE ROPE.
Dazed.
Some Foreman punches get through, but the rope TWANGS and Foreman's hitting a trampoline with a hammer.
But, as if inconsequential...  Ali -- insulting, taunting -- snaps jabs into George's face, talking through his mouthpiece... blocks a rage of Foreman head shots with his fists, the abdominal shots within his elbows.
Each Foreman punch is a haymaker.
He's in trouble.
Ali will piss blood for two months.
Foreman throws a barrage of shots, he slams in five and six at a time.
The BELL. covering, taking the most powerful hooks Foreman's thrown in the fight, one after the other to the body.
HE'S HUNTING.
BUT...  He's faking.
And Ali is already cocking his right.
And through the spiral, Ali has moved with him, pivoting with the falling Foreman, his right fist cocked to unload again if he has to.
Kid throws a punch.
But everything is soon smothered by a METRO BUS, hogging the far lane of the Beltway, leaning on its HORN.
Ray's eyes flit to Carl. Louis crushes his newspaper down and lifts a big Colt Python from his lap just as -- A section of sheetrock kicks open and THREE FEDERAL OFFICERS bust out, each clutching a handgun, SHOUTING inaudibly.
Carl startled, does an almost effeminate dip down to one knee, but that knee is swept out from under him, slapping him flat onto plywood where he is instantly frisked down by the fence man who is wielding a 9 mm handgun.
It reads, through punched and rusted bullet holes: "Entering Bear Creek Indian Reservation."
Cooch throws a quick look Ray's way.
Tripping.
They don't see Cooch throw the wheel stick in drive, and lean into the man's ear.
Cooch shuts it off.
Cooch starts for his room but in a long, exaggerated country step as he breaks into the HANK WILLIAMS tune that has all but driven him insane inside the joint.
Then walks in, slaps the door shut, and locks it.
CLOSE ON - FILE PHOTO: a raging fire and six long-haired, fist-raising Indians, yelling at the camera.
A BLAST OF 200 DEGREE STEAM explodes forth and Cooch dances back, throwing up his rifle.
He glares with hatred into Cooch's eyes.
Ray steps up, gets ready to throw a frontkick at the door.
He throws his flashlight left and right.
He brings up his VFW hat, adorned with medals and puts it on.
A loud, angry voice breaks across the P.A. ANDERSON CHASING HAWK, a young Indian in ribbon shirt and long hair has taken possession of the microphone.
And a black cowboy hat.
Ray doesn't have a clue as to what this radical bullshit is about.
He's removed his hat so as not to invite any crap from Crow Horse.
Crow Horse chews this over, unable to hide a nagging frustration.
explodes in PINGS AND PONGS and a WOMAN'S SHRILL SCREAM.
Ray knocks his hand away, explosively.
Ray stands there, one hand up in defense, another poised to throw a punch.
And Grandpa goes back in, screendoor slapping shut behind him.
Harder than he has yet, and Ray starts walking toward his car in fuck-this steps.
The driver's side window and part of the door explodes.
Someone is going for the kill, is thrown open just as its window implodes, and Ray slides out belly first, gripping his M-16 and crawling like a dog soldier into tall wheat at roadside as the car, the road, the wheat, the dirt, the night are slammed by gunfire.
He lies there, listening.
Ray is fuming.
He can't believe what he's hearing, what's being insinuated, but he's giving it thought and it's getting him angry.
Ray stops.
Ray fires the car's big engine and takes off behind Cooch who is driving a fed Chevy.
Ray grabs him and slams him into the tin wall.
BULLHORNS screaming at him.
POOL BALLS knock from inside the bar while outside, A DAKOTAN takes a piss near a truck while his GIRLFRIEND stands at his back, yelling at him.
Cooch throws a mock punch at Ray and he mock blocks, tired.
The Le Baron throws up loose rock and red dust, driving toward a place where the sun begins a slow drop behind the Black Hills.
Ray gets out, adjusting the gun at the back of his waistband.
Ray raps a fist on the splintered plywood door.
Ray gets up, putting his gun away and heading to the door.
Pounds again.
Hits him again.
In a matter of seconds, he is on top of the man, sticking his gun in his throat.
Ray knocks at the front door.
He slams the Agent in Charge against the hollow wall, and holds him there.
Cooch suddenly explodes, throwing Ray off of him and sending him reeling back against the sink.
Ray stops dead.
He starts the car, reverses, slams into drive.
floors it, and swipes him, and the bike goes over the edge, launched into -- where it does a violent triple flip, throwing Crow Horse then smashing into a tent shaped dune.
The throws the wheel left.
Crow Horse, rises, sucking wind, and ditches his gun in the Badlands.
Ray refuses to move.
Ray lifts his hand, holds it flat, and does the Sioux done deal sign.
where West goes to Rapid City, and East back to Bear Creek, Ray stops like the bullet-punched sign orders.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Scott knocks on the door.
Scott, having stripped off his shirt, is washing himself at the sink.
Beat.
Zimmer screams.
Zimmer begins screaming.
Beat.
From the top of the stairs we hear screams, sounds of breaking, yells, commands being shouted.
Was he fucking her?
The Secret Service Agent, was he fucking Laura Newton... ?
Aah...fuck
You're fucken A Right they kill her.
He replaces it, and takes out a set of lock picks, and begins to work on the door.
As he moves, flat to the wall.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
ANGLE on Scott, who gets into the car, takes the keys he took from the Trooper, and begins screaming off down the highway.
HOLD on Assani, and the other Convict, Assani is holding a rag to his bleeding neck.
Scott turns his revolver at Assani, who begins to scream.
And the Lecturer screams, steps in, disarms the Trainee, throwing him to the mat.
Beat.
A beat.
Beat.
Shivering.
ANGLE on another car, coming down the drive, which smashes into the Jaguar.
She hears another explosion, and shouts coming from outside her door.
The man with the knife recoils for a moment, and Scott disarms him, throws him viciously to the concrete floor, and stomps on him.
The man handcuffs Scott behind his back.
Behind her we hear the crew shooting commands, and see the door to the Global jet close, as the jet begins to taxi.
It would be fucking incredible.
This fucking rules.
OK, so this asshole in front of me at the donut place is -- WHOA! Lily covers up and SCREAMS.
Fuck! Ow! I'm sorry.
He heads for the door, just as: Adam comes in, wearing a MAILMAN hat and NOTHING ELSE.
I'm more than willing to forget about earlier, but this shit's going on Facebook.
I've been sending shit there for months.
Three goddamn bags of pretzels?
The whole damn chain.
I hate your guts.
You tell me how a whore wife can fuck some black dude - no offense - and still take her cuckold of a husband for all he's got.
It's offensive.
And because he's fucking my wife.
Are you offended?
Then shut the fuck up.
She's got a hell of an attorney.
Oh, Adam's stupid brother's coming?
For your information, I fuck chicks.
Fuck yeah it is!
Fuck that.
Fuck yeah.
The guys look out the windows, wearing bummed expressions.
What the fuck is going on?
He grunts and curses his way down the hall on the slow and laborious journey.
I fuckin' got it.
He opens the door: The room SUCKS.
What the hell is with this place?
Premium shit only.
Nick's expression looks like he wants to kill the guy.
After another beat of consideration...  Fuck it.
Jacob coughs and spits out water and looks pissed.
-- Slam! Another bottle of vodka killed.
Crush!
That fucking bear got me good.
Fuck yeah.
I'm fucking starving.
What is this, a shitty car club?
In QUICK CUTS, the guys hit the slopes: -- In his ridiculous snowsuit, Nick skis down the mountain.
With the new snowfall, he expertly glides along.
For the rest of your goddamn life.
Let's fucking go for it.
It's good shit.
No thanks to you, asshole!
It's my fucking wedding!
What the FUCK is going on?! Nick stands up and calmly takes charge.
This is ridiculous.
Get the fuck out of here.
He expertly CATCHES IT, seamlessly continuing to carve.
Fuck that guy.
(in a daze.)
It's a fucking iPod!
The gull wing door opens and Lou steps out, in a foul mood.
Rental car agency fucked us!
Oh shit, they found me!
Punch it!
This thing's a piece of shit.
It FLIPS OVER in a fantastic disaster and comes to a stop in a DITCH.
The COP pulls over, gets out of his car, and DRAWS HIS GUN.
Who the hell are you dweebs?! Lou is up IN A FLASH.
He IMMEDIATELY DECKS THE GUY OUT COLD and PUMMELS HIM on the floor!
Jesus Christ, what the hell, Lou?! I have no tolerance for intruders.
Our friend's...  hellaciously wasted.
Yeah, fuck that, we're going to that party!
He was worthless.
Dead end.
I got us a fucking time machine.
Gentlemen, it's fucking 1987.
He did a bunch of drugs and went on a rant about how much he resents Ace of Base.
You son of a bitch!
Lou throws up his hands in frustration.
OK, what's the punch line?
Blaine, stop!
Jennie, stop!
It's from a box.
You're gonna fuck her!
She killed a guy!
He's freaked out.
Lily is standing in the doorway, looking sad and angry.
The cats get ANGRY and CLAW AT HIS FACE and body.
It's the 4th Quarter and the Browns score with 5:43 remaining on the clock to go up by 7. Two stools over, a SLICK-HAIRED ASSHOLE (RICK.)
Yes! Hate to tell ya, pal.
Eat shit and die, scumbag.
You win -- you can kill me.
What the fuck is date rape?
Smell it.
Who the fuck is Hank Musselman?
What's wrong with you?
I told him I blew you and he's not happy.
Holy shit!
What the hell do you want, old man?
What the fuck, dude?!
My parents are gonna sue the shit out of you!
Herschel and Evelyn aren't gonna do a damn thing.
I don't give a shit about hair.
Lou takes off his hat and feels his scalp - no hair.
Listen asshole!
Your girlfriend sucks one hell of a mean dick.
Adam makes a SLURPING SOUND and Blaine fumes.
Nick, Lou, and Jacob walk behind Adam, who looks pissed.
Adam SHITS HIS BRAINS OUT.
This is disgusting.
On the ground, Adam BEATS THE LIVING HELL out of Blaine, messing up his face.
Holy shit!
He fucked us.
And in case you haven't noticed, my life here fucking rules.
I hate you a little less also.
Dammit.
We fucking blew it.
Lou? You're damn right it's me.
Right after you left, I fucked Jennie silly.
You know, the same matter can't occupy the same space at the same time bullshit and we both go poof?
A MAN frantically stabs an EFFIGY of the SHAH.
Standing on a chair looking at the protest outside the gate, is BOB ANDERS, late 40s-50s, a consular officer.
But a moment later no more climbing is required, because the GATE CHAIN IS CUT and protestors FLOOD through the embassy gates, a human dam breaking -- Mounting chaos in here, the nerve center of the embassy.
Marines open the Chancery door, with a look -- FRED KUPKE, 34, communications officer, is shouting at staffers who pile up documents for the shredders -- Just everything.
-- NONE, there are no police -- Al Golacinski steps out onto the steps and immediately there is shouting, and a protestor puts a GUN to his head -- blindfolds him -- PUSHING AL'S head to the ground...  -- Second floor -- anyone who can hear this -- we need help -- As we MOVE DOWN the line of desks, J STAFFORD is also on a radio repeating the same in FARSI -- Others PACK things.
They reach the security locker -- code the door -- and enter the locker, heading to the INCINERATOR to begin destroying classified material -- Golacinski HELD UP TO THE DOOR -- GUN TO HIS HEAD.
Open the fucking door!
The furnace makes a LOUD CHUNK and stops.
Bob Anders SMASHES AMERICAN VISA PLATES.
These fucks can hit us, we Mossadeq.
They'd fucking ROBERT PENDER, 40s, joins them heading down the hall.
No, I was screaming his name HAL SAUNDERS, late 40s, Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs, perpetually stressed, coming out of his office, out of breath -- STAPLED PAGES with PHOTOGRAPHS.
They're claiming the embassy was a We wish it was the fucking Den of Espionage.
Fuck him.
Traffic calls them The Houseguests.
Carter's shitting enough bricks to build the pyramids.
The school was shut eight months ago.
A beat.
Rage at an anti-Iran protest in front of the White House.
This is the hell my forefathers A bull/human experiment in a SCI-FI lab, coming to bovine life.
What the fuck, Brian?
Engell nods for the door to be shut.
The target audience will hate it.
These fuckin' things are like getting measured for your coffin.
More images of angry crowds.
Mendez throws down the script.
It's dog shit.
You want me to be honest with you, Les? Naah, bullshit me, Max.
They may be cannibals swallowing each other up but they want health and dental, so the movie's kaput -- which means that MGM deal ain't gonna happen and your script ain't worth the buffalo-shit on a nickel.
The way this looks to me -- through the cataracts, I grant you -- is that you can either sign here and take ten thousand for your toilet-paper script -- or you can go fuck yourself.
The bullshit business is like coal mining.
We've got a script.
Keep that fucking space witch away from me.
And finally Lester's had it -- with his mouth full -- It means Argo fuck yourself.
growing from the ruins of the starship in the desert.
Half of them the pricks upstairs tried to shut me down.
Argo fuck yourself.
Argo fuck yourself.
They each do a shot.
It's like talking to those two old fucks on  The Muppets.' Vance and Turner enter the room without recognizing them.
Tony gets out of the car, pulls his bags from the back seat, and slams the door.
They're willful.
Mendez sits in the back of a taxi in the Tehran traffic, some of the worst traffic in the world.
Now the noise outside is louder.
Your guy better get them and get the hell out.
they accused him of being an American at the airport and held him for an hour.
We don't know what the hell movie people do.
Tony is PREPPING the CANADIAN PASSPORTS -- expertly copying Farsi stamps with a small sharpened stick.
A KNOCK on the door.
Tony is forced to nose his way through the crowd -- chanting and yelling -- some SLAPPING THE WINDOWS.
The Houseguests stop.
Women in chadors are screaming and finger-pointing.
Her claustrophobia as the crowd closes in -- an ANGRY BAZAARI WOMAN sticks her finger in Kathy's face -- (to one of the women.)
Shoot him.
A beat.
(after a beat.)
Packs the script.
What the fuck ds that mean?
You're goddamn close...  Am I goddamn close?
You're goddamn close to the line with me.
I'm not leaving him at the airport with six people and his dick in his hand.
We're a fucking SPY AGENCY!
Malinov slams a phone down.
(yelling out his DAVID!
We told them to shut that down!
Then he looks at Kathy's passport, in which she looks stern and angry.
This goddamn thing.
The Flight Traffic Controller moves his head-set mic away from his mouth to take a drink of very strong Iranian tea, and -- the door to the Control Room BURSTS OPEN.
We start to PULL AWAY FROM them -- leaving them behind -- beginning to RISE UP -- The Flight Controller has his arms up...  THROUGH the floor-to-ceiling windows of the tower, as three Komiteh watch a Swissair DC-10 angle upward and leave the ground...
He starts to punch the air.
Call the Times, nail it to the fucking door.
Involved in what?
I said,  Argo fuck yourself.'
Mendez, a duffel bag on his shoulder, knocks on the door.
Destroyed your car, and you're paying... ?
We're dealing with a first offender here, and since Ms. Beamish doesn't want to press charges, whaddya say we just let this one slide, Officers?
He's being arrested for drunk driving.
And I'm a lawyer.
His hysterical wife runs screaming behind them.
Everyone screams in disbelief as they go into St.
You're the one who's so angry these days.
Stop shouting.
Life in the-fat lane.
I just got pissed off 'cause I had to pull so many strings to get you that job.
You're an asshole.
Killing his roommate for removing Janis Joplin for the soundtrack from Manhattan???
Red drives men mad.
I have a mad man in my life already.
Kevin is fighting with a ridiculous wine opener.
They are insane.
She screams as Alec heads for the kitchen.
He lies down on the floor.
You get some hot clothes, get yourself a man...  you won't be worryin' about all this shit.
You dumb shit.
I hate Woody Allen movies.
But if it all gets too much Like just too fucking much...
Wendy is destroyed as she opens the door.
But don't you need science credits to get into mad school?
Oh, shit.
What's wrong?
I said, take your goddamn hands off my wife.
Billy throws himself on top of him, slugging.
Felicia screams.
St. Elmo's watches as Billy and blue-collar beat the shit out of each other.
Felicia is hurling insults at Billy as she tends to blue- collar.
Get outta my life!!! Alec, Kevin and Kirbo are dealing-with Billy's rage.
I hate that bitch!!!
Goddamn you, Billy.
You shit.
Rejection.
Leave me alone.
Have you fucked him yet?
Fuck him and if you don't like it, break the engagement.
Why did you lie?
She then goes into the tiny kitchen and picks up a large garbage bag.
She opens the apartment door as her roommate, JUDITH, arrives home with a bad cold.
Here's my roommate, Judith.
She hates me.
I hate her.
Traffic, people.
But I think you're a fool.
It helped me grow up a lot and see how stupid I was... How stupid you were to be caring about a loser like me.
Jesus Christ, will you just for once not make the reason you won't marry me your fucking career!
Alec filled with guilt and remorse becomes angrier.
Leslie and Kevin fuck on the floor, on the coffin, in the shower.
Do I. I've had a shit day.
I've had a shit year.
He immediately goes for the gold.
You shit!!!
Kirby, stop.
Leave me alone.
The room is destroyed as Leslie and Kevin lie on the floor blissfully in each other's arms.
Shit, how'd she find out?
Little fuckin' Kevin.
Guy gets out of the car.
I hate you, Dad.
I really hate you now.
She shouts at them.
You leave him alone...  that's my father!
What's wrong?
You fucked Kevin!
I was confused and angry...  and I care for him deeply.
The night Leslie gave me the kiss- off, I fucked a black hooker three times.
He is immediately angered, but eventually gets off the phone and joins her.
There is a beat and then Jules speaks from the depths of hell.
I'll throw myself out the window before they get through the door.
Alec tries to laugh along with him, but suddenly rage returns.
You little shit!!!
Alec, stop Iit!
Jules, listen...  Bullshit.
It stops everyone on the fire escape.
Lying on the floor of her bedroom.
Street hustlers slap high- fives with three-card monte dealers.
ECKHARDT curses under his breath.
ECKHARDT is livid.
He's at a craps table, blowing into his fist.
staring up in utter disbelief at the action on the catwalk.
Like a drum majorette from hell, he WHIRLS THE STAFF as the HOODS CONVERGE on him.
AN EXPLOSION knocks him off his feet.
Now he's got a GUN pointed DIRECTLY AT BATMAN releases JACK and stands back.
A deuce.
KNOX fumes.
VICKI is momentarily stuck for a reply.
SCREEN GOES BLACK as the opera glasses SNAP SHUT.
A DOOR SLAMS.
The wind knocks his hat off.
We TILT UP the chrome-and-glass facade of the skyscraper, arriving finally at the TOP FLOOR: a PLATE GLASS WINDOW spiderwebbed with cracks where Jack's bullets hit.
ALICIA, mystified, lets herself in and turns to lock the door.
She SHRIEKS.
The CLOWN offers him a balloon, which be politely refuses.
In the lobby, A MIME -- who's been annoying the passersby -- THROWS A BOLT, LOCKING THE DOORS from inside.
It's almost as if the bullets are striking A moment later, it's all over but the screaming.
A KNOCK at the door as VICKI hangs up.
THE JOKER cocks an eyebrow.
The doors swing open and in strolls THE JOKER, looking quite dapper in his street makeup and BIG PURPLE PIMP'S HAT.
He cocks an eyebrow at Edvard Munch's "THE SCREAM."
They pull their guns and OPEN FIRE as BATMAN and VICKI plummet past.
The doors are LOCKED.
A beat.
VICKI SCREAMS.
VICKI slams up into the catwalk and BOBS on the end of the line as BATMAN lands with a loud crash, overturning a row of garbage cans.
A GLOVED HAND snakes out with lightning speed -- GRABBING GOON I BY THE COATTAIL and pulling him DIRECTLY INTO THE LINE OF FIRE.
In one fluid motion BRUCE HEAVES GOON I's lifeless body THROUGH THE AIR, knocking GOON II backward over a garbage can.
GOON III takes a rabbit punch to the throat.
BATMAN floors the pedal; the Batmobile's powerful AFTERBURNERS kick in; and the hapless cops KILL THEIR SIRENS as BATMAN zooms off into the night at 140 mph.
She lets out a SCREAM.
A FLASHBULB EXPLODES.
KNOX slaps his forehead in frustration, sprawls back in his chair.
KNOX is a bundle of nerves now.
He plugs it in, flips open the screen, punches up a telecommunications program.
One of them uses a key to lock the car in place on VICKI's floor.
Frustrated, snarling, ready to throw a tantrum.
HORNS HONK in anger.
In the bay of the helicopter stands a kid, fifteen, compact, tough, and wiry: DICK GRAYSON.
THE BATMAN is thrown off his horse by the shock of a massive EXPLOSION.
His face is contorted with rage and pain.
And then -- before THE PILOT can make a move to stop him -- DICK HAS JUMPED With astonishing physical grace, he DIVES.
THE VAN knocks over a fire hydrant and STOPS.
DICK is already on his feet, ready to CHARGE THE VAN, when BATMAN throws a powerful arm around his waist.
PEDESTRIANS SCREAM as the GOONS level their guns at the CROWD.
DICK is kicking, screaming, clawing, biting.
DICK BREAKS FREE and BOLTS AFTER THEM.
What the hell is going on here?
Beneath the statue of blind Justice, BRUCE and HARVEY DENT march through the portico, engaged in a heated argument.
BRUCE stalks off fuming.
It's bolted shut.
The little hellion's eyes are filled with raw, burning hatred.
Without warning, the kid RUSHES him, throwing a rock-solid punch.
He SMASHES INTO a closet door and slumps to the carpet.
ENGINES ROAR and the supercar ACCELERATES, SMASHING THROUGH THE GATE and taking half the chain-link fence with it.
THE JOKER'S MEN running for their lives across the parking lot, KNOCKED FLAT by the force of SIX DEAFENING EXPLOSIONS.
For a few seconds everything is flame and fury.
GILROY hoists a pair of oversized scissors and cuts a ceremonial ribbon: hydraulic CRANES kick into gear: CABLES DROP FREE, and the canvas cover draws back from LADY GOTHAM's face...  ... to a chorus of SCREAMS from the crowd.
HOPELESSLY OUTMANNED COPS try to maintain order as SOLID CITIZENS trample one another in a paroxysm of ANIMAL GREED.
GLASS SHATTERS, DOORS BREAK OPEN as they claw their way out of stalled subway cars and SPILL OUT onto the tracks.
Then they HEAD FOR THE TREES as the BATWING DIVES DIRECTLY AT THE TRUCKS, firing THREE ARMOR-PIERCING SHELLS...  and destroying the JOKER's lethal cargo once and for all. in the cockpit, his jaw set, not even looking back at the wreckage as his plane screams off toward the Gotham skyline.
He looks down, sees a BILLOWING HAZE of DENSE GREEN FUMES.
KNOX throws VICKI to the street, ducks down behind the spotlight, and tosses her his CAR KEYS.
The JOKER screams out commands, to no avail.
MACHINE GUN FIRE peppers the dome of the cockpit.
BOMB BAYS OPEN as BATMAN dumps the last of his high explosives DIRECTLY INTO THE PATH OF THE TANK.
And suddenly a GAPING CHASM opens underneath the tank as the bombs go off -- and BROAD AVENUE BEGINS TO SPLIT WIDE BROKEN CONCRETE SLABS rain down on a SUBWAY CAR stalled in the tunnel DIRECTLY BENEATH BROAD AVENUE.
The JOKER dives, takes cover, and RETURNS DICK'S FIRE.
DICK'S GUN drops with a thud.
Hates the cold.
Hates it here.
Two men arguing like mad and desperate children.
The man with the gun rolls out before the explosion.
The men jump back in disbelief.
The crazed visitor screams and fires as he stalks after them.
His countenance ablaze, mad.
He runs, screaming, firing, screaming, reloading and firing.
MacReady, going over his flight chart, looks mad as hell.
The flashlight exposes the back of the radio chair.
The door has been slammed shut.
He untapes it, pockets it and shuts the door.
He smells.
The door is slammed shut from the inside.
He stops at a door with six locks on it.
Loud.
A hissing.
Barks.
He, too, bothered by the noise, tosses and turns in his sleep.
Clark rolls away, annoyed.
Clark, sleepy, irritated, makes his way down the freezing corridor.
The savage outpouring of noise from within baffles and angers him.
Smack! Just as he opens the door, two dogs, as if jettisoned from a cannon, knock him off his feet.
A beat.
as it smashes the glass of the fire alarm.
Chaos.
The fight inside rages on.
They smash into MacReady and send him sprawling.
Clark wades into the pack, grabs at dogs' hides and throws them back.
Blair, in silent awe, stands over the badly burned corpses of two interlocking dogs, that lie before him on a table.
high above the Antarctic expanse.
A beat.
Irritated, distressed, station manager Garry moves briskly down the hall.
Shouts.
Sanchez lies on the floor, groaning.
He screams, his head the only thing sticking out of the ice.
MacReady throws his thermite canister.
MacReady and Childs watch on in frustration and anger.
A screeching.
Opening and shutting doors.
They shout for him to stop.
Still trembling, he tosses the shells back into the broken case, leans the gun against the wall and begins to sob.
Several others lie open on his desk.
MacReady locks the door behind them.
MacReady, furious, pulls Childs away.
A beat.
MacReady, lying vulnerable, watches Nauls pull his way toward him.
He tenses.
A beat.
Norris startled by the scream, turns on the siren.
bellowing.
They tense.
More pounding.
Crunch.
A shoe splits in half and falls to the floor, exposing the beginnings of a talon.
It struggles, lunges for the floor, straightens up, and moves a few feet.
MacReady cocks his gun.
The hissing.
He smashes into MacReady knocking him over the table.
Screeching.
The men are screaming hysterically.
Frustrated, he charges up behind Palmer and begins hammering the thick steel instrument over his head.
Nauls throws his on the floor.
MacReady shuts off the lights.
The gas bombs are cocked.
Half of The Thing's grotesque and angular torso bolts up through the hole, howling in fury.
A beat.
Kimble throws away his hat and mask.
The attacker immediately goes for the gun.
lying on the floor.
Third floor.
Thinking...  CAMERA MOVES THROUGH smoke-fillet room to find tough FEMALE PROSECUTOR, a man in late forties, WALTER GUTHERIE, and STOPS ON the source of the voice we've been hearing and the cigar: JUDGE BENNETT, late fifties.
The GAVEL CRACKS as we - Locking wire mesh cage inside bus.
"Fucking jailhouse lawyers."
Kimble hits the floor.
The Old Guard jams a key into the cage door and surges inside, but...  Prisoner #1 broadsides Old Guard.
The CAGE DOOR SLAMS locked behind the Old Guard.
Young Guard wrestles gun from Prisoner #2 and FIRES, killing prisoner #2.
Dead.
Throws the door open.
Immediately HORNS begin BLARING.
Slips once.
Shivering.
FIRES once killing Copeland instantly.
Stevens stops.
Kimble steals it.
Kimble knocks at door.
A car door slams.
Overhead he hears the SCREAMING from the arresting cops.
He takes a look at the Boy's chart and grabs the X-rays and yells to O.R. nurse.
Kimble throws open a fire door and starts across the lobby.
With adrenal effort, Kimble wrings his body through the opening...  ... and makes it outside - except for his foot - caught like in a bear trap, as the door locks down.
Charging the glass doors.
Nichols excuses himself from the table.
Biggs stops him.
Then hits Sykes again and again with the butt of the gun, driving him down the length of the car, knocking him almost unconscious.
A moment later Kimble follow and enters the...  ... and is immediately smashed with a chair by Nichols.
Nichols locks the door.
He pulls him up, slams him against the fire escape doors.
It stops on the floor ten feet below the roof.
Steam rises from the giant machines.
Just before he fires however he hears...  Nichols turns toward the voice as Kimble swings the stick and clocks him - sending the gun skittering on the floor behind Gerard.
Throws them back.
Pharaoh SCREAMS.
The DOORS EXPLODE OPEN.
Imhotep SCREAMS in rage.
But just before he does, WE QUICKLY CUT TO IMHOTEP'S FACE, horrified, as OFF CAMERA, the Priest SCREAMS.
The lid to the coffin is SLAMMED SHUT.
O'Connell throws it on, crisscrossing his own bandolier.
O'Connell and Beni run through the ruins.
The Tuaregs let loose with those horrifying oooo-loo-loog SCREAMS.
O'Connell steels himself, cocks and locks.
O'Connell throws his rifle down and goes for his guns.
He turns and runs like hell, right through the front gate.
O'Connell SLAMS his body into the door.
And that's when the horses go ape-shit.
O'Connell quickly turns and runs off through the ruins.
The Curator throws it to the floor.
Evelyn quickly snatches it off the desk and gives him a very angry, suspicious look.
Evelyn is stunned and furious.
He hits the floor.
Hundreds of filthy PRISONERS stare down onto the gallows as the hangman's noose is draped over O'Connell's head and cinched tight around his neck.
Insulted, the Warden angrily turns and gestures to the Hangman, who pulls the lever.
But he's still alive, because -- The prisoners go ape-shit, SCREAMING and SHOUTING in anger.
Spooks the hell out of the Mumia guys.
SMASH CUT TO: our old traitorous friend BENI.
Evelyn's eyes widen, furious, she turns and storms off.
He cocks his hook, about to kill her.
And that's when the door is KICKED OPEN.
FIRES A GUN. Woodchips BLAST OFF the wall next to O'Connell's head.
Kills the Mumia.
O'Connell grabs her and YANKS her out of the FLAMING ROOM.
And that's when the door is KICKED OPEN again, it hits him in the ass and knocks him into the fire.
O'Connell SHOOTS OFF the paddock lock.
The horses go nuts.
Half the barge is now ON FIRE.
O'Connell and Beni watch it, expressionless.
Burns is THROWN from his horse.
A BEAT.
O'Connell and Beni are neck-and-neck.
CRACK!
CRACK!
O'Connell gives them a big, shit-eating grin.
O'Connell cocks his pistol.
But nobody lowers their guns.
Beni cocks his gun, grinning, he wants it to happen.
The lump BURROWS UP HIS NECK.
O'Connell jumps up and throws the elephant gun to Evelyn.
He takes off running through the ruins.
Evelyn immediately gets up and runs after him.
O'Connell races through the ruins and SLAMS right into Beni, who is obviously trying to high-tail-it out of there.
Evelyn SCREAMS, trips over a rock and FIRES the elephant gun, -- BLAM! Blows the Rider off his mount and CATAPULTS him twenty feet back into some ruins.
A BEAT.
Shit-faced drunk.
Evelyn is insulted, she staggers to her feet.
Evelyn's HAND slips the KEY into the sarcophagus, lock and turns it.
Henderson and Burns hold guns on them.
Henderson kicks the sandy floor in anger.
The campfire is SUCKED UP INTO THE AIR O'Connell, Evelyn and Jonathan race down the labyrinth, slapping at themselves and picking locusts out of their hair Evelyn steps forward, something SQUISHES.
Evelyn SCREAMS.
Jonathan SCREAMS.
He starts to SCREAM.
Evelyn SCREAMS again and backs away into a wall.
Imhotep grabs him, throws him to the ground and sets his skeletal foot on Burns' chest, like a big game hunter standing on his kill.
Beni SCREAMS, backs away and OPENS FIRE.
Beni drops his gun and grabs at the CHAINS around his neck, RELIGIOUS SYMBOLS AND ICONS dangle from each chain.
Imhotep stops in his tracks.
A steamer trunk is slammed to the floor and thrown open.
Evelyn UNPACKS the dresses O'Connell throws a handful of her underthings into the trunk.
Evelyn KICKS the lid shut, slamming it on his fingers.
O'Connell storms out and SLAMS the door.
SLAM goes the door.
O'Connell fake-punches him.
The HAIL and FIRE come to a stop.
BLASTING Imhotep Bullets RIP through his body.
O'Connell steps forward, throws a RIGHT HOOK, punches Imhotep in the face, -- HIS FIST GOES THROUGH IMHOTEP'S SKULL AND GETS STUCK DEEP INSIDE HIS HEAD.
Then he takes Evelyn, shoves her into the bedroom, slams the door and locks it with a skeleton key.
From inside her room we can hear Evelyn POUNDING on the door and YELLING.
O'Connell throws the skeleton key to Daniels.
WE PAN UP TO -- Beni is RANSACKING the joint, pulling out drawers and files and throwing them on the floor.
Beni's feet dangle off the floor.
And that's when they hear a BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM coming from down in the bazaar.
O'Connell and Jonathan scramble to the window and look out -- Down in the bazaar, people are SCREAMING and quickly backing away from the SHRIVELED CORPSE OF THE EGYPTOLOGIST.
Sending people SCREAMING and running.
Henderson gets up and goes over to shut it.
The BANGING gets LOUDER.
TWO HIDEOUS BOIL & SORE-COVERED MEN charge out of a doorway, SCREAMING.
His disease-ridden disciples immediately begin pouring out of the front doors of the museum and chasing after the car.
O'Connell and the others fight them off, throwing them overboard.
WE CUT WIDE: Somewhere in the middle of the crazed, diseased mob, we hear Daniels give out A BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM...
Freaked-out.
Everybody SCREAMS.
But the angry, festering mob quickly surrounds them.
Ardeth Ray YELPS and gives O'Connell a look to kill.
O'Connell talks through angry, grit teeth.
Evelyn SCREAMS.
O'Connell jags right, pushing Jonathan and Ardeth Ray ahead of him, he strikes a match off the wall, lights the nubby fuse on a stick of dynamite, throws it, and runs like hell.
FIRE BLAST incinerates a bunch of crazies.
And on that WE SMASH CUT TO -- THE ERFOUD DUNES - DAWN Jonathan's bashed-in convertible steams it's way up to a set of semi-abandoned Quonset huts.
O'Connell grabs the Lewis machine-gun, cocks the bracket and FIRES, blasting away at Imhotep's giant face inside the sandstorm.
Jonathan and Ardeth Ray SCREAMING.
A passageway to hell.
Jonathan starts to freak out and SCREAM.
The scarab hits the floor and immediately starts scurrying back towards Jonathan, wanting to finish the job.
O'Connell FIRES the elephant gun.
Ardeth Ray stops him.
BLASTING the shit out of the mummies.
Evelyn wakes up, lying chained to the top of the altar.
Evelyn SCREAMS.
O'Connell and Ardeth Ray FIRING as they go.
And then his greed gets the better of him and he quickly climbs down and scurries back towards the door.
It hits him like lightning -- Imhotep grins, then grabs the KEY/BOX hanging from a chain around his neck, rips it off and shoves it into his pocket He picks up the sacrificial sword and heads for Jonathan.
Imhotep looks up at Anubis, points to O'Connell, and in ANCIENT EGYPTIAN commands him to attack.
Evelyn SHOVES Anck-su-namun away, Anck-su-namun looks up and opens her fetid mouth to scream just as Anubis CRASHES DOWN on top of her, SMASHING HER to powder and DRIVING her into the ground.
Imhotep SHRIEKS in rage and horror, then turns and angrily heads for Jonathan.
Imhotep approaches, rage in his eyes.
Imhotep grins and PUNCHES O'Connell in the face.
One last HUGE FLASH, accompanied by a BLAST OF WIND, and Imhotep is spit out and thrown to the floor.
He's mortal.
A BEAT.
Evelyn dives, but gets stuck in the middle, about to get cut in half.
A BEAT.
Damn.
She hangs up.
Fuck! Nick sits at his desk inputting information from a large PILE of documents into a spreadsheet on his computer.
So either you're a liar -- which I know you're not -- or our system is off by a full minute.
Then -- So you did lie.
Bad!
It's this damn recession.
These people have worked their asses off for me.
What the fuck?!
Margie quickly slips into the rest room and shuts the door.
Well, then, you're fucking stupid, Dad.
And it's bullshit that I got put on the registered sex offender list for that!
Yes, he may be a pathological liar and have a crippling drinking problem, but when the chips are down, Nick has what it takes.
So you've just been lying to me?
It's a recession.
First of all...  (pointing to a What is this `EnviroTech Waste Management' shit that we're paying so much for?
Yeah, fuck that.
I want you to fire the fat people.
You think when I was a kid I dreamed of running a fucking chemical company?
I want you to know that I am as surprised and angry about this as you are.
Hank wheels away, leaving Kurt to face the angry looks of his CO-WORKERS.
Look, Julia, this is ridiculous -- (holding up hand.)
They shut us down.
You? Waiting tables?
Line them up, put one bullet through their three heads.
Jeez.
These pieces of shit are going to die someday.
Shut up, Kurt.
If it's bullshit, Dale, then how come we all want to do it so much?
Hey! Stop it, what are you -- ?
He goes to turn off the gas but before he can -- I'll tell her you fucked me!
If you don't fuck me, I'll tell her you fucked me.
This is rape!
You raped me!
Your dick wasn't hard.
Let's kill the bitch.
What bitch?
That was before Julia tried to fuck me on top of my fiancee's unconscious body.
There's a beat.
That would be stupid.
What do we do if this guy gets here and he asks for so much money that we can't afford him and he gets mad and kills all of us?
So you're telling me I drove all the way to the Valley and no one wants to be pissed on?
It was never my -- Oh shit, please shut up.
This is ridiculous.
I know who Dean Jones is, bitch!
I considered Motherfucker.
But in the end, I thought Cocksucker Jones sounded more badass than Motherfucker Jones.
Shut up, Dale.
Who're they fucking?
Yeah, well, too fucking bad.
Nick takes a breath, leans over his garbage pail and sticks a Commtronix pen down his throat.
Disgusting.
Holy shit, that's a lot of blow.
God, this must be worth, like, ten thousand -- oh shit!
What the fuck?!! Sorry, my sleeves were slippery!
Not a complete waste.
You stole that from Pellit's house?
Nobody said we'd be stealing.
Damn.
Holy shit.
Stupid cat.
God damn it!
Little bastard.
Damn.
Now, get your fucking Chevy Cavalier the hell off my block!
Hostile?
Nick joins him at the window and they both react as they see what appears to be Dale repeatedly STABBING Harken in the chest, neck and arms.
Holy shit!
What the hell is he thinking?! He's not stopping.
Why are you being so suspicious?
You're being ridiculous.
Wait, you were just mad at me for killing him and now you're mad at me for not killing him?! See, this is why I needed to know what these people look like!
What the fuck?! What?
He's knocking on his door!
Fuck!
Shit!
So you took that as an invitation to fuck her? Julia opens her front door, stares straight at Kurt and beckons him inside with one finger.
I took her invitation to fuck her as an invitation to fuck her.
What were you doing near his house?! Nick looks at him, pissed.
Does that mean we're under arrest?
The guys turn to see Samson holding out a traffic citation.
We are so fucked.
Wait for Harken to come home and ambush him?
That'll freak him out.
So fucking ready.
What the hell are you doing here?
You come to stab me a few more times, you lunatic?
Are you fucking her too?
The guy you killed.
Yeah, I killed Pellit -- Hang on.
Hold that thought, because I want to get my friend, I walked right up to his door and I shot him in his fucking chest, and I'll tell you something: I liked it.
Let me go grab him and you can tell him exactly what you just -- You're pathetic, Waters.
You come into my home, on my goddam birthday and try and pull this shit?
You...  ... you, and your friend Kurt, whoever the fuck he is.
Dead.
My gun.
He confessed the whole damn thing!
I fucked up.
Overcome with rage, Nick PUNCHES Kurt in the arm then rushes to the door.
Nick sits steaming mad as Kurt drives.
Turn it off, Dale! Oh yeah...  oh shit!
Oh, shit.
Lose him!
Lose him?
Jesus Christ, this guy's nuts!
You going to slap me with your cock, Dale?
I'm going to beat your face with my cock!
More! BANG! Harken again HITS Kurt's car from behind.
Nice job `fucking the crazy out of her,' Kurt!
What the hell?
I pay nineteen bucks a month for this fucking service!
Oh, shit!
Shit, shit, shit...  Harken taps on Kurt's window with the barrel of the gun.
Look, Mr. Harken -- Shut the fuck up!
Now I can tell the cops that when I discovered you three killed Pellit, you tried to kill me to shut me up.
That's crazy!
Margie now looks genuinely pissed off.
What the hell?!
You little bastard -- Shut up, Julia.
A third places the cap on his head and cocks it.
Their headlights on, with an opaque glow, by now useless.
A squadron stands ready in a semicircle with machine guns in firing position.
Immediately the others hurl themselves against the door.
They are yelling, shouting insults, and spitting on Ali.
He pays no heed to the fist blows, the shouts, the spits, but seems neither to see nor hear, as if he were already resigned to having lost the battle this time, and were preparing to wait patiently for a better chance.
Ali starts to throw himself on the Frenchman lying on the ground, but stops halfway.
Ali curses angrily, then, kicks the policeman's head twice, and runs after the girl.
He is swearing.
His clothing is a strange combination of Algerian and European which does not, however, appear ridiculous, but imposing.
Ali steps aside, and releases a BLAST OF MACHINE-GUN FIRE.
Hacene falls flat on his face.
The guard falls flat on his face.
They are shouting.
He grabs the machine gun and retraces his steps.
The right door opens and there is a burst of machine-gun fire.
It is very hot.
The officer curses under his breath and proceeds.
The officer is not far behind him; he has taken his car keys from his pocket, and is about to open the car door.
The other man has opened the car door.
From time to time, there is a sudden scream, a despairing sob, someone running.
There is anger and hatred.
The crowd is shouting, pushing, rushing forward with him, like a raging stream, tumultuous and unrestrainable.
He slows down, speaks to his men, a few words in Arabic, his voice cold and bitter.
At an intersection of rue Marengo, an alley, Hassiba enters a large door, and shuts it.
Hassiba tells him that it doesn't matter, but the man insists.
Holding it by the strap, she places it on the floor below the counter behind the brass railing used to lean one's feet.
He interrupts his speech, points to the rest of the window: Two or three officers stand up to perform the task.
The beggar protests and waves his cane in a way that the policeman has to duck to prevent himself from being hit.
The policeman curses, spitefully, coarsely.
Doors are beaten down, shots, screams, rifle fire, machine gun fire; the doors opened or broken down; the courtyards, the houses, the rooms, invaded; the men who are trying to escape and who protest and try to save themselves.
The motor is accelerated, clouds of exhaust fumes ...  Door latches pried open like lids of sardine cans, shop windows smashed with machine-gun butts, the counters, the shelves, flung into the air, the merchandise thrown into the streets; a game, a frenzied excitement ... The Algerians watch, but can not intervene.
The front doors of houses are shut.
Night, darkness, locked doors.
Behind them, shouts, whistles, and machine-gun fire are heard.
A woman rushes to shut the door while a man leads the four toward an opening hidden by some boxes.
The men are in a row on the balcony of the first floor, their hands crossed behind their heads, their backs to the wall, while paras guard them with pointed machine guns.
The machine gun is thrown in the back of the ambulance.
Ramel and Si Mourad are on the first-floor balcony, lying in wait behind the railings, so they are able to watch the door, courtyard, and the stairway that leads from the balcony to the terrace.
Immediately afterward he places the flat and rectangular bomb in the bottom of the basket.
Their machine guns are lying on the ground.
The shooting stops.
He removes his cloak, tosses it on the chair, and puts his machine gun on the table.
The child gets up immediately.
Mahmoud's face is expressionless.
But the explosion does not occur.
And then, from time to time, in the by now dark night, the shrill and angry ju-jus.
FIRE COMMANDER O'CONNELL yells at his men to finish the job and get the hell away.
Sparks from the loose cables spit off flashes of light as the cables hiss and slap against the ceiling and walls of the vault.
Guy's got balls.
Through smoke we see TWO MEN huddled in the corner, trapped by three loose 'HOT' CABLES - WHIPPING AROUND THE TINY VAULT LIKE AN ELECTRIC HYDRA.
Frustrated, Frank lights up another cigarette.
Slams down the phone.
Slightly frustrated, he stands and opens the glass doors to the family room where Julia is watching TV - a very young STEPHEN HAWKING is being interviewed by WALTER CRONKITE, 52.
He starts to take a step into the room, and stumbles over Elvis, sleeping by the door... KNOCKING INTO and CRACKING a GLASS PANE in one door.
Pretending to fight.
Beat.
Immediately galvanized, Frank moves to the girl.
ONE FLOOR.
TWO FLOORS.
THREE FLOORS, and suddenly they are face to face with a WALL OF FIRE blocking access to the 4th floor.
Fire fighters are efficiently and expertly hard at it.
The fire on this floor is now a raging inferno.
A FUCKING FURNACE.
The door blows open and flames leap out, the energy of the blast tossing Frank and the unconscious girl back onto the floor, fire surging over their heads.
The whole GODDAMN BUILDING is going to COLLAPSE.
OH SHIT!
Frank grips the girl tight, raises his BOOTS, bends his knees, and like a HUMAN BATTERING RAM, SMASHES THROUGH THE THEY'RE AIRBORNE.
Beat.
Julia quickly shuts off the I.V.
The intern steps back: "Oh shit."
His hand is shaking as he punches the speed dial button for the second time.
On the slam of John's phone, we got to...  John knocks on the door.
But Satch grabs him, slams him against the wall.
In B.G. - at the bar - the Scraggly Man, looking frustrated, slides off his stool and strides out of the place.
A black Frye boot explodes into Frank's gut.
So we'll call him...  Killer's eyes, evil fuckin' black dots.
Beat.
He is freaked.
Shepard smiles, unfazed...  Shepard gives Frank a look that would make a Marine Drill Sergeant shit his pants.
He looks like John - controlled rage piercing through that Sullivan thousand yard stare.
Strike on.
She looks mad: how the hell can he be watching the ball game at a time like this? Beat.
Shepard: What the fuck?
Frank lunges over the table, smashing a wooden chair over Shepard's head.
Kicking the still live cord out of the coffee puddle, he then drags Shepard's body into the room, shutting the door.
Hits SPRAY button - Professional Fire Fighter ingenuity - HOMEADE BLOW TORCH.
Frank cracks open the door and slips out.
He nails it.
Everyone screaming their heads off.
He slips through the madness, heading down the hall and towards the stairs.
Fuck 'em.
John smashes his bulk into the door... one...two... three times.
John's eyes glaze over in rage and fury.
Punches in the cell number.
He's outta there, expertly thundering down fire escape.
BANG!
The door is kicked open.
Shepard stops, listens - nothing.
Cocks back the hammer.
The brick smashes against Shepard's head.
She has been through hell.
Johnny stirs awake at the sound of the scream...  John and Shepard are in a desperate TUG OF WAR over the gun.
BANG!
BANG.
Slams her against the wall, knocking her unconscious onto the shower floor.
Shepard lets go of the gun, heave John over and grabs him by the neck... strangling him.
Shepard cocks back the hammer.
It's a hell of a party..
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
A VIOLENT, EAR-SHATTERING ECHO.  Malcolm clutches his stomach and folds like a rag doll onto the bed.
Beat.
The boy immediately goes white.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Lynn slowly spins the papers, taking in some of the phrases...  going on Quiet the damn baby I'll cut you I swear it someone stop the burning I'll kill you I'll kill all you bastard...
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
He makes sure not to make a noise with the door as he closes it shut.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
The two boys are statues as Cole's BLOOD-CHILLING YELLS FILL THE FOOTSTEPS SPIKE THE AIR AS children and mothers come running down the hall.
THE HIGH-PITCHED SCREAMS CUT THROUGH Lynn and Darren's mom rush to the door and turn the knob...
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Steam rises from a street vent.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Anna's HUSHED WORDS RISING IN THE AIR LIKE A GUN BLAST.
Lynn is irritated, this is a sore point between them.
A SHATTERING DOOR SLAM ECHOES THROUGH THE STORE.
Mother and son are quiet as they move towards their car.
Beat.
Beat.
A sudden rage surges up.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Cole closes the door to his mother's bedroom shut.
Beat.
BEAT.
Beat.
Cole stares at the shut door like he doesn't want to go in.
Beat.
The father SHUTS OFF THE TELEVISION with his trembling hands.
Beat.
Beat.
Cole puts on his tattered hat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
BEAT.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
He looks in disbelief at the set of DEAD BOLT LOCKS on the door.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
They close shut.
Beat.
Beat.
top.location.href=location.href
Squadrons of lead soldiers stand ready for battle as Thomas, lying on the floor, deploys his men.
Two dozen ANGRY, YELLING, MEN OF PROPERTY.
The room is quiet, the Assemblymen having been thrown off- balance.
Marion and Lee drop all formality and become nothing more than two old friends, pissed off.
Thomas grimaces, expecting him to be angry, but sees him shake his head gently.
An angry cow runs out of the barn, dragging a tenacious Samuel who is holding onto the cow's neck.
Irritated, he walks toward them.
Margaret SCREAMS.
"The Butcher."
Tarleton turns to his second-in-command, MAJOR WILKINS.
Wilkins and several other Dragoons calmly FIRE THEIR PISTOLS, killing the three Patriots.
He RUNS, THROWING HIMSELF, into the two Redcoats holding Gabriel, KNOCKING THEM DOWN.
One of them grabs Thomas by the scruff of the neck and yanks him to his feet.
Without pausing he DRAWS HIS THOMAS is thrown to his knees by the shot.
With stone-faced fury, Marion watches the Redcoats do their work.
More SHOTS.
The REDCOAT SERGEANT takes command...  MARION KILLS the Sergeant with a shot to the throat... Samuel finishes reloading, swaps muskets with Nathan who Marion FIRES, killing the Corporal, the last man of rank...  Marion ducks to the side as a VOLLEY OF REDCOAT MUSKET FIRE tears into the spot marked by Marion's rifle smoke... FROM THIS MOMENT ON, MARION NEVER STOPS MOVING.
He instantly STRIDES OUT INTO THE OPEN, drawing the Redcoats' attention from his sons...  Marion FIRES BOTH HIS PISTOLS, killing two Redcoats...
This is a DIFFERENT MARION, a vicious, savage Marion, killing with stunning brutality...  Marion drops his own expended rifle and CATCHES THE REDCOAT'S LOADED MUSKET before it hits the ground shoves that musket into another Redcoat's belly and FIRES... Two Redcoats left, neither finished loading...  MARION CHARGES, drawing his TOMAHAWK, ignores a GLANCING BAYONET WOUND to the neck, HACKS a Redcoat open... Splattering himself with BLOOD...
A CLEARING...  the Redcoat is almost to the cover of the trees on the far side... MARION THROWS HIS TOMAHAWK which FLIES through the air and Marion runs to the wounded Redcoat, grabs his hair, yanks back his head and SLITS HIS THROAT...
Grim.
The Redcoat looks up imploringly at Dalton who finishes reloading, then coldly FIRES, KILLING THE helpless Redcoat...  Marion, Gabriel and Rev. Oliver see Dalton kill the wounded Redcoat as they race toward the wagons, British musketballs SPLINTERING TREES all around them...
MARION'S REARGUARD, Brother Joseph, Abner, Dan Scott and others, withdraws in leapfrog, FIRING BACK ACROSS THE BRITISH MUSKET BALLS SLAM into the trees and SPLINTER THE Another of Marion's men is WOUNDED.
As Marion's men get the wagons turned and unblocked from each other, they DRIVE THEM OFF, one after another... Brother Joseph, Abner and the rest of the rearguard make it to Marion and LEAP INTO HIS WAGON...  MARION snaps the reins and they THUNDER OFF, away from the BURNING BRIDGE and the FIRING Redcoats.
Cornwallis holds his temper.
As the guards reach for the bottles, Billings SLAMS one of the guards back against the building...  Dalton DRAWS A KNIFE and PLUNGES IT into the second guard's belly and HACKS HIM OPEN... Dalton shoves Billings out of the way, SLITS THE OTHER GUARD'S THROAT.
Cornwallis registers the insult, glances at the hapless Major Halbert, then turns to Tarleton.
They ROUND A CURVE AND STOP, reining back their horses in confusion as they see: FIFTY GREEN DRAGOONS heading straight toward them... THE DRAGOONS OPEN FIRE from both directions, KILLING several more of Marion's men, WOUNDING others...  Marion's men FIRE BACK as best they can, caught in the CHAOS OF BUCKING AND FALLING HORSES and WOUNDED AND They remount, doubling-up with the wounded... MARION sees an unaided wounded man.
A DRAGOON, aiming his pistol, THUNDERS down on Marion... MARION FIRES, killing the Dragoon...  Marion's men mount, one motions to Marion... Marion's men ride off, leaving him ALONE...  a Dragoon is almost on him, SWORD RAISED.
IN THE UNDERGROWTH, Marion, Gabriel, Billings and three badly wounded men, with only four horses between them, calm their mounts...
He's troubled.
Marion can't help but laugh at the insult.
As the Dragoons ride out of the trees into the clearing they stop dead, seeing that: THE "REDCOAT OFFICERS" are not real -- they're nothing more than SCARECROWS IN REDCOAT UNIFORMS.
A HIDEOUS SCREAM pierces the calm.
Blood is smeared on one wall, where half-a-dozen corpses lie in a jumbles mass on the floor.
Tarleton sighs, irritated.
A tiny rivulet of blood runs along a plank in the floor, disappearing into a gap between two floorboards.
Weeping and confused, he moves in a mad, staccato manner, as if he were a marionette, whose strings were being jerked by a drunken puppeteer.
Grim.
The Redcoats CLOSE THE DOORS, chaining them shut.
A WINDOW SHATTERS, with a chair heaved from inside... SOME MEN TRY TO CLIMB OUT, but waiting Redcoats FIRE THEIR KILLING THREE MEN, driving the others back...
The LIGHTS OF THE BATTLE:  The STROBES OF THE MUSKET SHOTS illuminate the woods ahead of them...  Moving fast, they PASS TWO DEAD BRITISH SENTRIES, without slowing down... THEY BLAST OUT OF THE WOODS into...  THE CLEARING, seeing a tableau of TOTAL CHAOS: Half-dressed GREEN DRAGOONS in formation FIRE IN Running men.
Wilkins cocks his flintlock pistol, aims at Gabriel...  Marion THROWS THE TOMAHAWK, sinking it into Wilkins' chest...
The rest of Marion's men thunder into the Dragoons...  Overpowering them... Marion races to Gabriel...  Throws himself onto the ground next to him... Cradling him...  Gabriel is stunned, confused by the wounds.
Washington's officers who include HARRY LEE, COLONEL ALEXANDER HAMILTON, LAFAYETTE, GENERAL PINKNEY, and various other aides and junior officers reach the crest of the hill and wait for Washington and Marion who trail a bit behind them, talking privately, eating walnuts as they go.
They all turn to Marion, most of them looking at him as if he's insane.
Cornwallis fumes.
His jaw sets with anger.
He slowly crumples the dispatch and speaks with quiet fury.
Without turning, Harry slips a small flat box out of his breast pocket.
The  second floor office windows blow out in a fiery explosion.
They are in her room, which is your basic room from Hell.
Gib throws his jacket over the back of the couch and then, inexplicably, he takes out a pack of CAMELS and sets it on the mantelpiece.
Dana comes out the front door, letting it slam behind her, and runs to her boyfriend, TRENT, who is waiting for her in the driveway on his idling YAMAHA.
There is the CLUNK of a SOLENOID LOCK.
They smash against the walls, struggling for the gun.
They hit a locked door, which pops open, banging inward.
Yusif drives Harry to the floor.
Yusif slams Harry's gun hand repeatedly against the doorframe of the stall.
He punches Yusif in the face, driving him back.
Harry is pulling Yusif to his feet when the door bangs open behind him.
Gib, panting and heaving, pulls his car into traffic.
He has to practically lie down on the horse to fit through the door.
Malik is inside, punching a button.
He kicks the horse's flanks and yells HAAHH!!
Helen enters the BATHROOM and shuts the door partway.
The nimble little bike screams as it zips between cars.
Harry is stuck in stopped traffic.
Helen glimpses Allison with her ears cocked and gives her a scowl and a shooing motion.
He slaps him on the back.
He growls at it.
HARRY REACTS to the outrageous fabrication.
The sound of traffic noise and middle-eastern music blares from the deck.
Pretending to bond.
It explodes inward in a shower of glass.
Harry growls and slams the car into gear, roaring out into traffic.
She screams.
She bites the hell out of his arm.
Which is why he can't understand why Harry punches him, knocking him down.
Harry's put him through enough shit the last couple of days, it's time for a couple digs.
It is fury and fear, tears and rage all at once-- She picks up her stool and charges toward the mirror, swinging it with all her might.
Her fury spent, she begins to cry.
Oh shit.
And she grabs the lamp on the bedside table and SMASHES IT OVER HIS HEAD.
Mission accomplished, motherfuckers.
The door lock is shattered by tremendous force and THREE MEN burst into the room.
A fourth terrorist slides the van door      * shut after they get in and gets in behind the wheel.
He blasts right into the body of one of the Horseman, destroying it.
Helen is trembling with rage.
Then he explodes out of the chair-- Breaks the torturer's neck-- Spins him between himself and the guard-- Who then hesitates to fire-- Giving Harry the split second he needs to grab the knife from the table and throw it into the guard's eye, killing him instantly.
Her Harry!
The trunks explode     * with bullet hits as they run through the darkness.
Then he elbow smashes the first guy and seizes him in a two- hand neck-breaker-- SNAP.
He begins ranting again.
He is pinned down by automatic weapons fire.
Her   * face darkens with fury and she points the gun at Helen's face,   * preparing to kill her .  .  .
Battle over.
THE LIMO tracks lazily back and forth across the lanes from one guardrail to the other, throwing sheets of sparks where it hits.
Helen is raging, grabbing Juno's head and pounding it against anything hard she can find inside the car.
The car screeches along the guard-rail, slamming against it, throwing her from side to side in the sunroof.
She is jerked through the sunroof, screaming.
INSIDE THE HIGH RISE the terrorists have barricaded themselves on the twentieth floor.
He pulls a pistol and shoots at her, but hits the wall as she bangs through the door.
Glass explodes into glittering mist, and terrorists explodes into bloody spray as Harry pivots the plane and the cannon sweeps the floor clear from side to side.
He sets his gun down on the girder.
His eyes narrow with an all-consuming rage.
Harry starts to bank away and-- Malik shrieks in rage.
As the copter hits the ground and explodes.
She interrupts.
It is hot.
There is a desk, more like a table, and a phone   is lying on it off the hook.
She breaks off.
He is tense.
Beyond him, Jo opens the door, and immediately four people pour in.
Sometimes, Ben in his struggles comes face to face with the angry head of a bared-teeth lion.
Ben picks up his fallen hat and dashes out again.
Immediately Ben puts down the drink.
He goes immediately to the phone.
Ben immediately eases his way along behind a column which hides him somewhat from the front, but not from the side.
He yells into it.
Drayton locks chapel door and   crosses to a waiting car.
The door locked.
Jo is frustrated, and irritated, but she thinks for a moment and makes a sudden decision.
The Assassin staggers back and we hear the clatter of the gun as it falls to the floor.
He immediately turns towards the CAMERA looking for a means of escape.
He slips.
They are reluctant but he insists.
Ben looks down at him with a hatred that is almost ready to explode, but he has sense enough to understand Drayton's meaning.
He slips the gun into his pocket, but still holds it.
Karen is a woman of moods and tempers, spontaneous, quick to impulse.
They are both tense now.
Maggio is fighting in next lane.
His opponent smashes his rifle against Prew's, knocks it to the ground.
Prew whirls on Thornhill in protest.
He takes off his rain hat.
It is bitter.
Prew, sweating and angry, barks something back at him and turns the faucet off.
He is very annoyed.
Fatso has stopped playing and a shouting argument is going on between him and Maggio.
Warden shakes his head, inarticulate with his rage and love.
He stops, stuck.
On the floor of the gym Dhom is punching the bag.
There is an expression of stubborn hate on his face.
Prew suddenly stands, no longer able to contain his rage.
He throws his sponge and scrubbing brush on the ring floor.
reacting.
He smashes the neck off one of the beer bottles, points the wagged edge at Fatso, roars: Fatso slowly lowers the knife to his waist, but keeps it pointed towards Maggio and Warden.
It clatters on the floor.
Hate the Army... ?
He throws tie on the bar, The Bartender starts to protest.
A convulsive sob escapes Prew as his head drops in the dirt.
She stares at him, amazed, a touch angry.
Holmes is a mixture of petulance, anger and frustration.
He pulls up a clump of sod, throws it down with all his might.
He never throws a punch at the other's head.
fighting.
Ike waits for Prew to get up.
There is relentless hatred on his face.
There is the same sound as Prew pulls a knife from his pocket, snaps it open, holds it out flat in his hand, showing it to Fatso.
The General is angry clear through.
Warden stops, cocks his head.
A man sprints toward the mess hall, yelling to right and left at the top of his lungs.
There are shouts of protest.
The men are over the first shock now and beginning to get angry, anxious for action.
Treadwell turns, yells at the men.
Prew slips to one knee.
(Beat.)
We PAN right and down to our hero - SIDNEY YOUNG - thirties, an odd-ball with a knack for getting people to dislike him.
I used to pretend it was different for me because I was getting paid by a magazine or newspaper, whatever.
And that is when I strike.
The squealing stops.
Tits of Fury.
Oh, shit...  Sarah, get security!
Oh, shit!
Prick.
I especially liked the part where Clint Eastwood beat the shit outa ya.
The moment is approaching when you will pay the price for being an asshole.
Fuck.
I mean, shit.
What the fuck are you wearing?
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
She hangs up again.
I hate disease parties.
You look around and it's all shit.
No-one is making movies that are fucking worthwhile.
Sidney watches him with dislike.
He's from England and he's our very own Idiot Savant.
I don't mean to be rude Sidney but... what the fuck do you want?
Look, I know people think I'm a bit of an idiot and maybe I haven't started off too well here, but I want...
Nathan Lane.
Oh, fuck... !
Shit, shit, shit...  That's my bag.
He jerks the window open and empties Cuba out of it, slamming it shut just as Sophie, Eleanor and Lawrence walk in.
Everyone's treating him like he's a genius and he's an idiot.
How'd I get a closet full of blue fucking shirts?
Fuck it.
He's an annoying little prick.
You said...  I'm trying to run a fucking magazine here!
Sidney stares at him, angry and disappointed.
Oh, grow the fuck up, will ya!
You bitch about famous people for the same reason I bitched about them.
One more fuck up like today and you're gone.
The famous alter-ego?
The only thing I'm good at is pissing people off, and he won't let me do it.
Everybody hates me here.
(muttering to himself.)
Choke.
Choke.
Rachel turns back to him, faintly irritated.
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
I hate my life so, you know, I'm gonna get drunk.
Beat.
That's why I've broken up with him.
Are you crazy?
Firstly, you are a stupid asshole and I hate you and Secondly...  Secondly...
Listen, you try driving in this state you're gonna kill yourself.
Beat.
A - get the hell out of Port Huron, come to New York.
Then I took the internship at Sharps and I met Maddox and he was... he was so...and before I know it I'm writing, you know, Ten Tips for the fucking Metrosexual and pretending this is what I wanted but this ISN'T what I wanted!
And that's... that's why I hated you...
Where are my fucking cigarettes?
I'm so fucking sophisticated!
(Beat.
You're shitting me!
Nathan Lane.
(Beat.)
Alison stares at the Fashionistas, annoyed by this.
Wait! Eleanor wait!
She kicked him out?
(Beat.)
You can be my bitch.
Beat.
(muttering to himself.)
What the fuck are you doing?
(Beat.)
Stop the car!
There was a car waiting...  but they drove off.
He stares at her for a moment that is almost too long...  then shuts the doors to the bus.
He starts bouncing the ball on the kitchen floor.
She grabs the ball in mid bounce...  annoyed with him.
I hate you, Rex Morgan MD.
I hate you, too.
The French government, in what was seen here as a gesture to President- elect Jimmy Carter, announced Thursday a further tightening of controls over the exportation of nuclear technology.
This dumb--ass...  he left the x-ray machine on.
Walter walks off...  leaving her alone.
She grabs the phone off the wall and puts it to her ear.
Dr. Stupid.
He shuts the trunk and they begin to walk toward the entrance to the COUNTRY CLUB.
You didn't leave the x-ray machine on, Dr. Stupid did.
Stop punishing yourself.
Who? Dr. Stupid.
The bastard lied...  said it was the x-ray machine that malfunctioned.
The Officer then kicks the door down.
Did you kill your wife?
Reston rises to his feet...  putting his hat on his head.
Get him on the phone immediately.
Norma stops in her tracks...  frozen.
You called me a cuckold.
Steam is rising from the surface.
The Receptionist closes the door and leaves them alone.
Powell sighs out loud...  irritated.
This is Sartre's vision of hell.
Because Hell...  is other people.
Dr. Stupid.
I am Dr. Stupid now.
PEOPLE BEGIN TO SCREAM AND THE ENTIRE WEDDING ERUPTS Arthur is now standing at the urinal.
And now she's dead.
You're going to kill her! Bevilacqua swerves into the ONCOMING TRAFFIC LANE to pass a car in front of them.
One of the POLICE CRUISERS pulls off into the ditch... while the second CRUISER swerves and SMASHES head on into the side of the truck bed...  sheering the top of the sedan into two pieces... Arthur looks back over his shoulder...  seeing the cars smash together.
The WHITE TRUCK smashes through the line of POLICE CRUISERS as POLICE OFFICERS dive for cover.
A BULLET explodes the right front tire...
You can fire this bullet into your wife's heart...  killing her.
I, pushed your stupid button.
The earth is purgatory...  and you're here to start shutting things down... right?
We need to kick the door down.
A civilization is destroyed only when its gods are destroyed.
Along with the goggles, his face remains obscured by a DISPOSABLE PAPER DUST MASK and a CRUDELY-FASHIONED FUR HAT with dangling ear flaps that may once itself have been a cat.
Discards his ruined boots and puts on the sneakers, laces them up.
Attached to a tangled bunch of ELECTRICAL WIRING and JUMPER CABLES.
Bone-thin, dressed in filthy rags.
Eli listens as the woman screams and screams.
The asphalt street warped and cracked, parking meters bent and smashed.
Carnegie slumps back into his chair, frustrated, pissed off.
At the biker's table Hog watches this, not happy about this.
The bartender looks at Hog nervously.
Hog grabs him by the arm.
Pressed deep into a nerve cluster in his neck.
It's all Hog can do to just barely nod his head.
Carnegie has Claudia pinned against the wall, his pants bunched around his ankles, ass bared as he pounds away at her.
BEAT.
He pulls up his pants, grabbing a RIFLE propped by the door as he rushes out.
In the exitway, Hog turns back inside, grabbing up a BROKEN BOTTLE from the bloody floor as he goes.
Hog rushes Eli from behind.
Solara sees him coming and goes to SCREAM - but before any sound can come, Eli flips his sword backward and Hog runs right onto it, SKEWERING HIMSELF.
BEAT.
As he turns and heads toward the door: Accompanied by the sound of MULTIPLE GUNS COCKING.
BEAT.
A VIOLENT COMMOTION is heard from down the hall.
Eli storms into the box, pissed.
Carnegie is a practiced liar.
A KNOCK at the door.
A subtly accusing tone.
Shocked and angry.
Now it's Carnegie's turn to get angry.
Another KNOCK at the door.
She moves to the door and slams it shut again.
This angers Eli.
He goes for the door handle, but she stops him.
She stands there, furious, screaming at his back as he walks away.
It's rank.
They grab Solara and drag her from the   road into the desert, screaming and kicking all the way.
The gun EXPLODES, BLOWING HIS HANDS CLEAN OFF.
His hat and goggles hung up for the night on the hilt of his sword.
On the outskirts of a small town that lies in ruins.
Underneath is a WOODEN LID which she throws open to reveal: A HUGE CACHE OF WEAPONS.
She pulls out an M-60 MACHINE-GUN, slings the strap over her shoulder and locks in a CHAIN OF BULLETS.
They're losing.
The rocket screams toward its target, tearing through the chain fence and TEARING AN ENTIRE CORNER FROM THE HOUSE in a fiery explosion.
He finds her lying on the tile floor in what remains of the kitchen.
He gets up and turns, consumed now by a wild fury.
Firing with rage over the torn brick wall.
It SMASHES INTO THE FAR WALL, finally coming to a stop.
Met by the sound of MULTIPLE GUNS COCKING.
Eli has been stripped of his weapons and backpack.
BEAT.
Redridge cocks the pistol.
It hits the floor dazed.
Redridge turns to see the car behind VEERING ERRATICALLY then SLAMMING ON THE BRAKES, stopping in the middle of the road.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT.
BEAT as the anger swells within him, threatening to explode...
Red-faced with rage, he tosses it out over the box balcony.
Atop that, Eli's ragged fur hat.
CAMERA PANS with the head car as it stops, its breaks sighing, and a pair of doors in EXTREME FOREGROUND, rattles open.
I never been puked on by a drunk like Charlie Boltzen was on the Parkchester line -- or stabbed in the neck like I heard one fella was on the Astoria BMT -- Jesus.
The train starts with a lurch as he heads for the rear of the car and takes up a position, leaning his back against the storm door and placing his valise on the floor, between his feet.
The doors can be heard slamming shut and the train jerks into motion.
The second he comes aboard shut the doors.
Finally: Pelham One Two Three1 Where the fuck are emu?
Who's gonna steal a subway train?
- Christ, it stinks down herel Where the hell are we goin'?
(indignant.).
(glancing at the What the hell's that?
For Jesus Christ sake!
The dumb bastard's moving backwards!! Slowly, the second to the tenth cars are moving away from the first car which continues to lie motionless on the track.
Picking up his submachine gun, and holding it vertically along his pants leg, Blue eases himself through the door and shuts it after him.
The crazy, dumb-assed sonuvabitch stopped again!
can you run a goddam railroad without swearing?! Grand Central Tower -- this is the Desk Trainmaster -- who the fuck's in charge down there?
People hate getting off in the middle of a tunnel -- Just do as you're told: The Hooker raises her hand.
All right, Pelham One Two Three -- cut this shit right now and answer me!
You're fucking up tie whole god- dam New York Subway System!
-- Come in, Pelham One Two Three -- (punches a button.)
How many trains we got laying down, you dumb bastard?
Come on, you dummies -- get the lead out l Bent over his console, shouting into the boom mike curling out of it, as Prescott and the Japanese arrive.. Pelham One Two Three -- come in, Pelham One Two Three -- Goddanmit, why don't you answer your fucking radio?!
Observe the way smoke and fire shoot out of his ears.
hell have you been?
Pelham One Two Three-to Command Center -- your train has been taken -- repeat, your train has been Correll looks at Prescott in astonishment, then wheels to shout at the room.
Into the radio: Pelham One Two Three -- what the fuck do you mean the train's been taken?! Are you the Motorman?
Then who the hell are you?
You're out of your fucking mind!
What the hell are all those Chinamen doing in here?.
Three -- we have no scruples whatsoever about killing.
I'm the man who stole your train.
I warned the bastard but he kept on coming anyway.
(punches a button.)
Caz? Fat Caz? (slams his fist down.)
If I don't show up pretty quick the city cops Ill hog all the action.
Shit.
Shit, piss, fuck.
I got motormen calling in from all along the line trying to find out what the hell's going on!
Goddam woman cops -- what the hell good are they?
Blue frisks him, quickly and expertly.
Harry?
Your barriers up?
Hell yes -- and we're pushing the overflow into the side-streets.
Shit.
The Mayor and Jessie are left alone.
The hostages.
But shit, I didn't mind -- who wants to drive a goddam subway train for the rest of.his
What'd they nail you for?
I said leave her alone.
A little annoyed, he crosses to his desk.
Excuse me, madam -- do you have any comment on the drama that's unfolding beneath our feet at this very moment?
-- Shut up and listen to me!
(punching a button.)
You son of a bitch.
This is the Borough Commander -- what the hell happened?
Their radio's gone dead -- what the hell are you talking about?! It can't be wrecked -- we're out of time, goddammit!
Nate -- I'm warning you -- I feel shitty, Warren -- I'm going back to bed.
I feel like I'm walkin' into the fuckin' O.K. Corral.
Christ, what a fucking mess! (punching another button.)
Pelham One Two Three -- come in, Pelham, this is Prescott -- This is Pelham -- go ahead, Prescott -- Did you have to do it, you bastard?
He goes into the motorman's cab and shuts the door.
(punching a,button.)
Then he punches a button.
INTERCUT a- PRESCOTT, GARBER & DANIELS Beats hell out of me, Clive.
What the hell's goin' on?
Hold on -- (Punches a button.)
Who the hell do you think?! Pelham!
They jumped the gun on us but we're gonna.stick
(punches a button.)
Pelham One Two Three, what the hell's wrong with you -- ?! Still no answer.
You mean before this railroad is so totally fucked up that it'll take a goddam computer,to put it back together?
This is the Borough Commander, Daniels a--- what the hell's going on?
Shut up and do what you're told.
there's nobody driving the fucking train!
Why don't we cut all this crap and beat down that goddam door, for It isn't necessary!
That's a break.
Shit.
I fuck on the first date... Skip cracks up.
Shit.
Oh, fuck.
Buck, look out-- Oh, shit...
Buck screams.
But then Buck, thrashing in the water, tears himself, loose, screaming and bobbing.
But it's hard for him to restrain his own rage.
Constable Potter arrives, throwing the ferryman a towel to use.
These goddamn windows!
Oh, shit, him too?
That's bullshit on parade.
Well fuck you.
The back screen door slams shut o.s.
Harvey turns quickly, shoving the clippings back in the drawer and slamming it shut.
You still angry with me?
I'm just angry.
The door is also locked.
By the time he pulls on his swimsuit and comes rushing out with Kit, however, Rob's shock has turned to rage.
Jesus Christ...  Rob turns, rushing into the house.
Hey, asshole!
It'll calm our nerves...
Muffy, where do you keep your guns?
Guns?
He hangs up.
Lock your door.
Hang out.
But that's ridiculous...  Is it?
Kit stops to pull the doors shut behind them.
Shit.
Shit.
Shit...
A long, ugly-looking knife blade slips in through the crack in the door.
The cupboard door SLAMS shut behind him.
Rob screams.
Oh, fuck you!! Fuck you, you guys!! Suddenly everyone in the room comes to life, roaring with laughter.
Rob jumps and screams involuntarily.
Well, it's like pranks really piss people off.
Does a bear shit in the woods?
Asshole.
What the fuck was he talking about anyway?
What the fuck do you think he was talking about?
Frustrated, she heads back through the dining room, but stops dead halfway across and turns slowly and looks back at the kitchen door.
Shit.
Fuck!
Fuck!! Who dug the goddamn swimming pool?!?
A lot goddamn, fucking better than I do!
He stops in the middle of the kitchen and listens.
Frustrated, Nikki runs back into...
The useless phone receiver is clutched in her hand (making that constant phone company noise that lets you know the phone is off the hook.).
O.S. the front door slams shut behind her.
Will you quit kicking me?
Suddenly the door to the stairwell slams shut on Nikki and Chaz cutting them off.
A key turns in the lock.
Kit screams and chokes, trying to fight him off: but he stabs her again, and again and again, plunging the knife deep into her with every thrust.
He pulls her head back, exposing her throat.
She SCREAMS -- grabs her child and starts to RUN -- CHAOS EVERYWHERE as the tribe scatters in TERROR -- Suddenly -- Apaches are getting YANKED INTO THE AIR by some superior force -- PLUCKED savagely into the light, GONE -- as we WHIP AROUND the horror show of SCREAMING, DISAPPEARING INDIANS -- And now -- A DEAFENING SHRIEK AS STRANGE DOMED OBJECTS HURTLE Impossibly, the objects are STEEL MACHINES.
He touches the surface -- TSSS -- SHIT -- It's HOT!
COCKS both barrels.
As Hose draws his Enfield, The Man FLIPS the rifle again -- SLAM! MOSE FLIES OFF HIS SADDLE as The Man rolls -- UNDER Luke's horse -- GRABBING Luke's ankle -- suddenly Luke's FLAT on his back -- BREATHLESS, staring UP at the double-barrel: -- P-please, God -- d-don't -- -- The Man PULLS the trigger but CLICK!
Luke's RELIEF is short as The Man SLAMS the gun-butt down, knocking him out cold.
Leave me alone.
The dog sits by the door as The Man enters -- EMPTY -- he's moving -- into a small kitchen area -- bottle of whiskey -- uncorks it with his teeth -- drinks -- pours some on the wound -- then A PISTOL COCKS behind him -- Meet MEACHAM, town preacher, a tough, wash-foot Baptist: Palms to heaven, Friend.
Been shot.
(a beat; then.)
Too bad.
Whether you end up in heaven or hell...  it's not God's plan... it's yours.
Then you're probl'y goin' to hell.
On cue -- SMASH!!!
FIRE spreads around the pews -- MEACHAM ACTIVATES -- tears curtains off the confessional and uses them to STAMP OUT the fire -- Dammit -- it's Dolarhyde's men! WHOOPS and HOLLERS and GUNSHOTS outside!
The gang rides down Main Street, HOOTING -- Percy cocks another Molotov, aiming for the SALOON -- But one of his men, half-Apache NAT COLORADO, shouts: Percy!
Why the goddamn hell not?! Cause your dady said so.
The Man's SMASHES Percy's skull with the gun, knocking him OUT COLD, as LAWMEN approach on horseback -- FA!
A beat.
The Man stops.
More THUNDER.
THE BATWING DOORS SWING OPEN: The Man In Black enters with the dog, tips his hat to a couple WHORES.
Shut up, Atticus.
He removes the PHOTO from inside his hat.
He STABS the knife down...  SLICING the rope tethered to Roy's FEET.
That STOPS Dolarhyde.
Tomorrow we ride the little shit up Phoenix way, turn him over.
Taggart's on his feet, grabs his JACKET off the door -- Goddamn tired of this...  fatass rancher scaring good people off their lan-- He STOPS.
Ella PRESSES THE GUN HARDER against his neck, lowering him -- and his plate -- to the floor.
The hell're you talking ab--?
But Charlie makes a MOVE and The Man SLAMS his head into a pole -- the NEXT GUNMAN reaches for his pistol -- The Man PUNCHES his THROAT -- SLAMS the third into a bench -- The FOURTH straight down on the Faro table -- TAGGART levels his REPEATER -- but The Man just GRABS the barrel as Taggart FIRES a ROUND into the ceiling -- now the rifle's in THE MAN'S HANDS and just before he PULLS THE TRIGGER on Taggart: HE SEES EMMETT AT THE WINDOW.
About to watch his father's MURDER...  and The Man LOWERS the gun: I told you, I don't wanna hurt anyb-- CRACK!
BLINDING ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT EXPLODES INTO THE CABIN, against which a DEMONIC SILHOUETTE appears -- it looks like an INDIAN IN FULL-FEATHER HEADDRESS -- 3.) A WOMAN'S FACE -- THE WOMAN FROM JAKE'S PHOTOGRAPH -- she looks at us and SCREAMS -- 4.) Now we're someplace VERY DARK -- a cave?
SLAM: the door CLOSES and LOCKS.
Shit.
Jake stares -- ON EDGE -- what the hell's happening?
Dangerous to drive a damn coach?
Emmett looks off, half sad, half angry -- Good thing she's already dead then.
The stagecoach UPENDS, FLIPPING SIDEWAYS as the animals try to break free -- Taggart and his men are THROWN -- Inside, Jake and Percy TUMBLE end-over-end -- SLAMMING into walls, LOCKED TOGETHER -- JARRING Percy back to consciousness -- Dolarhyde's men are THROWN from their horses too as the animals STAMPEDE OFF in different directions -- THE 1Q8k=O ENGULFS THE TOWN! THE CONCUSSIVE BLAST BUCKLES Okay, wait.
MORE insane...  ROARING into the town, FLYING just above ground -- Jesus God!! STRANGE STEEL RINGS fire from the speeders and mushroom out -- KA-CHING!
-- SNAP OPEN and CLAMP around necks, arms, legs -- and from these steel collars, CABLES LASH OUT, whip-snapping back to the speeders and TETHERING MAGNETICALLY to them -- Yeah-these are HIGH-TECH LASSOS: SPEEDERS LIKE ROPED STEER!
DOLARHYDE is first to speak: Who the hell're ?
Holy SHIT.
The hell j,,a it?
Escaped from hell itself.
THUD!
Dolar brings up his COLT -- so does COLORADO -- I own more of this town than any man in it so I'll go wherever the hell I damn please.
Ella steps between them, BAD ASS -- Whatever troubles you had don't mean a damn thing against the ones we got now.
Doc REMOVES it from the optic nerve and the hologram DISAPPEARS: Where'd it go?
The hell'd you do?
Doc grabs his SHOTGUN, starts gathering shells: If she's alive -- if there's even a Lord hates a coward...  but our bullets were useless against those things.
The EMOTION in the boy's voice STOPS Jake at the door.
And you throw that rock I swear I'll-- WHAM!
The rock glances off his shoulder -- If you're walkin' away from here, what the hell're you walking tsQ?
And the fact that he's BUSTED her gets Ella's hackles up -- It's not gold I want, you dumb sonofabitch, it's what it'll buy me.
Dolarhyde, burning mad at having been out- drawn, turns to CULOBAI.)U -- speaks LOW: Follow him.
Shit.
Who the hell is the woman?
The spilled coins start SLIDING across the floor all by themselves, as if magnetically drawn to THE CHIMNEY -- WHOOSH! -- SUCKED right up into it by some VACUUM FORCE!
The Woman SCREAMS and -- She manages to GRAB a doorknob and DANGLES UPWARD, CHOKING as -- A DEMONIC SILHOUETTE drops in front of them!
As he RUSHES to her, her collar UNLOCKS...  and FLIES AT JAKE, clamping HE'S PULLED INTO THE LIGHT, CHOKING, SCREAMING -- As he STUMBLES back -- GASPING -- touching his neck -- Catches his breath.
And this revelation...  well, it galvanizes him with RAGE.
Rage that gives him NEW PURPOSE...  then-- The stone HITS Colorado as he FIRES, the bullet tears PAST Jake -- as Colorado recovers, Jake BODYSLAMS HIM -- the GUN goes flying, they go hurling THROUGH THE WALL -- LANDING HARD on the other side -- aaballs-out.
close-quarter death match -- Jake takes a PUNCH -- Colorado LOOPS an arm around his throat, YANKS -- they TUMBLE/SLAM to the floor, Jake LANDING on top of Colorado who holds the arm lock, CHOKING THE LIFE OUT OF HIM -- Jake -- EYES POPPING -- SEES THE GUN just out of reach -- fingers GRASP for it -- seconds before he PASSES OUT He GRABS the gun and swings it back -- BLAMMII!Colorado ROLLS aside as the WALL where his head just was BLOWSOPEN--and Jake's ON HIM, PISTOL WHIPPING HIM MERCILESSLYuntilheSPINS the gun back around and POINTS IT between Colorado's eyes: ON JAKE -- quaking with rage -- he wants to kill this guy so bad he can taste it...  but something's HOLDING HIM BACK -- GRITS his teeth, COCKS the trigger and: -- we CUT WIDE on the cabin as a GUNSHOT CRACKS.
BEAT.
Everyone wipes blue shit off their clothes as they come FACE-TO-FACE with the object inside, lying there on the ground: Motionless.
The last is DOLARHYDE, glancing back at his dead cow with angry eyes...  Now our people APPEAR riding up a ridge... Dolarhyde shoots up a HAND, bringing the caravan to a STOP.
Once again, SHOCK: Ho-ly shit.
He looks up at Jake, half-angry, half-EMBARRASSED -- Why'd you let him live?
What's that smell?
(to Colorado; fucking How's that sound, Nat? Nat BURNS.
A RATTLESNAKE is coiled around a CHANDELIER...  except the chandelier is on the floor and the floor is the CEILING.
(after a beat.)
I don't want to die angry.
And OFF DOC, thunder CRACKS -- RAIN pours down through an open gash in the roof, splashing the floor.
(dark as hell.)
Truth ain't worth a damn, Jake...  and we're gonna need all the guns we can get.
what's that smell?
a coiled mass clinging spiderlike to the ceiling!!! Its arm WHIPS out, noosing around Cobbett -- LIFTS HIM off his feet -- SLAMS HIM into the ceiling -- TOSSES HIM like a ragdoll: The men SHOUT -- a PAIR OF RAZOR SHARP CANINES extrude from the alien then it SPRINGS -- SLICING THROUGH TWO MEN AT ONCE -- GREAVEY and 2 others manage to SCRAMBLE AWAY: HEAR the SCREAMS -- Happy takes off -- they RACE after him -- Hear them too -- grabs their PISTOLS -- and Doc, his CANTEEN -- DQIRHXPE_.
HURLS Dolar aside -- THROUGH THE FIRE -- embers catch CURTAINS and FLAMES SPREAD -- COLORADO races in, throws a TOMAHAWK -- it PINS the alien's claw to the wall, the monster SHRIEKS as Nat draws a PISTOL but -- The alien SPITS A STICKY RESIN GOB -- it HARDENS, pinning NAT'S hand with the pistol to the wall in return.
Dolarhyde BURNS -- knowing he's being ABANDONED -- You're a goddamn coward.
And Greavey, finally FREE to speak his mind, says SPITEFULLY: Fine line between a coward and a fool.
One of the outlaws knocks back the hammer on his rifle -- I say we just shoot 'em and take their-- But the words catch in his throat as his EYES WIDEN: .
And who the hell're they?
SMACKI Jake moves LIGHTNING FAST, SLAPS Hunt across the face, stopping the question on his tongue -- CATCHES the gun as it drops and presses the barrel into Hunt's NECK: Since when're Qy the one asking the goddamned questions!?! Ella and our people REACT as Jake plays it up, beat defense a good OFFENSE.
What the hell're you doing?
The aliens HISS in furious RECOGNITION.
The speeder KAMIKAZE BOUNCES out of the cavern at 90 MPH, Emmett screaming!
Climbing onto an old desert stump -- BLAM! It's SHOT OFF by a couple DRUNK OUTLAWS, swigging booze from STOLEN WHISKEY CRATES piled on a WAGON.
What the hell happened to you?!? Hunt nods over his shoulder -- He did.
Creek's eyes NARROW, NOT happy to see him: well, shit.
The whore Jake quit this gang for.
Shit.
But Creek doesn't wait for them to respond: Put your guns on the whore.
You ain't in no position to make threats, asshole.
And Jake barely has time to react as Bull lets fly with a JAWBREAKING HAYMAKER that about knocks Jake out of his BOOTSI Dolarhyde and Colorado WINCE as Jake hits the dirt with a THUD -- Creek striding over, cock of the walk, LEANS over him: Where the hell's our gold.
Creek's next PUNCH takes us to another: TORY FLASECUTI REPLAY -- Jake and Alice in the cabin -- he drops the SADDLEBAG -- it CLINKS to the floor.
BACK TO PRESENT -- as now Jake UNDERSTANDS the context of this moment -- what they were saying to each other -- He looks up at Creek, BEATEN AND BUSTED UP: Okay...  okay, I remember now... ("fuck you" grin.)
But when you get to hell, you can ask for it back.
That's the way you wanna do this...  Kill the whore.
ON THE GANG.
As they all cock their guns -- Aimed at Ella -- This is IT -- JAKE -- slowly lifts his head, suddenly RAGE-FILLED as -- EVERYONE'S FACES.
Holy shit.
And this same damn THING is the one responsible for it.
Flicks open a POUCH on his bandolier for what look like THUMB TACKS -- throws them and they tan out, PIERCING THE NECKS of the outlaws, activating "Blue": !NTLY E ZE. TUR an The Slaver draws a ROL.) that TELESCOPES into a SIX FOOT LANCE -- KA-TCHING!
BARBED ENDS snap out and the alien runs on two limbs, then FOUR -- LEOPARD-LIKE for speed -- rises back up and SMASH!
Now he uses the bladed-ends to SKEWER five more outlaws and turns -- Find cover!!! Jake FIRES his pulse blaster, providing cover as DOLAR, DOC, EMMETT, and ELLA rush to hide behind the WAGON.
The Aliens FIRE BACK as LASER CROSSFIRE shreds the camp -- EXPLOSIONS and CHAOS: THREE OUTLAWS scramble to form a GATLING CREW.
The PINKERTONS are climbing to the roof, WEAPONS FIRING -- Jake loses footing, ROLLING off the side -- -- but CATCHES another ladder rung and he DANGLES, looks DOWN: She GRUNTS WITH EXERTION as their fingers GRAZE each other and The Slaver SNAPS AROUND.
The disc VIVISECTS THEM THEN CIRCLES BACK AROUND, cutting the IRON STRAPS that secure the logs in the tender car -- SPEEDER.
Fierce.
Our people are THROWN TO THEIR KNEES in a large CIRCLE OF APACHES.
BROKEN.
SHIT.
He's angry.
Moving with angry purpose toward the CANYON BLUFF.
Dazed.
An OCULAR PROBE looms _Q.Xpr.
Skeptical, eyes narrow -- staring at Jake and Ella -- surrounded by our team and the Apaches back at the APACHE CAMP: Just so I got this straight...  three of those things just kicked the shit out of your entire gang, took our whole town, and now you two're gonna ride right into that fort, try to hijack one'a those-- He pauses on the word -- "Transports."
A long beat of incredulous, do-you-believe-this-shit STARES: You want us to storm that fort?
It's suicide.
Aw, hell, we been through this.
Bu111i11SHIT.
Holsters the gun and takes a knee...  but just when we think this is gonna be a tender moment, he GRABS Emmett by the collar, pulls him CLOSE: You told me your daddy's all you got left.
Then park yours right there on the ground, you little shit.
ANGRY, but knows he's gotta stay.
TENSE.
A BUZZARD picks at the EAR of a DEAD GANG MEMBER.
Dolarhyde rides into camp, REARING in front of 30 guns The hell you want?
Alight with greed: Who's got your boy?
Aliens TWIST and SCREAM -- The Apaches STRIKE FEARLESSLY -- but the aliens quickly RECOVER and SHAKE THEM OFF, tearing most of them to SHREDS.
JAKE grabs WEBBING that must be some type of SEATBELT, feeling the sensation of ELLQU as: Ella pilots the ship UPWARD, thrusters belching a WAKE OF FIRE that SCORCHES cavern walls and INCINERATES 6 ALIENS!
Colorado VEERS toward a LIGHT as Doc ignites a molotov and they: GALLOP Out into daylight, rigb-t_through the CENTER of the fort -- Doc THROWS his molotov and BOOM!!! Aliens go FLYING, on fire!
Doc throws another MOLOTOV, clearing a path for Colorado to RIDE HARD for the fort's 30 FT. STEEL ENTRY GATES...  which start But at the LAST SECOND, the horse SLIPS THROUGH the narrow opening as it THUNDERS CLOSED.
Now the aliens are pissed off: They start spilling over the fort walls in pursuit.
It SKEWERS a speeder pilot who BURSTS INTO FLAMES, the speeder CORKSCREWS into another one, both EXPLODING: Caught OFF-GUARD with NO WM TO TURN AROUND as from the OPPOSITE END of the canyon, a BELLOWING WAR WHOOP: CRASH!
An EXPLOSION CONSUMES FRAME, becoming the: -- PLASMA FIRE of the shuttle's burners as it ROARS toward the ALIEN SHIP...  a SPECK against the BEHEMOTH: The shuttle sweeps past the command center's polarized window, where... THE SLAVER watches with EVIL EYES.
As they spill into the LOADING BAY, a CLANG reverberates: THE AIRLOCK DOOR -- AT THEIRFEyT The first EXPLOSIVE BOLT shoots off.
THE LAST BOLT FIRES and the airlock door SHOOTS OFF: SonofaBITCH!
I sure as hell hope not.
ALARMS scream.
THE SLAVER fills with RAGE.
Aliens begin grabbing WEAPONS but The Slaver SHRIEKS for them to STOP.
Another in front -- WHAM! He's TRAPPED, shut off from the passageways...  .. except ONE.
But Jake's INSANELY FAST as he drops to a knee and FIRES gunsmoke-style -- BLAM SLAM!
The Slaver's HIT and -- ELLA -- WRENCHES her captor's arm backward and he fires USELESS ROUNDS into the air -- she takes a HIT in the leg as Jake SHOOTS the captor with a SHOT to the temple -- Jake GRABS and PULLS Ella to safety behind a SHREDDED STORE FRONT, taking cover -- lasers PUNCHING through the building walls -- Ella spots an ALIEN lunging around a corner: Jake WHIRLS, SLAM!!!
An EXPLOSION throws them off their horses.
He's the damn doctor!
HARDENS.
Then you pull it out and I'll throw it.
She stole from the people in your morgue.
You hate me.
With that, he CHARGES into the swirling chaos -- but BOOM! Colorado's FORCED BACK by an explosion -- through the debris, he sees his father running toward...  Dolarhyde HURLS the grenade -- BOOM!!! IT DETONATES IN A But his sacrifice 7M S THE TIDE! THE EXPLOSION BLOWS THE A CRY OF VICTORY as the humans STORM THROUGH!
The SMART WEAPON blurs out of the elevator, SLICING HALF A DOZEN ALIENS IN HALF -- circles back around to ELLA, who skillfully catches it as she RUN/LIMPS from the lift with JAKE -- LASER FIRE IGNITES THE BRIDGE as he makes QUICK WORK of the rest and Ella mans a console, getting to work -- We're going down fast.
That HANGS there.
Then PURE BLIND RAGE takes hold and his FISTS FLY, PUNCHING PERCY: Colorado WHIRLS -- DOLARHYDE IS STAGGERING TO HIS FEET, ALIVE!
For being an ungrateful little bastard.
Damn right.
Dolar gives his hat a TIP, then mounts up to go -- and we RISE UP to the UPPER FLOOR of the GOLD LEAF SALOON, in the process of being rebuilt in grand style -- and MOVE IN on a WINDOW where: DOC AND MARIA burst through a door, tearing passionately at each other's CLOTHES -- Maria MOANS as Doc kisses her neck: SHH!
A beat.
In dog that means "Don't be an idiot."
Jake glances over -- Get the hell away from me, you damn mutt.
Signals his men and FUSES ARE LIT: The DYNAMITE FUSES ssssssnake down the mountain -- reaching the canyon floor -- INTO those limestone tunnels where CLUSTERS OF DYNAMITE have been placed...  and as FUSE MEETS EXPLOSIVE: ANGLE - JAKE AND ELLA CRESTING A HILL -- B000000000000MI The THUNDER of EXPLOSIONS makes them rear.
The corpse burns in a raging furnace.
Brom grabs Ichabod's collar, pissed.
Soldier Three lunges, stabs his blade deep into the Horseman's side.
Shutters are slammed shut.
The door slams.
Ichabod moves to where the crow's nest lies smashed.
The flesh has been stripped, guts exposed.
It fits.
Steenwyck is on horseback, looking down at Ichabod, furious.
He looks to the men, angry.
Steenwyck shuts the creaky doors.
MOTHER waits.
A DRAWER is HEARD SHUTTING.
They shout.
Lady Van Tassel comes to a door, knocks.
As before, a STORM RAGES.
She begins picking up pieces of the PLASTER HOOFPRINT CAST which lies shattered on the floor.
The creature lies helplessly spastic; a TWO-HEADED WOLF, with one head blown open to brain and gore.
MEWING STOPS.
ANGRY MEN enter.
He points insistently to a door.
Angry men break in.
Angry men carry the corpse to a raging bonfire.
The Crone's corpse is thrown in the fire.
One punches Ichabod in the face.
The evil Third Man turns to a jury of TWELVE MEN.
Doors are thrown open and Young Ichabod enters.
It is fitted with straps for holding down the "accused."
LIGHTNING.
THUNDER.
POUNDING.
CREAKING STOPS.
WHHOOOSH the fire shoots up the fireplace.
Behind Killian, the DOOR SPLINTERS INWARDS.
The DOOR to the other room SLAMS.
Hits the floor.
The Horseman pulls the skewer out of his body, throws it.
Beth's SCREAMS are abruptly CUT OFF.
Her BODY is HEARD HITTING the floor above.
The battle is on, with Brom fending off the Horseman's sword with the gun -- CLANK -- CLANK -- CLANK.
The sickle handle SLAMS Ichabod's, knocking him away.
They jump into a FLAT BOAT barge.
Horror.
Ichabod and Brom are thrown.
It SIZZLES as Ichabod screams.
Ichabod moves to lock the door.
A LOUD NOISE is HEARD from the other room.
A KNOCK on the door.
Ichabod and Young Masbath enter, shutting the door.
A DOOR is HEARD OPENING and SHUTTING.
Ichabod stops, hidden.
She raises a small, sharp KNIFE behind his back.
Under the floor, there are piles of books.
Lady Van Tassel holds out her cut palm, the gash sewn shut.
The FRONT DOOR is HEARD SLAMMING.
Steenwyck comes to CLOSE the DOUBLE DOORS of his quarters, turning, angry.
Storming.
He sees Katrina moving up the aisle...  She's heading towards Baltus, who slams against the door to Steenwyck's room.
Others join the rage, pulling Baltus towards the front of the church, shouting.
Ichabod's ledger is thrown in.
Ichabod closes a bag, throws it with others.
Ichabod takes off his hat, sets it on the seat.
The door swings shut.
Behind him, the door SLAMS open -- Lady Van Tassel reaches to grab Young Masbath by the throat.
Ichabod backs away from the gun, frustrated, runs...
Ichabod immediately points his pistol at Van Ripper.
Lady Van Tassel steps hard on Katrina's ankle, touches her forehead, bleeding, pissed.
HOOFBEATS GET LOUDER.
At the treeline, the Horseman breaks into the open, hell on horseback.
The Horseman gallops out, throwing leaves in his wake.
His axe exposes grindstone, throwing sparks.
The bag smashes on the grindstone, busting the door...
Lady Van Tassel lunges, stabbing.
Ichabod avoids, puts all his fury behind his fist -- punches her in the face.
She screams.
Bohdan, you're a dog's prick, I swear.
Worth shit!
Damn! Picked clean!
Bloody thieves.
Enemies of the People!
One has no bowl, so he uses his hat.
Accuse you of spying-And they torture you?
They arrested me after the film's release.
BOHDAN amuses himself by throwing stones at VALKA, warning him away from the fire like a stray dog.
Bull-shit.
I couldn't give a fuck if you drop dead right now.
Lie down!
On the ground ZORAN lies beside JANUSZ, as they watch the unfolding drama.
This is the 'POINT-MAN', and he opens and shuts valves on the pipe- stem which regulates the hot steam that travels along pipes leading back to a primitive boiler.
Are you crazy?
They'll shoot you.
JANUSZ lies on his back listening to the storm.
Shut up with your jokes!
VOSS shouts for the fire to be built up, hot water to be boiled.
Stones!
You disagree.
They make hasty preparations, removing outer clothing, except shirts and trousers, tying their boots about their necks.
Were your parents arrested with you?
The mosquitos are getting worse and SMITH grabs swatches of leaves, passing one to IRENA as they walk on, swinging away at the annoying insects.
We've had enough of lies.
We're wasting time.
Did I kill you ask? Yes.
They shot him.
VALKA stops.
Shouldn't they be on your arse so you sit on them every time you take a shit?
JANUSZ sits beside him, and VOSS passes him a sample of the prisoners' pathetic messages - some scrawled on the back of photographs.
They break into Polish, a blazing argument, months of pent up frustration.
VOSS picks up the sheep and carries it inside the ruin.
Everywhere are signs of violence - doors hang from hinges, and a large statue of Buddha lies smashed in a courtyard.
I'm not going to ruin it.
The others have stopped.
We're in trouble.
ZORAN, JANUSZ, VOSS - lie flat out like lizards, their faces in damp, black mud.
Sucking sounds.
What if it's poisonous?
I would never have eaten you - too stringy and bitter, I'd rather eat snake.
He looks about him in disbelief, shakes the others awake, pointing.
I will fight.
Then I'm going to cook his chicken - but with extra salt just to annoy him.
Into the lock of the door, the door pushed open.
Frank is lying on the cement floor, his back up against the far wall.
Who the hell goes to Egypt to write bad checks?
Can't...  breathe... Don't start this shit, Frank.
Debbie Zane - 5 No. It's because the other teams can't stop staring at those damn pinstripes.
Where's the fucking A SALESMAN is handing Frank Sr.
Your son has been pretending to be a substitute teacher, lecturing the students, giving out homework.
It's a fake.
Frank's about to knock when thi12t b om door suddenly opens, and Paula walks out with JACK W - the Rotary Club President -- who wears a tailored ck suit.
The sons of bitches have called off the dogs -- read it and weep.
We're gonna teach the drunks to mind their manners.
Why you bothering the kid?
You hit that goddamn button!
What's your rank?
Somebody must have stolen his bank book, because he's half way around the world crawling through the jungle and fighting the fucking communists.
What the hell do you fly, washing machines?
It's all about timing, Frank, the goddamn government knows that.
Shit.
It was more like-punished.
Did you fuck up in the field and get punished?
I was in the L.A. public relations office, but we were shut down after the riots.
Does it bother you, Mr. Fox?
Knock Knock.
Debbie Zane - Go fuck yourselves.
Nobody is goin to blame you.
This guy's a check forger, a goddamn paperhanger.
at the end of the second floor hallway, the DO NOT DISTURB SIGN hanging off the door.
Fuck you.
That damn Skywayman is driving me crazy.
Joe Shaye, wearing a black hat and black overcoat, is knocking on the door with Amdursky and Fox.
Kick it in.
What the hell is wrong with you?
They kicked me out.
They accused me of terrible things, made up a list of lies just to keep me out.
Fuck you.
FRANK stops the car, stares in stunned disbelief at the police in front of the house.
This airport shuts down at eleven.
The wine here is shit.
This valley only grows shit wine.
A DRIVER opens the door for him -- a YOUNG KID that wears a black suit and hat.
Damn it... Frank!
O 1.4 Break it down.
The door breaks free, and the three men stares in disbelief at the EMPTY BATHROOM.
It's a fake.
It's hot.
top.location.href=location.href
JUD stops.
She's growing more and more upset.
She goes in and slams the door.
She's still mad.
One turns and throws up on the wall.
He throws the covers back and freezes.
During this: LOUIS twists the bag shut and puts one of those plastic ties on it.
Satisfied, he shuts it off.
JUD looks at him expressionlessly.
Lying in the middle of the table, clotted with dirt and blood, eyes staring, neck a gory mess of infected wounds, is SPOT.
She smacks him noisily.
IRWIN punches him in the stomach.
A SCREAM goes up from the mourners.
RACHEL screams.
The SOUND is loud enough so he's having trouble hearing.
It stops, and BILL BATERMAN gets out.
She's screaming--we hear her faintly.
A stupid trained baboon.
BILL screams.
She becomes steadily more upset.
She's in bed, still badly upset.
She hangs up.
She hangs up.
It cuts off.
Digging... throwing...
More CRACKING.
More consternation.
There is a struggle.
GAGE screams and gibbers--nothing intelligible here; only sounds.
After two or three ringy-dingys, LOUIS, looking extremely upset, comes out of the parlor and picks it up.
Then he crosses.
Smack-smack-smack.
We begin the nerve-wracking business of checking rooms.
The DOOR SLAMS.
He gets about halfway down the hall-- and our nerves are tuned to the breaking point--when there is a SQUEALING CREAK and a GRATING THUMP from overhead.
He SCREAMS and backs against the wall.
It breaks.
TOLLING CONTINUES: Three... four...five...  LOUIS is filthy, covered with dried blood.
TOLLING CONTINUES: Eight...  It's the Bitch, the Queen of Spades, she who supposedly poisoned the laddies in the Tower.
(beat.)
(beat.)
(beat.)
She photographs people pissing on each other.
Yeah... disgusting.
I haven't spoken to her for almost a year...Her little kid must be walking by now... Maybe I should give Susie a call...Nah, fuck that!
Are you calling me a liar?
(beat.)
(beat.)
Shit!  Sold out!
Being an asshole is part of the job description.
Ruin my evening.
In doing so, her foot hits an object on the floor.
Beat.
Is that bad?
Beat.
Dammit... my foot.
I hate this!
And I hate it.
I hate him.
Damn right.
(beat.)
You're angry I called it quits, aren't you?
Wrong.
(beat.)
(beat.)
She's fishing -- she hates herself for it.
Dammit.
(beat.)
(beat.)
You're fucked.
I'm reading a stupid article in a stupid magazine.
People are jealous.
(beat.)
(beat.)
(beat.)
You're insane.
You're an insane mother.
She hits stop.
You're wrong.
(beat.)
(beat.)
Getting raked over the coals by a bunch of sixteen-year old drama students!
(beat.)
It was brutal.
Was I that bad?
Why? Beat.
Oh -- what the hell -- we're friends, right?
I had this ridiculous idea that you wanted to get together to have a...  Oh.
Beat.
(beat.)
(beat.)
He locks the door.
(beat.)
He hangs up.
What's wrong with here?
He hangs up.
She starts to protest.
(beat.)
I lied.
Beat.
(beat.)
This is insane.
She hangs up.
He hangs up.
Click... click...click...  David shuts it off, goes to the door.
A beat.
Friends... that's bullshit.
Into the ether...  Stop...
David reacts-- Should we stop?
(beat.)
(beat.)
(beat.)
Jerry swings his fist into the wall, punching a hole in it.
(beat.)
A beat.
And I'll do whatever the hell I want.
You're wrong.
I slipped.
Slipped?
(beat.)
FADE IN TO steam shooting out of a huge old half-rusted calliope.
DARKNESS.
From his expression, as well as Treves', we can tell there must be an awful stench in the room.
The Owner is locking up.
The Owner gives Treves the evil look of a conspirator.
On his head is an extremely large hat, cut to the lines of a yachting cap.
The Owner gives the Cabman the card.
He goes back in, shutting the door.
He shuts the door, locks it, goes to a coat rack on the wall and hangs up his overcoat and hat.
Then rage hits him.
Treves immediately goes to the E.M. Treves pulls the blanket away from the E.M. exposing several bruises and bloody cuts.
The humming stops.
The E.M. grabs for the cloak as the door swings open flooding him with light.
Mothershead knocks on the door.
The door opens, Mrs. Mothershead picks up the steaming buckets and takes them inside, shutting the door.
Merrick's head immediately comes up from his knees.
Treves shuts the door behind her and turns back to the bed.
A knock comes at the door.
As the last light goes off, we hear the great iron door slam shut.
She releases Treves and lies down.
He then pulls the door shut with a bang.
They hold it for a moment, then lay it down flat on the table.
The one grimy window is locked shut.
There is a knock at the door.
She stops at Merrick's door and raises a hand to knock.
There is a knock at the door.
There's a knock at the door.
Broadneck explodes to his feet.
Broadneck blusters with rage.
There is a knock at the door.
He strips off Merrick's cloak.
Bytes moves in behind the Man with the Whores.
As they are pushed through the door, The Whores reluctantly enter the room.
He lets one of the whores go and grabs the other one from behind at the wrists.
The Whore is screaming and Merrick is crying out and screaming too.
The Night Porter grabs the other Whore now.
She begins screaming wildly.
He pushes the screaming Whore down onto Merrick.
He places the smashed hulk of the cathedral back up on its table, inadvertently leaving the spire and a few columns on the floor.
Now we see Treves filled with anger.
The door bangs open and Treves is there, standing stock still, in a cold murderous rage.
Treves, blind with fury, tears the poker from the Night Porter's hand, and is on the verge of using it.
Bytes, striving to save the moment and please the angry crowd, goes to Merrick and roughly helps him up.
The crowd is no longer in the least bit challenged by this piteous mess and they break out into a vocal fury, throwing objects at the wagon.
As Bytes listens he gets angrier and angrier.
Bytes opens the cage door and stuffs Merrick in as the monkeys scream.
Then he quickly turns, still in his rage, and starts for the wagon.
Merrick crawls to one corner of the cage away from the screaming monkeys.
They jump onto him with savage screams, biting him on the head and neck and shoulders.
Merrick grabs a monkey who has managed to hang and throws it into the group of monkeys on the floor.
The whispering stops.
Then, after further instruction, from the plumed dwarf, the freaks gently help Merrick out of the cage, closing the door behind him.
He rises and goes to where Bytes threw Merrick's stick and disguise.
He shuts the door.
He lets out a shrill scream.
He knocks down a little girl in his flight and she, too, starts screaming.
They have become angry now.
On it lies a man, groaning softly.
At a hydrant, CLYDE stops.
CLYDE points the gun above him and fires.
They move toward the car they have stolen.
BONNIE fires again and hits the tire.
CLYDE throws the door open and jumps, practically dives out the door.
In a rage, he goes behind the partition, grabs the teller and pushes him ahead with the gun.
CLYDE is fuming.
BONNIE has still not fully recovered from her mirth, but is quieting down because she sees that CLYDE is really mad and can't be pushed too far.
The BUTCHER screams, but reacts like a wounded animal, more furious than ever.
In blind fury, he pistol-whips the BUTCHER's head with two terrific swipes.
--in darkness.
BONNIE begins doing so, while CLYDE keeps his gun trained on everybody.
Immediately he methodically begins to back in.
He is in a rage.
This irritates her; his very presence is demeaning to herself and CLYDE.
They laugh happily and begin sparring with each other, faking punches and blocking punches--an old childhood ritual.
The screen door slams behind her.
C.W. follows, driving BUCK's car with BLANCHE.
CLYDE stops beside BUCK.
Suddenly BONNIE straightens up to a kneeling position again, and cocks her head.
He shuts up fast.
As soon as CLYDE calls out, BLANCHE drops the frying pan on the floor and begins screaming.
Without a word, CLYDE stops the car.
He breathes a deep sigh, like a man counting to 10 to hold his temper.
BONNIE shoots C.W. an angry glance--it's just what the gang doesn't want.
BONNIE half-screams in disgust, but CLYDE is on top of BRYCE in a flash, half-strangling on his own fury.
Cut to CLYDE standing near the door, training his guns on the entire bank.
CLYDE spots it and fires a shot that just knocks the bank guard's hat off without harming him.
Everyone reacts with stunned amazement at BLANCHE's nerve in wanting to get her cut.
BONNIE is livid but says nothing.
C.W. comes bounding over, as rude an assault on their sensibilities as he can be.
The MAN is furious.
They continue driving, furious, the man cursing and muttering.
VELMA jams it down to the floor.
CLYDE screams, "BONNIE."
With barely controlled rage: New angle.
Sound of door closing shut, as C.W.
CLYDE is both amused and annoyed.
She does, with some play-acting, exaggerated obeisance to CLYDE's command--reaching up at the last moment like a zombie and snatching an artificial flower from BLANCHE's hat which still lies on the dresser.
CLYDE lies down now.
They shut them on GO, and screen goes black.
There is a knock on the door.
Before BUCK can say anything, BLANCHE puts her hand over his mouth to shut him up.
Before they reach the door of BONNIE and CLYDE's cabin, the window smashes and there are blasts of gunfire.
The car stops.
We hear her scream.
Crazy, mad hillbilly music on the soundtrack.
The car is a complete mess.
BONNIE is yelling at everybody to shut up.
They stop and the Barrow gang gets out.
BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. all grab their guns and fire several shots; they are not firing the big guns now, but the pistols.
The picture stops, freezes for three beats.
The execution is paced deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of the destruction.
BLANCHE is screaming.
BLANCHE screams.
The car finally comes to a stop a few feet in front of C.W.  BONNIE is on her feet, and CLYDE tumbles out of the car, practically before it's stopped, sweeping BONNIE into him.
CLYDE comes half-awake and looks over at C.W. C.W. is driving down the road, hell for leather.
He stands there struck dumb, staring.
C.W. walks to the driver's seat, gets in and shuts the door.
It should be a complete shock to the audience-- this is the man kidnapped by the gang earlier and partially destroyed by BONNIE.
HAMER is dressed in his Ranger outfit and hat, and again he has that quality of sinister frenzy beneath his calm manner.
He puffs up with air and explodes like a steam valve.
CLYDE jumps into action, slams his door.
Cut to a shut down the trench of the law, tense.
The noise stops at once.
The Sailors stop yelling.
The Saipan roars off into the setting sun, hell bent for leather.
Zepplin screaming in its wake.
Blasting.
Finnegan cocks the spear.
With that Finnegan leads Pantucci out of the hold, slamming the door behind him.
Trillian is thrown inside.
The DOOR SLAMS SHUT.
As she turns the page the same strange sound, a violent sucking, comes from inside the walls, startling her.
SMASH!
SCREAMING.
YELLING.
Everybody backs the hell away from it.
Finnegan locks the sticks down, and runs out.
TRACK WITH Finnegan running through the smoke filled hold, past Hanover and the merc's who are pulling themselves off the floor, right into the...  ENGINE ROOM.
Finnegan slams the piece of speed boat into the back of Mason's knees buckling him to the floor.
A thick black hose weaves it's way across the flooded floor, sucking water.
The smashed aquarium.
The door to the bridge is KICKED OPEN.
And there's BLOOD on the floor.
Start BLOWING the shit out of the TROLLEY CAR.
Finnegan yells at Mulligan and Vivo -- Finnegan finally tilts the muzzle of Mulligan's gun to the ceiling.
They stop firing.
As Finnegan pulls, Pantucci does as he is told.
Leila has welded half the hole shut.
LEILA SCREAMS.
She SCREAMS!
Then he hears a strange SLURPING and SUCKING SOUND coming from behind some gears at the end of a little alleyway.
The SLURPING gets LOUDER.
Freaked out.
Hanover grabs Trillian by the throat and slams her against the wall.
BLASTING the shit out of anything and everything that moves.
Pantucci grabs the knapsack, cramming as many parts as he can into it as Finnegan keeps firing into the steaming, creaking, sparking machinery.
He runs like hell, with Finnegan firing a final burst, and following.
The gunfire stops, replaced by an ominous, horrifying, sucking sound.
Trillian screams.
Startled, TRILLIAN SCREAMS.
Just then, the doors to the elevator shut, and the car starts to ascend.
And silence... until the doors slam shut...the cable snaps... and the car plummets!
The FLOOR CABLES SNAP.
CRUNCH!
Trillian looks down and SCREAMS.
Finnegan SLAMS the HATCH shut.
Covering their asses.
HE YELLS.
SMACKS the TENTACLE.
Finnegan stops.
Spooky shit.
Finnegan explodes to the surface.
She throws down her pistol, picks up the pulse rifle, and slams on the trigger.
Mamooli SLAMS the HATCH SHUT.
Dante's Inferno: STEAM, SMOKE, FIRE, STRANGE NOISES, DARK AREAS, and lots of MOVING ENGINE PARTS.
It suddenly SLAMS SHUT.
It also SLAMS SHUT.
Cutting them off.
STEAM SHOOTS OUT from multiple pipes.
TENSE.
Her rage rises.
But the bullets only manage to go about twenty feet into the thick shit before gliding to a stop.
Pantucci and Hanover throw themselves to the floor.
Then the machinery shuts down.
FINNEGAN sticks the barrel of his gun underwater and OPENS FIRE.
A BEAT.
'EM?! Hanover takes his pistol and SHOOTS Pantucci in the leg, BLAM! Pantucci SCREAMS.
SLAMS the DOOR SHUT.
He SCREAMS.
When... YANK!!...the SPEEDBOAT is GRABBED from below, practically exploding as it DISINTEGRATES into TWO PIECES.
Trillian throws the start lever on the winch.
Finnegan hears TRILLIAN SCREAM.
Finnegan lets out a low, angry, guttural YELL.
Freed, Trillian gets up, grabs her rifle, and RUNS LIKE HELL.
Tearing the shit out of it.
He shoves her out the door, and is about to follow when the door is slammed shut in his face.
Finnegan turns as the DANCE FLOOR and the D.J. BOOTH EXPLODE as SOMETHING RISES UP from below them.
Jutting up from a breach in the floor.
SMASHES him into a wall.
Hits the floor running.
Grabs it.
NAILS IT.
Filled with rage.
Finnegan fires at it, blowing it to pieces.
He GUNS IT.
WATER SIZZLES and STEAMS.
A furnace.
Twitching.
Slash.
Screaming.
Warned, Robin ducks away.
Slams the jailer's head into the wall.
Two more guards attack, yelling fury.
Grabs the man's neck, SNAPPING it with one mighty twist.
A bloodcurdling scream.
O.S. SHOUTS.
A peasant, ragged, desperate, KENNETH.
Steam pours from the nostrils of a black charger.
Crosses himself.
He beats them off.
Screaming vitriol, the hag is unharmed.
Children scream and run.
More soldiers.
Nostrils flaring with repressed hate.
Robin's anger relents.
A paroxysm of rage and grief.
Slams his fists relentlessly into the wall.
Stares into the night in silent rage.
He smashes his fist into his chair.
The girl screams.
Ooze sucks at feet.
The hatch slams shut.
Robin refuses.
She waits imperiously behind the locked door.
Grabs the dagger hand, smashes it into the wall.
The battle is over.
Anger and anguish in her voice.
Robin and Aslan ride flat out.
Gisborne curses his men, urging them on.
WIND GUSTS the trees in angry waves.
Twelfth- century Hell's Angels.
He pauses, checking the faces of the angry peasants.
Stop in their tracks.
A rabble.
He wakes, cursing.
All around him the woodsmen lie on the forest floor, covered with rags and hides coughing and sneezing.
Body stooped, clothes ragged, a pathetic figure.
The rich drop a few mites, sparking a mad scramble.
Gisborne yells orders.
A SQUEALING HOG is loaded onto a wagon.
The men are angry.
Yells at Will.
Will is incensed.
Will stabs wildly, more and more frustrated.
Grabbing the end of the spear, he clowns a tug of war.
Guy of Gisborne commands the   escort.
Searching and cursing.
Angry shouts from inside.
Smashes the Friar's head with his drinking jug.
He punches Robin in the gut.
A beat.
Fanny screams.
He storms out.
Screaming, he grabs his  face.
Bull joins the fray, charging like his namesake, howling in rage, flailing at heads with his quarterstaff.
A furious melee.
Aslan grabs the attacker by the neck and pile-drives him into the cave wall.
Chaos.
Disarray.
Hideous screams as they're impaled on hidden stakes.
John slaps him on the back.
All around them lie slain Celts and woodsmen.
Throws the man's armor and weapons into a growing pile.
An executioner.
Grabs Will's throat.
John loosens his hold just enough for Will to splutter out...  John reluctantly moves his hold from Will's neck to his shoulders.
Will eyes the accusing faces.
The gallows.
Seeing Will, Wulf charges at him, screaming in blind rage.
Throw him down, kicking and beating.
The executioner encircles Wulf's neck with the noose.
Fanny screams.
Raging, Nottingham climbs to his feet.
The Chieftain knocks Aslan down.
Angry peasants pursue.
He grabs her and pushes her into the open cooking fire.
Desperate, she grabs a poker and smashes him over the head.
More peasants join them, daring to take on the Sheriff's hated men.
A door SLAMS back.
The man refuses to speak.
Without an eyeblink's pause, Tuck punches the Bishop so hard, he flies back THROUGH a stained-glass WINDOW.
The Sheriff hits the floor.
She lashes out.
Waiting by the door is Aslan.
The teacher points to one.
The Guardians will be angry.
And it was Zaltar who stole it.
I hate mountains.
screams.
Immediately, several of the room doors along the corridor slam shut.
She's a beast.
The and shatters.
She takes a huge wrench and starts to shut off a valve.
Stop the car!
And destroy!
The student hall monitor sticks her head in the door and yells excitedly.
Now, about my fee...
Nasty bitch!
She is furious.
The silly fool!
The bulldozer circles behind the gas station toward a small motel next door, leaving in its wake a totaled station wagon, and gasoline leaking on the ground from the smashed pumps.
The bulldozer circles through the motel, smashing the individual cabins into matchsticks.
The bulldozer drives under the MOTEL SIGN which HITS LUCY ON THE HEAD, KNOCKING HER UNCONSCIOUS.
A fire truck and a police car arrive on the scene, sirens screaming.
Eliminate her.
Then the unseen presence suddenly SMASHES ITS WAY OUTSIDE THROUGH THE SOLID WALL OF SELENA'S LIVING ROOM, leaving a big hole and a trail of crushed furniture behind it.
The monster stomps the car flat with a noise like colliding express trains and heads for Linda.
He parks his car behind the flattened remains of Lucy's car, and gets out, staring with amazement at the destruction wrought by the titanic struggle.
Then he knocks on the door labeled HOUSEMOTHER MRS.
The door slams shut.
Leave me alone.
The door opens behind her and TWO SECURITY OFFICERS push  inside, with guns drawn.
He slams the heavy lead-lined door and bolts it shut.
... before you get blown off and kill yourself.
Darn!
She hates you.
Selena slams the car door and Bianca drives off.
Yes, mistress.
Nigel stands up and points an accusing finger at Selena.
The smoky fire crackles and sends its dark plumes boiling skyward.
Well let me tell you, sweetheart, it'll be a cold day in hell before I fall for that one again.
You vicious-- Careful, don't make me angry.
I start fires when I'm angry.
Kara puts her face in her hands and starts to sob hopelessly.
Immediately a RAIN OF MONEY BEGINS TO FALL ALL OVER THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY.
The crowds scream her name.
HELMETED GUARDS in the livery of Selena's service kick down the door.
They smash up the print shop and arrest everybody.
Selena is furious.
The empty cage lands in the water and is instantly eaten up by the most powerful acid imaginable, leaving nothing but froth and acrid fumes.
I'd hate to lose you, Ethan.
She has hostages.
I am your mistress.
Don't listen to her! Kill her! She's lying.
stealing the Power Source?
He shuts off the shaver, picks up the phone.
She takes off her hat coat, and hangs them on a chair.
Jeff starts to protest.
She is quite flat-chested, and the dress hangs unattractively.
She pretends to kiss him lightly, take his hat, and place the hat on a chair.
Suddenly she buries her head in her arms over the table and starts to sob.
He puts a couple of pillows behind her back to make her more comfortable.
His face is flushed and angry as he goes toward the bedroom.
She is laughing, and he is answering her in angry tones.
The more she laughs, the more angry he gets, and the harder she laughs.
Jeff, getting angry.
She turns the key in the lock.
He is in the act of placing it on the floor.
He hangs up.
Doyle saunters toward steps, picking up his hat on the way.
He goes up the steps to the door, putting on his hat.
He moves to the sideboard, picks up a felt hat.
He puts on his hat, and goes toward the door.
Then he turns, puts his unfinished drink down on a table, and goes to the door.
Without looking at Jeff, Doyle comes into the apartment takes off his hat and places it on the table.
Doyle goes to the window and looks out, as they watch him, expectantly.
His voice is flat and to the point.
Doyle starts to pace up and down, throwing out a hand in careful explanation.
She screams at him to get out.
He leaves, slamming the door behind him.
We have heard her sobbing since the moment of the scream which she uttered.
In the corridor above, Thorwald returns, frustrated.
Stella is busy, expertly handling the shovel.
An angry Jeff is staring, and trying to penetrate the semi- darkness of Thorwald's room.
His rage and frustration are fixed for a brief but terrifying moment.
Creel grabs for his gun expertly.
They watch expressionlessly.
She shuts the alarm and scoots up in bed.
Beat.
Grace, directly behind Judith, tries to turn Pilgrim to avoid being hit by the errant horse.
Grace hangs onto Pilgrim's neck.
It's a powerful look that tells her to calm down and shut up.
They hang up.
Beat.
Robert shuts off his sink and dries his face, without a word.
Annie is angry at his complacency.
She puts her crutches against the wall and tries to walk towards her bureau without them.
Suddenly, she lashes out, knocking the photograph onto the floor...  Annie pulls up in a Range Rover and stops.
She is unhappy.
Beat.
Beat.
Frustrated, Annie looks up ahead and sees: Annie yells to be heard through the headphones; Annoyed, Annie pulls onto the gravel and stops, talking to herself -- She exits the car, banging the door.
Grace senses her mother's anger.
She stumbles back out of the trailer, slamming the door shut.
Annie's comic mimicking, throws Grace off center.
Annie is choked with fury.
Joe smirks as Tom messes his hat up.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
Tom enters to take his hat off the sideboard.
Beat.
Beat.
They're clamped and lowered sideways onto a table and given a shot, a yellow insect tag in one ear, branded, then sent back to their mother's.
He touches his hat.
Grace badly oversteers, but makes the turn.
Grace moves away from the window, her emotions churning -- jealousy, anger -- and enters her bedroom, shutting the door.
Grace starts to sob.
Until Diane stops.
He teases.
Pilgrim balks again, violently throwing his head, kicking...  Grace's shoulders slump, she presses her hands in her pockets, fighting not to cry... Smokey climbs over the rail into the ring as Tom says something to him.
Grace starts to sob, burying her face in Annie's chest.
He hangs his hat.
Then: Beat.
Punching his chest...  pulling at his shirt as Tom tries to put his arms around her... Tom's heart is breaking as he manages to get his arms around her and hold her...  as she breaks down and softly, the rage passes... Annie speaks softly.
Holy shit.
Danny watches her fuck, only for a second.
Fucking pervert, Dan! There's a black guy outside Der...  breaking into your car.
Does he have a fucking gun, Dan?
He stops at the front door and grabs the doorknob.
Derek throws open the door and the black man standing guard wheels and fires a shot into the front door.
Fuck you!
He then walks towards the car and fires shot after shot at it until it disappears.
Derek cocks his piece, points it and walks toward the man.
But payback is out there.
Danny takes a piss.
You hate this kid.
Murray walks over and shuts the door.
It wreaks too much of shit.
I should expel you!
He eats shit, recovers, and looks off into the distance.
Derek fucking owned this place.
Fat, pasty, pale, pastrami eating, cracker, motherfucker.
A hundred bucks says I make you my bitch.
When I want your fucking opinion I'll ask for it, fuckhead.
You got a big fucking mouth, fat kid.
You can't take a shit, Seth.
We win, you grab your shit and find a different place to run.
You got a lot of fucking balls, man.
A look filled with rage.
Use that fat ass and keep him out, Seth! Seth and the opposing player bang to get position underneath.
EVERYBODY STOPS.
That's fuckin' offense!
Get the fuck outta here!
(threateningly.)
Don't be throwin' fuckin' elbows.
Fuck you!
You gotta call offense on that shit.
Fuck that, D. That chucker can't pull that shit.
Tens!
Holy shit!
Everybody courtside goes nuts.
Get off my  fucking court!
Yeah! Fuck... yeah!
Dope fucking shit, man.
Fuck that.
She opens the door and tries to shut it immediately.
Fuck off.
Shut the fuckin' door!
He bangs on Derek's door once more, pissed that Derek didn't open it earlier.
And now he walks the street as free as you and I. What about OJ, bitch!?
Two fucking seconds, dude!
Fuck off.
What else?  Tell me what I want to hear, asshole.
Cut the shit.
I'm not fuckin' talkin' to you, Davina, shut up! Do you believe in Adolf?
What do you hate, Danny?
I hate everyone that isn't white Protestant.
And say it with some fucking conviction!
"We don't know them, we don't want to know them, they're the fucking enemy."
I feel threatened by them.
They feel threatened by you!
I hate this hip hop influence on white fuckin' suburbia.
I hate Hilary Clinton and all of her Zionist MTV pigs telling us we should get along.
Save the rhetorical bullshit honey, it ain't gonna happen.
That's the best shit I've ever heard come out of that mouth.
She stares at the two hate mongers.
Shut up, Davina.
You shut up, you poison to fuckin' society!
Derek hates you, Seth.
How do you know who I hate, Davina?
Fuckin' A. Long time no see.
None of your fucking business how I found out.
I feel like smacking you in the fucking head.
He ' s a fuckin ' loser, Nazi scumbag.
Come on, Der! It's gonna be fuckin'-- Danny walks off, frustrated.
I got shit to do, Dan.
Asshole turned me in.
You wanna be a fuckin' loser your whole life?
Asshole Sweeney.
Derek believed in Cammeron... he was angry...that combination gave them bodies.
White punks... sick of gettin' their asses kicked by black and mexican gangs at school.
I hate that fucking Korean.
Fuck yeah it is.
Angry.
Stay right on my fucking ass, man.
Wheto's your fucking green card, asshole?
Can't hide from me, motherfucker!
Fuck you, Murray.
You're so fucking lame.
White Americans don't take PCP and drink and drive a hundred and twenty fuckin' miles an hour!
Still, the dumbfuck's tryin' to get up and kick their asses!
That's how stupid that motherfucker is.
Those cops used textbook-solid tactics and if Dad were still here he'd say the same damn thing.
Get off your fucking asses!
The hell you didn't.
Who the hell do you think you are? Derek jumps up from the table and grabs her by the back of the hair.
Let go of my fucking hair!
Tell me you're gonna shut up and I'll let go.
Are you going to shut up, Davina?
Fuck... you.
Are you going to shut that fat fucking mouth of your's and let my girlfriend tell her opinion?
I hate you, you fucking asshole!
The door slams shut in the background.
You callin' me a liar, RosenKike?
Give her fucking detention?
Take this, you fucking dick!
Fuck you!
I screwed up.
He's gripped as desperately by remorse as he was moments before by rage.
That fuckin' sucked, Derek.
Put your mouth on the corner of the fucking curb!
What the fuck did you say?
Holy fucking shit!
What the hell was that for?!  Jesus!
Two cops take cover behind their door, draw their guns, and shout instructions.
Danny's interrupted by a LOUD KNOCK on the front door.
Drop your dick and grab your stick.
He shuts his bedroom door.
You gotta hit that shit.
Who?! Why is he calling here!?  Fuck you, Sweeney!
Asshole! (grabbing the receiver.)
Get a fucking job, you reggie!
You're an idiot if you ask me.
They can use that shit and re-try you.
Shit.
You're full of shit!
Yo!  What's up, Fat Seth!? Seth throws Chris against the wall.
Your brother's a piece of shit!
Holy shit.
Father Vinyard!? Son of a bitch.
You're a fuckin' god, man!
A man pisses out the window.
Excuse fuckin' me!
You better hightail it the fuck outta here if it is.
Have you seen the bitch?! Derek shakes his head.
Fucking Sweeney.
It's a fuckin' vacation for them in there, hunh?
They're fuckin' peasants, Derek.
Fuckin' talk to me then.
Fuck you, Cameron.
You're a fucking chicken hawk... praying on kids.
You fucking use them.
You hear me, Cam? Fuck you, Derek!
Fuck you!
Don't think you can threaten me with this shit for a fuckin' second!
IT SHATTERS.
You gonna listen?! I'm gonna fuckin' kill you.
Shut the fuck up! You're gonna stay away!
Derek throws him a towel, grabs one for his lip, and exits.
Don't point your fucking finger at me.
What are you gonna do?! Hunh?! Hit me?! Kick me as I roll on the fuckin' ground screaming?!
That bullshit with Cammeron is nothing, Derek!
You got fuckin' guests out there, Cam.
The man yells.
Danny punches his brozher in the face.
Fucking asshole!
What the hell are they then?! Derek picks his brother up and sits him on a BUS STOP Just sit there and relax for a second.
You looked like an idiot back there!
His roommate, an old Latino guy, right behind.
Pots and motherfucking pans...  disgusting beef stroganoff shit... boiling hot water... fuck that!
Nooo... how about you getting that fucking shit awax from me? Stevie looks at him, ready to kill.
Who the fuck are you?
Man... you are a stupid motherfucker.
Hunh?! Fuck you!
From out of nowhere, he is slammed out of frame to the floor.
Derek lies on the tile floor, bloody and beaten.
Motherfucker.
He picks him up, throws him over his shoulder, and carries him off.
But if you think babies come into this world evil... you're fucked up, Derek.
Fucking little boys in prison?
None of your guys back home give a shit about you.
I'm fucking incarcerated, man.
Son of a bitch.
What the hell do you know- about my father?
YOUNGER DEREK, donning a flat-top haircut and no tattoos, walks into the kitchen.
So now we got two fights goin' on at one goddamn time.
Dennis takes a bite of his eggs and explodes.
This "affirmative blaction" shit is driving me up the fucking wall.
That sucks, man.
Fuck you.
Thirty years to get your shit together?
There are plenty of fuckin' dishwashing jobs out there, Vietnam boy.
Fuck you then.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Who gives a fuck?
Derek's a fuckin' traitor pussy.
He hated Derek.
Said he was a fucking blow-up doll in there.
Fucking A. Seth continues to eat.
Where do you assholes come from?! What the luck difference does it make where we come from, bitch?
You ignorant mother-- Seth quickly gets out of his chair and makes his gun totally visible to the couple.
You got a fuckin' death wish, asshole?
Bitches today want to be known as bein' fuckin' color blind.
Fuckin' A. Sweeney sighs.
Before it explodes.
He pushes on the men's room door.
Danny enters, sets his "AMERICAN HISTORY X" PAPER on top of the sink, and takes an unearthly long piss at the urinal.
THE DOOR SMACKS OPEN and Danny moves to grab the pistol.
Drowning in rage, Derek turns back to a misty eyed Sweeney.
They shot him in a fucking... pisshole!
A still of the two immediately after the murder.
They are gently pushed shut by Henry's two small BLACK FINGERS.
The muffled SCREAMS grow louder and clearer...  an argument between men, panicked rage over-lapping.
Another OFFICER is on the floor, mortally wounded, his body still twitching with his head bashed in.
The INSANE OFFICER, a young corporal is moving from terminal to terminal, typing in commands with a casual and emotionless nature.
Blood streams have run down his face from both ears and nose as he continues to type commands into the flight computer...  heightening the trapped OFFICER'S muffled,.
screams.
The trapped OFFICER is seen SCREAMING in silence inside his own pod.
He yells at the floor.
CRACK!
You're waking from Corporal?
That's right, I'm- Wanna get that fucking light out of my eyes, pal?
Yeah? Until I have two coffees you're just gonna have to repeat all this shit, so let's just idle here for a bit.
Shit- Five.
Fucking teamsters.
How the hell do you know that?
Dammit.
I'll be damned.
BOWER!? Stop it.
WHAT!? Are you fucking kidding me!? Yeah.
His fingers dig the envelope opener from his pocket as the RUMBLE fades, CLANKING the vents shut just as...
He stabs the envelope opener into an open vent.
I'm inside a God damn- He shoves outward and the door SNAPS open.
He falls out, flips through the air and SLAMS to the floor, an IMPACT on the radio sends...
Be cautiously steps closer as the object takes the shape of...  a MAN, standing at the edge of a doorway, head slightly cocked, peeking out.
I'm- CRACK!
CRACK!
Stop! Stop it!
You crazy fucking bitch- He wields the only weapon he can find...  his shoe.
Why the hell would they be-- Payton, they were hunting.
Hunting!?
They sure-as-shit weren't a welcoming party from the Promenade deck!
So...  you don't have a fucking clue to what's happened?
Help.me? Wait a second- They go off scent and sound as far as I can tell and they're a lot fucking stronger and faster they you'd think.
They- Who the hell are they!?
Bower, you tell this asshole the chain of command and a direct order to- God dammit, WAIT! You're still an officer of this ship and at present time, your CO is ordering you to- ordering?
So fuck you and your BOWER shoves him against the wall with force.
Get the hell out of there.
SHEPARD'S SCREAM intensifies as the HUNTERS huddle over him.
BOWER viciously cranks the energy lever on the weapon and climbs out of his hiding place as...  SCREAMS intensify within the brutal attack as the HUNTERS begin to feed.
SEEPARD'S neck is twisted far enough to SNAP!
This little thing packs a punch.
Bower!? BOWER!? Answer me God Dammit!
They fucking ripped him apart!
The wire is slashed, BOWER breaks free hitting the floor as the cable is jerked up and out of sight.
And stop throwing that shit.
The SHUDDER passes, killing the power and the door stops...  open only a half foot.
They help her push it shut, sealing the lock with a CLANK.
What the hell are those things?
Who the hell is there to call?
The finally slide to a stop at the bottom of the slope and BOWER quickly raises his weapon towards the rafters to see...  the HUNTER is gone.
The HUNTER lunges at them from five feet away.
The HUNTER pounces onto her back and a claw-like hand grabs her hair...  teeth opening towards her neck and... POW! BOWER charges into the HUNTER, tackling it and they spin into a brutal and distorted fight, seen under the FLICKERING LIGHT.
Jesus...  Christ- Jesus- Its face is smashed beyond recognition, but its facial features are horrifically distorted, no sign of eyes under the shredded tissue.
What the...  what the hell is it!?
Through the porthole...  silhouetted HUNTERS move past with weapons in hand, search and destroy style.
What the hell happened to them!?
What the hell are those things!? Shut-up!
Let's get the fuck out of here.
And then...  BANG!
(frowning to himself.)
What the hell is that?
What the hell was that!? LELAND is exposed from his hiding place, waving the smoke from his face, bewildered.
Shut off the gas!
Festive and violent.
A slow boil...  and without being able to get off the ship... there's no shutting off the heat.
LELAND moves past a wall-drawing of Earth destroyed, moving to the image of the three pilots.
They were my commanding officers.
What the- He was- He was gonna fucking eat me! (mouthful of tube.)
What the hell is it!?
Little bastard rang the bell.
She's dead.
Once that thing shuts down, we're as good as dead.
PAYTON refuses to look up from the computer.
A descent to Hell itself.
You're crazy...
The pen-lamp CLANKS off one of the catwalks and tumbles past BOWER...  dropping to the bottom... hitting the floor and illuminating the strange white objects covering the floor as...  DOZENS of HUNTERS, all sleeping.
Who's being irrational here, Lieutenant?
GALLO jabs the syringe gun towards the back of PAYTON'S head while putting one foot inside the pod.
GALLO EXPLODES with RAGE...  POUNDING on the hatch with a jack- hammer of fists, bones shattering in his own hands.
He follows their eye-line to see the entire floor of HUNTERS are awake, heads turned towards them.
The HUNTERS instantly turn toward his direction and TANAKA throws his weapon, HITTING one of the HUNTERS directly in the head.
HEFLIN screeches a command and the HUNTERS ignite in a chain-reaction, grabbing their weapons and taking chase like a swarm of attack dogs.
With nowhere to go, they are done for as WEASEL CACKLES a command, the HUNTERS moving in, just as...  SHIIIISSSSH!
PAYTON throws him a glare, continuing to type in commands as the room erupts with activity.
WEASEL has incredibly quick reflexes as he springs back to his feet just as BOWER charges into him, slamming into a wall of burning algae.
With WEASEL SCREECHING wildly and engulfed in flame, BOWER viciously continues pummeling him, throwing a rage of blows until the body stops twitching.
With the YELLS muffled under the hatch, LELAND runs towards an open door at the far end of the long corridor.
Who's the one suffering...  sir- PAYTON lunges with the weapon, RAGE in his EYES as... GALLO jabs with the pistol-syringe, they lock hands, grabbing one anothers wrists...  slamming into the wall.
Your mind... has turned against itself, I'll FUCKING CARVE YOU UP! Within the struggle, hands grab at weapons, a wrist is twisted...  lining up both of their identification tattoos to be identical... FLT>>004>>012>>.
He heads toward the bridge, while flipping another switch that ignites the opposite doors just as...  BOWER and NADIA angrily burst through the hatch in the floor, jamming it behind them and run up the corridor.
They see the doors sliding shut.
The HUNTER spasms wildly, kicking and clawing as BOWER and NADIA back pedal into the room.
HUNTERS gather at the gap, stabbing weapons between the doors, trying to crawl through with SCREECHES and HISSES of rage.
Who the hell are you?
Who the hell are you?
Shut-up! (licking his lips.)
I'll bet you'd be a BOWER suddenly shoves him out of the chair, slamming him to the floor, jabbing the barrel into the back of his neck.
The crack on the window begins to spiderweb across...  GALLO grabs her hair to expose her neck and angles the blade upward, forcing her to take a GASP as... BOSSSH!
Water explodes through the windows, hitting the room like a hundred fire hoses.
GALLO is hit directly and thrown across the room as NADIA and BOWER are engulfed by the blast of black water, sent tumbling.
The tremendous ROAR of rushing water rolls them down the stairwell and into the sleep chamber compartment in a raging torrent, a tidal wave slams into the wall.
He hits the keypad to read: >>> DETACHMENT INITIATED >>> BOWER struggles to close the hatch as water rushes in, SLAMMING it shut on top of them.
FUCKING DRIVER looks as though he may piss himself.
FUCKING MIDDLE twists around, glares through the back glass and FUCKING PASSENGER white-knuckles a tire iron.
Flips.
Fucking Passenger rises from behind the truck and rushes Milton, tire iron held high over his head!
--blows Fucking Passenger's hand clean off!
Fucking Driver scrambles from behind the wheel, springs to his feet and runs.
As Fucking Middle drags himself from the passenger side.
A beat.
You... you took my leg you fuck!
Blows Fucking Passenger to hell.
Now get the fuck back to work!
Shit...  they're hungry.
Hell of a ride out there.
We're close on a car door as it SLAMS.
Piper's French manicured hand wraps the floor-mounted gear shift like a cock and SLAMS it into drive.
It's clear she don't know jack shit about engines.
Piper drags Mona, KICKING and SCREAMING, into the lot, then drops her and whirls toward the room-- -- where Frank struggles, desperate to find his pants.
You psycho bitch from...  Piper spins on Mona, points a finger in warning.
It shuts Mona up.
Fuck you, Piper, we're in lo-- Piper clocks Mona! Mona stands there... dazed.
I'm warning you, Frank.
It's like she's been sucker punched.
Enough with the drama!
Piper, stop this!
I said, you ain't taking my car, bitch.
Your car?! Who's been making the payments you out of work, skanky Mona fucking piece of shit?!
WHAM! Stop...  ...hitting me!
He punches her in the face.
You're insane, you know that?
When I'm done nobody's gonna wanna fuck you.
Go to hell.
Least he sure as shit looks like an accountant in blue suit and purple power tie.
She stops in her tracks.
I said, what did you call-- --I called you a fat fuck' and we had better leave it at that unless you'd prefer I call you a dead fat fuck.' Wha-what?
I'd spend the night here fucking his wife.
What's wrong?
A large breasted waitress, fuckin' hot for a woman in her fifties, approaches with chips and salsa.
Frank clicks his phone shut, jerks the door open to find -- The Accountant smiling at him.
Angry with attitude.
Fuck should I know where he went?
The bitch, the old man and my car!
You know what, fuck you.
Dazed.
Bat SMASHES down on the TV.
He has killed and will kill again.
Candy's SEX SCREAMS are starting to annoy the fuck out of her.
Shut the fuck up in there!
You shut the fuck up!
What the fuck?
She is, as we say in the fuck industry, aclosea.
The door adjoining Milton and Piper's room EXPLODES open at his feet!
Chamber SNICKS shut.
Half the man's foot is blown to hell!
He stares at his dead comrades in rage then glares at Milton.
Aw, hell.
The fuck?
Two doors shut.
The steel of it is thick, tarnished and somehow angry.
He breaks off.
Sons of bitches killed my daughter.
My daughter got mixed up with the son of a bitch right out of college.
The world was in a fuckin tailspin and King was preaching quiet revolution.
That's when they met with some witch doctor bullshit artist in Chinatown.
He SNAPS the gun shut.
Shit.
But sacrificing her under the full fuckin moon, that's okay?
Piper SCREAMS.
The bullet RIPS BURLY'S SCALP WIDE.
The cratered cruiser lies on its crushed roof, both doors shut.
Lady in Leopardskin behind the wheel, her eyes insane.
Shit!
Milton cuts the wheel left and floors it!
A bloody angry smile.
I'm'a fuck you up.
He takes a step and swings a punch.
Fuck.
Tires SCREAM in protest!
Jonah sits up... he pulls at the corkscrew and screams.
Slips again.
Damn.
Fuckin devil worshipers freak me out.
They mess with powers that should be left alone.
Turns my shit white.
Yeah, those are fucked.
Wig's body stiffens and he SCREAMS.
As the DRIVER steps out... stands half hidden by the door as Like Piper, the Driver has his right hand tucked behind his back, wrapped around the handle of a .44
An old black man, as tough as Milton is angry.
Sure as shit supposed to be anyway.
The Fuck.
Shivers.
You don't understand, we was fuckin'.
He killed them while we was fuckin'.
Webster throws a lever.
Engine's shot to hell.
The bastards we were workin' for, they were gonna kill us when the job was done.
Nosir, worst part's the goddamn video feed.
In full goddamn detail.
Fuckin son-in-law.
Fought like a fuckin banshee.
She's trying not to sob.
Already angry.
Fuck are you doing?! Milton stares.
Damn right.
Give me the fuckin shells.
Get himself killed.
Who the fuck is this Timmy and Lassie you two keep talking about?!
Fuck you if you are.
Shit.
Fuck.
Oh shit.
She breaks off.
You crawled out of the Goddamn abyss... and a few fat-assed county Mounties are giving you pause?
Drive angry!
Drive with the motherfuckin' rage that'll take us through that motherfuckin' roadblock!
The Nova SCREAMS beneath it!
Federal Bureau of get the fuck outta my way.
ANGLE - Looking down on The Accountant surrounded by armed angry troopers.
Fuck.
It's because of those crazy fucks out there isn't it?
Somehow they know how to summon a piece of hell to earth.
Satan?
Then get off my fuckin car.
Now it is worthless.
They LIE.
Milton wears a mask of rage as he rips the Nova into a 180, his 357 aimed out the window.
Milton sights Jonah, ready to blow him to fuck, catches the reverend while he cocks the pump.
Piper, he didn't steal that gun to kill me.
He stole it to slow me down.
Milton is ROARING in anger as the NOVA is PEPPERED with bullets and shotgun blasts.
Jonah and the half a dozen remaining Cultists zero in around the Nova, guns trained on the driver's door.
The KICKBACK blows Piper off her feet, the gun jerked from her hands.
Stupid bitch.
FLAMES ERUPT with THUNDER clear to the heavens - the Nova ROARS one final time, living up to it's name in a furious ball of fire that consumes whatever's left of Jonah King.
Piper SUCKS in air.
Tearing itself out of her.
Shivering.
Ripley turns sharply away, trembling with frustration and anger.
DOLLY BACK as the conference room door bangs open and Ripley strides through.
People are getting annoyed.
She SHRIEKS.
Newt SCREAMS as the door beside her is RIPPED OPEN.
SLAM.
He slips a TRANSLUCENT CARD onto the table, heads for the door.
She punches off before Burke replies, before she can change her mind.
Painful.
Through the swirling steam Hudson, Vasquez and FERRO are watching Ripley dry off.
Ripley spins on Burke, her tone accusing.
bellowing.
Hicks looks at Apone, cocks an eyebrow appreciatively.
He slaps the SERVO-CANNON controls in the GUN BAY above them.
Vasquez and Drake exchange do-you-believe-this-shit expressions.
Kicks it in.
In time to see the lock doors rumbling closed.
The crew door whines shut behind her.
Below that is darkness.
But more than that, she's furious.
Newt screams.
The sound of a rifle bolt snapping home truncates his rant.
The ship rises through the spray thrown up by the downblast of the VTOL jets, hovering above the complex like a huge insect, its searchlights blazing.
She grabs Newt and sprints for cover as a tumbling section of the ship's massive engine module slams into the APC and it explodes into twisted wreckage.
Ripley sets her on one of the cots and Newt lies down.
Newt rolls her eyes as if to say "don't pull that five-year-old shit on me, lady.
Ripley's fury is peaking, now that the frustration and rage finally have a target to focus on.
Hicks slaps a switch, killing the alarm.
Then the firing from the remaining guns stop abruptly.
The motion sensor TONE shuts off.
He punches a key marked "ENABLE."
She SCREAMS and topples off the table, splashing to the floor.
The alarm and sprinklers shut off automatically.
Ripley shakes her head, the rage giving way to a sickened emptiness.
They pull the door shut and lock it.
The tone gets louder.
Newt screams.
Ripley slams into the door.
In the b.g. the AP station has become a raging demon, wreathed in boiling steam and electrical discharges.
She slips.
AND SHE SLIPS OUT OF IT.
Ripley is irrational.
Acrid fumes fill the air, searing eyes and lungs.
Steam hisses and billows.
She Ripley hears the scream and breaks into a run.
The grenades punch deep into the egg sac and EXPLODE, ripping it open from within.
Ripley lays about her with the flamethrower, igniting everything in sight with an insane fury.
She runs to a ladder set in the wall as a horrendous screech beats in her ears.
Her shouts become inarticulate screams of hatred, outrage at the final betrayal.
Fingers stabbing buttons in a sequence.
The Queen emerges as a blur of rage, lashing with unbelievable fury.
She slaps the red "INNER DOOR OVERRIDE" and latches the "HOLD" locking-key down.
Newt screams as the hurricane airstream sucks her across the floor toward the airlock.
He threw this in the trash can.
Don't you dare lie to me.
Don't lie there and pretend you're not thinking the same thing as me.
An expansive beehive of rotting housing.
It's stifling.
"Darned."
That's too bad.
You wore Chanel with that awful black hat.
They're stupid kids, who cares what they say.
He's a "runner".
You can only grab in here -- at the tits, you got it?!
You grab out here or here, we're gonna get flagged and I'm gonna get pissed.
Yelling at him won't help.
Grab a knee.
The ball is kicked off and Bobby, the Crusaders tailback takes it in at the five yard line.
Fulmer gives her a look that says,,"Who the hell are you?"
"Charge for the guns'he said."
To hell with the NCAA, I'd do it again tomorrow.
Turn it up, bitch!
Alton steps in front of Michael, raises his hands --- Shutup?You tellin' me to shut up?I'llcap your fat ass.
Blood flies from Alton's face - eighteen years of subdued rage coming out in seconds.
A table flies and the crib smashes.
Michael looks to David, frozen in the corner, then over to the SCREAMING child on the floor.
Sneaked me then took off like a little bitch.
No, you hear me, bitch.
The ASSASSIN, frustrated, dashes for his MOTORCYCLE.
Greer SLAMS the dumpster lid on the man repeatedly.
You have the right to remain silent-- But the PSYCHO has grabbed something from the trash, manages to SQUIRT BUG SPRAY in Greer's eyes.
Stay with me asshole-- Why would I do that?
He's angry but resigned, he was half expecting this.
Instead of gore and brains, we see torn GRAY PLASTIC and dense CIRCUITRY, oozing pinkish hydraulic fluid at his neck.
Aw crap, I'm totalled!
We oughta lock this guy up and throw away the key.
Wake up and smell the piss!
He punches in a CODE at the door.
He moves to shut the closet door on his synth unit.
We hear the DOOR LOCK behind her.
KNOCK on a dorm room door.
Stone here.
Lionel Canter's breakthrough experiments led to the technology for decoding brain impulses and transferring the signals to synthetic humans...  Damn.
PULASKI, a gung-ho SURRIE SOLDIER, charges into MACHINE GUN FIRE and is BLOWN TO PIECES.
Damn things aren't free, Pulaski.
STRICKLAND skids the bike into a CRASHING STOP, knocking over piles of GARBAGE.
SFX, an awful SCREAMING NOISE inside his head-- SCREAMING NOISE CONTINUES as REAL GREER spasms in pain in his stim-chair, in the sensory projector's RED LIGHT.
Goddamn machines!
A DOUBLE-BARRELED SHOTGUN BLAST throws GREER backward, away from STRICKLAND.
Strickland! Wait! Greer tries to get up, a HOLE has been blown in his chest, exposing SPARKING WIRES and ELECTRONICS, spraying GREEN COOLANT.
He's surrounded now by angry, disenfranchised DREADS, all of whom regard him with hatred.
It's the murder weapon?
ON MEDICAL MONITOR - the image of GREER'S BRAIN shuts OFF with a BLIP.
Greer moves toward the curb to get away from them, stumbles-- PETERS has to pull him out of CAR TRAFFIC, a HORN HONKS.
Screw this.
She reacts to the sound of-- --SCREAMS and SCREECHING TIRES from outside the building.
PETERS looks toward a large WINDOW to the street-- and immediately dives for cover as-- --a battered SUV, spray-painted with anti-surrogate GRAFFITI, SMASHES through the plate glass.
But he recovers, throws a wild punch at Miller an d misses by a foot.
Trouble?
Then you oughta return that surrie, looks like shit.
(re: the freaks.)
You stand for everything the humanists hate-- Then why would his own people murder-him?
Greer steps over the couch calmly and begins PUNCHING and KICKING the surrie on the floor, working off pent-up rage.
So the Prophet has him killed.
Damn thing put me in the hospital.
Greer has trouble swallowing his anger.
GREER sits back, frustrated.
Why kill Canter?
STONE stares at Greer, angry and defiant.
But before he can bring it to bear-- --GREER STABS him in the back of the head, SKEWERING STONE'S CPU.
STONE FREEZES, hunched over his desk, gun in hand.
An OFFICER moves to the front, carrying a WALKIE-TALKIE.
PETERS marches out of there and slams the door on the way out.
The oppressors shall soon fall, never to rise again...  Ignoring him, some bodyguards pull HANDGUNS and FIRE on the SURROGATE GUARDSMEN, who immediately RETURN FIRE with automatic weapons.
They've killed the Prophet!
A GRENADE LANDS nearby, GUARDSMAN #2 throws himself on it, his SURRIE BLOWS UP.
THE COMPACT pulls to a stop.
Dangling wires, the SENSORY PROJECTOR and HARD DRIVE have been stolen.
A beat.
She's dead.
Peters, have you gone insane?
Put the gun away, what the hell are you trying to prove?
GREER has stopped, stunned.
You asshole.
Greer shoves the inert body aside, it falls flat.
GREER struggles from the frozen surrie's grip, clutching his ear, deafened by the gun's loud report.
He makes a frustrated NOISE and dashes for a nearby door to the stairwell.
Who was it, Stone?
Hijacking an agent, destroying federal property, creating a hostage situation...  Peters pulls her gun and points it at BOBBY'S HEAD.
PETERS lowers the gun, reaches into her pocket and pulls out the Q.D. WEAPON.
He tries the handle, kicks the door once, then pulls his gun and aims it at the lock, turning away as he SHOOTS.
Damn it!
He moves to a NARROWER STAIRCASE with a sign, "ROOF The RIOT AGENTS pour in now, GUNS FIRING.
She's expertly wiring the O.D. to the keyboard, cutting, splicing and reattaching wires.
It was me you came to care about-- Shut up! Greer clenches his fist, if the man wasn't in a wheelchair he would beat the hell out of him.
CARS VEER out of control, SMASHING INTO EACH OTHER, careening onto the sidewalk, rolling over fallen surrie bodies and SMASHING into storefronts.
He KNOCKS gently, then tries the door-- it isn't locked.
Judge nods-- I'm holding this over pending notification from counsel...  Then gavels down, for the next case-- As Casey's led off, Mick joins him along the rail-- He hisses-- That was bullshit, askin' for a delay-- I know what that was about.
Why do you waste time on her, Mickey?
Shit.
When was the last time you were arrested?
Son of a bitch, Haller.
Sticks takes the money, goes.
Dumb, I know.
These ridiculous charges.
That ridiculous woman.
Dobbs gets the door for her.
Removes his Ray-Bans.
SUDDEN POP TO, LOUIS STRUCK FROM BEHIND...  Blacking out as he tumbles... BACK TO, Conference table's silent.
Louis mimes throwing a punch, in the air.
"God bless the dead and buried nigga, Don't worry if you see God first, Tell him shit got worse... " You've got to be kidding me.
Let's get on with your sentence for the sale of rock cocaine and get you off to prison, shall we? Darius, pissed.
And X punches with his left.
Looks annoyed at Mick.
It's a fucking platter.
I knock her down, the act is over and the crowd goes home.
(rubbing it in.)
Too bad.
Fuck you, Haller.
Look Ted, let's cut the bullshit.
I don't give a damn what you think we want.
I told them using that dirtbag was a bullshit play.
And bruises.
That shit I tol' is true, man!
There was another guy, bpi guy that she was talking to... Plus the coroner says her vagina was brutalized...  Are you my lawyer or what, man? (insists, crazy now.)
I fucked her but I didn't hurt her-- You ain't even listenin'-- Three people saw you throwing a knife into the L.A. River...  'Cause I had that knife in my car!
If all you did was fuck her then why didn't you leave any prints?
One by one holds them against the glass with his fingers...  WHEN: Frustrated, Mick complies-- but calls-- Guard!
That prick.
And when he's done he stabs her over and over, fifty-two times, while he works out something in his sick fucking mind.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
I was offered the house to show, never gave back the key-- (over,doesn't give a shit.)
Panting, he watches Louis go down the fucking steps.
He was a hell of an ex-cop, is what he was.
And yeah he was gay, and what the hell's that got to do with it?
Did I get him killed?
Anyway...  Presses STOP.
A beat.
but when we checked it out it wasn't a Woodsman, like the gun that killed him...  To which, Mick reacts... as she goes on...
And hangs up.
You son of a bitch.
You killed Raul.
I am a son of a bitch.
You piece of shit, do you think you have this wired?
But it is about her actions.
Fascinated but repulsed by this guy...  but Fullbright stirs, disliking Talbot's tone... Did you have sexual relations?
This warrant is bullshit-- Good enough to search your house.
It was stolen.
Why didn't you report it stolen?
Before Louis can speak: Low-- Listen, you little shit: This gun- scheme of yours is about to blow up, and I'm not going down for it.
This is the man you broke free from, overpowered, knocked out?
No! Threaten to rape her, or kill her?-- No! You're angry.
What shit is this, Haller?
He said the other time he killed the bitch...
While Louis leans over to Mick...  What the hell is this?
(after a beat.)
Damn.
If I destroy him none of it counts...  (from his gut.)
Then destroy him.
I want to know how Corliss got that shit he was saying.
Mick freezes, expects the worst-- but they move AROUND him and CLOSE IN ON: Louis Roulet, you are under arrest.
Which stops Kurlen.
I've stopped giving a shit.
Leave it alone.
The shit you talked to me! Don't hang up, Val!
Fuck, he's going to Maggie's.
You've reached the cell-phone of Maggie McPherson...  Slams down the phone... Desperate, grabs his jacket, his gun, flies towards the front door...  OPENS it-- and MARY WINDSOR stands there.
She raises her gun again-- Mick FIRES AT HER FROM INSIDE THE JACKET.
He watches, through the haze of his condition, as Mary Windsor's fallen body jerks, on the floor...  CUT TO, Hate contorting his features, he's checking out the street numbers through the DOWNWARD SLASH OF RAIN... WHEN...
She's punching in her code.
Fucking.
Shit.
Cut off.
Come on girl, suck it up.
Right on the floor.
It's hot.
Hates to see this...
And before anyone can breathe, she steps OFF the platform RIPPING the living shit out of the gown, right down the side.
In her rush to step out, Julianne STUMBLES,  but her arms are pinned by the pulled-down dress and she just...  ... TOPPLES like a felled oak, THUDDING on her face, the gown RIPPING some more, the seamstress SCREAMING like an idiot.
She jumps up, dashes for the door, STUBBING her toe on the platform, SHIT!, falls heavily AGAINST the door with a THUD that makes her wince, and...  ... the argument stops.
Damn.
He sends a true shit- eating grin and she SLAMS the door hard enough to RATTLE walls.
The parking valets wait by their stand as the convertible pulls up.
Sucks in a breath...  Ninth floor.
She SLAMS the EMERGENCY STOP button.
He stops in his tracks.
Murmurs...
Her reaction shows that she thinks it's for her, until...  Hating herself for asking, but seeing no way out...
Hit a nerve.
Wrong?
A beat.
Loves this shit.
Rolls it expertly in her fingers.
Damn straight.
PUNCHES up the goddamn laptop.
Damn, I'm becoming a senti- mental slob.
TYPES in...  Yes!  We're in!  Punching keys.
To bring that anger near the surface.
A demand.
She is sobbing now.
Losing it.
She reaches to test her curling iron, BURNS her finger, SHIT! KNOCKING the appliance into the half-filled sink.
Steals a glance at Julianne.
Soulful vengeful sluts.
He blinks from his cage, bored as hell.
PULL BACK to see Julianne, just as she...  ... KICKS the shit out of the glass!
As they head down the hall...  He's trying to flip through the message slips in his free hand... She's at her door, turning the key.
To stone.
Holy shit!
He looks more sick than angry.
As she watches him go, the door behind her suddenly OPENS, and she...  ... FALLS through it, flat on her back at Michael's feet.
What the hell is going on?
Trying to hold on to her temper and her sanity.
Slams into a florist's truck, looks inside, shit!
She chokes back a sob.
Shit!
Julianne cocks her head to one side.
Julianne's feet sticking out under the door.
HEAR them EXPLODE out the door, and...  ... five stalls OPEN.
And on these words.
She sobs.
This fucking guy.
Reed sucks it up.
Doors shut.
Then he opens the door to...  SNAP!SNAP!SNAP!
She opens her mouth, and... WHAM!  Doors slam open.
Starts punching buttons.
Victor, annoyed by the indecisiveness, marches right up to Sue.
He takes over the console, punching keys.
A beat.
A beat.
She looks more disappointed than angry.
She shrieks and gets up -- knocking a GLASS off the table...  SLOW MOTION: The glass flies off the table, tumbling... Reed instinctively reaches for the bottle: his arm stretches two feet out of his sleeve -- grabs it just before it hits -- Then snaps back into place.
CLUNK.
His SCAR.
Reed's about to knock on Ben's door when he hears the banging, moaning and pleading inside.
He kneels to the floor.
They hear a tremendous SMASH from inside the room.
Ben tries for a few seconds, getting more and more frustrated.
She recoils.
He shuts his eyes, and...  SHOULDER-BLOCKS the INCOMING TRUCK!
He struggles.
At the back of the traffic jam, cars SCREECH to stops.
He wants to escape, but hears SCREAMING MOTORISTS.
Beat.
She stops ranting.
A beat.
Sue SCREAMS.
The HANGING LADDER swoops down, with men RIDING ON IT! Ben SCREAMS!
Ben SCREAMS!
Another scream.
And the penny drops: he's FURIOUS.
She flips through it.
He SLAMS his fist into a STEEL WALL.
His body steams.
Frustrated, Reed looks at the smoking system.
She is annoyed.
As she focuses on Reed -- and gets angry -- a small, clear FORCE FIELD forms around her body.
Reed is thrown from his chair.
Johnny shakes his head, frustrated.
Frustrated, Reed SLAMS his head into his desk, CRASH!
Steam rises through the grates.
Ben takes his drink, but SMASH!
He grabs a bar-rag to dry off.
We PUSH IN on Johnny, his ego getting stoked, as we CUT TO -- Ronnie jams down the track, kicking dirt back at Johnny.
The crowd is ready to explode.
Johnny REVS his engine, his body starting to STEAM, adrenaline burning.
Johnny swerves to a stop, with a "holy shit" look on his face.
Sue and Reed approach, glare like angry parents.
Ben charges like a bull, fist cocked back, and... Reed steps in the way!
Ben's fist PUNCHES INTO REED'S CHEST, which INDENTS.
Heating up.
Both his hands are now flaming fists of fury.
Sue looks at Johnny, more disappointed than angry.
PUSH IN on Victor's face, his inner rage palpable.
THUD!
A beat.
A beat.
Ben pauses, a little insecure.
The car stops.
As he shuts the door, we see the women climbing onto Johnny.
The lines of her neck.
Now it's damning.
They stop laughing immediately.
He THROWS Reed back.
He JOLTS in JUMP-CUT-MOTION, RECONFIGURING, JERKING out of control, and we CUT TO -- His screens GO BLACK.
The Boyfriend drops the glass, which SMASHES on the ground... catches the floor on fire.
He keeps his arm behind his back -- his fingertips course with ELECTRICITY.
Thing shuts his eyes.
Doom BLASTS an electrical BOLT at Reed, KNOCKING Reed through the huge window!
Doom casually SWIPES, sending him through revolving doors.
He SPINS, GRABS her!  Doom grips her neck, SLAMMING her to the ground beside Reed.
An elevator DOOR FLIES INTO THE ROOM!  SMASH!
The force sends Doom back through the air, toward the far wall, where he SMASHES into the massive "V" sculpture.
On the ground, PEOPLE scream and duck for cover.
People scream, run.
The boy holds tight to a ladder, as Ben and Doom crash down to -- A HOTEL GUEST sees water FLOOD into the hall.
He jams his key into the lock, turning desperately, just barely leaping out of the way as the wave carrying BEN and DOOM SMASHES through a window to -- SMASH!
Doom and Ben land in a large GARBAGE TRUCK.
COP CARS SPEED CLOSER, sirens screaming.
Doom steps toward them, but -- WHOOOSH!  Johnny SWOOPS DOWN, hurling a FIREBALL like a flamethrower, KNOCKING Doom back.
He THRUSTS down, grabbing a thick POWER CABLE, RIPPING it out of the street!
The electric charges surge through the air toward the Fantastic Four, but -- Sue TOSSES her FORCE-FIELDS, exploding Doom's blasts in mid- flight.
One of Doom's BOLTS glances off her force-field and -- SMASHES into a concrete stanchion of a BUILDING!
Doom keeps FIRING.
Sue shuts her eyes.
THUD.
He KICKS OPEN the FIRE HYDRANT.
DOOM screams.
A beat.
The steam clears to reveal: DOOM.
An angry mob outside the Senate hearing.
A fire burns in the fireplace.
The front door SMASHES OPEN.
We hear an angry grunt as the thing starts to hunt for Logan.
A violent YANK.
Lightning.
Frustrated.
He drops it, annoyed and tries again.
He stifles a curse.
XAVIERiS OFFICE - DAY Logan shuts the door and leans his head back against it, exhausted.
With that, Mystique punches Kelly.
He struggles.
This gets Brad 4 angry.
Bradis 1, 2, and 3 stand up, they are angry.
Logan grabs the manis fist and lifts him up and over, slamming him into the train floor.
Brad 2 grabs a commuteris briefcase and smashes it on Loganis head.
Suddenly rage -- PRIMAL RAGE Loganis feet kick out, his left foot strikes Brad 1 in the face knocking him backward, while his right foot hooks around Brad 2is head dragging him forward.
Logan wheels around, kicks him to the floor, and punches him.
Logan is at the peak of his rage.
But rage has taken over.
The gun cocks.
Another roar and another punch.
Magneto is furious.
Sabretooth and Toad walk away, still with the punching and asking to be punched.
Logan looks up at Xavier suspiciously, hating that he is making sense.
Disgusted.
She shuts the door.
Mixed with screams, it is unbearable.
LOGANiS ROOM - NIGHT Loganis screaming as he comes to.
THUD.
400 pounds.
Beat.
A small beep and a loud KNOCK of tumblers rolling and the vault door opens.
Cyclops stumbles helpless, his eyes are shut to prevent further destruction.
Itis stopped.
For the first time we have seen -- Charles Xavier is angry.
Xavier shuts his eyes furious.
She is visibly upset.
Darkness.
Loganis struggles turns to rage.
Darkness.
Darkness.
Darkness.
Storm is MAD.
WHAM!  Sabretooth smashes down.
Then: Magneto gets angry -- squeezing the metal surrounding Jeanis head.
This drives Cyclops crazy, but he is helpless to stop it.
Magnetois anger is boiling over.
Its rings expand as it receives Logan.
She stops behind Magneto.
Magneto grabs hold of Rogueis throat -- CHOKING HER.
And Magneto lying powerless on the floor.
Sabretooth picks up Logan over his head and throws him like a rag doll into the railing on the other side of the torch.
Sabretoothis body SMASHES THROUGH THE ROOF of the boat.
Had a job waiting for me, with a friend of mine.
You're wrong.
He walks down the hall - AND IN AN INSTANT FALLS FLAT ON HIS FACE.
How'd you get on this shit?
Smells it.
BEAT.
So now he's got a leash on and he's staying on my command - THAT"S WHAT WHERE WERE AT WITH IT NOW - it stays on command.
She's mad.
Bartender telling him how came to 'the cause' here...) He slips a PAIR of HEADPHONES ON, TAKES A SEAT AND LISTENS.
Are you lying?
Are you lying?
No. Are you a liar?
Not if you drink it smart, he was stupid.
What a scare I was in for.
The money I'd stolen in my getaway.. .not
Stuffed in the elevator, Master fuming.
MASTER is still fuming, ranting and raving, MARY SUE is here with him...  WE HEAR MASTER from the next room; Everyone in here, listens, hangs their faces.
He gets a robe on, makes the walk down the hallway -- He comes to the door...  .FREDDIE smashes it down... CLARK is here and watches, does nothing... .FREDDIE drags him along the floor, CAMERA moves over and sees: MRS.
threw It on the table. .
He is about to say.. (wanna fuck?.)
CLARK is dragging FREDDIE down the hall, passed out... he gets him to the room... opens the door..pulls him inside...  .FREDDIE wakes up.
BEAT.
.and closes the door..(JUST BEFORE IT SLAMS SHUT - her ROBE FALLS OFF, REVEALING HER FREDDIE.
FREDDIE pours a tiny bit of his booze into the beers for them...  Anybody ever hear about stolen jewels and money in the sewers?
Holy shit.
FREDDIE kicks his chair -- Wake up.
Please put your hands behind your back.
MARY SUE comes out, angry at the police, everyone is, etc. Quite a scene.
You created THEM so YOU can DESTROY THEM.
You're a fucking ME shut my mouth?
You're a fucking DRUNK.
You want to shut me up?
I'm the best and only friend you have, shut me up from saving you?
The loss of her.
Are you Dick Breton?
It's hot down here.
STUDENTS and a small LECTURE in process tries to ignore the ANIMAL SOUNDS coming from the bathroom...  FREDDIE with DICK BRETON and another FOLLOWER are cleaning, fixing up the ranch house...
They head for CARS waiting...  THE WHOLE-ENTOURAGE unloads and heads into the house.
Screw this.
And screw you.
.FREDDIE walks after BILL, behind his back, come up on him and CRACKS HIM IN THE KIDNEYS.
HE GOES DOWN... KICKS He sits down and just watches Bill squirm in the middle of the street, finally dragging himself up and into his car.
MASTER, riding a MOTORCYCLE...  and A SEDAN carrying FREDDIE and DICK BRETON.. .pull up in the middle of flatland desert outside PHOENIX...  ANGLE, LATER.
For kansas.".) MASTER and DICK BRETON get in the car, done waiting for Freddie..and drive off.
Was she upset that last time I was here?
Was she broken up about it?
You're calling her a monkey just to piss me off, aren't you?
As Will pulls into the driveway, WE HEAR C SHARP PLAYED OVER WALTER RODMAN, 60, sits at the piano dressed in a robe, stabbing at the key with his finger.
Rage?
Once more he tries to open the cage, once more she yanks it shut.
Hell, we weren't ready for monkey trials.
I'm sorry - there was - She doesn't wait to hear his excuse, just moves down the walk, her footfalls pointed and angry.
SHUTS the door.
The room fills with STEAM.
Beat.
She watches as her brother throws the ball to his Buddy OVER CAESAR'S HEAD.
He drops his arms and walks over to Todd, stepping close, hot rage escaping from his nostrils.
Then they hear it: a HUNSIKER'S YELL.
It won't happen again...  Damn right it won't happen again!
He gets up his nerve.
At this pace we'll get to trials by the time Hell freezes over.
KICKS his desk in frustration.
But Caesar's too carried away by his rage - he shrugs the old man off his back.
Hunsiker's running out of steam.
Chimpanzee House - and stops in his tracks.
Caesar sprints for it, as for salvation-but AS SOON AS HE CROSSES THE THRESHOLD, HE He turns, but DODGE SHUTS THE DOOR IN HIS FACE AND LOCKS IT.
Stupid monkey.
To his left: the faces of THREE HUGE, AGITATED CHIMPANZEES pound the concrete floor, YELLING at him.
To his right: Caesar lets out a PRIMAL, BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAM.
He shoves a PLASTIC 'PLAY REFRIGERATOR' across the cage floor...  then SLAMS IT AGAINST THE WALL.
Okay, assholes.
The hose lies on the wet floor, along with the detritus of feeding time.
Caesar lies on a medical table, NECK AND LEFT ARM BANDAGED.
He unzips his fly and PISSES INTO THE CHIMP'S FEEDING TROUGH.
You son of a bitch.
Dodge is clearly much tougher, stronger than Will, but Will's too angry to care.
Now get the hell out of here.
CAESAR WATCHES AS SHE PULLS OUT A PAIR OF SCISSORS, cuts off his bandages.
My hand's killing me.
Caesar finds himself staring into the huge, angry gorilla face.
The CAGE DOOR'S CLOSED, BUCK INSIDE.
But as soon as the BLAST OF AEROSOL MIST is released, KOBA a THRASHES OUT AN ARM, HITTING EVANS IN THE SIDE OF THE HEAD.
He challenges me.
Taunts me.
The FEEDER BIN OPENS AND SHUTS, waking him.
Smells it.
They wait for a break in traffic, cross the highway.
Where he stops in his tracks.
Locks the door behind him.
Rise and shine, assholes.
What the hell - (seeing Cornelia's open You sly son of a bitch.
Then he rears it back, face contorted in rage.
And then...  they go nuts.
Where in the hell did that chimp come from?! Will speeds out of the driveway, Stewart by his side.
But once inside, the level of destruction is immediately visible: Overturned table and chairs, plates smashed, cupboards emptied.
You're wrong - he can't have been the one who killed that man - There is no other explanation.
Welcome to the mad house.
Huffs thinks he's nuts.
No time is wasted.
Approximately two dozen apes, gorillas, I don't know what the hell they are - AUDIBLE CHAOS from inside the lab.
YELLING, SCREAMING, Huffs drives - Will in the front, Stewart in back.
As the apes pass other enclosures, the ANIMALS GO NUTS.
Will yelling "Don't"...  Caesar - devastated, the rage building in his face.
PEOPLE are STUNNED as chimps, gorillas, orangutans VAULT OVER THEIR CARS, run down the middle of the traffic - stampeding across the bridge.
Tell them to hold their fire until they get past the traffic!
Caesar BARKS a command at BUCK - who waits by the last car with a PACK OF GORILLAS and some chimps.
And Buck with his gorilla, take refuge in the stalled traffic.
Who the hell is this guy?
Beat.
Straddled by two men, his head is mummified in tape leaving one ear exposed.
The bullet bounces off, hits the floor.
Sarcasm.
Pulls into traffic.
Loud.
Chaotic.
She surfaces, frustrated.
As Creasy shuts the door.
It's hitting her.
Fucking.
Heated.
Steam rising off the water.
Traffic pounding by.
BANG!
A bullet slams Creasy in the back, fired from inside the Corolla.
The FAT DRIVER fires, now, and Creasy is hit in the shoulder.
As the door slams shut, wheels spin, grip and the Corolla accelerates away.
Kidnapper gets angry.
Incredulous and angry.
He stares back over at her, furious.
He flicks open the breach, snaps it shut.
They're struggling.
As Jorge starts to protest, Creasy rams a Sig into his gut.
As Jorge's vision explodes...  Still in the driver's seat, Jorge wakes.
As Creasy sets the pen down...  Creasy jerks back Jorge's middle finger, raises the knife.
Scream, as the knife comes down.
Creasy cocks the trigger.
The kids shout for him to kick the ball back, but he ignores them.
Blood spouts as his front teeth are smashed in.
Wall explodes.
Both have their eyes taped shut.
He kicks open a door.
Creasy slides in, eases the door shut behind him.
The door is shut behind them.
Lisa suddenly attacks Samuel in a violent, emotional outburst of tears, screaming, and rage.
We can hear the interior of a family house, kids, a frustrated mother, a Mexican soap playing in the B.G., over speakers.
Ducks down...  windshield shatters from the blast of Creasy's shotgun... Bug slams into wall.
The Man badly broken and bleeding lies on the floor, flex- cuffed.
Manzano punches the seat again again and again.
The car stops.
Manzano explodes out of the driver's door in slow motion.
He commands the room -- Now we end the debate about tactics...  and begin to plan for victory.
They dare judge me?
None would risk your anger -- (oblivious to him.)
He SCREAMS, but it's too late -- the huge CREATURE grabs him by the neck and LIFTS HIM OUT OF FRAME.
I failed him.
Do you ever lie awake during a storm and listen to the thunder?
She throws a perturbed glance at the door.
Andromeda ENTERS FRAME, furious.
Kepheus is irritated.
Cassiopeia reacts, upset.
A mad mix of emotions crosses her face.
still he dwells in rancid hate, having killed his generals and sucked their bones.
Amoun wills her to stop.
The statues lining the hall shut their eyes and the doors burst open.
You have blasphemed powers beyond understanding...  You, a stupid braying goat before the unfathomable galaxies.
You dare put this frivolous, scrawny slut...  above the infinite Goddess of the Deep!
What's our attitude about destroying Leviathan?
I beseech you, track the expedition.
(as she murmurs.)
His expression changes, and the tenor of this stolen vigil is altered.
LIGHTNING.
Stop it, rogues.
I can't reverse the powerful curse.
The monster killed my friend.
(as she nods, Do you want them to be destroyed by this awful curse?
The angry crowd responds, fists shaking.
Peshet rounds a corner, frustrated.
The Expedition moves through a mountain pass.
Amoun and Draco stop.
A Lotophagi spears Kosmo, killing him.
Let's kill these freks!
The Expedition members ride on the Scorpioch with the Djinn.
The Expedition sleeps in a drizzle.
In a morning fog, the Expedition enters a circle of FREE- STANDING MONOLITHS white with bird crap.
They're lying, Perseus.
We have guaranteed the rage of Tiamat with this revelation...  .
The STORM RAGES around a FLEET OF SHIPS, manned by armored CREWMEN, that rises and falls on hundred-foot mountains of water.
She strikes.
He dodges and locks her neck.
They all TWO STONE STATUES flank the entrance: a pair of enormous CENTAURS -- NESSUS and IXION, their eyelids sewn shut.
Ixion smashes him to oblivion.
BLUE FIRE shoots out his neck, ENVELOPING THE CENTAUR.
Eyes shut, he windmills his weapon above him.
VOICES -- frequent and angry -- SHOUT CURSES at the Basilica.
And still, no word from the Expedition.
BONFIRES RAGE, monster regiments assemble.
Are you so selfish?
Set points at Vidalia, slamming her into the earthen wall.
He cocks his arm and clobbers Set with an ear-splitting CRACK OF THUNDER and a sparking BURST OF WHITE ENERGY.
Perseus, his face contorted in rage, chokes Set.
Peshet, stop!
Peshet WHIPS HER DAGGER through the air; it THUDS into the neck of the First Rebel, killing him on his feet.
The Expedition reacts in shock to what they see.
They're on a shelf above the wide, flat basin that lies outside Joppa.
Agenor's thugs chain her to the winch at the precipice, hundreds of feet above the raging sea.
THEY FIGHT.
Leviathan explodes from the surface, too huge to be seen whole.
At the apex of its surge, it SNAPS ITS JAWS SHUT with a booming THUNDERCRACK...  just millimeters from Andromeda's dangling head -- and FALLS BACK.
Andromeda is sucked toward the maw.
LIGHTNING CRACKLES and BOILS the water.
A CRACK opens in the seabed and sucks back the silt.
top.location.href=location.href
He is KNOCKED against one wall, then another, then to the floor.
Shit!  John motions frantically for Chuck to pull on the automatic inflators on his jacket.
Shrouded with fog and surrounded by debris, the tail of the big plane slowly SINKS beneath the angry, storm-driven waves.
He chokes.
Dazed.
He throws another rock down, but it doesn't break.
Chuck positions the stick, pointed end up, in a hole, then SLAMS the coconut down hard on it.
He takes a drink of coconut, picks up his club and a coconut, sticks the stone knife in his pants.
He takes a rock and tries to dislodge one, but it smashes into a soggy mess.
Everything that was so valuable before is useless now.
Pulls his hat over his eyes.
Chuck splashes after it, stabbing as he goes, falling, getting up, stabbing again.
He drags himself to his knees, crawls a few feet, and throws up in great, violent heaves.
He is really going for it, what the hell!
He throws it on the fire.
The fire burns.
Chuck throws new firewood on the dwindling fire.
And then he throws his head back and lets forth, from deep inside himself, a SCREAM of rage and anger and pain.
STEAM sizzles out of the fire.
Struggling.
His fire is out, his tooth is killing him, he can't escape.
A coconut frond hat is on his head.
His voice is flat, monotonal.
Furious, he kicks his signal fire, scattering the burnt-out coals.
He CUTS an angry big line under the last mark, then hacks away at the palm tree, slashing it with the stone knife, ripping and marking through all his dates.
The waves are gray and angry, tearing at the beach.
It smashes the raft against the reef!
Chuck stabs with his spear.
Chuck looks at the dead fish and begins to sob.
Then he sucks the marrow out of the head.
He yells.
Darkness.
Chuck takes his spear stabs at the shark.
He stabs at it with his spear.
The shark circle, Chuck stabs again.
If the Dorado was a gift from God, this is a message from Hell.
Forklifts stop.
She starts towards her, but the OFFICER holds her back.
Another door slams shut behind her.
Then, like a wave moving in a circle around her, another WINDOW bangs down, a DOOR slams shut, another WINDOW.
The CLOSET DOOR swings shut, sealing her off from the world.
More chaos.
Copycats.
What's wrong?
RACHEL turns and sees graffiti reading: klnq of heLL She cocks her head, noting the capitalized letters reveal a hidden message: SLL.
Catholic schools frown on that shit.
Shit.
JESSE cocks an ear for her reply, but she doesn't answer.
Its engine shuts off.., .and the spoons and dishes stop vibrating.
BOYD knocks on her door.
is bearing down on her.
Damn.
What...  damn.
But RACHEL's shut off, pushing down a storm of emotions.
What's wrong?
I hate this bullshit.
Relax, that's bullshit.
Shit.
Beat.
He hangs up.
No! The WINDOW SMASHES down on the intruder's HAND.
What's wrong?
She hangs up.
He hangs up.
SUPER: WEID NElinA_Y A SCREAMING DEVIL fills the frame.
They're screaming bloody murder as they fire RAW EGGS at...
You're wasting your time.
Beat.
'hat are you, Miss Manners?
Oh, shit.
Your attitude sucks.
He douses his head with water, sits there, looking angry.
Don't call her a skank, don't call her a slut.
What's wrong with you?
SUE's thrown.
SUE, frustrated, it's like punching water with this wo Rachel needs my help.
What's wrong with that?
(a slow boil.)
Let's nail the bitch.
(kicks a can.)
It stops RACHEL in her tracks.
gotta be fuckin' kiddin' mel" No matter what, just say that.
You gotta be fuckin' kiddie' me!
-- RACHEL, MONICA and AMY do their You gotta be fuckin' kiddin' me routine.
JESSE catches a pass, and is immediately slammed hard RACHEL looks like she's been kicked in the gut.
THE HALF-TIME SCOREBOARD and the BULLDOGS trail 7- On the sideline, MARK SMASHES his helmet to the ground.
Damn it.
He told me he was thinking of me when he fucked you.
What the fuck?
ON JESSE -- as he screams again.
The glass doors to the back yard slide SHUT...
The front door SLAMS.
They enter and freeze as the door slams shut behind them, revealing a dead BRAD speared through the throat, pinned to the door.
Stop! Stop it!
It isn't happening, isn't happening...  MARK pulls ERIC by the shirt collar and they careen down... where each of the DOORS ahead of them SLAM SHUT as they approach.
TRACY and BRAD cock their weapons and bring them to their shoulders.
Oh, shit.
The devil's in you.
RACHEL shuts her eyes, gives one last TELEKINETIC PUSH...
And a BODY is flung out the back window like a rag doll, clothes in flames.
As JESSE looks down and his eyes widen in surprise: Somehow, he's scrawled on the notebook paper on the desk in front of him: kINg of HELL Or, if you only look at the capitalized letters, it reads: Around it, the same phrase is written over and over again: kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL kINg of HELL JESSE lowers the dog How did... Trails off as he stares at the page.
DORM ROOM, NOTRE DAME - NIGH a' A LOUD SCREAM as JESSE jerks awake at his desk.
Shit!
Cut.
As soon as they reach their expiration date, those idiots throw it all away, even if you can still eat it for a week!
A beat.
A beat.
Fight!
Ali delivers a few random punches, lifts one of the guys off his feet and grabs another by the collar.
She is about to scream again, but remains silent, although open- mouthed.
He discovers Ali and the blood stains on Stephanie's T- What the hell?
Fuck...
Sam is covered in mud, straw and dog shit.
What the fuck are you up to?
It's disgusting.
She hears a scream.
Chaos.
A beat.
Okay, okay...  Are you Martial?
Leave me alone.
Who the fuck cares?
This is bothering me!
She shuts her eyes.
Fuck that's good!
He hangs up.
Shit, you're not ready!
(annoyed.)
Louise shuts her eyes, visibly exasperated.
(furious.)
Can you cut it out?
Come on... Shut up! Stephanie shuts up.
There is a knock at the door.
The two young women are again left alone.
(to Martial.)
It's Martial.
Tell him to give the website to his mother.
Sam is screaming.
He kicks and bites.
Leave me alone.
Sam refuses to calm down.
Motherfucker's acting like he's on Canal Plus.
(to Martial.)
He freaks me out.
Damn, you hit him!
Cut the shit.
He interrupts himself.
She is standing upright, in a light pair of pants, with her canes hidden behind her back.
Quick fucks?
You're crushing me!
A beat.
You freak her out.
Does it scare you?
She displaces a bloody strand of hair and replaces it with another.
Stephanie is left alone in the car.
I'm going to slap you!
It's Martial.
We're fucked here.
A beat.
Am I wrong?
A beat.
(loud.)
(loud.)
You couldn't know what, asshole?
Tell me something: do you and your buddies fuck every now and then?
Her looks at her. Dammit, stop looking at me that way!
Hey! Stop acting like an idiot.
Do the words bother you?
Shit, I collapsed...  Ali slips out of bed, naked, yawning and groggy.
He puts her down on the bed and lies down next to her.
She stops in front of a door and knocks.
What the hell is going on?
Shit...
Ali is red from the slap, red with shamea until he suddenly straightens up and knocks over the table.
I'm back to being exploited.
Your bag, your coat, your hat, your mittens?
You're annoying me.
I fucked up my hands on the ice.
TIGHTER into the photos, we HEAR PANICKED VOICES, EXPLOSIONS, NOISES OF BRUTAL IMAGES: Through smoke, a desperate MARINE PRIVATE who knows he will never be rescued...  TWO MARINES walk up to a farmhouse door; through the screen we see a MOTHER AND DAUGHTER who know what the news will be... IMAGES: A MARINE COLOUR GUARD carries a COFFIN...   Now we are the coffin as a FLAG drapes down on us.
CHEMICAL WEAPONS BUNKER - INTERIOR HALLWAY - The marines rush up to another steel door and quickly pry it open.
Isherwood yawns; scratches neck with his gun barrel.
IN THE GLASS VESSEL - The cockroaches convulse, flip in the air and explode, guts splattering the vessel walls.
Goodspeed grabs the doll from Isherwood, slams it on the table, and grabs A SCALPEL.
The Ranger pulls the CELL DOOR OPEN/SHUT LEVER (recessed in the wall at the end of cell block.).
Baxter grabs the cell door open/shut lever and yanks it.
The cell doors CLANG shut.
Shouting and yelling.
F.B.I. agent Margie Wood, White House Chief of Staff HAYDEN SINCLAIR, National Security Advisor LOUIS LINDSTROM, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs GENERAL ALBERT KRAMER, Air Force General PETERSON, and C.I.A. Director MILTON AMWAY.
AMONGST THE RUSTY SUPPORT SCAFFOLDS of an old sign from the 120's -- CARLA and GOODSPEED are, to put it delicately, madly passionately athletically fucking.
Director Womack sits with FRANCIS REYNOLDS, 30, an Assistant U.S. Attorney from the Justice Dept.
DIRECTOR WOMACK Stupid, stupid, stupid ....  stares at the pardon contract, thinking.
And WOMACK tears up the pardon Over WOMACK'S SHOULDER, GOODSPEED places THE QUARTER on the floor.
DIRECTOR WOMACK, hanging below, is SCREAMING.
THE STREET AHEAD - DAY MASON'S HUMVEE plows through traffic, hitting the left and right bumpers of the cars in front of it, knocking them aside.
Grabs it.
A BOTTLE SMASHES through the windshield, showering the Patrolmen with glass.
SMASHING WINDSHIELDS.
MASON'S HUMVEE explodes over the crest of a hill at 90 m.p.h. and soars.
SEDAN SLAMS into the frontrunning SEDAN'S..EXPOSED UNDERCARRIAGE.
MASON  throws the wheel swerving to avoid her, and -- -- THE HUMVEEIS BUMPER catches the BACK OF THE CABLE CAR, dislodging its rear steel wheels from the CABLE CAR TPACKS.
So GOODSPEED shoots the fucking air bag.
Punches numbers.
GOODSPEED pulls out his cellular phone, begins punching numbers.
Womack's arm is in a sling; he's in a volcanic rage.
MASON boils.
ROCKET.
Then Shepherd, who SLAMS the door shut.
HUMMEL'S POV - THROUGH BINOCULARS - THE HUEYS AND SEA STALLION, flying low, SCREAM toward the island.
UNDERNEATH THE STEAM ENGINE is a tiny crawl space.
10 STEAM RELEASE VALVES periodically emit BURSTS OF STEAM.
MASON  throws open the thick bulkhead door.
Then it falls ......  BOYER, reacting to THE FALLING TILE, brings up his machine gun and fires A SUSTAINED BURST in its direction -- And all hell breaks loose.
--- THE S.E.A.L.s in the middle of the floor take the brunt of it.
But they're hit.
-- THREE MARINES on the mezzanine are hit and killed.
Thinking fast, MASON  rips the TAC RADIO from Shepherd's helmet, takes his 9 MM PISTOL and MACHINE GUN, and his SAW-TOOTHED KNIFE AND SHEATH, and climbs down.
GOODSPEED has his g gun trained on him.
IN THE TUNNEL BEHIND THEM - A MONSTROUS EXPLOSION blows in the tunnel and knocks MASON  and GOODSPEED to their feet.
(GOODSPEED stops.)
COX, MCCOY, and DARROW fire machine gun bursts at -- sprinting across floor, BULLETS chewing the floor.
rams into it.
MASON SCREAMS at Goodspeed.
The collision knocks MASON off Cart 3, SLAMMING his head against the tunnel wall.
DITCH OF WATER in the tunnel floor.
Royce screams.
A COTTONMOUTH stuck to his neck...  Royce SHRIEKS again ...
Goodspeed grabs the chip and dashes off, slamming through an OLD WOODEN DOOR into the CIVIL WAR RUINS.
Goodspeed, inside the Civil War ruins, levels his gun at the door.
MCCOY He bit the fuckin' thing.
ALCATRAZ - INFIRMARY COMMAND CENTER - MORNING Hummel sits behind the desk.
The atmosphere is now so fucking thick you can cut it.
twitch.
Darrow tries to restrain him, but -- Hummel punches in NEW The V.X.
FIRES through the slit, killing Baxter as -- HUMMEL , gunshot, reels toward the STEEL DOOR behind him.
IN THE CORRIDOR - MASON fires into the command center, sending Frye and Darrow diving for cover.
INFIRMARY COMMAND CENTER - DAY Frye, at the GUIDANCE CONTROL COMPUTER, into walkie talkie.
Cox, McCoy, get your asses up here!
He -pulls out the STRAND OF POISON PEARLS.
FRYE chops at the door lock with a FIRE AXE.
Suddenly THE HUGE LIGHTHOUSE WINDOW behind GOODSPEED EXPLODES, showering GOODSPEED with glass.
MASON bats the rifle aside, KNEES McCoy in the solar plexus, grips McCoyls NECK -- SNAP! -and HURLS him off the roof.
Counter punches.
Is he dying?
Utterly useless.
The guy goes down HARD and -- JAKE hurls himself from the wheelchair, toppling on the guy, getting a grip on him like a pit bull and PUNCHING the crap out of him, right there on the floor.
THE BOUNCER jumps in, trying to drag him off and it goes into SLOW MOTION, everybody yelling and pulling...  THE BOUNCER hurls Jake out the door, sending him SPRAWLING on the pavement.
A SENTRY GUN OPENS FIRE from a tower.
It STABS at him through the chain link with a tail ending in a glistening stiletto.
THE MAN from the balcony -- COLONEL MILES QUARITCH -- is the HEAD OF SECURITY for the Hell's Gate colony.
ADMINISTRATOR PARKER SELFRIDGE takes a ball from a newly opened case of TITLEISTS and sets it on the floor.
He raises the `suit's hand, and slams the canopy shut like the visor of a helmet.
Trudy kills the Samson's TURBINES.
It is a black six-limbed panther from Hell, with an armored head and massive distensible jaws.
Claws SLASH down next to him as he rolls and crawls -- Glistening jaws SMASH and SNAP against the barrier trunks, sending chunks of wood flying.
The beast SCREECHES an ungodly WAIL of pain and rage and -- RIPS the ENTIRE TRUNK away.
The water boils below the cataract.
He YELLS in pain and fury, SLASHING with the knife which -- CUTS deep into the beast's shoulder and it lets go.
A Fury who speaks English -- accented, halting, angry English.
He turns and angrily remounts his direhorse, barking a command to the HUNTERS.
NEYTIRI looks shocked, then angry.
NORM chomps his bacon, fuming.
She points to the stick between her knees.
Norm turns to Grace, his frustration boiling over.
BARKING commands, she SMACKS him on the shoulder, then the elbow, repositioning him roughly.
Norm makes Jake repeat the word, getting more frustrated.
An EXPLOSION OF COLOR as dozens of FAN LIZARDS take flight.
GRACE'S voice stays oddly CALM as he tells this terrible story, while getting MILK out of the refrigerator.
The bolo is coming loose as the creature shakes its head, way pissed off now, but -- Jake scrambles up and leaps straight at it.
He eyes Jake with frustrated hostility.
It banks away with a frustrated SHRIEK.
Jake takes Grace's hand and pulls her up, protesting.
Earth is poured over the LENS and we CUT TO -- JAKE WAKING UP in the Link.
During this, Jake pulls himself from his wheelchair, levering himself into the Link, hauling his useless legs inside.
She slams the lid shut before he can enter and sticks the plate under his nose.
She is screaming at him, frantically trying to wake him, as -- Jake adjusts himself in the link chair.
AVATAR JAKE wakes up to see -- NEYTIRI dragging him, screaming.
PUSH IN ON QUARITCH as his jaw clenches in cold fury.
Tsu'tey points at Jake, his pain shifting to rage.
But Quaritch SLAMS the switch, cutting her off.
Jake presses hard, and Tsu'tey staggers back, stumbling as -- Jake lands a SOLID HIT, dropping him to his knees, just as -- THE INNER DOOR bangs open and QUARITCH stomps toward Grace's Link controls.
Quaritch shoves him aside and SMACKS his fist down on the POWER switch.
JAKE SLAMS OPEN the Link, amped from the fight, furious -- Quaritch PUNCHES HIM HARD.
She SNARLS with primal fury.
Grace's nerve fails.
She is shaking with the enormity of it, her voice cracking with rage and pain -- TSU'TEY yells to his HUNTERS -- They grab Jake, who doesn't resist.
JAKE YELLS to Neytiri, Tsu'tey, the others gathered nearby -- EYTUKAN scowls at Jake, then GRABS TSU'TEY and yells -- Tsu'tey grabs some hunters and runs up the roots of Hometree.
-- the inside of Hometree ERUPTS with multiple EXPLOSIONS of TEARGAS.
Eytukan and the remaining HUNTERS bravely fire at the gunships with their longbows.
INSIDE HOMETREE it is a burning smoky HELL.
SELFRIDGE watches a video feed of the destruction on one of the monitors.
Elsewhere in the smoky Hell, Grace slumps unconscious.
She throws his chair in, and jumps in herself.
It scans for prey below, its magnificent indigo-crested head cocking left, then right.
JAKE SPEAKS, the pain of Grace's death in the passion and fury of his voice.
Its RISING WHINE carries over -- MAGAZINES are slammed into automatic weapons.
It SLAMS through an ampsuit's canopy but -- THE MERCILESS FIRE continues.
SCREAMING down on him is another Scorpion.
It rips through the vines, and tracers FLASH toward us as -- SHE JINKS the banshee around a thundering waterfall but -- HER PURSUER explodes right through the curtain of water.
The door gunners wave at -- TRUDY, her expression grim behind her mask.
The gunners hang half out the doors, firing.
A GUNNER fires from the door of a Samson.
A smoky hell.
Fires burn all around.
He's face to face with its nightmare jaws, right outside his canopy-- On its back is NEYTIRI, and it's a toss up which one looks more pissed off.
Wainfleet's SCREAM is brief.
HUNTERS are shot, falling out of the ship, as others fly in.
The pilot listens to comms from Hell's Gate.
IN THE JUNGLE BELOW, Norm watches her kamikaze run -- TRUDY DIVES, raking through treetops and then, at the last instant, YANKS BACK on the stick and -- THE SAMSON leaps straight up and -- K-KRASH!! SHEARS OFF THE COCKPIT of the Dragon as -- QUARITCH THROWS HIMSELF aft along the aisle and -- TRUDY'S SAMSON disintegrates, the wreckage burning as it tumbles into the jungle.
THE DRAGON lies half submerged.
QUARITCH STABS DOWN AGAIN.
Jake ducks, coming up to meet the next slash and -- SMASHES the knife hand with the cannon once -- twice -- again -- in a furious attack -- knocking the knife flying.
He is reaching inside for the Link when -- JAKE HITS in a flying tackle with every ounce of force he has, knocking the ampsuit sideways and -- JAKE REACHES around the suit, grabbing Quaritch's shoulder and, yanks him forward HARD, SMASHING his face into the edge of the cockpit but -- QUARITCH flings him off with a sweep of his arm, and Jake slams to the ground.
NEYTIRI STANDS -- a FURY released.
The machine TOPPLES off Jake and lies still.
The evicted humans are sullen and angry, like POW's.
This, of course, drove him right up the wail, which I suppose was the point.
Ooh, I hate it when that happens.
Ray is pissed.
All right, who are you, and what the hell do you want from me?!?
It's ridiculous.
He appears slightly annoyed that once again, he is being stared at by all the uniformed employees of the store.
The back of his neck tingles.
Come on, asshole, pitch!
Mark stands up and shoots Ray an accusing look.
Buck realizes that once again he has cursed in front of Karin.
Oh shit.
Annie pulls herself up to her full 5'4" and thrusts an angry finger at. the woman.
Who wants to piss on the Constitution of the United Sates?
So fuck off.
And he slams the door shut again.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to do it this way...  What the fuck is that?
It's a gun.
It's a gun.
Mann stops.
Shit.
Then you are kidnapping me.
Mann picks up a hat, .plops it on his head and heads out the door.
Yeah, I hate baseball.
You're damn right it is.
But why stop writing?
Leave him alone.'
It is headlined: Damn.
'His son, who lives in New York City, notified police after receiving no answer to repeated telephone calls... ' Shit.
He pulls the phone onto the bed and dials What the hell do I tell him.
Hell, I couldn't quit now.
They have reached the foul line where Shoeless Joe waits for them.
What the hell you doing on the sidelines?
He plants himself in the batter's b.ox, then cocks the bat, the top end of it trembling as if he were stirring something, and waits for the pitch.'
You're not only stubborn, you're stupid.
Then you must realize we cannot keep a useless baseball diamond in the middle of rich farmland.
What the hell is she talking about?
Don't do this, you son of a bitch!
You're crazy.
Mark grabs Karin's arm and pulls her to her feet as if she were "Exhibit A." And you've turned your daughter into a goddamn moron!
Suddenly, Karin's diaphragm expands as she sucks in air.
Then you lied to me.
You were kidnapping me at the time, you asshole!
Ray tosses him the ball, picks up a glove lying there, and puts it on.
They throw the ball back and forth.
He grabs his bowling bag and SLAMS it into John's head, knocking him out.
His gun lies on the floor.
Violently.
The Guards SLAM the prison transport doors shut.
Wallace stops, staring at his phone in disbelief.
Choking him.
And failing.
The Guard quickly shuts the door.
Reilly immediately double bolts the door behind him and leads Lindenmeyer through piles of electronic circuitry.
immediately begin adhering to the tubing.
Melancholy turns violent.
Explosions.
Weapons firing.
Bombs exploding.
Detonation.
He raises the gun, placing it against the steamed window.
Annoyed, Madison tosses him the car keys.
Sid 6.7 punches the gas, taking off in a hurry.
He jumps behind the wheel, flooring the accelerator.
A TRAFFIC COP with his weapon trained on Sid 6.7 from a distance.
Uncontrollably.
Parker and Madison turn to each other - shit.
He's lying dead on the floor.
He is shivering.
Parker shuts her up with a look.
The prison transport doors are SLAMMED shut.
They are in midconversation: comes to a stop at a traffic light.
Sore.
He is furious.
She takes out her weapon and stops behind Lindenmeyer.
Savage.
Which throws Sid 6.7 into the compactor.
As Parker climbs up to her, Madison shuts the door to give them a moment of privacy.
Savage.
Which throws Sid 6.7 into the compactor.
Then grabs Sid 6.7 by the throat.
Breaking it.
She clicks back the hammer of her gun and presses the barrel against Lindenmeyer's ear.
Throwing people out of his way.
Over the railing.
She stops being electrocuted.
He kicks the weapon down the sidewalk, then points his gun at Parker's head.
He shoots Parker in his other knee cap, rendering both of his legs useless.
Choking him.
Madison punches the gas.
This really is going to be one hell of a show.
He SLAMS the door behind him.
Parker and Madison splitup, wading through different lanes of traffic.
Startling the already frustrated motorists.
Lock their doors.
He cold cocks her with the butt of his gun.
Daze4.
And together, they start pounding the shit out of it.
I'll be back with your She leaves, goes back puts the order in, mutters to Ginny: Asshole.
Dead to her.
The hand holding the oil lowers...  the oil bottle slips through her fingers and smashes on the floor... Oil spreading across the floor...
Punches the autodialer.
Water is flooding down the barstool; she's miscarried.
I couldn't stand for this to... (destroy our lives.)
She's nothing, she's no-one - You...  Damn it!
Slaps her.
Outrage.
He hits her again, this time with a closed fist.
He's choked up.
Problem is: you want a man man, meaning his veins run thick with testosterone, which is good 'cause he can fuck your brains out but he can also turn around, no warning, and beat your brains out too.
Phil smashes a window.
We hear the door SLAM.
We had to clear the customers out, some ridiculous bomb threat - What? Ginny on the cordless; Phil working nearby - Yeah, right during dinner.
Just as when we're enjoying this comic sight - EXPLOSION behind them - They're thrown TOWARD CAMERA - Debris flying everywhere - They lie on the.
That's a stupid thing to say.
Used to be if I did something nasty, my temper got the better of me?, I'd wonder where the hell it came from.
Gratefully.
Beat.
Who'd convict you?
Who'd prosecute?
Gracie on the floor, coloring.
An insane moment of sustained paranoia.
"Erin" nods, angry at herself: Sorry, kid.
He hangs up.
She tell you how terrible I was?
.as if she smells him.
She punches numbers, opens the door, puts "Queen E." in - Pulls a key from under the mat - Fires the car up, rockets away - Down the block, so far back we're not even sure it means anything, a CHEVY SUBURBAN pulls away from the curb...  Parked in back, near dumpsters.
Oh shit... Three brief FLASHES of -"Erin" being chased out of the city.
Freaked out to drive so fast, "Queen E." screaming, etc. Robbie's Suburban right behind them, closer, closer...  finally slams into their Taurus, knocking them half off the road.
(Too bad.}
Flat voice: I'm hungry.
You had two chances to file a complaint with the police and put his violence on record.
Ginny looks at it with irritation, picks it up - This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever done.
Can you lose?
She lies down.
(to her, irritated} I thought I made it clear you weren't supposed to come here.
Deserted.
Cocks his head.
Irritated, she scribbles the number quickly, hands.it to him - Thanks for everything.
SOUND of the KEY IN THE LOCK - Slim scuttles away as we hear: FRONT DOOR OPENING.
She hangs up.
She throws these in the trash.
And I'm glad you're willing to admit your temper, and - let's not mince words - the physical abuse you subjected me to."
Beat.
Up the steps, punches in his alarm code.
He cocks his head, listening.
Dead.
He punches 911 and pressed SEND.
Whether you're a coward.
You have my guns.
Why not? 'Cause it'd be stupid.
He throws three punches.
So all you've done is further piss me off.
at her - it flies over her head - He punches again and again, wildly.
He rushes at her again, fast - She starts left - He blocks her way - She starts right - Again he's blocking her - She lunges to the left, through a narrow space - He punches, grazing her hair; punches again, just missing, and a third time.
Clearly part of her strategy is to keep him angry: I'm confused, Mitchy.
Smashes her fist against his head - He flies back, bounces vs. the wall.
As he comes off it, she punches him again - He roars with rage, lunges at her, head first, great speed - She hurtles him in the same direction, increasing speed - Right into the opposite wall.
You're okay?!, you beat him?!
Looks insane: bloody, dazed, beaten: but triumphant.
Listen to me, bitch.
His neck snaps.
Beat.
But what can't be wiped away, is the white hot hate that shines in both eyes at the man who stands over her, the "BILL" of the title.
In our age, the men who    shake the planet for    their own power and greed are called    corrupters.
The rain pisses down in buckets in front of the hospital...
She has no idea where the fuck she is.
A look of chagrin crosses her trying-to-be expressionless face, "I've seen a fuck load better than you, fatass."
He hears behind the door a commotion, then Warren SCREAM LIKE A BITCH.
He bangs on the closed door and says; More falsetto SCREAMS behind the door...
His buddy, bloody and lying motionless on the floor, and The Bride lying haphazardly on the bed, in her coma.
She tosses the now brain-dead Gerald to the floor.
WE HEAR THE The Bride is flat on the floor.
Which means she's stuck on the floor with only a functioning top half, and a completely useless bottom half.
He screams.
EX CU CAR KEY in truck door lock, it turns.
She sticks Buck's ignition key in its slot and turns.
Deep in the middle of Fuck-Knows Texas, lit by the headlights of Buck's 4x4, The Bride digs a hole in the ground...... TILL...
w/ ANKLE HOLSTER. 1 double-edged SOG KNIFE w/ HOLSTER 1 MOSSBERG PUMP ACTION SHOT GUN w/ AMMO 1 SILVER STEEL BOOMERANG, w/ a double-sided razor's edge w/ HOLSTER. 1 old fashioned STRAIGHT RAZOR She flips it open, and inside broken down into four separate pieces is a HIGH-POWERED, SCOPE-SIGHT RIFLE.
He YELLS    OFFSCREEN in Japanese agai.
A little BALD JAPANESE MAN with    a shitty attitude, comes out from the back room.
Boss Tanaka brings his fist down on the table, smashing the plate in front of him into itty bitty pieces.
The head hits the floor...
The door to a private dining room is slid open, the crew steps inside, the door is slid shut.
A SPAGHETTI-WESTERN FLASHBACK of O-Ren beating the shit outta her at the wedding chapel IS SUPERIMPOSED OVER HER EYES.
The entire floor of the dining room lies between the two warring parties.
Raising his samurai sword high, he Charges, Screaming A Banzai Scream...
Miki Charging and Screaming...
The sword sticks in the floor half way...
O-Ren her eyes narrow with rage.
This explosion of furious violence is punctuated CINEMATICALLY BY THE COLOR IN THE FILM POPPING OFF, and the fight being filmed in HIGH CONTRAST BLACK AND WHITE, turning the squirting, spewing geysers of BLOOD FROM CRIMSON RED TO Many members of The Crazy 88 are Sliced, Slashed, and liberated from the limbs they were born with at The Bride's blade.
While still on the ground, an Attacker Charges at her. Yanking the Boomerang out of the Dead Boy's Face, She Sends It Flying in the Charging Man's path...  ...Boomerang Twirling Through the Air Close to the Ground...  ...Chopping Off the Charging Attacker's Foot in Mid Step, he falls flat.
He lets out a scream, as she yanks her blade free.
Go Go lets out a horrific scream.
Go Go SCREAMS letting loose of the chain... falling on the floor.
The Bride throws the ball and chain to the floor.
Screams at her "... last line of defense;" is furious, and slaps Mr. Barrel on the shoulder.
A touch of her BRAIN is exposed.
packs her crap inside CU YUKI watches.
Yuki removes the Israel sub-machine gun from behind her back and FIRES A LOUD INTENSE VOLUME of firepower at The Bride.
Yuki hits the gas, firing her machine gun out the window of her car as she speeds down the dead-end street.
The Bride crashes to the floor -- SCREAMING -- blood pours out of her gunshots.
The Bride lying flat on the floor fires her 9mm.
The Bride cocks back the hammer... ... Yuki charging, getting closer...
The Bride FIRES Bullet hits Yuki, stops her for a quarter of a second, but she keeps charging...
I don't know how you got my number, but you can just rip that shit up, because -- -- I've been shot five times -- -- Stop, I don't wanna hear no more.
Then bitch, you better call yourself a ambulance, cause I don't do this shit no more.
Nurse Owens' head pops up from the door in the floor.
The TV is turned up loud to hide the screams.
A crap table has been erected in the middle of the suite.
With her table stick, she pushes the dice to Bill.
Bill looks from the dice to L.F. Bill throws ten thousand dollars on the table, the room reacts.
He holds the dice in his fist... and throws...5...  Bill throws...5... more reaction...more money...
You sell at the bar a half can of warm piss, at twenty bucks a shot.
When I'm through    with you,    you won't have a pot to    piss, or a    window to throw it out    of.
She sets the dice on the table, and moves them in front of Bill with her stick.
From the door Alburt says; He throws....
L.F. is throwing everybody out.
He hangs up.
L.F. O'Boyle hides in her room, holding a gun, pointed at the front door.
His beat-to-shit pickup truck pulls up to the    front, and he climbs out of the automobile.
The owner, TED, yells at him as he walks by.
He walks inside, shutting the door behind him.
This is one white bitch who can kick some serious FUCKIN ass.
Budd's beat-to-shit pickup is in the shot too.
... with a hammer and nails the two men seal the coffin shut.
She reacts again.
The Bride enters, She's winded from climbing up those fuckin steps.
However, whenever     MANDARIN is supposedly spoken, it comes out of their mouths     as DUBBED ENGLISH like in a 70's Shaw Brothers Chop Socky     Flick.
She ATTACKS with a wild cat's fury.
As she STRIKES and he BLOCKS... he yells out; With little effort on his part, he reaches out and GRABS her wrist, TWISTS...She's on the floor, with her arm stuck out in the air behind her, her wrist still between his fingers.
His right fist is cocked back by his breastplate, he's concentrating on a certain spot on the wall.
He lets out a SCREAM, and puts his fist THROUGH THE WALL.
She HITS it.
She looks at her fucked-up hand, then to the wall, hesitating.... Then Pai Mei's behind her.
At NIGHT punching the wall in front of her in her sleep.
he says in ENGLISH; She immediately goes down to her knees; He just as immediately, lifts her back up.
With each Strike she lets out a KARATE SCREAM...
And AGAIN... Her FIST SMASHES into the wood, leaving BLOOD on the lid...
She shuts off the car and the radio.
Budd shuts the blender off.
Elle looks down, Budd    lies on his back on the kitchen floor at her feet.
EX CU: ONE SILVER BLADE with a smudge of CRIMSON BLOOD on its We feel a count of Two Mississippi...  BLOOD begins to PROJECTILE SPRAY out of a slice in Elle's neck only a quarter of an inch long.
Fuck the charade, storm the camp, kill everyone she comes across, send Bill to hell, scoop up her daughter, and head for parts unknown.
The Bride explodes; What the hell do you care what I talk in?
The morning I left, I threw up.
The BLAST DESTROYS the side of the room it HITS.
The Bride comes up from the floor with her SOG in her hand, and THROWS IT across the room at Karen...  Karen BLOCKS the thrown knife with her shotgun.
He screams a samurai scream... and charges her...
She mumbles to herself.
The newspaper business is hell.
You're a freak.
She smiles at an angry ELDERLY LADY sitting across from her.
Crosswords only care if you're an idiot.
Assholes!
He throws his gas mask down, storms off.
Wasted!
She's completely annoyed - more at the question than the mess.
Her mother yells to her.
She's nuts.
You ever want to see grandchildren, you better burn the damn boots.
Who the hell is Steve anyway?
No wait, I don't care, but I do care that you pissed off our readers.
It's He's too frustrated, the words aren't coming Creativo?
Steve nods to Hartman - thanks asshole.
This is nuts.
Disrespect.
One of many that perform in the show, and the first innocent victim of a rogue knight's rage...
That guy was such an asshole.
Crap! Crap, crap, crap!
Road kill?
Now he's disturbed.
She's hot.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Which one of you bastards hid my bronzing shimmer?
What if next time I say Baby Peggy is like the wishbone of her parents' dispute?
Over by the fence.
Is she hot?
Can you blame him?
Who? Go to hell, Hughes.
Where do you get this shit?
Is that her? She's hot.
Steve punches him through the seat.
You're an asshole, Hughes.
About all the crap you told her.
Stop it, you guys!
A furious Corbitt holds the phone and replays the live shot of Hartman at the court house.
So loud.
If he doesn't appreciate you it's ridiculous to - Mary screams into the phone.
Ridiculous?
The rain is deafening, the wind ridiculous.
Hartman points in the water, yells.
You're such an asshole.
Steve walks off the pier mad as hell.
Hang on.
Who the hell are you?
Storm's over.
Where the hell were the cicadas?
They're deaf, asshole.
Asshole!
SECURITY PERSONNEL guard the closed entrance and turn away pissed off FAIR PATRONS.
The crowd goes nuts.
Mr. Horowitz snaps the TV off, furious and worried.
An upset Mrs. Horowitz cracks open the curtains, looks outside.
That's ridiculous.
The rescuers stop in their tracks.
The rope we've got on there now will handle a small load -- if that damn crane holds.
That's where I fit.
The crowd goes nuts.
And does it fit?
top.location.href=location.href
With the outer tube-doors torn off, seawater slams in, busting the inner hatches.
The great sub is being hauled down by the mass of its flooded bow section, its flanks rushing past us like a freight train headed for Hell.
The Exec opens the door to a small box and punches a button.
A tiny transmitter is ejected from the sub's hell and begins its long ascent to the surface.
VARIOUS QUICK CUTS, just flashes and impressions, as...  Seawater blasts down the corridors -- Explodes across the control room, hurling men like dolls -- Floods the cavernous missile bay in seconds -- Bursts through hatches into the reactor room -- Blasts men OUT OF FRAME in a micro-second.
He picks up the phone...  punches down a line.
One Night makes a grab for his butt with the manipulator claw, which he narrowly avoids.
Her nylons are ruined.
Lindsey enters in a blast of wind, wet as a wharf rat and twice as pissed off.
It sways and gyrates above the furious water below.
Then...  WHAM!  Coffey's foot comes down on the lid, slamming it shut.
Darkness.
Now really pissed off at himself, he reaches into the toilet bowl, wrist deep in the chemical-blue water, and salvages the ring.
The rat is annoyed, but otherwise alright.
Flatbed surfaces in boiling foam.
It EXPLODES with smoke and shrapnel.
SIRENS, SCREAMING, a KLAXON HOOTING moronically.
The place is going nuts.
Lew Finler, Tommy Ray Dietz, and Lupton McWhirter fight their way toward the door as the drill room floods rapidly.
FROM THE FAR SIDE, we can see them screaming soundlessly at the tiny pressure window in the door.
Together they somehow heave the door shut manually, cutting off the flow.
Bud's anger is not dispelled.
Little Geek rises up through the open central hatch, pivoting in a circle to scan the flooded interior.
Bud weary and frustrated.
Hands behind his back.
In his hand, cocked, finger on the trigger, is the .45.
The snoring stops.
A beat.
VARIOUS ANGLES -- CORRIDORS, MESS HALL, LADDERWELL, MAINTENANCE...  as the body of the pseudopod collapses, splashing on the floor.
His expression is Holy Shit.
Then turn turns quickly to go...  WHAM!  Coffey slams him up against the wall!
Lindsey yells at the screen in frustration.
Really pissed off beyond description, Bud hurls the commando off him with a powerful heave, sending him clattering against a rack of equipment.
Throw a few things.
Coffey has his fist cocked back for the coup de grace.
CRACK!
Catfish's 'Hammer' punch comes in so hard and so fast, Coffey is knocked right on his ass.
Bud has his 'hat' locked down and his air cut on.
Coffey is smashed sideways by the shock.
Bud flops over the lip of the hatch and slams it shut.
They are slammed viciously as Coffey's submersible hammers into them.
He smacks her the other way.
Lindsey wants to scream...  to stop this madness.
He hits another outcropping, limp as a rag doll.
How bad is he?
WORTH Lindsey's voice has twisted into a sob.
Breathing fluid explodes from his lungs.
Various reactions, as the thunder fades and people recover, only to stand awed before the vast, inexplicable manifestation.
McBride turns to Commodore DeMarco and the Navy contingent, his eyebrows cocked.
Slow massive roils of tremendous power boil up from the depths.
He stops and she touches him, lightly.
Fumbles.
SCREAMS.
YELLS.
Are you a complete idiot?!
Wrong.
Damn.
That's what's wrong with it.
THUMP.
Jealous?
That would have sucked.
(slaps him on the back.)
Another NEIGHBOR, in his robe, stands in the street watching...  Millers got robbed again.
Behind John, eight puppies and their owners are chatting before the class begins.
But they can't when their owners are weak-willed.
She's livid.
Poor son-of-a-bitch.
He can't let go as angry drivers behind them are now starting to swerve around them.
You dick, you ruined me."
What'd I do wrong?
Debby SCREAMS.
The CREAKING is terrible.
It's the shrieks of over-sexed souls in hell.
They frustrate her and she ends up beating the ground with them until she throws them down.
She's losing it.
Marley sleeps beside it as we hear A KEY IN THE LOCK and he gets to his feet, greets John as he comes through the door.
He said not to scream or he'd stab me, but I screamed...
(before she can react.)
After one of us gets stabbed in the driveway?
I don't want you changing him when you're mad.
I must look like hell...
Stress?
You ruined it!
Right after she kills me.
quietly backs out of the room and shuts the door.
He called me an ungrateful quizzling and threw a stapler at me.
Several innocent bystanders are knocked off their feet.
What's wrong?
Also, there's a good chance that every piece of advice I ever gave you, may in fact be total crap.
What's wrong?
She lies down with them.
Marley is lying on the dining room floor, breathing heavily.
Charley, stop it.
Charley rolls over, leaping to his feet, frustrated as hell.
Miffed again, Amy turns and stomps out of the room, the front DOOR heard SLAMMING behind her a moment later.
Eis :name is EVIL ED THOMPSON and he's tall and thin with a terrible complexion and a personality to match.
What's wrong?
Buzz off, Evil.
He stops behind the girl, sweeping her hair back, exposing her tender, young neck.
Oh, Charley, I have to be at work at He hears a CAR DOOR SLAM in the yard next door.
A what? (frustrated as hell A vampire, damnit!
But I sure as hell am going to tell them about the two women -- .)
That's a lie.
The kid's crazy, officer.
He hops in his-car, slamming the door behind him as Charley hovers by the window.
Evil! Evil Ed sits at his desk,.
There's no reason to be rude.
Be bursts through the door and scoops up the phone, punch- ing out a number frantically.
Yeah, and I nailed my.window shut.
The NOISE IS LOUDER now, spookier, more insistent.
Be opens his mouth to scream.
With a hiss of frustrated fury, the vampire whirls, throws open Charley's door, and dashes out into the hail.
But, Mr. Vincent, I'm telling the Peter stops before his car, on outrageous old clunker, and fishes out his keys.
Now leave me alone.
He opens the door only to have Charley slam it shut, star- ing at Peter desperately.
Amy and Evil Ed push open the door and step inside,'Amy yelling up the steps.
Amy and Evil Ed walk through the door and stop, gasping at what they see.
The window is nailed shut,.
He's insane.
Re's planning to kill him.
He can change into a bat and fly through the night -- Peter stops on the porch, knocking on the door, listening to the boy with half an ear.
Charley, there's no reason to be rude about this -- (raising a placating hand.)
Are you calling me a liar, young man?
It smashes to the hardwood floor with a crash.
What's wrong with you?
He stops by his car, fumbling his keys-out of his pocket, hardly able to fit them into the lock with his trembling hands.
Oh, shit, Brewster, you're certifiable, you know that.
Evil Ed stops before the open mouth to a shadow encrusted alleyway.
What if you're wrong, Evil?
Aw, fuck you, Brewster.
It's Evil Ed.
Kill me, Charley.
Charley springs to his feet, furious with him.
You asshole, you fucking asshole!
You'll get yours someday, Evil.
Evil Ed yells after him.
With a scream, Evil Ed turns and runs.
shoulder in the direction of Evil Ed's scream.
Five bucks apiece.
He and Amy race through the mad house of a kitchen, one of the COOKS glancing up from chopping lettuce as they speed pass.
There is a KNOCK at Peter's locked and barred door.
Me, Evil Ed.
Be pulls Evil Ed into the room, hurriedly locking and bar- ring the door behind him.
Evil Ed snarls at him.
God damn him.
Hey, watch out,.asshole!
The parody of biker throws him to the floor for the insult, his friends, walking par- odies of bikers, laughing at Charley as he leaps to his feet and backs away into the crowd.
Jealous?
close to ecstasy, her eyes glazed, staring up at him with adoration, giving herself to him as she cocks her head to one side, exposing her tender young throat.
You filthy son-of-a-bitch -- !
You shouldn't lose your temper, Charley.
Jerry steps toward Amy, his face beginning to darken with rage, the MUSIC pulsating around them, people swirling by on all sides.
Jerry snarls, his eyes beginning to glow, his hair slicking back slightly, the hint of fangs beginning to protrude over his upper lip as rage overtakes him.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Here, grab this.
(repressing a sob.)
Am I lying, Amy?
He gently pushes her head down on his shoulder, exposing her tender young neck.
this horrid, greedy, SUCKING NOISE, Jerry Dandrige, feeding.
(cutting him off.)
What's wrong?
Are you crazy?
With a scream, Charley smashes through the.
Peter smashes through the front door, yelling up the stairway.
He grabs the phone from the table and punches out a number, speaking hurriedly into it.
With a scream, Peter whirls and plunges out of the room.
The wolf tumbles through the air in a blur of fur and fangs, down and down until suddenly Evil Ed smashes into the hardwood floor below with a terrible THUD.
Charley suddenly leaps for him, furious with rage.
Charley crumples to the floor, stunned.
were he to scream.
Peter FIRES, the bullet punching a neat hole through Billy's forehead.
Dandrige freezes, his face darkening with fury.
He gently turns her over to expose lengthening bicuspids as Peter sticks his head out the window.
Charley screams up at him.
She whirls, huge fangs flashing, dripping hungry saliva, and dives for his exposed throat.
She begins to walk toward him, her sexual interest in Charley gone, replaced by mad, driving hunger.
She suddenly leaps for him, .stabbing
Dandrige turns on Peter, his face con- vulsed with hatred.
He leaps for him, smashing him into a wall, about to sink his fangs into Peter's neck as Charley watches.
pk Rev. 11/16/84 102. it hits Jerry Dandrige squarely in the back, whirling him away from Peter, picking him up and throwing him across the room, slamming him into the far wall, pinning him there several feet above the floor.
away, the vampire's body suddenly EXPLODES in a whooshing ball of flame that incinerates him instantly, leaving nothing behind but the ECHOING SCREAM of a soul finally going to hell.
With a quizzical shake of his head, Charley slams the window shut and turns to her.
Oh shit!
Plus my eulogy sucks.
I hate funerals.
I used to piss my pants too, but I stopped.
Oh, damn.
If you hate funerals so much why are you coming?
The guy gets up.
She grabs him and pulls him into the car.
Aaron turns away frustrated.
(then to Jeff.) Go put your damn pants on.
Oh damn.
Where the fuck have you been, you fat bastard?
Shut up, Jeff.
What the hell are you talking about?
Stop the car, Norman.
Stop the car.
Norman reluctantly stops the car.
I'm not a God damn credit agency!
Did he put in the cable?
Elaine doesn't know what the hell is going on.
I'm gonna suck it.
I'm gonna to suck it.
Yes! Come in! Michelle is frustrated.
Duncan looks pointedly at Elaine, irritating her.
Terrible.
Norman, shut up.
Norman is irritated by this.
What the hell is going on?!
She stole my parking space!
Stole your parking space?!.
What the hell is wrong with you?! Ryan, no! Elaine attempts to grab Ryan.
Dad, leave it alone!
Leave it alone?!
Are you crazy?
What a load of bullshit.
Maybe from shellfish, nuts...  Duncan heads further out of the room, but Norman won't give up.
Nuts?
Then he slaps himself.
(he screams at himself in the Elaine has her ear pressed against the door.
She hears the scream.
God damn!
Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!
Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!
Aaron gets angry.
I don't have time for your shit.
How can she be more interested in that idiot than me?
I hear they steal the shoes.
Who the hell is he?
Shut the goddamn door!
I told you to lock the damn door.
You said "shut the damn door."
He's blackmailing you?
Ah shit!
Jeff, what the hell are you doing with this stuff?
Why didn't you just pay him the money?! Why did you tie him up?! Do you want Mom to find out?! What is wrong with you?
We hear their muffled argument through the door.
This is what you do: you walk up to her, slap her-- Slap her?
I'm in a wheelchair, you idiot!
Open the damn door!
ANGLE ON: Norman's hand has shit on the fingers.
He starts freaking out and screaming.
Jeff opens the door and rushes in, but is stopped in his tracks by Norman's shitty hand.
Norman turns and we see he has shit splattered on his face.
He freaks out.
He's dead.
There's a knock at the door.
Norman locks the door behind them.
Oh shit!
He's dead!
What the hell did you do to him?
He's four fucking feet tall.
Oh shit.
How could you forget?! What the hell is wrong with you?! Another loud bang on the door.
What the hell is wrong with you?
What the hell is going on in this place?
Several people scream.
What the hell are you doing in my Dad's coffin?
Oh please...  oh shit, I gotta take this.
She playfully slaps him.
What the shit?? (she whispers to Jesse.)
Jess, that place is insane.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What the fuck are YOU TWO doing?? What do you mean?
It's fucking weird!
Crazy.
She's being ridiculous; it's fine.
Prick.
The more we consume crap, the more we want crap.
Well, do me a favor and get your fuck on before you meet the next guy.
It's brutal.
They're killing me.
I think it's stupid that you're not together.
What the fuck?
That was fucking rude.
(hangs up.)
Fuck Sweden!
Crying, frustrated.
Fuck me!!! Do you think they intentionally pick a random piece of furniture to make totally unbuildable, just to fuck with you??! Thank you!
Fucking lay-up.
Only to... god, I'm so stupid.
What the fuck?
Shit.
The universe is fucking weird, Celeste.
She gently shuts the door.
She silently begins to sob, mouth open, eyes shut tight.
Simple means dumb.
Speaking of robot, who the hell designed this place?
Why am I breaking out?
So you pissed in your pants?
Well, the guy who won shit his pants, so...
I'll sign the fucking papers.
You're ridiculous, this place is ridiculous.
Fucking vegan kelp cashew bullshit.
What the fuck is this place anyway.
Jesse's a fucking vegan??
What, the fucking clothespin thing?
I should break up with me.
Fuck.
I need to fucking drink.
(yells to Celeste.)
She flips through it.
Shit.
Shit shit shit.
Ow!!! Shit! Celeste?
Are you mocking me?
What the fuck.
Does Riley think we're that stupid??
For the record, I fucked up.
You're a fucking coward.
I rooted for you, I fucking paid for everything, I did everything for you!
Wrong?
Shit'll get better.
That shit is powerful.
It's the fucking booooooomb.
These guys are in for a fucking dogfight, right?
What the fuck does Riley Banks know.
I never hung up, I never hung up! Fuck! Do you think she... Hey Riley, what's up?
Fucking ass hole.
It looks tedious and ridiculous.
She makes up songs about how shitty the traffic is.
You fuck her? Thanks, Tom.
Fuck! Jesse?
Celeste is aggressive.
Will you get a condom?
We WILL make the cock in the butt work for us.
The cock in the butt will be huge!
A beat.
Aw shit!
What the fuck?
There is not a lot of talking but there is a lot of loud paper shuffling and ball point pens.
I am a fuck up.
Shit is emotional.
And eat my hat.
She stops speaking.
And the person with the disagreeable expression?
You've liked many a stupider person.
Mrs Bennet is stopped in her tracks.
This is ridiculous.
A beat.
I dislike excessively being ill myself.
A violent cold, but we shall get the better of it.
How shall we punish him for such a speech?
A beat.
A beat.
He ruined me.
How cruel!
Detained?
(beat.)
Mr Bennet shuts the lid.
a MR BENNET Mrs Bennet makes sure everyone leaves, winks at Mr Collins then shuts the door before Elizabeth has time to do anything.
We here a kick and Kitty screach from behind the door.
- we shall have this little hiccup dealt with immediately, Mr Collins.
It's too dreadful!
A beat.
(as the devil.)
My mother would have no objection but my father hates London.
A beat.
She is in a turmoil of misery and fury.
He struggles on.
Do you deny it, Mr Darcy?
a Indifferent?
He is in turmoil.
What excuse can you give for your behavior to him?
Are you all mad?
For this, just now, she hates him.
And now she is ruined.
We are ruined.
Ruined.
Darcy goes inside and the door shuts.
For the shooting.
Oh damn, damn, buggery, damn.
Damn and blast, oh buggery, damn.
Mrs Bennet and the girls throw open the double doors to the drawing room and come crashing in.
More noise, it sounds like a carriage, then a loud banging on the door downstairs.
You have, insulted me in every possible method and can now have nothing further to say.
Without warning Terminator hammer-punches him in the temple with blinding speed.
An angry, inarticulate DRUNKARD'S MONOLOGUE rises occasionally above the rain sounds.
He vaults the escalator rail, leaving the amazed cop lying on the floor.
Cautiously, he opens the door of the cruiser, removes the RIOT GUN, an Ithaca pump model, from the dash rack and slips it under his coat.
MOVING WITH A GIRL on a MOPED as she zips through traffic.
ANGLE - TIGHT ON LOCKER DOOR as it slams shut, revealing Sarah transformed into a "Bob's Girl".
A fist punches through the window, shattering it.
With a blow from the heel of his hand Terminator smashes loose the ignition assembly and strips the wires with a brutal twist of his fingers.
In the process of setting down all the plates Sarah knocks over someone's water glass.
from under his jacket and snaps the cocking slide.
In deep B.G. Sarah slips in through the door and waits against the wall while the human dynamo, GINGER VENTURA, leads the class energetically.
Sarah feigns outrage.
Guns and searchlights swivel.
Reese's partner rises, poised to throw hers.
They're driving through the ruins, up and over and through.
The gun can now be fired.
C.U. - PUGSLEY, as the GREEN IGUANA cocks its head, blinking vapidly.
She punches PLAY and a MALE VOICE is heard.
He and Traxler enter their office and shut the door.
AN EXPLOSION OF SPLINTERS in close F.G. as a shape smashes through the door right in front of her... Matt's body propelled halfway through the door by enormous force.
Sarah screams as the .45
Sarah stops screaming.
In the sudden silence, the sound of him cocking the shotgun is abnormally loud.
The car EXPLODES, filling the alley with fire.
Punches into the windshield.
Reese slams her back in the seat and slaps her.
Reese's tone is equal parts hatred and respect as he replies.
The grey sedan moves through traffic like a hell-bent wraith.
He handles the car with nerves of steel.
Out of action.
Like a shot she unlatches the seatbelt, pulls the door lock and has the door half open before Reese can react.
Slowly, without releasing her, he reaches across with his other hand and shuts the door.
Reese uses the butt of the shotgun to smash loose the ignition assembly.
The Sergeant hits a button and there is a loud BULL-CLACK.
Several cops and late night loiterers scatter as a car smashes into the foyer.
Kicks it in.
Shots are echoing in the hallway as Vukovich whips open the door, startling the hell out of Sarah.
He turns the locking knob and slams the door.
Leaving her alone.
Terminator stops before another door.
He BLASTS the lock with the riot-gun.
There is the RHYTHMIC THUNDER of the shotgun, rattling AUTOMATIC FIRE, SCREAMING, and the sound of RUNNING FEET.
More SHOTS.
An innocuous, RAG-DRESSED MAN flips back his poncho to reveal a powerful PLASMA-RIFLE.
Reese whirls reflexively at a SCREAM behind him.
She punches him soundly on the shoulder and storms off.
Sarah point to the directory page lying on the table.
A flap of skin dangles from his cheek, which exposes some of the DRIVE CABLES which move the lips.
A MIDDLE-AGED MAN with a torn T-shirt covering his paunch knocks on the door.
The door is KICKED OPEN.
Sarah lies on the seat, clutching the nylon satchel, which bulges with the explosive charges.
Snaps the cylinder shut.
Ahead lies a LONG, SWEEPING CURVE, two lanes wide and elevated.
Sarah SCREAMS.
GLASS behind her EXPLODES with gunfire.
Terminator smashes to the pavement in the middle lane and lies there, face-down.
Again and again, furiously.
FULL SHOT - The leviathan dwarfs them, its big tires ROARING like the hubs of Hell.
STOPS MOVING.
Starts throwing switches.
Reese slips to the floor and Sarah is no longer able to support him.
Yells over the machines.
Sarah wants to scream this time, from the depths of her soul, but there is no scream, only a dry shivering sob.
She clenches her teeth to keep from screaming as she WAITS.
E.C.U. - BUTTON, as her bloody finger stabs it down.
The PRESS SCREAMS, jamming solid.
She looks up as the doors are latched shut.
Beyond lies an expanse of scrub desert.
Too bad.
What the hell were you thinking?
Rick turns away, annoyed.
Fred trains his eyes back on Coffee Girl and SQUINTS What the hell are you doing?
Jesus Christ, guys, give it a rest.
It's obnoxious.
Ed PUNCHES A CODE into a keypad and the WALL SLIDES OPEN revealing a SAFE ROOM.
I figured that when I c jot married that would be it, but it wasn't--the thing,doesn't give two shits about marriage.
You're full of shit.
Why can't you just accept the fact that your wife is a goddamn saint, Rick?
Oh, shit--I forgot to take the trash out.
PAN to Fred's front steps where we see a HANDCUFFED Fred standing meekly as the two Police Officers confer with a furious-looking Grace (in her bathrobe.)
Where the hell'd you get those?
Hog-Head takes a brownie and BITES INTO IT.
Hog-Head takes ANOTHER BITE.
Hog-head... ?
Rick and Fred are in the seats, while Gary and Hog-head HANG OFF THE BACK.
Without slowing down, Rick TURNS SHARPLY TO THE RIGHT and Gary and Hog-head TUMBLE OUT OF THE CART.
He's a strapping 22-year-old first baseman from Puerto Rico with a perpetual SHIT-EATING GRIN.
I hate to break it to you but your old man's the one who's been taking all the money--he's a thief.
All right, the hell with this shit, I'm outta here.
Rick and Fred are at the bar looking TIRED and FRUSTRATED.
(mocking.),
Fred mouths the word 'shit', then picks up the receiver.
He sits there for a BEAT, then grabs his keys and GOES OUT THE DOOR.
standing outside with a shit-eating grin.
The Metrosexual shoots Rick an annoyed look.
As the naked men help him across the room, we ANGLE ON - two TANNED, HAIRLESS METROSEXUAL ASSES flanking Rick's HIRSUTE BUTT.
If we can't get the job done with Coakley as our wingman, then we're pathetic.
My two favorite nutsuckers--how the hell are ya?!
She looks suddenly annoyed.
Now if you was born before 1980 you're gonna want to step off the floor 'cause we're about to kick it up.
Then she's insane--run for the hills.
Fuck you, Fred! Missy STORMS away.
We can hear 'Rage Against The Machine' BLASTING from the street.
Let me get this straight--you gave him his freedom and now you're mad that he's acting free?
There's two kinds of guys who cheat on their wives: The guy who does it behind her back, and a guy like you who has his wife's permission.
Whoa!!! What the hell... ?! Wannabe turns to them, a CRAZED LOOK on his face.
You moron, that's Lny car!
Oh shit.
King Magnus and the Duke trade a look - From what hell comes this army?
A hell they'll soon revisit!
As my people were destroyed.
As my family was destroyed.
As I would have been destroyed.
The Guard holding Ravenna pulls a dagger and puts it to Ravenna's throat, which stops her mother.
A few seconds later the door CLANGS SHUT.
The Guard clangs the cell door shut and walks away.
I should have killed her as a child.
she jumps down, lies in her bed again just as -- Finn unlocks her door, leaving the key in the lock, and walks into the cell.
Finn reacts, grabs his face in pain, yells and Snow White kicks him and runs for the door, locking it behind -- Snow White hurtles down the steps to Greta's cell.
She hurries into another tower, bolting the door shut behind her, and charges down the steps.
A hanging vine reaches down and touches her like a hand and now she runs -- More terrors rage at her from the swirling mist.
She SCREAMS and slaps him viciously.
THE SOUND OF SMASHING WOOD.
Eric reacts instinctively, grabbing her by the throat.
The others turn as they hear a scream but there's no sign of their companion now, just the bubbling water.
He'll betray you - Shut up! - He'll kill us both - I said, shut up!
Butcher him!
What the hell's going on?
Leaving her alone.
You're trouble.
He grabs the stick back.
A fumee.
Fumee.
Eric runs at the Troll.
The TROLL looms over her, but she doesn't retreat.
If I had you'd be dead.
Everything I've ever cared about was destroyed.
I am to blame.
She bites one of her captors and he twists her arms behind her back.
He smacks Eric with a gnarled stick.
The dwarves are grouped together, arguing and occasionally throwing angry glances toward Eric.
Shut it, you hedge pig.
Shut your ugly mug, huntsman.
Do you hate the Queen?
Hate's a strong word.
Nion raps Eric's knee with the flat of his dagger.
Eric charges into Finn with a cry of rage.
Driven by fury, Eric charges again, but Finn uses his anger against him, ducking under the vicious blow and landing a brutal one of his own -- Eric crashes into another tree.
His eyes are still full of hatred but his body is weak.
And fighting.
He's desperate now, irrational -- You are dwarves, healers, save her!
He suddenly stops as the SHOUTS outside the tent get louder.
She is dazed.
Shredding the stone, the Faerie explodes in shards and reforms immediately behind Eric.
The table shatters in splinters, William bouncing like a rag doll.
So much power, so much hate.
Nell explodes in outraged fury, startling us.
KNOCK KNOCK.
Richie, lying on the couch like he's sick, raps on the wall with a wooden CANE and squeals: Nell REACTS, but rather than being amused or annoyed, a wave of TRAUMA flickers over her face.
The battering has stopped.
He hangs up.
Forbidding.
Nell kills her car, gets out, instructions in hand.
The MOANING stops.
She throws it open, stands back.
A beat.
She backs away from the window, spins around -- -- and out of the darkness, powerful, mad, looms the visage of Hugh Crain.
The FLOOR begins to MOVE like a slow turntable.
Now they're bonded.
Theo grabs to stop her, and Nell sees the door is DEADBOLTED.
Nell charges the door, screaming: SILENCE.
Theo SCREAMS.
The BANGING stops.
With a RUSH, whatever is outside the door is no longer there.
Nell starts for it, grabs Theo's door, but it's designed to be locked from the BATHROOM SIDE.
Theo grabs her back into -- -- her bedroom and slams the door.
The door to the bathroom is shut.
The door to the hall is shut.
Luke lets the door shut, turns off the faucet.
Nell shuts the door.
The door shuts after him.
Its eerie, repetitive screep cutting to the nerve.
Holy shit.
Nell slams out of the room, skidding as the door slams behind her.
Frustrated, he continues on.
It is as if the oils on the PAINTING OF HUGH CRAIN have been boiled by a heat gun and blasted off, running down from there.
Nell SCREAMS and runs away, the others calling out after her in alarm.
Theo starts getting pissed.
Nell grabs for the door to leave.
The door behind her SLAMS OPEN in a gust of wind, jolting Nell.
Disturbed by it.
More and more crosses.
She stops five feet from the mantle.
In the b.g., the door to the bathroom is shut, barely visible in the faint light from the window.
HER FEET ARE COVERED IN GORE.
The door to Theo's bedroom is shut.
Nell stoops in the darkness and the faucets squeak shut.
Theo falls SCREAMING.
Theo still SCREAMING, lying on her back before the fireplace, rams her feet against it.
The screen punches out at them, denting.
And without warning she leaps to her feet in SHOCKING rage.
She stalks around the room, and then slows, staring at what she's done, the rage draining out of her.
Betrayal.
Nell fights back the scream in her throat.
Nell recoils as the trapdoors SNAP SHUT like a pair of jaws.
It makes Nell stop.
She regards the terrible doors.
She shuts her ears to it.
Marrow shoots him a look: shut up.
Nell bucks in his arms, furious, desperate.
Nell begins to wail in helpless rage.
Theo turns up to Marrow, intense, furious with him.
Nell's hysterics have stopped.
Dead on her.
Nell stops.
Nell hits the floor with a scream.
NeIl explodes from her room, a flying fury of hate.
The window is smashed, lamp on the floor.
The door slams open below.
She hangs there.
After we scream, NELL SCREAMS.
She grabs on.
The bulges in the wall DROOP to the floor.
A SCREAM tears out of Nell's throat.
They're stricken by the sight: Nell SCREAMING, held by the headboard as the deformed ceiling dips over her, the room THRUSTING at her rhythmically.
The car SMASHES into it... and is STOPPED, collapsing, twisting in a deafening hail of steel and glass.
Luke gets the seatbelt off, tries to open the door but it's warped shut.
The passenger door is jammed shut too.
Nell stands before the threshold of the horrific doors, once locked, now inexplicably OPEN.
Nell stands there in the darkness, sensing the expanse of the room, turning...  and kicking something on the floor.
The DOOR BAMS SHUT with a concussion that rocks the entire room, sweeping Luke's jacket under it.
The HANDLES TURN, LOCK DOWN.
Luke YELLS and throws himself at the front doors.
Marrow throws the useless thing down and stands back.
They hustle over to it.
Luke throws down the chair, giving up on the window.
At last, his rage spent, heaving, he moves to join the others at the center of the room.
A sob.
Theo SCREAMS and SCREAMS again.
What is coming at them makes the blood stop.
THE BLOW HAS KILLED HER.
This is the printing press in Hell.
The men dive aside as the jib smashes into the deck like an exploding bomb.
LIGHTNING throws his face into a stark relief map of pain and fury: blood is streaming from his hairline, freezing in his eyes, staining his teeth.
He attacks a guy-rope with primal fury, CAMERA rising and falling with the motion of his axe.
WALTON and the others spin to look as A PANORAMIC SHOT OF THE BARENTS SEA reveals a magnificent vista of storming fury.
It's as if Hell had erupted through the floor of the Earth in the form of ice.
Walton cocks his rifle.
A single bullet to the brain ends its misery, punching a halo of blood onto the ice.
CAMERA TRACKS past, moving steadily toward the dimly-glowing window of Walton's cabin...  ...where we find Walton and Grigori in tense discussion: Walton pulls a pistol from his drawer and slams it flat on the table before him.
She giggles as a big one knocks her flat.
A storm is raging, rain drumming the glass.
We hear SCREAMING in the house.
Victor lets out a sob of anguish.
She glares at both of them.
A shiver.
She shivers.
Beat.
The tavern is packed with students and noise.
Waldman starts throwing switches.
Waldman shuts the thing down, strips off his gloves, his arm at the array of wires and batteries.
Exquisite silverware goes CLINKING SOFTLY onto polished wood as: TILT UP to reveal the expansive dinner table being set for guests.
Kicking.
Twitching.
Absolutely jangling with noise and confusion...  loud and stifling... people getting eye-ear-nose-throat exams...  being vaccinated...
Dazed.
Snaps it shut.
Pissing down rain.
It THUMPS heavily to the floor, cracking in half.
A WOMAN lies on a table, screaming as she goes into labor.
Glowering.
Dazed.
He turns, runs to the electrical rig, shutting the whole thing down.
A bare whisper: And then hell breaks loose: Massive convulsions wrack the sarcophagus, damn near shaking it off its cradle.
THUD! Again and again.
Dazed.
It clatters to the floor.
Beat.
Paralyzed.
He sinks to the floor.
Abandoned.
Grabs it.
Ravenous.
Too stunned to scream.
The woman SCREAMS like she'll never stop.
...faces which turn into an angry mob, glaring sheer hatred.
Fires are burning.
Waiting for his mother to rise.
HUNTERS shouting.
It BLAZES UP.
The Creature throws himself on the old man's lap, clutching him, pleading: Felix bursts in, shoving Maggie aside, hell breaking loose in screaming, hollering chaos: Marie trying to get the children out of the way, Felix throwing himself on the Creature to rip him off the old man, the Creature sprawling to the floor, the old man shouting, the children SHRIEKING, Felix snatching, up the fireplace poker and swinging it down, again and again, trying to kill the thing...  ...the CREATURE SCREAMING and taking the blows, writhing across the floor in agony, the children scattering from his pleading hands.
Dazed.
Dazed.
Beat.
Then she slaps him again.
Justine sits accused.
Another eerie echo of before: a storm is raging.
cocking.
Cocking...  ...And the Creature is on him, slapping the pistols clean out of his hands.
The storm is raging.
He cooks his arm back and plunges his fist toward her chest with pile-driver force...  ...and her SCREAM is cut short.
Victor rushes to the bad and lets loose the most PRIMAL SCREAM OF ALL.
Dazed.
Convulsing.
Dazed.
Murmuring.
Victor lunges to restrain her, screaming himself, veering toward final utter madness like strings snapping on a violin.
VICTOR AND THE CREATURE face each other as flames sweep the walls, combusting the upper hallway into a raging tunnel in Hell.
He lunges to the desk, slaps his hand on the pistol lying there.
CRACK!
Walton sprawls flat on his back.
WALTON AND GRIGORI  are knocked flat as a fissure appears between them.
There's that smell.
Still screaming.
Back slaps.
Kick-off.
A SWNU PLAYER returns the ball.
Brandon about to throw when one of his own LINEMEN is knocked into him and -- BRANDON'S off balance. it buckles.
BRANDON grabs his face mask, starts punching.
A REFEREE steps in and BRANDON slugs him, slams his face in the turf.
LINEMEN yank BRANDON off as the bloody REF struggles to get free and -- TV SCREEN -- jim rome sports show A highlight reel plays a tape of the incident -- BRANDON seen struggling with PLAYERS as the roughed-up REF crawls away -- Welcome to the jungle!
Crazy.
You got sucked into Tampa, didn't you?
He revs the bored-out engine, flashes a shit eating grin.
Shit.
Hell, I started the industry.
Fuck that hurts.
I say damn right.
He ask if I can, I say hell yeah.
MILTON stops at a set of doors.
Hello?...  Hello?"  Fuck wad! (intercom his ASSISTANT, furious.)
Alcohol.
She's hitting on him.
Wrong!
WALTER staring at BRANDON -- What is that shit?
I better stop before I get stabbed with a fork.
Five of these guys are off-duty cops.
I don't have time for this shit, Jimmy.
Hamstring.
... I mean you'd think with two mortgages out, repo guys staking out my car, my job on the line and my wife threatening to leave, you'd think I'd have the goddamn brains to stop, instead of staying in the chase, doubling down, which of course is what I did...
Us lemons, we fuck shit up on purpose!
Finally -- What the fuck was that?! ...  What'd you just say?
No, you said "What the fuck?"
The MAN shuts the door, leaves BRANDON looking at the KEEP OUT sign.
--Can I get the damn thing out?
You understand that as of right now Brandon Lang with his fettucini knee and his self-fucking pity is as flat dead as Donald Trump's hair and John "I-can-walk-on-fucking-water" Anthony has taken his place?
Muffled curse.
I'm gonna do a whole dot-com thing around him! Oh shit, if I had me when I was his age...
SOUTHIE and REGGIE at the water fountain, watch the room expand.
Listen you little shit, I've been doing this six years to your one.
He's raiding my fucking lists!
Your clients are jumping ship you lactose intolerant fuck!
Are you crazy?
I don't give a damn who you got her for!
What the hell is going on here?
Who the hell's John?
What the hell are you creating here, Walter?
Why are you so angry?
You're jealous.
You really are fucking crazy, Walter!
Fuck you!
TONI goes into the kitchen, slams the door.
Nostra-fucking-damus was a novelty act next to this guy!
Son of a bitch -- for how long?
Don't sugarcoat this shit, you were abused by everybody but the family pet, isn't that right, honey?
How 'bout me?
The shit that happened to you, to Toni, to me -- you know what it is?
We are all just so fucked up! (to BRANDON.)
Shout it!
A MAN sticks his head out a window down the street, yells -- I'm trying to sleep, asshole!
How's Mom?! Fucking freak!
MAN screaming from above.
You gonna fucking haggle with me over a measly 50 thousand on the 250 grand I won you this weekend?
John Fucking Anthony, talk to me.
You sick fucking fuck!
That was too goddamn fucking far!!!
Fuck that, what's your system?
I didn't come down here to lie.
Fuck you.
Who fucking cares?
A one with five zeros behind it.
... A 100 fucking thou?
out of my fucking talons.
That shit's over.
You want my picks, hell I'll make 'em now.
What the hell does that mean?
Hell yeah.
Fuck Monday night!
Fuck the parlay!
You were pissed at me, right?
You fucked with me, right?
That was for your college you dumb ass!  Denny, I gave you one game -- goddamn it you should have told me you were following my picks!
BRANDON studying everything and -- -- A dozen rapid-fire kick-offs fill the SCREEN -- RECEIVERS catch passes, OTHERS drop them spectacularly -- RUNNING BACKS brilliantly juke tackles, score -- QUARTERBACKS are slammed from behind, stripped of the ball -- kicks miss goal posts by inches -- PLAYERS are carried off on stretchers -- footballs sail through RECEIVERS'S hands, their fingers clawing empty air -- scoreboards blink outcomes, stadium lights flare and -- Similar lights illuminate a driving range on the Hudson River.
BRANDON smacks a drive, watches it soar -- You're right, nothing compared to how much we lost today!
I mean 2 for 12 on our biggest volume weekend -- what the hell's left to say?
BRANDON riding his bike, pedaling fast when a MAN suddenly steps out, flash of something in his hand, jamming it in the spokes and --BRANDON wipes out, over the handlebars -- hard to the ground -- Son of a bitch...  What the fuck-- Mr. Novian wants to see you.
Where's the cocky motherfucker who came to my house?
I'm hot.
JERRY fumes.
What the hell are you doing, Walter?
I'm firing your ass 'cause you don't see it and I can't explain it to you! Think what you're fucking doing!
You couldn't pick your fucking nose without a computer!
Beat.
...  Fuck him where he flosses.
Knock at the door.
Another knock and -- Intercut -- toni in the hall, talking through the door It's me, Brandon.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
I live in this building, asshole.
No more money to squeeze so you shut up.
Fuck him if he can't take a joke.
1-for-fucking-8!
Wrong!
When I'm talking you'll shut your fucking toilet!
Kicks the can.
Kicks it again.
Lock Of The Millenium!
The phones'll be flooded.
You let him fuck you!
Nailed at the 20.
No time to huddle and -- Do you deny it?
ON -- New York throws a pass.
You're damn right I did! ...  Brandon was right.
Son of a bitch!
runs cff, his =lace is taken by a RepreSen- by tat.?.ve of the graduating class.
We pull back and pan upward to the explosion of white hats arching through the air.
The ~t ace of anger in Tor_v`s _as- response has told hiz. and us somethinc .
He pauses at the door, then: It's my roommate up at Eseter.
Piss in my pants?
I'll te12 you haw tough Hagen is -- Ralph Auqusto will make in squat down in the middle of Times Square in the rush hour and take a shit.
Ee threw the first ball that day.
Beat it.
People are screaming, running.
Frankie was in that little shit storm on the ferry boat.
Fucking punk.
If your old man was alive, that son of a bitch would be eating his dinner in hell tonight.
t'm the cut-out.
They're locking for World War Three.
Can you get your hands on a few Anti- Vidalistas who wouldn't mind going doom there and raising a little hell?
The explosion fills the screen as the doomsday car is blown to hell.
shooting.
I.. will now demonstrate that it is not worth doodley shit if you don't know how- to use it.
You --- Re breaks off as.
All right you, son of a bitch, tell me about it..
It's a technicality, but in case the shit ever really hits the fan, we'd have p to disclaim you.
As he does so, Elizabeth is Look- ing after him, as to the others: I've always had a =ad thing for sailors- They've got such neat little asses.
What's wrong?
He has his gun pointed at the bed.
floor, his back against the wall.
Don't you think I'll kill her? Z don't give a shit if you kill her.
7. 111 cut her fucking head off, first.
The man's obviously inccm- petent or the car wcu: d have been She breaks cf-f .
You have something for me? as Tony unbuttons his shirt and strips off a money belt which he puts on the table and opens.
As Roberto takes up the money and counts it.,
This is an outrage: I protest: SEr A?E Sit down!
What makes you thi:Lk --l'm not with the Navy? 1 CO 1 .i... Y U 0 77-i.
Carbajal and Mosca have started firing out of the gun ports in the doors.
battle-torn square, outside the jailhouse, we see an angry croard of Rioters care ing the dead and bloody body of Roberto Barcenas.
We see the limousines stop by a waiting transport plane, and -- with the guns of the Soldiers holding off the angry mob -- the American Delegation to Vidal's celebration hurries into the big airliner..
Over this Soldiers with bayonets were forced to fight off the angry mob which clearly blamed the United States for the abortive coup.
Ten kinds of blue hell are breaking loose out here.
It's time you-Jesus Christ Fritz This last as another car swings out of a side street and a Hood leans out of the rear window with a t.reLve gauge p=p gun, and blasts at Fritz. as a blast of heavy shot takes out the windshield and blows most of Fritz's head away.
He sat there with two million dollars worth of legal talent at his elbow and told the United States Government to go piss up a rope.
We're wasting each other's time with this, Mister Morehouse.
And what makes you think T. give a shit about what happens to the Admin- istration?
Your five minutes are up -- now get the hell out of here.
CUNT t3ED And.'what light can you throw on this matter, Mister Davideau?
What the hell is this? as Rocco rises, drawing a twenty-two calibre pistol with silencer, and shoots Morehouse three times in the chest.
A BULLET RICOCHETS wildly around the room, bounces off the metal bed-head, smashes a vase, embeds itself in the wall.
He turns the chamber carefully, shuts it, puts the gun in the inside pocket of the coat.
He turns towards the door to leave.
THE GUN FIRES again and again.
A DEAD-END.
A loud SNAP!
He recoils.
He pulls it off his hand, throws it to the floor, cursing.
It shits on the food behind it.
He screams.
ANOTHER SCREAM, weaker now  -  He runs to the hole in the wall and looks through.
INSIDE THE BATHROOM  -  The killers look up at the smashing noise.
He finds the door to the maps wing but the door is locked, a sign is nailed to it:  WE ARE REMODELLING.
TRACKING SHOT towards a door:  CHIEF-INSPECTOR on the frosted glass.
The door clicks shut.
A LOUD RATTLING NOISE FILLS THE ROOM.
He curses, picks it up, opens it.
He plucks out the note and reads FREDRICKis SCRAWLED MESSAGE: Schreber looks up  -  then PUNCHES HIS FIST into the desk angrily.
White loses his temper, grabs the priest, shakes him violently.
People start to scream and run.
Religious statues topple and smash.
The gaunt woman is pushed screaming to the floor, trampled by the crowd.
The Men stop.
Her ear spouts blood and she screams.
Taps it several times, annoyed, then looks up at a THREE STOREY BUILDING.
Dead.
He struggles.
The noise stops.
The noise is louder.
They've stopped outside a flaking door.
A tile floor RISES rapidly TOWARDS CAMERA.
Schreber looks at the nurse, annoyed.
The nurse leaves, the doctor shuts the door, locks it.
White lashes out, PUNCHES the doctor in the face.
He glances at the doctor, who hides the syringe behind his back.
The INSPECTOR's car pulls up and stops.
The inspector shuts the door behind him.
TWO GUARDS immediately step through the door, GRAB White by his arms.
The door shuts again.
He puts his head in his hands, his body spasms with each sob.
The cop hustles out, shuts the door.
Sachiko locks the door behind her and steps to the middle of the room, lifts a small round rug off the tiled floor.
She breaths deeply, shuts her eyes.
A switch is thrown.
O.S. distant screams.
The JAPANESE WOMAN has her eyes shut, head back in ecstasy.
The BLURRY FIGURE stumbles back and ERUPTS into bloody explosion.
White and Bumstead move into the room and grab the doctor before he can protest.
ON THE PUPPET  -  sitting AT THE WHEEL of a stolen car, driving like crazy.
TIGHT ON PUPPET  -  Screaming with insane joy as Bumstead's car approaches like a bullet.
White STABS the buttons of the elevator frantically, the doors won't close.
Screaming.
Bumstead turns towards his mother.
He hears the click of the gun being cocked behind him.
As soon as White turns to do this, the Man slips from the room and shuts the door, cutting off any existing light.
A scream.
Another scream.
Another scream.
He is losing.
Underneath is a mess of PULSATING ORGANS AND INSECT PARTS.
The insects scream triumphantly.
White screams too.
SURF NOISE is louder now.
Motherfucker!
Get out of my house, bitch!
Shut the fuck up.
My parents worked their asses off to send me to private school.
That shit stays with you.
For the record, there's a shitload of things that I hate about you, but I still, would've gotten married.
The door SLAMS behind her.
You've gotta be shitting me.
Shut the front door!
CRUNCH.
If you hate teaching so much, why don't you just get another job?
Fuck my ass.
An angry-looking kid, TRISTAN, wearing a MICHAEL VICK JERSEY, turns to Garrett.
The class immediately quiets down.
And you, go shut off the lights.
Sasha shuts off the LIGHTS.
So now I need monster fake tits so that I won't lose my next fiance.
Slash.
It smashes.
Fucking Troll!
I said 'fucking troll.' Oh, I thought you said Kirk.
She looks both spectacular and ridiculous.
Are you stealing our money?
And next time you accuse a fellow teacher of stealing, you better be damn sure.
Immediately, there is an IMMENSE ERUPTION from the other stall, followed by a sigh.
You, shut off the lights.
Zip your shit.
Little bitches.
What a phony.
Shit.
Class sizes are ridiculous.
KNOCK KNOCK!
It's bad for you.
Reverses..
Listen, I hate to eat and run, but I've gotta head over to the shelter.
(feigning.
Fuck you.
Elizabeth eye-fucks Scott.
Hey! Zip your shit!
Oh shit.
Are you fucking kidding me?
A buff, shirtless guy in a backwards hat opens it.
A beat.
What's your poison?
Elizabeth gives Carl "fuck me" eyes.
Carl, I'm gonna need you to pass the fuck out.
Scott playfully punches her shoulder.
Elizabeth playfully punches him back.
She gets into her car and slams the door.
I hate it.
I hate it.
At J.A.M.S.? And like I said, she stole the wig.
And for the record, your band sucks, asstard.
Leave me alone!
She immediately breaks a heel.
Stop fucking calling me!
Fuck you.
You best step off, bitch, because this is my block.
Cause that's how she fuck.
How much for a titty fuck?
With a statutory rapist.
Elizabeth wakes up and looks up to see: A CANDLELIGHT VIGIL, including Amy, Scott, Melody, and many. of Garrett's classmates; a SEA OF TV CAMERAS; and What the fuck?
CHAOS.
They're immediately swarmed by everyone.
How long have you been Why did you steal the sleeping together?
This is crazy!
I hate to be tardy.
Frustrated.
The car behind her HONKS in frustration.
The DRIVER screams at her.
His face contorted in ugly rage.
Jack waits anxiously by the door.
Getting increasingly frustrated.
Angry with herself.
Paul's momentarily thrown.
Upset.
Furious.
THUMP.
Darkness.
O.S. the door clicks shut as it locks automatically behind Eliot.
Beatrice whirs towards the door.
Paul waits in his car outside the Mother's house.
She cocks her head.
The door CLICKS shut behind him.
Crushes it.
The car's a mess.
Eliot stops by a thermostat.
Her hands behind her back.
She lies down submissively.
The door clicks shut behind him.
The door slams shut behind her.
Frustrated she turns to a counter crowded with instruments.
She sweeps her arm across the counter top in rage.
Anna sits on the floor in the middle of the room.
Coldly surveys the destruction.
His anger gone now.
As he touches the door handle...  the whispering STOPS.
Jams it open with a door stop.
The door locks behind him with a CLICK.
It fits!
Unlocks the door, leaving the keys in the lock.
He calmly locks the door and puts the keys into his pocket.
He cocks his head upwards.
Anna frantically punches the buttons on the phone.
He's about to hit Jack again when a STOCKY TEACHER grabs him.
Eliot stops.
The door locking shut behind him.
His mouth still wired shut.
Eliot's extremely irritated now.
POUNDS the door in rage.
Irritated.
The Women are SCREAMING.
The TEACHER throws a handful of earth onto the coffin.
She struggles.
Dazed.
He'd be JFK to her Jackie O...  if he gave a shit.
As she kicks...  SMASH!
Devastating.
It's awful.
who slams the door shut.
Hell, you've resorted to fantasizing about Conan `Ginger- Dick' O'Brien.
Shit.
David Jacobowitz! Are you kidding me!? DAVID FUCKING JACOBOWITZ!
She screws him.
Divorce!
Don't start conversations with people while they're pissing.
Are you breaking up with me?
Cal is left alone.
I hate both of her two favorite things.
You're sitting there with your Supercut haircut, getting drunk on watered down vodka-cranberries like a fourteen- year-old girl, wearing a 41R jacket when you should be wearing a 40L -- I don't know if I want to help you or euthanize you -- stop drinking out of the goddamn straw, Cal.
Shit.
If it rains a lot, you need to shut off the automatic setting.
The door slams.
What the hell am I doing?
What the hell!? Are you in a fraternity, Cal?
Be better than the fucking Gap, Cal.
Shut up, Cal.
You'd fuck him, right?
Shut up, Cal.
Are we interrupting?
Here you go: the `A' they're both wearing -- I think it stands for ASSHOLE.
Because they're in love, and love is for stupid ASSHOLES.
So thanks for choosing this book, Mrs. Thompson, because this is what I need right now: to read a boring, confusing book about a bunch of stupid assholes who fell in love, like assholes, and then had to die, like assholes.
A KNOCK at her door interrupts.
So when the time is right for you to get back out there again, officially, I just...  I'd like to throw my hat in the ring.
Holy shit!
Holy shit, Cal is in!
Actually no, I'm supposed to tell you, confidently, that you should come home with me.
I'm telling you: you should come home with me.
Cal Weaver has evolved into "the fucking man."
What do college guys hate?
It's ridiculous.
There she is! Oh shit.
What the hell are you thinking?
At my parent-teacher thing?
This is the one he pulled The Scarlet Letter Asshole routine on.
And I'm furious at you for what you did.
She writes on the board: ASSHOLE.
Asshole.
So in terms of Robbie's progress -- Asshole: as in, someone who tells a woman that he'll call, and never does.
We were a little concerned about Robbie's grade on his oral book Asshole: as in, someone who uses `honesty' to get a woman into bed with him, but is actually full of shit like the rest of them.
Because usually he's a very strong public speaker -- Asshole: as in, someone who allows a woman to go down on him for forty-five minutes because he's `nervous' -- Kate stops.
Leave me alone, Cal!
I know, and I cheated, so it doesn't make any sense for me to be mad at you.
Loudly.
As she passes, Liz sticks out her hand and they slap five.
She grabs him.
Slut.
You don't have one of those ridiculous massage chairs, do you?
Jessica turns, explodes?
She storms off.
Tracy SIGHS ("what the hell was that".) and CLOSES the door.
Yes, I realize that, asshole.
Will someone please take this goddamn thing off me! Robbie, take the goddamn thing off your mother!
Behind him...  JESSICA runs after her father, SCREAMING: Daddy, no!
We all have arguments, but if you're gonna fight -- just do it inside.
Jacob shuts up.
SALOON.
(removing his hat.)
The bounty hunters react and prepare to fire.
Damn them!
Angel, turning away, hesitates, looking up through the window Waiting for us Son of a bitch He turns and crosses quickly to the back door.
HATS -- they are surrounded.
- 37 IN THE OFFICE -- DUTCH JOINS PIKE AT THE DOOR and looks out, then curses softly.
How in hell do I know?
He shuts the door, crosses toward the paymaster.
I kill 'em-now?
40 PIKE JERKS OPEN THE DOOR,.
screaming as the gunfire cuts him down.
60 ON THE ROOF --a THE BOUNTY HUNTERS CONTINUE FIRI NG , IGNORING: 61 HARRIGAN AND THORNTON.
70 ON THE ROOF -- THO RNTON AND HARRIGAN FINALLY FORCE the bounty hunters to cease firing after the wild bunch.
You stupid damn fools!
He's lying'.
(crossing to him.)
You'll begin a trip back to Yuma Prison if you don't learn to keep your mouth shut l Why - in hell didn't you kill Pike when you had the chance?
84 BUT HE TAKES THE MARSHAL, the deputy and one bounty hunter 85 HARRIGAN AND THORNTON LOOKING DOWN at the shambles in the room, turn as: AND IRATE TOWNSPEOPLE.
you out of jail to get- that bunch -- and you failed -- You gave the ordersl If you want the job done right -- you keep the hell out of it next time - You and the rest of your railroad trash" I'll do it -- but my way.
Too damn many.
You.sound like you're all caught up, Caught up enough to know we've overstayed our welcomes (Suddenly angry.)
What in hell is the matter with you?
There is a knock at the door and.
101-F PIKE SLIPS PAST the screaming women into an adjoining room.
I don't really give a damn about Deke Thornton...
I just know that I'd surely like to aet the hell off.
107 THORNTON-LOOKS AT HIM WHITE WITH ANGER, then .c
You dirty son of a bitch.
would mean a bundle of cash to raise hell with.
But if one of you quits on me I'll pay a thousand dollar bonus to the man who kills him.
None of 'em? 111 PIKE TAKES THE BAGS OUT OF THE CORRAL TO THE FIRE that burns near an adobe wall and drops them on a poncho, watches as the others do the same.
Who the hell is 'they!!? (laughing; cackling.)
Tector tenses, almost snarling with rage.. ,k for it I Tector-, looking at Angel's gun, half turns to Pike.
2/23/68 Looks like I'd have been better off running whores than making plans9 stealing horses and buying uniforms.
Why in the hell, did you ever quit it?
Why in hell are you still goin'?
Hell, I wouldn't know what to do with 'better' if it poked me.in the eye with a sharp stick.
to ' be a damn fool like me.
What in hell do you want me to-say ,-?
CURSES AT SYKES,.
Leave him alone!
(suddenly yelling at Pike.) How in hell are you going to side any- body if you can't get on a horse.
Thornton draws his gun, pulls back the hammer.
DESTROYED HACIENDA (SAN CARLOS.)-a-
I think he can go straight to hell.
mule.
And the soldier.
are running, screaming, behind it.
.That was a balloon ,you damned old fool.
191 TECTOR TOUCHES A FENDER AND ONE of the guards spurs toward him, cursing in Spanish.
Generalisimo hell -- he's just a damn bandit grabbing all he can for himself.
MAPACHE, his eyes burning with hatred.
Angel watches, his rage growing, then stands -- Pike goes for-him., .. but too late.. Put a! In a split second he draws and fires.
and hurls her to the floor.
And.who in the hell_is Mapache?
worth a damn!
I'm not going to steal guns for that devil to rob and kill my people again.
He draws his gun and fires as does Lyle.
Son of a bitch.
They begin to make love, then: THE DOOR SMASHES OUN AND LUKE, a skinny bad mouthed Texan steps into the room, a_double barreled shot gun in his hands ready to fire.
AURORA SCREAMS and throws herself in front of Pike.
Luke fires, the charge killing her as Pike dives out of bed -- jumping for his gun on a nearby table.
The small steam.
The train moves toward the only object in sight: THE-FLAT car, wearily checking the track for obstructions.
DUTCH TURNS TOWARDS THE GUARDS ON THE flatcar behind the engine.
253 LYLE SCRAMBLES AROUND THE ENGINE TO HANDLE the two men on the.flat car in front.
256 ON THE FRONT FLAT CAR the two- guards turn, freeze as Lyle 25? IN THE CAB, PIKE IS\STANDING WITH his hand on the throttle 25$.
AND GRAB THEIR GUNS.
IN THE COVER OF THE GULLY, DUTCH AND THE GORCH BROTHERS mount 3 PIKE TURNS HIS HORSE, SPURS BACK THE WAY HE CAME.
At the top 325 FIVE STICKS OF DYNAMITE GO OFF in the shallow water on the bles.
BRIDGE EXPLODES, blowing Thornton'and the three bounty hunters into the river, Finally both turn and ride after the wagon followed by scat- tered ineffective shots of the soldiers, 2/27/68 GROUPED ON THE MEXICAN SIDE OF THE RIVER, still wet and dazed from the river.
T. Co Well, I'm sure as hell going to steal me a horse; 333 THORNTON IS STANDING ON THE EDGE OF THE CLEARING looking at the men around the f ire.
soldiers.
Got mine...damn little... twelve rounds.azItm
How, in-hell am I goin' to fight without boots?
It'll be a cold day in hell 'fore -I do that again.
Send men immediately to meet the guns on the road to Agua Verde -- take possession and return here.
Kill them; 3?+8 HERRERA SALUTES AND LEAVES.
Mapache is the last, looking, back at the hills with hatred as the Villistas charge and we:.
Get that case of explosives near the back.
Sykes, hat.
do I have -- nothin' but you damned egg sucking chicken stealing gutter rats -- with less than 60 rounds of ammunition be- tween you, Listen, Mr. Thornton -- I don't have to take any talk like that.
So nobody can rob the guns!
Thornton is looking DOWN THE ARROYO with binoculars while- Coffer covers the glasses with his hat.
They apologize and ask you to forgive them for their lack of trust but only by caution do they remain alive -- Hell, I forgive them!
MAPACHE AND HIS MEN are playing with fireworks while they wait for the guns.
The guns? Don't worry we got ' em... hidden.
The others are waiting at the wagon and unless I r eturn pretty damn quick they.
You fool Mel Our accountant will pay you immediately.
Zamorra turns and yells to Herrera.
THE GUN SWINGS WILDLY, MAPACHE HANGING ON -= his finger locked down.
TENSES.
..He stole them for his people.
Next time be more careful who you shoot -- the mother of your sweetheart became angry when you killed her daughter.
I'm wasting time here.
2/12/68 How in hell.
toward the hideout. 1 27 THORNTON AND HIS HUNTERS, THREE.
431 THORNTON CURSES AND RUNS TO HIS HORSE as the bandits open fire.
435 THE BOUNTY HUNTERS THUNDER after Sykes.
(yelling.).
Daum Deka Thornton to hell.. What.
trouble.
Pike and the others stop.a
454 PIKE HOLDS THE BOTTLE and looks at the table, seething with anger.
Five government men out there - Policio - they want the guns back.
begins her complaints again.
466 MAPACHE, THE GERMANS, ZAMORRA, HERRERA AND SIX OR SEVEN of their officers and a handful of women are seated-at a long center table.. Food and liquor bottles are spilled every- where, the mariachi band plays for: 466A CHITA, A SCARED, NOT UNATTRACTIVE GIRL who is trying to please the general by dancing on the table.
The machine gun mounted on its tripod is in a far corner.. 467 ANGEL LIES ON THE FLOOR, nearly unconscious, almost unrecog- 2/12/68 468 PIKE AND THE OTHERS ENTER THROUdH THE LARGE ARCHES and s. 'and watching.
(half angry.)
HEAD, then the room explodes with gunfire.
throwing another grenade, is hit, his back.
486 THE SOLDIES HUNT COVER and die -- more pour in from the 487 TECTOR AND LYLE YELLING with the lust of battle charge toward 488 MOHR.REACHES THE MACHINE GUN, begins firing.
493 PIKE KILLS ZAMORRA AND HERRERA, then a soldier has driven a 495' MEXICANS CONTINUE FIRING AT THE AMERICANS from all sides and the Gorch brothers, badly wounded,.
As he is hit.
Finally, he crumples fast and falls, :; 498 LYLE., HIT SEVERAL TIMES, SCREAMING WITH RAGE, standing over Tector is wild-eyed, firing madly into the crowd.
under the tables dragging the useless lower half'of his body.
kicking.
A mortally.
hell of a time proving that.a
Slamming it shut, he reaches for his raincoat.
It's the turbulence.
Turbulence.
Turbulence.
A marine mammal that knows a fuck of a lot more about sonar than you do.
Appearing in the sonar shack door, directly Chief of the Boat, a barrel-chested bear, smiles at Beaumont: He gets to raggin you too bad, kid, you can always ask him about Pavarattt.. Jones sinks into his chair.
Jonesy has turned the whole fucking Pacific Ocean into a stereo speaker.
Jones works in silence, then punches the intervom: Conn, sonar.
Soviet Navy Pniitical Dir ctorafie From his post in the portico, a uniformed guard races to the limo and opens the door for a dyspeptic, grumpy, old man.
He is in an overcoat and a rumpled hat, brim turned up in front.
Yeah-right-leave-me-alone. Frowning and cranky, Padorin marches into where he's met by his seventy-four year old PERSONAL ORDERLY.
The orderly takes Padorin's overcoat and hat.
Yeah-right-leave-me-alone. Yeah leave-me-alone.
Yes, Admiral, I'm --- Where the hell are you?! Get your ass to the south entrance of the Executive Offtce Buflding in forty-five minutes.
Left alone, Ryan spot, a lectern at the foot of the tabl.
That means I'm a liar, a cheat and when I'm nvt kissing babies I'm stealing their lallipops.
And anyway, none of them are expendable.
Tupalev is furious.
Come to course three-five-zero.
Don't give me that command garbage, Vasily.
Varying speeds, aftering extraneous noise, Jones is isolating the eer9e in a RAGING STORM.
Taking his arm, Davenport SHOUTS: Charles Davenport, commanding officer of the Kennedy!
fifties, a man of puritanical integrity, takes a hit of the ooze in his quarters on the Kennedy.. KNOCK on the DOOR.
Over by the porthole, Painter clears his throat: For the sake of argument, let's assume you're right and Ramius intends to defect.
Shut everything down!
the Foxtrot chews up the afternoon, a deadly projectile hell bent on destruction.
Stadnyuk has gone, Ramius turns to the Kamarov: Bottom the damn ship!
BLASTED in the fame with WATER, a HELMSMAN leaps to his feet, SCREAMING: We're flooding!
Expressinnless, Kamarov slams him back to his chair and shuts down the relief valve.
The hell, you say.
Screw you.
Don't start on that crap.
A]l kidding has stopped.
So one of your submarine captains has gone insane?
Fighting.
Angry sea rushes up at him with blistering speed.
Behind him, loose equipment SLAMS into the WINCH, JAMMING the CABLE.
A huge arc carries him way out over the angry sea.
the release lever, CUTTING the cable.
a vision of hell, hair blowing in all diYectlons, Mancuso eyeballs the spot where Ryan went down, SCREAMING: Man overboard!
Hell on wheels, Mancuso disappears down a passageway.
The Captain is going to defect and - What the hell are you yammering about?
He's defecting.
(after a beat.)
Hell RINGS.
Shall I flood the tubes?
(after a beat.)
be dammed.
What the hell is happening?
Shut valve three.
Valve three shut.
Melekhin shuts the, valve.
BOILING WATER pours out, turning to STEAM, SPLATTERING Melekhin.
Searing hot steam chokes the compartment.
Designated personnel bring lire rafts! Red October rises in angry sea.
The sea RAGES.
Sailors haul freezing men from raging water.
Hell on earth.
In the middle of the compartment thirties, mans the nerve center of the CIC.
Fuming, Petrov confronts an officer: I protest!
Jones shuts it.
Copilot stops.
He's defecting.
Wrong.
Ours growl.
Where in hell did it come from? in the Conn aboard the Konovalov.
You had the wrong range, idiot!
Get the hell out of there.
Get that damn thing off my boat.
Get the hell.
Beaumont rips off his headgear, turning to Thompson in the sonar shack's door, breathing hard: Jesus Christ.
Gunfire? in the Conn, Tupa]av is furious.
RAGING, Ramius POUNDS the BULKHEAD.
But the control is blasted to hell.
Damn.
Mercifully, the shooting STOPS.
Bonavia SHOUTS: You stupid arrogant bastard.
Fuming, Lysenko approaches.
Shut up! Don't speak to me Boris.
Locked inside, he starts shouting and hitting things.
Into darkness.
Busted.
A DOOR KICKED OPEN, WHAM-!
KICKING.
Squawling with pain and rage.
Sam rides the wheel, screaming.
She lies in her impromptu sarcophagus.
She watches, fascinated, as he MELTS in the blast furnace heat -- With warning, she *screams*.
Timothy reacts, annoyed.
Her voice a sibilant hiss: Subtitle: "Gumby's gonna stretch your neck, motherfucker."
The man will go on to start a profitable construction business with the bricks he shits.
He regards her with angry, vindictive eyes: Hal takes a breath, composes himself.
These carolers are TERRIBLE.
Sam and Hal look at each other, what the hell... ?
You'd sing shitty too.
Pounces on Jack, snarling -- brave, useless.
Takes her by the belt and fucking HURLS her out into space... !
Dazed.
Loudly.
Malignant.
Deadly.
Hostage drama, unfolding.
Henessey swears.
Hostages.
Screams.
Glowering.
Cracks it.
She slaps him.
Grabs Henessey, points -- A LATE-MODEL CAR pulls into the gravel lot.
Draws a bead, locks on target -- Leaves his feet.
The snapped-in-two hitman announces Nathan's arrival by FLYING THROUGH THE WINDOW in an explosion of glass.
Shot after shot, like a machine -- Sam SCREAMS as the side windows COLLAPSE INWARD.
Kills the driver.
The car throws a skid.
The cop car's TIRES blow out as it's SPUN 180 degrees...  Timothy's car careens into a GULLEY -- BAM-! Hits a dead stop.
Frowning.
It wracks him.
Lies back down.
Refusing to go down.
FIRES, kicks up dirt at Henessey's feet.
Unlocks the door and slips out.
Across the road, THE WINDOWS BLOW OUT in her father's flat.
Choking.
The lid SLAMS SHUT.
Charly's eyes bore into his: Daedalus stabs the red button.
Fingers NUMB, so fucking cold -- Breath, running out.
Rage inside her.
Leaps in and kicks over the engine as, behind him -- MORE MEN come piling out of the house, shouting.
CUT DOWN IN THEIR TRACKS.
He throws open a door off the passage: THERE'S TIMOTHY.
Perkins swears.
Angry.
Which is precisely when a much larger Smith and Wesson COCKS next to his ear: HENESSEY holds the gun rock steady in his big fist.
Arm out, gun cocked -- FIRES.
Twitches.
She kicks him out of the moving car.
CHARLY throws open the door, says: He does.
CUT TO: Three GOVERNMENT AGENTS.
Squeezes her eyes shut.
Opens her mouth to scream -- He palms a KNIFE.
Kills everyone.
Henessey starts to react but a GUN MUZZLE stops him.
CARVING into the brick, what the hell... ?
Still jabbing with the knife, *why the hell is she digging*?
Gonna crawl under the damn door?
Lying flat, she appraises her work -- A TINY NOTCH.
Slams it down.
TIMOTHY'S THROW is off target, sticks in Henessey's chair.
FIREBALL, raging to Heaven.
Eyes ticking back and forth, missing nothing...  Sees a gun on the ground, scoops it up: promptly DROPS IT, the fucking thing's red hot.
SLAMS him.
Charly, dives, rolls -- scoops up the gun and SCREAMS as her flesh sizzles and it spurts three times and blows him down.
He looks around, stabbing a finger at the box: A bullet slams him backward in a cut-string sprawl.
Darts along the cliff, throws herself flat.
He hears two flat CRACK-!s on the still air.
He struggles to aim, oh, shit -- Two distant CRACKS.
Henessey shouts into the radio: CHARLY fires shot after shot.
No such thing as wounded, we're talking St. Peter looks up from a magazine and says holy shit, it's the lunch rush at Kate Mantilini's.
CHARLY SPRAYS on full auto, DICES TO TATTERS the combat zone, extinguishing the gunmen, too little too late because BAM--! bullet takes out his right arm, fuck *you*, buddy, doesn't miss a beat, simply tosses the gun over to the other hand and KEEPS SHOOTING, blows that fucker down and now he's staggering into the trees, and collapses, and HITS...
The rage explodes in the form of a kick which SHATTERS the lock on the trunk.
*Dammit*, she needs a fucking miracle.
Along with a half dozen screaming AGENTS.
Behind her the FLAMING JAGUAR SMASHES to the ground, raining fragments -- Followed by BURNING CORPSES, smacking the pavement one after another.
Bloody.
Demonic.
Slams the truck from behind, BULLDOZES it -- Sends it THUNDERING into a park bench.
"Fuck you," slyly retorts the beast.
She BOUNCES and caroms off the sides like a mad pinball -- And all the windows BLOW OUT concussively and the front tires go with a volcano CRACK-! as the beast goes canting to one side, ponderous, MASSIVE...
Sucking it up, preparing.
Timothy calmly shuts the door behind him.
Instinct.
In goes the knife, cuts deep and Charly looks him in the eye and GRINS because sure enough, there's the bastard's KNEE, wide open...  Boot-strikes, BAM--!
Up and over, flailing... !
Sucking air.
As, within ten seconds of the command, she promptly DISOBEYS her mother, looks back -- Stops dead.
Grabs one knife-bloodied shoulder, oblivious of the wound.
Flails.
Charly goes insane.
Expressionless beaurocrat.
Does a MAD STAGGER across the blacktop.
Chopper again, SCREAMING in low and fast -- CHARLY dives, rolls -- Comes up with the MACHINE GUN and falls flat on her back, points it skyward: She fires.
Flailing.
SLEWS to a stop, tires cooking... !
Tossing dice the length of a craps table.
Henessey flies out of the parking lot and INTO the WOODS as the firestorm RAGES TO HEAVEN behind him.
Caitlin screams: Henessey favors her with a foul look.
You got a rag arm, catcher!
Steal home!
A heck of a player.
A quick temper is his reputation.
Shit, boy, c'mon.
Yes your temper!
Are you deaf?! Rickey furious, the avuncular old man gone.
Willful.
Rickey looks back to Jack who is as angry as he is confused.
The vitriol.
Fight him?
If you echo a curse with a curse, they will only hear yours.
Follow a blow with a blow and they will say a Negro lost his temper; that the Negro does not belong.
He crosses.
Is this about politics?
Jack angry and silent in the passenger seat.
What the hell, Wendell?! Man came by while you were asleep.
What the hell are you laughing at?
Who can blame them?
Looks ill-tempered over to first where Jack gives the same look back as he sidesteps an enormous, defiant lead off the bag.
Higbe is furious.
He didn't come to play; he came to kill.
Hell, man, you oughta know better.
A beat.
You'll get drunk, fight and be arrested.
The hell he does!
Deserted.
Jack looks grumpy as he steps over.
Opening day nerves.
It fits.
Where Jack's foot hits the bag an instant before the ball smacks into the first baseman's mitt.
The bench players flanking Chapman look furious, but Chapman is doing this with a sick sort of glee.
The next white son of a bitch who opens his mouth, I'll smash his goddamn teeth in.
If you were a white boy, you know where you'd be right now?! On a bus headed down to Newport News cuz you can't play for shit!
Steal it, sweetheart.
Steam rising.
Parrott enters, upset.
Rickey pretends to review papers as Bragan enters, his hat literally in his hand.
You're the problem, you goddamn disgrace!
Stanky so mad he can't see straight.
Madness!
Damn!
Munger throws inside.
What the hell does that mean?
So am I! I'm here to win! How the hell are we gonna win sleeping on the bus?!
Chapman looks dumb.
I'm ready, you Wop bastard!
Make me, you goddamn dago!
Jack in a fury.
Are you calling Slaughter a liar?
That's why they're throwing the fastballs inside.
Fight those inside fastballs off, foul them back.
Throws the ball well outside.
A TEEN BOY sleeps in one and a MIDDLE-AGED MAN lies in the other.
This is the part I hate the most.
I woke up screaming.
Because you're an asshole.
Yeah, this place sucks.
Bernie, what the hell...  were you hiding in the car?
As he SLAMS his locker shut...  It's an impressive structure with wraparound bleachers.
All eyes turn to John, who's annoyed at his momentary lapse.
Annoyed, John taps Mark on the shoulder.
John bursts in and SLAMS the door.
What the hell's going on?
She pulls a strip of overexposed 35mm film from her coat.
Digital sucks.
Sarah is alone, tacking photographs to a large board that's lying flat on the carpet.
Sarah's shock turns to anger.
She wears a biker jacket, combat boots and has a striking adon't-fuck-with-mea face.
Frustrated in her search, she flings the desk against the wall.
TIGHT ON John's hands as he balls them and an angry glow flickers through his gloves.
Assholes.
He rises and tosses the ruined picture into the trash.
The heat from its engines washes the ground, warping the destruction like a ghastly mirage as two bay doors open.
An annoying CHIME plays as the door opens and John enters.
Screw this.
Let me lock up.
A squad of blood-hungry VAMPIRIC FOOTBALL PLAYERS attacks a rival team of WEREWOLVES.
Hell's Gate, everybody off.
That was insane.
Over the LOOPING SOUNDTRACK OF B-MOVIE NOISES, Sarah's muffled SCREAMS DIM.
Sa- His voice is cut off as a fist SMASHES into his jaw and the steel cap of a combat boot SLAMS his groin.
PUSH IN ON JOHN'S FACE as it hardens with blind rage.
She SCREAMS.
She's wild-cat angry when she sees him.
I swear if you hurt him -- Why do you give a shit?
Mark's rage is transplanted by concern.
Blinded by rage, John jerks Mark's arm up behind his back.
John! Stop!
I'm mad at myself.
That was a stupid thing to do.
Henri urgently stabs commands into a keyboard.
The moment is broken by the SLAM of the front door and the sound of ANGRY FOOTSTEPS.
Steam billows as Henri washes up.
She crosses.
Sarah's DAD is expertly carving the turkey.
This time it's picked up immediately.
I owe you.
Annoyed, John spins and finds Sam creeping towards him.
With a Lucky Strike clenched between his lips, Frank picks up the packet on the table and is pissed to discover it's empty.
His hand shakes as he holds it out towards the lock and concentrates.
The trio stands frozen, necks craned up, ears pricked as the floorboards CREAK above them.
Pissed, one of the Mogadorians strides towards a small blacked-out window.
He punches out the glass with his fist and catches sight of Sam clambering over the back fence!
Henri, this is insane.
Who the hell are you?
Eyes screwed shut.
TWO LOUD KNOCKS at the door.
Henri steps in and is annoyed to hear the SHOWER still running.
She pulls away, her relief turning to anger.
Damnit!
He bolts towards the front door, SCREAMS at a JOCK as he passes.
It's a raging conflagration.
He's a fugitive.
The hell it isn't.
What the hell's in there?
Who the hell are you?
Dead.
The Mogadorians SCREAM as they flail.
What the hell's going on?
So shut up and keep your head down.
The Mogs can kill me now.
John's face hardens into a mask of rage.
John, the Commander, the Mogadorian Soldiers, in fact every goddamn thing in the stadium is obliterated in the that radiates across the field like a blinding ring of hell.
She stops, puts her hand to her mouth to stifle a sob, when he COUGHS and stirs.
ROD yanks the bayonet out and stabs again.
In the midst of this madness FRANK shoots to his feet and slams the butt of his rifle into JACOB's back.
JACOB screams.
He pulls the handle on the door to the next car.
He kicks the door.
He is about to push when he notices a chain locking it shut.
He hears the scream again.
JACOB knocks softly and the moaning stops.
JACOB turns with full fury and storms the gate.
The chain gives wayto his anger.
JEZZIE carries the garbage to an INCINERATOR ROOM down the hall.
An apartment door slams shut.
He lifts them with effort and slams the door with his foot.
Steam from the pressing machines shoots into the air.
CUT ON A SCREAM to JACOB in a CHIROPRACTOR'S OFFICE.
JACOB screams.
Furious, JEZZIE turns away.
A NEIGHBOR bangs on the wall, shouting.
JEZZIE begins to sob.
JACOB pounds the desk, rattling a tiny African violet and knocking the RECEPTIONIST's forms to the floor.
JACOB, freaked, angry, turns and runs toward the "In Patient" door.
They break ranks as he charges by and begin to scream.
Annoyed, JEZZIE leaves JACOB and crosses the room.
He begins to scream.
The door to the apartment slams shut.
The noise is terrible.
The intensity of her rage is shocking.
THE CAR EXPLODES.
They lie exhausted and exhilarated on the linoleum floor.
The door slams securely.
A huge wooden door slams open.
JACOB screams.
We hear muffled screams from behind closed doors.
JACOB screams.
He tries to scream but no sound comes out.
JACOB, stunned, yells at the top of hhis lungs.
He tenses.
She is very angry.
Men are screaming.
It builds in fury and rage until suddenly the ceiling explodes.
There is a knock at the door.
He pounds on it.
Another door opens on the floor above.
He smashes wildly at the door until the lock flies open.
Guns fire and explode past his head.
Doors slam open and closed, unlatching, snapping, shutting, with deafening force.
It is alive, angry, and threatening.
CUT TO JACOB SINGER lying on an operating table in a large ARMY FIELD TENT in VIETNAM.
The image of Hell erupts before him.
She stops dead in her tracks.
He yells out.
He yells again.
It builds in fury and rage until suddenly the ceiling explodes.
He eyes are burning with anger.
JACOB screams.
JACOB throws the chair at the floor, opens the door, and hurries into the HALLWAY.
He pulls it open and screams.
An intensity of rage is building in him that we have not witnessed before.
JACOB is battling for his very soul and tears at the DEMON with an animalistic fury that takes it by surprise.
CUT TO JACOB SINGER lying on an operating table in a large ARMY FIELD TENT in VIET NAM.
A RUMBLE.
She slaps the back of her neck.
Holloway pilots his excavator expertly up to Watts's.
The ship's nerve center and control room.
Holloway lies in one.
Crosses himself.
Its bottom-most blade is broken; it lies in rubble at the foot of the door.
Beyond the dead giant, a vision of Hell: A dozen DEAD ENGINEERS lie heaped against a sealed door.
The severed neck.
Excruciating screams.
He convulses.
He slams into a resinous structure that topples to the floor.
A blizzard of tiny flying insects.
He screams.
She slaps at him.
Vickers throws switches.
Watts takes in the destruction with dismay.
Watts watches in rage as a large section of the central mechanism's falls with a thunderous clamor to the deck.
DEAD ENGINEERS lie scattered over the floor in front of them.
She touches the mark on his neck.
Brazens through it.
He SCREAMS.
Watts screams and screams.
She slaps at it blindly.
As the argument picks up heat, Watts slips out of the room.
With the wrench cocked like a hammer, he eases up and peers cautiously through the vent with a flashlight.
By the time his ribs are in he stops screaming.
Grotesque molluscoid organisms are secreted in them - their vile orifices cinched tightly shut.
She steals out of the chamber.
Punches a control.
A pair of bony jaws jut out impossibly far, hungry and demonic.
He screams hideously and drops.
Dead.
Silently she steals away.
She curses silently and ducks back.
Watts slips inside and locks the door behind her.
She throttles her scream into a hiss of air.
It drops to the floor, thrashing and hissing in fury at its confinement.
Dying.
His throat ripped open.
Grits her teeth as her nerves wake up.
Vigoda's gun lies on the floor outside the pod.
She crosses the bridge in three long strides - cocks a fist and snaps the older woman's head around with a hard right cross.
A RUMBLE.
He is angry, accusing.
DAVID ruined.
Shepherd and Vickers scream.
Shepherd screams and falls, mortally wounded.
This is the wrath of an angry god.
Watts pounds in futile rage against the door.
The floor of the underground hangar begins to rise.
It recoils.
She gets the bleeding stopped.
Janek will live - but his right arm is useless.
The storm wall - a chain of hurricanes - rages below them.
SMASHES AGAINST THE GROUND in ruin.
She surveys the destruction in disbelief.
Pulls the lid shut.
The monster screams and recoils.
Slaps the door switch.
Rifles.
The barren moon hangs in space, its father planet an angry red god in the background.
His moves becoming aggressive, frenzied-- An M-16 clip is SMACKED into place and cocked with a CACHACK!
Pig Nose #1, steals into position near the glass doors, slams his back to the wall, weapon to cheek, breath fast.
He slashes viciously back toward the lip and-- In a radical INVERTED AIR ATTACK sails SIX feet above the wave in an explosion of water-- Glass doors explode OPEN and Pig Nose #1 SPINS inside.
THE DRIVER, the WOMAN PIG NOSE, punches it and the TIRES WHIRRR on the slick pavement.
He doesn't break stride as he slams his shoulder into a large, steel GARBAGE DUMPSTER.
DRIVING it like a football training sled into the ALLEY where-- THE SEDAN LOCKS 'EM UP seconds too late as it SKIDS and SLAMS into it, CRUNCHING into the brick wall and-- Still alive -- GRINDS into reverse back down the alley, HEADLIGHTS SMASHED, it guns it backward as-- UTAH leaps over the dumpster and sprints after the car.
He cocks it back.
Lady Pignose slams the thing into DRIVE, cuts the wheel hard, and punches it, skidding on wet pavement.
He slams the door, pins her arm and slams again and again until the gun drops.
We sense reckless anger.
Pig Nose explodes.
Screams and shoving matches and pissed off guys.
Data hell.
Aggressive.
Takes a big fuck-you bite.
An exiting MAN stuffs bucks into his wallet, reaching for the door which-- SLAMS INWARD.
The explosion of blue ink is sucked back into the pack of money, then leaps back into President Nixon's hand.
Read as fuck you.
Angelo punches a button on the VCR.
Pissed off...  at himself, at the downy-cheeked hotshots, at the frustration, he turns his board around and starts paddling hard.
His board It SMASHES SIDEWAYS INTO RAZORHEAD.
IN THE WASHING MACHINE, Utah tumbles in a cold green hell.
Especially when she's pissed.
Shivering.
This guy's nuts.
He slams down butt-first on the board, flips over, feet sticking straight up out of a blast of diamond spray.
Pappas signals, unseen by Harp, for Utah to shut the fuck up.
Two frustrated teenage SURFERS huddle underneath a towel.
Angry heads poke up from beneath the towel, nostrils and mouths billowing smoke.
A HAND ENTERS FRAME, shutting off the water suddenly.
A flurry of punches and kicks, most of which he blocks.
At this moment, Johnny is getting the proverbial shit beat out of him.
He shoves on.
Utah is struggling into a T-shirt as Pappas drives, intently following a beat-to-shit JEEP.
Tone throws Archbold and Bunker a Coors from the fridge.
They are immediately distracted by the small crowd gathering around GROMMET who has his nose pressed flat against the center of a dart board.
Throws it to Warchild.
Warchild cocks the shotgun.
JOHNNY is pissing himself.
His shot is wasted, punching plaster.
Off-guard, Tone is SLAMMED BY THE DOOR as Munoz drives into it with his shoulder.
He screams and drops to the floor.
And he's pissed as hell...  Dietz manically grabs a clump of his stringy hair.
Angelo looks at Utah like don't you say a fucking word.
Feeling a little exposed he pulls his Dodgers cap down a little tighter, and adjusts his sunglasses.
Utah center-punches a week's supply of groceries in a cart.
Utah cuts the wheel, slamming into them again.
Hanging upside down, Pappas is mightily pissed off.
The Presidents explode out of the car in a blur.
Customers are running, screaming.
He sets two other cars on fire.
Out of the black smoke, PAPPAS charges like an angry bull, his snubnose held high.
A WOMAN with a basket of washing SCREAMS as Reagan blasts past her, knocking her flying.
Screeching merges with the woman's shrill shouts as Utah slams the back screen door off its hinges.
He drop-kicks it like a goddamn field-goal right through a doorway and runs on.
From the living room we hear a rattling of keys, the front door opens and slams shut.
He moves through the room, grabbing Johnny's shirt from a chair, a pair of sneakers on the floor.
CAMERA DRIFTS back through the apartment, coming to rest on the 9mm Beretta, on the floor under the bed...  useless.
Face splitting into a shit-eating grin.
Shit.
Fuck it.
Utah starts putting the damn thing on.
Screaming down through the dawn sky at 130. Locked into the ring.
A SHOTGUN is cocked.
A FAT GUARD inside the doors.
JFK pulls her in fast and throws her to the floor.
He cocks his .38.
A teller screams.
Staggers back, firing into the floor.
The floor rushes up and smashes us in the face.
ON PAPPAS' "what the fuck?!" expression we-- LONG LENS SHOT through a forest of small planes as Pappas' sedan glides INTO FRAME.
He blanches, and starts to shut down the plane's power.
Standoff.
He cocks another round into the chamber and fires again.
We see that Utah hates this man who was his friend, his teacher, more now than he dreamed it was possible to hate.
He leaps up in an explosion of rage and drives his fists into a bulkhead.
Falling flat, he tops out at terminal velocity for that position.
He pulls the Casull's muzzle up to Bodhi's head and screams in his face.
A gleeful, adrenalized madness...  his pupils are the entrance to Hell.
Pieces of broken surfboard explode upward, only to fall back into the raging whiteness and vanish.
Smashed cars.
Taylor shifts his weight, impatient, annoyed.
He sits up, frustrated.
There is a knock at the door.
Mills is pissed.
Mills punches the heavy bag with hard, quick punches.
Mills keeps punching, skillfully.
Mills punches a little more aggressively.
He contains his anger.
On one seat, a man, quite normal looking, sits holding a porno magazine, THREE-WAY FUCK, in one hand.
Tracy's anger fades.
Mills leaves, slams the door.
The workman is looking at Somerset, has a rag in his hand to remove the last remnants of Somerset's name.
He takes a tissue from his pocket, rips pieces off and jams the pieces in his ears.
She goes into the bedroom, shuts the door behind her without a word.
ARGUMENTS and LOUD CHILDREN are HEARD from behind closed doors.
The flipping pages reveal views of heaven, hell, adoration, crucifixion and sin.
This is where the greed murder took place.
Somerset pushes the painting away, stands, frustrated.
There is only a nail.
Mills grabs a lamp and throws it on the floor.
Unhappy.
A WOMAN is HEARD SCREAMING distantly.
Mills is looking at the floor, burning with anger.
Before he can assist, the angry librarian points to the door.
He walks to a door, starts pulling at the rotting boards which seal it shut.
Mills looks at the page...  searching... Mills sits back, angry.
GUNFIRE SOUNDS and a bullet slams into door 3A behind Mills.
He and Somerset recoil in shock, going to the floor as another bullet explodes, blasting plaster off the wall.
Somerset lays flat as he and Mills crawl away from the railing, which is being shredded along with the floor around it.
Darkness.
Somerset leans to pull the door shut, puts the car in gear.
The crowd, consisting of the dregs of society, is angry.
An ANGRY COP pounds his nightstick on a glass cage.
Once they're burning steady he throws them in the sink.
He sobs.
He throws the hubcap with all his might.
He throws, grunting.
This man is screaming at the other two people to shut up.
He reaches over, grabs the metronome and throws it against the wall.
Mills is furious.
Talbot looks at Swarr with hatred.
The car turns into a lane of traffic on its way to the huge suspension bridge.
This is an affront to Doe, angers him.
Doe looks out the window at other cars, refuses to answer.
Mills fires a few futile shots into the water, out of his mind with rage.
He pulls back the top of his bullet-proof vest, exposing the microphone.
He's disoriented, furious, waving his gun, expecting Doe to be right on top of him.
He points his gun and fires into a far tunnel.
He seems calm, unloads his gun into Mills' back...  BLAM, BLAM... Mills twists, blown forward by the bullets slamming into his bullet-proof vest.
BLAM, BLAM, BLAM...  he stumbles, trying to turn and fire back, but bullets strike him down and he falls to the floor of the catwalk, gun falling from his hand.
The police helicopter circles, useless.
Somerset stops.
He coughs, choking on the gas and fumes.
Somerset is twitching with anger, looking at the gun about fifteen feet in front of him.
Doe fires his gun and the bullet slams into the front of Somerset's bullet-proof vest.
Somerset stops.
Doe squints, screaming, raises his gun.
Somerset lets out a scream of pain and rage that chokes in his throat.
Somerset looks up at Doe, vision blurred by rage and tears.
Stands, walks up towards the altar, raises his gun.
Doe screams, falling back, on the altar floor.
Doe continues to spasm, wrenching, hand slapping the bloody floor.
He continues screaming.
SMASH CUT to...  WHITE fills the frame.
She picks up her damp straw hat.
Her face is angry.
Slams shut.
The words are flat and straight.
Nor is she angry.
Nels sees the rage.
Ishmael sees the anger.
To have shown such disrespect.
A murmured...
Her mother stops.
Her mother's anger fades.
As Ishmael hits the water, the squad leader is SHOT in the face, a man five yards from Ishmael has the top of his head BLOWN AWAY, men are DROPPING in numbers under the WITHERING BURSTS of fire, the deafening ordnance sweeping over the SHRIEKS of terror and agony, and Ishmael...  ...submerges behind his pack, splashing hard, keeping its bulk ahead of him as a shield, until he can wade and swim and plunge toward shore, as hellfire CRASHES everywhere, dead bodies floating, machine-gun blasts WHIPPING the water's surface, Ishmael at...  ...the shallows now, men rising to make a run at the seawall, being CUT DOWN, Ishmael crouching in the water, watching other men draw fire, and in a moment's lull, four of them and Ishmael...  ...GO for it, lungs BURSTING, pounding MADLY up the sand, one SHOT DEAD, another SCREAMS as his knee is blown away and goes down writhing, as three men...  ...MAKE IT to the wall.
And flat against the seawall, three men watch.
All around him, a hell of men and blood and doctors and limbs and shouted curses they never showed us on M.A.S.H. Ishmael LURCHES, his eyes pop OPEN, wild and bleary...  ...seeing there, in a corner, on a pile of blood-soaked dressings...  ...his left arm.
His eyes squeeze shut.
Avuncular as hell.
And Maples LUNGES with surprising speed, to be SWEPT off his feet in a BLUR, lying FLAT on the earth, his head PINNED to the ground by the tip of Kabuo's staff.
Frustrated.
As troubled as he is.
A murmur...
He lies back.
Shuts the eyes.
Carl sucks the blood from his cut.
To the defendant.
A beat.
The door CLANGS shut.
What the hell are you talking about?
Little anger in that.
His mouth is shut.
No smile as the trap springs shut.
Expertly, Ishmael's fingers withdaw a match.
He hands the slip to the judge, who unfolds it, and...  ...stops.
Photogenic as hell.
Men screaming.
He cocks his ear, heading a low rumble.
Shrieking.
Quitting time.
Scream for daddy.
Before they can react, he throws the knives into their feet.
We stop on the CONFESSIONAL BOOTH -- a foot sticking out from the door -- FATHER KOEPPEN, body skinny and ravaged.
He squeezes his eyes shut, clutching the,rosary as we CUT TO: Garbage litters the floor.
A BOY AND HIS MOTHER wait too.
The lift door clatters shut.
There's a knock at the door.
A MESSENGER holds up a PUNCH CARD.
I gota Priority Punch.
Priest goes to a WOODEN BOX, feeding the punch card into it.
Were.the enemy.
will be stripped from the Order and excommunicated immediately.
You're a soldier.
A beat.
In an eyeblink -- Priest strips the gun from the nearby officer, CRACKING it against the trooper's head, his attack graceful and precise -- a whirlwind of PINPOINTED BLOWS and SHATTERED BONES.
His mouth drops open as -- PUNCH through the windows in unison, showering everybody with glass!
Expertly working his way through congested streets.
Quietly, A COWBOY HAT and a SHOTGUN BARREL emerge from a hole in the floor.
I'll be dammed.
Hicks eyes the salesman, coolly dismounts and adjusts his hat.
aScuse me a minute, He heads towards the crowd, the salesman continuing his pitch.
Hicks PULLS his SIX-SHOOTER, cocks it.
Immediately, the salesman quickly packs up his wares, scrambling for the van door.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Eyeing Priest, Aaron lets the Sheriff in, shutting the door behind him as he leaves.
Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil.
(hissing.).
Got Got You must got Master will be angry!
Pulls off his COWBOY HAT.
Circling above the reservation like a nest of angry hornets.
Disturbed.
You were murderers.
Attacking.
This leaves only Perched atop his crypt like a gargoyle, raging at Priest and Hicks from the depths of hell with at HORRIBLE SHRIEK.
He grabs one by the scruff of the neck.
Throws Priest into a crypt, SMASHING him through the wall, flying in after him.
The walls buckle outward, sounds like the fury of all hell being unleashed.
Killing.
Cracks his neck.
Priest quickly raises the gun and FIRES, the ash explodes, raining fiery red sparks.
I'm teaching you to kill vampires.
Ain't nothin' but a bunch of bullshit.
But before I tell you... and I hate to bring this, up -- there is the small matter regarding compensation.
A more desolate view couldn't be found in all of hell.
Everythin' growin' green as a goddamn dollar bill.
Sore.
B. A PAIR OF CRACKED BLACK GOGGLES half-buried in the dust.
C. Hicks pulls a TORN PIECE OF CLOTHING (LUCY'SDRESS?.) stashed in a rock crevice, he holds it up to Priest, GUNNING his engine as we CUT TO -- Priest and Hicks' BARRELING through the dust.
He COCKS it, making a bead for Hick's head.
That's angel shit?
WHAPI Lucy SLAMS the tray over his head and he collapses to the floor.
Priest heads into it Frustrated, Hicks kicks at the garbage.
Shit.
What the hell is that thing?I I'm not stupid.
The beast opens its mouth and lets loose with a SCREAM, its breath vile.
Waste Management.
With ascream, he's quickly SUCKED out the train, pulverized on the track.
He pulls out his six-shooter, pushing the door open with his gun, stepping inside -- The place is a mess.
'Damn.
My pop used to work boxcars before they shut down -- Why the hell would anyone wanna swallow that?
A BLACK COWBOY HAT coolly tilted down, exposing .a
Black Hat eyes him.
As if on command, the finger retreats back into the jacket, Lucy COLLAPSING to the floor coughing and choking.
Annoyed, picks up the still burning cigar, squeezing it in his hand.
The blood of their machines at full boil..
Fiercely.
Nothing is more evil than the devil.
I disagree...
Hicks cocks the gun.
He GUNS the throttle and his bike BLAZES forward, wheels thundering across the earth, the ROAR of engines filling our head becoming -- The mad CLATTER of the train as it barrels down the tracks.
GUNNING the throttle, mod.
He's greeted by a sight that makes his blood freeze: Long black boxes lined in orderly rows, flickering light bouncing warmly off their mahogany casings -- The sound of DEEP TORTURED BREATHING lets us know the OCCUPANTS are asleep.
Shit.
He doesn't notice as behind hi a PX rises from one of the, coffins Priest and Black Hat eye each other, landscape whipping past at a furious rate, the train blasting along the tracks.
.but they lied.
The warriors rise, locked in a furious coil.as
ANGRY BLASTS OF STEAM vent whi te hot from between the wheels, just missing the Priestess.
Shit.
Desperate, he wrenches open the door, darting into -- and manages to SLAM the door behind him just in time as the hungry beings CRASH against itl He wedges a knife in the door-handle, bashing it with his revolver, jamming the door trapped shut.
He hangs in tatters, desperately clinging to the undercarriage, face and body punched with bruises and blood.
He SCREAMS, sinking a KNIFE in Hicks' side!
'Dam.
ANOTHER ARM breaks through the small window, clawing at the air, the door BANGING REPEATEDLY against the chain.
PLANK slams him over the head, knocking the gun from his hand.
PUNCHES through the teeming mass.
Lies before it.
Black Hat stands triumphant, flames rising behind him.
throat, LIFTING him off the floor, SQUEEZING the life from him, "And all hell followed with him."
Black Hat stops, his eyes snapping upward.
The Monsignors lunge but Priest manages to jam the doors shut, locking them in.
Priest presses against the door, it SPLINTERS all around him, the terrible sound RISING until finally it stops.
Hicks stands his ground, cocking his gun.
The Japanese valets look up at the noise.
Vivian doesn't smile back at her, and looks even a bit angry.
Full shot on Hollywood Boulevard traffic, with the Lotus, seen from the front in the middle of the traffic.
He gives her the glass, and she immediately drinks it.
She screams with a wide open mouth.
Vivian stops in the middle of the room, behind Edward's back.
The room is a mess.
The projection stops.
The TV shuts off.
A saleswoman put a black hat on Vivian's head.
Suddenly he sees her, and immediately stops talking to his employees.
Vivian takes her hat off and falls into an armchair.
Vivian takes her hat, jumps from the car down on the ground, and walks toward David.
Vivian stands up, and takes Edward's cellphone away from his ear, and shuts it.
The stupid girl giggles again.
Same shot.
Vivian puts down a large hat box on the floor, and she walks to the front door.
He puts his briefcase down on the floor and walks into the room.
She glares at him.
Edward looks at his hand, who seems to hurt him after the violent punch he gave to Philip.
He picks up Philip's briefcase and throws it through the open door.
The hell you are! Blaze jumps on his bike - a muscular, battered BSA.
Screams out the shop leaving Little Mike holding his ears.
Stands it back up, kicks it alive, guns the throttle and -- -- cold jumps straight out of the car.
Roxanne looks pissed -- like this isn't the first time this has happened.
I'm not riding one of those stupid horses.
I'm gonna get my shit together.
What's wrong?
I fucked up.
Roxanne SCREAMS.
Whatever punishment awaits Blaze can't be any worse than the hell he's living through now.
A wide-brimmed cowboy hat.
She's dying.
Rain SCREAMS.
And lock the doors.
She raises the revolver -- Back the fuck off!
SMACK!
He aims the Glock at her face, about to pull the trigger as -- You can fucking have it!
Fuck.
The demon hauls a deep curve, powers up onto his rear wheel -- What the fuck?! WHAT THE FUCK?! Albright FIRES his shotgun.
THUNDERING past like an Amtrak train, the Ghost Rider PUNCHES a flaming fist right through Albright'-, face.
He suppresses a sob, fumbling a hypodermic as he fills it with stolen morphine.
Angry with himself, Blaze throttles his bike to the max, howling over the next rise on his back wheel, probably hitting one-fifteen as he vanishes from view.
The dead?
Blaze stops, cocks an eyebrow at Nomi.
Vengeance.
How do I make him lift the curse?
How the hell should I know?
She's a fucking freak, alright?
Starke and Coyote stare at each other, indifferent to the storm raging around them- He starts towards the rental office.
The dust storm has taken on Biblical proportions, whipping and roiling around him, becoming an extension of his fury.
The Boy shuts his eyes.
You believe that shit, the whole country's being overrun by those bug-eyed motherfuckers.
Punched his head clean off!
Nomi tell you what a blue ribbon slut she was?
Blaze steps forward now, angry, threatening.
-w-w--wait!! !
So unless the idea of learning to drive a wheelchair with your mouth sounds appealing, I suggest you apologize to my friend and tell us WHERE THE FUCK BILLY- I don't know!
Billy-Ray hated her from the moment she was born.
Shit, they've got us trapped here.
He SLAMS her against the wall, twisting her arm behind her back.
He FIRES his gun again and again, but the bullets just punch through Blaze, creating more flaming holes- Blaze keeps on coming, unstoppable.
soul, the fire expanding, engulfing Doyle.
Keep your fucking voices down!
They're headed North, into Oregon, oh, god, fuck -- Where?
I warned you what you were getting into.
I'm just so fucking tired -- Nomi moves to his side, struggles to help him up.
He shuts them a moment, opens them again -- -- and it's Roxanne who is laying beside him now.
Walk up and bitch-slap him?
Pretend you're Schwarzenegger and fire a bazooka up his hind ass?
He SEES a scarecrow go by, standing ragged in the middle of nowhere.
Landsdale cocks an eyebrow.
So shut your goddamn mouth -- You can't tell me what to do.
Carrigan settles back, but he's pissed.
I'm just the dumb-ass that financed your whole fucking life.
And what did I get for that selfless act of stupidity?
Make you into a fucking hood ornament if he wants to.
Odell punches a new station, but the STATIC continues, grows -- Rain ATTACKS, stabbing the pen into Odell's thigh.
Man, she shot you? (off Carrigan's nod, disbelief.)
What's the damage?
Fuck.
Carrigan fumes, glances at Rain -- then he just snaps, starts angrily kicking at the door.
Once again, Fate is royally fucking him.
Last thing we need is a gang of pissed-off speed freaks on our tail.
Well, I'll tell you, I got nineteen brothers out there willing to go the distance and enough firepower to give a small Balkan nation a fucking titty- twister.
He and Chester here, we're not afraid of fuck-diddly!
Ninety, and not a nickel less, you fucking pillow-biter.
Where the fuck is the kid?
What the fuck does "truculent" mean?
(cocking the Anaconda.)
Shit.
What-is this, fucking charades?! It's h,jM, you- ass-holes !
(to Gunt, nerves failing.)
Bike and demon cartwheel crazily into the cargo bed, SLAMMING explosively against the back window of the cab.
Nomi floors it again.
Nomi SCREAMS.
The hell you doing?
I need the kid alive!!! Fuck the kid and FUCK YOU!!! Chester aims the launcher again.
SHATTERS.
He SCREAMS, blood pouring from his eyes.
The cell door SLAMS.
5-ba fucking knows.
(a choking sob.) -- you didn't tell us -- what he was Carrigan starts to slip away.
here and now, cocking the gun, turning it back on himself.
suppressing a sob.
He lowers the gun, weeping with frustration and -- freezes, head cocked like he heard a voice.
Rhymer moves to it, latches it shut again.
CRUNCH!
THUMP!
(looking at Rain, accusing.)
CRUNCH!
CRUNCH!
What the fuck --?! in the frame -- Carrigan peers back, moonlight illuminating his face.
Rhymer sinks to the floor.
He waves the shotgun at the others -- Open the fucking door!
Rhymer recovers, throws himself at Nunez, tries stop him from opening it.
Dragged SCREAMING into the storm of mouths and claws.
The Norton SCREAMS.
The burning room SHUDDERS with each impact -- Ghost Blaze uses his chains, but he's weak, and Scarecrow turns them back on him, SMASHES him against the walls.
who -- the fuck -- are you, anyway?
Vengeance.
Metabolizes the fury.
Beat.
Without her moon, the earth went insane.
Most were killed in the floods, as the cities came down, as everything caught fire.
Jack punches controls that won't respond.
Jack punches it.
He REACHES, flips the Drone's fuel cell door shut.
Jack drops down through what used to be a roof...  into the READING ROOM OF THE NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY.
He STARES at the expanse of SHELVES that line the walls, stripped and empty.
Best leave that alone...
INHUMAN SCREAMS.
It's awful.
She stops moving and her body rises towards his.
She winces, that wasn't the greatest lie.
Stop yelling.
Jack hating this but...  Negative.
He heads straight into the burning wreckage, into hell.
Behind Jack, plasma rounds impact the Pod with the man in it, the metal going nova, collapsing... Cannon fire erupts all around him! TWO DRONES settle on the site, their weapons kicking out energy, locking on and destroying Pods...  NO! NO! They're firing on the ship.
A moment of insane bravado, Jack un-shoulders his weapon, strafes the Drone with gunfire which knocks it back.
Well, what the hell are you waiting for?
They destroyed the other survivors.
Stares at her. Really angry.
He sets her down as she painfully wretches, then SUCKS IN AIR.
Beat.
Darkness.
He sucks in on the end of a cigar.
She REALIZES something, wheels on Beech, angry.
Angry...
You're wasting time.
And then a SOB breaks from her lips.
Eager to find out where the Bubbleship is headed, she punches up the live feed.
Go to hell.
Beat.
Beat...
She's dead.
She's dead!
Beat.
DAMN YOU!
Beat.
Beat.
A Drone EXPLODES but Drone 166 and another blast through the smoke, firing.
It's dead.
It REVOLVES quickly, sensing for ...  SMASH!
He punches the throttle.
Jack works controls, punches at the display.
Son of a bitch, old man...  Words die on his lips as he tracks the plume of smoke from the downed Drone 166, lifting over a nearby ridge.
It lies smashed and smoking at the bottom of an incline.
He fits here.
He turns the Bubbleship, towards still lies there, but Jack 2 is GONE.
He was arrogant, and annoying, and the best man I'd ever known.
People SCREAM...  Cutting to War Footage.
Camera hits dirt.. SMASH!
Jack continues on, towards a huge DOOR.
Leave the -- And right now, I want to see what you're made of...  Jack GUNS his ship at the large doors, OPENING UP with canons as he does.
He turns, DIRECTLY TO THE LENS, pissed off.
We get them down on the greasy floor, Lane controlling them with the shotgun.
Our POV is whipping around, from the front door to the owner to the kitchen where Lane is standing in the doorway covering the cook and busboy, back to the owner as he steps back from the cash-register.
Now yelling, herding the owner and the waitress into the kitchen, the owner trying to calm the girl in singsongy Thai, Lane shouting at him to shut up.
We follow Lane to the car.
Shit!  Cop Black-and-White pulling into the far end of the alley.
Tinkling glass as Lane moves.
A frenzy now.
Our hands pulling Lane out.
Lane grabbing him, throwing him out of the way, holding the door open as we dive through into-- A stairwell.
Blasting through it, behind Lane, onto the roof.
Slipping down.
Though it is illegal.
Lenny works the cellular, gets messages on his DIGITAL PAGER, weaves in and out of traffic -- punches the buttons on his radio, changing stations all the time.
Lenny cuts him off, punching to another station, and MUSIC blasts.
Anger and energy.
Nearby a crowd jeers, shouting insults.
She struggles.
She comes half out the window, screaming.
Lenny's crib is a shit-box.
The bachelor apartment from hell.
Lenny sucks on the popsicle while he puts the night's wardrobe together.
What the hell?
Lenny runs after his car, yelling, watching it recede.
Lenny opening the door before the car stops.
She hates it that she can't resist his pathetic charm.
The pain and rage of an entire, hell-bent tormented planet on its eve of judgment.
Holy shit.
Fuck you.
Beemer shoves Lenny into the alley and shuts the door behind him.
He punches PLAY.
He pushes her hand away and punches PLAY.
IT FLOODS INTO HIS HEAD AGAIN.
She holds his shoulders while he throws up again.
The cavernous loft is sparsely but very expensively furnished.
Corto slams the gate shut and slaps a button to lower the lift.
And he slaps her.
Lenny tries to keep the door shut, but Duncan wrenches it open.
It's goddamn humiliating.
She is cocking back the other arm for a pile-driver punch when...  Suddenly a dark shape materializes behind her.
Mace grabs him and pulls him out of the room, then slams the metal firedoor behind them, locking it with a piece of junk wedged behind the release bar.
Oh shit.
They are listening to "The Prophets of Rage" on a CD player, and watch Lenny with a dispassion that flirts with distaste.
Lenny and Mace swap a look: oh shit.
Then he points his pistol at Lenny's head, about to fire-- Which is when the pissed-off Rottweiller shoots through the open gate like a black torpedo and tears into Engelman's leg.
Spreg's face is a mask of rage.
The Lexan-laminated windows are cracked to hell, but the rounds don't come all the way through.
Lenny is punching his cellular.
Mace slams the car into gear and floors it.
Curtis swears.
But he shuts up and drives.
There are flashes and explosions.
Mace and Lenny go into the kitchen and shut the door.
Jeriko is righteously pissed off.
Fucking cops.
Spreg is white-lipped with rage.
Diamanda screams.
For a beat.
Mace looks from one to the other with a growing expression of outrage.
Tran backhands her furiously, his face thin- lipped with rage.
They start shoving through the crowd like juggernauts, knocking protesting people out of the way.
Corto eyes her with hatred.
As they are putting him in the car, TWO LAPD OFFICERS come through the crowd, eyeing the bleeding Lenny.
The posse get out, scowling at the valet who swallows his protest.
Lenny punches END.
Mace's frustration explodes as anger.
But it is so painful.
And she's out of the car, leaving the keys, ignoring the protesting horns behind her.
When the doors whoosh closed and Lenny's left alone there's only the sound of Muzak Christmas carols.
Oh shit.
We're talking a John Wayne haymaker punch.
Corto screams and grabs his face.
She is freaking out.
Tran freaks at that point but Max jams the gun deep into his throat, up to the trigger guard, choking off his words.
He punches PLAY.
Max puts his hand over Tran's mouth to muffle his screams as the input hits his brain like a screaming chainsaw of static from Hell.
CUT TO: A brief, violent flash from the Jeriko tape: Spreg shoots Jeriko.
Max is stronger and heavier than Lenny, but Lenny has one advantage: Max has managed to make him really angry.
Max punches Lenny brutally in the face, then in the gut, and grabs him with both hands.
Lenny staggers off the wall into several vicious punches from Max.
Lenny punches Max in the throat and jerks away, pulling the knife handle out of Max's hand.
He jerks it out of himself.
She sags to the floor.
Mace comes up to him silently from behind the tower and hammer punches him behind the ear with the butt of her pistol.
ENGELMAN LUNGES, grabbing a gun from the holster of the closest cop.
SPREG, the street-monster cop, RISES IN SLOW MOTION.
He has a gun so they can't rush him.
Several officers shout at him to drop the weapon.
The door slams.
The Fly Club, Roosevelt punched the Porc.
You're breaking up with me?
I haven't slept with the door guy, the door guy's a friend of mine.
It'll be because you're an asshole.
Erica Albright'as a bitch.
THREE COES, dressed kill, are talking BOUNCER.
To watch the bottom 200's heads explode.
Get the fuck out, The three guys go on their drunken way as we SLOWLY PUSH IN on ERICA who's frozen in her humiliation and then The left!
Holy shit.
22,000 hits?
As the heavy wooden door from the hearing slams shut behind MARK.
Everybody's mad at me now.
It reads "Asshole".
Did I insult your girlfriends?
MARK gives a short shrug that says both "I don't know" and "Fuck you" at the same time.
I got punched by the Phoenix.
You got punched by the Phoenix.
MARK and EDUARDO come outside and are immediately met by the freezing cold air.
They're suggesting I was jealous of Eduardo and began a plan to screw him out of the company.
Were you? 42, Jealous of Eduardo?
What are the three lies?
Mr. Dowd, The three lies-- Shit!
You used our whole fuckin' idea!
DIVYA shuts his laptop, grabs it off the table and starts to bolt out of the pub.
Shit.
Asshole knows who I am.
That this thing is in dispute.
He'll say it's stupid.
Oh shit, that makes sense.
As MARK and EDUARDO walk on, we leave STUART, VIKRAM and BOB in the background---with STUART and VIKRAM admonishing BOB with-- Are you a moron?/Are you medically stupid?/You can't recognize Bill Gates when he's standing in front of you for an hour?/Mark Zuckerberg now thinks we got into Harvard on a dimwit scholarship./I'm
I find that to be mildly annoying.
I had to swear an oath before we began the deposition phase and I don't want to get arrested for perjury so I have a legal obligation to say no.
Shit.
You called me a bitch on the internet, Mark.
The internet's not written in pencil, Mark, it's written in ink and you published that Erica Albright was a bitch.
You write your bullshit from a dark room because you're a failure at human contact.
It was an honest mistake on ERICA's part but a kidney punch to Okay.
They hate doing stories about Harvard.
MARK nods.., You really hate the Winklevoss twins, don't you.
I want a damn meeting with the-president of this school.
What's wrong?
(a little frustrated with this Sir, it's against University rules to steal.
Who the hell is this?
In court.
Shit.
You were accused of animal, cruelty- Is this a Doke?
It's bullshit, it's one of the other clubs playing a prank.
The marlins and the trout?! What the hell?
Get the door!
Fuck Wikipedia, Mark, no you don't.
And I would have business cards printed up that said, "I'm CEO.. .Bitch.
The two boats are neck and neck coming out of the bridge.
And they're neck and neck.
Oh what a bullshit cliche: You think we Cam.
Music, drinks, uniformed waiters, blazers and hats everywhere.
Fuck you, you fucking little-- Casa.
court.
Hang on.
SEAN opens the door and the soaking wet EDUARDO is standing there...  What the hell.
EDUARDO walks into the house and surveys the wreckage-- What in hell happened here?
She's insanely jealous and she's irrational and she's violent.
EDUARDO is asleep on top of the covers in the un-air conditioned apartment when he wakes up to the sound of a key in the door; One lock un-locks, then another-- Hello?
Are you mocking me?
Do I look stupid to you? No. Calm down.
EDUARDO clicks the phone shut.
And you're gonna say, "Sean Parker says 'Fuck you.'
SEAN looks up to the windows of a high floor, points, and says-- Fuck.
You set me up. 1. 49. You're gonna blame me because you were the business head of the company and you made a bad business deal with your own company?! It's gonna be like I'm not part of Facebook.
You think we were gonna let you parade around in your ridiculous suits pretending you were running this company?
What the fuck is he talking about?
You had me accused of animal cruelty.
Seriously, what the fuck is up with the chicken?
You better lawyer-up, asshole, 'cause I'm not comin' for my 30 percent, I'm comin' after everythin g Get him outa here.
Hang on.
.then suddenly and quickly cocks his fist back to punch him in the face.
Shit.
MARK clicks the phone shut.
The THIEF.
The WHINE of a motor, and the pane pulls UP, the Thief expertly POPPING it into place.
Re-hangs it.
Steps...  ...onto a bookshelf, reaches up to punch out an overhead grating, and...  Disappears into the vent.
Halogen flashlight leading the way, our Thief shimmies down the narrow space, arriving at...  ...an open vertical AIR SHAFT, BLASTING air straight up the 100 floor height of the skyscraper, with frightening FORCE.
Shit.
This fucking kid.
This guy would be more fun to fuck than fight.
Breathtaking would be an insult.
He stares for a long moment, a veneer of philosophical almost masking his rage.
Sliding in...  Shutting the door.
The hulk listens with stone attention to Mac's rant, as if he actually gave a shit.
Flat against one side is an ENVELOPE, which Sumo Guy PALMS skillfully, slipping it seamlessly INTO his pocket as he withdraws a small MATCH BOX.
The old couple RUSH to Mac, SHRIEKING their rage and grief in Japanese, Gin is trying to calm them as bystanders gather, but Mac cuts through...
Mac pulls gauze strips from the kit, SOAKS them in bogus gore, expertly WRAPS his leg, then FLUSHES the prosthetic DOWN the hole.
Exiting into...  Past a changing area, vending machines, guys bullshitting.
She is freaking out.
Hands Mac's billfold to one of the cops, pushes her way through the mob, and...  ...TAKES OFF down the corridor, a security guard in belated pursuit, we go...  ...WITH her DOWN the hallway, WHEEL around a corner, flat-out SPRINTING, SKIDS to a stop at the right doorway and BURSTS INTO...
He pulls OUT the coiled black satin cloth strip, SNAPS it free, microchips snug to the underside.
Locks the door.
Fucking great.
SNAPS the phone shut.
SPRINTING down the garbage-strewn hallway, throws OPEN the men's room door, BURSTING IN on...  ...a wispy OLD GUY taking a leak through a HOLE in the floor.
She looks down through the piss hole.
Shouts back, against the noise...
He is stripping off his slickers.
Fucking.
He is stone.
SHIT!
She is furious.
HEAR a SLAM-THWOCK!
Punches RECORD, PLUGS the scanner INTO his laptop.
He PULLS them up, until she can GRAB ON.
He looks plenty angry.
JUMPS down to the floor.
To where no suction things are lying.
She has a split-second to LEAP down, the train SAILS beneath her, Gin's feet GRAZE the back end of the platform at the rear of the car, she SWIPES DESPERATELY with the magnets, can't connect, and is THROWN into a ROLL along the side of the tracks.
She's UP on her knees, watching the train SLAM into the massive blue PADS at the end of the track.
And the train...  ...BLASTS toward him, he counts, JUMPS, and SLAMS ONTO the ROOF of the train, which PLOWS into the heavy padding, FLINGING him twenty feet like a rag doll to land in a HEAP.
It will be a bitch to lift.
He drops the chopsticks, rising in one fluid motion as Gin does the same, throwing some bills on the table, he leads her...  ...OUT the door, INTO the street, step OFF the curb, turn, DROP flat on his back, SLIDE DOWN the gutter, Gin following a split- second behind...
The ALARM SCREAMS here, too, and massive steel doors CLANG open, as 25 SOLDIERS with assault rifles SWARM out onto the landing, taking up sharpshooter positions, weapons pointing back up the track.
The train ROARS into view, FLASHES beneath them, as he GRABS her wrist and...  ...JUMPS, HURTLING DOWN, both STRIKING the empty rear platform, Gin slipping off, but he HOLDS her fast, SWIPING with his magnet which...  ...CLANKS hard, LOCKS solid.
He PULLS her onto the platform, she looks dazed, clinging to him, he tugs her gas mask into place, slips on his own, and...  ...FITS a magnetic DEVICE from his belt loop ONTO the door lock, SPINS a dial on the device, which POPS the lack OPEN, Mac BURSTING...  ...THROUGH the door, lobbing a GAS GRENADE at the startled guards, who try to whirl and FIRE through the fog of red smoke, two wild SHOTS above the rolling Mac, and they are felled by the gas where they stand.
SMASH CUT...  Mac JUICING the box, the deafening TONE competing with the sirens, the gunshots, Gin SHRIEKING as she points through a blasted-out window...
The driver fighting to hold it steady, as...  ...the guards begin to CLAMBER over the side, GRASPING for the platform's rails, one goes DOWN screaming onto the tracks, but two MAKE IT, then a third, they BURST...  ...INTO the train to see...  Nothing.
As we STREAK toward the VENT, Gin lifts her gun, SHOOTS at it, a cable-attached PROJECTILE EXPLODING toward the target, OPENING in mid-flight to a three-pronged HOOK, which...  ...FALLS just SHORT, the hook tumbling to CLANG on the tracks, as Mac...  ...FIRES his, the projectile EXPLODING, the hook OPENING and...  ...BITES into the wall, only four feet from the vent, its cable stretching back to the gun in Mac's hand, we're almost there, and Mac slips the pistol...  ...
They FLASH PAST the vent, Mac RELEASES her magnet, Gin's freed hand GRASPING to join the other at the pistol, as she...  ...ROCKETS up, CATAPULTED back toward the vent by the retractable cable, as a RIFLE APPEARS from a window beneath us, taking aim at Gin, and Mac...  KICKS it off line, the shot BOOMING, the guard almost dropping the weapon, then SWINGING it back UP, slamming the muzzle directly INTO Mac's GROIN, as Mac... ... GRASPS the barrel, YANKING it up, SLIPS the shot SCREAMING past his head, PULLING the guard half out the window to KICK his face, sending him DOWN to the tracks, as we CAREEN around a curve, seeing in distance now... ... the END of the line, the massive BARRACKS LANDING, the phalanx of TROOPS, the fifth and final AIR VENT midway between us.
Traffic beyond gridlock.
She slips them on.
A hoarse...
A murmured...
Shit.
Bending to clean the mess, he slips from his waistband a flat CIRCUIT BOARD with a bank logo and a three-pronged plug.
A logo APPEARS of a POPPING Champagne BOTTLE, whose spray forms a Union Jack twined with a PRC flag, everyone SHOUTS, cheers or curses, and we SMASH CUT...  BACK to Gin...striking ENTER, the screen flashing TRANSACTIONS XJ6 Her screen flashes TRANSACTIONS XJ6 COMPLETED, hear her SHRIEK of ecstasy, as we...  INTERCUT...Bank of China where dark screens suddenly LIGHT with the same stupid PARTY LOGO.
SLAMS it shut.
He PLUNGES his hand into her shoulder bag...  Pulls OUT two PLASMA GRENADES, and FLINGS one toward the elevator cables three floors down and it... ... EXPLODES in a horrifying FIREBALL, causing PANDEMONIUM in the lobby below, the elevator cables BLOWN AWAY, cars PLUNGING, the yellow smoke momentarily screening us from the soldiers far below, and Mac HURLS the second grenade... ... STRAIGHT DOWN and the fireball WIPES OUT the staircase, a huge section of ninth floor landing RAINING down on the lobby.
UP they go, two stairs at a time, the lowest glass-and-spiderweb-steel CANOPY is three floors above us, the cacophany of SHOUTS below is like an amplified insane asylum.
So he reaches into her bag, pulls out the grenade, and THROWS it...  ...STRAIGHT up.
He THROWS a lever and the crane's arm begins to SWING in a circle, finally taking the ball WITH it, and as she SCREAMS, Mac...  ...POUNCES out of the cab, RACING along the edge of the roof, NOT toward the ball which is sweeping the hysterical Gin in a widening ARC, but toward the point where he thinks the ball will clear the edge, and JUST as it does, he...  ...LEAPS aboard, throwing one arm around the hook, the other around her, and they go...  ...OVER the side, WHOOSHING DOWN in a gigantic, every-increasing LOOP, as the endless steel cable UNWINDS from its huge drum like a fishing reel hooked onto a killer whale.
SNAPS the phone shut.
The train STOPS.
They REACT, pull their weapons, but it's a stand-off.
She sobs.
The doors HISS SHUT.
Damn straight.
Damn, I forgot to give him my card.
Are you nuts?
And objects.
Damn straight.
CRUNCH.
What's wrong?
We're dead.
Now let's get Cloverfield onto the recreational vehicle and get the fuck off MacArthur's Black Mile.
Damn it!
I hate it when you get the closed ones, right?
Are you fucking insane?
Get off me, you fucking psycho!
Where the hell did you go? Nowhere.
It's hot.
Also, I'm a shit driver.
I know, fucking stupid, isn't it?
Oh you know, kickin' back, shooting the shit.
Fuck, that made me jump.
Shit.
I'm hungry That's my father.
What?! I'm fucking with you, man.
Area 51 is just full of old Pan Am jets and mini disc players and shit.
There is a knock at the door.
CLIVE give GRAHAM a " what the hell are you thinking?' Look as RUTH comes aboard.
You have been deceived.
Man, that way was one fat freak!
MOSES's expression is mixture of fury and disbelief.
Ruth! Leave me alone!
So childish.
He's weird and also, rude.
Loud giggles, followed by angry shushing from ZOIL.
Angry.
Holy shit!
It's the space faggots that dinged the fuck-mobile!
Leave her alone!
He said, leave her alone.
They immediately spring up and lunge after the MEATHEADS who turn their attention to the attack.
A chair smashes across MOSES's head, knocking him out.
Behind him, bloodied and angry are the two MEATHEADS.
Get in the RV! SMASH CUT.
The RV tears off into the night, leaving MOSES BEHE bellowing with anger and the Lincoln Escalade, shiny, mean, fucked.
He was so angry.
Fuck you!
Shoot.
Beat.
Next to him is a child, (8.) small enough to see under PAUL's hat.
We're going to get a fucking promotion.
Screw Zoil! MOSES BEHE kicks at the remains of the campfire.
Where the hell do you think you're going?
ZOIL gets into his car leaving HAGGARD looking pissed.
Zoil, what the hell's going on?
I'm getting a little tired of this shit.
Holy shit!
GRAHAM knocks on the door.
Leave me alone!
CLIVE stops him.
O'REILLY is vaporized in a ball of orange fire.
The farmhouse explodes.
CLIVE floors it.
What the hell is he doing?! Zoil.
Now wait a goddamn minute!
I don't give a shit who's in command.
HAGGARD's car screams past.
Son of a bitch!
Steam rises from the radiator.
What the hell is going on?
Jesus Christ, Zoil, this has been one fuck up after another.
Oh shit.
The bullet explodes from the gun, straight at us.
That's why I put you in charge of this fucking mission.
You stupid son of a bitch.
Blind fury.
Leave him alone!
Leave her alone!
Leave them alone.
Come here you fucking geeks.
Shooting towards doors of lifts.
CAMERA TRACKS BACK and TILTS UP onto JACK throwing ball against wall.
He looks at door cam.L and slows down, stopping.
M.S. JACK groans as he lies on floor.
sobbing.
KNOCK ON DOOR OFF.
He kicks coffee pots on floor, then sweeps rings off stove onto floor.
HE YELLS and grabs his wrist.
JACK lying on his back on floor.
JACK, lying on his back on the floor GROANING, starts to come to.
KNOCK ON DOOR OFF.
KNOCK ON DOOR OFF.
WENDY SCREAMS WENDY standing at side of door.
WENDY SCREAMS.
WENDY screams.
WENDY SCREAMS.
WENDY SCREAMS.
WENDY SCREAMS OFF.
M.C.S. WENDY holding knife SCREAMS.
JACK YELLS OFF.
Snowcat stops.
JACK, holding axe, YELLS as he steps from behind pillar cam.R and moves towards HALLORAN.
Shooting from door.
S. HALLORAN's body lying on floor.
CAMERA PANS with her - she stops cam.R.f.g. and SCREAMS.
She throws down knife.
he's an asshole.
Tell him no...  Tell him no too... Him, tell fuck you...  Yeah... Uh huh...
Nobody muscles Eddie Black Especially a bunch of fucks.
SNIP! Black screams.
SNIP! Black screams.
He punches away at a keyboard and takes the readout.
Get those suckers too drunk to fragment.
He punches the wall.
Ten month ago...  ninety nine minute... BAM BAM...  Yakitito punches the wall again and again.
Remain object --- He is cut off as Yakitito punches the wall again and again to punctuate his speech.
He takes a sip, cocks his head, nods.
Dr. Westlake punch the wall!
Dr. Westlake punch the wall!
What the hell!
Damn prostate.
They irritate Julie, and he leaves them everywhere!
Julie punches a number into the phone.
You can no more ask me to destroy it than I could ask you to destroy one of your buildings.
pulls him up and slams him into the wall.
lies immobile.
He stops in his tracks.
He shakes in a choked sob.
An emotion awakens from deep wit the prititive portion of his brain, his "rage spot".
The papers were destroyed in the fire.
Then I show you...  how to scream.
He is looking at Darkman/Pauly. shrugs an exaggerated "haw-would-I-know?" Guzman is too angry to notice.
Durant piss me off.
How de hell should we know where Rick is?
I swear to God, Mr. Durant, I didn't make the pick-uP!
they rob you of y you'll accuse me of pleading for sympathy again.
Okay...  okay... remain stab fragment.
Control the rage.
She stops, immobilized.
I Bad.
As Cop 2 slaps a pair of cuffs onDurant.
Hung Fat is waiting for an explosion.
How can he tolerate this?
letting Hung Fat pump his hand like an idiot.
Above, filling the top half of the frame: The Darkman's evil eyes, through the rippling heat of the cigar.
Son of a bitch set me up with the cops and you practically hand him the cash!
What the hell you lookin'at?! SHOOT retrains his gun on the fallen Durant who covers his face.
He grabs Guzman's gun and runs after his alter-ego.
Goddamn it man...
No. Take a fucking squad of marines with you! tosses him the penlight.
still waiting, nerves on edge.
There, lies madness; a dark river of evil rage.
Oh shit, man.
Where the hell are you going?
throw blue sparks into the darkness.
The bullet is dislodged from the wound and drops on the table.
The pyramid explodes.
Peyton is fighting to contain his rage. in clipped words, between gasps for breath: It matters.
Shaking under the pressure of contained rage, his vein bulging, throbbing.
Get lost!
In a voice hoarse with rage: Take it!
356 Peyton stares at her. Rage ebbs.
coward! 378 She angrily shoves the computer off the table.
He is shaken by a silent sob.
is kicked open as Smiley and Guzman enter, guns ps blazing, shooting the lab to hell.
crumples to the floor.
What the fuck is going on down there?!
I want that son of a bitch eliminated!
And I don't want his fingers, I want his fucking head!
The son of a bitch malfunctioned my helicopter.
Go to hell.
The Darkman tumbles, limbs flailing, bellowing with rage.
Savage punches send Strack reeling--BAM!--he
SHRIEKS and reality melts around him as he tastes the hot soup of rage.
Atop a circus platform, he does an angry jig.
He wears a funny little hat.
It disgusts you.
top.location.href=location.href
Ellie arrives and immediately gets into it.
Baker's head involuntarily cocks as he looks disgustedly at Nedry.
Nedry sucks in a huge gulp of air.
There is turbulence.
Another violent shake.
He throws open the copter door next to Grant.
He curses and exits.
Gennaro holds in his fury.
The security door seals shit, leaving Nedry and Arnold alone again.
Hammond yells over the loud WHIRR.
TWO ELECTRIC CARS glide to a stop behind them.
Punch 'em up.
Grant scratches one of the blisters with his ball-point pen.
Automatically, with a soft hiss, the glass roofs of the cruisers slide shit.
He sucks in his gut to make the crawl out of  the narrow space.
Hammond's annoyed, but contains it.
Nedry punches in a code.
- Nedry's fat finger punching a last key.
Wu smashes through the door.
Yanks him to a stop.
Grant and Gennaro or Tim and Lex? Timmy slams the door shut.
Blasts him.
Then SLAM.
Inside, the kids are THROWN back and forth, SHOVED against each other, and finally FLUNG against the top of the car as the cruiser FLIPS.
INSIDE - he slams the door and shoves the trashcan against the door.
ON THE INTERIOR DOOR - The Rex smashes right through the steel-clad door.
Lex SCREAMS.
Timmy SCREAMS!
The jeep crashes though the fence, bounces down a cement culvert, and dives into a raging gully.
Nedry curses.
Again, the HOOT!
Nedry's head cocks.
He SCREAMS.
Nedry pulls open the jeep door, thrusts his head in, slams it against the door frame.
Nedry lets out an ear-splitting SCREAM and the car horn BLARES.
Timmy lies against a spidered side window, his head pressed against the door handle.
CRACK!
CRACK!
CRACK!
CRACK!
CRACK!
He SCREAMS.
Regis jumps up again and screams at the beast.
Regis SCREAMS and in the middle, the scream cuts off.
Ellie jumps and SCREAMS.
Timmy stops.
More cracks.
She SCREAMS.
Lex YELLS: reakfast!
Behind her, Grant and Timmy shout for her to stop.
Ellie boils over.
Lex stops.
Lex SCREAMS.
THUMP.
He's knocked to the raft floor.
Hammond SCREAMS.
He kicks open the door.
Steam pours out.
Standing in the thick steam, Muldoon yells for Arnold.
Muldoon yells again.
Muldoon curses and leaves.
She YELLS: Muldoon yells for her to wait but stops when he realizes that this may be their best plan.
SMASH!
Ellie SCREAMS as a raptor lunges at her.
Wu screams, runs spastically.
Wu and the raptor are neck-and-neck , equally close to the open door.
Muldoon slams the door shut on Wu and the raptor.
Wu's screams are horrific.
The raptor dodges and darts, grabbing this one, smashing that one.
The raptor immediately begins to gnaw at the iron bars that block the skylight.
Ellie screams and screams.
She barks into it.
Tim leaps and slams the heavy freezer door shut.
The Hamachi-Hood sequencers explode in a heap of punch cards and magnetic tape as the kids race by.
The kids SCREAM.
In desperation he stabs at the keyboard below the touch screen.
He punches the ESCAPE button.
Tim punches the screen which displays FARRELL, F Grant reads it and nods.
Hammond stops.
away, leaving an angry T-Rex alone.
Unnoticed by the frustrated Rex, Hammond slips away and walks into the jungle.
`Fuck you,' screamed Kelly, `Fuck you to hell!' Scott stepped back from the cell door as the gob of spit flew.' Sitting at a barn window is American academic Glen McCreavy ; a physically awkward man, more at home with his intellect than his body.
Cock pie.
The cow starts to piss.
He shuts his eyes in desperation.
Fucking bingo!
What a dump.
You know, Haddition's always packed with pissed Londonites on a Friday.
This hits a nerve.
You lying PIG!
He shuts the door in relief.
I hate myself.
I hate myself.
When the hat is on, it means don't speak.
What the fuck have you done to yourself?
You stupid prick.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
To annoy people like you.
You're making yourself ridiculous.
She's had a shit time but she'll still call him.
You moron, you dumb fuck - write!
I'm wasting my sabbatical.
I'm fucking constipated.
She is dressed to kill.
Our fucking field.
Ingrid looks as if she couldn't give a damn.
Ben is getting more and more furious.
I resign.
Steve Culley is a cunt.
He punches Ben.
You fucking baby.
Tamara is walking towards the door.
Everything you've ever heard about drummers is total shit.
He gives the yellow Porsche an angry look.
Thieves and liars...  (as he serves Nicholas.)
The room - her mother's - is empty except for a mattress on the floor, clothes rail, designer bean bag and desk.
Fuck Soup.
They shoot him; I'll fucking shoot them.
Nicholas, wearing a woolly hat and scarf, is writing.
I mean fuck the ring.
What the fuck are we doing here?
Well it might be memory lane for you but it's doing my fucking head in.
It's fucking alive.
You're a sick fuck, Andy.
Andy slaps him on the back.
It's my mum's; they don't drink this shit.
Ben is reading the email looking angry and jealous.
What the fuck is this?
Ben, furious, starts drumming again.
Tamara boiling with frustration, walks away.
Tamara is on the phone at the far end of the flat.
Ben's really pissed off.
Going through your stuff, prob'ly wearing your fucking pants - No way!
I know Fran fucked my best friend but at least she was straight with me.
Depressed.
Are you in trouble?
They're rooks.
Oh fuck off.
The pub is shut.
You can throw me right out.
No. Am I here as revenge on your ex?
Sorry everybody; traffic was a pig.
He's fit.
She's insisting he leaves.
You fucking little slut.
They are outraged.
Fucking `D' list.
I hate him.
Fat arse though, hasn't she?
He's a rotten cheater.
Let's fuck him up.
Shit salad.
Fucking bingo.
Tamara, dressed for a walk, heads down the lane.
She's asking for it; slut.
You stupid cow!
You hate festivals.
You'll hate it.
Her...  It's so shitty, so insulting.
Boss is crapping on a verge.
The crap is done.
I hate you.
But it's wrong.
Tamara - Fuck supper!
It's that ignorant lunk isn't it?
Jody knocks on the door.
You've been breaking in.
Well for fuck's sake.
I hate him - I've wasted my life!
Baking fucking biscuits?
Bugger Off!!
Fury overwhelms him.
It's Glen, asshole.
You fucking devious bastard.
You've abused her long enough / with your goddamn lies - I want you out of my house.
She made this place - And I fucking pay for it.
Fuck you.
That is brazen.
He hated cows.
He's carrying the open bottle by the neck.
You think you're gonna steal my car, asshole?
Isn't that worth a few days' breather...  My accountant's a fuck-up.
He makes an effort to be pleasant, although he's irritated by the mess, by the motorcycle.
Pointed, it's a fucking weapon.
He slams the door.
He sets up his linis to troll.
Henryl Fish ont The line screams out.
He wears a red Panama hat that's Who we got?
Fucking sharks.
Damn.
I want to know the sucker's good and dead 'fore he sets a fin in my boat.
He tosses the fins in a cauldron of boiling water, slaps the CASH REGISTER on the side.
Shit.
Why bother insuring it?
Jason takes a stab at conversation.
But damn, she's solid.
which offends you more?
He's an idiot if he didn't.
We're both crazy.
Alex blows out a frustrated breath.
Ah...  shit...
Beat that.
You look ridiculous.
I don't have an ego.
Alex stops him, opens the driver's door.
So now you're in trouble.
You hated it there!
I hate cats.
Idiot! -- Cool.
victor is heard Goddamn fiberglass -- His head drops through the hatch.
They hear a DOOR SHUT.
He's dead.
The flash jerks Alex's picture of Alex with gaze from the What the fuck are you doing??
Fuck...
(flustered, irritated.)
He reads it, picks up the phone, punches in the number she wrote.
Fuck the Reeses.
She hears ALEX MOVING around in the bedroom above and starts up the stairs, her rage climbing with every riser.
With more of your fucking lies!
I hate you!
Go to hell!
The blow sends him sprawling to the floor; he doesn't move.
What the hell happened in there?
What'd you hit him with?
He wrings it out.
Alex catch:s it, holds it to his bloody head.
I'll fucking kill her.
When the jeweler looks up, he's angry.
We'll starve.
I don't want one goddamn thing of She eats with gusto.
She lies down again.
Lies?
I wouldn't have had the goddamn thing.
The owner looks pissed.
She puts on her hat to cut the glare.
victor's insulted enough to lose his patience and his poise.
He hated the Gulf.
Alex slips out the door.
Alex throws open the door and barrels out of the car.
Jason throws open the door.
Jesus, Henry...  What the hell you doing?... How'd you know this was my boat??
I'm the one who hit the bastard.
-- Shit!
...  Fuck you.
It was only a concussion.
She lets out a strangled scream.
She slaps him hard enough to throw his head sideways.
Don't do this for revenge.
Alex and Gabriella are left alone together.
What a fucking stupid way to spend money.
Alex stole it.
Gabriella nuzzles his neck.
The glass-explodes.
I refuse to die in a fucking prison clinic!
The GUN THUMPS to the floor.
The BOATS CREAK against the slips.
She fucking called you.
She sits on the bench, her face tight and angry.
You little prick.
Gabriella screams with Alex.
Shit...
Cindy doesn't laugh, she screams.
Cindy exports the picture when...
She resists.
Frankie protests.
God's a woman and she's pissed off at me.
Dean gets visibly frustrated.
She screams as the water chases her.
Come on silly.
Saned gets pissed.
Curtis slaps him on the back.
Saned berates him for wasting time.
What are you fucking queer?
Here! Let's get the fuck out of here.
We deserve it.
Dean gets a shit-eating grin.
Fuck it.
She grabs the glasses and puts them on.
The car stops on the shoulder of the two lane highway.
Get that fucking dog out of the kitchen!
I been up since six this morning busting my fucking ass and you don't have five minutes to make a meatloaf?
Shit.
Shit!
It'll be OK... OK? Bobby lies back, frustrated, and buttons his pants.
Take a deep whiff, you fucking douchebag!
She tears off his necklace, throws it at him, slams the door.
DEAN (yells out.)
He begins, on his knees, to wash the entire surface of her left thigh, knee, calf, foot.
He refuses, but she wins.
There is a knock at the door.
DEAN (YELLS.)
He knocks, waits, then opens Cindy's Gramma's door.
The moving bus throws his balance.
Are you fucking with me?
What's wrong with that?
Oh fuck.
I gotta take a piss.
Do you want me to fuck other women?
Is your roommate awake?
He's gonna kill me.
He already hates me.
I'm in trouble.
Shit.
He listens annoyed to the ring.
Pacing, he lets out a few angry weeps and reaches in his front shirt pocket for a cigarette.
I know who the fucker is and I'm gonna destroy him.
And I got nothing better to do than destroy you both.
Cindy presses the telephone to her ear - waiting...  Blue Valentine Official Green Script as of 6/9/09 68.
They both flail to the floor.
Bobby sends a flurry of punches to Dean's ribs and guts.
Think I'm dumb?
Think I'm that dumb?
I think you're a fucking idiot.
Fucking faggot! - Troy and Tony watch the door and egg Bobby on.
She hangs up.
All these people who don't give a shit about you.
I can't take this shit anymore.
He repeats the blows with thunderous rage.
You son of a bitch!
Punches catch him in the nose.
... She's going to struggle the rest of her Goddamn life with that fucking loser.
Sit there... sit there on your fat ass don't do a goddamn thing.
That motherfucker.
She sees her father kneeling on the floor at her mother's feet.
Fireworks explode against dark blue on blue.
Here's what you do: Take a trusted friend, and imagine the worst thing, the most despicable thing, the thing it would never even cross their minds to do.
So when people bitch at me about the money I made, I have a pat response: Go fuck yourself.
Erupting.
Fury.
Shouts.
They've got riot guns, cocked and locked.
His eyes are insane.
The crowd is screaming.
Picture the  tiredest, meanest, grouchiest son of a bitch self-hating  loser you can.
Sucks it up a nostril.
Seventy thousand people screaming.
He hears a COMMOTION outside: A woman scream- ing.
The MAN looks up, annoyed.
She surfaces, sputtering and screaming.
A voice in the background: "Hey, someone shit on my car!" Joe Hallenbeck slides his Plymouth to the curb in front of a cozy stucco dwelling.
Finally Hallenbeck scowls and says: He cocks the hammer.
And Sarah screams -- And grabs the gun.
The tinkle of glass hitting the floor.
Punches like a sledgehammer, into Miller's gut.
She stops at a table against the wall.
Goes through the fire door.
Knocks him flat.
He roars with anger.
Screaming bloody murder.
Still screaming.
He stops screaming.
He throws with unerring accuracy.
Grumbles to himself.
The pimp slaps her.
Hallenbeck is in a foul mood.
He stops at a traffic light.
He grumbles.
Stops in his tracks.
Jimmy enters and shuts the door behind him.
Hallenbeck stops.
Cuts.
Slams it shut.
Because the bullet blows through the trunk -- And hits three sticks of live dynamite.
Fury.
Bruised.
The night is filled with SHOUTS and CURSES.
He SCREECHES to a stop.
Wheezing liquor fumes.
Stabs a button.
Milo sits and begins punching keys on a computer.
Cute kid, cursed to wear ridiculous- looking dental headgear.
She goes into her room and shuts the door.
Jimmy enters and shuts the door.
Huddled on the floor.
Shuts the door behind him.
Darian goes into her room, fuming.
Shuts the door.
Flings it open, pissed off.
He stabs a button on the phone.
comes INTO FRAME and slaps him.
Outside, the sea is angry and grey.
Rage courses through him like an electric current.
Marcon cocks his gun.
He slams a fist into Hallenbeck's middle.
Fizzling.
Rifles.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
Stabs a button.
Pretending they're important.
Back-slapping.
In the chalet above, the party rages.
Exasperated.
Darian starts to protest.
He throws her the keys.
Shut and lock the door.
He sighs with frustration.
And suddenly he's in a world of shit.
Strains.
Yells to Darian: She grabs the wheel.
He growls in rage.
He is catapulted forward, jerked like a rag puppet.
Struggling.
Straining.
Dazed.
Fizzles.
They both hit the floor.
are still huddled on the floor.
Tense.
He looks up, pleading, at the Ensign, as: He hides the Ingram beneath his body, cocked and ready.
The sour stakeout cop reaches for a job necessity: the pot to piss in.
Not a second to waste.
Throws it to Jimmy.
He is fueling Joe Hallenbeck's rage.
Expressionless.
And Furry Thomas BELCHES FIRE again, and the second goon goes down in a spray of blood, and if you haven't guessed already -- Joe has a gun hidden inside Furry Thomas.
Insane.
Jimmy Dix is on the floor, and Marcon is kicking him savagely.
A revolver is cocked a foot from Joe's head.
Behind them, the two hardguys COCK their GUNS.
One of them grabs a pair of tongs -- and the SHREDDER EXPLODES.
Stares at Jimmy: The wooden garage DOORS EXPLODE outward, bursting to splinters, as a Ford BRONCO DRIVES right THROUGH them, Conrad Marcon at the wheel.
Tense.
Stops the car.
Expressionless.
Kicks the door, as: The door flies open.
SHOOTS him.
The chainsaw clatters to the floor.
Snarling.
COLLISIONS.
EXPLOSIONS of GLASS.
Hallenbeck sits impassively while Bessalo paces, fuming.
In the b.g., there is constant traffic of pecple coming and going from the rest rooms.
Then without any outward anger, he punches his fist through a window pane.
Hot nuts, hot nuts, get from the peanut man.
They walk away Ycu really are nuts, you know that?
Shit, then what as .1 pissed about?
Talking with your wife about the fucking wedding plans.
How can you take Glazer over the Fen? r4' BOOGIE Diane, did you know that Glazer bought you for five bucks?
Refused to give in.
-After a beat,.
You son-cf-a-bitch !
You asshole!
1:'11 be a bitch getting it up.
FE:l I cK Kidding.
You haven't got a pot to piss in.
Billy climbs in and slams the door shut.
He's crazy is t-,hat he is.
Are you shitting me?
Third floor.
i He slats the door shut.
I (a beat.)
You re tiIl n3ili g her, a= en t you, you son-of-a-bitch.
Don't give me that shit.
You want to stab me?
He brings his fist up and ass,,=es a bossing position.
I'm not going to ruin a good knife on you.
From another table a GUY yells out.
Damn near that.
As the guy tins, Billy punches him in the face.
- The second baseman s Billy, thinking he was out to hurt"hJm Billy punches the guy and the whole ULP team -j=-?.d him.
r Beat the shit out of him.
Steel dispute continues .
Punch I.D. and announce.
It's crazy.
We can sit up here and bullshit the night away, but I can't hav. a five minute conversation with Beth.
But, I'm not putting the blame on her.
Whaddya say, Jim? F enwick tur::s .
Shit.
Before him' then a are five deluxe sandwiches waiting for his hungry mouth.
Now you're nuts.
What fuckin' Chisholm Trai? ? the same.
" smashes into the Giant's quarterback, knocking him to the ground with a thud.
Goddarn New "fork teams, think they're hot shit.
Shreve trying to control his temper.
You don't ask me Because 1 don't give a shit!
He exits and slams the door shut.
His anger is build- ing .
I should talk to Daddy about stopping your trust fund.
No popcorn, and only coffee is served as abeverage, What the hell's going on here?
Eddie and Shrev__ are in the calm moo-him- Billy ZS l?acrosssfro ?h - locked up with another guy.
-You're dealing with an irrational girl.
Am I bothering you?
Come on, you son- of-a-bitch,.
ir-no do you think you're fucking with?
Of curse, Beth.
She sees a door and opei:s it.
The New York Yankees football team.
She gets in the, car-and s la:.s the dcc m shut.
A beat.
Boogie gets out of the car and slams the door shut.
T'hat's the story.
Boogie slams his fist into his stcWach.
But, what the hell.
That's terrible.
B:L117 1K5 otter.
She wears a large spectacular hat.
A woman's hat lies on the rocky earth.
Seeing the hat, he yells to Clay.
The banks shut out further view of the road.
Clay takes it from him, puts it in the trunk and shuts the lid.
Steve tugs at his battered hat.
She jerks the case from Mary's hands, snaps it shut, and stands staring at Mary with a strange mixture of fright, anger and hysteria.
Steve tugs at his battered hat.
He fans the small flame with his hat.
He puts the iron strips across the blaze, sets the coffee pot on, feeds the fire with some more wood, then going back to the wagon, he takes his rifle out, throws a shell into the chamber and starts off up the knoll.
SHOT.
In the B.g. Clay goes over to the fire, kicks the dirt off the embers and piles on wood.
The fire now burns briskly.
SHOT.
Clay kicks loose embers into the fire.
SHOT.
In her anxiety, her tone is accusing.
Wyatt frowns up at Lednov, angered by the order.
Wyatt stares after them raging at his impotence.
interrupts them.
He crosses to the kitchen door, exits, slamming the door behind him.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
SHOT.
Clay, his expression hard and angry comes out.
He cocks his rifle.
SHOT.
They break.
She stares after them, raging.
Mary opens her eyes and sits up Mary is humiliated, bedraggled and wet, still angry and fighting back tears.
Clay, suddenly furious, points to the wagon.
Helen is yelling furiously as she fights McCall.
In a fury, Lednov crushes her arm.
In blind rage, Lednov raises his gun and fires.
Steve looks after him, annoyed, then follows with Mary.
He is hurt and angry.
Steve stares down at him angrier, more hurt than ever.
SHOT.
Steve watches, angry and hurt.
SHOT.
SHOT.
A bullet smacks into the rock close to Clay.
He starts forward, face set with rage.
He picks up a stick, stops.
SHOT.
SHOT.
His lips articulate a silent expletive.
Most of this dialogue's bullshit.
ROSS negotiates it look- ing pissed off.
Swatting smoke ROSS directs anger at a fat cop called VENABLES.
Off he fucks under an ailing sky.
Pissing with rain and unspeakably miserable.
He wears a rubber cape & looks like a huge pissed-off Napoleon.
Bullshit everywhere in packing cases.
The cork explodes and he goes for glasses but one isn't willing.
It's deserted.
And destroys them in an ashtray.
Bullshit piled up everywhere.
I'm fucked."
Got a face like Humphrey Bogart's mother fucked a different guy.
He quits the car and BERLIN watches him scurry towards a service shop.
Fuck the fanbelt and listen to this.
Although the afternoon is shutting down there isn't a light in the room.
The angle switches to see "BERLIN IS A LIAR." Everyone suddenly on their feet and HELENA gets into a jacket.
TRIMBLE pissed because he can't see what's happening.
And Loud.
The elevator is parked on this floor with its doors half open.
Hits the door and shouts.
Cars arriving and doors slamming.
Leans on a bench and gets into the pissed-off silence.
Alright fuck it.
Fueled on residual anger he vanishes out the door.
BERLIN is more amused than annoyed.
BERLIN sighs in frustration.
And he's already gathered his shit and halfway into his jacket.
BERLIN looks like he couldn't get a fuck with mud.
BERLIN isn't laughing "C'mon, you drunken fuck.
She should keep her doors locked.
Now she reaches behind her back.
Out the window a bonfire rages in the yard.
"If any- thing happens to that girl, I'm gonna break your fucking back."
Smashes the newspaper at him.
Gets BERLIN's forearm under his throat and fucking lucky not to get the knuckles in his gut.
ROSS and BERLIN exchange glances, And this shit is really bad.
Now in each other's arms.
Bullshit and beer and everyone talking about nothing.
Everyone talking and everyone lying but no Berlin and BOBBY is about to make a major mistake.
BERLIN wears a black wool hat.
Both got shit frozen out of them.
"YOU ARE NOW ON THE THIRD FLOOR."
The door smashes into him like it hates him.
"Come in, John?" Alright fuck it.
The second slams into his guts and he's down.
Five floors below a man lays on his back.
Hundreds of fuck magazines.
Fills it fast and expands over the sides.
Expressionless of sor- row.
This is meant to humiliate and meant to annoy and it does both.
But who gives a fuck anymore?
But a bad sense of shit about to come down.
Expands the frame as he goes.
And during the next attack St ANNE will work himself into rage.
They're full of hate.
A new number hears the same old bullshit.
She shuts the door.
Shuts out the gale.
BERLIN smashes on it like an insane man.
A police Chevy pulls up and TAYLOR gets out.
He moves after her and startles the shit out of MARGIE as she comes out.
BERLIN is consumed with anxiety & rage.
But get mad in here and get nothing.
Where the hell is everyone?
BERLIN slams the phone down and runs to his car.
An angry claxon and he's forced to pull back.
A gloved fist punches the section out.
No time for introductions and no time for explanations.
Where are the fucking cops?
Hey buddy ...  you upset that you're not coming?
We rowed.
Jealous?
The screen door slams.
What's wrong?
He pauses to catch-up on the latest exploits of GOOFUS & GALLANT.
She throws the carton out.
Natalie looks annoyed.
They both break up.
No. What's to stop him from doing it again?
Did you leave her alone with him?
Easy to talk Try fishing in the winter, cold as hell 10, 12, 20 below - no matter Go, go, go, you've gotta go.
He picks up a crate and throws it up top.
his tone is flat, removed.
Matt throws his two bucks in.
Should we throw a party for him.
rank.
I don't know what to do,aoka I hate this.
I hate the kids seeing this.
He winces.
yeah... they got seventy five bucks.
Pete! Ah, shit.
But if you don't come se's going to invite her sister and that idiot and I know I'm going to wind up insulting him again.
objection.
A deep sob ... .and
He killed my son.
What the hell is that S crap?
It butts up against two lanes of blacktop - a small logging road.
Janelle knocks on the door.
There's a KNOCK on her door.
We're in fuck.
We lost a few strings and we had a fair idea it was him who was doing it - so's I just flat out asked him "No wasn't me."
Wrong?
No, we haven't before, why should we bother now?
Because you were so controllins, so overbearing, so angry that he was it, that he was our only one.
Ana you're playing the same shit out with me - That's a horrible way to be! Horrible.
Why do you delude yourself with that crap?
This bothers him.
I hate him, Matt.
Fuckin' bitch.
Shit.
Matt COCKS it.
That's two years younger than I Matt gets out and kcks the door shut.
We hear a SCREEN DOOR slam shut.
Matt gets out of the Brown Suburban and locks the drivers door.
He lies down.
Is she hot?
Aren't you pleased as punch?
Scott throws Knives' coat on the floor.
That gossipy bitch.
You're ridiculous.
I hate you.
Begone!
They punch and kick in unison, side by side.
What's wrong?
He freezes as he sees THE ROLLERBLADING GIRL FROM HIS DREAM skating towards the desk in SEXALICIOUS SLOW MOTION.
Doesn't she have the most ridiculous name?
Not to be entered into lightly We end on the surly JULIE (the rude clerk.)
Only a record deal with G-man Graves!
I hate them!
Oh my gosh, I hate them too!
Scott runs after her, around a corner, down a row of LOCKERS leading to... the outside of WALLACE'S APARTMENT??? Scott LEAPS out of the futon and RUNS towards the front door, THROWING IT OPEN and startling Ramona Flowers just as she presses the doorbell.
Why, am I coming off as rude?
This is ridiculous.
Excuse my brother.
The sound guy hated us.
Scott throws his bass to Young Neil and BLOCKS Patel with his left arm, then PUNCHES him across the floor with his right.
Who the hell are you anyway?
Patel punches.
Patel attacks, landing kicks and punches.
Patel evades, then lands more punches.
Is he a pirate?
Are you a pirate?
We were one hell of a team.
You have seven evil ex-boyfriends?
A shivering and annoyed Scott dials the payphone.
And a dorky hat?! It's not dorky!
Will you man the hell up?
Slut.
Action.
The only thing keeping me and her apart is the two minutes it's gonna take to kick your ass! Can I get- POW! Lucas Lee punches Scott, flooring him.
POW! Lucas Lee PUNCHES Scott again.
Evil ex.
Fight.
POW!
The identical Stand In punches Scott to the ground.
You know what really sucks though?
Wallace cocks an eyebrow.
GLASS SMASHES.
Scott punches the air in front of him.
What can I fucking get you?
And by the way, I can't believe you fucking asked Ramona out after I specifically told you not to fucking do that!
Fucking speaking of fucking which, I hear the girl that kicked your heart in the ass is walking the streets of Toronto again.
The whole evil ex-boyfriend thing.
I mean, I know it's early days, but I don't think anything can really get in the way of how I SHIT!
I can see how it sucks.
Tricky.
I hate you.
KNIVES frantically rifles through racks of hair dye and rants furiously into her cellphone.
I hate his stupid guts!
Knives stands on her bed and continues ranting at Tamara.
Knives screams her teen brains out.
Did I fucking stutter?
He PUNCHES KNIVES SQUARE IN THE JAW! OMFG!
Scott boils.
You punched the highlights out of her hair!
He punched the highlights.
We hated everyone.
Look, I've dabbled with being a bitch.
I... dislike you.
For the record, I am so pissed off for you right now.
Shut the fuck up, Julie.
I hate that bitch so much I kind of love her.
And hot.
What did you do to your ex-boyfriends to make them so insane?
KICK HER IN THE BALLS, With blinding speed, Roxy slips her belt off and WHIPS A RAZOR SHARP FLYING GUILLOTINE BELT BUCKLE at Ramona! Ramona CARTWHEELS as the buckle sails between her legs and SMASHES into a DISCO BALL.
Ramona springs off of various pieces of furniture, LEAPING towards Roxy and PUNCHING HER IN THE FACE.
Roxy points an accusing finger at the mortified Scott.
Ramona puppeteers Scott into a furious volley of PUNCHES on Roxy.
Your B.F's about to get F'd in the B! Her weak point's the back of her knees!
You'll... never...be able to do this to herrrrrrrrrrr! Roxy screams in ecstasy before EXPLODING into COINS.
Ramona stops.
Scott screams!
This is GIDEON GRAVES, 37, ASSHOLE.
And hey, the whole League of Evil Exes thing?
Scott exits the elevator and steps into GIDEON'S UNDERGROUND LAIR OF COOL SHIT... the CHAOS THEATRE.
Scott pushes through the idiot hordes.
Scott takes the beverage and THROWS THE CUP TO THE FLOOR!
Are you still mad about that whole thing with the Guild?
She quickly recovers and POINTS a furious finger.
He was warned plenty of times.
What the hell is your deal?
You stole him with your advanced American slut technology.
The fighters weave in and out of each other, throwing blocks and punches, KUNG FU STYLE.
STAB!
You know what sucks?
Getting killed by THAT guy.
I was crazy about him.
That is evil.
Your hair looks stupid.
You're pretentious, the club sucks, I have beef, let's do it.
Sex Bob-Omb ROCK THE FUCK OUT.
My cane.
I cheated on you.
I cheated on both of you.
FREEZE FRAME PUNCHES: Knives kicks and Scott punches, sending Gideon back and forth like a pinball: KICK PUNCH KICK PUNCH KICK! Gideon's face smashes with each impact.
You know how long it took to get all the evil exes' contact information so I could form this stupid league?
Gideon's head EXPLODES, his glasses SAILING down the steps of the pyramid.
Knives removes the hat from Scott's head, literally taking his guard down.
He's dazed.
that I say, "If you would do this...  that you would do ' this... you're a whore."
'But it pays the bills," you say; startin' to get a little pissed.
What the fuck is an "edge"?
Fuck.
Dick head.
He unwinds the ear piece, pulls it through the back of his jacket, out the neck and into his ear.
What the fuck, man?
What are you on break?
Where the fuck you been, man?
You're like still acting and shit, right?
He says that place is mad crazy.
Coke everywhere, parties, horny-ass bitches...  Who? What?
The surface sends waves ,towards the pillows throwing them off the bed, revealing it's A LOUD RING from a PHONE on the bedside table which appears to be made out of Legos.
Fuck.
I didn't...  Shut the fuck up.
Holy shit: How you doin' man?
And check this shit out.
Shut the fuck upf Course not.
Get the fuck up here, bitch!
This is Jersey's DeNiro and shit.
Fuck yeah, Serpico and Shit...
That's improvisation, bitch.
Ugly motherfucker though, huh?
You want to see the most fucked up thing?
Hey, get the fuck outta herei Shut the fuck up.
The first month I bought a whole bunch of shit, but then that got boring.
But you're like a movie star and shit.
Well we just ate all this fuckin' ex, what the hell else are we gonna do?
Okay, how 'bout this.
He got the shit kicked out of him.
He got the shit kicked out of him by Tyrell Freedmen.
I fucked him up too.
What the fuck is Klingon?
It means get the fuck out of my house before I chop your fuckin' head off.
I'm not doin' the stupid tapes.
Mom, shut-up about those fucking tapes.
It's a scam.
Shit, I gotta go to my meeting.
Kick his balls.
I'm uh...  there's a_.. Fuck, that was nosey, I'm sorry.
Enough for people to call you a liar.
Is one of them "liar"?
Sidecars are for bitches.
But I lied about my boyfriend driving a t.inja.
Kick their balls!
Everybody downl Who wants to eat? Do you want to eat? Well then get the fuck off him!
She smacks their asses and they eventually retreat to the other room.
I've heard he's a cocky son of a bitch.
We have to get the only hamster on planet Earth that can't figure out a stupid hamster wheel.
Are you freaked out?
Now me, I got to lay out ten grand alone for some asshole to build a barricade of French garbage across the boccie lanes at my tennis club.
Hell, you're the family he never had.
After shutting the door behind himself he' crosses to the dresser and lifts one perfume bottle out from a dozen.
Shut-up! .lust
shut your fucking mouth.
Mark stands in the open grave STEALING VALUABLES FROM AN OPEN COFFIN.
This fuckin' guy.
Jesse continues talking, but his voice distorts into WARBLED SLOW MOTION: LARGE STARES in shock as Mark drops a WEDDING RING into the PILE OF JEWELRY he's stealing off the corpse.
I lied again.
Let's get fucked up.
Largeman, get the fuck in the pool.
And all of a sudden, even though you have a place where you put your Shit, the idea of "home', is gone.
Fuck you.
Fuck yeah.
Still want to compare fucked up families?
The thing is though, when I think about it, I wasn't really abnormally angry at all.
Fuck you.
Don't mesa with all my shit; what are you.
Fuck yeah, dude.
I'm gonna live off that shit.
Hey. Holy shit, I haven't seen you since like junior year.
He's such a dick.' Why'd you say that?
So what 'a in the box.
Sam leaves them alone.
I'm fucking you!
I'm fucking you.
T'sup dog? She's fuckin' hot.
Hub? Who's fuckin' you?
You can wait, he's about to cunt.
I'm gonna fucking cum! Diegogestures, "Told you."
Suck it off the tap.
So everybody needs to calm the fuck down.
What the fuck are we doing?
I'm gonna kill that motherfucker.
You're dead.
I don't tease you about being an asshole.
We're calling it Kiernan's Fault.
That I'll have somehow wasted my time here.
Fuck.
I'm sure you can find plenty of things in your life to be angry about, but what I don't understand is why you're so angry at me.
I'm gonna forgive myself for what I did right now: I was a little boy and somebody made a shitty latch.
I have felt so fucking numb to everything I have experienced in my life.
And then he starts to SOB.
I'm really fucked up right now, but I don't want to waste any more of my life without you in it.
We need to put this flat on the market, and at least make a start at paying off Dad's debts.
Norman is left alone.
Evelyn stops.
Stifling heat, deafening noise; the chaos, the bustle, the grime, the crowds, the life.
Muriel's wheelchair is strapped to the back of the bus, which is screaming down the six-lane highway.
Norman, sitting at the front, screams his last scream...
At the last minute, the bus pulls back into the inside lane.
Hell.
I'm in hell.
I've wasted your time.
Evelyn stops.
Explain to me why I would want to waste one of them with you - He kisses her.
What is wrong with you?
And has a bite.
This country is driving me mad.
If I cannot hold your body against mine, I swear I will go mad.
I got a flat in the end.
Because that flat's so small, I can have the whole place spotless in half an hour.
Hated it.
A loud scream.
It's Sunaina that's screamed.
Sunaina is leaving the hotel, angry and humiliated.
She was upset.
Beat.
She hangs up.
(slamming the door.)
So fuck off out of my way.
This is ridiculous.
Beat.
Why don't you pick some of those rings out ya head maybe you won't be so stupid, ya dumb little shit.
Break it!
What the hell you doing in here?
What smell?
Marlena looks both impressed and insulted.
You deserve it.
Then, with one hand Earl slides back the door and with the other hand, violently grabs Jacob by the neck and throws him head first into the car.
We don't have an eleph- Shut-up.
He shovelled horse shit.
Kinko fumes.
Jacob immediately senses the worst.
JACOB SCREAMS.
Furious, Jacob storms off; What the hell is wrong with you?
Jacob is angry.
Angry, Jacob inspects his arm - swollen and red from Rex's mouth.
What's wrong with him?
Beat.
Marlena keeps her rage silent, but it is all the more potent.
See this animal... this here's the stupidest Goddamn animal on the face of God's good earth....Here's your bull hook.
August is annoyed.
Queenie stop.
Queenie stops.
It's trouble, that's what.
Not that I give a damn, but you're playing with dynamite with those two and you're gonna blow all of us up.
Why are they beating him?
Beat.
BAH!
(Beat.
When I was five, I pretended for a whole year my mother was an Appaloosa mare...
Beat.
What the hell did I do last night?
Pissed off, Jacob continues to dress.
No more Cracker Jack until you do something....Rosie!...  Rosie curls her trunk around Jacob and slowly topples him sideways, turning him over as he weakly threatens; I'm getting really mad now....I mean it... Rosie stop... Rosie gets the Cracker Jack from his back pocket...
You don't want to watch this, get the hell out!
Jacob watches, upset and furious at August's treatment.
So August, the performer, starts to play the infuriated fool to the audience, acting comically angry and frustrated with Rosie..
You go and find that Goddamn bull before we're run out town.
The screams of August O.S. pull their attention to see: Earl and his men physically dragging a maniacal August out of the tent, his bull hook and clothes bloodied by his rage.
Listening to Greg, Jacob gets increasingly angry.
Seething with quiet rage.
People scream, shoving their way towards the exit.
I'm a complete mess... ha... Suddenly, MARLENA SCREAMS as loud as she can, startling the other couples.
What's wrong?
I should be a Goddamn fortune teller.
The crowd explodes!
August pretends to be outraged with Marlena.
Auggie, you're being silly.
This is my wife you Ivy League lying piece of shit!
Marlena screams.
Well, what the hell... !
Then, without warning; Kinko sits against the door, holding a trembling Queenie hearing the screams and struggle.
Lie back.
He stops at the open stock car door.
Oh Shit...  Earl runs back towards the Big Top.
August glares at him, his eyes full of rage; He attacks but Jacob dodges the next blow, grabbing onto the bull hook and twisting it with such strength, it topples August who refuses to let it go...  JACOB AND AUGUST FIGHT SAVAGELY, AMIDST THE STAMPEDE.
Jacob unleashes a rage and a strength we have yet to see in him, as he beats August without mercy...
UP! Rosie blows and swings her trunk, throwing dirt across the people around her. Dick Nesci takes the bull hook and prods under her leg, ordering her UP!
The door is SLAMMED.
Arggghhhhh! (cheery, insane.)
A SLOW-MOTION explosion erupts behind her, framing her in a sexy ball of fire.
Sharpen.
No one has ever killed a Night Fury.
Okay, but I hit a Night Fury.
Stoick grabs Hiccup by the back scruff of his collar and hauls him away, fuming with embarrassment.
Stoick throws up his fist.
He'd be killed before you let the first dragon out of its cage.
Trolls exist!
They steal your socks.
Uggh, the gods hate me.
The Night Fury's eye shoots open.
As the last rope falls free, the Night Fury suddenly POUNCES!
GOBBER stick him in line with the others and continues on toward five massive reinforced doors.
They both grab it.
It opens its mouth and cocks its tail, ready to fire point-blank.
Slam! Lock.
Well this was stupid.
SUDDENLY, the NIGHT FURY blasts past him.
He watches as the dragon, exhausted and frustrated, leaps into the air, beating its wings furiously.
I'll Slam.
I swear I'm so angry right now.
Okay, that's disgusting.
(muttering to himself.)
Snotlout is singing to himself to calm his nerves.
Hey! It's us, idiots.
Ruffnut DROPS Tuffnut with a PUNCH to the throat.
He TOSSES it inside the door, then SLAMS it shut.
It immediately stops struggling and goes weak in the knees.
An angry Deadly Nadder approaches Hiccup.
She HUFFS, frustrated.
Stoick stops.
But who can blame him?
Hiccup's elated expression sinks.
You deserve it.
breast hat.
I'm through with the lies.
A NIGHT FURY.
Hiccup knocks Astrid's cocked axe to the ground, out of reach, then stops Toothless short of crushing her.
We're dead.
Astrid SCREAMS.
Astrid SCREAMS.
Astrid SCREAMS.
They'll...  kill Toothless.
Astrid PUNCHES Hiccup in the arm.
It snarls.
He's welling with upset.
Night Fury! Get down!
The crowd is gob-smacked, growing livid.
Stoick gets to his feet, fuming, shaken.
SLAM!
A lie?
I screwed up.
Take this out on me, be mad at me, but please...  just don't hurt Toothless.
And we've killed THOUSANDS OF THEM!
He stomps back...  pointing an accusing finger.
For once in your life, He throws Hiccup off of him, SWATTING him to the floor.
Stoick breaks the stare and turns to Toothless, fuming.
(angry, loud.)
Visibility drops immediately.
CRUNCH!
Astrid stops him.
The cheering stops.
Stoick's expression sinks.
Stirred and furious.
The monster shakes off the blast and snaps in their wake.
Make it mad.
STOICK explodes to the surface, pulling Hiccup to the shoreline through flaming debris.
She turns to Ruffnut and Tuffnut, who are ARGUING and THROWING PUNCHES at each other.
IN MID-PUNCH, the twins look over to see Snotlout stranded on the monster's head.
They hear the familiar whir of the...  Night Fury! Get down!
BLAST!
The monster follows, immediately losing them in the hampered visibility.
Toothless utters an insult too, and they jackknife into a steep dive.
Toothless FIRES point blank down the monster's throat.
I'm dead.
That's for scaring me.
He'll be disappointed.
After a moment shuts it off.
It bothers him.
What the hell?
Where the hell are the.
The nerve center.suite is visible through the open door behind him.
One floor up.
He crushed me.
Why the hell would you do that?
Fuck 'em.
A beat.
When they finally pull apart: Holy shit.
Checks his watch, Shit!
If you're a pervert, yeah.
Your phone sucks.
Shit!
Dammit!
A dazed Harry lies in the road...
You're shitting me.
This is ridiculous.
As he comes up he runs smack into another RSR employee who is frozen solid.
You could bullshit him but you'll never be completely successful.
Richardson points at the door.
ON David's reaction CUT TO: David exits through a steel door., it clangs shut behind him.
They head towards the conference room.
What the hell happened with the girl?
He slams the red "next stop" strip, jumps to his feet, and runs to the front of the bus.
Oh, shit.
ON David's face: relief...  Now let's hear your bullshit excuse for never calling me.
I hate to interrupt.
David, what the hell?
(putting his hat on.)
What the hell is going on with this case?
A beat.
It's dead.
It's dead too.
David slams his fist down.
Son of a bitch.
He slams the door shut.
God, I hate downtown!
A quarter of the way open, the door stops dead.
It's sealed shut.
Hat! Hat! McCrady is behind him He points.
I don't have to punch out''when I leave.
Holy shit...  Richardson sits across from Donaldson.
He sucks, but doesn't care.
When she looks, he takes off like a bat out of hell-- You bastard!
Quit complaining and run.
She punches him in the stomach.
what I've been waiting for-- People on the dance floor are literally screaming in support.
What's wrong..
He yells in frustration.
I spend my life with professional liars.
Whether we call it God or the Devil or Fate we all know you're out there, fucking with us...  You'd still be living in caves if it weren't for us.
Fuck your plan.
The only thing we have in this fucked up world are the choices we make.
She'll hate you for it... but that way she'll be able to let you go quickly.
damage but.: -.
Thompson is waiting by the door.
Harry dons his hat.
h e rea lizes w hat' = g oin g on , them.
But you're exposed the whole way there.
Bang.
This is so screwed up.
You fucking bastard!
Another body slams into the door now.
But the shield holds it shut.
SLAM! SLAM!
He puts his hat back on.
A bevy of men in hats push the ladies room door open and rush in.
His hand trails down to the CHAIN around his NECK ...  A SUDDEN HISS! FRODO quickly hides the RING as GOLLUM peers at them with GLEAMING EYES.
Far off, half veiled int he swirling STEAM, the TOWER of ORTHANC stands ...  Unbroken by the storm.
ANGLE ON: TWO SMALL HOBBITS are sitting on the SMASHED WALL . . .
troubled.
GOLLUM SCREAMS . . .
at a loss.
PIPPIN FALLS to the FLOOR! . . .
; ANGLE ON: GANDALF throws a BLANKET over it, ANGRY DISBELIEF on his face!
ANGLE ON: SHADOWFAX carried GANDALF and PIPPIN out of the GATE and down the WINDING ROAD towards the PLAINS QF ROHAN.
As ELVEN-SMITHS TEMPER the STEEL.
INSERT IMAGE: FRODO screaming as the MORGUL BLADE is driven into his SHOULDER . . .
The cold, dull MORGUL VALLEY is suddenly VIOLENT and FIERCE, as UPRUSHING FLAME springs from MOUNT DOOM.
WIDE ON: An ANCIENT STONE BRIDGE which spans the RUINS of EAST and WEST OSGILIATH - a once MIGHTY GONDORIAN CITY.
WIDE ON: ITHILIEN RANGERS patrolling the BRIDGE and the WEST OSGILIATH has fallen into disrepair, but the DESOLATION of EAST OSGILIATH is more pronounced - it is held by the FORCES of MORDOR.
a look of BLACK FURY on his face.
TILT DOWN ... following the NAZGUL as it SWOOPS out of LOW- LYING, MURKY CLOUDS tossing MEN in the AIR like LIMP RAG-DOLLS!
AGAIN the FELL-BEASTS DIVE low ...  GANDALF thunders into view, raising his STAFF ... A SHAFT OF WHITE LIGHT suddenly stabs upwards!
ANGLE ON: GOLLUM as he throws the remaining LEMBAS BREAD over the cliff.
SAM is in complete ANGLE ON: FARAMIR leading a COLUMN of 200 KNIGHTS through the STREETS towards the CITY GATE ...  PEOPLE are rushing forward, THROWING FLOWERS over the KNIGHTS.
HIGH ANGLE: FARAMIR leads the 200 MOUNTED KNIGHTS through the GATES OF MINAS TIRITH and across the PELENNOR FIELDS towards the RUINS of OSGILIATH.
GOTHMOG rises amidst the RUINS of ANGLE ON: SLOW MOTION . . .
FARAMIR YELLING defiantly.
FAST CUTS of SCREAMING ORCS . . .
ANGLE ON: As ARAGORN readies BREGO for leaving EOWYN approaches ...  her temper barely held in check.
CLOSE ON: GIMLI left ALONE . . .
marching in RAGGED ANGLES ON: Flowing torrents of ORCS stream past CAVE TROLLS, beating the DRUMS OF WAR ...  MINAS TIRITH lies ahead - only ANGLE ON: ARAGORN leads LEGOLAS and GIMLI into a WIDE CAVERN . . . he WAVES HIS TORCH through the DARKNESS: ILLUMINATING a A ghastly CRACKING NOISE, like stone being sundered, cuts through the SILENCE.
THE KING of the DEAD moves relentlessly towards ARAGORN . . .
CLOSE ON: THE KING of the DEAD stares at ARAGORN in ANGLE ON: ARAGORN grabs the SHOCKED GHOST by the NECK ...  ARAGORN holds the SHARP BLADE against the GHOST'S THROAT!
ANGLE ON: A HUGE BOULDER smashes into the wall of MINAS WIDE ON: BOULDERS HURTLE from CATAPULTS across the fields towards MINAS TIRITH.
9 NAZGUL DIVE out of the DIM SKY, CLAD in BATTLE ANGLES ON: SOLDIERS throw themselves down as the NAZGUL zoom overhead, emitting their PIERCING SHRIEKS!
GANDALF intercepts the BEAST, striking him with his STAFF ...  GANDALF welds his STAFF, cutting through the attacking ORC with EASE ... BEHIND him, an ORC prepares to cut down GANDALF ...  PIPPIN instinctively slashes his SWORD at him.
pushed by 20 huge MOUNTAIN TROLLS . . .
a MASSIVE IRON HEAD, cast in the likeness of a SNARLING WOLF! ...  this is GROND ... the BATTERING RAM FROM HELL!
FRODO reacts to the FOUL STENCH coming out of the BLACK HOLE.
He puts his HAND to the WALL to STEADY HIMSELF but quickly YANKS it away ...  STRANDS of a WHITE THREAD stuck to his HAND.
ROWS of ARCHERS fire off a VOLLEY of ARROWS but the TROLLS continue to SMASH the FOOT SOLDIERS with their giant CLUBS ...  ORCS swarm through the OPENING and the PITCHED, HAND-TO- HAND BATTLE spills into FLAMES and BLACKENED, SMOULDERING BUILDINGS . . .
ANGLE ON: With a ROAR, GANDALF leads a COUNTER ATTACK on SHADOWFAX, followed by SEVERAL HUNDRED GONDORIAN FOOT " " THOUSANDS OF ORCS swarm in through the CITY GATES ...  the FIRST LEVEL is breached!
ANGLE ON: FRODO STAGGERS through the PASS OF CIRITH UNGOL ... the weight of the RING, dragging at his neck.
CLOSE ON: FRODO suddenly senses the LURKING MALICE . . . he SPINS AROUND: Before he can react, SHELOB VICIOUSLY STABS FRODO in the NECK with her monstrous abdominal STINGER!
DENETHOR throws PIPPIN outside!
DENETHOR SLAMS the DOOR SHUT! ANGLE ON: PIPPIN RACES down the STEEP STREETS . . .
The ROHAN charge is decimating the ENEMY!
ANGLE ON: GANDALF GALLOPS toward the PYRE, knocking DENETHOR to his FEET ...  PIPPIN LEAPS from SHADOWFAX onto the BURNING With a desperate strength, PIPPIN pushes FARAMIR off the BURNING PYRE ... they tumble down the BUNDLES of WOOD, onto the FLOOR!
DENETHOR SCREAMS with RAGE! DENETHOR leaps ACROSS THE PYRE, RIPPING and TUGGING at PIPPIN! FIRE quickly spreads up DENETHOR'S OIL-SOAKED BACK as he hauls PIPPIN off FARAMIR! ANGLE ON: SHADOWFAX rears up and STRIKES at DENETHOR who falls back onto the PYRE .
WIDE ON: A rabble of ORCS are clustered outside the SIXTH GATE as TROLLS pound on its WOODEN DOORS with HUGE HAMMERS.
With a shrill SHRIEK of HATRED, he knocks EOWYN backwards with his MACE!
ANGLE ON: Surprised ORC REACTION to the THREE charging towards THOUSANDS of ORCS! ANGLE ON: The ARMY OF THE DEAD suddenly LEAP straight out of the SIDES of the SHIPS!
The ORCS SCREAM at the SIGHT of 5000 SPECTRAL WARRIORS!
With a raging blood-lust, the UNDEAD climb over the top of each other to try and reach the enemy, creating a kind of.ROLLING MOUNTAIN of GHOULS that sweep all before them away!
ANGLE ON: PIPPIN running through the RUIN of the BATTLE . . .
...  The RING HAS GONE! GORBAG grabs for the MITHRIL VEST ... ANGLE ON: GORBAG draws his SWORD, but SHAGRAT KICKS him BACKWARDS with his foot!
SHAGRAT leans through the TRAP DOOR ...  SEVERAL URUK-HAI converge on GORBAG - he LASHES OUT, slashing one across the throat with his SWORD!
He grips STING and continues CHARGING UP - SCREAMING at the top of his lungs!
ANGLE ON: FRODO struggling against his bonds, as GORBAG climbs back into the room ...  with VENGEANCE in his EVIL CLOSE ON: GORBAG grabs FRODO'S hair and pulls his head back, exposing his neck.
FRODO and SAM are now dressed in FOUL-LOOKING ORC gear ...  ANGLE ON: FRODO and SAM turn east and walk over the SUMMIT of CIRITH UNGOL ... into MORDOR.
Before them lies the PLAIN of GORGOROTH ...  Their eyes are drawn to the OMINOUS SILHOUETTE of MOUNT DOOM ... ANGLE ON: FRODO's eyes travel down towards the HUNDREDS of FIRES which glow on the PLAINS beneath them ...  thousands upon thousands of ORCS are encamped there .
CLOSE ON: ARAGORN wearing a BREAST PLATE emblazoned with the He rides at the head of a COLUMN of 500 FOOT SOLDIERS from ROHAN and CONDOR ...  leading them from the :RUINS of GANDALF, LEGOLAS, GIMLI, EOMER, MERRY and PIPPIN ride directly behind him.
With the EYE OF SAURON sweeping the PLAINS around them, SAM gets to his feet ...  The BLACK GATES of MORDOR SWING OPEN! SAURON'S ARMY of ANGLE ON: ARAGORN, GANDALF, LEGOLAS, GIMLI, EOMER, MERRY and PIPPIN GALLOP back towards their SMALL ARMY as the ORC MASSES slowly MARCH toward them.
The PLAIN of GORGOROTH lies 1000 FEET BELOW, wrapped in fume and shadow.
SAM POV: Through the THICK, FUME-LADEN AIR a set of STAIRS can be made out . . .
SMACK!.
The BATTLE between MEN and ORCS rages on . . .
From MORDOR, high OVERHEAD, the NAZGUL fly out into the FRAY ...  All the old HATRED between SAM and SMEAGOL boils over as they FIGHT . . .
SMACK!
The GIANT EAGLE, GWAHIR, SMASHES into the FELLBEAST, it's claws ripping into the HIDEOUS MONSTER'S NECK! ANGLE ON: PIPPIN in the midst of BATTLE looks up.
ANGLE ON: SAM is GASPING, his lungs EXPLODING as he RACES up the SLOPES of MOUNT DOOM searching for FRODO.
The HEAT is almost UNBEARABLE ...  SAM sees FRODO in the ANGLE ON: FRODO is standing on the EDGE of the CRACK OF DOOM . . .
The RAGING ORANGE GLARE from the CHASM turns FRODO into a BLACK SILHOUETTE . . .
SAM SCREAMS as . . .
CLOSE ON: SAM is SCREAMING for FRODO . . .
GOLLUM smashes a ROCK down on SAM'S HEAD, knocking him to the GROUND!
ARAGORN turns and is confronted by an ARMOURED TROLL, wielding an ENORMOUS MALLET . . .
GOLLUM suddenly LIFTS HIS HANDS to his face ...  and BITES ANGLE ON: FRODO MATERIALIZES as he DROPS TO HIS KNEES, clutching his BLEEDING HAND . . . he SCREAMS.
THUD!
He STABS at. it ineffectually . . .
it's plain FRODO and SAM can never survive the cataclysm ...  The VOLCANO is ERUPTING, FIRE belches from it's riven summit, sending LAVA streaming down it's sides.. ANGLE ON: FRODO and SAM stagger out of the SAMMATH NAUR DOOR . . .
On his head is a ridiculous, plumed hat.
He's watching the ruins of Fort Sedgewick.
Timmons screams like a half-butchered hog and starts into an odd crippled run.
Dunbar is struck dumb.
The buckskin's ears are pricked and his eyes are set.
She screams at his touch and he pulls away.
She spits out a Stream of Sioux curses, throws her head back and wails like a wolf.
Each boy, confronted now by an angry father or uncle, is being jerked off his pony.
Kicking Bird waits.
Women begin to scream.
Dunbar and Cisco are running flat out in the moonlight.
Angry warriors pile on top of him.
Dunbar shouts out the word for buffalo, yelling it over and over as the warriors pummel him.
As the men pile off, Dunbar is left flat on his back.
While Kicking Bird's lodge rises behind her, Stands With A Fist digs out a firepit.
The mad dash is on.
Dunbar touches the top of his head and points to his hat.
There's that mumbling again.
After a couple of bites, he slips the carcass off the stick and chucks it out to Two Socks.
He looks angry.
Like an angry father who's had too much, Dunbar charges Two Sock with a roar.
She stops her fiddling.
Dances With Wolves screams too as he runs flat out down the slope.
The hand to hand fighting all around them is furious and, shrouded in smoke and fog, it has a surreal quality.
She fires the rifle and the Pawnee explodes back out of the lodge.
The Pawnee are taking a terrible licking.
He slips out.
Kicking Bird glances up frustrated with himself.
They've only gone a few yards when Kicking Bird pulls to a stop.
Kicking Bird too has stopped.
He's dead.
Trooper Spivey is crapping in the bushes.
Frustrated, they will try again.
Boobs.
Welcome to the Burlesque Lounge, dead smack in the center of the Sunset Strip-- did I say "strip?" (cat calls from audience.)
A quarter's an insult.
The Countess of contortion, Eva Destruction!
Where the hell is Nikki?
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
"Shit's" right, you little half-wit Nikki is about to unleash when the stage door opens.
Babycakes, shit or get off the throne, I got a club to fill here.
One Dewar's neat, one shot of Patron, and get this, tough-guy in the hat?
I want that bitch out.
ON THE FLOOR, Ali delivers a tray of drinks to a table of MUSIC-INDUSTRY GUYS.
So Asshole's a regular?
Ali pushes in, pissed off, and hears the sound of PUKING.
Ransacked.
Damn it!
Damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it, damn it!
Shit.
Shit.
A beat.
There's a towel in the bathroom-- dry yourself and that damn cat off.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
This stage is for serious and professional (angry, interrupting.)
This is your club and you can be as rude as you want--but don't you dare tell me I'm not serious.
And the only reason I've been putting up with all the bullshit "attitude" I get from you is cause I want to do it here.
Hang on.
After a first try: Your brush is for shit.
Screw them.
Go to Hell, turn left, it's three miles down on the right.
Bitch, you SANG that damn song!
But I hate lines.
You channeled that shit.
How the hell do you do that, girl?
Marcus shoots Vince an angry look as they head downstairs.
He crosses to her.
Without looking up, she takes a pencil, gathers her hair, and puts it up expertly.
Weaving through traffic on the Strip.
The audience goes nuts.
Oh, damn!
Then you've been kidnapped.
Who's the sucker?
Marcus the Asshole?
Holy shit.
Never thought I'd see- She stops in her tracks, spotting Vince's PANTS on the FLOOR, and a TRAIL OF WOMEN'S CLOTHES to...  THE NEW COCKTAIL WAITRESS, peering out, half-dressed, from behind the curtains-- car.
But you don't give a shit.
Tess hurls the costumes in the trunk of her car, furious.
"They don't come to hear us sing" Stupid bitch.
She jumps in, locks the door just as Tess SMASHES her fist on the window and KICKS the door.
You crazy bitch!
We HEAR Dave leave, as the street door closes shut.
You still mad at me, Iowa?
He walks back into the bedroom and once gain shuts the door.
He strides back to the bedroom, shutting the door.
She cocks an eyebrow at him.
You're a sneaky, pathetic LI-AR! (quiet, to Jack.)
I LIVE HERE, you bleached out tramp, what the hell are YOU doing here?!!
Should I be jealous?
Carrying her bags, really PISSED, she kicks a big, fat rose blossom off a bush, and continues on.
Post modern Gaultier bondage cages on top, bowler hats and black shorts.
He comes up behind her, nuzzles her neck.
As he starts to speak, she SLAMS the door shut as we HEAR "THAT'S LIFE".
Oh, shit.
Then: Ah, hell.
This time you are going to hear what I have to say if I have to tie you up with your corset strings and scream it in your God damn ear.
Back with more noise complaints?
She elbows her.
Leaving behind a lot of angry homeowners staring across the street at fluorescent light bulbs and dirty windows.
I co-own this goddamn place-- Tess comes up behind him.
Love and hate.
Kicking.
The pilot hits full power, catches the wire, slams to a stop, cuts his engines.
He gets I.R. lock...  We're locked on MiG ONE.
These guys are getting on my nerves.
This is crazy.
This is crazy!
You're crazy.
What the hell you doing?
Then it hits him.
Son of a bitch!
You're a hell of a flyer.
It is maddened.
He raises his fist and punches the night.
It SCREAMS HIGHER.
Jets swoop, missiles fire, a plane explodes.
Where Viper has stopped.
That's why we've got that plaque on the wall...  with the Top Top Gun crew from each class.
I don't know, Frank, anybody gets off on bombing the shit out of dirt has got to be queer.
Goose exchanges friendly punches with the attack pilots.
He gulps it down, cool as hell.
He was my roommate in flight school.
It's not quite a joke, more an insult.
Oh shit, goddamn it!
CORNER - A door slams shut.
Ah, what the hell, he is a fighter pilot!
But this... is ridiculous.
Mock anger.
A beat.
Too bad.
And anyway... we beat the Son of a Bitch!
The students react with clenched fists, ad libs, high fives, victory punches.
Now! SCREAMING AND YELLING.
A lot of screaming and yelling, muffled by the door.
Makes you want to scream.
A beat.
Viper slaps shut the fitness report.
Hollywood and Wolfman are being thrown about as Hollywood fights the stick.
Does it bother you?
It bothers you, why?
Cancer.
What the hell is this?
They should have warned you about that one.
It was bad.
Bad?
He said he was gonna kill the son-of-a-bitch who ruined his sister.
She came ruined!...  Ya think he knows it was me?
Break!
The fighting.
Yeah! Doesn't it ever bother you?
He finally hits the surface of the water and sucks air into his lungs.
His mind shuts down again.
A BOARD OF INQUIRY, a COMMANDER and other NAVY OFFICERS seated behind tables at the front of the room.
He is disturbed.
He looks up trying to be angry, but he can't help it, she makes him laugh.
We'd hate to lose it.
Gentlemen, you know how I hate to break up this party before it has a chance to get really out of hand...  ...but there's a major flap on.
Pull on the goddamn stick, man!
We hear instructions shouted by Fungus, but it is all obscured in the SOUNDS AND FURY OF THE BATTLE.
Ah Nuts!
Son of a bitch!
The MiG EXPLODES into a thousand small pieces.
Ohhhhhh Shit!
SHRIEKS and SCREAMS from the airframe.
Don't WORRY!!!?   You've GOT it!!? Are you CRAZY?
Nobody but an idiot would try to follow them in this maneuver.
What's wrong?
We did it... Damn!
I know.... Aw hell, let's do it!
Then... shit!
One time, he came over the deck at two hundred, shakes the shit out of the bridge.
The F-14 appears, and every man stands and WE COME SCREAMING IN, 5 FEET OVER THE WATER, throwing up rooster tails behind.
Goddamn that guy!"
You're a hell of a flyer.
Jester looks over at an admiral, who steps out of a staff car, squints up at the swooping plane, turns, barks an order to his driver, jumps in the car and SLAMS the door, the car takes off.
THE BED IS TURNED OVER in one violent throw.
It STARTS, sputters -- then craps out.
(to the bike/pissed.)
Getting what you want is stressful.
More to lose.
The Power of Whatever the Hell?
Fuck yeah.
This hot girlfriend thing is a bitch.
Breaking it down.
He's flipping out.
This is nuts.
A beat.
I killed that sucker dead!
I'm mocking you.
He's the fucking shark from JAWS.
And that book SUCKS.
But don't get an attitude because I'd rather have a life than make shit up! Ed stops.
And that includes your girl-- Shut up.
They're bimbos-- Shut up! Charlie barely refrains from hitting Ed.
The minute I stopped hanging out with you.
Jerry moves after Ed, angry but controlled.
Ed takes a ROCK and smashes the window over the kitchen sink.
BAM! Jerry kicks in the kitchen door.
I know my shit.
That mind crap.
Ed, he'd be mad that I said so, but he talks about you all the time.
How remiss he's been.
Bummer.
Holy shit.
Fuck! Can I help you with that?
Shit.
Shit, shit, shit-- Amy sees what Charlie sees.
He's hot.
You jealous?
He saw us and he was pissed.
He's startled awake by a woman's SCREAMS.
Charlie steels his nerves.
Fuck! -- DORIS is in the window now.
Oh, shit-- Charlie tugs on the door.
Charlie is helpless to stop it as she GOES UP IN FLAMES and explodes.
And there are BLOODY prints on the floor from Charlie's sneakers.
Jerry takes this in, coldly furious.
This shit is for real.
Charlie stands, upset.
A bunch of other guys pull them apart amid shouts, etc. Mark is bloodied and freaked.
Charlie!! What the hell is wrong with you?! You're an idiot, you know that?
He's WEARING THE STOLEN COAT.
Holy Shit! Pete!
Screw this.
That's a shit idea for an article.
Got rooms of this crap.
Fucking rashes are killing me...
How the fuck do I know.
He stands, pissed.
Charlie's getting angry now.
You're flipping out.
Punching out your friends and blowing everything off and is that a stake?
A beat.
He hides it behind his back.
No. Amy sits, upset.
This is ridiculous-- Jane.
Your son is harassing me!
Shit, shit...  What?
The GAS FIREPLACE EXPLODES, the STOVE EXPLODES, THE WATER HEATER ALL EXPLODE at once!! WINDOWS BLOW OUT as Charlie JUMPS on Jane and Amy, dragging them to the ground.
Go!!! Jane GUNS IT THROUGH THE OPENING GARAGE DOOR, destroying it.
Fuck.
JERRY'S TRUCK SMASHES REPEATEDLY into JANE'S.
Oh hell.
They RUN JERRY OVER WITH A TERRIBLE THUDDDD!!! Amy and Jane scream.
Are you nuts!?
Jane and Amy SCREAM!
He reaches through the hole he's made and SLAMS his fist down on the FLOOR BREAK.
The guy inside, a FAMILY MAN, is stunned and pissed.
Gets out of his car-- What the hell do you think you're doing!-- Charlie gets out of the car too.
JERRY IS A FUCKING VAMPIRE.
It was stupid to let her drive.
The ASSISTANT from the show toddles out on high heels and a ridiculous mini-dress.
A beat.
So how do you kill these guys, this "tribe"?
The door LOCKS.
You're dead.
They react to HORRIBLE SCREAMS as Ed rips ARTHUR apart.
Yells to Amy-- Amy bolts from the room as Charlie punches the glass out on another case that holds the battle axe.
He grabs the weapon.
She smashes into one GLASS CABINET after another, pulling out and pocketing everything she can find to fight ED.
JERRY SCREAMS, burns.
Vampires.
Bone is a motherfucker, Chuckles.
Charlie DUCKS and AMY smashes ED in the head.
Two guys YELL and FIGHT at a craps table.
Jerry reacts -- a flash of RAGE and he exposes his brutal rows of TEETH for just an instant.
The vampire who killed my parents, my brothers.
Fuck.
Disgusted with himself.
Let's do this shit.
He dumped me here.
Powerful shit.
No, you think I'm fucking MacGyver?
Peter walks over the floor -- finds a TRAP DOOR.
Ow, crap...
Holy shit.
A beat.
The door SLAMS SHUT AND LOCKS BEHIND HIM.
He's in a smaller room with a LARGE DIRT GRAVE in the middle.
Rasps...
Stop! Stop! Desperate, he BLASTS them again.
He reaches for his cross -- but she throws him off her with a violent HISS.
A beat.
Fuck.
Fuck yeah!
Raging and desperate -- Charlie and Jerry continue to battle.
She crawls into the grave.
A beat.
We'd blow those Cirque bitches away!
Hat trick.
Enters...  ...ED PUNCH, managing editor, looks up from a reverie with a startled expression.
Punch shoves an antique tape recorder across the table.
She is screaming LOUDER.
Has stopped screaming.
What the fuck do you want?
Stumble slightly, as he makes his way toward...  Punch looks up, startled at Quoyle's entrance.
And hostile as hell.
Rasps...
Stabs out his cigarette.
A beat.
Quoyle shuts up.
Quoyle hanging on the punch.
A beat.
Quoyle pulls over, and they stop.
He zips up, as the door slams.
Shit.
How 'bout that?
Murmurs...
As Quoyle locks his car...
Stops midway.
The boat RISES, then DROPS with cruel speed.
Madly.
Wavey, already pissed off at the principal.
He screams, pumping his fists in frustration.
A beat.
Quoyle is left alone.
Quoyle sucks it up.
She is frustrated for a moment.
He watches her anger, how cold and quiet and closed.
A beat.
The anger, the Cuervo.
And for a beat, the anger slips away.
But the bitterness is there in it.
RAISES it high to smash it, and...  ...stops.
The wind bellows in rage.
Tries to let go of the trap and grab the cat in one motion, but the cat JUMPS BACK to the boat, Jack STUMBLING out of his way, STEPS in the coiled line which WHIRRS as the trap goes...  ...DOWN, the line STRANGLING Jack's leg and WHIPPING him flailing OVER the side in one startling heartbeat.
A sob escapes from this strong man's throat.
OUISA screams.
THEY run down the side street into Their car is waiting - a Mercedes - FLAN slips the attendant a bill.
When you're in one of these moods you do not drive well and I do not want to be killed today.
HE moves over to the Slow lane.
It's that fucking Maria Callas!
Turn that damn thing off!
Chaos.
Flips it again.
We hate to pry - No no.
I hate when he uses the word "superfluous".
What's wrong?
Planning the revolution that will destroy you.
All the kids were sitting around the dorm one night dishing the- shit out of their parents.
Did you bitch your parents?
THE WATER boils.
My mother, brother and Z.
The one that was stolen.
"A deer Hunter hat?
This is a people shooting hat.
I shoot people in this hat."
Did I intrude?
A divorce.
A strike.
What troubles you?
What the fuck is going on here.
Who the fuck are you?! PAUL, startled,"sits up in bed and pulls on his clothes.
OUISA screams.
He has a gun!
Fuck.
The door shuts.
THEY are at a loss.
GEOFFREY snaps the phone shut, sticks it in his pocket and goes into the gate.
As FLAN hangs up the phone we hear a car door shut as FLAN and OUISA get in their car.
We feel so guilty.
Our kids came down from Harvard. a Loud groans of protest and disbelief fill the Two of FLAN and OUISA'S college aged CHILDREN, WOODY and TESS, and KITTY and LARKIN'S boy, BEN, slump around the room.
TESS, in a fury, leaves the apartment.
PAUL lifts his shirt and stabs himself.
OUISA screams.
How you got it at a great price because there had been a murder in it and for a while people thought it had a curse but you were a scientific man and were courageous!
Doing y hat I hate to ask.
So you accuse me of having no interest in your life, not doing for friends, being a rotten father.
We went down to the Strand - Five Sherlock Holmeses- 0 EXT THE STRAND BOOKSTORE 12th STREET AND BROADWAY DAY The TWO COUPLES AND DR.
You're so limited.
And WOODY screams at THEM in rage, his voice echoing, mindless of the STUDENTS who freeze in the background as you would at a traffic accident.
I hate this life.
I hate you.
PASSERSBY stop and gape.
Quick - what the hell is the story of this opera?
Not the little shit who lives here.
ELIZABETH (in a rage.)
Look, this is so fucking tacky.
RICK - always laid back - is suddenly quite angry.
Fuck you, quality of mercy.
What's so wrong with that?
I hadn't skated in I hate to tell you how many We came outside giddy and reeling Lights reflect in a puddle on the wet street.
ANDREW and JEANNIE are appalled.
I mean, a David Fucking Hockney print sold for a hundred bucks fifteen years ago went for Thirty four thousand dollars!
You stole the money.
You were lunatic!
Are you suicidal?
And he left me alone.
Hit it.
Hit it.
You stole money!
We were cut off.
Oh fuck.
We have drinks with the Japanese at six- fifteen - Get off that fucking phone.
Traffic traffic traffic FLAN gets out of the car and looks ahead in this din of honking horns.
THEY see PAUL being dragged into one of the two Cop cars, t kicking and screaming.
THE COP slams the car door on PAUL.
Betrayal.
He stabbed himself to get into our lives.
You were attracted to him - FLAN throws down his napkin in mock outrage.
How do we fit what happened to us into life without turning it into an anecdote with no teeth and a punch line we'll mouth over and over for years to come.
What are you unhappy about?
We're a terrible match.
You deserve it.
Hell?
Fuck that.
(beat.)
Are you nuts?! (crumples article.)
Well...  he does hate competition.
Gotta tell you, though - this is the first time the counselor wasn't some ugly as hell old bitch.
I'd rather go back to that night when my idiot bovfriend swore up and down he was sterile.
He says we should quit school and get married, and I'm telling him that that'lI screw up our educations.
I mean, what the hell - it was my body, right?
We work in a field that specializes in pissing off the cloth and you add insult to injury by breaking bread with them every week.
I'm the one...  who's soaked and... she's the one who's pissed.
You cut the phone lines...  (even more offensive with bat.) Get the fuck out of here, now!
She drops it to the floor and freaks.
There, before her, stands the exposed Metatron.
Metatron flexes and huge fucking wings extend from it's back, dripping water.
Metatron looks insulted.
(beat.)
(beat.)
(beat.)
God, I hate when people need it spelled out for them.
When Sodom and Gommorah were destroyed?
So - very inebriated - Loki tells God he quits: throws down his fiery sword, gives him the finger - which ruins it for the rest of us.
Were they sent to Hell? Worse.
Are these guys that bitter?
To Hell with Him.
It's my own private way of saying "fuck you" to God.
Bethany shuts off the lights in the various rooms.
Bethany exits and locks the door behind her.
Bethany throws her bag on her car roof and rumages through her purse for her keys.
The stick hits the car door above her.
He lands before the middle Triplet and open-palm punches him twice in the face, grabbing his stick from the falling child's hand and tossing it into the air behind him.
Dude, I know they were just kids, but we kicked their fucking asses!
You mean those fucks with the signs and pictures of dead babies?
Me and Silent Bob are pro-choice:a woman 5 body is her own fucking business.
Why else would they be there unless they like to fuck.
What the shit is that?
(to Silent Bob.) How about that shit?
I'm hard as hell.
I hate sloppy seconds.
And one day this fuck wants to rent a video.
But then we got thrown out of Macy's when we watched 'Pretty in Pink', because of this bitch.
Well pussy here starts fuckin' sobbing all sorts of loud and shit.
And the manager's like "Get the hell out of here!"
And there's all this fine bush running around, and we could kick all the dude's asses because they're all whiney pussies.
What kind of shit is that?! Fucking movies are bullshit!
Fuck that.
This berg sucks.
Everyone talks with a stupid accent so you don't know what they're saying, and it's too fuckin' cold.
Movies are bullshit.
Humans are dumb, but not that dumb.
Who the hell do you think you are, lady?
He's the fuckin' undead!! Cut his head off!! (getting up with Bethany's help.)
Mind your own fucking business!
(to Jay.) Listen, goldie-locks, what I just did was not easy and it ga\e me a fucking migraine.
The Triplet that Rufus threw rushes Rufus from behind - hockey stick in lancing position.
Alright - what's with you, lady?! That's the second time you got attacked by the fucking Mighty Ducks! (wiping off hands.)
It's amazing the shit people throw out.
It means they saw you pull that shit out of that dumpster.
What do you call this shit?
Nasty little bastards called the Stygian Triplets.
Wait a minute - are you going to listen to this shit?
I hate to say it - but he does have a point.
Neither are any of us, but you don't hear us bitching.
Another way is to say I was bludgeoned to shit by big rocks.
Shit, everyone knows that.
Now where did those two assholes go?
ACROSS THE STAGE a small GANG of bandanna-wearing, angry-looking blacks watch the OC Jay with little amusement.
(cocks gun.)
Give me at least one "I'm sorry," and ltll put a kill shot through that thick fucking skull of your's.
I'm closing my jacket, so that when we start this up, I don't get your filthy fucking brain guts all over my shirt.
What I'm saying is that you got shit for brains.
See, there's gonna he some nine's firing in here, and when the bullets stop flyin', your cunt-lip ass is gonna be all holes and smoke.
Fuck that.
And fuck you - you punk-ass monkey bitch!
You think every white boy cowers at your ass? Shit, if I don't fucking plant you - watermelon - my muscle here will.
Silent Bob doesn't talk in words - he speaks in bullets.
Re's all quiet cause he's thinking about how he's gonna take you and your bitches out quick enough to piss on the bullets in your bodies before they cool down.
(to Silent Bob.) Silent Bob - shoot these punk-monkey bitches.
(beat.)
What the fuck kind of muscle are you?! All this time and you got no gun!
Jay fumes.
(points to Silent Bob.) Shoot this piece of shit first.
(slaps a file on table.)
Loki throws the knife at the table, severing the phone cord.
I apologize for my friend's...  (frustrated.)
You're her father, you sick fuck.
She slams her eyes shut.
Hell, the tubby, coat-wearing mother fucker's got tits - don't make him a woman.
Oh shit.
Somebody sold their soul to Satan to get the grosses up on that piece of shit.
What's that smell?
A shit-demon.
Is this smelly fuck with us?
What the fuck happened?!? Go for the bar.
NoMan snaps to attention and throws it's arm at them, launching a huge glob of shit through the air.
The shit flies over them and slams against the mirror above.
Serendipity pulls at the floor, yanking open a door.
Serendipity follows, pulling the door shut on top of them.
And the result is that walking pile of crap up there: the Golgothan Shit-Demon - Hell's chief assassin.
A milky drop of shit drips through it.
Shit's brainless.
Fuck you - weak-minded!
Why the hell are we getting yelled at?! Just watch out for Bethany.
The nails.
Blasphemer.
Shit.
NoMan is tied to a chair in the middle of the floor.
(beat.)
She, you chauvinist bastard - She's brain dead.
No soul escapes Hell, but one.
Jesus Christ, Azrael - how'd you get out of Hell?
You lied?
A demon.
Why? You're pissing people off, that's why!
Word on the grapevine is that God's pissed off at your presumption, and I know Lucifer's pissed because you assholes might just succeed where he's failed so many times, making him look bad.
Shit man - that is punishment.
He still digs humanity, but it bothers Him to see the shit that gets carried out in His name - wars, bigotry, but especially the factioning of all the religions.
You're divorced?
I was dumped once.
It's terrible, isn't it?
Abandonment.
(beat.)
The Apostle! Holy shit! (stumbling to her feet.)
Holy shit - the Apostle!
(dazed.)
He throws Loki out the door, off the train.
Bartleby drops the knife and punches Rufus in the face.
He pulls Bethany off Bartleby's back and kicks him out the back door, off the train.
A door is kicked open.
Well, shit man!
Shit.
You threw those guys off.
Shut the fuck up, little man - you couldn't kill a pint of ice cream, let alone an angel.
Fuck you - I can kill an angel as good as the next guy.
So then we're screwed?
Shit, that's the best news l've heard in days.
This doesn't excuse you from tryng to stop them.
That show's funny as hell.
Were He to be killed in human form, He'd have immediately returned to Paradise.
Don't be stupid - demons aren't exclusive to Hell.
And why did you lie to me?
(beat.)
(beat.)
Look what we stole from the guy in the dress.
We're going straight to Hell, I know it.
You stole the Cardinal's driver?
And just to insure that, we're all going to sit tight, right here, until the two idiots pass through that arch.
There's only one idiot here, .Azrael...  Bethany and Rufus react, as does the very surprised Azrael.
Glick grabs a COP from the crowd and pushes him toward the pair.
These are the two I was warned about, Officer McChee.
Mister McGhee, don't make me angry.
You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
He was kicked out.
But Azrael refused to fight.
So after the fallen were banished to Hell, God turned on those that wouldn't fight, and my brother here was sent down with the demons.
It never bothered me, and I'll tell you why: you stood behind your office, you prick.
So all this is about revenge?! You're going to unmake existence because you have a grudge against God?!
Escape from Hell became my all-consuming reason.
(beat.)
Do you know that once Hell was nothing more than the absence of Cod?
Screams are heard.
I'd be pissed, but in a couple of minutes, it won't matter anymore.
Now who's the fucking child?
I'm a fucking demon, and you'd have him assault me with athletic equipment?
Rufus, Jay, and Serendipity turn on their captors, grabbing the Stygian Triplets by the throats.
Cruddy steam and muck blows out of the water.
What the fuck have you been eating?
He drops the receiver, drops to his knees, and screams.
Holy shit.
It's a scene straight out of Hell.
Are you shitting me?
This guy's drunker than hell.
YOU FUCK! YOU SICK, TWISTED FUCK!! LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE!! LOOK AT All you've done... !
Rufus and Serendipity and Silent Bob jump Bartleby and start throwing punches.
We're fucked!
What the fuck kind of deity gets kidnapped?! (pulling open pants.)
What the hell are you doing?! I'd say we've got about five minutes left to live; the whole world's going to end.
You said you'd fuck me.
Solomon screaming against each blow.
His back immediately SWELLING WITH WELTS AND This beating continues on and on and on until quite literally Burch WEARS HIMSELF OUT with the effort.
The door to the yard is thrown open.
Rags and tatters.
Rags and tatters.
Taking the shirt, the "rags and tatters" as he calls them, Radburn exits, locking the door behind him.
It is a crime.
But John was'n kidnapped.
A KEY TURNS IN THE LOCK AND THE DOOR OPENS.
He is that insignificant to them.
We tilt up from the violent water foam to the powering paddles of the boat.
A damn sight better than you, Cape.
A damn sight better.
Goddamn it, Cape! Keep her quiet or it's your damned hide I will take it out of! Cape pulls a rag, stuffs it in Eliza's mouth.
Mistress!
Mistress, they arrivn'.
Tibeats looks pissed.
Eliza, stop!
Do I upset the Mistress and the Master?
Troublesome.
Callin' me a liar, boy?
You are a brute.
In an inconsolable rage, Tibeats runs off to the piazza to fetch a whip.
A violent struggle takes place as Solomon puts a foot to Tibeats throat, and then in a frenzy of madness snatches the whip from Tibeats and begins to strike him with the handle again and again and again.
It's murder!
Tibeats remains, and his anger with him.
They take up position in the middle of the floor.
With all her might she throws it at Patsey.
Mistress Epps, screaming like a hellion: Sell her! C'mon, now.
You will remove that black bitch from this property, 'er I'll take myself back to Cheneyville.
You will take it to be filled and return immediately.
I will, Mistress.
He catches himself, but not before the Mistress notes his action.
I was sent there by Mistress Epps.
Excuse me, Mistress Shaw.
I meant no disrespect to you, Mistress.
He lifts himself and moves toward the pair in a rage.
Damn yah.
Epps's frustration mounts until - as the Mistress Shaw had cautioned - he crosses the line from passion to violence.
When that fails, he punches her which only leads to him taking up his whip and lashing Patsey MERCILESSLY.
As before, Solomon waits as Bartholomew fills Mistress Epps order.
They foul with it; foul with their hate.
It's an invitation for the Mistress to continue.
The Mistress lets her anger loose.
She moves quickly to Patsey, DRIVES HER NAILS INTO THE the moment marked with appropriate screams.
Beat it from 'em! Thoroughly cuckolded by the Mistress's actions, Epps takes his whip and pulls Patsey out of the house.
It is a I secreted it from the Mistress.
A plague! It's damn Biblical.
What I done that God hate me so?
I don't care nothin' fer the damn Bayou.
Damn you!
Damn you!
With no greeting, she says: I am hungry.
I'm of a damn sight better station.
I'm damned.
Cash down is the only thing that will deliver him from evil.
Talk, Damn you!
The hell you don't!
A beat.
As they hear his angry voice, the slaves step around from where they are hanging their laundry to dry.
Lies to your misdeeds!
I got this from Mistress Shaw.
You lie...
You lie!
Yah done this to yerself, Pats! Epps hoists the whip to strike, holds it high... but no matter his rage, Epps cannot bring himself to deliver the blow.
The painfully loud and angry curses of Epps load the air.
Solomon, screaming at Epps: Thou devil!
Though Epps fronts rage, there should be underlying anguish for what he has done to his beloved Pats.
You be goddamn careful I don't come to wantin' to lightenin' my mood no further.
He says not a word to the Mistress as he passes.
The Mistress herself heads back into the house.
That slavery is an evil that should befall none?
Steam pouring from its nostrils.
She runs her hand down along its neck, in towards the wound.
She dodges, punches below his knee cap, and goes for her pistol.
She goes for the gun again and again he stops her.
He throws her over his shoulder into a pile of snow.
HANNA clears the kill site.
What's wrong?
How you beat me.
He shuts the book.
Both are fit.
HANNA breathless, angry.
She is angry for the first time.
She stops, sensing ERIK'S mood.
What's wrong?
What the fuck is he doing there?
The son of a bitch.
This is exactly the kind of shit we can't have out there anymore.
HANNA lies on the cot.
Hanna lies motionless.
BURTON hears the instruction to abort but too late...  ...as suddenly and with total efficiency HANNA SNAPS the FALSE MARISSA's neck.
She flies across the desk and smashing a glass test tube, she cuts the doctor's neck, then turns and does the same to the other one.
She puts a foot on a rail, halls herself up towards the vent.
She crawls quickly towards it and stops at a kind of manhole cover with a sprung lever - she wrenches the lever and pushes against it.
After a moment her ears prick up.
There is a small explosion and the car swerves off the road and smashes headlong into a post.
MARISSA puts on a pair of rubber kitchen gloves and sets fire to the file in the sink.
HANNA's throat is parched by the dry heat, her pale eyes scorched by the angry sun.
I'm Sophie and this is my brother, Shit for Brains.
There's turbulence.
In the bedroom the kettle is still having a violent tantrum, the TV is still screaming, the fan still cutting, the phone still shouting.
Smashes at the door.
Neither of us can afford a fuck up.
The fuck does that mean?
How terrible.
MILES is sleepy and SOPHIE a little grumpy.
When she finds it, she tries the doors but they're locked.
He thinks you broke our sunroof too, which puts you in deep shit.
What the fuck?
Kid's, they fuck you up, don't they?
MARISSA stands up, puts a 9mm to the back KATRIN'S head and pulls the trigger.
Her actions become progressively more frantic, relishing the destruction.
ERIK shivering in the cold as icy rain falls around him, he's holding the CELLPHONE he stole from the dead SPECIAL OPS.
RACHEL screams.
But, this one - You know, Mr Lyall, it's days like these that I really hate my job.
You little bastard!
Behind them is a GRIMM'S What the hell is this?
There's a knock at the door.
There's another knock at the door.
The sound of KNEPFLER being escorted into a next-door room, the door shutting.
I can smell it.
Crazy bastard.
HELLER throws himself against the back wall of the kitchen.
HANNA knocks at the door of number 14, waits, knocks again, louder.
With a sharp kick she smashes the glass.
HANNA sinks to the floor.
What's wrong with me?
He has distracted them.
They had a fight.
Grim.
It's grim.
HANNA kicks his foot out of the door.
BUSINESSMAN grabs her hair and throws her on the bed.
BUSINESSMAN starts to scream, blood pouring from his eyes.
She kicks him, punches him, repeatedly in a grief-fuelled rage until she is spent of her primal fury and falls, panting, to the floor.
Cold as hell.
Are you in trouble?
She gets out and shuts the door behind her.
MARISSA has her gun pointing at HANNA but her expression is the same sunny, uncomplicated smile as earlier.
You killed my mother.
She stops at the cabinet and fires three shots into its flimsy doors.
She grabs him by the hair and smashes his head repeatedly into the floor - BAM - BAM - BAM - BAM - BAM. Silence - he's dead.
An angry aristocratic English voice: "At home children are writing 'essays' about him!"...  the sound of massed rifle fire, screams...
Amid the screams and sounds of chaos we dissolve through to Close shot.
Gandhi rights himself on the platform, picking up his briefcase, his face a mixture of rage, humiliation, impotence.
The sergeant's fury bursts -- and he slams the billy club down on Gandhi's head.
Ba screams.
The sergeant stares at him, angry but his emotions somewhat in control after the first blow.
Ba pulls one of the strands of tape and Gandhi flinches.
She says it derisively and it stings, but Gandhi is aware of Walker and he fights to hold his temper.
It is hushed but violent as he pulls her toward the rear door, opening it to push her out as she struggles against him.
Gandhi stares at her breathlessly, his temper subsiding into a dazed remorse.
Ba studies him for a moment -- and she sighs, her temper and breathing subsiding too.
In the gallery a rhythmic pounding signals the anger and protest and is taken up around the hall.
Now a violent response -- a large, powerful merchant rises in the third row.
An angry roar from the miners.
"God damn you, Englishman!," "Jackal!"
But -- It is a command, and angry in its own way, but it carries all the weight of his influence on them.
Daniels immediately starts to accompany him, but Gandhi stops.
A beat.
The officer commanding and the Guard of Honor await him.
A car door slams.
They are British and their troop leader is viciously angry.
His British NCOs are equally angry and deliberately ride close to the passengers, forcing them back against the train.
An open staff car pulls up through the press of the crowd.
Again the temper of it produces a little silence.
Jinnah's eyes rake him with anger and distaste.
The crowd, running, screaming.
He is carrying a baby wrapped in rags.
All around, the noise of the angry, surging crowd, stones raining on the building.
It stops Nehru.
The courtroom immediately falls silent.
He is concerned enough to be angry, but certain enough to be dogmatic.
Before it six British police officers and two Indian police officers command a large troop of Indian policemen.
He slaps his lighter shut and addresses Gandhi in hushed but fiercely felt words.
Nehru and Patel are approaching from the conference room, both of them looking worn and angry too.
And the man's eyes knot, and he swings out of shot as he runs in fury and rage at the other column.
There is a sudden commotion just below them and angry shouts: "Death to Muslims!," "Death to Muslims!" Gandhi peers down.
Tears flush from the boy's eyes and he stares at Gandhi with a kind of hopeless anguish and rage.
The commissioner looks at him, uncertain, not knowing what to do, as the angry chanting continues above the sound of rioting.
Azad, Suhrawardy, and others sit on the floor behind him.
"Who the hell is he?," "I don't know, sir." "My name is Gandhi.
Bob expertly flips one over and opens it.
In the street it's turning into a full-blown protest.
Protests in Iran.
No, I want to talk about The Gulf and how a goddamn E-mir, what is an E-mir anyway -- King.
I don't need to tell you this is a hell of an opportunity for you to catch those peers who have spent, how should I put it, less time on the government dole.
Scram?
Shit.
Wasim begins stripping off his grimy uniform.
Ragged, unbathed, they're wasted.
He sits in traffic.
The man yells after him.
I don't need your goddamn hospitality.
The front door SLAMS.
A bystander yells -- Cut the power!
Robby is disappointed and angry.
Fucking cliche.
Fuck Connex.
Fucking slant- drillers.
Nobody handed me shit.
OUTSIDE a MAN has a gun stuck in his waistband.
Both have guns in their waistbands.
They hate me being here, dressed like this.
You're very angry.
Here is your route.
The guards are SCREAMING.
The elevator TONES at another floor.
He turns and THREE MEN with guns are standing there.
He's slammed against the door.
The dolly stops.
Mussawi circles behind Bob who tries to speak but his throat is too dry.
You're fucked is what.
That's disgusting.
You fucking fuck, fucking fuck stupid fuck, what the fuck.
This is war you fuck.
Give me the fucking names.
From Bob's POV Mussawi loses his shit.
The force of a blow knocks the chair over and Bob's POV is tilted against the floor.
I'm cutting his fucking head off.
They SHOUT.
The said is very angry with you, Mussawi.
He twitches.
Everybody stop what you're doing.
Whiting and the Middle-man wait.
Are we in trouble?
I had a feeling about this guy, a Sunni nut-job, but I'm back here where I got on the wrong side of Terry, then an opportunity just happened to come up involving someone I worked with before, not a radical, I mean, he went to Rutgers, only now he flips, wants to cut my goddamn head off.
And now they got me isolated away in here and they send these suits around asking me nonsense questions about bad people who are no longer with us, no longer with us on their goddamn orders.
Shit.
Shit -- Park Place with hotels.
They hoot and protest.
The Emir's JAPANESE SECRETARY half-rises.
Nasir is furious.
He got a goddamn Nobel prize.
Oh, who gives a shit!
This gets through, but then -- Fuck you.
Bennett stops.
Farish's car stops.
Another white asshole?
You think I don't want a fucking drink?
The only way you can change this shit, all this shit, is from the inside.
Which a fucking loser like you will never understand.
The door shuts behind his dad -- (yelling after him.)
A wide expanse of lawn.
My father arrested the malcontents.
In our line of work, the guy with the documents is usually the guy who stole the documents.
Your words.
Bennett helps him inside and the door shuts behind them.. ANGLE ON: BILLY MATTHEWS, 8, ravenously eating a plate of hashbrowns, runny fried eggs and syrupy waffles.
Doug looks a little insulted.
"Wild Hogs" writers first draft 7/06/05 8. Woody yells out the front door.
Doug jumps up to slam the ball, but only hammers it into the rim.
Doug enters his bedroom and shuts the door behind him.
And if you ever lay your head on my back when you're riding bitch again, I'm going to throw you into traffic.
What the hell are you staring at!? Paul glares at the other guys for a beat, then cracks up.
This place sucks.
She's hot.
She's very hot.
He's getting upset.
I'm still the same, shitty son-in-law I used to be.
I liked it when you weren't afraid of looking stupid.
What's wrong with you?
It's in my skin, bitch!
What the hell, man?
This is poop.
(yells after him.)
"Wild Hogs" writers first draft 7/06/05 36 I told you we were going to hit some strip clubs when we get back.
Shit!
Dudley is already throwing it on the fire.
They ride in formation, until Woody's bandana doo-rag blows off.
The other guys stop and wait for him to return.
He breathes a sigh of relief, until he hears an angry yell behind him.
What's wrong with you?
This place has little rocks Get out of the damn water!
Dammit!
Hell yeah, brother.
You're serious!? Dudley, maybe you should-- "Wild Hogs" writers first draft 7/06/05 46.
Suburban assholes that buy leather outfits and think they're bikers.
And it's a joke I'm damn sick of.
Are you nuts?
What a bunch of pussies.
Ow! Shit, man!
shit.
What'd we do to deserve this!?
Not another one of these assholes.
Not another one of these assholes.
(loudly, to Doug.) so he is one of those assholes, Doug.
And who the hell are you freaks?
Hells Angel's don't give permission.
Bob hammers the table and stands up - his face red with long-suppressed rage.
(turns to Murdock.) Listen, you piece of shit.
Murdock is too filled with rage to speak.
And if that gang of inbred assholes needs things explained to them again, tell 'em the Wild Hogs will be right here in Lucas tonight.
Also, one of the Dooble brothers tried to throw tear gas, but the bottle exploded and blew off his ear.
Woody fumes.
The Hell's Angels are gathered around, watching JACK beat the crap out of a remaining wall with a pipe.
Those assholes think they can cross the Hells Angels?
Jack realizes what the joke is...  No! I'm not-- I'm going to put my foot up their asses!
Hell, I'm going to stick anything I can in their asses, and I'm going to enlov it.
Jack boils red.
Oww! Dammit! "Wild Hogs" writers first draft 7/06/05 67.
Doug stops, mid-bite, and puts the bread down.
(yells at crowd of people.)
Slap the bull!
We're slapping the bull.
Hell yeah.
I'm gonna slap the shit out of that bull.
Did you hear how pissed he was!?
(back to Bull.) Bitch!
Hey! Leave him alone!
Hah! Missed me, you fat bastard!
I dodged him!
I dodged that stupid cow!
He scrambles back up, furious.
You son of a bitch!
He deserves it!
Bob looks pissed.
Woody!? What the hell is wrong with-- Shhhh!
(to Hells Angels.)
Jack realizes; Shut the hell up!
A kid yells at the Hells Angels as they ride out of sight.
You did! You're a stinking liar!
So, I lied about the Hells Angels.
You asshole!
Woody takes off his "Wild Hogs" jacket and throws it at their feet.
Hell yeah we are!! Wheeew!
The guy who gets injections in his scalp so he won't go bald! Bob storms out the back door of the police station.
Angry bikers.
I screwed up!
Shit.
"Wild Hogs" writers first draft 7/06/05 94. Bob grabs another paddle and throws it.
Dudley bites his lip in frustration.
Smaller kitchen, but less piss on the bathroom floor.
The Hells Angels have him.
They mouth "Shit:" Damn right, the Hells Angels.
(yelling to phone.)
Dammit.
(yelling to phone.)
The front door of the bar opens and the HELLS ANGELS swagger out.
(yells to Jack.) Give us back our friend, asshole!
Jack turns back and looks at Doug in disbelief - then rage.
(to Hells Angels.)
The Hells Angels close to within a few feet of the "Wild Hogs," and raise their weapons to strike.
The Hells Angels stop.
You want to beat the shit out of us?
Why don't we make it fair, if you guys are so freaking tough?
You in, or are you too much of a bitch?
The Hells Angels freeze.
Jack grits his teeth in rage and turns back to Doug.
They're surrounded by a circle of Hells Angels, rowdily waiting for the fight to commence.
Damn.
Doug cringes and waits for the punch, which comes like a freight train into his stomach.
Doug doubles over again as Jack lines up another punch.
What? look, I really hate you, but I don't want to feel responsible for a death.
ANGLE ON: Hells Angels.
They cock the guns and walk to Charley's side.
Charley turns back to the Hells Angels.
Jack grits his teeth and throws a set of keys at Dudley.
You need to learn some damn respect for real bikers.
Dammit!
Annie pretends to wake up.
Annie sits in her old shitty car.
Oh, shit.
It's summer?! What the hell does that mean?
Shit.
Ok, I don't know if it's because I'm tired or what, but I wanna kill him.
We'll go to Joni's and pig out and I'll bring some shitty magazines, and I'm gonna spend the night.
She throws her keys down and sifts through her mail.
She shuts the door behind her.
She plays it and lies down.
And someday when hell freezes over and I get married, you can be my Maid of Honor.
(mocking.)
Shit!
(beat.)
(mumbling.)
(mumbling.)
(beat.)
(disappointed.)
(beat.)
(irritated.)
Tons of men begin to yell and fight over her.
Is that the guy who stole a bunch of money from you and gave you an STD? Everyone freezes.
He's hot.
Backing up traffic.
Shit.
Oh shit.
(beat.)
Shit!! No! No! I left my fucking credit card at the restaurant!
Shit!
Especially cause you have such a shitty car.
Holy Shit Annie!
They scream and jump up and down.
(screams in shock.)
She knocks on the door.
Holy shit, two fours.
The guys scream.
Everyone eats huge burgers including the driver (not Annie, she is annoyed!.)
Thunder!
I hate Helen.
I hate Helen.
Oh shit.
There's a knock at the door.
I tried calling you fifty fucking times.
You were what, hooking up with this fossil?! First of all- Shut the fuck up or I will kick your ass bitch.
Annie immediately gets punched in the face.
Baker Community College bitch!
I don't wanna be rude.
Ladies scream.
The girls scream.
She's mad at me because I won't let her invite everyone from her work.
Annie's shitty car drives down a road covered with Rose petals.
An annoyed Annie arrives at the house on the horse with the man leading her on foot, holding the cookies.
Annie is pissed and plops her tupperware of cookies on a nearby table.
Asshole.
How did you-- Are you fucking kidding me?
Why don't we go in the other room and-- Shut up you ridiculous person, you a sneaky little cream and white cashmere--.
This stupid marshmallow puffy furniture!
She is fighting and punching the air like a crazy person, chasing a swan.
I'm selfish?
Annie reads a shitty magazine at the counter.
She goes back one more time, throws a bunch of trash and diet coke cans out of the window.
She stops, comes back and grabs a small paper bag, and runs out the door.
You don't call 911 for a flat tire!
The girls SCREAM!
Shit!
I said, will you, for once, shut the fuck up!!!?? Dana approaches Helen.
The guy gets out of the car.
I'm in a goddamn hurry.a
I'm gonna get you bitches!!
Or I will shove this Jack so far down your throat you will shit out... your fucking..face!
But what the hell do you do when you're nineteen.
I think I have a dumb heredity.
Shuts the door.
What the hell are they doing here?
It's my goddamn quarry.
Marlboro Man whizzes past us.. - Mike looks angry.
Goddamn redneck retards.
BLASE is boiling water.
He hits it.
At my agel What the hell do you mean at my age.
But most of the quarries have shut down.
She's your goddamn mother.
Moocher shuts the other door too.
He steals the ball.
A sudden explosive noise of a tire going flat.
Here's your sponge and here's your rag and there's your place.
Moocher takes the sponge and the rag and heads for the car wash.
He goes past the punch clock.
And then, with a sudden explosive movement, he punches the clock with his fist, knocking it off the wall.
Mr. Blase is still annoyed by Dave's music.
He's at.a standstill.
FADE Tffi3OUGH TO: Mrs. Blase is mopping the kitchen floor.
Damn right.
Cyril stops strummming.
Cyril stops.
Did you get lost.
A loud protest is heard from everybody.
The funniest part is that tough-guy Mike didn't get a punch in.
Oh, damn.
- '(interrupts.)
I don't give a damn.
I'm so sick of that shit.
Get all the glory for yourself but when it comes time to do something for the rest of us...  Shit.
He hits .t
He's angry with himself.
Leave me alone.
Mr. Blase shuts the sign off.
He's in terrible shape.
I ruined everything.
He's in the middle of the pack.
The 1ST ITALIAN is annoyed.
But the lst Italian is upset.
He's jarred and angry.
He's a little angry.
He's still angry at them.
You; hungry, Jake, is that it?
But there is a hint there of: The hell with her thenI EXT.
The hell with it.
If you eat so much, Moocher, how come you're so damn small?
The riders begin their mad scramble for positions.
His left leg is bothering him.
Wants to yell., but can't bring herself to do it.
He grabs it.
cowboy hat.
OK, Mr Ferrar is such an asshole.
Fuck you., Kurt.
I don't know if it's a fucking date!
I hate the fuckin' movies anyway.
Don't be such a little fuckin' goody two- shoes.
- Fuck you.
Quit bugging me.
Well, get 'em the fuck away from me! Ma'am, we're only trying to help you!
Darren is mad.
Who's gonna steal him?
fucked up?
What's wrong?
2nd Blue Revised 10/28/05 - Page 31 -- because the people who blew up the World Trade Center were a bunch of sick monsters - Oh they were monsters?
I agree it's a bullshit term.
Yeah, I think this whole class should apologize to Angie, because all she did was express her opinion about what her relatives in Syria think about the fact that we bombed the shit out of a practically medieval culture -- Thank you! -- and everybody started screaming at her like she was defending the Ku Klux Klan!
But I'm not gonna make a fuckin' ass out of myself parading around in a play so I can ask everyone how great I was for three years afterwards like my fuck-ass mother.
Give me a break.
Get fuckin' out of my house!
Hey... Why does everything I say annoy you?
I'm horrible!
You're a little cunt, do you know that?
You're a big cunt.
LISA But if you're really Why? It's refreshing! -- If you're really saying you're not aware that you've been really annoyed with me, or really irritable with me -- and it doesn't matter if_I express it exactly accurately: you know what I'm trying to say --!
Norte of that matters at all! You've been in a million plays, you always get freaked out because of what some dumb critic is gonna say about your dumb play, I don't frankly give a shit about Ramon or who you're going out with this week -- I never go out with anyone!
So who cares if I like your fucking boyfriend?
Why are you bothering me about all this?
Won't your "Mother" be "Upset?"
OK: You sound insane.
She shuts the door.
I'm actually kind of mad at you...  Why? (Pause.)
Didn't you ever hear of the "Morning After The Guy Came Too Fast Pill?" Oh, the "I'm A Total Fucking Moron" Pill?
But how about those people yelling "Bravi!" and "Brava!"
GARY the theater teacher, 30s, has the floor.
Now I know there's been a lot of shit going on between a lot of the people in this room..But I wanna tell you something: You've worked too fucking hard for this show to be derailed now by the kind of bullshit I know has been going on around here.
But you're too Goddamn lazy, you think you can just waltz through this part, and it's pissing me off.
Because this show cannot come together until you learn your fucking lines.
This is harassment!
She hangs up.
Take a stab.
For the trip?
She's some girl who was at the Nothin's the matter with me, accident -- let her use the fuckin' bathroom.
O.C., we hear the boys yelling at each other.
Let 'em kill each other.
But I lied.
You lied.
Leave it alone.
She's dead!
She's dead!
Hey do whatever you fuckin' want.
But those cops are gonna laugh in your fuckin' face because this was not my fault!
MRS MARETTI What's your fuckin' number, Gerry!
Is it bad?
Shut up! OK.
Fuck him, what does he know?
(A la Noel Coward.)
.Yeah, because the Central Park Conservatory or whatever it's called put up about five hundred miles worth of these cheap shitty-looking fences all over the park.
CU on the angry embarrassed back of John's reddening grown-up neck as he keeps walking away.
The door shuts.
Fuck you...  Pink Revised 9/25/05 - Page 112A Mitchell picks up the phone.
Which means they should have known the guy was a bad risk and was irresponsible and they negligently retained him until he finally killed somebody.
That means we're in great shape and I think we should go in there and sue their fuckin' asses off.
Then Monica goes to the wedding, in fucking Arizona, and Abigail literally won't speak to her.
I don't give a fuck what you believe in.
Why are you so mad at me!?
She comes back and upsets more things on the table.
Here's a possibility LISA that you can do whatever you Jesus Christ! want to do, because I don't What is with you? even care anymore, you heartless little fuckin' bitch!
because they're so "frustrated!"
Who kills their own sisters?
She's rude, Lisa.
How's that anti-Semitic piece of shit Ramon?- Oh God, I don't know.
What's wrong?
What fuckin' fund?
I'll deny everything and you're gonna look like a total psycho.
Rob?
On top of that you may not know, Lisa, they're involved in a very tricky labor dispute at the MTA right Yeah, we know all about that!
This is a distortion -- And the only reason you're getting the money at all is because I started this whole fucking thing in motion!
She knocks the speaker phone off the desk and runs to the door in floods of tears.
You sleazy fucking lawyer!
And you're a moralistic cunt!
THE BATTLE.
C.U. MAN, pushing slowly in as the battle rages O.S.
Then the FRAME WHITES OUT with an explosive THUNDERCLAP!
Oh shit...
Penetrating.
Mr. X, now Officer X, puts the car in gear and drives into the night.
Janelle gives up with a SLAM of the house's back door.
Following laconically, are THREE Silberman stops at one of the SOUNDPROOF STEEL DOORS.
It drives her to the floor, pinning her like a bug.
Below his ARREST RECORD are his vital stats.
Pinning her with an accusing gaze.
They force her down and she is pinned to the floor, screaming.
She starts to scream but no sound comes out.
Sarah is burning, screaming silently, everything silent and overexposed.
The children, charcoal statues frozen in positions of play, explode into black leaves of ash and swirl away.
Video Sarah cuts him off, her mood shifting to sudden rage.
Loses him.
One of them is slammed to the floor.
ON TERMINATOR'S BACK, as the 9mm slugs slam into it, punching bloody holes in the motorcycle jacket.
Neither the cop nor Terminator show the slightest change in expression as the gun rips Terminator's wardrobe to shreds.
After about two seconds of intense slamming, the walls on both sides of the corridor have all the plaster smashed in, and the two battling machines have blasted through the wall and disappeared.
John shoots into the busy traffic.
fireball blasting through behind them as the truck's side-tanks explode.
Now we see Todd Voight PINNED TO A KITCHEN CABINET by the spike which has punched through his milk carton, through his mouth and exits the back of his head into the cabinet door.
THUMP.
John yells in outrage to Terminator.
He stops at the door.
A mop lies on the floor, with its handle snapped off about halfway up.
Sarah slams the makeshift baton down expertly across the back of his head, bouncing him off the linoleum.
Mossberg and the other cops exit, and the guard locks the door behind them.
T-1000 slams the locker door and waits as the nurse hits the button unlocking the door with a BUZZ-CLACK.
She slams into him, hurling him through the door into the cage and follows him in.
She grabs him by the hair and slams him face down on the desk, smacking him behind the knees expertly with the baton.
Terminator kicks the guard's gun away, then smashes the phone in the shack with his fist.
She slams the bars shut.
The orderly is racing at her, white-lipped with rage.
Sarah takes off running, looking back at the frustrated orderlies.
SMACK!
And it hit him.
The wall smacks him, then the floor kicks him in the face.
are punching holes in the other side.
Then CLANGG!! a swordlike shaft punches through the ceiling and spears down four feet into the elevator car.
He throws it to John.
The explosion knocks Terminator backward off his feet, enveloping him in the fireball.
Cocks the slide.
Terminator punches it.
Feet dragging on the pavement, it slams its other hand down, punching another metal hook into the trunk lid, pulling itself up.
Sets down a bloody rag.
Screaming soundlessly.
burning, screaming silently, everything silent and overexposed.
Expressionless.
Then she lies down on the embankment.
Thump.
She throws it down and draws her .45
Tarissa is screaming.
The kill has gone bad, with screaming kids and the wife involved...  things she never figured on.
We see her psyching herself to pull the trigger...  needing now to hate this man she doesn't know.
below the elbow.
We see his nerve snapping.
Dyson's running out of steam.
He is slammed to the floor by the impacts.
Terminator grabs him as bullets slam into his broad back.
The breech snaps shut.
Dyson is lying amid the ruins of his dreams.
The gunfire has stopped.
Screams and whimpers echo in the smoke.
One of the doors is kicked open.
She lies there, an exposed target...
The radiator is destroyed, along with half the hood.
Steam blasts out, obscuring the whole front of the truck.
With an unholy scream, like the unoiled hubs of Hell, the whole rig slides on its side at 60 mph toward the steel mill.
He smashes through a railing and slams up against the base of a massive machine.
The T-1000 is losing it.
T-1000 smacks the weapon out of his hands.
It clatters to the floor.
Sarah screams and hurls John into a gap between the machines.
At the last instant she whips up the RIOT GUN and FIRES.
fury.
Swinging again and again.
The third blow slams into his back, smashing his spine and pelvis.
It punches into Terminator's back, through a gap in the shattered armor.
It punches right through.
feet are melded with the floor, sucking and fusing with the tiles as she walks.
She has failed.
Clatters to the floor.
Warriors.
A city? It's more of a hell hole.
The door is LOCKED.
Dazed.
She lowers her journal, annoyed.
A fluorescent light flutters on as Colter shuts the door.
Commotion.
On the rowhouses, a ALUMINUM DOOR MOLDINGS begin to MELT in the intense heat.
It FALLS through the air and SMASHES into the middle of an traffic intersection below with a shattering force.
The cascade of EXPLOSIONS continues.
What the hell?
It's a goddamn simulation.
Expecting this now, Colter hands over his ticket to be punched.
Colter's about to retort, about to accuse Guzman, when he stops.
The last stall door is SHUT.
Leave me alone.
WHAM! Colter PUNCHES Guzman with tremendous force, sending Guzman sprawling to the ground.
Colter's hand throbs from the force of the punch.
Where the hell's your phone?
Holy fuck!
You fooled me with the Middle Eastern guy.
Killing me each time is irrelevant?
How does he fit into this?
I didn't volunteer for this shit.
And how the hell can I be put on a train over and over again -- a train I never was really on?!
Shit.
He's the expendable one.
A KNOCK on the door.
Leave me alone.
Stop joking.
Maybe that's the only way you'll drop the bullshit and talk.
The more she speaks, the angrier she gets.
Fucking Nevada!
It's goddamn cold in here.
Cursing.
And remote operators are risk averse pussies who sit at control screens in the rear while actual pilots like me put their asses on the line in the field.
A fucking brick wall.
The freight car blows up from the fire.
Who the hell are you?
Bear with me.
She flips through it.
I'm a soldier.
A criminal.
You are, I think, deliciously mad.
A dead end.
I don't believe in that shit.
He's still mad at you, huh?
Shut the door.
As she shuts the door, Colter gets up on the sink.
She's stabbing at the door release button.
Now the fucking thing can't go off.
I swear to fucking Christ!
PAN OVER to the DOOR of the CONDUCTOR'S COMPARTMENT as it Breathless, Colter has just finished shutting the door and is about to use the cell phone when sees THE CONDUCTOR and a TRAIN OFFICIAL Looking over at him in surprise.
The train pulls to a stop.
Colter shuts his eyes.
Fuck.
As a soldier...
I was a soldier.
The barbarism of it.
The courts.
Nerves firing.
But let the bomb explode.
Darkness.
Open your fucking soda!
She's incredulous.
His words.
Leave me alone.
With no time to think, Colter slips back on board just as the doors slide shut.
The phone rang at my desk and some guy I don't know said the train you're on isn't safe and that you should get off at the next stop.
The hell with work, Christina!
You hate that job anyway.
The train doors shut.
Disturbed.
What the hell, man?
Stop acting, for Chrissakes.
Shut up! Tensing.
One more step, asshole.
Prisoner?
Blinking out of reverie, he goes over to a wall phone and punches an extension.
Shit.
It is morning again, seventeen minutes before the destruction.
A DIGITAL CLOCK ticks down from 17 minutes: 15:28...  15:27... 15:26...  What the hell is he doing?
The door stays LOCKED.
Unlike before, the doors stay shut for SEVERAL SECONDS LONGER than usual.
The doors, however, SLIDE SHUT in his face.
He locks another door behind him.
The noise from the outer door grows louder.
She shuts her phone.
Then at Goodwin with burning hatred.
Each flask is connected to a feed tube-- the cultures are administered to by a HALF DOZEN BIO TECH WORKERS.
An overhead projector displays the The fucking thing is supposed to produce 113 thousand tons annually.
I don't give a shit about the Japanese.
He gives Whitacre a cold, hard, we're--done-fucking-around- glare.
Fix the Goddamn plant, or we're gonna shut it down.
ANOTHER CUSTOMER gives a SUCKER to her TEETHING BRAT to pacify her.
Whitacre is fuming now-- his voice unnaturally high.
Cheviron is annoyed by Whitacre's histrionics.
A beat.
I lied.
Christ, what a waste of time.
It was a stupid move on my part.
Stupid, stupid move.
Shepard stops.
That's why they wanted me to lie.
He is outraged.
They said just the office line...  Cheviron has to eat shit here in front of Andreas.
Damn right.
I mean, I'm a biochemist-- But, they pulled me into the business side and they're doing things that are illegal.
Whitacre punches in his code...  They're like blue, orange and yellow. .
Whitacre punches a button.
Whitacre punches the buttons on his cell phone angrily.
Whitacre hangs up-- frustrated.
Where we're we? Whitacre reaches underneath his suit coat into his shirt pocket and pulls out his pen.
'Let's just blame it all on Whitacre.'
I heard from Mimoto last night-- he is pissed.
Say, "listen here you little mousy motherfucker."
It's so goddamn much ... He's got blotchy simple.
How the hell else skin...  What causes that would you do it?
A beat.
Tensing.
Fuck up her body.
It'd ruin her tits.
One of the ADM SUITS who flew in on the jet, slaps Andreas on the back.
They don't have the balls to mess with ADM.
Andreas crosses the room and, without looking inside at the recorder that is ruining his life, shuts the case.
Busted.
A beat.
There's a knock on the door.
Damn Mark, can't you call and get us a bigger room.
This is crazy.
Wilson looks at Whitacre like he's an idiot.
Mark, are you an idiot?
.What the fuck is that?
I can't believe they would pull this shit on Dwayne Andreas...
They hit everyone-- my Dad, Schmidt, Randall...  Fuck me.
They played me a tape-- of me-- some meeting with the fucking japs.
They played a fucking tape!
Shepard is furious, he glares at Whitacre.
Shepard explodes.
A beat.
Dowd gets up and pulls the curtains shut.
They threw me out, Brian.
Shit.
They had warned me that I would need an attorney and told me not to get one tied to ADM, but they didn't stress it...
A beat.
You have an attorney now.
A beat.
OH, SHIT.
Spearing gets angry-- They paid kickbacks in checks?
No one from the government has ever been aggressive toward Whitacre before-- he's thrown.
But the damn has burst.
She sobs.
You fucking God.
You fucking God.
Ginger and HER MOTHER come flying out of the house screaming.
A beat.
The 419 Fraud?
He looks like he's been through hell ... he's frantic.
They grabbed me.
Jesus Christ, for what, Mark?
Walker is in full rant.
Whitacre drives a COMBINE in a corn field behind a barbed wire fence-- he wears an orange jumpsuit and a white hat.
Darren steals it.
Three to two! Angry at himself, the goalie KICKS the ball away.
Steve takes it as a personal insult.
A sheet of PAPER is kicked up by one of the car tires.
A startling, violent layout.
The teacher, MR.
It smells.
He was pretending.
That said, there's a crack of thunder and an explosion seemingly at Mr. Tall's feet.
The bars of her CAGE stop her.
Crepsley shoves Steve down to the ground and immediately begins spitting onto the floor.
What's wrong?
That's a lie.
His Dad doesn't enjoy hearing his words thrown back at him.
A beat.
Darren sets the cage on a shelf, shuts the door.
A KNOCK at the kitchen door.
Hey, midget, where's the idiot?
They react to a KNOCK on the door.
She BITES!
Darren pulls it shut.
Our appetites don't make us evil.
He's dying.
You're crazy.
You're reckless enough to steal, responsible enough to come back for a friend.
Now, you're wasting my time.
He screams, falls down.
As Crepsley's about to speak...  Shut up.
They'll leave you alone.
He throws Steve off.
He slams him up against the mausoleum, holds him there.
You stole my dream.
You stole my destiny.
You told him I was evil.
He'll be trouble before it's over.
But it would take several hours of exposure.
When you're hungry enough.
Crepsley fighting three VAMPANEZE.
Crepsley drives his flat hand forward, his nails tearing into the vampaneze's throat.
Sinewy One pulls Crepsley's arm up behind his back.
Mr. Tiny grabs Darren by the wrist, pulls him toward the door.
Patrons SCREAM, react, scatter.
As Crepsley grabs a knife...  Darren struggles as Mr. Tiny pulls him along.
Cars STOPPED.
Abandoned.
Freaked out.
Back in his red hat and gloves.
The owner used to beat me and keep me in a glass cage.
A few moments later, the two of them are engaged in a mad TANGO.
Why? You'll get insulted.
To teach me to kill vampaneze.
You're such an idiot, Sam.
Several audience members lean in, then SCREAM as the wolfman CRASHES to the front of the cage.
I think you suck.
Darren, you're a liar.
As Darren struggles, Mr. Tiny switches his grip to the back of the boy's neck.
Listening as the scream fades off.
I'm half vampaneze instead of a stupid half vampire.
He gave me back the dream you stole.
Hurting.
I can smell it.
The vampire is here.
Violent, quick attacks.
As Sam struggles, Debbie pulls the rag from Darren's mouth.
Are you guys nuts?
But as quarters close in, Murlough's rage works to his advantage.
As his eyes drift shut...
Furious.
Shut up, Steve.
He attacks.
Dead.
One last look of hate.
They need to be stopped.
No. What if we say we're in the Axis of Fuck? we formed a Fuck Alliance.
We're neighbors 'on.. Fuck Street.
Marriage sucks my ' butt .
bad..
She's got angry bat eyes.
I'd fuck.a
ridethat shit.
A bird shits on the coffin.
What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck?'
So. (miming kicking a ball.),
Emma has a littlei cowboy hat on.
He was a son of a bitch.
Because you're crazy.
(a beat.)
punching keys on a blackberry.
You want me to punch you in the stomach so'you can-show me how ripped you' are but it's going to fucking.hurt
Adam is punching Alvin.
Alvin lies stretched out on. the floor.
You were throwing up for three of them.
Flip it?
But you have about-45 seconds to get your shit together.
And lying.
Don't forward me things.. Don't do that passive aggressive shit.
Oh Ihate that shit.
Stops the car.
I hate you.
You're a terrible person.
You're my renewable; source of dick.
What's wrong, with ,it?
nuts.
He lies.
That's so immature.
You're so immature.
Need you guys back out' there They immediately straighten up, he's the boss.
I.hate'him.
A fat woman looks, rea=lly offended.-.
She throws another one at him.'
You asked her to throw a "beer ati12 you.
Shit.
In a box.
Girls don't sleep with guys who use the verb "to bitch".
So do you always kiss ass? .(angry., confused.)
Why doesn't anyone take me serious ly? ' She runs -off upset.
Em a is really annoyed.
Give me my hat back.
-Let's get the fuck out of'here.
-But you are as crazy as-these.
It scares her.
The teenager isn't- looking at a:ll.-
I don't known don't do that shit.
Fuck.
I'm a'jerk.
Are you jealous?
What's wrong?
Nothing.. You're jealous.
What the fuck?
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Emma is knocking on Adam's door.
Slut'.
pumpkin, bitch.
An angry.
("you guys are assholes".)
What if-we get-sick of each other and you get angry because I work all the time ,and then.
a 'horrible.
Not gonna see ya.. Emma leaves, shuts the car door.
Shit.
They take the flowers, Adam gets back-in his car, slams his door shut, drives-off, as we hear "Your Body is a Wonderland" blasting from the date mix.
They're both wasted., Let's get out of here.
Let's hook up and not give a fuck about each other!
I think what we. have here is an important life lesson: When you hate, everyone and you don't give a shit, a lot of girls want to have sex with you.
I. won't be able to call you,, I'm getting sent to Guantanamo tomorrow- Same deal, Adam stops to throw up- as he throws.
I know you're probably mad at me,, but-- Thank you.
out her'arms.
- (a.beat.)
A make-up artist is putting bloody gore on Adam's head.
nuts?.
-phone- punches some-buttons, looking -fora number.
and you tell me what the hell's wrong with you and then I take you.
I'm just like you- I'm going to fuck it all up.
You're an asshole.
Her phone is ringing, she ignoresit, throws it into the car.
Fuck.
Fuck.
He puts his head on the door.
Adam steps inside, takes her-in his arms, she really starts to sob.
Oh crap.
Selvig watches the frustrated Jane with sympathy.
It was the rage of battle.
He SCREAMS, hurls the goblet to the ground.
My, we are hungry, aren't we?
Keep your mouth shut.
Who wields this hammer commands the lightning and the storm.
Now it's their turn to SCREAM.
Odin surveys the destruction.
Anger and frustration rising within him, Thor upends one of the massive tables.
It is forbidden!
Keep your weapons sheathed and your mouths closed.
Volstagg walks beside the frustrated Loki, needles him.
You "demand?"
He stole what was ours, and left our world in ruins.
The Asgardians reluctantly draw their weapons, gather into a circle around Thor. Volstagg looks around at the angry Jotuns approaching them.
Silly hammer!
Shut up! Thor takes out yet another Frost Giant, then all hell breaks loose as the Asgardians and Jotuns begin to battle.
Nearby, Sif expertly stabs one Jotun after another with her double-bladed staff.
Ugly and stupid.
As the battle rages around him, he opens a secret compartment at the end of his weapon, takes out a small FLASK.
He yells to his comrades.
You and I can stop this before there's further bloodshed.
Odin turns and gives Loki a look which stops him in his tracks.
The turret turns, the Bifrost energy building along with Odin's rage.
He was freaking me out.
How dare you attack the son of Odin!
He hurls one of them off, smashing against a wall.
What the hell is this guy on?
But banishment?
Jane starts the car, frustrated.
Jane puts the car in reverse and backs up, when -- She collides with Thor again, dressed in stolen hospital scrubs.
Am I cursed?
He can deny it no longer.
So I am no more than another stolen relic, locked up here until you might have use of me.
He yells to the driver.
So why did he lie?
He's delusional!
She is fully herself, fueled by outrage.
Annoyed, Selvig thinks.
Once I have Mjolnir, I will return what they stole from you.
Thor grabs the barrel, yanks it out of DeLancey's hands and thrusts the hilt back, smashing the Agent's jaw.
Sitwell punches an alarm.
Thor punches the closest Guard, sending him tumbling backwards, toppling the others on the ladder behind him.
Thor takes him out with a punch to the gut, then turns to see more AGENTS coming towards him.
Thor picks up the fallen Guard he punched, then throws him into the approaching Agents, scattering them.
Thor ROARS and barrels through them -- elbowing, punching -- whatever it takes to keep moving.
He strains with all his might, SCREAMS from the effort, bellowing up at the storm and lightning above him.
He's failed.
I wanted to show you how ridiculous his story was.
That's hurtful.
Then I, the bastard son, will have accomplished what Odin and Thor never could.
She's startled by the loud RAPPING on the door.
What's wrong?
To hell with treason, it's suicide.
They tense.
With that, Heimdall leaves them alone in the Observatory.
What the hell was that?
But before they can, Volstagg rises up behind them, smashes their heads together.
The fury of the Casket is unleashed, its winds not just howling, but SCREAMING, as ice and snow and darkness come flying straight towards Heimdall.
It unleashes BLASTS as it goes, blowing up cars, setting storefronts aflame.
The Destroyer rises again to its full height, pulling free from Sif's staff, the weapon slipping through the slats of its armor.
It convulses.
Odin lies in the Odinsleep, Frigga at his bedside.
I swear to you, mother, they will pay for what they've done today.
Why don't you tell her? How you sent the Destroyer to kill our friends?
You're a talented liar, brother.
Fight me.
The two battle -- Loki unleashing years of pent-up rage and jealousy, Thor having no choice but to defend himself.
Loki tries to fire off another blast at him, but Thor takes to the air, speeds towards his brother.
ELEVATOR DOORS OPEN ON Sara as she...  Pushes an ancient, flat-bed cart out of the elevator and down the hall, struggling to control its wobbly wheels.
A KNOCK ON THE DOOR.
They'll kick me out.
It's hard to be mad at him.
Did you try the punch?
Clenching her eyes shut.
Sara screams.
Oh shit.
It's too damn early for me.
Holy shit!
What an asshole.
The hell?
Rick's pissed.
Sara takes it back, annoyed.
And lets out a sharp little scream.
Hell, I wanna be me when I grow up.
Freak.
I think you're a little whore, and a bad influence on her.
A muffled scream from Tracy.
Shit, wrong aisle.
Both straining.
Rebecca's pissed.
But he slips into the room and closes the door behind him.
He lies on top of her.
She kills the call.
Screwed.
That's why I own a gun.
Ditch the roommate.
Sara stands, pissed.
THUD.
What's wrong?
And I think the asshole's married.
A beat.
Professor, stop!...  Rage and betrayal in Roberts' eyes.
You bitch tease!
I'm gonna quit the band.
Why? It's a waste of time-and we suck.
You guys do suck.
She looks herself over, makes a fist, and now...  Punches herself on the temple.
Rebecca pulls back on her bed, ruining the gauze job.
Leave it alone.
Sara's my roommate.
Rebecca slams the door behind them, startling Sara.
A beat.
Rebecca is annoyed.
I'd invite you to my place, but I have a roommate.
Irene sits up and turns off the alarm.. Shit.
Sara pulls off her sweaty top and throws it in the hamper, grabbing a towel.
Rebecca is oblivious to the rage building in Sara.
She's shaking with rage.
Sara steps up to her, inches away, ready to beat the shit out of her.
She throws the t-shirts at him.
Frustrated, she gets up.
She slams the door shut.
He hangs up.
Anger in her eyes.
Knocks lightly on the door.
"Jerk".
She slips off her dress, which falls to the floor.
Jason lies still, eyes clenched shut.
Sit down and shut up.
We're here because you betrayed me.
But it doesn't help her...  Lay still bitch.
Sara gets up quickly and slams the door shut and locks it.
Shit!
Her foot hits a flowerpot, which plummets ten stories...  and smashes to pieces in the alley.
Sara shuts her eyes.
Rebecca kicks the door open and steps in, gun in hand.
The gun fires wildly, one bullet...  Exploding through the window, shattering it and startling Sara, who loses her balance and slips off the ledge.
He keeps hold of her, and they hit the floor, the gun flying out of Rebecca's hand.
THUD! Irene screams.
She balls her fists, her knuckles white, and...  CHARGES at Sara full force, slamming her against the wall.
She is lying on the floor.
Wearing a leather red baron hat.
Limps from behind his desk and gives Will a shake and a slap on the back.
Annoyed.
There's a KNOCK on the adjoining door.
Struck a nerve.
Fred turns, annoyed.
Fred goes back to scanning, pissed.
Fuck.
Will cocks his head.
Not giving this asshole an inch.
Sarcastic.
One THWACK of a hammer and it bites into the wall.
Will squeezes his eyes shut.
Guns and Ammo.
That same prickle at the back of his neck.
He grabs on to the door jamb.
Will, too tired for this shit...  Then...the VOICE.
Will, about to seriously lose his shit.
Guilty.
Fucked.
Hot.
Stifling.
Angry.
He kicks it again.
Slams his door.
Jerks it up.
Angry.
Tiled floor.
Passes door "A."  Stops at the next one, "B."  Knocks.
Enraged, he PUNCHES the receiver through the wall.
The CLACKING stops.
Beat.
Cocks it.
THUMP!
Hate in his eyes.
Will, squeezes his eyes shut.
That motherfucker.
Stuff thrown down.
We grab it.
A... few...more... shoves.
Fucking irony.
The cuts.
The bruises.
Interrupts.
Accusatory.
Revulsion.
Followed by...  Will shuts his eyes.
More SCUFFLING.
Piles of crap everywhere.
Angry.
Will breaks.
Will hisses.
Sickened.
Holding his neck.
He stops the car.
Walter cocks his head.
More shit stacked up.
SHELLS.
Will steals out the screen door.
It rolls towards a crack in the floor.
Shit.
CRACK!
What the devil are you --?! Wait, wait!
He starts to crawl, slips again.
A BUTCHER quickly and expertly cuts the throat of a pig that has been hung upside down by its hind legs.
A DISHEVELLED MAN locked up in the stockade.
A break?
Cesaire sees that she's upset.
A beat.
Now I have both of them hating me.
There's a knock at the door.
Rosemaria lags behind, tired and grumpy.
Doors are shut and barricaded.
I was being childish.
A beat.
Then, without looking up, Lucie whispers: Shut up.
Lucie's body lies on the table.
We've left it alone.
A beat.
A beat.
She was so unhappy.
I hate the cold.
Grandmother puts a hand on her shoulder and then leaves her alone.
We don't need a Witchfinder General to rid of us this hell-hated beast.
Henri shoots him an angry look before moving on.
The Carpenter hears the SCREAM, too.
Who was that screaming?
It's a dead end.
But then they hear the SCREAMS again.
The SCREAMS bounce off the stone walls.
The SCREAMS are coming from inside.
You have a right to be angry with her.
When I returned home in the morning, I found my wife with a bloody rag tied around her left wrist.
It did kill your blacksmith.
You accuse us and call us fools.
Another BOY steals his cap and teases him.
Henri overreacts and punches Peter in the eye.
So you can hit me, too?
You hate Rosemaria.
I'm not going to let you ruin that over me.
What's wrong?
A WOMAN screams.
They've been lying in wait and now they have it surrounded.
Claude fights and screams, but the Carpenter carries him away.
The screams stop.
Roxanne screams.
A fire burning inside you, waiting to be released.
She recoils.
As soon as the door is shut, he takes her in his arms.
One blow will kill it.
The curse is hereditary?
A man can inherit the curse.
In order for a woman to be turned, she must inherit the curse.
A beat.
A beat.
Isabelle is working up her nerve.
An angry crowd has gathered.
What's wrong?
So it was common knowledge that the accused was a conjurer?
A beat.
Furious, Roxanne stands up and grabs Marguerite's coin purse.
Solomon glowers, frustrated.
A beat.
Solomon throws him to the floor and leaves.
Suzette screams.
Isabelle is thrown to the floor, the door SLAMMED behind her.
He's locked in a man-shaped cage, his body covered with hideous burns.
Isabelle is in the seat of the accused.
How are you acquainted with the accused?
And in this time, have you ever known the accused to converse with devils?
Let this be her punishment.
You killed Lucie.
You accuse me and I'll bring you down with me.
Unless you can, you'd best keep your mouth shut.
Fat drops of blood splash on the floor.
Another KNOCK.
On the floor inside, the pool of blood is expanding toward the door...
Cesaire shakes his cell door with impotent rage.
Henri is here, silently fuming.
Isabelle's SCREAMS can be heard from here.
A BLACK SHAPE is stealing through the shadows toward Isabelle...  Hold your fire... Isabelle frantically tries to free herself, her wrists torn and bleeding, but it's no use.
Isabelle screams.
In the loft: Kill him.
It comes to a sheep pen and smashes through it.
It picks up a fallen roof beam in its powerful jaws, clenches them, trembling with rage, and snaps the wooden beam in half like a twig.
Isabelle recoils in disbelief.
Isabelle knocks at the door.
Roxanne shuts the door.
Then shut up so they don't find her.
And not by a dozen soldiers, but by a solid wall of angry, determined men and women.
He pries it out of Solomon's severed hand and turns to face the Wolf, the angry Villagers gathered behind them.
The Reeve chases after it and the rest of the angry mob follows him.
Isabelle stops.
Isabelle screams and throws it, knocking over the pot and spilling the soup.
You killed Lucie?
You killed my sister?
He snarls.
I was made a cuckold by your mother.
I was so angry.
Then she sits on the floor, staring at his body...  and screams.
An eruption of rage, betrayal, and heartbreak.
She screams.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Peter takes out a rag and wipes the blood off for her.
They stop the in the middle of the river.
Muffled screams, gagged.
Vanishes in a little flare of angry red fire.
It slides shut again.
He kicks it in frustration.
Goddamn thing.
But turns out this was it, and now it's just a bunch of assholes thinking they're blowing your mind by floating quarters.
Seth backs towards the door, Joe stops him.
No loopers on fucking Wednesdays!
Joe and the loopers are kicked out by burly GAT MEN, followed by Kid Blue, pointing and yelling at them.
The loopers laugh their asses off.
Fuck you.
Fuckin Kid Blue.
Still punch-drunk, Joe listens.
Late to my own goddamn funeral.
You're the only friend I got Joe you gotta help me You fucking idiot coming here.
Seth, sucker punched.
A gun for fuck up turkeys.
What the hell is going on out there- The high door swings open fast, SMACKING Kid Blue hard on the side of the head.
His gun goes off, firing into the wall.
Ridiculous.
You looked goddamn ridiculous they said, the blunderbuss up to here on you.
Old Seth throws open the drivers side door and throws out the DRIVER.
The door SLAMS.
2. Joe in the field, he shoots a hog-tied man.
BANG.
BANG.
Holy shit.
The wood paneled floor above the safe door splinters upwards with gunshots, and a chunk of Joe's right ear explodes.
The TALL GAT MAN appears in the doorway, shooting blindly at Joe, chunks of wall and plaster exploding as Joe doesn't stop but JUMPS OUT THE WINDOW.
5 floors up, Joe leaps out, hits the fire escape, bullets shattering the window.
He flips him over.
Several FRENCH GANGSTERS in suits shake down the OWNER of the shop for money from the register.
Punched to the ground.
Flips him off.
Old Joe hits on his future Wife, she tells him to fuck off.
His Wife is dragged from the kitchen screaming.
The Gangsters carry Joe in, now hog tied.
Shit.
He dashes towards the apartment door, gun in hand, but stops when the window five stories above shatters with gunfire.
Stupid little shit.
Joe watches the boy, his eyes angry.
Kid Blue slumps in a chair, holding a rag to a wound on his head.
Stupid little shit.
I can't hear you Abe leans in next to his ear and shouts Well that's what happens when you fire a gat in a steel box you stupid little shit.
A window shatters inward, punched through by a wrapped fist.
He deflates.
His arm.
Sue.
Well bullshit we both know you're not going to kill me.
But that'll kill you, down the line.
You're not winning some pissing contest by looking me in the eye, you didn't know what I looked like until yesterday, it makes sense that it's easier for you.
Straws.
Time travel fucks everything, my brain and body try to catch up.
And a fucking child mentality, aMy life,a awhat's mine.a
My life is my own, I don't need it Shut your fucking child mouth.
She's going to clean you up and you're going to take her love like a sponge and you're both going to pretend that she's saved you, you're so self absorbed and stupid.
I can use it to find him, now, and stop him from killing my wife.
When you stole Seth's bike you stripped out the security tracker.
The diner door EXPLODES.
Pinned behind a booth, Old Joe returns fire, glass breaking and chaos.
Shit.
Joe's blunderbuss hacks another shot, and the window behind Old Joe explodes.
No fuck no fucking piece of shit CLICK CLICK.
So I don't care what hobo sob story you've got, I get a dozen a week and it cuts no cash with me.
It's me and my husband here, we're broke and angry at our lot in this world and heavily armed.
So take some corn and move on, but if you show your face again I will cut you the fuck in half.
He winces.
Abe stands fuming, flanked by two Gat Men.
You can fuck up again?
I got too much riding, Kid, I can't afford a fuck-up playing cowboy.
Shrieking.
Annoyed, the Gat Man throws the Kid hard to the concrete.
Staggers, his gun FIRES into the wall.
Crunch.
Sara's shout wakes him with a start.
You stop right there, you stop!
In trouble.
Hey you forgot your greasy goddamn hobo sign oh for godssakes.
The fuck- ehh.
Sara SLAPS HIM.
It's a quick punch but it's this bad a day in, without care you might not make it through the night.
SLAP! Hey.
SMACK!
Then, half annoyed I just finished cleaning - alright.
This is a Remington 870, one blast could cut you the fuck in half.
Let him- Cid squirms out of her grasp, bats her away with a light but angry slap.
Flood that fucker!
How'd she get killed?
Door slams.
She stops at the next door over, knocks.
I told you to stay away from I never did anything Do you think I'm stupid?
I hate you because you're lying!
I hate you!
Liar! You're lying to me! Sara scoots back.
You're lying!
The screams stop.
Jesus, fuckin Kid Blue what the Pull into that alley.
You get the fuck outta You don't wanna be seen with me Canady, pull in the alley.
Canady locks the car doors.
Course I'd never turn a friend for BANG and the drivers side window explodes outward bloody.
She goes to the front door, throws it open.
This goddamn thing.
Nanna said cuz he was nuts.
In the city, young guys would hit on me by floating fucking quarters, I wouldn't tell a em I was TK but I'd keep their quarters down.
You lied to me.
Suzie cooking in a robe, opens her mouth to scream.
It's yours, all of it Are you delusional?
Screaming.
What are you doing with those guns?
Joe fuck Joe, save your bullets I got the Looper.
Not such a fuck up huh?
Old Joe grabs (behind his back.)
He whips the gun from behind his back and shoots Big Craig in the face.
Throwing grenades.
It's horrible.
He tenses.
Stupid little shit!
Joe running, useless gun in hand.
Sobs.
His eyes full of hate.
Tony:	THE SHIT'S REALLY HITTING THE FAN.
Woman:	THE GUYS ON THE CREW ARE GETTING CRAZY.
TV Man 1:    YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT ABANDONING EVERY HUMAN Foster is flustered and frustrated.
Fran pulls herself away from the monitors as the argument rages on screen.
The foot traffic is solid.
Cameraman:   GIVENS WANT 'EM...  Fran:	KILL 'EM, DICK.
Givens:	 GARRET, WHO TOLD YOU TO KILL THE SUPERS?
I KILLED 'EM.
Fran:	ARE YOU WILLING TO MURDER PEOPLE BY SENDING THEM Givens:	 WITHOUT THOSE RESCUE STATIONS ON SCREEN EVERY Fran stares at the red faced man in disbelief.
Givens:	 LUCAS... LUCAS, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING... Lucas:	ANYBODY NEED A RIDE! personal effects and follow the technician toward the door.
People rush in and out, the floor director's voice can be heard over a talk back system...  Voices:	 WHAT THE HELL'S GOIN' ON IN THERE.
Givens:	 OFFICER... STOP THOSE MEN... a grip on his rifles, opens the door and lets the group through.
He is desperate now, shivering with anger and frustration.
The argument still rages between Foster and Berman.
Wooley:	 HOW THE HELL COME WE STICK THESE LOW LIFES Roger:	(to the boy.)
Wooley opens fire with his automatic weapon.
Another bullet smashes against the dead S.W.A.T. man's back.
It was Wooley's gun that killed him.
Wooley:	 COME ON YOU DUMB BASTARDS...
A woman appears at the door, screaming for him to stop.
The young officer is too dumb struck to respond so the third Officer pulls out his pistol.
It bites again.
The Trooper who is holding her, pulls her free across the floor.
The noise grows louder.
Roger:	THEY... ATTACK...EACH OTHER...  Black:	JUST THE FRESH CORPSES...BEFORE THEY REVIVE...  Roger:	WHY DID THESE PEOPLE KEEP THEM HERE?
The back of the bodies head has been blown out by the exit wound of a powerful bullet.
throws it into a khaki knapsack.
The Officer who is running with the carton shouts toward the Guard House.
Officer 2:   BULL SHIT... LET'S GET TO THE BOAT! back at the nervous young pilot.
Roger is trying to play dumb, assuming that the other Policemen are on official business...  Officer 3:   IT'D BE CRAZY TO START SHOOTIN' AT ONE He slings his rifle and tosses the other gun back to Fran.
Steve:	SHIT, MAN, DAMN NEAR EMPTY.
WHERE THE HELL CAN THEY GO? Peter:	WHERE WE GOIN?
Steve:	DAMN.
It makes a loud, flapping noise.
Now the door bangs violently with a loud crash, but it holds.
rifle.
Immediately, he sees the anger in Peter's eyes.
Fran screams through her choking...  Fran:	NO...MY GOD... DON'T... WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WE DON'T NEED THOSE Steve:	THEY'RE JUST OUT AFTER SCAVENGERS... LOOTERS... Peter:	OH, YOU GOT THE PAPERS FOR THIS LIMOUSINE?
Roger:	I HAVEN'T SEEN ANY OF THEM UP ON THE SECOND Peter:	THE BIG DEPARTMENT STORES USUALLY USE BOTH Roger:	IF WE CAN GET IN UP TOP...  takes off toward a series of other housings which jut up out of the otherwise flat surface.
Peter:	DAMN.
Peter throws the door open and ducks away flat against the wall.
Roger:	DOUBLE DAMN! LOOKS LIKE A FREE LUNCH, BUDDY.183
Peter:	THE ONLY PROBLEM AT THE AIRPORT WAS STRAY BULLETS!
They are both gated and shut.
Peter:	FAT CITY, BROTHER.
Peter:	YOU BASTARD!
At least six lie dead along the floor.
Roger:	WELL... WE'RE IN...NOW, HOW THE HELL WE GONNA			GET BACK?
Roger:	HEY MAN, WE CAN'T CARRY ALL THIS SHIT...  which we cannot yet see.
commotion below.
He throws the key ring down and grabs his gun.
Peter:	WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
Peter:	(setting his weapon on the floor.)
Roger moves to the third lock as Peter stands and grabs on to the handles of the barrow.
The gun fires again, this time grazing the Zombie's neck.
Rolling on the floor, he fires several shots into the creature, finally destroying it.
down the escalator.
The	shouting stops.
Fran:	SHIT...
WE CAN BREAK THROUGH.
Roger:	DAMN.
THAT'S THOSE OTHER LOCK NUMBERS WE Steve:	WHY THE HELL WOULD THEY BE LOCKED?
Peter:	THEY'RE LOCKED BECAUSE YOU CAN GET THROUGH			'EM EASY FROM OTHER PARTS OF THE BUILDING.
She kicks.
He dumps them on the floor.
Roger:	WHAT THE HELL TIME IS IT, ANYWAY?
Steve:	WE KNOCKED THE SHIT OUT OF 'EM AND THEY Peter:	THEY TOUCHED US GOOD, FLYBOY.
Fran:	(angry.)
Peter:	SHUT THAT THING OFF! Roger clicks off the radio.
the corpses on the floor.
He stares at the woman angry and hurt.
Roger shuts off the engine and grabs his gun as other Zombies begin clutching at the windows of the cab.
Roger grabs his knapsack and climbs into the new cab where he immediately goes to work on jumping the engine cables.
The Zombie at the driver door has smashed through the cab window with a brick.
Roger:	YOU BASTARDS... YOU BASTARDS...
Roger:	WE GOT 'EM, BUDDY... WE GOT 'EM DIDN'T WE! Roger is screaming.
Peter:	ALRIGHT, NOW YOU SON OF A BITCH! YOU Roger:	YEAH, YEAH... I'M O.K. LET'S GO.
man's imbalance from throwing the knapsack.
kicking.
Roger:	BULL SHIT.
Peter:	WE GOTTA DEAL WITH THAT LEG! Roger:	I'M DEALIN' WITH IT... I'M DEALIN' WITH IT FINE! Peter:	CAN YOU WALK ON IT NOW? Roger:	YOUR DAMN RIGHT, I CAN...DAMN RIGHT, I CAN!
frustrated that they cannot pass into the building.
GUNS AND AMMUNITION.
Steve falls immediately on the gate locks.
The doors shut and the car starts down.
Steve un-locks the middle lock.
Fran:	THE KEYS, STEPHEN... THE KEYS! Steve tries to stop the downward progress of the gate but it slams shut with a metallic crash.
They smash the windows with their hands.
The men shut them out easily, locking the door and planting alarms.
The gun roars and the head in the scope explodes with red.
revolving door is locked now.
Peter:	THEY'RE AFTER THE PLACE... THEY DON'T KNOW The noise at the entrance continues eerily.
Fran:	WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY?
He hears the violent screaming from above.
The angry staff protests vigorously, with emotional language...  Scientist:   THIS COLLECTION COULD BE...STORED... RATIONED...
The shouts of anger continue.
The loud roar of Peter's gun from the next room.
crossed off.
Fran:	I THINK WE SHOULD...  Peter:	JESUS CHRIST, SHUT UP AND LISTEN!
Voice:	HEY... YOU IN THE MALL...YOU JUST FUCKED UP Instantly Peter grabs his weapon and straps on his holster.
Clouds of dust and fumes rise into the air.
Steve:	HOLY SHIT! Peter:	THEY'LL GET IN.
Raider:	 SHIT... IT'S STILL TAPED UP...IT'S ALL READY The man sits at the wheel, revving the engine.
He levels his machine gun on the locks and rips open the mechanism.
He fires with his machine gun.
He screams wildly as they move onto him.
Peter:	WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU? Steve:	IN THE ELEVATOR!
He punches at the wall violently.
The doors slam against Steve and open again.
The Mark climbs from his wreck, tosses his helmet, pissed.
A Rider SLAMS a ball forward, spurs his horse onwards, bearing down on the ball... and SLAM!
He PULLS the Mark in as at the same time he cocks the rifle's hammer, slams the gun into position, barrel pointed up and BOOM!
Wipes it away, irritated, and starts the car.
300+ pounds.
Flip.
Flip.
Beat.
Throws and rugs.
Jesus Christ, Arthur, is that you? ... How are you, Harry?
I'm redecorating my fucking office and I wanted your advice on the god forsaken curtains is how I am.
Flat screens track the markets.
Overweight and doesn't give a shit.
That's a God damn subpoena from the Justice Department.
... I don't see how I can -- That's bullshit, Arthur.
My bad.
Deserted.
Beat.
Bishop SLAPS the STOP button.
What the hell... ?
And Bishop slips out the door, shutting it behind him.
Harry!
He CONVULSES.
Steve is expressionless.
One fronts cool at Bishop, fakes a punch at him.
Everybody can kill.
But that's instinct.
Beat.
Five...  six... RACKS it again, angry.
But they don't very much like the idea that they totally missed this one and it'd be just easier for everyone if I would shut the hell up.
What the hell do you know about it?
A nerve touched.
A beat.
Steve collects his papers, angry.
SLAP!
Beat.
Ruined.
The act of killing, is an end in itself.
HITTING Bishop who takes the punch, steps back...  Steve's still on him.
Bishop drops his guard, would be flattened if Steve didn't pull his punch, walks out.
An assortment of weapons lie on a table.
Steve tosses down the gun, frustrated.
Damn straight I did.
A tiny noise from the hall.
In his hands, a lock-pick set which he now pockets and pulls out the gun Bishop gave him.
The Owner HITS and HITS again.
A moment, then she shakes her head, angry with herself.
WHAM! WHAM! Steve takes brutal punches to the head and face.
Steve SCREAMS, surges up with the man...  smashing him THROUGH a small table, winding up on top of him, his hand around the owners throat...
-- Civilian casualties are very effective at hiding intent, but there's a line --- I don't give a damn about that!
Bishop starts to move and Steve is suddenly there, still angry, pointing the gun right in Bishop's face.
Fuck you!
Give me one good reason I don't blow you away right now! ONE GOD DAMN FAST, Bishop SLAPS the gun away, PINS Steve up against the wall.
He releases Steve who falls to the floor, sucking air.
Bishop punches on SPEAKER.
Beat.
He scans again...  finds The Mark in the adjoining room, on the phone and ANGRY.
Then she shuts the door.
I tell you one thing, killing her is not the first thing that jumps to mind...  what?
Beat.
Three SMALL EXPLOSIONS in the kitchen.
People SCREAM!
They move down five doors, push into...
Men are leaving posts on exterior patios, locking doors.
She opens her mouth to scream... WHUUMPH!
... we're fucked.
Doors BLOW OPEN, THREE GUARDS burst through, machine guns raised and SPITTING...  Steve hits the deck.
The man SCREAMS as his arm breaks.
Bishop SHOVES the last grenade down the front of the dead attacker's clothes, wheels him around, PRESSING him against the concrete brick wall...  ... TWO more Security kick open a door, guns fire!
But my baby has turned into an epic shit-storm and so when the man who caused said epic shit storm suddenly decides to do some soul-searching...  What are you doing, Bishop?
I am on some very fucking thin ice right now which means you are on some very fucking this ice as well.
Everyone...  is expendable.
Explosions! SOUND FILLS THE AIR! Bishop ducks, rolls, his hand moving under his jacket...  ... but not coming out with his gun.
Fighting what his guts are screaming at him.
Suddenly still...  Party rages on, oblivious to the absence of its recipient.
Dark and empty in here, party raging outside.
The room has been STRIPPED of everything that was in here last time.
Beat.
Miryem had always advocated for Turkish autonomy from Bartender hits a remote, annoyed.
Bishop weaves his way into an alley to piss.
Ex Con #2 pulls a gun, puts it to Bishop's head.
You wanna die right here, motherfucker?
P.O.V. THROUGH THE TELESCOPE: Dean shouts into the phone, slams it down.
Get the fuck off my property.
Steve punches it into a search window, waits a beat, then eyes scan over the list of returns, lock onto something.
He picks up the phone, punches a number.
A beat.
Bishop puts on a hat, some sunglasses, slaps a badge onto his jacket that reads "DC Municipal Utilities."
It's...  the shot.
Beat.
Keys, hats, jackets, sunglasses.
Bishop grabs a hat, tosses one to Steve.
Hats and sunglasses.
Perfect timing, the security REVERSING again as Bishop draws his gun and FIRES, over and over, clipping officers and security in the legs as he SPRINTS down the steps towards...  Bishop lands inside the limo, pulls the door shut as bullets "thunk" into armored sides and spider bullet-proof glass.
He locks Steve up, SLAMS him against the window, choking him.
And he's UP AND FIRING towards the SWAT.
And with that Steve is RUNNING towards the outside...  ... BEHIND STEVE, Bishop steps out, gun in each hand.
The WOMAN screams as Steve pushes her aside, takes the wheel.
Angry like we've never seen him.
Furious.
Shielded men throw the door open.
He stops, stares at the couple who owned the flat who now lie motionless.
Bishop swallows, angry.
TENSE.
WHAM! Bishop hits Steve with the fridge door, knocks the gun out of his hands, it skitters along the floor.
Why'd you kill those other people?
Player starts up, needle swings over...  Steve moves to his computer and punches in the password.
- .hating.
Ace cocks back the rifle hammer.
When the dead weight horse lands on Dicky's slightly twisted leg, we hear TWO DISTINCT CRACKING SOUNDS.:.. Dicky lets out a bitch like scream.
You goddamn son of a bitch, you killed Ace! Dr.SCHULTZ.
My damn legs busted!
It's PISSING RAIN outside.
You go to hell! Dr.SCHULTZ Don't be silly.
Hell yeah, they gonna frown.
What the hell you think you doin' boy, get that nigger outta here.
Once in hand, the dentist FIRES one tiny bullet into the belly of Bill Sharp.
You in the saloon!
They do that I'll kill 'em.
Django fumes.
POPS the TINY GUN into his hand, and he FIRES a tiny bullet smack dab into BIG JOHN'S MERCILESS HEART.
Dr.Schultz addresses the ANGRY MOB.
But I must warn you, the penalty for taking deadly force against a officer of the court in the performance of his duty is, you will be hung by the neck until you are dead.
The dead bodies of the Brittle Brothers lie by them in a pile.
Who made this goddamn shit?
Well make you own goddamn masks!
I can't see in this fucking thing!
I can't breathe in this fucking thing!
And I can't ride in this fucking thing!
O.B. removes his bag, and yells after Willard.
Fuck Willard!
That's a raid.
About fifteen of the men who can still ride, high tail it the fuck out of there.
Dr.SCHULTZ Well, I think while they take this opportunity to lick their wounds, we should take this opportunity to get the fuck out of Tennessee.
Yeah, when she was little her mistress taught her so she'd have somebody to talk German with.
He's still mad at her.
But I'thought you were mad at me for killin' Big John and Rodger?
mister I wanna kill white folks for money?
Now quit your pussyfootin and shoot him.
Doctor and Django, how the hell are ya, and who the hell ya got there?
Who the hell's The Wilson - Lowe Gang?
Schultz throwing FIVE COINS in the air ...  DJANGO DRAWS FAST shoots three coins, FIRES again hitting another, then falls to the ground to get the fifth.
You can tell ain't no white girl gonna fool with him.
If these fancy.fucking
You cheated me.
I called you a card cheatin' son of a bitch, cause that's what you are! Calvin calmly stands up from the table.
This stops Moguy, and he turns to warn Schultz.
He's playing the role of a fucker black slaver, he can't let that shit stand.
Then keep ya damn eyeballs off me! Flash that bad look at me again, I'll give ya reason not to like me! not without difficulty.
Candie gets annoyed at the barking dogs.
Find out what that goddamn commotion is up at the tracker shack!
These dumb, ignorant, sleazy sonsabitches ain't good fer nuttin, except kickin' a niggers ass can't kick back.
It's about the only thing these dumbass motherfuckers do know.
What the hell's goin on?
Now boy, why do a fool thing like run off?
- Mr.Stonesipher, shut these goddamn dogs up, I can't hear myself think!
Marsha, hush up! Marsha, Marsha, hush up! (to the other Take these goddamn dogs away from this nigger, he's just makin' em hungry.
Boy, you done made yourself as useless as a tail on a teddy bear.
Marsha and her bitches send D'Artagnan to nigger heaven.
The audience might of been expecting Candyland to be a hell on earth, Auschwitz, Andersonville, Yuma Prison, a Mexican prison in a Sergio Corbucci Spaghetti western ...  INSTEAD ... .
I'll yank your ass of that goddamn'nag, so goddamn fast - in the mud.
You two should hate each other.
Calvin, who the hell is this nigger you feel the need to entertain?
I don't gotta problem, unless you gotta problem with burin' the bed, the sheets, and the pillow cases once this black ass motherfuckers gone!
Dr.Schultz lifts his bowler hat, and nods in a grand manner.
What's wrong with them?
If they sicked those dogs on his angel, he's going to just kill all these motherfuckers right now.
Runnin' through them damn bushes.
Jesus Christ Stephen, what's the point of havin' a nigger speaks German if-you can't wheel 'em out when you have a German guest?
Schultz enters the room and shuts the door behind him.
Feel free to touch anything you want, cause we burnin' all this shit once you gone.
Stephen lying on the floor, bites his tongue.
He points at the adjoining door.
Hell, I can't imagine two weeks in Boston.
Who? Don't stall me bitch, you know who?
It was only your ridiculous offer of twelve thousand dollars that would make me consider it.
My hearin' ain't worth a damn these days.
Those motherfuckers ain't here to buy no mandingos.
- What the hell you talkin' about?
Now why that German gives a fuck about who that uppity son-of-a--bitch is in love with, I'm sure I don't know.
Those lyin' goddamn.time
I let a goddamn nigger and nigger lovin' huckster insinuate themselves at my dinner table, and play this whole goddamn plantation for a fool!
Calm-the-fuck-down, sit down, and let's discuss this.
A frustrated Calvin finally collapses in the chair.
.So let's go back in there and busts these motherfucker's chops.
So, with that in mind, in Greenville, Dr.Schultz, you yourself said, "For the Right Nigger you'd be willing to pay what some would consider a ridiculous amount."
Dr.SCHULTZ Insist what... ?
Ace takes the Bowie Knife and THROWS IT...  .
He THROWS the knife again...  .this
He THROWS the knife again...  Django JERKS his head back ... .and the knife LANDS in the floor, right where Django's head was.
What I think, is you done fucked up my good thang.
This shit fucking hurts, so you best believe he screams his fucking ass off, and twists in agony when he gets touched by the orange tip of that red hot poker.
Hells bells, the niggers we send to LeQuint Dickey got it worse then that."
ONE white trash PECKAWOOD named FLOYD to drive the wagon, a 2nd white trash PECKAWOOD named ROY to ride lead horse, and a white trash PECKAWOOD named JANO to bring up the rear riding horses ass, plus a pack horse that carries dynamite for the mine.
Throw it in the dirt.
And we want his ass punished.
So.unless you wanna ride back to the mine, and tell Mr.Dickey how and why you fucked up our nice little business relationship, take this nigger and hush up about it!
Fine, stick 'em in the goddamn cage.
What about all that -turning big rocks into little rocks- shit y'all was.
You put me in there with them big ass garboons they kill me on the way.
I don't give a damn.
He killed the fuckin Boss Man, we want the mine to grind him to gravel!
Who the fuck is Smitty Bacall?
The Court.
The Court?
Oh, and by the way, the court don't give a damn about how you kill 'em.
Look, get it straight black, I can fuckin read.
Do I sound-like a fuckin slave?
Django is damn convincing.
That black's damn convincing.
Roy removes the pistol from his belt, cocks back the hammer and points the barrel at the cage.
Django SHOOTS ONE OF THE SADDLE BAGS over.Jano's shoulder... KAHBOOM!!!!! Jano is BLOWN TO SMITHEREENS...
The KAHBOOM knocks Django on his ass...
He locks eyes with the three men in the cage..
From his high horse Django looks down at The Three Caged Men...  Using the rifle in a QUICK ONE HANDED MOVE he SHOOTS the lock on the cage door.
He looks at the three men, especially Rodney, then says; Throw up that dynamite.
But if Django's going to save Broomhilda, not to mention get revenge on all these Candyland motherfuckers, he has to take Stonesipher's ass out.
He HITS HIM AGAIN WITH THE HAMMER ON THE HEAD.
Only the dogs mad barking remains.
Marsha and her three friends-continue to BARK like mad.
Django takes the toadstools and Mr.Stonesipher's BUCK KNIFE and CHOPS the mushrooms into tiny pieces.
The Angry Dogs, are nevertheless', still dogs, and greedily scarf up the stew.
You bit your last nigger, bitch?
Bite on that.
Billy Crash is in bed fucking Broomhilda.
He stops fucking in frustration I can't.
Now I'm gonna go shit.
A soft "Knock Knock" on the door.
The front of The Big House knocking the.Candie Family Unit flat on their collective asses.
Enjoying their collective hatred.
BROWN cocks back the hammer of the peacemaker, and puts it in her hand, and points it towards the ground.
It EXPLODES.
He shields his head with a newspaper, piling their bags into the trunk, cursing.
Shuts the trunk, the taxi pulls away.
He turns, tracks the their taxi, already pulling out of the drive...  a stab of concern on Liz's face.
The driver pulls out into traffic.
Okay, dumb thing to say.
Grabs it, SMASHES the side window.
A beat.
Beat.
A beat.
Whatever you think you're doing, you need to stop it.
A scuffle.
Call the God damn Army! (to Liz, serious.)
Did he also steal your wife?
A beat.
This...  this is insane.
The DEPOT MANAGER, a bully with a face like boiled meat, rants at Martin in German.
The depot manager's rage reaches a Hitlerian climax...  .
He says illegal immigrants are destroying German society...  So.
I'm an illegal, driving a taxi without a permit, in an accident without insurance.
Linoleum floor.
Where the form asks for a complaint, Martin has written "Identity Theft."
As I explained to the last guar -- who went home by the way -- it's not about Credit Cards.
Whatever sick pleasure this gives you -- I'm tired of it.
You need to...  STOP.
The floor RUSHING UP...  WHAM!
Anger.
They exit after the doctor, Jones glancing back at Martin as the door swings shut behind them.
A beat.
BAM! Entrance doors SLAM OPEN.
weaving down the busy sidewalk, buffeting against annoyed shoppers.
Her involvement in this.
Don't be an idiot.
German text scrolls: "Wanted for Murder... " The Owner's hand moves, picks up the phone.
Come on...  Key in the lock, door opens.
Gina ducks back inside, pulls the window shut, glances towards the cracked door to her bedroom as she ducks into the bathroom, turns on the hot water...
Calls to an older UNIFORMED MAN, who picks up, punches a button.
Smith REACTS instantly, KICKS in the bathroom door, gun lined...  .
She struggles, SCREAMS IN RAGE, chokes on the gas.
Coupling smashes through the window.
Anger.
and she LOSES IT.
Beat.
Beat.
Liar...  Say it again.
You can't -- Jurgen flips his notebook shut.
A beat.
It's an idiot thing to say.
Frustrated, he's a little lost.
He stops, wheezing.
Bowling shoes, a shirt, a hand towel...  Taking a knife from the counter, Jurgen cuts around the bottom of the bag... lifts away a false floor.
A hell of a thing.
M.A. Harris'.
A beat.
Like I said, I'm an idiot.
His voice flat with menace.
Then a sudden stab of alarm...
Martin hustled into the back...  Van door shuts.
Beat.
Is stopped by its OWNER.
He YELLS after her, furious.
What the hell Rod! You're my oldest friend!
Gina, driving through traffic, searching, no sign of the van...  then her gaze LOCKING ACROSS THE RIVER, four stories up on a parking garage: The white van.
Kicks him AGAIN.
Disgusted.
A beat.
The floor of the bag neatly cut out.
SMASH CUT...
Liz shuts the laptop.
Harris'... ?
Beat.
Beat.
Strauss and his men flood out.
SMASHES it against the plaster.
The crazy man whose been stalking him, the crazy man who pretended to be Martin Harris...  No... Oh, and after you've shot him, point the gun at the Police.
The timer...  STOPS.
Holy shit that was close.
Shouting!
Fuck...  as the bomb DETONATES.
Liz walks through, brisk, angry.
She stops at a disposal chute, disposes of the sportsbag.
An expression of ANGER and ANNOYANCE cover Indiana's face.
There is a sudden SCREAM!
SHIVERING.
The policemen FIRE their guns.
The door STOPS.
Bottomley SCREAMS.
Indy and Bottomley are only INCHES away... when the door SLAMS SHUT!
They PUSH and KICK at the door.
It PASSES one of the coffins... then SHOOTS BACK! Indy is met with a BOTTOMLEY LIES INSIDE THE COFFIN!
The floor has DISAPPEARED FROM BENEATH HIM! Indy manages to GRAB HOLD of a stone coffin.
Indy is ANNOYED.
TEARING.
CLAWING.
BITING.
CLAWING.
A very ANGRY Indiana walks toward the Baron.
FURIOUS.
LYING on the floor.
Indy STEAMS.
Priestly gives him a MANLY SLAP to the back.
The students are still HARASSING him.
The Dean is UPSET.
A FUMING Dean Coventry impatiently waits to finish his threat.
His familiar GUN, HAT and WHIP lie on the bed, beside the suitcase.
He TAKES the noose from her neck and PLACES Betsy on the floor.
He places the familiar HAT on his head and begins to CLOSE the suitcase.
It is WOBBLING.
Betsy LIES here.
A TOUGH, ANGRY expression covers her face.
He is UNSHAVEN, wearing his traditional LEATHER JACKET and HAT.
She THROWS her arms around Indy. Indiana SHOOTS Clare an angry glance.
Indiana STEAMS.
He is FURIOUS.
Gutterbuhg carefully LOCKS the room door.
Pointing to Klaus' FEET, Gutterbuhg SHOUTS an order to Klaus.
The persistant Betsy is ANNOYING Indy.
The chimpanzee PULLS and GRABS at Betsy.
Indy SMACKS the fly!
FURIOUS.
She is SCREAMING!
Insulted, Betsy GOBBLES down her glass of wine and TURNS back to Indiana, who is still deeply CONCENTRATING on the scrolls.
DEAD.
The cage door CREAKS OPEN.
The Nazi wearing the radio HEADPHONES emits a LOUD SCREAM!
Indiana POINTS to Tyki, angrilly SHOUTING to the Nazis.
The finger begins to SHOOT! RAPID MACHINE GUN FIRE! Indy DIVES for cover.
An angry Gutterbuhg tries to SHOOT...
Exchanging PUNCHES.
PREVENTING their bodies from being sucked into the propellers.
FURIOUS.
A frustrated Gutterbuhg CAN'T SHOOT.
His mechanical-machine gun arm rendered USELESS by Dashiell's bullet.
Dashiell SCREAMS.
Helmut SMACKS into the pole!
Moving like LIGHTNING, Indy GRABS one of the Nazis and TOSSES HIM OVERBOARD.
With a SWIFT PUNCH to the stomach and jaw, Indy sends another Nazi INTO THE WATER.
FIGHTING.
FRUSTRATED.
He emits a SCREAM.
His eyes fill with RAGE.
VENGEANCE.
An ANNOYED Indy pushes Betsy away.
Behind Gutterbuhg, a GROUP OF NAZIS listen to the radio transmission of Scraggy's treacherous Crew Member, who discloses the LOCATION of the River Boat.
An angry Betsy TOSSES her tin can overboard.
FURIOUS with Indiana.
Betsy STOPS him.
An ANGRY Clare MARCHES into her room.
She SLAMS the door.
WE HEAR Clare LOCKING the door behind her, and moving a piece of furniture in front of the door.
ANGRY.
STOPPING on the DRIVER.
He SCREAMS.
The Pirates move CLOSER...  Suddenly, A LOUD SCREAM.
With a swift PUNCH and KICK, Betsy DEFEATS one Pirate.
Along her NECK.
ARMED.
Kezure STOPS.
A STANDOFF.
The TNT fuse nears the end... ready to BLOW AT ANY SECOND... Indiana removes the ANCIENT SCROLL from his pocket.
He MUMBLES to himself.
TROUBLED.
The TRAITOR.
Indiana is BOTHERED.
DISTURBED.
The angry warriors RUN TOWARD the taxi.
SNAPPING SHUT.
The traps SNAP SHUT ONLY A FEW FEET BEHIND THEM!
The METAL TRAPS continue to SHUT BEHIND THEM! Indiana removes his SWORD.
The traps CONTINUE TO SHUT BEHIND HIM.
INTO THE PIT.
A look of ANGER... HATE...covers the Chief's face.
Ready to KILL.
FURIOUS.
She RESISTS.
STRUGGLE.
Hundreds of the RAGING animals plow through the jungle.
The ANGRY Wildebeest continue ahead.
Indy interrupts by PUSHING SCRAGGY INTO THE OPEN GRAVE.
He SCREAMS.
DESERTED.
DESTROYING the village.
She is TROUBLED.
Gutterbuhg SCREAMS to the gunners.
The angry rhino FOLLOWS him.
Gutterbuhg SCREAMS in German, ordering the Nazi Gunner to "Fire".
Gutterbuhg SCREAMS in German, ordering the Nazi gunners to SHOOT.
A FURIOUS Gutterbuhg PICKS up the radio.
He SCREAMS into the microphone.
The machine guns begin to FIRE.
Toward the rows of FIRING MACHINE GUNS.
But the powerful Nazis push him CLOSER... CLOSER...to the machine guns.
Kezure KNOCKS the gun from the crew member's hand.
Kezure PUNCHES the crew member, who LOSES HIS BALANCE and FALLS from the tree.
Indiana and the other Nazi exchange PUNCHES.
Lying FLAT.
With TWO HARD PUNCHES, Indy FLOORS the Nazi.
Everyone SCREAMS!
INTERRUPTING.
He is ANGRY.
UPSET.
WOBBLES.
Only the tokens are DRIED INSECTS and LIZARDS.
The game Indiana is becoming extremely FRUSTRATED by the tank controls.
He moves it Gutterbuhg's NECK.
The tank COMES TO A SUDDEN STOP.
The ape TAKES Indy's WHIP and THROWS him to another Gorilla, who takes Indy's HAT.
The helpless Indy is THROWN to yet another Gorilla.
The angry ape RAISES Indy over his head.
The Gorilla prepares to THROW INDIANA OFF OF THE MOUNTAIN'S EDGE! Tyki's VOICE ERUPTS FROM OFF SCREEN.
They have DRESSED one of the apes in INDIANA'S HAT, LEATHER JACKET AND WHIP!
He moves to STEAL the can.
But the machine gun GOES OFF! FIRING!
Indiana pulls back his fist to PUNCH the Nazi.
Tyki is UPSET.
SCREAMING.
His mouth FILLED WITH FOOD, Gutterbuhg SCREAMS at Scraggy.
An angry, VENGEFUL look covers Indy's face.
Ready to give them the ORDER... to OPEN THE CAGE and SET THE BUFFALO FREE! Indy suddenly SCREAMS.
Scraggy SCREAMS to the people, motioning for them to FOLLOW Gutterbuhg.
He SLAPS Gutterbuhg.
But his matches are USELESS.
There is a LOUD EXPLOSION.
An angry pygmy THROWS his spear.
FIGHTING.
It FLIPS.
Waiting to FIGHT.
They STAB the Nazi driver.
They continue to STRUGGLE...  FIGHT...as the fuse BURNS in front of them.
The angry birds ATTACK THE NAZIS.
BITING.
The Nazis SCREAM.
The Nazis' screaming ECHOES behind them.
Several Nazis fall INTO THE WATER and are immediately ATTACKED by countless SHARKS.
As the battle RAGES around them, the Gorilla's tank makes a sudden U-TURN.
He SLIPS.
GROWLING.
INTO the middle of the hungry tigers.
Mephisto SCREAMS.
WOBBLING.
The Gorillas, still dressed as NAZIS, continue to DRIVE THE TANK The tank SPEEDS TOWARD THE ROWS OF CHARGING NAZI TROOPS.
HOWLING.
TROUBLED.
His wrinkled face twists into FURIOUS expression.
He SCREAMS.
SCORCHING.
They STEAL Indy's WHIP and REVOLVER.
Suddenly, Kezure emits a LOUD SCREAM.
He continues to SCREAM.
He GRUMBLES to himself.