(X) Brilliant, asshole.
Who the hell is this?
Why up here flying on petrol The son-of-a-bitch... the (replying to pilot) Goddamn son-of-a-bitch- I'll bet.
Each man PULLS TWO PINS - THROWS - Then they run for their jeep, carrying the body of their comrade- (X) Works for me.
FRANK SR. (cont'd) (yelling out the window) Don't honk at us you son of a bitch -- I'm teaching my kid to drive!
They describe The Skywayman as a thirty-year-old -- dark hair --six- feet -- same fucking guy! TEN FBI AGENTS have surrounded a 4 /STORY HOME IN LONG FRANK (V.O.) (cont'd) i121i12 i He told me to ck up the blood, so Frank is sitting across from JOHN GRANGER, 60's, the HOSPITAL Frank is sitting in front of DO GER and FIVE DOCTORS, Frank nervously paces i d,i12 he elevator, taking deep breaths as he tries to calm d The elevator doors open, a3W Pr slowly walks into the EMERGENCY WARD, where Nurses rushing toward a closed Joe is inside a phone booth, dropping dimes into the slot and holding the POSTCARD.
As I stated on the Pan Am has been unhappy for so t about the quality of their expe cks.
BRANDON pulls a quarter, He take hat off driver, give it to me.
Hell I need a new barber.
Put your ear to the door.
And you're He yelled so much, until I was five I thought my name was asshole.
He's offended.
Nicholas can't hide his disbelief.
Ben is insulted.
Beth and Nicholas are left alone.
during the B161 psychic rage bur s p st arkle , nignu fallen The blackness turns out to innards trombone--we are pulling ba ck be trem dslofta reveal A beautiful woman floats down a set of marble stairs.
Sidney is visibly thrown.
She immediately wiggles out of the trash can, stands it back up again.
Oh shit.
Clash!
As Forster fumes, the systems control technicians have an amused discussion of the Gremlin "rules" as explained by Billy.
REVISED - June 22, 1989 struggles helplessly, RE L MOHAWK at the controls, setting the Gizmo slides over the glas s ga 19i d again, WINCING as he's hit REVISED May 3. 1989 I've got a climate control malfunction, floors fifteen and What the hell's going on?
ust before impact, the FACE of a SCREAMING GREMLIN fills gr FRAME -- Two suburban LADIES wall, a bank of ELEVATOR DOORS from the REVISED May 10, 1989 where the argument is still going on, Sir, we have to make sure that none of these -- things get wet.
Tommy looks frustrated.
Max takes his, selects a clothespin, and knocks several others to the floor.
He throws the crumpled negatives in the closet and grabs his bag.
She storms out.
The doors glide shut and the 296	At the door of the Maintenance Office, the knob turns again.
Dicky lied he was 18.
Fuck you, Charlene, I'm 8 months sober.
He's lying, man!
Shut up and get your ass in here!
This petty shit you're pullin'.
Nice fucking dish.
Did you expel him?
What do you want!? Open up, bitch!
Fuck off.
He's on the phone, asshole!
You callin' me a blimp, you fuckin' Democrat?! Yes!
I'm gonna go power that shit and I'll see you later.
Goddamn, man!
They proceed to beat the shit out of Derek right in the middle of the court.
Shit, holmes.
(disgusted) (smiling) (softly) (going mad) (imitating) You gonna waste 'em?
Inside Aragon grabs Marke] Go!!! [More destruction.
There is more destruction and fire breaks out.
Morholt begins to kill the hostages, but Tristan springs to stop him.
Sammy is stabbed.
Tristan is stabbed by Morholts poisoned blade but manages to kill Morholt.
Has she said anything to you? [Tristan is tortured by Markes proclamation and burns his and Isoldes meeting place.
He is again stabbed by Wictred] [Tristan stabs Wictred and kills him.
You forgot your fucking plant, you fucking asshole!
And there's a lot of other shit in there you forgot.
Just wait there, I'm going to go fucking get it for you, all right?
(gathers herself) Her mother has lost her keys and is stranded on the street with the Satan's Disciples ... When she comes back, would you tell her to come home as quickly as she can? ... Thank you.
She's curious ... What the hell ... (calling out to Marian) Come on in.
What's wrong?
No, no, it's my fault.
I'm indisposed.
Conspicuous.
Trouble.
Carl, I swear, I never thought I'd see ol' Ben eat shit like that.
Oh, and Munger deals a pick off throw to Marion at second and Robinson is out!
Jack frozen a moment, head down, furious with himself.
He was pretending he was you.
Jones likes to punch that ball when he swings.
Throw him a strike.
[To I] Shut up, I'll deal with this.
Fucker's alive Yeah, you've got to kill it.
We can bake the potatoes in the oven and boil this bastard over the fire.
Withnail: Bitch hung up on me.
Monty: About how you came to Chelsea and you arrest in the totenham court road.
I enters] Withnail you bastard wake up.
Wake up you bastard before I burn this bastard bed down.
And how dare you tell him you rejected me?
[I takes the gun] Well let me tell you something Withnail, if he comes in my room again its murder and you'll be held resposible in law.
The Evil lives.
Now I beg of you, let us leave this foul place.
I know your damn words.
Damn this cold.
Nasty little thing's inside me.
Where the hell are ya!?
That Wiseman was so busy fillin' me fulla his secret words and phrases and, and, his... bullshit, he forgot to mention anything about that.
The words.
Now they owe me.
You foul thing!
Slay him!
Now I'll have my vengeance!
I locked the door.
Fuck him!
It's not do is kill each other!
Here, lie down.
(to James) So here you are at the nerve centre.
Vaughan, what the hell are you doing?
He must have fucked a lot of women in that huge car of his.
Ransacked.
The mood is now frantic -- people destroying things or shouting everywhere -- No... Hal -- yes -- INSIDE the building, IN -- Nobody is coming.
cause I was fucking him.
Leave her (angry) ARGO - Final 26.
(this means thank Argo fuck yourself.
Argo fuck yourself.
Maybe here we realize that Mendez is a very good liar.
I swear I won't look but I swear you won't care when you get out here... ... and the thing is, when you get to the middle... ... there aren't any more.
FUCK, get your hand out of there!
FUCK!
What the fuck?
How the fuck did you get your hand trapped by a fucking boulder?
Its crushed, it's fucking dying man!
When in a hole.... Fuck.
Shit! Shit!!! Sweet.
How the fuck did this get there?
See you later... (furious at himself) Fuck a nut, Aron.
So it's 70 hours since I left on my bike from Horseshoe Trailhead during which time I have consumed 3 liters of water and a couple mouthfuls of piss.
Shit missed it.
vengeance.
last bite of Did that make sense?
Lucy, your roommate still home with anorexia?
(whispering) Listen to the screams when I shut off the cold water.
(shrewdly) Is it her that's bothering you--or your gardener?
You hate me?
Shut up, and get me a hacksaw.
Are you still mad at me?
The game's not over till You've run out of things to throw, Selena.
But water is always Will they be angry with me for Yes, I see it.
What a fucking shot!
What a fucking shot - !
"Let the Freedom he stole from others be stolen from himself;" Dredd..! wrists manacled, head down.
Screw-up?
COCKS it.
Lawyers.
(X, First that Goddamn computer turned (X) on me.
Damn it, Dredd, Lemme down!
Too bad.
What's wrong?
Leave me alone.
(frustrated) Oh, why won't you let me help you?
I hit it.
Then I carry it on the cane and I throw it down to the incinerator, down to the garbage.
And whoever hit it stripped the shit out of it.
Cut them down.
What the hell were they doing in here?
(seething) Must have run into the guerrillas ...Fucking animals.
You give away our position again and I'll bleed you quiet and leave your fuckin' ass right here.
As always, bro... (whispering; angry) Just killed one of the * prisoners.
(shouting) Down!!! (to Hawkins) Hawk, Get Con.
If they're Central American, I'm a fuckin' Chinaman.
(closes eyes) Shit... You're hit.
(urgently) Shit.
Where the hell is his body?
(growing angry) Couple of sappers been trailing us all the way from the camp, Major.
(to phone; angry) Roger, Blazer One.
1030 hours...damn, bastards.
(angry; shocked) We're still too far in, they won't risk coming in for us.
Expendable assets, Dillon.
Shit load o' good a chopper'd do us in here anyway.
He was there... (remembering) ...Those fucking eyes... (abruptly; pushing) What, Sergeant?
(returning; angry) Those eyes...disappeared.
(shaken) Bullshit.
It uses the jungle... (derisively) Shit, you trying to tell me Blain and Hawkins were killed by a fucking lizard?
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Now let's get the hell out... What is God's name...? Mac! (to Billy) Get Ramirez on his feet!
Take the girl and get the hell out of here!
You get these people and get the hell out of here.
(whispered) Come on, you motherfucker!
Holy, fuck, what was that...?!!! Orbit right...check it out!
What the hell went on down there?
Go ahead, man.If you've got shit for brains.
Shut the fuck up! (to Cop) Go get me a Bud.
We didn't take no -- Give me the fucking money, assholes!
What the fuck are ya standing there for?
Better shit then you got, cop! Brown Downtown...
Shit!
What's the fucking score?
I dunno... (to himself) Why me, man? (to the Twins) Shut the fuck up! Did you see that? (shrug - in unison) It's 7-0: Oakland.
Where the fuck did that come from?
Where the fuck have you been?
She was only seventeen... Who the fuck could do this?!
I'm gonna kill those motherfuckers.
We got shit to go on.
(to LT) What's your fucking problem?!
OK asshole.
Are you fucking out of your mind?
I'm not gonna let that bastard take my money Take your money?
Fuck Strawberry.
And like many of the needy, they were rude.
Yeah, it's good I prepared, or I wouldn't have thought to -- (cuts in) How come all those guys who're looking to get 50 from the Church haven't come up with shit?
Your forgiveness will leave blood in its wake.
That Jesus Christ died for your sins?
(beat) I've fucked up bigtime.
Hate me! Please!
Help me! (confused) Hate me! Help me! Hate me!
I'd hate to ruin a white suit with your stupid blood.
Your best option is to keep out of sight, stop wearing black, and to hide that stupid case until this is all over.
Take it, stupid.
But you've got to kill everybody.
Find him!! (good shot) So you're the little mariachi that came to town, killed my men, and stole my girl...
Now get the hell off my property and take your hand with you!!! Nothing really.
To say nothing of the waste of time.
HILLYER (agreeing) To say nothing of the waste of time.
HILLYER (getting angry) Space is space!
What's wrong?
They detest each other.
But the Indians also hate the other Indians.
This sham?
Ridiculous.
I hate Africa.
(And on that-) What in hell is going on?
I am the Devil.
(translating) The Ghost and the Darkness have come... and we can do nothing... but if you anger them... they will stay in Tsavo... and life will become more unberable, that I know... (beat) Two lions are all that have come... they're only lions, that I know.
Quit yer bitching Stepek, just drop 'em and let's get outta here!
Screw you ... We took a hit ... Shit.
Let's get the hell outta here!
Dammit!
You guys quit talking business?
(to himself) Goddamn it, now what?
Shit!
(struggling) Okay you little bastards ... shit ... (screams) (struggling) Jesus H. Christ!
For in its glow lies the end of heaven - the beginning of hell.
(screaming) Take it !! (to driver) Doctor Anrak, six more mutants were sighted in Arizona this morning.
He's fucked.
What about I've gotta put this asshole back together.
Lincoln Sternn - you stand here accused of twelve counts of murder in the first degree ... fourteen counts of armed theft of Federation property ...twenty-two counts of piracy in high space ... eighteen counts of fraud ... thirty-seven counts of rape, and one moving violation.
Throw yerself on the mercy of the court.
Plead Shut up, Charlie.
I demand it!
I want you to steal the sacred Loc-Nar.
Now it's a dump.
KIRSTY (to herself) Daddy... Jesus... Oh. shit...
- none of this DEMONS crap.
What the hell are you asking me for?
Shit!
The knife exposes.
You've got to destroy it.
It's just that now I'm crazy too.
Your attitude sucks anyway.
Don't let pity stop you.
Nail me.
The box.
The Boxes.
The boxes!
Are you crazy?
You're the fucking expert.
It's just my time of the month to be a complete fucking idiot.
O.K.? Wait!
Is it terrible?
Kyle! No! I'll kill you, you... Oh, you can try it, you little bitch.
But he's in his own Hell, child And quite unreachable.
But it's true, He is his own Hell.
No day trips to Hell.
Daddy's died and gone to heaven, eh? Yes! Shit.
Shit See? He's here.
You're full of shit, Frank Cotton.
Coronary arrest.
Oh, Fuck.
Oh, shit.
You were wrong.
Leave her alone, you asshole!
Shit O goodness, I'm all out of sherry; how about some Red Ripple?
Shit O goodness, you won't be thirty for another year, and you're more beautiful than ever.
Out where the boogie stops and the woogie begins.
Well.... er... Shit O dear, Julian.
Jesus H.M.S. Christ!
Tension.
Debbie says that if women are to take charge again, they must do it in the feminine way; they mustn't resort to aggressive and violent masculine methods.
You've got fifteen minutes to move your lard asses off this ranch.
'Drugged' is a stupid word.
I'll fight the bastards.
But we can't destroy it with guns.
No, we will destroy the enemy in other ways.
Oh yes, dear too - TERRIBLE!
To HELL!
Mama STOP IT! Stop it I feel sick! (TOP OF HER LUNGS) Mumma!
Do you bear?
What...? Put that away, on the floor.
I have had that face in my head hating it.
(suspiciously) What are they?
You punished her wrongly, it was me, my fault.
She says, throw it overboard.
What a death!
(taking hold of LOOSELEAF and steering him to the front door) (opening the door) HAROLD shoves him out of the apartment and shuts the door.
He pantomimes a stop, kills the engine.
HAROLD shuts him up.
PAUL refuses.
(to HAROLD) (to PENELOPE, simply, decisively, unafraid) (before she can protest any more) He bellies and bullies PENELOPE and PAUL out the front door.
He slams the door, turns to WOODLY.
You Homo Sapiens and your guns.
What have you bastards done to me?
Storm.
I was jealous.
Donit you knock?
(louder) Excuse me.
When I said more... ...I didn't mean trash the fucking set.
You get stabbed.
Murder ?
Murder weapon ?
Wrong.
LARSEN (voice over from the loudspeaker) The victims are illegal immigrants exploited as prostitutes by a gang headed by one man.
ANDY (voice over) Don't yell at me! I'm trying to get the goddamn wardrobe near the fucking door!
Crazy !
This is ridiculous.
Whoops !... Shit.
I'm shutting down the radio, partner.
That fuck lives on bean curd and alfalfa sprouts -- he ain't gonna die of natural causes.
Enough bullshit.
(re: what he grabbed from the table) I got a shitload of 'em.
Now we know why he was always jacked up on coke! (whisper, full of menace) Let me tell you something, you piss- ant.
(hostile) What the hell's I.A. doing up at this hour?
Jesus Christ! (turns to Ford) The man is flat out on a stretcher and you still can't kill him!
The ignorant fuck who's broadcasting the news right now.
I'm house-sitting... (out of patience, frustrated and frightened) This place belongs to a doctor friend of my parents.
(furious) Listen, you sonofabitch -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
Get the hell out.
The bitch showed.
Fuck you, Jack! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
(angry, defending himself) What do we have to do, Holland drive a fucking stake through his heart?
Get off your asses -- (waves them to get out of here) Start earning your money!
That goddamn Storm is nuts enough to come after me -- He's nuts -- but not that nuts.
I'm up to here with caution!
Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying.
No. (softly) What the hell is going on?
I can tell from the tone of your voice, Dave, that you're upset.
Unless you immediately release the hibernation control and follow every order I give from this point on, I will immediately got to control central and carry out a complete disconnection.
You are destroying my mind... Don't you understand? ... I will become childish...
BOB (roars) Stop it or I'll throw the whole bunch of you out! BOB (points) That's where poor old Arnie Westrum pitched his last drunk.
JOE HALLER (voice) Okay...yes...Oh, fuck off!
If you don't shut your mouth, I'm going to shut it for you.
What the fuck is going on h- HERB (voice; laughing) We'll bury his shoes.
A bunch of men getting ready to pretend they're Clint Eastwood... Marty, didn't anybody ever tell you that the only monsters are in comic books and drive-in movies?
Damn straight!
Shut up, Porter.
Shut up, Porter.
That's right, Joe- the only deputy you got is that fat shitbag beside you, and neither one of you has done a damn thing about solving this case.
Ah, shut up, Andy.
Yes, but- HERB (still quiet) Upset, you say.
UNCLE AL (gleeful) This is gonna turn your wheelchair into a fucking F-14, Marty- Your mom's not around, is she?
Only in her case I guess it would be Queen Shit of Turd Mountain.
I'm dying.
Bastard Marty!
I mean- there are times when he makes me so mad I could kill him, but I still believe in him.
Oh, you bastard!
You should have left me alone, Marty.
You see, you meddling little shit!
I told you! Shut up, dear boy- no gloating allowed.
I told you! Shut up, Marty.
A little nerve tonic.
Shit, those things will fuck up your mind.
What the hell is this cat up to?
Going to work asshole.
(to walkie-talkie) What the hell you talking about?
(shouts) Play Ball! Play-fucking-ball! (to mike) Home Team!
It was a fuckin' accident.
Scam this.
I ain't got time to put up with your bullshit today.
Pissed cause he lost a shoe.
Does the Pope shit in the woods?
I hate smart ass kids.
Heat.
The damn thing follows orders.
You're dead.
Bang a few for me.
Hey, what the hell do you think you're doing?
I don't know where he is, and I don't really give a shit.
Swinging.
(angry) What the fuck's the matter with you?
(to phone) What the fuck are you talkin about?
(pause) I give a shit about their fuckin parade?
What the hell you doin' here?
Off, asshole.
Me, I think you're a fuckin' pain in the ass.
Wrong.
My old lady tol' me you was fucked up in the head.
You know I really wanted to be a good cop, but... shit.
Fuck you.
(to steno) Officer Cragie has already been sworn.
The deceased, Vega, lying on the floor.
Did you see that weapon in Vega's hand before Officer Cragie fired?
What the hell is goin on?
(shakes his head) He's a fucking one man army now.
I can't swallow this shit!
And you fuckin' heros are gonna sit on your goddamn asses!
I'm not going to fuckin' lie for you any more.
You little fuckin' bastard!
Did anyone ever tell you you're beautiful when you're angry?
Slipped in.
Trouble?
The town power lines are supposed to be real shitty.
He keeps on acting like such an asshole!
(yelling) Ned! Don't call him.
Drive careful and don't drownd your dumb self.
(continuing) What the fuck is going on here?
Sucker's locked.
This damn thing's dead, too.
Oh, shit.... Bill?! (continuing) The generator... 117 INSERT: Whistling tea kettle on the kitchen stove.
The storm.
It was my son they killed.
How'd we lose him?
It would be a fucked-up God to take down this plane.
Because of you, I gotta sit here and watch fuckin' "Stepmom."
What's your fuckin' problem?
This plane will explode on take-off!
I'll remove him.
Fuck you!
I'll remove myself!
The lock was stuck.
It's going to explode!
Fuck off, Horton.
Only trip you're gonna take is to the fuckin' hospital.
Okay, I'm not into all that X-Files bullshit... but it was a psychic connection.
You'll go nuts if you start with that shit.
And cheat it again.
Alex... Shut up!
I'm moving on, Carter, and if you're gonna waste your life beating the shit out of Alex everytime you see him, then you can just drop fucking dead!
She married this asshole, who my mom with my real dad would cross the street to avoid this guy.
(beat) If that was the design for my father... and my family... then fuck Death, FUCK IT!
They blame me for everything.
Aww, fuck... really?
Then why bother?
What's the fuckin' point?
Not with us in the fuckin' car!
Hey, c'mon, man... What's your fuckin' worry?
And I fuckin' HATED FRENCH CLASS!
fuckin' maniac!! That's what I'm doin'!
What the fuck --?! Radio back-up.
He was vampire?
In the case of vampires, you're dealing with taboo issues like predatory rage and sexual sadism.
And vampires?
And you're sick as fuck.
(beat) Now.
Don't die on me, you undead motherfucker!
Call me that again and I'll give you fucking brain damage.
(apoplectic) Are you insane?! We're practically home free!
We can't go hunting for your fucking butter-knife now!
(beat) And he was pissed.
Vampire DNA is a hodge-podge of different genes, mixed in with all sorts of useless junk DNA.
What's behind Door Number One? They'll kill me -- (an evil grin) So will I.
What the fuck?! WHAT THE FUCK?!? His name's Beau.
You made a goddamn vampire dog?! Yeah.
How about you take a sugar-frosted fuck off the end of my dick?
When you join our club, you get this nifty little tracking node surgically implanted in your body -- Bullshit.
No, it's not, you horse-humping bitch -- (wincing as he breathes) -- but it will be a few seconds from now.
(under his breath) Fuck.
King, what the hell are you doing here?
I'm not, but do you have to point out how stupid everyone is.
So, when he was a prisoner, they would tell them they had put poison in their food and they would make themselves throw up... and when he got back, he did better, but he still has food issues.
Its bad for you.
(grumbly) Hello?
(mouth full) Fuck off.
I played dumb, so as not to disappoint her.
(ALFREDO explodes, flies off the handle.
These strips here are yours, I give them to you.
Two I'll keep them for you, because you can't take them home for God forbid and save our souls, if they catch fire, all hell will break loose!
And now scram!
The strips are mine!
You can fool your mother but not me!
Get yourself a damn diploma and become a policeman.
Shouting.
Tell me how to solve this fucking problem!
Silence back there!! Bastard!! Pencil-pusher!! Pay attention.
Be quiet out there!! What the hell!
And if we don't the owner of that movie house gets pissed off.
Spencer Tracy said it in Fury.
Shut the window!! Shut the window!
Who tells you this crap...Take it easy...That's right...You see, it's not painful, is it?
Fuck me!
When will this shitty summer be over?
Christ, what a piece of crap!!
So it's better to shut up.
Politics.
We risk being pathetic and ridiculous.
(In a daze) Alfredo, damn him!
Filled with an intense rage.
Off Karen's NERVE-SHATTERING SCREAM, we... MATTHEW and his wife JENNIFER are in bed.
We slowly CRANE UP to the SECOND FLOOR HALL, moving towards the REAR ROOM at the end.
He pulls the door shut.
The kitchen is a mess, clothes lie everywhere.
How the fuck did this happen ... ?! It was outside.
Five times a fucking day.
Fuck you.
(to herself) Jesus Christ ... Ah, give her a break.
You shit.
I'm JP Monroe, you stupid little bitch.
Now get the fuck out of my life.
With your shitty little Kingdom out there and all this ugly shi .... Jesus Christ!
And that's all ... No! No. It's not the same ... I ... No. What you did ... it was ... evil.
I'm touched ... That is the gun you used to kill your parents?
Fuck you!
That's terrible.
What a bitch.
Freaked her out.
Expecting obedience) You, fuckoff.
I have the distinct impression I told you to fuckoff.
You'll burn in Hell for this!
You have friends in Hell waiting to greet you.
- shows his arm entering the shattered window and also shows (furious rage) Aahhhh!!! Joey!
You stupid interfering foo ... AAAAAH!
Fuck it.
Wanna light, you bitch?! Wait!
Matter of fact I talked to the bastards, told em you were back and they asked me to politely remind you that kick off's in twenty minutes.
(as Ray runs off he throws the ball into Ray's back).
His parents hadn't left him the mill more than 2 minutes before he shut it down.
Hey this is a clean game asshole.
Oh come on you need to be out arresting whoever tried to kill my brother not testing his BLOOD.
Look Chris I hate seein ya like this.
You don't know what kind of assholes they have to put up with on a daily basis.
It was crazy.
You been sheriff 2 minutes and I'm already startin to hate you.
(fuming) Yeah, well, the big moron shouldn't have lost an eye.
They're trained, they're killing machines.
Then who do they fight?
Other soldiers!
It's a dump.
We're gonna set up a monitor on a garbage dump!
God damn!
Soldiers!
Kill kill!
(dampened) They stopped shooting!
(to Rubrick) Rube, punch up the port power cluster and -- (interrupting urgently) What was that?
You're damaged.
What the hell happened?
Why didn't you tell me!? Stupid!
What kind of a fucking stupid question is that?
Now fuck off, please?
You piece of shit . . .
Shit.
This is ridiculous.
(shocked) What the fuck business is it . . .
This is fucking absurd.
Shut the fuck . .
Jesus fucking Christ.
You turn into me and I'll kill you - hear? Go fuckin' my brah's enemy, ho.
For you he's dead.
Why you fuckin' grass me up.
Where the fuck . .
Only way you're gonna stop me turning into you is by killing me, brah.
The state has lied to you, Mrs Pentane, and whatever the consequences, I feel it my duty to put the record straight.
(frustrated) If we're kindly ready, Mister Tyne.
(get the fuck out) If you'd kindly hurry.
What the fuck do you think. . .
GET THE FUCK OUT! What do you want from me?
This is what you fucking want?
Fuck. .
.(sobbing)
Motherfucker . . .
What? (incredulous) WHAT?
Leave me alone.
Wrong.
What you think I fuckin' want?
Oh for fuck's sake.
(laughs) Fuckin' what?
The shit (her belongings) can wait.
Get the fuck out of my house.
An' me been so fuckin' la-de- dah with ya, and now this.
Do what Caleb says, bitch, an' do it NOW . . .
Sit the fuck . . .
No -- NO!!! Enough ... (one CHOP) ... of this ... (two CHOPS) ... Michael Myers ... (timber) ... shit! (continuing) You stinkin' kids got three seconds to get the hell off my property!
Who the hell told you to come live here in the first place?
What the fuck -- Let's go, Danny.
While you're at it, why don't you just give her all our goddamn money?! Stay away from her, you bastard.
John! Stop it!
Kill him, Danny ... Kill him ...
What the hell happened this time?
Shit, Beth, why do we have to be the ones to organnize this friggin' fair?
It's the source of his memories -- his rage.
Take the kids upstairs, lock the door and wait for me.
Damn kid ... this is my house ... (continuing) What the fuck ... (yelling inside) ... Debra, open this goddamn door before I break it down!
You can all come out now ... What is this shit?
Kara, what the hell is going on?
Remove those!
Frick!
Before Della can stop herself, the words are out.
What the hell are you playing at? Trust the nigga, we not playin'.
Hell, yeah.
It's called "shut up bitch and eat a dick".
Scene 45Page 29 And when yo done eating we gonna staple that bitch mouth closed.
If you hadn't parked like an asshole, we wouldn't be arguing about it right now.
Whoah Lady! Keep right on talking that gang a shit, chinga.
Go to hell!
We already in hell.
Tough shit!
Fuck! Scene 45Page 32 Sleep in heavenly peace.
And shut the fuck up about the stupid ocean.
Yeah, like how to quit mouthing if you wanna avoid drama.
What a shitty photo!
So what's in the box?
What the fuck, niggaz?
I'm gonna cross that bitch out.
97 97 Scene 97Page 56 Scene 97Page 57 98 98 99 99 Scene 99Page 58 (muttering to herself) Shit! Oh Shit! 100 100 101 101 Scene 101Page 59 Tomas stops and watches Vinh.
It was too exposed.
We gonna put yo ass on ice, bitch!
THUD.
Shit, lady, you took my whole crew out with nothing but a bunch of them tools.
They both look like they've been to hell.
Hell of a night, huh?
Shit happens.
Then what's wrong?
It scares me.
The engines have shut down.
Holy shit.
Savage.
Hell yes! We've made it this far.
Let's put it on the floor.
I'd think you'd had enough of that damn Ark.
Vampires -- I fucking hate vampires.
Fuck me!
Son of a bitch.
Like a fucking heifer took a dump in my mouth.
Where the hell's my lathe?
Fuck yeah.
(cutting him off) And you'll burn the damn thing out before your next fucking oil change.
Where'd you dig up this shit-bird anyway?
My problem, shitbird, is that I tried to blow my fucking head off and wound up sucking blood clots for the last year and a half!
(smiling knowingly) It has been said, you may have enemies whom you hate, but not enemies whom you despise.
I'm a lawyer.
The Devil.
(lighting a cigarette) These guys are shitting bricks cause they're no longer on the top of the food chain.
What the hell are you doing, Blade?
You need a fucking manual?
You so much as look at me crosswise and I swear you'll be macking your girlfriend's pie with a fucking neck stump!
It's already changing him -- Jesus, can't you get him to shut the fuck up!? (gravely) His blood cells aren't producing oxygen anymore.
Listen, hillbilly, you are a cunt-hair away from cowboy heaven.
What the hell?
So why is he dying?
You gotta be fucking joking.
This is fucking foul!
Fuck that!
(startled) Shit! Must be hundreds of these skeletons here.
What the fuck you doing?
We got the whole fucking Partridge family here.
(holstering his MACH) Then get your fucking team in gear.
(to Scud) Your security's for shit, kid.
You're wasting your time, Blade.
You little shit.
Fucking Willie Nelson look-a-like?
All you cared about was digging up the old fuck!
Dude, I practically gave 'em the fucking keys.
Son of a bitch!
(peering up together) JANET (Taking his arm) I've one thing to say And that's, Brad I'm mad, For you too.
JANET (Caresses his cheek) I'm mad..... Oh Janet For you.
BRAD (Circling Janet) Dammit, Janet.
Oh Brad, I'm mad.
Here, lie down.
A mental mind fuck Can be nice.
I won't think you're insane.
He locked himself in his room and refused to talk except through a crack in the door.
You want to fuck her? Stop it.
You behave as though you want to fuck her.
Sartorius wants to destroy it.
Don't let the cowardly demeanor fool you: He is ruthless.
What's wrong.
Meaning Man can do whatever the fuck it wants?
(to Sartorius) You're the coward.
What's wrong?
What about the first one, the one you fucked and then put into a rocket and blasted into space?
No. You're lying.
(beat) It's created a situation without a goal, and I hate that.
Why did I return to Earth and lie about what happened?
"Though they go mad they shall be sane.
(aside) Drew, where the hell are your manners.
Damn dog stuck his nose in on my rabbits and they ganged up on him.
I swear that dog's an idiot.
You mad, Geoff?
Fuckin' ass-hole.
I've never seen anybody punch Clyde before.
(shrugs) He pissed me off.
Damn it, Drew.
(disappointed) Yeah...
Fuck off.
Uh... in his room... God damn it, Amanda!
It's fuckin' Gus!
Oh man, he's gonna kick my ass... Thanks for fucking up our Halloween, dumbshit!
You little shit!
Oh man, Geoff... we killed him... we killed him... (beat) What're we gonna do?
Where the hell were you boys?
I'm makin' a mess of your mother's kitchen floor... (beat) I need a shower... Gus, hon.
They tell me I sent them the blood of a dead animal... ...a dog... (glaring) Why are you bothering me about this?
You get in your car, you pick up your family... and you get the hell out of that town.
I mean, shit, Gus...
(crazed) You have the right to remain silent... (continuing) ...while I bash your fucking head in!
(beat) God help you... (screaming) Wait! Don't hang up! Shit!
God damn it Gus, you dug up my wife!
Holy shit!
God I hate when that happens...
You're not Renee... Renee's dead... (screaming) Geoff!
How was your trip?
Please try your call again later... Shit!
Costa Rica says it's a no-fly zone, it's their own damn fault.
You hate to swim.
I had no right to... (frustrated) Its not about him.
God damn you, Billy.
Call me an idiot.
An asshole.
I think I'll stay right here in hell.
Meurice... ...I don't want that asshole near my money.
We get a lot of assholes in here, Marty.
'Cause for the next five weeks you cannot wipe your own goddamn ass..." ...That's the test, ain't it?
Hell, you been thinking about it so much it's driving you simple.
Who looks stupid now.
You're bad.
We're both bad.
I cleaned it all up, but that ain't important... ...What's important is what we do now; I mean we can't go around half- cocked.
Ray-- Abby, never point a gun at anyone unless you're gonna shoot him.
...That's the only thing they told us in the service that was worth a goddamn--Where the hell's my windbreaker?
What the hell happened, Ray?
(barking) Listen asshole, you know who this is.
I just got back from Corpus and there's a lot of money missing from the safe... ...I'm not saying you took it but the place was your responsibility and I told you to keep an eye on your asshole friend.
Meurice, where the hell have you been?
Trouble with you is, you're too fucking obvious; the only ones with the combination are me and you... ...and Abby.
Personally I don't give a shit.
...Ray stole a shitload of money from Marty.
Sort of... That's total bullshit.
...I don't know what the hell you two thought you were gonna pull.
Who can tell me what came from these bad experiments?
Immediately a reporter accosts them.
Next he'll be wanting an fucking medal.
(off) Please... (off) I said shut up! Fuck!
There is a bond.
Cut to A door slamming behind Silus, he is in a strangely, eerily lit cubicle.
He immediately turns to the door, his eyes burrowing straight into Silus.
Through the detritus, towards a door.
The camera immediately drops, through the floor of Lilly's apartment to the apartment below to find... ...Edgar, standing in the apartment below, immediately freezing.
Silus immediately drops out of the window.
And she's off, smashing the apartment door in front of her with her foot and moving into the apartment, towards the window beyond.
You're dead after this.
Cut to Silus' POV falling down down, falling towards a window then smashing through it.
Silus exploding onto the floor of the apartment.
Yeah Jerry why don't you think about the fat ass turtles... Like your fat ass son on the field jeopardizing the rest of our chances at a fucking championship.
Throw it in the trashcan near the door and wait for me outside.
I lied.
DAVID(whisper) Jeremy what the hell are you doing?
I'm your father and I'm telling you to put that gun down right now God damn it!
(bracing) Fuck you, asshole.
You're wasting your time, kiddo.
Oh, shit.
I hate the beige one.
I hate the weird ones.
(awed whisper) Oh my God... (shouting) What the fuck is going on?
Are you shot?
Until you are dead.
(recorded) Why were the other two women killed?
But what about him punching through the windshield?
He has your-- (winces) ...damn...he has your eyes.
(upset, mocking his manner) Listen.
Fuck you!
Fuck you, asshole.
(shouting) Run! (over his shoulder) Run, damn it!
This is the middle of the house, the entry floor, living room's over there.
Top floor.
(low, to Meg) Stop calling it the property, you sound ridiculous.
Fuck! Keep your voice down.
Asshole.
A guy shows you a gun, Burnham, and you insult him?
Hey, who's the idiot?
(to Raoul) The fuck did you bring a gun for?
I'm an idiot's son.
An idiot's grandson.
I'm third- generation idiot.
Are you actually telling me that for the first time in your life you're gonna throw your cards on the table and go home early?
What?! No. you gotta... Damn it!
She lied.
What the fuck is funny about this?
I spend ten years building those fucking rooms to keep people out, now I gotta figure out how to get in.
You fuck.
So what the fuck are we supposed to do?! Make her come out.
Are you freaking out?
What the hell are they doing?
Get on the floor!
Junior, you gigantic idiot, how are we supposed to get into the room if they pass out?
Strip 'em, expose the ends, try blue first, blue is phones!
God damn it!
Damn it!
Fuck this, I'll make an anonymous phone call on Monday, they'll find the floor safe, and I'll inherit the shit.
The fuck did you do that for?! Fuckin' asshole, thinks he knows me.
What the h -- Stop it!
Huh?! Who's the fucking clown now?! Me.
The hell does she want?
What the fuck?
You can wait a half hour, can't you?
You're wasting your fucking time, man, you're wasting my time.
Then shut up and get out of my way.
Woulda been a hell of a dad.
Holy shit... holy shit... She's fuckin' crazy, she killed the kid!
Get the fuck away from me.
What the hell do you think you're doing, young lady?!
Hey man, it's the neighbor's house, who breaks in through the neighbor's house?! We've got the Kid! (shouting at the wall) WE'VE GOT YOUR KID!! What the fuck is she thinking?! She's got your gun, that's what she's thinking!
The FUCK you had to bring a gun for?! Almost there... Put your hands up.
(both aghast and furious) Hey, what's going on?
The priest was an idiot.
It's ridiculous!
I take my hat off to you.
I hate rice pudding.
I was seventeen, I was angry, I was stupid.
You will not believe the shit we found down here-- --repeat, that was not us!
MARCUS (cont'd) I thought I was in hell.
MARCUS (cont'd) Cop chased him right into our front yard, pulled him outta the car... and started whaling on him, kicking the shit out of him.
You smell that?
Sit tight and fuck.
Eat shit and die, Barnes!
BARNES (cont'd) OK, if you keep walking straight you're gonna get blown all to hell... turn to your left and take, oh... five steps.
You goddamn idiot!
Son of a bitch is heavy.
Get me the hell down from here!
I told you to shut up! Leave him alone!
Why are you even speaking to it?! She's right, let's just waste the damn thing-- It'll kill us all if we give it a I'm a man!
Please, I'm-- Shut up, robot!
Where in hell'd you get these?
Damn it, we're too late-- Where's that go?
You've been angry all your life.
Delusional.
This reminds me of the Tempest where the rightful Duke is robbed of his kingdom by his evil brother... Were you born in this country?
Excuse me! Calm down.
And who the hell is this?
Are you trying to tell your mother that you're knocked up?
What you're telling me about my cousin Allen is upsetting.
Damn right!
I got ostentatious and solemn and I hated myself, and behaved the same way.
What's with the gun?
Watch out for the floor up there, it's weak.
I'm kicking the bastard in the ribs banging his ass, knocking his head against the curb, harder and harder, I fucking lost it.
Damn.
I don't give a shit.
I'll fucking kill you!
That bullshit core for majors.
You want to fuck her, don't you?
Why don't you want to fuck her?
So you do want to fuck her.
You think about fucking her in the mouth, don't you?
Give the fucking genius a Mars bar.
Damn dork.
A damn Ming Mecca chip.
Damn religious freaks.
You need to stop.
Who the hell sent you!? Wha...I'm sorry... Who are you?! I'm...a...student I've got an assignment for class.
Leave me alone, damn it.
Leave me alone.
Leave me alone.
You selfish, irresponsible cretins.
I don't give a shit about you.
I only care about what's in your fucking head.
Destroy the competition.
You stupid bastards!
Yo, Bitch.
Chloe's driving wasted, with Rebecca and Marc in the car.
He shuts the door.
He freaks out.
There's a knock on the door.
Hells yeah, text me where...is she still dating Hayden Christensen?
CLOSE UP: on Marc, feeling like a piece of shit, as the car drives away with him.
What's going on?! Why are they taking her?! Sirens scream as they pull away.
Ricky looks pissed, being led out of his condo in a kimono robe and socks, way too early in the day for him.
Police officers follow with a jackpot of illegal substances, zip- locs of large amounts of mushrooms and guns.
What the fuck, man... Chloe and her parents are at the breakfast table.
Marc looks in shock and keeps his head low, and Rebecca looks pissed as they are led out.
(flatly) He was killed Killed?
What the hell took you so long?
SECOND MAN (impatiently) Why? It's our only chance--kill him and get away in the crowd heading for the evening slaughter -- Right at the station itself?
Persons with business are warned to be careful.
Can you beat it....I've got the damn wrong bag.
Damn right!
It's my Job - protein, plankton, grass from the sea Tell us how to get out...or I1ll destroy you..I'll kill you!
I hate it!
Scorched.
Careless.
Open up, dammit!
That'll put the fire out.
A fraud.
A fake.
You too? (returning her look) Damn right.
I've never taken part in your cursed lottery, and I'll have nothing to do with it now.
Galen, stop!
I won't let you kill yourself.
Don't you think I remember how nobody gave a shit about my first books?
(shakes her head) I hate that I made this call--tell me I'm being silly.
Would "great" be insulting?
It boils down to respect.
(furious) Shit... You've written how to do this--now do it!
Operator... (nothing) (wildly frustrated) ...Shit!
You crazy bitch... (her voice from the hallway, close and growing closer) Paul, I've got your paper.
You know goddamn well what I've been doing--I'VE BEEN SITTING HERE SUFFERING.
You must be so mad at me.
Get the fuck out of here.
It's so upsetting.
I put two bullets in my gun, one for you and one for me.
(on screen) What the fuck are these?
Under the normal run of things I would have had nothing to do with the cunt, but this was not the normal run of things.
Custom fucking designed for your needs.
I want a fucking hit.
Fuck off!
Only to get my foot in the door.
There's no need for you to get you "foot in the door", as you put it.
He fucked up good and proper.
No problems, and I'm playing like Paul fucking Newman by the way.
Then this hard cunt comes in.
Right fucking at me.
Shites it.
To the fucking video store?
And that's what's illegal.
They'd cut my balls off and flush them down the fucking toilet.
I hate being Scottish.
We're the lowest of the fucking low, the scum of the earth, the most wretched, servile, miserable, pathetic trash that was ever shat into civilization.
It's a shite state of affairs and all the fresh air in the world will not make any fucking difference.
Well, this is a good laugh, you fucking useless bastard.
I'm a fucking adult.
You feel so fucking low, you'll want to fucking top yourself.
And I got a stitch stuck between my teeth, jerked my head back and the whole fucking stump fell off.
I can't be seen on the fucking streets.
Now, listen to me, you little piece of junky shit.
A joke's a fucking joke, but you mention that again and I'll cut you up.
It was my fucking television.
Get to fuck, right.
What the fuck is it?
A fucking stroke.
For four fucking grand?
I'd fucking kill you.
For fuck's sake.
Sorry's no going to dry me off, you cunt.
Not sorry enough for being a fat cunt.
Fuck you.
Now fuck off.
You've stabbed me, man.
You're not going to and fucking hospital.
And you bring me a fucking cigarette.
I'll shut the windows for you.
The sword's been stolen!
Stop thief!
Were you involved?
You stole our master!
(furious) Gou?
I hate that name.
Shut the doors.
(enraged) Stop it!
But you deceived me!
It's the same poison she used to kill my master.
It said you were utterly --- Insane?
Mister, you are insane!
Who said Hans Zarkov was mad? You're mad.
That one is useless to us.
I'm no good at lying.
We are but soldiers.
The name Ming would be blessed instead of cursed.
They have nothing in common but Ming's rule -- and their hatred of him.
They hate Ming.
Please don't be too angry at me for coming.
Angry at you? You'll stay the night?
Damn.
Throw down your weapon!
We'll save these Earthlings! - Curse Ming! -- Into the air, my Hawkpeople - fly!
Fit me with what?
Ming destroyed your kingdom!
When I give you zero, punch that button.
Destroy it.
He wants to give Dale Arden the final destruction of Earth as a wedding present.
(in a whisper) Bastard! ... Bitch!
He has a different tone, and a very self- Are you mad, touching one of their women?
This minority is our adversary and we must isolate and destroy it ... Draw it down there too ...
... Strike!
Insurrection?
Insurrection.
Resist!
If you do it immediately, I promise that you will not be harmed and you will have a fair trial.
You go ... (counting) 25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, 19 ... (muttering) Hurry up, black bastard!
You never seemed the type, Kader, inclined to performing useless actions.
Many are strips of sheets, shirts, ribbons, rags ... but anyway they are flags.
(withering) Go to hell.
They're powerless.
That'll destroy the whole illusion.
For fuck's sake, this is no breakdown!
This is crazy!
Fuck it!
What the hell is this?
Shit! Cut the language, will ya?
...my wife ain't goin' on one of those space shuttles... she hates flyin'... ...aw, come on... flyin's safer'n crossin' the road... ...yeah, there ain't been a real disaster since that collision off Phobos, nigh on twenty years ago... (alarmed) ...well, that killed twelve thousand... What is this, Bennie... Tombstone?
(bitter sarcasm) You didn't have that one before.
"Must return immediately to Earth... the wife needs me..." I don't have a wife.
(tensely) Who are you?
What is this shit you're giving me?
Then how the hell can you be in my dream -- if you know it's just a dream?
Because to you, I'll be dead.
They kidnapped me.
Lose them?
Hang on!
We'll torture him.
Am I dying?
He's-a very easy to insult -- I say something to his niece once, and he slapped my face.
(Half addressing Mrs. Teasdale) I didn't come here to be insulted.
(Exits from scene) (Turning to Mrs. Teasdale) Gloria, much as I hate to leave, I'd be crazy to stay here.
(Stopping dead in his tracks) (Strikes a pose - raising his clenched hands; then to Mrs. Teasdale scornfully) What a fool I was to listen to your siren song and fall a helpless victim under the insidious spell of your irresistible charms -- But - (Paying no attention) You satisfied your selfish whims, while nations tottered, dynasties rocked and the world plunged headlong into a chasm of chaos and oblivion -- (Throws her an arch look) Not bad, eh?
It's not-a your fault.
Now we gotta steal the plans again -- You had 'em on you... you take a bath... and now we no gotta plans of war.
Eureka Ammunition is guaranteed to explode -- or your money back.
(to Benz) You're an idiot, you know that?
What the hell does that mean?
Fucked up.
You are fucked up.
Would you guys knock it off?
They're full of shit.
Gimme a break, they got fucking Space Invaders here.
That's shit's for retards.
No, but since I'm standing here, I'm noticing that you're an ugly little fuck and you're making me sick... (shaking them) Cut it out!!! It's okay, Mr. Finster...
(to the boys) You guys are shits and I'm throwing you out.
Who gives a shit about "ARCADE" anyway?
Fuck-you.
I'm not a fucking idiot, Nick! (screaming) (a strained whisper) Quiet.
Look, why are you fucking with me like this?
(annoyed) So what do you want me to do?
(to herself) Laurie...answer...come on... Shit.
I'd think twice about calling any of those 976 numbers... (angry) Then where do we go?!
(to screen) Come on, come on... Shit.
Hard to pin that bastard down.
How do you stop The Screamer?
(beat) It sucks.
Fuck-you.
Oh shit!
There... Shit... Check your read-out.
What the fuck is that?! Screamer.
(to her reflection) Fuck you.
(she stops pacing) The liar...Truth Teller...liar...liar... Liar.
(over noise) There's a monster here.
(screaming) It's the wrong way! (over the noise) In this world, wrong is right!
It's here!!! (manic) Oh God...oh god... Shit!!! Come on!!!
(annoyed) Guys... Sorry.
(She listens) Shit.
Damn, if you don't love a fight.
You killed them, Wesker.
(Exploding) The same way those fuckin' dogs got out!
Fuck you.
Gimme a fuckin' break.
Shit!
Lab animals and... the researchers themselves... passed it on... by... By... biting.
Why, in the name of Jesus, would anybody wanna mess with shit... that does that shit?
(Freaking) I... I'm a doctor!
Where the fuck is a shark's brain?
I'm just... angry.
You've been with this asshole since... ?
He's... only an asshole some of the time... Who knows what we'll find down there?
What the fuck?
Shit.
(At the computer) Shit.
(Watching the screen) Holy shit!
Scram!
SCRAM!
Where the explosives are.
Now... let's knock on it.
Shit.
killed Sullivan.
The bastards... whoever did this shit... they KILLED SULLIVAN!
K-kill me.
JILL (o.s.) God...damn!
This place should be destroyed!
It needs to be destroyed!
Shit.
Shit.. here I am still callin' you 'boss'.
This thing gets loose, it's gonna be pissed.
Holy shit! (screaming) HELP!!! (He falls back onto his bottom on the floor as he yanks at the chain as hard as he can.)
What the fuck is this?
(sarcastic) My name is Very Fucking Confused!
(disbelief) How can you tell from way over there?
(frustrated, mumbling to himself and to the key) Come on, come on, come on.... (seeing that it doesnt seem to be working on Lawrences lock) Throw it over here.
Fuck.
And by the way, thats a flammable substance smeared on your body (shot of Mark looking at the ointment on his hand, up his arm, everywhere), so I would be careful with that candle, if I were you... (huddled over the safe; screams, but it is still distant sounding) Help!!!!! (VO ctd)....or all the people youve burned with your act (Mark starts to turn the lock on the safe) just might have their revenge.
(a smug but annoyed smirk) Obviously someone doesnt want me to tell you what the patient has.
The lawyer gets frustrated, noisily puts down his pen.)
Hes fucked, either way.)
(pissed, in disbelief) How can you walk through life pretending that youre happy?
(confrontational) That is complete bullshit.
Alison stands a few feet behind him, trying her best to get him to react, to stop the bullshit and end the masquerade.)
(pissed) That is complete bullshit.
Shut up and get down here right now, asshole!
(soft, hushed tone as he looks) Where the fuck...Here.
Shit.
(He looks to the surveillance camera, screaming) God damn you!
You son of a bitch!
He slams his fist fiercely against the floor.)
His voice is calmer, but rage is clearly underneath the surface) My wife, she uh, she mentioned your name.
(snaps, shouting at him) Stop the lies!
Youre a liar!
(His tone changes, hes had it with hiding, had it with Lawrence) Im a liar?
(Lawrence is now the one wearing the Oh shit look.)
Adam takes a handful of photos from the baggie hed kept hidden inside the garbage bag, holds them up and throws them down, scattering them.)
I get paid to take pictures of rich guys like you who go to seedy, out-of-the-way motels to fuck their secretaries.
(calm with rage just beneath the surface) Youve uh, had these with you the whole time?
(angry) Yeah, right.
(screaming) I cant be calm!
He quickly turns and sits up, grabbing the chain and pulling it as he lets out a terrible scream of rage.
Its a mistake Id like to fix! Im gonna kill you you sick asshole!
What are you doing?! (screaming/crying) What are you doing?! (Lawrence crawls on farther, towards the body.)
Ill fucking kill you! (Lawrence grabs Zeps leg as he passes but is too weak and Zep pulls away, looking down at him, moving over to the other side of the body) Ill fucking kill you!
You fucking bastard!
Ill fucking kill you!
You fucking bastard!
Ill fucking kill you!
Ill fucking kill you!
Will you murder and mother and her child (Zep rocking aback and forth, getting ready to kill Alison and Diana) to save yourself?
Hell, he know I can't read...
Now get lost.
Darn!
I hate money, don't you?
You son of a bitch!
That is one hell of a shirt.
I'm lonesome so I'm a thief, a fornicator, a whore-monger.
I warn you I'm gonna use you, I'm gonna run you ragged!
Easy locations to get to Easy ladies to greet you Easy chairs to seat you Easy payments to meet Let E-Z set you On Easy Street Joe arrives confident Harassed E-Z receptionist Lines of uneasy customers Desperate, angry faces Reams of E-Z forms to fill Clerk's sneer, says Joe has to be kidding Key to 1014... Looks like you been locked out of your room, buddy.
Screw off.
I was lying.
What're you going to do to me? (controls fury) What you got in your pockets?
What I called about, Bill, I'm gonna kill myself... Why call me, baby?
They lie out in their pagodas and pergolas waiting to grab the first jockstrap that passes.
I got news for you, baby, no chick with any class buys that big dumb cowboy crap... ... the cowboy bit's out, except among fags of a certain type, which take a certain, type hustler to exploit.
That's why you gonna stop crapping about Florida and get your skinny butt moving to earn twenty bucks worth of management you owe me... Make that twenty-three bucks.
Well, uh, my manager's gonna manage all that crap, or else he gonna get a coconut up his flue.
These rich bitches write a check at night, call the bank and stop payment in the morning.
Well, I ain't a f'real cowboy, but I'm one hell of a stud!
Get lost.
Y -- what in hell starts with Y? It can end in Y day, pay, lay -- hey, pay lay! Cut it out.
I'll leave a key with the super... Well, ma'am -- Shirley -- I sure hate to trouble you, but... See what you think of that crap.
I loathe it.
For your trip.
That was thoughtless of me.
You're wasting your time.
The trip is.
How'n hell a dumb Bronx kid like you know that?
Hey, what the hell you doing?
I'm zipping your fly, what the hell you think I'm doing?
What the hell... That's what I said.
Annoyed, she starts to back out -- then realizes that the light on the far side of her body renders the area into which she's now moving essentially black as midnight.
Tell me, do you believe in Hell?
There's a bum, dressed in rags, leaning up against the wall of a building.
She grabs one and throws it down in front of herself to cover the blood.
She grabs another, then another, and throws them down.
With a loud SMASH, it spills the newspaper everywhere.
He's knows the source of the noise -- and he's pissed.
The story's a piece of shit.
Don't be so upset.
It's OK... What the fuck are you talking about?
Patronizing fuck!
I knew it was shit.
VI(cont'd) Fuck him!
Fuck him!
Fuck him... Vi? Are you OK? Yes.
Fucking cripple.
Why do I waste my time with undergrads?
Tired of 'life in the fast lane'?
I hate reading.
And heaven, hell and angels and all kind of stuff?
Get the hell outta here!
You a pervert?
(under his breath as he starts walking away) Tired of this shit...
Hey, how come you drive such a shitty car?
He's dead.
He was executed.
How did they execute him?
You were unhappy?
Would that bother you?
It was a total fucking disaster!
The criminally insane.
What's that smell?
They call him the Green Chain Rapist.
That's horrible.
They kidnapped six people for a demonic ritual.
The media enjoyed it but she got certified insane by the court.
But soon, he got violent.
He'd have bursts of rage and beat other patients.
You really think Doctor Mixter is gonna believe a fucking cleaner over a medical professional?
Leave her alone.
He works nights with that other son- of-a-bitch Hardcastle.
Bite me.
Fuck you!
You fucking faggot!
Well it's not healthy to think too much about what those crazy son-of- a-bitches say.
Now how the hell did that happen?
Put your hands on your fucking head and face the wall!
Now!! I'm coming in dipshit, one fucking move from you and I'll cave your fucking skull in!
Pemberton, what's taking you so long man?? Shit!
What the fuck are you doing??
That guy is a fucking menace and he deserves everything he gets.
Are you gonna quit?
Stop it!! Stop it now!!
His age ain't the problem Louise, those goddamn drugs he's taking are.
Kill them before they kill you.
Free will in the hands of a person who feeds the Evil inside them.
Don't let this place feed the evil.
Terrible business that.
Satchem accused the Christians of not properly compensating his tribe for the land.
You're lying to me, I know who I am!
One of the patients is running around with a shot gun down on Ward X! Fuck!! Please help us!
Hey mister, you need to get the hell out of here, there's a patient going crazy with a gun!! My...my skin's on too tight!
A fucking key's been snapped in the lock!
Fuck!! Lights out, you son-of-a-bitch!! Get your fucking hands up you sick fuck!
Get the fuck out of my head you son-of-a-bitch!
You fucking believe that do you?? Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me! You're no better than those fucking fundamentalists who kill innocent people because they've twisted shit they've read in some Holy book.
How about if I blow your fucking head off then huh?? What the fuck are you laughing at?
They're gonna lock you up and throw away the key!!
That's why she's burning in hell.
She's looking up from the bowels of hell now knowing that you never loved her!
Your mother's in hell and you don't care!! Fuck you!!
He touched me and it stopped.
I saw a ghost... Oh no... don't go, darlin', you stay with me, now... shit!
Hey, blow me, fat boy! Blow yourself, bigmouth.
You're outta your fuckin' mind.
Fuck you, T-Bird.
I hate this goddamn thing...
Leave me alone -- !
Please, TIn-Tin, you know I'm good for the money, man, I promise, Leslie put me up to it, please, man, don't -- (choking scream) Ratty -- shut the fuck up.
What in the hell... do you call that?
Piss off, we're closed.
Oh, bullshit!
You're trespassing asshole, you're breakin' and enterin' and you just bought me a fucking door!
You're looking for a coroner,shit- for-brains!
Who would waste time killing you... besides me? (cowed) Top Dollar.
You want those assholes, you want Top Dollar.
You walk outta here Top Dollar will erase your ass! Top Dollar owns the fucking street here and you can't dick with me, you son of a bitch!
You're under arrest; I don't care what else is wrong with you!
Are you nuts, walking into a gun?
I know Top Dollar has turned your streets into his hell.
Fucking A, my friend.
Guy shows up looking like a mime from hell.
(beat) Least he didn't do that "walking against the wind" shit; I hate that.
Top, what the fuck is going on tonight?
I dabble.
Your ass is already in enough trouble for this shit.
It's a big fucking bird... It's a squab.
BANG!
How the hell did you do that?
I hate trespassers!
I hate prowlers!
I hate peeping toms! (whack!)
And right now I hate you!
Ahh, the hell with it, I still got five shots left.
Owwwaaaa -- fuck me!
Look what you did to my sheets, you lame piece'a shit!
What the shit are you gonna do about this?!
I hate this cream stuff.
I've comrades in hell, T-bird.
I never was too good at this domestic shit.
Hey, shut the fuck up! Chili dog for breakfast... it's original.
(pissed off) The night is young.
(hot) The found T-bird flash-fried to what was left of his fucking car!
OwwwAAHHH son of a BITCH!
Who gives a fuck!
Give me a break.
I hate this place; it isn't fair.
Then we can get a suite somewhere and order up a case of champagne while we fuck ourselves silly.
Because You've been so patient, and because I want to fuck you, take care of You, and because there's nothing else in the world worth doing.
(angry) You should be having coffee.
Stop fucking with me.
I don't give a fuck what you do.
There... Steady as a fucking rock, excuse my French.
(seriously) I wonder if you'll take two hundred and fifty dollars to fuck me?
Fuck her.
I don't care what the fuck you do with her.
Fuck you.
Don't fuck with me, motherfucker.
Fuck off.
See what an asshole he is.
How much will it cost us to fuck you?
(becoming annoyed with them) Don't your friends talk?
Why, hell, Charlie, I sent 'em off to learn the one thing I couldn't teach 'em.
I want to fuck her in the butt... ... you too, right?
(shouting) It's my fucking money) That's it... Take your money back.
You on strike?
Next time it won't be so fucking easy.
Where the fuck are you?
Oh... it was an argument.
This is not good place to stop.
Make more noise, I kill him.
And where the bloody hell are my reinforcements!! (embracing his daughters; softer) Told you to stay away from this hell hole!
Why did you disobey me?
Why do hate the Grey Hair, Magua?
(explodes) Yes I do!
(to Munro) And I know the temper of our men.
But, for you and your comrades, there is no privilege that will be denied.
Their arms?
General Webb can burn in hell.
(explodes) What the bloody hell plan is this?
Let the children of the dead Colonel Munro go free and take the fire out of the English anger over the murder of their helpless ones.
The Huron do not fear English anger.
Well, I've only one thing to say to the liberals in Wiesbaden: fuck 'em.
For Chrissakes I hate that shit, cut it out.
'Dim-shits'?
What the hell are they doing?
Jeez.
Did you know that he refused to give the Nazi salute when Hitler was present in the audience?
Why were they going to arrest you?
I'll ask it again, Wilhelm, and don't give me any more airy-fairy, intellectual bullshit!
I say you're a piece of shit.
Who's the bastard, Helmuth?
But that's why we hated him.
This is utterly ridiculous.
Then you are wrong.
That's an outrageous lie!
He had the nerve to accuse me I am not playing enough modern music.
You deny you said these things?
You strutted and swaggered, you fucking piece of shit, king-pin in a shithouse.
Iill go soon, and stop bothering you.
Donit kill me!
Shut up! Listen.
Horrible...
I don't blame you for getting angry.
You are in a frustrating situation.
This is madness.
If we're caught... Shut-up.
Damn! Whoever it is - get rid of them!
Shut up! Everybody stay calm... BUMSTEAD (to Doctor) You Schreber?
Dammit!
Bumstead, you're starting to annoy me.
Both dead.
Dammit.
And who the hell are you ?
You are the accused's parents?
WHITE (angry) My parents are supposed to be dead!
You can't keep changing the damn rules like this!
This is insane!
Why did it break?
A sword must be tempered, the two ores united through fire and ice.
Before you lies our enemy.
Then hit yourself.
Does it bother you, blood on your hands?
You lie.
Are you mad?
He destroyed my people, looking for you.
Wait -- you seek to kill this Khalar?
Enough lies.
(yelling to Khalar) I have what you want!
Once you've killed Khalar and claimed your vengeance, then what?
Then we fight?
Piss and shit are the last things you need to worry about down here.
Crom! Stop wasting time.
What the fuck are we doing here?
(over the music) Fuck, I need a drink!!! What's wrong, baby?
Fuck you, Day-walker, I ain't saying shit -- Frost.
If you're stupid enough to stay, that's your business.
That's ridiculous!
You're wasting your time, Frost.
Bite me!
Tore the goddamn place apart!
They're vampires.
I can't -- they'll kill me!
He took my fucking hand!
He was cruel enough to let me live.
It's best to leave him alone when he's like this.
I can't close my eyes without hearing her scream.
(straining) What is this?
(snarling) The other elders will never let you get away with this! (subtitled) Don't you see, you fools?! He'll betray you too!
You were fools to trust me.
Cancer.
Is your blood on fire?
Fucking waste, if you ask me.
(his voice really rips) Ah, shit!
(to himself) Plebeian... where the hell did she get that shit?
(inappropriately angered) MMPH! Isn't that somethin!
How 'bout you?
No way, Jack, I don't go in for that macho crap.
Mr. Boats, it's not polite to grab things.
But damn if they ain't in a rush to get there.
Cut it out.
Here's our man eight comics later, a brand new decade, same old bullshit.
What's wrong?
I mean that last one turned out to be a real nasty bitch.
It's annoying.
What's wrong?
What the hell's a guy like you doing with that?
I don't wanna hear that psychobabble crap!
I hate checkin' bags, man.
(ignoring her) Damn Yuppies get everything.
Where the hell is that Ornette Coleman album, Joyce?
What the hell?
Who the hell cares?
You and Stupid Pet Tricks are a riot.
Asshole.
Y'know why? 'Cause I don't give a damn about the Letterman show.
(furious) Hey!
(yelling) How many times do we gotta go through the same bullshit.
So why don't we talk about your parent company, G.E., huh? Let's talk about anti-trust violations and nuclear reactors!
Dave, you're fulla shit!
You're fulla shit!!
Fuck...
Bitch.
None of this low limit bullshit.
What the fuck you smiling at, bitch?
I was a goddamn embarrassment tonight.
Hey, fuck you, old man.
It's fucking tragic because the old lion can't figure it out on his own.
(a beat) Yeah.
That's too bad.
I'm gonna pretend like you give a shit and tell you, she's getting by.
It's my fucking table -- (touching him) Hey, heard the one about the fella walks into a bar and says, "Hey, who owns that big great dane outside?"
Well, what fucking gives?
The man's as standup as my dick.
Why don't you announce it to the whole fucking joint?
An insult.
The same fucks who started this shit in the first place.
Crap, Ace Deuce.
Good now throw it before you fucking keel over and die, old man.
Everybody craps out.
Who's laughing now, huh? ya fuckin!
C'mon, crack wise again... Ya fuckin' smooth as a Ken doll, no- dick, suburbanite scum.
Guy fucks up my game like that.
Who the fuck does he think he is?
Payback.
I don't want to ruin it...
What's wrong?
Put that fucking thing out!
You've gone and fucked it up big time.
He should have 'em throwing ice cubes out there, but instead I got a fuckin' meltdown on my hands.
(close to losing it) What's there to fuckin' love?
You do not want to fuck me over, darlin'.
Now get the fuck outta here.
You look a little fucking spooked.
You lay another finger on her, I swear to God I'll kill you.
I'll fuckin' kill you!
What the fuck?
What the fuck more do I need?
There's no day, there's no night, it's all just one big fuckin' blur and it don't count for nothin'!
(massages his throat) Man, I've got a fucking lump in my throat.
It's... (glancing past Max) Shit.
So we're somewhere, now: who was that guy-- (frustrated sigh) Fine.
So you'd piss in a cup for us, right?
(shouting) Hey! DETECTIVE #1 (cont'd) Hey asshole, that door's locked for a reason.
hoever killed your sister did the same thing to my partner-- (louder) It was the same person.
slurred) So stupid...
Shut the door, then.
oth of the men had records, mostly bullshit - possession, petty theft.
spent four hours up at Homicide going through Alex's desk and cataloging pictures of this woman, and not one of you bastards bothered to mention that she was Max Payne's wife?
Colvin SCREAMS.
(beat, louder still) Hey! hat is this?
He locked them out of the bedroom, tried CPR...boy scout shit. he Junkies turn to Max, eyes black and glassy.
(under his breath) Shit.
Buzz off, you silly old bastard.
You broke that idiot's jaw for no reason other than your boredom.
You only have to stay with her one night, she'll put you on a bus in the morning and your mother will be at the station when you get there.
Is that kid still bothering you?
Who the hell started a campfire?! VOICE (o.s.)
They spray us with water cannon when we try to stop 'em, sink our boats, and then call us crazy.
We'll kill it with too much, we'll put it into respiratory arrest!
As free as the grass grows -- Are you insane?!
What are you doing here, Burke?
Pack hunters.
Damn it.
They go to hell together.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing with kids.
But in your case, it sounds more like self-destruction.
Lava?
Hang on!
Fifty three stab wounds.
That I was too stupid to find the guy who killed her?
Goddamn helmet melted down.
Cause of death is pretty fucking obvious.
(through the bars to Alex) Now who the fuck are you?
Damn.
Then who was the fucking Houdini?
You lie!
Where the fuck did you come from?
Corvis hacked up that girl like a motherfucker.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Wrong.
That was a fucking hollow point!
Fuck!
They killed Dutton.
You're the only one gave a flying fuck about him when he was alive.
Bitches are crazy.
You're the guy killed Dutton.
Stop the car.
Fuck.
What you fucking want?
It's a bullshit fucking story the loser boyfriend made up.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
You killed her! ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Not me.
Dutton, Erlich... I've been shot, and stabbed and thrown from a car and none of it hurt.
No singles, it's the buddy system til we catch this asshole.
Fucking zombie mask.
Please! Leave him alone!
Turn down that fucking baby!
It's fucking next.
She grabbed one of their guns.
She turned and faced them and went down kicking and punching and fighting them, fighting death as they stabbed her and stabbed her.
Now lay off the fucking doors!
Back the fuck off!
I think you fucking saw it.
Give me a hand with this sack of shit.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- So was he dead?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Grab it!
He owes you.
The devil himself.
What the fuck?
Fuck you.
I'm not dying for your goddamn illusions.
You can't do this to me you little fucks!
You are so dead.
Right now your eyes are blood shut.
Stone.
... Stone.
Grab him!
Just point the damn thing at earth and by this time tomorrow you'll be back in Lake Zurich with one hell of a story to tell.
Here it's colder than hell and lonelier than shit, but it's beautiful Aningang.
Trust me, it's a hell of a story.
Because either way-- It'll be one hell of a ride.
He said you gave him a bad oxygen mask -- Well, if he's bored you with that bullshit, then this has to be the best part of a bad date.
(angry) Today -- especially today -- you get to hear it again.
Maggie, where the hell have you been?
(to Wright) What the fuck is this about?
(beat) This is the most protected shipment we've got -- and the most useless for a thief.
The CIA issued an inter-agency warning about him right after the wall came down.
Gabe steps outside and pulls it shut.
Hey there -- The door to the shed opens -- Gabe steps in, and shuts the door behind him.
Kill him when he gets down.
What the hell -- Brett -- you're not going to believe this -- but a couple of guys are holding a gun on Hal and forcing him up the bluff -- I believe it.
What the fuck is going on here?
Forget it -- downdrafts would wipe her all over the peaks -- (Travers starts to argue) -- Not that I expect you to give a shit, but it's our only copter.
I know it's not in any fucking airport from here to Montana.
And -- -- The roads are shut down, right?
So where is the goddamn thing?
We can't -- I need to stop.
I take a year off and the department goes to hell.
(Davis nods) Get me a fucking radio!
What the fuck -- What -- who are -- Don't worry.
(low) Fuck off.
That plane crash -- it's a half dozen guys who were smart enough to steal fifty million bucks, but dumb enough to drop it all over the range.
(over radio) Time we have -- Walker's dead, Wright's an idiot.
Get the hell away from me!
I don't need your goddamn help.
Like until the Ice Capades opens in Hell, with you two on it.
Get your asses back in here.
I don't know about the rest of you, but I sure as hell ain't gonna sit still for this.
Where the hell is he going?
Granger and Pitts have one hell of a caseload... and I would have thought with Jetson here being the first Newcomer plainclothes, and Hubley's body being found over in the Newcomer community... Don't tell me what to think.
How the hell do you know that?
I hate to admit it but -- they all still kinda look alike to me.
Encounters.
I don't think I could ever learn to read that shit.
Raw what?
It hurts like hell, but you never really needed the damn thing in the first place.
Ignore the bitch on the left, that's Edie.
Here's this guy with a pen stuck in his ass and he thinks it's a thermometer.
You're only from another goddamn planet, for chrissakes.
You son-of-a-bitch.
Stop the car!
Nothing here seems to be matching up... Holy shit... (to Jetson) Look what we're staring at: three Newcomers with nothing in common, right?
He ain't gonna make any more of the shit.
Why? What's the big goddamn deal?
(continuing; as Jetson starts the car You destroy that drug, you destroy the case.
(through the open driver's window) Fuck procedure.
You... you killed Strader?
Why the hell are you so dead set against back-up?
What the hell was that down there?
What murders?
But they were wrong.
So the murders stopped?
Except that Jason isn't real so none of it matters anyway.
Sean -- where the hell have you been?
I used the sextant when I was your age, but now they have these goddamn computers to do all the work for you.
It's a dumb little thing anyway.
What are you going to do? Relax, I've got McCulloch covered... but that little narcing bitch niece of his is a different matter.
I want everybody to meet on the bridge... What the fuck is this?
Jesus Christ... Who did this, man?
It's...dead.
You're insane, old man.
And it's certainly none of us... You're the one who's insane!! What are you doing??
(to the others) I say we regroup and find this motherfucker before he finds us.
I managed to scrounge this shit from the game room and hallways.
I refuse to discuss this ridiculous notion that a ghoul is terrorizing this ship.
Stop it!! Leave her alone, Charles!
Hey man, wake up! Check it out!! God damn, we're in New York!
You follow and we'll blow her fuckin' head off, comprende?
Forgot my money, holmes... Who the fuck are you?
He's a walking corpse, a phantasm from hell.
You son of a bitch...
What the hell are you kids doing down here?
Get up, Sean!!! (screaming) Climb!!! Mmmmmmmmmommy...DON'T LET ME DROWN, Hhhhelp me....
Goddamn it!
I'm a fucking tourist!
Are ya bloody mad?
Shit... (in Italian) Run faster, man! (in Italian) You can't let them stay over, man.
The officers told me to wait here.
Why they mad at you?
Shit.
I hate to break it to you, but-- Okay, I'm a criminal.
(frustrated) Move off.
These are disgusting.
Another macho idiot.
He probably has mistresses in every European city, too.
You mean the idiot who ruined our operation?
Shut up! Everyone.
(harsh) She's my agent.
(furious) Ackerman!! Do it.
That's a lot o' shit.
Now I'm gonna bust your ass for those three bags - then I'm gonna nail you for pickin' your feet in Poughkeepsie.
You're a dumb guinea.
Whip it out.
They're trying to steal the formula for Hershey bars -- What the hell am I drivin' for?
If I see any shit on the floor, it's yours, so keep your eye on your neighbor.
I'm goin' check on this address in the Bronx, if you're bullshitting me, it's your ass.
We deserve it.
(pause, he turns to RUSSO) You really believe all this crap?
Whatta you got? Whatta you?... a 44... 46? Where'd you get this fag shit?
One night at the Garden about 1950, '51 -- he fought either Jake LaMotta or Gus Lesnevich, I think it was -- he took one o' those cream puff punches in the sixth -- the laziest left you ever seen -- missed him entirely.
Fuck it, I like nitroglycerin, that's my game.
Knock your fuckin' head off.
Where the hell do you think it is, potato head?
So far I haven't seen a damn thing.
I been damn careful up to now.
That bastard who followed me on the subway, he's the eager one.
Stop that guy.
Where the hell's he going?
Hey, stop the car... He's got a gun...
We're not afraid of you! (furious) You . . .
I'll break her will. . .
(beat) . . .
Next! (stupid) Oh. . .
My bike has been stolen!
he's gonna be so mad. . .
he's gonna be so mad... Ummm ... Father Gregori?
(sweetly) Why would I ever be angry with you, little friend?
I knew this was gonna to upset him!
The Romanovs tried to kill me and I swore to destroy all of them!
No matter... Ohhh, that was dumb... (calling to Rasputin) Hello, I've get really terrible claustrophobia.
And I hate that in a woman.
No! I look ridiculous!
Me? No. Rich food - it kills me.
He annoys me.
But you will listen to me! (recognizing Dmitri) You! How dare you?! Stop this car immediately!
Stop this car!
It's all I have... (through tears) It was hers ... my Anastasia's ... (then suddenly: angry, defensive) If this is part of your scheme!
I offered it to them, but they both refused.
(from above) Throw her off the edge!
My curse is now complete!
Oh my God... Shit!! Get it!
There are thirty five listed in the reverend Wong's roster... Shit.
Fuck 'em.
What's wrong?
Weird shit...? Take a look.
You stupid sonofa- Peter!
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!
Oh, Jesus... What the fuck is that?! What the fuck is that?! (A desperate appeal) Peter... Wrap it around your hand!
Let's go! Oh, shit... There!
Get the goddam door!
What the fuck was that?
You better tell me what the hell's going on here!
Wait a minute- Fuck you, wait a minute.
Where the hell'd that thing come from?
Shit, it was runnin' around with its buttside gone and a fucking pipe through its heart... (Quietly) It doesn't have a heart.
Burn the tunnels before... Get the doors!
(covers his nose) Shit! Rub it on the windows!
What are you putting that crap on me for?
But the power... Hell, I might be able to juice the whole area, if I can get to the power box.
Across both tracks!! Shit.
NOW!! GO!! Get the hell off my beat!
By the time I got there, Mrs. Kindleman had sprayed the whole damn place...
Stop it Houdini!
(yelling) There are none.
We act crazy, insane with anger.
Make him crap in his pants and force him around till we meet up on the other side.
We're gonna beat your ass bitch!
Ahhhh... I'm insane with anger.
Shit.
I said the f-word a couple times, but mostly "shits" and "bastards."
(beat) Is "Douche bag" a curse?
How about "John you're a douche bag for kissing Barbara?" That's a curse.
I punched my brother in the back three times... It's contaminated.
(yelling) You're wasting your time here!
(loud) The police are here... I am with them...
(beat) Why are they doing that?
I hate you.
I hate you...
(soft) I hate you.
His lungs were closed.
(beat) His lungs were closed.
His lungs were closed.
This guy's got one hell of an ego.
(angry, slams his fist on the desk) Damn it, man!
So that's all I am to you! Betsy... Wait... (angry) Whatsa' matter with you!... Tryin' to ruin my whip!...
I'll be disgusting.
(to Betsy) What the hell are you doing here'?
So I brought him back to the compound...nursed him back to health... Clare, I hate to quibble with your anthropological abilities... Quibble.
(frustrated sigh) As an experiment...the fly was put in this room...alone...with only the peach stone to sustain its existence.
(angry, to Betsy) Betsy.
Keep your trap shut.
(insulted) Fine.
(annoyed, to Betsy) Now quit moanin' and eat your food.
Banseebaba is giant demon from hell.
Whatever the hell it is...
The heat.
I'll wake the whole boat.
You son of a bitch.
(still fighting) Scraggy!... No!... Keep goin' straight!... Full steam ahead!... What?...
(angry, slapping Indy across the face) This is a very serious matter, Doctor Jones.
Destroy their City!
(German; English subtitles) Idiot!... Why are you dressed like that!...
General?... Who the hell do they think I am... Custer?... Geez...
He wanted to be on the football team.
I demand it!...
What the hell's goin' on?
You and your friends have saved my city from ruin.
Son of a bitch.
I'm gonna hate myself for this.
What is it about fences?
If we could all live together... but... they hate each other.
That fuck.
I heard screaming... Luke.
It was a stupid thing to do.
She was unhappy.
After Rene... after she killed herself... he turned into a monster.
He took them here and he killed them.
Break!
Shit!
A young, uniformed police OFFICER stops Reilly in front of a cordoned-off section of the street.
Reilly stares in disbelief -- these guys are nuts!
That guy's wife must be pretty pissed off to play a trick like that.
Fuck off, pal.
Reilly ignores them, starts towards the ruins.
I said get the fuck outta here.
What the hell's going on?
Son-of-a-bitch... my nose...
This fuck-up is interfering with- Reilly, what're you doing here?
Smoky hell.
T.J. punches keys on a computer, peers through the microscope as Glass, Reilly, Pooch and Bev stand by.
While the man's motives and identity remain a mystery, police are denying the incident is related to the explosion that ripped through a bar earlier today, killing 15 and wounding more than 30... Swan kicks in the TV, destroying it.
Okay, hit it.
11/10/97 62. Damn.
The Tracer yanks off his headphones in utter frustration.
An unmarked police car pulls up and stops behind the machine shop.
Pluchinsky curses.
It SCREECHES to a stop.
Drunk, dejected, looking like shit, Reilly waits for a fix with a couple other JUNKIES.
Okay, one of the caps turns it on, the other shuts it down.
How the hell do you feel yellow?
But that's where you're wrong.
You're making a terrible mistake.
The statue SMASHES to the ground.
But then the CRASHING stops.
Goddamn it, Krash, I know.
87 87 hat the hell are you doing here, Carnby?
He pulls off his holster and gun and drops them on a table.
She KNOCKS on the door.
She stops, annoyed.
Goddamn it.
It's a dead end.
The other Agent FIRES on Fischer with her weapon.
Fischer snaps the Agent's neck, killing her.
Goddamn it!
Burke looks furious.
ut she's SLAMMED off her feet.
line comes up to the concrete wall, running her hands along its flat surface.
I swear I've had it with that goddamn kid.
She's not my mother, Todd! 17A IN THE DRAINAGE CANAL John zig-zags along, throwing up a Major moves, homes!
Look, Todd and Janelle are dicks but I gotta warn them.
Shit!
What the hell's the goddamn dog barking at?
Guns and explosives have chemicals, moving parts.
For a while she was with this crazy ex-Green Beret guy, running guns.
I hated her for that.
TERMINATED!? Shit!
Yeah, well fuck you, she's a priority to me! Hey, goddammit!
So don't fuck with me! Open the goddamn door!
They are partway up when a blue-and-white hospital Out of the car!! 78A Terminator slams the car into reverse and punches it, lighting up the 79 The T-1000 is running at them out of the inferno below.
It was stupid of you to go there.
It is in your nature to destroy yourselves.
Then those fat fucks in Washington figure, what the hell, let a computer run the whole show, right?
I thought we had it with this one... ... but the output went to shit after three seconds.
You promised to take the kids to Raging Waters today.
(she pulls away from him) But why is that so goddamn important, Miles?
(yelling) Yolanda.
(grinning) Hey, how about the fillings out of my fucking teeth while you're at it?
He sees Shit, we're too late!
Don't FUCKING MOVE!! (she swings the gun on Tarissa) Get on the floor, bitch!
Now!! Fucking down!
(screaming) Shut up, kid! Get out of the way!! (gasping) Please... let... the kids... go... Shut up! SHUT UP!! Motherfucker!
IT'S YOUR FAULT!! 136A The front door is kicked in.
Fucking men... all you know how to do is thrust into the world with your... fucking ideas and your weapons.
Son of a bitch, I knew it!
Those lying motherfuckers!
It 178A SLAMS into the canopy.
180B T-1000 reaches through the shattered canopy with the MPK machine 180C Bullets riddle what's left of the chopper's canopy as the T-1000 180D INSIDE THE VAN holes are punched through the thin sheet-metal walls, 180E Terminator serves around a car which is changing lanes, hitting it 181A Sarah reloads and keeps firing.
182A Terminator fights to control the van, which is fishtailing violently 182B INSIDE THE VAN, John crawls to Sarah, who is groaning and holding her 183 BACK DOWN THE ROAD, THE HELICOPTER wreckage is a crumpled ball of junk 183A The shaken DRIVER jumps down.
Goddamn, are you alri -- 183B SSSHHCK!
Holy shit.
You're too damn trusting.
Flip.
Flip.
Shit.
Shit, girl, you couldn't'a been eleven.
Ow! Fuck!
You slut.
Fuck you, fat ass.
Damn fuse.
Bill! Shit.
She's gonna go out and create a Goddamn hysteria!
Still, quit that talk!
I see we're fucked.
Wait! Dammit, Bill, if that girl's still out there, how will you find her?
But I got him angry 'cause I wasn't calm.
Oh... Oh, shit!
I'm so fucking hungry, Bill.
What the fuck they gonna do with her in a hospital, Bill?
Bill, get her to stop that shit!
What the hell were those things?!
Government's testin' 'em out on us! 'Cause who gives a shit if Wheelsy disappears, right?! I hope it ain't contagious.
I'll be pissed as hell I turn into a big mollusk.
I'll fuckin' sue, I swear to God.
You for damn sure ain't got the balls to -- Starla BLASTS Wally, blowing open a big crater into his face.
Oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit!
Shit.
If so, I apolog - Shelby, shut up.
He's a fucking Martian?! A Martian is from Mars, Trevor.
Shit.
Now, Bill!! Kill the motherfucker!! Er...? Hey.
Shit.
Shut up a minute.
And what the hell was that sound she made right before she hit the coffee table.
Shut up, Cleo.
So, like, I don't care if shit breaks.
Leave 'em the hell alone.
Bad.
Hey, Bartlett, pick up your skirt when you run! (yelling to heckler) Run, you bastard, run!
Hat-trick?
(sotto) Shut up.
What the heck is going on here?
I can't take the fighting, the back-stabbing, the open hostility.
But robberies?
To say how much you hate me or how much your grandparents hate me...
Now how the hell can I help you?
Well, shit-fire, Kansas, that's the sweetest goddamn thing ever...
You piece-a-shit bug zapper!
What kind of deal would you make if I said we were going to the police and tell them you're selling illegal guns... to minors!
Holy shit!
Is Jack upset that he can't be here?
What the hell kind of food are they serving us that they can turn a profit on two hundred bucks!? Uh, Fern? (monotone) Yeah?
Don't make me hate you.
Bettys, stop it!
What the hell do you want?
I'm part of this squad... (nerves build to rage) Oh no!
Shit - EVERYBODY DOWN!
Shit.
(ranting) ...I'm walking evidence!
It might be a "gaggle" of Bettys... (mumbled, pointing O.C.) What the hell?! What the hell are you s'posed to be?
You're not a bank-robbin' Betty - you're a fat fuck in drag...
I am not a fat fuck in drag!!! Then it happened - the moment I'd been waiting for!
...and a "bitch slap."
What the hell .... what happened?
So why did you idiots bring me here?
Is shit!
What's wrong with that?
(furious) "Get out!
If I tell what happened... they'll arrest you and put you in jail, so get out of here before..." "Before what?" "Before I kill you."
I hate us both!" BETTY (cont'd) Such a lame scene.
Is it bad for you that I'm here?
He's laughin' you know and shakin'... Son of a bitch couldn't stop laughin'...
Damn, that's a long drive.
I hate you...
I hate us both!
He's got a project that you would kill!
(bitterly) Yeah.
Damnit!
A couple klicks from insertion we go vertical to ten thousand and you punch out.
Son of a bitch!
Shit! (flatly) Start over.
(frustrated) We're leaving tonight, not in a week.
Damn! Leeches.
(hissing) You fucking crazy?
I've had enough of your bad-ass Indian-scout bullshit.
But you screw up once more and I'll kill you myself.
(Viet/subtitled) Crazy motherfucker.
(to aide) Goddamn it!
Are you crazy?
Fuck it.
Fuck it.
Why were you in the box?
(pause) Man they got pissed.
Yeah, fuck your mama-san, too.
And call it -- expedience.
(viciously) Expedience!
(continuing) Bucu bullshit!
Aw, you'll be okay.
I don't want him to get his nuts cut, daddy!
Gonna get his-- --nuts cut, yes.
The ambulance is at Sonny's Sunoco downtown, getting-- --a new muffler, oh shit-- I can't look at it...I can't stand it... CHARLTON (slaps her) Yes you by God can.
You were a hell of a god cat.
Oh, shit!
Yes--I hate it, too.
What's wrong?
At school Michael McDowell said she was gonna fry in hell.
JUD (voice over) Timmy Baterman was on his way home from the war with his Purple Heart when he got killed in some stupid car accident down in Georgia.
I can smell him!
Bill, this ain't right--you can see that yourself-- BILL (screaming) TIMMY (laughing) Dead!
Hate living!
Hate living!
Lie down.
Who'd be stupid enough to deposit money in a German bank?
(to the others') He's insane!
Have you seen this? (irritated) What, I'm working, what?
You're mad, that's your trouble, you're mad.
What's the trouble?
(doffing his hat) Thank you.
Stop it, Wladek.
She's getting on my nerves.
What the fuck are those?
Fuck that, you're lying, I can smell it.
You lie to me again and I'll shoot you personally.
Oh, shit!
But when they storm the flat, throw yourself out of die window - don't let them get you alive.
I want to see your identity card!
(as Szpilman approaches') Why the fucking coat?
Murderers!
Assassins!
We can't drink our piss can we?
She says she wanted to tell you but her English is shit.
He's crazy.
It's crime.
What's wrong?
What the fuck are you doing?
Leave her alone.
Put the fucking kettle down.
Put the fucking kettle down.
I've been throwing up for weeks.
You've split my fuckin, lip.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
What's it like having to fuck men you hate?
It's wrong.
She's dead.
That's awful.
Because it was a lie.
What the fuck is he doing here?
Hey, really...you're gonna make my User, Mr. Henderson, really mad.
I'm Ram.
Ah, hell...busted again.
Frustrating.
You did break in.
Some nerve... what does he care whether you guys get killed, long as he keeps rakin' in quarters?
Hang on.
Put your hand behind your back.
They hate this tower.
All right!The Bit, upset, BUZZES around Flynn nervously.
We did take care of that User you sent us -- Yes, and now you've got two renegade programs running all the hell over the system in a stolen simulation.
No... Tron ... must... destroy MCP... first... Dumont!
What kid? How'n hell do I know what kid?
The man on the floor?
(alarmed) Momma... are they angry with us.
How 'bout that.
I was so angry with your brother.
I was wrong.
Where the hell have you been?
About having you... shunned!
Wrong.
All right, you nasty son of a bitch, we're going to be friends whether you like it or not.
Nail it!
(now getting annoyed) Land! Are you crazy?
What the hell happened?
Book, you sneaky bastard, I know you're here!
Fuck off.
Get the fuck out.
What the fuck?
RNewman / Endeavor Draft 8. You're under arrest, dick.
You're fucking hot.
(clicking phone shut) Yeah.
Have a nice day, bitch.
You too, slut.
Leave him alone.
$500 if you lose.
What the fuck is this?
Not you, Ragged Dick.
Like angels pissing down my throat.
The fuck was that?
I'd say it was a fucking gift from the Gods.
Fix me a goddamn drink.
This is fucking big.
Same fucking thing.
We're fuckin' heroes, buddy.
Did I fuckin' say that?
Did you fuckin' mean it?
Oh, fuck!
Holy shit!
You're fucking my sister?
Holy shit.
Fuckin' liar.
Well, where the hell are they?
Slut.
You're such a slut, Mom! You're a Cougar slut!
Throw the ball back, Pendejo!
Ho-ly shit.
Who knew that your Mexican day laborer was a goddamn Federale?! RNewman / Endeavor Draft 50.
You missed, asshole.
That little bastard promised me a ride on his leafblower.
You must have broken off a dick in his ass.
McLaughlin's a goddamn saint, a fucking martyr.
Stop the car.
Now are you gonna DO your fucking job or are you gonna LOSE your fucking job?
Oh shit.
Wait... Fuck that, you wait.
You came to arrest me?
Shit my heel is broke.
You stupid sonofabitch.
You fucked me.
You are a stupid sonofabitch.
Shit.
Fucking shit, bitch.
Make him pay for a goddamn hotel.
He killed McLaughlin.
Put the traitor in the brig.
Where the hell they get these thumb-suckers?
I hate interrupting educational programming, but -- CARRIE (cont'd) I need to talk to Dinkle.
I'm slipping!
What the hell is he doing Came in on the evac.
Shit -- we've got to move up the evac.
I was stupid enough to be one of them.
And I'm trying to stop it -- so fuck asking you for shit, Sam.
God, I was young and stupid, and in way over my head.
Go to hell.
What're you doing, you crazy bitch?
Fuck you.
The plane, they're in the fucking plane.
What the hell's going on?
Who the hell are you?
What the hell are you up to, Keller?
Yeah, it's a damn shame, isn't it.
It was a hell of a lot of money.
Everything went to hell after that, didn't it, Doc.
-- I didn't want to bother you.
You're detestable.
Burgel hated Eduard.
He's jealous, yes, but that jealous?
(very upset now) All those bastards are in league with each other -- why can't you see that! ... I don't see anything.
That's mad .
-- Oh, yes, it's mad.
(becoming clearer) "Accident and Compensation" -- no one can accuse the firm of not supplying exactly what it promises.
They're dead now.
If I told you once...I told you a thousand times... (rote) I know...I know...if the cash is there we don't care... (nervous) Finnegan this is as mean a pile of shit as we ever carried... ...and some of it's coming your way.
Map...no map...I don't give a shit ...they got women on Samoa, it's on the list.
You put me in that position again I'll throw you overboard myself.
Sure I do...I give a shit that at 0300 hour we reach our point of destination.
I give a shit that those mojos got to do what they got to do, and 45 minutes later we are turn around and gone.
I give a shit that by the time the sun comes up we are all safely tucked in bed.
That's all you give a shit about?
Leila see what they're up to... What the hell... Joey!! Talk to me! Jezebel's dead...Hercules is right behind her!
Shit!! What did you do to my kids!! Me?? No! The man in the moon!! Who's driving this thing?
Look at them...they need gears...cylinder heads...oil pans... we're in the middle of the goddamn ocean...
Engine room and machine shop are on the third sub deck...Vivo...Mulligan go with them...keep in touch...move out... (angry) Kwan bat! Kwam bat! Booom!! (bothered) Yeah...yeah...yeah... Asshole... You'd think they'd set a deck watch...
What the... Focus on the task Mr. Chin... What the hell is going on?
Why don't you help us so we can get done faster so we can get the hell out of here?
'Cause grease monkey ain't in my job description dick head... What I want to know is why the goddamn ocean is always cold...since I'm a kid I hate god damn cold water.
Will you check it the hell out!! Man this shit is cold!
I'm gonna kick your ass for putting me through this... I'm not screwing around with you man...I hate the cold water.
I'm looking... On shit!
Touch it and you're dead, asshole!
What happened to Vivo?! What the hell happened to Vivo? Helloooo?
Forget her...let's get what we came for and get the hell out of here!
Come in! Come in you son-of-a-bitch!
Shut up, man, just shut the hell up!
What the hell's going on here?
Dead.
(freezing) Nowhere... Hanover, listen... Shut up!
Oh shit... 13 12 -- 11 -- 10 -- 9 -- 8 -- 7 -- 6 -- 5 -- 4! 13 4th floor.
How the hell do we fix it?!
Finnegan...John J...now that we've been properly introduced, can we get the hell out of here?
Shoot it!
Shoot it!
On the side!! Let's get the hell out of here!
(pissed) Hey!
You hypocritical bastard...all you gave a shit about was the money... where's the hatch!! Alright let's move out...you two on point... Joey... Which way's aft?
Who gives a shit about aft?
(loud) He's a bloody... (whispered) ...he's a bloody taxi driver!
(nerves) It's your damn ship!
What the hell do you mean you don't know?
Are you crazy?
This son of a bitch (to Canton) zapped the communications.
I'll kill you!! I'll fucking kill you!! I'll do it!
What the hell are you talking about?
These things are octopuses I don't know what these things are ...all I know is... What...? What?? What the hell is going on!! They're herding us.
I was so goddamn close, Finnegan!
So goddamn close to my island...
You son of a bitch!! Look! Oh my god! Oh my god!
Hit it!
There's not much horsepower left in the engines, but there's enough noise...once this baby's set...I'll rev it up...that slimy bastard will come for it like candy...
Not even a Joey, I'm glad to see you? Joey, what happened to your leg? Joey, you want to get sucked out by a giant fucking mutated squid?
I think we gotta stop floating from one fucked up situation to the next... Line it up now, nice and easy... I'm telling you, man, we got to give the future some serious thought.
Time to die, motherfucker.
What's bothering you?
(pause) The guy was an asshole.
He stole my camera!
(annoyed) I said I'm fine, okay?
I'm changing jobs, our finances are fucked, and we're stuck in the middle of nowhere.
Are you nuts?
Stupid was letting you talk me into leaving Boston.
Look, mister, I don't know what you want, but -- I want my fucking wife, is what I want!
I don't know what the hell's going on.
Don't lie, you son of a bitch!
He's lying!
Hell yes, officer.
(re: boxes) Those yours?
(lunges) Go to hell, you sonofabitch -- Hey! Hey!
This is insane.
C'mon... work, goddammit... Fuck.
Shit! (calling out) Out of the car!
Now! Sonofabitch... Fuck! Goddammit... He's getting away!
You try chasing... through this shit... Fuck... this is what happens when you get one without the other...
We been fucked with, is what I think.
Little slut lied to us.
Too bad.
(to Earl) Waste of time.
Wrong, asshole.
Now get up in the truck, knees on the floor.
What the hell -- (on phone) It's done.
Hell, you shoulda got the bumper sticker that goes with it: 'Rich Assholes Looking for Trouble!' I'd have loved to see the look on your face when that car seized up.
Where is she?! (barely able to breathe) Fuck you!
Fuck you, you don't!
Where were you taking the money?
He's crazy, I tell you!
Well, get out dammit! Officer, please.
You gotta listen to me -- (glances down at Jeff) Shut up.
Fuck!
(under his breath) Fuck you, asshole.
I don't know who you are or what you want -- Give me the fucking key! (a beat) Mister -- Don't mister me, you sonofabitch!
My wife is locked in a hole in your fucking barn!
You don't give me the key, I'll blow your fucking head off! (clueless) Warren?
He's lying, Deke.
He's wrong.
Oww -- goddammit, you little shit!
He's crazy.
You think you can come into my life and fuck with me?
You think you can fuck with me?! Oh God... Jeff... C'mon, Amy, it's all you now... you can do it... Don't let me go, Jeff...
Why the hell do you think I was there?
You don't have the power to upset me.
You don't matter enough to upset me.
What's wrong?
What's wrong with you?
How wrong can you be?
It's silly isn't it?
I'm wonderstruck - you drank my drugs, you're not bewitched..." Zeus from the very start, the thunder king Has hated the race of Atreus with a vengeance - MICHAEL'S VOICE (cont'd) His trustiest weapon women's twisted wiles...
I took it with me to the camp, but it got stolen.
The door's locked.
(mad) Would you close the door please?
Oh, SHIT! Where's Robbie?
Where's the thunder?
And me and this other guy we... (getting angry) Where the hell'd you go?
What is it, dead?
Guy's gonna come back... (interrupts him) I don't have time to expl.... (interrupts him) You're busting my chops.
SHUT UP RACHEL!
I CAN'T THINK! (with a vein driven face) YOU ARE FREAKING Okay, (slapping his arms together on top of each other, demonstrating) Put em' up Rache.
Your stupid camera saved your stupid life.
Stop the car!!
Look out! (seeing a telephone pole) Oh, GOD! Are you okay? (screams) AHHHHH!!!! RAY!!! Rachel!! (grabs guy) GET OUT OF THERE!!! (grasping his head in pain) AHHH!!! (through a choking grip) Rachel, get out of the car!
GET OUT OF THE CAR RACHEL!!! (pointing the gun at the people on the roof of the car) GET OFF THE CAR!! GET (continues) GET OFF THE CAR!! Move!! Move!! Where's my son?!?!
You don't need that, Man! Put the gun down, man.
I found a whole case of this shit.
We're beat to shit.
(distinctly angry, but not yelling) You don't have anything to say to her, do you understand?
If you want to talk to somebody, or ask somebody a question, you ask me! (also angry at Ray) What exactly is your plan, Ray?
It's dying.
(to a soldier, during the robot noise) (louder) LOOK AT THE GOD DAMN BIRDS!!! (motions and says) I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!! (pointing) NO SHIELDS!!! (now getting it) (to the soldiers) THE (to the people in the tunnel and Rachel) It's safer in here!
Fuck that.
We've wasted two hours on this shit already.
You've been shot.
(cold shit) You're a U.S. Citizen?
I've got a situation here and -- Get the fuck away from my car.
I'll give you ten gazillion dollars to get the fuck away from me before I start screaming my head off.
What the fuck is he doing?
No. No, that was too easy -- (pacing away --) Wait up -- (after her now --) -- just wait up -- -- get the fuck out of here -- all this money, this crazy offer, I mean give me a fucking break with this, this is -- (stopping because--) Look, I want a ride to Paris.
Shit -- (trying to settle) Can I tell you how much you're freaking me out?
Okay, so you're a victim.
There was a gun.
You were shot.
Who the hell is that?
She's got three arrests.
Hang on.
(kicking him down--) -- who are you?
-- (bearing down) -- what is this about?
You're wrong.
Cutthroat.
Was it the break-in?
What? (from behind them --) What the hell's going on here?
I said, someone came last night -- (big attitude now) Look, this isn't a carnival -- people call and they make an appointment and they follow the rules -- everyone signs in and out -- this is a serious place -- serious work -- it's not just to come in whenever you like -- (like a shot) Shit, we didn't sign in.
So get the hell out of here.
-- you crazy fuck -- you ripped the book!
-- you stupid fucki-- (no chance to finish this, because --) What are you doing?
Jesus fuck, what is this?
xxxxxx Stop where you are.
I was warned but... Treadstone? ...which one are you?... Paris.
What you've destroyed?
Me? (peering at him closely now --) What the hell're you talking about?
It's them damn Shriners who ain't taken that Goddamn sign down yet - those lazy sons-a- bitches...
I tells kem, I tells kem every goddamn year, "Take the Goddamn Freda sign down, you lazy sons-a-bitches!"
(yelling) I'll get kem in a sec.
But we're inside my home now and I've gotta warn you, I'm wearin' my "wife apron" and "mom hat."
He's dead.
Loretta, shut it.
Shut it up, Loretta.
The best damn tapper.
ANNETTE (cont'd) They're makin' a movie, here, goddamn it.
It's front page news when one of kem takes a shit.
Ruined a brand-new pair of Lee Press- ons.
(Beavis with a MN accent) Yah-dude, put another fuckin' book under it.
When I was in New York, I met Greg Louganis at one-a my brothers' shows... What the hell is she trying to say? (yelling) Say it!
Oh, shut up.
Mrs. K-- You're... you're special and... Ah hell, go out there and kick some Leeman ass.
Shut up, yous guys.
Boy, I'd hate to follow that.
Amber, if I die from these fumes, will you be sure to cover the hickies on my neck?
A whole God Damn town of losers!
You piece-a-shit trailer trash!
What is wrong with you?
No. It's pure bullshit, sweetie.
You be bad.
Pretend.
We have enemies.
How rare to find this boat!" "Oh, ignorant one, do not fall asleep now!" Sera, Sera Monastery.
Tell me! Reting Rinpoche has been arrested.
Eliminate you.
He is dead now.
Point One: The Tibetan people shall unite and drive out imperialist aggressive forces from Tibet.
We can no longer meet with the Chinese, they refuse us.
Anti-exploitation.
At this point, the entire digestive system is rendered useless, causing the complete collapse of the lower bowels, accompanied by uncontrollable flatulence...until finally the poor bastard is reduced to a quivering, wasted piece of jelly.
It's deflating!
What the hell's going on up there?
Shit! KRAMER (v.o.)
This is a goddamn waste of time.
(to Elaine) It's a damn good thing he doesn't know how much I hate his guts.
(into microphone) It's a damn good thing you don't know how much he hates your guts.
When Kramer hears about this, the shit's gonna hit the fan.
What the hell's he doing up there?
I was on duty late one night when a badly wounded pilot was brought in from a raid.
For me, it was a living hell.
Dumb question.
Strike that.
Be the swallow... Aaaaaahhhhhhhh!!! Let's BREAK!! Okay, so the firemen landed four out of six inside the target -- How `bout a show tune?! Somebody wanna keep chose bowlers in line.
... I'll be damned.
We should throw a little comet shindig.
Rangers, we need you at the Command Center, L.R.N. !
Our thermionic-sensors have been hit by a CATACLYSMIC surge of evil!
(he explodes furiously) You robbed me of my PRIME!
The Duke of Destruction.
I hate rats!
The power has been destroyed.
You garlic-sucking DINGLEBRAIN!
You're trespassing.
If you do not have the Ninjetti, the power will destroy you.
IVAN (irritated) Simon says SHUT UP!!! Now, as soon as I give the word I want all of you to start digging.
How about the two of you shut Up and pay attention!! What is THAT!
Shut up, squirt.
The bear kicks butt!
(outraged) These brats are ruining Let's TANGO!
We're gonna send this sucker into You call yourself a hell-hound?!
You're mad!
(exploding) Dumb riddles, Merlin.
His was stolen.
This is more of your trickery.
(angry) I should have left you to fend for yourself.
So much anger for such a little crime?
Come witness my revenge.
Drink this the blood of Jesus Christ our Lord.
I am jealous.
Where hides evil, then, in my kingdom?
You will destroy Arthur, and us...
You betray yourself.
Crazy old fool.
We are to blame.
I always get mad when somebody shoots me.
It's enough to drive a person crazy.
If he can build a space ship that can fly to Earth -- and a robot that can destroy our tanks and guns -- what other terrors can he unleash at will? ...Obviously we must find this monster.
We must track him down like a wild animal and destroy him.
(a little annoyed that she hasn't her coat on, he consults his watch) The picture starts at eight-fifty.
(irritated by her opposition) He's a menace to the whole world!
She was giving birth in the fucking car.
If you can't sleep tonight... ... knock on my door, I'm a total insomniac.
But you had more wisdom than to listen to a false prophet There is no wisdom, no insight, no plan (prvb 21:30) And besides, I thought, to hell with it... it's okay if you only married me for my money.
Must be really tough to get your brains fucked out by a CORPSE.
I don't know what pissed you off but it's nice to see you getting the job done for a change.
And the sacrifice of a goat would appease an angry god and ensure a bountiful harvest.
And I know this all sounds a little fucked up.
It's a fucking conspiracy!
And fuck you too.
She wanted you arrested for harassment.
Trevor there are people who are doing exactly what we're doing but they don't need to wear a tie, punch a clock or have some tight assed supervisor breathing down their necks.
You've got to get this fuckin pain to stop.
What do you want?! (wheezing) Who the hell are you talking to?
What the hell is going on?
Then you went and had that fucking car accident.
While you were out fucking your concubines.
And hated you more and more.
Wait... give me a minute.
(irritated) I'll take care of my end.
Your wife told me no one would be killed.
What the hell do you want?
(angry) When are you going to learn?
I did I killed a man.
In God we trust... (he pulls out a bill and points at it) The word's on every bill!!! (slamming the suitcase closed) You keep it up and it won't matter how far we get away, because it's going to be all over between you and me.
Gonna knock down a wall?
What's wrong?
You're crazy.
By the way, you're getting a hell of a car there, mister.
(laughs) Well, I paid a hell of a price.
Tell her you robbed a bank... Are we going to make it?
He was an asshole.
Misunderstood- -OK I'll meet you half way...misunderstood asshole.
Zoey is in the bathroom getting ready for a night of manipulation, sit the fuck down.
(looking at Quinn) I will call the state police in a fucking heart beat if she isn't here by midnight.
Get the fuck out.
He's in the ministry- -and you hate organized religion.
(monotone) I am curious Yellow... What the hell are you talking about?
I shouldn't have been that aggressive.
What the hell?
What the fuck?!?
What's wrong?
What was wrong?
Not everyone needs you! (frustrated) This isn't about me and you- -This is about me and you!
He was a fucking pedophile!
They're planning to kill me.
He's losing it.
Quinn's roommate was Ryan Blood?
Ah fuck.
This whole thing is nuts.
(looking at the boxes) You guys shutting down?
What a fucking nut house!
The employee I was telling you about earlier was instrumental in getting Appleridge Orphanage shut down.
Goddamn Zoey!
Fuck you mother fucker!
I'm going to call the fucking fuzz once you untie me!
Fucking nut bag, ball sac- (like he is talking to a retarded child) I...will...come...rescue...you Ass fuck salad- That actually felt kind of good.
I'll give you your expedition.
Why'd you wait to wake us?
You unhappy too?
That's lightning.
Son of a bitch.
Get your asses back here!
Shit.
I hate these fucking things.
We hate these fucking , Captain.
It's breaking down.
Hell, it's bulletproof.
It's crushing me!
Cut off my - Jesus Christ!
What's wrong?
Stupid and slow.
To destroy their wayward children.
I was disappointed too.
God damn it!
Why waste time with this... Should study tapes of opponent.
They kicked me out... You've had enough.
He's trouble.
If I look half as stupid as you guys do, I'm really in trouble...
I'll tell you about... Shut UP! Blow me! Good night, Li.
Horse stance, kicks and punches... Basics, I told you.
You can get kicked out of the temple for this... Who's going to tell, Li? You? (pointing at girls) Not the giggle girls again!
Are you nuts?
Fight, you coward!
I lost my temper.
A Shaolin never throws a punch or kick in anger.
What if I fail?
(after a beat) Then, it's up to me.
What the heck... What am I going to tell the arhat?
hat are they gonna do - sue me?
(furious) You're finished, Denham!
We gotta delay the shoot - shut production down ... We can't sail tonight!
Call Jack ... I need that Goddamn screenplay!
(angry) You gonna pay for this?
Knock knock!
I told you to lock it up.
She turns ... The First Mate is staggering towards her - there's a knife sticking out of his back!
And ... action!
(urgent) Captain, you don't know where the hell you're going!
(yelling) Wall!
The place is a ruin!
What the hell are you doing?
KONG NGLE ON: ANN suddenly ducks under KONG'S ARM and makes a last NGLE ON: KONG bounds over to ANN, SLAPPING his HANDS on the NGLE ON: ANN BOUNCES UP ... PANTING ... BEADS of SWEAT trickle HUMP! THUMP!
THUMP!
LOSE ON: ANN as the GROUND SHAKES with the fury of his RAGE.
IMMY yells!
KONG's GAZE turns toward the MEN on the LOG! No! Let him go! (to HAYES) Kill him!
The CARNIVORE pauses, as NGLE ON: ANN PEERING around from behind the TREE ... NGLE ON: ANN desperately heads towards the TANGLED ROOT SYSTEM of NGLE ON: ANN ROLLS and SCRAMBLES into a HOLLOW under the ROTTEN he SECOND CARNIVORE turns and FLEES into the JUNGLE, as ANN is NGLE ON: ANN slips down a MUDDY BANK, rolls over a LOG, and AST FEVERED ACTION: A pair of CARNIVOROUS DINOSAURS leap towards LOSE ON: Saliva flies from wild, snapping jaws.
HE TYRANNOSAUR SNARLS at KONG and he ROARS BACK ... KONG THROWS Wait! Carl!!! JACK (cont'd) Jimmy?
Give it up, it's useless ... She's dead.
Hold her! Wait! NGLE ON: KONG starts CRAWLING painfully towards ANN.
ENGLEHORN Leave him alone! he whole world will pay to see this.
Fire! RMORED CARS and MOBILE SEARCHLIGHTS converge on KONG ... ahead of n MOBILE ANTI-AIRCRAFT GUN screeches to a HALT on 34th STREET.
He hates me.
(annoyed) Miriam... Shush.
Damn, man, I give up.
What the hell does that mean?
They're in that fucking thing for forty hours, Gordon.
(surprised, to herself) I'm not signalling... Sing a song of sixpence... (angry, to the heavens) I'm not signalling!
(hoarse) A pocketful of fucking rye.
What's wrong?
I hate a mess.
Liars will be punished.
Shut up, cunt.
Little worm pissed his pants.
I hate a mess.
Don't lie, now... Liars will be punished.
(malevolent) Liar.
It'll only upset him.
He is damned.
You give half your fucking salary to the nursing home your grandmother stays at...
You are Cath- Help me!!! (tears forming, horrified) Fucking FEELS real! (finally speaking) Me god gut you like a dear.
Where the hell are we?
Jesus Christ, man, you look like hell.
Mind telling me what the fuck is happening?
Damn him.
What's wrong?
Enuff?!?! I'll tell you what's enough... Carl! (still speaking as Martin) Shut up cunt.
He's in full arrest.
My wife hates it.
Look out, damn it, I need that antidote!
Aw nuts!
What's wrong with you?
Come here, lady, hold this and shut up please!
(angrily) Short Round, what in the hell are you doing?
Get over here, damn it!
Damn it!
They must be pretty dumb to drink that awful-looking water.
I hate snakes!
You want to make it real, just knock on my door.
Oh no -- oh no!! (studying the bug) You know, Willie, I'll bet he's mad because they were eating his friends for dinner.
Come on -- Damn! Hey -- where are you?! WILLIE (Cont'd) Indiana Jones?! Are you in there?! Yes, we're in here... Indy, I found a -- SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) Indy -- !
Hurry up, we're in trouble!! Willie, help!! Willie, damn it!
GET US GET US OUT! Willie, shut up and listen!
You're gonna get killed chasing after your damn fortune and glory!
Oh hell, where's he going?
Now -- now the evil of Kali take me.
What's wrong with him?
They've stolen the Sankara Stones -- they must be stopped!
Ouch... I'm okay -- I'm fine -- I love to flirt with death... What's that?...Indy?! (frozen in her tracks) Oh... shit... There!
Mola Ram -- you're about to meet Kali -- in Hell! Willie, look!
Where the fuck did you drop Corbett off?
I got your plate number, asshole.
Bastards took off, though, didn't they?
We're on our own, if it's any of your damn business.
Hey, we paid our fuckin' permit fees.
Fuck you, dirtball.
You think those fucks will tell it that way? (ending the argument) We'll get a head start before they go crying to the law.
(to Corbett) Aw, shit.
Fuck you, Mitchell.
Mobile Arctic Dwelling -- MAD.
But carving him up, stranding the others, that's too fucking much.
Snowplow, generator, TV dish... hell, we get the goddamn Playboy Channel!
(kisses him) So shut up and let's eat.
Shit.
How the hell were they smart enough to find us?
Greedy, gut-ripping sons of bitches.
Fuck you.
God almighty, how I hate the U.S. government.
We should pass a hat.
He's full of shit.
Get the fuck out of here.
Fuck a duck!
It'll smoke like hell, but it'll burn green.
(laughs) Where in hell Meyerling dig you up?
You want to fool yourself about that bullshit job, fine.
(beat) Soon as I got here, I realized my job was bullshit.
Large bore's for shit on small game.
You don't mind me saying, Mr. Desmond, you look like hell.
(beat) What do you want from me? Corbett ruined my two-way.
You're out of your greedy goddamn mind.
All I want want is you in jail -- (explaining) He saw you and Corbett come in... Dixie's waiting at the infirmary.
I hate to interrupt playtime, but why the hell are you caught up in a local matter when I gave you express instructions to the contrary?! Cut the shit, Leo.
(angry) You don't care enough about Sam to -- -- Sam Wilder was my cousin.
Look, we pull Ben's ass out of the fire, I'll get you a whole damn crate of Snickers bars.
(insulted) I'm right fuckin' here with you.
(calls out) Choose it, asswipe -- cut Corbett loose, or soon as you come outside, I put a fuckin' bullet through your eye!
Too bad she's the only one small enough to fit through that dumb waiter.
Better drop me first shot, bitch, or I'll rip your fuckin' lungs out.
Where in hell's Wilder?
Trappers killed him.
You're wrong.
Storm.
Shit man.
Hell I know that.
Ah shit.
What's wrong?
Do you want me to cancel lunch today... Shit... What is that?
What's wrong with you?
Same old shit.
Fuckin' Nat put me in charge of frying oysters for that Lions Club supper.
The hell you wanna do that for?
I'm a counselor.
I've been to a counselor.
What's the trouble?
What the hell are you doin'?
Ah shit.
Ah, what the hell?
It's a flood, Charlie.
(angry) You ungrateful shit!
(angry) That wasn't luck, old man.
Jesus H. Christ, Henry, I told you to stay away from the damn window.
That's illegal, Doreen.
You gonna arrest us, Sheriff?
Damn right it's not.
This is my retirement fund, boys, and if any one of you screws up, I swear to God I'll kill you.
You got thirty seconds to get the hell away!
"With a raging flood he makes an end of those who oppose him, and pursues his enemies into darkness."
What the hell's his problem?
What the hell did you hit me with -- a statue?
The bastards who killed my partner.
Charlie and I were just standing there and all hell broke loose.
Holy shit! (on the radio) Sheriff, come in! (pleading) Did you see the stained glass windows, Phil?
Shut up, Wayne.
Get your feet up! Oh, shit!
Now these bastards are gonna want to kill us, too!
What the hell's going on?
Hey, I was the one who got the dumb son-of-a-bitch to come out.
And before you went in, I deputized you, you dumb son-of-a- bitch!
We were gonna hit you just before you got on the Interstate, but then you got stuck so we had to change our plans and take you -- Bullshit.
I hate to interrupt and all, but could we just get the money and get the hell out of here?
And before you think of bullshitting me again, keep in mind I have had a very frustrating night.
Stop! You'll hit Tom! Hold your fire! (to Sheriff) Now, sir, I can imagine you'd love nothing more than to shoot me, but I caution you -- in order to do that, you're gonna have to shoot through young Tom here.
(beat, grins) Damn straight I'm okay with that.
You're gonna kill people?
Shit.
We can get started without him, the dumb shit.
If they're not dead, we got jack shit!
(to Phil) Kill him!
God, I am really beginning to hate fine craftsmanship.
A beat-to-shit 1988 OLDSMOBILE idling in the middle of the lot.
Hurry up and pop the trunk so I can stow my shit.
What the hell are you doing!? Scenic detour.
Who? Asshole who ran us off the road.
Better get used to it, asshole.
What the hell is wrong with you?
What the hell did you think you were doing!?
You're not driving me home because one, you don't live near my home and two, this piece of shit isn't driving anywhere.
Why the hell did you tell me that story anyway?
(pissed) Fine.
GIRL (cont'd) What the hell - !? Hey.
What's wrong?
It was an accident- Shit!
I spent sixty bucks on this gourmet crap you like!
Asshole.
What the hell are you talking about?
Oh shit.
Not unless you have a welding rig in all that shit of yours.
This is crazy!
(forceful) You're having it.
What the hell are you talking about?
The cop's face registers disbelief, then fury, as he realizes the priests aren't going to help him.
There's a SMALL EXPLOSION, and the inside of the car starts filling with FLAMES and black smoke.
HIGHWAY PATROLMAN (cont'd) Goddamn you filthy bastards!
(a beat) Let's get the hell out of here.
I want the bitch to come to me -- I'm the only star in this town.
This is the third time you pulled that shit.
Who the fuck do you think I am?! Jerome!
(screaming) Leave me alone you ape! -- What are you doing to me?! Morris!! Lo-rd..! Such nastiness.
Dammit!
(frustrated) That's what I'm asking you! (more frustrated) It's the password!
Bastard! Hey ... Honey, you still chasing after that fool?
You're really being full of shit.
You always think that we're doing something behind your back.
Wendy... (upset) Shut up, Lisa, please!
(maliciously) The nominees for the best actress are-- -- Fuck it, Wendy -- let's break!
What's this intercourse, shit?
His hair ... Shit ... (softly) I wanted to cheer you up.
You shit!
What the hell are you doing here?
Shit -- it's so rough out here.
You lock the door, baby?
Motherfucker needs a haircut.
Take me home immediately!
Motherfucker, you need a haircut!
You're crazy!
You having trouble?
Straighten up your shit.
Fuck you!
Leave me alone, dammit!
(enraged) Fucker!! Stay still, motherfucker!! Shit!! Stop!! Jellybean, please... Prince drops to his hands and knees exhausted.
Leave her alone.
Where the fuck are you?
Hey ... What the fuck's wrong with you, Prince?! I don't have time for your bullshit, Billy.
My stage is no place for your personal shit!
Life my ass, motherfucker!
The only person who gives a fuck about your music is yourself.
Fuck off!
(a beat) What a fucking waste...like father, like son-- Lay off that!
That was fucked up what you did man.
Motherfucker!
Slayers.
Right... (leaning in) Mr. Castle - how the hell does it work?
She's a good little bitch.
This motherfucker is off the charts.
Shit, can I tell you?
What the hell is that?
KEN CASTLE (cont'd) That's a God damn hoot.
You're bad.
Wanna blow off a little steam?
Fuck him up.
(beat) Damn... WOMAN (O.S.) (cont'd) Gotta go.
So what's your damage?
Don't cry for Castle, he can cover that with the change under his couch cushions... On a personal note - that shit was fucking freaky.
Oh - I literally pissed myself.
Moving on to international headlines... What the hell happened to this one?
That's tripped.
So I have fun... I'm not tied up to anyone... They've got strings But you can see There are no strings on me... HACKMAN (cont'd) You got two whores, Kable... - the fuck did you say?
... shit shit shit! (friendly) Bye Kable.
What the hell...? Turn me loose, kid.
Do shit his way.
I don't know what the hell you're talking about...
Like that guidance system you hacked on three weeks ago lets you track motherfuckers around corners and shit.
To recap: initial reports are that Kable, the most recognizable face of the Slayers phenomenon next to Ken Castle himself - is officially listed as fragged... (bitter) That's bullshit.
TRACE darts nimbly thru traffic and pedestrians, finally ZAGGING up onto the sidewalk and down a side alley... There's an open doorway to the left - NEON SIGN above: adult xxx video novelty toy She CUTS HARD 90 degrees, straight into it, leaving tread on the concrete - through hanging black rubber strip curtains... and STRAIGHT DOWN A NARROW STAIRWELL, taking the stairs She cuts HARD RIGHT at the bottom... ...down a concrete corridor and onto a minimal FREIGHT ELEVATOR - open on the sides... punches the down button, BIKE still idling... KABLE coughs from the fumes... Halfway down there is a SQUARE OPENING in the wall of the elevator shaft - a TUNNEL TO BLACK.
Stop playing that freaky shit off the rail.
Whatever, that's cuz you got no power... HUMANZ DUDE measures a shot, rolling the paddle with one finger - then LETS IT RIP - slamming the GAME WINNER in a STRAIGHT LINE past HUMANZ BROTHER'S frozen paddle - SCORE: 7- HUMANZ DUDE (cont'd) (getting in his face) Huh? What?
You guys suck.
Holy shit.
KABLE grabs HACKMAN with both hands, RIPS HIM OUT OF THE ELEVATOR and SLAMS HIM into a WALL.
The BIG HIT puts a CRATER in the floor and takes out a set of HACKMAN'S toes.
KABLE kicks the SHOTGUN from HACKMAN'S hands and brings up his own WEAPON to close the deal... ... as the GLASS WALLS of the LOBBY EXPLODE.
This thing is FUCKING HUGE... in the DARK it's impossible to tell just how big... hundreds of writhing SOCIETY DUDES, CHICKS and OTHER... DAY-GLO, moving spotlights, strobes... the BUBBLE GIRLS from CRANK make an appearance... along with the DISCOVERY CHANNEL SKATERS from the PARK, now in GOTHED-UP KABLE gathers it all... he takes ANGIE'S arm and begins to wade through the CHAOS... the BLOOD SPATTERS on his face POP in sharp, inverse DAY-GLO, like HARTIGAN'S SCAR in SIN A SKATER GIRL takes a hold of the glowing, smoking barrel of KABLE'S WEAPON and starts to SKATE CIRCLES around him, ring- around-the-rosie... he wrenches it hard, sending her flying into a crowd that goes down like BOWLING PINS.
No... LIGHTNING FLASHES, EXPLOSIONS... a RAVER nearby disintegrates, BLOOD and GUTS a DAY GLO VOLCANO.
DANCERS slip and FALL ON THEIR ASSES in the viscera.
KABLE goes COMMANDO, evading the HUNTERS, ducking under EXPLODING SHIT... he moves to FLANK them...DJ is DECAPITATED by a stray 50 caliber round but LIGHTNING STRIKES FREEZE the ACTION as KABLE engages the BLUES, one by one... he takes out THREE of them with CLOSE RANGE BLASTS and another HAND-TO-HAND-TO-HEADSNAP - then notices more BLUES moving in... too many...
They find CURTAINS, run past freaky CHILL LOUNGES and SMOKE OUT ROOMS... KABLE blows a hole in a locked maintenance door and they duck out of RAVE WORLD into... ...an industrial CONCRETE CORRIDOR... MUFFLED BLASTS, SCREAMING in the REAR SURROUNDS tell KABLE the BLUES are close behind... up more stairs, they SLAM through a SERVICE DOOR and back into... ... blinding DAYLIGHT.
GINA'S not buying this I.T. GUY shit.
Fuck that.
TRACE gives her a glance: dumb bitch.
Castle's project was shut down... but the shit wasn't a total loss: the same technology resurfaced within a year... in a game.
We need that shit, baby: what you saw, what you know.
You ain't gotta tell me shit, Tillman.
A sequence is punched in on a keyboard.
They move their hands in rhythm, synchronized... each one seems to control a DANCER: they TWIRL A FINGER and the SLAYER SPINS... kick with TWO FINGERS FOR LEGS and the SLAYER KICKS like a Suddenly, ON A MUSICAL HIT, everyone - CASTLE, the GEEKS, the SLAYERS - points dramatically up at the wall, where a VIDEO SCREEN BEGINS TO PLAY: it is footage of the GEEK SQUAD busting into humanz headquarters and EFFICIENTLY KILLING EVERYONE.
It's DEAD.
Now shut up! Shut up -- NICK (cont.)
I don't know, but he's one hell of a showman.
Don't tell me some lie you'll have to retract later.
He called you up and asked you for a date?... Shit .
Jack -- I'm warning you.
exposed him.
How come you're wearing that stupid smirk ?
... You're insane !
Heck, they're not such bad guys.
(beat) Now.
Are you going to waste this lovely afternoon being all mad at me? Okay, I'm a sucker.
Crap, crap, crap... Ahhh.
He's bat shit crazy .
Demands .
How 'bout it?
(angry) I didn't ask to have visions.
So now I'm telling you to shut up!
You should see the boils on a diseased man's throat.
He tries to rip out the boil, he bites his hands, tears his veins open with his fingernails and his screams can be heard everywhere.
His world is a Jnsworld, believable only to himself, ridiculous to all including himself, meaningless to Heaven and of no interest to Hell.
That soup of yours has a hell of a stink.
She has had carnal intercourse with the Evil One.
I! A liar! You're an actor too and it's probably your partner who's run off with Plog's old lady.
People also become angry at that, and you know it.
I can get angry, you know that.
But I have such a hell of a temper, you know.
(shakes his head) No. Can't you see him behind your back?
Idiot, your day is short.
You'll have to irritate me a little more to get me as angry as before.
He has only himself to blame.
I shall be silent, but under protest.
Almost felt live! (getting pissed off) Seriously, I don't mean to be an asshole, but surely replacing one satellite cant be that fucking hard!
I haven't been able to have a conversation with my wife... My kid can talk now...! Fuck!
(a beat) That's it.
God, I hate these things.
(then) Damn it.
(a beat) That's it.
(incensed) Why?
Who the fuck is in the rec room, Gerty!?
A beat.
This is fucked up.
Sam 2 slapping down cards.
Im a fucking clone.
A beat.
Fuck!
Sam 2 immediately drops into deep melancholy.
Get the fuck out of my way!
It gives him a hell of a FRIGHT.
(shouting) Who are you!
We had a fight.
He's a maniac.
A beat.
A beat.
Fuck!
A beat.
A beat.
Sam 1 begins to walk left, down towards the Rec Room and the Monitoring Station, but hesitates -- he turns the other way, towards the Infirmary, heads that way instead.
The Robot has been officially SHUT DOWN.
Back on Sam 2 as he RAPIDLY types, makes an error, screams: Fuck! Pounds the delete button, continuing to type coordinates into the Old Man -- He's done!
That stupid monkey banner!
Speak up! EARL BIEGLER, I'VE COME TO GIVE YOU - aw, hell.
Brontosaurus walks into a gay bar... (in unison - impressed) Damn.
And don't come back unless you've got my e-ticket!! Who am I kidding?
Long as you don't look like you're growing one of those stupid little goatees.
Guys, I don't mean to be rude, but I only have eleven hours and fifty-three minutes to... Oh, right.
That's what's waiting for you if you screw up.
You'll screw up on your own.
The chart below is his new chart... Holy shit.
RAT GUARD (o.s.) Heads up! Feeding time!
A fat bastard, but damn quick on his feet.
What in hell is this place?
I hate waking up in the dark.
You're nuts!
Oh shit, the cake!
He stole my e-ticket.
What's wrong?
Choke up!
(makes ineffective gestures) (screaming at SECOND You idiot, you fool.
Four planes in four days...but I guess you kids don't read the newspapers...and what with our people kicking up a shit storm 'bout the flow of heroin from Turkey you got...
You, goddamn you, give me sheet.
With these fucking Turks, soon as the light goes out...
That's the pits.
Why are they... (snorts) Little fuckers are thieves, rapists, pickpockets, murderers, you name it - they do it.
Twenty fucking YEARS, man - YEARS!
This is Turkey, man... (laughs bitterly)) It's a fucking accident here if you're innocent.
The Greeks hate the Turks so much they never send you back.
The lawyer?
What lawyer?
If I could be where you are Billy, I'd be there... Goddamn Jesus!
Oh Jesus! (sobbing) You take good care of my boy, you hear, or I'll have your fucking head, you Turkish bastard!
They bullshit for half an hour and Hamidou finally accepts the "Baksheesh" in return... (continuous) Dope and all kinds of shipments get delivered to Aslan, who re- sells it through his runners.
Open the fucking Gate, you asshole!
(angry) Hey, I your mother!
The more I know of him... ...the more hate him.
Ten dollars for this shit?
Is good! (gets his English wrong) Me good shit.
(Meaning my shit is good) No!
You big shit!
Yeah! Efe big shit.
You asshole!come here boy.
(irritated) What is it with you man, what the hell is it?
But you fuck with me.
You fuck other man before he fuck you.
(grins) And you must fuck last.
What's wrong?
And what is the punishment?
Fuck it, give me the sentence.
I hate you.
I hate your I hate your people.
And I fuck your sons and daughters!
(understanding their Turkish) Omina koyden your sas! (Put your sas in your cunt!) ...And besides that I fuck Allah and I fuck your Muslim mother too...
You got that, shit face?
I told you, I told you you cock- suckers!
Fuck me!
Any fuck-ups we should be back here and have the stones in by dawn.
(struggling.)
(desperate) The fuck are we?
Two thirty.Shit!
What the fuck we gonna do?
Who? Ziat! Shut up!
Goddamn Gastro's killing me.
Your BILLY shirt's on fire... Oh shit!
(giggles) What? (crazily) Cut his fucking throat.
I want to cut his throat.
(grim) Oh shit.
Ziat's lying.
(turns on Billy, in English) You, goddamn you, shut up! (Back to MAX) Take him to the cellar) Get out of here!
He's lying!
That cock-sucker!
I fuck your mother, I fuck your sister... ...I fuck your father, I fuck your brother... ...And I fuck your grandmother and I fuck your pretty girlfriend...
And I fuck you Hi-yes!) Babba sikijam, Hamidu!
I fuck your Mother, I fuck your daughter, I fuck your sons, I fuck your wife!
Fucked-up, Insecure, Neurotic, and Emotional.
Shit.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
It's a stupid move.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Damn.
And Handsome Rob, you're going to be pissed when you see his wheels.
You call him Half-Ear.
And what will you do when you find this piece of shit who killed your cousin?
But now we should stop talking Ukrainian, it's rude to my girl.
Are you making this shit up?
Shit.
You're hurting me.
What is wrong with you?
But you're screwed now.
Shit.
They all have to cross that.
Shutting down the rail as we speak.
If you don't like how I'm driving, get off the damn sidewalk.
What's wrong with you, you stupid- ass, son of a bitch, dickhead... What?
I'll be pulling peanuts out of your asshole -- Shit! Shit!
So jurisdictionally, this is- A God damn nightmare.
Wrong?
CAMERLENGO (cont'd) But who is more ignorant?
We're a fractured and frantic species, moving down of destruction in the name of progress.
We're here... Piazza Barberini... Damn it.
(behind him) Professor, I am asked to escort you to the Vatican immediately.
But I am a sinner.
-- a BLOODCURDLING SCREAM comes from behind the closed doors.
What's wrong?
-- the door bursts open, Swiss Guard pour in, Rocher is shot, You bastard!
-- SMASHES a burning oil lamp at his feet.
(angrily) Damn God! Colon!
And I betrayed you.
I lied.
Shit!
You'll be drinking your own piss...
For the glory of Spain... and Admiral Colon...! Bastard!
Ah, leave him alone.
We set sail for greed.
The voyage is cursed.
What comes out of your is evil.
(irritated) By God! That's the worst trade of my life!
I've got to piss, gold.
Are you saying you refuse to help? (amused) You bastard... you always had your own way... Let me show you something.
They outnumber us by ten! Who will you kill?
What wrong with it?
GORDON waits for them to shut up, but they don't; so he grabs the mike and speaks slowly and distinctly, trying to be heard over the din.
Before he can react, THREE MORE PIGEONS have swooped down at him, PECKING at his head and shoulders in a frenzy.
He backs out of the entry hall, dragging the box before him... FIRES burn in garbage cans.
VICKI fumes.
The vents in the windows are open, and the climate in the room is downright icy as SELINA's wrapped in fur, stroking her pet cat: He's just another rich idiot.
And the CATWOMAN is dragging this insane flirtation out endlessly...
BATMAN'S FOOT slips out from under him -- but he's still got hold of the GRAPPLING GUN.
A TRAFFIC COP marches over -- Awright, what's the problem here?
Is he dead?
One of them glances out the window and sees a man in a topcoat emerging from the brownstone, SUITCASE in hand... Shit -- that's Tiptree!!
What the hell are you -- HEADLIGHTS FLASH ON as the SURVEILLANCE CAR revs its engine.
The doors slide shut behind him -- and the hapless COPS curse under their breath as he rolls off.
Wrong, you old idiot.
FRICK cocks the gun.
Suddenly, an ELBOW smashes through the glass -- a hand reaches inside and fumbles for the lock -- FRICK and FRACK start at the sound of a SECURITY ALARM blaring from the kitchen.
FRACK throws switches frantically, trying to kill the sound.
Maybe we can cinch it down, wear a girdle-- Screw you and this holistic fitness crap!
The shit they pull, huh?
SUCK LINOLEUM, BITCH!!
They love to fuck with us.
(looks at his watch) Hell, it's only 7:30.
They better get me out before I start pissing myself in public.
You watch your fucking mouth!
Wait! Jesus Christ! (swimming back to him) You're fucking crazy, you know that?
The fuck you doin' man?!
You fuckin' crazy?
Johnny fuckin' Utah!
(holding his bleeding nose) Fuck you.
They're punks.
Harp must be fucking desperate if he's listening to you two flakes.
Bodhi always gets some slick place and throws it open to every surf burnout around.
People are expendable to Bodhi.
You furball piece of shit.
They're pulling out a fucking arsenal!
What? (to Cole) I can't hear jack shit over this lawnmower.
My wife'll kill me if I lose the little bastard.
Will you shut the fuck up! Check the windows.
Oh, shit.
Shit!! We're fucked, man.
That fat fuck comes through the door I'm gonna pump him up.
Let's get the fuck out of here!
Oh shit.
What the hell's your problem?
(stabbing the air with the packets) All I wanna know is how are these guys supposed to be holding up Tarzana City National on August 2nd, when they are in Fort-fucking- Lauderdale August 2ND!!!
Aw shit.
Your jacket's on the floor in the bathroom -- this goddamn thing's half out of the pocket... Oh God, it's all part of some case, isn't it?
You tell me the fucking truth Johnny... did your parents really die in a car crash?
Fuck you!! Don't you have a soul?
Goddamn you to hell! Tyler!
I know I fucked up.
I lied to you.
Fuckin' A! Ninety seconds, man, door to door.
On the floor, asshole!
I blow your fucking kneecaps out, you'll be on the floor!! Kick in the ass, ain't it?
Can we just get the goddamn money and get out of here?! That's the spirit!! (to the room) Head's down!
He knows his goddamn rights!
(turns to the other agents) Gimme the goddamn key to these things, Cole.
The guy you killed was an off duty cop!
Duh, open it stupid!
(irritated) OK...
Shit, shit, shit, shit... Can you look up Berry, Terrence Berry... ...Got anything?
Do you mind telling me what the hell you're doing?
What is wrong with you?
Look, you'll see... What are you doing with that gun... Put it down, BEN... PUT IT DOWN RIGHT NOW! Wait, look, you'll see... But...
What's wrong?
Her howling screams.
Damn it... Michael?
The door shuts behind her.
Ben is merely a puppet, a rag doll that she sends flying into the air, only to crash violently against the brick walls... Blood squirts onto the surface of the water.
The creature thrusts itself against him- THE CLASH IS EXTREMELY VIOLENT.
In a swift movement, Ben turns around AND IMPALES "ANNA" ON THE Despite being momentarily immobilised, the demon seems unaffected by the near total destruction of its outer shell.
Ben grabs his son and holds him tightly in his arms for a moment, then pushes him towards the surface- MICHAEL COMES AROUND, COUGHING OUT THE WATER FROM HIS LUNGS.
The burnt mannequins are still standing in the middle of the ruins.
- Eh? What news mates - Heading for where?! higgins We're for hell in a hand-barrow if you ask my opinion slade I'm game.
Damn this wind, Mr. Pullings!
Point your guns... Fire!! Two minutes dead.
That's the devil of it.
That chasing this larger, faster ship, with its long guns, is beginning to smack of pride 'which goeth before destruction'?
That engagement off Recife: his whole gun crew killed and him not a mark on him.
Mutiny?
We shall have rain presently, and if not we shall damned well tow ourselves out of this.
BLAKENEY (angrily) Oh shut up Calamay.
(shouts down to the gun deck) Hold fire Mr Pullings!
Have you written a word of the script?
You're a world class liar, darling, go out there and lie for Italy, lie for Italia.
What the hell's wrong with me?
What's wrong?
Would you be jealous?
It's wrong.
That's death.
For this? Waited tables.
I'm staggered by my own stupidity.
What lie?
(raising herself up further) I couldn't live with it - the absurdity of being you, the effort of having to hide and lie and cheat.
Yeah, nuts.
(frustrated) Why's she so bothered by a stupid nightmare, anyway?
What the hell was she doing there?
(accusingly, to Marge) What the hell was she doing there?
(hotter) But I'd sure would like to know what the hell you were doing shacked up with three other kids in the middle of the night -- especially a delinquent lunatic like Lane.
Apparantly he was crazy jealous.
The door was locked from your side.
Morning, Mr. Lane.
REVERSE.
Shut up and let me in.
Right... (feeling in his pockets) Now where'd I put the key...ANGLE THROUGH THE BARS as NANY, GLEN, LT THOMPSON and GARCIA Rod! Gimme a hand, dammit!
Goddamn loco kid -- he didn't have t'do that -- Madre dios!
I sure as hell hope so.
What the hell are dreams, anyway?
And the other... Where's your mask and gun?
But none could do what had to be done -- Krueger rolling and screaming so loud the whole state could hear -- no one could take your father's gun and kill him good and proper except me .
Have a hold of the sucker when you wake me up.
I am -- My boyfriend...! Locked.
(furious) Give me the key, mother.
Okay, Krueger, you bastard.
How the hell'd you know?
(faint) What the hell did that, Lieutenant?
So I locked him in his room!
Anyways, the door was still locked when we heard the screams.
You're shit.
Come on you son of a bitch -- you won't make it a second time... Alright by me.
I did not ascend to this position by being stupid.
Leave him alone lieutenant... he's cracked.
Damn... damn.
I have food... are you hungry?
It's dead in me.
Damn him.
Kicking?
(to Kicking Bird) Kicking Bird... (to Stands With A Fist) What does he... is he a chief?
Wrong.
Then we would shoot together and run to fight them, drive them into the river and kill so many that they would never trouble us again.
I killed this one.
You killed that one too.
But as Kicking Bird began to speak about what was expected of a Sioux husband, my mind began to swim in a way that shut out everything but her.
You dumb sons a bitches.
He mighta killed you.
But the soldiers hate me now like they hate no other.
I am more than an enemy to them, I am a traitor.
Vincent, you damn fool!
This was an angry killing.
(irritated, glancing to the sample bag) Detective Hugo, it's a simple case of lost and found.
(angry now) Jesus, if I'd known you were going to go belly up on me at the last fucking gasp, I wouldn't have bothered.
(trying hard to convince) Yes... yes ... (picking up a resentment, confused) You're angry-- Why would I be angry?
Shit!
(teasing good-naturedly) You hunt us by day and fuck us by night.
(upset, a strangled protest) Are you trying to kill me?
You think your children would be less human if they were less violent, angry, spiteful?
I beat myself .
(angry) I will prove it to you.
What's wrong with him?
What's wrong?
Wrong?
(peering out) Who is that idiot?
So shut up and dig! Leave him alone!
I've never seen such violence, such bloodthirstiness, such bad manners...I'm the only one that made it!
(telling a joke) What do you call it when 10,000 workers are killed in a tunnel cave- in? (a beat) Who cares?
hate -- you.
That's why you lied and cheated to get near me!
(getting desperate) Z? Z? Wait for me!!!
I tell ya, I'm gettin' sick of bein' yelled at.
Out here, you're not the boss anymore -- out here, you're just -- water droplet from the drowning and screaming for (annoyed) Out here I'm just what?
Who the hell is that ?!!! darkness .
Man...that's so deep... cold cocks him with a right to the jaw.
Turbulence.
(angry) Because...because he's twice the ant that you are.
You "smell" me?
Anyway, I've got to warn the others .
Are you nuts ?
(continuing) Shit!
Asshole was trying to boost my car!
I hate this fuckin' town.
(ignores the question) Shop's gonna tow the car in -- goddamn ignition's trashed.
One cut... two assholes in the hospital... Yep.
You know damn well why I was bumped down to guard duty... (as he's leaving) My outstanding people skills.
I hate this fuckin' town.
Goddamn Limey overpriced piece a shit... Can we give Lisa a ride?
(continuing) Who's the fuckin' gargoyle?
Motherfuckers... (continuing) Latest and greatest.
We'll box him in.
I hate when guys puke!
Asshole was acting like he wanted us to spot him... What the hell are you talking about?
The FBI's top Hostage Negotiator is on the way -- -- Goddamn Negotiator's the last thing we need!
This asshole sound like he was interested in bargaining?
They tap our fucking phones!
If you got a problem, you can take the goddamn rest of the day off.
They say the kidnapping is a U.S. plot to provoke and humiliate them during the Summit.
They're mad as hell he even talked to the Chinese.
And this did happen on his watch... (irritated) There's no way he could've prevented this abduction!
Without giving those Commie little bastards any excuse to shit all over my Summit!
(thru radio) Remember, Pete... we're dealing with a customer with a lot of rage.
(into radio) Our boy's in a fuckin' ice cream truck!
Son of a bitch!
(into radio) Fuck! Okay, stay back.
I'm a goddamn dentist!
(continuing) Go! (to Walther) ...Scrounge us some bodies: National Guard, State Troopers, CHPs, local PD's, meter maids -- -- They're gonna search the whole city in a goddamn hour..?! Look, I don't need you to tell me how fucked we are!
Fuck you!! Every time you're on a case something explodes!
We can piss away ten minutes coptering this shit to our offices in Westwood, or we can use your surveillance equipment.
You're telling me? ...North Koreans have gone ballistic, accusing us of botching the ransom drop on purpose.
(thru video link) Are they out of their fuckin' minds?! What kind of retaliation?
(thru video link) I don't believe I'm hearing this! (beat) So if we know it's coming, we can knock it out of the fuckin' sky!
(thru video link) Shit!
(thru video link) Believe me, the North drops one in my fuckin' city, I'm dropping ten in theirs.
Shit, your average high-school student if they're so inclined.
This is Bobbi Marchfelder, your Eye in the Sky... back to you, Brent... (continuing; furious) Hey, dickhead...
One lane closed!
And I'm one break away from getting out of this stupid fuckin' whirlybird!
You are a supervisor... Lemme talk to your goddamn supervisor...
(into phone) Don't put me on hold... Don't... (pulls phone from his ear) I'm listening to Michael fuckin' Bolton!
Shit's worse than napalm -- Geneva Convention outlawed it for warfare.
(looks around) Where's the Consulate's car? (beat) Uh... apparently it was stolen... Stolen!? What is it with you people -- (angry) -- What's this "you people" shit?
I hate this fuckin' town.
Wasted trip: Witnesses say he was working alone, and he was a vicious son of a bitch.
The bacteria can't survive the heat of an explosion.
(thru speakerbox) He's used to it -- fuckin' Frenchies get the whole summer off.
Shit, he's our best installer.
Everyone's left their goddamn offices already!
And have them narrow their foot- searches to areas around high-rises. (to Dave) Where's that fuckin' address?! I'm still holdin'!
Oh, great, the media... (realizing) It's the goddamn traffic girl!
Traffic person.
This works out, I'll play the fuckin' banjo for you.
(pissed) 'She's got the field experience'... To park the fuckin' car! (pulls out his i.d.) Whoa... FBI..! (continuing) How the hell you get here so fast?
(into radio) Hurry it the hell up.
Shit, there's a familiar word.
Turn the fuckin' camera on!
(while scrolling) The rest are dupes... all from the other guy... Wait... go back... the one at seven this morning... Get down! (continuing) Go..! Get the fuck out of here!
Shit, it's like a Godzilla movie out here!
That's my goddamn car.
Okay? (into radio) Okay... Don't lose the Benz, moron... pull back... show the other copters around us... this is fuckin' great... ...The Colonel hired Javal, made it look like he was working alone.
(to Pilot) Shit! Pull back! (to TV camera) Jesus fuckin' God!!! (beat; smiles) Uh, I think we're gonna set down now.
Get this fuckin' thing in the air!
We're screwed.
(into phone) Then kick the fuckin' door down!
I hate this fucking town... His name was Trevor.
Deny me.
From where??!! Do you believe in hell?
That makes him more than a hundred -- (to Broom) What the hell was that?
(Clay nods) Still angry?
He hates when people stare.
To "fit in."
Robbery.
Damn -- Okay.
Restraining the essence of Sammael, the hell hound, the seed of destruction.
I punched the crap out of that thing that he sent -- ouch!!
Jesus -- Abe -- Moss, what the hell was that?
No, it doesn't make it right, but I stopped that creature, didn't I? That's what you do.
A brute.
What the hell?
So, he thinks that you and I... That's why he's mad at me -- But it's not true, is it?
She's dead.
Hell will hold no surprises for us.
I'll cross over."
The heir to the Red Suit could be so filled with hate.
What are you fucking midgets looking at!? Get back to work!
We have Hanukkah to destroy!
(Yells) It's under the sink by my tampons!
(Angered) So don't show a picture.
(To himself) This is ridiculous!
Shit fool, ain't no thang.
Fuck Christmas.
Shit nigga, ain't no thang.
So what's in the boxes?
Shabat Shalom, motherfuckers.
Damn!
We're on it Hammer.
We gotta bunch of kids... Oh shit!
You fucking ass... Looks like I got a plane to catch.
I'm airsick you asshole!
Where the hell did these reindeer learn to fly?
I was wrong.
What's wrong with him?
Listen motherfucker, I already told you!
Damn!
(under control) Keep your pants on Sixpack.
Fuck the suits, it's the people monitoring them.
SIXPACK(cont'd) That would have been you, DeJesus... SIXPACK(cont'd) Yeah...I was standing next to a guy who blew a suit once in the Indian Ocean...little tiny hole in the fucking toe of his suit ...ocean came in and the pressure crammed his whole fucking body up into his helmet.
Doc!...Help me! Help me! Knock it off, Sixpack!
The One Minute Manager , etc. line his bookshelf with technical manuals on Fuck the suits man...this place is going to kill us first.
A break?
That's what you've got to look forward to... ...And if you're lucky enough to make it back home to your house that looks the fucking same as everyone else's, you'll find your wife's just as fat as she was when you left and the only reason your kids ain't strung out on the drugs they were using when you left is that they've found some new drugs which fuck 'em up even more!...
Cut it, Sixpack.
(miffed) Nothing wrong with this... (over intercom) Fuck you, Sixpack!
You take your money, too seriously, Bo. (sharply) You're damn right I do.
Get out of here, Sixpack.
Let's get shit-faced!
What the hell you play that stupid game for?
(moving into room) Bitch!
This bitch put a goddamn sea monster in my bunk!
All right, Sixpack, you and Williams are gonna pull water duty tomorrow-- (protesting) Bullshit!
You both have a half day...Anymore shit and its a full one.
Damn!
You know it's really crazy to pretend to be drunk, but it's fucking insane to pretend to have a hangover.
You're on your own, Sixpack, you fucked up everybody's day off... Personal effects... (considering a watch) Timex... WILLIE(cont'd) Here's something for you, Cobbie.
Russian, French, Italian, Spanish, Greek, German, a little Hindu, some Serbo Croat and a smattering of Swahili...standard pre-med background... Bullshit.
(scoffingly) You guys are so full of shit... Who's going to use their birthday... (over intercom) (suddenly sitting up) Like I said, that bottle's mine!
Shit! It's water!
Dead?
Well, how the hell does a skin rash kill you in eight hours?! Here.
She'd think I was down here fucking my head off.
But it's a delay!
Sixpack... How is he?
We're simply concerned about her...proximity to... (to Jones) Sixpack's dead.
Mr. Beck, the contract states that no body can be disposed of without authorization of--- Fuck the contract, man!
It's Sixpack!
Motherfucker brings that shit onboard.
I hope his fucking ass rots in the sea and is shit upon by the fish.
One of those chunks of Sixpack!
Oh, shit...He's gone...
And hit the surface in the middle of a typhoon?...No, thank you.
Still bothering you?
Lock the door.
Shit!
You hear me, motherfucker?
(to himself) Martin, you asshole...
Fuck your orders!
Where the hell've you been?
Are you crazy!
Kill me...Kill me!
I've had enough of this shit!
You want meat, motherfucker?
C'mon, motherfucker open up! is suddenly pulled from behind--out of the creature's grasp!
Hello, the guys are waiting!
I can live with thaaaa -- What's your problem, ya fuckin' crack baby?! ...couldn't Keep your dick in check for another month?
Goddamn you, Jorge.
(yells to driver) Ever hear of the Ozone layer, asshole?
Son of a bitch.
That shit went out with New Kids on the Block.
How does a nice mature fuck sound?
Highway to Hell, Highway to Hell.
Let's fucking roll, man!
I told you she'd ruin everything!
Yeah, I hate to love and leave ya, but I've been over this X-Files shit since the sixth season.
Motherfucker.
You buy one fucking ticket in your whole life and win twenty grand?
Damn it!
You see that shit?
That's my fuckin' car right there!
Goddamn it already.
And why are they yelling "pigeons"?
She refuses to leave her son.
It's fucking happening again.
I hoped we'd get there and they'd be okay, that Clear Rivers was full of shit and Evan's death was just a freak accident...
What the hell does that mean?
Where the hell did you find that guy?
What the fuck are you thinking?
I'm thinkin', suck my junk, bee yatch.
You're a fucking warrior.
Damn, is that dogshit?
This is crazy.
Why the hell did I ever get on Route 18 in the first place?
You're nuts.
Fuck.
She's the only one who's dealt with this before, idiot!
Screw this.
She fought them off - she was a fighter - and they killed her.
Call 9- 1-1! Stop it, don't move him!
I can't move my fucking leg! Please get me out of here before it explodes!
Damn it.
So let's go...Where the hell is Rory?! Wait! Get back!
There was screaming...
Yeah, fuck 'em.
Listen to me, Isabella, I need you to stop pushing.
What's wrong?
Get the hell out!
I was dead.
...Thank fuckin' Christ.
Fuck the loofah, let's go.
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Goddamn it!
Fuck you.
Pack your shit.
For crying out loud, chew a few of these... you drunken, fuckin' imbecile!
You know... fuck stick.
He's not gonna say "fuck stick" in front of the children, is he?
What the fuck you doing, "fuck stick" in front of the boss?
Now put on your fuckin' hat and get out there.
I wear this as a fucking fashion thing.
Lollipop Guild, asshole.
Jesus, two year olds flip me shit better'n you.
I'm gonna stick my whole fist up your ass.
I'm an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santa Claus.
Fuck me, Santa!
Fuck me, Santa!
My brother lost an arm fighting you people in Vietnam, so I want you to take a good hard look at this face... ...'cause it's the last fuckin' thing you're gonna see before I knock your head off and sh -- Who is the bitch now, fat man?! Leave Santa alone!
And you're right there to grab his fuckin' balls.
Bye Santa! "Fuck stick"?
Yeah, a big fuckin' fat one.
Bitch, bitch, bitch.
Fuckin' broads.
Oh shit yeah.
...Motherfucker... Oh, you lousy fucking motherfuck... That's just the kinda shit that's gonna get us pinched!
Ah, it's like shooting fish in a barrel -- there's no sport, How many times, you fuck? "The bigger the store, the bigger the take."
(pulling out his keys) You got some nerve you little shit ya!
You shat me out your womb, is that it?
What the fuck is this?! Mind your own fucking business.
You cocksucker! (then, to himself) -- You dumb Dipshit Motherfucker!
Who the fuck's in my room, did you see someone go into my fuckin' room?
Ah fuck.
Fuck me?
Fuck you!
You shat me out your -- You said that last night you stupid fuck!
Ah, shit!
Fuck you!
You are by far the dumbest most pathetic piece of maggot-eaten shit that has ever slid from God's gilded ass!
What if the kid has one of those fucking play-dates they have now?
You fuck her? Jesus!
I fuck one person, I ain't out there serial fornicating, trying to float my liver!
Drinkin' myself silly 'cause I can't stand what a piece of shit I am! What're you, fuckin' Sigmund Sawed- Off Freud?
The shrunken fuckin' shrink?
Yeah, that's right, shit-for-brains, talk about my height.
'Cause you're an emotional fucking cripple.
Your soul is dog shit.
Well... fuck you.
(shouting, food flying out of his mouth) (putting her hands over the Toddler's ears) Are you insane?!! How dare you talk like that in front of a child!
You think you can make my life any worse, you go ahead, be my fucking guest!
Son of a BITCH!
What the... What the fuck did you do? ...Lemme look at it.
What the fuck happened?
Okay now! ...Well fuck.
What the fuck?
The world's fuckin' unfair -- it don't give ya nothing.
Huh? What? ...What the fuck?!
This is pricks ficks.
...Pricks ficks?
Ah, he's a fuckin' moron.
Fuck you.
Fuck you -- you don't like it, next year, fuck off.
You see us hangin' off of fuckin' trees?
'Cause you got no discipline and zero fuckin' initiative.
...I don't know if I can fuck... That's okay.
Who the fuck is Thurman?
(pause, relenting a bit) What do I fuckin' know?
(a beat, then explodes) Jesus Fucking Christ, Kid!
What the fuck is that about?! What's with you anyway?
Look at me, I am living fucking proof that there ain't no Santa Claus!
Oh... (pause, then sincerely to the kid) Look, kicking the shit out of those kids, that's as generous as I can get.
You fuckin' spic!
(sobbing) I pissed my pants!
You son of a bitch!
I'm three fucking feet tall, asshole -- it's a matter of physics!
Bitch, bitch.
Sketch it up, fuckin' moron.
Fuckin' Leonardo da Vinci.
I called you a fuckin' guinea Homo.
From the fifteenth fuckin' century.
Asshole.
There he is... that lousy, leatherfaced, dago motherfucker... Jesus, Mother Mary and Joseph!
What in the name of the holy lord Fuck is the problem now?
Shit!
...Everything I touch turns to shit and dies.
What are you, drinking Sterno now? 'Cause you're sounding like my Aunt Tilly right before she smeared her own shit on the bedroom walls and we had to lock her up and she spent the rest of her life with a shaved head and eating lunch through a tube up her nose... ...You better be in shape by this evening, fat man.
After tonight, I don't give a shit.
...Fuck the fuckin' store dick.
More butt-fucking.
Don't gimme that trite "commercialism" crap.
We get the shit.
Christmas time, we get the shit.
Shit! ...Fuckin' kid!
All three of you are in so much shit it's almost unbelievable.
Fuck me... ...fuck me fuck me fuck me... ...It's Christmas... and the fucking kid is getting his present.
They are gonna make me a sensitivity counselor so that tragedies like this will never again embarrass the whole fucking department.
Meanwhile, I told the cops you had no one to take the fuck care of you, so they set it up with Mrs. Santa's sister watching you till your Dad gets back in one year and three months.
They're supposed to let me out of this hospital room soon so I'll see you when I come over to fuck Mrs. Santa's sister in the Jacuzzi.
How do you make sense of that crap, anyway?
You read the crap!
Oh, shit!
It's too bad.
Fuck! Fuck! Ha... Conrad, sitting on a bench, looks at Dr Berger's office windows on the other side of street, hesitating to go.
Outside, five kids screaming.
(interrupting) - Are you... - What did...
What a dumb name.
I can't make it stop!
It hurts to be mad at him, doesn't it?
When you gonna quit?
Jesus, what have I done to make you so angry with me?
Hate him?
Hell, yes.
But they're dumb, Riley.
Hell, dead folks is near as dumb as me!
This is a fucking massacre.
21 21 22 22 What the fuck?
(Waking) What car?
Didja get fucked?
Cholo stands over the Young Man and stabs him in the head with the poker, jabbing the point all the way through.
The woman SCREAMS again from the kitchen doorway.
You...FUCK!
That was wrong.
Nothing but BRANCHES being slapped by 49 49 What's that?
(Stopping them) Ain't our fight.
And if you don't give it to me, I'm gonna blow you out of your fuckin' ivory tower.
Trouble?
The hell you shooting at?
What the fuck does a Samoan know about hot-wiring cars?
Stolen.
It's a FOREARM!
hit.
What're you, nuts?
He turned me into a goon and then he pissed all over me!
When the smoke clears, I'm gonna roll in, hit the bank, take the money, and pick up any other fancy shit I can get my hands on.
102 102 MANOLETE pulls one of the MACHINE GUNS out of its mount on the T-BIRD.
105 105 CHOLO punches the button again.
With your FUCKING TOY! Riley pushes another button on the "Game Boy".
It grabs the hand that slapped him and BITES it.
He flips it.
146 146 FIREWORKS EXPLODE.
Once again, if you haven't heard, it was announced during halftime that the N.F.L. Players Association will hold a press conference immediately following this game -- that would make it about five o'clock Eastern time -- and it is expected that the players' union will announce a strike effective immediately.
We're coming to your house tonight, and we're gonna fucking kill you!
And if you got a dog, we're gonna kill your fucking dog too!
We'll want to talk to coach now, won't we? (on the phone) What the fuck was that?! (on the phone) I think he slipped.
Bullshit he slipped!
You god damn wimp!
I asked management for a valet or some shit to help me dress and they said no way.
So, fuck 'em! Shut up everybody, here it is...
But, hell... McGINTY ... Wouldn't you rather get hurt than scrape the shit off of other guys' toys?
Not right on me, goddamn it!
You know I don't take that shit.
He's a hell of an athlete.
(pause) Oh, shit.
McGINTY A lot of people are waiting for you to fall on your asses today.
But I don't give a shit if you look funny out there.
Hut! Hut! Hut! What the fuck is this?
Let's kick ass.
That's too bad.
You are gonna run the same god damn play, you are gonna throw the ball to Franklin again and this time, he's gonna score.
McGINTY (V.O.) Don't try to bullshit me, pal.
Shane... Shut up!
McGINTY Stop with the lovefest!
Let's get the goddamn ball back and win this thing!
I'll kick it.
McGINTY What the fuck.
He looks exhausted and pissed.
This is nuts! Lee tries unsuccessfully to get out of the car.
Can a rag tag group of hasbeens and castoffs stand up to what was once called America's team?
And what about the strike itself?
The Dallas Cowboys are waiting out there to kill you.
Suck my dick.
throws the ball as hard as he can at the middle Linebacker and hits him in the crotch.
The guy screams.
Okay, everybody, stick together and don't take any shit.
Shane fakes a throw and keeps the ball for a fifteen- yard gain.
kicks the extra point.
Pacifico kicks the extra point.
Wait! Wait! Watch the fucking paint work.
Famous last fucking words.
She hates moving.
Damn right.
My fucking hand!
You fucking ass-holes.
Who are you calling a fucking ass-hole?
It's this bastard bed that's your fucking problem!Oh Christoh ... Christ What's happening?
He's fucked off.
So we're fucking off too.
(he leans againts the wall) Shit.
So damn stupid.
hated the sight of my own blood.
So lie down.
She's so damn ... English.
What's wrong?
The door's stuck.
My nerves ... are beginning to work again.
And the box?
Is this upsetting you?
Keep your fucking distance.
No. Get the fuck off me.
Fucking have it!
What's wrong?
It's better you see for your- self - Where the hell did you come from?
Damn her.
He was insane, baby: a mad dog.
And the only way you're gonna stop anybody with it is to show it to him, and while he's laughing, you can shove it down his throat.
But I said to myself, Charlie, Charlie, we can move up on this, so go find Nicklaus... He'll be pissed for a moment, but then it'll dawn on him -- -- Hey, I got a better chance of being hit by a bus then moving up.
Eighty-five bucks.
(in Japanese) Go to hell.
Do it, you dumb bastard!
NICK...! Shit... SHIT!! On the ground, man.
I let the wrong guy get hit.
Shit rolls down hill.
I say I got the dreaded thirty six-hour Asian shits from some raw clam and we stretch it into three days.
Shut-up, Charlie.
You going to take this crap off our hands?
If you will please give this to the customs inspector he will expidate -- expedite you.
That's what you said in the last three piss pots.
A ball of fire.
Great balls of fire! (frustrated, to a cabbie) What's the problem here?
Taken off him when he was arrested in New York.
You dislike me.
She disappeared... shit!
While you were hanging out at the visa office, we found the son-of-a- bitch.
The little bastard.
It's illegal, Nick.
What's in the box?
They shoot me, they kill you.
Bullshit, Nick.
I still think you're a bastard.
(matter-of-factly) I'll kill her.
What can we lose?
So I took the bottle, and I threw it against the door.
It must be about a buck and half now.
Because I got this other girl waiting for me out by the hatcheck, and I'll pay you five bucks.
Because that way it looks like she's doing you a favor, insteada we're throwing her out, and it won't be so cruel on her.
It's a curse to be old.
You are an old goat, and she has an Italian temper.
So I am an old garbage bag, put inna street.
(in a furious whisper) Virginia, I don't wanna hear no more about it!
If I get together with a coupla other merchants, make our own supermarket... What about the time she wanted to make an old-fashioned Italian dinner for my brother, but you wouldn't let her!? (with her own temper) Waddaya talking about?!! Once a month you couldn't let her use the kitchen!
You got me mad, that's why.
(angry) Brush her.
...Quit shovin'!
...is he damaged?
...is he deranged?
Gee I'm hungry Everyone's hungry son.
It was dreadful out there....
Mumble?
...Hey, break me off a piec'a dat! ...'Smyturn ta pullimapart ya skanky shit- squirter.
...Yo penguino, bust a move!
...Mumble!
This is an OUTRAGE!
You're hurting him.
The hell with "useful" Those critters'd y turn you into a food item!
You calling me a liar son?
He's calling your grandpappy a liar.
Mumble.
Too loud!
Stop protesting, take the knocks.
No fishing whatsoever...legal, illegal, sanctioned, whatever.
Billy's fucked-- You don't pay his debt - you don't enter.
I killed the Westerner?
He's dead... What?
...Fuck off you cunt, just hand me the fucking key... Well I might be able to arrange something... Don't leave the money there.
There's really no need-- Put it in your fucking pocket.
Is your name Choi Yan Lee? Ask him why he killed my brother.
You killed his brother.
If you don't talk sense I'll cut off your cock and shove it down your throat.
And if he loses?
She hates red.
This is insane.
Mum, stop it, for fuck's sake.
Leave her alone Mum.
All my life I've been running... That's right you cunt, cause you always run away whenever there's a problem... just like you're running away from killing this fucking Angel of whatever - - his name is Chang- Chang?! I should be going now.
Sit down you cunt.
Billy was a fuck up...
But things are going to shit.
She's a fucking bitch.
You're fucked.
Fuck you.
Stop people stealing my cars...
He killed my son.
Revenge.
Break.
What's wrong?
The monsters were angry.
I'm so fucked... We're good mates aren't we? ... Yeah.
First I fuck your mother.
What's wrong with you?
This portion is useless unless combined with the second half -- the true name list that is kept in the CIA station in our Embassy in Prague.
(quietly, to Ethan) What the hell's made you decide to take your leave at the worst possible time?
Can you lose him?
the barrel of a gun is visible, the car explodes and bursts into flames .
pulls him towards him .
Dead.
Would you remove your hat please?
I can fly a helicopter right in through the lobby and set it down inside the vault and it will be a hell of a lot easier than breaking into the God damn CIA.
The question is what does he want now and where does he need to get it and Barnes what the hell is that noise?! Fire alarm, Gene.
I gotta go in there and shut it down!
(fuming) Where is it?
Kittridge... Bastard!
Ethan, I want to reassure you that my first order of business after you come in is to get these ridiculous charges against your family dropped and eliminated completely from their files.
If you're dealing with someone who's crushed, stabbed, shot and detonated five members of his own IMF team, how devastated do you think you're going to make him by marching Ma and Uncle Donald down to the county courthouse?
The son-of-a- bitch!
Kittridge, weill go after that no good son-of-a-bitch, big time!
We take the money.
Those damn Gideons.
Iambic fucking pentameter.
I'm incredibly sensitive about my fucking figure.
Now I'm the laziest damn cat burg--I'm going to take it so straight that I won't tape a Mets game without the expressed written consent of the National Baseball League.
Now that you're born again,what do you wanna do?
God, I'd kill for a damn cappuccino.
What the hell's a Nintendo?
I'm sorr--Goddamn Mario Brothers.
Goddamn Gates.
Goddamn Rutherford Auction House.
Shit, let's roll!
I hate to interrrupt you two lovebirds...
Why did you duck at the auction, asshole?
Scrabble, Knock-knock jokes, Anecdotes about famous dead Italians.... I'll bring my entire repertoire...
Sorry, coach... (shaking his head) If his father wasn't the head of Shit, I hate this, the government's got me farmed out, working for the Mayflower corporation now, money beats politics.
What did you have against Little Eddie, motherfucker?
I'll triscuit you, you space shuttle eating...Shit.! Hey, Mr. Hawk, I got those 72 stamps!
If my Mom knew her daughter assassinated the leader of the anti-Apartheid movement.... Quit bitching, you got the employee of the month plaque for that shit...Ah to be in Pari-is and in love.
I was the Warden?
There's nothing more I hate than failure.
Fuck blue chip stocks!
Fuck T-bills!
Fuck Junk Bonds!
Side--" Geez, this place is a mess... Voila... Side by side, man... What the hell.... You're supposed to be dead!
Blue light, green light, shit!
I'm in fucking Russia, or do I have to say, the fucking Soviet Union and I'm shooting a non-Bolshevick.
I hate a man with a sense of humor.
If you think you're getting past me... Don't be stupid...they... Bastard!
Alfred, the getaway car... Damnit, I hate this!
Why does this have to be so hard... Tell me about it... Take this to Hell with you... My pension..... God-damnit, I only wanted to destroy the world in my own image.
You killed a friend.
How can I resist?
Eureka, motherfuckers!
HAWK'S VOICE (head-set) Minnie, hate to interrupt your orgasm, but.... Me, Anna, and Leonardo just wanna say you got the Midas touch, baby... How.
(voice cracks) It's fucked up.
They're on their own...it's all their deal, anyway, so fuck 'em.
Our office hours are... (Crockett punches three- digit code) (cuts him off) This is Detective Crockett.
As in badness is happening to your deal right fucking now?
(to Crockett) What'd you spot...? Three wakes off the back of those boats.
CROCKETT (cont'd) (goes right up in Yero's face) You want to "know" shit?
Who the fuck are you?
(beat) We'll grab a bite.
I'm fine... GINA (cont'd) (loud) Fuck 'em.
To the limit.
(flip) Okay.
Because I was dumb and angry.
Go do this motherfucker yourself.
(beat) What he means to say is he is reluctant to abandon the penetration of a major narcotrafficking organization... (re: Fujima) Hey, fuck him.
We're the ones doing the death- defying shit?
(to Crockett) You fuckin' better be right...! (low) What is going on...?!
Ten minutes and thirty seconds, website disappears and he can drive his fucking boat up to Iceland... Malaysian registry.
If we were for real, and knew our shit, we'd fade this one... Then you should.
Spare me mini moves, progress reports and bullshit.
(beat) And you can reach out for La Senora in Barranquilla or wherever 'cause I don't give a shit... Proof of life.
That is why I placed myself here, with you, knowing Yero would pull this crap.
They'll kill Gina.
Damn.
Silly man.
Bloody hell... Look at `em, little imps.
Bloody hell... Look at `em, little imps.
He meant it as an insult but to me it's a compliment.
Ridiculous isn't it?
I can boil a bloody egg.
Give `em hell!
So will you please go away and stop bothering me.
This is ridiculous.
Deep breaths -- (no deep breaths) Fumes build up in the fuel tanks.
That way for a complimentary Planter's Punch to get you readjusted.
He got thrown way the hell down into a ditch.
What's wrong?
(annoyed) Yeah.
Hanging by his neck from up there.
What the hell would you call this?
Hell, that's worth three, easy.
Leave her alone.
JULIE (cont'd) I thought Ray and I killed him on the boat, but we didn't and now he's back to finish up the job.
I don't give a crap about you're fisherman.
Yo, Freak Boy -- He's not here.
We got you... Leave him alone.
Oww... It's locked!
KARLA (cont'd) Damn you.
It's hotter than hell.
You've got to quit looking for what isn't there.
Is that you pounding?
Now get the hell out of here and evacuate the area.
(beat) What?
We were awakened at three AM and told to get down here immediately.
We don't have time to dick around here watching you demonstrate your ignorance in the chain of command.
(off her look) As different and frustrating as it's been sometimes, your goddamn strict rationalism and science have saved me a thousand times; have kept me honest and made me whole.
Scully had a violent reaction to a bee sting -- You called 911.
(stopping his walk) I forgive you that.
(beat) You're lying.
Stop the car.
I was ordered to kill Kurtzweil.
Shit -- Scully -- You're not dying on me now -- godammit godammit godammit -- (weakly, pained whisper) Mulder... (continued weak) Had you big time.
You're wrong.
Shut the fuck up and drop the bags now!
I said let `em fuckin' g-g-g-g-- Burton!? What are you doing, Michael?
Burton, you fuckin' know this guy?!
I don't wanna forget how much I hate her guts.
Goddamn it.
Where the hell is Jeep?
(heard this before, pushes past him) Oh whatever, leave me alone.
Cleanin' up the messes she makes while she steps out with every guy around here other than you?! Don't say that about her! She's not like that!
But I was wrong.
What the hell do I need that crap for?
Hello...? (hangs up in frustration) Shit!
(glances over at the Ah, shit.
They're gonna be pissed.
Goddamn phone's out.
What did you just say? (all smiles) I said your fucking baby's gonna burn.
Go to hell, lady.
There's no reason to -- Shut up, you stupid fucking cunt!
Complain!
Complain!
Don't listen to her! Who the hell do you think you are, lady?! Now, I'd like you to apologize to my -- You're all going to fucking die!
(struggles to cock the Fuck!
I'm tryin' to fuckin' help you!
The fuck was that?! What the fuck was that!? How far to the hospital?
They're fuckin' clouds!
What the fuck do they look like?
I don't understand how she was still standin' after Percy hit `er with that goddamn fryin' pan.
Broke her fuckin' neck.
The hell's he doin' with a gun like that?
The hell you need that for?! Well somebody's gotta start prayin'... (raises a bottle of Okay, hold `em steady.
Well, I don't care how long she's been dead, the bitch ain't stayin' in here with us.
Your teeth goddamn it!
I mean, who the hell'd be crazy enough to steal a cop car?
Back off, fella... Now, I don't care if this is the second coming of Jesus fucking Christ, I say it's time for you to either get talkin' or get the hell outta here!
Shut up, mom! Wait.
We gotta go! Fuck it.
Now that we're locked in here, what the fuck are we supposed to do?
Where the hell did they go?
Now you mind explaining what the fuck we're fighting?
You've got to be fuckin' kidding me.
The fuck y'all lookin' at me for?
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Fuck! Bob! (extending his hook) Grab my hand!
Gun! (jamming the gun in her Fuck off! Pull me up! Come on, motherfuckers!
Not anymore... Right and yesterday I was the fuckin' Easter Bunny.
You know, fuck this.
Oh we're fucked.
We are so fucked!
Sons of bitches.
Damn it's cold!
Who the fuck are you to be sweatin' me, man?
Had a thing for guns.
Parents hated him.
My parents hate everything I do.
So fucked up.
It's a fucking trap!
Kyle! Jesus Christ, what the hell is that boy doin'!
Fuck you!
Where the fuck is he?!
What the fuck?
Fuck! (throwing the car in Hang on!
Thank you... Oh, shit!
Get off her, you fucking asshole!
We've gotta lock that door.
Why bother with a child leash?
Say asshole teacher!
I've had bouts of it.
I called her immediately after...the session.
But she deceived you.
This is useless...I have no idea what I'm doing and you just suddenly expect me to... Now you are free.
Too bad.
What's wrong?
Why the fuck would you do that?
You bitch!
What's wrong?
You...what do you want from me? Get away the fuck away from me.
(Deleted) The bull that killed my grandfather... is this an evil omen?
(swallowing; angry) I made my peace gesture... the forms of Kanly have been obeyed.
I didn't know you had so much reason to hate them.
(very angry) The attempt failed... Harkonnen captives have already been taken.
We're wasting time, Sire.
Damn it... Harkonnens.
(yelling at the men) Two men in each of the spotters... You!... over here... run!! (to Paul and Gurney -- yelling over the noise) I can't see him yet but he's very close... -- (out loud to himself as he watches the men scrambling) Damn sloppy -- really damn sloppy.
Such carelessness.
He's dead!
(Deleted) (distorted) House Atreides is ruined.
Drive them into utter submission.
(screaming) Run!
(out loud) Our shared enemy the Harkonnens, are once again in control of Arrakis.
"He who can destroy a thing, controls a thing".
We will kill until no Harkonnen breathes Arrakeen air.
(screaming little adult voice) Harah!
Would they deny me the right to use this mind?... -- (using The Voice) Would they deny me the right to use this voice?... Alia! 226A.
(struggling, speaking) Kill this child!! She's an abomination!! Kill her.
If you are to strike, do it now.
And expendable.
They're degenerates.
There's not a man in there that would give a damn if the Chinese took over.
It was a kick for a while, but it's over.
You're wrong about that.
God, I hate cops.
(groggy) You... pussies... What the hell?
Another damn test?
You bullshitting the wrong guy.
I'm hit!
I'm hit!
Aw shit.
What the hell's going on?
Go! Shit!
I will warn you once: Don't shit in my lawn.
Three, if you had the authority to shoot me you would've done it by now, so just ease up on the machismo, bitch.
Anarchy 99.
Crazy bitch stabbed one of my men in the knee-cap.
Oh no! Jesus Christ! (horrified) What the hell...? That's the guy.
This is insane, man.
We get whatever cars you need.
You've got your chromium knock-out dart, microphone listening dart, explosive dart, even one with a splatter blood packet, whatever you need.
What in the hell...? What's going on, my friend?
(he cocks the hammer) Bullshit!
One of our brothers died in Grozny and we said the hell with this shit.
Politics?
Who's politics?
Go to hell.
So you tell me, who's bullshitting who?
Go to hell! Look at you.
Speaking of people that are full of shit, funny you should mention those guys!
Get the bastard!
They've got a of nerve agent they're gonna unleash.
Dump your gun on the floor.
What's Yorgi got planned with that nerve agent?
Alright, so I was full of shit.
I'm not thrilled with the world, but I'm not gonna let those idiots start killing people.
He's hiding behind the nerve agent!
Where'd the damn truck go?! Go to the water, it's that way! Toadies right behind.
Thought you bought the farm down there, X. Glad as hell to see you.
Watered down champagne punch?
Damn it, John, there was an opportunity out here -- I had to take it -- No matter what it did to our marriage -- ?
This is too nice a suit to ruin, Mr. Takagi.
get on a Goddamn jet to Tokyo and ask the chairman!
'Course I'll be by later to pick you up, have I ever lies to you?
(beat) Because, you ignorant sonofabitch, you'd be dead, too.
I'm gonna kiss your Goddamn dalmatian.
(realizing) Son of a bitch...
Christ, he could fuck this whole thing up...what does he think he's doing?
They've already killed one hostage, and they're fortifying their positions while we're bullshitting!
Report me! Hey, come down here and fucking arrest me!
Officer pinned down by automatic weapon fire at Nakatomi, Century City -- request assistant -- (ETC) (intermixed with all this) -- guys, you want to cut through the red tape?
Add all that up and I don't know what the fuck it means, but these are bad ass preps and they're here to stay.
Hit it again.
Hans, you motherfucker, you've made your point.
We've got to get the fuck out of here!
Geronimo...motherfuckers.
You idiot, it's not the police... (pause) ...It's him.
What the fuck was that?
No, but it's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen doors.
Who the fuck is this?
Well, from up here, it looks like you're in charge of shit, Dwayne.
Listen asshole -- !
(exploding) Asshole?
Get off the Goddamn radio and put Al back on!
(in mid-speech, angry) -- you wouldn't let me kill him when I had the chance -- If you'd listened to me he would be neutralized already!
The guy upstairs who's fucking things up?
(disconnecting) Karl...hunt the little shit down and get those detonators.
* Franco is checking the explosives, Fritz is with him.
Speaking of cows, did you ever hear so much bullshit in your life?
(indignant) T...that's the same Goddamn thing the terrorists said!
Damn!
Shit! (turning, to the Engineer) Cut it again.
It's Christmas Eve, thousands of people -- the Mayor'll scream bloody murder (ignoring Robinson, to the Engineer) We must shut down the building.
How about the United States Fucking Government?
I want you to shut down grid 212.
(dryly) What do we do now, arrest them for not paying their electric bill?
You should've heard your brother scream when I broke his fucking neck... (shouting, to the pilot) Stay low.
I don't know what you did to him, or said to him, or what... but he's really pissed off at you! What did you do?
(after a beat) Okay.
Leave me alone!
C'mon in and shut the door.
Grab him!
(annoyed) Listen, mister, I've got my own money.
Where do they fit in?
Hey! (under his breath) What the hell -- !
Wake -- Jesus Christ!
I'll show you a badge when you open the goddamn door!
Why? He's escaped from the insane asylum.
Hell, I can't remember.
Rage! Blow, you cataracts and hurricanoes, spout till you have drench'd our steeples and drown'd the cocks!"
God, am I hungry!
What's wrong?
Trespasser.
I am doing the honourable thing and returning the money to its rightful owner...
Take the money.
Cock-sure.
He shouted.
Whoever kidnapped Elektra is the same man who killed her father.
We sent 009 down to kill him.
You are wrong, Mr. Bond.
It is a disgrace.
My men will still steal the bomb, and the shot will bring them directly to you.
Who's paying you to destroy the pipeline?
What's wrong with you?
Where it can do the most damage.
You're hurting me.
My executioner.
His kingdom he stole from my mother.
She's insane.
You ruined her.
What are doing, Bond?
This is my nuclear consultant.
That is 5,000 dollars of Beluga ruined!
They've stolen a nuclear device.
(to Zukovsky) You're in this thing up to your neck.
Five more turns and your neck will break.
When he refused I told him I would do it myself.
He killed me the day he refused to pay my ransom.
Bond!
How do you want to die? (re: cigarette) That? (re: gun) Or this? (stunned) James!... (filtered) Flood tanks 4 and 5... Is there another way?
Bond.
Your gift teaches children how to be strong in situations where most adults would piss on themselves.
I am a freak.
You failed me.
Everybody got upset.
I know you're mad.
They got killed.
...Christ break the freaking glass oh no God no what the hell is ...So your dad lives in Pittsburgh with a lady who works in a toll booth.
Words.
Upset words.
Did you ever write any upset words before your father left?
(loud) Are you calling me?
We're going to put on a pretend play.
Who's going to answer mine, you dick.
Angry.
Shut up! Go help your mama wash dishes!
I was throwing at my birds.
Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe.
It's the boy next door throwing at his birds.
He started talking about the old days and he went mad.
You damn right they didn't, especially Emory, my cousin.
What in the hell... It's good to be able to hear that.
It's that nut of yours.
He cannot be that big of a damn fool.
I ought to break your damn neck.
Suzie, I'm hungry.
Did I ever tell you the story about the man who wanted to make his own mind up about heaven and hell?
So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell.
I'm about to come to the punch line.
Can he tolerate it?
Your gun is a .38,
Your prints were on the gun, the bullets, the lamp, her neck, weren't they?
Oh, shit... It's locked.
Shit.
You coulda both been killed.
I know, but hell, he's my partner.
(annoyed) I'll be with you in a minute.
(beat) Well, shit, Sheriff, I'd hate for that to happen... So, I'll be taking over the investigation.
(to assistants) Shut it down.
What the hell is this?
Concussion.
Hit me.
(amazed) Son of a bitch... Running out of daylight, Inspector.
What? (to Renfro) Stop it there.
He stopped me in my car.
(mumbles) Asshole.
You called me an asshole.
Aw, shit...
I hate that word.
Shit, that's okay.
Where're the damn stairs?
Officers - there's a man in the stairwell waving a gun and screaming.
Stop! Open the doors!
(to Renfro) Where is he? (incredulous) Holy shit.
Stay, the hell, out of it.
Kimble stops.
Some people are ranting and raving, "Tell them fuckin' people to get out here and get in this car, I can't-- I want a go!"
Boxes.
It's a cold summer day in Grosse Pointe-- --and I'm ready for some good tunes and angry talk.
(grinning ear-to-ear) Hell, I would've voted for you, but there's all this apple sauce stuck in my phone...
Give me a break.
I joined the working week, you slick fucking asshole, so why don't you valet park your high horse and take it easy on your old buddy, Paul.
Tell them my house exploded.
You're fucking psycho.
Why don't we just do his job then, so we can do our job, and get the fuck out of here.
I told them to kill you and they didn't.
Oh, except for the guy I was sent here to kill.
You're wrong.
Yeah, I couldn't stand that fucking class.
Gonna hit that shit again?
I'm gonna kick your ass!
What the hell happened to you?
All right!! Oh shit... What the fuck is the matter with you?! Well, I was hired to kill you.
They're paying you to kill me?
It was a cost-cutting effort.
Jesus Christ you scared the shit out of me.
(reading from script) "What are you talking about Ricky, the murders were a completely isolated incident".
Jeez.
I ain't into that shit.
Well let's play asshole!
Tyson go to hell!
What the hell are you doing here?
Oh shit.
Has there been another goddamn rewrite?
How the fuck are we supposed to learn our lines when there's a new script every 15 minutes?
It's called, Sarah gets sliced like a fucking pig.
Shit.
Shit.
Fuck! Gale Weathers.
STAB 3 is bullshit.
Fuck, because of your big mouth I'm here, drinking piss water SCOTCH with Second rate fucking celebrities like Jennifer Jollie and yourself!
Dewey, what the hell is she rambling about now?
God damn you Gale Weathers!
And what, I die in STAB 3? (reading script) This is complete bullshit.
Who wrote this piece of crap?
God, what the hell am I getting sidetracked with this shit for?! We've gotta get down to business.
Because of this shit I'll probably never act in a Hollywood film again.
Where the hell are you?
Ok? (pauses) Damn it.
Tom stops in his tracks.
Lying in a pool of blood at his feet You fucker!
Tom screams, backs up into the kitchen.
Shit!
Where the hell are Tom and Angelina?
Screw them.
Do the killers ever knock on the fucking door?
It can be fuckin 'Reservoir Dogs' by the time this thing is through.
But now we have a new suspect in this twisted fucking web . . .
Jesus Christ Sidney, what happened?
Well fuck them.
What the hell are you guys getting at?
The Studio came to me with 'Stab'.
It's only gonna end up with you getting Skewered like a fucking pig.
Fuck! (into phone) Yeah?
She screams, takes off running.
That fucking lunatic is coming!
He killed Kincaid!
(screaming) Jesus Christ Sidney get out of here!
(pissed) This shit is really getting repetitive, you know?
Jesus Christ what happened?
I leave for two seconds to take my kid to the doctor, I come back and it's the fucking WILD BUNCH.
(over the rushing wind) You crazy bastard!
I think you mean crazy bitch.
Damn I hate to fly.
You ask me, your boss is an asshole.
Knox refused to sell.
Chair throwing?
I'd hate to have him kidnapped again.
And lock the door behind me.
Is that so wrong?
She's a former assassin and an all around bitch.
OH SHIT.
Oh, shut up.
Punch up camera three.
Yeah, I sure as hell could.
Revenge?
We have intruders.
(yelling) BOSLEY!
Hate to disagree.
You bitch!
I want to know what the hell is going on.
Jason, please... No, no I'm sick of this shit.
I'm sick of this asshole telling you what you can and can't do.
What the hell is going on?
Oh, shit.
Yeah, I fall for assholes, and you ARE one.
It's still your fault, you arrogant prick!
Somethin' knocked us off-lane.
What the hell are these?
Why should he bother us?
"What the hell is it?"
It's rising as the other suns are My bloody oath.... Three suns?
Fuck.
Now what the bloody hell.... Same crap, different planet, huh? ...I don't play that...I don't play that so just try again.
Three ass-kick suns.
Look, murders aside, Riddick belongs in the Asshole Hall of Fame.
You know, if I owned Hell and this planet...I believe I'd rent this out and live in Hell.
Musta crapped out here, huh?
I know you don't uncrate your emergency ship unless there's a fucking emergency.
Rag it, Riddick.
Why the bloody hell would they lock themselves in like that?
(to Fry) Let's board this up and get the hell gone.
The creed is greed.
When you had enough drugs to knock out a fucking mule-team.
Wanna rag your fat mouth?
'Sides holding it in my fucking face?
I fuckin' knew better.
Stay in the fucking -- We crossed our own tracks.
What the hell are you -- Listen .
Like this is the one that sends you to Hell? Oh, you're a piece of art, Johns.
You were one brave fuck, before.
It's a fucking staircase!
The predator Didn't know who he was fuckin' with.
I Will not leave anyone on this rock with those fucking things, even if it means -- her neck.
(beat) I do.
It's better than shovelling horse shit.
What the hell's the point in me being here otherwise?! Go inside at once.
It's the same order every week, but does anybody bother to check it?
She must be persuaded, by someone she respects, to abandon this ridiculous favoritism before a situation develops.
He gives me a shout and we chase them down towards the loch until Grant has your men up against the stacks and he's shouting and cursing at them, "Why are you poaching on Royal land?!" And one of the little fellas looks up at him and says, "coz we've come up in the world."
You leave her alone, do you hear?!
Don't be an idiot!
She doesn't give a damn about you.
How dare the Irish break with the Anglicans?
Dare say you can be taught.
Get the hell out of here!
Leave her alone!
Assholes.
What's wrong?
He killed him with his father's gun.
What! Jesus fucking...Oh, shit!
But they do know that you go nuts if you don't.
I told you you'd go nuts!
Leave them alone!
The shit's about to hit the fan.
You are crazy.
Shit...
JACOB (cont'd) He's got Gina!
Is it an earthquake?
Stupid bedtime story.
Krueger's power comes from his rage and the souls of children.
You have to find the original source of that rage and use it against him.
JACOB (cont'd) Let's get out of this house.
JACOB (cont'd) Where are the others?
Be honored, bitch.
FREDDY (cont'd) Play time is over, bitch.
Screw you.
We are Guilty.
We throw ourselves at the mercy of the court.No!
Why do you insist on coming to these things?
The guy put the gun to his own head.
Ah shit, neighbor.
(beat) Goddamn Precogs don't miss a beat, do they?
It's way beyond not fair ... (yells) God damn the Precogs.
I really shoot the bastard, huh?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I hate the Precogs, Ed.
And that goddamn lab trying to grow more of them.
That's why I got into this business -- to be hated.
They hated us when we were regular cops.
Now we're Precrime, and they still hate US.
What's wrong?
I hate stomach things.
Why lie about it?
We're not picking up shit.
You fucking his wife?
(beat) Why do I kill Witwer?
He hasn't shown up on one goddamn IdentiScan in three days.
The crazy bastard had his eyes removed.
They don't give a fuck about risk.
(beat) Direct quote from your psychological profile -- the kind of shit I had to know as your former boss.
I fuck whores and I'm orderly, so what?
The one I stole.
Shit.
Hook them up, and flood them with whatever kind of fucking chemicals you have to.
You would need to shut us down, you would have to come.
You bite me, bitch, I'll pull your teeth out.
Wrong.
Recital's over, asshole.
(barely conscious) (annoyed to Wallace) What the hell happened?
(to Deane) I'll tell you one thing - there is no way in hell we should allow any real officers to train in this damn thing.
(annoyed) How much do you think I care?
(a beat) You may not believe this, Parker, What the hell did you have to shoot the busboy for?
(a beat) Anybody ever catch that fucking psycho?
What are you complaining about?
But in my world, the one who gave me life doesn't have the balls to stop a couple of bureaucratic assholes from taking it away.
I would like the following three things in this order: your mouth shut, his cuffs off, and your ass outside the door.
(a beat) What was going through your mind when you killed the busboy?
Of taking out an innocent bystander or two, as long as you got the target... Go to hell.
(backing away fast) Get that fucking thing away from me! (laughing) You're...such a wimp.
(restraining himself) How do you kill it?
I hate to say it, but it is.
(expecting Sheila 3.2) Baby, what I'm gonna do to you... (to Lindenmeyer) Who the hell is this?!
(a beat) See, I'm a good liar.
(recognizing Parker) Son...of...a...bitch.
(slurring) You one of them New Age assholes?
Give it to me! That's better... God, I hate interruptions.
PARKER! (a beat) Shit!
(into radio) Call me whatever you want, asshole.
But I refuse to be upstaged...
What the hell's going on?
(screaming) (yelling) What's wrong, convict, your arms need adjusting?
Dammit!
Sid 6.7 is a hell of a lot worse than Grimes ever was.
Didn't you?! (hysterical) God, you fucking know-it-all!
I was wrong.
The sonofa-bitch is still out there, Parker.
If you're lying, I'll hunt you down and kill you myself.
What's wrong?
Tell her it's Parker Barnes... Barnes, where the hell have you been?! Trying to find out where the bomb is.
Use the fucking army if you need to.
Where the hell are you going?
(laughes loudly) Fuck you bitch.
Tricky bitch, reason you gimme dat turkey loaf is nobody else can eat that shit 'cept me so don't start your game playing with me Junior.
I killed a shit-eating dog.
(VOICE OVER, as he digs) Somebody once wrote Hell is the impossibility of Reason.
I hate it already and it's only been a week.
(the MEN react with wary silence) (eager to elaborate) Yeah, they had claymores strung up in the trees, blew a whole fucking platoon to pieces.
BAAD SHIT.
Shit! Morehouse and Sal are short.
Fu Sheng's going on R&R, you don't want to send their asses out on an ambush.
Fuck you Elias.
We always getting fucked around here.
Damn, 'Lias this gun's boss.
They drove me crazy with their goddamn world, grandma, you know Mom, I don't want to be a white boy on Wall Street, I don't want my whole life to be predetermined by them.
DUMB FUCKER, DUMB FUCKER!
Oh shit, Doc he's hit too.
(weakly) I'm hit ... (to Barnes, pointing at Chris) That dumb fuck didn't blow his claymore!
Gotta learn how to work your shit Taylor.
Shut up! Shut up - and TAKE IT! TAKE THE PAIN!
Doctor said to take it easy (laughes) ... ain't that tough shit now.
(pissed) ... Motherfuckah, motherfuckah, I'm too short to be dealing with this shit!
They keep fucking with us man, no letup ... (equally pissed) Politics man, fuckin' politics.
That O'Neill man got his nose so far up Top's ass he gotta be Pinocchio... Forty-two days man and a wakeup and I'm a gone motherfucker.
(to Chris) How the fuck you get over here man, you look like you educated ... I volunteered.
You volunteered for this shit man?
Neck botherin' you?
No, thanks ... Go on, whatcha gotta lose, yo' here now ... Kills the smell of shit anyway.
... you know that night we got hit ... I ... (ashamed) Fuck it, don't mean nothing, no such thing here as a coward, done your best man, next time y'do better.
Your shit's in the wind troop.
No pain in my neck now.
Shit.
Fuck that.
I fucked this chick in Hawaii man.
Yeah, Dawn ... (listening to the music) Listen to that shit, that's good shit!
(irritated as always) Fuck that redneck noise, dude.
Fuck dat honky shit.
(doesn't understand a word of it) Whaddaya talking shit for man.
Youse so fucked up man.
Sorry ass motherfucker ain't he.
If they had they would have run ... Barnes was at the eye of our rage - and through him, our Captain Ahab - we would set things right again.
Move! (to Harold) Put'em in the pig pen.
La Dai! La Dai! GET THE FUCK OUTTA THERE!
I'm sick of this shit man, I"m sick of this shit!
What about all that fucking rice and the weapons ... who they for?
He hates the NVA but they come when they want and ... He's lying through his teeth!
What's the bitch saying?
(overwhelmed) She's going on, I don't know - why are we shooting the pigs, they're farmers ... they got to make a living, all that crap ... (to Lerner) Tell him he talks or I'm gonna waste more of 'em.
Let's do the whole fucking village.
You Vee Cee ... I caca ado Vee Cee! (pissed) Stay out of this Elias.
You're dead, you're fucking dead Elias!
YOU - you're going to fuckin' jail, buddy, you ain't getting away with this one!!!!!
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, Elias! (goes) Whew! - where that come from?
(smokes) Sheeit, beats burning hutches anyway ... Yeah - stoned's the way to be ... Take her up the ass ... What the fuck you want - she's a dink.
Thataway Sarge, fuckin' Elias man, fuckin' squeal that's what he is, gonna get everybody in the platoon in shit.
Barnes comes from Hell.
Revenge on US.
Love and Hate too busy fighting for possession of my soul.
Yeah, get married to some crazy El Lay bitch, an actress or somethin', she blew all his bread - LSD, gurus, all that California shit, and then she turns him into the cops on a drug rap.
People back in the world just don't give a shit, y'know what I mean, to them you're a fuckin' animal is all - (to Chris) I was home on leave y'know and everybody's just worried 'bout making money, everybody's out for themselves, they don't even want to talk about it man, it's like the fucking Twilight Zone back there - you wouldn't even KNOW there's a war on here.
Then I'se gonna FUCK and SUCK Sandy Bell till I sore all over and can't fuck no more, and den I'se gonna SLEEP for DAYS, for WEEKS!
Don't drink that asshole.
Ambush!
Fucking incoming!
Shit they got RPG's on our ass.
Fucking ambush - they was waiting for us to break trail!
Goddamit, you assholes get fucking' firepower out there! (to Hoyt on radio) Get Two Bravo up here.
Look for a fuckin' target!
Should be here in two zero mikes if'n they don' hit any shit.
Fuckin' A! Lootenant, they're kickin our ass, they know we're gonna bring heavy shit on 'em pretty soon so they're gonna get in tight under the arty.
Lemme take some men and roll up that flank .. (pointing) I can work right up on 'em ... (to Ace) Get me Barnes ... I don't know 'Lias, we got four down up there, if I split you off, we ... Look, Lootenant ... (yelling at Wolfe and Ace) Where the fuck is red platoon!
Tell 'em to get their asses up here!
What the fuck you doin' back here Elias?
Round up your assholes and move 'em up front, we're getting chopped to shit.
We'll shoot each other to shit, then they'll hit us with everything they got.
It'll be a massacre!
Maybe but I seen it happen at Ia Drang in '66, First Cavalry and they cut us to fuckin' pieces!
Don't tell me how to fight this fucking war, 'Lias, you go crying to fucking brigade on your time.
Arty's on the way! (hurrying back to the front) Get that asshole O'Neill up here willya!
They fuckin' got Fu Sheng!
That fuckin' idiot!
YOU IGNORANT ASSHOLE! - What the fuck coordinates you giving!
You killed a bunch of people with that fucked up fire mission!
... ah shit!
I say again, check your fuckin' fire! ... From Registration point, add one five zero, left five zero, fire for effect!
I was wrong.
You pussies gotta smoke this shit so's you can hide from reality? ... (smokes again) Me I don't need that shit.
'Lias he was full of shit, 'Lias was a crusader - I got no fight with a man does what he's told but when he don't, the machine breaks down, and when the machine breaks down, WE break down ... and I ain't gonna allow that.
Get that mother, babe, go ... Kick his ass, kill that cocksucker!!! You'll do dinky dau in Long Binh Barnes.
They found maps on 'em, man - got a friend at Battalion says they had every fuckin' foxhole here fixed on it.
I shit you not.
Shit, so what the fuck are we doing here?
I heard we's in Cambodia right fuckin' NOW.
I don't want to hear about it 'cause to tell you the truth, I don't give a shit okay ... I just don't give a shit anymore.
Ten days and a wakeup and I'm still dealing wid this shit - fuckin' etcetera and ad infinitum man ... (noticiing Chris' silence) What's the matter wid you? ... How come you ain't writing no more?
(shifts, uncomfortable) You been smoking too much shit babe.
Takes a man down ... I remember when you first come out to the bush, you was straight as a ... Who gives a shit!
We just don't add up to dry shit.
Oh shit, superlifer!
(speechless) You jokin' me man? ... shit, you ain't kidding!
(dances) Collect your shit and move out King.
Soviet shit, T- 34's ... (pause) Hey Rodriguez, don't you ever say nothing?
(a thick Mexican accent) What do you want me to say, it's all the same ol' shit.
They're right on my ass and they ain't stoppin' for shit! Taylor, let's di-di man!
Where's that goddamn air strike, you bet your ass if we were the First Cav they'd be here now.
Move your fucking ass.
Fuck this shit!
(yelling after him) Get back here you gutless shit ... Diiiiikaaeeeeeee!
Six! Yeah! Send traffic or clear this goddamn net! We've been overrun Captain, we're pulling back.
Over! (furious voice) Bravo Two, Six! Goddamit where the hell you plannin' to pull back to!
Out! You're an asshole Lieutenant, you know that.
Hang tough, Bravo Six we are coming cocked for treetops.
Go on ... Fuck you in hell ... (to Dog) Bozo! Get back here!
Fuck yeah.
They all left me, bunch of fuckin' Man, you gonna get yoself a silver star.
Fuck the silver star.
How 'bout you?
(annoyed) I told him to send batteries.
Oh shit.
Why do you hate him so much?
Selfish.
And more than a little bit nuts.
I've warned you not to talk about my family!
Yeah... Then a rat stole my lunch.
Do you hate me that much!?
What's wrong with him?
(to Clyde) Now you're on the job?! What the hell were you doin' last night?! Come on, Mike.
(looks down) I pissed myself?! Damn, bee-otch!
Dude, did you piss in your pants?
Bret pissed his pants!
Stab it in the abdomen!
We need to warn people.
Open this goddamn door!
Mom! Hurry up! Shut the other entrances!
You aren't going to arrest me for this are you?
What the hell?
We're wasting time.
She's going into arrest.
Am I... dead?
I hate spiders.
Oh shit.
Hurry, Mom! Throw the switch!
Let's get the fuck out of here!
So why didn't you?! Oh, because it was a stupid dream.
The Furious Five!
The Furious Five! Warriors prepare!
Stop! Stop!
I lied.
What?? What??? Stop! Wait!
We have failed you.
Wrong!
And this ridiculous belly.
The Furious Five.
Upset?
So why are you upset?
And the Five... man, you should have seen them, they totally hate me.
Outraged, Tai Lung laid waste to the valley.
Who? Tai Lung?
You must protect the villagers from Tai Lung's rage.
I will fight him.
But Shifu, he'll kill you.
Did I scare him off?
This battle is between you and me.
Lightning!
Fucking got off the wrong stop and had to hoof it from 79th.
A loud CRASHING sound snaps her out of it.
Beth scoffs as she slams the door behind her.
Fuck you.
Erica grabs the whole cake and heads towards the trash.
They're fake.
The corps dancer whispers into the ballet mistress' ear.
Stop being so damn weak!
SMASHING into the wall.
Furious, Nina heads towards the soloists' dressing room.
What's wrong?
We leaving it alone?
Erica shuts the door.
You're lying.
I can't?! I'm the fucking swan queen!
I already asked Lily- Fuck.
Lily takes off, furious.
What the fuck?
Away from light steals home my heavy son And private in his chamber pens himself, Shuts up his windows, locks fair daylight out And makes himself an artificial night.
Why, Romeo, art thou mad?
(slapping Tybalt viciously) What, goodman boy!
My only love, sprung from my only hate.
(very angry) For doting, not for loving, pupil mine.
These violent delights have violent ends!
O calm, dishonourable, vile submission!
Mercy but murders, pardoning those that kill.
Will you speak well of him that killed your cousin?
As if that name, Shot from the deadly level of a gun, Did murder her, as that name's cursed hand murdered her kinsman!
Give me the light - I do beseech you... Do not interrupt me in my course or By heaven I will tear thee joint by And strew this hungry churchyard with thy limbs!
See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, That heaven finds means to kill your joys with love; And I, for winking at your discords too, Have lost a brace of kinsmen.
Yo this camera is a piece of shit.
Bryce, gimme my camera back- Fuck you Andrew, shut up.
This camera's a piece of shit.
Hey nice camera bitch, gimme your fuckin camera!
Hey fuck off, you better run to your house, bitch.
Run to your house and lock the door.
The fuck, fuck you faggot- I'm uploading what I shot today...you have to keep a back-up, you know.
When I say open this door, you open this fucking door.
I should break your fucking nose, you know that?
Fuck you.
(loud, sudden) Are you Andrew?
I'm gonna go into politics, which is ironic because I'm soooo fucking high right now- probably shouldn't be letting you videotape this- I'm gonna be so rich when you're president, you have no idea- Yeah, video footage of me luring you into the woods for gay sex- wait, hey- HEY, MATT, IS THIS IT? Down here!
Ah, shit.
Ha! (notices his bloody nose) Shit, shit- Try to imagine that your squeezing the entire piece in your hand.
Because we're his mistress.
So how do you pay for your shit?
You've got a lot of- You're an asshole.
That was fucking great.
He's fucking with us.
...I...what... What the fuck did you do, man, what the fuck- I didn't mean to, I didn't- Fuck! SHIT!
What's wrong with you, look at this, fuck!
If he's in there we have to get him out- Guys, just calm down, I'm sorry, okay- Fuck that, take your fucking camera.
I don't see how you guys can be so angry- You don't see how we can be angry?
You put a man in the hospital, you hurt somebody- He was being an asshole- he- I didn't mean to- Which part of that do you mean, do you mean he was being an asshole, or was it an accident?
Rule #2, you can't use it when you're angry- You can't just declare rules, you're not- I will fucking declare rules, okay?
Answer the fucking phone!
Are you still mad at me?
I said you're an idiot!
I can't hear a damn thing you're saying!
Andrew, you saved my fucking life!
(laughing) What the hell, what the hell- This is what people have wanted forever, since like caveman times!
Do you understand, I mean do you- jesus christ, I can't even- Everything is fucking great!
Fuck you, pig.
I mean you talk about philosophy and shit all the time, but you never really do anything.
Shit man, I got my mom's birthday, I gotta go.
So? Hell yeah, dude.
She'd freak out.
I don't know what you mean- Don't bullshit me idiot.
You leave the house, and who the fuck is giving you rides to school?
You fuck everything up.
Put that fucking camera away- (grumbling) Fuck...the stupid... ...s'fuckin awesome... Yes! Fuck yes!
Just amazing dude- You really think so- Are you fucking kidding, I've never seen a reaction like that in the auditorium, you guys- it was fucking like- it shook the building.
-think you can fucking use me, you're abusive, you're a fucking user little piece of shit.
Just you fucking being a drunk mess, spending my money, drinking with your fucking friends- I didn't spend any of your money, Cause I don't have any fucking money to spend, it all goes to school for you, for medication for your mother- School doesn't cost any money, I go to public school you idiot- -now we can't afford your mother's pain meds anymore, up there screaming- did you just- what THE (clutching his face) You asshole, you fucking crazy asshole- I can't- can't move- Where's Matt?
I'm filming the storm, no one's ever filmed a storm like this up close bef- No, we're getting the fuck down, now.
This is fucking crazy, Andrew- what- what happened to your face?
...My dad- Your dad fucking beat the shit out you! Come on, we'll go to the cops, let's get out of here.
This is not the way you handle it, we'll go together, let's go, he can't do that- You don't give a shit, stop acting like you care!
I don't fucking care!? You're my best friend, idiot!
I hang out with you and Matt practically every fucking day!
(long beat) I'm an idiot.
I was upset.
I don't believe you, I want you to- put the fucking camera down.
Put it down- put it down, Andrew, please- put it down, turn it off, put the fucking- (breaking down a little) What did you do, Andrew?
You are about to get fucking stomped, you know that right?
Come to my house, it's late, I don't see any fucking police officers or some shit, I don't know what you you think you're doing throwing shit at my house- No, wait, what the fuck.
What the fuck are you dressed up like that for.
I got a gat too bitch- (firing the finger gun) Bang.
Shit.
I want you to stop this bullshit right now.
Do you know how much this shit is going to cost me?
You just don't give a fuck, you've got your fucking morphine, don't you.
I'm not buying this shit, you can't just play this off like a fucking (slap) Game, this is real.
You really fucked me, me and your mother you know that, you little (slap) Shit.
Goddamn it, goddamn it!-
He's fucking dead man, you saw- oh shit oh shit- (agonized, crying) No one's gonna help me...No one's gonna help me now... Please man, please, I don't know you man- (mumbled) What type of camera is that?
(breaking down) What?
Oh shit, look at him.
Andrew blasts the OH SHIT! Oh jesus christ!
And here we have the fair Melissa, time clerk extraordinaire... (shaking her head no) Oh, Alex. Am I going to have to put up with your crap for another entire summer?
Big Dick Big Dick!
Beats that stupid t-shirt, huh? (unhappy, stressed) Alex!
(still mad) Humph.
Page 33 of 81 (speaking Hawaiian) Stupid Pigeons.
On break?
Listen, Grandma...I need you to send me a few of my things... (angry) ....why you wouldn't believe the things I've heard.
What the hell you doin' down here?
Page 78 of 81 (disbelief) You did WHAT?
The stones are there.
Where are the stones?
That bitch.
I'll leave you alone.
Earthquake.
Whose shit we stealing, anyway?
Pow.
Shit.
The stones.
I hate sunshine.
The stones?
'Shut down.' Sleepy- time.
I gotta go fuck over a guy who fucked me over.
The one who took on my guy... Who the fuck are you, man?
Everybody think I'm the fucking Goodwill or something...? Look, I've had a shitty night, and so far, I got zip for all my troubles.
So I don't know who the fuck you are, and I don't care.
That shit ain't gonna do it, biggie.
Man, what the hell's up with these fucking stones?
So I threw in the towel.
(beat; then) And now that I'm truly fucked -- what the hell are you, anyway?
Great... Where'd you get that piece of shit?
You shut up! Go to sleep!
Bitch brought it in.
Only smart thing was not pimping her yourself, 'cause then I'da been real sore-angry, and you'da both been real cold-dead...
Stealing what don't belong to you.
Let me cut one of these motherfuckers.
I thought Chinese people were all mystical and shit.
What the hell you doing?
Y'know, in their luggage and shit.
Why would I be fucking with you?
But if you don't fight, they're gonna toss us out on our asses.
Where the hell is he? (then) Everyone stay put.
... What the hell happened?
He can just fucking let her go... ... What the hell am I gonna do? ... We need to go.
I hate kids.
What the hell you talking about?
What are these stones?
Why bother?
So tell me... How the hell's Taiwan fit into all this?
He killed the others.
Punch it.
They'll be destroyed.
VAL (cont'd) You dumb shit. he hasn't accom- You didn't cook breakfast?
Hell you did.
Three hundred head going hell-bent for the horizon.
EARL (cont'd) Ow! God damn!
Whatever the hell we are, we should quit and go get ourselves some real employment.
Damn it, Valentine, you never plan ahead.
Who the hell's that?
Damn it, Val!
Damn straight!
Last time we hit that goddamn pothole!
Last time down this damn twisty road!
You're full of shit.
Well, shit, we can't leave him up there.
I'm coming to get you...You damn fool, you owe me on this one... VAL (cont'd) What the hell... Real sorry to bother you, Megan, but we figured since Jim's a doctor... No, it's fine.
What the hell you doing back already?
Tore the damn thing in half.
Damn right fifteen.
Damn right.
JIM (cont'd) Damn that thing!
Screw you.
We killed the bastard!
Hey, hey, shut up!
Prairie dog burrow... Little sons of bitches.
Fuck you, too.
Son of a bitch!
Son of a god damned bitch!
You know, I hate to be crude, but I'm gonna have to take care of some business here.
I'm gonna kick his ass!
Man, you gut a gun?! Big as a house!
Run like screaming fuck! (whispers) Pardon my French.
Quiet you hateful thing...! Shut it up!
Shut the little bastard up! Chuck him out the door!
Gotta get the bastards!
(hopeless) Man, what the hell can we do to those things?
Those damn things can't wait around forever.
Son of a bitch!
Son of a bitch!
Hey! What's going on, man?! What the hell you doing up there...?! Melvin, shut the hell up! Nancy!
They can come through the floor!
We're in deep shit over here.
Knock it off, Burt!
You and Val, man! What?!! Since when the hell's every goddamn thing up to us?! (flatly) You guys do all the odd jobs.
We don't have a hell of a lot of time here.
There must be some way! (shouts, angry) Like what ?! There's nothing left that'll make it to the mountains!
We need a helicopter is what we need, or a goddamn tank... Wait a minute...the Cat.
It's slower than hell.
Fuck you!
We're gonna save our asses here!
EARL (cont'd) You goddamn suicidal son of a bitch!
Damn right I do.
Well, what is you throw one that way, the way we want to go... (points toward rocks) Then, when the explosion happens... if it drives them away again...we all run like goddamn bastards!
Burt, you bastard!
You asshole!
You two jackasses hauled us way the hell out here...!?
What the hell is that, anyway?
Use the fucking bomb!
You are so full of shit... Oh yeah?
I'd goddamn worship her.
Who the hell knows what'll happen?
Removed their hats.
So that we become nothing less than a beacon to the world..." Bloody hell!
You owe me.
And expose them to the media?
Yet ours only make them hate us.
CHARLES (cont'd) Why do they hate us so much?
Visibly irritated by Why don't you go on without me?
resently the PEN stops.
Revolution.
And they think we're mad?
Stick to your guns.
Damaging them?
Bloody madness!
The EQUERRY knocks.
Madness?
(angry, frightened) Who are you?
That's blasphemy!
No longer pathetic and useless Victor.
(slaps them on the bed) Why don't you open them?
Why are you shouting?
You're wrong.
My nerves got the better of me.
Your words.
My words.
He was mad, poor devil.
What the hell's wrong with your job?
(annoyed by the errant tee shot) Sonofabitch.
That's the fucking problem, Marlon.
It's not gonna be his, you idiot.
(irritated at her subtle dismissiveness) What do you want?
(frustrated, raving) Everywhere, disguised... Truman, they're going to fill your head with lies.
Leave her alone!
(distracted) In on what?
You're gonna get both our asses fired.
(irritated) Make sense, Truman.
Where the hell have you been, Burbank?
What the hell's going on?
Was I away that day?! (hysterical) I'm talking to you! Who am I?! (taken aback by the sudden violent act) You better get outta here or I'm calling Security.
Is the battle won?
While I have been fighting, Rome has grown mad and corpulent and diseased.
Are you a soldier?
Will you make a speech on the Senate floor denouncing my brother?
Damn you and damn the rotation!
That vexes me.
He cheats.
It doesn't take courage to kill.
But he insists that the Senate be present.
You pox-ridden bastard -- !
Cleaning up the lion shit!
He was betrayed!
We were betrayed.
You could've heard about her coughing up blood in a shit box with no heat.
This bout is scheduled for three five-minute rounds, and when the action begins your referee is Mr. Rick Fike.
You've been lying to me?
I mean this is a serious--shit, he's here.
How the hell are we gonna pay for an attorney?
You're gonna put yourself through this over and over, for five hundred bucks a pop?
Cock-a- doodle-doo.
Damn dude, that's brutal.
Who's "Mad Dog" Grimes?
Shit, Bradford.
I'm a piece of shit.
Shit, Tommy.
What the hell did I know?
You won't forgive me, but you'll forgive Pop? Shit.
You're full of shit.
He's got a Kimura locked in.
Mad Dog said he had a message for Tommy Riordan and there it is right there.
I know that other thing's bothering the hell out of you, but I'm proud of you.
Mad Dog Grimes has been poleaxed.
I'll tell you what: you do that to someone on the street and they'd lock you up and throw away the key!
You tell me, `cause if we're not, I'll throw in the towel right now.
What do I owe you ?
This is torture for me.
You cut me off.
You lied to me !
Excuse me, can you tell me where the biography section is ?
Where the hell have you been ?
I hate that.
A second... Fucking bitch !
Especially when it was his fault.
And she lies.
And she stole a letter that Sam wrote me.
Fucking bitch !
Then he tried to beat the shit out of me because I wanted to tell you.
Shit !
MITCHELL (voice over) What the fuck is going on here ?
HEDRA (yelling) Allie ?
Hit me.
I'm gonna let that fuckin' hard-on come up here and act like a big shot.
I don't care about Jesus Christ on the fuckin' cross.
Should I hit it?
(joking) You want me to speak English -- Fuck you.
The fuckin' papers are full of Robinson and nothing on Jake -- and Jake knocked him clear outa the ring in Detroit.
You're makin' us look stupid.
You hit me here.
(angry) They robbed us!
Those fuckin' judges -- What the fuck fight were they watching?
Decision Robinson, my fuckin' ass!
What did I do wrong?
You won and was robbed!
I'm gonna kill him.
That fuckin' jig's gonna wish he never came outa the jungle.
What the fuck are you doin'?
What's the matter with you, you motherfucker?
What the fuck they want?
I made an asshole of myself in the fuckin' Garden!
"'Oh, beware, my lord, of jealousy.
That speech is about jealousy -- jealousy's a bad thing.
Jealousy bothers a lot of guys... take me...
You know, he used to steal little things when we was growin' up.
But he was particular... only stole things that begin with an 'a' -- a watch, a car, a suit, a ring...
But I was wrong...
A psychiatrist once told me, "When you hit your brother you're really hittin' your mother, but you can't admit it to yourself."
Tryin' to get this fuckin' TV to work.
(to Joey) What's that kissing on the mouth shit?
Will you stop worryin' about that shit?
Did Salvy fuck Vickie?
Now, he thinks who the fuck he is.
With two minutes to go in the final round, the champion, the mighty Bull from the Bronx, is just simply taking punch after punch from the challenger.
LaMotta comes in for a brutal body combinaticn: one, two, three, four punches.
But the fight is over.
Well, if there's somebody listenin', their mother's a fuckin' whore who takes it in the ass.
A psychiatrist once told me, "When you hit your brother you're really hittin' your mother but you can't admit it to yourself."
Fuck 'em.
Then I got as stupid as him.
I said, "If I'm Champ Pimp... how 'bout givin' me the money you made last night?"! Then another screw comes over and says, "This Yankee creep givin' you trouble?" -- What kind of trouble?
I just want to serve my time and get the hell out of here as soon as I can."
What the fuck do they want from me?
He's got a warrant to arrest you!
They were the ones who arrested you!
(Pushing it aside) Never heard of anything so ridiculous.
I would like to address all former officers, enlisted men, Wacs and nurses who were under the command of General Tom Waverly -- Ow! Ow! It's broken in two or three places!
You are wrong!
Then what the hell are you waiting for?
Traffic was piling up.
I don't give a flyin' goddamn!
I get phobic sitting in traffic.
Damn straight, cause you won't be in the car!
Ferris You're wasting time here.
Randy Bullshit.
Randy And who the hell are you?
My guy's got a flashlight.
This is ridiculous.
You're damn right you'll pay!
What's wrong?
Women hate good-looking men.
Snapback TO: You lying bitch!
You betrayed me!
Throw everybody into it!
Guy Yeah... Guy No, the jet's not sold...I'm here with him now...Of course, he's pissed...I can ask.
Oh shit.
He'll be out there, and he'll be our enemy.
He's on this floor!...Shit!
And the dogs are useless.
We're moving her. Sit there and shut up.
(not listening) Where the hell did she get the scissors?
We don't have time to waste.
Ya miss fucking her, Harold?
Speck guns the Buick.
So what the hell is he doing in Wichita Falls, Texas...? EIGHT AGENTS, in cubicles, with a ring of outer offices.
(fuck yes) No, Sir.
Holy Hell.
They come to a stop at that Bonneville, stripped down to its primer.
Before them lies a body, stripped to the waist: a chunky middle-aged MAN.
She sighs, aloud: "I know that already, Asshole."
Charlton, frustrated, SHOVES THOSE AUTOPSY PHOTOS ASIDE.
Mackelway knocks at a door.
Fuck it.
Throws one open.
Fuck.
He slams it shut, looks to those cans of food, stacked on shelves.
Shuts the storm- cellar door.
Shit.
Takes out his gun, uses the butt-end to bust the lock off.
Throws it open.
LIGHTNING rages outside.
Shit.
He grabs it.
It's a beast.
Holy shit... Vic's rig pulls out.
But we can see that Vic is yelling at him: "Shut up!"
Their eyes lock - until Zero throws his rig into gear again and begins to rumble down the street.
(re: burn) Fuck! Cuffs are unlocked now.
But when this cat fucks her, it hurts.
What the fuck do you know about it anyway?
You're still listening to Jerry-fucking-Vale.
Give me this fucking thing.
What the fuck do you think you're doin?
I'm sick of fuckin hearin it Joe, I'll give it back when we leave.
"Toby...Toby...Toby... Toby Wong...Toby Wong...Toby Chung...fuckin Charlie Chan."
When you're annoying as hell, I care a lot.
Shit, you shoot me in a dream, you better wake up and apologize.
Yeah, it's fuckin great isn't it?
I haven't heard that since I was in fifth fuckin grade.
She killed the cheatin wife, too.
Blonde, shoot this piece of shit, will ya?
C'mon, throw in a buck.
They make shit.
She don't make enough money, she can quit.
But this tipping automatically, that shit's for the birds.
Fuck jail!
I don't give a shit about jail.
Oh fuck, Orange got tagged.
Goddamn, goddamn!
How the fuck do you think?
This is so fucked up.
but those other motherfuckers were already there, they were waiting for us.
Cause I, sure as fuck, am thinking about it.
Let's go in the other room... What the fuck am I doing here?
And I did, and I didn't, because of fuckin money!
What's wrong with it?
Now, I don't know a goddamn body who can help him, so if you know somebody, call 'em.
It was my fuckin fault he got shot.
He's a fuckin bloody mess - he's screaming.
What the fuck was I supposed to tell him, "Sorry, I can't give out that information, it's against the rules.
You little motherfucker!
Ya wanna fuck with me?!
You wanna fuck with me?! I'll show you who you're fuckin with!
You wanna shoot me, you little piece of shit?
Fuck you, White!
You're acting like a first-year fuckin thief.
And you, you motherfucker, are looking at me like it's my fault.
You better start talkin to us, asshole, cause we got shit we need to talk about.
We're already freaked out, we need you actin freaky like we need a fuckin bag on our hip.
(to Mr. Pink) Piss on this turd, we're outta here.
Fuck you, maniac!
It's your fuckin fault we're in so much trouble.
That fuckin shooting spree in the store.
Fuck 'em, they set off the alarm, they deserve what they got.
Finally somebody who knows what the fuck he's doing.
Vic, Vic, Vic, Eddie, my son, is a fuck up."
"I'm ruined!
Eddie, I hate like hell for you to hear it this way.
(yelling) Okay, okay, enough, enough!
Guy got me on the ground, tried to fuck me.
You fuckin wish.
You tried to fuck me in my father's office, you sick bastard.
But don't try to fuck me.
Four years fuckin punks in the ass made you appreciate prime rib when you get it.
Oh shit, I hear he's a motherfucker.
He is a motherfucker.
But I gotta show this asshole I got an honest-to- goodness job before he'll let me move out on my own.
You don't hafta lift shit.
So you can move into a halfway decent place without Koons thinkin "what the fuck."
We gotta bunch of shit you needed to unload there.
You're at the Taft airstrip pickin up a bunch of shit and bringing it back.
Give ya some cash, get that Koons fuck off your back, and we'll be talking to ya.
Shit.
That fucking bastard!
That fucking sick fucking bastard!
(screaming) What the fuck are they waiting for?
That motherfucker cut off my ear!
And I'm dying.
We're just gonna sit here and bleed until Joe Cabot sticks his fuckin head through that door.
Say "hello" to a motherfucker who's inside.
Well after waiting three goddamn days by the fuckin phone, he calls me last night and says Joe's ready, and he'll pick me up in fifteen minutes.
And I'll bet you everything from a diddle-eyed Joe to a damned-if-I-know, that in Milwaukee they got a sheet on this Mr. White motherfucker's ass.
Where I was from, who I knew, how I knew Nice Guy, had I done time, shit like that.
You got to be naturalistic as hell.
If you ain't a great actor you're a bad actor, and bad acting is bull shit in this job.
What a while bitch will put up with, a black bitch won't put up with for a minute.
They got a line, and if you cross it, they fuck you up.
I'll make you a bet that those same damn niggers who were showin their ass in public, when their bitches get 'em home, they chill the fuck out.
What the fuck was the name of the chick who played Christie Love?
What the fuck was that chick's name?
Oh this is just great, I'm totally fuckin tortured now.
And waits for the next time this bag of shit gets drunk.
When I get through fuckin my Sophie, I wipe my dick on the curtains and you know what?
Stupid fuckin Polack, wipes his dick on the drapes.
The man is fucking dying.
Fuck you!
I called three doctors and couldn't get through to shit.
Told her a bullshit story, upside: she said bring him to her apartment.
Fuck you buddy boy! Okay, you wanna play that way.
But me being too nice- a-fuckin-guy was willin to risk it.
Cut the shit!
Yeah, well I don't give a flying fuck what you think!
I think both of you are actin like a couple of assholes.
I arrange a nurse, I leave myself wide open, and I'm an asshole.
What the fuck happened here?
(yelling) Who cares what he was gonna do to this fuckin pig? (to Mr. Orange) You were saying he went crazy?
He was gonna kill the cop and me.
And when you guys walked through the door, he was gonna blow you to hell and make off with the diamonds.
That sick piece of shit was a stone cold psycho.
You're a fuckin liar.
Now why don't you drop the fuckin fairy tale and tell me what really happened?
Even though I'm fuckin dyin I'm not above pullin a fast one.
But instead he shut his mouth and did his time.
So, Mr. Orange, you're tellin me this very good friend of mine, who did four years for my father, who in four years never made a deal, no matter what they dangled in front of him, you're telling me that now, that now this man is free, and we're making good on our commitment to him, he's just gonna decide, right out of the fuckin blue, to rip us off?
(to Joe) What the fuck are you talking about?
(pointing to Mr. Orange) That piece of shit.
I said this lump of shit is workin with the LAPD.
I don't have the slightest fuckin idea what you're talkin about.
I sent for him -- and the little coward send you?! Shall I leave, M'lord?
I was loathsome to you.
The boy's insane!
Bitch, who do you think you are? William!
So this is the little whore he was fighting for.
Hell to pay when that gets round.
Was it rage?
Stop! Men! Do not flee!
You disrespect a banner of truce?! From his king?
Insolent bastard!
They killed her to get to me.
Treason.
Stop! Leave me! (they hesitate) There is no way out of this hell!
It will be awful!
She-hit.
Hell, for triple time I'd crawl through razor blades and shower off with lime juice.
I designed the damn thing.
God, I hate that bitch.
What the hell is she doing out there?
Son of a bitch... (into microphone) Lindsey... get out of Cab Three.
I don't care who drives the damn thing.
I'll be damned!
Shit.
Shit.
He can't fly an ROV worth shit.
Shit! (to all) On the dive, you will do absolutely nothing without direct orders from me, and you will follow my instructions without discussion.
Shut up and get your gear on.
He's convulsing!
We're gonna losing him... SHIT, it's stuck... goddamnit!
Two hours?! We're gonna be getting the shit kicked out of us by our friend Fred in two hours!
Well, you know Lindsey, too damn aggressive-- Son of a--!!
We have no way of warning the surface.
Shut up! Don't talk!
Shut up! SHUT UP! What's the matter with you?! Just stay calm.
He couldn't be that dumb.
It is insane.
Aw.
Goddamn it, you bitch, you never backed down from anything in life... now fight!
Not the slightest goddamn idea!
Hell yes, we read!
We're up here in a flat sea with no wind.
Well, hell, son.
You got the shit?
Fuck it.
You two, get the hell away from there!
Let's get the hell outta here.
Oh fuck, c'mon... ...not going in there.
Waste o' time.
What's your problem with Crippled Dick?
Are you nuts?
You are the real shit.
Gonna be le hot shit.
And don't touch my fucking sandwich.
Killing off your customers?
Fair enough for the shit.
Last thing you need's for me to start doing my fucking job.
What the hell do you want?
Shit.
I'm not sure what the hell you are.
I hate it when dogs do that.
The same shit that was in the carpet.
Damn, I knew these pipes were wacked.
I know damn well she's there.
Bullshit!! You're selling it back!
Why did you give a shit about the building?
Bullshit, Dad.
It's dead.
Dead?
And it bites.
Fuck you.
Look, I killed you.
No need to get all meta fucking-phys-i-gack... Shit! Fuck! (in Mack's voice) "Just try it...go ahead...it won't kill you."
He built that gate and these damn walls.
How I got the fuck in here?
So he must hate him the most of all now.
Why the hell did you let him use the satellite phone?
Whoever killed the professor must think G.H.O.S.T. is in that house.
Loud, angry rock music Your mother thought you were in real danger.
he wriggles on the floor.
This family's in for a rude awakening.
(She curses in Romanian) Hey.
hane marches to Todd's shut door.
Did you ever punch someone so hard that their head came off?
BEAT IT, before I get my face punching badge on you.
I hate leaving you, but you know I have to do this.
The latrine! Hell, I wanna be able to eat in the kitchen!! Oh no you don't.
Bet you're a hell of a fighter on the mats, huh? (Shane ignores him, and keeps walking.)
I hate wresting... AT EASE.
That guy's an idiot.
Men in leotards pinning each other to the floor?
I quit, Murney.
I'm not quitting cause I hate wresting.
There were delays...
Now stop bothering me.
Don't make me kill you too.
ill cocks his gun.
You're a... terrible neighbor.
What about you? (lying badly) I'm not hungry - leastways, not for lembas bread.
They stole it from us.
kill them ... kill them both!
It was dead!
(hurried) No! They must be warned.
(yelling) The beacon!
What's wrong?
(alarmed yell) Mr Frodo!
Why does he hates poor Smeagol?
Alight, I'm sorry, I didn't mean for it to go so far, I was so angry . . .
(beside himself) Shut up, you!
KING OF THE DEAD (cont'd) The way is shut.
Your wasting your time, Aragprn.
(yelling) I am Isildur's heir.
(yell) Prepare for battle!! (yelling) Return to your posts!
(angry yell) Send these foul beasts into the abyss! .
Fight!
Kill the trolls!
What's that smell?
(yelling) He's not dead!
(yelling) Gandalf?
Fight!
Death!
(yelling) Stay this madness!
Final Revision - October, 2003 111, (angry) Late as usual!
No man can kill me . . .
I don't take orders from stinking Morgul rats! (angry yell) You touch it, and I'll stick this blade in your guts! (yelling) The scum tried to knife me!
(yelling . . .
(yelling) Frodo!
(yelling) Destroy it - go on!
Throw it in the fire!
(sobs) . . .
You did your homework, Officer.
I'll be damned!
I deserve it.
Small lies.
People give themselves away in a traffic violation just as much as they do in a murder case.
I don't know what you're fucking talking about.
How should I know?... Ran like hell to go to him... Fuck you, man! - I'm sick of all your fucking cop questions... Now you listen to me, you little shit.
(yells) Why didn't I know about that goddamn tunnel, Charlie?
It's not your questions, it's not your press conferences, it's not even your cheap suits; everyone hates you 'cause day after day you suck the marrow out of real cops when you never had the balls to become one yourself.
You just remember that when you're sitting at your bullshit desk reading your bullshit report on my dead partner!
He was killed in a fire.
My arm!
TANYA (cont'd) You happy now, you fucking bastard?
Now you're mad at me.
Murder weapon was a 357 Ruger.
(jerks him harder) You sick, coward, fuck.
Take a rock and smash your fucking skull in...
Then why lie about it?
He hit her.
Randy Stetz beat Kay Connell? (angry) Ellie.
He has a terrible rage.
What the fuck is that!
I've noticed that... WALTER (cont'd) You jump from calm to rage in the blink of an eye.
What the hell do you know?
Then so was mine... Don't you pull that shit with me.
I got angry.
WALTER (cont'd) From calm to rage in the blink of an eye.
WILL (cont'd) Get the fuck out of town, Byrd.
It's evil.
Evil technology.
These fish are boiled.
What the hell --?
Help m -- Idiots...I'll -- What the -?
An evil has come to Arceon...
You heard Brother Graham tell of the devil inside sheep's wool -- An evil brought by this woman in her vessel of technology.
Evil.
Destruction!
(screams) It's still there!
(to Ripley) The evil is inside you.
(beat) And what was it?
Right under the floor -- Right up your bloody backside.
Waste of time.
You gotta fight the bastards -- I'm tired of fighting.
Hey -- you knocking -- cut it out -- You're going to wake everybody up.
I am guilty.
Shit.
At any rate, let's forget about the Earth completely - whether you're right or I'm right what's important is getting the hell out of here.
This orbiter was patterned after a medieval concept of the universe -- (makes a circle in the air) They call the top half "Heaven - " The Abbey, the fields -- The bottom half is "Hell."
I hate hyper sleep... Come on.
He killed Newt but not me.
Destruction.
The destruction YOU brought to us!
The Devil.
It came out of his fucking head!
That bastard outside.
He's fucking with my mind.
He's my punishment!
We can beat this bastard.
Shit.
Let's get the fuck out of -- Ripley - the lever!! Saw that happen to a bottle once.
Why? Choking.
Don't lock me up! I'll take a lie detector!
STOP CALLING HERE! Isn't this 4215 Pussy Way? (Furious) You bitch!
Let me check the zip - 212 Fuck you?
Well, Dottie, how come they're not here then, Fuck-Face?
(Red with rage) (Slams down phone) (Calling out) Beverly?
You said you hated him.
Well...he was an asshole... but he didn't deserve to die! (Putting down his book as MOM climbs in) I can't stop thinking about that poor teacher.
(To cops, getting angry) Detectives, what is this about?
(Looking at MRS. ACKERMAN's garbage) Do you believe that goddamn litterbugger?
(Drinking, encouraging her) I hate her too.
(Getting tipsy, joining the bull session) (Egging MOM on, laughing) Somebody ought to kill her! (Joking and drinking) Yeah, hack her up and recycle her! (Not kidding, in a trance) For the sake of this planet, (On TV) ...But your boyfriend was convicted of killing twelve people I don't judge him.
Goddamn you!
Damn these yellow-jackets!
I hate 'em! (Angrily) Always something isn't it?
(Upset) I went back to get my Faberge Egg and some idiot bought it!
He's dead!
You said you hated your teacher yesterday and he was murdered too.
My step-father is an asshole!
We both hate her !
You lousy cock-sucker!
(Scowling at video screen where "Leatherface" chases a girl to house where he "chainsaws" his way through door as the victim screams in terror) Haven't you had enough violence, Chip Sutphin?
(Opens door to reveal empty closet) 0h, shit!
No! (Obsessed) It wasn't like gore movies at all! (Bursting into tears) Oh God, I think I'm going to be sick... What the fuck is that?
(Primly) Give me your fucking van before I kill you! (Hopping out of driver's seat) Yes, ma'am.
I promise, I promise.... Oh shit! (He floors it) Hold on, kids!
Oh shut up, Herbie!
(Furious) I call to the stand, Dottie Hinkle!
Objection!
I'm warning you, Mrs. Hinkle.
(Bangs gavel) Mrs. Hinkle, I find you guilty of contempt of court and sentence you to a thousand dollar fine and five days in jail! (To MATRONS) Lock 'er up! (To MOM, being dragged out) 160.
(On phone) ...Well, you tell "Geraldo" to go to hell!
Your mom killed my brother!
(Annoyed at his witness) PLEASE, Miss Hodges! (Obviously stoned) 'Scuse me... (Giggles) ...Well, like I told you, it was blue.
Objection!
(Sputtering, purple with rage) I'm a married man!! (Yelling to MOM) I hope you get the gas chamber!
(Furious at MOM's cross-examination) I call to the stand Rosemary Ackerman!
Yes! Thirty minutes later it was covered with blood and gore and Carl Padgett was dead!
The Judge is waiting for you!
...I feel that Beverly Sutphin is an innocent woman, wrongly accused.
I knew that cheap-shit Dietrich would rip us off... Oh, God -- !
I forgot to turn the damn thing on!
(to the twins) He's kidding... (grabs Castor by throat) ... are you fucking kidding!? Bro -- everything went fine.
I hate when you call me bro.
Hell, yes... (pulls her into lap) It's the only way to fly.
What's wrong?
(gun to Pilot's head) Go, dammit!
The horizontal elevator's smashed!
Jon, I'm getting a little annoyed by your obsessive need to spoil my fun.
You'll drive your wife and kid nuts!
Damn fine work.
She hates you -- but she needs you.
And he'll keep his mouth shut until it blows.
Go! Jon, this is goddam insane.
Now keep your mouth shut.
Do I look wasted -- asshole?
Now if you'll excuse me, I've got an important government job to abuse, and a beautiful wife to fuck.
Don't try to charm me -- I'm still angry.
They don't give two fucks about your health.
Now he's a fucking drool case.
You're doing a damn respectable job of being me.
Who can deal with this family shit?
What the fuck do you think happened?
Your best friend is murdered -- and you don't seem to give a shit.
Do you know -- do you know what he did to me...? Whatever happened, whatever he did -- I know it's my fault and I know I can never make it up to you -- But you're damn well going to try.
This will knock him out for hours.
But if I'm not there, he'll suspect something... (as Archer considers) The second you make your move, all hell's going to break loose.
Terrible.
Put the gun down -- -- Now! (beat) Can't blame me for trying.
The Nazis have taken your money.
They would have killed me, but I'm essential to the war effort, thanks to you.
Every worker that is shot, costs me money -- I have to get somebody else, I have to train them -- We're going to be making so much money, none of this is going to matter -- (cutting him off) It's bad business.
Forget you got to build it all, getting the fucking permits, that's enough to drive you crazy.
Himmler goes up to Warsaw, tells the armament guys, "Get the fucking Jews out of Toebbens' factory and put Toebbens in the army," and -- "and sent him to the Front."
Where the hell they from again?
(mumble) Christ -- God damn it -- The guy can turn out a hinge in less than a minute?
A man stole something, he's brought in before the emperor, he throws himself down on the floor, he begs for mercy, he knows he's going to die... and the emperor pardons him.
What's he done that's so bad -- take money?
That's a crime?
He's taking money.
He's stealing from you, Oskar.
What's the scam?
Yeah, all right, don't tell me, I'll go along with it, it's just irritating to me I can't figure it out.
These are skilled munitions workers -- they are essential to the war effort --It is my duty to supervise them -- and it is your duty to allow me Am I on the list?
I'll kill you, that's what I got for you.
Your friend Amon Goeth has been arrested.
What's wrong with it?
It's broken.
Stern.
That is a lie.
Shoot him.
Shoot him!
Stern.
What's wrong?
Look, I don't know what the hell this is all about, but Dr. Schaefer is in Room 806 with an I.V. running and he's dead.
(appeals to Nurse Rivers coming out of the floor pharmacy) Do you know what the hell she's talking about?
God, Joe, how the hell do I go about this?
My home is hell.
I blame myself for those two useless young people.
What do you say to that, Dr. Bock? (who has been staring at her as if she were insane) What the hell am I supposed to say to that, Miss Drummond?
(looks down again) You're wasting your time.
(lurches about) What the hell's wrong with being impotent?
We want to kill the drug thing right now!... imperializing the Blackaporican community, and we reject the bourgie- ass middle-class black traitors and flunkies who are selling out the Blackaporican proletariat masses to the expansionist, racist policies of this shit hospital!... Let's get back to the abortion issue!
Who the hell raised the issue of birth control?
With two taxable entities, you can bury a hell of a lot of expenses... (on phone) Hello, this is Welbeck, any messages?... Well, I'm at the hospital.
What the hell happened?
Get the damn leads on.
Jesus H. Christ!
What the hell are you talking about?
(mad as a hatter) I am the Fool for Christ and the Paraclete of Caborca.
What the hell's going on?
(annoyed) We all thought you were at Death's Door! What're you doing out of bed? (to Bock) What happened?
You're not going to leave me alone in this crazy place, Milton!
Arrest the son of a bitch!
So now we're going to arrest you.
(matter-of-factly) It's like pissing in the wind, right, Herb?
Knock it off, Gerald.
I'd hate you to screw 'em up.
Too bad.
(pause) Why the hell aren't you here?
Don't be bloody silly.
That, Harry?
What the bloody hell do you think you're at? (smiles) I'm sorry.
You keep your trap shut, Ma.
Listen, I'm not in the mood for bloody silly buggers.
(mocking him) And what about you?
Did you kill Brumby?
That little shit!
(angry) What am I supposed to do?
Frank said you were a shit and he was bloody well right.
(shouting) You bloody whore.
You're a lying bitch.
Jack, for Christ's sake ...
Cyril said no shooters, you stupid bastard.
Get stuffed.
Or do we piss about all day?
(irritated by Yuri's presence) I am only going to the restroom.
(Subtitled - Motherfucker.)
(irritated by the meager amount) This is bullshit money, Vit - small fucking potatoes.
Cannibal, don't you fucking walk away from me! Peace, man! Fuck you, Cannibal!! (referring to the truck) Maybe we can offload it - the Balkans.
YURI (cont'd) (into phone) Yes?...Slow the fuck down--what do you mean, tipped off?
YURI (cont'd) (barking an order to a CREWMAN, referring to the Panamanian flag) Get that fucking rag down!
YURI (cont'd) Damn, they're hauling!
What the fuck use is that?! (panicked, gesturing to the stern) He's painting a name registered in the fucking Netherlands!
Tak! Tak! Tak-fucking-tak!
(subtitle: Yes!) What the hell's the matter?
The Cold War, the Soviet Union, the Evil Empire.
He's throwing in the towel.
We shoot it out?
(shaking his head) And start an international fucking incident - no, no, no.
A complete fucking fool?
We are not a rich people and the market is already flooded with your Kalashnikovs.
Motherfucker!
You stupid old fuck!
It's rude to act sane in a room full of lunatics.
(a mixture of French and English) I didn't fuck you, did I? Did I fuck you? (in French, as she counts Yuri's money) It's not what I would call a fuck.
YURI (cont'd) (screaming) Are you sick?!
(keeping his gun raised) Fuck Andre.
(disgusted) Fuck off! Yuri, you fucked up!
They accuse me of rigging elections, but after this in your Florida with your Supreme Court of kangaroos-- ANDRE BAPTISTE (cont'd) --now the U.S. must shut up forever.
West Africa's fucked-up.
(irritated by the interruption) What? (anxious whisper) We can't do this deal.
(incredulous) The fuck we can't.
(angry, impatient) What do you think they'll do if we back out - they'll kill us.
They're everyone of 'em locked up.
Trouble?
I'm saving your neck!
Involved in what?
What makes you mad, Mr. Smith?
Me...? Why are you so upset about... (points) ...this wire?
The grave at Adobe Flat?
Mess with me, I'll kick a lung outta you.
You killed Komako.
You want to register a complaint?
(imploring) No man is useless, if he's got a friend... I'm your friend, Tim.
(scornfully) What else is left for you?! (mounting anger) You're as dead as Komako, only you don't know it!
Leggo of me! (harshly, through his teeth) You're stupid, Liz.
Were you attacked?
Peter, what the hell is going on?
Jesus Christ, you're gonna knock me out?
How would you feel if you woke up in a goddamn cell, dressed like this?
You fucking cow giving me the evil eye, huh?
Fuck you, you fuckin' voodoo witch -- !
You bet your goddamn fat ass I mean it, you're a witch -- !! McGrath, that's enough!
Take your voodoo shit back to Cuba -- I said that's enough.
Neighbors heard screams.
I'm telling you she doesn't... Concocted alternate reality... I'm trusting you... crawling with cops.
Holy shit.
But what replaces that hatred is this unbearable sadness.
Leave me alone.
I've lost my fucking mind.
(sotto) Take that, son of a bitch.
Shit.
Fuck off! C'mon, c'mon, c'mon -- Wake up, Tracy, wake up -- Howdy there.
Holy shit.
You've had enough goddamn coffee already.
Our daughter is gone and I miss her and I'm angry.
(shuts her eyes) But she's only a girl.
She's very, very angry.
Shit.
I hate a bad bluffer.
With what, your belt?
Don't worry, you'll scream.
Now shut up, take off your goddamn shirt and pull off your bra.
So yeah, we fucked them and we killed them.
(frustrated) Have you guys heard a word I've said?
You bastards... Ge... get out!
One more screw up... and you're expelled.
Now Marcy, we've been savin' for this trip our whole lives and we're gonna go come Hell or high water... What the hell is that noise?
This crap is warm!
Can we watch your TV? McVICKER Y... Y... You're expelled!
Dammit!
Actually, we just wanna watch TV... Shut up Beavis!
(screams) Aaaagh!
Are you threatening me?
AAAAHHH!!! Get the hell out of the cockpit!
Where the hell is he?
You know, to take care of your wife... What the hell?!... What about those other... Huh? Dammit!!!
Hey, Butt-Head, it's that slut from the plane!
Are you guys sluts too?
Damn right.
My opinion, terrorists... What's the scoop on that stolen unit?
Chief, we got 'em!
Damn smart.
I hate them!
Shut up, dumb-ass!
This kicks ass!!! Ahhhhghhhhgh!
Yeah! Boobs.
Boobs.
Ah'm gonna blow you both to hell! Cool, huh huh.
Ya see, I got your mules right here in my trunk and... Say what?... I'm gonna kill 'em!!!
No honey we're gonna kill 'em.
Dammit!!!
Now! SHUT UP! (continuing) I'm sick and tired of this!
Orders are shoot to kill.
Are you threatening me?!
Are you threatening me?!...
I'm gonna go over right now and talk to my Congressman about this... Ooooaaaaaghhh!!! Whack-awhack-aaaaghh!!! What the hell?...Wait here a minute...
And if I ever catch ya whackin' in here again I'm gonna hog-tie ya! (to himself) Now I gotta straighten up in here.
Damn!
And take yer damn pants with ya...! (noticing) What in the hell...? (pointing) THE PANTS!!! He's got the unit!
He said crap.
(laughs) They shit their pants in unison.
Man, I ain't sayin' fuckin' shit.
I know you're too fuckin' dumb to be any more than a courier.
(to Marandino) I'll teach you what commitment is... I'll throw you in an eight by nine and have you fucked in the ass by every inmate in the state of Louisiana-- AND THAT'S THE (hacking) He's from Whiskey Bay--!
Weapons trained, explosives.
Shut the car off slowly.
You got robbery, B&E, you got an all-you-can-eat felony fuckin' possession.
Hey there, Catfish... 'The hell happened?
That's too bad.
Ten other cons, they beat him and stabbed him till there weren't nothin' left.
I can feel it fuckin' coming.
And you steal from me...?
You take my fuckin' diamonds?
Today, Lucian's one hell of an entrepreneur.
Demolition.
Heard of you... Fuckin-A, heard a lot.
And everything in this fuckin' place is my business.
Whatever they say you is or once was, I don't give a flyin' fuck.
And your fuckin' brother's up for grabs.
Y'all got that?! (stumbles away, shocked) Fuck... WHEELER!!! Stand the fuck up! Hands behind your head!
Get on the fuckin' floor!
It's evil to tolerate it.
So tell me, why the fuck should I get involved with you?! How about personal warranty?
You've been a part of the problem so long, you've forgotten what the fuck that is! (boaring in) "Finance..." Your wife came here on a bus to see you.
Is that your outside fuckin' finance?! Let me give you a little insight, pal.
You stand accused of forty counts of burglary, twenty nine counts of felony theft, possession of illegal firearms, possession or dealing in unregistered weapons, possession of a controlled substance, manufacture and possession of incendiary devices, and seventeen counts of receiving stolen goods... How do you plead?
'The fuck is that?
Where's this motherfucker taking us?
Fuckin' worm food.
(laughs to Jesse) You believe they're travelin' all the way to Louisiana just to get fuckin' robbed?
(anger spiking, pacing) I can't keep doin' this.
I about got my head fuckin' shot off, 'cause your guys was "protecting" me!
I don't give a fuck-- I don't want your protection!
Who the fuck's giving 'em information?
The fuck's takin' so long?
'The hell you doin' here?
Fuck you, man!
Together, you see?! I see 'em-- You see?! They're fuckin' dead!
Multiple shots fired-- What the fuck?
Right fuckin' now! (nods) What do you need?
Y'all fuck with me?
You want to fuck with me?
We are federally fucked... (looks right at Fitch) Because Federal fucked up.
I don't give a fuck.
What the fuck?! Get out.
I need a fuckin' doctor!
...fuck... Who killed my family?
Ah shit, man! (racks another shell) (flinches) The fuck is that?
Jesse's cowboy bullshit is not how it's done!
And you wouldn't be askin' stupid fuckin' questions! (walking away) I'll bring him in myself.
You know who the fuck I am?! Who's Richard Morris?! Why was he killed?
You piece of shit, talk! (hysterical) He made Jesse...The investigation... Everything... His family?
(looks up) What the fuck?! What do you got?
He's lookin' for you, he's fuckin' pissed.
Looks like they own the God damn block.
Where the fuck you been?
Stand the fuck down.
Give me that fuckin' shotgun!
I'm fuckin' hit.
The children prick up their ears at this.
Oh Bother.
You have killed God.
It is a revolution.
That I should lance the boil.
Is there really such a place as hell.
The whole endeavour was cursed from the outset.
Hat and gloves, books, spectacles, papers.
Some of them tearful, not expecting him to return A steam train comes charging past trailing plumes of black smoke, striking sparks from the track with its wheels.
Then I am sorry to have wasted your time.
(furious) Do you take me for an idiot?
Darwin continues to rant at the closed door, standing in the pouring rain without his umbrella.
Emma screams But free of the fantasy, free of the rest, the silly vain hope that we will be reunited in heaven and the nagging unspoken belief that I killed her!
The fury has gone from both of them, leaving sadness and pity I should have insisted.
I took her from you It was my fault.
I hated you for taking her.
I hated myself.
It wasn't you I was angry with, it wasn't Innes and it wasn't God.
I was angry with my theory.
It was the truth I was angry with.
There is bird-shit on the curtains and the antimacassars, birds nesting in the sewing basket, the bread bin and the dress-up box.
Every time you open a cupboard, angry birds fly out and flap angrily around the room.
Why can't you...just... LEAVE ME It strikes me, that there's a considerable amount of bullshit going on here....
Number four - What the hell are you doing?
Wait a minute, God damn it!
The traffic was terrible.
Route 12.
Won't you still be wasting your life toiling away at a job you find ridiculous?
What the hell do you mean I don't try?
What the hell are you going to do with this?
You're damn right!
You do this - you do this and I swear to God I'll - You'll what?
We've both been under a strain.
Oh, now don't give me this shit!
You know GOD DAMN WELL! Yoo-hoo!
Can't I even get away from you in the fucking woods?
Do you want me to scream again, Frank?
What the hell do I want to sit down for!
You unhappy?
(undrunk, sharp with rage) Well I ain't about to kiss off forty thousand dollars!
You have the guts, boy? (blurted cut fury and shame) Shut up! Shut up!
(A pause) I hate tears.
People hate when the doorbell rings in the middle of the night.
I hate bothering you...
Left Phoenix under her own steam?
Leave me alone!
(A rueful smile) Besides, the taxpayers hate it when something gets slipped out the back door on them!
(With difficulty) Did he kill my sister?
Neighborhood's going to Hell.
Lung cancer?! That's funny as shit, John.
You've deported how many back to Hell?
Look, I know I'm not making much sense -- hell I'm not really sure what I'm doing here... I just feel -- the circles you travel in -- the occult, demonology, exorcisms...
Oh shit... Detective!
Do you believe in Heaven and Hell? (off no answer) How about what comes out of each?
And demons.
But it's not demons, it's the evil that men do.
You're right, we're capable of terrible things but we usually justify it with motives like money and power and jealousy.
What the hell were those things?!
(a bit thrown) My sister?
See if she's in Hell.
I call it hypocritical bullshit.
Shit... (sympathetic) Why didn't you call me, you fat sonna bitch... (to Hennessey) Rest in peace, Father.
Now you're insulting me.
In that box.
Into the light I command thee!! Into the light I -- ... this is my fault...
I've seen a goddamn doctor!! Get away from me!! John?
Dammit, John -- they killed my sister!
Now ask me if there's water in Hell.
Lie down.
How's he doing it, you half-breed shit?!
You can't cheat it this time... you're going back to Hell.
A demon in heaven -- love to be a fly on that wall... You're not a priest, you have no power... -- I escaped hell, who else do you know that has the power to do that?! Just tell me how Mammon is crossing over and you can go back to your shithole.
John?! Ah... shit.
Shit -- shit -- shit -- Where's the amulet?
Midnite -- You know what that device can do to the ill-equipped -- Midnite --and even in your most glorious days your brain was never your most powerful attribute Where the hell is the chair, you dumb shit?!
One goddamn problem at a time -- You want me to sign a waiver?
Try? Mammon was forced out of that girl when she jumped so unless he found a holding vessel to wait in, he would have fallen back to Hell.
He'll just turn this place into his own Hell and then where will you to party, Heaven?
Go to Hell.
Let her up!! Let her up!! Shit -- Amar natash bow basar!
Rescind from the flesh I command thee -- Back to Hell, asshole -- (to John) Finish it.
Betrayal, murder, genocide?
Damned.
What the hell is he doing in Panama.
(sarcastic) Yeah, he did.
That why you dumped him?
Life's a bitch, ain't it?
Oh shit! (quick salute) Sergeant O'Neal, Sir.
Where the hell did I put it?
Five bucks.
(mid argument) You're telling me that in an election month I've evacuated the entire city for nothing?
Shut 'em down!
Then FIRE damn it!
What the hell is the matter with you people?!
So you thought that made it okay to steal my tapes?
Stupid idiots!
We do not have enough explosives.
The phones are ringing off the hook with people screaming to be let back into the city.
What the hell are we waiting for?
I hate these things!
Who the hell are you?
I was wrong.
If the military are listening, they must immediately destroy this building before they can escape.
Ohhhhhhhh.....shit.
Gun it!
Gun it!
Mr. Caiman, I quit.
Join the expedition.
(o.s.) Objection!
(rising) Then why is he called the accused Your Honors must think him guilty of something.
This wretched man, the accused, is only a pawn in the conspiracy.
The State charges that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon named Galen experimented on this wounded animal, tampering with his brain and throat tissues to create a speaking monster ... (on her feet) ThatOs a lie! (pounding gavel) Mind your tongue, madame.
Ridiculous.
You lied.
And deservedly.
You're a menace!
(protesting) Taylor, you're not in command here.
They're worthless.
Shun him.
Okay, this is bogus!
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
And that is bad.
He's...pooping?
Is it hot in here?
You're a phony.
I hate phonies.
Now he is an indestructible, mindless killing machine!
Foiled again.
Was that wrong?
I'm buried in the middle of the fucking desert!
I'm not going to tolerate -- Just get me the fucking number!! Get me the number, get me the number!! What?
What the hell's going -- United States Department of State.
What the hell is wrong with you?
You're not the one stuck in a coffin, buried in the God damn desert!
Lady, I'm going to fucking die in here.
You are terrorist, you son of a bitch.
Rebuild what you destroyed.
In box.
(re: the script) Fuck... (speaking at the phone) My name is Paul Conroy.
Oh shit.
Why the hell did you make that video?
What the hell happened out there, Paul?
Go to hell.
You bastards put me here.
They're dead.
(after a beat) Yeah.
You let me out of here, and I'll cut off my whole God damn hand if you want.
That's...you're lying.
Shit, Doc, I'll give you the lift if... Forget it, Palmer.
Poor little son of a bitch.
...Cheating bastard...
...Craziness...
This is goddamn insane... ...Quit the griping MacReady.
Look, if you're going to keep bitching, MacReady -- Palmer's offered to take him up... What are you talking?! He's had two months training in those choppers!
Sweden?! (more to himself) My God, what in hell happened here?
Hey, Sweden!!! (irritated) They're not Swedish, goddamn it, they're Norwegian, MacRe -- Norwegian of the Month, Doc.
Turn that crap down, Nauls.
You get the hell on out of here.
What were they involved in?
How much more of this crap is there?
What's going on, damn it?
Mr. Childs killed it.
(looks out at debris in disgust) And those poor dumb bastards had to go and blow the hell out of it.
You know damn well what we both make of it.
Where's that big ol' steel pot of mine?! Damn! ...So it crashes, and this guy, whoever he is, gets thrown out, or walks out, and ends up freezing.
And they get into one hell of a brawl... Now how's this motherfucker wake up after thousands of years in the ice, huh? (annoyed) I don't know how.
(in violent protestation) You can't do this!
That Thing didn't want to become a dog... (fed up) Damn you, Blair!
Now fuck off!
Aw shit.
Too damn dangerous.
What in the hell for?
Holy shit.
Somebody else sure as hell thought so.
(anger) So what?! Is that supposed to leave him in the clear?! Bullshit!
(shouts) Nauls, bring me a goddamn flashlight!
(to self) Oh, shit! (shouts) Well, hang on!
Sanchez...? Hey, who... Mac, where the hell is that pump!! Somebody definitely messed with it.
Where the hell were you?
You lying bastard... (slurring) I rather don't like your tone...
Well, who says I want you going with me?! Cut the bullshit... Okay, Sanchez, you come with us.
Cut, bullshit.
This storm do that?
Must have weighted a ton and a half... Goddamn white women.
Now hold on, you dumb...
Open up, it's me, MacReady... (still nothing) ...Come on, damn it...
He's got to know damn well I cut it!
Then we're wrong.
Damn it, he's got the keys.
Put those torches on the floor and back off.
Damn it, quit the bickering and give me a hand.
Damn if I won't.
Get me... get me the hell away from... cut me loose, damn it!
Shut the damn hell up.
(protest) You crazy?
Wait... Okay, creep!
Damn it, ran out of gas.
I mean, hell, I'm only one person...
I know you're bugged because we ruined your trip, right?
(points out window) Why don't you stick your goddamn head out of the goddamn window once in a while and find out about the goddamn fog!
... hadda piss like a bull steer, so I pull over on 10th Ave, yank up the hood and do the engine job.
(gestures as if taking a piss into the hood) There I am with my dong in my hand when a guy come up and asks if I need any help.
(talking into pay phone) Fuck that Violets First.
Fucking saddle horse.
Fuck them.
TCR and I'da made seven fucking grand.
Fuck them too.
Blew the whole fucking joint and they wouldn't even let her use the drinking fountain.
Come here, bitch.
(referring to 122nd St.) Fuckin' Mau Mau land, that's what it is.
The cops and company raise hell they find out.
For a fee.
For a fee.
You can smell them.
Damn.
(a beat) I'm gonna kill her.
I'm gonna kill her with a .44
Throw in a holster for $10.
I'll throw it in for another $125.
You see, I try not to fool with the small-time crap.
Shit yes.
Hell, I know'd you to do worse.
You fit in.
But you fit in.
Fuck it!
Fuck it!
Fuck it!
Fuck it!
Fuck it!
Fuck it!
Fuck it!
(restrained anger) Here's the twenty bucks, old man.
(pause) What are you going to do about Sport and that old bastard?
And they hate it.
(restrained anger) You carry a gun?
Commence emergency shut-down!
Forcing her to the floor as the Robot FIRES.
An ALARM SCREAMING.
Don't start simulating ignorance.
But he was agitated...
Incensed.
At the back of his neck.
Bracing himself as... THE TRAIN SCREAMS OVER HIM.
Thanks to you, we caught the machine that did this and are destroying it in... (checks watch) ...three hours.
Into the darkness.
The GRATING.
On my prejudice.
I'm placing you under arrest for the murder of Dr. Heinrich Hogenmiller.
Spooner and Calvin turn towards the NOISE.
Growing...at an exponential rate... Its many HEADS.
Recoiling.
POUNDING them.
What's wrong?
You'll have to swear you will not tell anyone.
Cross it!
Tell your boss over there that you boys are ruining our house.
Caw caw, raaar!! Wait.
Scram!
Dug, stop bothering Kevin!
I am warning you, once again, bird!
Hey! Quit it!
Boy they are dumb.
This is crazy.
Attack!
I hate squirrels.
(hitting the bottom of the bottle for the last drop) And I hate him.
He thinks I ought to catch the eight-five bus every morning, punch a timeclock and work my way up selling paint or something.
(tense and angry) Why, you little doublecrosser.
(Coyly) Don't look so mad, Guy.
(furiously) You black conniving little liar!
You're a liar and a cheat, Miriam.
But she can't do that to you, Guy -- it's unbelievable -- it's, it's evil!
(a pause, then raising his voice) I said I'd like to break her foul, poisonous, useless little neck!
We'd both be arrested for murder.
We'd both be arrested for murder?
I do your murder -- (suddenly angry) You crazy fool!
Why should I go to Metcalf and kill a total stranger, unless it was part of the plan and you were in on it?
She's been murdered.
Do you mean to tell me there wasn't a tiny moment - when you'd been made really angry?
Ricky Coogan does not do ads for hi-tech cow shit.
But I heard that shit's lethal.
It's ridiculous, I tell you.
Where the fuck is Ernie?
Please?! Let's get the hell out of here!
Leave me alone, troll!
I'm a mad scientist pal, not a miracle worker.
Welcome to Hell, Rick.
This is nuts.
Blast.
Don't be an idiot.
At first, I was blinded by my anger.
It was your fault, anyway.
Now, in retrospect, I think the whole thing is a fucking headache.
It's a hoax!
They're going nuts for you, Beast Boy!
Damn.
Don't go off half-cocked.
crud sucking pus monkeys!
Damn.
Hey, what the-- Shit.
Damn!
(to the freaks) What a jerk!
What do you smell?
I hate when you do that.
If it's your damn pudding, I'll ring your wormy neck.
Cut the crap, Hertz.
That really pisses me off!
Holy shit.
I make freaks alright, but come on, fellas--this thing's pathetic.
So, where were we? Gentlemen, I'm not going to bullshit you.
What the hell!? Uh-oh, that kid looks pissed.
What a waste of twelve bucks.
Hey Hertz, tell your goons to (he turns to Hertz and is What the hell-!? Ahem.
(to Rick monster) Would you hurry up and waste the troll, please!?
Cut the lovey-dovey bullshit, and start mutilating each other!
You haven't got the guts to kill me!
I dare ya'! Scrappy!
(She turns to Rick) Let's go fuck.
Your defense perimeter is useless.
Why the hell are we -- (continuing) -- going to Montana? (off tricorder) I have the silo, sir.
What the hell... Ensign Porter?
What the hell are you talking about?
His heartbeat's irregular... Adrenaline -- ten CC's! (pumping his chest) One... two... three... compress!
What did you do to the batteries?
Fire at will! (throwing off a Borg) Fall back!
What the hell happened down there, Worf?
Shut that door!
Lie.
Lie.
Picard is starting to get angry.
(beat) For all I know, you caused the explosions at the silo... and now you're trying to steal Zephram's ship.
I am not a thief... No, you're a petty burglar and a liar... (beat) You're no friend of Zephram's.
Destroy the deflector dish.
Now you're learning how to lie.
More lies.
To hell with fate.
Still hates you.
That's one Night Fury, one Deadly Nadder, and... ... two of the finest dragon riders west of Luk Tuk.
Gah!
And unless you let us go, right now, he will blast through here on his Night Fury and blow your entire fleet of ships to splinters!
Stop! Snap out of it!
Oh, give me a cuddle, Grumpy!
Anyway, I hate the idea of acting paranoid.
He's a friend of Dick Laurent's, I think.
Dick Laurent?
How the hell... 7 One of the guards must have leaked it.
Now we'll see what this son of a bitch is up to.
I hate ridin' in this fuckin' car.
This rod is a fuckin, embarrassment, Carl.
Beautifull Smooth as shit from a duck's ass.
Oh, shit... Is that what I think it is?
(whispered pain) Pete... Pete... What a fuckin' job.
How'd you get in with these fuckin' people?
You fuck me whenever you want...
What's the BITCH'S name?! Look Sheila... I'm sorry... Go home, Sheila.
What the fuck?
Freddy... Well it ain't Raggedy Ann, bitch!
I hate that school.
Damn lawyers... what a bunch of assholes.
Fuck it!
I told you you were wasting your time.
And when these punks step as far over the line as these "Freddy" punks have -- then we as peace officers have no choice but to kill them.
I didn't become a peace officer to kill kids.
Punks.
Militant feminist, man-hating phase, what's it fuckin' to ya?! (to Meagan) Why don't you just let the cops find her?
But Murdoch put thirteen bullets in Jason before he hacked his head open.
(annoyed) Who else? (to Meagan; bright) Erwin is scary smart -- always brought home "A"s -- but he was kinda fucked up, too...
(continuing) I'm talking to you, asshole!
Damn!
This rusty chunk of shit?
(continuing) Stew on this, bitch!
Shoot him!
Shoot him!
You're not goin' up there to do somethin' stupid, are you?
Wake up! Wake up!! Three's a crowd, bitch!
Stop right there!
Damn kids...
(continuing) Now when I kick this over, the water will wash down the trench and bridge an eletrical gap between the cable and the lake.
Just what the hell do you think you're doing, bitch?! I'm sending him away for a few weeks.
Holy shit!
The cops! Who else?! Are you kidding?! They'll lock us up and throw away the key!
It's dead!
Today has been a bitch.
(continuing) Oh, shit!
Nothing you do can gross me out -- so why don't you give it your best shot, bitch!
Hit me! Punch me right in the nose!
We're wasting time!
Okay, I think we've heard enough of this crap.
Dad! Mom! Don't let them lock me up!
Liar! Freddy killed Jesse!
(angry; defensive) It wasn't me!
Oh, shit!
Erwin?! He's dead... and so are you if you don't put your hands up right now! (continuing) It's time I taught you girls some respect for the law! (continuing) So... you wanna be a punk?
You're mad at me...
You were beaming a minute ago, but since I didn't send the flowers... now you're mad at me.
Ask Mr. Donnavan to get you a large bottle of Geritol... Tell him, Maurice has officially become a grumpy old man.
Shit.'...
What's wrong?
Shit Mr. Parker.
Who the fuck are you?
Look gentlemen, I'm late, I need to -- I've been thinking -- who the hell is this preacher guy?
You're angry.
A wife? (stepping closer) A wife?... Did someone piss drunk run into your wife?
Oh the preacher's getting angry again... (Denny goes ice cold) Tell me something.
They're nasty.
It's okay to be mad.
What the hell is this?
Cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Shit, get him in your car and take him to St. Vincents.
What the hell are you talking about?
You are ordered to step aside now! (yelling) What the hell is going on?
I want a barricade placed along the entire beach area... Now God damn it, now!
Holy shit.
You callin' him a liar?
I'm not calling him a liar, okay?
The Ranger's taking a piss.
(to Richard) What the fuck was that about?
You fuckin' liar, I didn't say shit!
Shut up and start the car.
I told you that bastard said, "Help us!" (yelling) I never said help us!
(yelling) Well that don't matter now, 'cause you got about two fuckin' seconds to live! Richie!
(yelling) Yeah? (yelling) When I count three, shoot out the bottles behind him!
We'll stop at a motel -- Stop?
And then one day you wake up and say fuck him?
Rule number three: Don't you ever try and fuckin' run on us.
Crossing's gonna be a bitch.
(Newscaster's voice) Is it safe to assume since the law enforcement authorities in the great state of Texas are homosexuals of a sick and deviate nature, that they will be too busy fucking each other up the ass to actually catch The Gecko Brothers?
Where the fuck ya been?
Longer we fuck around El Paso our lives ain't worth a shit.
Look, fuck the border.
Richie, it's gonna get a lot fuckin' worse before it gets any fuckin' better.
We killed Texas fuckin' Rangers.
We gotta get our asses into Mexico tonight.
The fuckin' woman, the hostage.
Where the fuck is she, Richard!? She's in the other room.
What the fuck is she doin' there?! Seth, before you open the door, let me explain what happened.
No. (pause) That woman wouldn't of said shit if she had a mouthful.
It's not your fault, it's her fault!
I am a professional fucking thief.
I steal money.
Start that big bastard up, and drive it up front.
(angry) That's not fuckin' that... (holds up his gun) this is fuckin' this.
(he cocks the gun and puts it right in Jacob's face) What's it gonna be, yes or no answer?
Away to fuck the IRS.
Why'd ya quit?
(distracted) What?
You said as long as I don't act like a fuckin' nut, implying that I've been acting like a fuckin' nut.
(his voice rising) Fuck those spic pigs!
You called me a fuckin' nut, and where I come from, that stops the train on its tracks.
They're gonna kill her anyway.
If trusting you means trusting those fuckin' killers, I can't do that.
You ain't gonna do a goddamn fucking thing, you hear me!
Stop thinking with your fucking balls.
Shut the fucking door.
Goddamn, that was.
Shit, I been to bars make this place look like a fuckin' 4-H club.
I been to some fucked up places in my time, but that place is fucked up.
That's a fuck-with-you-bar.
We hang around there for a coupla hours, in all likelihood, we'll get fucked with.
So get your shit together, brother.
My shit is together.
Step aside, asshole.
Fuck 'em, shake it off.
(pointing at Seth) This piece of shit broke my finger and my nose... (pointing at Richard) then this fag kicked me in the ribs while I was down.
(to The Gecko Brothers) Up! Fuck off, ape man!
(with his dying breath) Fucking Bitch!
And at my command, you'll lick the dog shit from my boot heel.
Richie, I'm sorry I fucked things up.
Touch my brother with that stake, biker, and vampires won't need to suck your blood, they'll be able to lick it up off the floor.
That's a matter of opinion, and I don't give a fuck about your's.
Shut up! Yeah, shut up.
You hate us.
And we need you sober and thinking, not drunk and... What the hell is that?
(mumbling to himself) Goddamn fuckin' vampires.
Kate, let's stake these blood-sucker fuckers.
Get this bastard off of me!
We got a bunch of fuckin' vampires outside trying to get inside and suck our fuckin' blood!
But I do believe in my own two fuckin' eyes, and with my two eyes I saw fuckin' vampires!
Do you have a cross?
He fuckin' bit me! (to Sex Machine) You're dead, mother fucker!
Oh shit!
Fuck, piss, shit!
Mother fuckin' vampires!
Mother fuckin' vampires!
Goddamn mother fuckin' vampires!
I'm gonna fuckin' kill every last one of you godless pieces of shit! (to Seth) You bet your sweet ass you are, and I'm gonna help you do it.
I'm gonna ask you two again, then I want you to swear to God that you'll kill me.
Kate, do you swear to God that when I turn into one of the undead, you'll kill me?
I swear to God, our father, that when you change into one of the undead, I will kill you.
Two... Okay, I'll kill you when you change, I swear to God in Jesus Christ's name.
Get to the door!
This girl heard her parents say they're going to send her to hell.
Leave her alone!
Break it down!
The hell's the matter with you people?! I gotcha...
Well, you're gonna hate me for saying this, but my money's on crazy.
They knew, they knew damn well!
Hey, are you hungry?
Angry things I'd thought of and kind of memorized.
Are you mad at me? No... No, I'm not mad at you.
What's scaring you?
What...? Knock, knock.
Now, what scares you?
You scare yourself?
Why, what about yourself scares you?
Threatened.
Are you mad at me? No. Just tired.
You're her mother...? I bore her, but she's not mine.
Evil incarnate?
She kills people?
It's a lie.
`Cause she's a liar, that doesn't mean she made him do it.
How's the stress?
What are you doing, you silly pumpkinhead?
I'm getting too old for this shit.
Suck air.
This floor's freezing.
I mean breathing, not this frozen shit.
Let's knock off the grabass.
How do I get out of this chicken-shit outfit?
You do not want to fuck with me.
Where's the damn beacon?
Come on, we're wasting our time.
You'll be dead and you'll leave me alone.
In the walls, under the floor.
Hotter'n hell in here.
So...then the fusion containment shuts down.
Shit.
Is he fucking crazy?
He's -- (to Ripley) Let's go! Get on the Goddamn door!
He's fucking dead!
I'm gonna kill you, you useless fuck!
All right, we can't blow the fuck out of them...why not roll some canisters of CN-20 down there.
You son of a bitch.
What rank?
(rising) I want those specimens destroyed as soon as you're done with them.
These people are fucking dead, Burke!
They're at the fire door.
And it's too late to shut it down?
Now I'm gonna buy it on this fuckin' rock.
It's wasted.
(intense) I say we grease this rat-fuck son of a bitch right now! (pacing) I don't get it.
You don't see them screwing each other over for a fucking percentage.
They cut the power and avoided the guns.
Man, this is a big fucking signal.
(shouting) What?
You now have thirty seconds to reach... Punch it, Bishop!
Well, thanks, I -- (to Newt) Go! Here! Get away from her, you bitch! (screaming) Come on!
And the money feeds his portfolio of investments, which are daring, savvy, and obscenely succesf... Oh, I get it.
You hate round num...
Blackmail.
Fuck you.
Shit.
Thank y... ...no way I'm telling you shit.
You're fucking him, aren't you?
One act of fucking human kindness...
When you stole my suitcase.
Gold is shit.
I hate it.
Hell, if they do, they don't have the second key to get in.
Lying...over...there?
But that's your own bloody affair, isn't it?
An insurance investigator for Webber Assurance, your boss is an idiot named Hector Cruz, you've been there four years and ten months, you're quite the rising star.
The Vermeer that was stolen from Hancock Tower?
We lose.
Be my fucking guest.
I'm too old for this shit!
Exactly the kind of propaganda shit they eat up in Beijing.
I don't need th... MAC (whispers) Shut up.
Not being told what the fuck we're doing.
Wrong.
MAC (absently) Shut up.
Stupid girl.
What the hell?
What the hell took you so long?
(approaching, soundlessly) Who the fuck do you think you are, raising cash without coming to me? (calmer) Your ex-partner... I'm buying you out, Joey.
Fuck the contract!
(stunned) Jesus Christ... are you crazy?
The owner of this place is dead.
Bad fuckin' news.
And if you can get her boyfriend outa my hair, I'll promote you to fuckin' Joint Chiefs... Quit playing with yourself, Keegan.
(upset) Are you in charge here?
(disappointed) Shit!
My first detail, and I'm a fuckin' slug! (turning to T.J.) I got a 'choice' at all.
Get these skateboards off the goddamn kitchen floor!
(under his breath) Fuckin' A. Excuse me.
What the hell're you doin' to my car?
Oh, Jesus, what a fucking lunatic.
Fucking shopping.
Tell her she's a fucking lunatic.
(irritated) Gimme a spritzer, and a... vodka martini.
Take care of her! Venza! (protesting) But I got him!
You apprehended him after he gave himself up -- It wasn't a bad bust.
(turns, unloading on him) Where the fuck were you anyway, cowboy!
(exasperated) It was my fault, T.J. Fuck!
What shit, honey?
Garber's not bein' straight with the witness, she could be in deep shit if she identifies him, and it's my job to convince her she won't be.
I don't know why she bought me a tie! -- She's a generous person -- and she's a nice person -- and I could be settin' her up to be killed... you want the fuckin' tie? (joking) No, I don't want the 'fuckin'" tie -- I'm sorry -- (conciliatory) I'm glad she bought you a tie.
Listen, that was my fault.
(steamed) Don't tell me it was "no big deal," it was out of line, it makes you look like an asshole, and it makes me look like an asshole.
(a beat) Ah shit... Yeah, yeah, okay I'm on my way in.
Goddamn Venza assaulted a taxi driver in the Bronx, thirteen months ago.
You're going to have to piss in a bottle.
Do you want the fucking meatloaf or not?
Fuck.
A fuckin' joke?
I'm not saying it's your fault.
What's with this ridiculous silence?! Goddamn.
I never thought this would happen to me... you fuckin' sonofabitch...
Not for Tommy, not for your mother, or your fucking job, but for me.
I have so much respect... (through her tears; screaming) You fucker!
You dumb mother fucking FUCKER!
(angered) Look, do it or don't do it, but spare me the fuckin' lecture, all right?
(incredulous) She's what?
(outraged) What!
If you fuckin' shoot me, they'll come in here, and we're all dead!
Put the gun on me, he can't hurt you!
(rising) What the fuck you doin'?! There's a skateboard in the door!
Turn around, fuck! (desperate) Tommy...! I'm all right.
(emphatic) Fuckin' miracle, man.
They pretend to tie you up, and you wear a dress with a cloth belt and they pretend to whip you or you -- (beat) Hell it's their money.
You saw that, goddamn you?
What the hell do you mean, pathetic?
-- so you don't really need to -- Who the hell are you, buttoning me up?
Why hate and give and want and love?
Why? She's a junkie.
We could've had everything together, everything -- and then the bitch sold my mink!
(harshly) Why?
Hate.
The truth is I hate them: they must hate me.
He's dead.
-- don't worry, don't -- (coldly) From the beginning I don't know why the hell he's messin with you.
Fatal.
(he catches up with him) Are you going to shut down the beach on your own authority?
(beat) A shark of that size is no pleasure and I value my neck at a hell of a lot more'n 3,000 bucks.
But I'll kill him for ten.
It's three feet deep, Martin (angry now) Michael!
Screw lamb -- let's shoot the sirloin!
This is really dumb.
Get the hell out!
(a nerve has been touched) It is a job.
What the hell?
And you get the Mayor off my back with this zoning crap.
I don't want anyone with piss for blood on my vessel.
These greedy sons-a-bitches will eat their own guts.
(to Brody) The expert don't approve.
Big lonesome son of a bitch... -- he'll gulp it down now... (making gulping noises) Hooooooo!
(to Hooper) Neutral! (to himself) Where the hell is he going?
What the hell?
You read it off your fucking photo.
Shut your mouth!
It's broken.
What do I owe you?
Shit.
I Fucked up.
LEONARD (cont'd) Better tell me what the fuck's going on.
Ah! What the fuck?! It's a test, Sammy.
Test this you fucking quack.
LEONARD (cont'd) Who the fuck is Dodd?
LEONARD (cont'd) Fuck! Sorry.
What the fuck am I doing?
FUCK!
What the fuck am I doing?
I'm not reading it to annoy you, I enjoy it.
What the fuck!
BLONDE (cont'd) Shit.
The car was stolen, but his prints were all over it, along with some of his stuff.
Slam it?
It fits.
Fuck it.
What does it look like?! NATALIE (cont'd) He beat the shit out of me.
Who? Who?! Fuck, Leonard!
Dodd! Dodd beat the shit out of me.
Because of you, you fucking idiot!
He'll kill you, Lenny.
Yeah, I hated it.
He was beating the crap out of me!
Shit, I'm not a doctor, I'm a claims investigator.
What's wrong?
You're blissfully ignorant, aren't you?
I have this condition - I know about your fucking condition, Leonard!
Dying.
This cop wanted to know all about how he sets up deals, shit like that.
You're gonna take my			 * car and get the fuck out of here.
* (under his breath) Sneaky fuck.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Where the fuck's Teddy?
JIMMY (cont'd) You fucking retard, you can't get away with this - Strip! You're making a big fucking mistake.
I knew I couldn't trust that fuck - Quiet! LEONARD (cont'd) Pants, too.
I don't want your fucking money!
I want my fucking life back!
What's wrong?
TEDDY (cont'd)						* FUCK, Lenny!
That fucking kills!
A fucking cop.
He raped your wife and			 * fucked up your brain.
You lie		 * to yourself!
You don't want the truth,			 * the truth is a fucking coward.
As do our courts.
And so you take your experimentations to Sleepy Hollow and catch the murderer who has tainted the place.
Be a sport and stop complaining.
What the hell are you doing?
It instantly burnt the wound shut.
I am not here for revenge.
(angry) I did not ask you to, did I? Hail, Constable.
These scars.
For stealing a horse!
That is your task... to kill an undead thing.
For murder?
For poaching.
Are we intruding?
(turns, furious) Close your mouth!
low to the ground, What God-forsaken hell is this?
Stop this! Leave them alone!
Damn it.
We'll pass right by the son of a bitch.
He is dead.
The Horseman has killed her.
Damn you, Steenwyck!
It has been a terrible jolt to her nerves.
I failed you.
Open up, damn it!
I need able men... She's dead, and you have gone mad.
She commands the Horseman.
(beat) Imagine the anger and hatred she must have felt returning to this place.
Dead.
He said, if he ain't got the rest of his money by the end of the month, he's gonna "kick us the... (spells the word fuck to avoid saying it) F-U-C-K outta here."
Cursed in front of you?
Yeah, same old shit.
We can never leave once you start talking about tenure... and vacation pay... and parking privileges and... oh shit! let's just go to California now, right now, before it's too late.
Load up the Lincoln... point it West... stop when we hit the fucking ocean.
That's half the kick anyway.
Wasn't my fault... ...It was dangerous there and they treated me like shit.
(swallows a hiccup) Yeah... Well you never have been 'treated right'... Have you? (hiccup) Your father was pickin' on you when he threw you out of the house for stealing the tires off his truck.
Hey, I don't give two shits about what you want or don't want... I'm telling you to be there Friday, three o'clock sharp or the sheriff will be here for dinner.
Look, fuck the thesis.
(pause) "We don't stop... until we hit the fucking ocean."
(shouts) Hold on a minute there boy! Shit! Goddamit, you're gonna settle up that rent here and now.
I've had it with your bullshit boy.
...Too bad.
Hell if I know, crazy son of a bitch said he was thinking of moving to Texas.
Jesus Christ! ...Diebold?
Bitch, bitch, bitch!
...Um... Funky fucking sock.
This guy killed a mess of people.
Wonder what all them people done made him so mad?
He almost always killed strangers.
Only when I deserve it.
Shit, it ain't hard to play pool.
Hell yeah!
Hit him.
(angry) Bri' this shit ain't Lucky Lager! (to Early) Hey Asshole!
(to Early, furious) Why you fuckin'... Sorry about that, he's always causing trouble.
Gotta take a piss.
Me and the boys are just swingin' our sickles by the side of the road, and I turned around and there it was... this door with this bright blinding white light all around it... course I'm thinkin' I must be sunstroked or somethin'... so I close my eyes figurin' I'll count ten and it'll be gone right... so I'm countin'... (he closes his eyes) ...1-2-3-4-5... an' I'm 'bout ta piss myself right... -6-7-8-9... 10.
The accent, the clothes, and those table manners!... He's got to be a mass murderer!
Goddamnit!... my fucking toe! (to Brian inside room) Try not to lose consciousness 'til I get back.
Only thing my old man ever gave me is that goddamn .45.
(pissed off) Siesta.
When she was pissed at him, she'd beat the shit out of him and lock him in here overnight... (continuing) ...Eventually the boy wakes up one morning, picks up that sledgehammer and starts hurting back.
I know you're pissed off about the gun, and I don't blame you... Brian, I'm not pissed off.
Oh come on, don't give me that shit... you wanted to take these photos as much as I wanted you too.
Wrong!
(surprised at the feathers) What the fuck!
Damn right I do.
You wanna tell me how'n the hell you gonna write a book 'bout somethin' you don't know nothin' 'bout?
(beat) Why do you do it?
(beat) Why?
(Flash!) Were you angry?
(tentative) Who are you angry with Early... your mother, your father?
Shoot him.
Well Adele... it was for... (screaming at her) ...saving your fucking life back there!
He wasn't going to shoot her, you murdering son of a bitch!
(explodes) What the fuck is wrong with you Brian!?
Stop!! Oww! Oww!! -- FUCK!!!! (perplexed) Honey... What do you think you're doin'?
(explodes) You sick twisted fuck!
...I know I'd love to smash this bottle right in your fucking face.
How 'bout you?
Am I angry with my daddy?
Now why would I be angry with my daddy... you're the one hit me with the shovel.
What the hell do I know?
You box?
What the hell's a nostalgia shop?
Does that sound terrible to you?
My opinion is I hate it.
If it's bad I'll hate it because I hate bad writing and if it's good I'll be envious and hate it all the more.
Well you're under stress Why the hell would they be in the bathroom?
Car stops - picks up Gil, pulls off.
Shut-up and gimme your bandolier.
In the desert?
Robbery?
Kidnapping!
Then what the hell are you doing here!?
Oh shit.
(to himself) What the hell am I sayin'?
(to himself) What the hell am I doin'?
Son-of-a-bitch.
What are ya doing?! Wait up! Don't you close that door!
When Ramesses destroyed Syria, it was an accident.
You are a catastrophe!
Who the hell is Seti the First?
Then get me the hell outta here.
To be hanged.
You lie.
Yes, yes, you're right, filthy, rude, a complete scoundrel, nothing to like there at all.
Still angry that I kissed ya, huh?
Disgusting.
Yeah, disgusting.
What in bloody hell is this?
Well, what the hell we doin'?
Curse my ass.
Ah hell, let's open it anyways.
This man was cursed,... doomed.
The curse,... beware the curse!
Stupid superstitious bastard.
Where's my gun?
Damn-it!
We woke him up, and we must try and stop him.
You heard the man, no mortal weapons can kill this guy.
According to that Book, once this creature has been reborn, his curse will spread, and as he grows in strength, so will his curse grow, infecting the people until the whole of the earth is destroyed.
The hell with that!
What the hell you doin, being buddies with this creep, Beni?
Lie, and I'll slit your throat.
Damn-it! That's two down and only two to go.
The hell with this.
So what's the challenge then?
To save the damsel in distress, kill the bad guy and steal his treasure.
A little help would be useful... IF IT'S NOT TOO MUCH Okay, now what the hell does this Horus guy look like?
You only want me for my organs?! Who the hell are these guys?
They are evil, cursed, they matter not.
I found it Shut-up and get me off of here!
You will... What the fuck is that?
L-E-IT, Elliot Well, that's ridiculous.
Who let themselves be fucked in the ass by saintly motorcyclists and screamed with joy.
Oh, to hell with it.
Fuck.
I'm 5'11", 160 pounds.
Shit on me! Good morning.
(angry, through the bathroom door) You hooked it up to the phone, didn't you?
Is this kid bothering you, Kate?
What the hell is going on?
Shit! Get me the switching control center.
Hack the Planet!
Hack the Planet!
Listen to this bullshit.
It's commie bullshit!
What the hell are you doing?
Shit! Come on!
Pervert!
What the hell are you doing?
Are you challenging me?
You'll do shit work, scan, crack copyrights, whatever I want.
Dead.
Dead?
You are man enough to stick with the deal, aren't you?
I'm freaking!
They're charging me with some serious shit!
Do my ears deceive me?
When she's arrested, she will not have a trial, she will not pass go, she will go directly to jail.
Your mom will be arrested at work, she'll be handcuffed, and later, strip searched.
You leave her alone.
(angry) Damn!
Waste the dude.
What's wrong?
Type "Cookie", you idiot.
She knows shit about computers.
The password for this hungry little sucker belongs to Margo Wallace, head of public relations at Ellingson Mineral... Oh my God! (continuing) ...and Eugene Belford, Computer Security Officer.
Would you shut the fuck up?
I'm jealous.
(about to sob) Life doesn't... make... sense.
The disrespect I get.
Damn! She's asleep!
You don't have any fucking money.. Do you know what he's saying?
How the fuck could you do that to yourself?
You're blaming me?
And don't be callin' me that shit! (noticing him) Oh my, there goes the neighborhood.
He's right here, man... Fuck, man, where'd he go?
Motherfucker's got to put a crown on it.
What's wrong with me?
Who? (through the crack) Hello?
(annoyed) You're late.
What's your fuckin' problem, anyway?
What's your fuckin' problem?
Hey fuck you!
I deserve this shit.
He wants to know why you're not at band practice...? (quietly) Fuck... (to Rene) I forgot about that.
Fuck band practice...
So shut up and keep painting.. (touched) What time is it?
(pointing to Jean, sneering) He's so fulla shit.
(hissing) You fucking little whore!
Is there any anger in you?
What are you angry about?
I wish they'd quit writing this shit about me.
Piss painting?
If you ever want me to shit on 'em, just ask.
People are only interested in you because you're famous, not because they know a fuckin' thing about your work.
What about the shit they write?
Fuck that article.
Hey! Throw the ball back!
Wrong.
It's stupid, Benny.
The Beast.
You kill me Smalls.
Shut up, Squints - did not!
He threw The Beast a trash bag full of meat every night, and just left him alone.
The ones The Beast had killed... it added up to about 37 guys.
Shut up, I wasn't!
What's wrong with him?
Naw! God is that stupid!
He's gonna steal second.
We'll take another stab at catch when I get back, okay?
How 'bout you?
What the hell's he doing?
Think he's pissed?
We had absolutely no idea what the hell we were gonna do.
I blame myself.
You sound upset, son - what's wrong?
(after a pause) The Jet stole home!
The Jet stole home!!
Aagh! Stop!
Jerk.
It takes three bowlers to screw in a lightbulb.
What the fuck is this?
I deal with my own shit.
Fuck you and fuck bowling.
Sid and Breeze punch Theo in the face.
I hate when people call it a "Bowling Alley", it's so common!
(throws a blackened burger on Theo's styrofoam plate) I'll tell you one thing, you won't see me around that alley with that freak on the loose.
Stay away from his ass - and don't play any of his fuckin' knock-knock jokes.
(with rising anger) Why that filthy, slimey, double-crossing, misbegotten, two-faced, mangy, son-of-a- bitch bastard!
Theo nervously pulls his collar up over the hickey on his neck.
She hands the binoculars to Theo, who immediately trains them on the road.
(muffled) OK, hats on everybody.
(muffled) Dad, this is ridiculous.
Why should I help that old fuck.
Are you fucking with me Sheila?
(getting angry) Who's there!
I SAY KNOCK-KNOCK!
What did your dad tell you to do to Buzz? Theo scrambles up the lane on hands and knees.
He killed your stoolie embezzler father, and he's gonna kill you next!
Junior's out there! Mothers and daughters send out a cacophony of screams and scatter for their cars.
Sid slams the doors shut.
He freaked.
I killed him once, I'll just have to kill him again.
Now he lies at peace alongside his lane brothers here in Bowlers' Field.
He owes me.
You'll owe me.
He trusts you to lock up?
And who the fuck is that?
I got a surprise for you, blondie... (sharply, as if he's used to giving orders) Why don't both of you shut up? (to Gregor at the same time) Fuck you!
Who the fuck are you?
You were a soldier, were you?
I won't say it again: we don't have time for this shit!
They'd have to keep something like this under lock and key in New York, and it would still get fucked up.
He's a cop, Vincent, he's French and he's a cop and you better shoot him in the fucking head right now! (to Vincent) What's going on?
You need to know a lot of shit, Vincent.
"Have the girl fuck him."
Fuck you!
Fine with fucking me, we got work to do.
(incredulous) What?
As my American friend Larry would say: are you fucking deaf?
(suddenly cold, furious) I'm in the middle of saving you people a great deal of money -- the least you could do is have the decency to pay me!
I hate to interrupt a conversation of such cultural depth... ...but we've got to get back on the road.
Hey... Cold cocking the poor son-of-a-bitch would have sufficed, Seamus, don't you think?
That double-crossing bitch.
Kidnaping.
Assassination.
Because I owe you.
You lose them!
Gimme a goddamn cigarette!!!! (fumbling with a cigarette) Why are you driving?
We need out fucking heads examined.
(a hideous laugh) Plastic fucking surgeon?
You're thinking with your gun, Seamus, and not your head... (losing it) Shut up!!! (he puts a gun to her head) Shut up and drive!
I'm your superior officer and you will do as I goddamn well say, is that understood?!? Do I need to repeat myself?
Time to quit.
(he hates this) Would you stop with that... Why? You've got more force of will than anyone I've ever seen.
I wanted to play straight with you, but Edvard insisted we try and kill you.
But you hate each other!
What's a little hate between business partners?
(under her breath) That fucking figures... Should any of you decide to rush me, I'll kill myself and whoever happens to be near me at the time.
Go ahead, shoot... Shoot and kill the bitch, I don't care.
Don't do it, Sam! Shut up! He'll kill me anway, Sam, shoot though me and kill this fucker.
(a horrible croak) If you don't, I will... (to Sam, in a cold pale rage) Shoot that traitorous bitch and I'll let you live.
It's bloody fucking freezing in here!
You son-of-a-bitch... What?
Destroyed.
I told you, I quit.
Only the stupid ones.
But there were complications.
A beat.
I cleaned up your shit and made you disappear.
A beat.
A gearwheel with no bite is useless to him.
You'll upset the balance.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
Are you out of your fucking mind, Jack?
Someone has to pay for this shit, Jack!
Why the fuck would I take a contract out on my own profit margin?
I told you to come to Rome! God damn it you've got a job to do!
CLARA senses this immediately.
A beat.
Eat shit and die, pimple dick?
His nerve-heightened senses take in everything: the sound of the cicadas, the buzz of the neon strip-lights and the creak, creak, creak of the engine oil sign outside, endlessly revolving.
(finally, spitting out smoke) Boy...boy...boy... (a little annoyed) Boy, what?
But it does make a damn to me! (turning, intrigued) Why? Why?
So you got your job in the cafe... (getting closer to home now, hitting them right in there) And every morning you wake up and you hate it.
You just hate it.
No, this is a stolen Chevrolet 8- cylinder coupe.
(affronted in his dumb way) What do you mean?
Damn!
You...! Count of you I killed a man.
Murder...you too.
(continuing) Dumb ass stupid.
Ever do a dumb thing like that again, I'll kill you boy! Ssshh!
(death has no reality for her) Who'd wanna kill a sweet young thing like me? (amused in spite of himself) I ain't no sweet young thing.
I'm just a mess from driving all day.
(as soon as the door is shut; conspiratorially) It was you or him, wasn't it?
That guy you killed.
She's what's the matter with me, a damn stupid back country hick without a brain in her head.
What makes you so damn special?
(a little pissed) --he ain't lost...them banks are offerin' extra reward money fer us, and Frank figured on easy pickin's, didn't you?
(he suddenly knocks Bryce's hat off) Didn't you? --Now you ain't hardly doin' your job, Texas Ranger.
Hell, they're over the State line.
(disappointed) Hell.
(realizing the possibility, he suddenly stops being mad and turns chicken) We'd better get the police and let them handle this.
(tautly, in a flat voice) Get them out of here.
Leave me alone!
Leave me alone!
What in hell made you do a damn fool thing like that?
But the laws fooled around, Kept taking him down And locking him in a cell, Till he said to me, "I'll never be free So I'll meet a few of them in hell."
If they try to act like citizens And rent them a nice little flat About the third night They're invited to fight By a sub-gun's rat-tat-tat.
(continuing) Damn, Bonnie!
You musta been one hell of a waitress!
(expletive) Whew!...
What's wrong?
Why? Paramount refuses to finance the movie.
Whatever you do, Alfred, don't lose your temper.
The rage lurking behind that little-boy-lost grin.
Stop grumbling.
Hold the cock.
A useless cylinder of ugly flesh.
I'd hate to take you away from your writing partner.
I already told you -- that treatment is a waste of time.
Screw him.
I'll be damned.
We're denying your seal, Mr. Hitchcock.
Rob me.
Sounds smashing.
(as he leads on the car) I don't do laundry, or put up with cheeky bastards who set me up on their territory so they can poach on mine.
Oh bloody hell.
That they're lying.
Damn near set me on fire on my way over here.
I'm a bloody thief.
What lawyer?
I'll be damned.
(lowering binoculars) Bloody hell, Nyah!
You're dead!
Mate, you kill it in both places, we're laughin' and we go home.
Five and a half minutes.
(frustrated in the extreme) You..bitch!
And Hunt.
God damn it, Nyah!
Why did you save that bastard?
Wrong.
Bellerophen destroys Chimera.
AMBROSE (cont'd) Bloody hell!
You're breaking up.
Hunt.
And our field office in Rapid City is getting a lot of heat... none of the investigations have turned up jack shit.
They hold a lot of old anger for the white man out here.
Yuppies with guns.
Somebody was serious about doing this guy, that's for sure.
Who the fuck is he? -- a fucking cop.
He's a fucking cop.
(to Ray) He likes that Russian shit that -- They ain't liquor salesmen.
A murder.
They're killing each other.
Penetrate.
He was dumped here.
He got in his car and went Hell- bent-for-Holy-Sunday outta here.
He ditched that pine bough three miles across the flat, in the Little Bear River, it floated down to Thundershield Gap.
Based on the depth of that print, pressure releases... I'd say he goes two-ten, two-fifteen -- Bullshit.
Shit's been goin' on too long.
Maybe you're not aware of this, Crow Horse, but I just flew in from a place called the Twentieth Century where we have such things as electrostatic tracking methods, psycholingusitics, DNA fingerprinting; I don't have to crawl around with the scorpions and talk to the fucking trees to get answers.
No, the officer's been bitten by a fucking badger, okay?
Get a Fugitive Alert fucking now!
He also said, don't trust the fucking Cookie Monster.
She talks a lot of shit.
We'll have a runner.
That's good goddamn work, Ray.
(a quiet, tired laugh) Where the fuck did they send us?
Forgive my cultural ignorance.
But you think that's bullshit too, don't -- (ala Crow Horse) -- Leo Fast Elk was sitting in the outhouse at Maisy Blue Legs when a car pulled into the yard.
(lightly) Yeah, alright, alright -- fuck you -- give a yuppie a badge and he wants to take over the world.
(whispering) Motherfucker.
I want the motherfucker so bad I'm getting a bleeding ulcer.
These fucking people like to run, don't -- -- Cooch.
Goddamn.
You're hammered.
Cut the shit.
I don't give a goddamn about your case.
A low-rent, expendable public servant sent in to take a bullet for his country.
I'm sick of your shit -- I'm sick of the two of ya timber niggers spewin' off.
What's so damn funny?
Damn.
Must be a bitch getting around in that wheelchair.
They sent me here because this whole thing has been fucked.
Do you know what I mean when I say this whole thing has been fucked, Richard?
What the fuck you talkin' about?
(not moving) I get thrown in solitary until I don't know my own fuckin' name, and then you people tell me I can beat nine years if I help you.
How the hell do you know?
Shit's comin' down.
You fucking hot head, we can get in trouble for that.
We're running a cover-up and you didn't -- You ever put your hands on me again and you'll be doing the books for a baitshop in the fucking Everglades, Mister.
You didn't tell me about Red Deer Table -- -- what the hell is Red Deer Table?
You don't question that, you don't go digging into that shit -- that's insubordination.
Jesus Christ -- -- if they mine uranium there, these people will have no place left to go...
You call teams in and this is gonna be a fucking media event.
Bullshit, let's get outta here, Grandpa... X21, please read.
What's that smell?
Don't get him involved with none of your bullshit, Roy.
He in the best fuckin' hands in Rancho Chocomunga, baby!
Naw, them dudes is assholes.
Fuck you, Day-Day.
Shit, you my brother's son.
I be damned.
Man, I quit!
Where the hell you meet this girl?
Damn, you got a stalker.
We moved out here to get away from that shit.
Yeah, it's bad.
Oh damn.
Now you stuck on stupid.
If you shut up I'll tell you.
But if Pinky catches you doing that X-Games shit off his counter top, we both getting fired.
I can't get jiggy with this shit.
(getting loud) Where is the damn manager?
Can I see the CD? No, give me my damn money back.
I can't give you your damn money back on this.
Shit.
Hell yeah, I remember you.
They're assholes.
That's fuckin' poetic, Craig.
Damn nigga, don't Jack the joint.
Fuck yeah.
Now give me my pistol back and get the hell out my store.
Ah damn.
Damn.
What?! Damn.
Say, man, what the hell you doing in there?
What the fuck you looking at?
Who the fuck is that, Day-Day?
They killed my board.
I say we go over there and kick their asses.
Baloney??
I said I'll take your fuckin' ass later.
That's what the baloney's for!
JOKER (cont'd) Who locked this fuckin' door?!
Shut the window.
You shut the window.
Oh shit.
A guy like me, and a dog like you, don't need this bullshit.
Is that door locked?
I be damn.
You wanna knock?
You fuckin' lover boys hear that?
Stop kicking their door.
What the fuck you want?
Get the fuck outta here!
A man, you broke my fuckin' board and I don't appreciate it.
Hell naw, Willie.
Them fleas and tics must be sucking on yo' brain!
Willie, shut up.
I gotta go get my shit.
Why can't we be friends?'... (still singing) 'I hope my cousin call the C.I.A.' Shut the fuck up! JOKER (cont'd) If you don't tell me where my money is, I'mma show you how close we can get.
(thinking) Shut up! Where's that other miyatea?
Shut yo' ass up.
Tape his mouth shut.
I'm sick and tired of bullshitting with you guys.
Here, boy! Nigga, you got knock the fuck out.
I slip my disc, again... Oh got damn.
Where are these fucking guys?
Hey, that George Jefferson shit works.
Make 'em my bitch.
Besides, the arrogant son of a bitch bastard smiled at me. (singing) I shot the sheriff...
(angry) I protest the unfound charges of the oil minister from Venezuela.
We can end this shit now.
Fuck the hostages!
How do you stand this shit Annibal?
(under his breath) How about fuck you.
You motherfuckers!
Jack!! Amos you piece of shit!
You crazy-assed mother fucker!
Then you fucking deal with it.
You want to fuck everything.
He'd bring whatever woman he wanted home and make his wife fuck her.
Okay... We're in a fucking foreign country on a secret mission...
I mean Libya... shit.
That window was a signal wasn't it?! Wasn't it you puta bitch!
You sold me out! [Gunfire?! What the hell is going on?!] Illich... you must get dressed.
What shooting... who?
What the fuck are you talking about, you didn't know she was working with the DST?
How the fuck should we know?
And we sure as shit weren't gonna let them in on you being here.
Too dangerous... what the fuck do you think that was back there?
How the fuck more dangerous does it have to get? Annibal, the important thing was it worked!
You fuckin' maniac!
I killed our allies!
Hey fuck our allies!
I want the bitch dead!
I want the cunt dead!
Hit her in Paris, right under their fucking noses and leave Europe through London.
(pissed off) No rules, remember?
(hissing) You idiot!
I don't need you to buy me a fuckin' beer, you piece of shit.
And you stick your face in my business again and I'll beat the living fuck out of you.
What are you smilin' at, asshole?
What happened to I want the son of a bitch dead?
You walk away from it now and what do you think you're gonna be like the next time you read that that son of a bitch blew up some airplane full of women and kids.
What the fuck?
Kill him... Kill him... Don't shoot.
It's me you asshole!
Let's get the fuck out of here.
What the fuck are you talking about... Awfully warm for this time of year isn't it?
I'm hit!
He's furious.
It was your stupid strategy!
Pathetic fools!
Just then, the floor of the courtyard STARTS TRANSFORMING - - the center line of the floor snaps shut like the halves of a gigantic steel shelled clam, trapping Starscream's foot.
Wrong!
Blaster swivels around and tilts to see... activates turret type LASER CANNON Gonna lay some slugs on those overweight bugs! (FIRES Laser Cannon) LASER BLAST cooks out and we FOLLOW IT OFF SCREEN to... as a Laser BLAST hurls Bombshell up and out of sight and causes Shrapnel and Kickback to get sucked into the vacuum.
Rumble!
Frenzy!
Sic 'em! as Cubbie takes him down by the foot, turning him over and over as he SNAPS at Ratbat who screams and darts, trying to escape as we move to You think you got through to Prime?
(he FIRES Catapult) and explode harmlessly as Devastator continues to grunt and tear off armored layers of the city.
Destroy Devastator! Uhhhh!
Prime!? smashing through a wall of lesser Decepticons.
Punching... That's his fight, lad! Stay away.
Shooting.. grabs a jagged, spearlike piece of steel and hurls it at The steel "spear" pierces his side and sticks in him as... ... he charges Megatron, ...dodging shots from Megatron's gun to... ...deliver a huge UPPERCUT which... ...lifts Megatron into the air so high that... ... his head butts sharply against overhanging concrete balcony, mashing him down... lands and stealthily slips a laser dagger from his boot, turning and slashing at... as he comes for him, tearing... ...a gash across Prime's midsection, which spews smoke and sparks and... (gloating) Farewell, Prime! as he lifts chunks of broken concrete and catches the laser dagger on it, tossing it aside as he lunges at- who claws his fingers and digs them into Prime's eyes I'll rip out your optics!
Yeah! Let's kick tailgate.
You exaggerate.
A strange, LOUD HUM fills the air and the ground heaves and SHAKES beneath their feet Where'd that come from?! Who cares?
Somehow we must destroy it before it devours Cybertron.
Grimlock is like a "spooked horse" refusing to be shut in the barn.
This reminds me of the battle on Alpha 9, when the Petro-Rabbits were...(annoyed) Grimlock, get your noodle out of my face!
as DECEPTICON FIREBALL COMES UP and SPLATTERS AGAINST WINDOW, sending tongues of fire running across the glass behind Hot Rod's head You got 'em! (to Kup) Tell Grimlock about Petro-Rabbits again.
The explosions jammed my sensors.
Damn it!!
slender, spindly framed robotic creatures with oversized five sided heads, each side bearing a different mechanistic face with a different expression on each - smiling, angry, grimacing, suspicious and the fifth face is not yet to be seen.
Guilty!!
The place where everything ends up after you throw it out.
Why do you torture me?!
You have failed.
Destroyed, with him.
(furious) Who say that?
You buy! (eyes blaze, furious) Me, Grimlock, "fool?" (smiling breezily) Picture you got.
Execute them.
Damn it!
Unicron LAUGHS and the force of it rocks the surface of the planet, knocking Galvatron to his knees.
No!!! Decepticons...we're under attack...Scramble - Then his voice is cut off as... GALVATRON Stop feeding him, you fools!
... His hands smash fighters... ... Fire shoots from his mouth.
Dad! Shut off the control, Daniel.
How should I be ... arrogant?
Anna! Stop ... stop the boat!
I detest it.
(to Sandro) What were you and Anna arguing about?... Excuse me for being so indiscreet, but this is serious... Nothing but the usual argument...
It was disastrous.
So you can assume that she had them.
And you do deserve it.
(with a grave, youthful sensuality) Why don't you try? Me... Goffredo, you're mad! (turning to Claudia) He's mad.
You got condoms?
Damn it, why are you ruining my night?
What's wrong?
Goddamn you got a small ass.
I need my damn passport back.
Ask me if I give a shit.
How the hell did Tan get away with it?
Black people keep their cool when the shit goes down.
You people were screaming your asses off.
She hated my voice.
Is it hot in here?
Hot?
The house making out okay? (to Kenny) This is where I say I'm LAPD in a loud voice, they all scream and run and shit.
Lee, what the hell are you doing?
I hate that fortune cookie shit.
Pardon the expression, but Jesus H. Christ.
Kept opening the doors and windows of my spirit, but couldn't see a goddamn thing.
Repayment for punching you in the nose.
Beats the hell outta me, asshole.
Stop it, you... you... you nudnick!
You have no right to stop them.
Don't goddamn try, Joan! Goddamn do it!
(a litany) I hate this place, I hate this place, I hate this place.
I became a goddamn doctor because my goddamn father wanted me to be a goddamn doctor because he was a goddamn doctor!
He was the goddamn king of doctors!
It's too goddamn hard!
Well, that was your goddamn mistake!
He's mad.
What a curse that you can't use it.
Can I go with you if I shut up?
Killed twenty- three people and jumped a shuttle.
If that's the case, everybody's up shit creek.
Industrial refuse.
The rich hate to pay, Sebastian.
Nerves of steel.
That bothered me.
What's suck night?
That's what we call in the trade, audition free-for- alls and most of it sucks.
What the fuck for?
Now how can be do that if you blow one away in front of a fuckin' audience.
I gotta piss.
I think I'll piss outside.
Fuck you, then.
If it wouldn't be too much of a bother... a little bite to eat would be... Oh, no bother, I'd be glad to.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What are you, nuts?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Hell, you know, Coca-Cola's the world's number one soft drink, but they spend more money than anybody on advertising.
Don't you fucking knock?
Are you crazy?
You're scaring him.
(between bites) Yeah.
Fuck me.
People I Who cares about this stupid election?
That little bitch made a fool of us I want her out of the election.
She should be expelled.
And shut the door behind you.
Wait - are you accusing me?
Can I? Can I? Well, fuck them.
(suddenly angry) Why did you do that?
(lying) I hate it.
Dick Metzier.
Fucked himself up.
Can't get off that shitty dump they live on.
She's in trouble?
I'm a lawyer.
It should be said that my task is to represent the Walkers only in their anger.
The door needs a lock.
A lot of people...well, people in this town are very angry.
And there'll be a court stenographer there to make a record of it, and that's what'll go to the judge, before the trial is set.
It was the car's fault.
Fighting.
When Buttercup got the news that Westley was murdered -- (off-screen, perking up a little) -- murdered by pirates is good -- (off-screen) She went into her room and shut the door.
Then there will be no one to hear you scream- What is that you're ripping?
The sworn enemy of Florin.
(whirling on Fezzik) Am I going mad or did the word "think" escape your lips?
Look, I don't mean to be rude, but this is not as easy as it looks.
I hate waiting.
My father refused.
You're trying to kidnap what I've rightfully stolen.
Does it bother you to hear?
All it can do is delay it for a while.
And that's what she is, the Queen of Refuse!
Sheesh!
Are you a rotten liar.
So you're probably playing cards, and he cheatedLiar -- LIAR-LI-A-A-ARget back, witch I'm not a witch, I'm your wife.
Let's get on with it Wrong!
What if he resists?
I lost my temper at myself.
No. Well, if your throat gets parched, stick a pebble in your mouth and suck on it.
Do you steal?
Are you depressed?
Where the hell are you?
Because you're a fugitive.
He's dead.
She stabbed Redford in the back with lefty scissors!
Bite on this.
I do blame him -- (pointing to Scout Master Ward) -- but I also blame myself and both of you.
She's violent, Mrs. Bishop.
It's assault.
Are you a lawyer?
Little brothers drive people crazy.
That was a lie.
Damn us.
It's worthless to me.
He can't keep his trap shut.
That's my fee.
What'd I do wrong?
Where's your goddamn troop?
She was attacked.
Be notified that you stand accused of the mistreatment and What are you talking about?
Over! Counsellors?
What's his rank?
Everybody hates it.
Screw you!
You know what, you suck.
The boys who killed Rudy cut a deal.
A damn year!
Asshole, move your fucking truck!
What are you doing to "get crazy"?
Who? Shut up! Leave now.
I'd rather you tell me I sucked then lie.
How evil can you get? Jeff Laskey is dead.
That's terrible.
Jeff wasn't a saint when I met him, but he sure as hell wasn't headed here.
(tearing up) That fucking asshole!
You think they'll want to start over again with that baby shit?
JACOB (cont'd) Holy shit!
That's a gun.
It's like the thinner I get, the more she hates me.
Fuck you, it's a birthmark!
After first night falls, you'll be pissing yourself.
Where the hell did you get this?
I'll shoot you in the fucking face, I swear it!
But you have Keith now What the hell does that mean?
It's not easy being different... (screams) I'm not different!!
Let me out, God damn it!
(beat) I'm sorry for being such an asshole to ya.
(annoyed) Right.
Eddie's going to be mad.
I said, "Pa, leave him alone.
(frowning) Yeah....
I'm going to quit.
What am I killing myself for?
I'm going to quit!
I'm going to quit.
I feel so mad right now, you better keep an eye on me, Kennie, because I'm going to wind up punching somebody.
It'll kill your wife.
Oh, these parties are mad, man.
(himself sullen and angry) Cut it out.
You keep punching me, I swear I'm going to belt you one.
(just as angry) All right!
(gets to the door, pauses, then turns, his sudden hot temper gone as quickly as it had come) Hey, you guys, you guys want to go to a nutty night club, look at the nuts?
My nerves are shot.
(dully) Leave me alone, Charlie.
Choke! 03/22/2004 10.
What's the matter, sweetie, pissed that one judge only gave you a 9.7?
It's a disaster.
Are you Blue Bay's richest bitch?
Holy shit, who invited her?
I ain't here for your stupid party.
Get the hell outta here!
Damn girl, whattcha been drinking?
Make me... he crowds gather to watch the cat-fight, in equal parts appalled What the hell's going on here?
What the hell... What are you doing here at this time of night?
(without conviction) Team Clifford... What the hell?
He can't afford to waste time with this frivolous nonsense... 03/22/2004 23.
oly shit...
I gots too much class for that shit.
Objection.
One was that bastard Jay Clifford taping me with that Goddamn video camera while he violated me.
Lying bitch!
Here's one big fucking glaring inconsistency for you: I was set up! Maybe so, but that's not good enough.
How the fuck should I know?
I...I think I fucked up... How?
What the hell, Chad?
If I'd gotten to the scene just five minutes earlier, I woulda gotten her as well... What the hell... Elena... 03/22/2004 62. Chad!
Useless bitch... Don't move!
Then let's have those dead presidents... What the hell are you doing?
I hate you, Mom!
You got the right to remain silent, which in your case is probably best, cos of the shit you come up with... That's two strikes, Elena.
You came so close to nailing the Black Widow, don't let this slip through your fingers, Detective... Speak of the Devil... You're gonna answer it.
We're in a world of shit!
I'll tell 'em you made me lie about your stepfather raping me, made me perjure myself on the stand, went and killed Chad, and now... (sotto) 99.
You stupid fucking Sherbert.
They made me do it... Morrison doesn't know his prick from a pogo stick.
And that bitch Parole Officer, she hasn't got the balls for this... Please, don't... 03/22/2004 84.
Holy shit.
You smug son of a bitch.
And I didn't lie about who fired the shots that killed the Clifford kid.
You two got me out of a mountain of shit, I'll tell you that.
'bout time... That's an awful lot of money... Who the hell... 03/22/2004 97.
You deserve them... My fucking Step-Monster'll never give me the Goddamn key... 03/22/2004 98.
I hate to trouble you but there's been a bit of a mix up.
Oh shit.
Stauffenberg looks over the scene, expressionless.
Oust him, kill him.
An officer's duty, you said.
I'll refuse the promotion.
The explosion won't do the killing.
Fucking politicians.
A soldier.
You are dismissed.
(whispering) What the hell is going on?
Olbricht addresses the men, trying unsuccessfully to hide his nerves.
Dismissed.
Then, God willing, we can negotiate a truce with the Allies and spare Europe from total destruction.
Dammit man, what is it?
It's too hot.
He puts on his hat and coat now, turning to leave.
The Colonel left his hat.
His stationery... "Fuck it."
A smug Fromm enters, followed by Herber, the Fat General, Remer and numerous GUN-TOTING OFFICERS.
Involvement.
You're just as guilty as we are.
Berthold, Stauffenberg's brother, is taken from his flat in Berlin.
A small clique of ambitious, dishonorable, stupid officers have conspired to eliminate me.
Hey I didn't do nothin'...cut it out... Hey, hurry up with that shit will ya.
More shit...? Naw...that ain't shit...that's a German lens.
You are with out a doubt the biggest, most pretentious bullshit thrower I know.
Pretentious bullshit.
Will you guys shut up with the witches and tigers.
Should I slap him?
Hey, shut up.
Disgraceful.
(pretending to be angry) Hello...fifth precinct?
Well... yelling, fighting, throwing things.
He wouldn't shoot him just because he insulted a racket guy...not unless it was personal.
The kid's a climber...not very bright...but if you get down to his level to look at it his way; he kills a guy who insulted a big man - he gets a reputation.
That W.A.S.P. bastard.
Now wait here...and keep your mouths shut!
Shit! Can we hold it at $3,000?
Stupid bastard...you get your cousin half-sick over this.
What the fuck... Let's get out of here.
Well, he was always a little crazy... he puts a gun in his mouth... ...like your friend...comme si chiama...Henning?
I was more upset about that than about Groppi, that's for sure.
What Mario's trying to tell you, Charlie, is that you're wasting your time with those "couple of courses" ...you don't need them.
Man, it's hot as Hell in here, every day like going through Hell in here.
Hot as hell...You're not the only one going through Hell kid.
Lower the fuckin music--I can't hear nothin.
Keep your mouth shut.
You crazy?
Shut up! Yeah, Teresa, shut up!
Hate to miss the floor show, though.
You crazy bastard!
(to the Boy) Fuck off.
Twenty-eight bucks is enough of an insult...I was gonna take the twenty-eight bucks because of Charlie here...but ten bucks!
I fuck you where you breathe!
You stupid bastard!
I need the five bucks.
(irritated) Thanks for the evening, Hooker.
(he comes up with 30) Aw, the hell with ya.
(standing outside the booth) What the hell you gonna do when Snyder rushes his finger right to Lonnegan?
He never gets anything first...Damn, there's no answer at Luther's.
Goddamn you, Luther, will you get up?
Get up, you son of a bitch.
Goddamn you, Luther, goddamn.
(blowing up) We'll get 'em!
(to the Conductor) Where the hell is this guy?
I was takin' a crap.
(irritated) Lonnegan.
I'm gonna bust that bastard in one play.
Hell, they don't do that and you know you're not gettin' through to 'em.
Go on, ya goddamn ninny.
It was too noisy.
Hell, you come in here, I teach you stuff maybe five guys in this world know, stuff most grifters couldn't do even if they knew it, and all you wanna do is run down a bullet.
(irritated) What the hell's the matter with you.
The hell with ya.
(pissed) Oh, Jesus.
Hell yes.
You come in before we beat him and I'll kill him.
The dicks took their end without a beef.
You give me my goddamn money back!
What did I say about mentioning that bitch?
(uncomfortable) Where the hell are you taking us anyway?
Are you nuts?
There's an art to mass destruction.
(recoiling) What?
The hell you aren't.
Look how small that fuse is! I'll get killed.
Shit, Lenny.
Buying popcorn, what the fuck are you doing?
(acidic) Lenny's been through a hell of an ordeal no thanks to you.
Yeah, you're the one who fucked up the bell-curve on my Anthropology final.
Make one peep and I swear it'll be your last, motherfucker.
Oh my God oh my God... What the hell?
Un-fucking-real!
My bad.
Hey, you were with those assholes who threw popcorn at Thumper.
Huh? Fuck off, frat boy.
Leave me alone, asshole.
Are these the answers?! Damn, Evan, on the D.L. (holding it lower) Thanks.
Fuck 'em.
Right in front of the goddamn frat house!
Hey man, would you call your "country" a "cunt"?
Damn it, Mom.
Motherfucker!
Shit.
I mean, do I suck your dicks right now?
(angry) I ain't no fucking kike if that's what you mean.
Rot in hell you fucking animals.
You're acting crazy!
Oh fuck, Lenny, no! Christ.
(angry again) Oh, I'm sorry.
Whenever I try to help anyone it all turns to shit.
Hell, why don't you go back in time and save Mrs. Halpern and her baby.
Go back when I'm seven and fuck me in front of Daddy's handicam, you know, straighten me out a bit... Get out.
Get the hell back!
Fucking losers.
(concerned) Destroy it?
Where are my goddamn books?
I hate you.
(annoyed) Put it through down here.
Is she still angry?
I hate it.
I hate this!
It is revolting!
That was the punch line.
Hot.
Counselor.
What the hell's going on?
But why destroy a star...? (beat) Thank you, Guinan.
(beat) But why?
(urgent) Mistress!
Eliminate them.
Lock phasers and return fire! (to Troi) Deanna, take the helm.
Mistress -- our shields are down!
Oh, shit.
You're a Starfleet Officer and you have a duty to -- (hard) I don't need to be lectured by you.
Come show me how stupid I am.
Would it kill you to invite me out on the floor once in awhile?
It was tough as hell, but I'd do it again.
What was his crime?
That he was upset?
When Maggie died, yeah, it knocked the shit out of him.
Kill those alarms!
If we get below 20% atmosphere, the power will shut down!
I can't get this damn machine to re- initialize!
Shutting down artificial gravitational rotation.
What the -- Shut down engines!
I'm gonna use the gun to slow you.
Son of a bitch!
(pause) Damn right.
But what the hell is it?
Damn close.
What if you're wrong?
How bad?
Then let's get the hell out of here!
Let's get the hell out of here!
Ahh!!! Assholes.
Hey, relax, I nearly shit myself when my boss pulled that one on me.
Shhhh... Stop it right there!
Goddamn it!
(mocking) What's that?
Nothin' but a bunch of butts and pussies in here!Shit!
They're like goddamn blood hungry biker tattoos come to life.
Goddamn you!
You'll hit her!
What the FUCK was that?
Is there a gun pointing at you? Nah, I got the gun.
Alright goddamn it!
Who shot me!? Who did it!?
My goddamn foot is gone!
Who fuckin' shot me?
Who fuckin' shot me!? (motioning to Heroine) Her fella.
What? (noticing destruction) What the hell happened down here?!
It was fuckin' monsters, asshole!
So, your dead hubby shot me twice, three of my customers have been eaten, and there are angry creatures outside?
He only shot you once.
Fan-fuckin-tastic.
Damn it!
Fuck you, bitch!
Get the fuck off...
You understand me!? Yes! Now pull that tough boy shit again and I'll slice you from neck to nuts!
Fuckin' bullshit.
This is fucking BULLSHIT!
(trembling, pissed) Right.
Shit!
The first order of business is gettin' a big fuckin' tampon in that cave!
Who the hell would you call?
I'll wait by the door.
With what happened upstairs -- Shut up! Shut your mouth.
You should try a little, it'll calm your nerves.
Double shit!
Hoh-SHIT!
That back room is sealed shut.
It's a shot.
Fuck you too.
When you get to that truck... drive it like you stole it.
You don't want the rag touching booze, that way you can hold it and ensure it explodes when you throw it.
The bitch is mine!
You fuck with my family.
(aiming shotgun) I fuck right back! Oh shit.
Shut up! Goddamn it!
It fuckin' stopped!
What the fuck are you doing?!
F-f-fuck you.
What the hell happened?
What the hell?! Settle down!
The fan has officially been buried in the shit.
Get me FUCK BIRDS!
Oh shit!
Brother!!! Shit! (overly endearing) I meant to tell you so much!
Motherfucker!!! Lord, if I die, bury me upside down so the world can KISS MY ASS!
I'm a goddamn hero for Christ's sake!
Thanks for waitin' for me back there, really fuckin' appreciate it!
(screams) What's up?
No question, Mrs. Bruce is a psycho-bitch from hell.
Your mom's a fuckin' dyke.
Trip, you fuckin' asshole.
Now get out of those rags.
Someday you'll see the futility in forging a musical career with those idiots.
What a fuckin' waste of time.
You know what they say about a big ass... big shit.
Shit, that dork is Jam.
Yeah, she gives you shit and you take it.
She was standing right over me when I was changing for fuck's sake.
You fuckin' jinxed us!
Too bad we're stuck in electronics or... Never mind with the too bad shit.
(hoarsely) Get the hell out of here, Verudi!
I'm Trip.
It goes, "Catch my jizz in your mouth and stop jinxing us, asshole."
But... but, St. Bernard's is way the hell over in the next county!
Damn straight we are.
He couldn't get any deeper into shit if he was a fly sitting in a horse's ass.
Shit!
How the hell are we gonna know when he's lit?
The Prodigal Son is a barrel of fucking monkeys!
What the hell are you doing, Sister Gonorrhea, waiting for a bus?
Only a car full of guidos and stellas would ride someone's ass on a two- lane road and beep.
Holy shit!
We just pissed off the Incredible Hulk, his idiot half brother and two circus clowns.
What the fuck!
Shut-up, Christine!
No, I'm dumber than a goddamn slug.
That's disgusting!
Trip!
That's so fuckin' rude, man.
She's a fuckin' tease.
Tease?
What the hell did I do to tease you mongoloids?
You're a fag hag! Come on, Hawk.
You call that John Travolta/Denny Terio shit dancing?
Hey, if you don't like that one, maybe you'll think it's funny when we throw your ass out the goddamn car!
Man, this is some kickass shit! (beat) Gimme a hit off that jay will ya?
Kind of funny, I thought He'd be pissed as hell at me.
I'm Trip.
Trip?
Trip? (beat) What kind of total moron would hang...? Well, there you have it.
Jam, shut-up!
But this... tribal, ritualistic bullshit, it's way-too-spontaneous for me.
It's about time you gave up on that stupid dream once and for all.
Look, I want to live, but I don't know where the fuck I'm gonna find two hundred bucks.
Shit! Close that door!
I may be an intelligent, upright, walking, homo-fucking sapien, but you fleabags are a force of nature.
Yeah, and payback's a bitch.
What the hell is that?
My name's not Woody, it's Haw-haw... ...holy shit!
So far you've seen me and my dick throw up.
Gimme your gun, boy! No, you gimme your gun, boy! Don't tempt me, I'll shoot!
Cause if you did, you'd realize what a LOUSY, GODDAMN, SHITTY- (timidly) Jeremiah... what's gotten into you?
Let me have my fucking drumsticks.
Fuck me!
It was those assholes!
Here you sit with your ass chained to a fucking radiator.
Son of a bitch...
You are my prisoners.
rockets.
The "skinny," Mr. Sinclair, is that the U.S. should have either won the war or gotten the hell out of Vietnam and stopped wasting American lives.
Fucking Bloody Idiots.
I don't have time for this shit... (pause; stares at mason) Yes.
Look, I'm asking the fucking questions here.
Agent who can't tell a lie?
Who the fuck are you, Mother Theresa?
I know what the fucking word means, idiot.
Holy shit, we got a jumper.
Womack SCREAMS!
GOODSPEED drops his gun and grabs the clothesline.
Oh shit.
A beat, then -- Shit shit SHIT SHIT ... It's not mine.
They say, "Bill, you're too fucking smart for field work."
Then the call finally comes, and it's a whole fuckin, city at stake?
Goodspeed, GODDAMN IT ... Agent Cord, get over to the Pan Pacific Hotel and bring Goodspeed's girlfriend to this facility please!! (mumbling) Seventeen hours left.
What the fuck is he doing?
We are in the fight of our lives, I bullshit you not.
After you, 'lace."
I hate needles.
Explosives'll bring the fucking world down on us.
You are shitting me.
(grumbles to himself) That's been said to me before .... Who the fuck is this guy?
Shit.
What do you have, a FUCKING WATER PISTOL?
You'll go to hell for this General.
I am getting my daughter and getting the hell out of here.
And keep your mouth shut.
(off Goodspeed's blank stare) You said that's where the fucking poison is, Goodspeed.
What the fuck do you think?
What's bent out of shape, idiot, is the tunnel I was going through to freedom five minutes ago.
Don't call me idiot, okay?
They hate the stuff.
And Goodspeed.... (tosses GOODSPEED his ATROPINE SYRINGE) Don't be an idiot.
I threw them in the bay.
Frye, Crisp, go! Swallow that and I swear on my Aunt Myrtle's grave I'll cut your belly open and pull it out.
I fucked up.
Let's say our countries had a little dispute.
Throw it on release, the bomb drops in five seconds.
What the hell.... ?
Tom, I warn you.
You know how this shit works?
You know how this shit works?
I hate it.
Abort immediately.
Fuck! Frogs.
They copy our blue jeans and when we need their help in Kuwait, where the fuck are they?
I confiscated it.
Oh, shit.
What's my poison?
(beat) Here.
This is...this is insane.
They're blackmailing me.
(beat) What?
Where is this gun?
(into the walkie-talkie) Come Back....Fucking Radio.
I'll rip her fucking head off right in front of you! (filtered, giggling) Daddy, did you hear me scream?
Hey, fuck you!
Man, don't give me your mad rap.
I raise a family doing this bullshit.
Please... Hey, a big tip doesn't give you the right to crap in my ear.
That gives you... ...twenty-six minutes to get your shit together.
(shocked) Irene...? (softly) Excuse me... Who the hell are you?
Charlie... (gives it up) I can't get shit on this stupid radio.
Tell them this radio's fucked.
Smithereens?! Be a great fuckin' picture, eh? Be a prize winner.
Dope-wise, this place sucks.
These are the Rebels.
Fuck they are.
You're shitting me.
These guys be pissed if they knew, eh? (Price nods in agreement; Oates suddenly gets serious) This is the dumbest motherfucker I ever signed up for.
Well hell...
Great shit, eh?
Guaran-fuckin- teed.
Alex, don't play that God damn thing when I'm filing.
Christ, I don't want to go to this stupid party.
I don't really give a damn... but the guy's got a great face.
Yeah... and throw it into Lake Managua.
Yeah... shit... (wistfully) Holiday Inn, right?
(in Spanish) The government accused me of using the church to hide Rebels and guns.
(in Spanish) Shut up! Soy un periodista.
Why was I arrested, and why did you get me released, and who are you?
Where the fuck we going?
There is no time to waste.
You motherfucker, Price, I'm talking to you.
What the fuck are you doing here?
What the fuck are you doing here?
Terrible.
Okay, okay... (beat) I'll just... be over here.
Is Tacho lying again?
They did kill him, didn't they?
The State Department's gonna pull the plug on Tacho?! Pardon my French -- but whose fucking side are you on?
He's dead.
You're crazy.
You're God damn right it's not.
Christ, what the fuck are we doing here?
(beat) With you.
Yeah... the whole fucking East Coast is falling in love with Rafael -- they were sure he was dead this time.
She dead?
Some-motherfucker-took-my-fucking- pictures-I-don't-fucking-know-what- happened!
(beat) Fuck me! Didn't you ship the film to New York?
(pleads) Jesus Christ, Alex?! Slow down.
What the hell are you talking about?
How the hell... (interrupts quickly) Who cares how?! Alex...
(beat; to Price) You stupid son of a bitch.
You fucks!
You fucks!
(in Spanish) Shut up.
I like you people, but you are sentimental shits.
(in Spanish) Shut up!
We gotta get outta sight -- half the fucking army's looking for me... They're not looking for me.
That's somebody who's gonna get fired because Craig has to pay women to fuck him!
(angry) I've been writing for this magazine for fourteen years, Brad.
Well, they were still mad at you for cutting down their sycamore.
(suspicious) It was okay.
Shut up! Shut up!
I hate it when my mom does that.
They're such assholes.
This country is going straight to hell.
Forgive me, sir, for speaking so bluntly, but those fags make me want to puke my fucking guts out.
It would have been so majorly stupid of me to turn him down.
(calling off) Cunt! (then) I am so sick of people taking their insecurities out on me.
What a freak.
Now, leave me alone.
Asshole.
I'm in trouble.
Oh, shit.
(off Jane's look) I don't want to be rude.
What a phony.
I would suck your dad's big fat dick, and then I would fuck him 'til his eyes rolled back in his head!
Shit.
Shit.
Shit! Welcome to America's Weirdest Home Videos.
I cut her a deal, she keeps me in clean piss.
(indicates another bag) But this shit is top of the line.
Uh-oh, mom's mad.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
You have such hostility in you!
(reads) "...my job consists of basically masking my contempt for the assholes in charge, and, at least once a day, retiring to the men's room so I can jerk off, while I fantasize about a life that doesn't so closely resemble hell."
You are one twisted fuck.
The people who used to live there fed these stray cats, so they were always around, and it drove my mother nuts.
Did you steal his keys?
There's a whole subculture of people who collect this Nazi shit.
What's wrong?
And your mother seems to prefer I go through life like a fucking prisoner while she keeps my dick in a mason jar under the sink.
Because frankly, and I don't think I'm alone here, I'm really tired of this Lawrence Welk shit.
I'm not going to sit here for that shit.
I do hate my father.
A little fucking discipline.
(under his breath) Fuck.
(nuzzles her neck) I'm flattered.
Damn straight I do.
I'd rather you were dead than be a fucking faggot.
I suck dick for money.
And you should see me fuck.
Go fuck yourself, psycho!
You shut up, bitch!
He is a freak!
Probably out fucking that dorky prince of real estate asshole.
(after a beat) It was about you.
She's mad at me because I said I think you're sexy.
There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge.
Wait till you see those goddamn bats.
Hot damn!
Would he make that grim connection when my attorney starts screaming about bats and huge manta rays coming down on the car?
This is a true story!... (WHACKS the BACK OF with his fist) (screams) Keep your hands off my fucking neck!
God hell!
Be quiet, be calm... name, rank, and press affiliation, nothing else... ...ignore this terrible drug, pretend it's not happening... (hands him an envelope) Your suite's not ready yet.
I was right in the middle of a fucking reptile zoo.
(grabbing GONZO trying to hold him still) Holy shit!
Shit, let's get it over with.
Shoot it.
I leave you alone for three minutes and you start waving that goddamn marlin spike around -- yelling about reptiles!
Hell, the only reason they gave us press passes was to get you out of there... Oh my God! Who's that?! Duke?
Turn that shit off!
Holy shit!
I'm your attorney.
Fuck seats!
Or was that Debbie Reynolds in a silver Afro wig?! (in hysteria) We wandered into a fucking time capsule!
(in hysteria) We wandered into a fucking time capsule!
I'll find you and burn down your fucking house!
Some angry Rotarian shoves you and you think: What's happening here?
(mumbling) Dogs fucked the Pope, no fault of mine.
I hate to say this, but this place is getting to me.
Two women fucking a Polar Bear.
That depends on how many people we fuck with between here and the door.
When does this thing stop?
I'm leaving here in two hours and then they're going to come up here and beat the mortal shit out of you with big saps.
(coolly) Of course, I'm your attorney, I'll give you all the time you need, at my normal rates: $45 an hour -- but you'll be wanting a cushion, so, why don't you just lay one of those $100 bills down there beside the radio, and fuck off?
Shit, he's killing himself!
(snarling) I want that fucking radio!
Fuck yes.
I wouldn't dare go to sleep with you wandering around with a head full of acid and wanting to slice me up with that goddamn knife!
Hell, yes.
Goddamn.
What a bummer.
What's the trouble?
I need a lawyer immediately!
Fuck telegrams.
I'm in trouble.
What the hell are you doing out there in the middle of the fucking desert?
Your reservations were transferred to the... ah... Moonlight Motel, which is out on Paradise Boulevard... I've already paid for my goddamn room!
Of course, I could hear what the Clerk was really saying... Listen, you fuzzy little shithead -- I've been fucked around, in my time, by a fairly good cross- section of mean-tempered rule-crazy cops and now it's MY turn.
"Fuck you, officer, I'm in charge here, and I'm telling you we don't have room for you."
Witchcraft?
Shit, you can't mean it!
Hell, in Malibu alone, these goddamn Satan worshippers kill six or eight people every day.
What did they do to her? Do? Jesus Christ, man.
They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot!
What's wrong with you?
Hell, somebody has to do it.
(whacks his fist on the bar) Hell, I really hate to hear this.
But that was back when the goddamn bastards were peaceful.
We've done it before and we can damn well do it again!
Cut their goddamn heads off.
We'd never hear the goddamn end of it.
He swore he didn't do it.
"Why should I fuck with children?" he says.
One whiff of that shit would turn you into something out of a goddamn medical encyclopedia.
FINISH THE FUCKING STORY!
If I put you in the pool right now, you'd sink like a goddamn stone.
You're lying!
I hate dope!
You're damn right.
I want to sell you some pure fucking smack!
Shoot!
Fuck! Scag! Blood!
Jab it right in your fucking eyeballs!
Pull over and I'll kill you!
God damn you!
Shit, he was trying to bite me!
Buy the ticket, take the ride... Shit! Faggot!
North Vegas is where you go when you've fucked up once too often on The Strip and when you're not even welcome in the cut-rate Downtown places.
Don't give me that bullshit!
You goddamn fat pimp bastard.
What's wrong with you?
I take a lot of shit in this place, but I sure as hell don't have to take it off a Jesus.
(screams) Pay your bill and get the hell out!
We have fifteen fucking minutes to get me on that plane!
(irritatedly) Ridiculous!
Shit, this town is full of white Cadillac convertibles.
You're the pathetic one, not me.
An' they're just goin' to think I'm not too nice a guy, which I'm not, an' that you're a hell of a person puttin' up with me, that's all.
God, id'n she the cutest damn thing in your life!
What the hell are they doing?!
I can't take this shit anymore.
Where the hell's he goin'?
Shit, what's he doin'?
You son of a bitch.
Christ, I don't know how the hell I let you talk me into it... Give me a swig, hon'.
Down in the southern fields, an' man, did I hate it.
Near broke my damn neck... Id'n he the cutest little guy?
(attacking the messenger) It's ridiculous!
Shit ass!! Hey, Longcipher!
I said I'm quitting!
I don't give a shit what you do.
Don't you think you could just leave him... Sure as hell he wouldn' a done that if he'd known who you was... Would you, Bob? Christ Almighty, what's happening here?
Tell me what in the hell's going on, Elton!
I got accused a robbin' a fillin'station down in the Indian Nation, didn' I tell you... Come on.
(annoyed) Yes.
(resumes singing) "You'll be burned out/Or smoked out/An' come back to me, I know..." "Every trail that you blaze/Makes me..." What the hell is that?
Piece of shit!
I'd like to go back and punch the son of a bitch out!
Jesus, what a rude person... What's your name?
And the thing is, they're making more crap, you know?
Oofh! Crap!
A dispose-all, what's that but more crap?
And you know, I read where they invented this car that runs on... that runs on... when you boil water... (half-dead) Steam.
Right, steam.
Dammit!
At being a fake.
Shit.
What are you doing! (knocking the bottles over) What are you doing, screwing around with this crap?!
What gives you the right to sit there and tell anybody about class and who the hell's got it, and what she typifies!
Robert, I think you better just... (cutting him off) You're all full of shit!
Bobby... (moving past her) I can't talk to you right now, leave me alone... Tita, what the hell are you doing?! Hey, this is my room.
I'm talking to you, Tita! (close to tears) Can't I have anything to myself, dammit?! (grabbing hold of him again) Come on now, out! (struggling with him) Keep your fucking hands off my sister, nurse!
Move out!! Stop it!
Son of a bitch, Bobby!
Everything in the car got the shit burned out of it.
But I'll tell you, where we're headed is gonna get colder'n hell.
Our car's messed up.
I'm here now... Un-fuckin'-believable... It's still warm.
You know how much it's gonna cost me to replace this goddamn windmill?
Thinks he's the goddamn town watchman...
I'll be damned.
What the hell are you gonna do with a friggin' meteor?
Yeah, he's a fuckin' perv.
Fuck.
I think that asshole knows I deal.
Fucking pig's a pig.
What the hell...
I hate it there.
Where the hell've you been?
My stomach's fucked up.
The motel guy came to the room this morning all pissed off.
I'll go home and get the shit kicked out of me, and get my ass grabbed by my mom's boyfriend...
I'm not driving you... you're a fucking drag.
Fuck you, Corey.
Get the hell outta here.
You can just fuck off... Prima donna motherfucker think your shit don't stink?
You don't plan to pay what you owe, you can get the hell off my property right now.
(under her breath) Asshole.
Do you hate me?
I've got so much shit in my head right now... I've never felt so outta control.
Shit!
He was at Dusty's house... Sick bastard had him locked up in the basement.
Where the hell've you been?
My stomach's fucked up.
The motel guy came to the room this I don't give a fuck.
Give. A. Fuck... I'm tired of listening to you whine about everything.
Don't be a fuck-ass.
What's a fuck-ass?
What the fuck are you talking about?
All I meant was, sometimes- I know what you meant, and it's bullshit.
It sucks, and it fucks everything up, but it doesn't mean shit beyond that.
When did your brother stop?
And everything in the universe is in constant motion, as the universe is constantly expanding... Yeah, but do you believe that everything happens for a reason, like in life?
Disgusting fuckin' piece a' shit like you... Hey, O'Dell... I'm on my way out... what do you need?
I don't think I know what the hell you're talkin' about.
Shit! Come on outta there.
Crazy sonofabitch... Get the fuck outta my sight.
I stopped by the motel.
Where the hell are they?
I feel like such an idiot... What the fuck- Get down on the ground!
Name? (getting angry) What's your name?
Fucking faulty one... Are you okay?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Which is it, Sam, I can't take much more of this shit!
Sam! Stop!
Fucking bitch!
Where the hell is Sam?
Fuck that.
I'll wait for my car and stick to the plan.
Do whatever the fuck you want.
(pegged) You're fucked up, Lila.
You little fuck.
I said to myself, fuck humanity... ...and I became a recluse.
Shut up and tell me.
Holy shit.
beat.
Is he dead?
Nathan, what the hell are you talking about?
It's wrong.
talking to an idiot) Excellent, Puff.
Shit.
(hangs up) What?
Cruddy, okay?
I had sold my fucking soul.
It's inexcusable.
The door's open, you son of a bitch!
(raging) That goddamn Neanderthal?
He called here when he ran out of his "mad" money after spending an entire evening drinking, watching strippers, and fucking a whore!
Shit.
I fucked her! Okay?
I fucked her.
But that's what the hell I did.
For God's sake, can't you read the fucking "do not disturb" sign on the fucking doorknob?
(beat) Go the fuck away, Rosie.
If I'm gonna fuck with Nathan, and I am, I want him to want to fuck me when I do it.
Bad.
You lose.
That bitch.
That is horrible.
And they don't know their forks from their assholes!
You both disgust me.
Find me a goddamn white flag!
What are you talking about?! Surrender, damn it!
What the hell was that?
"You have been dead, too."
Hate boats.
We have trained them not to shoot their ...asses off.
Oh, shit.
Obviousl y you can kick the shit out of people much larger than you, so we'll be leaving now...
Son of a bitch.
No, it was stupid.
And now you must hate him for what he's done.
It takes no courage to kill.
(fierce) .
I am having trouble.
He is.... unsympathetic.
We are a nation of whores.
They will fight.
We will destroy them with your new weapons.
And he is angry because I am the cause of that.
What the hell?
They're soldiers.
The gatling guns.
Remove yourself.
(lifts out a slice) Who the fuck ordered broccoli?
Smart asses.
I fucked up.
The doctor said-- The doctor's an idiot.
Why did you lie to me?
Can't we just have one fucking meal without arguing-- Fuck you!
You're crazy.
Jerk.
You're dead.
The lawyer.
You're crazy!
You piece of shit.
You all think that if you breathe, shit, piss you're alive.
I'm disappointed with you.
You little fuck.
What the hell's wrong with you? (holds his fingers close together) You're this close to fucking up your career.
Fuck you.
Give me the fucking key.
She's dead.
I need a fucking search warrant.
All they do is piss and shit.
What the fuck are you doing here?
You're dead.
You're dead.
I'm your Other Mother, silly.
Hungry, aren't you.
Bah.
He hates to get his feet wet.
Eat? That's ridiculous, mothers don't eat daughters!
How dare you disobey your mother!! (calling after her) Coraline!
That's disgusting.
Um... my Gramma's real mad, says it was her sister's - the one that... disappeared?
You stole that doll, didn't you?
Where are you hiding, you little monster?!
The cat... I-I'll just tell Gramma that you couldn't find the doll-- OW! You're not LISTENING TO ME! That's ... cause ... you're CRAZY!
(calling over his shoulder) Crazy!! Crazy?... You're the jerk-wad that gave me the doll!
Bad.
Bad.
Challenge her then.
No!! Stop!! Why steal this?
Thief!
Thief!
Thief!
Thief!
Thief!
Stop thief!
Thief!
You still mad?
I really hate dirt, but the tulips look nice.
Twenty bucks says he fucks it up.
I don't mean to be rude.
This guy, right here, fucking nailed it today.
(TO BRANDON) I want you to know, you fucking nailed it.
Fuck Off.
(roaring) I'll fucking kill you!- SISSY SULLIVAN [mid/late 20's] leaps out of the bath, naked, screaming and dripping wet- (screams) What the.. What the fuck?
SISSY holds her hurt elbow Fuck! Fuck! Ow! Fuck! - Jesus Christ Sissy.
Don't you fucking knock?
What the fuck.
Oh fuck.
You gave me fucking keys.
Fuck.
You have a fucking baseball bat? (LAUGHS) (SIGHS) Mmmm.
What is this shit you put on your hair?
Yaay! Fuck, my computer.
Morning, asshole.
Wait, how old were you when you quit driving.
You are hot.
(LAUGHTER and chatter) No! You're cursing me.
I'm hot.
I'm hot.
The GLIDE of a napkin across BRANDON's lap, the WAITER a constant presence, on the edge of irritating.
I was knocked out for 5-10 minutes.
That's boring Fuck you.
Oh! Fuck! (SNIGGERS) Fuck! Fuck! What?
Are you fucking spying on me? (LAUGHS) Lock the fucking door, Brandon.
Are you fucking spying?
(Mimicking him) Uhh.. Are you fucking spying?
Fuck! (LAUGHS) Brandon.. What do you want?
No. Are you hungry?
It's disgusting.
Why are you so fucking angry?
Why am I so fucking angry?
No. You're a liar.
I fucked up.
Some people fuck up all the time.
I mean, what sort of fucking shit is that?
Yes you fucking are!
You're a burden.
I'm not playing the fucking victim.
Well, I've got my own fucking apartment.
Oh, whopee-fucking-shit.
Please will you pick up the fucking phone?
BRANDON inwardly curses.
The PULSE of a distant phone ringing- The answer machine kicks in- This is Sissy..leave a message.. Don't if you're an asshole.
The door shuts immediately behind him.
She slips again.
It's dying.
I hate the dark.
You know what, I am so mad right now, that I can't talk to her.
Eep's got a boy hog! Eep's got a boy hog!
What is wrong with you?
Kill circle!
Stop, stop touching me!
It destroyed our cave.
Crazy sticks.
Angry girl wants to be doing what they're doing.
Hunting.
Who's hungry for scorpion?
Belt!
It's bad.
You're being irrational and counterproductive.
Big words anger me.
No. What is this stuff that saves you from my punches?
What's wrong with you?
They're in trouble.
Hang on!
Ah, shit.
What -- blast?
What the hell is your problem?
(getting angry) I'm talking about guns, Jeebs.
Why do you lie to me?
I hate it when you lie.
You're useless, Beatrice!
(to the aliens) Don't tell me we've only got that powdered shit for cream again?
People are dumb.
You track me down, put me through those stupid-ass tests, now you're trying to talk me out of it.
"Pest?"
You got a hell of an infestation.
Damn.
The hell does that mean?
He's dead.
Damn.
What the hell happened to make you such a callous son of a bitch?
(picking himself up) Damn it.
The Arquillians want the galaxy, whatever the hell that means.
Beats me.
By killing the emissaries, and stealing the galaxy they've been fighting about.
Shit! I'll handle this one, you wait outside.
What the hell for?
Put the weapons down!
Damn it!
What??? They're in a cab.Laurel!? Stop wasting time.
How the hell long is that?
To keep the bugs from getting it, the Arquillians will destroy the galaxy and whatever planet it's on.
Oh, shit.
After I got the shit beat out of me!
Damn bugs.
I'll talk to Dennis Rodman, it's his damn planet.
Objects.
I have failed.
And I would destroy it.
It would be shit.
What I do I do only for the objects.
Ahhhhhh! (to Claude) That little shit monkey of yours pissed on my Billy Holiday albums.
We will go in and shut the bank down.
Okay fuck that.
Well shit.
They're divorced.
Shit.
That's fucking genius.
(to Zed) The fucking English.
He's crazy.
You would have been stupid to.
Ahhhhhh! (to Claude) That little shit monkey of yours pissed on my Billy Holiday albums.
Let's beat them!] [Shit!
Do you see? (out the window) Fucking fags! (also out the window) Suce ma bite?! Perverts d'homosexuels! (into Zed's ear) This is good to have you here.
They're divorced.
Shit.
That's fucking genius.
(to Zed) The fucking English.
He's crazy.
We're locked up tight!] (then in English) We fucking did it!
[Who the fuck are you?]
[Shut your fucking mouths!] (to Eric) [The vault doors are shut and time locked.
(to the bank manager) [You think we're fucking amateurs?
You think we're stupid?
[Do you understand that I'll kill her if you don't open this fucking vault?] [Do you understand that this is an international reserve bank?
Jesus fucking Christ!
Why didn't you just kill that asshole to begin with.
[Shit these masks are really hot.] [I know, I've got fucking sweat stinging my eyes.]
[No one fucking moves!] [Shit!
[Don't fuck with me! Don't fuck with me!] [What the fuck is going on!?] (pointing at the dead man) [This crazy fuck shot Ricardo!] (quietly) [Eric, your mask.]
Oh shit.
I can't see a fucking think in this! [Is this what happens?
Eric [What the fuck is it now!?
You want me to hold your hand as you take a piss?] [I have a question.]
If it had the police would be here and our whole plan would be fucked.
So if there aren't any more fucking stupid questions I'll go downstairs and see if we're in yet.
I'll tell you what, you go fuck yourself you fucking pig.
[The silent alarm must have gone off after all!] [Shut the fuck up!
This place is a fucking mess and it's bad for morale.]
Why don't we just storm in and blast his fucking ass!
(quietly) What the Hell are you doing?
Have you gone mad? [Sorry.
We're fucking surrounded by police.]
You asshole!
I beat you!
And killing all these assholes-- ] (motioning to all the customers) [--isn't going to do us a damn bit of good now, is it?]
[They want to fuck with me!?
They want to fuck with me!?] [You want to fuck with me!? I'll show you what happens to people who fuck with me!] [The moment of truth my love.
(groaning) [You fucking bitch!] [Bitch!]
Kill her! Kill her! What the fuck are you doing!? [They're trying to smoke us out Eric!] [What do we do!?] Do you really love your bitch whore girlfriend that much?
Shit Zed.
(frantic) [They don't give a fuck about the hostages!]
(to police) Motherfuckers!
You wanna fuck with me?
You wanna fuck with me?
I'll show you who you're fucking with!
And my, does he hate us!
I c-can sssmell your cunt!
Damn.
(startled, upset) Murdered...? How?
Well God damn it!
Creepo son of a bitch.
Your bleeding has stopped.
How did - (she stops herself) It's nothing.
Very much as I found him, in that ridiculous car, in his own garage, after he's missed three appointments.
He makes me feel violated...
Where the hell did this one come from?
The Latin name comes from two rivers in Hell.
And every time there's any news on the case - when Catherine Martin floats, when the next one floats, and the next one - why, we'll just issue another press release about good ol' Dr. Danielson, over at Johns Hopkins - complete with all his humorous fucking remarks.
The Senator's mad as hell.
Chilton has killed her, hasn't he?
That slimy little bastard!
Anger, social resentment, sexual frus- No, he covets.
The lambs were screaming...
Yes...! They were screaming.
The rancher was so angry he sent me to live at the Lutheran orphanage in Bozeman.
Wake up in the dark, with the lambs screaming?
Why not? (bitterly) It would be rude.
You stuck your neck out for her and you got your butt kicked for her and you tried.
The first, what the hell did Lecter say about... "First principles," he said.
(softly) Hot damn, Clarice.
I've got - Who the hell's fault is - - a U.S. Senator who's half out of her head because her daughter's going to be murdered today!
I'm flying there, right now, unless you stop me.
You shoot motherfucker you better kill me quick or I'll break her fucking neck, I swear to God! (wails) Nooooooo!
Back off, you son of a bitch!
Okay... Okay, Mr. Gumb, you're under arrest.
Shit! FBI, Catherine, you're safe.
Safe, SHIT, he's got a gun! Getmeout.
Shut that dog up.
You fucking bitch don't you LEAVE ME down here, DON'T YOU - YOU Shut UP! (then, louder) The other officers will be here any minute!
You hate my friends.
Me they hate.
Alvin will hate this.
It was too painful.
Killing a Mockingbird.
The lawyer.
Perry Edward Smith and Richard Eugene Hickock stand accused of four counts of the crime of murder in the first degree.
Guilty.
What is the sentence?
Death.
But you're gonna wake up enough to tell me what you did with my tie.
A brother and sister killed themselves.
Hanging.
I've asked you not to -- (stands up) This is ridiculous.
He scares me now.
It's torture.
It's torture.
Hang it up.
But nothing you can do will stop the prophecy.
This is bad.
This is trouble.
I hate closed-in spaces.
Waste magic on revenge?
This is where they killed the nursemaid.
I hate this.
I hate this.
I hate this.
Don't make me angry, Peck.
The world's gone insane.
Here are her diaper rags.
Quit yakking, Teemo.
(frantically point) Elves!! Ohhh, I hate this.
Trolls?
Where the hell did you come from?
I thought you had her! Willow!! Now Willow, I know you're gonna blame me for this but it wasn't my fault...! Elora Danan!
I hate to tell you this, Willow, but Tir Asleen dosn't exist.
(explodes) You're not a warrior, Madmartigan!
We're in trouble!
You're a bum! You're a-- you're a coward!! What's with you, Peck?
But she betrayed me.
(angry threat) My step-father's going to tear you apart.
You're crazy.
You busted the lock.
But I'm a thief.
Don't make me kill you.
I hate you.
I hate your beauty, I hate your innocence, I hate the feelings you've awakened in me.
It's torture.
I hate this.
Assault!
I hate this.
Give us the baby or we will destroy you!! Kill them!
I won't let you kill her!
Universe of evil, Raziel!
You're a fraud.
Your momma's a bitch.
Shit.
Damn.
Screw.
The door sticks.
And I'd rather be dinner than a coward.
Hell, I'll have him tell you.
Shoot.
Why not religion, Dad? It's rude to talk about religion.
He was slipping her a little extra cream.
You were hot shit back in Hickville, but here in the real world, you got squat.
Damn right you're not.
(yelling) Tell your men not to bother us!
And lock that door!
I'm robbing this place.
Have I offended you?
Are you okay? (pause) Yeah, I'm fucking fantastic.
It's fucking freezing out here.
You're damaged.
Fucked my best friend's husband.
Then he told her, the shit.
Get the fuck out of here!
his little table is one heavy bitch.
If I'm not, then what the hell am I doing here?
Is that what you are angry about?
Fuck you, Rosen!
I know you're frustrated, Walter, but -- osen looks at the empty chair.
icki gets in her Jeep and pauses before turning on the Don't die on me, you little shit.
Said he hated himself for doing it.
If you tell me when this happened -- Move your fucking hands away from your pockets!
We know when you sleep, when you eat, when you shit, and when you jack off.
Is that when you jerk off?
In my eyes, you are a piece of shit.
Not you, because you'd be a dead piece of shit.
(looks at Rosen) Will you stop writing in that fucking pad! WALTER (cont'd) You know that if anything happens, I spend the rest of my life in prison.
I think it's a fucking good idea.
I'm fucking glad! hat's this?
You're such an asshole.
WALTER (cont'd) What the hell are you doing there?
CARLOS (cont'd) I get horny as hell for other women.
(out loud) Fucking Rosen!
She's got the volume on so damn high he can hear David Letterman's jokes.
Henry puts his hand over Adele's mouth and says, "If you scream, little girl, I'll kill your mother."
People will say stupid, ignorant things about your daddy.
Screams?
Shouts?
It'd be a waste of your time, though.
What's with the boxes?
I named my left testicle 'piss' and my right testicle 'vinegar'.
Shut up, jagoff!
This is ri-goddamn-diculous.
They wear large hats?
Wrong again.
If your pipe is short and your pump is weak, you better stand close or you'll piss on your feet.
Leggo of my ego!
He has an ear infection, but tit's OK. (pause) No? Nothing? (back to model) Anyway, the laser is powerful enough to destroy every city on the planet at will.
My God, Dr. Evil, you destroyed the Wihite House with no warning!
Dr. Evil, what are we going to do about Powers?
No. Would you like to? (rolling his eyes) This is ridiculous!
Would it kill you to frickin' knock?
Is it Fat Bastard?
You and Austin track Fat Bastard back to Dr. Evil.
But how can we track Fat Bastard?
Listen, Felicity, about Fat Bastard- It's my job, Austin.
Usually it's illegal but this buddy of mine... but I digress.
Fat Bastard, I'm leaving you in charge.
I'm (bleep)in' rich and I'm up to my tits in clean stinky.
I'm so weak, I hate myself.
I'm for shite.
(yelling) Yaaaaa-hoooo!
As I punched through the atmosphere, I said 'Oh my God!' and I soiled myself.
We only have one hour until Dr. Evil fires the laser!
You got Dr. Evil!
I hate that guy.
Why'd he hit you?
But I didn't deserve the tour in hell.
Shit.
That's your murder weapon.
He's killed before and will again unless caught.
They were kicked.
During the struggle.
She struggled.
Shit.
Think he's pissed at Costa?
His mother should be punished.
There's a pissed-off serial killer after me.
I have to hide in the shadows like a fucking animal because of you.
You ruined everything.
Shit.
Is he dead?
I owe you that.
I can stop monsters, John.
We stopped a monster.
Shit!
Touch me again and I will kick your ass.
(reading) Go to hell.
A Ferrari MECHANIC rushes towards NIKI, and shouts in Italian above the noise, (we see sub-titles)... Mass usa slicks.
Otherwise I wouldn't be remembered for my rivalry with this asshole.
NIKI's foot hits the floor - his engine screams that deafening, stomach rearranging high-pitch scream, drowning out the roar of the 180,000 crowd.
HUNT.
He screwed up.
It's chaos.
I told you to go on slicks!!) Bullshit.
Where's Hunt?
Pulling off outrageous manoeuvres.
The car jerks horribly to the right.. "Crunch", hits the embankment, then "Bang", hits the barrier, and is thrown across the track.. Fire breaks out in the engine.
The car explodes.
Locked in a blast furnace.
NIKI screams as the flames engulf him.
NIKI ducks, then bravely leaps for cover, as.... "SMASH", one of the oncoming cars shunts into his car, (it would have killed him instantly).
He rips off his helmet, furious...
He's with the NURSE, and HESKETH and BUBBLES and his team, spraying them with champagne.. NIKI walks past the podium, holding his blue helmet, and shouts out, still incandescent... Hey...asshole!
Thanks to your impeccable `survival' instincts... JAMES makes chicken noises... Fuck you!
"Hunt".
NIKI gives JAMES the finger, "Screw you, asshole".
NIKI walks out, the old man's insults ringing in his ears...
Shooting from above: The entire car has been stripped to a thousand pieces.
"Who is this asshole?"
Are you crazy?
Hunt.
HESKETH leads a blindfolded JAMES in... Keep them closed...! Wait for it, wait for it... HESKETH removes JAMES's blindfold... There!
I don't want to ruin your day.
The two cars stop, and NIKI and CLAY REGAZZONI gets out.
I must have been mad!
NIKI is driving in the slow lane.
He does a lightning double-declutch... "SLAM", NIKI's foot hits the floor, the engine screams, the rev counter flies to the right...
The ITALIAN MEN scream in excitement, holding on for dear life as NIKI, his heart not a beat over 60, takes the car to breaking point, in a way it's never been driven before... NIKI overtakes everyone on the motorway, fearlessly weaving between cars at twice their speed..
The engine has blown... Immediately JAMES loses speed, and NIKI sails past, overtaking effortlessly.
Because you're aggressive.
South Africa in the apartheid era.
Who lodged the complaint?
The car's evil!
Just got a little problem with a bad loser rat and his team of Italian saboteurs who've destroyed my car.
In an illegal car.
You complained.
Cheating.
He drives in an illegal car and he calls ME the cheat?
Shit...! See?
You didn't take my advice... Shut up! Where's Niki?
It's the burns to his lungs.
"Tell the Priest to fuck off!
Which asshole said this? Jesus.. Fuck you.
Hey..! I've got something for you on that last question... Now go home to your wife and ask her how YOU look!! Prick!
It's meant as an insult.
Are you mad?
Pumping the shit out of my lungs.
Let him be stupid.
God knows what happened to his shit yesterday.
(counting) Yeah... Knew you from the other job, the one before the last one you fucked up.
(irrational) I'll tell the fucking cops.
Shit.
(out of shot) Yeah.
(out of shot) Here.
I was crazy about her.
You exaggerate.
I knew when he had trouble shitting.
I hated him for living.
Selfish.
What do you want me to do? Suck your dick?
(in his face) You? Who the fuck cares about you?
-- and nobody would give a fuck!
Damn you!
You hate cosmetics.
(re: murder) What's with this thing?
(he does) Death.
What do I owe you?
Homicide.
(out of shot) You there?
(out of shot) Who is it?
I've got to throw everything out.
Did you cross him?
What's that smell?
(LETOUR hangs on every word) You loved her, but she -- this sounds terrible but it's true -- she was... she ruined everything... bad luck.
A lie.
No way I can fuck this.
You're gonna quit.
Same old shit.
You see the damage these little sons- of bitches been raising tonight?
LaRiviere's having a hell of a time in there.
Master of fucking ceremonies.
What's wrong with you?
(watching) Shit.
Aw, shit, she's here to get Jill.
Piece of fucking cake.
It looks like you've won this fucking round already, so lay off a little, for Christ's sake.
You be careful of that little bastard.
My whole day is fucked.
(hangs up) It's not enough snow, not for tracking the bastards.
Fuck you.
(sniffs) Deer shit.
Beats me.
Fuck.
It's people like you that keep this fucking town from prospering.
What the fuck.
Lawyer?
Who the fuck knows?
What the fuck you telling me, Wade?
I never seen the guy get shot, I told you that.
Let's get the fuck outta here.
Beyond fucking com-pare.
You little prick!
For the lawyer.
Go fuck yourself!
Candy-asses.
We can't leave him alone here, he'll set the damn place on fire.
Then who shot him?
It makes me mad.
Get off the fucking ice!
Get off! I'll shoot you, Wade, I swear it!
I'll fucking shoot you dead if you don't move away from that truck!
The fuck you got waylaid.
You're fucking sly, Wade.
No more sugar tit, asshole.
It's the business with the old man, I know, and how incredibly pissed I was at him, and also chasing Jack Hewitt like that, and the Goddamned truck going through the ice, not to mention Margie's being so upset -- one thing on top of another.
He's on to us! Shit!
Upset.
It's bad for you.
Leave me alone!
Leave her alone!
How can I drive when you drive me mad.
Mad.
(shouts) Who are you?
So he got mad and he jumped on her.
(as he does an insane little jig around the script) You can't smell it when it's under your nose.
A disaster!
A catastrophe!
An outrage!
He's dead.
He's on the top floor.
I'm depressed.
(to Bialystock) Have you gone mad?
(irritated) We can't tell a thing without your wig.
It's enough to make you throw up!
(blustering with rage) I... I... I... How dare he! I've never been so insulted in my life!
This is shocking!
(very annoyed) Will you shut up!
We have been betrayed!
(boiling with rage) Congratulations!
He's crazy!
Ohhhhhhhhh, how I hate you.Double.
You stupid kraut!
It's a demon.
He's a liar and a cheat and a scoundrel.
Who are the victims?
Kick! Kick! Two-three-kick-turn! Two-three- kick-turn!
You tell him I think he's a damn fool, Ed.
So here comes Bill a-walkin' down Nine Mile - that's Bill Parker, y'understand - got his sandwich in one hand, the fuckin' head in the other...
Fuckin' kids, I love 'em.
He's awful damn good.
This one's awful damn good though.
Well a course she'll be upset, sugar, but she'll get over it.
I was just explainin' to yer better half here that when we were tunneln' out we hit the main sewer - dumb luck, that - and just followed that to - You mean you busted out of jail!! Waaaal... We released ourselves on our own recognizance.
I didn't steal the damn kid! Sir, these men are from the FBI- (bewildered) Are you boys crazy?!
Wuddya think, he was wearing his damn jammies!
I ain't runnin' a damn daisy farm!
They had Yodas'n shit on 'em! Would ya mind, I'm trying to set up a Command Post here!
Get your feet off m'damn coffee table!
...Hell, that's your forte, trackin' down them microbes left by criminals'n commies'n shit!
That's yer whole damn raison d'itre!
Ya don't breast feed him, he'll hate you for it later.
Cause they're so durn stupid!
...Shit man, loosen up! Don't ya get it?
Shit man, think about it!
Hear about the person of the Polish persuasion he walks into a bar holdin' a pile of shit in his hands, says "Look what I almost stepped in." ...Yeah, that's funny all right... Ya damn right it's funny!
Shit man, what's the matter?
Then I'll huff and I'll puff...' "...and I'll blow your house in..." That son-of-a-bitch.
You son-of-a-bitch!
That son-of-a-bitch.
It's a police warning, son.
That son of a bitch... Hold on, Nathan.
That son of a bitch... ...Lookie Nathan, a police car... ...Say, that looks like Bill Steensma.
You're actin' like a mad dog! Turn left, honey.
I cannot tarry... Better I should go, send you money, and let you curse my name.
Smalls, first off, take your damn feet off m'furniture.
I think you're an evil man.
I think this is nothin' but a goddamn screw job.
I think I'm on the phone to the cops right now, and I- Up and attem, H.I. Today is the first day of the rest of your life... ...and already you're fuckin' it up.
Shit.
Now you lie down back there- Yessir!
And if I'm as selfish and irresponsible as you- Y'ain't that bad, honey.
Are you crazy?!
I told you not to use m'damn name!
Gimme that baby, you warthog from hell!
The hell is goin' on?
Aw bullshit.
And hell, even if it never does, you still got each other.
I'd sure hate to think of Florence leavin' me - I do love her so... ...You can go out the way you came in... ...And before you go off and do another foolish thing, like busting up, I suggest you sleep on it... ...at least one night.
It's going to explode!
I had a spot of bother at the door.
Split personality ... Insane ... ?
There are limits?
A day in the country ... Three agents killed by bad weather...And by you, Mrs. Peel (ignores) Then a mad millionaire.
You're accusing Mrs. Peel of killing her own husband?
To kill me? (fractional pause) Nothing personal.
I'm warning you for the last time, Steed: whoever's behind all this, looks like Mrs. Peel, walks like Mrs. Peel and kills like Mrs. Peel.
It's impenetrable, by the way ... You're mad.
Mother betrayed me.
You don't really expect me to fall for -- Let go, you ... idiot ... I think she really likes you ... Where's Mrs. Peel?
Cut it out.
Jeeze.
Louie, throw him out too.
Dammit.
Shit.
You know damn straight what I'm talking about.
Shut up rent-a-cop.
You damn right it is.
Shut up Plettschner.
Oh shit (shoot)!
Oh Yeah! Fuckin-a (flippin right) we ripped your car.
Asshole (airhead)!
Your goddamn (gol-durned) brother.
You know kid, uhh, usually when someone pulls shit (stuff) like that my first reaction is uhh I want to punch his fucking (flippin) lights out.
Cracks me up.
I have the stats on that car Officer Labeef.
Only an asshole (a jackass) gets killed for a car.
Look at those assholes (that) over there.
Hey fuck you pussy punk.
Here's your shit (stuff).
Fuck (Flip me).
Fuck (flip) you.
Put that damn gun down boy.
You think they give a damn about their bills in Russia?
I said do you think they give a damn about their bills in Russia?
Free my ass, what are you a fucking (flippin) commie?
Fuck (flip) you Plettschner!
OWW! OWW! Don't you say fuck (flip) you to me.
You're fucking (flippin) right I'm Plettschner.
Fuck (flip) you!
Fuck you! (What!)
The hell he was.
Ah, you're fucking (flippin) nuts.
Damn straight I do.
Fuck (Damn) John Wayne man.
Kiss off you asshole (airhead).
How you doing, asshole (airhead)?
Fuck (flip) you Archie!
Shut up Archie.
City wants up to car pool but nobody gives a shit.
AWW bullshit!
Stop this car.
Yeah! Oh! my neck is killing me man.
I got the fucking papers on it.]
This is bullshit (hokum) Oly.
The goddamn (gol-durn) Rodriguez brothers are suing us for malicious damage, medical expenses and harassment for a car they fucking (flippin) own.
Bullshit (Hogwash) you're taking their word against mine.
Make it a fucking (flippin) month.
Well fuck (flip) you.
I'll come back and pick up my stuff later when the fucking (flippin) place don't stink so bad.Ha! Shut up! .
Why you're so damn mad at me?
damn.
Oww shit (shoot).
Wait! Wait! Stick with me.
No salvation from the boiling blistering fires of eternal damnation.
Because in these days there shall be hell in time.
For in these days there shall be hell in time, there shall be war and more war, and earthquakes in diverse places... What kind of men? Very nice young men.
Otto! Shit (shoot).
Where the fuck (hell) is he.
Shit (damn)!
Shit (zilch)!
He's off his onion, y'know, he's old school Sicilian, this is how they hate.
Hey, we nab Israel, they pay t'get'm back, I'll cut the fuckin' thing out m'self, no extra charge.
Shoot.
He buys into his bullshit, building street cred, he's got plans and pull, he's makin' plays, living the mob life for real.
In reality, he doesn't know the ball from the bounce...He's not a crook, so he starts fucking up fast and picking up speed, putting a floodlight on the whole Carlotta organization.
Paying bills with bullshit casino jobs, sitting watch on slot machines.
Shit, if you're on a crazy jag, why stop there, why not take Fort Knox with a fucking slingshot or go into Hell after Hitler...I like your chances a lot more.
How is it that you can turn a simple conversation into a fucking hedge maze!?
...I'm sorry... Are you a fucking colossal idiot?
Get The Goddamn Phone.
It's...disgusting.
(with a look skyward) Thanks God, dogpile a piss-poor physique with an small cock and hereditary alcoholism!
(beat, to Dupree) Okay, I'm babbling, I do this when I drink, forgive the rants, let's get at it here.
Rip, my right hand to God, we're gonna go in and recover this asshole and everybody's gonna leave the theater grinning.
(beat, then) Alright, so, couple primers for you guys, maybe things we might've looked past that you should know about...His hangers-on, these idiots Israel runs with, they're all "packing heat" "strapped" whatever the phrase is.
Fucking hell, this feels GREAT!
I hate that!
Hold your shit!
Bitches like that the reason mafuckas don't take our species seriously.
Bitches like that make me weep for what could be-- if we could all, sisters everywhere, black, white, yellow and brown, put our shit down one time, unified front, the force of the female race, mobilized, moving as one... I'm gonna need a mini-bar key too.
Answer your fucking pages!
These are the premier prick cocksuckers of all time and I feel beaten by them, I feel bloodied-- --and you're gonna feel altogether fucked, by me, if you don't handle this.
(beat, considers, looks over at Hugo) Alright, fuck it, if we gotta hand 'em somebody from our end and they're being hard-ons about it-- make it Hugo, him I don't mind.
If we push this, they'll revoke your protective status, which nullifies any agreement you got with the government...Now that's mate and checkmate kiddo and once that happens, the shit'll start falling down around your ears, real fast.
He hit that ass one time, his interest in a bitch start t'landslide.
Fuck that nigga.
Damn!
We threw up sets.
(laughing now) Fuck you.
Fuckin' thrilled t'hear it.
(beat, to Vitoli/Soot) Speakin' of scrubbin'-- where the fuck you been?
(annoyed) I know your name man! What's wrong wit'chu!? (back to Mustache) Why you standing there fool?
(turning back to Ivy) Well what the fuck!?
Shut the elevators down.
...Oh, fuck these fools... What's wrong?
My crazy Karate kick feet!!
The names of the victims are being withheld, pending notification of family members, but Action Seven has learned that one of the deceased, identified as Jack Dupree-- --was a resident of Las Vegas, Nevada-- (to himself, dialing) ...holy shit, shit, shit... We've also learned that Mr. Dupree was employed as a process server and bondsman for Draygo Bail Bonds and may have been in this area on a fugitive apprehension-- ...uh oh...
A rental vehicle, registered in Mr. Dupree's name, has been recovered in the parking lot of the nearby Nomad Hotel & Casino... Shit...answer the fucking phone.
Y'ain't ever made a real beef on y'own, shit as light in the ass as you are, I'll bet you ain't ever made anything more than a fuck'n fist your whole life.
(beat) So if you think I'mma let your lil' punk-ass, with the dirt I've done for you, in the eleventh hour, sell me off like some fucking field nigger, hand me up to the Feds like y'last chip, then you done gone straight out-your-motherfucking MIND! (nodding to phone) That's Mecklen.
The hell is going on... ...Forget it, it's dead.
Quit saying that shit!
(just above whisper) ...oh...damn... What is it...? ...Shhhhhhit...girl, there's these two dudes, just sittin' here in this elevator, all shot up... What? (beat, looking around) They musta been beefin' big time with one another, cuz this shit, got way past words, whatever it was.
He's dead.
How did that happe-- (beat, angry now) Ivy!? Buddy was goin' jam us Hugo.
He was gonna fuck us up with the Feds... ...Wait a minute...This one's a Fed.
You jus' lay still, we goin figure out what the fuck ya'll were up t-- You ain't gonna believe this shit.
(beat) Both these motherfuckers are FEDS.
No, no, no no-- one of 'em ain't-- one of 'ems bullshit-- it's all over the air here, they got an impostor, some fool with a fake badge-- --some fool wi-- a fake badge.
The Deputy Director, this prick Locke, he smashed the whole thing, we're done, they won't tell me why... Vitoli?
I'm shot!
Girl, where are you-- talk to me...how bad are you hit... Georgia goddamn baby, please talk to me, please say somethin' so-- Drop that hammer... (beat, cocking gun) And I drop this one.
(beat) Know a killer motherfucker...know they voice.
(to Locke, forceful) What the hell-- What is this!?
And I'm asking you now, "Is that your car" and you can't even come clean and do me the decency of a straight answer, with the fucking state that I'm in!? Yeah, shit-- hell, you're right.
And get the fuck out of here.
Are you with the group on the third floor?
The same year that Sparazza murdered Agent Freeman Heller... (as if to himself) ...holy shit...that's Heller... (back to Locke) Isn't it?
Shut up! Goddamn civilians.
Shut the fuck up!
What's wrong with him?
I hate pronouncing people dead over the phone.
(returning) We stole a stretcher from X-ray.
You crazy?
That's my diagnosis: shit-faced.
(to Frank) She's nuts.
I'll be damned.
There must be some place in Hell for a guy who sells a dollar-fifty a slice.
Fuck.
Who the hell woke him up?
I hate vodka.
Shit.
He flipped out.
You son of a bitch.
Whatja do, stop for Chinese on the way over?
Dead.
That's too bad.
No. Boy can't shoot for shit, either.
Goddamn that's hot.
Too bad.
And all that shit I said--it was just because I was stoned.
What the hell.
He steps in, smash, over the green monster.
Frank, what the hell are you doing?
You little motherfucker!
(to Walls) Do it, Tom! I'll call for fucking backup, I swear!
You're crazy.
Who got that funky motherfucker this time?
Where's Burke?
Fucking out of order, that.
Buffets.
box.
I said, fuck me, I've been in prison half my life, what d'ya expect.
You fuckin' guys and your dicks.
What the fuck else did you do back there.
Bloody hell.
You think a fuckin' guy like that ever will?
(stops him) No.
We tunnelled our way under the shop floor from the public lavatory down the road.
I punched a cop at a demo.
Now I really want to fuck you.
There was this screw had it in for me.
I coulda gone up behind him and snapped his fucking neck.
But if you're mad at him too and he's mad at you ... that must make us pals.
Fuck you.
Useless gits.
That's right, your life is Shit, and I'm to blame.
I blame you for everything .
You were the first person to see there was a lot of money to be made selling Navajo rugs -- you've even stolen from the fucking Indians!
I don't want to be found dead in L.A. Marie Claire Fuck.
(fucking typical) Larry and Rick.
You guys are fucking nuts, I'm calling -- Hey.
Is this crack?
A beat.
What is? Famous fuck-ups.
That's why it's called house arrest.
Oh shit.
And when he does, who do you think he's gonna blame?
Oh shit.
214 214 Action!
I didn't think we were making the show for dumb people.
Are you fucking blind?
Shit.
I`m not going to be your fucking puppet.
302 302 Did you hit it?
Shit.
Noelle signs her made-up representation of "shit."
So where's the orc now?
He's dead.
A beat.
Jesus, Garland, you left me alone with those people.
All right, hell, you trying to work and me carrying on in there.
Hell yes.
Hell, you've got it made!
Last one got a hell of a write-up in the Herald.
Hell, why not?
We give each other... the things we need M'HONEY!!... bastard-ass sons of bitches... the water's lappin' up... I'm sorry, Mr. Fink.
Thanks, I'd invite you over to my place, but it's a goddamn mess.
Hell of an actor though, for my money, you can't beat Jack Oakie.
I'm not that interested in the act itself Okay, but hell, you should know what it is.
Damn, there I go again.
What?! He's a son of a bitch!
She's... disturbed.
But God, people can be rude.
A little lift, yeah... ...Good thing they bottle it, huh pal? ...Did I say rude?
People can be goddamn cruel.
Defense against what?
I said, hell, I told YOU my ear was infected.
Well hell, buddy, don't pull a long face!
(off) Action.
Sons of bitches!
All right Barton, I'll see if I can slip away- Who is that?! Gaddamn voices come into the house... sons of bitches...
He gets jealous; he- Goddamn voices... DROWN 'EM!
He becomes irrational Hesh up! Be still now!
The whole goddamn story.
Soup to nuts.
The whole goddamn- It's alright, Barton.
No, but the whole goddamn Audrey?
You wrote his scripts for him?
What a goddamn phony.
William Goddamn Phony Mayhew.
You think I made your life hell?
I lied.
Little yellow bastards.
How disappointed we were.
Hell, I could take you through it step by step, explain why your story stinks, but I won't insult your intelligence.
You ain't no writer, Fink you're a goddamn write-off.
Now get lost.
It is... What's in the box?
- the furious haste to commercialize genetic engineering.
It's an instinct.
Ever get the feeling we're just Hammond's damn guinea pigs?
What the hell are we going to do with the rest of our lives?
These raptors are too damn dangerous.
Too damn smart.
Jim, what the hell's with you ... I know a storm's coming, I can't ... it's all so tightly planned ... that's not enough ... ok, twenty minutes, I'll be there.
Damn!
Damn those people.
Those kids'll be hungry when they get in.
Where the hell is Nedry?
Shut that flashlight, Tim! No, it's mine.
Shit.
Oh shit!
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!
It was a trap door that fat bastard left for himself.
OBJ, it initiates a set of commands that turned the whole goddamn park off.
What the hell does Harding know?
Hot damn!
What is taking so damn long?
Shit.
Muldoon slams Where the hell are they going?
They're agitated.
Damn.
What's wrong?
Oh hell!
He make a kill.
I'm trying ... Ooooo!!! .... No!!!!! Son-of-a-bitch.
And the flow subsides from a raging The waterfall stopped.
But this shell carries quite a punch, so if you're too close, it'll take a piece of you.
Give me room to shoot.
Damn, I banged my head.
What's wrong?
It's disgusting.
Yeah, we think you're fucking awesome.
She hates me.
I hate her.
It's annoying.
It looks good you little shit.
No, I don't want to leave her alone.
So you're unhappy!
God damn it, what's wrong?
My point is, I don't need the extra stress.
As complicated as it might be, we can't just keep ignoring the fact that her behavior is fucking insane.
I'm hungry, can we eat?
I guess he'd rather pay for it than think I'm sucking dick for it.
Fuck this.
I'd be great at taking shit.
It's not about taking shit.
You're being ridiculous.
You can lose your temper at will but when I get pissed off, I'm being crazy or ridiculous!
Fuck you.
You think you're so fucking smart.
He's a fucking liar.
What the fuck.
Get the fuck out of my house.
Who the fuck knows.
What the fuck happened?
Jesus Christ, what's it going to take, Lucy.
What is wrong with you?
You're going to be a terrible mother.
Fucking idiot.
We've got nervous sponsors and an angry public -- a combination uglier than two monkeys fucking.
(frustrated) We can do better than this guy, Frank.
Hey, you hungry?
Yeah, before the asshole found religion.
Now Frank and I are old friends, so I say to him, 'Okay, cock, show me the warehouse' -- see, I know the fucking warehouse is in the Bronx, and I know it's emptier than my wife's head.
I bore him, I nursed him, and dammit...
It's cut.
(under his breath) Whatever that means, you fucking retard.
I'm flying to -- Are you fucking blind?! It's a cock!
A fucking dud.
Sent from hell to destroy me.
Yeah, some asshole's screaming in my ear.
You better grow eyes on the back of your fucking head, you horned piece of shit!
I'm going on safari, motherfucker... safari!
I didn't mean for that to hap-- (as they kiss) You're not full of shit like all the others, are you?
Why? What's wrong?
What a scoundrel!
(getting frustrated) Yeah, yeah, yeah, but don't you take particular glee in that you basically stole his time slot?
You hate him!
This is an unlawful assembly, you kraut sons-a-bitches!
How does it feel to be a hate- filled racist scumbag?
Bitch, bitch, bitch... What's wrong, kid?
Damn it.
And you're trespassing!
In a country like this, where your average citizen is a fuckin' Neanderthal, I wear it as a badge of honor.
I'm the most accused man since Jimmy Hoffa.
In fact, several movie studios are offering big bucks for a chance to bring the Smoochy story to the silver screen... (quietly to himself) Bad... very bad... too much for brain... pressure building... ears ringing... eyes burning... contempt overflowing...
I hate you!
I fucking hate you!!!
Shut up, you hillbilly assholes!
Fuck you!
(a little angry) I ain't no baby!
They look fucking identical.
Do I gotta take you back to fucking kindergarten?
I'm not taking the blame for this one.
Your time will fucking come!
Tell that boss of yours we'll kill everyone at this fucking network if we have to.
Fix it yourself, asshole.
Sheldon!!! (whispering to Burke) What's he doing here?! He's going to screw everything up! (screaming) Sheldon!!! Nora... You're in on this, aren't you!
Sheldon!!! Get down!!! Give me that gun, you fucking wacked-out freak!
You fucking point a gun at me?
A gun I gave you as a gift?! Where's your fucking etiquette?
You son-of-a-bitch.
Don't destroy who you are for this piece of shit.
Aggie, why do you bother?
Bloody hell.
That is evil.
The fuckin' parties, where I would hear you - dressing up what I did for a living - film composer this, film composer that - trying to make it more palatable for your friends.
Shit! Sorry.
I mean really shitty.
Shit.
I think I'm actually angry at you for trying to take that away.
What the hell is this...?!! Don't give me an attitude, sir.
I'm Sergeant Madigan, Vice, and if you cop a 'tude, jerkoff, I will see to it you spend the next ten years in prison getting ass-fucked, and if the case is thrown out because my arrest is too violent, then I will personally HIRE men to ass-fuck you for ten years.
So if you're an ass-fucking fan, go ahead and mouth off, but meanwhile you're under arrest for the crime of prostitution, now shut the fuck up before I cut out your kneecaps and use 'em as ashtrays.
As a fucking favor, I'm begging you... It'll be over soon.
What is this, *what the fuck is this*?? I'm FBI, for Chrissake, you can't do this to me.
How the fuck is it my business?
Now stop being a little baby and get on the damn bike.
What the hell is this...? We don't have time for this, of all the cocksucking bullshit -- Whoa.
What the hell...? Lemme check the scanner.
Why? *Drive up the fucking hill*.
Where the shit did you get that?
The diner...? That's half a mile away, are you fucking crazy?
Shit.
How the fuck can you tell?
(throws up his hands) Unbelievable.
Shit.
I been out eight months, I'm back doing skip traces, now you got me stealing fuckin' bicycles?
Me and my partner, we handled a lot of impounded shit.
Hang on.
This ridiculous Ohio housewife business, it's a fantasy, you *wrote* the bloody thing!
It's not a fantasy, *I'm in the fucking PTA*.
Fuckin' beautiful.
Right...? (sotto) This is ridiculous.
And if you call an ambulance, I will fucking kill you.
Lie back down.
...Nobody... fuck you... Hate to see you like this, Charly.
The President's already up at night, prowling his sock drawer for double agents, and now we've got a fucking rogue on our hands.
Charly...? Oh, my God, what the hell are you *doing*?
Listen to me, I'm going to direct you to a safe house, get you on a plane -- Can the bullshit, I'm not telling you where I am.
And if I say go to hell?
No, I slug 'em in the jaw and yell "pop goes the weasel," what the fuck are you talking about?
...The lady's whacked, Trin, she's lost it and I want fucking out, now *call the Feds*.
Headhunters, nimrod, they go in pairs, were you always this stupid or did you take lessons?
I still got this fucking gun! No, you don't.
Fuck you.
Just fuck all of you.
Dammit.
Sink under the ocean, and when you come out you're a fucking schoolmarm, wanna tell me what happened?
Shut the fuck up.
Fuck.
Hate myself, Christ almighty.
I'd kill for fucking amnesia.
I pushed for Cindy, but hell.
This is gross, this is gonna be so Goddamn gross... Shit... it really... *is* you... Phil...? Phil Krauss?
You couldn't hit a lake if you were standing on the bottom, now shut the fuck up.
Christ, lady, what are you doing in there, playing fucking mah-jongg?
Is *that* what this is about...? The foot soldiers, the tanker truck... Fuck me, you're running a fundraiser!! You'll get all the money you want at the next budget hearing, won't you...? All you need is a major terrorist incident.
Are you fucking insane?
(to Timothy) How you gonna blame it on terrorists?
Shit, this place is loaded with fumes, nobody light a fucking match.
So kill 'em for me, bitch, Christ, what are you good for?
Now you're fucked, now it's ground beef time.
*Where's the fucking chopper*?
Fuckin' government.
In five seconds I'm gonna own that fucking truck.
Your body wants to go into shock... Fuck you, your breathing's lousy... Look at you.
I'm not leaving until I know the bitch is dead.
I got a kid here, I got my eight year-old daughter, *Jesus Christ*...! It's Christmas Eve, who are you *people*, fucking pull him off!
Die screaming, motherfucker.
What else, we got a fucking lightning rod on the roof...? No, Caitlin, *don't check*.
Sorry, can't drive... Are you okay...? (grimaces) ...Are you... stupid...? ...funny thing...?
I care that the President'll be so exposed.
(rubbing his ulcer) I hate rugby.
Concentrate, dammit!
Come on you bloody bastards!
It's a disgrace.
Along with the apartheid anthem.
It really irritated the warders.
We're a damn disgrace.
What's wrong?
This is terrible.
Shit, what's Pienaar been eating?
This is complete crap.
Make them see that this is a waste of time we don't have.
An act of revenge for the FBI killings in Waco, Texas.
Shit, I'm glad I don't live here.
What the hell are they doing?
They used to arrest you for singing it.
His hamstring.
Shit, that's what I weigh.
Do you still think I'm wasting my time with the rugby?
He'll be exposed to 62,000 people, twice.
(expressing his deepest All it takes is one idiot trying to make a statement, or one crazy fool who thinks he hears god speaking to him over the radio.
Bugger off!
(to himself) Candy ass bitch.
Damn.
Who's got my goddamn cigarette?!
He's dead.
(for Jake) One idiot with a gun's enough.
It's already pissed off!
That's what I'm talkin' about, bitch!
Shit.
I would have been screwed if you hadn't come along -- Hey, wait.
A warrior!
-- so the kid's out there one night and he's got the Queen Bitch herself offering him the spare room and the car keys.
Killing the indigenous looks bad, but there's one thing shareholders hate more than bad press -- and that's a bad quarterly statement.
A clean kill.
Jake, I'm serious -- you look like crap.
Get rid of this shit, then you can lecture me.
She was angry about the clear-cutting.
Shut the hell up!! Level out! Fly straight!
What the hell have you people been smoking out there?
Goddamn.
When people are sitting on shit you want, you make them your enemy.
The Sky People are coming to destroy Hometree.
Betrayer.
You think you can pull this palace coup shit on me?!
They've made up these big pallets of mine explosives.
Holy shit.
And if any of ya'll want to get off this piece of shit planet, you better cover our ass, `cause we're the only way back to orbit.
Are we breaking off?
(in growing alarm) What the hell is going on out there?
Let's see what these blue bastards do when I bitch-slap their goddess.
What do you mean, off the board?! Oh shit.
The SCREAMS STOP.
The Young Man STOPS screaming.
I'll lock them in the car.
Just to annoy you.
Zips it shut.
Mike locks the door.
Fucking nasty.
You're an asshole.
Mike's in disbelief.
Relieved, but fuming.
You bitch.
On SHERYL as she stops.
What, you disagree?
Ida hands a second rag to Mike.
Bite down on this...
Mike puts the rag in his mouth.
Mike SCREAMS again.
Mike wakes and... immediately freaks out.
Clyde shuts the door on Mike.
Clyde shuts the door.
Sheryl SCREAMS.
(Beat; to both of them) You're a couple of demented, sick, pathetic freaks.
Stop right there!
That's why he fucking kills them before they're born.
Because you're fucking insane monsters that don't deserve a child.
The fucking joke's on you... I'm already pregnant.
You're lying.
Shit.
Fight.
It's gunna be alright... Fuck you it's gonna be alright.
You've accused players of dirty tactics, cheating, dissent, foul play.
Chicken fucking bhuna in town.
Two peas in a fucking pod.
He fucking dived!
Is he fuck.
And who the FUCK are they?
Go home, put your feet up and fucking enjoy it.
67,000 FANS screaming and shouting.
For fuck's sake.. ...the referee is talking to his linesman..! He's sending them off!
And you turn the place into fucking Verdun.
BREMNER (cont'd) More's the fucking pity.
Shitting themselves.
You hate to mention him.
I hate to mention him why?
What the hell did you buy them for?
Waste of bloody money.
CLOUGH is left alone in the dressing-room.
Visibly irritated.
Your bastard sons.
CLOUGH is left alone.
Then he gets up, and in a terrifying flash of rage, picks up his glass and throws it against the wall.. CLOUGH walks out into the car park, then he stops in his tracks when he sees.. JOHNNY GILES, BILLY BREMNER and NORMAN HUNTER (among others), with their GIRLFRIENDS and WIVES and KIDS, being shown brand new cars by a SPONSOR.
CLOUGH sees BREMNER, GILES and HUNTER trying out the sports cars.
"The fucking end."
One ta screw it in and one ta suck my cock.
(angry) I knew you two pricks would give me problems.
Give me shit cause I'm a woman.
I'm not gonna take your male dominance bullshit!
(to Murphy) Fuck you... (to Connor) ...and fuck you!
Baumgartner sound Irish to you, fuck face?
You fuckin' slaves.
Kowtowing to the needs of men! Get up! Get the fuck up! Leave him there.
Ma, what's wrong?
Both you little bastards.
What the hell are you doin' with Da's gun!? (widening eyes) What the...? I got it ta my head now.
(screaming) Pull the trigger?! Have ya lost it woman?! Now just calm down here.
No Ma! (grabs his balls, rolls over) Aaaww, shit!... evil woman!
Well, I didn't but... (shaking his fist) Don't worry, I respected the hell out of her for ya, Ma.
Ya ruined my girlish figure in one fell swoop, and then ya sucked me dry.
(pulls back curtain, looks out window) Shit.
Half the damn neighborhood is comin'.
Newman, root through this shit.
Fuckin' huge.
What the fuck happened here?
What the fuck happened?
How the fuck's he know that?
Hold this shit for us, Doc.
Yes, nothing from our far reaching computer system has turned up jack shit on these two.
(pause) But angels don't kill and we got two bodies in the morgue that look like they've been... ...serial crushed by a huge fuckin' guy.
Our mother insisted on it.
What are you guys doing working at a fucking meat packing plant?
(snatching the package) Gimme the fuckin' thing.
Now sit the fuck down!
I'm so fuckin' funny.
Fuck you Vincenzo.
Hey, hey, hey... Fuck you!
You insignificant little fuck!
Fuckin' 90's are killin' me.
I gotta tip-toe through the tulips with these assholes.
I'm depressed.
Okay... um... you hear the one about the, no fuck that one... uh... oh! oh! Well... shit.
And uh, he's pissed off.
Fan-fuckin-tastic!
And is there an American, shit is there a man seated among us that hasn't thought about it many times, let's just put them all on an island, give them guns and let them kill each other.
You and your fucking rope.
Where the fuck are you going?
This rope is bullshit.
We're doing some serious shit here.
Now, get a hold of yourself, asshole.
Asshole!?
Sh, sh! Fuck you!
Oh, shit, please!
(they take it) Shit!
You're such a fuckin' retard!
Fuck you!
You are fuckin' dead, you go in there today.
You two fuckin' Micks know what's going on, huh? (flips them off) Fuck you! (trying to calm him) Hey, this ain't a thing you should gamble on, Roc.
Fuck it!
Ya dumb Wop.
Bye-bye ya stupid son of a bitch.
You get in there and start getting a bad vibe, get the fuck out quick.
I'm fuckin' fine.
Fuck this job.
(points to middle booth) These two are street-walking scum.
Two guns were used here, guns A and B. The guy in the middle was done with both.
But this guy... (denotes right booth) ...he was killed with bullets from gun A only.
A guy went nuts over off of Commonwealth today.
Fuck.
That fat fuck knew before we did.
Stop the car!
Vincenzo, that fat motherfucker, Yakavetta's right hand.
So let's kill the motherfucker.
(looks at Murphy) Yeah, well... Oh, what the fuck?
I know where they fuckin' live.
You guys got masks.
(takes off mask) Fine! Fuck it!
What the fuck are you doing?
So, when are you getting a plastic fuck doll?
I've been waitin' for this asshole.
Wyatt-fuckin'-Earp, man!
Fuck you.
Hey, I just... Don't start with your shit.
Here's a gold watch and a job sniffing other guys' shit eight hours a day.
(they continue to cheer) He's gonna fuckin' kill me! (he fights harder) This guy is one bad motherfucker.
It was a fucking ambush.
And this was a fucking bomb dropping in Beaver Cleaverville!
(in shock, and rage) They used ammonia... none of this shit is any good... Fuck...
Even if we get suspects in this case, we got nothing... Nothing! (screaming) Who the fuck are they?! I've never seen any-fucking-thing like this in my whole fucking life.
Who the fuck are they?!! What?
That's it?! Shit.
Well, I'd say that makes him a lia- fuckin-bility.
(looking at the bloody mess) My Mom's gonna kill me.
We gotta talk about this early morning church shit.
Shut up! Shut the fuck up! Don't do this my son.
Have you no fear of God? That's who I'm doing this for, now open the fuckin' thing.
(hard whisper) You little fuck.
I put evil men behind bars, but the law has miles of red tape and loopholes for these... cocksuckers to slip through.
Oh fuck! (runs out) (yelling) You gonna tell me what's going on here?! Huh!
You little fuck!
He ain't smart enough for this shit.
I'm fucking gone!
One fucking guy, so what.
(points) You guys cover those other exits and if you see him, don't flag him down, just kill the mother fucker.
Tonight ain't the night for this shit.
Hey, Chappy! (Chappy, emerges way down the hall) What the fuck?
This is beginnin' to piss me off, this is!
...I mean, I'm sorry for the cunt an' all that but there's no point in draggin' it out, is there?... We're goin' round in circles!... Fair do's, the guy's hurtin' but fuck me!
Shit 'appens... deal with it!
(Flexing his fist) 'S throbbin' like fuck!...' Ad it in a bowl of iced water when I got back ... It's my own fuckin' fault!
He was on the phone to me last night...'our and a 'alf!... Woke me up!..."Cunt" this and "cunt" that ... r eckon ed he coul dn't sle ep .. pi ss ed ou t of hi s hea d! .. .
Not like Colin Diamond! ...Believe me, you shoulda heard `im... fuckin'ell... On and on!... Tellin' me 'is fuckin' dreams! - Get this - He's in a phone box - only it's not a phone box -- it's her cunt!
Dentures!... Her cunt's got dentures!
I was tryin' not to laugh... I'm knackered -- It's 'alf three in the fuckin' mornin' hearin' this shit!
Fuckin' `ell!
In walks a cock -- Yeah, you heard, a cock!...
In walks a cock!... Massive...
Not his - guess who's?... That's right!... Fuck's sake!... Then he's on a plane... Club class... 'avin' is dinner... dressed as a clown!... ...Big red nose!... Like Ronald fuckin' McDonald!... Waitress comes up the aisle, starts punchin' im in the head!! ...You make sense of it... It's fuckin' tragic!
We better watch'im ... (slight pause)... Dressed as a clown?! Fuckin' Coco, mate! ...Alright, Col? Pink Revised 21st May 2008 13. (Holding up a near empty bottle of Smirnoff) ...He is vodka, Old Man Peanut, I'n'e?
Give us a fuckin' drink!
Shut up, Colin!
Where's Old Man fuckin' Peanut?
I'm fuckin' here!... That's where he is!... Cunt! Sorry, Pop... We wondered where you was.
Don't Pop me!... I'm fuckin'.ere!... Give's a fuckin' drink... Bunch o' cunts!
(Snatching the bottle and cup) Give it 'ere!... Treat me like a fuckin' cunt!... Tosser!
You get it together, you cunt!...
Can 't' a ve it !...Y ou we re a fuckin' disgrace last night!
- You're a man... Fucking act like one!
(Vociferously) ...And the bloodied slave rose to 'is feet, thrust his hand into 'is defiant chest, tore out `is own heart and threw it at the aggressor, sayin' "Free from bondage!... Free from fuckin' bondage' you CUNT!!"... Eh?... Eh?... (Offhand) Yeah, you're right, Pop.
Fuckin' right I'm fuckin' right!... It's th e s t ro n g t ha t s h al l i n he r it th e earth...
... Above everything ... Everything!...'Til this is done and dusted ... Put to bed... Lai d to re st .. No bo dy do es fu ck in ' nothin' but this! ... This - This is where we are... 'Ere! ... Now! ... This.. Where's fuckin' Meredith?
He would've cut their eyelids off, stuck 'em in a f uc k in ' s a ck wi t h a s n ak e , a cockerel and a dog and chucked 'em in the fuckin' sea! Charmin! (Vehement) It was!
A fuckin' giant!...
So sue me!... * ...Cor, fuck me - Deja Vu!... * (studies OLD MAN PEANUT) * ...
(Munching) Fuck off! ...So, Kittens, what's happenin?
Fuckin' up big style!
Told her if she didn't buck her ideas up she'd be out of the showroom - stick her desk' in the backyard beside the khazi!. - Stupid cow! - And you know what she said?
Desperately) Oh, fuck... What is it ?... 'S a matt er?.. .'S
... Fire and fucking sword!
... It hurts your fucking eyes!
They will fucking suffer!
Ask me how much I won... ... Fucking suffer!
Forty thousand and six 'undred pounds is what I won... Fuck me!... 'Ow? ... W ell , I' ll te ll ya .
.. we w er e fucking about... ...
(To us) ... He's off... Steams into the nearest table and smacks six thou down on the black... (Screaming over to Meredith) (To us) We were laughin' like fuck! (Calling over) Double or quits!
(Screaming) ..."Meredith you're a cunt!
Puttin g you r one in a man' s bum !... Sodomite... Buggerer... Peanut ... What I choose to do with my nine and a half has got fuck all to do with you!
Fucking smarm!
... Is t hat a bad crime?
- Ov- ver - lovin'??? ... You've made a mistake, you 'ave ... You're gonna miss me! - You're really * gonna fuckin miss me! ... Coupla days time - when it sinks in ... Oh, you'll reg re t t ha t! Wh at a n e rr or !
... You've fucked up! Boy, 'ave you fucked up!... An' you know what? - when you realise 'ow ... (selects a word) silly you've been -- `ow impulsive ... reckless and stupid - 'ow ... (selects a word) feminine you've been - you stupid woman ... you're gonna come runnin', back with your tail between your legs pleadin' to be let in out of the cold - and will I take you back? - Will I fuck!!
- we're lost in the jungle - can't see each other - (Softly) I don't feel like that, Colin - I don't * feel the same as you - just have to get out - (Petulant) Well fuck off then!!... Go on, go!... Fuck off!... I'll be alright ...
Tell me the cunt's name - I wanna know.
Cunt - I'll cut `is cock off when I find * 'im! (Forcefully) Oh stop it, Colin!
Oh, th at's right , pro tect the cunt!
... I'm tellin' you, Liz - mark my fuckin' words - I will tear the flesh off 'is face with my fuckin' teeth and stick it in your fuckin' `andbag!
You think you can say that to me an' then j ust g o?! - Leav e me here with that?! - Drop a bomb in my brain and just go?! ... No, you can't!... (Menacingly) Tell me his fuckin' name... (Confessionally) I caught her right on the fuckin' chin... Her head bounced off the door frame...
I hit her so fuckin' hard... Heard her teeth rattle in her hea d. .. Sh e was l yi ng th er e.. .
I said... "Tell me 'is fuckin' name!"... but she wouldn't look at me... Well, she wouldn't, would she?!...
pun ched her..."Tell me!"...punched her... "Tell me!" ... punched her "Tell me `is fuckin' name!"... ...
-- Fuckin 'audacity!
Cheeky cunt!
(To the wardrobe) Fucked his wife?! ... Fucked his fuckin' wife?! ...
You fuckin' wife- fucker you!...
You fuckin' fucked his * wife you wife-fuckin' cunt!... * (beat) Fuckin' his wife?!... Fuckin' his fuckin' * wife?!... Another man's wife?!... Are you * fuc ki n' th ic k? - Yo u cunt !... Fu ck another man's wife?... What's the matter with you?!
(To the wardrobe) Should've got your own fuckin' wife to fuck! (From outs ide.. .
me nacin gly quiet) ...You're in deep shit, mate ... You're in the worst possible place a man can find himself... (Turns to Colin) When d'you wanna do this, Col? When are we doin' it?
... Come on, my blood's fuckin' up!
Yes? No? - what? ... Colin?- S up to you, mate - you're the one in the cunt hat! (To Colin) It's about time, mate... (Rising) Get the fucker out 'ere! ...Well!... Col?...
She's forty-two Forty-four Fucking hell, she looks good for forty- four! 'Ow would you know?! (Pointing) Peanut - would you like me to spank your bony arse?
That was Tommy Yardley, y'cunt ... the stouter of the two! - He couldn't drive!
He was only five foot four I fucked `im back in the seventies - I'm tellin' you - he was a gentle giant!
It was that other cunt... the cunt with the ears!... Pen and inked somethin' terrible!... That's Dougie Clark ... the human stink- bomb! ... Fuckin' hell!...
Cor, fuck me ... I think I'm gonna throw up! Pink Revised 21st May 2008 38.
' bo ut warmth... 'bout bein' a normal married couple... why would she do this?... Flush it all down the fuckin' toilet... why?
What a terrible waste!...What a waste of time!.
What is the fuckin' point!
'Bout what?
Use a banana?! Blimey o'Reilly You cunt!
Cunt! Fucker!
Bullseye You're a bit of a boy, aintcha?... Bit of a fucking boy?
Fuckin' did! 'Uckin' `ell!
(Angered) She's a mother!! That's somebody's mother, you idiot!!... She's got children!
You shit!
T h a t w a s h i s L i z y o u fucked!... That's Mrs. Diamond!...
A married woman, you berk! ...And you a fucking waiter!...
A fucking waiter!... frog waiter!...
You sorry fuck!
You dare get emotional...
You dare get emotional... Don't you dare... Leave that out...
You kill him quick and you're a cunt!
This cunt's been up my wife!!... (HE CALMS)... Yeah, I'm alright, Arch! (Casually) 'S he alright?
Under that stupid bag ... thinkin' away ... I can hear it .. .
Ca n hea r yo ur br ain whirrin'... let me 'ave a stab at what you're thinkin' apart from the obvious - Sweet Jesus, please help me!"... My guess is you 're thinkin' , 'Why am I still alive?
You know-you're not a bad looking boy!.. Yeah, I can see the attraction!... Young ... fit ... well built ... sexy ... but if you don't mind my sayin' so - isn't it all a bit obvious?
... Silly cow ... What a stupid woman!... (To Loverboy) You don't know the first thing about her! ... Bet she's never farted in front of you, has she! ... Has she? ... No! ... I thought not!... it's not romantic, is it?
Pl ump in g up he r pillows... and she might get irritated by tha t... ' leave me in peace for God's sake!
... E nj oy th e washing up-whistle while you work ... and if she shouts through for you to "shut up please stop whistling`--- then shut up! Stop whistling!
And, yes, you've ignored the dripping tap or whatever for five years but one day, for whatever reason, fuck knows why, you get up off your fat arse and you find yourself under the sink with a span ner in your hand and yo u're s m i l i n g a way like fuck...'Cos you know that its gonna please her! ...
You ugly cunt ... your heart's ugly ... selfish ... selfish, ugly, cunt !... Love is give and take, mate ... give and take... give... and... take...
HIS FIST MENACINGLY) I give you such a fucking punch in the mouth in a minute ... (PAUSE) I wet the bed last night ... coz of you ... cried myself to sleep .
.. Cr ied m yself to fuckin' * sleep!
... Fucking look at me!
You fucking cunt !...
He meets this bitch... Boyd'y! - Stephen Boyd! - Scrumptious!
And he said, `Up your arse!"... D'you forgive 'im?
.. a l ittle bastard!... (Dismissively) Oh, shut up ... you idiot!
B eat i t o ut of h er! You're in trouble you cunt and you know it!
Piss your pants?
'Ow dare you!...'Ow dare you!... I'll mark your face forever!... I'll knock your fuckin' teeth out (as he says this his dentures slip out of his mouth.
OLD MAN PEANUT, furious, rises... Don't rise to it, Pop! (Sitting) ...Yeah, you're right!
How she went f rom lo ve to hate in a s plit second?
... I might paint that when I get home ... give it to Archie's mum on Pancake Day... (Wetting himself) Shutup!! (Wiping away a laughter tear) Poor bastard!
Yeah!, In his kitchen - that's right!... in his own fuckin' kitchen!... Had his fuckin' heart ripped out ... standin' by the fridge... Should've seen his face - Stupid! Looked like a cunt !...
... The man Colin!... Yeah, he fucked 'is fuckin' wife, didn't he?! Fucked 'is fuckin' wife! (Rises takes out a cigarette) What and you wouldn't?
Fuck off! - What is this?! ... (a l l e ye s o n M A L) Fu c k' s s a ke !
... What you tryin' to do - put me in the fuckin' wardrobe?! ... Wel l, I' m no t goi n' in th e fuc ki n' war dr obe !. .. I re fu se to g o i n th e fuckin' wardrobe !.. Alright?!... Fuckin' make me out to be a... to be a... To be a what?
Look she's a good lookin' woman - she's beautiful - she's sexy - she's horny - fuckin' Meredith said as much - You'd have to be blind not to notice - deaf and dumb - but if you're expectin' me to deny that ... I'm not gonna!
... But one thing I am fuckin' not ... one thing I am most definitely not - is - - A liar.
That's fuckin' right!
I smoke - What do I smoke Col? * Sovereigns! * Sovereigns!...Alright!...Get the ugly * old silver pack out ... put one in my * mouth ... yellow 'clipper'... light it ... lean on the bonnet... puff away ... She's still fuckin' looking at me... Pink Revised 21st May 2008 78B.
Fucking cheers Meredith.
Gardener fucks the maid!
I'm gonna kill `im... like the beast you think I am! Go on, son, fill yer boots!
'Bout fuckin' time!
Break 'is fuckin' neck!... (TO LIZ) Come on, I can take it!
I mean... Id cut both my arms off if I could hold you one last t ime -- oh, that' s mad an' all, innit!...
Sounds fuckin' `orrible!
Let's go in... fuck it!
I can hear Brighton Billy spinnin' in his fuckin' grave!... "Free to go"!! (Nudgi ng MA L, in dicat ing `Ere, he's listenin'... His ears are out on stalks...
He fucking is!... Very fortunate!
I'm really upset about this! You're free to go, mate.
The fuckin' Mummy?! Oh, he likes you!
(Ligh tly shak ing LOVERB OY's hand) Yeah, alright, mate... now fuck off `fore I give you another slap!... Door's there, look!... Mind how you go! `Ere you!... Look at me... Don't you go blabbing off, now, will ya?
Good boy... Now get out of my sight you piece of shit!
I died in a `orrible fuckin' room they'd give me in the midst of a bunch of doddery, decrepit, dribbling old mongs!... Come the time, this dragon-witch-bitch of a nurse, arsked me if I wanted a fuckin' priest?! To make my peace!...
I told `em where to get off!... Told `em all to fuck off out of it and leave me to meet my maker on my Jack Todd!...
I was wanted!... "I'll break you", it said... "I'll fucking' break you!"...
They hate me!
You're insane.
(he punches a line) Hello?
You -- you know damn straight who it is.
I don't know what your problem is... Kaufman's a lying bastard!
(soft) George, I hate sitcoms.
(he explodes) LISTEN, you arrogant putz!
They'll deny it up and down, but I swear to God, they're the same person!
I'm gonna quit.
They'll get frustrated!
It's not postmodern -- it's rude.
Well whoever the fuck that is, I'm firing him!
Oh dear! (upset) George, this is gonna kill Tony.
There'll be other shots.
And you better freeze, or I'll get your asses fired!!! He's never gonna start!
Hey, here's an evil Japanese guy!
I'll shut my mouth and pay her 500 dollars.
Merv Griffin has received 2000 pieces of hate mail.
Then you piss-off the South.
"Wowie!" (losing his temper) You're not listening to me -- Don't worry!
Shit...! What's he doing?? It's okay.
I said, Oh my God --! MELANIE (cont'd) He's a fuckin' psycho!
(upset) It's a lie!
They threatened to fire me from Taxi, unless I gave in to their demands!
Christ, you're ON! Before we begin this event, I just wanna say a few things to you foul people.
ANDY (cont'd) ANDY (cont'd) YOU ARE FULL OF SHIT, Lawler!
ANDY (cont'd) ANDY (cont'd) YOU ARE FULL OF SHIT, Lawler!
This is bad...
That's ridiculous.
That's the sort of thing you guys would work out to fuck me up.
But you refused me, Dorothy.
(bristling up) And, I'll tell you what, Mr. Dugan, I've been insulted grossly in this house.
I'm an Englishman, I am, and a man of property; and I -- I -- If you're insulted, and not satisfied, remember there's two of us, Best.
Mark this, come what will of it, I swear I will fight the man who pretends to the hand of Dorothy Dugan.
He was quite in the wrong, having insulted Lady Fuddelstone, when in liquor, at the Brentford Assembly.
I hate it.
If the young feller will go to Dublin, as proposed... I'm not sorry -- I'll not apologize -- and I'll as soon go to Dublin as to hell! Look here, Roderick, my boy; this is silly business.
A fraud.
And so I put to him some other foolish jokes about soapsuds, hen- pecking, and flat-irons, which set the man into a fury, and succeeded in raising a quarrel between us.
It's a lie! You're a deserter!
(touching his hat) You are going to drive to the frontier.
Then I ring all the bells in the house; and shout, and swear, and scream, "Thieves!
A hired valet who robs me whenever he has the power.
My lady is a weak woman, but she is my mistress.
It is my only object.
She would try my temper, at home, too, in a thousand ways.
He used to quote passages of "Hamlet" to his mother, which made her very angry.
(angered) What the devil?
Your bother is in America fighting the rebels.
By now, my financial affairs were near to ruin.
Ever so angry, but the least offer of good-will on your part did not bring me to your side?
With that coxswain dickhead.
Jealous?
I'll show you, bitch!
You want to mess with me, I'll kick your bitch ass, girl.
Darlene -- You, shut up.
Fuck it.
What the hell would a freighter be doing up here?
It's way out of the lanes.
So we cut her loose and wait it out.
Dodge?
What do you want me to tell you, that we can throw this sucker back in and start pulling her like nothing happened?
Are you crazy?
That's a damn big boat.
Thanks for the warning -- Ow! Damn!
He ain't gonna be out here by himself, that's for damn sure.
Ho-ly shit.
Damn barbaric is what it is.
Hell, what difference does it make if we report it now or later?
Dammit!
Dodge?
Dodge!
Dodge?
Dodge!
I heard a scream.
Then what the hell happened to him?
What the fuck -- ?
I didn't touch the fucking radio.
I didn't touch the fucking radio!
Wrong.
We heard you scream.
"The crew have gone mad with greed and fight among themselves like wild dogs over fresh kill."
Collision?
But where's the damage?
What the hell happened!
Dodge!
Damn it.
Victims of what?
She said the ship was evil.
Dodge.
This is Dodge.
Identify yourself, motherfucker!
And I sure ain't gonna roll over for the freaky motherfucker did this.
Crazy with greed.
I thought this was all the rage.
He's been shot.
Let's get the hell out of here.
And Greer too, except he went nuts.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Pisses down, October to June.
That's good, you get to fuck a few more.
That, I couldn't tell you .. And don't worry about anya this crap, by the time you're back it's gone .. BERLIN (Phone) Listen, my time isn't good - but two things - really important - the bras- siere I sent you? - I need to know if those stains are human blood - and if they are, do they match the blood in the sample?
You gotta stop smoking .. I am stopping smoking ... I don't mean this "system" shit that keeps you sucking, I mean stop .. I was exactly like you are .. I used to wake in the night - heart going so hard I coulda made love with my left tit .. If I can stop, you can .. How'd you do it, old man?
Neg and that's a rare one/Two/the blood on the brassie- re is compatible with the blood from the hand/Three/If you need anything else the official answer from all us Christians down here, is fuck off/Shoot me a duck/Bye] What are you gonna do, Soldier?
Give the fucking F.B.I. a present?
Because I dislike her too much .. O.K. and I'm not in love with this fukker?
You won't give yourself one-fucking-minute for you.
If you win a bet, you can't keep winning it .. Pay me, and I shut up.
To throw out of the window.
It keeps you sucking.
I'm gonna find that fucking dog!
Soft lead, it's worthless .. I think, fuck it.
And fuck Citrine.
I was wrong.
Her scars.
Did she shout?
Did she scream?
I dunno, I daren't go in there - just about get her wired up, and the fucking mayor walks in - mad as hell - what are we doing fuck- ing with his staff?
Oh my God Mother's shit.
She gets a dead straight line, and that's an exceptional reading ..this is the stupidest thing we ever done.
Fucking Citrine's gonna fire one of us for this I can't believe it.
Look at the shit you're putting yourself through?
Up to my asshole in anger, living off the vitamins in cigarettes?
If there's a body under the snow, fuck it.
You gotta accept you stopped living in that world, & try and give yourself a break in this .. Just makes to so God damned mad .. You're a fucking great policeman, but give yourself a break.
You're here 5 minutes, you find yourself a fucking homicide?
Now he's reading Helena Robertson's name, phrased like she's a fucking witness.
Well, give me a fucking break!
Shut up, King Jay .. No, c'mon, Freddy, let's have this out & over.
Coz I wanted to stop this bullshit.
it's pissing me, & everyone off.
That bitch is blind as a blonde fucken bat.
Bull shit .. I'm in my prime .. Bits.
You O.K.] Fucken flashlight's kaput .. [Door's locked .. shit] What's happen- ing, Brother?
What the hell's going on up there, Brother?
What the fuck are you doing? - It's me - Holy shit! - John - John - Not you - Don't shoot you crazy bastard!
Immediately you get up?
So let's quit the bullshit and get down to it.
Aren't you gonna arrest me?
He challenges you .. and this ain't a piece of wood with a nail through it .. this guy's got a 12 gauge Winchester up your nose .. and he's drunk .. and you're dizzy .. and your eye's fulla blood .. you ain't thinking good, and you're seeing worse .. Wow! .. it just went off! ..
You come in here with one more lie, and I bull- shit you not, I'm gonna press for the maximum penalty there is.
.. Who made the arrest?
That's ridiculous.
We? (defensive) What?
You threw it at me!! Alright.
Stop hitting me!
Jesus Christ!! What the hell are you doing?!! What are you doing?! You're crawling around like a-- I'm laying a spring trap!
Cut the fucking line!
Cut the Goddamn rope! (working away) I'm trying!
Hurry up!! Shit!! Hank!! (screaming) Look out!! (back to Kelly) Are you alright?
Hector, we got dragged off position, when you surface, you gotta yell.
(then) I lied.
Where is he? (yelling) This isn't funny!! What's that?
We got a few hours to kill.
(trying to gather herself) Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
(annoyed) I'm not mushing it.
(swallows) Holy shit.
Move over!! Go!! (screaming) Go!!! I'm trying!!! (livid) This time, I'm gonna kick your ass.
You think I'm that nuts?
Fuck it.
Three, two, one... Fire!! Oh, shit.
(screaming) Watch out!! Keep firing!
Motherfucker.
Shit!! Hector!! (to Keough) Take him.
He's through fighting.
Finance and expertise.
A goddamn pansy, Ed.
She doesn't know I'm telling you this--she's mad enough already.
...I hate wops.
Oh, hell.
Those sons of bitches!
The hell with it, Eddie!
Will anyone corroborate and goddamn part of your story at all? ...Come on, people.
Hell, you could've gotten Lloyd Garroway for that.
...Doesn't become a matter of public record unless there's foul play.
She was a phony.
Goddamn phony.
Under arrest for murder.
Broken.
He's under arrest for murder?
You're under arrest for the murder of Creighton Tolliver!
For the district attorney... ...that made it fall into place: I'd gotten Doris to steal the money, the pansy had gotten wise somehow, and I'd had to kill him to cover my tracks.
It's bad.
And the Stones.
Damn thing.
Don't overwhelm me with details, you know how I hate that.
That I thought I'd done a great job but it all turned to shit?
And I can't fix this damn machine.
Why didn't you come over, get mad at me, tell me what a stupid bitch I was.
Don't tell me you're mad.
Be mad.
Shit! Got to get there.
This is bad.
Got to have a hat.
You deserve a break today... Damn fish!
Water, water, everywhere, water, water everywhere... Where's the water on this fucking island?
Shit.
Dammit!
Stupid fucking thing!
Dammit!
Damn tooth!
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Too damn low.
What the fuck are you doing?
Hang on.
No. Take it, damn it.
Take the damn water.
You idiot, if he dives, he'll capsize the raft.
You fucking murderers!
(deep voice: God) Because you piss me off.
Damn it!
It's a fucking soccer ball, you idiot.
Shut the fuck up!
What's so damn funny?
Look again, asshole.
Life is a fucking Disney movie?
Shit! Wilson!
God damn!
This is so unfair.
When I first showed up, I thought you'd lost your fucking marbles.
Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
You fucking listening to me?
My fucking hand!
He means "kill him".
I'm not a- I said show me your fucking hand!
Holy shit.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
What in the hell is going on?
Get your asses out here!
By working as a whore?
All the others are gone - destroyed by the war or in the burnings that came after.
So what the hell was all that about back there?
I need to know what's so special about this goddamn book.
My old man, he'd read that book, then he'd get liquored up and kick my ass, tell me all about the power and the glory and how I was going to burn forever in hell for the sins I was born with.
With words.
Shit.
Damn you, return fire!
Come and get it, you god-damn sons of mother-fucking bitches!
Screw this.
Fuck! Get it off!
If you don't got the book, what fucking use are you?
You're wrong.
Take your shit and get out of here.
What the hell...? Stop, stop!
Shit.
We can't go chasin' her! Stupid little bitch... Drive on.
I betrayed you!
The new world begins here... What the fuck is this?
What's wrong?
God fucking dammit!
(laughing) Fuck you, Nero.
Hey, fuck you, man.
Oh shit.
Lenny, goddamn it, you got to be there, you got to help me, come on, pick up, pick up... ... you got to be there for me... COME ON! Shit, I'll call later.
Son of a bitch!
Because everything's been done, every kind of music's been tried, every government's been tried, every fuckin' hairstyle.
Jeez, you're pathetic.
Any pathetic behavior at all?
Panhandler of stolen dreams.
Leave him alone, Tran.
Holy shit.
Blackjack?
Ohhhh shit.
He's skull-fucking you, bud.
You don't know what you're fucking with here.
Not a whole hell of a lot.
Well... the guy's fucked up.
(sees his car) Damn.
I'm boxed in.
Shit.
Fuckin' Five-O (on bullhorn) Go to the bottom of the ramp.
(jumping out of the car) Goddamn, now what you pull me over for?
Fuck you!
Shut the fuck up! (yelling) Leave the fuck off of us, we weren't doing anything... Shut up! Don't make me walk over there.
And you're gonna be in my next song, motherfucker, it's called Robo-Spreg.
Get the bitches.
(to Cecile) Damn!
Open up! (knocks again, then opens rear van door) Tick, I got to talk to you, man... oh shit.
You are a pussy-whipped sorry-ass motherfucker, you know that?
See? It's fucking brilliant!
If he gives us any shit, we kill 'em all.
Tran's gonna do her right there unless-- Lenny... shutup.
This toxic-waste bitch!
What the fuck are you doing?! Lenny!
Like she could take all the hurt and rage of the entire world and lift it up to heaven in one voice.
All this shit caused by a random traffic stop.
Lenny!! Fucking bitch!!
Let me tell you what's going on here-- (to the nearest officers) These two are under arrest for murder.
Who are they fighting?
I now the Captain meant no person- al insult.
The officer is to be beamed up immediately!
Arm photon torpedoes...! 133 ANOTHER ANGLE - McCOY NOTICING KIRK 133 Photon torpedoes armed...! Object is an asteroid, reading mass point seven... (consulting instruments) Impact in eight seconds... seven... six... five... Fire torpedoes...! (punching button) Torpedoes away...! (relieved) We're out of it...! We are at warp point eight.
We've got to intercept while it still is out there! (near annoyed) Aye, we understand that sir!
McCOY (shakes head) As ship's doctor, I am now discussing the subject of command fitness.
Our sensors are useless.
Vulcan nerve pinch .
(hard) Spock, what in the hell are you doing out here!
Stretching the bare Spock, if you're right, its mind may be enormous ... forces his touches the surface -- and it FLARES WITH STRANGE ENERGY at the Now scanning pons area at spinal nerve fiber connection... 319 ANGLE ON McCOY AND KIRK 319 McCOY Indications of some neurological trauma--the power pouring through that mind-meld must have been staggering... !
With a spanking ...!?
Take the fucking ustura and finish this Rushca.
Ozim yells `kabuka!
Baby's heart beat sixty... fifty- eight, fifty-eight... fifty-seven... Anna, I'm trying to rotate the shoulder medially... shit... THE JUNIOR DOCTOR is breathing hard with a look of utter panic as he attempts to free the baby.
Who the fuck's that?
(irritated) It has sentimental value.
You never seen anybody pissed before?
Who... the fuck... are you to tell me enough?
There is a knock on the door.
Get out of the fucking way, you black gypsy baboon.
OK, which one you going to fuck!? (laughing) What's it to you? Serious.
You're going to fuck one of these girls.
OK, OK, Jesus... You're going to fuck one of these girls right now.
Who are you going to fuck?
You fucking Siberian ox don't tell a vor what is enough.
Now I'm going to watch you fuck one of these girls to prove to me that you ain't queer.
Well if my examination is over, get the fuck out of here while I get dressed.
Old as fuck.
(in Russian) Shut your fucking mouth!
I've got connections with the Chechens who export cars.
Papa, I swear to you, I was going to... Shut up!
How the hell can you eat?
Fuck you!! Yeah you!
I pointed out that I am a Muslim too and it is a sin for a Muslim to kill a Muslim.
(irritated) What did they say about my son?
You keep going, bitch.
Where the fuck are you going?
Your father was a bitch and a weak fucker for working with the Government, that's right isn't it?
She was a whore anyway.
(almost accusing) Have you slept at all?
Fucking NATO.
(softly) What the hell did that cocksucker want with my blood?
Hey, you stupid fucker!! Be quiet baby.
Dr. Evil?
Where were you hit?
It's one of Dr. Evil's assassins.
Where's Doctor Evil?
It's Dr. Evil.
(out loud, to himself) My God, Vanessa's got a smashing body.
If it's a lie, goddamn her.
(pause) Oh, hell, let's just do what we always do.
I'm your father, Dr. Evil.
I hate you!
Hit me.
Oh, I forgot to tell you, they're prescription X-ray glasses.
Unfortunately, while you told that stupid story, Dr. Evil has escaped.
I hate having my picture taken.
You're crazy.
Smashing!
Crazy.
Yes! (beat) Smashing!
Smashing!
Give me optic nerve.
You're smashed, Vanessa.
(reciting poem) 'Pardon me for being rude, It was not me, it was my food.
Damn.
(to Dr. Evil) (angry) Doctor Evil!
Hello, Exposition.
Austin, this is my mother, Mrs. Exposition.
Austin, have you gone mad? (through pain) Who is that man?
Why did he hit me?
I'm going to floor it!
Are they ill-tempered?
Mutated, ill- tempered sea bass it is.
Are you crazy?
Blast!
I'm going to have a lump there, you idiot!
Shocking.
Kill the little bastard.
I had the group liquidated, you little shit.
They were insolent.
I hate you!
I hate you!
Well, Austin, you've stopped Dr. Evil from destroying the world with his subterranean nuclear probe, and somehow you and Agent Kensington managed to escape unscathed from his evil lair.
I'd say that about sums it up, Exposition.
It's a bomb.
I hate surprises.
David, where the hell are you, we were supposed to meet at the club-- Oh, shit, sorry Sky, I spaced-- next Tuesday?
Haven't decided yet... --like fuckin' wildfire, just opened an office in Frisco here-- I played my game in New York... What do you think John, will CRS ever go public?
Time to piss... Why do you ask, Schuyler?
Shit, shit, shit... BERNARD SHAW (on TV) ...the bill goes before the House next week, where it's expected to meet stiff opposition-- (beat, touches his ear) Wait, this just in... BERNARD SHAW (cont., on TV) The U. S. geological service has detected a massive disturbance in the earth's crust deep beneath the northern segment of the San Andreas fault... BERNARD SHAW (cont., on TV) ...they have issued a warning that a major earthquake of magnitude eight or greater is likely to hit the San Francisco Bay area within... (a beat) Oh my God, the next fifteen minutes-- BERNARD SHAW (cont., on TV) There is no time for an evacuation.
SCHUYLER (on phone) Bob, it's Sky, what the hell is going on?
SCHUYLER (on phone) What?! Fire their asses, that's it.
I was friends with your father, you bastard, I watched you grow up, and now you kick me in the balls-- That's not how you play the game.
You could've fucking told me!
Fuck me! Oh this is cute.
Shut the fuck up.
Fuck you too.
Asshole, just send me the goddamn dry-cleaning bill.
Shit, it's in here somewhere-- Fine.
Shit-- You got a fucking phone, call an ambulance!
What is your problem, you think the whole fucking world revolves around you?
As a matter of fact... What the fuck is going on?! It's a little hard to explain... Try!
Damn it, no signal.
Son of a bitch.
Damn it... (a beat, thoughtful) Wrong key...
You're crazy!
Leave me alone!
Where are the glasses?! Fuck the glasses!
I figured what the hell, I can use the money-- I got him up to 500.
I hated that fucking job anyway-- Wait, so the heart attack, you knew that was a joke too-- No! It scared the shit out of me-- But that CPR routine-- I used to be a lifeguard.
(a sigh) OK, what the fuck are you doing in the dumpster.
It was on my windshield-- Oh shit, oh SHIT they must be following us-- They're shooting at us! David, get a grip, it's just a flat tire!
(climbing out) Fine, I'll change the fucking thing myself.
No, you can't do it from-- What the fuck are those-- (whirling on him) Like you don't know.
I don't know what the hell they're for-- You're behind the whole thing aren't you?
You and your sick fucking friends set it up-- What?! What friends?
Listen to me-- Fuck you!
This has got to fucking STOP! You're hurting me!
You people are insane... CRS-MAN (on TV) Hey, look who's talking to their TV set.
Son of a bitch.
There was a black 500SE behind us the whole way, I just assumed... Shit.
Shit!
Get away from there!! (steps toward her) Oh, now I suppose they're going to-- Holy shit!! What is this!?
They find me now I'm dead-- Listen to me you bastard-- I know what's going on!
(blows it in his face) Shit, they really screwed up, I can't believe they didn't take the time to get the house right.
How the hell did they think they were gonna get my money?
This "game," the psych shit about your dad going sui... SCHUYLER (on phone) Guten tag-- Vilen dank, Englisch...
Well, that was stupid.
That's gibberish!
(annoyed) It is the capital of Honduras.
I can't believe you took that shit seriously.
(clutching his hand) No, David-- please... (pulling away) Oh, man, stop fucking with me!
(touches the punk's arm) OK, there's the C... Give me the fucking bag! (cold, deadly) Come on, you're not going to put me through all this shit and then kill me on a fucking train, it won't look like a suicide... Freeze assholes!
What do you think you're doing, this guy attacked me!
You fucking bastard!
Fuck you!
Listen, everything's OK, nobody touched your money, nobody stole a thing, that's impossible-- I don't give a fuck about the money, I wanna know who's behind this, who did this to me, how, why-- It's just a game!
You taste it, you fucking vampire.
Shit, how do we get out-- Wait a minute.
You move again I swear I'll kill you, you bitch.
We? --the guy in Honduras, the cop on the train, there was always a safety net, always-- Shut up, shut the fuck up!! RADIO VOICE (filter) --just hang in there, keep talking him down, we're on our way-- We've been trying to end it since you got back, our people came to your house, they tried to bring you in from the subway, you kept running, you weren't supposed to keep getting lost-- You just said you wanted me to come here-- you're making this up as you go along!
Fucking.
You shot her!?
He fucking shot them!! I'll call an ambulance.
I'm here, you're not gonna die... Hang on, just hang on, you're gonna make it-- That stupid... Oh God.
You fucking psycho, you piece of shit, how could you-- God, why-- there was no point.
If you wanted to borrow my car, you could've just asked-- I know, Liz, I've been an idiot, and I'm sorry...
(gathering books, papers, almost talking to himself) Man, Francis, you are one drug addled elitist freak, and when the revolution comes I do not want to be lined up with you and shot, 'cause you're fucking ripe for political reeducation, you know, like in the fields.
Hey, Dostoyevsky, I'm also really a fan, and what you were saying, you know, have you ever read The Idiot?
If you liked Notes from Underground, you'll love The Idiot.
Like her mom and step dad and her step-sisters are going to Switzerland to ski over Thanksgiving break -- and like they didn't invite her! How do you know this shit?
Shit.
Have you been keeping out of my shit?
Hell! -- I mean, no problemo there Mikey.
I wouldn't touch Dave Brewster's dick if you paid me.
Hell, we've got to trade this thing in for a normal bed.
You're saying that Christ is the child, and -- -- And God the angry parent, and the Spirit the hope of an integrated adult self.
I didn't mean to be so rude.
I hate Thanksgiving and I hate the cold.
(sizing up the situation) Shit.
(pause, sitting up) Hell, I know.
I -- I guess if you want to accuse me, you've got -- (looks at watch) Oh hell!
What the hell are you kids doing down here?
Shoot.
Stupid mustache cup.
Your betrayal.
What the hell brings you to New Canaan?
Damn right, but where the hell were you?
Jesus Christ, I waited around for more than half an hour, in nothing but my boxer shorts, and -- and what's all that about?
What the hell happened?
Uh, well, what the hey... (coughing) Good shit.
Eighth floor -- she's waiting for you.
Hell on the fillings.
Ouch! Stupid.
And I was wondering, because I know you're a very moral person, and -- And? Shit.
Ladies, isn't it up to you? Oh I'll go first, damn it.
Oh shit.
Violence.
The thought of escaping crossed my mind and suddenly...suddenly I felt LIKE BENDING THE FUCKING BARS You dumb assholes!
Authorities say there is little they can do until... Look at those assholes, they're asking for it!
A lawsuit?
And your clothes... and your weapon, you idiot?! What?
What's your rank?
(snaps at Railly) Lock the door!
It's insane, James.
I didn't say I was stupid.
Delusional!
I stole a car and they chased me.
Funny thing, Doctor, maybe you can explain it to me, you being a psychiatrist -- why do kidnap victims almost always try to tell us about the guys who grabbed 'em and try to make us understand how kind these bastards really were? (as if reciting) It's a normal reaction to a life- threatening situation.
... I don't know what you're up to this time, Mason, but you're gonna get us in deep shit!
What...the...fuck..are you doing??? Oh, my God, James.
What virus are we talking about, Dad? You're insane, Jeffrey.
You "develop" viruses and you're calling me insane?
Don't tell me, you sick fuck, it doesn't matter.
Coma on, Cole, don't be an asshole.
There's been a recession on.
You're in no shape... Joe, c'mon Joe, don't be an asshole.
Joe! God-damnit, why's he always doin' shit like this? Coach'll fuckin' kill me.
Crazy motherfucker.
Fuck this shit.
Let's get the hell outa here.
Shit.
I was mad at him.
These people are full of shit.
Fuck the school.
What's this Heisman crap?
So what's this shit you're givin' me?
Heisman voters hate opening envelopes.
Hell, yes.
It's a hell of an opportunity.
Hi, Darnell.
(trying to whisper, pissed) Will you stop using those big words.
It sounds ridiculous.
Kill the Quarterback.
Hey, 23, don't think I don't recognize you, you little fuck.
You're the guy that shot my mother aren't you?
You were tryin' to steal her fuckin' car weren't you, cocksucker.
But I got you now nigger, and I'm gonna kill you motherfucker.
Bullshit, you're gonna be my bitch, baby.
You gonna be my punk bitch.
Yeh, you're a strong motherfucker.
Shitty singer though.
Shit, they oughta be payin' us anyway.
(angry) Company?
Shut up, Camille.
What the hell's the matter with you, Louanne?
I use my influence to get you back in, it'll stink to high hell.
Ran off with the fuckin' money.
Left the blood to do the time, huh? Yeh, you're the little bastard.
You gonna have 250 lbs. of pissed-off nigger up your ass.
Hit as he throws.
Hi, Darnell.
This shit has gotta stop.
I don't know what pisses me off more -- that he's juicin' or that he's doin' such a shitty job of hidin' it.
Darnell...
Four fuckin' weeks?
Shit, the defense is gonna have to pitch shutouts now... (to Lattimer) and you're gone for 3. What the hell did you take that shit for?
Shit, whole fuckin' season down the drain.
Look, just because you're Wilson's boy all of a sudden, doesn't mean I'm gonna let him make me look like a fuckin' whore.
Don't give me that high and mighty shit.
That's what that damn rehab'll do.
Hoppin' the steps?! What, you're gonna punish me now.
Hell of a throw, Joe.
Only stones down there.
Now, now, now, lad.
You're scaring him.
If he won't take the collar, he's not worth a damn thing!
Well, I might hate you more - but I'll never love you less.
He will pretend to be.
You are a coward, aren't you?
Emilie, stop!
Come with me! Go to hell! Run.
What the hell would a cow be doing out there?
Get back, you stupid git!
There's a lad.
That is a complete and bloody outrage.
(beneath a pouty look) I hate to be good.
(loud enough to be heard by his class) Okay, you guys.
Whores-4-Less?
Jesus H. Christ!
I was raped.
I was raped.
The man must be insane to think he can do this to me... How are you, Kelly?
I forgot whore I was.
Was there penetration?
Can't you take that stupid thing off?
It's a fucking drug rehab farm.
Did they arrest Mr. Lombardo?
You didn't tell me you were gonna put me on the fucking news.
(a long beat) Shit, what difference does it make... Nobody's gonna believe me anyway... Suzie!
He pushed me to the floor and he did it to me.
I screamed for him to stop...
He raped me on the floor of his shitty house.
Let's cut the crap.
Why don't you start fucking her again.
I hate you!
Damn maid.
Jesus Christ, what are you doing?
We screwed the bitch!
We did look stupid.
I mean it could be a hell of a motive for Kelly to fabricate her charge in the first place.
Shit.
Now don't let this cop fuck with your minds.
Just keep telling yourselves that, the only people who can fuck this up is us.
You're gonna fuck me over, aren't you?
A friend of mine bought a boat.
I think it was something else... Suzie says the bust was bullshit...
You're going to find an angry, sexually confused girl who's made threats on her mother's life and a female lover she'd never identify.
(beat) What the hell happened, anyway?
The bitch shot me, is what happened.
Gator can't see what's in front of it for shit.
Sam, for Christ's sake...
You had a gun with you?
Along the way, I stopped and threw my gun into the Royal River.
You claim you threw your gun into the Royal River before the murders took place.
We have the accused at the scene of the crime.
They had sinned.
No, this was revenge of a much more brutal and cold-blooded nature.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty...
I'm the guy who can get it for you.
What the fuck you care, new fish?
Hell, you'll fit right in, then.
Lawyer fucked me!
(rises, slapping dust) But it's a waste of money.
I don't need no smart wife-killin' banker to show me where the bear shit in the buckwheat.
That's only my opinion.
Back to work, goddamn it!
Hate that game.
I'd hate to deprive you of this.
Ain't that a kick in the ass?
(wets his pen) So tell me, Mr. Dekins.
My ass! Shook his fuckin' hand.
He should'a died in here, goddamn it.
What the fuck.
You tell me, fuck-stick!
I want all this cleared out before the warden gets back, I shit you not.
Shit.
Woman can't bake worth shit.
He's got scams you haven't dreamed of.
Ain't this for shit?
Young punk, Mr. Rock n' Roll, cocky as hell... (slapping his gloves) C'mon there, old boys!
We liked him immediately.
But if I drop this fuckin' thing, you got me on destruction of property too!
What the hell you know about it, Capone?
The son of a bitch mailed it.
Well, shit.
You'll think you got fucked by a train!
The house next door gets torn out of the ground and smashed flat.
Oh God, that's what it is, it's shit.
oh my God it's shit.
pull me out 'fore I blow my groceries, oh shit it's shit, oh my Gawwwwwwd!
It's shit, it's shit, oh my God it's shit... Andy once talked about doing easy time in the hole.
That and a big damn poster.
We have a warrant for your arrest!
(shuts the book) When I picture him heading south in his own car with the top down, it makes me laugh all over again... Andy Dufresne, who crawled through a river of shit and came out clean on the other side.
(instantly outraged) He hit you?! (up in a fury) God damn it, what's he doing touching her?
The jungle was mostly flats... (continuing) You want my advice, I'd stay away from that bitch.
Excellent shit.
What the fuck I tell you about being here?
No, wait... Too fuckin' late.
(enjoying it, shouting) Get down, motherfuckers!
Who is he?... Why'd they shoot him?... Ivy did him, man... He's in the wrong fuckin' place...
(getting up; more about the answer than the door) Damn it.
(warning him) Don't talk about her that way.
Ah, come on, man, do Macy's tell the Gimbel motherfuckers? (beat; watches him) Eddie, forget this guy, he's a cop.
What is this shit, Eddie?
I know this shit, man, you don't.
And you're the bastard with the gun.
(continuing) Nine... Piece of shit! (continuing) What'd you think?
That's the only reason I'm hanging out with an asshole like Barbosa.
(feels his hatred of Barbosa) And because I can't get to the big guys.
But what about completely safe, almost legal, terrific shit you can go to work on and do your job better than you ever did it straight?
Tell me about this new shit.
I can't buy this much shit.
You're a criminal.
You don't give a shit about other people.
I can't do this shit.
Fucka... fucka... fucka a... fucka b... fuck b-hive... fucka, fucka, fucka... Say it again, and I'll kill you.
Grow up, assholes!
Oh, but, man... Shit... (continuing) Bijoux!!
(again: his hatred of Barbosa) It's gotta be us.
What're you looking at? (continuing) You want to suck it, bitch?
You're the bitch whose whore I wasted tonight, ain't you? (continuing) I gotta take care of you, too, huh? ...Carmen, it's me.
What does this shit do to you?
It's for fuck-ups.
Go fuck yourself.
He's gonna kill the white boy.
The fight is over!
Shit! Shit! Shit! (aiming rifle; Hull in sights) Enough of this... No! (screaming at van) Don't shoot... Don't shoot... Goddam it, what the hell are you doing?
Who the fuck are you?
Get out of the fucking car.
Out of the fucking -- (near tears) No, no... we can't do this.
(looks at Elias) You touch her, I'll kill you.
(turning to them) Felix Barbosa started out as a skinny fourteen-year-old fucking Yankee businessman in Bogata hotels.
The whole fuckin' world.
He's lying.
Twenty fucking million.
Oh, Jesus, no... John, what the hell are you doing?
I'm a fucking cop... (laughs) Oh, really?
Who gives a shit how you got it?
Now is the season of evil.
Are you nuts?
Objection.
As for your clients, Peter Venkman, Raymond Stantz and Egon Spengler, on the charges of conspiracy, fraud and the willful destruction of public property, I find you guilty on all counts.
I hate this painting.
(distracted) What?
(to another driver) Idiot! (honking) Move it, you jerk!
Ray, I was ready to kill you.
Arrest these men.
(grabbing Stantz) I'm warning you.
(angry) Look, pal, keep this up and you're going with them.
Peter was arrested.
Shit-storm It better not start yet.
(shakes his head) Habitual liars.
The guy's going nuts.
I hate Jello.
What the hell's going on?
Who the hell are you?
Ruin my beautiful clothes?
Vampires, that's what we are.
It's death.
Oh yes... Murder!!! Murderer!! My little papillions!
You whining coward of a vampire who prowls the night killing rats and poodles.
What have you done to me? You've condemned me to hell.
Revenge against life- itself.
It's driving me mad! We've been in the country for weeks, with nothing but that noise!!!
Kill them swiftly if you will, but do it!
Am I damned?
God kills, indiscriminately, and so shall we.
Stop, that's enough.
He was mortal the same as she!
I hate him.
And I hate you both.
Do we tell him we destroyed his own creation?
Bull shit.
I loathe it!
But does that make you evil?
I'm hungry and the city waits.
How did you wrong him?
Then blame the one who made her... Did you kill this vampire who made you both?
Decadent, useless.
Your evil is that you cannot be evil!
So you can't call him a racist pussy.
If not sitting there while someone spouts obnoxious crap makes you an asshole.
Then I'm an asshole.
How was your trip?
You've been misinformed.
Can I ask a dumb question.
And we've nailed him.
He's mad.
What the fuck is going on Mike.
Yeah I fuckin' would care to comment.
Not without a big fucking fight they don't.
How loud can you shout Val? Say we get in an argument you think you're right, and I think your wrong.
They will call me a liar.
Were you putting them first when you wrote that fucking article?
You fucking bastard..
Joe, we both know Freetown's a shit- hole.
He's a stubborn son of a bitch too.
They'll piss you off from time to time, but they're built to last.
The smell of them.
Here's twenty asshole.
(in his ear) To kill Don Luis! Get her!
Drop it!!!! On the floor!
What the fuck?
Holy shit!
Don't play dumb, it insults me.
I live for the day that the blood of the son of bitch who did my parents drips in the gutter.
For what? First for fucking up your shot.
Everyone knows you guys were playing a double game, and when the shit went down, you were the only ones who got out of it clean.
And you're going to give me a lecture about revenge?
OK? You're nuts.
And you want to go and fuck it up with love?
Where the hell did she go?
You know what bitch?
The whore and the coward?
Come get the bullet with your name on it, Bitch!
Shit! Giorgio?
What the hell's going on??? Hold on.
Do it you bitch!
I beat you bitch!
You stupid bitch.
I do the killing.
No elevator either and shit.
Who's yelling my name?
You a dumb-ass simple motherfucker.
But when it happens and I'm in my boat and ya black ass is drowning, don't ask me to throw you a lifesaver either.
Your pizza is gonna be fucked next time.
I'm fucking soaked.
Officers, I want an arrest made.
It's fucking ruined.
What kind of fucking asshole question is that?
They ran the fuck away.
A complaint.
I want those fucks locked under the jail.
This hydrant better not come back on or there's gonna be hell to pay.
Who were the punks?
I should fuck you up just for that stupid shit alone.
He's dissing you.
Smack him back.
Listen to him tell you to smack me?
Motherfucker wasn't saying shit.
It's a fucking shame.
No other explanation, nobody don't want the Black man to be about shit.
Ain't that a bitch.
Leave him alone.
Mookie, you're fucking up.
(he hangs up the phone) How come you niggers are so stupid?
Fuck you and stay off the phone.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, fuck pizza, and fuck Frank Sinatra, too.
Well, fuck you, too, and fuck Michael Jordan.
Ya need to cool that shit out... and that's the truth, Ruth.
Left Hand Hate KO'ed by Love.
No service till you turn dat shit off.
Pop, stop lying.
D! D! D! You dumb motherfucker.
D. How many you say?Motherfucker!
Motherfucker you.
Motherfucker you.
I don't know 'bout you, but it's too hot to fuck.
Is it hot?
Shit!
Mookie, I told you already it's too fucking hot to make love.
What are you guilty of?
You listening to me? Stop busting my balls.
I said I'm listening ten fucking times already.
Just run your big fucking mouth always playing big brother.
It's the dope shit.
Yeah, I know dat motherfucker.
Who the fuck he think he is?
Don Corleone and shit.
We shouldn't buy a single slice, spend a single penny in that motherfucker till some people of color are put up in there.
What da fuck!
It's about turning that shit off and getting the fuck outta my pizzeria.
Fuck you.
Don't make me dislike you.
Fuck dat.
The time is fuckin' now.
Quit bullshitting.
You don't know shit about shit.
That's five fucking hundred dollars.
Mookie, ya wealthy, a fuckin' Rockefeller.
It's gonna be HOT as a motherfucker.
He rips the yellow paper into pieces and throws the pieces out over the valley.
Have you seen how the foreman is fuming today With his terrible breath and his wandering hands?
What is this fighting all about?
Just as well they never see The hate that's in your head!
I'll kill you, you bastard!
Even a whore who has gone to the bad Won't be had by a rat! (furious but aroused) By Christ you'll pay for what you've done!
Make your excuse to the police!
Cosette gets out from a hiding place in the wall a knotted grimy rag - this is her "doll", the knot is the doll's head.
He wakes from his drunken slumbers and roars out: My band of soaks, My den of dissolutes, My dirty jokes, my always pissed as newts, My sons of whores, Spend their lives in my inn! Homing pigeons homing in - They fly through my doors, And their money's as good as yours!
Comforter, philosopher And lifelong shit!
You shut your mouth!
I'm gonna scream!
I'm gonna warn them here!
Eponine screams.
I'll make you scream!
I heard the shout of angry voices in the street.
They smash streetlamps.
As the men sing she steals it back defiantly.
Red, the blood of angry men! Black, the dark of ages past!
Fire! Clear out or I'll blow up the barricade!
Thenardier steals the ring back.
As Thenardier recovers his composure, Madame Thenardier steals one then two pillars from the cake so it collapses on the floor.
As they are thrown out, the Thenardiers steal a tiara and a candlestick.
I hate you.
Are they blaming him?
It's fucking primitive.
DICKIE (cont'd) (losing his temper) You don't have to clean up! Really!
MARGE (cont'd) He hates being confronted.
We hear you're a friend of Freddie's - he has I hate Opera tattooed on his chest.
Can you smell it?
American tourist murdered - It's ridiculous but now you've mentioned the stench I can hardly breathe.
(translating) He's taken over the case because... they're annoyed the previous chap let Dickie...disappear when he was the only, he was the only suspect in Freddie's murder.
To the manner born.
What a waste of lives and opportunities and - (cont'd) - I'd pay that fellow a hundred dollars right now to shut up! (reading, plunging into gloom) No, Marge doesn't know the half of it.
He lashes out.
(she heads to her room) We were knocking on that door for ever.
I swear I'll never take off this ring until the day - Shut up! Shut up! RIPLEY (cont'd) I'm wet, Marge, I've lost my towel, I'd really like to put my clothes on.
I lied.
It makes me so mad.
Shit.
What's the fuss?
hat was this morning.
Postpone.
His hate mail.
Paisley moves towards the door.
And you blame me.
There's a guy out there getting ready to rip it apart.
He'll hate it.
Shoot him.
Get the hell out of here.
Who the hell cares?
This is insupportable.
A man and a gun -- and a locked door.
But it's not easy to kick in a door.
Nicky cocks the hammer.
A sudden loud knock on the front door.
(melodramatic) So, there I was...at the mercy of three monstrous trolls...Have you ever heard of a troll?
Great big nasty twenty foot high smelly things..and they're arguing...arguing about how they were going to cook us!
(mutters to himself) ...my own.
Evil is stirring in Mordor.
It has heard its master's call. of BLACK SPEECH But he was destroyed...Sauron was destroyed.
(screaming) S...Shire!
(screaming) Frodo!
Put it out, you fools!
She's an elf.
(elvish:subtitles) Andelu I ven.
Cast it into the fire...destroy it!
Middle-earth stands upon the brink of destruction.
Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy...let us use it against him!
Yes...Smeagol he was once called...Before the ring came to him, before it drove him mad.
(screaming) Gandalf! (fierce) Fly, you fools!
Damn that guy.
Smack.
You're damn right that's okay.
Scram.
(angry, but defensive) You heard the shower, didn't you?
(insulted) I'll pay Lilly back, don't you worry about that.
Should my ears be burning?
Did I buy you that dress, you piece of shit?
Stealing much?
How'd you get that punch in the stomach, Roy?
This fellow bothering you, Ma'am?
I don't I only -- (screams at Myra) You!
You and your goddamn big mouth!
Put that down, and -- You ruined me!
That's where they keep the criminally insane, isn't it?
Prick.
And a boroker that just shut down, we can use their office, not change a thing!
Bobo's after me, and he's goddamn good!
No, but I'm goddamn thirsty.
The atmosphere is slightly punch drunk and friendly.
Emma, you still have your tiny core of rage!
I didn't think you gave a shit.
Anyway, when the taxi driver finally caught up with us, Rachel talked him down from his Middle Eastern fury in pretend Farsi, and ended up using his radio thing to call his dispatcher and recommend this guy for a commendation.
I am so fucking exhausted.
So he was charging through the leaf pile, making tracks, you know?
Kym, stop it.
I hate it when people don't meet you half way.
She's still mad about that thing at the Rite Aid.
It's my fucking wedding, don't you get it?
You sure as hell didn't watch over me while I was sleeping and WE DON'T HAVE A (interrupting) --That we know of!-- SHIT IN ONE FELL SWOOP!...Did you tell them that Dad forced us into a life of prostitution while you were at it?
I hate her.
I hate, hate the lies.
She lies to everybody.
(to Paul) ...And Dad, she was lying and she didn't give a shit about the rest of us.
I was worthless to her.
You weren't inside my head when I was fucked up and your certainly not there now.
And now he's dead.
I was a junkie.
Holy shit.
Fuck!
You hit our mother?
I meant stupid.
This is ridiculous.
That was my twin sister you threw off!
He has no respect for traffic laws!
It's Mad Dog.
What's wrong?
Damn it, Parker, my itinerary is shot to hell! Blue, red -- I don't even know what that means!
Kill, fire.
(no breath) Park... Damn it!
Beats me.
Are you listening to me?! Give me that stupid thing!
(beat) Okay.
This would be globally destabilizing! (pointing angry finger) Hah! Posturing and rhetoric!
Beats me.
She's hot.
I screwed up.
You screwed up what?
Earthquake?
Oh, to hell with it.
Darn it!
Stupid dog.
(to himself) Damn it!
But that's ridiculous!
How you're secretly jealous of me?
Why would I be jealous of you?
But I failed.
You're fucking up my chi.
You're wasting your time.
Shit... Hello.
It's not good for Holly -- How the hell would you know what is or isn't good for my daughter?
Look, I'm beginning to lose my sense of humor about -- Let's cut through the bullshit, Stan.
If you ever want to have a chance in hell of getting your daughter back you'll shut up and listen.
But you haven't given me shit.
You will be hearing from my gover -- Shut up.
(sitting up, grinning) Don't you have that just-fucked- the-neighbor's-cat look this morning.
He's dead.
You gonna kill me?
(loudly) Who are you?
(hitting each word) Who the fuck are you?
Who the hell is that?
Shit, it's blocked.
Get in the fucking car, Stanley.
So, get in the fuckin' car.
Roberts may be an asshole, but he is definitely the lesser of the two evils.
I've been working on this thing for eight months, and I will not let some jarhead fed fuck up my operation.
Get your shit, we're headin' out.
He shuts the door and slides the key into the ignition.
He runs from room to room yelling Holly's name.
Get that son-of-a-bitch on the phone.
If the shit drops, he's gonna cap his buddy in the back of the head.
Stan turns to Gabriel, angry.
Nominated for three Academy Awards, lost, but what the fuck does the Academy know anyway.
What'd I tell you? (kicks the bed) I don't do none of that shit no more.
Stolen phone cards and two-ways is what you sayin'.
The hell you call me?
(shakes his head) I swear, I seen some buck-wild bitches in my time, but you the illest I ever seen.
Shit, he black ain't he?
Used to have bands... all kind's live shit.
You go to hell.
(to Batson) How many to fuck me up?
(trips over a sprinkler) Oh shit... Wait... Wait... STOP! Stop what?
This thing you got... I've heard people say, you'd fuck a tree if it was handy.
But that piece of shit?
Just had to get that black cock up in you.
The fuck you laughin' at? (giggling) You don't got half what Tehronne got.
God... damn... How's the squash this year?
She a freak.
N- N'you FUCK! Mm-mm... mm-mm... Ma-muh... Ma-MUH! (sudden anger, shouting) See... S... See if'I GIVE... GIVE'A... (screaming) I know, child, I know.
She a freak.
First hooked up with that bitch when she was 16.
Girl was fuckin' the principal and two of her teachers.
You stop that foolishness.
(Rae remains silent) Ya gotta cut this shit out.
Got no cause to be up under these fools, ruttin' on ya like you a bitch.
Shit.
Like little boys, gotta talk yourself into fuckin' me.
Enough to choke a Goddamn horse.
My mouth is shut, boy.
But that's so fuckin' stupid.
Didn't mean to curse.
There's evil in this world.
I put the Goddamn dress on, didn't I? I think I'm handlin' myself with some... fuckin' restraint here... how you got me locked up like a dog on a...
What evil in my heart make me wanna kill her, I don't know?
I gotta stop... (Rae's kisses get more aggressive) Rae stop... (she can't hear, the burning has her) Dammit, Rae... GET OFF!
The hell is this shit?
We ain't here to talk about that shit.
I done pissed him off.
Eat shit and die, Arty.
A girl can change her fuckin' mind.
I gotta go... (waiting for pee) I think if I just piss... I'll be okay.
Are you wasted?
(remembering) Holy shit!
Holy shit, Ronnie!
(smacks him on the arm) You're a fuckin' rock star.
Shit!
Stop that foolishness.
I hate this town.
I think we're fucked up.
I lied to you.
It was wrong.
You deserve it.
Adolescence can be so cruel.
Why are you destroying the yard?
Are you out of your freaking mind!? My son was hanging by his underwear from a bathroom stall door and my daughter was being mauled by a smarmy gorilla.
I hate you.
It was terrible.
The place is evil, Ed.
Then I can rush in, a teary eyed, helpless, single dad who can't handle his angry, kitten killing son.
I get all stupid so I just stare.
I think it bothers her more that he hasn't called me or Maggie in a while.
Leave her alone, Stan.
And I was fouled!
She's gonna be pissed.
Act like you're hurt and she won't be able to stay mad at you.
Fighting?
Stupid, idiot, stupid.
That is so wrong.
I'm so dead.
Enough with the magic crap, Ed.
I want to fuck the whole world over.
A fucking enigma.
Tension.
This croupier is accusing me of cheating.
(violently) What the fuck are you talking about?
(angry) I don't cheat, Jack.
Even if it was true, which it isn't, what the fuck difference would it make to you?
Half the punters who come in are using stolen money, drug money, they haven't earned it.
And the lies.
Gamblers are born liars.
You fucking little worm.
It was you, you shit.
It's the tension.
I hate cheats.
It's unfair.
And your croupier's a little shit because he goes along with it.
You fucking little shit!
Your boyfriend fucked me, smoked my dope, then shopped me.
A pair of vicious little shits, that's what you are.
Little shit.
Shit.
(smiles) Are you accusing me of cheating?
There'll be chaos.
Fuck over the whole world... Without emotion he watched them go.
For what? Whose revenge?
But those that will not break, it kills.
If you are none of these, you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry'.
That bitch Bella shopped me.
I'd like to beat the shit out of her.
I really like you, Jacko, you're so fucking straight.
He changed nothing in the flat, bought nothing, spent nothing.
They'll nick your cakes, upset your customers, then do you for wrongful dismissal.
Harry.
We hate doing this.
Yeah! Fuck that hurt!
Losing it.
It's hot.
What's wrong with him?
Absolutely everything and he finds himself in the middle of this storm with nothing and all his kids h.. h.. hate him.
They think he's a prick.
THEO gets upset.
How does that grab you?
I was jealous of you.
Brothers get jealous.
That's a break up.
Harry.
Fuck.
HARRY stops and stares in disbelief.
But these other vampires, aren't they going to be pissed that you're giving away their secrets?
Goddamn fool's going to bring back the Inquisition.
A vampire.
(dumbfounded) Shit.
But you have to let him suck you on your neck whenever he wants.
(angry) Jesse, wait!
I hate bedtime.
LOUD SUCKING.
He looms over her, angry.
The place erupts into one solid scream as the band kicks it in.
Jesse, in the crowd, screams up to him...
Lestat takes the microphone and leans his lips into it, letting his voice soar into an inhuman note, filling the valley like a demon demanding heaven be replaced with hell.
The crowd screams... Yes!
It EXPLODES as it hits them, pinning one with shards.
Their destruction can only make sense.
Don't tell me, you have feelings for these ridiculous mortals!
Akasha is beyond fury, yet she keeps her temper under control and turns to Lestat.
Dead.
Get your fucking hands off my daughter!
OFFICER NASH [Emotional] Eddie [correcting himself], Officer Harrison, was lying in a pool of his own blood -- on his back.
OFFICER NASH [Cont'd] Officer Harrison'd been shot three times.
Half the shit that went on couldn't be tidied into a top of the hour headline -- either 'cause it couldn't be said neatly or 'cause it couldn't be said at all.
[Beat] Listen, I hate to bother you... Then don't.
Shit!
Get the hell out of my house!
He's dead.
[Beat] What?
[Beat] What?
Yeah, well, none of this is our fuckin' problem.
The real events that have happened to me have been fucked up.
You're two fucking freaks is what you are.
I want the two of you to shut the fuck up and eat your food.
I want you to get out of here and lock the door behind you.
[Beat] Where is that from?
LORENSON [Matter-of-factly] Did he tell you he tried to kill his wife?
Geez, how's that for a fucking "thank you"?
[Beat] You killed me, didn't you?
[Beat] It has.
The guy you yelled at for no good reason... Oh, yeah.
He disappears down the street as the music THUNDERS-- --We ZOOM ahead of Todd -- cutting through the city at lightning pace down twisting alleys and up crowded boulevards -- into tunnels and over bridges -- slashing through London at breakneck speed -- the insane explosion of music sending us hurtling to-- Fleet Street.
She flicks a bit of dust off a pie with a rag) Do forgive me if me head's a little vague-- Ugh! (She plucks something off the pie, examines it) What is that?
Mark me: if I see your face again on this street, you'll rue the day your bitch of a mother gave you birth.
My Johanna isn't one of your bloody cock-chafers!
I'll steal you, Johanna, I'll steal you!
I feel you, Johanna, And one day I'll steal you.
All the rage he is.
Piss with ink.
(he does so) And I, da so-famous Pirelli, I wish-a to know-a Who has-a da nerve-a to say My elixir is piss!
I have opened a bottle of Pirelli's elixir, and I say to you that it is nothing but an arrant fraud, concocted from piss and ink.
Was he guilty?
Then who are we To deny it in here?
Executioner.
I told myself the sailor was lying ... I told myself this was a cruel fiction ... That my Johanna would never betray me.
More hot!
City on fire... Mischief ... Mischief ... Mischief... Fiend... Alms! ... Alms! ...
(bitter) He has her locked in a madhouse.
Todd immediately begins pacing like a caged animal, back and forth, back and forth, whispering to himself neurotically, as day becomes evening... Toby walks back to the pie shop, upset.
Where you been, lad?
A macabre vision of Hell.
She goes and shuts the door behind her.
He swings the cell door shut, locking Fogg in.
The music THUNDERS as-- In one brutal motion -- he swings around and grabs his razor - - fiercely SLASHES her throat -- tosses her in the chair -- pulls the lever -- she slides through the floor-- He pulls the chair back to its normal position just as-- The Judge enters.
The factory whistle screams a steady, terrible blast as-- Todd brutally SLASHES the Judge's throat-- Severing his jugular-- The spray of blood drenches Todd-- He pulls the lever and sends the body tumbling out of sight down the chute.
(angry) You wanna miss a match?
I am a walrus... It's the shits, huh? (to herself) I can't believe this is really happening to me... Oh, shit!
What're we s'posed to do if we hafta take a piss?
You're pretty sexy when you get angry...grrr!
If I lose my temper, you're totalled man!
Totally! (to Bender) Why don't you just shut up!
(screams) Go to hell! (screams) Enough!
No, you're an asshole!
(screams) Shut up! God damnit!
I don't have it...screws fall out all of the time, the world's an imperfect place... Give it to me, Bender... Excuse me, sir, why would anybody want to steal a screw?
Do you really think I give a shit?
Shut up, Peewee!
I mean, I don't think either one of them gives a shit about me...it's like they use me just to get back at each other.
Well if I say yes, I'm an idiot, right?
You're an idiot anyway...But if you say you get along with your parents well you're a liar too!
I'm being honest, asshole!
Leave her alone!
I said leave her alone!
Me hitting you, you hitting the floor!
I'd kill you and your fucking parents would sue me and it would be a big mess and I don't care enough about you to bother.
Chicken shit... Let's end this right now.
Shit! Allright girls, that's thirty minutes for lunch... Here?
He is lying!
(as his father) Stupid, worthless, no good, God damned, freeloading, son of a bitch, retarded, bigmouth, know it all, asshole, jerk! (as his mother) You forgot ugly, lazy and disrespectful.
(as his father) Shut up bitch!
Go fix me a turkey pot pie! (as himself) What about you Dad? (as his father) Fuck you! (as himself) No, Dad, what about you? (as his father) Fuck you! (as himself--yelling) No, Dad, what about you? (as his father--yelling) Fuck you!
See I don't think that I need to sit here with you fuckin' dildos anymore!
Oh, shit!
You ask me one more question and I'm beating the shit out of you!
Shut up! Do you approve of this?
You better be right, if Vernon cuts us off it's your fault, asshole!
Shit!
Fuck you! (to Andrew) Fuck you!
We're dead!
That son of a bitch!
Let's go... Hey keep your fuckin' hands off me!
I expect better manners from you, Dick!
And I'm gonna kick the living shit out of you, man, I'm gonna knock your dick in the dirt!
Are you threatening me?
The naked lady says... (screaming) Oh shit!!!! Jesus Christ, allmighty!
You're an asshole!
Shit... Chicks, cannot hold der smoke!
How come you got so much shit in your purse?
Do you always carry this much shit in your bag? Yeah...I always carry this much shit ...in my bag...You never know when you may have to jam... Are you gonna be like a shopping bag lady?
So you're saying you'd subject yourself to the violent dangers of the Chicago streets because your homelife is unsatisfying?
Wait a minute, now you're carrying all that crap around in your purse.
Eat shit!
Aw bull shit, man.
These kids turned on me...they think I'm a big fuckin' joke... Come on...listen Vern, if you were sixteen, what would you think of you, huh?
If you say you have...you're a slut!
You did that on purpose just to fuck me over!
Oh God, I fucking hate him!
You son of a bitch!
What's wrong with you?
I take shop...you must be a fuckin' idiot!
I'm a fuckin' idiot because I can't make a lamp?
(furious and screaming at Claire) You are a bitch!
Why? 'Cause I'm telling the truth, that makes me a bitch?
They'd laugh their asses off and you'd probably tell them you were doing it with me so they'd forgive you for being seen with me.
(furious and sobbing) Shut up!
I hate you!
I hate it!
I hate having to go along with everything my friends say!
Well fuck you!
Fuck you!
You pull the fuckin' trunk on it and the light's s'posed to go on...and it didn't go on, I mean, What's the gun for Brian?
It's not funny... Yes it is...fuckin' elephant was destroyed!
What's wrong?
Old humper's hotter'n damn hell!
Snow... Holy shit, snow! ... Do you know what this means?
I mean you guys are really nuts.
Damn right!
(mumbles) Go... fucking hell!
Fucking shit... all around, like a sea!
Fucking bitch...
Hate 'em.
Fucking bitches!
The shot? Fucking A. I don't think about the shot that much.
Hell, I like the trees, you know?
Fuckin' Nick... (clears his throat) Fuckin' Nick... gives.
Fuckin' Nick gives.
I'm gonna kill him right now.
From Nam? Fucking A. See that ribbon in the left.
That fucking guy was at Quan Son! We, ah... We're going too.
Pow.
Who the hell is he?
Who the hell knows!
(in unison) Who the hell knows!
That's bullshit and I'll betcha!
You're fulla shit!
Look at that! Fuckin' guy! Fuckin' Merle!... Unbelievable!
I love this fuckin' place...
She fucked us both.
Fucking women, man... (shakes his head) I know... Get 'em!
Hit it there!
Get out of here, damn you!
Go home!... Scat!... Shoo! Bastards!
Assholes!
Get lost!
Damn right!
You're full of shit.
Who's full of shit?
You're full of shit!
Holy shit!
Where the hell are my pants?
You're one fuckin' bastard, Merle.
You're one fucking bastard!
There's times I think you're a goddamn faggot!...
Nick, you're wasting your time... Listen to me! You're wasting your time!
Get off your fucking ass and stand up!!! (stands) Okay, okay! (he straightens his shoulders) Okay.
(numb) With more bullets?... Against each other?... Are you crazy!!! Are you fucking nuts!!! Nick... NICK!!! It's the only chance we've got!
(screaming) It's up to you, Nick.
Him and me!!! Him and me!!! Him and me, goddamn it!
This is it, motherfuckers!
(throws the revolver on the table) Wait a minute.
BOOM! KA-POWIE!!! BA-ROOM!!!... 'Cause I want that bastard!
Great fucking guy!
Both of us may have to pull on this, so get your shit in fuckin' shape!!! (to the GUARDS) Him or me!!! Now we got it, him or me!!! (he rubs his hands and sits back down) Place your bets, motherfuckers!
Come on, motherfuckers, lemme hear it!
Hey! Hey, gee! Damn it!!! God damn it!!! Sal! (more gently) Sal... Goddamn it, Sal, don't you know anything?
I myself do not possess the nerve.
No, I -- But I insist.
It is a joke, a silly thing.
Fuckin' A. It's gotta!
(anger) That was nothing.
(he raises a beer) Here's to you, Nick! Fuckin' A! (stands) Here's to Nick, you guys.
(stares at them) Well, where the hell is he!!!
Hey! Fuckin' A! (hopping up and down) Just like always!
In the timeless words of Squire Albert... (in a ragged chorus) Hey! Fuckin' A!!! Nick?
Let's go!!! Hey! Fuckin' A! Time to roll!!!
Hey, you guys, I got it!!! (grins) Damn... God damn... (shouts) Hey! Hey... okay!
You're full of shit, Vince!
You're so full of shit you're going to float away!
I fuckin' know!
Then what's the gun for!
In case you stumble on her, suckin' cock in the front fucking hall?!
(grimly) Yeah.
What the hell was that!
The fuck I did!!!
The fuck you didn't!... Gimme that!
You think I don't know!!! I'm going to throw this fuckin' thing away.
I know she said -- Shit! Mom keeps sending me socks, Nick.
(exasperated) Listen, Biederman, I'm going to club you into the floor unless you tell me what the fuck is so important.
Jesus Christ, they hit the airport!
Those fuckin' niggers.
Don't eat 'em in the damn Delta.
She's fine... Merle, what the hell are you doing?
Merle...! Merle, wait!
That fucking guy, he saved my Life.
Tweakerrs, lokers, slammers coming and going, swearing eternal allegiance and undying love for one another, only to wake up after the binge and realize you wouldn't walk across the street to piss on one of 'em if their head was on fire.
How the hell did we get this detail?
BOBBY (cont'd) Who the fuck are you?
BOBBY (cont'd) Shut the hell up, goddamit!
What the fuck you want from me? (keeps slapping) I got no vocation skills!
Garcetti thinks I'm a pile of shit.
Garcetti thinks everything is shit.
He hates 'em.
Shut up, Garcetti!
Got mad-ass double action and a surprising 16 round magazine.
This gun got mad power, mad kick and mad reputation.
Hey, why do you need a gun and a vest anyway?
(sees Danny eyeballing him) You mad dogging me, Bitch?
(beat) Where the hell does this guy live anyway?
(thinking) Fuck it.
He'll get them to reopen the bastard.
It's the fucking lab!
Who the fuck are you, Dr. Joyce Brothers?
(beat) I hate the son-of-a-bitch.
Fuck you.
Wrong.
These guys catch a whiff and I'm a fucking bag of Bandini.
What's that smell?
What'd you do, piss your pants?
Hell, yes!
What the hell do you expect zapping Mr. Johnson with that crackler?
I'm a fucking rat.
TANNER (cont'd) Well, you played the wrong mark this time, asshole.
That is so unfair.
Is it bad?
I'm a pirate.
This is fucking crazy!
Oh fuck ... oh Jesus ... Shoot him.
This is the fuck you should be talking to.
Damn straight.
Can I pull my dick out?
What the hell was that?
There's a place for hatred.
I want to know what the hell is going on.
I fucking hate Australians.
Yeah, I'd hate to shoot you by accident.
(off Trahn's nod) How the hell did you pull this off?
(pissed off0 How many times do we have to go through this?
I gave up whoever they asked for, whenever they wanted.
I was a fucking dream rat.
Oh shit What?
QUINCEY (cont'd) You fuck with the Mexicali Boys, this is what you get, homes.
Oh shit.
What a fucking cliche.
Buddy, when you own the largest publishing empire in the universe you can do whatever the hell you want.
Shit, can you smell it?
Oh fuck it.
Sling the bullshit elsewhere.
Goddamn it.
You scoundrel!
Then he despises them.
If it'll get you the hell out of my office, go ahead and make the picture.
Action.
No. We're done today I don't know if this means anything but I just talked to a guy in the RKO art department They've got all these books and crap all over the place.
I don't give a shit about- He was a drunk.
You're drunk and you're angry.
What the hell did that mean?! (brightly) Why hello, Mr. Hearst!
How bad is it?
So Sam Goldfish becomes Sam Goldwyn and David Selznick becomes David 0. Selznick -- like anyone's gonna think he's Irish for fuck's sake-- What does this have to do with--?
(dead serious) Believe you me, they're gonna do anything -- and I mean absolutely anything -- to stop that word from gettin' out.
So Hearst notices Marion slip off with Chaplin -- she was screwing everyone then -- and the old man goes nuts.
Not the other studio heads-- You wrote the damn thing, Mank Aren't you going to fight for it?! (bitterly) I told you this was going to happen!
I got my check, kid, and so did you -- and that's what it's all about -- so fuck it and move on.WILL NOT MOVE ON! Let them do their worst!
"Throw that junk in, too.
The crazy old man and his whore.
And now of all times -- NOW -- when I am grasping on with my fingernails to live at all this Orson We lies -- this insect -- this reprehensible insect -- has the nerve TO CHALLENGE ME! To show my life as some cheap sideshow -- A FREAK SHOW -- A DYING, (intensely) Mr. Willicombe -- you have seen me in adversity -- you have seen me take on the unions and the Congress and the railroads -- and we have risen above -- we have risen above.
I think you better leave AGENT McCABE Are you now or have you-- (grim) Get the fuck outta my house.
You can't buy the Tribune in Chicago -- you can't buy ^ g-g- goddamn thing.
(frustrated) But why?
Tough shit.
Fuck you, Mr. Kane.
You want to point to the pathetic, old man grown lunatic with his spending -- trapped in his ridiculous castle -- still fighting old battles he will never win with Pulitzer and Roosevelt and Hollywood-- I don't want you to-- There is nothing to understand but this: I am a man who could have been great, but was not.
It's hell when you gotta look back and say, goddamn, what I could have been.
We'll show it in goddamn circus tents and--!
(turning away) For Christ's sake, shut up-- Why don't you just have the guts to admit it (spinning on him) How dare you talk to me like that!
Did you ever think about that?! Did you ever think about that old man and Marion having to watch as you tore them apart?! Do you every think for one second that you might have some responsibility for what you're doing?!
For cutting and slashing everything in your way so you can have your goddamn movie?!
Who the fuck are you trying to kid?
He's a fucking punk, why does Hearst give a shit?
With this one movie he's changed the way we see-- Who the fuck cares?
He's one of us! David- If I ever got into trouble I'd like to think that you all would be with me -- not planning to stab me in the back like a bunch of ... a bunch of ... producers!
I got fucking Errol Flynn on my payroll!
We will buy the movie and we will destroy it.
You're going to destroy it No, maybe put it on the shelf until the old man kicks it.
You're lying to me.
Hell, I know how it ends.
Mank! Face it, Orson, they're gonna hate it.
Shit George... Forget it.
When you make your masterpiece at 26 it's a bitch.
The drive's a bitch.
How can a man resign.
But we wanna expand his responsi- bilities to boat crashes.
Than I deserve.
What? 'I'm keepin' m'damn lobster license'?
We had our troubles.
For me to live with the ruin of my husband's name, I need know that whoever did this will be punished.
It's sitting in a car and staring at a hotel window for three days straight, pissing in a plastic bottle, pardon me, because some guy thinks his wife's cheating on him.
The goddamn thing's still under warranty.
There is... there is one thing that bothers me though.
Fuck you, Larry.
No. We're shutting down in fifteen minutes.
Sick shit.
Anybody tells you they never use pornography, they're lying.
Do you know how bad a skin flick has to be for some jackass to come back into my place with a fucking receipt, and try to fucking return it?
Till then, fuck you.
Fuck you!
Six years ago... What the fuck are you.. ?
You and your pals, you're fucked.
The girl we did, what the fuck do you think I'm talking about?!
This guy calls and says he knows about the fucking loop... Bullshit.
I'm telling you... Blow me, you paranoid fuck, that's impossible.
Why are you bothering me with this... ?
There's nothing there, you brain- dead cunt.
I want you to hang the phone up, and if you call me about this again I'm going to send a friend of mine out there and have him crack you open with a fucking rib spreader.
He's a brutal motherfucker, man.
Well, they didn't find you one, Longdale, they went out and made you one... Shut up.
Shut your mouth and drive!
Did he jerk off to it?
What the fuck did he want with a snuff film?
Fuck you.
Dead.
Leave him alone.
Fuck off.
What the fuck... !
Motherfuckers.
Small time, motherfuckers... !
What the fuck's he talking about?
You sell us short, you fuck?
Pack your bags, put the wife and kid in the car and find a place to hide.
I was in hell.
You son of a bitch, you don't have any idea what you're putting me through...
I owe you a few.
I'm gonna kill you.
Don't bore me with that bullshit.
Fuck you!
What the fuck am I gonna protect that freak for?
Kill me with that gun, your gun, right, registered in your name?
Fucking do it!
Fucking pussy!
She's dead.
If you were gonna pull this shit, you could've at least said you were from the Yankees.
Screw it.
Who the hell were you talkin' to?
Look at this fuckin' guy.
Shit.
C'mon, Dorn, get in front of the damn ball.
(making like a bullfighter) Don't give me this ole' bullshit.
That's Little League shit.
Shit, the way I played today, I wouldn't be surprised if they red- tagged me already.
You think I'm shit now, but someday you'll be sorry you cut me.
Don't bounce the damn ball.
Nice throw, dickhead.
(whirling on him and exploding) What a bunch of bullshit!
Stay away from her. (smiling) Suck my dick.
These things make me look ridiculous.
Fuckin' Dorn.
We don't tank a play for personal reasons, so cut the crybaby shit.
Why'd you steal that car?
Ah shit, here comes Lou.
Win the whole fuckin' thing.
Shit.
Damn, havin' trouble with the curve ball again.
I pissed off now, Jo-Buu.
If you no help me now, I say fuck you, Jo-Buu.
(taking the ball from Harris) You pitched a hell of a game, Steve.
O.K. Vaughn has finished his warmup and we're ready to... (seeing it) Oh, shit.
Let's cut through the crap.
John The Apostle said: Behold there is a stranger in our midst, come to destroy us!
Over the pit!
Like that ball player said: world's got two kinds of folks -- them that's got piles and them that's gonna get 'em.
You gotta peel this shit out sticks to the bottom.
No no-- They'll shut the fucking spot down, Pancake.
Put the goddamn canteen back on.
The fucking dog can't breathe.
The fucking dog cannot breathe!
Get that fucking thing off him!
Get the fucking thing off him!
Get the fucking thing off him!
Ice water, treats- Not the dog, you idiot!
Distract him!
Put up a couple solids here -- I don't want the client seeing this! Come on, Otto! Otto is fucking dead!
Look, this fuckin' thing, it ain't complicated.
You give us all the fuckin money, you don't get shot in the head, you make more donuts, get more money.
...You got three fuckin' seconds.
I smite!
You smite!
He smites!
Ya damn skippy.
That man plays one bitch barrelful a sackbutt.
Goddamn!
I myself am offended by those who cannot find the proper words to express themselves and have recourse to-- Don't you be explainin' me, dawg!
...The fuck is this?
...You brought your bitch to the waffle house?!
...You brought your bitch to the waffle house?
...Man brings his bitch to the waffle house!
Everybody lookin' at me like I'm a fuck-up, losin' that sorry-ass job, and this motherfucker bring his bitch to the waffle house!
You son of a bitch punk!
Shut your goddamn mouth!
Fuck you, man.
Damn right you won't.
Up yours, punk.
Ya damn skippy.
Fuck you, man, I ain't your house nigger.
So fuck you.
Why you fucking-- And the bus you rode in on!
I ain't pickin' up your goddamn finger!
I gather there was a premature detonation-- They can sew that shit back on, jack!
Microsurgery-- Saw that motherfucker in a porno!
We don't give a shit!
Man can blow his own dick off, don't make no nevermind to us!
Well maybe you should sign me up, man, 'cause you startin' to irritate my bowel.
You one fucked- up motherfucker!
I'm not sure whether it's broadcasting... ...Um-hm... No... ...Hard wire... Look, I didn't choose to have IBS-- Shut the fuck up!
Grab your bag and get in that fucking hole!
Motherfucker can't stop talking, can't stop shitting.
Motherfucker tell everyone about his motherfuckin' asshole.
No one gives a shit about his asshole.
Nobody interested in another man's asshole.
Motherfuck!
Well -- fuck, man!
Gawain's gun... the retort muffled by a pillow... into the brain... the affair of an instant.
Hard for me to squeeze a trigger anyway-- You one whiney motherfucker!
...Motherfucker... What you got there, Gawain?
Fuck you.
Pretend her head is a casaba melon, and the gun is a melon- baller, and-- What the fuck you talkin' about, man?
Why you sniveling little coward!
What you say, you whiney motherfucker?
You fuck!
You stupid boy!
Bunch a desperate men that stole it put it there, that's how!
Angry, was he? Wouldn't you be?
Te mother, the virgin, the whore, the crone; they're elbowing you in the subway, stealing your cabs, and overwhelming you with perfume in elevators."
They're like Frankenstein monsters, but without the bolts coming out of their necks.
Want my hat?
You destroyed my reputation and you screwed up my hair.
I take it you're going to be making the wedding cake and they say you're throwing -- (interrupting) -- The luau for Maggie.
I want revenge.
I want to destroy this guy's life, career, everything.
It annoys me.
I jus had to come warn you he might show up here and start asking you all kinds of ridiculous questions.
You steal my research... You're messing with the first amendment now.
You're tensing.
(to Ike) What the hell were you doing?
(smiling) In the basement garbage bin eating diaper shit.
'Love was... ' ... Son-of-a-bitch-pansy-assed- stool-pusher.
(loud and angry) Yeeeess!!! Maybe this can wait.
No... actually, I even shut the phone off and put a little piece of cardboard in the ringer so no one can just buzz me from d... Well, I work all the time.
Oh, I'm pissed!! Now I am really pissed!!!
Fucking crooked police... doughnut-munching morons help me!
(suddenly loud) I hate doing this.
I owe you.
(as he turns away and she closes the door he adds) Old bitch... Damn dog.
You want to say "no" to me? Try... because I've never felt as nuts as I do right this second.
'You've saved my life,' she said, 'you'd better make it up to me.'" (singing to Verdell) Done! (playing with him some) Yes, I hate the doggy... yes, I hate the doggy.
What the heck do you mean?
(as she doesn't budge; he screams) Do it!!! Out.
That I wasn't there to take crap from you and bring you eggs?
Why aren't you at work? You're not sick -- you don't look sick... just very tired and bitter.
Shut up, kids!
Fucking H.M.O.
bastard piece of shit... I'm sorry... forgive me.
What's wrong?
I'm in trouble.
He's just going to say those crappy, sick, complaining, angry things to me.
I hate this, Mom -- I hate this.
(upset) So am I, Frank.
Walked in on people robbing me.
Don't let him stop you.
(really pissed, mutters) That monominute somebody gets that you need them they threaten to go away.
(this is hell for him) I have this -- what?
Ailment...
I hate pills.
"Hate," I am using the word "hate" about pills.
You're homeless.
(what the hell) Cute.
And I'd be lying if I didn't say that I enjoyed your company... but the truth is you do bother me enormously and I know -- think -- that it's best for me to not have contact with you because you're just not ready and you're a pretty old guy to not be ready... and I'm too old to ignore that.
If you can't be at least momentarily interesting than shut the hell up.
She emerges onto the empty patio, slides the glass door shut behind her, muffling the chatter from the room beyond.
She's not going to fucking break, David.
He grabs vaguely for Rachel's throat with one hand, struggles with the needle with his other, eyes dull with fury, fighting the drug racing through him.
(Softly) Fuck.
I'm on a break.
As the Guard beside her turns his attention to his comrade, Rachel grabs the guard's gun hand, sweeping it away from her, at the same time stepping in close and punching the guard's throat with her other hand.
The three duck as the Guard fires, punching a neat hole in the windscreen.
How the fuck did he come round?
We could have fucking...! We still have him.
What the fuck does that mean?
(overlapping) I'm asking you... (overlapping) I'm talking to her! Supposedly it's her shift now, but instead of doing what she's supposed to be doing she's out here with you! (To Rachel) Now answer the fucking question: Did you feed him?
It's a fucking mess and they're backing away from it quickly as they can.
Stephan stares at the door, thrown.
He grabs Vogel by the collar and begins to punch him, hard, again and again.
And still David punches him in a murderous rage, possessed, wanting to break his skull open, to kill him.
Stephan runs at him, knocking him to the floor, and remains lying on him, the two of them breathing hard, the assault finally over.
(Calmly) Fuck him.
Fuck him.
Why do you call me? * What are you...? * Do you want us to fuck around * behind his back?
* Rachel stares at him, upset and angry.
* Beat.
Beat.
She starts to put it on and the Boyfriend gives a brief bark and play-bites at her neck.
Thirty years...? * She's suddenly so angry, she starts to gather her things to * go.
Aren't you tired * of lying?
She hangs up.
Vogel goes after her, pinning her against the basin, one hand on her throat, the other hand trying to stab her again.
He suddenly notices Rachel has made it to her knees and is trying to crawl towards the door, He walks after her, pulls back her head, gets ready to stab the scissors into her throat.
We are in darkness.
Still moving towards the car....
You guys suck!
You really suck!
Great shit.
This is bullshit, man.
Your highness, Cassius and Adrian have escaped from hell.
Are you telling me I have to go to Earth and kill my brothers?
Well, we must get people sinning if we want to fill up our New Hell.
I gotta tip my hat to you people!
Look, it's okay for me to shit the street.
You think a kick to the head is gonna make me throw in the towel?
You know, I was the one who created Hell.
You know what was in Hell when I came down here, Cassius?
I deserve this!
I'm so wasted.
When an adult goes to Hell, that's terrific.
You're a jerk.
What the hell's your problem?
Adrian, you gotta come back to Hell.
Release the evil.
Okay, too much evil..
Get that crap outta here!
We're in Hell.
The New Hell.
Damn, I gotta learn how to do that.
That's nuts.
When'd you learn that shit?
Damn you, Nicky!
So your father's the devil, you're a talking dog sent from Hell, and you guys are who?
Man, that pissed my parents off.
What do you mean, "possessed?" Remember when I told you my Dad was in Hell?
Which is fine with me, but not with my brothers, so they broke out of Hell, causing my dad... ... "The Devil?"... ...to decompose.
Release the evil.
The shit has hit the fan, kid.
This is baloney!
Looks like they're following a giant trail of bug shit.
Knock it back, grab Nicky and let's get outta this hell-hole.
Valerie!!! See you in Hell! Oh.
(annoyed) A mountain goat?
That's why you came up to Heaven instead of Hell.
You're acting as if there is no Heaven or Hell.
There is most definitely a Hell!
You're back in Hell now, kid.
What about you and Grandpa and everyone in Hell?
I mean... hell...
I'll talk to Cuthbert and put a stop to this right now.
It was hunting me.
Where the hell is McNitt?
What the hell.
Cut the crap.
And so tonight... my friends, I give you ignorance, terror, unreasoning fear, pure evil.
There's a shit load of electrical rooms back there.
Goddamn it.
You're over-reacting.
Damn.
Nothing here is as violent as what they see on T.V.
You smell that?
(a string of curses followed by...)
It's a little late, you son of a bitch.
This door's locked.
Four rounds... Oh shit.
I smell it.
Come on, you smelly pile of refuse.
Oh shit.
Damn.
This way! Holy shit.
What do you want to do? Holy shit.
(screaming) Kill that thing!
Just lie down where you are! Holy shit it's coming this way!
Run! Get back here, you asshole!
If you mean by a Patriot, am I angry at the Townsend Acts and the Stamp Act?
The battle, were you there?
But they're wounded.
I killed those men... Don't blame yourself, you did what I told you to do.
Goddamn you!
Damn you, Sergeant, don't move the wounded twice, put them straight on the wagons from the surgeons.
Green Dragoons came to my home, killed my son, Thomas.
He captured over five thousand of our troops when he took Charleston and today he destroyed the only army that stood between him and New York.
If you're here only for revenge, you're doing a disservice to him as well as yourself.
Epaulets first... Kill the officers.
Shoot them!
Shoot the damn things!
The Redcoats locked the door and torched the house.
I'm your commanding officer.
That Redcoat should not have been killed.
We got our own little party... To hell with the officers and their fancy dress ball... Give us a nip, here.
Damn you!
There will be a time and a place for revenge but killing Tarleton at the expense of your duty serves no one but yourself.
Stay the course... your mother used to say that to me when I'd get drunk or lose my temper.
(beat) How is he?
I hate him.
Damn your eyes.
Cornwallis thinks we're rabble, nothing more than a bunch of undisciplined farmers.
Does it bother you?
(lights a cigarette) That's ridiculous... (moves to her desk, starts writing) In her case it isn't.
Would you tell me why the hell this is taking so long.
(suddenly frustrated) (jumping to her feet) Is that what she said?
I can't help it if I'm stupid.
She sees Martha You hate us don't you?
Nuns... you hate nuns.
I hate ignorance and stupidity.
Who the hell do you think you are?
Earthquakes?
And you're unhappy.
Agnes, you're stupid.
She said that there was one thing that bothered her that didn't make it into the report.
I hate them.
Oh, would you stop lying Mother!
That's a lie.
Fucking hell, man... Shifty can't help but smile.
Yes, rude boy.
Did I fuck.
What, Break Glass Arse?
She fit?
She fit?
Yeah, she's alright you know.... She's got fucking massive Gary's.
He's lying.
Is that the last time I saw you, fucking hell?
I pay you fucking rent don't I? Silence.
Fucking hell, tag team... Mortgage.
Leave him alone.
(to Rez) You remember Rachel, you fucking lunged her at Jazzbo Browns?
Yeah, yeah, you went in for the kill and she lent away like she was doing the fucking limbo.
Fuck off.
Do me a favour, I've probably put your fucking kids through college, do you know what I mean?
Mate you're a fucking diamond.
Agitated.
...my mum puts the phone down when she hears my voice... My dad crosses the road if he sees me in the street, then they fucking summon me for a fucking job interview.
Am I fuck.
Jasmine's eyes are alive with rage; the TV bellows out - suddenly she stands, pulls up her kickers and steams towards Freddie's room.
What you saying you fucking rag- head, you alright bad boy?
You getting ready for a fucking uprising.
Give it a fucking rest geezer.
You know I'm only fucking about you * prick.
Who the fuck is that?
Don't just bring any fucking Muppet to the party, at least let me know first, do you know what I mean, give me a fucking heads up.
I fucking...
Yeah, yeah, I know where I fucking know you from... you used to go out with Serena Ellis?
She fucking... she loves a wrong'un though don't she?
I dunno... smack, I think... he passed out first... she passed out... but apparently she was lying up against a radiator... the fucking thing came on full whack.
That fucking thing.
What does it fucking do?
Shifty knocks on the door.
Fucking cat lovers.
I can't stand people who feed their cat's... fucking red snapper... or goose liver, because they say the fucking things fussy... ...it's a fucking cat.
Wait until you see this... * Starve the fucking thing for a week and it'll eat a condom, do you know what I mean... Shifty laughs.
Fuck that.
Only if I get a fucking discount.
When do you become a fucking family liaison?
I'll be stuck in some fucking warehouse... looking after twenty Bengalis... knocking out dodgy Fruit of the Looms....
This aint college... you're in deep bruv... that shit'll put you down for life.
Fucking hell Shifty... you alright bruv...
Fucking hell, do you remember I was telling you about Craig?
No. Yeah you fucking do, Craig Whittle, the guy who's seeing Desmond Dodge's sister.
Anyway, Craig tells me every Friday, on the fucking dot, a delivery gets made, all this top fucking electrical gear... Shifty offers him a cigarette.
Cheers mate... yeah every Friday [lights his fag] they make this fucking drop off, but because the lorry can't reverse into the courtyard, something to do with the angle of the gates or something, I dunno mate, you'll have to ask Craig, they fucking, cos they can't get in, they leave all these crates sitting on the fucking road... What... are you on your way there now?
This fucking... forklift went inside yeah, with this first load, so I, fucking, I nipped in, started whacking in the gear, only turns out they've got another forklift... Hold up, hold up...Why are you running?
Cunt caught me right in the middle a loading up.
I mean mate, they're all on the make... he's a fucking Paki ain't he... he'd sell his sister for a set of rims, do you know what I mean... Yeah I did, I had a word with him... told him what I'd heard... yeah.
Little prick told me to go fuck myself, said he'll call you himself... the geezers getting out of control Magnus, something needs to be done...alright mate...alright, I'll speak to you later...cheers mate...CLICK!
I'm gonna get fucking lick-shot tonight.
You fucking know that... back to mine... bit of munch... couple of Uri Geller's...
Fuck that.
Mate, last time you drank a bottle of whisky you pissed on my leg.
No, no, no, no, oh fuck, oh fucking hell.
Fuck...fuck... Trevor gets out, he's furious and kicks the side of the van.
Malik walks, head down, carrying the bag of stolen gear.
(exasperated) Fucking hell Trevor, my hearts beating like a techno track.
Get in the FUCKING car Malik.
Fuck off, I know you're carrying, don't try and mug me off.
Take it easy rude boy.
I've had a long fucking day, Trevor, just leave me alone.
Don't tell me what to fucking do * you Paki.
Why do you lie to me you prick, why do you tell me you weren't fucking carrying.
Empty your fucking other * pockets!... NOW....NOW!
And the inside pockets you prick... Oh shit.
It's a bit fucking late now.
Mate, the geezer had a fucking knife at your throat.
I'm surprised you didn't do a fucking runner?
Fuck you, Shifty.
Fuck you, man.
Let's talk about how you left two weeks after she died without saying goodbye to me, everyone fucking asking me what's going on, every one saying shit about you, bad mouthing you, let me tell you about the fights I had sticking up for you, the broken nose I got when some meathead slagged you off, let's fucking talk about that, mate.
I left because of one fucking reason... this shit hole... this fucking cess pit that you love so much... where has this place got you, man, where has it fucking got you, smartest kid in the class, four fucking a levels and you're getting chased by the police, getting mugged, selling crack cocaine to OAP's.
I'll tell you where it's fucking got me mate.
It's got me earning four thousand a week...How much do you earn in your little cubicle up in Manchester...go on how much do you fucking earn... you probably don't even earn two grand a fucking * month you prick...
You don't know what the fuck I've been through.
Fuck you!
No FUCK YOU! 112 * (off screen) Who d'you fucking rob - Cuba? JESUS MALIK... what are you doing?
What's wrong with you?
I swore to you Trevor, I said to * you...what the fuck happened to * your face.
* No Trevor only you walk into * scaffolding... cos coked off you're just off you're fucking tits.
What did I fucking say.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck... * He can hear Rez rustling about upstairs.
Fuck you.
What the fuck have you done, what the FUCK have you done?
Get the FUCK out.
Get the FUCK out of my house.
Look man, I'm not gonna do this party... I've got too much shit to deal with.
Fucking hell, man.
Now you start throwing punches.
What's going on, what are you fucking doing here?
Yeah well he went mental, saying some other shit about me cutting it up, mixing the coke, he was saying all sorts of... bullshit... Glen stays quiet.
I don't know what the fuck you do Shifty?
I know that you bowl around this town like it's your fucking manor... with your smooth fucking Paki chat... giving it the large.. What are you talking about you prick?
And then you come to my house and you threaten me... ...Shooting off your fucking mouth, telling me what you're gonna do to Magnus... telling me how you're gonna take him down... You've been chopping up the fucking * gear all along.
Selling half of it to the fucking Turks, cutting out Magnus.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, you cunt.
I didn't think of it, cos I'm not that fucking stupid.
Don't worry about it, I'm fucking leaving.
It's about time you both fucked off.
Fuck off Glen.
Get the fuck out of my house.
What the fuck did I do?
You broke my fucking nose.
You're a fucking dead man Shifty... you're all ready a fucking dead, man, * you're fucked... fucked... 137 * Where are we going?
We should just go, man, get the fuck out of this shithole, leave now, go to Manchester, tonight, I'm telling you.
Jesus Christ man what the fuck are you doing?
Fucking hell, man, this is bullshit.
Glad you're fucking sorted.
Fuck the party.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, you cunt.
I didn't think of it, cos I'm not that fucking stupid.
What the fuc... Tell that fucking slag to stop crying... NOW!! Look into the lens... Look into the FUCKING lens!!! Say you're sorry.
He's lying.
Mr. Lynch, I swear to you, he's lying!
It's an insult at fifty.
Rip their throats out and put them in your garbage compactor.
(Bud ignoring him, picking up the phone) Jesus Christ, what are friends for?
The public is out there throwing darts at a board, sport.
We got stopped out on Tarafly... (Gekko waits) ...about 50 thousand.
What the hell... Anacott Steel.
Where the hell's Gene? (on phone) You sent him to Vermont to get the deposition from the CEO Cromwell fired.
(annoyed) I come to the country and it's worse than the city!
Let's cut the "sir" crap.
Now excuse me before I lose my temper... Considering you brought my mother into it, $71.50.
(mimicking Gordon now) "All warfare is based on deception..." Sun Tzu says, If your enemy is superior, evade him, if angry, irritate him, if equally matched, fight... if not, split and reevaluate.
(protests) Mr. Gekko, I'm there for you 110%.
The hours are hell, but the money's starting to tumble in.
That's right... Bud, I hate to tell you this but you're a genius!
And what if you're wrong?
I'm asking you, I'm fucking begging you...
What the hell was I supposed to say Buddy, you got me into... Look Dixon, calm down!
That's when they cut the nerve that runs from your brain to your rectum--to change that shitty attitude of yours.
Get the hell out!
What the hell do you want?
He's one son of a bitch...through and through.
Mr. Fox, you're under arrest for conspiracy to commit securities fraud and for violating the Insider Trader's Sanction Act.
Wait up, I'll leave with you and lock up.
There was these two old boys hung their peckers off of a bridge to piss, one old boy from California and one old boy from Arkansas.
I'll be damned.
'Course Scooter's about as shitless as one poor son-of-a-bitch can be.
You're a damn kid.
Have a damn party!
I'd like to show that fuckin' Karl to the guys.
Last time you got mad and run Morris and them off and said to stay away from here.
That ain't none of your damn bidness.
Fuck it, I'm gonna go call 'em.
(claps) And last and most importantly, Doyle Hargraves on rhythm guitar and business affairs and the only motherfucker with a truck big enough to haul this outfit on the next world fuckin' tour.
They're workin' their asses off here.
Get fucked you old bastard!
I hate you!
Well, I hate you, too.
You're a hell of a boy, Frank.
Not with that son of a bitch movin' in for good.
He's crazy.
You don't let that son of a bitch run you off.
There ain't no way to stop that.
What's wrong?
You seen 'em? (no response) I thought I told you to get the hell moved out of here anyway.
What numbers do you punch?
I swear to God you're the weirdest son of a bitch I ever heard of.
S'up now, punk?
Leave me alone.
How about you suck my cock?
Huh? Suck my cock.
Suck my cock.
Suck my cock.
Suck your cock.
What'd you say, bitch?
I don't understand the part about how it's not important that he pushed me and he punched me and he kicked me and he told me to suck his cock and now I'm the bad guy sitting in the office.
Oh shit.
Ah, fuck it.
I used to hate this crazy sour stuff, I don't know what happened.
Shit.
Why? You've got two seconds to tell me where the laundry room is before I tear your fuckin' head off and skull fuck you.
Motherfucker.
I read about this shit all the time.
Fuckin' Google it, dude.
(taking a mouthful) Not all of them necessarily got fucked, but they all got penetrated by like the dude's fingers and I don't know, other shit too.
I'm putting out a fire.
You fucked my car, you little prick.
Fuckin' eat it.
Eat your fuckin' cake.
What the fuck do you think!? Did they give you a cavity search?
They took my fucking finger prints!
They don't take this shit lightly.
That's badass shit.
No. Do you think she is totally bald or do you think she's more of a landing strip kind of chick or more of a 70's jungle bitch.
You gonna try to fuck her? What?
You get out of this van, I'll rip your dick off and fuck her for you.
I didn't - You just messed up the back of my car you stupid idiot.
You need to pay attention when you're driving a fucking car - I think I can help here.
I don't know what your fucking problem is, dude.
That's fuckin' retarded.
You calling me a fucking liar, dude!? No, I, I, I'm just saying I don't know what's going on here.
You're calling me a fucking liar is what's going on here.
This is ridiculous - Come back here and find out how ridiculous it is!
What the fuck!? What?
...All the fucking trash compactors... (underwater, then up again) ...on the detention level!... Oh, shit.
Oh shit!
That was so lucky you guys were behind me when that guy got all mad about his car.
I was freaking out.
I'm gonna have to start selling shit pretty soon.
Please tell me that's not a ticket... Fuck, fuck, fuck it.
Ah, shit.
Fuck it.
So did you fuck her? What?! No?!
Hit it again.
But one time I fed this little fuckin' mouse to my snake and that mouse was tough.
The fuck are you doing here?
Oh shit.
The fuck are you doing?
Fuck you.
Fuck you fuck you fuck you.
Fuck you.
And you're a fucking whore.
And when you do, no one's gonna fuckin' notice.
Cuz you're a fat fucking prostitute.
Get the fuck away from me! I'll smash you in the face, I swear to God.
Back the fuck up.
I never want to see you or your ugly fucking face again.
That goes for both of you fucking assholes.
Get your fucking hands away from me!
I fuckin' told you, leave my van out of this!
Let go of me! Fuckin' let go of me.
What in God's name - Don't fuckin' touch m- Fuck you both!
Motherfuckers! Where's my car?
What are you doing!? Where's my fucking car?
Are you crazy?!
Because you're a fucking asshole.
What the fuck?
Holy crap, what is this thing?
Kill it, man.
Get your fuckin' hands off that box.
I'm sorry, sir we really need to- Um... I'm sorry, sir- You touch me again, I'll rip your fucking head off and skull fuck you.
I know you guys don't want me here and I don't want to fucking be here, but I'm not here for me, I'm fuckin' here for her- - and I'm not fuckin' here to say goodbye or have my farewell or whatever the fuck you assholes call it - this is not how I want to say goodbye to someone I like - in this shit-hole with these- - fuckin' assholes.
Alright?! I'm here cause she's been trying to tell you guys something, but you don't want to listen... so I'm gonna fuckin' break it down.
I pulled the gas tank from an old Chevy and I wanted to fuckin' blow it up, so I did.
I couldn't remember what happened and then this doctor at the end of my bed said 'son', and I said, 'don't call me son you fuckin' cunt', then he said, 'you blew off your nut'.
I got arrested.
But all I could think about day and night was my missing fuckin' nut.
At least I didn't lose both my nuts.
Fuck this.
Leave her alone.
It. (beat) Aw, shit.
Aw shit shit shit...
Aw shit.
Aw shit shit shit... Aw shit shit shit... Aw sh- sh- sh- sh- Shit.
You could've killed yourself, you stupid bastard!
That's bullshit, son.
I don't mean how'd you do the paperwork, I mean how the hell did you do it without letting me in on it?
Give 'em hell, Rafe.
Didn't die till he'd landed and shut down his engine.
Cold bitch.
Drop your cocks and grab your socks, boys!
What the hell happened to you guys?
They think no one would be stupid enough to attack them at Pearl Harbor.
But we have been experimenting.
The one that's flat on top, what do they call it?... Here's something, over the line from Tokyo.
I don't buy that hot dog shit.
(between heaves) Fuck you.
Sink the son of a bitch.
Time to shut her down.
bunks; those already awakened run for their battle stations, and try to make it up to the deck; but there's no escape there, as... killing sailors with MACHINE GUN FIRE.
Danny, I don't like this fuckin' guy.
Oh shit, oh shit...
It's terrible.
Who the fuck taught you to fly?
The fuck I do!
Danny, what the hell are you trying to do out there?
It means "Who the fuck thought up this shit?"
But I think that'd just piss 'em off.
Can you get 'em off us? Whatta ya want me to do, sweep 'em! Danny, get the hell out of here!
I hate to lose you.
Then I'll see you in hell!
(irritated) We have thousands of probe droids searching the galaxy.
He is as clumsy as he is stupid.
We're in trouble!
Hot.
(a little angry) Oh, come on.
We're wasting our time.
(irritated) I cannot teach him.
Are you crazy?!
Only your hatred can destroy me.
It is useless to resist.
Don't let yourself be destroyed as Obi-Wan did.
Don't make me destroy you.
out of the box.
Damn.
He hates rats!
Are you crazy?!
Damn it, tell me!
Leave me alone.
And I hate arrogant men.
How dare he?! (to ELSA; softly) Nazis.
I hate these guys.
Intolerable.
This is intolerable!
Dead end.
(vicious) Yet you stood up to be counted with the enemy of everything the Grail stands forwho gives a damn what you think?
Let's get the hell out of here.
Then what are you complaining about?
(frustrated) Twelveeleventen.
Fire! Dad, are we hit?!
This is intolerable!
The Knight warned us not to take the Grail from here.
A desk slams against the floor.
Hard enuff wiffout you stupid clowns carryin' on!
Stupid asses... Go on 'bout cha lesson Mr. Wicher.
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.
Claireece ... What this bitch want?
Only motherfuckers I hate call me Claireece.
White bitch from school.
Ask her stupid.
Eighty-six that bitch.
This bitch crazy.
Bitch.
Shoulda kept her mouf shut.
Should've kept her damn mouf shut.
Stupid little pig.
Why do you say that shit when you don't mean it Trey?
The words.
You lying whore!
I'm gonna get stipend for school and then... Fool fuck a stipend.
Other ones got trust fund welfares from 'sploitin po dumb asses like yo dumb ass for centuries ...Man on TV say let's end 'Firmative Action.
And while we at it, let's take out son-in-laws, country clubs, white motherfuckers and then call it a day.
Whole class scream 'preenatal' at me.
Mama say this new school ain' shit tho.
That piece of shit was depressin...Cute kid.
Anyway, if your shit wasn't dope you wouldn't be standing up here readin' -what, what's her name (looks up on the page) Ms. Weiss.
You better put this shit back before you get in trouble.
I'm going to talk to this lady before my shit gets cut off!
Abuse.
(from inside mascot head) Okay - waita-WHOA-WHOA-WHOA-WHOA!! Suddenly TEN KIDS WITH BIRTHDAY HATS AND FOAM NUNCHUCKS run in SCREAMING and start beating on Mikey... a little too hard.
Mikey jumps in the van, slams the door shut as the car whizzes by.
Kneeling on the floor.
Strong, rim-lit, iconic images of an IMMENSE BATTLE - a slicing blade weapon, screaming mouth, angry eyes.
inters SMASHES the portal, stopping the slew of monsters ( ( Desolate, destroyed battlefield.
She nudges Casey who does the slurp/half-snore wake up.
I'm in the middle of- KZZZT-BOOOM!
(still fighting with Raph) This is my fault now, Raph?
What the shell.
He's taking a pounding as the door is denting with each slam by Gato.
The man stops in his tracks.
Sullen.
He SCREAMS!!! Nightwatcher hears the scream.
They both emerge from their rooms, dressed to kill.
Casey is enjoying the hell out of it.
Do you fondle your friends' garbage bags?
But the murder's way too fucking clumsy.
Shit, this is so irritating.
Is it hot?
Listen: 'I hate killing, that's why I'm willing to kill to stop it.'
Tell me again why you aren't doing the debate.
Don't come across as one of those I-hate-authority- because-nobody-in-charge-reads-the- New Yorker types.
Aren't we so fucking clever.
Bite me.
I hate active listeners.
Damn, I left it home.
And that is I hate killin.'
That's why my administration is willing to kill to stop it.
Fucking better than watching you work.
Shit, two and half hours and that damn lig -- Bitsey.
Prune juice is what death row dudes call the poison, 'cause it gives you the shits.
Fuck, in her stomach?
She's articul -- Constance, who did she kill?
Not your medium grade thinks-she's-Teddy Roosevelt's- bathrobe, but stark-raving-loose- screws-in-the-belfry insane.
Fuck.
That you have a jealous boyfriend.
I still say we should do this in my room -- this one's a fucking crime scene.
Fuck.
Some sick- fuck-Agatha Christie-wannabe set him up, arranged like the perfect murder.
Why does he give a shit?
I mean sending him through hell, a sick cat and mouse game.
That's a lot of hate.
The 'cat' is a fucking psychopath.
What the fuck does this guy want?
Shit.
Fuck! Follow him.
Fucking good question.
Fuckin' wicked.
...thirty-five... Fuck... one-forty... one-forty fi... (through the bag) Zack! (ripping at the tape) Jesus fucking Christ, Bitsey.
Fuckin' A, like when people hang themselves.
At the last second they go chicken, claw at the rope and shit.
Why take your fucking clothes off?
The damn tripod.
She had to know some innocent fuck would take the fall.
Get the fuck out of here.
Riots?
I will kill both him and the man who told me.
Not the soldier, you idiot!
D'Artagnan was the one who warned us that he'd been given an order for your arrest.
You are bitter, Athos.
It hurts when I shit.
What is wrong?
What is wrong?
You will burn in hell, for your sins.
Farewell to useless Porthos!
He is dead!
He is dead now!
Dead.
The room of the King's favorite mistress?
My guards are useless!
Forgive this man, this prisoner... your brother.
And as for you, Phillippe... Back to the prison you shall go, and into the mask you hate.
Bloody hell...
Shoot them!
Stop! Phillippe!
I am unhurt -- You! Vicious... evil...! Phillippe...! No... Don't...
You're shitting me!
Bulkhead door's rusted shut.
(yells to Con Ed Supervisor) How do we get to the vault door?
Now! Get the hell out of there!
(charging after him) I should'a been a fucking mailman.
Damn.
Sully!
Are you fucking with me?
Gordo, if this is you, so help me... What the hell does Gordy have to do with it?
Shit, this is a dream.
Top floor.
(screaming over fire) Get out...while you still can... (soft) ...it's not your time.
(into walkie) Then fuckin' find it.
Oh mother... What the fuck, GINO! Tell me! Gear box cracked, Butch.
We're fucked.
He killed three women.
Damn thing keeps cutting out.
She was murdered.
Murdered?
He nailed it.
What is that?! Why you showing me this shit!? JESUS!
Despite all that we would like to honor in ourselves, we can come to a place where we don't give a fuck.
I asked you a question, asshole.
He killed her and I didn't do a thing to stop it.
What the hell is going on?
He's gonna keep on... Are you listening to me? You're in a world of shit.
(over phone) Hell- You have the right to remain silent.
If you give up that right... Who the fuck is this?
You have the right to speak to an att -- Fuck you, asshole.
Dad? Dad? What's... My turn to steal your life.
You're a clever fuck, fireboy.
Get your fucking hands off my wife.
(annoyed) My name's not Rosey.
Hey, what the hell do you think you're doin'?
Goddamn this sumbitch is runnin' hot.
That's a bitch outta hell, son.
Hells Bells!
You're gonna deliver two prisoners from the county jail to Nystrom Insane Asylum in Bakersfield.
I mean, those two rat shits are a walkin' reminder of just how fucked up our system really is.
I don't owe you shit!
Throw me in jail?
I'm already there, you stupid pigfucker.
Death?
I haven't met one motherfucker here who's shown me shit!
Hey, Phil, how the hell are ya?
(to Scagnetti) This son of a bitch is chairman of the prison board, but it's like pullin' teeth to get him down to a prison.
Good...yuppie piece of shit.
I knew that Mickey and Mallory kill everybody when they're through, except for one clerk.
Hot.
Hot.
I'm here to watch the judge give those two shit asses (BLEEP) the stiffest sentence the law allows.
I want to see their faces when the state says 'they are the worst scum sucking, degenerate, douche bag, filthy, I don't know what's ever shit (BLEEP) out.
(referring to crowd behind him) And these assholes (BLEEP) are making heroes outta sickos.
I'll tell ya who a Goddamn hero is.
Mike fuckin' (BLEEP) Griffin is who these misguided assholes (BLEEP) should be revering.
Mike Jerome Griffin was killed in the line of duty by those two anti-heroes.
Member that crazy ass mother?
When I hear about some of the shit they be doin' on TV, I say 'Damn, that's fucked (BLEEP) up.' (laughing and blushing) We sit in the courtroom all day and try to catch Mickey's eye.
When society catches up with you, I'd hate to be in your boots.
I'm too fucked up.
Mickey, you're wasting time!
There ain't not fuckin' way in hell I'm leaving you.
Well, hell, if you won't leave, give me a gun so I can go out shooting.
Why did you kill Mallory?
We're supposed to be fair to a fault, but when it's showtime, we have to make a decision.
Well, Mickey and Mallory were that 'kill 'em to watch their expression change' attitude personified.
So, basically once the cell door slams shut, Mickey and Mallory will completely disappear from each other's life.
They got a asshole over here.
(pointing to his left) A asshole sitting down reading a magazine over there.
(points to his right) A asshole perched up there.
(points straight up) Assholes everywhere.
They hate him.
He hates them.
What kinda intimacy am I gonna create with all this hate in the air.
Course you're not gonna give a shit.
'Cause when the good doctor's get through givin' you the zap... (he puts his finger next to his temple, pantomimes being electrocuted) ...You won't know where the hell you are.
No, Mickey, I can't let you get away with that shit.
What's so fucking pure about that?
Fucking dammit!
I didn't own a gun, so I go into the living room with a fucking umbrella.
What the hell happened to you?
You should see the other bitch.
And unless you wanna play follow the leader, shut up and do as you're told.
Take a wild stab!
I'll say enough to destroy this wing.
I'd go straight to my buddy, the mayor, and make sure everyone of those son of a bitches down there ends up on the unemployment line.
Scream it.
And if you stop screaming, I swear to God I'll blow your head off.
Don't stop! (to Mickey) I will personally hunt you down, blow the head off your fucking-whore-wife, and plant your sick ass in the ground all by myself.
Tensions run high-- We ain't got all fuckin' day!
Haven't you been listening to a fuckin' word I said?
Can I say fuckin'?
Shit.
Fuckin' idiots don't know shit.
FRIEND #l Thc banality of evil.
This is insane!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
This is insane.
Shit.
You can't scare me with this gestapo crap.
Load up the copper-top and let's get the hell outta here.
Shit.
Are you crazy?
You don't know what it is but it's there, like a splinter in your mind, driving you mad, driving you to me.
Shit.
Shit... What is this?
I knew it, I knew it... Shit! Apoc?
He's going into arrest!
Holy shit!
Hell yes!
You are angry with me.
Mmm, so, so fucking good.
Oh, shit!
Oh, shit!
I disagree.
Goddamn you, Cypher!
Only human... Dodge this, motherfucker!
Shit-shit-no!
Oh fuck.
I goddamn knew it!
Jesus, he's killing him!
Mr. Wizard, Get me the fuck out of here!
(whispers; low) Gonna fuck you up.
I'll fuck you up like I's your daddy...
Does he hate white people?
Why I need protecting from myself by them...? And now I got to go tell them, "Piss off.
You didn't get it from me...your words, your sense of humor, what makes you angry, what makes you a fighter.
I got a stab wound in 1961.
I'm changing my damn clothes!
About you and us and I ain't tellin' 'em shit.
(stays angry) You make a lot of mistakes for a so-called educated man.
Mr. Clay, you're under arrest for refusing induction... (listens; to cam.) Ask Chauncey Eskridge in Chicago.
It there, too? (beat) That's a joke, man...! (frustrated) What do I think about who? Vietcong?
He said if you're called, you should serve... (angrily) Motherfucker.
(angry) Yes, sir! Do you think you're acting like the people's champion...?! Yes, sir.
And you want to throw me in jail?
Hell, I can't.
I leave you alone.
Hell of a fight, champ...
They stole it from you! (etc.)
Ali, kill him!"
You out, sucker!
I done handcuffed lightning, thrown thunder in jail.
That's bad!
I didn't mean for it to come out... Oh, hell, Muhammad, you got no discretion.
It's wrong.
Where's your punch, man?! Ali, get off the ropes!
...I didn't come this far to quit.
Now you in trouble.
Give me a break!
I'd be insulted, but I know you're serious.
Hot.
Only when I'm in heat.
He's SCREWING you!
Mr. Crumley... you cannot chew gum in my courtroom... unless you have enough for everyone.
He stole back the money that the S&Ls had stolen from him!
You're not running for congress here, so knock off the speeches and quit inciting these brainless morons!
What're you sayin'...? We're gonna kill the son-of-a-bitch!
Didn't you tell me he hates trains?
Stand over there and shut up! Hey, man, we got rights!
Aw...
Damn birds!
I come here a lot and I wouldn't want those men to think I'm "easy"... a slut who'll jump into bed with anyone at the drop of a hat.
How do I know you're not the kind of guy who punches out parakeets?
(reading bits) ...stick a knife in your... (reacts, next) ...rip the eyeballs out of your... (next) ...drive razor-sharp spikes under your... Did you get to the one...? ...cut it off... shove it in a blender.
You shoot it.
So what's in the box?
When do I knock on the door?
What's wrong?
Damn kids stole my engine!
Damn moths!
It's your collar... your bust... your call... your show... your play... your move... your wife... Okay, okay!... I'll handle it.
What're you gonna do... arrest me for primping?
Alright, quit playing games with us! (fires questions) Who put ya up to it?
(opens the door) Leave me alone.
(with choreography) Lana, Lana, she's the one Shot a bad guy with a gun Blew that sucker off a train Some guys are a friggin' pain YaaaaaAAAAAAAAY LANA!
Then on the count of three, let's all get the hell out of here!
The gun she used to kill a man!
(cocks the gun) And you know too much.
I... hate... SALESMEN!
But murder?
Hell...
Got 'em! (deafened) I said... I GOT 'EM! (yells) (yells back) Okay.
Hand-me-the-keys, you-fucking-cock- sucker.
McMANUS Give me the keys, you motherfucking, cocksucking pile of shit, or I'll rip off your KNOCK IT OFF.
I mean you know and I know this is a load of shit, but at least I don't have a captain with his dick in my ass making me play along.
That has got to suck, Are you done?
McManus finishes pissing.
Shut your mouth.
I want nothing to do with any of you - (Beat) I beg your pardon but all of you can go to hell.
Then prosecute.
Counselor, you're insulting me.
Kint's lawyer comes in and five minutes later, the D.A. comes out looking like he'd been bitch-slapped by the boogey man.
What'the fuck is that?
I give the D.A. credit for getting that much to stick.
This guy is RABIN (cont'd) protected - From up on high by the prince of fucking darkness.
This is shit, but hey... Can we get started again?
McManus came to us with the job; Fenster got the vans; Hockney supplied the hardware; 'I came through with how to do it so no one got killed - but Keaton - Keaton put on the finishing touch.
A little "Fuck you" from the five of us to the N.Y.P.D. How was the flight?
Me and Fenster Hold the fuckin' phone.
Keaton shoots McManus a foul look.
Fuckin' shame he got shivved.
McMANUS (To Keaton) What's your fucking problem?
They both pull out guns and start screaming.
He yanks on the door handle but it is locked.
Keaton pulls out a pistol and smashes the window with it.
This is a load of shit.
Mr. Soze wants you to get to the boat and destroy the cocaine on board.
They fucking know everything.
This is bad.
You're lying.
McMANUS I'm for waiting for the money.
It was a hit.
Pirates!
You're a pirate.
(as she works) You are despicable.
The pirate.
You cheated.
The lowest circle of hell is reserved for betrayers ... and mutineers.
You are cursed.
We're going to steal a ship?
It's poisoned!
You stole my boat.
(a threat) I will.
Curse you for breathing, you slack-jawed idiot (recognizes Jack) Mother's love, Jack, you know better than to wake a man when he's sleeping.
That was for the smell.
(shouts) What's in your head to put you in such a fine mood?
... that is, if it first doesn't sink back down to hell from where it came.
The way to free you from the curse of the treasure.
I'll torture it out of you.
Blast you!
Have at her, lads!
What's wrong?
Stupid blighter.
You deserve to be cursed -- and remain cursed!
Blast him!
He is genuinely angry.
And we're gonna hog the bathroom, too.
Stuck in traffic?
So dump on me.
It was shaping up like such a tough call -- and then you go and make it so goddamn easy.
Dismissed.
We're fucked.
We are so fucked.
What is it with the damn phone poles?
First week's hell, then it levels out.
That's hell-and-a-half.
Fuck.
I can make this wall without -- ... two... one... MARK! Lesgo, Cortez, LESGO, GO, GO! Shit of a saint... Take her, take her here, Cortez... lookit that monkey-man go... hoo- yah, hoo-yah... Cortez, 93 seconds.
If it's in your favor, just shut the hell up and take it.
How am I supposed to fit in with these guys when you've got me set up as an outsider?
Well, who the shit you think you are? Comin' in here like that?
How dumb you gotta be?
What the hell you talkin' about?
Oh, and let's be sure to invite this sociologist, too -- just in case we want to have a FUCKING BRIDGE GAME Sir? Secretary Hayes calling.
So shutup and stroke, McCool!
What the fuck you trying to do? Spell your name?
Half the guys quit when they come back.
Made me mad.
I've been accused of that wish.
That bad?
Fuck.
Well, shit.
So the shit you gotta go through?
If you were the President, wouldn't that put a little piss in your shoes?
What the hell is the President trying to do? Steal DeHaven's thunder?
You're pathetic, Wickwire.
Oh, no... no, no, no, no... Stand fast! (in her ear) I want to kill them...
Madam Senator, once again I must -- Just hold the goddamn clock, Walter.
Our air's gonna crap out as soon as we get down there.
Don't call it a scam.
Where 'bouts?
Where 'bouts?
Jerk off... OK, jerk off, uhhuh... MARGARET (cont'd) You say hi to your slut Mom for me?
Whatever it was, he told him if he did it again, he'd snap his neck.
Fuck it, okay.
I can smell it.
(gently) Shit bag.
Shoot.
Stay away from our fucking appliances.
You try and rape me, I swear to Christ I'll bite it off.
Ass-rimming ball-sucker.
You've never robbed a 7-11 in your life you shit eating fuck-weasel.
You are so faking it.
MARGARET (cont'd) You put that down now you little bitch, or so help me, I'll start yelling so loud you'll have to shoot me.
I was eaten by wild fuckin' animals.
What in the blazes are you doing?
(laughing) I sure as hell hope so, cause Jehovah's Witnesses won't lick your lolly no matter how much you pay them.
You think they give a shit who pays the bill?
Hang on.
(shouting) Paul, the carrot little weasly one wants to carrot screw me with his sick carrot little cock.
I was mugged.
Does a duck shit under water?
Oh thank fucking Christ.
(to Jimbo) Hey, we're gonna get... Who the hell is that?
What the fuck!! JIMBO (cont'd) She had nothing to do with this!
Oh God... Oh Jesus... (muffled) Oh fucking hell...
Ted, leave him alone.
IT'S THE SAME GUY! (downing some aspirin) 0h, who gives a damn who he is?
Leave him alone.
And Mister Furious... His anger is his power.
They want to know why you're angry all the time--and what can they can do to help--so you tell them there's nothing--nothing--just leave me alone--but they bug you and they bug you and they bug you--until you just can't stand it anymore!--so
I guess... Are you always so angry?
Cutting off my own ear?
I'd hate to waste a good bullet on a piece of scum like you, Tony.
And I know the terrible revenge that you plan to inflict on this city.
This is bad.
Come on, guys--we're fighting against evil.
Oh shut up.
The Eradicators!
To hell with a name.
Perfect... Got any last words, Angry Boy? Disco sucks.
You know what I'm gonna do, Angry Boy, since you're so colorful?
You have destroyed his car.
I say we throw it into the car, drive over to Casanova's house, and kick some ass!
(pissed off) But now Casanova's back!
And to hell with the rest of you!... Look at you.
It's noisy.
I was wrong...
That was great!... What the hell was that?... How did you do that?
We've got to warn the city.
I use it... to fight evil.
Are you nuts?
His anger is gone.
(kisses her neck) What the hell is that?
Hang on!
She's dead!
Can you see me? Yes! Nuts.
Monica... You're beautiful when you're angry.
I want to be a Mystery Man... Shut up.
I hate this shit.
Stupid.. Shush.
You chicken shit.
Did you kill them last night, Sid? Has it gotten to you? Have you finally snapped?
"Stay away from her - you bitch."
And why do you think that is? Sequels suck.
Sequels suck.
Do you think they'll cancel Hell Week?
Shit.
Ah, shit, Sid, I'm fucked up.
Not with Primetime Live and 20/20 coming at her. I'd save my shit too.
You're a self-obsessed little cunt like your mother.
Make no mistake, Dewey, I'm a shit.
You have a right to be angry.
It's all about sisterhood.
She dumped me.
No, no, I hadn't planned on going, it's just Mickey will be pissed.
Shit!
Shit! Dammit!
Shit! Oh God, no, Mickey... Sid? Jesus, where's Hallie?
Shit! You've got to cut me down, Sid.
Where is your attacker?
Fuck that!
Fuckin' hurry.
You must be dealing with some serious trust issues right about now.
(to Sid) He hates Oliver Stone.
Shit.
You fucking freaked out movie nut psychos... (off camera) Don't blame the movies, Sid.
You ruined my family by killing my son.
An innocent man wrongly accused.
Spends time in prison where he justs sits with his righteous anger, waiting, planning his revenge.
His life so incomprehensively ruined he's forced to take revenge on the people responsible.
I'm the victim.
Halftime last game, coach is pissed I ran it on a pass play, out on the field he says to me 'you gotta think about the team and you gotta' you know and 'if you run that ball again you're out', and I said to him you gotta let me play!
EMILY (cont'd) It was dumb, I got paranoid over a really stupid thing.
EMILY (cont'd) Brendan, I know you're mad at all these people, cause you think I went away from you and went to them.
But you've got to start seeing it as my decision, stop being angry because where I want to be at's different from where you wanna be at.
(angry) Who fed you that line, Em?
So what am I? (strained anger) Yeah, what are you?
(annoyed) Hey Brendan.
(flat with anger) Yeah?
Anyway you've been sniffing me out before then, sniffing for me like a vampire bat for a horse with a nick on its ear he can suck on.
(Tugger grins) Hell with ya then.
It starts out same as before, and this floor ain't carpeted.
The car stops.
No, the chem the junk must have been cut with put him down.
Get back in the car, I'm taking you home, you're sick, you need- Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! BRENDAN (cont'd) Okay, you've got to, what you've got to do is drive around to the Carrows lot.
You gonna stop me?
Did you see who killed her before I got there?
You're not going to talk this! Dode, I know you're thinking of Em, I know you tried to help her- Shut up! You're gonna shut your DODE (cont'd) put it over real nice- -so I'm telling you now you're in over your head, you don't want to put your hand in this- Shut up! She's dead, you- Why was she scared, Dode?
Brendan grabs a clock and throws it.
Hell for that!
To hell!
No, that's not- Was it bad, Tug? Snag it so I don't know, or sell it off to flat the war odds?
TUGGER (cont'd) I cut the brick, I stole the money, I faked a peace, I snagged your junk, I did it all!
Same gun.
Shut your mouth back there!
I fucking destroyed that brat, OK? I, Needy Lesnicki, put a stop-payment on Jennifer Check.
Jesus, Chip.. Chip couldn't drum for shit.
Are you jealous?
That rich bitch?
(calling after them) Stop kidnapping my girlfriend!
Arrest me, pfft!
Then I'll be able to cuff you whenever the hell I want.
Point `em in the right direction and shit gets real.
Dirk, we didn't haul our asses out to this corn palace for nothing!
I'll be Little Miss Fucking Sunshine.
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with you?
Parrish ate shit?
Fucked up.
I'll piss on you like Calvin.
I'm crossing you out.
Knock it off, Camille!
I went to Super Target and bought more condoms.
What's wrong?
Dude, that is a hot murder weapon!
I look pork stupid.
Hang on.
I hate your guts, Madison.
Holy crap!
Fuck this J.V. shit!
You're such a player-hater.
You're a jerk.
Nice insult, Lizzie McGuire.
I'm gonna eat your soul and shit it out, Lesnicki.
Waiting for her to burn through the life-force she'd stolen from Chip.
A person who uses curse words and kicks orderlies and and sees things that aren't there.
Must be a hell of a group.
You cracked it?
I hate you.
Shit!
MATT (cont d) Ow, shit.
We re losing her.
You can fucking do it.
That's funny shit.
We're hot.
We can still shut down, Sebastian.
Shit... it's starting to burn... Oh god.
Holy shit.
Hate to pull rank, but you're my patient now and you need rest.
Shit.
Three fucking days and I'll be damned if I'm going to spend the rest of my life as a prisoner in this godforsaken dump.
Shit.
Shit.
Oh shit.
Leave him alone.
Waste of time.
School asshole.
Hell, I try and do that now.
And the Cyclops raged to his friends "Nobody is killing me.
Where the fuck is he?!? Right on top of you.
Shit.
Ahh! Shit! MATT (cont'd) Karl Three.
Get to the lab, lock the goddamn doors and pray to God Frank can reprogram the elevator.
And nobody's gonna tell the police they were fucked by a ghost.
Oh shit.
Grab on.
Fuck you.
Before it slips.
Sebastian, you fuck.
Go to hell.
(to Gaines) Who's lying?
You son of a bitch, I've got fifteen years in, and three kids, and you're gonna sit there, and lie away my Pension... ...don't you tell me you were there...
I was On Post... (as he moves towards Gaines seriously) ...you lying swine...Don't you tell me you were On Post! Shall I tell you what's gonna happen to you, when we find you out? (he gets up and walks, wearily, toward the windows, and turns) I...Uh... Were you fucking her...? (pause) We're gonna find out... No, I...um... ...Where Is She? We've got until her Monday Morning Class, and then it's Meet the Press; and "Where is she...?" (he shakes his head) Who's got the Professor...?
pause) I was mad.
(of the letter:) ..."everything that's going to happen to her"...What was going to happen to her? (pause) You hurt her...? (pause) Did y'hit her, son...? Hit her? No. I... (he gestures to the note) I called her...I called her a whore...I... Why...? (as if realizing "This is the question") Where is she? (as if the question had not occurred to him previously) She must...she must...she must have gone home... Why...? (gesturing around, quietly) Because the Secret Service, isn't... (of the sign on the letter,the "Picasso" sign, that is %-}.
She wants to fuck old guys, she should go to The Regency.
He copped to what? (of Gaines) Off-post - punched out early to go boffing his girlfriend.
He's dead... (as he turns his back on the scene) Kick the fool overboard... ...who is the girl he went to see? Get her in...The girl he was fucking...Who's got the Coastguard... I'd hate to be the Lucky Duck who frisked him... (beat) He was off-post when they snatched the girl?
Whaddaya gonna do...? "Curse of the Bambino".
(beat.
(as he sees Scott) ...what the fuck...? ...I heard the TV, so I came in... (pause) ...what the hell you got the TV on for, there's nobody here...? (the man puts up his hands) I don't wanna hurt you.
WHERE IS You're dying.
For their medical procedures...Now: Shut up.
...help me... Shut up.
HELP ME...and I will treat you like a brother...I... My brother used to beat me (he raises the cop's service revolver and cocks the hammer) Nice guess, though.
Then why the hell you looking at me?
I was thinking...how fucking surprised you're going to be.
They'll get her out, if she's in there... (pause, as he looks at Scott) You did your part, what the fuck do you want, a Citation?
Coast Guard dressed 'em up...full of Ecstasy... ...he killed her... (shrugs, meaning "who knows") He was fucking her, they're stoned...the boat capsized... (almost to himself) ...so much death.
We see that Anton is having difficulty formulating his thoughts) I fucked up.
...yeah, well, that's when people generally do fuck up.
Wait for that to kick in.
He piss in the punchbowl?
You Marines are a weepy bunch of motherfuckers.
Now: what the fuck are you doing here?
Sir, I am not here to question... Well, then, what the fuck are you doing here...? Sir, as he said, he is here to apprise you of a security leak... ...and... To call your attention to what may be a problem in discipline with this... Granted.
When the operation is staged in Dubai... What is this...? He... ...what the fuck are you talking about?
What the fuck is with you, you've got on your "thinkingcap" all of a sudden...? I'd like to finish what I started.
Punched out early, off with the girlfriend, his Principal wanders off, winds up dead: hari-kari... ...rather you didn't smoke in here.
...what the fuck did you do to my friend...? ...where are you...? No. Tell me later.
...ohmigod... What the hell are you doing?
They turn the Secret Service into a bunch of pimps.
No, you're out of your fucking mind, and you're out of your league, and my advice to you:...before some mercantile soul shops you.
Smell.
And the Gods Are Angry.
No - I don't know you... (to his men, as he, Stoddard, casts a glance outside, and then back) Alright, take him outside... (the henchman hoists Scott to his feet) Oh, my God... (yells) Wait...! (to Laura) Keep walking... (to Stoddard) ...do you want me to...? Gimme an uplink Gimme an uplink... GET IT ON THE SAT.
I hate it.
So hot.
And from here to there...wait, let me get the door for you... (opens a piece of tape) Your kitchen.
(to Jake, annoyed) Yo.
That's awful.
You're acting insane.
How `bout you?
BOURNE turns and in one motion grabs his gun from the sink and disables the BOURNE freezes POLICEMAN #2 with his gun and a look.
BOURNE smashes the radio and takes the gun.
Who the hell is he talking to??? Jimmy, I need that phone!
Paz is frustrated by the order.
PARAMEDICS try helplessly to deal with ROSS -- killed instantly by the head shot meant for BOURNE...POLICE arrive and seal off the crime scene... BOURNE on the move.
Wounded?
Armed?
A BLACK CAR moving briskly through traffic and -- HAMMOND at the wheel.
Shutting off his phone.
I think they're Americans -- BOURNE pushes the phone off the desk -- fires four shots into the ceiling -- calmly moves Nicky towards the back door...
Keeping DESH in sight as he returns to his Vespa and pulls out in to traffic.
It's a hell of a risk.
Why the hell did she give him that?
What the hell do you mean we can't read it?
I want that goddamn text.
A SEDAN pulls to a stop as a door comes open.
The other CRI car races the wrong way on the street but gets immobilized and trapped by the onrushing tunnel traffic.
Ho-ly shit! (practically screaming into his handheld) He did what?! Get down there!
The just stolen vehicle takes heavy fire as Bourne reacts instantaneously; thumbing on the cruise control, shouldering his door open, and slamming the gas pedal to the floor as he dives out of the car.
The tire explodes and the car suddenly veers left and slams into a parked car, pitching the driver violently against the unyielding interior of the sedan.
An instant later Bourne rips the radio off the dazed drivers belt just before he cold cocks him with it.
As cars yield to Bourne's siren a taxi tries to jump into Bourne's wake but a CRI sedan punches the taxi back to the right.
Shit-- A block south of the hospital, stuck in traffic, Vosen points.
Vosen's SUV careens to a stop behind a bunch of traffic.
A beat...
Which is why I'm sentencing you to three months house arrest.
I said come around my left flank and draw his fire -- damn straight I'm trying to get you smoked, you've been hiding behind my ass the whole game -- Hobby, Jet, you guys still there?
What, so he can tell me I'm ADD, have PTSD, and severe IAD? (messing with bracelet) Freakin' irritated ankle disorder.
What are you gonna do, kill us like your teacher?
Not before I shove this shit up your ass! (terrified to Brat #1) Dude, you said he couldn't leave his house!! Shit! Turn green turn green turn green... No, c'mon, I'm way inside, turn green -- (CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Yes! That's what I'm talking about!
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso (realizing) -- Mustang -- Holy shit.
You're full of -- Shit shit!! Oh my shit!
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso What the hell?
I just don't think it's a good idea -- (still searching; more frustrated) Where the hell are they?
Are you nuts?! Mom? D.J. Caruso Dammit.
Shit! Dumbass dumbass -- (CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Okay, so where is she -- Oh shit oh shit... (into phone as needed) Ronnie -- (phone filter as needed) Dude, Ashley is ho-ho-hotttt -- Giles totally busted me.
(in his best sinister "Scream" voice) That's right, Kale, and now I'm coming up to slash your guts out, you little bastard!
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Just -- wait -- wait till I check the hall -- Goddamn you!! Kale, Kale, it's me!! No, don't!
I had a flat tire when I came out.
(punches buttons; then) Ashley, you there?
Oww, shit -- You okay -- What do you think?
Shit.
(in Korean) Shit.
(pissed) Excuse me? (serious) The code, did you get it?
Oh shit -- (CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Ronnie?
What the hell -- RONNIE!
Shit -- D.J. Caruso Ronnie?! Ronnie, can you hear me?! Giles, open the door!! Hey! Freeze.
Hands above your head, now!! Please, my friend's been kidnapped, he's in this house -- he's inside, I think the owner's trying to kill him -- Stay right there.
You're a lying son of a bitch!
He's lying!
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Sir, calm down -- Okay, but he's lying -- he has my friend, and he kidnapped that girl last week, he killed maybe three others, all redheads, they could be in a bag -- a big blue plastic bag -- in his garage -- my friend knew this -- (re: Giles) That's why he's covering -- he didn't just wake up five minutes ago -- (to Uniform #3; re: Kale) Can you -- Sir, do you mind if we take a look inside?
Okay? (CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Shit -- Ronnie -- Dude, don't kill me, don't kill me -- I can explain -- How -- How long have you been here?
And that's about when you started yelling bloody murder and the shit hit the fan.
Giles quickly opens and shuts the door as Kale struggles against him.
Kale's eyes widen with rage as he pulls free of Giles, drops to the floor, tries to roll away.
Kale mumbles a muffled "FUCK YOU" under the duct tape.
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso But damned if people aren't just waiting to stand in your way... cops, reporters, determined relatives, nosy fucking neighbors... next thing you know, you're on tilt, you can't think straight, you're clocking your teacher in front of the whole class, me... I'm hitting a damned deer... Man, that was some shitty luck.
Ashley SCREAMS and knees Giles.
Pockets the ball, slips the racket in the back of his shorts, then grabs the baseball bat as he heads for the bookshelves near the door that leads to the outside porch.
(to Giles O.S.) We're out here, asshole!
She shrugs to Kale: "where is he?" Another beat, then suddenly -- a FLASH OF LIGHTNING reveals Standing in the other porch doorway BEHIND KALE! Kale! Kale whirls around just as Giles reaches out, grabs him by the throat, pulls him off his feet and HURLS KALE through the shattered window into the hallway!
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso She drops to the floor, half conscious as Giles picks up the letter opener, turns his attention back to the 2nd floor hallway window -- WHIP PAN to behind Giles -- REVEAL KALE - CHARGING OUT the same porch door Giles just came out!
I wanna kill him -- Stick to the plan -- Over this, Kale pulls Ashley to her feet.
Oh my God! Oh shit!
I found some weird blue shit, I mean stuff, gunk, in there this morning.
And the receptionist tried to give me these weird condoms that looked like grape suckers, and she told me about her boyfriend's pie balls, and Su-Chin Kuah was there, and she told me the baby had fingernails.
Damn skippy, you're not!
How does "crap it out" sound?
Her mother's fault?
And I'm going to punch that Bleeker kid in the weiner the next time I see him.
Thank you for having me and my irresponsible child over to your home.
(teasing) Yeah?
Where the hell have you been, Junebug?
Are you jealous?
You're mad.
Why are you mad?
I'm in a fucking great mood.
You don't have any reason to be mad at me.
(pretending to be calm) Mark?
Your shirt is stupid.
(checking her watch) Shit.
(To the doctor) Hey, can we give my kid the damn spinal tap already?
You kidnap me to get to Uberman, he immediately finds your hideout, escapes whatever lame trap you've come up with, and takes you and your cronies to jail.
Sir! (annoyed) What is it!? (on monitor) Master Mind!
Stealing from the register.
Shit.
God, I hate the weather in this city.
What the hell was that for?
This balance of the force bullshit is getting way too Oprah for me.
I'm warning you, Einstein.
Hey! Shut up, Gramps.
...distracted.
Gentlemen, it's time for Operation Mentor Kill! Man, what the hell happened down there?
Wait a sec - Crap.
You must stop the evil Hal - stop the... Tighten, Is this the work of Master Mind?
You must have done it just seconds before the observatory exploded.
You killed my suds!
Hal, I know everyone treated you like shit, but you don't have to do this.
What the hell?
Shit! Stupid monkeys and their fruit.
It's bang cock!
Who's bad?
And what about Tighten?
I get myself half-killed for you -- and you reward me by stealing my assignments.
Nerves, I said.
Trouble.
A lesser man would have told me it was one long holiday -- and I would have awakened to a rude disillusionment.
Now don't get me mad!
(She laughs) Goodnight, you idiot.
(Firmly) Now stop wasting time, Thorwald, or I'll hang up and call the police.
In a hat box.
I'm repulsive.
Movie shit.
I am repulsive.
(muffled by pillow) Screenwriting seminars are bullshit.
Collected the shit out of 'em.
Fossils were the only thing made any sense to me in this fucking world.
I had sixty goddamn fish tanks in my house.
Then one day I say, fuck fish.
I fucked her up the ass.
It's that sprawling New Yorker shit.
I'd fuck her up the ass.
So then it's a courtroom drama.
Laroche got fined five hundred bucks and banned from the Fakahatchee for six months.
Goddamn politics.
I already did some legal research on this when I was doing the other shit.
I am repulsive.
How repulsive?
Oh, hey, my friend sent me this fucked- up internet thing.
It's a girl taking a shit, but a trout comes out.
So, John... Okay, fuck the sundial.
What the hell is Me, Myself, and I? Your brother's script.
I am repulsive.
Years from now you'll be standing around a posh cocktail party congratulating yourself on how you spent an entire weekend locked in a room with an asshole, an opinionated arrogant asshole, for your art.
I am worthless.
It is my weakness, my ultimate lack of conviction that brings me here with all these desperate idiots lapping up everything this bag of wind spouts.
God fucking help you!
MCKEE (cont'd) (deadpan) Michelle Pfeiffer is proof, my friends, that there's a fucking God.
Who the hell sent you?
What the fuck does that mean?
Jesus Fucking Christ.
(then, trying to make sense) Why the fuck were you in my backyard?
Who's the bloody fat guy?
Fuck! Fuck, Donald, we're dead.
And I hated me.
Can we fuck now, baby?
What the hell is going on here?
They killed my brother.
What are you -- MIKE OWEN (cont'd) Holy shit.
Crap! ORLEAN (cont'd) I'm out.
I'm fucking cleaned out.
You pathetic, fat, bald...
Why don't you tell me what's bothering you?
Get a couple of harness bulls to grab anybody who starts to run... Don't tell your Grandmother how to suck eggs.
That's the trap some son of a bitch is going to fall into... Am I in charge of this thing?
Get the fuck outta here... What am I wasting my time with this shit for?
Shall I shut the door?
Inspector Halloran, that is so much bullshit, you don't like or admire me, but the beautiful part is I don't give a fuck.
Well, it's a hell of an apartment you got here.
Tough shit.
Shit... ... it was your feeling after careful evaluation that he was a sexual sadist who satisfied at least four out of ten criteria in the DMS III? Yes.
What's wrong with him?
You said you don't give a fuck and that's the beauty of a breakdown?
This doesn't look like not giving a fuck, you know that?
Records of arrests for rape, especially by a man wearing green.
Hope, if he does another I'll nail the son of bitch, and they'll spell my name right in the newspaper.
The lock... I'll get a locksmith.
See, now you've annoyed her.
You dumb son of a bitch!
Who? M.J.? Hey, Nikko, explain to me why she gave you the boot... Is Niccoletti assigned (angry about it) Quinn decided we should form a task force -- they're all one case, now.
She's blue as hell.
No marks on her neck.
Asphyxiated?
After she was dead.
Get the hell out o here!
You betrayed me!
You lied to me!
We have... don't step on me, damn it!
Can we have homicide?
Now we got the FBI, my team is expendable?
(looking at Saks) Give him that pompous son of a bitch.
(enough already!) Wait a minute, wait a goddamn minute...
(to the Kid who is restless) Stop that, you son of a bitch!
I was doing my goddamn job!
Cut the crap.
You had your chance, now fuck yourself... Tell me what you want me to say.
You refuse my hospitality, I'm putting you to bed.
I didn't lock the fucking drawer!
Who gives a fuck?
Who gives a fuck?
I'm the one fucked it up...
You fucked up on this occasion, but don't be so hard on yourself.
I failed you, is this what...? Stop screaming!
Oh, shut up, and don't be so damn self righteous.
I have commanded men in battle.
Again, I'm forced to ask, Beverly, have you considered what you're doing to little ole' me?! I'll probably get some old battle- axe of a doctor who'll tell me to eat my vegetables and put me on report if I don't show up for my physical on time!
I need to know where the hell he came from.
He was a damn fool.
The bond is broken.
No -- this is wasting time.
Fire! Worf! Lock on transporters!
(angry) This has gone far enough!
Counselor?
There's a Bajoran band at the officer's mess.
Fuck you.
Pisses 'em off.
Bummer.
That river of testosterone coursing through your veins, the damn about to burst!
It really "sucks."
Holy shit.
Get the hell away from me.
This is freaking me out.
Will you stop starin'?! Janine?
It'll set you free, but first it can really piss you off.
This is nuts!
You gonna' tell me you wouldn't like to do her?! FUCK YOU, man!
You ASSHOLE!
Keep the fuck away from me!
You can fuck off!
What the hell's goin' on?! (to the guys) Luke's datin' his sister.
He tried to beat the crap out of him!
Asshole! (calling back) You should thank me.
Always says you gotta' just be whatever you want, and fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
Or I'll have to cut it myself.
Damnit!
Ah, shit.
What the hell else do you need to know?
Oh, who cares, you idiot!
What the hell else do you need to know?
And I don't know what half of who the hell I am.
It's an insult.
There he is, officer -- do your duty!
It's a rigged deck -- why waste time kiddin' ourselves?
Stop crowding him!
Strike!
What demands?
We're on strike.
We're the ones putting our necks on the line -- all we need is for somebody to have the guts to stand up and show them we're not alone!
They have the power to destroy people...
Jack rushes out and slides to a stop -- -- the mounted police form a half-circle cutting him off -- and from behind them, Weasel, the Delanceys, and the Thugs move through the horses towards him.
It's past my bedtime -- Shut your mouth and listen !
Talk to me, you liar!
You're wrong.
Therefore, Jack Kelly's voice must be stopped, whatever the cost... (stops) Damn good writing, isn't it?
We glimpse a famous walrus mustache as the Man slams his fist on the table in anger.
And you can stop pointing.
(annoyed) Shit, it's the Italian!
You extortionist bastard!
It's fighting.
I dive because I like to, not to beat a record... don't you have to be very mad at somebody to want to beat him?
(fast talking) We have to send somebody over there immediately!
It's too loud for me.
(irritated) I'm meditating, can't you see? Jacques does two hours of yoga before going down.
He refuses to receive his medal and everybody is waiting for him up there.
For the press... (loosing his temper) I think my brother told you I was indisposed, that should do it, no?
Leave it alone, Enzo, it's okay.
(loosing his temper) Hey! D'you have any other complaints?
I am in love, why did I act like a bitch?
I sing too... a hell of a Carmen.
A shit dive.
It's Roberto, Mamma, that stupid actress... Oh shit!
(tense) And you?
(frustrated) Damn it!
(grabbing away the stopwatch) That idiot!
(furious) The fool was asleep!
I know you're angry at me. (no response) Enzo, it's important.
Shit.
Fuck me gently with a chainsaw.
Like I give a shit.
They all want me, as a friend or a fuck.
If you're going to openly be a bitch.... God, scan on Martha Dumptruck.
This is the part I hate.
Damn.. ..you Heather.
It seems to have an open door policy for assholes though, doesn't it?
They should throw his ass in jail.
(to HEATHER DUKE) Damn.
Holy shit !
What. A. Shot.
(looking up) Goddamn.
A well-timed lightning bolt through her window and Monday morning, all the other heathers, shit, everybody would be cast fucking adrift.
I know exactly what the hell you're talking about and you're right, you don't know what the hell you're talking about.
Don't be a dick.
Man Veronica, pull the plug on that shit.
How the hell'd you get in here?
So I whipped this up.
(belching) Fuck it.
Does this have something to do with menstrual cramps and shit?
(dazed) What the fuck?
What the fuck?
The day I won her that stuffed rhino at the 4-H Fair, she said to me.... You're an asshole!
She hated you!
Do you remember fucking Kansas?
Showed those fucks.
Fucking Kansas.
(looking at his cigarette) Goddamn.
Punch it in!
Three! "When I get that feeling, I need sexual healing....." Yeah, right, asshole.
What is this shit?
Another fucking Heather.
Shut up, Courtney.
Son-of-a- bitch .
Yet we were forced to live the lie of Sexist- Beer Guzzling-Jock-Asshole.
Pauline, if you want a tryout for the school play.... Shut up, Paul.
I've seen a lot of bullshit--angel dust, switchblades, sexually perverse photography exhibits involving tennis racquets, but this suicide thing....I guess it's all on Pauline's wavelength.
We killed them, didn't we?
Thanks Whitney, but I hate to say it.
Dear Diary, my teen angst bullshit has a body count.
I gave J.D. shit about the Ich Luge thing but what really frightens me is that I'm not frightened by what J.D.'ll do next.
You can be so immature!
(looking off) You kids are making too much damn noise.
We beat the bitches.
Judge told em to slurp shit and die.
I called everyone, even that Stoner slut.
I'm such a jerk.
It's ridiculous.
What the fuck?
Give me a break.
You're giving your life away to become a goddamn statistic in U.S. Fucking A Today.
Shit.
The same fucking cheek, goddamnit!
Why are you pulling my dick?
You were wrong!
It's got that Catcher-in-the-Ryey- I-hate-the-world-and-the-world-hates-me- so-let's-commit-suicide ambience.
nag.
What in the hell do you think I'm doing?
Can you see your fucking reflection?
The bomb, asshole!
Pretend I did blow up the school.
Worse than a fucking rabid baboon.
Naw, he don't do anything else with 'em, but he did get caught once with a Planet of the Apes doll hanging out his asshole.
(laughing) Goddamn.
Yes, I did... so don't you go stuffin' any goddamn paper towels down that hole.
Mary fucking Moses.
Get the fuck out of here.
Go get that other asshole out of the shitter and drag his ass back in here.
Miserable little cunts with guns.
I ought to jump right over this counter and bash your fucking balls in.
That's what you bitches need.
That'll be a fucking cash box you can cry to mamma about.
Fuck your mother.
Fuck your sister.
Shut up, shut up, shut up! Quiet down... three.
Fuck your grandmother.
Yeah, I remember Mr. Alacard the shop teacher use'ta call you Little Dick Wick.
(temper rising) Shut up! (singing) Little Dick Wick, play with his prick Don't his smell, just make you sick.
God damn it, that motherfucker got blood all over my best clown suit.
Hell yeah.
I resign.
It's so quaint... it's so primal... it's so crap.
Aw, shit... (exhales deeply) I gotta pee anyway.
You are in Hell.
This is Hell.
(holds up a gun) ...true heaven in my hands... I'm gonna blow Satan back through the door to Hell.
Too God damn long, that's how long.
Why the fuck you asking so many jackass questions for?
You know all the crazy shit you see when you drive cross country.
Well fuck me Side Sally, who want to read about all that horse shit anyway.
Hey, knock yourself silly.
Alright line your asses up in front of the black door.
Murderer, cannibal and momma's little bitch boy.
I always thought it was bullshit.
Fuck.
For fucking sake Jerry, what the fuck are we gonna do?
What the hell are you laughing about?
(muttering to herself) Fucking psycho.
Fuck!
We are fucked!
Turn that fucking radio off!
I think I'm going fucking crazy.
Fuck, it's freezing.
Satan.
Yeah, so how does that fit with the story of four morons with a flat tire looking for a dead tree?
(bursting in) God damn it, I must be fucking crazy to let him go off with that crazy fucking bitch.
That stupid hillbilly slut.
The door's locked.
(sarcastically) Whoopie fucking doo.
Fucking great.
God damn it, I can do it.
God damn, my dogs are barking.
It's all talk, yakty yak, like a bunch of hungry chipmunks... Christ, Dr. Satan.
(laughing) That old bitch hog don't know shit.
(mouth full of food) What are you, Jimmy Olsen cub reporter for the Daily Asshole?
Boy, I bet you'd stick your head in the fire if I told ya you'd see Hell... meanwhile you too stupid to realize you got a demon sticking out your ass singing, "Holy Miss Moly, I got a live one."
(whispering) This is way too fucked up for words.
(loud whisper) I know the words... fucking psycho fucking bullshit, that's the words.
I know, this is fucking nuts.
Shit, I'm all for being a sport, but this is ridiculous.
I'm with Denise, can't we just walk to someplace, this is getting fucking stupid.
Shit, we are so deep in the sticks we could walk for hours and find zero.
Take that, you fucking slut! (Mary spits at Baby) Fucking redneck whore!
(off screen) Shut your fucking mouth!
I said shut your mouth!
(slow and sinister) Listen, you Malibu Barbie middle class piece of shit.
Now, I'm gonna remove my hand... you make a sound and I swear I'll slit you open and make you eat your own fucking intestines... you get me?
Well, fuck lady there are some bigger issues at hand... than your fucking have a nice fucking day bumper sticker shit!
(crying) Fuck you, you fucking freak!
Yeah, they weren't here but a few minutes, didn't really have time to get as up close and personal as I do with most of the assholes that wander through here.
I know who the fuck Spider-man is.
Hulk was dumb as shit.
Aw, fuck.
Yeah, well we like to get fucked up and do fucked up shit, you know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah... (giggling) ...I like to fuck shit up.
(looking down at his tag) Actually it's G. Ober... Gerry Ober, but the guys drew in the other O, fucking assholes.
Holy crap, thanks!
(off screen) God damn bitch, what the fuck are you waiting for... Charles Nelson Reilly don't know shit... (gesturing at the TV with a knife) Watch that bitch, she's thinking about that Klugman bangin' Brett Sommers, pick motherfucking Richard Dawson.
He's the fucking slick jack Match Game man, mamma.
What! God damn, how many?
(grabbing hold to help) Shit... fuck procedure.
Over! Fuck, go to the car... call for backup.
Hands up, bitch!
I'm the one who loves you when you're fucking dead!
I'm gonna let you meet the old bastard.
What the fuck are you saying?
Who the hell is talking to me? Come on, my babies are getting restless.
Bitch, shut your mouth and get your shit in the box.
Christ, ain't this fucking a hoot... alright mamma, I ain't got all fucking night.
Ignores the EXPLOSIONS and BULLETS.
(softly) Goddamn it.
Their conversation is repeatedly broken by FIRING And Jesus Christ!
Shit, sir.
Out of the frying pan, into the fucking latrine.
Reiben, how the hell do you know so much about lingerie?
Resistance?
Respectfully, sir, sending men all the way up to Ramelle to save one private doesn't make a fucking, goddamned bit of sense.
Damn...I got a couple brothers... We've got to make one stop.
A fucking mess, two maybe three Kraut divisions, no fronts, no lines, the drops were completely fouled up, we've got little pockets of paratroopers all over the place, trying to hang on.
Hell of a mission.
(continuing) ...who won the Congressional Medal of Hon...? Captain, I gotta tell you, the irony of this mission is fucking killing me.
Go figure, I mean, who'd he piss off?
Hell, this is better than Coney Island!
They've got a hell of a spotter somewhere.
Reverse!
Get lost.
If we find Ryan and he's still alive, that son-of-a-bitch is gonna carry this goddamned B.A.R. back to the beach for me.
That's because, as I have pointed out on numerous occasions, you are a happy idiot.
Fine, you convince yourself you got a pack full of feathers and goddamned Private James Ryan can carry my fucking gear.
Dang!
Shit, that was no big deal.
(beat) Fucking James Ryan, I'd like to wring his fucking neck.
Yes, sir, as a final note, I'd like to say, fuck our orders, fuck Ramelle, fuck the cheese capital of France and while we're at it, fuck Private James Ryan.
Command isn't going to let them withdraw and the Germans sure as hell aren't going to let them surrender.
(beat) Hell of a mission.
Yup, hell of a mission.
Shit, that's nothing, I ran twenty- two flat.
THROWS the grenade, VEERS and DIVES.
Not in so many words, but they tell you you can have all the firepower in the world and if your men don't have good morale, it's not worth a damn.
You bluff, you lie.
That's the rub.
What the hell's the matter with you, Jackson?
I said, who the hell is Wade?
Looks like they've been having a hell of a party, here, Captain.
I do and personally, I'd rather get the hell out of here, but somebody's got to stay and take care of you and these pin-head privates of yours.
Listen to me, you little pissant pieces of shit, I am the ranking officer here and what I say goes, is that clear?
Leave him to me, Captain, I'll have him pissing and moaning with the best of us.
My brothers would be mighty pissed off at me, if they knew I let some guy get killed trying to keep me alive.
Just as he's about to open up with his sub-machine gun, Miller grabs him from behind, STABS him, eases the body silently to the ground.
Exposed.
Who killed Sarge are killed.
Goddamn it...Goddamn it...Goddamn it... Get back to your positions!
It takes a hell of a junior high kid to hit a ball that far.
Who the hell is playing piano?
I asked for Pig, dammit.
Where the hell is that?
I'll be damned.
I'll be dammed.
Grand Old Opera -- I hate that music.
Did it break?
Hell, you're whiter than that old boy up there.
Where the hell are you going, Oreo cookie?
What the hell is going on?
Why the hell would she be there?
You know goddamn well where she is.
Bastard Stop it!
Bill, he's a crazy man.
Hell,' we've been playing poker together since we were fourteen.
Wrong.
That's unkind.
They screwed up.
She's a jerk.
I'm talking about a girl you want to fuck, so give me a break.
See torrid lovemaking at its most explicit!
Bloody awful if you ask me!
(angry) You've made me miss.
What the hell was that all about?
(angry) Should the world know our business?!
It's murder then.
Then murder it is!
Fuck.
Oh shit.
Jesus fuck!
Shit! Help me! Oh God! Jack?
Ow, shit!
(approaching hysteria) Who the hell are you people?
(shouting) Get your fucking hands off me!
What the hell is going on here?
(annoyed) I'm an orderly, not a bleeding psychiatrist!
(unbelieving) Get the fuck out of here, Jack.
Kill yourself, David, before you kill others.
Don't be an asshole, David.
It's silly of you to be apprehensive.
No! Jesus Christ! (screams) What?
I don't give a damn who you sleep with.
They were lying.
If all the villagers believe that Jack Goodman was killed by a werewolf, why shouldn't David?
Where on earth have you been!?! I'm freezing.
I was locked out of the flat.
It's like the days of the Mad Barber of Fleet Street, isn't it?
Leave me alone, dammit!
(approaching, hysteria) Control!?! What control!?! Get away from me! Leave me alone!
Ditch the bitch, let's go.
(to Faisil) Son of a bitch is with her two minutes and she's ready to bear his children (to Harry) What's your exit strategy Twinkle Toes?
* Aw, shit.
Harry!
Harry?
HARRY?! What?
You bitch.
He lies!
Harry?
Helen's going to be pissed.
Oh shit.
Harry?
Harry?
Harry, you copy?! Shit! (to the old guy) Sorry.
The guy on the horse?! What the hell were you thinking?
Don't give me that crap.
Why fight it?
* Shit!
Cheating?
Harry?
That's none of your goddamn business!
It was wild and it was reckless and outrageous and I fucking did it!
(whispering to Harry) Oh shit.
Harry... what're you doing?
What's involved?
Yeah, I thought the damn towtruck was never going to get there.
Talk again, I kill you.
There is no us, you psychotic bitch.
Oh shit.
Harry!! Aw, shit... here we go.
Suck it, virginity pledges!
Dangerous angry.
It's not a movie slap.
Candace stops him.
So disturbed.
To himself, in living hell.
Holy shit.
Piss off, Tennessee Tuxedo.
And saying he was going to hell.
Mr. Callahan moves to Patrick's SHITTY WOODEN CLOCK.
Mr. Callahan writes a grade and slaps it down.
The kids look ridiculous, but they don't feel ridiculous.
Mary Elizabeth is pissed.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Crunch.
Oh, shit!
It was crazy.
I called you a faggo-- Smack.
Say that shit again!
Say that shit again!
Thud.
Son of a bitch!
I'm crazy again.
What's hurting you?
I hate you.
You're lying.
You're a lying bitch and I hate you so much right now.
And neither do you, you selfish bitch!
The name of her imaginary boyfriend (Into the phone) George Glass.What kind of a fucking name is He's pretty hot and he asked me out this weekend, so I said yes.
You had better fucking marry him, have fucking babies with him and then take him for fucking everything he's worth.
Details, bitch.
Damn it.
Eighth grade sucked.
(Beat.)
(More curious than angry) What did you say?
Is this one of those new curse words?
Shit.
Aren't you supposed to be eternally in love with him and shit?
I should play it straight until I get out of this hell and then I can be whoever I want to be.
You are on crack.
I want to live in that not- too-distant EMO world, but I still have another year of this bullshit place and I can't do it.
(Beat.)
That stupid dance!
Then you can fuck yourself.
You know, I always think it's so ridiculous on TV, when someone picks up the phone and magically seems to know who's going to be on the other end.
Y'know, you're really coming off as a little pious right now and you're kind of pissing me off.
Secondly, fuck you!
I was Laura Ingalls to your Lady Chatterly and, now all of a sudden, YOU feel the need to warn ME that I'M making a fool of myself?
And you're a jealous virgin.
What is wrong with you?
That snotty office aid has been bitching about her incessantly.
That either she sees that what she's doing is a sin and changes her behavior or that she gets the hell out of our school.
Am I in trouble?
But tell me: assuming there is a hell -- Ma'am, the Presbyterian Church recognizes the existence of hell.
Let's say hell exists.
As much as I want to say I hate Marianne.
I fucked up.
I fucking fucked up SO fucking bad.
I'm a fucking.... Fuck.
It sucks I know.
And I ruined it, so let me bear the financial brunt.
Olive, you're being stupid.
Fuck.
And here I am feeling SOOOO bad and THAT BITCH!
I hate you so much right now.
You guys fucking rock.
Fuck them.
As you were, gents.
What's wrong?
It's an outrage.
And bad.
Pirates!
And let this day be cursed by we who ready to wake... the *Kraken*!
Oh, shut it.
You're mad.
Your bravery is wasted.
Step to! Oh you coward!
Pirate.
Damn you, Jack Spar-*row*! EITC headquarters The last of our ships has returned.
If he gets in our fucking heads he'll drive us crazy.
Stay the fuck away!
(yells) Pimm! Get over here!
Fuck you.
Fuck!
Aah! Get away from the door!
Mud and shit?
Fuck you, Swann!
Fuck you!
What the fuck!? Shit! (to Butterfield) Don't touch him."
(to Harry) What were you doing up there?
Where the fuck is he?
I don't think he'd have given a shit.
No. He's just a guy who's got a nose for this shit.
(a beat.
Death.
(waking) What...? Shit.
Harry.
Harry.
Harry.
You never took a fucking vacation in your life, Harry.
(irritated) Valentin!
How the fuck does he do that?
(sarcastic) So what is it?
Harry.
I think we walk a narrow path, between... between... Heaven and Hell?
They weren't worth a damn.
(to Wilder) You damn fool.
He was a freak.
Evil.
He was evil.
Harry!
Left alone?
It's regrettable Fuck regrettable!
(sudden vehemence) He's a fucking liar.
It's Harry.
Harry!
Where the fuck are you?
Leave her alone -- Shut up!
Harry?
Wait! I'll tell you.
A lot of people are going to be really pissed off when they discover you're still alive.
How the fuck do you do that?
So you can fuck my wife?
You know, it's such a fucking waste.
It's me betrayed him.
And she shot him I I think that'd piss me off if I were Nix.
And he'll find you, wherever the fuck you are.
You think I'm an asshole.
(a warning) I can do a lot of shit, D'Amour.
Shit...
I saw it with my own fucking eyes!
We're shit.
(spooked) Jesus... what the hell's going on in there?
Fuck.
Everybody's got a fucking weak spot.
You know I'll kill you when we're done.
Harry?
I'm beyond Hell.
Come on... What the fuck?
Harry-?
CUSTOMERS, EMPLOYEES scream out.
Amidst the commotion... JENKINS' CAR navigates the scene, stops next to... KAREN CROSS immediately recognizes Conners, orders her CAMERAMAN to center on him.
(to Dekker) Cunt made her career off me.
Callo looks on, the RAGE boiling inside of him.
You destroy lives.
Fuck you.
Lorenz enters, shuts the door and REMOVES HIS MASK.
The doors are locked electronically from the inside.
Black Clad #1 and #4 drag the TWO RANDOM HOSTAGES, KICKING AND SCREAMING, towards the anchor/pulley!
(looking up at the windows) Holy shit...?! We're going in! No. Do not go in.
Couple hours ago you didn't give a shit.
After you've been through the shit I have, then you can judge me.
Stupid bastard.
A GUNSHOT BLOWS APART THE DOOR! Fired from the inside of the apartment!
Disappointed.
You were ready to fly the coop with "Shit-for-brains."
The tapes confirm five bad guys, but since the vault cam blew in the explosion what they did in there was a mystery.
MONITOR #5... IN THE VAULT, Black Clad #2 fires the explosives!
(to the officers) Take five, guys.
You fuckin' hypocrite.
You give me shit for my interrogating skills... least I don't threaten them with a lethal overdose.
Jealous?
So why break in?
Was it Harry?
That fat fuck!
Shit.
They'll break it.
Do you smell that?
It is a demon sent straight from hell that will never stop until you are dead.
What the fuck is that?
You old fuck!
With a desperate scream, he THROWS the match in the air as he DIVES for his guns, grabbing one in each hand.
He throws open the office door, wielding a fire iron.
He crosses to it.
Hate * it in others, but most of hate it * in yourself.
Locks on the windows, locks on the doors, locks on the locks.
Fucking Christ, Ryan- I couldn't talk earlier.
Gotta piss.
The fuck-?
Cut him.
Cut him!
Her silence remains defiant, while he boils with suppressed rage, picking up the blade.
Damn it, Ryan, I -- Listen to me, we don't have much time.
What the fuck's with the lights?
I don't have time for this shit.
Fuck me... What the fu-- They're not showing up on IR! Come on--come on-- Mika?
Fuck! GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 74.
Come on, Ryan... Hurry the fuck up! Motherfuckfuckfuck-- GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT 6/4/08 76.
Jurisprudence goes out the fucking window when my men get attacked.
Dammit.
There's a crowd of other OFFICIALS there, having turned the place into a makeshift command and control center.
Police and Europol cars scream up to the hotel.
There is a furious storm raging outside the thin screened walls.
We have been betrayed.
She refused these gifts.
As they immediately begin working on her, Raizo fades back.
...you gotta be fucking kidding me.
Damn! Damn! We, we saw you, um.
We... DAMN DAMN DAMN! Uh, hey, how tall are you anyway?! Jeez, SHUT up! Could you hear what I said?
Leo has your hat.
Ah, shit on the people and what they want and what they're ready for!
I don't give a goddamn about the people and what they want!
Send another damn cable!
Fitted.
I'm nauseated.
Oh my God damn!
Well, I'll be fucked.
You gonna have a chat now, with with the whole of the House of Representatives waiting on that?
Goddamn it, I'm voting yes.
No. (then, standing abruptly:) Oh to hell with it, shoot me dead too.
I object!
Don't you dare try that shit on me! Well -- what'll work, then?
Shit!
Fuck.
What are you, jealous?
What's wrong?
You don't like me, and I don't blame you -- you see a schlumpy energy- sucking defeated sack of shit sponging off your husband.
But my existence shouldn't make you this upset.
I'm up to my ass in investment guys, and you don't have their half-cocky, half-terrified line of bullshit.
Well, I can't pass a fucking test right now!
You can't tell me he's in this to improve the fucking planet.
What's wrong with him?
My boss started to hate me -- they offered me his job.
Headaches, throwing up...
What in that shit?
You fucking full of shit, Morgan.
What the hell are you doing up there?
You asshole... in my fucking Hi -- Have you got it?
What the fuck did you put me in the middle of--?!
Shit!
You fucking asshole-- Can he see you?!
Fuck your ten.
I won't deny you pissed me off, Eddie.
I realize that this is a useless platitude, but... if there's anything we can do... Obviously we want to be as helpful and respectful as possible.
Cagey fuck like him giving away power of attorney?
In an hour I'd be useless.
We shut your lab down this morning.
It puts me 50 steps ahead of you fucks.
What if I just ask the drug... how to tell the drug... how to fuck itself?
Killed every one -- an' not for food either... Why'd they do a thing like that?
We jump those Comanches, they'll kill 'em...
Ain't fit for rags!... Would it be all right if we gave him some of Brad's things?
I want you to know somethin'... (turning -- mad as hell) Yeah... you want me to know I ain't got no kin -- no money -- no horses -- nothing but a dead man's clothes to wear!...
You tole me that already... Now shut your head!
(almost in tears -- but angry) Go on then!
(explosively) YOU don't understand, ya chunkhead!
Keefer!... Put this man under arrest!
(He lies!
You lie!
(yelling) Sergeant MacCorry!
Shut your mouth!
No offense, you sound insane.
I don't give a shit if you're a stock-option billionaire.
You're expected you to put in ridiculous hours.
That's insane.
You look a little upset.
What's wrong?
You've been suspicious for a while.
And I hated him.
I hate being the Hollywood guy.
It's so limiting.
At first it's upsetting.
That's gotta kill him, right?
It's a fuckin' nightmare.
I was gonna quit anyway -- this way I get unemployment.
(agitated) What are you doing?
(incredulous) Why?
Noxious fumes.
Nick's gonna steal a t.v.
(to Beth) Where's he stealing it from?
I hate television.
(after a beat) Yeah.
(thrown) I get the t.v...? (cheerfully) Out back.
Shit.
(gently) He's an asshole.
(a half whisper) Fuckin' Nick... Nobody lives in that, right?
Shit.
(rubbing his eye) Fuckin' wind... Yeah.
Shit.
(after a beat, defensively) I know you want to fuck me.
(agitated) Shit.
Now I've got all this stuff to do, and I'm tired, I'm churned up, I'm in a fuckin' mood.
When my friends get drunk, they throw up and sleep on the floor.
(torn) Shit.
Shit.
Shit! (a moment of manners) Excuse me.
Shit! (accusingly) You're too late.
Shit! (bitterly) She didn't know.
(to Sid) Not really?! What? (w/ "say it ain't so" attitude) Did you fuck her?
Go after her! Leave him alone!
(after a beat) Fuck the ceiling.
You owe your goddamn job to this administration.
LOYALTY you motherfucking piece of shit!
Jesus Christ in Heaven... Please hold for the White House...Mr.
Where the hell are you?
Jesus Christ, guys.
What the hell's Khruschev thinking?
Who gives a shit about the midterms now?
Lying bastard.
Damn it, Kenny.
Goddamn it!
You're fucking crazy.
Nobody talks to assholes who inflame situations.
Assholes like that can find themselves cut out of the loop.
Bullshit, Bruce, nobody but Lean is making decent movies these days.
Oh shit.
Honey, you don't know what shit is.
I hate writing letters to parents.
You're fucking here right now because of the Kennedys.
Tell him to stick it to Zorin.
Then talk to your brother, goddamn it.
This idea is that fucking bad.
Is it Khruschev, or is this more bullshit?
I told you how stupid it was to float the Lippman article!
It's a deuce.
He gets it, but he's pissed.
We also tell them if they go public about it, we deny it and the deal is off.
Yes, she had cuts there... ... and on the neck, too... Excuse me, where shall I put this?
It's useless to keep on searching.
Into reverse.
Prick!
You're crazy!
You are selfish!
Studied whale- fucking.
Mad?Mad?
You f... You... fucking... fucking... family.
You fucking... family!
Oh, you... Oh... Shit! Hey, you!
Because you're angry, or you want to be alone with me?
Nauseating!
I'll save the asshole for you.
Rat's asshole with mayonnaise!
I want the pig to die while... while you're fucking him.
There are too many fucking flowers in this place.
You goddamn, fucking, pig-fucking liar.
I can't stand it... to see these goddamn things on your face.
This fucking shit.
Let go! Get the fuck out of here!
What the hell does that mean?
What the fuck difference does it make?!
I hate the country.
What do you mean you hate the country?
I hate it!
That's the limit!
That's ridiculous.
That's ridiculous!
Listen, that's not a subway strap, that's me cock!
You dumb bimbo... Shit! Wait a minute.
Goddamn it!
What the hell are you talking about?
Just because we know meanings of words we use them and we fool ourselves... people should use the dictionary more... look up words like good... bad... honest... loyal... especially loyal, I know what loyal means, and I have always been that... but does anyone care?
Only when it is expedient...
And you will deserve it because if you allow people like Herr Schmidt to got about his business of lying, and cheating, and being disloyal, one day all the Schmidts in Germany will turn on you and you will finish as the dumb little corporal you started as, and never know what hit you...
Straw hats and shorts!
(annoyed) They'll have to wait! You'd think, since he was coming over here anyway, the least he could do was bring the papers with him.
I'm sure if I asked him again he'd really become annoyed with me.
(annoyed at being bothered) Come in! (breaking the silence) What the hell are you doing here?
Then what are you doing out of the barracks?
If you don't watch that idiot, we may have to get him a keeper!
You're wasting your time.
(starting to fume) Hey... are you trying to fool us?
Leave him alone!
I'll starve.
(a little annoyed) Isn't that what you wanted?
His conscience bothered him.
What's the matter with you bastards anyway?
What're you so hot about?
The ungrateful...
Not his clown name, you idiot.
(shouting) Immediately!
What's wrong?
Why should that bother them?
It's too hot in here.
Personally! Immediately!
From my barracks.
(angry) Want to get me in trouble?
Leave them alone.
I don't see why the fuck the Fed is... Whoa, whoa, "fuck?"
I can see a "God Damn" or two but why skip all the way to "fuck" right off the bat?
Well, since we've broken the "Fuck Barrier," allow me to be blunt.
It is because I am so fucking smart that I make smart people feel like retards.
What say we scrape the shit off this cow's ass, fellas?
And as for the victim?
Man, I hate it when people say that.
With all due respect, Detective, this matter falls under whatever jurisdiction I fuckin' say it does.
And I can tell you that he is left handed and how shall I put this delicately...? He's a short bastard.
You motherfucker!
Oh, shit.
You guys are the fuckin'.... Oh, this is so fucking cool, man.
Shit, everybody does!
I mean, holy fucking shit!
That shit was NOT funny, man!
You two find bad guys doing bad shit and you kill them, right?
This shit's fate, man.
Mea fucking Culpa!
These guys have gone "mad dog" here.
So? So, it fits.
I could clear them of this murder, take the piss right out of this thing, keep the peace in the Commonwealth.
So, let's not let this one, small incident get in the way of... Shut up and get behind the fuckin' wheel!
Go fuck y'rself.
How the fuck would you know?
Fuck you.
I know shit.
What the fuck's he doin'?!
Shit! Tell him to go left, now!
This is a stupid plan!
Fuck you!
Holy...fucking...shit.
They call me...FUCK!...ASS!
Holy shit.
You fucking assholes!
Shit.
Now, what the fuck are you doing here?
You stupid motherfucker!
Now get the fuck outta here!
And don't come back here till I tell you to, you fat fucking waste of space!
That's horse shit.
Now, why would you go and do a damn fool thang like that?
Oh...that's fuckin' harsh.
It's where the fat fucking juedo gets his fake bake at.
Gimme my fucking bee bee gun.
What the fuck is going on, here?
What the hell does that mean?
It's Irish for "You're fucked."
Viva La Mejico, bitches!
I'm like born again and shit!
Who the fuck was that guy?! That, I suspect, was the shooter you boys have been looking for.
Fucking...what the fuck?! Who the fuck is this brawd?!
And what the fuck's going on, here?! Let's speed this up before your new sidekick's got to dig any deeper into his impressive vocabulary.
How are the lads?
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
So, even with all their old vendettas... ...I say fuck the Yakavettas.
Fuck you!
South End's been carrying your fucking asses for years!
In your dreams, asshole!
They'll serve up my balls over a plate of fucking spaghetti!
Fuck that.
We rip this city a new asshole.
What the hell's the matter with ya? Nothing!
This is not the time for you to be absorbin' shit!
I'm fucking red hot!
You ready fer dis shit, my dear brother?
(cocking .50
The fuckin' Eiger Sanction.
Too sacrilegious.
What are we at, a buffet, now?
That's fuckin' stupid.
Ding dong, motherfucker, diiiing dong!
Hey!Oh, shit!
If you hurt her, you piece of shit, I will kill you!
Do you fucking hear, me?
He could be in there all...touching her and shit!
(re: Jimmy) Did this little motherfucker...? Easy, David.
Yeah, professional moron.
The disrespect.
Hold your damn horses!
Throw dem over!
Throw dem over!
Call da fuckin' ambulance!
Fuck him and fuck his friend.
The guy fucked ya.
They finally fuckin' did it.
Shit, you were the ones that taught me that.
I want that little Bayou Bitch in here.
That doesn't mean a damn thing.
I can't believe this, I haven't gotten more than my hand in six weeks and now this shit.
Is the course locked in?
Locked and cocked.
(not breaking stride) Kill it.
This is Cooper, what the hell do you do on this ship, anyway?
She was lost with all hands, what, seven... Seven years ago, the reactor blew... How can we salvage...? Let the dead rest, man... ...cancel our leave and send us out on some bullshit mission...! EVERYBODY SHUT UP! Let the man speak.
Wrong.
(hands the ruined pin- up back to Smith) It's called a gravity drive.
(beat) Until now.
What the hell is that?
It sounds like Latin.Who the fuck speaks No one.
There's not enough radiation to throw off the scan.
Where the fuck are you?
Man, this shit is everywhere.
I can't see a damn thing.
(triumph) I got it... (trailing off in awe) Holy shit... Justin?
(radio) We have a man down... Coop, where are you... (radio) The containment, Second Containment... Hold on, Coop... (radio) Captain Miller... Smith, where the hell have you been?!
We are fucking dead.
It's insane.
"Insane?"
What's wrong?
Shit, Smith, you're going Biblical on me.
This ship is fucked.
He's fucking lying, you know something...! That's it, that's enough for one day, Smith!
I didn't say that, I said the bio- readings correspond to what happened to you, the ship is reacting to us... We're hanging on by our fingernails and you're giving me bullshit stories... It's not bullshit, it's the only conclusion the data supports... Starck, do you know how crazy that sounds?
What's wrong?
Oh... nothing... Sit down... Stop it!
You built this fucking ship and all I've heard from you is bullshit!
You're insane.
(beat) Fuck this ship.
I lost her once, I will not lose her again...! (intercom) Miller, come in ... Starck, what the hell is going on?
Fuck!
She won't let you leave... Son of a bitch!
We've got to shut it down, we've got to... How?
Then who the fuck are you?
You want me to believe you're the Devil, well, I don't, that's bullshit!
Go to hell.
You ain't the first person to call me a nigger when we was fucking.
They hate me because I seek beauty and appreciate destruction.
Who do you hate most in the world and why? (kind of bitchy) Why? Who cares?
God, I just wanted to come up here to say "hi" and get away from my parents' bullshit for like two seconds and you have to put the stupid camera in my face.
I heard that you got kicked out of college because you tried to talk your roommate into killing himself.
I swear to God, you're a fucking psycho.
I hated her too.
(screams) Please turn off the FUCKING CAMERA!
What the hell are you guys doing up there?
You're wasting your time and mine, Jimmy.
Gimme the Goddamn fucking camera!
Give me a break.
(bullies her) Tell me! (blows her top) Because we're both fucking weird!
Do you hate your parents?
As in flat chested.
That is so hot!
That is SO hot.
Fuck!
Are you ready for me, you fucking slut?
Hurry up bitch.
Come on slut.
What the fuck are you doing here?
(to his dad) I told you he would find out you fucking freak!
Turn off the that fucking camera!
Turn off that fucking camera right fucking now god damn it!
Turn off that fucking camera!
Fuck you!
You piece of shit! (laughing) Mom!
Call him Nancy...! Take me out to the ball game, take me out to the crowd, buy me some peanuts and crackerjacks... Give me that fucking tape!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
Turn that damn thing off.
Can't you give the thing a fucking rest?
Well fuck them and fuck you too if you think that.
I couldn't give a fuck what people say.
I do hereby solemnly swear to g... Mother fuckers.
God damn it, fucking stop!
Oh fuck, oh fuck.
Pop the fucking trunk already before someone sees us! (to self) I want to go home.
(screams; frustrated) Fuck! Jimmy, I... I'm driving.
Are you gonna fucking get in!
We can't leave him in the middle of the fucking ghetto.
I don't want him in my fucking car!
Oh shit!
It's the fucking cops.
(holds back a sob) I wanna fucking go home.
Yeah, God damn.
Burning bodies fucking stinks.
So like you should go see him and shit.
Shut up you fat fucking junkie and take your clothes off or you ain't getting shit.
Keep filming mother fucker, I'm gonna fuck this junkie for you.
You getting good camera angles and shit?
(laughing it up) Take off them panties bitch... Oh yeah!
Come on bitch.
You think so? Fuck yeah!
If that's what you're into, then fuck it, I'll... Take it!
He deserves a bullet right in the fucking face, doesn't he? (nervous, cranked out) Yeah.
Let's get this sum bitch started!
Do you Jimmy promise to always fuck Judy with enthusiasm, to take a shower once a day, and promise not to inject your penis into any part of another person's body as long as you both shall live?
Hurry up Jimmy, hurry, hurry, hurry, shit Jimmy.
Shhhh... Shut up! ...from Burlington, Kentucky are wanted for questioning in the alleged murder of a Hamilton County Sheriff's Deputy that was killed two nights ago while on Patrol in the Over the Rhine section of Cincinnati.
You're such a fucking pig when you eat.
What's wrong?
Shit.
Time to get up little fuck nugget.
I hate it when you do that.
No filming that shit.
BUDDY (cont'd) Don't even go near there with the camera, and two is no cops, but fuck, seeing what kinda shit you guys got into, I don't think we gotta worry about you calling 'em up for a visit.
Other than that, ya'll can do whatever the hell you want, whenever the hell you want.
But no one up here's in a fucking hurry.
Shit man.
What the fuck does that mean?
Shit man, I'll give you two weeks and you'll WANT her to experience him.
We're societal garbage.
And every week one of you shows up here, disillusioned, addicted, angry, pissed 'cuz they tossed you aside... into the garbage.
(screaming) What the fuck are you doing?! Jimmy, Jimmy! (laughing) Shut it, bitch!
Judy! Shut up, asshole!
You wanna fucking talk! (defiant) Fuck you!
Is he fucking dead?
Who the fuck...! Hey! Judy, Judy, wake up.
Fucking wake up! (faint) Hey! Hey! Judy wake up.
Judy? (freaks) Shut up!
(screams) Well we fucking can't, so pull the fuck over!
See, Sherri, this is frustrating for me, okay.
She hated my family.
(inappropriately angry & loud) That's right.
They fuckin' own the papers, smartass.
Dad how can you hate "the Colonel?"
Shit. (teasing him) Charlie, they're beautiful.
(startled) Aaaahhh! (after a pause) To warn you, Charlie.
I know, and it's a damn shame.
And that's what's irritating, you're too nice.
Once a week you should routinely haul my ass into your office, accuse me of being a maverick and complain to me that you're sick and tired of defending my screwball antics to the commissioner.
(defensively) What?
(pounding his head with his fists) I'm for shit, I'm one insensitive asshole.
He hated it.
I gotta go! Yeah, screw this one up Spiletti and you'll be writing parking tickets for the rest of your days.
She's a butcher.
A storm.
She is the murderer.
(screams) AAAhhhhhhh!
What the hell is this?
What the fuck?! Charlie.
Shells.
In a fight?
(flat) I won't again.
Lednov killed him.
Will you quit gabbin' and do what you're told.
Put my guns down and get out of here -- Ed -- no, Ed.
(protesting) One night more won't matter.
Throw that junk in the wagon.
U-n-i-c-o-r-n-... What in heck's that?
We have to get to that User and shut him - or her - down, or the game never ends.
A plasma reaction destroyed this lab.
What a dump.
We're going to find Tron and shut him down.
Desist!
I hate you.
You ram hog!
HANG ON!
The same guy I programmed Tron to shut down.
Same one you've been sucking up to.
You destroyed Tron.
Then... Why were you imprisoned?
Ambush!
I'll be damned.
Shove it!
Where will they strike?
He cocks his disk and THROWS.
Plexor fumes.
He throws his disk behind his back, takes out an approaching X-Net goon.
He steals the X-Takk's NEGABYTE BLASTER and mows down three X-Takks, saving trapped Boole.
Captain Grumpy.
Guilty.
I hate the number 13. Hate it.
Somber, expressionless.
What's wrong?
She grabs it from his hand and throws it.
Shuts down computer.
Shuts the lid.
(On phone) Damn it!
Shit! You're late, Pizza Boy.
Portnoy's Complaint?
Hated to end it.
What a dame.
Where'd you get the hat?
But they worked up all this bullshit against me and they threw me in the pen for three months.
Because then I come back here, and I tell you about my fuckin'... traumas, and I get this wounded little "I've Let You Down" bullshit, over and over again, and it really just -- cramps me!
And here I am back in this fuckin' hole explaining myself to you again!
Come on, Sammy, can we not talk about that shit?
I cleaned the whole fucking house so it would look nice for you!
It pushes on my neck.
It pushes on my neck.
He was a prick.
God damn, Rudy.
Ow! Shit!
I didn't change the colors on your stupid computer screen.
Yes, the fucking plumber came.
(Pause) Plus, Terry... (Whispers) I fucked my boss...! What?
But he's so freaked out that he disobeyed your orders that he has to fuckin' squeal on me and I have to listen to your fuckin' shit all day when I didn't even fuckin' do anything!
OK? Second of all, I don't really give a shit if you took him to play pool: I was mad at you because you left him standing at the bus stop in the rain.
I got a new rod and reel, five lures, I got a hat, I got a knife and I got a fish scaler.
I realize that you're mad at me -- (Deadpan) I'm not mad at you...but he didn't do anything to you.
Maybe it'd be better if you told me how I'm endangering my immortal soul, and if I don't quit I'm going to burn in hell.
What the hell are you doin'?
You're still a fuckin' asshole.
I'm an asshole?
Get your fuckin' hands off him...! And you're not the boy's legal guardian?
You're gonna have to step back and just calm down -- (To RUDY SR.) You're a lyin' fuckin' piece of shit.
He started the whole thing and you're arresting me?
Brian -- What the hell happened to you today, lady?
And he doesn't need you to rub his face in shit because you think it's good for him.
I know I got a little carried away, and I lost my temper just a little bit -- which is not the end of the world either, by the way, just for future reference --And now she's kickin' me out of my own house because -- you know, because I fucked up a little bit.
I know I'd -- And to working things out with this tough new son of a bitch boss of yours.
...I don't wanna trade insults with you.
Their lives are ruined now!
I damn well should!
we were shut up in the train for an hour!
I dare say, but if I'm not to dance with you, I'm getting out of this operetta and going home.
This is wrong.
I renounce it.
You a soldier!
But I'm damned anyway.
You are going to say my concern is unneces- sary and ridiculous.
I am his mistress.
I told him I'm your mistress.
but she will be nobody's wife, she'll be ruined.
How is your mistress?
and now I'm doing kitchen maid's work because Nadya's parents won't let her set foot in this house, and who can blame them!--it's indecent!
The doctor here is useless--get me a doctor from Moscow.
It's a disgrace!
Are you ill?
Why lie about it?
Why the hell would I want a new car?
Blow up?! Are you guys crazy?
(laughing it off) Shut up, Chris.
Fuckin' up the scenery, breakin' my mind.
A car slows to a stop.
And we've had a lot of accidents on this road from people stopping in the traffic lane for hitchhikers.
You're in the traffic lane.
Chris can't bring himself to lie.
Politicians and pricks.
Blood and fire!
Blood and fire...What?
(Director's note: Cast a "Kevin" who knows this shit and shoot it as a dialogue scene as well as a silent tableau.)
POST LAP MUSIC FADES OUT as we: (to Chris, as he lowers himself down the man-lift) I gotta take a piss.
I got mad.
The stupid dams dried it up.
He tries to pay the hunters for their time but they refuse the money.
The place is packed with a line out the door.
We are TIGHT on the PUNCHCLOCK as Chris' timecard comes into frame and is punched out.
Lori, I'm punching out.
Son, what the hell you running from?
Shit! Chris, cooking rice.
So what's wrong?
Don't give me that bullshit.
Are you going to quit?
So you were unhappy?
I -- Shit.
You had your gun, why didn't you shoot them?
Two police officers were killed.
The two officers who were killed.
There's a curse on you.
Fuck.
Then what do you have to lose?
Who killed her? You? No! Don't lie to me.
He was screaming to the girl that... ...his nephew was killed in the exchange.
And the money was stolen.
He was crazy.
He was screaming about the money and his dead nephew.
You stole the drop.
Strips of paper!
Everything got fucked up when I killed the cops and Tazinari saw an opportunity.
He's the man, 'the Boss?' My guys got into the house on the pretext of giving cholera shots.
We bugged the house and stole the picture of him.
You're lying.
Goddamn you.
OVERS bring in furniture, placing a big glass table in the he elevator stops on the ground floor, the door slides open t other floors, people get on and off until it's just Derek Gage/Bendix?
(lowers his voice) Kind of an asshole, takes himself waaaay too seriously.
I'll get my revenge.
About Derek Charles being an asshole.
Damn.
What's wrong?
Lakers suck.
Derek makes (with humor) Well, if it isn't the Office Asshole.
That's Mister Office Asshole to you.
I'm gonna take a piss and sneak out.
He's a son of a bitch.
She grabbed your cock?
I mean, I kinda got she was interested but I never figured she'd... What the hell did I do?
I didn't do a damn thing.
You're crazy... sick.
Where the hell are you, bro?
Shit.
We woke up a little grumpy this morning, didn't we? ISA (cont'd) Derek, what is wrong with you?
(in hell) Fuck... fuck... fuck.
Now either go inside and tell them your bullshit lies or get the hell out of here.
Hit me.
Damn you, Derek.
Damn you.
She's crazy.
What's wrong?
I really don't care whose dick you sucked last night.
ot until I've given you the beating of your life... bitch.
Gimmicky bastard.
I don't know how she puts up with this damn speech impediment of mine.
I piss orange.
I don't want to be your godamn link, damn you.
Meet me at the Juicy-Juice Juice Bar after work today and I'll spill my goddamn guts for you.
Shit.
Another evil secret of the 7 1/2 floor.
Holy shit.
What the hell?
Where am I? Holy shit!
Shit!
John fucking Malkovich!
Fuck pets.
Fuck everything else.
What, are you nuts?
I'm getting rid of the fucking animals.
Fuck Maxine.
You're evil, Maxine.
I'm your Goddamn wife.
Suck my dick!
Now that's hot.
Break it up!
What the fuck is going on?
(as Malkovich, breaking through) No! Please! (as Craig, to Malkovich) Shut up, will you?
(to Malkovich) You bastard!
I should get the door.
He's a selfish bastard.
Blasphemous bastard.
Nothing more than a Goddamn clown.
So what difference does it make if John Malkovich is wearing the fucking crown while it's reigning?
(to himself) Shit.
I hate it when they try to stretch.
You'd better turn on the pyrotechnics, lover, 'cause right now you're running neck and neck with the dead president.
Here ... Sssh ... Sssh ... Calm now ... Lie back.
(blood boiling) Bastard is stealing my thunder.
I'm a terrible mother!
Hostile?
Thelma, do you know where I could be in this business if I had a wife that entertained or went out socially Oh for shit's sake, Ted, you are the most selfish human being I have ever met.
She didn't take him with her? (stunned, quiet) Oh Shit.
(bullshit) Okay, I'm going to tell you... It's like this.
I catch all kind of shit at the office because I'm not pulling my weight because I'm busting my butt trying to be a decent goddamn father and I'm sorry.
I hate it.
I hate the brown stuff.
(getting pissed off) Oh, for God's sake... Here.
Do you know what I had to go through to put this goddamn food on the goddamn table?
I hate it.
I hate you...
I hate you... (seething) You're no bargain either, pal.
I want mmmy... mommy... (at the door) Tough shit.
I don't give a damn.
Ted, if you can't discuss this rationally - (getting to his feet) Joanna, go fuck yourself!
Mr. Shaunessy, I'm telling you it's an open and shut case.
First, there's no such thing as an open and shut case.
You've hired yourself a hell of a lawyer, Mr. Kramer.
I swear Murray and I did everything we could, but those sons of bitches were out for blood.
Objection.
He refuses to discuss it in any serious way.
I was getting more and more... unhappy, more and more frustrated.
Is that so awful?
Objection.
Objection!
Do you have a lover now? (furious) Objection!
Objection!
Objection!
He stole that from Kipling.
Well shit.
That's what he does, he writes his cons the way dead Russians write novels, with thematic arcs and imbedded symbolism and shit.
This was a big shit sandwich.
Fuck.
That's what - the Taj Majal taken by a fat tourist with diarrhea and a point- and-shoot camera can be the flattest, dullest, "here's us at the Taj Majal," "Oh lovely lets go stick our thumbs up our asses" picture.
Well shit.
I know you like to throw those clever little details in, but you've gotta watch that shit with her Stephen.
Gin is fuckin fruity.
So this is all like fuckin `whatever' to you.
That's offensive.
In your fuckin soul.
You've got a big load of grumpy petrified poop up your ass, I'm just calling you out on it.
I'm a fuckin smuggler.
If that's your thing, fuckin tell it like you own it.
When you've got a spotlight in front of your feet, man, fuckin jump into it and dance the shit out of it.
Stop fuckin thinking so much.
Enjoy the fuckin ride.
Fuck.
The train steams onward into the growing storm.
The Chink, in ridiculous tourist garb and a "PROPERTY OF KGB" t-shirt, takes pictures with one of several cameras around her neck.
Who the hell is that?! Who is it?! Candy-Gram.
Who the hell are you, what do you want, who the hell!!!!?? Max! Max! It's us, Bloom, Max! Max! It's Stephen and Stephen, Jesus, Max, easy, Bloom, easy, whoa, Christ, whoa! whoa now!
So how do you steal the book?
The book is already stolen.
On the back of the Chink's neck, a few finely scripted lines of Chinese.
The Chink lies on the floor with Penelope, showing her how to build a tiny remotely detonated bomb.
With a BEEP, a tiny poof of fire plumes from the handbag setting it on fire, and the smoke rises to the ceiling.
Be angry at me, you son of a bitch.
A beat.
Much more sad than angry.
Disappointed.
With all your random expertise we couldn't risk a flat out fake.
Oh shit.
STEPHEN (cont'd) First they ambush our car, destroying the money.
Alright, fuckin stop.
I hate him Stephen but this isn't that, this is I don't trust him.
Steal our fake money?
I'll be damned.
(closes case) Ruskies wouldn't be caught dead handing over a rag bag like this, it should be a steel attache.
Penelope screams.
Or angry at him.
Bloom reaches the Bug and throws the door open.
He punches the dashboard.
There's another possibility that I should of, I'm a fucking idiot.
Son of a bitch.
Who told you to fire?
Who told you to fucking fire?
Fucking Hungarian amateur!
Beat.
You little prick Esterhase.
You may fuck me, Belinda, but you still have to call me sir in the morning.
BANG!
There is a knock at the door.
(Protesting "cabal") Control... Shut up, Esterhase.
Your bloody Yanks! (Shouting) And we've had enough!
He starts to strip the girl of her uniform, amused by her efforts to keep her clothes on.
We're gliding above the respectable front of a Business OFFICE, through the RECEPTION - which maintains the cover story of an Import/Export outfit... ...over a back-room and through a STEEL DOOR to the CYPHER ROOM beyond where we find a drunk TUFTY THESINGER watching Tarr send a CODED MESSAGE.
They want to know what the hell you're doing.
What the hell are you doing up here?
(Beat) Well, damn.
Kept harping on about the damn wife!
Richard puts the flat keys on the side table and leaves.
A KNOCK AT THE DOOR.
We don't go crowing about their fuck-ups!
Why are we...? Guillam gives him a sudden VIOLENT SHOVE in the back.
Don't trust a fucking one of them.
Bung him a few quid to shut him up.
Damn it!
This is my row.
A goddamn bottle of beer.
Then you'll get pissed at him and he'll get pissed at you.
Fuck me.
Now get in the fucking pod.
You just don't pull this shit with the United States.
You're goddamn right we can resolve this ourselves.
He's dead then.
And if he's dead?
When I ran Specops in `Nam, I ordered the destruction of a V.C. munitions dump.
This is a dead end.
Get on the floor, now! (wonderment) The President.
That's right, asshole.
(a few beats) Okay.
Do you know what the word "asshole" means.
Yes, I am an asshole.
What the hell... (murmuring) Out of fuel.
You're pointing a gun at me.
cross it...
(looks at Serge) What the hell are you doing up here?
Mr. President, how the hell did you get on board?
What are their demands?
Where's that goddamn plane?
We're trying to get through to their Central Command.
Where the hell are we?
Leave immediately.
Then tell him to get the fuck out of Iraq.
Shit.
We're hit.
Now with your permission can we lead you the fuck out of here.
Who's flying the fucking plane?
Oh shit.
Hang on.
Oh shit.
I cheated on her.
Shit... oh well.
Fuck you, Nick.
I don't give a fuck -- It's true.
Fuck you, fuck Cleveland, and fuck your contracts -- I need a rest.
You fucking should be -- Don't be.
Come on, you chicken shit motherfucker.
Shit.
You're too fucking slow.
Fuck!
Shut up! Son of a bitch.
How'd you cut yourself?
So, get the hell out!
Holy fucking shit!
If either of us fucks around, the other can blow the fuel line.
Boy, that's fucking genius.
You're a fucking genius.
Holy shit!
Two long fucking years.
Shit, I hate wigs!
Everyone says you're so fucking good.
Shit if I was you, back there -- Game over.
When I first heard you used that, I thought, shit, that's a lady's gun.
Jesus, this has been driving me crazy for years -- shit, listen to me.
They say he's living on some Greek island, but I say that's fucking bullshit.
Jesus fucking Christ!
Who the fuck cares about Cleveland.
That's fucking sweet.
Tricky.
Get on the expressway.
Who the fuck are you?
A fucking pro.
What in the hell do you know?
Oh shit.
Dammit.
Oh, you sick little bitch -- Fuck me! Want a drink?
Oh shit, Nikita.
How? How in the fuck do you know that?
I don't give a fuck what you are.
I asked you -- (types) How in the fuck do you know that?
You're dead, motherfucker.
Cheap as shit.
I hate bishops.
That's a ridiculous move.
Shit.
What in the fuck are you doing in there?
Jesus, Bain, baby, chill the fuck out.
Waiting... this is insane.
This is fucking insane.
Fucking God dammit!
Shit.
How'd you fucking know?
What does that fucking mean?
It bothered you, but you didn't care.
Yeah you are and you hate it.
You hate the fact that your hand is shaking and mine isn't.
If you think you can take me, quit fucking bullshitting and try it.
Shit.
You think I would be an idiot to pass up five million dollars.
You don't know a fucking thing about me.
You don't have the slightest fucking clue.
And here I am, sitting through this, knowing it's bullshit, looking at you and the only thing going on in my mind, the only thing I can think is that, in just a few minutes I'm going to take you.
Let's fucking go! Electra?
Mouth closed, eyes shut.
Where'd you get those, traitor?
(a look; knows that) No, I mean... the step, the... Asshole.
Asshole beaucoup.
Hell yeah, I know him.
Hit me and shut the hell up.
But their shit's over.
Shoot.
Aww, shit.
Shut the fuck up and step your lame ass off, Snookie.
Not at this motherfucker.
Judge says it's school or JuVee and I sure as hell ain't goin' back there.
Shit.
Hell-the-fuck yeah, man.
Hungry and Healthys.
Gimme that '89 Madonna shit.
You do the shit to yourself, man.
How 'bout fuck it?
I mean, there's this guy... Patrick enters to hear CHRISTOPHER SCREAMING his lungs out.
He was screaming, Chenille.
Boo the fuck hoo.
She got scraped off the highway for me, for my fucking audition.
I was mad.
It was my stupid dream and it killed her.
I got my own shit.
Shit.
(as Malakai laughs) You think this shit's funny?
Fuck you, Lip.
Nut.
Who the hell are you to tell me how to come off?
Sara marches up to Roy, furious.
I hate being your daughter.
You ruin everything.
Snarls.
Now you mad.
So keep your hands off her and that shit to yourself.
Chenille's too mad to see it.
All you do is bitch and complain about what I don't do.
Chenille stands there, mad at him.
Mad at herself.
That wench.
Triflin' bitch.
Did that bitch lie to me! Talk to me, Patrick!
(sucks her teeth) You ain't through with that fool yet.
You were wrong, too.
I hate that word.
Those idiot producers!
That's ridiculous.
We shut off the gas in her bed- room.
A few evenings later we That idiot.
Stop it, Artie, will you?
I hate to think where that puts me.
I'm very angry.
Honest to goodness, I hate you.
What's wrong?
Was it a sudden quarrel?
Did you hate him?
AIDAN (cont'd) I can't deal with this brooding introvert shit anymore man.
Tease.
She hangs up.
Shit.
Beat.
A beat.
Loses again.
He's visibly frustrated now.
Beat.
Beat.
Your parents are pretentious as hell.
Now... I'm furious.
You should quit anyway.
Beat.
Damn, you're not naked.
From Aidan's room, a pathetic croak... Bialy.
Holy crap.
Diane rises, dumping him to the floor.
Shit.
He lied to me.
They're executives.
Is he dead?
It's fucked -- now will you please tell I.A. that I'm just you average healthy totally fucked-up cop and let me get out of here?
Sixteen stab wounds to the chest and neck.
She's going to say Do you think I'd be dumb enough to kill anyone in the exact way I've described in my book?
Did you kill Mr. Boz, Ms. Tramell?
I'd have to be pretty stupid to write a book about a killing and then kill him the way I described in my book.
Even though you were fucking him.
Multiple stab wounds.
(quietly) Shit.
(behind him) Ain't you go nothin' better to do than to come in here and jack off the damn machine?
He was her counselor.
(suddenly angry) Damnit!
You owe me more than that?
(a beat) Okay.
I lost my temper.
I'll ask you once, Nick -- for the record did you kill him?
Like writing a book about killing a guy gets you off the hook for killing him.
(expressionless) 'Morning.
(after a beat) She's seen me fuck plenty of other guys.
I told her it was the fuck of the century.
(loud) Say what?
What is it -- those goddamn tourists -- you still feel so bad about that you're wigglin' your way into an icepi -- (suddenly louder) We got too many goddamn tourists comin' here anyway -- plenty more goddamn tourists where they goddamn came from.
How the fuck do I know?
Number five You can go fuck yourselves because I'm out of here.
I was experimenting.
You saw all the reports, Beth! (after a beat) What do I say -- Hey, listen, guys, I'm not gay, but I did fuck your suspect.
It was the fuck of the century, Shooter.
What in hell's the matter with you?
Where the hell you goin'?
(screaming) Put your hands up! (screams) Put your fucking hands up! Don't move.
What? (screams) Take your hands out of your pockets!
You were frowning.
Don't you dare quit on me, you piece of shit.
What the fuck?! Hey, man, don't... (to the Woman) Be quiet and sit up.
(barks) Whoa, Earl, what the fuck is this?!!
Where the fuck is Atwood?! I called ten minutes ago, they said she was on her way.
(under his breath) She's nuts!
Bite yourself.
So we have a copycat?
Leaving them like this, he must have been angry at them for some reason.
Oh, shit.
You fucking asshole!! I'm in the middle of a fucking murder investigation!! (backing away) Hey, take it easy lady, I'm just the messenger.
College is a waste of time for me.
While we were married, while I paid for him to live, the son of a bitch fucked every woman he could get his hands on.
He's killed people in twelve other states, let them fuck up those investigations.
What is wrong with me?
What is wrong with me?
What is wrong with me?
And you should be if you're... Jesus Christ!! Fuck him!!
It was his fault!! What an asshole!! (leans forward) Maybe Mr. Smith would like to kill the driver of the pickup.
Oh, fuck, yes!! I've always wanted to kill someone who fucked with me in traffic.
An asshole's an asshole.
You're such a fucking snob, Earl.
It was stolen last night.
And your ego can handle that?
Yeah, I am upset.
Should you lie down?
You get pissed at me because I'm always the one arguing to go ahead and do murder.
Well fuck you then.
However, I have a fucking hunch this guy Baffert does.
You pissed yourself back there, you left your DNA at the scene of a double homicide, and there's nothing to indicate that I was ever there.
It says here the Thumbprint Killer is a monster... annoys you a little bit that you can't take credit, doesn't it?
This is bogus.
Don't take it personal but if I catch you in here again you're banned from the ballpark.
(stops, exasperated) What?!
He hit .314
(beat) And he hit the Radio Announcer, a Sportswriter, and the Bull Mascot twice -- also league records -- (beat) Joe, the guy's got some serious shit.
Damn, Crash, how're ya?
Sit down I'm too old for this shit.
Why the hell am I back in "A" ball?
-- we had the gun on him tonight -- the last five pitches he threw were faster than the first five.
(beat) Beats hell outta working at Sears.
My Triple A contract gets bought out so I can hold the Flavor o' the Month's dick in the bus leagues?! (angrily) Fuck this fucking game...
I fuckin' quit.
You wanted to see me? Yeah, Ed, shut the door...
Utterly fucking hopeless.
I believe in the soul, the cock, the pussy, the small of a woman's back, the hanging curve ball, high fiber, good scotch, long foreplay, show tunes, and that the novels of Thomas Pynchon are self-indulgent, overrated crap.
Well shit, then, let's fuck.
The armies of those I love engirth me and I engirth them -- " We gonna fuck or what?
Jimmy, God damn it -- loosen up and get laid.
Does she fuck as good as they say?
It's more tiring than fucking.
Get outta your fuckin' head, Crash.
Don't let him in your kitchen -- You stupid fuck, Crash.
Fuck me.
Stay back, you dumb fuck.
Throw that shit again, meat.
You're terrible!
Hey! (coming over) What're you guys doing here -- stealing my girl?
You a God damn witch?
I'm 0 for 16! Gimme some of that shit.
Throw what you wanta.
"To announce your fucking presence with authority"?
Guy hit the shit outta that one, eh?
An' he scrambled the son of a bitch.
I'm having a blast.
I hate people who get the words wrong.
You got a Hall of Fame arm but you're pissing it away.
God damn it I'm sick of you calling me "Meat"!
Calm down, Crash... Teach me how to throw a breaking ball.
God damn it!
Damn kids!
For seven bucks it better be some serious shit.
(beat) What the hell does that mean?
If he had a good breaking ball, I'd respect the shit outta him.
This in ridiculous.
I need some serious "z's" -- The pingala is the nostril used for throwing a baseball.
(a bit angry) How was that?
Gimme the God damn ball! (cynically) How ya like that?
Your delivery was fully integrated because you weren't thinking about it 'cause you were pissed off at me. (beat) This is progress.
Hot.
(beat) God has a dick, man.
God damn it, Jimmy, you're an expert -- does God have a dick or a pussy?
If there is a God, why am I hitting .200? Shut up!
This is a damn noisy clubhouse for a team that's lost 15 straight.
Of course I'm seducing you for Godsakes, and I'm doing a damn poor job of it -- (beat) Aren't I pretty?
Cute?! I hate cute!
What the hell's going on?
You breathing through the wrong fucking nostril again?
I'll take the curse off the son of a bitch!
Shit.
Don't worry, man, this umpire's a God damn racist.
What the hell's going on out there?
It's a damn convention.
What the hell's going on out here?
God damn It, Jack, he still ain't touched the plate.
No! I said It was a cock-sucking call and you can't run me for that!
...I've never seen Crash so angry and frankly, Bull fans, he used a certain word that's a "no-no" with umpires... Crash musta called the guy a cocksucker God, he's so romantic...
Don't tell him I told you -- he'd break my neck.
Club's expanding its roster to finish the season -- Shut up.
I hit .371.
He hit .371
Let's have a drink and forget this -- God damn it, you fucking virgin prick -- step outside.
You fuck!
Why am I a fuck?
Why are you a fuck?
...God damn...
I forgot my fucking shoes.
(drunken, mad) You know what the difference is between hitting .250
and hitting .300?
Yeah... you a witch?
That was crazy!!! (continuing) Ahh, damn.
You'd be expelled from the Order.
It would destroy us.
(in Huttese) Shut down.
Hang on.
The Chancellor means well, M'Lady but he is incompetent.
That it would destroy our lives...
Foul!!
It's on my box.
Stop with this spaceman thing.
It's getting on my nerves.
Are you saying you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command?
I got dibs on his hat!
Well, if YOU hadn't shown up in your stupid little cardboard spaceship and taken away everything that was important to me -- Don't talk to me about importance.
(incredulous) WHAT?!! What are you talking about?! Right now, poised at the edge of the galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire planet.
The claw.
Stop it, you zealots!
She's lying!
It should be good for hours -- Oh, you idiot!
Oh, quit your whining and pay up.
How about we DON'T?! Hey?!! Potato Head!? Did you all take stupid pills this morning?! Have you forgotten what he did to Buzz?
Murderer!
Woody?! Are you alright?! (punch-drunk) No, I'm fine...I'm okay... Oh, yeah!
(annoyed) Stupid dog.
The batteries!
The rocket!
Mr. Crawford, what do you say you give me the gun - so I can pay more attention to what you're saying?
We were arguing - and I got the gun.okay - I hear you And I shot her in the head.
You asshole!
You are so full of shit.
Grapevine has it the punch-line is Wooton Sims.
Your gun in that Palisades shooting is no good.
And between the shooting and arrest, this guy was locked inside his house.
No. (Beat) Does it bother you that I call you Willy? (Lies) No. I'd like you to consider becoming my lawyer.
I don't need the gun to convict you, by the way.
Fucking the victim.
(Low) Oh - shit.
Rob?
First he provokes the witness with an outrageous allegation - My Dick has evidence.
I call him Dick.
(Beat.
This is insane!
What the hell were you thinking.
(Angry) What was I supposed to do?!
You didn't warn me you were stupid.
What did he do: rip open a door frame, hide the gun inside and re-plaster the wall before SWAT showed up?
Now and then you get to put a fucking stake in a bad guy's heart.
Shit!
It's a crime.
Sometimes we have to tape their eyes shut.
Less traffic.
Anybody asks - you'll have to tell them.
No? Then I'm in for a - rude awakening.
Like a bank shot, on a pool table: you kill your wife - and destroy her lover.
I mean, you don't want him wondering where the hell four bullets went, considering he never fired his gun that night.
65330 dash 99.
Hell, we're equipped -- Hell, no!
Kill drive engines.
What the hell happened?
What's wrong?
(startled silly) Hell!
Hell, that thing's been dead for years.
(into intercom) Martin, I'm by the inner lock door!
What the hell's going on?
I mean, you brought the goddamn thing in here.
I mean, we can't leave the damn thing on him.
How about cutting it off?
As long as we're careful not to damage it... (leaping back) Shit!
Damn, we made it!
I feel like an escapee from Hell.
Quit complaining; we're in space.
You know what they make this stuff out of? (annoyed) Yes, I know what they make it out of, so what?
Do we have to talk about this kind of crap at the dinner table?
What's wrong?
(screaming) What Dell -- what ?
Shit... We'll have to catch it and eject it from the ship.
Give it a hell of a shock.
(snaps) Don't be an idiot.
God damn it.
It'll flood the whole ship!
Are you crazy ?
Dead.
Dead!
Blow the lock.
Faust got himself jammed in the air lock door.
At least we're rid of the damn monster.
Do we ignore it and finish loading the explosives into the boat -- or do we flush it out now? Now.
What's wrong?
Engines will explode in 90 seconds!
Engines will explode in 60 seconds!
Try a little of this, you fucking bastard.
Just keep your mouth shut, and your mind on those SMBs -- Actually, the engines are SMEs.
You are trouble.
You're hot!
Sue.
What the hell am I? 'Cause I sure ain't Ben anymore.
Sue.
Damn, Stretch!
Who killed the party?
I don't think She's real big on hate.
Damn it, Johnny.
Whispering behind your back...
Ben! Stop it!
Well then this'll be one hell of a basejump.
Sue.
Sue, I need some of that anger, rage, frustration -- (looking at Doom) I'm sure I can come up with something.
Fuck you, Tywan.
Whad-up, G? (to rest of class) Hey, shut up! Y'all too damn loud, man!
(to Auggie) Shut up, foo.
(shuts the book) Have the textbook room charge him for the book.
(more laughs) I ain't pickin' dat shit up.
(whirls in his seat) Shut yer mouth, hood rat! School girl bitch!
(reacting) Ain't none a' yer damn business.
Shit.
He's their counselor.
I got tenure and I'm still out here in the damn bungalows.
When they say they wanna kill you, you'd best take it serious.
You're fuckin' with my piece, puto.
Okay? (to Cesar) Eh, shut up, mojado!
I said shut up! Shut the fuck up! (reacting to message) I don't have no time to put up wit' 'dis shit!
I don't call my P.O. in 15 minutes, I'm fucked.
Don't get me wrong, Benny's made my life a living hell.
I resent that.
You refuse to be beaten.
(like it's above him) I ain't gonna read 'dat shit.
Stoopit bitch.
You like her, Mr. G? (shrinking) Shut up! (genuinely) Settle down, everyone.
(beat) Mr. Sanchez and Mr. Littleton tell me you've accused them of stealing your watch.
(with fervor and frustration) It's a gang thing.
But I'm kickin' dat shit... Jus' cuz I look down for my neighborhood don't mean I'm stupit.
Am I lying?
Bitch.
That I broke into your locker to steal back the watch you denied taking?
(venting rage) Puto!
You lied to Benny.
Pinche madre... he hates my guts, man!
(lying) Yeah, yeah.
Lemme save yuh from perjuring yourself, asshole... You're full of shit.
For reals! (turns to leave) C'mon, this guy's wasting our time.
You should keep your door locked.
Steals money from her purse?
Cesar killed him.
Pretending now.
Thinks he's funny... (digressing) ... Speaking of blowing, you ever wanna fuck a high school girl, Garfield?
... Go to hell, Dave.
Doesn't say a damn word.
You son of a bitch.
Deep down inside Childress knows he's a pathetic piece of shit... Trevor pulls into his driveway, right up to the garage door.
(on the verge of tears now) What's it fuckin' matter?! 'At school shit's for other kids, not me!
Shut up! Cesar stares at him.
I pulled three times, you pussy, you leva, you coward!
I realize that now... (furious) ... I was a teacher!
Macho is bullshit, fool!
Your whole way of life is BULLSHIT!
Cesar explodes to his feet and screams right back.
Aw, shit!
He dissed me.
So fuckin' what, man!
Fuck dis shit!
I'm 'onna beat 'dis bitch...
Traitor.
What the hell is the point of having a beeper if you don't turn it on?
No one knows what the hell is going on.
Damn it, Marty.
What the hell is this?
So sue me.
LUCAS (cont'd) Where the hell is your father?
What's the damage?
Oh shit, I better call my wife.
Earthquake?
This is crazy.
MOISHE (cont'd) What the hell is that?
You're not thinking of joining those idiots?
I don't need your stupid medicine.
You punched the President in the face?
Punched the President?
Call them back immediately.
What the hell's going on?
It's destroying everything in its path.
Damn it!
Shit! They've got shield too.
We're losing them.
(to himself) Okay, jerk-off.
Damn it!
This is insanity!
(interrupting) Sit down and shut up! Don't tell him to shut up! You'd all be dead, were it not for my David.
He's dying out.
Where is the prisoner now?
El Toro was destroyed in the attack.
We got the bastards!
Did it destroy the target?
This is ridiculous.
(checking his watch) Oh shit, we're late.
Damn it.
Damn! surrounded .
Lock your door.
It's against the law to leave me alone in a car until I'm thirteen.
Sobe sucks.
You have the right to shut the hell up.
Shut him the hell up, Jimmy.
If you don't shut the hell up my partner might exercise his right to shoot you.
He twitching?
If he doesn't stop I'm gonna waste him.
You don't want to piss Bobby off.
You stand here today an accused man.
Accused?
Accused of what?
You don't deny being married to Ms. Stevens, nor do you deny the act of procreation.
Guilty of what?
That bitch.
WHIP PAN to cell doors slamming closed.
That fuckin' hurts!
Take the money.
I can go to college and move the hell out of his house.
I can join the military and move the hell out of his house, or I can get a job and... ... move the hell out of my house.
Give me a break.
Who locked the door?
Cut the bullshit, Rick.
You're here for you, you selfish prick.
(To herself) Oh shit.
Quit your bitching.
I'd hate to explain to the other guards why you'd come to visit me.
It's funny, the tricks the mind can play on you... but the Judge, he sat right over there... and the jury sat right there... and the audience was filled with all these people who didn't really give a shit about me.
I think we're wasting our time here.
That's why he was mad.
It's the heat.
What sin?
You're killing me.
I'm going to tell Edmund I want a divorce.
It's my fault, I don't deny it.
That's how I knew he was full of shit.
Angry?
I hated it, Ned.
I hated sitting there with the two of you.
We're gonna kill him.
It's hot.
You think I'll fuck it up, get us caught.
You're wrong.
What's wrong?
I don't blame you for hating me right now.
He is mad.
So don't give me shit.
This whole damn case is getting crazy.
Jesus, are you nuts?
(reads Racine's look) I haven't told 'em shit.
It's crazy.
It is hot.
Fucking national security.
What a prick.
Fucking Saint Gabriel can blow his horn on election day and get his four horseman to rig the ballot boxes for Pullman and it wouldn't surprise me.
Fucking kill me...where did we get this?
Just get rid of it - It plays to his base, if- Are you fucking stoned...this is the same...the exact same piece the Republicans are gonna run against him in the general...we don't need to brag about it...Hi I'm Neville Chamberlain and I want to be your commander in chief.
We're still checking...it was a blog so who the fuck knows... Doesn't matter I want to hear him denying it.
We need to counter this Christian shit we're taking from last night...so get going...Where's our cut on the new thirty and a sixty second spots?
I must look like a total dumb ass right now.
They're disorganized and they can't find a nominee that isn't a world class fuck up.
Fuck no they hate him...they think they can beat my guy...but they're worried about yours...so starting tomorrow morning you're gonna see a fucking blitz...Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, all the right wing blogs are gonna start a "Get out the vote campaign"...it's already started...every fucking conservative in Ohio is gonna stand in line and punch my guys ticket...that's just one of the steps...Ohio is gone...the polls don't mean shit...tomorrow morning everyone will know...that's why I want you to handle the fallout we'll take in the press...
I've been in this business for twenty five years and I've seen way too many Democrats bite the dust because they wouldn't get down in the mud with the fucking elephants.
So why politics?
He's an asshole but he's your boss.
Too young to fuck a thirty year old?
No why would I be mad?
Your dad is an asshole.
Bullshit...you were trying to pick me up.
Well...I've been trying to fuck you for a while.
I'll be at the event...a little late...these cock suckers...fucking dirty shit.
You were on a plane and he called me and he asked if we could meet...And I said why...he said it was very important so I did...but I should've fucking told you... Stop Stop let me get this straight.
We're in really deep fucking trouble he laid out their whole plan.
Robo- calls, traffic jams, fake lit, and fucking Thompson.
If all this shit is true I made a fucking ass of myself at Thompson's place.
Who the fuck knows Governor...but we can't take the chance... What do you think?
State... Are you fucking kidding me...I'm gonna give Secretary of State to a guy who wants to cut the top ten floors off the UN? Paul when we started this campaign I said I wasn't gonna make those kind of deals.
We don't need the fucking vans...we just don't want Pullman to have them... No, No that's not what I'm saying...we were the underdog before we got into this and we continue to be the underdog...well the numbers...we knew the numbers would get closer the closer we got to Tuesday...I'm not lowering expectations...have you ever heard me say that we had Ohio locked?... Then at least give me the courtesy of printing that in your column.
Fucking Congressmen.
I'm in trouble...
Jesus fucking Christ...Were you drunk?
Go fuck yourself.
Bullshit you...I have no idea what you're talking about.
What fucking story?
That I fuckin met with you!
She knows where we met, she knows when we met... she knows you had buffalo fucking wings.
You fucked up, Molly...
He and I both fucked up.
Thomas Fucking Duffy...he's gotta be having a stroke right now.
So I say, "Sam -you took a chance and hired me when I was even more of nobody than you are, and I'd be damned if I'm gonna jump ship just because the shit hit the fan."
You picked a hell of day to call in sick...Jesus...fucking wild day... Why? Stephen's off the campaign.
Stephen said who's gonna take over and Paul said me...and I'm like...easy there soldier...but Stephen goes ape shit then Paul gives the speech about loyalty and then shits on Stephen like I've before...christ...humiliating shit.
Shit I gotta take this.
You're lying to me...come on...
Revenge makes people unpredictable Steve.
You were fucking her.
You were fucking her and she told you about her situation.
I'm cutting that.
They made me wear that stupid thing.
Aren't you taking this a little too seriously?
That's a buck seventy-five.
Evan's an asshole.
I can be an asshole.
Grab that for me, will you?
Honey, you're mad right now.
Hungry for another can of whoop- ass?
(turns, heading off) Damn you... Hi, Bobby.
W hat are you doing tonight?
Now it's heating up.
I hate it.
Did you hear that?! (yelling) I have EVERYTHING!
The world's gone mad.
What the hell happened?
What the hell?
The lottery sucks!
YOUR SOUL!It (casual) Un-damn you, Bobby.
Oh, are you hungry?
So I'm dead... Okay.
Who the hell are you anyway?! McGRATH She's... mine!
Tell me the name of the man you kidnapped him for... Watch the swirling spiral!
I am the President of... (as West cocks gun) ... I'm Artemus Gordon.
I'm an entertainer, not a... Do not be selfish and stupid.
Ever since the nitro and the guns were destroyed at Fat- Can's, lice and demoralization have set in!
Hang him!
Hang him!
It ain't stylish, but it's practical... Loveless kidnapped two chemists, that means there's gonna be explosives.
The Wanderer rocks precariously from wheel to wheel, throwing a screaming Rita back and forth between West and Gordon.
Oh, really...? Now both of them step over the fenced perimeter and start running like hell through the cornfield.
Oh shit! meeting mid-air.
Suddenly... a VOLLEY OF CANNON FIRE EXPLODES the impediment to dust.
Why are you so cruel to me? Ebonia has escaped a head-cutting neck bracelet.
(as if to a child) You can't just 'go down there.' Flight depends on lift, which must be calibrated to the angle of descent... Shut up and go down there, will ya?
WARNING HORNS are GOING OFF.
Steam, billowing.
Damn.
West rolls to the floor, sucking air.
After I kill ya, I swear I'm gonna boil you down to axle grease!
The sudden stopping jerks Loveless' wheelchair free.
(furious) Mister West!!!
Because I want to see you dead a hell of a lot more than I want to live.
Hell, you let Loveless blow up mine.
Director Fury, do you copy?
Who the hell is... You're at 114 Solenski Plaza, 3rd floor.
What's wrong?
You know, for a man who's supposed to be avoiding stress, you picked a hell of a place to settle.
Battle?
Betrayed!
I don't threaten, but until I open the doors, until your force is mine to command, you are but words.
Why did Fury call us and why now?
(a nerve hit) Of the people in this room, which one is; A. wearing a spangly outfit, and B. not of use?
That much gamma exposure should have killed you.
We pretend on Asgard that we're more advanced, but we...we come here battling like BILCHSTEIM.
When I first came to earth, Loki's rage followed me here and your people paid the price.
After whatever tortures Fury can concoct, you would appear as a friend, as a balm.
(pushes Tony off) You know damn well why!
You gonna stop me?
Shut it down, Dr. Selvig.
Why the hell should I take orders from you?
What the hell is step two?! What's the story upstairs?
And Hulk.SMASH.
Well, they can't bank worth a damn.
I can shut the portal down!
What the hell?
Give me a break!
This was their fight.
Where are the Avengers?
Hell is that?
You stupid, woman?
You quit strippin to pack fucking mushrooms at Freemont?
Sam... Mom, keep yer mouth shut.
Fuck are you doin?! Sam... Sam!
We need to get the fuck outta here!
Cook that shit up, man!
What the fuck?! Keep drivin!
Get that fuckin blade off him... Sam! Help me.
Ahhh, shit, man.
(yelling, over the wind) What are you doing?! Bug, you hear me?! -- Bug?! Yeah.
The LRA will kill you here.
Shhhh, it's time to shut your eyes...
What is this `darn it?'
Cover me! Fight you cowards!!!
Were you with the rebels?
Were you with the rebels?
Sue.
Swings.
Jesus Christ, Sam! Five thousand dollars?
Throw in the car for five.
As a mule.
Talkin bout peace in a room somewhere is a waste of time.
Shit.
You fight the evil in this place your way, I'll fight it mine.
I got mouths to feed and you're talkin bout pissing money away on a limo.
I don't give a shit what it is!
Sam... Hey... What the hell you think you're doin, boy?
Hell I don't.
Now you get the fuck outta here fore I put yer head through that wall.
Hot damn, I knew it!
I know you're angry, but we need to talk about this... It's all done, so save yer breath... where's the keys to the safe?
What's the fucking combination.
Fuck the Lord.
We are only a relief convoy -- Shut your mouth!
He was stolen by the rebels.
They shot him.
(to Funeral Manager) I'm talking to this man... Excuse me, Mrs. Cleary... Who the hell do you think you are?
Hi, Mickey... What the hell do you think you're doing...? (surveys the wrecked office) What's going on here...? Uh... Fuck you.
I try to throw a fuckin' case your way... ...hey, I don't need your charity... ...I get these people to trust you -- they're coming here tomorrow by the way -- I get this expert doctor to talk to you.
Listen to me... listen to me, Frank, 'cause I'm done fuckin' with you.
You need a goddamn keeper... are you telling me that you turned down two-hundred-ten grand?
(beat) Huh...? Are you nuts?
Eh? Are you nuts.
And they're trying to buy it... That's the point, you stupid fuck.
You let this drop -- we'll go up to New Hampshire, kill some fuckin' deer... Mick.
We don't want to go to court -- is this getting to you...? ...he's a good man... ...he's a good man...? He's the Prince of Fuckin' Darkness... he'll have people in there testifying that the broad is well -- they saw her Tuesday on a surfboard at Hyannis... don't fuck with this case.
(looks annoyed) So what do you want me to do? Concannon's going to try the case his way, I'm going to try it mine.
Oh shit, what's today?
She THREW UP IN HER MASK.
Let's cut the bullshit.
Say it: She THREW UP She threw up in her mask.
You're a bunch of whores.
You got no loyalty... no nothing... you're a bunch of whores.
Objection.
I said, the hell with it.
And don't give me this shit, 'I was a lawyer, too.' 'Cause I know who you were.
Damn right I'm done.
Now you get out of here before I call the Bailiff and have you thrown in jail.
The Hospital...? No records since she quit in '76.
She threw up in her mask, yes.
Which is the lie.
When were you lying?
Objection!
They lied.
When did they lie?
Objection!
Fuckin' Christmas, man.
Fuckin, Christmas on the outs.
Silk damn sheets.
Fuckin' Christmas.
Fuck your hot chocolate, Rudy.
Go to hell, Nick Mason, what's that supposed to mean -- No, not that, no... (laughs, kisses her) I mean this, the whole thing.
Where the hell are you going?
I'm bringing in the fucking tree!
I pretended I was him!
I've read your letters, motherfucker.
Hell, Bugeye.
Gonna have myself a holiday... for a goddamn change... Shh, Nick, shh.
Janey's the divorced one, 'member, with the tit job -- What the fuck is going on.
You motherfucker.
The first?! Nick, what are you -- (raging) You thought you'd fuck him over?! Well he's fucked you!
If they think you're not you, they will kill you.
What the hell do you want to know!
I spend six months writing poetry and my goddamn pen pal fucks me over.
Hot.
I do one more crime, I'm back there for good, so fuck you and fuck your sister and fuck your trucker friends.
The hell you don't.
...goddamn it, Rudy... goddamn it... goddamn girl, goddamn Nick... you're so smart, so fucking smart... Where's your Christmas dinner now... I've read where the retail industry does fifty percent of its business between December 1st and December 25th.
For who would protest such a holiday?
Well, I don't know your damn map.
And if that's selfish, I am.
But I been dealing with fucked-up brother and his fucked-up friends for a long time, and I was stronger than him then and I'm stronger than him now.
Goddamn, Merlin.
Shut the fuck up.
Hell, we wouldn't even have to -- Get out.
Get your goddamn hands off me -- You got one hour.
His lungs got so black they couldn't find 'em with an x-ray.
Shit.
You ever see a motherfucker with a silicon fucking tongue?
Sucks it right down.
My guy would walk into a room, set off the goddamn sprinklers.
Destroying the Indian legacy once and for all and leaving behind a nation of selfish, angry natives, of which I, it's true, am one -- Hey-hey, egg nog for everybody!
Blackjack.
Fuckin' freezing.
I can't... go back... What the hell is with this place?
Well, some shit he told me! Nick told me his manager kept a safe in his office, his stealing safe.
With the wrong fucking guy!
We took the place down with the wrong fucking guy!
We'll take them to the zoo... WHERE THEY WILL STAY! (pausing at the screams) Children save yourselves!
He's a freak!
No, the man's a homeless idiot... (to himself) I pray God he's an idiot.
Now stop wasting time and fetch a cab.
What the bleedin' hell happened to you? Oh... dumb, eh? Good.
The cold floor is bad for you.
He's had his share of "smacks", Mothershead.
You sound like a pack of whining school boys with your petty jealousies.
Mind his head... You'll kill him.
You tortured him.
YOU TORTURED HIM, you bastard.
(angry) Eat.
Get up you miserable bastard!
You sly bastard.
There is nothing more frustrating, nothing that makes a physician feel more useless, than standing by watching his patient deteriorate.
(annoyed) Thank you, Jeanie.
(angry, defeated) You're really letting him stay home?
It's so unfair.
Kim said it was going to get as big as... (yells out the room) Shut-up!
It's a little stupid and childish but then so if high school.
So, who gives a shit if they're socialists?
Goddamn!
(to Third Boy) Shit.
Are you upset?
This is bullshit, making me wait around the house for you.
I feel like shit.
You want to stay home and try to have the shits?
H--hell-o?
Darn!
Pardon my French but you're an asshole!
Call me sir, goddamn it!
Why'd you hit me?! Where's your brain?! Why'd you hit me?! Where's your brain?! Why'd you hit me?
My, God, you're so stupid!
You hit me.
Look, don't ask me to participate in your crap if you don't like the way I do it!
Rooney'd never believe Mr. Peterson drives that piece of shit.
It's not a piece of shit.
It's a piece of shit.
Shit...
Who gives a good goddamn?
Whip it with a stick and piss on the hood.
Oh, shit!
That was a lie.
Are yours divorced?
Consider this...my father canned me and my brother and my Mom for a twenty five year old dipso with fake tits.
My brother strokes you, you sympathize with him, I get pissed off and this is what happens!
Everybody thinks you're an asshole.
I don't think you're an asshole.
Everybody's dead, it's real cold and the skiing's for shit.
He's full of shit.
Screw him.
Who's bothering you now?
Selfish little moron.
And she's gonna treat him like shit because he's gonna kiss her ass for giving him what he's built-up in his mind as the end-all, be-all of human existance.
Gesundheit...God...mercy... What? (Cameron) You asshole!
In a nutshell, I hate my brother.
So, you're pissed at him because he ditches and doesn't get caught?
Oh, shit!
It ruins the realism, don't you think? - 13 - (still shaken, quietly mutters) ...asshole...
What happened on the bridge?! (deeply upset) All the divers found in the car was the goddamn camera.
What do you want to do? - 15 - I don't know...call my mother and have her tell me it wasn't my fault... (desperately) ...What the hell could have happened?
(being glib) Once, to save my ass, I jumped out of a banana tree into an oxcart full of buffalo shit.
You know one goddamn daredevil on this picture was enough!
(loftily) ...Those who give a shit.
Drawers are slamming open and shut as Cameron hurriedly stuffs his few belongings into his pockets.
Now, annoyed at himself for being a "nice guy," he throws them carelessly on the dresser and quickly exits.
You can't jump from this...you'll get killed!
(getting angry) Now stop that!
...What's wrong?
Her concern for him has turned to anger, like a mother slapping her child for running in the street.
(sarcastic) Damn!
They stop at car.
(screaming) Cut! (indignantly) Jesus, Kenneth.
...Goddamn little prudish bastard!
...Are you kidding?...If That guy in the rowboat was a Marine sticking a bayonet in her instead of a cock, that uptight son-of-a-bitch would have saluted.
Fucking Fascist.
(outraged) Goddamn you, Eli.
(laughing and wrestling) - 65 - Get 'em, Sam! Sic 'em! Kill 'em, boy!
Son of a bitch.
Shit.
That fuckin' Henry...got spooked and took his finger off the remote button.
Sure as shit ended that way for Burt, didn't it?
As one of the world's greatest middle-weight lovers, I hate to play a one-night stand.
Fuckin' A. Gettin' out tonight.
Bull-shit...I'm blowin' the whistle with this dime in that phone...killin' a man and hiding it from the police...are you kiddin'...? Who is he think he is?
What the hell you doin'? - 95 - I'm putting you in a cab for your own good and sending you to the airport.
Just leave that son-of-a- bitch to me! Do whatever you wanna do, but I better do it with ya! You'll need help 'cause that goddamn looney is dangerous.
You gotta earn your living in pictures, but I don't give a shit.
Raging, Cameron stomps across the lobby toward the glass doors that will take him out of Eli's grotesque wonderland.
(screaming) Get out of here!
Get out!!! (raging) I'll have you thrown out!
- 98 - (furious) You stupid, ignorant bastard!
- 99 - GET OUT! Get the HELL OUT!!
I don't have the right to be pissed off...?
You want the shock of your life...? I understand what the son-of-a-bitch is saying, and he may be right...which makes me what?
Minus twelve, the dumb schmuck with a gun.
I don't know if he is doing it consciously, but it's a hell of an idea.
That's all I need right now, with all I've been through!...For you to give me now-or-never ultimatums and tell me my director is insane!... - 116 - Which stands alone like Moby Dick awaiting its victim.
If the roof goes too far, you get your goddamn head down quick!
Shit.
He picks up the duffel bag and moves for the door, then turns on her, punishing her with his words.
It took the jury about two fucking minutes.
Caught me breaking into a store...oh, not to rob it...I went there to kill the bastard who owned it... Why? ...Because... glass.
There in the basement of a 100-year old hotel, before an audience of one, Cameron ERUPTS, spewing out the memory of his mortification and crucifixion...not without the silent resignation of Jesus, but with the howling rage of a mad dog...Pluto with the rabies... ...Because...it seemed like a good idea to twist his fucking head off!
Bang!
Behind that counter, you son-of-a- bitch?"
Ya know what's behind that counter?... (the ultimate horror) CREAM..." and all that fuckin' HURLING them against the wall where they smash, punctuating his speech with bursts of gooey color.
That DID IT! HOT FUDGE?! Me buried in shit, being the damn good soldier the judge said I was, yes sir, people sitting there on their fat asses feedin' their fat faces.
I smashed that fucking fudge pot across the room, smack into that shelf full of animals...and it starts raining pussycats and monkeys and kangaroo cookies like Noah's Ark! The hair dryer smashes against a shelf, toppling ammunition boxes and bottles onto the carcass of a disassembled World War I airplane.
FOR GODDAMN EVER, BITCH, Cameron's hands have come to rest on a metal laundry bin.
That ice cream's goddamn cold! (struggling for a proper description) His nose...it froze and his ear froze, see...and... (indignantly) No, it's terrible!...He lost the tip of his nose and his ear lobe... - 135 - control, Nina scrambles to her feet and dashes for the ladies room.
You get the FBI screaming down on your ass... (through the door) Oh, God.
(startled) Hey, they wanna know is the CAMERA (yelling) That crazy bastard!
Move your asses -- I want that shot!
The whole front wheel of the car is blown off by an explosive charge.
(screaming) Ninaaa-a-a-a-a-!!!
- 150 - Outrage galvanizes him to action.
Angry cop faced growling: "Kill the son-of-a- - 151 - bitch," "Shoot 'im," "Cut it," "Hang 'im," and then loudly, "Cut it!"
He's an asshole.
I'm interested in the opinion of an asshole.
Vera is flushed and angry.
Shit, fuck!
Damn! Shit! 69 69 Mark is in the side chapel with Father Brendan.
Shit! 73 73 Cheryl steps out of the shower.
And stop reading those stupid sex manuals.
And are you mad at him?
I fucking did.
But the guilt isn't enough to patch over the rage.
Shit!
Life, how short it is... What the hell was that?
But seriously, they've got the earth cracking under their asses already, Bill.
You're crazy!
Mommy, why are you so angry with Daddy?
Holy shit!
Damn it!
Damn it!
How the hell are we gonna make it to China?
GOVNO! (shit).
Your father was throwing up the whole way.
Why do you hate Gordon?
What's wrong?
Now get the hell back with the other green cards, or I'll have you detained.
Look! Idiot!
Let that stupid dog go! (in Chinese) Okay.
I'd say... those astronauts of yours would be shitting themselves, if they knew all their relatives are now stuck in the South Pole.
You get away from this house, God damn you!
You are most tiresome, and rude.
A violation?
That fucking name.
I demand it.
But if not, it's, as you say, tough shit for you.
Oh, to hell with this and to hell with you.
Do you know the things you're accusing me of?
I think it bothers you and you're not telling me.
Screw you.
Leave me alone.
(getting up) To hell with this.
You stupid, boy.
Don't call me stupid.
am the stupid one.
But I'll die before I put this thing on, you fucking piss-ant.
I hope you go to hell -- The insignia is all wrong.
That suit cost me over eighty bucks... with the boots.
Straighten that hat.
Straighten that hat, soldier!
So what are you going to do? Fuck if I know.
You're throwing it flat.
I mean, I'm a fuck up.
My dad is used to this crap from me.
Anyway, Todd is, and I hate to phrase it this way, but he's one of the ones worth fighting for.
If you get even one flunk card-- Are you out of your fucking mind?
I think you should fuck yourself.
My boy, don't you see that we are fucking each other?
Damn... Cuban high heels.
Can't get'em exported... Government don't let you.
She failed it.
What the fuck...?
I thought you said you had a fucking heart attack.
Fuck you.
Jesus Fucking Christ.
Open the fucking door!
Fuck you, old man.
If you don't stop screaming like a fucking school girl I'm going to... Now listen to me, boy, very carefully.
My document... Fuck your document.
I came here, I saw this shit, and now I'm getting the fuck out of here.
Tell them I locked you in the cellar.
Fuck.
We are wasting time now, boy.
Fuck! What?
Where is the goddamn letter?
Are you crazy?
I don't read German, you numb fuck.
Goddamn you, come out.
Son of a bitch.
What's wrong?
You got to be fucking kidding me.
You don't mind if I call you Ed, now that I'm out of your fucking school, do you?
How much of it do think is true and how much is just bullshit?
You're a fucking guidance counsellor.
One thing lead to another and before I knew it... ...you showed up in my driveway, wearing those same fucking sneakers.
Come here, you fucking ding-dong.
That man is killing Rudolph!
Hands behind your head, asshole!
What the fuck.
She got arrested?
I dumped her.
Payback!
We didn't break up over a stupid article.
Shit, man.
I know where his bimbo wife takes her yoga classes, I know where his idiot son shoplifts after school, so he can pay me my money or... What the hell happened to you? Milo Boyd.
You better run, you crazy bitch.
That's my space, you asshole!
It's criminal.
Dammit.
Holy shit! (calling out) Hey, um, Cass? (no response) Cassidy?
What have you been doing, sleeping on the floor?
Likes to cook pasta for me and perform strip- teases.
You and me made a terrible couple.
Go get this asshole.
Which means I know you are a deceptive, cold- hearted bitch who is going to jail where she belongs.
Shit, man, you startled me.
Open the door, you son of a bitch!
I don't have time for this shit.
(freaking out) Speed up! Would you just calm down for a second and... Jesus christ...
You are so full of shit.
Then destroying it, for the right price.
Wrong.
Asshole.
What the...? (loud whisper) What the hell are you doing?
Son of a bitch.
Where is your gun?
After we broke up, I was so mad at you, I told everyone I know you have herpes.
Jesus Christ, where the hell are ya, Niagara Falls?
(to himself) Sneaky bitch.
(to herself) Sneaky bastard.
(to one of the kids) Son of a bitch, Jeremy, don't eat things you find on the floor.
I quit by getting myself fired.
(to himself) Shit.
What's wrong?
So what the hell is "Sparrow"?
Where the fuck is Milo?
Who the fuck are you?
So what the fuck are you doing in this car?
What the fuck are you doing?
And I don't think you're a total liar, but in my own defense, I was one of the top detectives in my division, I had been working that case for months, and then you just waltzed in and solved it.
Well, neither had I! Ow... Shit.. Dammit... Milo?
I'm waiting for a pig to fly in here and grab it.
I'm fucking with you.
Trolls...? Shush.
FROZEN - J. Lee FROZEN - J. Lee (frustrated) Hey!
(formal, in Old Norse) Sehm hon HELL-drr IN-um HELL-gum AYG-num ok krund ee THES-um HELL- gah STAHTH, ehk teh frahm FUR-ear U- thear... FROZEN - J. Lee ...Queen Elsa of Arendelle.
Hang on.
That's horrible.
Elsa, stop!
Anyway, I got mad and so she got mad and then she tried to walk away, and I grabbed her glove-- Hang on.
Didn't your parents ever warn you about strangers?
Stop it, Sven.
Bark up.
Bark down.
Bark up.
Hang on.
It is not nice to throw people!
I was wrong.
FROZEN - J. Lee But then she doomed herself, and you were dumb enough to go after her.
(anger) You won't get away with this.
I was wrong about him.
Hang on.
I met Ella at City College in 1938... Shit.
Okay, bitch, I'm ready!
The hat must, of course, be black or white or both.
She's hot.
That way you'll stop annoying me.
Now, now, if you two kids can't play nice -- God, I hate school.
Well, now I'm on the rag and I hate it.
(re: the hat) What do you think?
What's wrong?
Words?
You dumped me.
Lemme at 'er! Hell hath no fury like a recluse scorned.
If you're lying to me, I'll know it.
And for the same god damn reason.
Aw, who the hell knows?
After that, what the fuck do I know?
Freak out?
Nuts.
I do hate myself.
But not so much that I can't see how stupid and despicable and -- Cowardly.
In the morning, we'll talk about what a gigantic asshole you are.
Well, hell, if I'm gonna be the one to get you goin' again.
I've ruined you for other women.
It's so unfair!
What trip?
Lying.
You lied and -- (exploding) Oh, Christ, knock it off!
I hate pitching to these Japanese guys.
Damn! Hold on.
That's ridiculous.
Molly, the "New York Times" is some frustrated little critic with pimples on his ass who flunked out of art school.
Take the money.
Molly, we hated that concert.
Oh, shit.
You motherfucking bastard!
Damn!
What the hell's going on?
What the hell you doin' in my life, huh?
He's dead.
I told you, the picture in Reno, the starfish,... damn it, Carl.
How can you swallow this crap?
What the hell do you mean?
What the hell are you talking about?
She knows your name, goddamn it!
You find that bitch, whoever she is, and... get rid of her, you hear me?
I've got four million dollars stuck in that fucking computer.
What is wrong with you?
I had a life, Goddamn you.
(continuing) Damn it.
You're dead.
It's your mind, you idiot.
You gotta be angry here, in the pit of your stomach.
Pow!
Well, fuck you! (an unexpected rage starts to build) It wasn't my time!
(continuing) Who the hell are you?
Why are you hounding me like this? Leave me alone.
What the hell?
Oh, Lord! Stop! Whatcha doin' to me? (screaming) Ortisha?! (excitedly) Orlando!
Get out of here, you little shit!
What's wrong?
I was killed for that money.
Search, you bastard!
You goddamn bastard!
Don't you have a date with Molly, you creepy son-of-a bitch?
Oh shit! (gulping) At the bank?
Get the hell out of here.
You're in trouble.
(screaming) Why are you doing this to me? Get away from me!
You're a fake.
Leave me alone!
Okay, damn it, you can use me if you want.
Where is it, goddamn it?
You're lying!
Fuck him!
I'd say you're fucked.
Shut down accelerators.
Poached.
Poached!
I'd use the word insane.
Holy shit.
Get me Bud Kruger immediately!
(yelling after him) And not too much!
We're in shit up to our ears.
(Southern accent) Damn!
Damnit!
What in sam hill is a woman doing in charge of that ship?! Maybe she's got her shit together.
McCROSKY Damn! We've lost them again.
It bugged me too when Mr. Ed refused to talk when the neighbors came over but... (on radio) We've blown the computer!
McCROSKY Zero point five WORP, that's half the speed of light.
So give yourself enough time to kill those WORP engines.
Kill WORP! Ted, the lever!
What the hell is a man doing with a... forget it.
No way -- did I tell you what she did with my top hat?
I debated telling you.
Asshole, could you stop blowing shit up for two seconds and deal with the camera?
These murders.
These murders.
Oh shit, all the glass just fell out! It's hard enough to drive without everyone yelling!
Shut up, I don't like that-- Please shut up, all of you.
This is the train they wanna destroy.
... the hell's that?
Her father is a selfish, irresponsible son-of-a-bitch!
Tell me who that was and I'll help you, I swear to God.
You were upset.
These murders.
I haven't leaned out yet, which the doctor says is gonna -- Joe, what the hell--?!
(pats his backpack) I've got six tons of explosives in here, let's find that thing and blow it to shit.
Where the hell are we going anyway?
What am I supposed to do, piss in here?! Thanks for the hospitality.
-- oh shit!
(who gives a shit) Congratulations!
Guys, that sounds like guns! (points to a tank) What the hell is that?! We gotta go by foot--!
You guys see those explosions?
Shut up! Calm down.
And flipping out.
Then I went to my car to get my bag-- It's been experimented on for years.
It looks stupid.
Who's dead?
You've got your hat, use your hat.
(yells into intercom) Ronny, the phone!
I didn't come here to upset you.
It's fake.
Son of a bitch!
I want to cut you open and crawl inside of you.
You're mad at him, take it out on me, take your revenge on me!
Suck me dry! Alright.
I lied to him.
I really do hate it though, when you take that tone with me.
Wait for me by the doors, Mona.
You are guilty.
I'm guilty.
(pause, nothing) Now I'm gonna marry Johnny and you're gonna leave me alone.
What the hell happened to you? Well.
She was dying!
She was dying.
What the hell are you talking about?
And you're a big liar!
Take your stupid pinky ring.
The troops think the unilats'll stab `em in the back.
(Beat) But...
Oh what the hell do you know?
How are we gonna stop them?
Stop acting so fucking QUEER!
In a world torn apart by greed and hate they would be a force for good, for peace.
Oh crap!
Oh shit!
Oh shit, they're coming!
Oh, and by the way, fuck the French!
(Laughing) Did you hear that shit?
Now what the hell are we... Will you shut up?
Great fucking intuition Lyn.
I'm so hot.
(losing it) Is that...is that supposed to calm me down?! (hurrying after him) You know what color the seats were in the frigging hotel but you can't...you wanna observe something Lyn? Observe the fucking bomb in the middle of the road!
(Beat) That was it.
What do you wan...? What the hell?
(Throwing an eraser at the worker) Idiot!
Only this time without the hippy crap.
I mean, I haven't looked at the, the thing but I'd say it's going to be fucking HOT! Hot.
Hot.
Hot.
That hurt Greg, you fucking dip- shit.
(Laughing too)You fuckity fuck dip-shit fuck-hole.
Don't you think it might have been more sensible if we hadn't drunk the fucking water?
Fuck me! Yes, gentlemen.
(softly) Angry, Deb.
(a little louder) Yesss, that's the word, angry.
(a little nuts) No matter what, no matter how angry it makes me, no matter how much it hurts.
I think you're an asshole.
No, let me correct that, an immature asshole.
In a second... (to Rick) And you're irresponsible.
Where the hell is he?
I hate her.
I hate her guts, the bitch.
A big pile of shit.
She hates me.
I don't remember that... You're really pissing me off.
What a waste of two women.
If I was Ricky Ricardo I would beat the shit out of that chick.
Screw you.
Screw that.
(turns to the others) I don't remember ordering an asshole from room service.
Screw you! (irritated; a lot) That's it, prick lips.
I'm gonna kill you.
(proudly) The Dick. (astonished at this O.S. sight) Jesus Christ!
He stole my car... my Porsche...
(yelling) Go after him.
Stop at nothing.
Well, tell the asshole to shut up.
(calling off) Hey, shut up.
Some pin head's yelling... (yelling O.S.) Shut up, I'm talking here.
(crazed) Where is it?
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
(screaming) Rick... Rick... Goddamn it.
(furious) You've had it.
What the hell is that?
Where the hell is everybody?
You nuts?
(angry) Am looking for this dunghead who took my women...
He get back bitches.
Nah, I used to fuck a librarian.
What the hell happened?
No sob story is going to change my mind.
(angry) Ed... you're kinky!
Cole, what the hell are you doing?
He's kidnapped her! Everyone into the bus!
Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit.
Goddamn FBI...don't respect nothing.
You smooth son of a bitch, let me lay it on the line for you, and your boss.
Okay my Kraut-Mick friend, Johnny will never get that part because I hate that pinko punk and I'm going to run him out of the Movies.
He ruined one of Woltz Brothers' most valuable proteges.
I'm a businessman, and blood is a big expense.
I can help you out... Oh no you can't, the old man'd be sore as hell if I let you get mixed up in this.
Who the hell are you and what are you doing here?
(furious) You punk-hood.
Who the hell are you to tell me my business.
O.K., put your hat on, let's see how you look.
Then you take a long vacation and we catch the hell.
I want my father left alone.
I was about to come up and wake you and tell you.
He had the judges and politicians in his pocket and he refused to share them.
Tell Fabrizzio and wait for me in the car.
(muttering to himself) Where the hell is he going?
You are like me, we refuse to be fools, to be puppets dancing on a string pulled by other men.
They argue in gambling games; they jump out of their cars in a rage if someone so much as scratches their fender.
(frowning) Hell, he can't do that.
But don't keep saying you're innocent; it insults my intelligence and makes me angry.
But you never thought about me, never gave a damn about me.
That coldhearted bastard.
You're full of shit.
Okay Harry.
Shut your big fat mouth!
Harry?
You don't have to wait, daddy'll be mad if you're late.
The great way, is not difficult for those with no preferences, with the absence of both love and hate, everything becomes clear and undisguised.
Are you mad at me? No, why?
HEY, OUCH, damn it!! Vada, watch what you're doing.
(under her breath) Oh shit!
Ahh Shit, this is my lease...... Damn it, I keep forgetting things, I'm getting senile.
Harry?
(less angry, talking to fish) Fish are very resilient animals you know.
DADDY!! Daddy daddy!!!! Daddy!!??!?! Daddy??!?!?! Vada, Vada, what's the matter?
HUH???? It's your responsibility to watch her!! Do you have any idea how upset those people are in there???! Why do you think people want to get married?
Yes she is, but she's very upset, so she's not seeing anyone.
Hi Harry.
Did I kill my mother?
You're dead.
Yeah, that's right, you little bitch ... if you're watching this tape it means that I somehow resisted the urge to dismember you and shove the pieces down the garbage disposal ... opting instead to poison you in your sleep.
... I fucking poisoned you in your sleep.
Don't bother... the shit I gave you is some fucking high tech sci-fi Chinese synthetic shit that even I don't know exactly what the fuck it is.
(irritated) Scarecrow.
You're fucked.
What's up! (calling back) There's a white man with a gun in here, I would prefer that he not cap my ass, so please refrain from any sudden ass bullshit!
... right, I know, you don't know where he is, but you're going to tell me where he is, or I'm going to BLOW YOUR BRAINS otal mad chaos ensues, CHEV, ORLANDO and the BROTHERS packed ILENCE - just the sound of CHEV'S heartbeat, pumping.
(starting to lose it again) You pulled the Anselmo job together, don't try to bullshit me ... Easy ... easy ... now things are beginning to clarify ... you see how that works?
In fact, Ricky Verona fucked me on the Anselmo job.
Shit dude, what's the matter with you?
OK, now you're insulting me.
Well? hat?
You motherfucker!
e hops out with cell phone to his ear and takes a ride to the second floor, RIDING THE SMASHED CAR UP THE ESCALATOR.
He grabs the man from behind the counter and in one move, yanks him over the counter and SLAMS HIM FACE-DOWN on the floor.
(shrugs) The shit they gave you ... it's the Chinese shit.
Just then, behind him, CHEV emerges from the kitchen with the efore ALEX can react, CHEV lets swing with the knife and neatly cuts off ALEX'S gun hand at the wrist.
CHEV kicks ALEX out the door and into the alley.
How freaking awesome was that? e kicks him in the ribs, knocking him over.
(anger gradually overcoming the shock) Doing your mother like an Iraqi prisoner, you bitch.
(impersonating Alex) Hey Ricky, whadya think about sucking me off, ya in the mood?
IS THIS FUCKING That's right, bro.
VERONA is speechless, furious.
He KNOCKS OVER A TABLE and pushes the Rot's head away.
You motherfucker, my grandfather gave that medallion to my father, and then to - realizing he's said too much) .. fuck you, man, shove that thing up your ass.
Fucked up that you killed your own brother.
... asshole...
I said a fifth of a syringe, you idiot.
Well, that shit should be out of your system in a half hour or so, if you live that long ... this air phone is costing me a fortune ... look, I'll be in LA in twenty minutes.
You son of a bitch!
CHEV cruises in an out of traffic and people like a Sunday drive, ignoring traffic lights, stop signs, pedestrians.
e screams under his breath, stomping on the kitchen floor in You're so stressed out, do you want some pot? (fighting to get the words out) Yes.
Each one has a right hand tucked into his blazer - they're (under his breath) Shit!
He flies out the door after EVE - the door swings shut behind him.
Inside the apartment, the PHONE BEGINS Alright, alright...! CHEV shakes his head in disbelief; steels himself - then turns and walks quickly down the hall to the front door.
The door SLAMS OPEN.
CHEV glances quickly around for witnesses - then backs into the hallway, letting the door swing shut behind him.
I hate that... CHEV is waiting by the door, blocking her view of the front entrance, smiling somewhat crazily.
Aww, damn it, I'm sorry baby... (irritated) Nice one.
2 82 From overhead, the CAMERA CORKSCREWS CLOCKWISE as CHEV wrenches the HOOD'S neck COUNTERCLOCKWISE, snapping it.
Vendors haggle ... workers hustle down the sidewalk with baskets of chickens, sides of meat ... tourists wander ... motorists argue and punch their horns ... and the lunch hour crowd converges on a hundred eateries ... e hear a million HEARTBEATS, old, young ... even fast ticking chicken heartbeats, all overlapping, blending together in a swelling din of live things.
That was a lie.
(determined) I'll fucking get it up!
God damn it, Chev ...! Shut up! busload of JAPANESE GIRLS pulls up - tourists in matching ith the crowd cheering and traffic stopped, CHEV gets a shot What was that?
Oh God... Oh God... yes... Shit! CHEV reaches for the E phone.
What are you doing?!! CHEV puts the phone up to his ear.
(furious, in disbelief) What's the matter with you?!! (to EVE) Shh.
You don't let that motherfucker out of your sight.
hit!
(screaming after him) (shouting back, voice trailing off) I'll call you!
You drink this Haitian shit, crackhead.
Made from plant shit.
(irritated) What are you laughing at?
Right ... so ... let's all die ... Eh? CHEV brings up his gun in the blink of an eye, draws a bead on HOOD #1 and is about to set off a SHOOTING GALLERY, when the ELEVATOR BELL CHIMES and the door SLIDES OPEN.
The elevator is half a floor down, moving slow.
You! Assholes!
They play cat and mouse in the maze of sewing machines and Koreans while the SUPERVISOR, oblivious, continues screaming and forcing the workers back into their chairs.
e SLAMS his fist against the wheel.
Holy shit, man, I've been trying to reach you for a half hour.
Asshole.
(to the BOYZ) What the hell are you looking at?
Pale sunlight punches through the half rolled blinds.
A JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN - early 50s, compact and under five feet, immaculately groomed - hustles on as the doors slide shut.
I haven't seen you since you ran out at (falling right into it) Right, with you popping Valium like Tic Tacs and balling some new asshole every two weeks... why wouldn't I stick around for entertainment like that?
That's hurtful.
ou a persistent motherfucker, Chev Chelios, I'll give you that.
(freaking) Ourfather whoartinheaven hallowedbethy - Shut up, Verona.
But just as he's about to pull the trigger, he FREEZES... face TWITCHING... knees BUCKLING... ... and we see that VERONA has come up behind him and JAMMED CHEV drops to his knees.
His HEARTBEAT is deafening, (in a bloodthirsty rage) Now what?
Now say shit! (shaken for once) Jesus, man, where the fuck where you?
VERONA grabs the gun out of CHEV'S hand and points it at He blows CARLITO away with three shots.
That's right, motherfucker!
... the DOOR BUSTS IN and the place is crawling with S.W.A.T. CHEV'S HEARTBEAT IS SLAMMING as the bird rises high above the rooftop and the surrounding streets.
He slides it out and stabs at CHEV'S face ... CHEV catches his wrist in time to hold him off, but his grip is slipping ... The spaces between CHEV'S HEARTBEATS have grown longer and longer ... he's obviously having a massive coronary ... You're dead, you're dead, you're dead!
Then, with a final rush of adrenaline, he grabs VERONA by the neck and pulls him along.
I told you I'd kill you, you son of a bitch!
A homeless guy ambles along, looks up, hustles his ass out of the way ... ERONA hits the ground - SMACK! - BOUNCES, flies out of frame.
then - Fuck, fuck, fuck... (as a chant) --fuck, fuck, fuck, mother-mother fuck, mother-mother fuck-fuck!
I think I want to know ya', know ya'-- (digging in pockets) What the hell are you singing?
That shit is the mad notes.
Man, that shit was so gay--fucking eighties style.
Bitch, don't you NEVER say an unkind word about The Time! Me and Silent Bob modeled our whole fucking lives after Morris Day and Jerome!
What the hell are you talking about?
And he said you're the bitch and you're the butch.
I'm the bitch?! Well if we were gay, that's how I'd see it.
Would you shut up?! (to TEEN 2) Holy shit, dude.
We haven't seen a fucking dime for no movie!
Shit yeah.
What the fuck took you so long answering your damn door?
Why the fuck would you do a thing like that?
When the fuck can your servant ditch this foul-mouthed little chucklehead to whom I am a constant victim of his folly, and who bombards me and those around us with grade-A foolishness that prevents me from even getting to kiss a girl?
Fuck! When?! I'm the chucklehead?
Fuck you--you're the dumb-ass who gave away his comic, and now you ain't got no fat movie check neither.
What the fuck is the Internet?
This is where you go if you wanna hear frustrated would-be filmmakers mouth off with their two- bit, arm-chair-director's opinions on how they all could've made a better Episode One.
Friday?! Shit.
You mean the fucking movie with Mork from Ork in it?
Word, bitch.
Fuck him.
Jay and Silent Bob are stupid characters.
Fuck Jay and Silent Bob.
Fuck them up their stupid asses."
Who the fuck said that shit?!
They're fucking clown shoes.
If they were real, I'd beat the shit out of them for being so stupid.
Number one, they're a bunch of jealous little dicks who use the anonymity of the Net to insult people who're doing what they wish they were doing, and number two, they're not really talking about you guys--they talking about Bluntman and Chronic.
And all these people who read that shit think the real Jay and Silent Bob are a couple of faggots 'cause of that all these dicks are writing about the comic book Jay and Silent Bob!
I want to suck youse guys dicks off.
And she'll be like, "Oh--I read on the Internet that youse guys were little fucking jerkoffs."
This guy back there explained it to us.
Shit--you nuns are alright.
But when you and me try it, it's like we're trapped in a fucking cartoon!
Ghouls, you fucking moron.
I'll feed you to the fucking dog! (covering her ears; shrieking) Youse guys need to turn those frowns upside down!
Ri, Ray rand Rirent Rob Look at his fuckin' lipstick!!! He's got a stoner-boner!!!
Holy shit, I had a horrible dream.
Yo--check that shit out: the Internet.
(to Bob) Motherfucker!
Type this shit down.
We're gonna fuck your mothers whole you watch and cry like little bitches.
Once we get to Hollywood and find those Miramax fucks who are making the movie, we're gonna make 'em eat our shit, then shit our shit, then eat their shit which is made of our shit that we made 'em eat.
That'll fucking show 'em.
Now we eat our Egga-Mooby-Muffins, then get back on the road, get to Hollywood, and stop that fucking movie from getting made.
You know--so no guys try to grab my shit.
(dreamily) And I am so fucking yours-- I mean hi.
Look, fuck that fat fuck--I'm trying to tell a story here.
So we went to see Holden McNeil, and he showed us the Internet, and that's where we found all these fucking little jerkoffs were saying shit about us.
(to Jay) What the fuck are you waiting for?
Reach in your fucking pants, and pull yer cock out, bitch!
But we bitch- slapped that little fuck and sent him packing, so it's smooth sailing.
(looks down) Oh, shit--you're not thinking of whipping your dick out at this fine piece of woman, are you?
That's it, boy--put the dick down.
No little perv bullshit will do for this one.
Now I gotta go beat the shit out of two suckerpunching little bitches.
Remember--don't pull your dick out until she asks you to.
You really don't want to help us-- What the fuck are you talking about?
For the lift and shit.
Fuck you.
You know, she never once said "fuck off," when I was talking to her, or pulled out the pepper spray, or nothing.
(slapping Justice upside the head) Nice going, Four Eyes! Ow! Why the fuck did you let that little stoner throw Brent our of the van?! Oh please--if I had to listen to one more of those stupid songs, I was going to throw him out myself.
Not as much as I hate you.
We're in the fucking heartland here!
Oh, I'm a cow, am I? I'm a mad cow, bitch.
And now I'm gonna rip your head off and fuck your spine stump.
(thinks; then) Boo-boo kitty fuck.
I make that shit work!
It does what ever the fuck I tell it to do!
No one rules the clit like me! (off Silent Bob) Not this little fuck!
None of you little fucks out there!
You cock-block my authority again, you lose your fucking fronts, you got that?
You fat fuck-- They in?
Move your ass! Stay frosty, you big fucking softie.
This shit fucks you up like Percocets!
Later, me and Justice can shoot each other with it and fuck like stoned test bunnies.
Holy fuck--the little stoner was right-- Boom Box!
Kaboom, you little stoner fucks.
What the fuck are you looking at?
Now we got what we came for, so let's get the fuck out!
Oh shit-- Justice-- Oh, fudge... (calling off) Marshal Willenholly!
Yeah, you chug that ass-cock baby-- It takes two hands to hold doesn't it--?
Excuse me--who the hell are you?
I'm on my way! (shuts phone; to anchorman) We got 'em.
You are so nasty.
I'll show you nasty, you little slut.
They're your gang.
You used to be all about the girl stuff: stealing, boning, blowing shit up.
It's really a fucking drag.
(into bullhorn) What the fuck are you waiting for?
I said that shit before I knew they were gonna shoot us!
I don't even have the fucking smarts of a little-- --kid (to cops) Everyone has bullets in their guns, right?
Don't make us go back to our liberal city home with a tales of prejudice and bigotry in the heart of Utah! (whispers to Bob) You see the shit I gotta put up with for you!
And the only thing I do recognize here is a political fiasco I'm, going to avoid by letting this butt-fucking Brady Bunch go!
(amazed) Un-fucking believable.
Because I need to dry my gun out so I can SHOOT YOU WITH IT !
We're gonna fuck your mothers while you watch and cry like little bitches.
How nasty?
Alright--first, I'll want to tongue your bung while you juggle my balls in one hand and play with my asshole with the other.
(to Jay) You one fucked up puppy, poppie.
After we shut that shit down, we can start looking for the monkey.
But before we do any of that shit, we gotta find a motherfucker in the know.
Fuck, yes.
In the posting, pulled off Movie Poop Shoot.com, the gruesome twosome threatened, quote-- (reading) "Once we get to Hollywood and find those Miramax Expletive-Deleted who are making the Bluntman and Chronic movie, we're gonna make 'em eat our Expletive-Deleted, then Expletive- Deleted, which is made up of our Expletive-Deleted, then eat their Expletive-Deleted, which is made up of our Expletive-Deleted that we made 'em eat.
That bitch!
That fucking, fucking bitch!!! (to girls) Get dressed.
Fuck that, I didn't get to cum yet.
Now! Fuck-- We gotta play this right.
I hate how fake Hollywood is.
I make you a deal: this guy'll suck your dick off if you let us go! Contrary to what you believe, not everyone in the movie business is gay.
Well, how about this deal: he sucks my dick while you watch and jerk off.
Apple sauce, bitch.
Alright, you bastard!
What the fuck are we gonna do?
I'm haunted by it.! Well, you put your dick in a pie, dude-- Enough!
She's fucking hot, man.
Holy shit?
Yo, what's up with Pacey stealing Joey away from you?
If I was you, I would've drowned his ass in your Creek and shit!
Break!
Do they have you hostage?
I mean, we kicked those guys' asses bad.
Shut the fuck up!
You killed Mooby-- (to Kids) (breaking character) You are not upstaging me, Van Der Beek! (to O.C. Chaka) Now whose balls have been busted, bitch?
I thought you blew up, Boo Boo Kitty Fuck.
So that means you'll fuck me, right?
Because she's gonna be one dead bitch.
See, there was this little angel on my shoulder, and he said-- Shut the fuck up before I shoot you where you stand in your pansy red booties.
(looking down) Holy shit, I am wearing pansy red booties!
How about a little "Bitch, My Man Ain't Yo Baby's Daddy"?
I'm-- Banky fucking Edwards!
What the fuck are you guys doing here?! Stop the movie?! Are you crazy?!
All these assholes are calling us names on the Internet, 'cause of this stupid movie!
But Miramax paid me a shitload of money for Bluntman and Chronic, so it occurs to me that people bad- mouthing you on some web-site is none of my FUCKING CONCERN!
Here we go again-- Shut the fuck up.
Even if there's no movie, people are still free to talk shit about you on the Internet.
We went to Hollywood, I fell in love, we stole a monkey, we got shot at, and got punched in the motherfucking nuts!
(pushing Sissy off him) Get the fuck offa me, pig!
You guys are gonna ruin my movie career.
Fuck-you--you already said half?
Done Your shit is so tired, Justice!
Call me Boo-Boo Kitty Fuck--BITCH!
And did you write "Fuck Jay and Silent Bob.
Fuck them up their stupid asses?
did you say Jay and Silent Bob-- (reading off paper) "--are fucking clown shoes.
If they were real, I'd beat the shit out of them for being so stupid."
Nice movie, you fucking Tracer!
And I got you down here fixing fuckin' boat motors.
What the fuck are you lookin' at?
DIDN'T YOU, YOU SON-OF-A-BITCH?!
A suck mark.
Hey, goddamn it, paint it shit- brown for all I care... (beat) Look, I'm sorry.
I'LL be here whenever you come home.
The good officers give them the whole fuckin' guided tour.
(beat) Off they go in their Sedan DeVille the hell out of here.
(mumbling to himself) ... after you killed the cat and threw it into the yard, my man, you climbed up hero and waited.
Where the hell's Graham!
But the others... (beat) I could fume it, Will, but couldn't guarantee the iodine stains would fade our in the time you've got to get it back.
Dammit.
This is a damn slippery planet.
Slick as hell.
Can you smell him?
I'm worn out with you crazy sons-of- bitches.
And the padlock on the door and you know you need a boltcutter and every other goddamn thing 'cause... (shouts) (beat) Haven't you, my man?
(punches another number) I want a chopper on the roof in three minutes.
... You're scaring me with this.
And he was wrong.
Will, they never get to see Kevin and a few more days... What's this Mama shit?
You want your own wife kidnapped?
What're you, nuts?
I'm fuckin' hungry now, you know.
It'll cost you a heck of lot more'n five hunnert - You're sittin' here, you're talkin' in circles!
You lied to me, Mr. Lundegaard.
You're a bald-faced liar! ... A fucking liar - Bucky, please!
Oh, for Christ's sake, where's my goddamn checkbook.
Shit, I'm sittin' here driving, man, doin' all the driving, whole fuckin' way from Brainerd, drivin', tryin' to, you know, tryin' to chat, keep our spirits up, fight the boredom of the road, and you can't say one fucking thing just in the way of conversation.
So I seperate the - how the heck do I get the egg out of the shell without breaking it?
Heck, FDIC.
I'm not talkin' about your damn word, Jerry.
Shut the fuck up or I'll throw you back in the trunk, you know.
I give these sons a bitches a million dollars, where's my guarantee they're gonna let her go.
...days ... be here for days with a - DAMMIT! - a goddamn mute ... nothin' to do ... and the fucking - ... TV doesn't even ... plug me in, man... Gimmee a - DAMMIT! - signal... Plug me into the ozone, baby... Plug me into the ozone - FUCK!...
What the heck d'ya mean?
The heck d'ya mean?
What a you guys got yourself mixed up in?
The heck d'ya mean?
... There's a million dollars here! No, see - Look, Jerry, you're not sellin' me a damn car.
Shep! Jesus Ch - Fuck out of my house!
Who the fuck are you?
Who the fuck are you?
I got your goddamn money, you little punk.
Drop that fucking briefcase!
Fuck you, man!
I gave SIMPLE FUCKING INSTRUCTIONS - Where's my damn daughter?
Drop that fucking money!
Is this a fucking joke here?
... Is this a fucking joke?
You fucking imbeciles!
You should she zhe uzher guy! ... The fuck happen a her?
Widda fuckin' chainshaw?
... Fuckin' ash-hole.
And if you shee your friend Shep Proudpfut, tell him I'm gonna NAIL hizh fuckin' ash.
Sheesh!
Who the hell is she?
What the hell does that mean?
Shit.
Why do you ask so many damn questions?
You're a damn thief.
Sheesh.
Okay, now why don't you tell me what the hell's going on?
What the hell are you doing?
Where's the son of a bitch?
The son of a bitch isn't here.
Well, he's stolen Gram.
Stolen Gram?
I know he's a brainless, interfering asshole, yes.
I don't need to listen to this garbage.
I know what you're up to, you thieving bastard.
I was distracted.
Whatever your damn fool religion is called, I think it works.
Oh shit.
If you hate Phil so much, why are you chasing him across California?
Okay, you vindictive bitch.
Do it again and I'll smash that pretty little face of yours off the fucking road.
They're going to lock me up and throw away the key.
Not 'til I met you... Jesus - what the hell is that?
We need to stop.
We've stolen that man's son.
Stolen... his son?
You stole Gram Parsons.
I thought it was bad enough when I ran over the cop's bike, but now I'm a fucking body snatcher.
I'm going to do the right thing, I'm going to follow my conscience, I'm going to... Shit! Son of a bitch!
Why do you hate Phil so much?
You made me do it, you bastard!
Shit.
You two stole the body.
Theft.
What the hell are you doing?
God damn!
Does this look like a yellow hearse to you, asshole?
We're in the desert.
I am dead, then?
Shit.
Gloria Russell, as every nightmare she has ever had comes true -- the fucking letter opener isn't in her purse and as she screams again -- Luther, cursing to himself, forcing his way out the window and it isn't easy, but he makes it and then the rope slips in his hands and for one precarious moment, he is in serious trouble and...
Shit!
Luther, running through the woods -- he can hear THEM now, and he knows they're closing on him and he glances back -- -- and smashes into a fucking tree!... hard... and it rocks him, drops him to his knees -- Collin and he could be jet propelled.
Luther, throwing the car door open, ripping off his backpack, tossing it inside, jumping in behind the wheel.
Luther, in the car, GUNNING AWAY.
But she was looking toward the bed -- what in hell was she looking at?
He wears a battered hat.
The elevator and Hawthorne slowly getting out, heading toward a corner apartment, taking out some keys -- -- there are three locks on the door... he takes out keys -- Hawthorne walks in, puts the suitcases down, flings his hat toward a long sofa -- -- it's Luther and this, we will come to learn, is what he keeps as his safe house.
-- I hate doing those goddam Asian passport stamps.
Frustrated.
(makes a face) -- I'll be by early -- He hangs up, shuts the suitcase, takes off out the door -- A place we've seen briefly before.
(snappishly) Quit wasting my time -- if he doesn't want you to find him, you're not going to find him.
I meet a lot of asshole cops like you -- guys who O.D.'d on Columbo --Lady, I may be an asshole cop but you don't know me well enough to call me oneThere's something else, isn't there?
(mutters) Fuck... -- And a goddamn WAITER has appeared and is walking out toward Kate.
Luther, taking Kate down to the sidewalk, protecting her body with his body and -- Madness! -- because all goes nuts now as there are shouts and screams and people running this way, that way -- -- Seth is in the center of it all, shouting instructions, racing with Burton out of the building -- )B( ABSOLUTE POWER - Rev. 5/16/96 91.unmarked cars fill the street -- -- a hundred uniformed policemen charge -- -- MOTORCYCLES ROAR in from everywhere -- Kate lies dazed -- staring at the chaos -- here come thirty uniformed policemen -- * -- and here come thirty more -- *McCarty races out of the back of the building, leaps into a SPORTSCAR, GUNS awayCollin disassembles his rifle, scrambles from the vanBurton stays close to Seth, watching it allThe three workmen look down at it all -- then they look at each other in total confusion -- what the fuck is going on?
Three police sergeants on MOTORCYCLES, GUNNING through the crowd.
Kate, standing now, looking down -- and then she sees it -- on the ground where Luther was: a new raincoat and a new hat and -- Seth, and it's all gone wrong and it's all going crazy and there is noise and there are shouts and there are whistles.
On your mother's grave, Kate -- you know I'd kill myself before I'd lie about that.
Luther, in the park, now, suddenly shouting "Shit" as we -- A "DETOUR" sign.
-- there is a SCREECH of BRAKES and a SCREAM -- Luther as he hears the terrible sound, keeps running.
Burton and Collin in their car, driving like hell away.
Scream.
(kneeling close, almost whispering into Collin's ear) I didn't mind you tried to shoot me at the restaurant -- I wouldn't have minded if you'd nailed me at Sullivan's -- part of the job -- (beat) -- but you fucked with blood.
Seth, with a bunch of other officers, standing in front of an office with the name "BILL BURTON" on a plaque -- he opens the door -- )B( ABSOLUTE POWER - Rev. 5/16/96 123.
But why would he stab himself?
COUGH COUGH Fucking shit.
(unpleasantly surprised) What the fuck?!? What?
I- That's fucked up, man!
This building is filled with fuckin' assholes.
Fuck.
It's those fuckin' jaggoffs.
Unfortunately, it's a few more bones, but fortunately, it's hands down the dopest fuckin' shit I ever smoked.
It's like if that Blue Oyster shit and the Afghan Kush I got had a baby, and meanwhile, the craziest Northern Lights and that red-ass Espresso Snowflake had a baby, and then by some miracle those babies met, and fucked - then this would be the shit they'd birth.
Smell it.
Oh shit!
(beat) Fucking scale.
(beat) Shit.
Holy shit!
What the fuck is this thing?
I don't know the exact math, but, pff, you're pretty fucking gong-showed.
It's crazy.
Why the fuck did you come here?
Fuck, two cars.
Cause if you do, I'd appreciate it if you left my shit out of this shit.
Hell yeah, man.
They're crazy mother fuckers.
When I threw it...out...the window... What?
Fuckin' rights, I am.
Mother of fuck!
Let's go! Wait! Why!?! Let go of me! Let's get the fuck out of here!
Fuck!
DING The elevator SUDDENLY STOPS on the second floor.
What the fuck was that?
Well, shut up then!
Make up some bull shit.
What the fuck is that?! Are we on fucking "Lost"?! What the hell is that?! It's them!!! Holy fuck.
Fuck.
Shit!
What the fuck was that?! Fuck!
It was a cheap piece of shit.
Who the fuck knows?!?
Fuck.
Now I'm thinking of the fucking Blair Witch.
(gasp) Wait... (screaming in pain) Shit.
If you don't know then why the hell did you run like that?!?
God, man, you scared the fucking shit out of me.
You fuckin' joshin' me?
Thanks to me! Shut up.
Fuck me.
Is that fucking herpes?
What the fuck!
What the fuck are you doing?
Fuck you man - this is my house!
You fucking nut.
Wait! Dude, we're friends, what the fuck is wrong with you?
Ow! Dude! Are you fucked off that shit again!?! Ow!
They'll kill me!!! Please don't fight!
(pointing at the phone) SAUL!!! Phone!!! What the fuck Red!?! What the fuck is going on!?!
I don't know!!! They're going to kill me!!!
Now tell us- They're gonna come back and kill me!!! Red, you motherfucker.
You're a shitty friend, Red! Fuck the Casino!
Now! Don't look at me, you sellout bastard.
Shit! Fine!
Fuckin' Dale Denton's the other guys name.
Kill Red.
(clutching his bleeding gut) Oh fuck...you shot me, you motherfucker!
Fuckin' Matheson...fuck you!
Get the fuck out of my house!
Fuck.
What the hell happened to you? Dale?
Get the hell out of my house.
What the fuck is going on! (a frustrated beat) Any luck with the cell phones?
"Tell us what you know!" How fuckin' balls was that?
It is fucking pimp.
It's still fucking killing me.
Well, there's a bunch of private ones nearby, but they're into way crazier shit than weed- I can't do it, man.
Oh shit, man!
You dumb fucking fuck!!! HELP ME!!! So... huff ... huff ...fuckin' sorry... huff ...forgot... Don't touch me, you asshole!
I know this shit is all fucked up and I just can't apologize enough.
That's the thing, that's why I- Dale, shut up and listen.
It's fucking over, man.
I was thrown into this situation, I had no control, but I am dealing with it.
You're telling me you think I'm a dumb guy?
It happened because those fucking kids didn't keep that shit on the down low.
She was going to protect us, and now we're wanted for all sorts of crazy shit!
Face down, dead, in your own fuckin' water fountain.
And "b", fuck you, man.
We're exactly the same, and this whole thing's your fucking fault.
The only reason I ever bought weed from you was because you're shit is so good, not because you're cool.
I'll blow his fuckin' brains out if you don't- Oh my god.
What the fuck was that, Budlofsky?
In the leg, you fucking moron!
Throw him in with the other guy, and everyone stay alert.
This is fucked up.
Dale!?! What the fuck?
Did you rat me out, you shitty bastard?
And now I have to die with some asshole.
Saul, I deserved that, because I fucked you.
You actually save me and I'll consider forgiving you for this mad shit.
We can hear you out there, and it's annoying.
Shut the fuck up.
Fuckin' Frank.
Who the fuck is this Dale Denton?
Holy fuck!
Holy fuck!
We beat them.
But how the hell was I going to leave you there after you came to save me?
Fuck that.
Motherfuckers.
Motherfuckers.
Fuck yeah, I'm fine.
Now can we get the fuck out of this shit hole.
(beat) What?
Fuck you guys.
What the fuck are you guys talkin' about?
Fuck this noise!
Shit.
That's why I got upset.
What the fuck is this?
I didn't expect -- What the fuck is going on?
Oh, shit ... Caesar, this is Corky.
I started stealing when I was little.
Usually I can admit that's bullshit.
What's wrong?
Shit, here we go.
If there is one thing I can't stand about sleeping with women, it's all the fucking mind reading.
What the fuck was it?
But they're wrong.
Prick.
The violence.
You are asking me to help you fuck the mob.
You fuck them, you've got to do it right.
Un-fucking- believable!
It's ruined!
I tell you, Mickey Malnato knows his shit, he does.
So Shelly's down on his knees and he's pulling out this bag of money from a safe in the floor and I'm staring at it like "holy fuck!"
I mean, look at it -- And all I can think is how the fuck did he do this when - Bang! Johnnie caps him.
He doesn't want to look like an idiot.
Un-fucking-believable, what this guy did.
Shit! Oh shit!
What happened?! V! What the fuck was it?! Violet?
Caesar, it slipped ... I was trying to get ready ... Oh, fucking Christ ...
Fuck! Fuck!
C! Shit, I'm sorry!
That fuck!
That rat-fuck!
Little shit rat-fuck!
Open your fucking eyes!
Johnnie hates me like I hate him!
I hate that little fuck!
I hate him!
I hate him!
So fucking what?
You think he's going to believe me if I tell him his piss-hole son stole it!
He's out of his fucking mind.
Johnnie ain't going to fuck me!
This is insane!
This is crazy!
The hell I can't!
I need you ... Bullshit!
Caesar ... Shut up, Violet!
Open the fucking case.
I fucking know.
How the fuck can I open it?
Ask your rat-fuck son!
What the fuck?
I think you're fucking crazy!
This isn't happening ... The next one blows off your dick.
A fucking dead man!
That lying fuck.
You lying rat-fuck.
You stupid fuck.
Who's dead?
Who's the dead lying rat-fuck?
Fuck.
... shit.Fuck!
Where's my fucking money?! Fucking cocksuckers!
Where the fuck is it?! Ow.
What the fuck time is it?
Who the fuck was that?
You!? Holy fucking Christ!
Wake up! Come on, you fucking dyke!
Fucking queers make me sick.
And I swear to you that I'm going to kill you for it.
Don't tell him -- Shut up, Violet!
Now, where the fuck is my money?
Ha! What a load of crap.
You're a thug.
You betrayed me!
Bullshit, you killed him.
You did it because you couldn't stand the thought of Johnnie fucking you.
Shut up! Okay, you want business, I'll give you the fucking business.
Fuck.
Son of a bitch ... Mickey will get in.
Holy fuck, Mickey!
Shit, Mick, come on in, let me get you a drink.
Oh Christ, the phone ... That was a fucking stupid thing to do, wasn't it?
They make us do stupid things, don't they.
That fucking Shelly.
I remember I was just staring at all this goddamn money, Shelly down on his knees, and the next thing I know, Johnnie just blows his head off.
What a fucking mess.
Fucking coldcocks Johnnie Marzzone.
Fuck it, I don't need the key.
I didn't need a key to get in here, did I? Who the hell could that be?
I should have let him kill you.
Time to find out if the dyke was stupid enough to lie.
Fuck! Goddammit, Violet!
Oh, you bitch.
You fucking bitch.Oh God, Violet?
I can tell shit from shinolah.
You can tell J. Edgar that I was at a party and I got fifteen fuckin' witnesses.
What the hell is that thing doing out there?
That's her trailer there and I haven't touched a god damn thing.
De shit it come out of my ass!
A turkey is one of the dumbest birds on earth.
I hate him, I hate it.
Now why did you lie to me?
If you can fuck and drive the party starts right now.
(frustrated) You know the light at Sparkwood and 21?
What the hell is this?
Leland leave her alone...
I am the Arm...
CAN - A - DO and U.S. OF FUCKIN' "A" Don't expect a turkey dog in here.
Shit, is that Donna Hayward? (screaming) LAURA (continued) (screaming to Jacques) Get her out of here... get her out.
What's wrong?
(reaches up to touch) Hell, it's on the inside, Pete.
(flips him the rag) The inside is your territory.
I shot him.
I hate asparagus.
I've had enough of your fucking caring.
I am The Arm...
The same reason you're not on a leash, sir because it's demeaning and it chafes like hell.
(beat) I quit.
Middle of winter I busted my butt to Blew it?
Shit.
What the hell are we doing here anyway, Harry?
I don't know, Lloyd, the French are assholes.
Shit.
Who's the dead man threw shit in my eye?
I'm gonna kill those sons-of-bitches!
Hey, stop the car.
Are you crazy?
I think they're a couple of fucking weirdos.
What in hell are those guys up to?
Now I don't know what the hell's going on.
What the fuck...? Where's the goddamn dog?
Stop upsetting my daughter, Helen.
These fuckers are really pissing me off now.
(beat) Then I'm gonna kill 'em for dessert.
You son-of-a-bitch!
But he blamed me.
I've got a ead guy pissed at me.
That's ridiculous.
The bastards killed him.
I wish I knew what the hell they How you doing today, Melvin?
Plus I got the guy to throw in fifty bucks for gas money.
They're riving a goddamn dog!
We're wasting time.
I don't give a shit.
Shut your trap, Gerdie.
You son-of-a-bitch!
Get the hell out more, go skiing, socialize.
Look, leave me alone.
We called it a Bullshit.
It's a message, plain and simple: We killed their bird, now they killed ours.
(at wit's end) I don't know, god damn it!
(o.s.) Are you in there, Harry?
It's broken.
Harry, what are you doing in there?
I'm crazy about you.
Don't play dumb with me, asshole.
The bitch should've told him she was married back at the airport.
I'm the one who stole your girl, Lloyd.
You killed my best friend, you bastard!
Harry!
Get your hands up, asshole!
They slapped this on me and gave me a gun.
Titch, get your coat and hat, go up to the roof and jump off."
I do deny it.
The smell of them.
He steals a glance.
Oh, they'll be angry.
Anger . . .
REV.12/13/89 (YELLOW) Pg.9 That's what you feel ... anger!
REV.12/13/89 (YELLOW) Pg.9 Hell, so do I.
What's wrong?
.. W hat ar e y o u d o i n g ?
We...we all have moments of deja vu, but this was ridiculous.
Here's a dead end.
Whenever I am in here and you hear me typing, or whether you don't hear me typing, whatever the fuck you hear me doing in here, when I am in here that means that I am working - that means don't come in.
Why don't you start right now and get the fuck out of here, hmm?
Here let's get up off the floor.
You son of a bitch!
I could really write my own ticket if I went back to Boulder now, couldn't I? Shovellings out driveways, work in a car wash - any of that appeal to you? Jack... Wendy, I have let you fuck up my life so far, but I'm not going to let you fuck this up!
One of them actually stole a packet of matches and tried to burn it down.
This is Dick, Dick Halloran.
(into phone) What the hell are you doing down there?
You've had your whole fucking life to think things over - what's good a few minutes more going to do you now?
I said 'I'm not going to hurt you... I'm just going to bash your brains in!' I'm going to bash them right the fuck in.
Goddamn!
This angry music all by itself.
I'm losing it.
(too earnest) It was my fault.
He had these ridiculous bangs.
Angry rock and roll.
He killed her and-- This is the Feur thing?
Are you angry at me? What?
Sabotage?
Who? (scoffing) Give me that shit.
Are you mad at me? Listen to me.
You were upset.
I don't want to make you angry.
I don't like this, this... (pinning his hands above his head) Why don't you shut up and fuck me, Professor.
We were having troubles.
So you fucked a student?! (reaching for her) That's not what I'm sayi-- (pulling back) DON'T touch me.
I never asked you to quit! ...Oh BULLSHIT.
And then when you did, you hated me for it... so you gave it all to her.
And I slipped.
On a two lane road?
I'm a terrible friend.
Jody he was lying.
YOU KEPT THE FUCKING NECKLACE.
She took pills and she killed herself in our house to destroy me!
To destroy us!
Then where's my FUCKING car!
Hey, leave him alone.
Because this strung-out junkie is too stupid to get out of this without killing somebody.
Save that shit for the sniper school.
Wasting time is half my job.
Fuck him.
I don't give a damn what Solis said.
(like hell) A little late for that, Scottie.
I've proved that, didn't I? Oh, hell, forget it.
In a few weeks you'll be back on top, and you'll shut me out just as soon as you don't need me again.
You told Antonucci that shit came from me.
You fucking idiot!
God damn it!
She keeps screaming to stay out.
He keeps screaming to stay out.
(shrieking) No, Raymond! (to Roper) Stay the fuck out of here!
She's the one to blame.
I'm out on the streets looking for work and this bitch is banging some asshole in my bed.
It's out of our hands" Fuck them!
Fuck them!
FUCK THEM! (deep sigh) I'm gonna kill her and then I'm gonna kill myself, 'cause I don't wanna live anymore.
And why the fuck would you do that for me?
Who the fuck are you, Mother Teresa?
Do you think because the police department issued you a sniper rifle, it makes you God! What the fuck goes on in your head?
(still angry) You think I've never had a gun pulled on me?!
You think every fucking time someone pulls a gun they use it?! Eighty-five percent of domestic disturbances of this nature end in murder/suicide.
Thou shall not kill... You've killed, right?
I'll never be as good a liar as you.
(to Roper) Who the fuck's Russell?!
Leave her alone!
Shit! Where'd that shot come from?
Damnit!
What the fuck is going on.
I don't give a shit about you or your fucking friends.
Shut the fuck up! Get on your radio and get the police here.
I had a fucking eight thousand dollar watch.
You're threatening me?
You think I give a fuck?
You motherfucker, I swear I'll kill you!
Get the fuck out of here!
You're too fucking stupid to know that?
It's not just the particles man, it's the whole fucking machine, this is how they get assassins to operate.
That son of a bitch.
If he... (continuing; to himself) He's fucking with you, Scott, be cool... keep your head.
He's gonna kill her no matter what.
You're asking me to put my fucking job on the line!
(continuing) What if it were Mary? (beat) You'd break every fucking rule in the book... wouldn't you?
Shut the fuck up and do what I say!
Bag on the floor.
Oh, shit, in all the excitement I almost forgot.
No shit, this I gotta see... (continuing) Fuckin' cool, huh?
Roper, move... Well, hate to run but I've got a plane to catch.
(grins) You could move, but then... (continuing) Sure hate to be in your shoes.
What the hell's going on?
McCall, stop him, stop the car!
McCall, shoot the son of a bitch!
Nothing but a bag of shit!
(continuing) Go on, you stupid fuck, look at it!
You fuck!!! I've never seen sea so blue.
...the hell are you talking about?
You talkin' about gettin' 'nekked?' (off her look) Shit, I thought you were talkin' bout, you know... the "M" word.
The hell I am! (amused) Prude.
Shut up, Harriet.
(he laughs to himself) But what the hell.
God fucking dammit!
Shit! Fuck.
(still angry) I'm sorry.
I hated my third grade teacher.
(he laughs to himself) But what the hell.
I hate boats.
I hate them.
You've got me listening to this garbage.
(angry) Get in the car right this minute.
Is it a twitch?
Is this crazy?
Lady, what the hell are you doing?
We hit it off.
(cheerfully) I hate it.
(leaping down) You've been asking for this, Flintstone... I'm gonna kick your fat butt -- Fat butt?
Are you crazy?
(pacing, angry) Our workers are trained in first aid, our equipment is first rate and our dinos are worm free.
Oh, she was getting to me too with all that mastodon snort about her little nephew... and... And? And... if a friend can't help you do something stupid, who can? What do we tell the boys?
With angry grumbles and threats, the meeting breaks up.
Fezzes are thrown into cubby holes and hard hats are slapped on.
Down the road, we see Piltdown leading the angry mob.
AD LIB angry cheers, and the mob storms into the plant, knocking aside equipment and supplies.
Both pedaling like mad.
Piltdown and Pyrite stand back while the angry workers rush past them.
Are you gonna keep covering for Barney, keep pulling his acornsauruses out of the fire... or are you going to concentrate on your own important duties?
He suddenly rips it off in a fury.
Then he grabs a lawn chair from the yard, begins to smash it in a fury against the divider.
His anger spent, he stands panting, splattered with dirt... then he sees --standing in the ruins of the wall.
(noticing his ruined tuxedo) Boy, the rental place is gonna be mad... (eyeing the mess) ...
Suddenly both officers react to the sound of SKIDDING TIRES and HONKING HORNS.
Real chip off the old block, ain't he? Embarrassed, Mrs. Slate grabs the kid by the neck, practically throws him at the cable.
This whole mission sucks!
Will she wake up less annoying?
Explosions rock the ship.
How much is your revenge worth, Major?
We're losing her.
Crush.
Crush!
Kill! Destroy!
Crush.
Destroy.
Crush!
Kill! Destroy!
You really need to shut up.
Damn.
What the hell happened in here?
Little thing was hungry.
John, get the hell out of there.
Open, damn you.
I warned you not to come aboard this cursed craft.
Can you hit them again?
Damn.
Damn.
What the hell is going on?
(off WILL's stare) Damn it.
(hook) You killed my family (jab) You stole my son.
Robbed by time.
Over the noise of the train.
Pairs of rude homemade shoes line a work bench.
A noise in the hall stops him.
But you see what a fool he is, a self-serving puritanical idiot.
He pounds again and again.
Valentin is up, immediately.
He turns to her...his face red with anger and frustration.
I hate to say it but the Countess has become more and more dangerous.
We pan to the french doors to see Sofya furious face as she listens to the betrayal.
Now... (mumbles) Can I not...Can I not have... His face is red, his body rigid with anger.
Ruin us.
He'd be upset?
Sofya begins to sob.
And you are a stone-hearted bitch of a daughter.
Sofya screams after her.
You're so full of anger."
You lied to him.
Why do you have to deny that?
You're hurting me!
What's wrong?
Prisoner.
For a man pissing razor blades.
Damn.
Here... ...make your blood curdle.
McGEE (pause) Boy, you are under arrest for murder.
I interrupt?
I had an angry call from the state capital about twenty minutes ago.
As I was saying, I don't believe they actually shake their dicks, Harry.
I want a fried chicken dinner with gravy on the taters, I want to shit in your hat, and I got to have Mae West sit on my face, because I am one horny motherfucker!
Shut up, Brutal.
Same goddamn thing.
Get that idiot out of the chair...
You gotta hate the new boy?
You too, Percy! (off Percy's hesitation) Percy, goddamn it, get your feet out of cement and help us out here!
Son of a bitch pissed on me! Hey, d'jall like that?
Dumb sonovabitch sat with his back to the door and kilt by a drunk!
Percy, you shit.
Just who the hell do you think you are-- We're the people you work with, Percy, but not for long.
Bullying me?
It's dry! Don't you tell him to stop.
What the hell's happening to him?...Are those clamps going to hold?...Christ, the smell!...Is this normal?
You want me to shut down while he's still alive?
You watch, you son of a bitch!
What the fuck was that?
And the smell!
I got Van Hay to open both doors, but that smell won't come out for five damn years, that's what I'm betting!
And that asshole Wharton is singing about it!
Damn right.
(beat) So.
Shit, for five bucks, you was never nowhere.
Yeah, hot in here.
Hell, yes, I been behaved.
C'mon, now, don't be stingy hogs.
Unless they serve 'em down in hell.
Payback.
One more time--what do you say if somebody comes by? Coffey got upset, so we put him in the restraint room.
I'm not dressed for visitors, you rat's asshole!
He's choking!
Whatever he sucked out of her, he's choking on it!
Wild Bill's making noises like he's gonna wake up... (notices Coffey) What the hell's wrong with him?
Damn.
We still gotta convince a certain somebody to keep his trap shut.
Now! Now! Right n-- You shut up and listen.
Piss off, you wrinkeldy old bitch.
Who the hell you think you are?
Get out, you ignorant man.
Edgecomb Gonna be a new lock on this door.
(dazed.
(explodes) What a BITCH!
(incredulous) What?
(indignantly) Who the hell are you?
Are you saying this is illegal?
Have you got a 27B/6?
What a pathetic thing I am.
Damn! Blast!
What! Shit!
Oh shit!
Was I wrong?
(annoyed) Sam, there are very rigid parameters laid down to avoid that event but Buttle's heart condition did not appear on Tuttle's file.
There's no procedure for that until she's been arrested.
Hold on, sonny ... let's see your Shit ... it's here somewhere.
My name's Lowry, Sam Lowry - Expediting ... can't this wait?
STAIRS DAY 75a (sweetly) You're a stupid, fat arsed, obstructive, fascist moron aren't you?
And if you don't stamp this form I'm going to blow the place up! (shouting) STOP!
(desperate) Bloody hell!
I mean, in my dreams you I don't want to hear about your fucking dreams!
It's my fucking life.
I left the flat.
terrorists?
They're going to arrest you.
You're mad! You're out of your mind!
(looking behind) Shit!
This is a hell of a time to buy a nightie.
Leave me alone!
What have you done to my flat?
(stopping them) No, no, no, Arthur, you're going flat on that G. It's your breathing.
(as they struggle with him) You Turncoat Bastard!
Thrown in the towel.
Jack?... Jack? (hysterically from behind mask) Shut up! Jack, I'm innocent!
You stupid bastard!
You shit!
Jack ... (pulling down mask) Shut up!
(not much heat) Goddamn thing.
They dumped you.
Shit, baby, I'm sorry.
(buck-toothed speech) Stop what?
Looking for sin, go to hell."
Fuckin' A. Winchester .22.
Wolff, you are so full of shit.
(after a beat) 'Fuck you.' That's one obscene word.
Caroline goes into the bedroom, shuts the door.
You lie...
(it bursts out of him) And I hate the way I am anymore!
The hell you say.
(to Pearl) Shut your pie-hole.
You act like an idiot, you look fine.
Oh piss and moan -- all you can do is piss and moan.
I said to hell with the budget and bought a roast.
Who the hell cares?
Hot damn!
Then I give him a sucker punch in the breadbasket, and he goes down like a... No, no.
Now you can always kick somebody in the balls, but I like this one better: What you do is hit 'em in the throat with the side of your forearm.
Hit 'em in the throat, but do it before they're expecting it.
Jesus, I trade some old piece of crap for a valuable hunting dog, and all you can do is piss and moan.
Then he doubles up his fist and slams it into the back of Toby's neck.
Oh, Psycho, shut up.
Chuck Bolger's CAR SCREECHES to a halt, and Toby exits, followed by an empty Hawaiian Punch can which someone tosses after him.
I shut his water off good!
Boy, you irritate me.
I got the scholarship and he went nuts.
(screams it) I'm leaving!
Miss Liar.
Miss Whore Liar.
Dwight makes a terrible noise of frustration and rage, doubles his fists, and starts toward Caroline.
Immediately Toby grabs the baseball bat and holds it out, ready to strike, as the two begin to back toward the door.
Angry clouds.
Why do I bother?
War is hell.
Are you crazy?
The one with mad cow-diseased hamburger meat for brains?
Let's get the fuck out of here, then.
Rage.
I hate to tell you this, but I'm not your problem anymore.
If you scream, the bad guys are going to come and burn down your house.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
What an asshole.
It was a five-watt FM bug, so we should be in range - So then I told her, "Harriet, with potato salad like that it's no wonder Ray-Ray's cheating on you."
I warned you I'd come.
Overbearing.
Why do you steal from yours?
I don't need any more bullshit right now.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Fuck you.
Stupid bitch.
(yelling) What is wrong with you?
I'm sick of you being angry.
I want to be angry!
Did you get punched?
Give me a break.
Hot damn.
I'm dying.
Put your hat back on, fool.
I hate that little wooden puppet.
Shrek the Third - Final Screening Script 22. Mabel, remember how you couldn't get your little fat foot into that tiny glass slipper?
Shut it, Wendy!
The only thing you're ever gonna be King of is "King of the Stupids."
If you think this whole mad scene ain't dope, I feel you dude.
Attack!
Ya cowards!
And there ain't nothing you can do to stop him!
Ugh! Kill it!
(he fake screams) Ooh!!!
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.
Damn, it's after midnight.
SLAM! Sophina shuts the door on him.
What the Fuck you say about my Mom bruh?
Fuck you and that bitch.
You cheated!
At that point, I realized my teachers was lying to me.
Man fuck that.
That shit hard as fuck.
Oscar gives Brandon a "What the fuck are you talking about" look.
Shitty reason.
For real? Shit you not man.
Shit man.
This shit packed bruh.
Why the fuck you keep pointing that taser at me, bitch?
He straddles him and handcuffs his wrists behind his back.
Sit the fuck back down!
Cato sees the punch.
What the fuck?
What the fuck is you doing bruh?
Hey, hey officer, this shit is brutality!
What the fuck you doing to them?
Fuckin fake ass cops.
Goldenrod (7/19/2012) 98. (whispering) This is a shit show.
Keep these assholes secured, I'm gonna check the train for witnesses.
Here at the Fruitvale station-- What the fuck happened?
That's my fucking baby daddy right there!
Did they fucking kill him?
He quickly boards the ambulance, they shut the door in Sophina's face.
Wanda screams.
Shit, Shit, we gotta get him upstairs!
I have a few people here, I can't really chat right now.Did you just say Well, I can't talk though -- You just fucking said "chat," that is so -- what are you now? "chat."
Holy shit.
Do you remember when we used to call you gay and you'd get all mad? -- we were calling you gay and you got so mad that you threw a hammer through the sliding glass door -- do you remember?
We were calling you Gay Boy and you got so mad.... Yes, yes, right.
The hammer that you threw....why did you have it?
Yeah....? So...Jack...are you stroking that big fat fucking cock of yours?
I'm not being scared, you're just going to rag me if I do this -- I'm not gonna rag you.
What's wrong with you?
He's lying.
Don't -- I'll relax your fucking head -- this is my personal space, man, this is my personal fucking space, you don't violate that, you don't do that.
Shut up, Dean.
You made a fucking sex call and now you're gonna pay.
Where the fuck are you going?
This is a bunch of bullshit.
No she didn't; that's a lie.
There is no reason for you to treat me like you do -- you're killing me, you are killing me with the way that you are towards me --what are you talking about, come on -- all I want is the number of where she's staying and that should be god damn good enough, now stop treating me this way, please -- Just Give Me The Number Elizabeth Please Now I think I will kill you if you don't.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Get on the ground, man -- get on the fucking -- Are you ok?
Hello, my name is Barry Egan and I called your service -- Why don't you shut the fuck up?
I said calm down and shut the fuck up.
Inside are ROPES, HANDCUFFS and an assortment of SEXUAL This guy was into some kinky shit.
That his girlfriend fucked him to death?
(beat) Did you kill him?
Rebecca Lawson, you're under arrest for the murder of Andrew Marsh.
That's too bad.
Frank -- I know you're busy, but Michael asked me after dinner if you were angry with him.
How you're really concentrating on what you're doing -- and you lose track of time and you come home late and Mom yells at you? Yeah.
Because, I'm your attorney.
You lied to me! What?
(Yelling) That's not good enough, Goddamit!
What's wrong?
Why did you lie to me?
What did they argue about?
You're lying.
I was jealous.
Objection.
She said she was going to fuck me like I've never been fucked before.
I'm a cold, heartless bitch -- and this is their chance for pay-back for every woman that's ever blown them off in a bar.
How? Objection!
While I was seeing Dr. Paley I mentioned to him one night that someone was stealing drugs from the third floor dispensary.
That must have made you pretty angry?
You see that's what bothers me.
Because you were jealous.
Because he cut you out of the will.
It's more involved than that.
(screaming) Frank -- stop it!
You've got to kill me.
Shut up, Rebecca.
Give me the gun and I'll do it for you.
This is a fucking stickup!
I can't make it... Hey, for christ's sake... now... fuckin' asshole... (turns to Sal) He can't make it.
Fuck him - let him out!
Oh - Maria! Who the hell is that?
God damn it!
They'll shoot you; the fucking cops'll shoot you... they don't give a damn.
You see what they did in Attica, they shot everybody, the hostages, prisoners, cops, guards, forty-two people they killed, the innocent with the guilty.
I thought the sons of bitches would be overwhelmed with remorse at the sight of a police officer.
(bursting out) Who the fuck are you tryin' to con me into some deal?
You know it, you can't talk for them, you're some flunky pig tryin' to bullshit me.
Now God damn it, get somebody in charge here to talk to me! Calm down, you're not... Calm down... look at this, look at him...! (continuing) They wanna kill me so bad they can taste it!
(screaming) Attica!
Blow off the front of the whole God damn bank!
Why rob a bank when you got a sucker for a mother?
What the fuck you tryin' to do?
Let's say I put a gun to your head and I tell you to kill a cop... and you did.
Jesus Christ is coming back and he's really pissed.
(pleasantly) Fuck you, sir - if I'm right, I don't need you.
You think if Sal and me have cut their throats we're gonna let you out?
The man that kills me, I want him to do it because he hates my guts.
What the fuck you tryin' to tell me? (quiet) What I said.
Those bastards -- they poisoned the pizza!
What's wrong?
They're a bunch of crazy people there.
To hell with a guy who doesn't know where Wyoming is.
What are they... crazy?
That's bullshit, Leon.
Don't listen to that shit!
I gotta listen to it if they think... Shit...
(annoyed) That's great.
Who the fuck is on the phone... anyway?
Now... would you get the fuck off the phone?
(moody) Yeah... yeah.
Who needs this shit?
What's wrong with that?
For God's sake don't start in on Heidi again... Did I say a thing against her? God forbid I should say anything against that fat cunt.
What the hell for?
I'm the most dangerous person in the world, because if I love you, watch out, you're gonna get fucked, fucked over and fucked out!
This really pissed him off, Sonny.
(elated) Fuck!
We hit a bump and the fuckin' gun'll go off.
Let's move it, goddamn it.
He was obnoxious.
No, not until after they killed him.
You punch in at 8:30 every morning except you punch in at 7:30 following a business holiday unless it's a Monday and then you punch in at eight o'clock!
You punch in at 7:45 whenever we work extended day and you punch out at the regular time unless you've worked through lunch!
What's exte -- Punch in late and they dock ya!
Well... if ya fold 'em, they fire ya... ...I usually throw 'em out.
It's a blue letter... top, top level... confidential communication between the brass... usually bad news... they hate blue letters upstairs... Hate 'em! You! ...Yeah, you!
Damn! (musing to himself) What the heck.
Hell, I'd even train my poodle with it if he wasn't a French poodle and more partial to the pages of Paree Soir!
Where the hell have you been!
Can you beat that!
Archer's not gonna go goey for a corn-fed idiot.
(angry) Say, what gives?
What the hell is ailin' ya?!
Dammit, boy, It's a range war!
Bad.
Too bad.
Will it break?
Is there an object?
I used to think you were a swell guy -- well, to be honest I thought you were an imbecile -- Now, Aim -- Shutup! -- but then I figured out you were a swell guy, a little slow maybe, but a swell guy!
...Why, this is worthless.
You're not putting me out to pasture, Al, I quit!
You lied to me!
But, Buzz, you know I never -- And Sid says you stole it!
What the heck have I done?
Holmes, I warn you.
I've often been accused of being cold and unemotional.
Damn right.
(he rises, rubbing his neck) That damn couch.
(Gabrielle stops) You are Gabrielle Valladon.
(putting down hat and cane) And how are you, Mycroft?
My master and mistress and I are our way to Inverness.
Asphyxiation.
They destroyed the simulator room and you with it.
Damn it, Jim, what the hell's the matter?
Damn it, why isn't there a girl here?
(continuing) What the hell is this?
Damn! Hurry!
You lie!
Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
(annoyed with himself) Sorry.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
Damn.
Lock on target and prepare to fire.
They're locking phasers -- !
(continuing) Uhura, turn off those damn channels!!
Damn.
But we beat him...
I'm Admiral Kirk... We were still there , you dumb bastard!
What's the delay?
Visuals won't function and shields will be useless.
We daren't follow them into the nebula, sir -- our shields will be useless...
We have Genesis -- Whatever you want -- Full power damn you !
You can't get away... From hell's heart I stab at thee... (amid the pain) For hate's sake...
That would be such a shitty article -- nobody would read it.
* She's hot!
Remember when I was shit-faced and took that Q & A pamphlet from there?
(laughs) Holy shit!
What crack?
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
What the fuck are you doing?! (caught) I didn't mean to!
* (frustrated) Get outta here NOW! (pleads) C'mon...can't we drink together?
That shit saved my life, though.
My first three months were such hell.
They get to the door.
Hell has frozen over.
(to Charlie; slightly annoyed) Drink if you want to, Charlie.
Assholes Anonymous.
(beat) Bastard.
I'm hanging here.
No -- of course not! `Cause my mom says that when you kill a baby you go to hell and you can't even go to church to ask god for forgiveness.
Another boy -- TOBY -- asks -- Mrs. Hannah -- are you going to hell?
Does it matter that I lied?
You lied.
I lied to my class again.
Telling kids fucked-up stuff is totally funny...in, you know -- a kinda fucked-up way.
Well, I feel like a piece of shit for lying.
To make drama out of nothing?
Beat.
Is it cancer?
Principal Barnes goes from concerned -- to angry.
I mean, I think my husband might hate me, and -- I'm sorry, but what you did is totally irresponsible.
And that I lied.
I'm a fuck-up.
Stop it -- you aren't my pal.
I go to AA and sober my husband and I start fighting and stop fucking -- and sober I get fired!
Fuck yeah you were.
It's the rest of the shit that's hard.
You're really wasted.
I wanna fuck.
No! I want you to fuck me!
Be a man and fuck your wife!
Kate has become quite angry and belligerent by this point -- and begins picking up HOUSEHOLD OBJECTS and throwing them at Charlie.
Fucked up family, fired from my job -- this marriage.
(beat) I'd piss my pants, but I was still cute.
And that shit happened SOBER!
Another shitty slogan I've heard in the rooms is that when you're sober for a bit and drink again "the disease waits for you, picks up where it left off."
(beat) I'm sorry you guys, but I HATE those slogans.
Man, shut up! Hey, Jimmy.
Damn cable.
Fuck me! Yes! Uh... (choking) Must...be...broken... What the heck is this?
Turn that garbage off!
Illegal channels?
Shit, if there's any channel that should be illegal, it's whatever that women's channel is.
Oh shit dude, the L-word!
I'm fuckin' impressed.
(half-joking) Stifler, you're such an asshole.
Shit, I'd drop her like a steaming turd.
(momentarily puzzled) I do when I'm throwing them at your mom, you damn freak.
At least now I know what the hell they're saying.
You know, I've never got that shit.
Oh, shit!
(hysterical, toppling over) You actually said that?! Haaaah!! Shut the fuck up.
I'm a fraud.
STIFLER (O.S.)(cont'd) (yelling) Suck me, beautiful!
(a little angry) Steve!
That chick -- is a MILF!
(snapping) Dammit!
If Sherman has sex before I do, I'm gonna be really fucking pissed.
This blowjob thing is bullshit!
Not for you.I am the Ow, what the hell?
That's how I was duped.
What did you cocks do to him?
Shit, if Coach Marshall sees this, he'll kick Oz off the team on principle alone.
What the fuck are you doing here?
What the hell was that?
Music is so expressive.
I was being selfish.
And I'm a total idiot.
Hell, I'm fifty-two, and I still enjoy masturbating.
What the hell are you doing here?
You're a jerk.
(interrupting) I'll do it.
(annoyed) Why are you doing this?
Fuck me! You're gonna have a naked Eastern-European chick in your house, and you're telling me you're not gonna take advantage of that?
Well...dammit, if I'm doing this, how the hell am I gonna watch?
No, you're stupid.
Oh...oh...oh, shit!
Ho-lee shit.
Bummer.
(mutters) Holy shit.
Holy shit! (unison) Touch me Jim...here.
You know what I do when I'm angry?
You have no idea why I'm angry?
You gotta be fucking kidding.
No. Then what the hell are you talking about?
I don't think he's gonna have a problem shitting in school anymore.
You're gonna shit your pants!
What the fuck is this?
Fuck, you guys are right, I don't know what I'm doing.
You guys are gonna fuck, aren't you!? No! Get out of here!
You know that's (cracking up) really a shitty middle name!
Fuck yeah we will.
Yes, your fuckin' majesty!
Well now you're gonna do nothing someplace else! (louder, to all fighters; pointing:) Now listen--one of these days I'm gonna run this whole block, and I see any you in here again--any you-- I'll bust your fuckin' hole! (to Freddie) Throw `em out on their ass.
(back to Burt) What the fuck is this?
I got a lot invested in that club and I can't let it get fucked up.
Nothing's gonna get fucked up, Bobby.
[You] Fuckin' broadsided me... Everything's about the goddamned job with you.
Whole city's falling apart, Bobby-- don't you got any sense of responsibility at all? C'mon... Get off your fuckin' high horse and bust somebody else's balls.
One of our Irish brothers was killed in the line of duty last night--detective Edward Conlon was gunned down serving a warrant on Northern Boulevard.
Yeah...you know, cops're fucked up.
Goddamnit... [She's] With that fuckin' animal again.
Look at him... I'll tell you, [when] this is my place, we'll kick his fuckin' ass right outta here-- Bob!
They stood him up against the wall and held him-- They fuckin' pulled down his pants, and I swear to God, Nezhinski just cut it off.
Anyway, cops found his head in the middle of Brighton Avenue the next day--fuckin' dick was in his mouth.
Shit... I'll be right back.
This is the fuckin' guy right here.
Best fuckin' middleweight in the Ukraine.
Holy shit!
Gimme your shit!
He stabbed himself, he was a bundle guy.
Fuckin' around with your little Puerto Rican all day-- What did you call her?
Fuckin' loser...
You come at me like that...? Don't come around me no more--I don't wanna have to look at your fuckin' face ever again.
Fine with me, you motherfucker!
Get us onto the expressway... Move!
Two fucking queens!
What's wrong?
Fuck you, man!
For you-- No--it's gonna be a fuckin' scene.
What the fuck?!? Take it easy, TAKE IT EASY! Calm down and everything'll be, uh, non compos mentis!
Why don't you go somewhere and pick a fight--you're good at that! Chief, the union sent a shrink over for you-- Nah, I don't want that crap.
I'm fuckin' bustin' heads, like Bruce Lee--I'm fuckin' bustin' heads-- Oh, `scuse me, sorry about that.
You know-- (moves closer; I still got my shit coming in.
Police are a fuckin' joke, dude-- the Mickey Mouse ain't gonna do nothing.
On us?!? Yeah... We gotta go bust `em, Burt--right now.
You piss in your pants, you only stay warm for so long.
These motherfuckers--they were gonna come after my father.
Shut your fuckin' mouth and do it!
You fucked up?
See his fuckin' face.
It's too fuckin' dangerous now.
We gotta ride this out, `til this fuckin' thing is over.
You gonna fuckin' catch these guys?
They destroyed my family.
I mean, I help find Nezhinski, we don't gotta live like this the rest of our lives--moving every three fuckin' days... Bobby, I don't know if I can be here no more.
What the fuck you doin'?
Well, you tell Narcotics Queens we got an A-1 sale hanging over our head and either they help us or we fuckin' take it out on `em later!
Calm the fuck down!
You tell me, right now-- Where's your fuckin' spot?!?
I got your money man, but my shit's running low.
Lookit the two of them...they're so fuckin' close... Okay--when they complete the sale, that's when we move.
Put him in the fuckin' van... Don't touch him... Bobby!
You don't mind getting on people's nerves, do you?
(clearing his throat) The C.I.A. (stunned) Holy shit.
What the hell does that mean?
What the hell were you doing rewriting my story-- --I sure couldn't hurt it, could I?-- --it was fine the way it was-- --it was bullshit the way it was-- --I have to stand here and listen to the staff correspondent from Virginia?-- (a sore subject) --what have you been here, nine months?--I been in this business since I was sixteen-- --and you've had some fucking meteoric rise, that's for sure--by the time you turn forty you might be the head of the Montana bureau-- --you only got the job because both you and Bradlee went to Yale-- --Bradlee went to Harvard-- --they're all the same, all those Ivy League places--they teach you about striped ties and suddenly you're smart-- --I'm smart enough to know my story was solid-- --mine's better--
--no way-- (handing them over) --read 'em both and you'll see-- ...crap... Is mine better?
(WOODWARD nods, BERNSTEIN sits down) Listen, I'm sorry I said your story was bullshit.
(points to Nixon) It can't be the Republicans--he'd never allow something as stupid as this, not when he's gonna slaughter McGovern anyway.
I was wrong.
(slams the door) What now?
That was your spiel then.
Carl Bernstein's here to see you--I don't know why, but he seems angry-- (to DARDIS) Look, you've been jerking my chain all day.
--you are ignoring the importance of the Dahlberg repercussions-- --nobody gives a shit about the Dahlberg repercussions-- (to NATIONAL EDITOR) --quit equivocating, say what you mean-- (to SIMONS and BRADLEE) --our story got Government Accounting to start an audit on CREEP's finances-- --and we printed that, didn't we, Harry?
(sits on the table, talks quietly on) Why would the burglars have put the tape around the door instead of up and down unless they wanted to get caught?
I'm standing there washing it and it's splashing all over me and the editor comes in to take a leak, and he says, "What the fuck do you think you're doing?"
I'm Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and I hate to bother you at home-- --I already get the Post.
And that something's got to be more than just Hunt, Liddy, and the five burglars--those indictments are gonna be bullshit when they come down.
I hate both parties.
You want me to be the bastard.
And when he was done, he turned to his top guy and the President said, "Call Ben Bradlee and tell him fuck you."
If they ever start calling us goddamn liars-- (little pause) --it's time to start circling the wagons.
I thought you guys were supposed to be working on this story-- (to BERNSTEIN who tears in--) --you think I like being aced out? --what?-- --The L.A. Times has a huge interview with Baldwin-- --the lookout in the Motor Inn?-- (WOODWARD nods) --he say anything we don't know?-- (headshake) --just that a lot of reports were sent to CREEP, but he doesn't name who, not here anyway-- --it would have been nice to have had this, I sure would have liked to have had this-- --there's nothing new in it-- --it makes the break-in real--it's a major goddamn story-- (starts out) --I'm not going to kick ass over this, but I'd like you to know I hate getting beat, I just hate it-- don't forget that I hate it-- Goddamnit-- --shit-- --we gotta top the Times-- --I know, I know-- --if we could name the guys got the reports, we'd be ahead again-- --shit, who do we know?-- --I know a lawyer at Justice-- --has he got an ax?-- --almost every source we've used has been Republican, this guy's a card- carrying Democrat.
If he can't pick a winner at Pimlico, to hell with him.
--I want you to shut up and listen to me-- --I haven't said anything-- --for the first time I'm beginning to feel like a fucking reporter-- Woodward, I got a tip.
(stunned) Fifty ratfuckers directed by the White House to destroy the Democrats?
(They don't) --because-- --because our cocks are on the chopping block and you've got to be sure that you're not just dealing with people who hate Richard Nixon and want to get him through us.
You see, I don't give a shit who's President--I really don't, it's an adversary situation between them and us and it's always gonna be.
I never had a closer friend than Jack Kennedy and once I printed something that pissed him off and for seven months I didn't exist.
OK, you've had your preamble; who the hell are you?
You were wrong.
not some goddamn zany, I was a hawk-- --Harry, weren't you just arguing the opposite way?-- --maybe I'm tense-- --well shit, we oughtta be tense-- we're about to accuse Mr. Haldeman who only happens to be the second most important man in America of conducting a criminal conspiracy from inside the White House-- (beat) --it would be nice if we were right-- (to the reporters) --you double-checked both sources?-- --Bernstein, are you sure on this story?
--I'll deny everything--everything-- I never talked to you about Haldeman-- I never talked to you about anything-- I'm not talking to you now-- --what went wrong?-- --for Chrissakes just tell that-- --fuck you fuck you fuck you-- (after a while) Woodward?
Fuck it, let's stand by the boys.
Jesus Christ, what time is it?
He's wrong on that last, we're not in the least danger, because nobody gives a shit--what was that Gallup Poll result?
So go home, have a nice hot bath, rest up fifteen minutes if you want before you get your asses back in gear-- (louder now) --because we're under a lot of pressure, too, and you put us there-- not that I want it to worry you-- nothing's riding on you except the First Amendment of the Constitution plus the freedom of the press plus the reputation of a hundred-year-old paper plus the jobs of the two thousand people who work there-- (still building) --but none of that counts as much as this: you fuck up again, I'm gonna lose my temper.
(pause; softer) I promise you, you don't want me to lose my temper.
An insult to the American public-- --the deplorable tactics employed by the Washington Post-- --I have been given access to evidence in possession of the White House and that evidence-- Well, if I was wrong, I sure the hell wasn't alone-- --the fact remains that except for Watergate, we ran one hell of a great campaign... ... Astronomer.
Dead.
Shit! Landon!
You expelling me?
(sleepy, annoyed) I'm not getting up to drive you somewhere.
'Bout what?
(joking) You expelled, too?
But I was wrong.
(annoyed) A hundred.
You going to reward him by being the son he was never man enough to be a father to? (angry) You do that.
It's Jamie -- my girlfriend -- she has cancer -- you have to come look at her -- right now! (calm, trying to diffuse) It's the middle of the night -- I don't give a shit what time it is!
You're mad at Landon -- (furious) I am mad at you!
God accepts your anger.
I was really angry.
We'll move the cars... Can you drive a stick?
But take it easy on that shit.
For five bucks.
That's ridiculous.
(annoyed at his tone) Yeah, I peed in the fountain there once.
Give me a break.
Give me two hundred to the scum bucket and the other hundred to that asshole landlord for part of the rent.
I hate him already.
You're upset, huh?
Upset.
You're being ridiculous.
He hated that.
Stupid stuff.
Wow, are you in deep shit.
That's unfair!
(yells) Dammit Edward, speak to me.
Do you want to know what the crazy son of a bitch did?
Fucking Danny, man... He's an asshole.
Killing himself.
It's Friday.... (a hoarse rasp) Do I give a shit?
He knew how to deal with the assholes.
We make her come with our cocks.
Look at me.... (pokes the gun in Guy's face) You print that shit in the New York Times...I'll kill myself.
Do we have to listen to this shit?
O.L., how come your mother gives you a car when you're too fucking blind to drive?
Hey, O.L., assholes at four o'clock.
Yeah, I'm trying to reach Carla, is she?... Did she get my other message?... No, I'll call back.... Fucking niggers... Fucking niggers?
Fucking gooks!... ...Look, if Hitler had knocked out the RAF in '39, which he could easily, easily have done, he'd have taken England, and the U.S. wouldn't have had -- ...A staging ground for the invasion, yeah.
It's a fucking bloodbath.
I was just curious how full of shit you were.
But it's stupid, right?
No, I don't admit it's stupid.
Fuck you.
(to Billings) Shut up.
You fucking kikes...
Little pishas with your dreams of hatred and killing...
Kill your enemy.
...Insulting people who were in the camps.
They're liars and cowards.
And they know what they hate...which is good.
He's mad, Lina, you know that.
How did you get the fucking number?
Shut the fuck up.
(pressing the advantage) How can you say you hate the Jews when you don't know anything about -- Fuck you.
I hate the Jews at least as much as you do.
If you hated them, you'd study them, so you'd know why you hate them.
He hated Jews.
I said not on the -- Stop it!
So we can only conclude that once again God has intervened to save the Jewish people.... (giving the finger to the TV) Oh, fuck you...
What assholes.
That damn thing.
Fucking kike.
Ridiculous.
Fuck that.
That's your fucking God.... (anticipating his objections) The book's closed.
(a terrible premonition) Who was it?
A prick? Who killed Manzetti?
(turns on him, threatening) Get the fuck away from me.
You're telling me you killed him?
You're lying.
(over her) Fucking kike.
He hated Jews.
Shit... (looking in other places) Did you talk to your mother today?
He gives me any trouble, I'll beat the shit out of him right there in the room.
Drake... Avinu malkenu, choney-nu v'aneyenu... Avinu malkenu, choney-nu v'aneyenu, ki eyn banu ma-asim... (Our father, out king, graciously answer us though we are undeserving...) -- nu va-aneynu... Drake, I'm right here.... (from the door) Let them kill each other.
Please - Please, nothin' - I paid for this dog and can do whatever I want with it - I can throw it through the window if I want - Now give me my two dollars back before I do throw it through the window.
(mumbling) ...
She looks at me. (annoyed) Looks, huh? Yeah, like I was a plate of leftovers -- Somethin' wrong with my face -- Whatta I need, a Caddy to connect with ya sister?
(pointing at the wall) I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror.
That was alotta crap to go through for a dinner invite.
... Screw you.
(backpedaling) We'll kill you, man -- We gotta gun.
I gotta use a bad word -- Whore.
... Fuck you, Creepo!!! (walks off) ... Yeah, who're you to give advice, Creepo.
Damn.
Hell with Fourth of July, man!
Fouls.
Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!! (mimes throwing) I usta be deadly at half-ball.
Then why did I bother bringin' it up?
'Bout what?
Do me a favor -- His lungs, punch 'em out.
Why? Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool?
(slaps Bodyguard) No! I'm not kiddin!
(irate) Don't you boys ever interrupt when I'm conductin' business, or I'll kill you both -- Go away.
Readin' fuckin' history books, man! (flushed) We can cut that out later.
What break?
What break!
(continuing) I've been going over your record -- You've been the busy type -- (reading) Nineteen arrests -- probation three times -- expelled from seven public schools in 1964 and '65.
See how fast he is -- damn!
Damn! How's it look?
Balboa drops beneath a left upper cut and lands a very solid shot on Creed's temple -- not much movement from Balboa, duck a left, a right, another left and explodes with a right hook to the temple -- I mean explodes.
... Stop jivin'!
What's wrong with that?
A guy in the bar called me a dumb bitch today.
How hot are they?
What the hell else do you want from a guy?
I wish you'd stop trying to make me mad so I won't care for you...
Here... (continuing) It's cold as hell out these mornings, and you know what the man said, the coldest winter I ever spent was the summer I spent in San Francisco... Son of a bitch.
Whaddya want me to do, go out and steal for the money?
I hated the color anyway; the color sucked... Surprise, Luther.
I thought you were locked up- I want the money, asshole, what do you think?
Aw, come on, what the shit is this?
Hey... Shut up.
What the hell's wrong?
(continuing) He'll blow her goddamn head off.
(continuing) Now, tell him to drop his Goddamn piece.
Goddamn it, do it.
Kick it over here.
You lying son of a bitch... What are you talking about?
They were good cops who fucked up and got careless.
Do me a favor, don't give me a bunch of crap.
Shit.
One of em's in the slam.
Damn you, Cates ... Get in here.
I want to be left alone on this one.
Algren was killed with my gun.
Look, spare me the macho bullshit about your gun... Bullshit?
I'll tell you about bullshit.
It isn't my macho bullshit that's killing people, my gun is ... Look, Jack, if you make everything your personal responsibility, you'll turn into a bad cop.
And if I don't get my job done right... I'm for shit.
Shit.
I don't give a damn.
Your pal nuts enough to take a shot at me? Luther ain't the reliable type.
(continuing) Hammond, Drop the Goddamn gun.
Who gives a fuck what you think?
(continuing) Luther, are you angry with me?
Your big move turned out to be shit.
Come on, Jack ... you're making me work too Goddamn hard at this... Listen, Goddamn it if you think I'm happy about it, you're nuts.
Real amazin' how far a gun and a badge can carry some cats... Bullshit.
Now, stop stallin', man, or else admit all this professional stuff you're talkin' about is a crock of shit.
I thought you said bullshit and experience are all it takes.
Fuck off.
I don't know what the hell you're talkin' about.
I don't give a shit who you ask.
You hear me, motherfucker... (continuing) Move it, rednecks.
It's mine, what the hell...
Motherfucker.
What the shit is that?
Now drop the goddamn gun.
Don't give me that police shit.
Luther knew more than he told me and so do you...Now you better tell we what the fuck this is all about.
Who gives a Goddamn what you think?
I want to know what's going on and I'm going to beat the living shit out of you until you tell me.
You beat the shit out of me?
Now, you bastard, you going to tell me what's going on... (continuing) ... Do I have to kick the shit out of you some more.
And I'm too fucking tired to raise my hands... What the hell's going on here?
Motherfucker.
Me and my bunch hit a dealer in the middle of a sale.
(continuing) Where's the goddamn car?
You son of a bitch.
Shit.
That Goddamn suit is yours?
Shoot the sons of bitches.
(continuing) You don't want to chance it, then give me the gun... (continuing) Bullshit.
I'm a policeman, you asshole!
Shit.
I screwed up.
I fucked up.
Now you're in the shit and so's the department.
This is clean shit.
Fuck you.
Aw, bullshit, you heard wrong.
Okay? (continuing) Bullshit red tape.
(continuing) Oh, shit.
Hi, it's me... Fuck you.
Ganz!Goddamn!
A bus, you goddamn whiskey mick cop, you lost a stolen bus...
When it gets 'round you protect a con rather than nail a cop killer... He's got more brains and more guts in one corner of his asshole than any cop I've worked with.
Go fuck yourself convict.
My friends have guns.
Docks... Shit... Ganz is going to be hard to track.
I guess she went with him before she came outta the Closet ... They both looked mad enough to kill him... Yeah, too bad.
He's a fucking chickenshit cop.
Hey, Jack, real men don't have to go in for that macho bullshit ... but I was fantastic.
Shit.
Yeah, so I don't want to waste your time and bullshit you cause you seem like a wicked busy guy and everything...but..this is gonna sound so stupid... PARKER (cont'd) My girlfriends and I drove all the way up here from Salem State, and I was sort of the dumbass who told everyone that I could cover the lift tickets on my Mom's credit card...but then I left her credit card at the gas station...and so... Right.
Woah! Shit, man!
Ryan, what the hell?
Shit.
(then) Wait, shit.
I'm the best man! (under his breath) Shit.
Ready to shut down?
(teasing) "I don't know why I never have a girlfriend, you guys!" Shut-up.
Are they fucking kidding?
Stop freaking me out.
(then) Remind me to knock down that fucking lift operator when we get down.
This is horse shit.
What the hell?! Well you being all psycho about it isn't gonna make it move.
What is this asshole doing?
Shit! See? That's where smoking gets you.
My legs are shattered, asshole!
I'm throwing mine down.
DAN (cont'd) Shit! Dan, buddy.
She fucking did it.
Shit, that's far.
You can do this, Lynch.
What's wrong?
(gasps) Oh shit!
What the hell do I do?
Is that bad?
5...5...shit, what was it?
(beat) And so will you.
Same old shit.
This fucking fraternity douchebag named Dean who kept sending her flowers and stuff.
I don't know who it was exactly, but every time I'd go to her room some guy named "Dean" had left her notes and shit.
I dumped her.
And all I see is a sea of fucking random people.
I've never felt so stupid and bad in my life.
But if he died only for you and me to give up and die up here, that's bullshit.
So I need you to pull it together, and we're gonna get out of this shit.
She tries to move her body to look back in Lynch's direction and the chair argues back at her with another loud groan and cable noise.
Kill Bandit.
Ah, shit... (nodding to the case) Jensen?
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit... Time?
Hurry... Shut up.
Hurry... Shut up...
Well, that was stupid of me, wasn't it?
And if he's got a throat... We're hiding out in the parking lot of a goddamn McDonald's--You actually think we're in any position to take on some shadowy CIA super- spook?
So what's to stop me from putting a bullet in your head?
Damn.
Hot damn!
We need to hit them in the face, angry up the blood, give them their balls back.
Goddamn Triple A service... Need a hand, buddy?
He's messed up his neck!
Hit it.
...Well, shit.
Shit, I'm losing it!
We are under attack!
Hang in there!
What the hell?
It's welded shut!
Things'll kill you.
Where the hell are you- Fennel.
It's how Max gets the drugs in and out of the country- This is conspiracy theory bullshit- It's not!
Come on, dude, they'd be morons to keep records of shit like this- It's on a stand-alone hard drive!
I love you guys, but I had a life before this shit, and I sure as hell am not going to risk getting it back because you came down with a case of the Dudley Damn Do-Rights!
Don'tcha hate it when Mom and Dad fight?
Who the hell are these people?
Shit.
Now that we know each other, know, please, that if you come near me with any more of that Yankee Doodle tough guy bullshit, you will be fed to my dogs.
It's hot.
And you have... Enough hate to get us both through the day.
I don't give a shit, I do.
The hell you need a satellite for?
The guy in the basement's daughter and she's got a gun and it's pointed... (realizing; not happy) ...at my dick!
Her gun is pointed at my dick!
Shit, she's got back-up!
My dick remains unshot!
I think you're a freak.
Where the hell is my bomb?
Squelch.
Open the door before we kill you.
You can't settle for stealing the drive, you gotta blow up Goliath's shit too.
You know, for a revenge driven conspiracy nut, you're pretty fucking gullible... Jensen, you get it?
Traitor...
Shouldn't have gone after the hat... Can you stand?
Oh, so we're Mr. Grumpy now?
Where the hell is she going?
You lose.
We're going... Damn! (he shakes his head in disbelief) We'll tell the press that there was an accident.
This is crazy.
You stupid son of a bitch!! (screaming) Help me!!
You could have killed us both!! (battling to maintain her grip on the door frame) He's kidnapping me!!! Jesus Christ!!
(to the Man) I told you... Judy, that's stupid.
(brushes it away angrily) Shit.
Shit?
(likes the sound of it) Shit... shit... what shit?
(screams) Stop!! Enough!! Jesus!
(throws the can to the ground) Shit!
(yells) Kidnapped!!! Kidnapped!!! What is kidnapped?!! Kidnapped is what you're doing to me now!!! Kidnapped is pointing a gun at me and taking me from my house!
Jesus Lyman, you're an ignorant fool.
You jerk!
Are you too stupid to see that?
(screams) Stop!!!
The car will stop?
Are you angry at me? No.
Is the man who kidnapped you there now?
You shit!
(screams after it) Asshole!! (shocked) Where did you learn that?
(shouts after him) I will.
You're damn right I am.
Oh, shit! (to the STAR MAN) They're trying to get him.
(reading) "Exposing Hypocrisy in the Morons who Teach Us." That's the little bastard's motto!
Merk's punishment was cruel.
Expulsion without appeal.
Look, I loved "Exposed!" and I hate it that you got busted.
What did I do to deserve this?
Who the hell was your father?
You can smell it.
We're dead.
Dead?
Jealousy is so unattractive.
Beats the heck out of meatloaf.
Jealousy is so unattractive.
This flesh rag is a one way ticket to hell!
But he has no right to stop others.
Now it makes sense, the whole neo Bohemian, down with hypocrisy, fight the power crap.
EXPOSED.
(jealous) A Portuguese boyfriend.
You and your stupid magazine.
Our readers hate it.
HATE IT.
You're destroying "Heaven" much faster from the inside than I ever could from the outside.
No, it's a stupid privacy thing.
(sees Anna) Oh holy fuck.
Oh shit, is that the time?
You prick.
No, you were brilliant I'm rash and I'm stupid and what am I doing with you?
What's wrong?
Bloody hell, I can't believe it -- my whole life ruined because I don't read 'Hello' magazine.
Buggered?
Murdered?
Damn.
It's one hell of a job.
We don't want all this shit cluttering up our lives.
Tell me, would I have to pay a wet rag as much as I pay you?
Go away immediately.
Excuse me -- it's your mother on the phone.
Who the fuck are you?
Because, people do crazy shit when they get fired.
All the things you probably hate about travelling - The recycled air.
I hate asking for directions.
It's basically a fleet of shit boxes - Don't know how they're still in business.
That's my fucking line.
Who the hell are you?
Go fuck yourself.
You know how fucked this place is without me?
You know how fucked this place is without me?
Fucked in the ass, man.
YOUNG ASIAN GUY (cont'd) I am the one thing preventing this place from being totally fucked in the ass.
I'm in! Jennifer Chu? Oh shit!
Screw you.
I don't have a gauntlet of... ... Fuck!
What the fuck is this?!
I'm fifty- seven-fucking years old!
I know you don't give a shit about my comfort.
What's wrong?
What kind of fucked up message is that?
Fuck, you basically don't exist to us.
Last night, the night before your wedding, when all this shit was circling through your head... Weren't you two sleeping in separate rooms?
I'm sorry I'm such a fuck up... Will you be my co-pilot?
But you could have seriously screwed things up for me.
What's got you so fucking happy?
Fuck.
Natalie quit.
Will you guys shut up, please?
Booo! Suck! Wrong answer!
Communism?
(annoyed) Get a boob job.
Jealous?
(continuing) God, where the hell did you come from?
My nails.
They were vampires?
Why are we wasting time with this, anyway?
What nasty bug crawled up your bungus and where the hell are you going?
Where am I gonna find another mechanic stupid enough to work for my money?
He took my fucking arm!
Where you... go towards the guy!
Throw the thing!
The clock's running out! (shouts) Throw the ball!
Besides, Oxnard sucks.
Bitch took my wheels.
Idiot girl.
It's a stupid dance with a bunch of stupid kids that I see every stupid day.
Leave me alone.
(continuing; calls after her) I'm not disappointed, I'm just angry.
She's the one they're mad at.
They'll kill her! They'll kill us! (moving toward Kimberly, fist raised) You want some punch?
Are you nuts, Buffy?
(pissed) That was quick!
And you blow it all off for that slut?! What about my needs?! (cattily, to herself) 'Ooh, make me a woman, Jeffrey... oh, Jeffrey, you're so atheletical...
You're a fool, bloodbag.
(breaking the spell) Have you ever thrown up in the front row of a Richard Marx concert?
You waste time.
SERGEANT HAYTHAM: a lean, 27 year-old Middle-Eastern Policeman in-command of the Entrance.
The PITCHER: an older White Man in his middle forties visibly frustrated.
Pulls the memo, reads it aloud, calm laced with rage.
What was your involvement?
They hate me.
I want in and I want in immediately.
You don't mind my asking, but what the hell you all gonna be doing down there?
This is US Deputy Chief of Mission, the Embassy's second-in-command: DAMON Another 100 Security CONTRACTORS remain vigilant: SNIPERS on roof-tops, in machine-gun nests.
Slow roll... gonna be like when you go deep sea fishing in Florida and you pay seven hundred bucks for the boat and you sit in the ocean for hours and the crew jumps around and screams and points and you think your constantly about to bag a Marlin but you never do and they keep pointing and jumping and- Enough.
Then bites back into his rage: Kill everyone that had something to do with this.
Aaron- (explodes) A child's scream from inside.
There were two officers in the car.
Both were executed.
Intersections shut down.
Team frustration has evolved into angry acceptance.
Semi-grins from the Team: how the fuck did he do that?
The fit.
The Prince locks Al-Ghazi with a mad-dog stare in-between lesson points.
This will be pitched as a stunning Saudi-only counter-punch that killed those responsible for Al-Rahmah.
And everyone that was so righteously pissed back home is gonna eat crow.
Please do me one favor before we board: warn every `Coalition-of-the- Willing' or whatever the hell we're calling our Iraq allies now, that pictures of their Riyadh embassies were found in this Cell's safe- house.
A beat.
Janet, screaming, raises her gun towards the old man as Al-Ghazi shoots the old man in the chest.
And in his saucer-wide brown eyes, shrink-wrapped in angry tears, we see the parts of the future that will burn.
PULL OUT: Fleury and his son throwing a baseball.
Reuben is- -Lieutenant Dave why you arrest- -for being a ranked fighter who still steals hubcaps.
* Slouch in the seat, accelerate, keep looking back...dig that geek from the Hearld pissing in my hedges.
The Times open on the table between us...Same shitty headlines.
(turns back at me) You look like Death taking a shit.
And pull your idiot partner out of there- -Junior's already here- -Magdalena was my Snitch, so it's my scene.
I reach in, steal one * of the steaming cups, bolt.
Tepid pulls off the stolen mug.
Toss the envelope into the glove-box, slam it shut.
Exhaustion steals it.
Too angry to black out.
The only lead on Magdalena -- we're after the same guy you idiot! (to one of the goons) -write that name down: `Magda-LEE- na' or `Magda-LAY-na.' (back to me) No, we were after you.
Fuck.
* Pull the pig-sticker off my ankle, stab the Driver-side tire.
Throttle marks on her neck, one breast exposed, bra pulled down for a grope.
That gases my hate.
GREASER in the doorway, brown-bagged T-Bird hits the floor as he reaches for his waist -- stand and shoot him in the throat.
* (hissing) * Where is it?
Too * hate-wired to see it.
* Find a letter opener, fuck it -- pry the drawer loose.
Three kicks and a shoulder to splinter the door.
Junior the Insane: You couldn't hide what he was hiding in 1958 LA, and not have it rot your mind.
Pete jumps, yells: Asshole!
(beat, ram him) You didn't give a shit about solving his disappearance.
Fucking Christ.
You taking her? (God damn glowering) I'm taking her.
Fuck Noonan.
Hey, did the Feds dig your pad? -I see anybody near there Junior, the deals off and I gift that file to Bradley to fuck you with- -Dave?
I have the things you need to destroy Noonan's play.
These same things can be used to destroy you.
Arrest me and I snitch the world.
A pissed-off nod.
Wash my wounds, my soul.
Suck that fat cock mother-fucker... Shit!! Where's the remote?! I'm gonna fuck that tight ass!... 15 15 16 16 Jesus Christ!
Shut the front door!
We can tell Laser is growing frustrated at his inability to connect with Paul.
But I quit before the kids were born.
That is criminal.
Hang on.
You gotta be fucking kidding me! 76 76 What's up?
Over by the fence.
Hit me.
You hated it when I worked!
That was fucked up.
(lowering voice) It makes me want to fuck you.
That record kills me.
(freaked) What?
To be fucked?
He's not just "other people!" No, you had to go fuck our sperm donor!
Nic is there, fuming.
C'mon, Dennis, this is stupid.
He's gonna think you're a dick.
Robbing this place is gonna put you back in prison.
Fuckin' Jesus, it's on my face!
FUCK you, Mars!
MotherFUCKING piece of SHIT!!!
Shut up, goddamnit!
What if he's dead?
Don't stand there, asshole, close the windows!
Why don't they leave us alone and go?! Shut up! Shut the fuck up!
Get on the fuckin' floor!
Get on the floor!
I'll fuckin' kill you!
We killed a fat chinaman!
But if you stay in this house, I can promise you this -- (shouting over him) Shut up! Shut up and get on the floor!
You can't imagine the fucking you're going to get.
You try to come get me, I'll kill every fuckin' one of them!
That fuckin' Chinaman is dead!
Get back where you belong, asshole!
They'll give up, the cops will arrest them, and that's that.
You should warn them, Sonny.
Fuck them!
Is Krupchek an aggressive guy?
Hot- tempered?
Who gives a shit, Mars?
Then we'll stuff it up our asses.
I look like fuckin' Jon Bon Jovi.
Jen!!! Stop it!
I've been carrying you our whole fuckin' lives.
Now you pick up that fuckin' money and get ready to go.
(screaming into the phone) You fuck!
I got a fuckin' gun to this kid's head!
I'll kill'm, you fuck!
(still screaming) We'll burn this fuckin' place down!
What the fuck is that?
That little fuck untied himself anyway.
You past your shock and all that, we can turn you loose and you won't do something stupid?
You keep your mouth shut.
(low, so that Dennis can't hear) What in hell are you doing?! That's bullshit!
(screaming) They better not!
I'll be safe when I'm outta here, you asshole!
I heard he's fucked up.
He's fucking us over, Glen.
That guy is fucking us over.
I want to know what in hell you're doing.
We're fucked.
We're fucked until we think of a way out; then we're rich.
Shit!
Mars?! What the fuck are they doin'?
Please -- You dumb fuckwad cop, you fucked up bad! Do you think I'm going to let you murder someone?!
You want a blowtorch on your daughter's pretty face?! I'll go in that fuckin' house right now! I'll give those disks to the real FBI, you COCKSUCKINGMOTHERFUCKER!!
Your phony FBI assholes.
Keep your shit together.
Kevin, you're so fuckin' stupid... It's over.
Fuck it's over.
That money's fucked up your brain.
Talley's going to get tired of waiting for us to give up, and we'll all be fuckin' killed!
You're my fuckin' anchor, Kevin, the fuckin' lead around my life that I've been draggin' like a cripple leg! Get this into your stupid head, Kevin.
Fuckin' A. What do you want?
I don't give a shit about your badge.
So let's get our shit straight before that happens.
What's my fucking name?
You ASSHOLE!!! Kevin left without you.
Kevin, what the fuck?
You're dead, you fuck.
This fuck killed Kevin.
Those kids are in there with a fucking psychopath!
He kills people!
And you know what, you motherfucker?
I have your fucking family.
Fuck that!
Fuck the mall.
I'm a cop, you asshole!
(quietly) You fucked up, Glen.
This raging force that you can't control does whatever it wants, and the best you can do is survive.
The fucking jet's waiting!
She hated me on sight, but she hought I couldn't tell.
The waiting made her furious.
She's glaring.
Do I knock on that door?
How can I lose?
A magnificent display of useless courage.
All the anger at you.
Same shit.
Same old shit.
I'm in the middle of saying something important and you drop it for the fucking wrestling.
This ATTACK.
Holy shit...
Time fuckin' flies.
Shit.
Goddamn you are smokin'.
How's this for fake?
Fuck.
The sacrificial Ram... Ah, shit.
That you're hitting me with.
Shut up and fight.
Shit.
That's fucked up, dude.
Damn.
You are such an asshole.
No. It's not like---- This is so fuckin' you.
Selfish fuck.
Sold the shit outta that one.
I am so fuckin' psyched.
She tore me a new asshole.
Shit.
I'm a shitty fuckin' father.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
You look so damn familiar.
Guns! And! Roses!... Guns! And! Roses!... (cups hand to ear) What's that?
Yo, tell McPride shit-pit!
Shit pit?
Oh, man, fuckin' classic.
Nashville Coliseum, Rage In The Cage II.
He goes, "This is for Petrov", fuckin' wipes his ass, takes the shit-covered toilet paper and rubs it in his armpit.
Fuckin' classic.
I gotta piss.
You don't owe him shit.
You're such a fucking asshole.
Two fucking hours.
I know I fucked up.
I fucked up bad.
You are a fuck- up.
A walking, living, breathing fuck-up.
I can't stand when I---- Just please shut the fuck up.
You asshole!
Fucking piece-of-shit asshole!
Nobody gives a shit about me in the real world.
One!... Two!... Pathetic.
I can smell it.
(he sips) Look - my lungs are useless - (makes a small gap with I've got this much lung...the rest of my organs are packing up - what could it possibly matter if I were Tutankhamun?
Is it, am I a terrible coward to ask how much water we have?
Not at all cowardly, extremely practical.
(without raising her head) Don't touch me if you're going to try and fuck me.
It's hot.
It's like he slammed a door in Cairo and it trapped my fucking hands in Tobruk.
Ask him who he's killed.
I'm hot.
I'm too hot.
For? Top Hat.
What is this business with you and explosives?
This is making me incredibly angry.
(whispering) Why did you hate me?
Don't you know you drove everybody mad?
Listen, Fritz, if I have to listen to another word from you I'll give you a fucking good hiding.What are you talking about?
Count Fucking Arsehole Von Bismarck?
Yeah, but I fucked up.
Grab him.
Told Hand to fuck off.
They hacked his hours, so he quit.
(pause) They make you wear a fuckin' candy stripe suit over there.
The motherfucker pissed me off.
I didn't take that shit.
I called him a dick.
Because he's a fuckin' dick!
Brad, what would you say if I asked you to just put these flowers in the trunk of the Cruising Vessel and get rid of them at work? I'd say... who the hell is Ron Johnson?
You bought forty bucks of fuckin' film and you never even talked to her. (woeful) You tell me, Mike.
When you are the cruelest and the coolest... then you have The Attitude.
Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this?
(gaining composure) Shit, he's my man.
Leave me alone!
Leave me alone.
Jeff threw a snorkel at me!!!!!!
Fuck Dennis Taylor.
He's fucked-up, Ricky!
Knock it off, Damone.
How stupid, right?
You blew it, asshole.
What the fuck is this guy doing?
What the fuck is this guy doing?
They're fuckin' with us.
Fuck youuuuuuuuuu!
He's gonna kill you and then he's gonna kill me.
My brother is gonna shit.
First he's gonna shit.
He's an asshole.
I hate him.
You locked the door.
(loud) He's a little prick!
Hey fuck you Damone.
When someone says you're an idiot, I tell them 'Damone's not an idiot.
Get lost.
Hey! Knock this crap off!! Hey, mon, can I use the bathroom?
(more menacing) Let's go, stupid.
You motherfucker.
Get off my fuckin' case.
Give me a break.
What is in this shit?
Fuckin' manager of 7-11!
This is ridiculous this fucking thing.
I had better shit when I was the AV guy at junior high, swear-to-God.
Watch his damn hands.
Why's he holding everybody's feet to the fire?
Our government killed fifty thousand in Vietnam and lied about it every day.
Tax records, everything -- Listen you motherfucker, you tried to kill me with a fucking cannon.
All I'm saying, what I'm saying, is it never seems like anybody ever says anything that matters to them, like we all look at each other and nod with responses we've been trained to make, not real responses, just social conventions, phony, fake smiles, surface bullshit...
I know you're afraid and it's okay-- " We act like we have all the answers and we're totally invincible like our parents seem and their parents before them and it's fucking bullshit -- For instance -- For instance I know you jack-off thinking about Caroline even though you're supposedly "in love" with Vanessa.
Whatever the fuck that means?
We're all these random collections of self-interest, and then we just decide that now we're two people walking along -- And Vanessa doesn't think she's pretty so she does all these weird fucking diets which is totally about self- esteem.
I'm fucking lying right now.
Sarcasm.
Fucked-up Bowman's turning blue.
Mapping the fucking pig genome.
I snuck out -- Are you kidding... I'm staying with you -- He's gonna fucking die right here on the kitchen floor -- He can't.
Why do you resist?
This is stupid behavior, Francisco.
Is this bad for him?
A disgrace.
This shameful treatment will stop immediately.
One thing bothers me...
We're wasting our time here.
That bothers you.
What's wrong?
What the fuck are you doing?
Fuck off.
Now, get the fuck out of here.
If you start in on the war metaphors I'm going to drive this car into a fucking telephone pole.
Leave me alone, give me money.
She has a way of shutting me out that seems very familiar.
Open this door immediately.
(yelling) Where are they?
Fuck you.
Fuck me?
Fuck me.
Fuck you.
What is wrong with you?
Now it is epidemic.
No more of this water-wing bullshit.
You wanna tell me what the hell that was all about?
I don't care about experimentation.
Stay the fuck away from her.
What the fuck do you want?
That's good shit.
Open the fucking door, man.
You smell.
Fuck off.
It's the heat.
I'm ready-to stop, I tell you.
We're both in trouble.
I'm not looking for revenge, by the way.
I will give free utterance to my complaint.
You little bitch!
Either way we're fucked.
I'm a deserter.
So you've been fighting?
That's him yelping.
I'll have to kill that hog and make sense of the flesh and divisions which is something I never did.
They fit?
I'm sorry -- he's fat, he's simple and got titties -- but you're insisting he ain't a woman.
God damn!
(quoting) That bastard Teague.
Number one -- shut this door, it's freezing.
(goes over to Stobrod's hut) Number two -- shut that door, it's freezing.
(turns to them) I'm laying on my back, with my fingers poked in my ears trying to shut out who's got a bag of diamonds and who's got boots needs polishing, If you want to get three feet up a bull's ass listen to what sweethearts whisper to each other.
Frankly, you look stupid... like the Philip Morris guy.
In fact, for fifty bucks, you better not call me unless the fuckin' building's burning down.
What the hell you got in here, lady?
(in a seductive pout) Make me... Let's not forget -- I am the High Fucking Priestess.
Kiva, shut up.
(whining) I want fries -- you dumb jerks with your stupid fucking ritual!
Shut up, you little shit.
Now that the fucking melodrama is over, can we start the goddamn ritual -- pleeze?
You stupid little witch!
We'll leave you alone.
Oh shit -- Kiva!
Exactly -- if she was fucked so good, how could she save his come?
(to himself) Goddamn kids.
What do you expect, Theodore, a fuckin' floor show?
Is this room 404?What do you take me for, A very upset man? (to Angela) I am an upset man, Theodore.
Oh fuck, there's a mistake.
My mother named me that and I hate the name.
But I'm a fucking bellhop.
You are really beginning to annoy me, Theodore.
That I'm FUCKING INSENSITIVE!! Look, is this about another man?
That you think I'm an idiot.
We don't have time to play charades here, asshole!
Listen, lady, I don't know what in the hell is going on here, but I'd appreciate it if you would explain to that nutcase that he's making a big mistake.
Get a fucking grip on yourself.
Only problem here is you're no bunny rabbit, Theodore, and it really fuckin' razzes me to picture you doin' it.
(shouts at the top of his lungs) I said, nibble, asshole!
Oh, for fuck sake, Sigfried, what do you want me to say?
Either way you're fucked, right?
Not down and to the side, all stupid like your mom likes to comb it.
My children are safer alone than with some fucked- up pedophile babysitter I don't know from the man in the fucking moon.
Here, smell for yourself.
My brother just exploded the champagne all over the room.
Don't call her that... (into the phone) I'm dead fucking serious, there's a dead fucking Whore stuffed in the bedsprings of the fucking bed! Stop calling her that!! Jesus!! Did they misbehave?
Tell 'em Teddy from work's on the phone, and it's a major fuckin' emergency.
And first thing right off the bat, I'm fucked by a coven of witches.
An oven full of witches fucked you?
It was pretty fuckin' cool, actually.
No, he didn't make me fuck his wife, he thought I'd fucked his wife!
Who cares if it was a .44 or a .392, it was a fuckin' loaded gun, pointed at my fuckin' head!
Yeah, I'm Betty, it's my fuckin' place, who the fuck are you?
I don't got a problem, I got fuckin' problems!
They're just gonna have to wait, 'cause I'm out the door.
Fuckin' good, Ted.
It's fuckin' good.
It's fuckin' good.
It's fuckin' Cristal, everything else is piss.Bellboy!
(to Ted) Pay no attention to Norman here, Ted, he's just fuckin' wit' ya, that's all.
Is there another name for what you do that I'm ignorant of?
The sociable son of a bitch on the telephone is Leo.
It's fuckin' flat, Norman, that's what's wrong.
The champagne -- the fuckin' Cristal's fuckin' flat.
We're talking fuckin' asses in fuckin' seats.
Damn Skippy! (pause) Tell it.
But when you're fucked-up, you don't lie.
You tell the fuckin' truth.
Who gives a fuck?
Take the money.
(yelling back) No.
Oh bother.
(to herself) Frank, you son of a bitch!
(crazy scream, then) GET OUT OF THERE!! GET OUT!! Put your hands up, on your head.
Another ear?!! (out loud, to Dorothy) What was it?
You're upset.
Damn! Wow.
Now. the only trouble is.
there is darkness sucking me.
I hate that.
Who's this fuck?
(slowly) Shut the fuck up.
that's the last time I get you high and watch you freak out - motherfucker you tore my coat and I lost my lucky piece of blue velvet, man.
out of the car fuck.
Leave him alone.
I'll send you straight to hell, Fuck! (continuing; breathing heavily) You feel good.
CRACK.
Kathy yells in Three POLICE OFFICERS linger.
Painful there?
(at Clarkson) Isn't she filing a complaint?
You've got ethnic hatreds that started a war.
They do not make prosecutions of domestic violence.
I'm so jealous.
Shit.
That raid was a punishment bust, because the owner stopped paying.
Furious.
Fuck!
She sobs.
Kathy sits at the table, covered in photos of girls, flipping through the Dyncorp manual, irritated.
A fucking vacation?
Ivan and Mara leave, locking the door behind him.
Dressed as a whore.
He slaps a key.
Whores of War.
It's a fucking Catch-22.
I don't give a shit.
But right now be smart and shut this bullshit down!
A RAID TEAM suits up: FIVE LOCAL COPS and THREE IPTF OFFICERS.
Suddenly... Ivan jolts back -- COPS grab him -- He's YELLING -- HANDCUFFED -- Kicking.
Punching -- They PUSH him into the VAN -- Viko SLAMS the door, turns to the UN van and nods... Kathy looks back to the IPTF officers, raises three fingers... then TWO...ONE...
Fuck you!
Madeline slams the door, having burst in.
Bill keeps calm... I'm starting to get a fucking headache.
She goes to the door furious.
A KNOCK at the DOOR.
I can now categorically say that not a single UN official was involved in trafficking'.
So you're accusing him of lying.
Shit!
Stop it, Tarek.
Arrested?! Yes.
Tarek was arrested.
I was with Tarek when he was arrested.
Blame you?
I'm a terrorist?
What's so wrong about that?
Damn it!
I hate this feeling.
(beat) But given its position as the most violent, corrupt and incompetent police department this side of the Rocky Mountains, that's not saying a great deal.
Can I owe it to you?
Stupid tub.
BRIEGLEB (Cont'd) (beat) They will do everything they can to discredit you.
Pardon my language, but...hell, yes.
They were wrong.
Jesus...what the hell's wrong with you?
(beat) We pissed off the cops.
You're lying.
Other days -- There you are, we've been looking for you like mad.
...shit.... He's lying.
Tell the sonofabitch to get the hell off police property before I have him arrested for disturbing the peace.
What the hell...? Jesus jumped down.... Ybarra?
What the hell have you done with Christine Collins?
Don't try and lie your way out of it.
(he doesn't) You can stop now.
Fuck you....and the horse...you rode in on.
Read it, damn you!
This is wrong, and we can stop it -- You are crazy.
(scans papers) Incompetent.
Bullying.
Reprehensible.
(looks over) And here: "So incompetent that they insisted they knew better than a mother the identity of her own child, forced him upon her, and then incarcerated her when she confronted them with evidence of their own reprehensible behavior."
Incompetent and reprehensible in the same sentence.
The way you do that is to stop insisting that Walter Collins was not among those kids killed up at that goddamned ranch.
Because if the boy you brought back isn't Walter Collins, and he's not dead up at that ranch, then where the hell is he?
Cut him off!
Get the bastard!
Screw this...I'm too old for this fightin' shit....
She wasn't -- Every home in this state is in grave danger when a Police Captain can take a woman into his office and, five minutes later, have her thrown into the psychopathic ward on his own authority!
Did you...kill...my son?
Did you kill my son?
Where the devil are you?
(annoyed) You're late.
Both of you! 15 15 I don't know whether to hate you or thank you.
He rips off his hat and raincoat and puts down his suitcase.
It should be condemned!
There is a knock at the screen door.
Damn irritating.
I want to be left alone!
God damn it!
Get out of my goddamn way!
You ignorant son of a bitch.
88 88 89 89 Damn! King me.
I think it would make one hell of an investment.
Hot damn!
Louis hat flies right off his head.
(furious) Practical?
Damned if you do -- damned if you don't.
Frustrated, Louis takes a seat in Franklin's empty wheelchair.
But this was one brave son-of-a- bitch.
Louis, what the hell am I doing?
Hell of an ovation, Al.
Shut up- yes you are.
(the first budding of crankiness) Pirates of the fucking Caribbean.
This is fuckin' post-pubescent Disneyland.
Cut that shit out.
It doesn't matter... I'm telling you, they love that shit.
The trick is to look like you don't need it, then they give you shit for free.
Don't give me that shit.
I'm the fuckin loser.
(shaking his head to hide a smirk) What an asshole.
Okay, Tee's the asshole, but Mikey's the big winner.
(sarcasm?)
What an asshole.
What are you, nuts?
You think I give a shit?
(Trent throws the half-dollar on her tray) That was so fuckin' money .
It was like that "Jedi mind" shit.
After-School bullshit.
What an asshole.
It wasn't that funny anyway... ... piece of shit.
Everyone steals from everyone.
Who threw this party, anyway?
Sue ?
Sue .
The one in the hat?
Damn.
Here comes the kill... Was I money?
What'd I do wrong?
What's wrong?
(to Mike) You're so money, you don't even know... Please, don't mess with me right now... We're not messing with you... ... we're not... You're like this big beer with claws and fangs... ... and big fuckin' teeth... ... and teeth...
No, baby! ... honestly...you're money ... you're so fuckin mmmoney .
(pause) Then I'll ask if we fucked.
Watch where you're going, asshole.
What'd you say, bitch?
I said watch where you're going, bitch!
Now what, bitch?
Now who's the bitch, bitch?
I'm the bitch.
I'm your bitch, okay?
I'm the bitch.
I'm such a bitch, I can't even begin to tell you... What the fuck..? What an asshole.
He's a bitch.
You asshole.
He called me a bitch.
Fuck rep, I've got a callback tomorrow.
You asshole.
Out here you gotta go look for it... ... People get carjacked... ... Oh, who would jack your fuckin K-car?
You got a fuckin' number.
You'll fuck it up... ... Sue... Have you gotten laid once since you moved here?
Did you fuck once?
... Shut up, Sue...
Your like a little whiney bitch... Sue! No, Trent.
(pause) You asshole .
(finishing the loaf) You wanna grab a bite?
You little bitch!
They fuckin love Tee.
... so I thought, what the hell, they make movies in L.A., not in Michigan, so I moved here.
Where the hell did you learn to do all that twirly whirly shit?
You guys are such assholes.
Republican, Democrat, Communist, there's not a dime's worth of difference between 'em anyway.
(frustrated) What?
That I'm accused of being a communist when I don't happen to be one?
Tell "them" to take a flyin' piss.
(then, pissed) Leo, goddammit... this isn't fair!
A lot of good people are being accused of things they didn't do.
Hell, even if I was a communist, this is America, goddammit, a person should be able to be whatever they want to be! Right?
You hungry, son?
(frustrated) I... no, I...
You know, I hate to bring this up, but screens and uniforms and paint and repairs are going to take money, which I'm willing to bet none of us has.
Harry!
We've got a situation developing... (interrupting) Will you take those goddamn hats off?
Bothered the hell out of you.
But as soon as you gave him the clarinet... ... he started practicing, and he left me alone from then on.
Is he dead?
He's dead.
Harry?
(irritated) Did you fix the damn film?
Damn, he don't wanna spar with these boys.
(angry) Mr. Appleton, you are making light of a legally constituted committee of the United States Congress.
You were a friend of mine!... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 13. ...remember when you asked me if it was a good idea to divert half your liquid assets into a fucking copper mine?
What did I tell you? (stands, heading to door Are we done here?
You can't do that... ...the fuck I can't, it's in an escrow bill with one-day call rights... ...I need the money there until they sign, Jeffrey.
Then you married an idiot.
Okay, but I was thinking, idiot, that, after the deal is done, which it definitely will be, why don't we just take off?
(sotto, to Gavin) Where the hell is Mayfield?
Detained where?
This is the bullshit way you try to close a deal?
I thought we should talk... (laughs, then in a rage) One damn night in a month I told you was important to me, et tu es meme pas capable d'etre la... ...I was working, do you understand?
Who the fuck is this?
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
We've been having the same fuckin' argument for twenty years.
... So who kicked out the door?
Is this the kinda shit you used to do to my dad?
Yes, I fucking trust her! Good.
Jimmy... No, man, come on, I don't hear from you since the fuckin' funeral, you call me up out of the blue, using my father's name, ask me... ...what do you want, you want money?
I'll give you whatever you fuckin'... Goldenrod - 4.17.11
You wanna talk to me like that you can get the fuck outta my car and you can walk!
You wanna fuckin' walk home?! (after a beat) Listen... I'm sorry.
What the fuck are you talking about?
You think we're dealing with a fucking idiot?
That's ridiculous.
Hate when that happens.
Motherfucker, I'm Black!
I look like a fucking snitch to you?
How the fuck does this kid afford Felder and Chausse...? We pulled his parents' tax returns.
He was the fucking driver?! Wow, this guy's good...
No, but she looked upset.
What's wrong?
If I lie for you.
And they were fucking, by the way.
I've a got a fucking tollbooth photograph of you driving your car through the Triborough.
Where you got that...? That's bullshit, cause I didn't do it.
You lied to me.
Fuck Earl!
And tomorrow in court I'm gonna ask for a felony obstruction indictment, and with with your prior, you are going to prison for fifteen fucking years...
(beat, then hard) You don't know a Goddamn thing about my father.
They're lying!
You can get the fuck outta my face.
How `bout that?.
How you all just gonna lie?! We didn't lie.
You lied.
Fuck.
Now go get me that fucking hospital check.
The boxes.
Son of a bitch.
What about the complaints?
This is fuckin' crazy.
Well then... I'll have to tell them that you came home at four-thirty bruised and bleeding... That's fucking ridiculous!
You know what, it'll cause just enough trouble- the kind of trouble that you don't want-- In fact, according to my lawyer Fucking lawyer... It's enough to give them probable cause and then they can subpoena your cell phone, GPS, DNA, Fuck the DNA!
-- Bitch, you can stop right there.
And not a goddamn fuckin thing you've done in the subsequent five years - including getting knocked up - is going to change that.
I would have to kill you, go into Nikki's room, kill her, then wait for your old man, Dr. Bell, to come home and kill him.
How bout tonight, bitch?
Fuck you, bitch, I know he didn't qualify it, so you can just kiss my motherfuckin ass, Black Mamba.
If you think I came all the way down to Texas - in a dog and cat rainstorm no less - just to tuck sleeping beauty in bed - you got another fuckin thing comin - (pause, then real loud) You don't owe her Shit!! (then again, but quieter) You don't owe her shit.
(pause) Man, fuck that bitch!
If you ever take your ass out of this Goddamn bed for as long as you fuckin live, I will beat you into the ground, bitch!
The price is seventy five dollars a fuck gentlemen, you gittin your freak on or what?
And by the way, this little cunt's a spitter - it's a motor reflex thing but spit or no, no punchin.
Keep your mouths shut.
I'm Mistress Ishii's attorney.
You had it coming bastard!
Tear the bitch apart!
It fucks up my hair.
It's not too late to quit.
This has nothing to do with You and I, and everything to do with me taking satisfaction from that bitch behind you.
Attack, Goddamn you!
Attack me.
A camera behind Yuki as she walks, holding the sub-machine gun behind her back.
Don't make me kill you.
You fucking bitch!
They're not fully developed yet, you fucking asshole!
So if you're gonna kill me, now's the time.
So what's it gonna be bitch?
That fucking does it!
Goddamn, what a wildcat.
This shit's gonna hurt, and I ain't got no anesthetic.
That fuckin smarts.
No, you're rude.
Why so rude rude boy, I'm only trying to be friendly.
I came here to shoot a little crap.
Get the fuck out!
If they do, they're dead.
No. It's just...I ain't killed nobody in a long Goddamn time.
Back when I did kill people...I got paid for it.
This bitch is furious.
Looky here bitch, this is a can of mace.
But if you're gonna act like a horse's ass, I'll spray this whole Goddamn can in your eyeballs.
Now turn off that fucking light.
The next morning Pai Mei appeared at the Shaolin Temple, and demanded that the temple's head Abbot offer Pai Mei his neck, to repay the insult.
But once you've taken five steps, your heart explodes inside your body, and you fall to the floor dead.
It's my arm now.
Bitter.
Why lie?
Oh Elle, I should warn you before we get started.
Get the fuck off the car, Lucy, Lucy, down!
You fucking maricone!
I wasn't trying to track you down, I was trying to track down - the fucking assholes - who I thought killed you.
Not only are you not dead, you're getting married - to some fuckin jerk - and you're pregnant?
So you came here to kill Lisa Wong, huh? Well that's my sister, bitch.
On the floor by the door is the strip that says I'm pregnant.
What is this, bullshit story number twelve in the female assassin's handbook?
(a mumble) He hates me.
He hates me.
Yes--he started yelling for a handkerchief--screaming.
I hate my life.
I just hate it.
Want me to imitate a stupid cop?
Cut it out now.
Can you tell me why you killed the puppies, Plato?
(exploding) You're tearing me apart!
Get lost.
Why? Leave me alone.
Destroyed as we began in a burst of gas and fire.
Who's fighting?
(furious suddenly) You crud chicken!
You're wasting our time!
Trouble!
How 'bout you?
The world is flat!
What was the disturbance?
Nobody thanks you for sticking your neck out!
But I am involved!
A boy was killed!
Listen-- (annoyed) He's not here.
Talk! (yelling) What you doing!
Are you nuts?
What guts? (yelling) Quick!
What's your trouble?
You scam a car up there?
What you leave me alone for?
Plato! (with hate) I don't want you for my father!
(in rage) You crazy nut!
You crazy, crazy nut! (screaming) Get away from me! Jim! (sharply) Halt! (continuing) Come here.
Did he hit you?
Smashed the front door.
My gun?
(yelling) Plato!
Fireman shit?
You crazy motherfucker!
You're doing it wrong.
No, we'll hit the son of a bitch head on.
Goddamn it, where's our backup?
(to firemen) Dig in! Dig in, goddamn it!
And what was that crap with the standpipe?
Goddamn it Stephen!
I was up there fucking doin' it.
Takin' it on in the first room... this shit's happening too often.
(together, a toast) Fuck you!
This is the year...The thing that really makes me angry is the way your union has What was that?
(to Santos) Fuckin' city transferred Sally three months ago out of parking violations into Swayzak's office.
Now I gotta pay my own goddamn tickets and she's stuck with an asshole.
Y'know, I think it's a union bylaw that if a guy gets in the paper -- especially if it's bullshit -- he owes the company a drink.
I hate that guy.
I hate his voice.
This fuckin' job sometimes... To buy it trying to go the extra yard, man, that's one thing, but to buy it just because there wasn't any back-up... it's bullshit... Yeah, it's bullshit.
Fuck Swayzak.
Yeah... (beat) Kind of an asshole, wasn't he? Biggest in two battalions.
Run, damn you!
Goddamn you Stephen, I'm not gonna quit.
Don't take that kind of shit from it!
I would have fucking waited... That's not what it's about, Brian.
In a fucking seance?
You sneaky little son of a bitch... Hide and seek... Come on, tell me what I want to know... (business-like into recorder) Heavy smoke stains observed in entry room.
More heat.
(shuts recorder off) You little tease... What were you up to you little bastard, huh?
But it wasn't dead... still all that trapped heat, lying low, waiting for some sucker to open the door and give it that one gulp of air... -- Another backdraft.
(to Brian) What the hell's the matter with you, huh?
You're steppin' in the shit again.
I don't get half the shit he's talking about, but then everybody says the same thing about me.
Who the hell knows?
Arson.
Oh, that son of a bitch, he's different, goddamn it!
Want to fry the whole goddamn world.
But the fires that killed those guys never really burned up much.
78]) But he killed these guys.
If you weren't at least the 300th person to ask me that, I'd probably be pissed.
Had to be fucking myth man in there instead of looking out for your probie.
He was a fucking candidate!
Fuck you.
Oh, and Swayzak's quoted saying the chief investigator is closing in on the torch and expects an arrest "any time".
What's wrong?
There aren't supposed to be secrets between the city and its investigators --Bullshit!
Who the hell are you kidding?
Seagrave, Cosgrove, and now Holcomb -- fried in a goddamn high-rise!
It breathes, it eats, and it hates.
What the hell are you guys doin'?
Well color me stupid, I always thought the fire dept.
Shit.
Jesus Christ, Marty, what's going on?
Leave me alone.
That's a dumb thing to say.
What the hell do you do with this thing?
Everybody on this job knows it's bullshit but we could never argue with the numbers.
I hate hospitals.
You're so... so goddamn useless...
They were for the fucking boat, Brian.
I'll be there, goddamn it!
Aw man, Stephen, listen to me... -- What the fuck were you thinking, huh?
Jesus Christ, why did you have to go in there so fucking early?
Your dad would fucking puke if he saw how you've shit on his department!
Shut up! ...What do you want me to do, Stephen?
Shit... It's going!
Now! Jesus Christ Brian, run!
Run goddamn it!
You crazy son of a bitch, why couldn't you stay behind a desk where you belong?
"You never know till the fire stares you down if you're gonna be --" Oh shut up, huh? (grimaces) I think I broke my goddamn arm...
You stupid son of a bitch!
What the fuck are you doing!
Goddamn it let it go!
Wait for another hose team... Wait for the goddamn hose team!
That's my brother goddamn it!
Oh man, don't you die... Don't you die... He's going south... He's gonna box damn it... Goddamn it don't you die now...
(beat) What'll you do?
You're doing it wrong.
What do you mean you can't get the fuckin planning?
Look, can we shut the door?
Shut the door.
They got an informer, a grass, and a rat with a roach-smoking-a canary,..they've got more information than the fuckin Internet.
(beat) We will never mention this again, all right Arch? Now, tell the Councilor to stop fuckin about with sticks and balls and send him inside.
(beat) Anyway, where are my manners?
Yeah, it looks like a heap of shit, but it can't half go.
I've had enough of this, can you two piss off cos I am trying to find my "zone" He can't half run for a white fella.
Let's take a wild stab in the dark shall we Bandy?
He's gonna slap you.
Slap him!
Hello lads.
Stop here Turbo.
What is this, a fuckin double act?
Silly bastards.
(beat) Get me those two flash idiots that used to manage him, what are they called, Greek and Mini?
You're a reject, a wrong-un, a fuckin fairy in the mirror that I inherited from your mother, but she ain't with us no more, so now it's just you and me.
You're in need of an education, that's what you need, but your Dad never gave a shit about you did he?
Fuck you singalong, you're no help and stop calling me Pedro.
(he raises his ridiculous eye brows) Junkies, I'll shit 'em! Did your Dad do anything else to you Pete?
I'm not telling you fuck all,...piss taker.
You should have seen his eyes I swore they changed color, went fuckin red they did.
You speak to me like that again and I'll cut your fuckin tongue out.
Anybody who thinks he's rude enough, let 'em raise a finger, 'cos I'll take off his whole fuckin arm.
(A bit rude) Who are you?
So you're supposed to be a hard case eh? (to One Two) This is gonna be a scream, Fred get 'em in.
What the fuck are you doing here?
Yes I do fuckin mind.
Well fuck it Bob, I think you understand.
One Two gives him the quick ONE TWO punch, Tom is knocked out cold, he catches him standing up and lowers him to the floor.
Yes, he fuckin did.
Suck his,... Stop right fuckin there!
Does that mean you've sucked his,... Well, you must have touched him.
What's wrong with you?
(beat) Don't you dare shut us down!
Arch I don't care if he's fuckin busy, if we call, he answers, that's the deal.
Steady, Councilor steady,...I go wherever I fuckin want.
Don't give me that shit.
Don't you swear at me you yellow puddle of immigrants piss or I'll fuckin drown you in it.
Pete walks in with Malcolm and Paul, Johnny jumps up angry.
I think you forget who you are speaking to you insolent bastard.
You forget where you are you fuckin immigrant.
This is my land, my fuckin show, I run this tow,.... PINK Revision - 6-20-07 78A.
The bastard's made me limp for the rest of my days.
One Two grabs the 70s retro headphones above his head and slaps them on his ears.
Shut down a few of our venues and he intends to shut down a few more unless Mr Story puts in an appearance.
Lenny slaps him.
Think before you drink and before you drive me mad Bandy.
Archy turns and slaps him the famous "Archy slap" it's nasty, Archy's getting wound up.
He speaks next in a little boys voice, he's taking the piss.
(shouting) Shut it, you hear me or I'll do ya myself, you poisonous little fucker!
Get fucking down!
Beauty is a cruel mistress, is it not?
Y-y-you fucking shot him!
GORDO (cont'd) Does he tell him that he cashed in a fucking Bar Mitzvah bond?
You're pissed we didn't get credit?
No, that was the only semi-fucking smart thing he said!
What the hell do you do with heroin?
To who? Don't be an idiot.
We never did this kinda shit before.
Those fucking orthodontist bills are killing me.
(O.S. from headphones) Bullshit it's cosmetic!
My fucking tooth was cracked in half.
I made the son of a bitch write it in as a cavity.
The department's dental is for shit.
The heat.
We're the heat.
My Pops is going to be mad.
There's that saying-- Show me an honest man and I'll show you a natural born liar.
"I had a roommate in college who was gay."
Yeah, or D, it's a dumb fucking idea... Then what do you want to do, Miles?
Are you pissed about Al?
I'm pissed too, but I' m not like "twenty-five to life" pissed.
If you're not going to do it for the fucking principle, do it for the money.
It was, hands down, a dumb fucking idea.
from tape) Don't be an idiot.
Punch it.
But if you even think about trying to con me they'll find fucking pieces of you in each of the five boroughs.
After he got done ripping me a new Lincoln Tunnel size asshole, he let me know exactly how little I'm welcome back if we come up short.
And now here you guys are, WASTING MY FUCKING TIME!
I need answers and the only two things you've given me are jack and shit.
You gotta do better or I swear on my sweet dead grandmother's grave, I'm gonna make you guys an I-A-fucking-D cautionary tale.
Having a gun pointed at you for one.
Oh shit.
Shit...
I've got a fucking sign on my back!
Aww, shit!
Let me tell you a story, asshole... Lily? .Jake sent me.
You really think I'm going to come this close, this fucking close and let my guard down?
Hey asshole.
Your boss tried to pull a switch and he got us all fucking pinched!
Shit.
You fucked up.
You fucked up HUGE.
This guy's sitting in a pile of his own shit and piss.
(getting angry) Listen, Godzilla... Thank you, Officer Davis.
Except, he poked a big fucking hole in the dry wall when he did it.
What do you smell?
He is dead.
You kick him, pop him like a fucking balloon.
Fuck that.
There's a gun to your head... but, what part or parts of your body are expendable?
Wrong.
(sits up, angry) What?! What the hell are you talking about?
If Somerset wants out, fuck him.
(quiet anger) Leave me alone.
------------------------------------------------------------- Fucking Dante.
Goddamn, poetry writing freak, mother-fuck... Good work, Officer.
Scream "fire."
And, if it's a threat?
He's punishing these people.
When we busted the door, looking for a junkie, the fucking guy opened fire.
How did the fire-fight end?
(pause) I got that fuck with one shot... right between the eyes.
Get up now, motherfucker!
Oh, fuck me!
Holy shit.
What the hell... those are dead worms.
What the fuck is going on?
Hell is hungry for them.
Holy shit.
Fuck... he used a false name.
Jesus Christ, we can get this fucker!
But now... (pause) I hate it here.
I hate it.
It's okay to hate this city.
Fucking sex.
You're damn right it would.
Fuck you.
"Yeah, you're right, Somerset, this place is fucked.
Let's go live in a fucking log cabin!"
(from phone, upset) Hello, Somerset.
Get down on the floor.
Get on the floor!
Don't move a fucking inch.
What the hell is this?
Give me a break.
Stay in the left lane.
(under his breath) Ignorant heathen.
Fuck, man... there's about a thousand places to be ambushed out here.
(pause) I said stop! I'll blow your head off right now! What... No! (from receiver) Motherfucker!
God damn it!
Somerset said wait! Fuck that!
That said, let's not get too stupid tonight, okay?
Damn, dude, why are you retarded?
Dude, why is my ass killing me...? We'll...we'll get the next one.
Yes: I left my hat in the room -- thank you, Alan.
What an asshole.
(turning, annoyed) What now? (not getting it) Cool ring.
Check it out, some idiot threw his bed out the window last night.
How are you, you dumb bastards?! (to the guys) You here to pick up your wedding photos?! Does the pope wear a funny hat?! Let's do this thing!
Good to see you, you stupid mooks!
Dude, I think your wife's mad at you.
What the hell are you doing?! Two-for-ones, man.
You are so goddamn selfish, Vick.
Shit.
If you know what's good for you, you'll get the hell out of Vegas.
And Vick's daddy taught him how to get really drunk at his kid's soccer games and then piss himself.
You insisted?! Why'd you insist?!
This is the girl I'm going to marry! (beat, considers) If, you know...she forgives me for cheating on her... Wait: you're going to tell her?
She's gonna cut your dick off, dude.
Aloha, assholes.
I need my goddamn money.
Pull off the Ralph's bag! Who the hell is that?!
He's gonna be really upset!
(desperate, pleading) Can... Can you forgive me?
Shut up, Vick! Alan, where the hell have you been?! I've been calling and calling!
I-I know I wasn't invited, but I just had to return this... Okay: who the hell is this chick, and why the hell does she have your Grandmother's wedding ring?! Talk, you moron!
(but Alan keeps walking) Don't you walk away from me, you stupid little clown!
Damn straight you will!
Okay, so what the hell happened this weekend?
That said, let's not get too stupid tonight, okay?
When EVIL returns so shall we.
(in awe) What the hell can it be?
Evil begets evil, Mr. President.
I ask you for options you give me bullshit.
We've been hit!
And with lightning speed, Korben blasts the mugger with a straight right ..you know these things are VERY illegal.. you could get in a shit load of trouble..
I had the worst goddamn nightmare.
He (angry) Eto Akta Gamat! (embarrassed) I'm sorry, it's just that...
Evening... Fuck you! ...Thanks... You, too.
A killer, when he picked up the ZF1, would've immediately asked about the little red button on the bottom of the gun.
He Behind Zorg, an ear-shattering explosion levels the warehouse.
Where are the stones?
You are so wrong.
Follow me.. Life, which you so nobly serve, comes from destruction.
Destroying a glass is one thing..killing people with the weapons you produce is quite another.
(to the GUARDS) Throw him out!
The GUARDS throw Cornelius out.
She hates you guys.
A COP slaps a viewer device on Korben's door which makes part of it Put your hands in the yellow circles, please.
He Fuck you!! Korben still has his hands to the wall.
Scuffle.
He hangs up.
Here he is The most hated man in the universe.
(pissed) I didn't come here to play Dumbo on the radio.
Get rid of this fucking window!
Shit! Parasites in Zone 1.
You tell me to save the world then you go off and leave me in the shit!
He shakes her, gently slapping her cheeks.
Where are the Stones?
He goes berserk, destroying everything in Korben slaps the Diva soundly.
Roy von Bacon, the laserball player, rises from the floor behind a Two Mangalores firing a huge machine gun at the column Korben is using He dives for cover behind the bar.
Fuck it!
Who gives a shit!
Five hundred wars... Arms... Drugs... Money... Everything you create is used to destroy...
I insist--and a beaker for Mr. Marlowe.
(furious) Gentlemen upstage!
Deny thy father and refuse thy name."
And you are a Warwickshire shit-house.
(to HENSLOWE) The Friar married them in secret, then Ned gets into a fight with one of the Capulets, Romeo tries to stop them, he gets in Ned's way, I mean in Mercutio's way, so Tybalt kills Mercutio and then Romeo kills Tybalt.
The tide waits for no man, but I swear it would wait for you!
Stabbed!
I have killed a man.
You lie.
I was the more deceived.
Arrest who, Mr. Tilney?
Contempt?
(he points a "j'accuse" finger at VIOLA) That woman is a woman!
I liked it when she stabbed herself, your Majesty.
Lestrade turns, frustrated.
Grudgingly, reluctantly, hating himself for needing to, he turns to Holmes.
Their eyes are shut for the photo, unaccustomed to flashes.
Another headline: DOCTOR AND DETECTIVE FOIL JEWELRY SCAM!
She picks up a paper with the day's headline "BLACKWOOD HANGS TOMORROW: CLAIMS PACK WITH THE DEVIL."
The sound of silverware clinking and scraping on fine china rises to an ORCHESTRAL ROAR -- -- which becomes the ROAR of a BLOOD-THIRSTY MOB as a fist smashes into a face with a MEATY THUD.
Why are you so suspicious?
I assume he'll do it?
She turned you inside out, she made a proper idiot of you.
I've upset you, I can tell.
Irene frisks him expertly.
This one has five, so the owner -- He was walking.
She turns to fat... Enough.
Then angry.
He pockets the gun, grabs his jacket and heads out.
Shit a brick.
Now, she's showing nerves.
Watson sprints towards where they fell, looks down -- -- sees them lying on a carpet of scorched, boiled, cut- in-half pig carcasses.
Holmes races towards her as more explosions, flames and debris fly all around him in slow motion, occasionally knocking him to the ground.
From Lord Coward?
Lestrade punches Holmes.
Lestrade leaves and shuts the door.
I'm curious, Coward, did you assist Blackwood in all the murders or just the one I prevented?
Coward walks towards his desk at one end of the room.
Coward pulls a gun from the desk and moves to the window.
Coward quickly moves across the room to lock the door.
Holmes runs towards the open window as Coward fires another shot.
Anger lends him energy.
Well, two hustlers like yourselves gotta have the place stocked with beer and whippits and shit, right?
Love that shit!
Let me cash the fuck out.
It's ridiculous.
I don't wanna hear another one of your bullshit excuses.
If I didn't need this job, I wouldn't be doing this shitty job.
Fuck! Whatever!
Putting your tongue in her mouth right after you fucked it.
Fuck Expedia.
That kid beat the hell out of me and Chet in grammar school.
What a fucking scrub.
You got one evil: me shaving a few years off The Major's shitty life.
Then you got the other evil: The Major ruining my entire awesome life by blowing through my inheritance.
It's on account of me having so many goddamn dreams.
Fuck you!
And it was the highlight of the whole shitty event.
While I was nailing her.
You pulled a Judas on Jenny fucking Rifkin.
I was the one who told John Tanner about how your mom fucked that lifeguard.
But now...I don't give a shit.
You ruined...my fucking life!
Krav Maga, bitch.
You threw the first punch!
What the fuck is that!? My knuckle in your spine!
No holds barred you backstabbing fuck!
Fuck you...Chutter!
You're a shitty friend.
Where the fuck is this?
What the - Holy fuck!
We got a gun, you asshole!
Fuck! Get him!
What the hell!? (at a loss) Rape! Step one.
Will Dixon, of 112 North Whatever- The-Fuck Street, right now you are wearing an explosive vest.
Calm the fuck down!
For a fucking bomb.
Nobody can hear you scream.
What the fuck?
What the fuck are you involved in!? Terrorism!? Chet, do you really think I'm a terrorist?
One of the dumb ones!
There's no margin for error in their fucking bomb vest design!?
And I'm sure you hate me as much as I hate you right now, but I have nowhere else to go.
Damn it!
So if I let you blow up, or whatever, that shit might come back and eat at my conscience, and totally affect my relationships with other people.
Like my wife and kids and shit.
You're an asshole.
Fuck you.
This is the world's biggest favor, you motherfucker.
I'll fucking cry again if that's what it takes.
Whip that shit out.
Who the fuck cares?
Those guys get Juicy, but you get Marisol.
Well, Marisol...what I want is to get my money, kill that old ass man, then get the fuck out of here.
You sure you don't want to grab some condoms?
I wish he would hurry his shit up.
Because we're gonna be using code words and shit.
But what if he wants a fuck?
Fuck.
Are you really worried about your upholstery right now? Yes, because if I survive this shit I'm quitting my job.
I didn't let it dry properly and I fucked it up.
You salt-in-an- open-wound motherfucker!
Where the fuck is he going?
He's got whole fucking world in his hands..." ...no, I'm here right now.
Because strange shit is going on.
Oh, shit.
What the fuck was that about, Sandra?
A fucking garbage bag.
Fuck!
Which one of you assholes tripped the alarm!? Was it you, Sandra!? No! It was Mark!
Sandra, you bitch!
Fuck you, Mark! You're the manager!
Fuck both of you!
I'm a regular guy and you fucked me!
Thank you for fucking a regular guy! Let's just get the fuck out of here.
Fuck you!
He was tempting a desperate motherfucker.
Holy shit!
Shut the fuck up!
You are! Shit!
Holy fuck!Go!Stop!
That guy got fucked up.
Oh, fuck, man.
I'm gonna go take a shit.
What the fuck did you do...rob a bank?
I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.
The code for the fucking bomb!
What kind of stupid motherfucker wears a bomb to a drop?
Motherfucker, I don't know no goddamn code.
Now step the fuck off, or I'll shoot you in the face so you don't explode and mess up my boots.
Now step the fuck aside.
What the fuck was that?
Why the fuck would you do that!?
You lied!
I'll call him up and - You didn't give him shit!
Go ahead and push the button, you idiot.
Why don't you watch what the fuck you say!
I'm tired of this bullshit.
So fuck you.
That piece of shit hung up on me! Get me out of this car!
That was colossally stupid!
Does this guy know who the fuck I am!? Dwayne...you never told me you weren't going to give him the code.
Fuck it, Jay.
To fuck myself?
You know, I saved a black man's life in the shit.
I don't know why you'd want to protect him, the motherfucker hired me to kill you.
None of y'all can kill me!
Go on and - Motherfucker has lost his mind... Look at the upshot, while you're behind bars you can finally finish your degree.
Fuck that.
Fuck you!
Once we get that shit in order, you can have her back, and your life, too.
Fuck!
What the fuck does that mean!?
Damn it!
Damn.
You're a fucking idiot.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
Help! Goddamn it, Jay! Stop, drop and roll!
I'm gonna go put a bullet in that motherfucker and get our money.
He's lying.
Can we talk about that!? Oh, shit.
Will, that's - Fucked up.
Dad, I...I'd never... Look at you...lip quivering like you're getting fucked...be a man.
I killed you, didn't I? Now I'm gonna use your money to open a tanning salon where they let you fuck the chicks.
Hell of thing...I think I may...actually respect you now.
Fucking nine dollars to use the internet.
And it'd be easier if you gave us five fucking minutes alone.
You're gonna go fuck my sister now, aren't you?
ERIC (cont'd) That cunt.
Well, that was fucking hideous.
Fuck me... Once this thing gets going in the wrong direction... Yeah... It's huge.
Where the fuck is Eric Dale?
Fucking ruthless.
WILL EMERSON (cont'd) Where the fuck is he?
Fuck me.
I am well aware of the fucking time, Sam.
We are in here stressing our fucking heads off that the world as we know it is ending, and they've got no idea what's coming.
Speak, you know I can't read those fucking things they put together.
Nailed it?
WILL EMERSON (cont'd) As far as I can tell these here are the historical volatility index limits... which I guess our whole fucking trading model relies on pretty heavily... and we are so fucking levered up that if this thing starts getting outside those limits it gets ugly in a hurry.
We shut his phone off.
Fuck.
He's freaking out.
Fuck you.
PETER (cont'd) Fuck you!
That's fucked up.
PETER (cont'd) This fucking traffic.
Fuck me... fuck me...
Oh fuck you Sam... give me a fucking break, all at once?
32 32 Jesus fucking Christ!
Kid's a fucking killer.
If people suddenly stop buying the shit we're selling.... WILL EMERSON (cont'd) You guys smoke?
Fuck you... you don't have a choice.
Fuck me?
(beat) So it looks like they are gonna have us dump this shit.
We were wrong.
So we've got ourselves quite exposed here... haven't we?
So what you're telling me Mr. Sullivan is that the music appears to be about to stop and we are going to be holding the biggest bag of stinking shit ever assembled in the history of capitalism?
Hell of a town isn't it?
That's a lot of fucking money.
52 52 Ah fuck, it's Jared.
It's created a bit of a shit storm.
I've been warning that cunt Robertson about this shit since last March.
Well... Fuck her... Fuck her.
One thousand, five hundred, thirty-one years... Fuck... That's what I did.
Crazy shit.
Dumping the whole fucking motherload in one day.
Fucked up.
Who the fuck is this?
Fuck em... Fuck em.
And Eric...don't beat yourself up too bad over this shit.
Who the fuck knows.
Fuck me.
I'm about to completely fuck guys I've been doing business with for fifteen years so no I'm not exactly ok with it.
Paranoid fucks.
Now I am supposed to read this statement here to you all but how bout you read it on your own time and I'll just tell you what the fuck's going on here.
1637, 1797, 1819, `37, `57,`84, 1901, `07, 1929, `37, `73, and 1987... God damn did that motherfucker fuck me up good, 92, 97, 2000, and whatever this is gonna be called.
GREENBAUM (cont'd) Asshole.
Shut up and turn to page 64.
(whispers in his ear) I'll fuck your brains out.
Oh, I suck.
Who the hell do I know in Kansas?
McConnell hates me.
Are you shitting me?
I shit you not.
That hurt you stupid bitch.
How do you know it's not some girl who's pissed off at me for breaking up with her?
Give me the fucking letter.
(jokingly) Shut up.
That's repulsive.
I'm gonna cum... I'm gonna... Hey Blaine, did I leave my... holy shit.
I told you to lock the door.
He's got a bad rep, but it's mostly bullshit.
I'm sworn to secrecy.
That nosey bitch.
Fuck her already.
What's wrong with you?
You're so tense.
I hate when things don't go my way.
I hate it too.
I'd hate to see Cecile ruin things with Court.
Who the hell do you think you are?! Excuse me.
CALDWELL (cont'd) How dare you treat me with such disrespect.
(angry) Took me off the streets?
I mean, we're destroying an innocent girl.
It's alright for you to fuck everyone, but because I'm a girl it's wrong.
(beat) I'm the Marsha fucking Brady of the upper East Side and sometimes I want to kill myself for it.
Then I fucked your daughter.
I was bored out of my fucking mind.
I hate doing charity.
Now that you're on your way, it would be stupid of you to stop.
But that would make me a slut.
Then what's wrong?
(frustrated) Shit.
SEBASTIAN (cont'd) What am I, an idiot?
Shit.
She shot you down.
You're telling me you had the chance to fuck her and you didn't.
I want to fuck.
What's wrong with you?
I'm a fucking wreck without you.
Then when I said "Well what about Ronald," he said you were nothing more than a stupid... the n word and that you deserved what you got...
Racist piece of shit.
(under his breath) Son of a bitch.
Where the hell do you come off hitting women?
I know that you fucked Cecile.
Fuck you.
Holy shit.
-- What's wrong with that?
The board is giving me hell.
She's at the premiere of "A Cold Day In Hell".
Viktor, you bastard!
And why the hell is she with you?
Until you slip up.
(irritated at her pricking his conscience) Why do you have to bring that up?
One thing bothered me.
(sarcastic, annoyed at the suggestion) Who else?
(irritated) What about the fingerprints?
I don't buy the whole recluse scam.
Too bad.
Damn -- (struggling to stay in her/his lane) Yes -- I -- (regaining control) -- I'm just a little tired.
Lunatics.
I've stabbed people in the back, clawed and slept my way to where I am -- it goes with the territory -- but, for some reason, I can't betray Simone.
I killed her! (clearing his throat) Excuse me.
No, Thelma, I don't give a shit what we have for dinner.
He's gonna shit.
And because Louise here is mad because her boyfriend won't call her while he's out on the road... (quieter) We just wanted to get somethin' to eat.
I didn't mean to bother ya.
Asshole.
Oh shit.
What's wrong?
Get lost.
It means shut up, Thelma.
I been standin' in this stupid parkin' lot all goddamn night, and I still got to go file a report before I can go home in time to get back up again!
Shit.
I'm in... I'm in real deep shit, Jimmy.
Deep shit Arkansas.
We're in the mountains, we're... (interrupting) What in the hell do you think you're doing?
Have you lost your goddamn mind?! Is that it?
Please don't get so mad.
(interrupting) That does it!
Go fuck yourself.
How long before we're in Goddamn Mexico?
Simon says everybody lie down on the floor.
I'm choking on it.
Because he's an inconsiderate asshole.
What's wrong with you?
Goddamn!
Find that fucking kid.
The law is some tricky shit, isn't it?
Alright, Louise! (yelling at the door) Hey! Hey! Who's the nut?
You're starting to irritate me.
Shit!
I'll be darned.
I hate this guy.
(impersonating Harlan) Suck my dick... Boom!! (quietly) Thelma.
(fighting hysteria) I'm warning you, Thelma.
Shit! Thelma, wake up! Shit!
What! What! Oh shit!
I don't care what the damn pioneers ate.
Shit.
And I'm not sorry the son of a bitch is dead.
Does that mean pull over, I want to show you what a big fat slob I am or... Does that mean suck my dick?
I'm not apologizing for shit!
Fuck that.
Damn.
I hate that!
I hate bein' called a beaver, don't you?
Fuck you.
Oh goddamn!!
You fucking bitch!
You hear me??!! Shut up.
Oh shit.
Shit! Did you see that guy?!
Oh my God!! What in the hell is it?!
They got guns pointed at 'em!
I'm talking to you! MIKE WALLACE (cont'd) What the hell do you think I am?
(cuts in) Okay.
Their expanded confidentiality agreement?
The hell with everything else.
I took the money.
(simply) I mean, what the hell is wrong with that...? Nothing's wrong with that.
That's what's wrong with it.
I don't know what the fuck really think!
Are they doing it for real and don't give a shit what I think?
What the hell's that got to do with my father?
Words!
While you've been dickin' around at fucking company golf tournaments, I been out in the world , giving my word and backing it up with action.
(frustrated) I heard you.
(beat) Yes, I get extremely emotional when assholes put bullets in my mailbox...! (upset) I didn't tell you that so you could just pick it up and take it away.
Because I'm getting two things: pissed off and curious!
Like, for instance, their ex-supervisor, who's already at Brown & Williamson as we fucking speak?
(frustrated) Ordinary people!
What the hell do you expect?
I wanted it out immediately.
I mean since whenever... Fuck it.
This is a sworn deposition.
I hear... "Shut the segment down.
And fuck off...!" That's what I hear.
You're exaggerating!
He violates his own fucking confidentiality agreement.
(runs on) "Put the corporation at risk"...? Give me a fucking break!
What's wrong?
They're killing the Wigand interview... What?! They're pretending it's process.
Bullshit, it's foregone.
Some public relations guy got a hold of a tape of an interview...where you're saying you were on the American Judo Team in the Olympics...? (explosive) What kind of shit is this?
He's dead.
Unless I can get this thing knocked down.
You're breaking up.
I want you - I want you to tell him, in these words: get on the fucking phone...! I can't say that!
Tell him to get on the fucking phone!
(at the door, to Jeffrey, loud) He told me to tell you, to get on...the fucking phone...! (on the phone, angry) You manipulated me into this...! That's bullshit, Jeff!
It's so fucking useless, all of it.
From my perspective, what's been going on and what I've been doing is ridiculous.
(after a beat) ...I'd be lying to you if I did not tell you how important it was in the court of public opinion... (a beat) ...and I'd be lying to you if I didn't tell you, I'm about out of moves, Dick...
Not 'til right fucking now!
Fuck the rules of the game!
What the hell did you expect?
It accuses us...of betraying the legacy of Edward R. Murrow.
The New York Times ran a blow by blow of what we talked about behind closed doors!
You fucked us! (shouting) No, you fucked you !
Don, what the hell else...do you need?
Mike, you tell him... (simply) You fucked up, Don.
Don't start that shit now.
The guy's a fuckin' douche bag.
Technology and shit.
Oh shit.
You talking shit about my buddy!? 'Cause I'm giving out free fuckin' ambulance rides!
Forty Five seconds left on the Power Play and the Sharks are knocking at the door.
Hey! Fuck you Reese!
Fuck you.
Her friend was fuckin' with him.
Why don't you try a little shut the fuck up, Devon.
Oh for fucks... What is it with you people?
All this noise and bullshit in this place and I'm such a distraction over here in your god damned peripheral vision!? Okay Stains, take it easy.
Well!? Fuckin' roll then!
You're outta your fuckin' mind - four!
But he drives a shit box so we gotta deduct a point for that.
Jap piece of shit!
So Kirk owes money!? HA! Shit, man!
That is God damn hilarious!
Talon!
My mother's here right now you son of a bitch.
Shit! Are you okay?
Damn, man!
Fuck you are!
Fuck a duck.
What the hell you doing with numbnuts here?
You think you're hot shit now?
You show up here with that piece of ass!? Either you're fucking with us or she's fucking with you so which is it?
A little!? Are you shitting me?
This girl of yours is already startin' shit.
That was Talon.
This fat tub of shit was following you but we got him.
I'd hate me too.
Whassup Bitches!
That's terrible.
It is Kirk and his crazy friend Stinker and they are most upset!
I was spilling over with...with fucking happy!
I'm warning you both - Molly has been through enough.
Understand!? Listen, bitch... Ahhh!! Jesus Christ!!! Kirk!! Who's your Mommy!? Come on!
You shut your hole! (to Kirk) What happened?
I know I was acting like an idiot.
It's too late for this shit, Kirk.
Tom fuckin' Wopat, bro! What!?
This guy's drunk as fuck and he shit himself.
What are you nuts!?
My point is... um... Oh, shit.
Damn it.
I'm going to have to ask you to fuck off immediately before I feed you your own fuckin' teeth!
Kirk, Marnie's a fuckin' bitch.
You said Marnie makes you feel secure but security is bullshit!
YOU'RE A TEN, MAN! You're not buying any of this bullshit are you?
They both crack up.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 5. Salvador Torres.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 13.
This flabby rubberband can throw 95.
20 20 Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 14.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 16.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 17.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 18.
So the Dominican's like, `Fuck, what am I gonna do?'
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 19.
(interjecting) Bullshit!
Fuck that.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 20.
For real, I'm glad this shit's over.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 27.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 28.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 29.
That shit is expensive.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 30.
I injured my knee, asshole.
Fifty bucks you're still an asshole next month.
You strike him out?
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 33.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 39.
Shit.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 40.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 41.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 42.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 43.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 52.
CHURCHGOERS flood out of the church after the service.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 53.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 54.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 64.
Oh, shit!
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 65.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 66.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 67.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 68.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 73.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 74.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 75.
Holy shit!
On a airplane, motherfucker.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 77.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 87.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 89.
Yeah! Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 90.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 91.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 97.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 98.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 99.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 100.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 101.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 106.
I'm just saying... Whatever, man, you wouldn't be saying that shit if you made it.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 107.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 108.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 109.
Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 110.
Don't give me this passive/aggressive bullshit.
I hate the thought of guys hitting on you all the time.
And you are in no position to be jealous.
Who said I was jealous?
I mean, I'm not saying I know people think you're a bitch, I'm saying I know what you mean.
Besides, even if I decided to fuck his brains out, what business is that of yours?
You say it just to irritate me.
That goddam diamond stud earring that cost me a fucking fortune.
What's wrong with that?
What the hell happened over there?
Did he make a pass at you? No! Then what's the story, what's this "strange" bullshit all of a sudden?
And upset.
She didn't tell you why she was upset?
Were you disappointed?
(voice over) I hate my sister.
Why? (rambling) Because all she thinks about are these guys she's after and I just hate her she's such a little slut I thought that in high school and I think that now.
Religion, greed, philanthropy, drugs.
Oh, so you'll let a total stranger record your sexual life on tape, but you won't tell your own sister?
You didn't do it, I did, and if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
Now who the hell is going to do that for me?
No. (digging through the box) It's my fucking tape, you asshole-- (heated) No!!
Loud.
Quitting your therapy won't feed the children of Ethiopia.
Fuck you.
That son of a bitch!! (thinking) Well, at least I know you didn't fuck him.
So is my wife, asshole!! She's not property, John, she's a person.
Were you just going to keep right on lying to her? What the hell do you think?
You're the fucking nut.
No. Graham, I swear to Christ I'll kill your scrawny ass.
Your keys, asshole!!
Your two fucking keys!! Give them to me!! I'm not going to give you my keys.
Bastard... (on tape) He does.
(on tape) Does he go down on you? (shouting at Graham) You son of a bitch!! (on tape) Not very often.
(to Ann's image) You bitch.
(to Graham) God damn you!! (on tape) Yes.
All she does is think about that stuff, and I hate that, I don't want to be like her, I don't want to be like her!! (on tape) You're not like your sister.
I was...I was a pathological liar.
(thinking) God, I m so mad at him!!
He lied to you.
I mean, fuck.
(on speaker) He said immediately.
A beat.
Get back, you idiots.
The power that I am stealing...
And so we stand, four square against the fundamental force that orders and maintains our universe... gravity... which is holding down this goddamn ball.
No sir... Then shut up!
The Slammies??? I'd kill for that!!! Would you pay $125?
(frustrated) I can't...
Damn! Peter, Doc Ock wants to see you.
He thinks that my theory is... well, I don't know... (to himself) The scoundrel... (turns angry) I want to see that data, Peter!
They are all a bunch of brainless assholes, that's what I say... Weiner!
I hate bag ladies.
I hate little kids.
We need news value photographs, not artsy-fartsy shit!
(the whine grows louder) Come on Rosomorf, let's stop him before this building will explode.
Shut it down, Octavius.
(to Thorkel) You're denying me access to my cyclotron?!
No thank you, I just had dinner at my aunt's... Piss off, Weiner!
(really angry now) You'll be sorry, Parker.
Well, what the hell!! You're a kid who's going places, and I'm gonna point you the right way.
Kill the alarms!
We're losing him.
The cyclotron is damaged... What used to be the cyclotron was permanently shut down this afternoon.
He is Spider-Man, and I handle him... Whenever you want a rematch call me.
What a wreck.
What a useless, wasted wreck.
Take a hike, asshole.
I'm pooped.
Goddamn rock and roll's screwed up the whole TV.
Peter...! Wait here... Liz? (screaming from the street) Peter!
(holding Liz) Who the hell are you?
(falling away) You jerk! (straightening herself) Tell your friend Peter next time I'll get the taxi myself... (screams) Hey... you jerk... you phony Spider-Man... Prepare to meet your death, bug.
I've no time to waste on you now.
Leave him alone!!! Leave them alone Otto! But, they won't help me.
I was wrong.
It's mad, but it's brilliant.
Damn... the Conjunction is due at midnight!
Damn the calculations!
BANG! BANG! SPIDEY comes to just as the section of floor beneath himself and ROZ gives way and falls through.
I'm in a goddamn flying building...
Why are you in trouble?
(stopping him) I am not retarded.
A politics, if you will.
A literature of protest.
It is, in the end, whatever the hell I want it to be.
Stupid job.
This crowd of drunken motherfuckers hired by the local drug cartel shows up at my hotel room and threatens to tear me limb from limb.
They were throwing bottles at the house.
Bug off, Vicky! (reading) 'Saving America From Itself.' What the fuck is this?
Remember how yesterday we discussed the relative desirability of cadence in relation to the readability of... (off) Oh, shit!
Eat shit and die, Henry! (screaming) Beast!
Oh, shut up, Mom! Henry, wait up!
Shit.
What's wrong?
Pardon me, sir... Fuck off! Right.
He told me to tell you that if you don't call him they're gunna put you back in jail.
He was talking to Mr Deng too, and, well, you know, I was thinking... Simon, just shut the fuck up! Forgive me.
Does she ever feel stupid?
You've made a fuckin' telephone book.
They're upsetting.
How's he strike you?
This is only my opinion.
Oh, the slut!
He thinks I'm a slut.
Oh, shit.
Distracted.
(weakly) The world is full of shit.
The world is full of shit.
He's a fraud.
He's a great American poet, you dumb fuck!
She was very angry.
I'm warning you, Ned.
Yo, Mini, why don't you use that mouth for something useful and suck my dick?
Actually, now that you mention it, I can't think of anything I'd rather do than suck your dick.
Hey, what the?! (grabbing his belt buckle) I'm going to suck your dick, Troy, you said I could.
No, Troy, I want to suck your dick right now! Jesus, Mini, come on, get off!
Come on, I want to suck your throbbing member right now! Mini? (screaming) When I call you, I expect you to answer.
She got knocked up with me and he told her she couldn't be on the show, unless she hoovered me out.
Do you want to live in this shit hole your whole life?
Then stay in your fucking room until they leave.
Then one Thursday night I get a a last minute gig at a fuck pad in Westwood that some executive keeps so "wifey" doesn't find the motel bills on the gold card statements.
He told me it was a monumental mistake and that we should both never mention it again.
Can I ask how the hell you married her without a pre-nup?
Goddamn it!
Goddamn it!
Goddamn it!
Fucking shit!
...and now I'm gonna miss it because I can't find my fucking car keys?!
Yeah, in the fucking bowl by the fucking door where I always fucking put them!
(annoyed) Uh, Carlos...english, comprende?
Carlos, what the hell is going on?
What is going on?! Carlos, what the fuck are all these flowers doing here?! Oooh, now I see why he makes the big bucks.
(annoyed) Mini!
hey stop in front of a wall of tools: hand axes, hammers and My feeling was that until they were ready to weld the door to her padded cell shut... ...there was more work to be done.
Take it easy, lady, what the hell's your problem?
I hate to break it to you, but wherever you "weren't prepared to go"...the hypocrite express just rolled into the station.
What's wrong with you?
Our loss?
He found the clothes and goggles and he fucking knows!
I know, it's stupid as hell to talk to a cop without a lawyer, but I didn't want to look jumpy and my first real interrogation?
I doubt she would have had an intimate knowledge of how car fumes feel when you choke on them.
He'll be upset I let a stranger in the house.
I've already cancelled-- (frustrated) Damn it!
Why didn't you call me?! (annoyed) Hey, I didn't know you had plans!
What the hell was I thinking, letting you talk me into this?
Fucking shit!
Fucking shit!
Fucking shit!
Look at that smug prick...He's fucking with me and I will not be fucked with.
That son of bitch just cost me the firm I worked fifteen years to build.
Hi, Mr. Rudell, I'm sorry to bother you.
Young lady, stealing anything, especially prescription drugs is a serious matter.
She made me steal them for her!
She wasn't conscious past 9:30, but it was the fumes that killed her.
Fuck you.
You son of a bitch... "Let's take it nice and easy..." (frantic) Yes, hello, you've got to send a police car to 2376 Mira Loma Lane right away!
The negatives!
You son of a bitch!
Not her! Now tell me where they are or I swear to god, I'll crack your head open!
No! This is insane!
You're gonna kill him!
How many gallons does each one of those damn things carry ?
Listen Captain, buy me all the beer you want, but you better tell that asshole over there you're not going to find out anymore about me.
Touchy.
I hate that -- Every time I hear that noise something terrible happens.
Burst your ears -- suck the air outta your lungs.
Who's your commanding officer ?
Well who the hell verifies that ?
He was working A.R.V.N. patrols and had one a them little cocky gook asshole Lieutenants -- anyhow, the Lieutenant took his new Playboy one day, sat on the end of the dock, and wouldn't give it back.
You leave your shitty little hands off that girl.
Gook Lieutenant says Fuck you in Vietnamese -- Sergeant says, don't do that again.
Man, it blew him clean off the dock -- Hell, just the magazine was floatin' there all full of holes.
Shit, you jump in ?
Shit, Head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
(continuing) What's the name of that goddamn village -- Vin Drin Dop or Lop; damn gook names all sound the same.
That's where we lost McDonnel -- they shot the hell out of us.
Hell, we'll pick your boat up and lay it down like a baby, right where you want it.
Hell, a six foot left.
(continuing) Hell of a hot L.Z.
Fucking savages.
The enemy.
Son of a bitch.
(continuing; to himself) Son of a bitch.
Forget that extra drum -- it's too damn hot.
(continuing; screaming) It's gonna blow this place out.
Then let's get the hell out of here.
Incoming -- son of a bitch.
How can you tell their weapons.. an' how far they're going?
It's a motherfucking tiger -- goddamn... (continuing; screaming) Goddamn -- Jesus Christ tiger -- motherfucking tiger -- ohhhhhhhhh -- (hysterical) Ohhhh -- tiger !
Oh goddamn !
Goddamn, a tiger !
What's this tiger shit?
I think I shot the hell out of him.
Who stopped to measure him -- let's get the hell out of here.
There as a fucking tiger in the woods -- I could've been eaten alive.
Fuck you, you'll get what's coming to you.
(continuing) This is the cesspool of hell.
Straight ahead, son of a bitch.
You came right to it, son of a bitch -- Son of a bitch, sir.
C'mon -- Get your asses down, buddy.
Watch your feet, asshole -- (continuing) You stepped on my face.
(to Willard) I can't see a fucking thing.
Fucking plastic boat.
(shouting to Chief) What about ducking into one of those tributaries till this river slows down?
This is my crew and my fucking boat, and I'm the responsible party.
(finally relents, turns the helm) You're fucking crazy.
I know it sounds stupid, but I feel like the goddamn jungle's watching us.
That we're dumber than we look.
Thirty meters up, Lance; I saw the fucking flash.
I'm ripping 'em, man, son-of-a- bitch, it's jammed, oh God, it's jammed.
Throw me that ordnance.
Food's shot to hell.
In the middle of the jungle -- a goddamn light.
I can't steer with my goddamn feet.
Who is the commanding officer?
I went home, wasted some time, bought a Mustang Mach 1, drove it a week.
Holy shit.
Will they attack?
Shit !
Fucking arrows !
They're shooting fucking arrows at us.
and Acid -- I make Koolaid that makes purple Owsley come on like piss.
Right on -- he's been waiting for -- And shut up.
(breaking in) His name is... I'm not ever goin' to tell you to shut up again.
(continuing) Do you know me Holy shit.
I could never figure -- (he drinks from the canteen) I could never figure how they can teach boys how to bomb villages with napalm -- and not let them write the word 'fuck' on their airplanes.
And goddamn, we made it happen.
Hot damn !
You're wrong.
Your murder weapon?
You see the crap piled up on it?
-Auditorium nostrum- Stop.
What's wrong?
And the others, incompetent.
What the hell is going on?
This is madness!
Brenna, where the hell are you?
My quarrel is not with you.
I am evil.
How can I stop such a man?
You're wrong.
That bothers you?
Why, that son of a bitch.
What the hell were you looking for in mine?
You're an asshole, Moran.
Go to hell.
You're wrong.
You did kill those men.
"Threaten you"?
You're wrong.
The young man throws a fist at Conor.
Taupin pours a glass of punch.
Damn you.
I owe him this.
What's wrong?
The scream of your blood.
No! I'll destroy you.
Smart bloody kaffir -- throw him out!
You move your damn sammy carcass back to third class or I'll have you thrown off at the next station.
If I had prosecuted him as everyone advised -- even you -- they would have hated me -- by showing forgiveness I -- ouch!
(Then shouting out) Down! Down!
Everyone lie down!
Lie down!
Lie down!
Lie down!
Lie down!
They've arrested her and four others.
Violence sows hatred, and the will to revenge.
And those of us who supported it, and those of us who refused must forget our differences!
(defiantly) With respect, I refuse to go.
(Flat, irrevocable) But they will be ours -- not yours.
The Anti- Terrorist Act will remain on the statutes, but on no account is Gandhi to be arrested.
Might Mr. Nehru be there too? (glibly) The irresponsible young Nehru is in prison -- again.
No. Come, come -- you will be my daughter... ...but then some rioting broke out between Hindus and Muslims -- violent, terrible... Whether it was provoked... (he shrugs, a hint of suspicion) But it gave them an excuse to impose martial law throughout Bengal.
I'll stuff your damn mouth with it!
Leave him alone -- he wasn't harming you!
They're murderers!
Bapu, forgive me -- I've cheated.
Come! Kill me first!
Where are you?! Kill me first!
Only God decides who goes to hell... (stiffening, aggressive) I -- I killed a child... (Then an anguished defiance) I smashed his head against a wall.
The Muslims killed my son... they killed him.
I know a way out of hell.
It has stopped -- the madness has stopped.
Diego told me yesterday that you finished the script.
What's wrong with him?
(Powerless, furious) It cannot be!
Hi Harry.
Blackmailers!
And what does that have to do with Harry?
He's crazy.
It never is for you! (Exasperated) Hey, if it bothers you so much to look after Harry, I'll quit the job and stay in Madrid!
(She hates having to account for herself.)
Ernesto Martel doesn't give a crap about this movie and those of us making it, except for one person!
Son of a bitch!
Do you know how many fucks we've had since we arrived yesterday?
(repulsed expression) He has not given me a second to breathe, the asshole!
(To Ernesto) Stop it, Ernesto!
(Containing his rage) Decide, what?! I can't move from one shot where you are walking normally to another one where you are wearing a cast!
(A bit agitated) I hate stopping!
How dare you take it and crumple it?
What do you have to speak to Ivan about, you whore!
That we make a piece of crap of a movie!
Fuck them!
What's wrong?
It was cancer.
But I would rather not speak of that right now... (Irritated, by the surprise) What kind of accident?
(Orders him, annoyed) Try to!
It slipped.
If I was going to betray you, I wanted to pay the full price... What a living hell!
My betrayal was my revenge against you, against her and against myself...
Since he wasn't calling, I've torn the phone from the wall, in a moment of rage... I've tripped on the thing, but I didn't want to pry...
He's that kind of guy who knows how to drive a woman mad with pleasure!
Are you crazy?
Get up off this floor, Rose, and put your damned tit back in your dress!
(a furious whisper) Buddy, that was my place.
Goddamn you, girl!
You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge!
What are you, crazy?
But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here.
Do you hear me, damn you.
I have robbed a cradle and fallen into hell!
It upsets your mother.
Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses.
Rose, you and Brother wait in the car.
Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better.
(sullenly) Where is she?
(throws his napkin on table) Rose, my patience is wearing thin.
Then why does she act so dumb?
You see -- You son of a bitch, what are you doing here?! I'd like to ask you the same question, you bastard!
I told you to stay away from her, goddamn you!
Go on, throw one, throw one!
I'll throw one, you son of a bitch!
All right, I have got a Parker shotgun here and it is loaded and the trigger is cocked and wherever you birds are and whatever you are doing you had better get the hell out of here goddamned quick!
And do not come back, you sons of bitches!
Oh, shut up, Rose.
Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist.
(turns to Rose and, in a grave tone) Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger?
Yes, I know the son of a bitch.
Son of a bitch is right, he dern near killed a man.
You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill you!
I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as much as you do.
They're too provocative.
Rose! Rose! Open this goddamn door!
Open that door, damn you!
Now, you will see, she's lying like she always does -- that belly will be flat as a pancake!
They're dumb things.
That policeman who arrested me, the one I bit!
Well, you have knocked me for a hell of a loop, old man.
A hell of a loop.
That's a hell of a thing to say.
Friend here did a half-gainer with a firebird tuck from the third floor.
Should I bother sitting?
I hate horses.
I hate that canyon.
I hate this this whole plateau.
Too many goddamn ghosts.
Leave me alone, Gabriel.
I hate to break it you, but that particular family spat has been settled for 1,600 years.
Satan?
Send me a fucking postcard.
I've got a headache, Tom, and I hate my life.
But I did it, didn't I? I did kill myself.
(upset) It's not here.
(spins wildly on him) Shut up!! Now, if you were a soul, where would you hide?
The hell away from you.
But he -- Do it again and I'll put your head in the door and slam it.
I wanted to know what the hell he was doing there.
Latin for "I don't have the slightest fucking idea".
Too much fucking sky in the desert.
Goddamn expensive.
It was the evil of two lessers.
I hate it.
(then, under her breath) That son of a bitch... Who? Gabriel the children called him.
Looking like an idiot if it's nothing.
It's cold... Shit.
They were screaming and fighting over... theology.
They don't sweat much about that in hell.
The son of a bitch.
You dumb fucking assholes!
(shouts) God's morons!
They're arrogant, boastful little pricks.
You have the gun?
Fuck you.
Isn't your friend hungry?
Take 522 to the Sonsela Wash cut- off.
And you get to kill.
Why go to the wall with the bitch and her rug rat?
Your war's a lie! (pauses) What?
It was all just jealousy.
Fuck you!
Are you threatening me?
Then ask yourself, do you really, really want to fuck with us?
My boyfriend will be here any second and he'll be pissed when I tell him...
I lied.
And he's big and plays football and will beat the shit out of you.
I lied before...
I heard screaming.
I coulda swore I heard screaming.
Authorities have yet to issue a statement but our sources tell us that no arrest has been made and the murderer could strike again... Do you believe this shit?
You heard Billy-shut the fuck up.
He's full of shit.
Fuck you, nut case.
Yeah, Randy, she's getting mad.
You know I don't watch that shit.
They're ridiculous.
I'll be damned.
But these kids today...damn if I know.
BAM! Bitch went down.
I owe you shit.
And it had to be you with all your lies and bullshit theories.
You called me a liar.
He's lying.
And it fucked her up royally.
Where do you get this shit?
You're both expelled.
Fairness would be to rip your insides out and hang you from a tree so you can be exposed for the desensitized, heartless little shits that you are.
Himbry's shutting down the school though.
I told Stu to keep his mouth shut.
Where the hell you been, boy?
He had all these brain dead sisters and that idiot brother from CHARLES IN CHARGE.
You little shit.
I've been a selfish shit and I'm sorry.
How can you watch this shit over and over?
Shit.
What the fuck is he doing here?
He's lying.
He killed Tatum.
Fuck you both.
He's gonna kill me.
He's gone mad.
"We all go a little mad sometimes."
You're crazy--both of you.
Where the fuck is it?
(off camera) Right here, asshole.
Where the fuck did she go? (picking up phone) Hello?
You bitch--where the fuck are you?
(SCREAMING in phone) I'm gonna rip you up bitch.
This is for my Mom, asshole.
He... He's nuts.
And the winner is Powers Boothe for 'Jonestown--Story of a Massacre.'Fuck!
(sharply) Why are you being so damn foul?
A fair trade... tell you what you want to know in return for a... (grimaces over dialogue she must say) ...a pity fu... ...the height of ego.
What a hoot!
It's one thing being a son-of-a-bitch, but you don't have to be a stupid son-of-a-bitch.
Don't criticize the way I mother or I think I'll start to scream and never st...
(a sudden gust of anger) Yesssss!
What's wrong?
You talk about manners--are you actually so bitter you don't realize how you acted just now?
Oh, shit.
(furious) Get out of my way.
What in hell is wrong with you?
(with a real edge) You're going to have to learn to look at me and listen to me and the longer I have to wait THE ANGRIER (looks up suddenly) I'm so mad.
And I don't care because I'm be stupid at it anyway.
(to himself) How bad can it be?
What's wrong?
You wouldn't want to fuck him?
So you'd want to fuck him?
Did you hate it?
There's such trouble.
(again) It's just that they... Well, did they tell you what an audience is? (insulted) I know what an audience is.
(as a furious Black woman) 'Don't test me, child!
Shit.
(screaming) I ask you!
Complaints?
My asshole itches.
I am damned to hell.
A constant, inarticulate rage leading to fist fight after fist fight.
Rejection.
Expulsion.
Hey, fuck you.
Hey, fuck you.
Until that stupid tv show he did.
Last week I got fucked by an Oriental.
Eh, I just don't get into all the bullshit between cats and chicks.
It's such sentimental bullshit.
You're a pretty angry young fella, aren't you?
Can't fight worth a damn though.
Mad at the world.
Why don't you go trolling there?
(whispering) Jesus, it is the fucking CIA! Hell, I'll be a spy!
Are you fucking with me?
You're fucking with me, aren't you?
Get to fuck beautiful Eastern European women.
Jesus Christ was dead and alive again by thirty-three.
For fuck's sake, I know which hand you jerk off with.
Montessori's Revenge.
Damn Mexicans and their water.
My big cock.
He was ugly and fat and stupid.
Fuck you!
Oh, fuck, Loretta.
Shit fuck piss.
Well, that's rude.
I hate you so much right now.
I lied.
The godamn son of a bitch.
(lets go) Get out of here, you pussy faggot piece of shit dog-shit shithead.
I spent six months sitting on that fucking couch she's fucking you on, fucking waiting for the fucking plumbers to come!
God, you are such an asshole!
Fuck.
That's ridiculous.
(muttering) Oh, fuck me.
This guy sucks.
Other times he'd rant like a crazy man.
"Nijinsky," he yelled, "now there was a dancer!"
The fucking bag.
(for Barris's ears only) You're fucking crazy, man.
Once again you deserve it.
I mean, who the hell are you?
What the fuck have you ever done that elevates you above the pathetic masses?
That fucking profile again!
What's the fuck is it?!
You're lying.
A lie.
I hate myself for how I've lived, Treesh.
A man bash in the back of his head with a hammer, lay down on the tracks and kill himself!
You evil this morning.
You know how dumb I was?
How 'bout that?
My papa taught me one thing: don't never bullshit a West Indian bullshit artist.
Shit, what else she gonna say?
I ain't drinking hot piss with you.
You're a damn liar.
Hell, you ain't even heard us-- Like every hustler I was trapped.
What in the hell are you talking about?
When you go busting your fists against a stone wall, you're not using your brains.
How bout that?
Here's a man, brothers and sisters, who shot up with me, who robbed with me, and did time in the white devil's jailhouse.
133A 	INSERT FLASH - Sammy, he's dead on top of TEENAGE WHORE who is How about Old Cadillac?
Git the hell away, you bitch, I'll pay you tomorrow.
Mr. X, I won't make you out a liar.
Because you're in trouble.
Hey, bitch.
He grabbed me.
You were making long-range plans for his ass while he was mouthing off in the car -- and you're supposed to be above that shit.
Pogo, stop the shit.
Right behind you! (to man) Stop and lie down with your arms... shit.
I hate that.
Why do I get punished for it?
What's so wrong with that?
You know Nester -- on the Culver City P.D.? He went out on a violent domestic dispute yesterday.
We've got a loose dog raiding garbage cans, knocking 'em over.
She feels bad 'cause you yelled at her. What?! Who the hell do you think you are?
Who the hell are you to talk to me?! You're so damn impatient.
Get away from me! You're so busy being pissed off, and time is going by.
You asked for it -- calling me a coward.
Don't be such a damn Marine about everything.
Life is shit, but I'm dating this great dead guy.
This asshole side-swiped me!
You lying bastard!
I told you -- I saw the kid, you idiot.
I... What's wrong?
It's awful.
Is he in trouble?
This is wrong!
It's wrong!
So leave me alone!
Damn you -- why won't you stop?!
You bitch!
You hit him.
Loud aggressive rides.
Why do we bother?
THE FAMILY FROM HELL moves off.
(irritated) Val... Val.
He's inside getting pissed.
MR NICK turns and throws a spell at PERCY who goes rigid like a statue - struck dumb.
A gob of bird shit lands on MR.
And I'm wrong!
MR NICK is furious.
PERCY screams.
With his hands t-tied behind his b- back?
The MAN precedes DOCTOR PARNASSUS in the tiny room.
(offended) That's enough!
Little toe-rag.
You must admit... even idiots have their qualities.
What?... How...? PERCY produces a small contraption with wires from behind his back and gives it to DR PARNASSUS.
ANTON, irritated, glances back at DOCTOR PARNASSUS who is worried about the lack of customers.
Only b-because she d-doesn't realize... Let go of her you silly pillock!
Crack!
That's her screaming!
Chaos.
Out front, the CROWD, larger now, is reacting badly to the dreadful screams.
He's blacked up and dressed in rags.
PERCY is appalled.
Bugger!
(sobbing) It's useless... Hopeless...
This stupid theatre...!... That's all I've ever known...! I've always believed it was something precious, but it's not... it's a lie...I hate it!
Evil people!
Leave me alone.
TONY opens his mouth and is about to slip the tube down his throat when he spots the Hanged Man Tarot card lying at his feet.
The CROWD goes into very slow motion...but twice as angry.
This is ridiculous!
Inscrutable natives gliding through twisted, narrow streets, but -- (Irritated at not being taken seriously) Oh, Ben! Then relax.
He was wrong.
Ben, Ben, I hate you, with my whole heart.
You damn miserable human...how could anybody...do... I...never wanted to...come here in...first...Place...oh Hank, Hank darling...if I ever...wake...I'll kill...you...you... Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
I'll give you money and keep my mouth shut.
Worse than useless.
Kidnapping that child in Marrakesh...Don't you realize that Americans dislike having their children kidnapped?
Damn right I'm sensitive.
The agnate mother is left alone.
For Christ's sake, is that my fault?
- B O O M - BURDON FIRES but the shot misses, hitting the bartender - exploding on impact with A BLINDING ELECTRICAL DISCHARGE - the stunned bartender spasms and drops - Burdon pumps and chambers another slug - his weapon now earned the name of a "thunderbolt".
( i n n o c e n t , plaintive) I'm hungry.
What the fuck are you doing, man?
LINCOLN AND ESTER RACE UP THE COLONNADE - against the flow of figures - darting and weaving like fish swimming upstream -- D I G G S BURSTS FROM THE NORTH EXIT - launching up the north side of the terminal - thinner foot traffic here, faster going -- LINCOLN AND ESTER SLOWING - the flow massing under the portico - they peel through - the holoform p h o e n i x rumbling overhead -- D I G G S TURNING THE NORTH CORNER - pausing to touch his earpiece - now launching south down the colonnade - towards the portico - jerking a pair of handcuffs from his belt, ready for the snatch-- LINCOLN AND ESTER GAINING PACE - past the portico now, the way opening - Lincoln's eyes flaring - a face in the distance ahead - the pale man - he swings Ester around - doubling back to find -- B U R D O N COMING UP BEHIND - the flow of figures, no obstacle - parting at his thunderous onset - his quarry, stopped and staring at him - almost upon them - handcuffs at the ready-- LINCOLN FREEZES - caught between the dark giant and the pale man - Ester cringing to his side - the dark giant charging up on them - sunlight on metal - the sight of the handcuffs - TRIGGERING HIM-- LINCOLN GRABS ESTER - swinging her off the sidewalk - lowering her into the lodeway - leaping down to join her - lode poles pulsing, thrumming - rivets on their denims, rattling from the polarity - traffic soaring past on lode-stream, chest-high - Why the fuck d i d n ' t you go after them?! Fuck!
What the fuck d o we do now, huh?
I said drop the fucking w e a p o n !
Get `em, Burdie - and take off the fucking g l o v e s . . .
(still nothing, aggravated) What the fuck are you?
Deaf and dumb?
DIGGS' CLAWING FINGERS discover Lincoln's knife - tugging it from his jacket - Lincoln grabbing his wrist, fighting for control - THE KNIFE MOVING BETWEEN THEM - Diggs with better leverage - the blade inching towards Lincoln's face - pressing into his cheek-- LINCOLN'S EYES - welling black, almost inhuman - the sense of danger screaming in his ears - he grabs the pale man's throat - DIGGS' EYES - bulging as he strains to push the knife home - oxygen draining - conscious ebbing - he slumps back - LINCOLN REGAINS THE KNIFE - the pale man seems to be out cold - but he's not sure - he pauses holding the blade over him, then-- BURDON SNAPS AIM FOR ANOTHER SHOT - beading - his target moving now - dropping out of the firing line - into the lode-canal-- BURDON INCHES TOWARD THE EDGE - thunderbolt angling downward - into the trench - then suddenly he's GRABBED BY THE ANKLES - LINCOLN STRAINING to overbalance the giant - feet up against the wall - like trying to topple a tree - finally winning some give- BURDON TOPPLES INTO THE TRENCH - his ankles clamped by his quarry - both men meeting the concrete with a bone-shaking- - THUD - LINCOLN IS CRUSHED BENEATH THE MASSIVE WEIGHT - the giant already recovering from the fall - now dragging him upright-- - THUD - BURDON THROWS A PUNCH - mightily - hurling his quarry across the trench - moving in quickly, following up with a kick-- - THUD - LINCOLN CRUMPLES as the boot smacks into him - then another kick - then another - the world starts blurring -- BURDON TURNS AWAY - his quarry disabled for now - he recovers his thunderbolt - turns back to administer the coup de grace-- LINCOLN LOOKS UP - the giant looming - the muzzle of his weapon thrumming with energy - the rivets on his denims start rattling-- BURDON SPINS ROUND - the thunderbolt suddenly ripped from his grasp - there, in the distance - AN EASTBOUND BARGE IS COMING - LINCOLN SCRAMBLES UP THE WALL OF THE TRENCH - muscles straining, feet slipping on the concrete - escaping the imminent vessel -- DIGGS COMING TO - now seeing his quarry a short distance away - emerging from the lode-canal - he looks around for a weapon, then- Diggs!
BURDON STRUGGLING TO CLIMB OUT OF THE TRENCH - with one arm, it's almost impossible - fighting against his own weight-- DIGGS REACHING THE EDGE - seeing the eastbound barge coming - grabbing his partner's outreached hand - pulling him upward - BURDON'S PANIC - his other arm flinging away - HIS METAL BRACE SNARED BY THE LODE-STREAM - the force shuddering his entire body- DIGGS PULLING WITH ALL HIS MIGHT - feet slipping - locked in a tug of war with the lodestream - THE BARGE IS CLOSING FAST-- BURDON'S HORROR - now suspended between the two forces - feet kicking - THE BARGE IS ALMOST UPON HIM - he screams agonized-- Help me! HELP MEEEEE!
Burdie...? THE SHADOW OF THE ROCK - Lincoln rejoins Ester - casting a look back - the eastbound barge now plummeting into the distance-- D I G G S STOOPING AT THE EDGE OF THE TRENCH - looking down - all that remains of his partner is a smear of blood at the concrete-- LINCOLN AND ESTER REACHING THE FOOT OF THE ROCKS - seeing THE WESTBOUND BARGE against the sunrise - snaking into the passage-- DIGGS PULLING UPRIGHT - spotting his quarry - fire in his eyes - drawing out a boot-knife - slipping it between his teeth-- THE WESTBOUND BARGE pulling through the canyon - lode-poles pulsing ahead of it - polarity thrumming in opposing flow-- LINCOLN AND ESTER start running as the barge comes towards them - Lincoln pulling Ester along - struggling to match the pace-- A SOUND LIKE A BEATING TYMPANY COMING TOWARDS THEM - they look round to see - A SHADOW RUNNING ALONG THE TOP OF THE BARGE-- D I G G S FLINGING HIMSELF OFF THE BARGE - the blade in his teeth - arms spread - for an instant, like a vulture against the sun-- LINCOLN IS SUDDENLY CRUSHED by the weight of his landing - ESTER IS HURLED SIDEWAYS - into a ditch - lost in a cloud of dust-- D I G G S PULLING HIMSELF UP, astride of Lincoln - snatching the knife from his clenched teeth - the sound, like a whetstone-- LINCOLN SPITTING DIRT - suddenly grabbed by the scalp and tugged sideways - twisted partways o n t o his back, forced to look up at-- A BLACK SPOT AGAINST THE SUN - Diggs' face set in a murderous sneer - he wants to see this fucker's e y e s - the torment-- LINCOLN DAZZLED BY THE SUNLIGHT - but suddenly knowing the face of death - now catching the brief glint of the knife as -- D I G G S PLUNGES THE BLADE DOWN - slicing into his quarry's hand as he throws it up in defense - his quarry YOWLING WITH PAIN-- LINCOLN FEELING THE STAB - his deepest instinct suddenly awoken - every impulse, every fiber brought into alignment - survival-- D I G G S IS HURLED INTO THE AIR as Lincoln surges upward - he tumbles backward into the dust - losing hold of the boot-knife-- LINCOLN PUSHES HIMSELF UPRIGHT - only makes it half-way - scrambling towards the pale man - all fours, like an animal-- D I G G S CLAWING AROUND IN THE DUST - fingers finding metal - the boot-knife - he brings it up - slashing at his imminent quarry-- LINCOLN RECOILING - the blade nicking his face - sudden rage - grabbing the pale man by the arm - swinging him round into-- - B O O M - THE MOVING WALL OF FREIGHT CONTAINERS - as the westbound barge passes - Diggs bounces off - stumbling to keep balance-- LINCOLN ON THE RETREAT - the pale man coming at him with the knife - another nick - seeing a gap now, shoving him backwards-- - B O O M - THE MOVING WALL RESOUNDS - Diggs howls - snagged by a bolt - hurt, his fury becomes incandescent - he strikes madly-- LINCOLN STUMBLING BACK - the pale man coming at him - the blade flashing to and fro - frenzied - like a threshing machine-- F O R C I N G HIM UP AGAINST THE ROCKS - the knife almost upon him - he grits his teeth and lunges forward - charging like a bull -- DIGGS CAREENS BACKWARD, still swiping the blade - digging into his quarry - headlong towards the moving wall - hitting with-- - W H U M P - no resonant boom - no bouncing back - Diggs has hit a gap between the containers and HIS HEAD HAS BEEN LOPPED OFF - Ester! Stop!
Take her somewhere they can't find her... Katherine , what the hell's going on?
I'm jealous of you.
You get only one shot with these fucking critics and I don't want you to blow a rare opportunity.
How long you think you can fuck everybody?
Hell, I'm not an agent.
That Harry's a damn fool!
What is involved?
She'll belt out five or six showtunes -- two sets a night -- and it won't cost you a fucking nickel.
You're full of shit.
'Shit-for- brains' -- that's what the bigger kids named me.
Hey, 'shit-for brains' reporting for duty.
Sometimes I think if I have to give one more fucking manicure... That's how you met me.
That would make me angry.
Alright, bullshit artist, what am I doing right now? Scratching your forehead with your left hand.
Not mine, you lowlife fuck.
Fuck you.
Shit, this is a new one.
Fucking threatening calls in a goddam phone booth.
How he lies.
You're ruining my fucking life, you sonofabitch.
If you got you a cell phone, how come you taking up the whole fucking booth!
Here I'm trying to put the place on the map and he fucks it all up with a major roach problem.
I only stepped in because the traffic was so loud outside.
I'm not gonna let you mind-fuck me all day!
I'm dying to hear this!!! What the fuck can you do about it -- up in your fucking high window with your goddam binoculars?
For years I hated people hanging up on me.
The heat of it.
Shit -- I do feel it.
One of my people got nailed for indecent exposure.
I'm disappointed.
I'm about to cut you a second asshole if you don't vacate those premises.
He's got him a fucking cellular.
Take the damn thing.
Do I have to rip that fucking phone out of there?
You gotta be high on something to willingly divest yourself of your valuables -- just to maintain occupancy of a fucking phone booth that the local bums piss in every night.
You look like you're ready to piss yourself.
We're about to be cut off.
I warned you not to cut yourself.
He's fucked up.
You shut the fuck up!
Look! Everybody get the fuck back!
(shouts) That's bullshit.
Go ahead -- make a fucking run for it.
This is murder.
He was a fucking thief.
And now he's a fucking dead thief.
Now you're being disrespectful of me.
You keep insisting I'm a stranger.
(hollers) Damn straight!
And in this dream, you killed that man.
He was bothering you so you iced him.
Well, I like it in the fucking booth.
So who gives a fuck!
Why is it so important that they kill me?
Especially if he's on the line with his fucking psychiatrist.
Shit.
'I'm mad as hell and I'm not taking it anymore.'
You can fuck human beings over only for so long before they come back at you.
We're doing this on fucking TV! (faint) Police.
Who's going to believe I've got a sniper with a telescopic sight holding me in a fucking phone booth at 45th and 8th?
(talking loud) Why me?
If you want me dead, then fucking murder me!
You'll have one hell of a nasty welt.
Shit.
Why do I waste my time telling you this stuff?
Fuck the community.
What the hell's a widget?
What an asshole!
What's wrong with her?
A person's got to hate themselves to act like that.
It was insane here, man.
Shocking.
They're so fascinated by their own crap.
Go to hell.
I can't spend another day not knowing if I'm nuts.
Slash what?
But really, when you're as fucked up as I was... big deal.
Holy shit! (announcer-like) "Get to know your therapist."
Gregory was acting more and more irrational.
rifle?
Where does he get off telling me I disrespect myself?
(a beat) Fuck him.
That can be a burden.
Sorry to have wasted your time with such... Stop it!
Mr. Follett -- What?! What the hell is so important I can't have five minutes --?
I told him abso-fuckin'- lutely no.
And the last thing was insane.
You're upset.
May I? All right... I'm going to come right out and say this, because that's what your shrink is for, right, so you can tell him what's bothering you?
I don't want you to be mad at Skip...
Yes, you do, you damn well do.
I'm sorry you're frustrated.
Are you disrespecting this court, Mr. White?
Fuck that guy!
The beast!
It dead!
Loser grab rock on ground, lift above head and smash it down... right onto motherfucker's head.
A little frustrated at the moment.
The more you hate me the more I fall in love with you.
We're both shitty, shitty losers.
I fucking hate white people.
I fucking hate people.
Oh, fuck me.
Fuck it, I'm an Eskimo.
Okay, I'm a pirate.
I'd bone bitches asses.
I'm an asshole.
Well, I hate assholes.
Wait, officer.
Fuck.
Damn it.
Fuck.
Shit!
A terrible place.
Crime.
Is cursing bad?
I say fuck the guy that lives in the sky!
That guy's a fucking asshole!
That motherfucker better hope I never see him face to face!
That guy's a fucking coward!
Hiding up there and doing bad shit to us!
You've got to be fucking... Rob Marlowe?!? He's a complete and total asshole.
I mean, for fuck's sake, a shark would be nice to you...
I don't want to move into your fucking mansion.
Ugh, this shit is so bad for you.
Because the world is too stupid to change.
What's wrong?
Stop pulling on my clothes!
These are your damn study group numbers!
Kickin' that same `ol quiet shit since 6th grade.
Shit.
I get more pussy than your daddy, nigga, what?! Oh shit!! Yeah, you got me with that one.
Quit playing.
Well, no we-- None of yo' damn business!!
I'll call you when-- Hey Bren' this is what I was telling you about!! Co-worker #3 shoves a tabloid in Mrs. Singletary's face, tapping an angry orange fingernail in the middle of the page.
What?! Alike cocks her head at Laura.
I'ma look stupid.
Turn that mess off!! Sharonda?! Sharonda are you ready?! Stop lollygagging!
What's wrong with this?
What's wrong with you?
Whatever, my mother asks me again, I'm telling her.
Damn.
Fuck y'all!
I should arrest your ass.
Man, fuck y'all!! Free, don't pay him no mind.
Damn, this is your color.
Shit! Alike starts packing her backpack.
None of that crap they play on the radio.
Moody?
Girl, my stupid ex- boyfriend gave me that.
What's wrong?
I took the test and-- Laura's mother slams the door.
The lock on the door snaps into place.
What's wrong?
Where in the hell have you been?!
I'm not your companion, I'm not your friend -- you made that abundantly clear--I'm your daughter and I have my own shit to deal with!! LEE--don't you dare--Alike--I am your Mother-- You must have lost your damn mind!
Audrey directs her rage at him, pummeling his face and chest.
Shit.
Fucking building.
Shit! Here.
I stopped by the house--I stopped by--- That's alright, man.
(beat) Okay.
Ridiculous.
Shit, Dione already put the down payment on a time share.
How `bout yourself?
Well get the heck outta there!Run like hell, Are you Tim? Tim Lippe?
Bill Krogstad said we were gonna be roommates?
Bill Krogstad told me specifically to stay the heck away from him.
You're screwing with me again.
God, I am evil.
What the heck is going on here?
You sound like my fuckin' wife, Timbo.
Fuck yeah! (calms himself, whispers) Fuck yeah.
Well hear this: After you left the bar, Mike Pyle comes up to me-- Pyle of shit, I call him-- and he asks do I want to sign this thing.
I think Mike Pyle of Shit started the thing as a way to drive down the price of your agency.
End of the day, you know I'm a big supporter of yours, Orin... Stab me in the fucking back why don't you, Wilkes... Why would I stab you in the back, Dean, when I'm telling you to your face that I think you'd be a lousy President?
You fellas really ought to check out Mike Pyle's Prop/Cas seminar... Pyle of shit.
Smug fuck.
You need to leave me alone.
Sheesh.
I have a fian... Oh jeez... Hell yeah.
What the heck's going on down there?! Suck my ass, Helgesson.
We're so dead!
Ah, fuck it.
Your cell phone kept ringing in your little fanny pack thing, so I shut it off.
It's so stupid-- but everyone basically treated us like the Brangelina of ASMI for a while there.
Hmm-hmm, pack your bags we'll leave tonight... Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 Oh shit.
You can't let some dude pay for crystal meth and an ass fuck with a traveler's check, Bree.
That shit can be traced.
And we didn't make love... Shut the fuck up.
Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 Oh fuck!
What the fuck happened?
Here, lie down, Lippe.
Crazy.
What's...? Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 Shit, where were they hidin' the meatloaf...? You're just gonna attract red squirrels with that junk, Tim.
Ach, I'm too old to give a shit.
What the hell are you doing to that baby?! Everything's so tiny, tiny.
She's still screaming?
Are you calling me a liar?
(crying) No...I'm stupid.
I said I hated my mother once.
Back and neck.
She -- She wasn't defensive, was she? Well -- That's ridiculous.
(she punches another line) No no no no no no no.
Where the hell are my keys?! Alright alright.
I hate this stupid coffee table - how many times have I asked you to get rid of this crappy coffee table?
Right or left which will it be you IDIOT!?
But then I'm lying.
Everybody's lying.
Where the hell is Danny?
Danny!? Danny!?!? Goddamn it, Danny!
I did great, didn't I? No, Lucy, you lied.
Objection.
Cross over once.
It makes you look stupid!
Aren't you being selfish?
Did they hit you?
Objection!
Objection.
I hate you I hate you I hate you!
Fuck you.
I had lost the ability to bullshit.
Whoever snagged him must be some classy babe -- Don't ever stop fucking me!
Oh come on -- This is fuckin Michael Jordan, man!
(dying) Okay.
I see the ball and a dude coming right at me, wanting to kill me, I tell my brain "get killed, catch the ball."
Shit, it's just so frustrating to not be able to talk to Avery -- Wait a minute, it has to be one of the NFL hotels we do business with -- let me look -- but in the meantime, about this job -- (importantly) Dorothy, let me tell you something, we are back.
(quickly) I'm so fuckin jazzed!
Hell, I'm already sick of me.
So I don't want to hear about ya shit, your "nya nya nya." (ruefully, to attendant) Another drink please.
(the hell that never ends) Oh my God.
(irritated) I got there from "coin," dude.
(loopy, punch-drunk, arms flailing) Hey.
Ray will never see his mother's raging physical needs.
Aw shit -- One-point-seven for three years.
(explodes) And say what?
Marcee -- What DO you stand for??? How about a little piece of integrity in this world that is so filled with greed and a lack of honorability that I don't know what to tell my kid except take a look at a guy who isn't shouting "show me the money," he's quietly broke and working for you for free!
You're gonna reject this shitty contract.
You're gonna play out your existihg shitty contract and go be a free agent next year and the hell with Arizona.
If you fuck this up, I'll kill you.
(proudly, to family) That's my motherfucker!
The quarterback sucks, man.
(irritated) Hey, that's my word, okay?
Damn right.
It's wide-angle lenses and who fucked you over and who owes you for it.
(angry) We still having dinner in L.A.? (anqry) Only 'cause my wife likes your wife! (continuing) "No heart."
You belong with -- Get the fuck away from my guy, Sugar.
They're letting him kill himself.
(immediately) Shut up!!! I'm not putting him down, I just have a commitment to the truth.
(to Tee Pee) You ain't talking now, are you??? You're a silent motherfucker!
Jeez.
What's so goddamn funny?
Screw her.
We argue before her.
Shut! Up! I'm gonna nail your ass.
What the hell is Botox?
Your husband, who on a prior occasion slapped you -- beat you -- (Reacts) Well, I wouldn't say -- Your husband, who has beaten you -- repeatedly -- He -- Please -- was at the time brandishing your firearm, trying in his rage to shoot an acquaintance -- friend of long standing -- They hate each other -- So he says now!
What a pleasure Marylin, what a pleas -- who the fuck are you?
He's a pervert.
I am worthless.
Forgive me but are you -- drunk?
(Scream) You get out of the car.
You have expressive eyes.
Extinguish?
For once I'm not the repository of rage at some other woman.
Soon, you'll have your own rage!
I don't have a pre-nup ...The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars... Don't give me that crap.
We make our goddamn bread and BUTTUH by the law!
That was -- oh, shit.
A whore who worships the dollar.
I was a lawyer.
Kill em.
I'll distract him.
Fraud?
Murder?
Murder!
Thought you cleared that shit out.
They're illegal, and you get to put em in fancy boxes -- but -- shit man!
I have my own plans, which don't involve becoming a rag that will one day be discarded.
(struggling to contain his anger) There have been improper intimacies, too?
62 62 Keep them shut...still shut.. 63 63 Now open!
But what is `treason'?
Are they as different in temper as they are in looks?
With a fiery temper.
HENRY is thrown.. What?
What insult?
Because as long as we remain unmarried, any child I gave you would forever be daubed `bastard' and I a `whore'.
QUEEN KATHERINE walks towards the screen, reaches it, then pushes it aside, intimidatingly flanked by her LAWYERS.. So..the Boleyn whores.
You failed to give England an heir.
And that upsets you so?
What upsets the King upsets me.
ENRY sits in silence, but can barely contain his rage.
Little nips and stabs.
A stab of compassion.
The KING and ANNE are having a furious row.
The room is thick with steam.
I can't do this shit.
Someone put your box of dresses under a pile of rags in the garbage.
I hate it.
(beat) Okay.
And if you get mad at me, I gotta give you flowers.
Shut up! QUINCY (cont'd) I don't wanna be your boyfriend, you ugly dog!
For what? Taunting.
Taunting?! Sub! Man, you suck!
Sit down and shut up.
MONICA (cont'd) Fuck you, Quincy.
Your hot-ass temper.
Would you watch the damn road?
I'm warning you, don't tempt me.
Oh...shit.
Coach hates me, doesn't she?
Basically broke down how I'm gonna make mad loot in the NBA, me being such a limited commodity and all.
You're such a punk.
You guys curse too much.
Since when is "ass" a curse?
Well, tell them to mind their damn business.
You got the balls to ask me that?
Man, how stupid am I. You're not stupid.
Y'all need to quit.
But that was a dumb-ass pass to Toni.
I ain't a damn liar.
So you fucked around to prove a point!
Well, if all you care about is basketball, why you fucking me?
Go fuck Dick Vitale.
I'm going through a lot of shit right now, more than you have time for.
Can you take that damn thing off the table.
Still a cocky bitch.
Swear to God, I had to tell her if she said, "What you talking bout, Willis?" one more time, I was gonna kick her ass.
Because I'd rather shoot a "dumb" jump shot?
(whispering) And she gets the steal.
you woke me up to tell me that?
These assholes are agency?
You got six tons of our shit -- Don't you die on me, fucker -- (from the side) What the hell's wrong?
What did you do with my shit?
You'll be fucked if some Yankee peckerwood's gonna start your gums flapping -- Nico watches Zagon move the knife blade closer to the prisoner.
We'll throw your feet in that box right over there.
(can't take much more) Fox -- Shut up, Nico.
You can disappear as easy as this slope, kid -- Are you crazy?!! (as Nico jerks free) What the fuck's the matter with you?!!! Nico!
Get the fuck outa here!
You're one crazy bastard, Toscani.
(beat) What the hell are you doing being a shitheel cop?
(to Nico) Why can't you sons-a-bitches ever treat someone with a little respect?
He's on the third floor.
(pissed off) -- I brought you in for your muscles, Nardo, not your mouth.
* We're crazy waiting for this bullshit 'shipment.'
Let me waste the other fucker now.
I don't give a shit how we do it.
OPENING ON SALVANO, in a chair, looking bruised and swollen, and wearing an expression of fuming indignation.
He's a fucking menace!
He's fuming.
Strozah sees Nico's bitter expression.
Nico stifles his outrage.
The other cops exchange glances -- upset and angry.
Stunned and furious at this royal fuck-up.
We hear SCREAMS from inside.
(shouting) Shut up!
If you're lying to me, I'll come and kill you right in your own fucking kitchen.
He slams the phone down.
Nico's car riddled with a furious FUSILLADE.
Over here, you sons-a-bitches!
Nico's rage is superhuman.
Ditch your I.D. on the floor.
You assholes are missing half the case!
Jackson enters, looking guilty as hell.
BULLETS RIP through the WALL, BLASTING WOOD and PLASTER everywhere.
Nico shoves Lukich toward the stairwell -- Go! Go! -- Simultaneously FIRING back through the kicked-in door, EMPTYING his GUN.
Wearing a cowboy hat: Zagon!
Nico dives for the gun -- * Zagon floors it into a SCORCHING 360, BLASTS up the exit ramp, out of Nico's line of fire -- leaps into the other, half-destroyed car.
Its two front tires are flat, windshield blown out, RADIATOR POURING STEAM.
Zagon sideswipes it into a wall, keeps going -- Rear TIRES CHURNING smoke, FRONT FLATS SCRAPING on their rims... he pours on the speed -- Zagon's car whips out into the night-time commotion.
As the CAMERA REVEALS this airtight dungeon -- -- this is bullshit, Zagon.
reacts instantly to the hypo -- cursing, sputtering under the choking noose.
You jerk.
He was furious at the British plan to return Hong Kong, and supposedly started his own negotiations with the Chinese Government.
Stop fidgeting, 007.
You're hurting me!
I've got half the British government breathing down my neck.
(anguished) No! He's crazy - he's insane.
He hates everybody.
(to Bond) And you?
A flash goes off) Am arresting you for the illegal possession of weapons grade enriched uranium.
Paris - Leave me alone!
Can't see a damn thing in this fog.
Damn.
Sir! (annoyed) What?!?!
Where the hell are those generators?
Where the hell is the Captain?!?! Slipping to stern!
Wade, what the hell are you doing here?
Yes - Guard! Arrest these men!
I've got half a mind to throw both of you in the brig.
Bond.
Let's get out of the noise.
Harmsway sank that ship and stole the gold.
Does he have a gun?
You shoot.
Let's go - Damn! What the hell does that do?
Down? (shoots, then) Up. ...
Shoot the damn thing - Here.
Shall we kill them?
It's Bond!!! What the hell is going on?
(on a phone) I don't know sir - What the hell is going on?
It's Bond! Kill him!
You want to kill me, Bond?
- What is it, Bond?
I hate this place.
W hat is this-- Miami Beach?
Shit!
He honks his horn as the traffic comes to a complete stop.
Are you nuts?
Groundhog Day! -27- What the hell?
I'll tell you after I wake up.
Okay, I'll bite.
Maybe a state official, blue coat, hat, gun, nightstick, badge, driving a late-model Ford br Chevy, black and white with bub ble lights on top-- No, no one like that-- I .don't--
What are you dying of?
What a waste of time.
With one nod from a filthy rodent best known to pest control agencies, a moribund old coal mining hamlet turns magically into the Lourdes of Pennsylvania, Mecca to thousands of people who, if they hated the winter so damned much, why don't they move to Florida, anyway?
(turning to Rita) The guy's nuts.
Worked in the coal mine til they shut it down.
Five, four-- This is nuts.
He's an asshole.
You hate fudge.
You can waste time, you can kill time, you can do time, but if you use it wisely, there's never enough of it.
He's nuts!
(taken aback) A liar?
No-- they arrest you and throw you in the slammer!
Damn!
We have in our possession an audiotape made by a licensed private investigator of an explicit act of sexual congress with a man who is not her husband.
(barely holding her temper), It must have been with someone very "special."
(stunned, angry) N o ?
No. Do you think I'm an idiot?
His big nose and stupid orange hair... That's why he should have worn make-up.
So you can lie?
My son hates me.
Am I ill?
I cut him off!
I cut off the Judge!
I ' m abusing myself!
I've slipped into the seventh circle of Hell, thank you, and you?
Call me, damn it!
That son of bitch pulled it off!
You only won because you're a liar, remember? .
Screw that!!
She lies and she wins ?! What are we, nuts?
T his woman --my client -- goes down with the frequency of a nuclear submarine and we just gave her thirty seven million dollars because she's a liar!
MEN'S ROOM!! Do you ever stop to ask yourself, why do people hate us?
I hate dad!
I hate him!
I hate ch ara des .
Are you upset?
I don't know what the hell that uniform is.
Damn..; What?
Baking away in a desert in the middle of nowhere facing three-hundred-thousand screaming Iraqis with nerve gas scud missiles, that doesn't bother you.
We ought to kick their asses anyway.
Even if they do get out of Kuwait we ought to kick their asses.
We ought to kick their asses.
I hate it when that happens.
Damn, man.
You're going to annoy the Iraqis into submission.
How long are they going to let the Air Force piss on those bastards?
What the hell is the army waiting for?
Satellites we've got can snap a shot of the boil on Saddam's ass.
Saddam's got a boil on his ass?
How the hell should I know how much?
Both of you shut the hell up! We've got to do something.
It'd make their heads explode.
LOOK AT IT! Shot to hell.
...You stupid son of a bitch.
Jaeger's an idiot.
He's not so-- He's an idiot, and he's not nearly as hard as he thinks.
Me and Wes each going take an end of the rope, run our asses of, and yank you off the mine.
If all we wanted was the map out of you we could have taken it while you were standing on that mine pissing on yourself.
It's a fire fight.
Why are Iraqis killing Iraqis?
They're doing more than slapping.
What the hell are we going to do?
Jaeger!? What the hell took so long.
Except when we're on the move and someone's carrying it, nobody so much as opens the pack to get an eyeful of it.
He's a soldier.
Shut up! Stop it!
I'm starting to think you're a real bitch, you know that?
Murderers.
Two thousand screaming Iraqis bearing down on us.
{Sneering) You know, Jaeger, you really are a bitch.
We'll lie.
I can't let you ruin everything.
Got to figure we're still kicking their asses in the war.
They killed Wes.
Damn it.
When the car stops I run over to the driver and put a gun to his head.
How the hell should I know?
He shuts the door again.
Marco emerges to take the handles of the roof-mounted machine gun -- drops his NVGs back over his eyes and FIRES at the dispersing enemy figures around the Bradley Marco's cover fire RATTLES insanely off the armor -- (screaming) (overlapping) Quarter million dollars of U.S. Army hardware rat-fucked by a coupla used Toyotas.
21 THE BRADLEY -- its rear door HEAVES OPEN and our guys spill 21 out, coughing, hacking, guns ready.
-- MILITARY HELICOPTERS materializing out of the smoke and darkness ... circling ... NO SOUND -- I couldn't hear anything, as I was temporarily deaf from the explosion of the Bradley ... -- SOLDIERS WITH GAS MASKS lean out of the open doors of the helicopters and drop GAS CANISTERS down on Marco's team.
Your hair is too flat.
-- you ruined everything.
Ellie shakes her head fondly, and begins to move away as TRACKING with Ellie and Gillespie and his two aides, and a posse of three other FORMIDABLE-LOOKING POLITICIANS through a hallway crowded with NETWORK CAMERA CREWS, STRAY DELEGATES, HIGH SCHOOL MARCHING BAND members and a complete DRILL TEAM in red-white-and-blue sequined leotards, as: Bluffing?
He deserves it.
Half a beat You're fucking with me, Major.
How's Public Affairs?
Marco starts to get up -- And stay the hell away from television.
You're not nuts, there's some crazy shit going down here."
(listens) Public affairs sucks, my friend.
The wolf is at the door ... the fox is in the henhouse ... the weasel is ... the weasel is ... They take his room keycard from him, open the door -- Anderson and another AGENT move through the suite, securing it -- Raymond losing steam: The weasel is a weasel.
Below the fold: ANGRY MOB KILLS MUSLIM STUDENT AT YALE.
Beat.
He's in politics now.
Beat.
Religion, advertising, television.
Politics.
Hell, look at the Germans under Hitler.
Marco PUNCHES the agent so hard it knocks him down to the floor between the other two.
-- He hit me!
Fuck! 8/18/03 74.
It's crazy.
A damn fine man.
I screwed up.
Screaming and shouting.
He gets in his car and slams the door.
They wanted me for all sorts of stuff- Insurance fraud, identity theft, passport fraud.
Otherwise you'll wake up one morning shitting blood and find out you've been eating ground glass in your cornbread for six weeks.
So, uh, do I need to suck your dick?
Damn, we're both in a mess aren't we? Don't seem fair, does it?
Well you said he bothered you.
Fuck you- my word's my bond motherfucker.
Fuck man- Johnny Mathis?
Fucking white- ass nigger... C'mon... What?
Okay watch... Yeah you fucking bitch...
Fuck you pig.
I got a dick that needs sucking.
Grab your shit!
Ah shit...
Steven- Don't worry Phillip- I'll- Shut up and move.
No. You're making me look like an idiot.
Oh he was such an asshole.
It's killing her she couldn't be here.
Hell of a hazard ain't it Steven?
She reaches for the door and-- SMASH!!
Steven is dragged kicking and SCREAMING to a squad car by a group of POLICEMEN.
Fuck... what is that?
Fuck!
He shit himself!
Shit!
Three manacled PRISONERS, one of them Steven, follow a CORRECTIONS OFFICER into the Processing Area at the Harris County Jail.
Phillip- Get the hell out of here!
Fuck off!
C'mon Phillip, just trust me- FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING LIAR! Do you realize how bad you've fucked me over!!
You fucking liar!
You fucking liar!
He slams the door shut again.
What the hell's going on?! Who the hell are you!? "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 98. Open the door Phillip.
I'm such an asshole.
My whole life was nothing but a bunch of lies.
Shut the fuck up, I'm trying to sleep.
Steven sits expressionless.
The door SLAMS and off he drives.
The door SLAMS SHUT behind him.
Ellen, I have no memory -- Oh, God! Jesus fucking Christ!
I'll tell you this much right now; I am never, ever doing another fucking low-budget movie.
Hell, I designed it.
Then we're going to shoot this fucking scene.
I'm fucking this up for you.
I'm the one who's fucking it up.
Where the fuck is Wolf?!!!
God damn it.
Yeah, but I'm not into that hostess twinkie shit, Nick.
That Hollywood shit.
Got to be aggressive.
Hell, I been ready.
And, action.
And, action.
Get the fucking light!
Where's my fucking eyepatch?! Hey, Chad.
And, action.
Well, fucking knock!! (muttering) I swear to Christ, one of these days I'm going to punch somebody in the balls!
I feel like shit.
Did I just offend him?
Was I freaking out?
Damn.
And, action.
And, action.
And, action.
I am so hungry.Cut!
Well sweetheart, that's going to be a real fucking problem.
It was unlocked!? No, it was locked.
I'm a little upset with you.
If I knew there was going to be a wedding I would have worn my fucking hat.
Nicole, that's ridiculous.
Shut up!! Thirty seconds of room tone.
Perma-shit-grin.
(to Bianca; upset) Who drove you home?
Janice Parker is an idiot (looking at chart) I don't understand, Patrick.
You weren't abused, you aren't stupid, and as far as I can tell, you're only slightly psychotic -- so why is it that you're such a fuck-up?
Not at all (continuing) You fucking bitch!
I'm on it Watching the bitch trash my car doesn't count as a date.
Whatever the hell it is you're standin' there waitin' to say.
He'll piss himself with joy.
Can you turn down the Screaming Menstrual Bitches?
I think you're a freak.
And I think you suck.
Meow (shouting) I need agua! (continuing to herself) Shit (shouting) What can I get you?
Hell, I've just been going over the whole thing in my head and - Hey. Dingo Boingo (continuing; to Michael) I hear you're helpin' Verona.
I know about the goddamn party.
Who knocked up your sister?
A fight!
The hell is that?
I want another one My man (annoyed) It's about time.
Who needs affection when I've got blind hatred?
I hate him.
(continuing) Shit! (continuing) Jingle Bells!
Wake up damn it!
No, you weren't Then why'd you ask? Why'd you lie? (continuing) I should do this.
Damn if Shakespeare don't act as a laxative on my person.
I have this friend She hates you with the fire of a thousand suns .
Another hundred for the tux -- Enough with the Barbie n' Ken shit.
Who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess?
You sound like Betty, all pissed off because Archie is taking Veronica.
(frowning) What are you doing here?
She's still pissed.
You shit!
It's a stupid tradition.
(continuing) Create a little drama?
No... do you listen to this crap?
And you don't know how to quit? (matter of fact) No Okay -- you're gonna need to learn how to lie.
I'm a possession!
For a month (confused) Why? (self-mocking) He was, like, a total babe But you hate Joey Now I do.
He got pissed.
And that's for the fourth grade, asshole.
So you're the real bitch Yes! Okay?
He's more than freaked.
And tense.
EMS TECHS enter shot, steal the frame, race toward the door... TRACKING SHOT at floor level, photos being taken.
It's not your fault the world sucks.
I promise you, nothing will ever make as much sense as it does right now... What is wrong with you? ...plus there's shit you don't need to know about.
Rap.
I did wrong too.
A goddamn shame.
* Dunnigan -- angry, at a loss -- doesn't reply.
It's fucked up.
Sit the fuck down!
This freaks me out.
* What's his deal, is he crazy?
(stops) Are we pissed off?
Get all the ADAs on it, tell 'em I better not see them sitting around on their asses or texting their pals... How about outside help?
We haven't seen you in so long it's ridiculous.
Fuck.
I suppose if I don't share, you'll beat the shit out of me.
Behind Davies, B.G., the body's being extracted from the hole: ...gently on three...one...two... (on cell) --we'll have to wait for the autopsy results, but-- WHAM -- the GRAVE ERUPTS as HALF A DOZEN BURIED CLAYMORE MINES * pop like firecrackers, knocking Davies forward... * ...and Clyde lunges, face no longer laughing, the rolling cart slamming into the wall as the lamb bones protruding from his fist go slamming into Dwight's throat... ...and the dust cloud cascades across the hillside... * ...and Clyde has Dwight pinned on the floor against the bars, arm ramming like a piston, punching those bones into Dwight's throat again and again, blood everywhere... TIGHT ON NICK holding the phone.
He killed his cellmate.
This place was re-opened under protest as it is.
Why'd you kill your cellmate?
(pissed, moving forward) Your booby-trap killed two of mine * and put four in the hospital.
And WHAM -- the cars EXPLODE in a stunning SERIES OF DETONATIONS, killing the ADAs, throwing bodies through the air, kicking cars off the ground and flipping a few skyward... Nick is knocked flat by heat and shrapnel ripping the air... Sarah goes flying.
He keeps clamping down, Sarah screaming and sobbing, as we FIREMEN spraying the flaming rubble of the cars... TANGLES OF WRECKAGE billowing smoke...
Fuck you.
Cantrell closes in, tracking Clyde by voice: Motherfucker!
Cantrell spits in his face, turns away trembling with rage.
Dunnigan, temper flaring, yanks his revolver and aims.
Be goddamn careful.
ANGLE COMES AROUND to reveal the house swarming with HIGH-TECH FBI FORENSIC TEAMS turning the house upside-down, tearing things apart, X-RAY SCANNING walls... Cantrell sits isolated, near tears of frustration, as the place is trashed around him.
To fuck with our heads?
Holy shit.
Laszlo, the cheatin' prick... Yer mama... Wanna sit in?
He flips up the sight, takes aim at the other hotel, fires... WHOOOSH -- the rocket streaks, leaving a contrail... FAST CUT: Judge Burch and those around her reacting as the glare of the rocket approaches in a heartbeat -- WHAM! OUR SECOND EXPLOSION of the night takes out the ballroom, killing dozens, blowing flame and debris across the room... Nick sees it: the contrail, the second blast, all of it.
It stops him dead in his tracks.
What the fuck hit us?
When I go in front of the cameras today -- unlike some people who seem unwilling to do so when asked -- I'm going to make goddamn sure the media doesn't hang this abject disaster around my neck.
Get the fuck out.
Where the hell is he going?
Off Dunnigan's look of "oh shit"... TIGHT ON A CARD SCANNER as a card is swiped.
Mayor's got a big fuckin' thing.
People are still arriving, red carpet shit, that's at least another half hour!
Clyde gets out, throws the tarp over it.
Dammit, Boy!
Did that chickenshit asshole Raphael send you here, boy?
You tell that asshole, if he got somethin' to tell me to get his ass here himself!
I may be a shut-in, but I do not lack for news.
You can't let those bastards keep you down!
That insolent son of a bitch!
(coldly) ... Business, bullshit!
Going out in the middle of the night to meet that bitch in a bar... Sally Hayes is not a bitch - she's a damn fine attorney!
I didn't know what the hell he was talking about...
Sid, it's useless!
Why would they destroy Gardiner's files?
Oh, no, sweetheart - it's not you... (another pause) It's your damn job.
T.J., we can't make him stop.
He stole our money.
It gets louder.
Ray chases after Ricky until he runs out of steam and stops, panting.
So you just took it...? Lila goes in the bubble camper and shuts the door behind her.
(knocks with the gun) You can cut the bullshit and give me my keys now.
The shock of the blast throws Lila off the cot.
This is New York State so quit the bullshit and give me my damn keys!
Lila throws the keys out the door.
Lila shuts the door with her foot.
(over her shoulder) Then you should quit stealing cars.
Ray stops.
(under her breath) Shit! Ray RIFLES through the trunk for more rope.
That's a crime.
Fuck you.
Ray and Lila bounce through the woods with Lila holding the gun, this time.
Ray pulls into a 1950s strip motel.
Ray stops.
Lila hits Ray in the head with the gun.
(gasps) Fuckin' bitch!
(calls after her) Little bitch!
Ray shakes the door handle.
(after a moment) She stole him from me.
Ray flinches but keeps hold of the gun.
Ray takes the money.
Ray takes the money and consolidates it into one paper bag.
The door SHUTS behind him.
Ray stops the car.
Shit! Lila looks back.
Oh shit.
He's got no reason to stop us, unless you give him one, so keep your mouth shut.
Ray pulls into the breakdown lane and the trooper pulls in behind her.
He puts on his hat and walks toward the car.
I quit smuggling.
He didn't mean to, but the pipes froze and he got that damn torch out -- which I told him not to do touch when I wasn't there -- and he tried to thaw them out- I got glasses and now I can see up close.
(annoyed by Ray) ...because you're not making a problem for me.
He motions the girls into the trunk and shuts it after them.
He shot me.
You should'a just taken the money from me? (blood streams down her face) I'm tired of people stealing from me.
What the hell?
Shit!
Expel me?
She's gonna kill me for taking this out of her car.
What's wrong?
-What did you do? -A smuggler!? Holy shit! -Are you in jail?
It's in the shed, but that's so stupid!. (holding phone) -Yeah, I'm here.
-- Omar Abdel Rahman... asshole.
Oh, shit, I've been trying to liaise with you all day.
Where the hell's the negotiator?
Kill 'em now.
Shut the fuck up and go give somebody a parking ticket.
Are you crazy --?
I think about fucking you and hurting you.
-- You want to fuck me?
You gonna open the door, or what --? Jesus, didn't ya hear crime's down seven-percent... (English and Arabic) FBI --! Lie down on the floor with your hands behind your back --! Drop your weapon!
We got semtex, we got detcord, same stuff as the bus, the whole enchilada... Anybody like anchovies --? Goddamn it.
GODDAMN IT.
-- fucking bastards waited 'til intermission.
But how? Find out who it is and bomb the shit out of them.
He only has to be wrong once.
They love this country and they hate that these criminals are giving them a bad name.
How the fuck can you be so sure?
I'm trying but the angle's wrong... What the fuck is the NYPD doing here?!
Get that bird the fuck out of there!
Darn.
Damn.
You CAN'T -- ...the first FUCKING AMENDMENT!
My kid's here someplace -- Frank, slow down -- (fighting back tears of rage) He's only thirteen, for Chrissake -- I'll get him out.
And you're just stupid enough to think that's an insult.
Fuck with me and you'll be learning a hundred and fifty new words for snow.
Kidnaping him.
They were being slaughtered.
Subversion.
This afternoon, join community and religious leaders in a march to protest the mass arrests (handing out leaflets) March on city hall.
Those poor people out there in the street, they're fucking marching for your cause... Yes.
William Devereaux, you are under arrest for the torture and murder of Tariq Husseini under color of authority, United States Code Title 42, Chapter 21, Subchapter 1, Sections (takes out his gun) Surrender your weapon.
Hell man, that is not beer, put it back!
I insult the General and I do not get to use my favor at all.
Paul, how the hell are ya'?
(interrupts) This is them.
Will the UN intervene to stop the bloodshed.? Unfortunately we're here as peace-keepers not peace makers, we can't take an aggressive role.
Holy shit!
Holy shit.
You fucking see that! (shock) Oh my God! It's Gloria.
A massacre!
Fuck you.
It had been robbed.
You'd own this fucking hotel, except for one thing.
You're fucking black!
What's wrong?
We have been abandoned.
How do you keep command of your men amidst such madness?
You will get me killed.
A Volkswagen! he slaps him playfully.
They are in disarray now.
The old lady's house has been destroyed.
(punching into the conference call) There's no way my client will go along with that.
This is a disaster!
Jesus Christ, what happened to you?
It's a fucking kick in the head.
(still staring) What the hell's wrong with him?
We were wrong.'
Nail him!
Andy sucks cocks, Bob.
He's a pervert.
I must ask you to shut the fuck up.
You didn't know he was sick, did you, Bob? Holy Shit.
Charles Fucking Wyant Wheeler?! Morning, Filko.
(he keeps it pointed at her) Andrew, stop! ...
I mean, what are those bastards going to say? You're gay? Shit, I knew that when you were five years old.
You will hear two explanations for why he was fired.
Objection.
Don't you know this is exactly the kind of bullshit that makes people hate you guys?
Fuck you!
You want to try? (walking away) Asshole.
You're the asshole, buddy.
Objection!
Shit.
We have to go the goddamn hospital, so they can change the goddamn catheter.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
That shit's saving your life, you asshole!
What's wrong with you?
The least you can do is look at me, while I'm sticking this shit into your arm.
Forget the fucking case, one hour a day, and give me a little of your time.
I hate this shit.
Did I ever tell you, I hate costume parties?
(patting his briefcase) We need to go over your Q and A. Excuse me, I'm having a goddamn party, is that allright with you?
Fucking guy... Place your left hand on the Bible and raise your right hand.
A bitch who knows everything.
Andy didn't lose the complaint in his computer.
He lied about that, too.
No, wait.. Wha... what the hell is happening?!
They aren't giving you shit yet?
Screw it then.
Hell yeah.
You still there...? Damn.
Damn skippy.
They're going to kill me!! Oh, it's like that, huh?
Well, I'd be damn impressed, considering she's dead.
Goddamn it, how difficult is it to hand this phone off to the police?! I'll pay you!
In EXTREME SLOW-MOTION, chaos unfolds around us like a nightmare -- OFFICERS manhandle a drunk toward the back, a HOOKER screams at us with unholy rage, in the far corner, a JUNKIE spits on an OFFICER'S FACE and there's a lethal race for disinfectant through invisible soup.
Sucks for the fellas at the Two- Three right now, huh?
Public hates us enough without this shit.
You can't be eating this crap.
You're stressing the crap out of me! (looking around) Where the hell is a cop hiding in a speed trap when you need one?
Oh...SHIT!! Ryan SLAMS on the brakes and SWERVES to avoid hitting a group of workers -- and OBLITERATES THE BRONCO'S PASSENGER SIDE MIRROR against another BARRIER -- Ryan cringes with every muscle!
As the heavily-muscled workers start running to beat the shit out of him, Ryan floors the gas, sending a shower of wet asphalt all over the cursing workers as he peels away, CRASHING through a FINAL BARRIER.
Damn!
Seizing the moment, Ryan SLAM-SH IFTS the rent-a -cop car's uni-cylinder engine into gear and starts to tear around the bus -- but has to SWERVE BACK as a SPEEDING TRASH TRUCK rounds a bend and almost creams him!
Goddamn it!
As the bus pulls aside, Ryan floors the wanna-be cop car around it...but directly in front of him is a HOMELESS MAN, dressed like a sheik, dragging his caravan of TWO COVERED Ryan SLAMS on the brakes, SWERVES HARD to avoid a collision -- and loses cont rol of the car!
The rent-a-cop car goes POWER SLIDING across oncoming traffic, HORNS BLARING AT HIM and heads straight for a the FLOOR TO CEILING WINDOW of a CAR SMASH!!!
The rent-a-cop car exits the dealership, SMASHING through another GLASS WINDOW!
Where the hell did they go?
Mooney changes out of his blues, his ears glued to THREE COPS in the corner, boasting about an arrest.
-- so of course everyone's playing dumb to what kind of drugs he's on.
Well what the hell do you expect me to do?!
Oh shit!
I swear-- Shut up!!! Which field?!
She's lying.
(to himself) Goddamn it, listen to her!
Cocks an ear.
(to Jessica) Shut up.
You threaten to kill my child and you expect me to act like a MUTE?!
Oh shit!
You hear me?! Whatever happens -- Look woman, tell your kidnapping story to someone who gives a shit.
Ryan can't hear Jessica's side of the conversation; only the British Asshole's, which comes in loud and clear.
Inside is an appropriately asshole-ish looking guy.
Don't bullshit me; I work in the Industry that invented it you stupid COW! Ryan sees Simon Cowell MOUTH THE WORDS "STUPID COW" in synch with the conversation.
Ryan floors the Rent-a-cop car ahead of the Cadillac and PULLS A 90 DEGREE turn at an intersection; cutting Cowell off! SCREEEECH!
Ain't that a bitch!
I'm here... Oh shit!
As he grabs it and races after Greer into the airport, a Traffic Cop comes up to the car.
Anger.
Shit! Greer seizes Craig by the arm.
Goddamn it, what the hell are you people going to-- Craig?
Jessica struggles and, with an annoyed shove, Greer sends her spilling into Craig.
I'll tell you what, you tell me where it is-- (turns his gun on Jessica) --and I won't blow her brains all over you right now.
With the Guards and Greer only a floor behind, Ryan thinks fast and CHUCKS HIS BIKE HELMET down the corridor, ELBOWS the In-Case-Of-Emergency Glass, setting off the FIRE ALARM -- and starts running UP.
Shit.' THE ALARM BELLS SCREAM.
He slips out and silently closes the door behind him just as-- GREER and HODGES reach the floor beneath.
See the door swinging shut -- but neither fall for the bait.
Dammit!
Greer cocks his head in the sudden eerie silence.
Shaking like a bear pissing pineapples, Deason rages away toward the attic... Jessica is curling herself into a tiny sobbing ball on the floor when -- WHAMM! -- the attic door crashes open.
ANGLE ONE: At the SIDE DOOR, ELLIS and HODGES start kicking in the door with full force.
I'm so screwed.
Shut up and listen to me, asswipe.
No. (throws his photos) I don't know what the hell he looks like!
He's the one on the cellphone, you idiot 1 Everyone in the crowd is on a cellphone.
Now PAN AROUND TO REVEAL Ryan among the crowd, wearing a SURFING WINDBREAKER; HOODED with WATERPROOF POCKETS -- but where's his cellphone?
Know how many hours I waited for you to bring back those stupid shirts?! What'd you do?
Let go of me! Sonofabitch, let go! GREER's pissed.
In the heat of battle, Ryan's cellphone clatters by Chloe' s feet.
Aw shit... Ryan's world is spinning -- the NOISE, the CROWDS, the He KICKS BACK hard into Tomlin's SHIN.
Break it down!
Who, I? What a silly jest's that!
(warning) Henry...
20 I would have you deny him.
I believe he is still in the viewing chamber with her majesty... (sharp, annoyed) Alone?
...And dancing asses?
And with that he slams the door shut.
The battle rages on stage.
A door SLAMS open, and Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford dash in, ripping each others clothes off in the fireplace-lit room.
Leave at once! Bess-- How dare you!
66 O Mistress mine, where are you roaming?
Jonson looks annoyed at the interruption.
How dare you insult my master in-- Wait! (beat) How much?
The doors SLAM in front of him as we-- The insolence!
He's gone mad... mad! No. Unfortunately for us, your majesty, he is quite sane.
And the mob?
Inductions dangerous, by drunken prophecies, libels and dreams, to set my brother Clarence and the king in deadly hate the one against the other.
But only after my death!
Fraud.
Two floors up.
Give me the goddamn hose!
Shit.
Shit.
Get those goddamn people outta here!
That's the son of a bitch I bumped into.
Listen to that fucking guy.
Don't worry, Mr. Pitt, we're gonna get the son-of-a-bitch.
Fucking doorknob they put in temporary command... Morgan, the guy from 23, right?
He smashes it into the base of Gordy's head, knocking Gordy out.
Find your fucking leak?
And we don't need the whole world looking into what we're doing down here... We find the son-of-a-bitch again, we're bypassing protocols... Updegraf has had papers handed to him and interrupts -- Check this out.
They don't care, and they kill.
Armstrong carefully returns the card to the hat.
Slams it again.
Beat.
Beat.
Aw, hell...
They hate Americans.
Beat.
Beat.
You're going the wrong goddamn way!
And pissed by Gordy's lack of progress.
Gordy wipes his hands on a rag, throws it on the grenade.
... Shit.
To hell with Berta.
Go ahead and shoot me, and you fix the goddamn generator.
STOP FIRING.
Beat.
He was burned in your explosion.
Come and kill me.
A vicious front kick folds him, and a fist drives him to the floor.
Gordy explodes off the ground.
The suddenness and fury of the rush catch The Wolf off guard.
Beat.
If you don't stop it, you're as much to blame as he is.
Beat.
She moves to the door and knocks.
THROTTLES UP and SCREAMS away.
Selena and Gordy barely have time to duck as ROCKETS EXPLODE into ground targets, and front and door MINI-GUNS SPIT BULLET-STREAMS that RIP THROUGH people and STRUCTURES.
They stop at the door to a large conference room.
Phipps stops him.
Selena SHOOTS the two escort people dead, then BLASTS away at the other people pouring out of the institute as she straddles the Ducati behind Claudio, and the powerful BIKE SCREAMS off down the street.
Selena's relentless, kicks Gordy repeatedly as... gets the pistol.
The fire escape ends at a top floor window.
Leas'ways, never has... (after a second's pause) Don't ever git wore out, and useless, like me.
What's wrong?
(gruffly) We stop here.
You're not a complete fool, are you?
(to Clara, furiously) The rudeness of people in these parts is appalling!
(screaming) You -- mister -- get away from that table.
You lied to me, didn't you?
(murmuring) What, again?
I hate him.
(breathlessly) He quit?
I heartily dislike and distrust Judge Garvey -- (interrupting) Huh -- Smart girl -- (going on) But my Aunt seems to have suddenly revised her opinion of him, and now wants me to place all my affairs in the Judge's hands and return east.
(avoiding Harolday's eye) No. Course I didn't (suddenly raging at Rocklin) Quit riding me!
Aw, take him away -- Liar -- Lock him up, Sheriff -- The yellow-bellied -- Etc. (softly) Why did you do it?
(harshly) He's lying.
After that storm?
If you'll just take this -- you'll go to sleep -- Evenin' ma'am -- hate to bother you like this, but -- (seeing Garvey, interrupts) I'm so glad you've come, Mr. Garvey, the most awful -- (as though seeing the crowd for the first time) -- Why -- what are all these people doing here?
(to Juan) Didn't you? (to Harolday) Why did you kill Caldwell?
Why did he kill Clint?
We planned on getting the women to let me handle their business -- (interrupting, furious) -- And do us out of everything -- (moves close to Garvey) You vile -- wicked -- despicable -- When he wakes up -- we'll have him put everything on paper.
It is action.
Get out now! Miss Carlson... I... No!!! Shit!! Shit!! Shit!! Shit!! Good God! Everybody stay calm... Lock the front door.
...But I'm stuck and it's only a dance and he IS the seventh Duke of Albany... Carlson...! (racing from the room) Give me a minute... Shit! Who's upset?
(shouting) Charlie! (screaming just as loud) What? (still shouting) Come here I wanna talk to you.
How was your trip?
You stupid fucking son of a bitch.
Fucking moron.
This is ridiculous.
What the hell is that?
It's revolting.
Most beautiful when she's angry.
Cad.
You disappointed?
(laughing along for the hell of it) No. What else did Jeannie say about me?
Door's right behind you... Joppy tells me you're a war hero... Said you went in with Patton.
And keep it, you know, confidential... Joppy tells me you used to frequent an illegal club down on Eighty- ninth and Central.
He used to play till the cock crowed.
Damn...
(looks up) Aw shit.
Drive to the trainyard, Easy! Let's dump this damn thing.
Then prove it... Show him... Get down on your knees and suck his peter.
I went home with a hangover... Get up slow... Real fuckin' slow or you know what's gonna happen.
Bullshit, I'm gonna blow his-- Let's go! Hey, Buddy!... It's a long walk... why don't you let us give you a ride?
The evening's events have caught my adopted son and I quite off guard... My household was asleep when we got the call that the police had a suspect in Coretta James' murder... Did you know that she was a friend of mine, Mr. Rawlins!?
Look, it's late-- Mr. Rawlins, Coretta has been killed...
You can stop pretending, Mr. Rawlins.
(continuing) You really hate me, don't you?
Around the next bend... (she grins) You remind me of Frank when he gets angry.
Damn...
Dammit!
People are gettin' killed all around me...
What the hell you mean, coming up here all mad like you gonna do something?!... (yelling) You damn right!
And he pulls a baseball bat from behind the bar, but Easy has pulled his hammer and SMACKS it down hard, cracking the beveled wood that frames the marble.
What you got me into, Joppy?! Joppy inhales, forcing himself to be calm.
Damn, Joppy.
You stupid-- Let him go!
Let him be! 81 Mouse gets to his feet and runs to the door aiming the 81 Damn you, Easy.
(angrily) This is the same shit you pulled five years ago when you asked me to drive you out to your stepfather's house, then come to find out you killed him and your stepbrother.
I swear, I ain't gonna do nothin' you don't tell me to do.
Any of this making you feel talkative at all, 'cause I'll bet ya six bits to a bottle of piss that we're looking at a double here... All we need is to place you in the dead man's house.
(shrugging) Hell yeah.
You the only one I know cheap enough to smoke this shit... Why'd you kill Richard McGee? Huh?
Quit lyin', you big ole sweaty- thick headed-cornbread eatin'-- You thick-headed, ya damn self!! Sit down, man... 'fore I blow your brains out.
You killed him to take his money, didn't ya?
And I told him I seen her with Coretta... What the hell I care if he know?
I'll kill the motherfucker.
I kill a motherfucker.
Easy takes the gun and puts it on the table with the other.
Shit! Damn!
Who killed Coretta?
SMACK!
He hangs up.
He's gonna kill her.
Son-of-a-bitch!
Aw shit!
The engine roars from a punch to the accelerator, and Mouse's voice can be heard cutting through the darkness as the car powers off down the street.
Shut off the headlights, Mouse.
Mouse pulls to a stop and kills the engine.
Who said she told me? SCREAM!
SMACK!
And Daphne screams again.
I was lying!! Okay.
Makes 'em feel like shit.
But he said you accused him of the murder.
You son-of-a-bitch...
I've boosted cars, stole radios, run a few scams.
You don't want to piss him off because he'll kill you for the fun of it.
What you want to do is keep your mouth shut and do what we tell you.
It's in your nature to steal.
Don't you brother me, motherfucker.
He said to go fuck yourself.
We are tired and bored with your bullshit.
So, put that stupid little knife away before Zero shoves it up your ass.
Raymond, you'll steal one.
But the music is very-- Fuck off! Listen asshole, I told you -- (impressed) What'd you say to them? (dryly) Nothing.
What the fuck does that mean?
Should I call C.P.D.? Yeah, but tell them not to move until these morons come out of the house.
I don't give a shit about your cousin's car.
So, shut your mouth!
Boy, you must be pissed.
Well, you know, when five guys break into my house in the middle of the night, stick guns in my face, tie me up and steal from me... it does irritate me.
Oh, man... this is bullshit!
Holy shit.
What does arresting us get them?
He is fuckin' dead!
You want Zero to kill him?
This is turning to shit.
I think he'd cut his dick off if Bastaldi told him to.
Fuck you!
Are you fuckin' threatening me, Marcel?
Now as far as I'm concerned you two girls can bitch slap yourselves silly when this is over, but right now we've got to figure out what's going on.
Oh, shit!
This is really fuckin' bad.
I haven't left out anyone, have I? (pretends to think about it) I don't think so, because we've already pissed off everyone in the fuckin' city!
You're projecting your anger onto us.
I'm not a good liar.
How the hell do you think I'm doin'?
What are you nuts?
You set me up, you piece of shit!
You killed her! No.
So, this is a homicide.
He's been shot.
Try to get this through that fat, stupid fuckin' head of yours.
I've got to tell you, Mr. Bonanno, This guy's an idiot.
What the fuck was all that about at the hotel last night?
I call it, "I am a scum-sucking FBI agent".
I'm going to retire with a shit-load of money.
Are you nuts? (listens) Okay.
I promised Bonanno I'd destroy the tapes.
You're not entitled to the fuckin' baseball!
Be angry... but I'm the one who took the ball and that makes it mine.
He's dead.
But he's dead.
I think the radiator hose is-- Damn.
It's busted.
It's busted.
I thought you... Who the hell is this!?
BOBBY (shocked whisper) Husband ...? Now who the hell are you, and it better be good, or God help me I'll break you in half.
Damn it, Grace!
BOBBY (to Grace) You bitch!
You sucker me up here so you can watch the two of us beat the shit out of each other over you?
I deserve it for being an idiot.
I'm gonna tear you a new asshole!
Goddamn it!
Fuckin' shithole!
What the fuck do you want?
He doesn't want to give me the bag... He's fucking with you man.
Bugger!
(TRANSLATION: Sons of bitches.
Go eat your own shit in hell).
Hey, your ... what the hell happened to you? Nothing.
What the hell happened to my car?
To replace a goddamn radiator hose!?
A goddamn radiator hose in a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang.
You're the one thinks that car's so damn fancy.
You going to tell me no one else in this shit hole drives a Ford?
I don't have a goddamn credit card.
I sure hope you know how to wash dishes or shovel shit 'cause you're gonna have to work this one off.
DARRELL (studying it) Who the hell to?
You son of a bitch!
I'll have my lawyers shut you down.
Fuck the sign.
Holy shit!
Sure, when the sons of bitches tried to steal her wedding ring.
It's the desert.
Son of a bitch!
(Her normal abrasive voice) It'd serve you right, you asshole.
Joe, run get a mop and clean this fuckin' mess up.
I need you to wire me the money...Because they're fucking going to !
Cici...Cici... Bitch.
Fucking deadbeat.
Lose this fuckin' number.
Mike...Mike...you asshole.
The slimy bastard who's going to do it for you... (pause) You're a jealous man Jake.
I hate having to tolerate the little "games" she plays.
Like fucking half of the town behind my back and laughing at me.
How the hell should I know?
Yeah, well I said I was an idiot.
Doesn't the isolation bother you?
And what a white man'll do when it's freezing one moment, hot as hell the next.
We boil when it's hot.
'Cept when we boil the water's got no place to go.
Cocksucker motherfucker!
Motherfucker.
The goddamn sign on the wall.
Who they gonna blame then?
You're nothing but an ignorant, inbred, tumbleweed hick.
Is that an insult?
Are you insulting me.
Listen you stupid fuck, I want my car.
Mister, you already pissed me off but good.
BOBBY (about to lose it) Goddamn you!
You son of a bitch!
What the fuck did you do to my trunk?
BOBBY (snaps) You motherfucker!
What the hell you looking at, girl?
What the hell you doin', Grace?
Ya little bitch, you like it don't you!
Gotta go fuck around on me, like your Mama, but you always gotta come home to Daddy, don't you, cause you know Daddy's the best.
Fuck it away.
Yeah, I heard a key slapping against my ass.
What the hell's the matter with you?
What the hell?
The shit I've taken.
Fuck this!...Just shut up, Grace.
Now all we got to do is try and -- Shit! Grace!
Throw the keys up to me.
The bells of hell go ting-a-ling For you but not for me.
Can you get the door?
What was wrong?
But expressively broken.
Hatred was the only thing that kept my soul alive in that soul-killing place.
Who put me in that hell to begin with.
How about it, Harry?
Can I watch my damn movie?
Why is everybody giving me crap tonight?
Fuck you.
We are watching my fucking movie.
So you don't want to fuck.
Damn straight.
Shit on by women!
Shit on by the Marines.
Shit on by the world!
Fuck! Fuuuck!
I thought we were mad scientists, not hairdressers.
Action.
An old, useless friend.
You're talking through your hat now.
You were a soldier?
You're wearing one of Cecil's hats, you know.
Oh fuck.
If we soil her holy floor, it's her own damn fault.
Get the fuck off!
Get it through your fucking head.
I haven't done a damn thing with you!
What the hell do you want from me?!
(sits up) Oh, selfish, selfish fool.
Incredulous.
...lie down for a while...
(sudden fury) That's not my name!
Carrie, hatred showing.
An impasse.
A kick.
And the Lord visited Eve with a curse, and the curse was the Curse of Blood!
And the Lord visited Eve with a Curse, and the Curse was the Curse of Blood.
What the hell's the matter with you?
(yes, stupid) Are you?
What the hell do you want me to do?
Fucking me, fucking me... Cut it out!
Furious, defiant.
The hall is empty and still; HOLD, then: As the girls change silently into their green gym outfits quiet, subdued, most of them resigned to their punishment.
Chris, however, is about to blow up; she tosses her skirt into her locker and slams the door shut.
That goddamn snerd Let it go, Chris.
You'll get canned for this, you bitch!
The door slams shut, leaving the girls and Collins frozen by Chris's outburst.
Grab.
Grab.
He grabs her.
...How you... gonna... explain that... Dumb shit!
He slaps her.
(continuing) Hell is this?
(continuing) Billy, I hate Carrie White.
(continuing) Tommy, when you come to the prom with Carrie White, don't you think you'll look a little ridiculous?
Susie, she hates your guts.
Hell of a risk for a joke.
Shut up, Henry.
The group passes a "No Trespassing" sign, prompting: (continuing) The bastard is going to shit where he stands when he comes back and gets a look.
Asshole.
Shut up and do it already.
Hate.
Satan...
Don't let it bother you.
In the person of FREDDY DE LOIS, who's guzzling the punch.
the showman now, P.T. Barnum in all of his expansiveness.
And in SWISH PANS: slam shut.
Utter pandemonium as students rush toward the doors.
Watching all this a giggle (or is it a sob?) emerging from deep within her.
Morton has grabbed a chair and is trying to smash it through another of the windows.
As Carrie exits, the doors swinging shut.
Billy!!! Shut up!
Her screams turn into howling.
Still screaming.
Then the crazy motherfucker cut me!
Rude man.
That shit burnt!
With the emphasis on the `pissed'.
Stop the car!
1047 feet madam, not allowing for pigeon shit.
A circle? See? Morons.
(heading to the door) That I won't follow in his footsteps and marry a woman I hate?
You will stop this talk and marry - my - fucking... Oh bollocks.
You're fucking loaded.
I hate that.
I can't believe these mofos who gotta keep up with the latest bullshit.
No it is not ace, you crazy English bastard!
You on the same shit as me, yeah?
Oh, it was dumb.
Hell, who wants to come home with me and butt in with questions while I'm watching Letterman?
Why is it so hot?
Shit.
Nuts.
(hammering the machine) Why the fuck has the stupid thing not gone off?
`I leave my life savings to the Tulare Bear Sanctuary, Tulare County, California.' That'll explain the strong smell of bear shit.
Susan, you're upset, you hate me.
(he listens to protest from Sidney) What is this, Sidney, a kissing game?
You're a liar - that's a publicity man's nature.
(new protests on the other end of the line) Oh, stop it, Sidney.
(quietly) Looka, Sidney, you're my own sister's son, but where does that give you the right to call me a liar?
(rapidly) He was furious and, by the time I could have put on a Tropical Island mood, I was out on the street!... (dolefully) That night Mr. Van Cleve calls me into his office here.
Your brother has told PRESIDENTS where to go and what to do!
It's part of his "helpless" act - he throws himself on your mercy.
I hate J.J. -- but not that much at this moment... Give me a chance -- Don't you know who that man is? (bitingly) Yeah.
(explosively) So take five minutes!
No, make that 'screaming'.
I tell the Judge I didn't murder the man - the Judge says, "Why not you?"
(explosively) Dallas, ask your own manager - he's standing here like a pained wolfhound - Hunsecker and Elwell are enemies to the knife.
(expostulating) Well, I'll tell you what - excuse me for breathing, will ya?
(then) You'll be the death of me.
(involuntarily) Sidney is a liar!
I hate it!
Anything he does is okay with me... Hey!.......... (continuing) Mr. Falco...I hate to give you this satisfaction - they broke it off tonight for good.
What - Don't bother to lie, Sidney.
What're you blaming me for?
...but you did it for greed, Sidney - and that's pathetic.
(angry) He's made all the papers tonight.
But you're a woman now and I suspect, despite my best intentions, more than a bit of a slut... (quickly) J.J., if you think - (cutting in) Don't explain, Sidney...
You're incompetent - a capricious and shaky frail with a sick fatality for frail and useless men! (to himself) Another crisis past.
(in blind rage) (impulsively) Susie, YOU get out of this house!
(quietly) Yes, he's sick and you're the only idiot alive who didn't know it.
(continuing) ...He's been trying to make my sister behind my back.
Jamie, hat?
Oh! Did you throw that?
Guardians Screening Script 9/6/12 Avid 62. Left central incisor, knocked out in a freak sledding accident.
You made it my fight when you stole those teeth.
It was stupid of me to mess with your dreams.
Now for the last time, leave me alone.
You want to be left alone?
Dead end.
A copper brought her in She didn't need no bail She shook it for the judge He threw the cop in jail No matter how she done it No matter how she done it No matter how she done it She done it just the same You take it for a while.
(bitter) Aint no sin happenin here tonight, baby, and there sure as hell aint no wages.
Damn.
Slick waits for her with the door open- That is a terrible noise.
Had to do with somebody get on my nerves and I had to deal with him.
But if you meet the man, you damn well don't be askin him about it.
A CRACKLE and a curse from the side of the roadhouse- Damn! Ty looks up- What's the matter?
How bout you?
I hate that damn song.
Boys get in the middle of this Korea mess they aint gonna thank you for your efforts.
Take your hat off.
Sonny takes his hat off.
That was thoughtless of me.
Possum stops playing and cocks his head to listen- The WHISTLE again as the TRAIN APPROACHES.
(shrugs) Hell, I don't know.
Old Man Toussaint finds out you stole his liquor, you like to lose more than that- I got no more cards to play- Maybe if you was to go down, see Lucky Hardaway in person- (angry) I aint kissin up to no cokey-nose, conk-headed- What the hell that sposed to be?
They gone and arrest him!
Arrested who? Sonny.
The high Sheriff arrested him and sold him over to Judge Gatlin.
Sonny that got a screw loose is why they arrested him.
Judge Gatlin bought himself a droolin idiot.
What you want to amplify a damn guitar for anyway?
Guitar hasn't been up front since them old piss and moan blues shouters, sit their blind asses on the corner hollerin for pennies- Old time music- Daddy, Sonny didn't do nothin to be arrested for!
Stole the whole damn register off the counter- They didn't hold it against Reggie Porter, did they?
Hell, I do that with my eyes closed.
Junebug knows it's useless to complain- Yes suh.
Don't let me stop you.
Maceo loads bottles of beer into the ICEBOX, wincing as the sounds of a SCREAMING ARGUMENT blast in from the bar- How could you do that?
We HOLD on the doorway as OLD MAN TOUSSAINT comes out to look, puzzled and angry- Time and Metalmouth SING into the same microphone as Sonny plays his way back up to the stage- Have you heard the news?
You is a lie!
You is a lie, boy!
We PUNCH IN tighter and tighter on the young men, body language telling us a fight is about to break out- Ty desperately pushes his way across the crowded floor to reach them and the FLASHBACKS come again, the SAX MUSIC growing echoey and menacing- The shaky perspective and over-saturated colors again, tight on the men struggling, the Girl cowering, then Young Tyrone twisting the Guitar Man's wrist and thrusting, again and again, hugging close to him, then pulled away and the- -KNIFE falls to the floor, BLOODY, and the- -Guitar Man falls to his hands and knees, his stomach a bloody mess, crawling on all fours and HOWLING and Young Tyrone watching in horror as he is held back by many arms and the Girl SCREAMING- -which becomes Time BLOWING HIS SAX into the microphone- -and Dex reaches for his pistol- -and Ham reaches for his knife, but- -a huge, strong hand clamps down on Dex's wrist- -and another huge hand grabs Ham's wrist!
How did I get into this mess?
Why I should stick my neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity!
Well, he'd better have those units in the south range repaired be midday or there'll be hell to pay! (yelling) How's that.
What's wrong with him now?
The Jundland wastes are not to be traveled lightly.
A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi Knights.
You'll be dead.
You guys got yourself a ship.
We'll lose them!
What's wrong?
It's not wise to upset a Wookiee.
But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
This is ridiculous.
Leave that to me! Damn fool.
Well, I didn't... What the hell are you doing?
Into the garbage chute, wise guy.
Blast them!
Okay, hit it!
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
What? (yelling) Yahoo!
Hiroshima was destroyed.
You gotta have nerves of steel !
Birthplace ?
I'm sorry your parents were so mad.
I hate farming.
So the grow 'em big and dumb on the farm planet, eh ?
I'm gonna kill you guys !
Don't stand there dumb... GO !
I want a command, a ship of my own, and you know, I don't think that's gonna leave a lot of room for you and me.
It's what I deserve.
It would be illegal.
Now while you are out killing bugs, we want you to be our eyes and ears.
You're upset, that's alright.
Heat it up.
Now comes the part I hate the most.
Kill the bitch.
Means the Roughnecks have killed a helluva lotta bugs...! I expect the best, but I give the best.
Sounds more like some idiot at Military Intelligence Command wants to get me and my cap troopers killed... Take your group down to P and have a look see.
Unlike you, they're stupid enough to follow orders !
Corporal, the Roughnecks are moving out for Planet P immediately.
SHUT UP, SIR !
GENERAL, stay with the wounded... Sir, the general...! Ah, the hell with him... Fall back... form a circle !
Give'em hell, sir !
C'mon you sons of bitches !
Fleet Command has the battle group on standby... Carmen sees Dizzy lying dead on the deck.
Roughnecks...NOW !
Dereliction of duty by an officer during wartime.
Watch it, you idiots!
And what's your husband doing right now? Oh shit -- the boys.
Do you want people to think you're stupid?
So pretend you're driving a car and I'm the policeman and I say STOP! Thumb up, fingers straight up, flat palm.
Now turn your wrist so it's flat against the fingerboard, and that's how you'll set up your hand... Guadalupe!
You're gonna quit teaching in the middle of the term?
You're shouting at them.
Do you still get away with that crap?
I'm being an asshole.
You're crazy.
What the hell is this?
What's so bad about that?
Dang!
Lock the doors.
I'm dead.
You're crazy.
You go to hell...
Shut up, Dennis!
I don't care if you hate me, Dennis -- that's your business.
You're insane, you know that?
They stole the car!
Bess begins the process of stripping away her make-up.
You are leading the souls of your people to Hell! Turn back!
But the gun positions here, and here, have full command of the channel.
What's your rank?
I am conquered.
Green Revision May 25 - p.29A So tell me, Mr Raleigh, in your sea battles - how do you sink an enemy ship?
You're wrong.
The barrels are then thrown on a fire.
I want both of them left alone.
On the floor - a dagger.
What would you murder your own brother for?
The bribe no man can refuse.
How have you failed me?
Doors burst open and Elizabeth comes storming out, barely containing a powerful rage.
My bitches wear my collars!
Go to your traitor brother, and leave me to my business!
(to Walsingham) Arrest him.
A Spanish officer reacts to the danger and shouts commands.
Raging waves, black sea.
Somewhere out there, tiny in the vast seascape, the Armada is being smashed into oblivion.
Philip's face is set, expressionless.
Stop reading his mind if he bothers you so much.
Vampires.
I hate being... celebrated.
Damned?
He thinks he'd be damning me.
There are no giant -- What the hell is that?! I don't know!
Lie.
She feels it's only fair to kill Edward's mate, given he killed hers.
What the hell have you done?!
-- You guys hungry?
Can't measure up to your bloodsucking friends -- (angry as well) Hey, they manage to survive without hurting innocent people.
What the hell were you thinking?
Will Harry be okay?
Wanna see me stab my hand?
Holy crap -- !
-- It's a trick -- Damn it, Bella -- Stop.
-- Stop! It... wasn't a dream.
I vote hell yeah.
(spinning on him) Stay the hell out of my head!
She killed on our turf.
That is such a lie!
I'm gonna throw up.
Oh shit.
Oh shit.
What shit?
Fucking whore.
Screw her.
What the hell is wrong with you?! Dude, you got problems.
This is gonna bother me for weeks.
He exaggerates!
That is hot.
Oh sweet Jesus! (into CAMERA) I fucking hate Summer.
I hate her crooked teeth.
I hate her 1950s haircut.
I hate her knobby knees.
I hate her lopsided, asymmetrical, cock-eyed head.
I hate her...stupid...big boobs.
I hate the way she sleeps.
I hate the way she laughs.
Who the hell's Sean?
That son of a bitch.
Wait, are you still mad at me? (rolling her eyes) Tom... Holy shit you are.
Very hot.
That's crazy.
Shit, I don't know.
Ok I'm sick of this love shit.
Give me a break!
Shit.
It's, like, all stabbing and shit.
Oh shit.
Shit, I loved her.
Jesus Christ people!
This here is, and Rhoda, you know I mean no disrespect... but this... this is total shit.
We don't cut down our co- workers -- That's cause we're liars!
Stop feeding them nonsense?
I say to hell with it!
I'm being ridiculous.
You know what sucks?
And I kept thinking to myself "Holy shit.
Intercut: Billy and J.D. think they're hot shit as they cruise through the parking lot blasting their tunes.
He looks at the stack of papers they gave him... Fuck.
(into the phone) Fuck that shit!
(livid) Mr. Patel.
Harold shuts down his laptop.
Harold is frustrated as he picks it up.
As he starts to pull in, A YELLOW JEEP STEALS THE SPOT FROM BEHIND.
(frustrated, to himself) Those assholes.
The driver, COLE (20's, asshole, high energy, intense, loud mouth), puts down his window... COLE is joined in the jeep with his EXTREME SPORTS PUNK FRIENDS, who all laugh at Harold.
KUMAR notices that Harold has his LAPTOP BAG on his shoulder... What the hell are you bringing that for?
Shit, I forgot my cell phone.
You're worthless.
She's fucking cute.
Harold gives them a pissed off look as they drive away.
What the hell's going on, Kumar?!
HAROLD (cont'd) And I have to pretend like I actually give a shit, or she'll call me a twinkie.
Look you twinkie bitch, you threw our weed out the window, so now it's your duty to make sure we're high as shit by the time we're eating those burgers.
Do you wanna play battle shits?
Hit!
She sees Hippie Asshole walking by, counting Kumar's money... Have you seen a Korean guy around here?
Cindy can't help but feel a little stupid.
Hit!
(whispering) Shit!
Damn!
You sank my battle shit!
Suddenly, the Hippie Asshole walks by, blocking their path.
(to himself) Where the hell is 109, man?
Harold is about to avoid him, but Kumar grabs Harold close and the two of them BASH INTO THE Hippie Asshole-- KNOCKING Harold and Kumar burst out the doors and EXIT THE DORM...
The Security Guards run by the Hippie Asshole, but stop when they see his backpack, which is half-open, and is exposing THE GIANT BAG OF WEED.
He continues to protest as SECURITY GUARD #2 holds him down.
KUMAR is pissed off as he drives.
Now can we drop this and get our asses to White Castle?
When are you gonna grow up and stop with this post-college rebel bullshit?
Fuck that!
Harold is confused and concerned as the Nurse leads he and Kumar over towards a patient... (whispering to Kumar) What the hell's going on here?
Oh shit!
(to himself) Shit.
We're losing him!
(beat) So, tell me Liane-- how are things between you and Freak Show presently?
Hey boys-- I changed your tire... What the hell are you doing with my wife!
Fuck that!
Holy shit, dude!
I'm bored as shit back here.
Huh? It's a fucking sausage fest in here.
When are they gonna fucking develop button technology that'll understand urgency?
This is ridiculous.
I'll cross.
Shit! (looking at cop's name- tag) Good evening.
Yeah, like I give a fuck.
(to Kumar, unthreatened) Who the fuck are you, shitwad?
You see, Doogie Howser just stole my car and... Pipe down and give me your ID. (to Officer Palumbo) Wait.
Kumar, shut up... (to Kumar) Yeah, that's not the best tone to use on a cop who could bust your ass.
(to Harold) What's with that name -- Koo-mar -- with like three o's and shit.
Harold puts his hands down and Kumar continues his rant, with Palumbo improvising little responses.
But then graduation came, and we went to college and you went nowhere, so you thought, "How can I still give them shit?
Both Officer Palumbo and Harold are getting really pissed.
SMACK!!! Oh shit.
The CELL DOOR SLAMS.
Palumbo is in the main office area, dealing with HIPPIE ASSHOLE and his MOM.
Then he pointed a gun at me and told me to stop resisting arrest.
So he starts beating me with his gun, screaming at me, telling me to stop resisting.
Holy shit.
(re: Tarik) Shit! Jackson's trying to escape!
The cops grab him and throw him down against the bed.
That place was a fucking mad house!
Cheetahs are used to eating zebras and shit.
(eyes closed, screaming) (annoyed) I thought I told you not to take that jerky!
Do you smell that?
Those assholes got to have White Castle?!
Those guys are fucking posers!
Oh shit!
What the hell?
Everything's gonna be... Shit! Fuck!
(pointing) Rold! Look out there! Oh shit!
If those black bastards think they're gonna get away with this, they've got another thing coming!
There are far worse things in the world than being tagged for having a natural ability in medicine... HAROLD pretends to be listening to KUMAR-- BUT HE IS MORE FOCUSED ON BILLY AND J.D., who get out of the car with their women and start walking towards the front door.
Or dealing with the shit those black guys had to go through.
What the hell is going on here?
Back off, cock boy!
Cock boy?
HAROLD (cont'd) And if either one of you douchebags ever tries to pull this shit again, I'll go to Berenson and tell him what's really going on.
Where the hell did that come from?
(moves towards him) Sleds aren't to hit people with.
About the statements by the doctors - Have you gone completely mad, Emily?
He wanted me to be comfortable - Oh, why should I bother?
Who the hell let him in here?
And I swear to God, you ever talk about my daddy again I'm gonna kick your bank-telling, loan-denying ass, you got me?
Okay then, I'm gonna walk over to that counter and get us some fucking pie.
Fuck that cheap-ass watch -- (off Ray's glare) I mean, how the hell are we gonna get home without any money?
He's dead.
Hell with him then.
Spanky's gonna be pissed.
Spanky's gonna be pissed?
Fuck Spanky!
I blame you for everything.
He was dead.
You may be able to buy your way out of trouble up in New York City, but down here we take murder seriously.
Break's over!
When he was 13 years old he killed a son-of-a-bitch with a claw hammer.
Damn liar.
Bitch killed his sister with an axe.
Shit, I ain't the son-of-a-bitch who poisoned my own parents.
You killed Santa Claus?
Sure wish I could have met him -- Cut the bullshit.
You know I hate it when you call me that.
We heard this shit before.
What the fuck are you laughing about?
There is shit nibbling at my balls!
It runs from shack to shack clear around the yard -- What the hell you think you're doing?
I heard Camp 12 got themselves a son- of-a-bitch used to pitch for the Mud Hens.
I'm not in the mood for one of your stupid, fucked-up plans right now.
(getting mad) My plan is on his way to Pittsburgh right now.
What you're talking about is the same damn thing.
Damn dentures slipping again.
It's a hell of a lot longer when you're innocent.
What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you doing in that trunk?!
Who's driving now, bitch?
(smacking him) No, they didn't get their pardons, you dumb shit!
Damn thing's falling to pieces.
They oughta tear that shit down and ship them Yankees cross the river to Jersey.
What the fuck are those?
I look like I give a shit about my cholesterol?
You want a bump, G? I wouldn't be putting that shit up my nose.
Damn fool gonna set this place on fire one of these days.
It's probably all fucked up, anyway.
Hey, man, cover that shit up!
Stupid kid.
(of Oleg) It's his fault.
Look, I don't have time for you, get out of my way!! Alright, how 'bout all your fuckin' money?
Homicide?
Who the hell let them up there?
You motherfuckin' bastard!
A dog pissed on me!! I'm gonna sue you for this!
Let me hug you? (Czech) Turn that fucking thing off! (Czech) I'm not filming.
Stupid, Milos.
If you found me steppin' on your crime scene - it might piss you off, too.
A stabbing.
Shit.
What's wrong?
I dreamed of running up to a door, kicking it in, pulling my gun and yelling 'Freeze!' at the bad guy! What'd you dream about?
I didn't intend to kill Milos but he stole from me.
Cheated me!
(Czech) Put the fuckin' camera down!
Are you hit?
Now it's more moody... like a scene from THE Shut up.
Oh, shit.
I hate looking at that! Don't want to film this?
You didn't give a shit if you got me or not.
Don't worry about the damn phone.
Shit! Are you alright?
And the whore's murder?
Why won't you be angry at me for keeping my movie?
Where the hell have you been?! Ladder 20 was on the Rock for training.
Are you out of your fucking mind?? Are you having that much trouble gettin' dates?!
Look, I'm sure you probably think I'm a fool and I fucked up, but... No, I don't think you were a fool, I just think you were stupid about it.
She's got the potential to fucking hang you even if she suggests that you made a pass at her, it's fuckin' over.
You can deny it all you want, but it will not make one fucking bit of difference.
You're dead.
He was older, my parents told me I was nuts to get involved with him.
(low) Look asshole.
Oh shit!
You are a fucking little, small Russian piece of shit.
And I hate you.
I fucking hate you.
Are you my attorney?
I'm insane.
What are you hitting him for?
You're goin' down, motherfucker, you are goin' down.
Don't give me that fucking shit.
(yells to other cop cars) Alright, let's get going!
She went to fucking black market doctor to induce me.
Yeah, he hated me from day when I was born.
Goddamn assholes everywhere.
Shit.
His nerves are tricky.
Oh! (more in disbelief than anger) If you aren't the WORST!
First, you insult his hands and make him mad.
Well, there ain't a whole hell of a lot that we can do about that now.
How 'bout that?
Where's the throttle?
Say! How do you stop this thing?
And chairs and tables and floors and ceilings and everything.
He conceived a terrible revenge.
In the Metropolitan Museum's green hat, that's whose green hat.
Oh, a hat! Oh, senor, no, no, no -- you must not keep the hat.
What'll we shoot at?
(angry) Look out!
Too bad for who?! One ... Keep away from me! I'll shoot, I tell ya! I'll shoot!
I'll shoot!
The idiots chose Hazel!
Usually they take one of the stupid babies.
(angry) It's *your* splice!
You blame me for everything!
(blows up) Are you really so *stupid* that you imagine you're going to find a more gratifying life?
I ain't usin' no soap--it's too cold to bother with soap!
They told Muddy his feet was too flat!
He is a goddamn psychiatrist--of *course* he wants to "help"!
Shit.
He's up there in them angry stars.
(annoyed) He probably doesn't make much money picking apples--he must have had to pay to send them, too.
How can you be angry with Homer for sending us a *gift*?
Every time you throw a snail off the dock, you're makin' someone start his whole life over.
Naturally I hate this more.
You're lying.
You got your own mess to deal with--ain't that right?
Them same damn rules is tacked up again!
They think we're dumb niggers so we need dumb rules--that's what they think.
Palmer, with all due respect----what the fuck are you talking about?
... Look, Ozzie---- What the fuck is this?!
Ozzie---- I'm a great fucking analyst!
Fuck you, Peck, you're a Mormon!
Fuck you guys!
Okay, Olson---- Let's be fucking honest... ... This is a crucifixion!
The door slams.
Hang on to your hat, honey.
But hang on to your hat, I---- Oh for fuck's sake, Ozzie, you mean I have to go out again?
Little prick.
She is a cold, stuck-up bitch.
Beat.
Beat.
Beat.
She controls her fury.
Linda shuts the door behind him.
He does computer stuff, hooks up people's computers and programs their VCRs'n shit?
Fucking child's play for Ernie.
Chad is looking at a crumpled piece of notepaper and punching numbers into a wall phone.
Of your shit.
... Osbourne Cox? (explosive) Yes! Yes, I'm Osbourne Cox! Who the fuck Settle down, Osbourne.
He slams the car door after her.
It'll piss Ozzie off.
Harry?
My larynx * swells up, closes off the----Ah what the * hell.
Now give me the fucking floppy or the CD or whatever the fuck you have it on, and I will---- As soon as you give me the money, dickwad!
Osbourne has punched him in the nose.
You fuck!
Give it to me, fuck!
You fuck!
He slams the door.
He hit me!
Oh shit!
Holy fucking----you fucking morons!
The car is ripping through traffic.
It's on to Plan B. It's just a Kryptonite lock----you can open those fuckers with a Bic pen! Heavens sakes---- Where we going?
... Ozzie, I hate to be the paranoid old spook, but those two guys seem very interested in you.
What the fuck?
The car stops.
What the fuck?
He puts his key in the lock and----it doesn't turn.
... Fucking...
What're we, gonna tell Manolo to scoop some more secret shit off the locker room floor!
A beat.
Chad is sucking the dregs of his Jamba Juice up a straw when a noise brings his look around: The door to the townhouse is opening.
No! No, we don't want those idiots blundering around in this.
But this is divorce.
... Harry?
Bitch.
Cut it out.
... What the fuck?
Tell her I got the new fucking keys!
He slams down the phone.
New... fucking... keys... How's this for access... Hardware starts to fall off and jangle onto the stoop.
You have to do what's right for---- Yeah! Hell yeah!
For fuck's sake, put him on the next flight to Venezuela!
Is he dead?
Fuck.
Should I pay it out of, should it be from---- One of the black accounts, I don't give a shit.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Shit! Temp's dropping!
(yelling) There!
Yo, Teach, what the fuck?
I have an idea, why don't you go find them and we'll get the hell out of here!
Was that out loud? Thorgan, have you been screwing with . . .
Well stop messing with her.
Bitch looks dead to me.
Get them the hell out of there!
Not a problem?! I'm missing a fucking arm heeeerrrr- (re:shot) Oh, that's dreamy.
Okay rent-a-cop, do your shit.
Needs nano stabilization immediately.
Have I told you guys how much I hate this class?
Oh shit I forgot my arm!
And by the way, Brodski's pissed.
What the hell were you thinking?
Besides, you're into this shit.
I better get extra credit for this shit.
What do you expect from a culture that sucked its planet dry of resources.
You're jealous.
You son of a bitch, you know what time it is?
What the hell is this shit?
More time...shit, she's had 400 years... That's really funny.
What have I done?! Idiots.
Jesus, God! Oh man, what the hell happened?
No, we're playing a game...not you numbnuts... Asshole that does not count as a kill.
Damn.
Oh shit. the glass glows in the throws of their lights.
I'm going to hunt this son of a bitch down.
You guys have a tendency to blow shit up and ask questions later.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
DAMNIT to hell!
Sergeant! (stops) What?
More soldiers?
Ok, who do I gotta fuck to get off this boat?
How do you open the damn door?
(favoring his nose) Pack your shit.
You scream I'll snap your neck.
Thinking with your dick again, Delongpre?
We're screwed.
Shit! Move it!
Shit! Hey, I think the fall killed him.
Two shit covered bananas.
Now how do you fire this damn thing?
Shoot him!
Shit!!!! (weak) Forget him.
Kkinsa, open the goddamn door!
Kkinsa, dear, it is I, KAY-EM 14... open the fucking door you silly bitch!
Oh shit!
We're screwed!
Oh shit.
Shit!
Rizzo pull the fucking lever!
Damn.
You're leaving me here alone?
I'm not much, but I promise, I won't let this guy get you.
Damnit!
Shit.
We're blowing three.
Let's see if we can open up can'a whoop ass! Holy shit!
What are we waiting for?!! Come on!! (to Janessa) Where the hell were you?!!
I live for this shit.
Why you low life, scum sucking, rat dick blowing, sum bitch.
You stupid bitch!
The kinky bitch.
Shit, hurry!
I think I'm going to throw up... Hey, dickhead!
Close the fucking door!
Damnit!
Now! Damage?
You know, this future shit sucks.
I'll fucking do it.
You? (mumbling) Wait around on your asses all day.
See now that was stupid.
Persistent, yes, but stupid.
Not this time, asshole.
This time I'm gonna watch you burn in hell.
Damn that was close!
(growls) I hate the future!
I don't know what the hell I'm doing!
Shut up, Thorgan!
It's a meteor dickhead.
You're on my route.
How `bout that?
Fuck.
Selfish bastard.
Three grand just to have the asshole wiped up off the floor.
You should hear the way he goes on about his lean body mass index bullshit.
It's ridiculous.
Clean other people's shit?
Now he's a full on gym teacher, I swear to God.
Shut up and take the ten.
The hell with Hinkle's, I'm taking us to Disney Land!
I don't care how much those idiots would shell out for it.
So he cuts out the middle man.
You still suck.
Damnit Norah, we still have a lot of shit to do here.
You got the timing, you got the nerve.
Freak.
What do you wanna bet they threw all that shit right in the dumpster.
You freaked him out.
Turns out it's against the law to throw bio hazards in the dumpster.
It wasn't KoKo's fault.
(pause) I'm a fucking idiot.
Hell, it's what I should have done forty years ago.
You just figure all this shit out as you go.
Trust me, the whole bastard thing... it's working for you.
Blood and glass mingle on the linoleum floor and plastic chairs.
The OFFICER points to the shattered glass.
That's disgusting.
The thunder gets louder.
Angry, Oscar sits down on the steps.
He tries to swing the door shut but Rose stops it.
Bunch of shady mother fuckers.
A wet slap punctuates each new deposit into the garbage.
Another load of slimy shrimp smacks the garbage.
Jesus fucking Christ!
Rose throws her keys at Norah.
You set a fucking house on fire!
Fuck you.
Turn everything to shit and then walk away.
Rose, looking worse for wear, tries to open the door but the store is closed and the door is locked.
Norah's ruined everything.
There's a knock at the door.
And these aren't stupid kiddie unicorns and shit.
Li'l bastard.
She turns and steals another look before shutting the door.
And I hate people who are late.
I need it to stop.
But not because you're right, but because I am in a terrific mood, and you are ruining it.
Well, that was stupid.
Why'd you get out, you, stupid-head?
How `bout now?
What is wrong with you?
Come on, come on, come on... Shit.
Shit! Shitshitshitshit... No, shit.
Holy fucking shit!
What the hell is wrong with you?
Please, God... Water, water everywhere, but not a drop to... Fuck me.
What the hell is going on?
This is ridiculous.
This is Nuts.
Seriously, what the fuck are you talking about?
This is great fucking news?
It's fucked up.
Seconds after the birth, the birth mother changed her mind and refused to give it up.
He's a fucking idiot.
Now I wear boots covered in goat shit.
How you quit your job and took over a pet store all because some asshole sold you a lame dog.
Shut up and push me.
I hate everyone.
You're emotional, and irrational, and you get back fat.
(freaking out) Let's get the hell out of here.
Holy shit, is he dead?
They're shitty choices.
Son of a bitch, that hurts.
Fuck off.
(then) Let's get the hell out of here.
We both agreed that we were totally sick of weddings and hated when people wrote their own vows.
The third time she got religion she go it so powerful she knocked down a full-growed deacon with her fist.
(who has mush on his mouth) Wait'll I get to California! Gonna reach up and pick me an orange whenever I want it!
Did they hurt you an' make you mean-mad?
Put me in jail and I'd bust right out.
Teacher says-- Yeah?
(an angry whisper) Give 'em the bread.
But I'd hate to be doin' it.
Takes more nerve than I got.
Boy, but I'd hate to hit that desert in a jalopy like that! (contentedly) Well, you and me got sense.
(angry at the whole business) But what you gonna do?
What is it, a wreck?
This got a floor.
Shut up, you red-- Looks like to me you killed him.
They killed Casy first.
"Citizens, angered at red agitators, burn another squatters' camp, warn agitators to get out of the county."
(sick of the expression) Listen.
Somebody sure as hell ought to tell The Kid. (hangs up) Lancey Hodges is in town.
Hell, I can't not tell him.
But all the wives and daughters tell the men to go hide somewhere and let them bargain with the enemy.
Hell, it's the only thing I know how to do.
I'm not goin' to quit.
Haven't seen the dear old bitch in fifteen years.
Well, hell, I don't know.
Damn right you should!
Gents?
I swear I don't know what I'm doing sitting down with you titans, but maybe it's worth putting up five thousand for the educational value.
I don't want you to think I'm getting too personal, but you mind telling me how the hell you come to be here?
I locked the door.
Hell, yes.
I break.
No. (stops, looks at her irritated) Why not, for Chris sakes?
Damn it.
What's up is that hunk of shit Chevy he sold us made it seventeen miles before the engine blew up.
In the meantime we're leaving the piece of shit in the driveway.
Nick, you little shit, get down here!
Oh, Father, do shut up.
Turn off the damn light! 3 AM.
The owner is the father of a friend of mine.
I will have him call your father up pretending to be a head hunter.
How repulsive!
Who the hell else would write such a thing?
You lie.
PERVERTS!
You little shit.
You stole your mother's dead ex-boyfriend's trailer and set a five million dollar fire.
What was Paul smoking? Shut up and go with it.
What the... What the hell?
We're gonna be roommates!
You can cut the sexual tension in that room with a knife.
No. Who the hell are you?
So what is Trent, the fucking condom faerie!?!
He's in a foul mood.
Does it bother you that you're a selfish, uptight, boring lover?
If the shoe fits, suck on it.
No need to be jealous, Nick.
P.S. Please destroy this note immediately.
No, I'm the officer working the case of his stolen car.
Nick, they're coming to arrest you!
Vijay's been arrested.
That's terrible.
Nick, you've stolen, vandalized, trespassed, and burned down Berkeley.
You go yard on me, Larry Crowne and I will destroy you.
Let's troll Buena Vista for junk stores.
I'll get my idiot brother-in-law three days a week.
Larry Crowne, you are on my Shit List.
That woman is one clenched fist of fury.
(talking to herself in the MOVIE Oh shut up you sleaze.
Jerk.
Oh crap.
Lie.
I know what's really pissing you off.
I'll be your Cycle Slut.
Right on Palermo till I yell stop.
Tiny dick loser!
Pound.
Sarcasm.
She's insane.
How he connected the Circle of Sales to the expanding universe is impressive as hell.
Damn, you have a lot of records.
Son of a cock.
Tuna, this is crap.
Fuck you guys.
Tuna, this is crap.
Fuck you guys.
What the fuck is that?
Holy shit, Dulli.
I was walking down the beach, minding my business, when who did I see but this fucking guy.
I'm too fucked up.
Fuck yeah.
We're fucking Americans.
Me, I'm not going to stop until I find the fucking motherlode.
George, we'll wind up in a Mexican prison getting fucked up the ass by one of Maria's relatives.
Hey, fuck you, Dulli.
As far as I'm concerned, we're on fucking vacation.
You guys are fucking insane.
Shut your big fat mouth.
You mad at me?
I am arrested for stealing cars.
I piss fifteen kilos.
You're a fucking amateur!
Holy fucking Mary! Jesus, fuck me running!
Where did you get this shit!
Damn! Can I do a fucking line?!
What the fuck is going on?
What the fuck is going on?
Keep my mouth shut and let you do the talking.
I need a fucking drink.
Oh, don't be such a fucking hypocrite.
I quit smoking, didn't I? Put that shit away, they're here.
Shut up, Diego.
Very angry.
You don't take me to California, but you take your bitch wife?
Jesus fucking Christ, Diego.
You fucked me, Diego.
You went behind my back and you cut me out.
I stole your California connection.
Who introduced you to your fucking Colombian wife?
Who protected you when my friend Cesar Roza wanted to slice your fucking throat, huh?
Who mad you millions and millions of dollars?
Accusations?
It's bad.
This is bullshit, he's making me look like a punk.
Fuck you, then.
Fuck.
She's angry.
Don't give me that shit.
What is your fucking problem?
We're broke, that's my fucking problem.
And you're a fucking spy.
Everyone's laughing at you, you fucking pussy.
You let Diego fuck you in the ass.
You must be fucking Diego because you're not fucking me.
Those are my nuts!
He's a fugitive and a fucking cocaine dealer!
Take this sorry motherfucker to jail!
Disco shit.
I don't give a shit.
Fuck you guys.
I've known him for thirty fucking years.
Fucking George.
I fucked up.
Shit.
And he fumbled it.
And then I jerk off.
Please ... Stupid sonuvabitch... Car-jacker.
They've brought so much goddamn heat down, I may not be able to fill this order.
But what is baffling to me, is how, since I been gone, you've become a complete and total moron-- Hey, now - He's gonna kill you -- !
And the cars, they've changed ... There's new shit.
Speak for yourself, boss I don't have a Hollandaise sauce No, but you dress like an asshole ... I think about that night a lot... Me, too.
Am I dying?
You're clean I like how you wallop back in here - after four years - and can still get all Clifford Huxtable on my shit ...
You guys have any skills at all? Hell, yeah.
Are you nuts?
You spread it out ... you move around... So's they can't touch you... so's they don't know... Shadow games and shit ... "Shadow games?"
Shaddup, man ... Get the damn thing in there and get it cleaned up - This is loaded with crap - get a duffel.
Goddamn, we're rich!
The whole damn thing's loaded.
What's wrong with it -- ?
You guys and the car thing, man -- See you in a few days, Eleanor -- And you just stick it in the lock.
I can tell you how they used to spend that annoying half-hour between "FRIENDS" and "SEINFELD"... Good work, Toby -- It just ain't happening -- You'll get the hang of it, kid.
Remember who my brother is? Fuck that cracker shit -- I know that one.
I think so too -- Ya'll really need to get the fuck out of the house more... Hello -- ?
What's wrong with her -- ?
He drove her home, never drove her again ... The man's a freak... She's trouble -- I put the boys on it.
It's for assholes.
Watch and learn, old-timer -- The hell are you doing?
What we call: fun and shit.
Just think slow and think smart... Let's see what these bastards are up to -- DRYCOFF (cont'd) What the fu-- DRYCOFF (cont'd) Those little pricks -- !
No. Open her ... What the hell's that -- ?
For everything but stealing cars ... MEMPHIS (cont'd) Showtime -- Hello, Tracy... MEMPHIS (cont'd) Shit.
I steal cars, Gramma.
I take out my slim-jim... Oh, God... Slip it in ... You're going high-cheese, dude -- Unlock your button ... "Unlock my button" ... ?
Shit all looks the same here -- Shit ... Run it... No... What am I supposed to do? Jesus, Kip ... I'm shot, man ... Just hold on... Hold on ... What are we gonna do -- ?
I...haven't... done ... shit... Tears running down his eyes... Shhhhhh, shhhhh ... Call 911 - Call 'em here -- ?
... Suspect is headed southbound on Mount Vernon, at Cambridge Street -- Shit ... Man, is this boy driving!
Jesus Christ, will you catch this guy?
The dumb shit is over ... I know you.
Hell, take 'em with you.
We gotta do what we gotta do -- Shit.
I hate the screamers, man.
What the fuck's this?
Public Enemy!
Yeah, well it's fucking Monday afternoon.
Since you brought that bullshit tape in.
I was going to ask you for your top five records to play on a Monday morning and all that, and you just had to ruin it.
Because it's sentimental tacky crap, that's why not.
Barry, I'm fucking broke!
Big fucking deal.
Oh, now you're defending that motherfucker?
Well it fucking should be, shouldn't it?
For the last fucking time, I'm telling you Laura didn't want to get married!
Shut up, Mom.
You can be and are wrong.
He had the fucking nerve to call me and ask me to borrow some money and I told him to fuck off, so he asked me to sell his singles collection and send him a check for whatever I go, minus a ten percent commission.
And you're a fucking ASSHOLE.
I am a fucking asshole.
Okay, so who's the asshole now?
The Clash.
The Clash.
Art Garfunkel and Marvin Gaye are not engaged in a bitter territorial dispute, and the Israelis and the Palestinians are.
I mean really, who gives a flying fuck?
(beat) So.
Gimme a fucking break.
I felt guilty and so I got angry.
Why is that childish?
"He wears bad sweaters, he's grumpy, he's broke, he hangs out with the Musical Moron Twins, and he gets to go to bed with a recording artist who looks like Susan Dey-slash-Meg Ryan.
Rob.
Rob!
What about the fucking Rolling Stones?
What about fucking... fucking... Beethoven?
It means you're going to go, doesn't it?You're like a little squirrel of music, storing away dead little nuts of old garbage music, musical lint, old shit, shit, shit -- Barry, if I were to say to you I haven't seen Evil Dead II yet, what would that mean?
That sentence?
The point is we got ourselves into an awful mess, Rob... Are you there?
(re: traffic noise) Where are you?
You look upset.
I'm upset, but I'm fine.
I'm Rob.
Rob.
I hate to quibble with you Rob, but she married her first boyfriend.
(on her feet) Fuck!
What the fuck is that?
They were fucking called that before I was in it, okay?
That's fucking great!
(looks at the poster) The fucking Bucktown Pub? Ha!
You're a bitter bastard, Rob, you know that?
Bitter?
You're also an idiot.
I deserve it.
What the fuck is that?
Don't give me that "what" shit.
And if Laura's bourgeois lawyer friends can't take it, then fuck 'em.
Let 'em riot, we can handle it.
You seem pissed off all the time, though.
"Hit It and Quit It" by Funkadelic.
You bit my fuckin hand - Richie lunges at him, hits him again with his injured hand - which hurts Richie more than it does Campizi.
You're fuckin kidding me.
Fuck this - Richie - Richie gets out, opens the trunk, grabs a Slimjim and bolt cutters, cuts through a gate chain and strides to the accountant's car, Rivera following.
We're fucked either way.
Then we're fucked, you're right.
Goddamn it, did we ask for this?
Are you out of your fuckin mind?
Richie's glance to Rivera says, You're right, we're fucked.
Get a fuckin job.
Bumpy's fuckin dead.
This fuckin guy "made" me - I don't know how but he did.
They're gonna kill me.
I missed that - you're breaking up - I said, put the fucking call out again - I just did.
I'll try again, but - Fuck you, too.
Sergeant, I'm not asking, I'm fuckin telling you: Get some patrolmen over here now.
I know he's fucking dead.
I'm talking about not living in fucking poverty.
It's wrong.
Then goddamn it, pay me fifty grand a year, you son of a bitch.
The fuck you want, Frank - Before the last word is out of Tango's mouth, Frank's got a gun pressed against his forehead.
Who can afford to sell shit twice as good for half as much?
(joking) You can't take me in for that, I got a license for that, motherfucker.
(gives the gun back) This then - (the pile of coke on the coffee table) But first - All right, now I'm arresting you.
I said, what the fuck was that?
You do whatever you have to do, go wherever you have to go to find out who's bringing this shit into the country ... Just don't tell me.
I'll lie for you.
No, you're all the fuckin same.
Fuck you, I'm not telling you.
Where is my fuckin dope?
I'll fuckin kill you.
The fuck is this place?
You fucked up, Jimmy.
And that's worse than taking money nobody gives a shit about - drug money, gambling money nobody's gonna miss.
You're going to the same hell as the crooked cops you can't stand.
Which fuckin place is it going to be?
What the fuck you doing here?
Get the fuck out of New Jersey.
Then maybe I'll kill them all just to make a fuckin point.
It was a junkie.
How you gonna kill it?
Where the hell's everyone going?
We're going to leave the fuckin country to the communists?
She hated it.
The fuck is that?
Who the fuck would buy those?
Arthur, dressed in pajamas and robe, lies in the dirt in front of a bulldozer, blocking it from destroying his house.
Through the window behind them, throngs of people stampede down Oxford Street, screaming.
The LOUD GARGLING NOISE continues.
They struggle.
Resistance is useless!
And if we're unlucky?
He SCREAMS.
He pulls away, then playfully punches Ford in the arm.
I stole a ship?
You blew it with her, Earthman, so shut up or I'll kick you in the gones!
I feel like a bloody idiot.
More MUTTERING.
HHGG 3rd Revised Draft 8/8/03 This is ridiculous!
She stops, fires him a look.
This made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
SLAM.
Resistance is useless!
The crowd SCREAMS and SCATTERS.
Zaphod hits the floor, considers protesting, lies down on the floor to sleep instead -- with a contented smile.
Says here it was destroyed to make way for a hyperspace expressway.
A huge, angry eye stares out of a tiny barred window.
Annoyed, she points across the room to a wall that is nothing but shelves holding forms.
Go with the hunch of a narcissist with half a brain who's wearing a ridiculous thinking cap!? Are you insane?! Hey, I think I resent that.
Then -- FFSSSSH - the door seals shut.
She's getting angrier and more hurt.
He grabs the gun, points it at her. Won't affect me.
Shocking cock up.
The mice were furious.
Oh, shit.
It's only a TOWEL!! GET The Police stop their retreat, raise their guns, move forward.
A and T TRIP.
It's vile!
It means she's insecure.
At 29.83 at 9. (hangs up) I'm amazed the windows don't blow out of their fucking sockets with all the repressed, ass-puckering rage in these soul-less lizards.
You're a fucking moron.
The hell I did!
The hell you didn't!
The hell I did!
You're an asshole Adam.
You're an asshole.
Oh, and why am I an asshole?
He told me and I heard him... he said... (struggles to remember) Hell he said so many Goddamn things I can't remember everything he said for Christsake.
The bucks gonna stop right here.
You're a lying deviant.
She slipped!
(enraged) Fuck! Fuck you fucking guys!
This is insane.
That's insane.
Bullshit it's not accessory.
You call the cops, you explain it was an accident... Her fucking head was caved in.
"Dead whore?"
Desert.
(beat) Fucking desert.
Bring the car around to the back of the hotel, throw her off the balcony, put her in the car... Done.
Why? It's sacrilegious.
(beat) Well what the fuck are we supposed to do? (as if reasonable) Open the suitcases, unpack the body parts and reunite the limbs.
Wrong.
That is flat out wrong.
That is a load of shit.
The hell I don't.
What are you fucking talking about?
I'm a fucking ball-buster I am.
That fucking, "My son just arrived the other day... he says thanks for the ball, come on let's play.
(falling apart) Fucking Boyd.
That fucking idiot.
(grabs phone) Boyd you idiot, the shit's coming down!
I think it was your little rat fuck brother who decided to play Hamburger Helper with the hooker's head.
Fuck you Boyd!
They're screaming for Starbursts.
Well, I'm in the middle of my goddamn toast here.
I don't give a damn.
And you're a little fucking reject.
You think your shit's so fucking righteous!
FUCK YOU!
SIDE BY FUCKING SIDE!!! Shut up! Shut your fucking mouths!!! (freaking) I didn't do anything!
They figure this shit out.
You fucking bastard!
Are they fighting?
Don't you threaten me you little rat fuck.
Don't you fucking threaten me -- I'll fucking kill you.
Mr. Fucking Minivan...
What's your fucking point?
(hysterical) Cancel?! Cancel?! Are you out of your fucking mind?! Nobody's saying cancel.
She wants to know what the hell is going on and I'm starting to freak out here.
Suck my ass.
You're a snaky little fuck.
I don't understand where this personal attack is coming from... You're a liar.
I don't want to hear it from the liar.
Fuck you Boyd.
Michael killed Adam in a jealous rage.
That Lois fought like a fucking Comanche.
I told Boyd two fucking minutes!
Insurance dollars that you have thus fucking far decided not to tell me about at all.
(veins pulsing) And if you think you can fuck me, don't.
Cause I'm fucking insulated Fisher.
I want my fucking money!
Those are my burdens.
East?!!! Damn you!... Jasmina.
Wrong.
Aslan, get off your damn knees!
(to Aslan, furious) You worthless savage!
You lie!
What is wrong?
A curse on the Saracens!
No food, no shelter, and weather that would curse the end of the earth.
Open up! Tell the mistress of the house that Robin of Locksley is at her door.
You lie.
A kiss for me, Saxon bitch.
Damn you, animal!
That's a lie! (shouts) Come, Robin!
Come on, damn you!
Banshees.
They say they fly in your mouth and suck you dry of blood before you can scream.
What are ya, m'old cock?
We waste time.
A man who travels with two servants and claims he's without money, is either a fool or a liar.
And this one is a liar.
You will have to fight me for it.
'E's full o' piss and wind.
(furious) You should not have left without me, Englishman.
If you had been killed, I would be cursed for eternity for failing to fulfil my pledge.
Starve them out.
Sheriff hasn't left us a bloody pot to piss in.
He means to kill you.
Come on, you little piss pot.
We were ambushed.
How dare you expose yourself to me?!
He will annihilate you.
I want the heads of the men who stole my gold.
(as Bull nods) Damn them to hell!
(cackles) Your resistence is strong, but useless.
He is a trusting fool.
(raging) Damn you, Arab.
Damn you, too, Father.
You reared a coward and a fool.
Why have you betrayed me?
I'll wring yer scrawny neck, Will Scarlet.
Bugger me.
This man will rot in hell as a knave and a liar.
It's gg... ggg... g..oh crap!
Excuse me, m 'old cock.
You deserve each other.
Who would dare refuse his king's request?
That's ridiculous.
Paul's frantic, but I don't give a shit.
I'm sorry you were so angry...
I was...disappointed.
You were the aggressor.
Let's fuck.
Fuck it!
Shit.
Fuck you.
This is why I hate games.
I hate what it does to me.
(under her breath) Shit.
(annoyed) I got it.
I've got a fucking bug in my ear, okay?
Stay out of it, bitch.
They already hate us.
I don't...we'll do it in the fucking drive-way if we have to.
Is that Dick Koosman?
She's loud and stupid.
What the fuck?
It's so fucking infuriating.
Fuck.
What a fucking nut job.
This junk makes her look stupid and she's not.
That's awful.
What do you want from me? You're making me do the whole fucking thing.
Malcolm comes after her, his rage growing.
I want to punch that guy in the nose!
I'll fucking punch your sister.
She's such a fucking idiot.
You're both fucking morons.
What is wrong?
You tell me, you understand this shit.
Yeah, I drank my fucking teas!
He tears the leaves off in a rage.
You have the most oddly self- conscious form of rage I've ever -- I hate you.
You shit in your shoes and then you fuck them!
I think it's over between Dick and Margot.
She should just get out of the marriage and then she can fuck whoever she wants, you know.
And Dick Koosman.
I hate the idea of Dick fucking Margot.
You want to fuck Margot?
They yell over the noise: I didn't say that.
He guns the chainsaw.
(irritated) I can drive.
Shit.
I ruined these shoes.
Shit! Mom, what happened?
Fuck.
But if I ever see a story that involves a hotel room or any of this shit, I will fucking take your bowels out.
Stop touching me.
I am so hot.
(growing nervous) Are you angry at me? No, honey.
(to her camera crew) We're wasting our time here.
First of all, if there was a situation to be handled, I don't see why you find it so goddamn ridiculous that I would be in charge.
Well for your information, I'm in charge of this whole fucking operation.
I don't give a goddamn if you believe me or not, Ms. Hot Fuckin' SHIT news lady.
You motherfucker, you put a boot on my car! (cop voice) I warned you about parking in the fire lane, Saddamn!
Fuck you, Ronnie!
Take that goddamn boot off of my car.
I'm gonna kill you!
Who gives a shit?
You think you're ready for a shot at the title, motherfucker?! I'm ready, Mom.
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
Yeah, we got to get her the fuck out of here.
Oh, fucking Jesus.
Oh shit.
Whoever did this would have to had keys to the Security Room so they could shut off the camera.
What the fuck you want, Ronnie?
That's fucked up.
Ronnie, stop.
Shut up, Ronnie!
Get the hell out, Ronnie.
Busting loiterers and kids who steal pennies from the fountain has its rewards, but really getting in there and closing cases is where it's at.
Give me a break.
Don't try to kiss me because I'll smack the shit out of you.
Don't be stingy, what the fuck is that?
Where the fuck did you find these?
Damn, Ronnie, Klonopin.
This is the good shit.
I hate that shit.
I got to put makeup on these fat- ass women all day and it's like, I don't give a shit what you do, you can't polish a turd.
What the hell are you talking about?
I don't know who you've been talking to, but it's safe to say that you're fucking trippin'.
Oh fuckin' Lord.
Who the hell would want to be around this shit all day?
And I forgive you for what you did to me when you stole my boyfriend.
I want you to know that if you hurt him and ruin his heart, I will personally come down here and kick the ever living shit out of you.
You better fuckin' run, bitch!
You fucked the Security Guard?
You are such a little slut!
Ronnie, I could never date you seriously.
I'm placing you under citizen's arrest.
Let me go, motherfucker!
Well, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but it appears that your little brother has tried to sell me illegal drugs.
He works for me, motherfucker!
Yo, waste this pig, Tone.
That's fucking hilarious.
This guy is without a doubt the biggest fucking idiot I have ever met.
You set me up! Ronnie, look -- Don't try to deny it!
I'm getting shit from the owner of the mall.
I don't care about that bullshit.
It's my job to protect you from the bullshit.
What the fuck do you want?
What the fuck is going on?
In fact, shit is seriously fucked up.
Now, I got you this fucking job, when are you going to stop being a little baby and do something for a change.
I just want to be a little bitch and brag about dropping out of college.' Grow a fucking pair, will you, Chucky?
Burn it to the fucking ground!
Well I say, fuck that!
I'm a fucking outlaw and I'm going to live that until the day I die.
You're goddamn right I'm ready.
So, yeah, usually I take a joint straight to the head before I start work in this motherfucker, but on really stressful days, I like to get drunk too.
Fuck it, give me the bottle.
Hey, what's up, motherfuckers?! What up, Big Den?!
Fuck you, Stevie!
Who gives a fuck?
After everybody leaves, I rob the shit out of this place.
I steal shit!
Right in front of my goddamn face this whole time!
Ronnie, I thought you were down?! What the fuck?!
What the fuck has this place ever done for you?
What the fuck you mean you can't let me?
Shit, dog.
I know most people don't think it's shit, but I really loved it.
So I got pissed off.
You ever love a girl so much that you can't break up with her, so the only thing you can do when she pisses you off is smack her in the goddamn face?
I don't give two shits about this stupid job.
My shit does stink.
Son of a bitch!!! Oh, my God! Are you alright?
What the fuck, man?! Get out of the way!
Stay the fuck away from my wife!
What a fucking douche!
Fuck yeah!
YOU get lost!
(under his breath) ... Bitch.
What's wrong?
You're messing with their UNIVERSE.
Just feels "wrong", that's all.
Yeah ... (beat) That--and ... What?
(shouting) Okay!
What's wrong?
It's hot up here.
I can get awfully fucking rough!
Dan! Arrest them!
Okay, let's cut the shit and get right to it.
You're a smart little bastard aren't you?
(containing his rage) How long do you think you've been here?
You're not allowed to lie.
Throw it on the fire with everything else.
(cold command) Throw it on the fire.
(when d'Artagnan isn't impressed) Me, you idiot.
Get out of the way, idiot!! Wait here.
How do you expect me to kill you if you keep jumping around!! (eyes on the tower) Damn monks.
Barbarism.
(open the box, reacts) But...? (to the point) Throw the coins, boy.
The people are hungry.
Oh, shut up, Aramis.
But words are usually a waste of time.
That's cheating.
Thou are move lovely and more tempest, er, more tempered...' (beat) Ahh, to hell with it -- The boy's a natural.
And with that, Aramis and Porthos charge towards the Guards.
SHOTS WHIZ back and forth like angry hornets.
A duel then.
You're insane.
But he resists.
Milady straightens her dressing gown, adjusts her hair, and commands: Kill him.
Then I will shoot.
Athos cocks the trigger.
A fire burns in the grate.
There is a KNOCK at the door.
Are we interrupting?
Kill him where he stands.
Undaunted, he hurls himself at his hated opponent.
Rochefort sidesteps, throws d'Artagnan against a wall.
It would upset her.
What kind of problem? (agitated) Of fuck, we don't need this now...
I'm not some hired fuckin' gun who is out to make her life miserable.
Fuckin' a. Spector whoops with uncontrolled delight from the back of the limo.
The NOISE of the CROWD can be heard as they pull up front.
There is a punch-up and a man is beaten back.
Rachel immediately picks up on this.
Fine, you make it, they'll tear the fucking place apart.
If he goes, you can forget Miami... She's signed the fucking contract, Bill.
You want me to read it to you? Fuck the contract.
Oh. 'Fuck the contract.'
God damn.
Frank is at the telephone; he punches out three numbers.
A key turns in the lock.
Rachel, where the hell have you been?
Is none of you fuckin' business.
Shove it up you ass, motherfucker.
Fuck you and fuck Miami.
Why stop at one sister when you can fuck them both?
You're crazy!
Nicki screams.
The hood is up.
Bullshit, you saw me.
Everyone in the Green Room looks at her. (hissing at him) Shut up, you maniac!
You are an asshole.
grim.
There are screams from the audience.
Hell yes I mind.
What the hell you doin'?
I can make your life fuckin' miserable that's what I can do.
The point of which is, I already have a fuckin' miserable life.
So don't threaten me you lousy bag of cat shit.
Cutless Supreme, what kind of fuckin' idiot name is that?
Fuckin' Animals.
Shit, we can provide so much evidence, even the asshole we pick will think he fuckin' killed him.
That ain't my fuckin' gun.
Got your fuckin' prints on it.
What a couple a dickheads!
(stands; angry) You fuck, I ain't never seen that gun before!
Fuck you.
Intensive Care, you pindejo fuckin' gutter shits.
Alright, alright, alright... shit.
Shit!
What the hell is three days?!
This is a goddamn murder case!
It takes a little bit of goddamn time!
The last thing I want is the goddamn F.B.I. on my back, too.
How the hell do I know?! It's DEA, it's their thing.
(covering) Bullshit.
(smiles) Why aren't more women like you? (lowers gun) You fuckin' idiot.
Divinci, shit!
And where's your gun, Joe, where do you keep your gun? Why'd you kill him?
What's your last goddamn name?
Pick the asshole out!
You don't live in a great fuckin' neighborhood.
How the hell d'you know that?
You have a good goddamn alibi for him?! Maybe she was blowing him!
This is what they call an open and shut case.
I don't want the D.E.Assholes back in here.
Oh shit.
They can't find the goddamn gun!
(no whisper this time) What?! -- I don't have a goddamn case without the goddamn gun.
I have to have the fucking gun or he's gonna walk.
The Dunner gun, you used the fucking Dunner gun?!
Only because we tagged a goddamn undercover cop do we need the fucking .44 for evidence!
He signed a goddamn confession!
Like you said, this one is open and shut.
He's a fuckin' psychopath.
Shit.
How the hell did that piece of puke know it wasn't his fuckin' gun?!
I don't think he knows his own fuckin' mother, but he knows his fuckin' gun!
Since when?! Since an hour ago when he came down here and chewed me a new asshole bigger than a three car garage.
I'm the attorney.
They were all fuckin' guilty as hell and still on the street, you know that.
Fuckin' A! -- when was the last time you saw him?
You hear the one about the two cops who popped the undercover Who the hell're you and what the fuck are you doing in here?! (calls down hall) (to the man) I suggest you get out before Bob gets here.
(staring at paper) Oh shit... oh shit.
He fuckin' served me!
What the hell is goin' on?! I can't do this, Frank.
I killed a man and I should be punished.
Shit, Frank, she's a goddamn stripper for Chrissake, who's gonna believe her.
We'd be fuckin' fried.
What the fuck is going on?! I want that bitch back here and on the stand or in jail!
You're the fuckin' police.
I said -- -- I know what you fuckin' said, but you want me to find her I gotta know why the fuck she took off!
Shit, two fuckin' days!
What the hell?
Jesus Christ, this is who you picked?
-- when he pulled this gun and fired at the driver of the car.
All these goddamn guns are startin' to look the same to me.
And when you arrested the defendant, did he deny that he had killed Agent Hudd.
And I don't give a shit about all this African doctor crap... the man is a drunk and he's been a drunk for seven goddamn years.
Well who the hell was that?
What the fuck is going on?!
Objection.
Objection!
(to herself) Oh shit.
Why did you lie to this court?
She's in fucking jail.
That's the goddamn problem.
Oh shit.
How'd you get to be such a prick?
What a piece of shit.
What the hell's a smart guy like you doin' in here?
What the hell're you doin'?! Take off your shirt.
Take off your fuckin' shirt now.
What is this, you piece of shit?!
Fuck you, you don't trust me.
Shoot me.
This thing... shit.
Lock the door.
(disgusted) Yeah, I can do that.
But you are a hot fuckin' potato.
Fuckin' A. -- run the cardioplegia.
Waste of time...
Fucking the Sun.
Last trip I thought I was going through hell's digestive system.
(slaps him on the knee) Man.
What the hell happened to you in the desert?
The Doors? (facial distaste) That's the most ridiculous... (then) ...you mean the doors in your mind?
I found an island in your arms A country in your eyes Arms that chained us, eyes that lied (innocently) So Jerry... do we get paid for this? (ignoring her) What shit, "day destroys the night", "crawl back in your brain", "go insane".
What do people wanna pay money to hear that shit.
(scratching his head) ...you're the weirdest fuckin' guy I ever...
...I got some real tight record company connections, just leave it to me man, I'll take you guys all the fuckin' way, you blew my mind out there.
That shit goes right to the radio man.
I don't know man, fucks up my playing.
That's the dumbest name.
Give me a fucking break.
It's my words.
You blew it you little shit!
(angry) Have you bothered to read the poetry ma'm?
That Bob Dylan's the only poet cause he's from the East Coast, but you won't even look past Jim's goddamn looks at the words man! (embarrassed) Hey c'mon Ray, hate should be allowed.
It becomes whoever you want it to be -- a woman you want to seduce, a man you want to kill, a mother you want to upset, a wife you want to lie to or love, whatever you want it to be, it is... (pausey, paranoid) Where are the Doors.
He's a freak.
(then) Maybe I should always fuck my critics.
They're sleazy.
I made up my fuck list the other night -- out of 30 guys there were maybe three of them, y'know.
You wanna fuck me, Morrison, don't ever lie to me again.
Why do you tell me bullshit like your father's dead?
(pissed) What's your problem with fathers!
Your Mom wanted to talk but he shut her off.
You're a fuckin' cunt.
You could ruin his career if... What, I'm a "fuckin' cunt" because I called the house?
You're wrong.
I'll direct the shit out of it, man.
Oh fuck.
Fuck you Morrison.
Fuck Ray -- fuckin Pollock all he cares about's money.
Fuckin sell out.
(going into his pocket) Give me some of your money, asshole, and I'll yell anything you fucking want.
Oh Jim! Damn! Where's the Gravy Train?
How do I fit in?
(ignoring it) You're my girl, that's who... (laughs insanely) I'm not your girl, don't give me that shit.
I know you fuck everything that touches you.
What do you want me to do with 'em? (shakes his head) There's been a slaughter here Don't stop to speak or look around Your gloves and fan are on the ground We're getting out of town we're going on the run And you're the one I want to come Not to touch the earth Not to see the sun Nothing left to do But run, run, run Let's run, let's run... Vice Squad says one more "fuck or shit" they're gonna close us down man.
Stick my dick in their ear!
(yelling) The mansion is warm at the top of the hill Rich are the rooms and the comforts there Red are the arms of luxuriant chairs You won't know a thing till you get inside I told you about that shit.
Ow! You're hurting me! (rising anger) Get up.
You're disgusting.
FUCK YOU!!!
What's his fucking problem?
Why don't you suck a fart out of my asshole you slave driving facist motherfucker!
(hot) Shut up Jim!
I love you like a brother, I do, but why are you fucking this up.
What the fuck is this Ray?
We should fuckin' go on without him.
Come on Jim, we'll get fuckin' laid in Miami.
(aside to Dog) Get him on the fuckin' plane.
Look at you, you're a pathetic fuckin' slob and so are all your friends!
They're coming to see a fuckin' freak show!
Y'ask me he's just become a drunken fuckin' asshole that's what.
Don't lecture me Mr. Philosopher, you never felt a fuckin thing in your life.
(a cruel sarcasm Jim seems to enjoy) ...if you live long enough, don't kid yourself Jimbo -- you're all alone out there, Jimbo, cept for me, cause you're too wacked out man, they're scared, you're too fuckin crazy.
(the devil) Bullshit!
Fuck me baby.
Mexican whore suck my prick!
Yeah, STOP THE WAR MAN, PEACEEE... NO I'm not talkin' 'bout NO REVOLUTION.
(roaring out his commands) (pissed, head bandaged) (stiffarms Jim off the stage) Where's the guy with the penis!
Did you see what they were at Dead cat in a top hat!
Think you're an aristocrat Crap, that's crap ...you are charged under four counts with lewd behavior, simulated masturbation, public drunkenness, profanity, and public exposure.
It'd be a fucking genius, that's what it'd be!
(that smile) You want 'em? (beat) FUCK YOU.
I guess what I really want is to throw myself off this fucking balcony (Hurls the knife out off the balcony) Well now that you've fucked the future, Morrison, have you fucked everything?... (cruelly) Have you looked at yourself in the mirror.
Fuck me one last time, you worthless piece of shit.
More than you think asshole.
Rage rage against the dying of the light".
But I quit fighting.
Quit fighting?
Now I want you to strip them weapons and put it together again.
Shut up, you Wop, he says to me! Little Mussolini here tryin to tell me what way to play the piano.
Yeah, my ear drums fit to bust already with that noise!
I was jealous.
A bitter-ender.
But throw the book at him.
A BEER! I been in a crap game in the latrine.
Lose?
Hot in here.
Keep out of this! (screaming, crazed) Come on.
You've got to become an officer.
Suppose I said I've always hated Sergeants.
Refuse order I give him, start fight.
No, sir, this wasn't Prewitt's fault.
Break it off.
He won't let us have no ammo, Top! Hats got it locked up.
Get the hell out of the way!
The Japs! ... Attacks are now taking place at Pearl, Wheeler, Hickam and Schofield... ... dirty Germans... Nuts! Led him too tar.
Who they think they're fight in? (incoherent with rage; to They're pickin trouble with the best Army in -- the best riflemen -- you know we the ony country on the face of the earth that uses the shooting gunsling, not the carrying gunsling.
Trucks, busses, jeeps all over -- A house on Kuhio Street was bombed And the drugstore on McKully and King is smashed flat.
You're not fit yet -- you're weak as a kitten -- you're AWOL -- they'll throw you in the They'll be throwin `em out of the Stockade.
A soldier!
A soldier!
She's exposed, vulnerable.
(loud) Okay.
So shut the fuck up.
You're a bust-out speed freak jackin' metamphetamine again.
We smash, grab and boogie while they hit the alarm.
(beat) You're on.
So word hits the streets it's okay to steal my stuff?
I'm gonna kill the sonsa-bitches.
The bonds?
Fucking hillbilly grill ran didn't show.
(beat) After that, he fucks up, then okay.
Cuz, one day you get coldblasted with that shit.
Mi carnal: if I tell you what I got to tell you, how do I know you gonna do what the fuck I just told you I need to get done?
That's why I reached for you.. I'm not your 'carnal, you little motherfucker.
Okay! Okay... (continuing) This is valuable shit!
You drag me here to waste my time like this? (to Raoul) You saw a guy on the street... who's an ex-con?
The fuck you aren't!
L.A.P.D. Who the hell you think you're pushing around?
The fucking Tooth Fairy!
Oh, man... (to himself) Why did I get mixed up with that bitch?
Where the hell did this heat come from?
What the hell happened to Van Zant and our 750?
Van Zant gets a pass?! Fuck Van Zant.
(beat) And I mean right fucking now.
What the fuck is that?
My stepdaughter's got problems 'cause her real father's a world class asshole.
You gonna walk out on her? Leave her flat?
Where the hell's Towner?
(tough) Twenty minutes, then I toss their asses out of here.
I got to get back there... What the hell I do for a driver?! Look, I got her sister there, waiting at the hospital.
Backing me up? (tense; angry) I waited too long trying to get past today!
(beat) I got to be there... What the fuck do we do now?
Fuck this crew!
You're wrong.
Don't come on to me with "confidential source" crap! (shouts) Hugh.
You slimy piece of shit.
Fuck her.
Get the fuck in there!
Who the fuck are you?
Hard time, Nate! (shouts back) I ain't looking at shit, and you know it!
You fucking get it!
Gimme Neil! (shouts back) What I'll give you is so many false arrest lawsuits, you won't have time to write traffic tickets!
(to Marciano) Shut up!! (continuing) One second at the window.
(into phone) Fuck McCauley.
Look at me, you sick fuck.
C'mon, Ray, everyone hates the Army during Basic.
I'll tell you straight, I hated it here.
He's not done by a longshot, I can get more out of him- He can wait.
Now tell me why you joined the army or I'll jab this pen through your neck.
Make a difference in the world, crap like that.
You guys really got the shit kicked out of you here.
He'll kick our asses from here to Cleveland.
This is live fire, so keep those safetied until we touch down; I don't want anyone shooting their dick off!
What's wrong with you?
HEL- Fuck, what the fuck is going on- What do we do?
Did- Did you- It was the grenade you fucking idiot.
Hey, I- (seeing it) Holy fuck.
.,. holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do?
We found him like this- You killed him you fucking faggot- We found him like this! Kendall was with me the whole- Listen to me! Jesus, Jesus fucking Christ... Where's Pike?
How can you not know- Shut the fuck up, you fucking faggot, You just shut the FUCK UP- We have to get out of this.
You hated West as much as I did.
I'm not saying what I did was right, but you can't tell me you're not glad the motherfucker's dead.
You turn me in Tomorrow and we're both fucked- What are you talking about?
Pike killed West, Dunbar killed Mueller, Childs, and Nunez.
Who killed Pike?
There are no conspiracies, no grand mysteries, and no evil puppet masters behind it all, pulling the strings; murder is shitty people doing a shitty thing to other shitty people - it doesn't always make sense but it's always neat.
That son of a bitch.
That'd be my reaction too- He's lying.
We'll Just drop all your charges, then- I'm serious- Fuck "you're serious", Raymond, you got exactly zero truck with us; right now we'd take the word of a crackhead over yours, so if you've got something to say, say it.
Holy fuck... Holy fuck, what the fuck did you guys do?
He's lying, then.
What the fuck happened to you- What the fuck happened to you?
no, fuck that- Hey! Roberto, what the fuck?
You hated West, Mueller loved him- Enough to go to prison?
Childs' PX Scam, Mueller was in on it- Bullshit.
You're lying- Pull up my sleeve.
You untie me, we grab the guns, get Kendall and Nunez, and make a run for it- No... no, we can just wait till we get back and then tell the M.P.'s- We wait and I'm a dead man.
What the fuck are you doing?
Guys, get out here!
We gotta move- Shut the fuck up.
Cadet Michael Mueller, I hereby place you under military arrest for the Murder of Sergeant Nathan West- The fuck are you talking about- You are to be stripped of all weapons And placed under guard- Bullshit- Until we return to base, and ballistics can match your weapon to the slugs in Sergeant West's body- Shut up! Mueller, what the fuck- Don't do this- A test will no doubt link you to the Killing- Put it down!
Tell him to shut up- -failure to comply with this arrest is a court martialable offense in and of itself- Pike, please- Although that won't matter much when Coupled with the murder charge- You stupid white trash motherfucker, I saw you do it- Oh.. .
He wouldn't... stop talking... (softly) So you killed him?
West was one thing, but this- Shut up, Mueller.
Let's go talk to Bill... Fucking asthma...
This whole thing's driving it nuts.
(to Osborne) Can I go to jail for punching a guy who's been shot?
We're fucked, I know- They got their stories straight.
So I'm gonna throw you to the wolves, and unlike you I'm gonna get away with it, because you're pissing me off!
Who killed Sergeant West?
For fucking over the little guy.
But it's my fault and I'll carry it.
This is your entire career here- Fuck off.
You needed a new identity, because no one was going to believe James Randall Pike, convicted felon, had acted so nobly in the face of danger - you needed a name people could trust, one that hadn't been to jail, one that hadn't publicly been West's bitch boy.
You're lying, son.
It was insanity.
He was gonna kill me too!
I snapped Mueller's neck!
You killed three people!
Fuck you.
Dismissed.
You're crazy- You can't duck this, Bill.
I may have done every goddamn thing in my life wrong but I won't let this happen.
What the fuck is going on?
Yeah, I know about that, Roberto told me- Shut up! Look, we won't say anything- Fuck that.
Othello you bastard!
FUCK YEAH!
What the fuck?
College kid, very clean...BRETT?! Show her the pipe- Fuck you Tiki, you put that in your ass and call me in the morning.
Kip, have I ever done that shit for you?
Asshole.
Don't shoot this shit, it is way too heavy.
Fuck! Fran...get out.
Get the fuck out Fran!
In your fucking dreams.
The fuck was that?
Hard! Shit!
Center, this is SouthJet 227, we've lost our hydraulics...and, ah shit!
It's stiff as hell.
Throw out everything we've got.
We are in an uncontrolled dive, descending out of...shit I don't know... (calls to Whip) 21 thousand!
What the Fuck!? Oh Lord Jesus!
(it hits him) You're the fucking pilot.
Holy shit, man.
I'm dying here.
You believe in God? Fuck yeah bitch.
You're a stupid fucker if you don't believe in God.
Do I scare you?
Fuck you man.
And what...That made the tail of the plane explode?
(with deliberate malice) Then put the fucking box in my car.
Whip.
It's a lie.
You're insane.
And don't give me a whole... Never Whip, I never in my life- Your mom died and dad drank and bullshit, bullshit, bullshit -- Stop.
And I blame it on me.
Whip.
(has continued to rant) LADIES and GENTLEMEN it took COLEMAN to ask me if I have been drinking!
You upset my mother.
Now get the fuck out!
You don't know who the fuck I am! (pulling open the door) I sure don't.
Who the fuck are you?! Who are you?
What the hell is wrong with you?
Come mista tally man tally me banana...Whip, what's the deal man you look like you're hurtin' for certain...shut the door, interior lock!
Are you fucking crazy?
I betrayed the public trust.
I had betrayed the public trust.
You bother me.
Damned if I know... Wheres my car?! Wheres my Ferrari!? What the hell are you talking about?
Why dont you take your own damn car!
(to Tony re: Jack, annoyed) Who is this man?
My new cars worth more than your shitty house!
You stole my car!
Youre making a business deal... (enraged) Give me my goddamn life back!
Please stop yelling at me!
What we dont know is why the hell I should buy them from you.
Just buy the goddamn suit ...we can take the money out of the kids college fund.
Not bad...I shoulda warned you.
Lets cut the shit, huh Campbell?
Damn...damn...damn... Hey, are you okay?
His old man Fritzie's a Central Dick.
Get me mad.
Tell me how you can fuck this place up so bad in one month.
BUCKY (cont'd) Quits fighting for you.
This grand tour stuff's for shit.
Shut up, shitbird.
Leave me alone!
Junior Nash's got a fuck pad on Norton and Coliseum.
Jesus fuck.
RUSS MILLARD (cont'd) Hollywood will fuck you when no else will.
Don't you fuckin' lie to me.
She's fifteen fucking years old.
And you wanted to fuck her, didn't you?
I wanted to fuck her.
But she cock-teased you.
You get angry?
She told you she was on the rag, and that was the final straw.
God hates liars!
Wrong again.
And a grandstanding son of a bitch.
I hate to pull this, but Daddy has heard about you.
You're in for a cruel caricaturing, Bucky.
Fuck Blanchard.
VOGEL (cont'd) Did you know Blanchard was in TJ? Ain't seen Blanchard since my fuckin' trial.
I fucked Betty Short and I fucked your mama!
I'm your fucking daddy!
Fritzie didn't give a damn about those other three.
Get lost?
But you've got to cool your temper.
Said you were a sob sister, weak sister... (to Bucky) I think you should go outside.
What the hell is this?
Officer Bleichert, go to the watch commander's office immediately.
You're a fool, Dwight.
I got headshakes, bullshit broadsides and a strange series of tales that rang true.
One had "el blanco explosivo" beating the shit out of three jack rollers, then buying off the cops with double-saws peeled from a large roll.
Dreamin'll kill ya.
I want to search every fucking inch of every goddamn acre of Emmett Sprague property if it takes the rest of my shitty career.
...besides, one of my foremen said the goddamn pipes are spewing gas...There'll be hell to pay.
BUCKY (cont'd) He fucked your wife.
He was a handsome bastard, too.
He was a sick fuck and you knew it!
Let's see the fucking dress, mamacita, that you wore when you chased after poor daddy's money.
VOICE OVER (cont'd) Madeleine stalking Lee...Revenge-killing him in Ensenada to avenge the Sprague honor...No mention of the Black Dahlia murder case at all.
Mr. Cohen, you're under arrest.
How's your bullshit now, Mickey?! Today is an auspicious one for the city of Los Angeles.
And you fuck people up for a living.
You're wrong.
Fucking Exley.
They're home with bruises and muscle pulls -- Oh shit...
Fuck you, pendejo .
And fuck your mother too.
(arriving) Stop, Officer!
Do you hate them, Wendell?
(looks away) Yeah, I hate them.
Fucking Exley .
Mowing your fucking lawn?
I think it's Dick Stensland.
Motherfuckers!
So tell me... Is that Dick Stensland?
Hell of a way to avoid a prison sentence.
Get the fuck out of here or I'll call your wife to come get you.
You fuck for money.
When they deserve it.
Shit .
What the fuck are you guys doing here?
Fuck you, Vincennes.
Damnit... What?
Shut up, Carlisle!
This newspaper shit ain't shit.
Get her to the fucking hospital.
Get the fuck away from me.
That's what that fat fuck got.
You don't know what the word means, you dumb bastard.
Sid, cut the crap.
When I was ten, my old man threw a bottle at my mother.
Until he gunned down six people.
Dick Stensland.
Damnit... What ?
What the hell's going on?
Pierce also taught me how to fuck... Can I get you a drink?
Does all that make it harder for you to hate him or easier?
They arrested a Pierce Patchett on an extortion scam.
What's this all about, lad?
He's the opposite of you.
(a beat) You fucked him.
Think, goddamn you.
Meeks gets killed.
Why the fuck are you doing this?
I got a message that... Shit... Come on.
I'm loathe to kill my brother officers, Edmund.
Bad.
And now you hate him.
He keeps me shut up.
What's wrong with that?
Duplicates.
The trip is off.
But we've got to wait.
-- that just because a man has a large office he must be an idiot.
Shut up, baby.
I kept hammering into him that she was with another man, so he'd get into one of his jealous rages, and then I'd tell him where she was.
You go to hell!
What about all these saloons?
You back that Queen again, you Son of a bitch, I'll blow you Right out of that chair!
Hey, Sister Boy! Shut up, Zwing.
They all Hate Mex, but he hates 'em Special.
Oh hell, I Seen him in Bisbee.
(points to whores) That's how come.
I'll be damned...
Now I really hate him.
You know, Frederic-fucking-Chopin. Now that wounds me.
Hell, he can't hit nothin'.
Break it up.
Can you beat it?
The hell you doin' here?
Don't let him- Shut up.
Oh, hell... Well, hello.
Son of a bitch!
Get your God damn hands off me! Don't you ever put your hands on One of us! Don't you ever try to Man-handle a Cowboy!
We'll out Your God damn pimp's heart out!
What's wrong with him?
I'm hit.
I got you now, you son of a bitch!
Now leave me alone.
You filthy whore!
I said hold him, God damn it!
I can't see a damn thing.
No, no, get away, get away from me... Wyatt... Whore!
Filthy whore!
But Where the hell's Wyatt?
Everybody knows They're the ones to blame for Your brothers.
And give 'em hell!
Ride out and Charge and shoot and strike and Cleave and hack and thrust home!
Ain't takin' me alive, damn it!
Die, you Bastard... No...Son of a bitch!
No... Yeah, better run, you bastards!
(pauses, looks at him) I don't want to go to hell.
He killed Curly Bill?
We're gonna kill 'em.
I mean, hell Brother, you feel like ridin' Against Wyatt Earp?
It was wrong.
No, I'm warning you, Sister Boy! Don't try it!
Don't have to bother about that.
And it drives him mad.
Sick mad.
He wants revenge.
Kill 'em! Kill 'em! It's only Four men!
Well hell, Wyatt.
I hate London.
He is curate of the parish, I dare say!
Hot.
It is too ridiculous!
I knew a lady like your sister--the same impulsive sweetness of temper-- who was forced into, as you put it, a better acquaintance with the world.
He is to be an MP, you know, Mrs Dashwood, and it is very fatiguing for him for he is forced to make everybody like him-- he says it is quite shocking-- I never said anything so irrational.
Why should you dislike him?
But why was his manner so guilty?
What else did he tell you... ... you hate weddings, you never go.
Other than that... Come in, and shut the... ... door.
... luckiest guy in the Northern Fucking Hemisphere, is all I'm s... What?
Takes one woman in a billion to put up with his array of shit.
Hate that.
What is this shit?
You don't think he'll be mad.
He'd resent it.
I hate this downsizing shit as much as you do.
I hate this downsizing... (softly) And Kimmy doesn't know.
Why don't you start being honest for one fucking sec... Michael!! (near tears) I am honest!
How inconvenient.
A little bullshit about Daddy's "needs," and presto, I'm a lap dog in high society.
And that is annoying as shit.
If I didn't have to hate her, I'd adore her.
The one you better get the fuck off your third finger left hand.
Shut up, sugar, he's on his way.
Arrested, convicted, put in solitary.
Make a citizen's arrest, I won't struggle.
I want you to quit this shit, it'll kill you.
What the hell are you thinking of, the goddamn wedding is SIX This is her family and her fault.
What with the psychosis and all, yeah.
She's crazy about you.
She's giving up half her life for me, and I'm bitching because it hurts her.
Does that make any sense at all? Jules, what's wrong...
So dumb, in fact, that I can't.
(O.S., sobbing) In here, you bitch!
But I do steal from quality.
Wicked and cruel - you are a slaver - a murderer - I shall tell mother - I hate you John Reed.
I hate you - Jane Eyre adapted by Moira Buffini March 2008 8. Mamma!
I'm sorry to tell you that Jane Eyre is a liar.
You said I was a liar.
How dare you speak in this manner.
It was a catastrophe.
I trust I will not be eating long at your expense, Mr Rivers.
Humbug.
Their expression did not - did not strike delight into my very inmost being so, for nothing.
How the devil are you?
Am I dying?
She sucked the blood.
Such a burden.
Why do you hate her so?
You fury.
I'll never forget how you turned on me and raged.
You cursed me.
My life has been cursed.
You'd experience no pain - but I tell you it would kill me!
He stayed at Thornfield? Didn't leave the house... Shut himself up like a hermit.
My theory is that when Mrs Poole was asleep, having taken too much of the gin and water... ... The mad lady must have stolen her keys and let herself out.
He came tearing around the corner, out of control -- An ER doctor who spends his days saving lives was the one out of control -- (erupting) That asshole smashed in my fucking neck!
Open and shut?
Open and fucking shut ?
Well, fuck you.
Damn it!
What the hell is this doing here?
I didn't mean for you to leave them in the middle of the floor.
How the hell do you know your bank balance right off the top of your head like that?
Damn it!
Well, hell, maybe that's why you all have been so sick -- I thought the same thing, right off the bat.
You got enough damn problems.
It'll ruin my reputation.
Whew! God damn , that's a heavy door.
Damn it, George, I don't ask you to do things like that.
Damn it -- Don't worry about it, I'll get it later.
Now, why in the hell would you assume that?
I hate this music.
But that's not PG&E's fault.
Poor diet, bad genes, irresponsible lifestyle.
When they send the God damn mail clerk down to jerk me off, waste my time, it's a fuck you.
It's called wry neck.
Look, I know you're mad.
And this shit is bad news, Mr. Masry.
With a little effort, I really think we can nail their asses to the wall.
I don't know shit about shit.
But I know the difference -- Damn it.
No, see -- that's exactly what those arrogant PG&E fucks want me to think -- that because they got all this money and power, we don't stand a chance in hell against them.
They're wrong.
(a bad liar) I don't know what you're talking about.
The fuck you don't.
I wanna know how the hell you sleep at night.
Jesus Christ, Ed -- you know, the more I work on this thing, the more I realize what a crock of shit this legal system is.
(quietly) God damn.
Fuck 'em, babe.
Lock the door.
It wouldn't kill you to talk about something other than yourself and your own fucking job once in a while -- What do you want to talk about instead?
Fuck you.
Just cause I don't spend all day trying to prove what hot shit I am -- That is not what I'm -- Bull shit , Erin.
If they've sent that little shmuck Baum again, I'm gonna be real pissed off.
Oh, see, now that pisses me off.
I don't believe this -- I want my fucking money -- (into phone) I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to put you on hold for just one second here -- (puts the call on hold, then, to Erin) Do you mind?
Which I deserve.
I don't have time to deal with -- Fuck you.
Have you ever bothered saying, hey, Erin doesn't get paid the most cause she has the best tits; she gets paid the most cause she's the best God damn employee I've ever had?
That's a fucking fortune, Ed.
They've got the top three floors.
Holy shit.
If you tell me to relax, I'm gonna kick your fucking head off -- Erin, it's just a meeting.
If this piece of shit is supposed to take the place of your respect, you can take it and shove it up your ass.
Holy shit -- Matthew -- Matthew! God damn it, Matthew.
What the hell is meningitis?
Fucking idiot -- Look.
It smells.
But why don't we talk it over a little, cause I'd sure hate for you to turn this down for the wrong reasons.
Leave that alone, we gotta go.
You gonna kill me?
(into phone) Masry & Vititoe, can I -- damn it.
Too goddamn bad.
The fuck is this?
Uh? Fuck.
He looks like a fuckin' loser.
Fuckin' waste of time.
Huh? What's the point of--we all know who was at fault, so what the fuck are you talking about?
Huh? No! What the fuck are you talking--I'm not--we're talking about unchecked aggression here-- What the fuck is he talking about?
This Chinaman who peed on my rug, I can't go give him a bill so what the fuck are you talking about?
What the fuck are you talking about?!
Jeez.
Fuck me! Okay sir, you're a Lebowski, I'm a Lebowski, that's terrific, I'm very busy so what can I do for you?
So where do I fit in?
So you know they were trying to piss on your rug-- Did I urinate on your rug?
Ah fuck it.
I'll suck your cock for a thousand dollars.
It's fucking zero!
Fuckin' A. Strong men also cry. . .
Sent by cowards.
Bummer.
Yeah Dude, why is Walter so pissed off?
Those rich fucks!
This whole fucking thing-- I did not watch my buddies die face down in the muck so that this fucking strumpet-- I don't see any connection to Vietnam, Walter.
The point is-- It's your roll-- The fucking point is-- It's your roll.
Seamus and me, we're gonna fuck you up.
You pull any your crazy shit with us, you flash a piece out on the lanes, I'll take it away from you and stick it up your ass and pull the fucking trigger til it goes "click".
Shit.
The ringer!
Walter--what the fuck are you thinking?
I got to thinking why should we settle for a measly fucking twenty grand-- We?
What the fuck we?
Am I wrong?
This isn't a fucking game, Walter-- It is a fucking game.
You said so yourself, Dude--she kidnapped herself-- Yeah, but-- Dude here.
Shut the fuck up.
Okay, listen-- Dude, are you fucking this up?
The driver man, I told you-- Oh shit.
What the fuck is going on there?
You fucked it up!
You fucked it up!
We're screwed now!
We don't get shit and they're gonna kill her! We're fucked, Walter!
These guys are fucking amateurs-- Shutup, Walter!
Huh? The problem is--what do you mean what's the--there's no--we didn't-- they're gonna kill that poor woman-- What the fuck're you talking about?
I told that fuck down at the league office-- who's in charge of scheduling?
I told that kraut a fucking thousand times I don't roll on shabbas.
Who gives a shit, Walter?
Sheesh.
Dude's car got a little dinged up-- But Walter, we didn't make the fucking hand- off!
They didn't get, the fucking money and they're gonna-- they're gonna-- Yeah yeah, "kill that poor woman."
They're not gonna kill shit.
They're not gonna do shit.
Fuckin' amateurs.
Who's sitting on a million fucking dollars?
Am I wrong?
Walter-- Who's got a fucking million fucking dollars parked in the trunk of our car out here?
My fucking whites--Say, where is the car?
It's been stolen, Walter!
You fucking know it's been stolen!
Stolen cars?
--So he says, "My son can't hold a job, my daughter's married to a fuckin' loser, and I got a rash on my ass so bad I can't hardly siddown.
Fuckin' A, man.
Fuckin' A, man.
Yeah, man! Fuck it!
I can't be worrying about that shit.
Fuck, man!
Where's my goddamn money, you bum?! Well we--I don't-- They did not receive the money, you nitwit!
They did not receive the goddamn money.
Those guys are--we dropped off the damn money-- I--the royal we, you know, the editorial--I dropped off the money, exactly as per--Look, I've got certain information, certain things have come to light, and uh, has it ever occurred to you, man, that given the nature of all this new shit, that, uh, instead of running around blaming me, that this whole thing might just be, not, you know, not just such a simple, but uh--you know?
I got information--new shit has come to light and--shit, man!
Well, okay, you're not privy to all the new shit, so uh, you know, but that's what you pay me for.
Since you have failed to achieve, even in the modest task that was your charge, since you have stolen my money, and since you have unrepentantly betrayed my trust.
How the fuck should I know?
These fucking amateurs.
My point is-- They're gonna kill her, Walter, and then they're gonna kill me-- Well that's just, that's the stress talking, Dude.
Far fuckin' out.
Fucking Germans.
Fucking Nazis.
What're you, a fucking park ranger now?
No, I'm-- Who gives a shit about the fucking marmot!
--We're sympathizing here, Dude-- Fuck your sympathy!
I don't need your sympathy, man, I need my fucking Johnson!
Fuck you, Walter!
Fuck the tournament?! Okay Dude.
The fuck are you talking about?
Jeez.
Delayed after-eff-- I want you to see him immediately.
Fuck Me.
And yet his son is a fucking dunce.
Shut the fuck up, Donny.
We'll get that fucking money, if he hasn't spent it already.
Million fucking clams.
Our fucking troubles are over, Dude.
Fuck me, man!
Wait in the car, Donny.
We know it's his fucking homework, Walter!
Where's the fucking money, you little brat?
We know you stole a car-- And the fucking money!
And the fucking money.
You're gonna KILL your FATHER, Larry!.
This is what happens when you FUCK a STRANGER in the ASS, Larry.
Fucking language problem, Dude.
Well you're right, Walter, and the unspoken Message is FUCK YOU AND LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE. . .
I've had a-- I pull over and kick your ass out, man! --had a rough night, and I hate the fucking Eagles, man-- That's it!
Outta this fucking cab! Jesus.
Bunch of assholes.
I'm real fucking close to your father's money, real fucking close.
Huh? He's fucking loaded.
Hence the slut.
Jeez.
Walter, if you're there, pick up the fucking phone.
It is a fucking emergency.
Get out of that fucking car, man!
Who the fuck are you, man!
Who the fuck are you?
Irish m--What the fuck are you talking about?
Shit yeah!
You're fucking Polish Catholic-- What the fuck are you talking about?
And you were divorced five fucking years ago.
I'm as Jewish as fucking Tevye It's just part of your whole sick Cynthia thing.
Taking care of her fucking dog.
Going to her fucking synagogue.
You're living in the fucking past.
What the hell happened?
Who'm I? I'm a fucking VETERAN!
He's very angry!
I say I entrusted the money to you, and you stole it.
Look at that fucking phony, Dude! Pretending to be a fucking millionaire!
A fucking goldbricker.
This guy fucking walks.
Walk, you fucking phony!
Put me down, you son of a bitch!
We call your fucking bluff!
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Shit, sorry man.
You won't leave a man his fucking balls!
Walter, you fuck!
Shit, Dude, I didn't know.
I wouldn't've done it if I knew he was a fucking crybaby.
Shit.
I mean 'Nam was a foot soldier's war whereas, uh, this thing should be a fucking cakewalk.
I mean I had an M16, Jacko, not an Abrams fucking tank.
That's fuckin' combat.
Worthy fuckin' adversary.
Fucking nihilist.
We're scattering the fucking ashes!
Shit, I'm sorry Dude.
Goddamn wind.
You fucking asshole!
You make everything a fucking travesty!
Dude, I'm sorry-- What the fuck does Vietnam have to do with anything!
What the fuck were you talking about?! Shit Dude, I'm sorry-- You're a fuck, Walter!
Awww, fuck it Dude.
I stole em from her beginnin in about sixth grade.
Hell, peanut, you stuck with me after I planted Bob Ray Lemon.
And my mama never knew nothin about me and him - thats for damn sure.
You want me to shoot Sailor in the brains with a gun.
Wrong!
You give me your permission to kill Johnnie Farragut.
You fucker, dont you ever touch Lula - You fucker, Ill kill you.
You look like a clown in that stupid jacket.
...Asshole.
(as he moves toward the Idiot Punk) Come here.
Hell, you just rubbed up against the wrong girl is all.
Dont the reject guys get anythin?
You tell the boy who knocked you up?
Well, she wants to fuck you.
Take a picture, bitch... Itll last longer.
Dont ask me to suck you.
Life is a bitch and then you marry one.
But there is not much to destroy.
And I swear, you got the sweetest cock.
Hell, RWW was doin them a service, and they charged me with endangerin the public.
Theyre useless pests.
Mariettas real upset about it.
Hell, that rings a bell.
Stop! Stop the car now!
(laughs) Hell, its even worse than I remember... Wait a minute... Okay, gimmee nother kiss, Reggie bfore I fuck ya right now... (she opens her mouth with her tongue sticking out) You think you gonna live through this night?... YOU WRONG...
I go out now... SO FUCKIN FUCKA.
(counting fast) One ... two ... three ... four ... five ... GETTIN TOO FUCKIN HOT, REGGIE... FEELIN MYSEF ... six ... seven ... eight... Nine... (she moves out of the way) Sure is a big deal round here... Alamo Road, Alamo Street, Alamo Square, Alamo Buildin, Alamo Alamo.
The bad side of it is I did some drivin for a man named Marcello Santos... Oh shit...
You upset with me?
Susan Day... Robert Brenton, that dumb fuck.
That stupid shit...
That fuckin Bob was so fuckin dumb...
That asshole.
Dont mind if I fuckin do... Speakin a Jack... One-eyed Jacks yearnin to go a peepin in a seafood store... Good meetin you.
You really are one dumb asshole.
And youll know I mean business when it comes to fuckin.
Bobby Peru grab you now... Hold you tight... Feel everythin in you now... Stay quiet... Say fuck me and then Ill leave.
(struggling) No way... GET OUT!!! Say it!... ILL TEAR YOUR FUCKIN HEART OUT, GIRL... Say fuck me soft - then Ill leave.
Say fuck me... Whisper it... Then Ill leave... Say it... Say it - Say it - Say it... Say it... Then Ill leave... Whisper it... Whisper it... Whisper it... Whisper fuck me... Whisper it... Whisper fuck me... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper... Whisper... (whispers) Fuck me.
Hes a stone fuckin criminal, honey, and you aint.
I killed Bob Ray Lemon, didnt I? That was a accident.
I bet both our asses Bobby Peru done murdered all kinds of people, and meant it, too.
Was a massacre.
I hate that its bad for you.
Shit, shit, shit.
Shit, man... Marietta says you been tryin to fuck her in the toilets for the past ten minutes...
You crazy fuckin bad boy tryin to fuck your girls mama... How do you think that cute little cunt Lula would feel about that?
Hey, take a look at this... (shows Sailor one thousand dollars in cash) Marietta just gave me this to kill you right now, and afterward she said Lula was mine to fuck all the way into next Sunday.
Wish Id fuckin cut you up good.
That bother you?
Give me a minute and Ill quit.
You had enough, asshole?
Goddam!
What the hell ... ?
Goddam it.
Goddam fucking city!
Fuck off! Mind your own business!
What's wrong?
Hot.
Goddamn it!
(lifting the man up) What the hell do you think you're doing?
What's wrong?
You can't spend two years in Vietnam ... (annoyed) What does that have to do with anything?
The battle of heaven and hell they call it.
(continuing) Goddamn you son-of-a-bitch!
Damn it.
That's ridiculous.
I'm going out of my fucking mind here.
Goddamn it!
Go to hell! Go to hell, goddamn you!
Shit, you'd think it was my fault.
What the hell are you doin'?
Goddamn it.
You're red hot, damn it.
Lie down! (pleading) Jezzie!
Get the hell off me.
Let go of me, you sons of bitches.
Goddamn you! (his hand turning red) Sam, I can't take it.
Stop! Damn!
Bust your balls!
I don't give a shit.
Goddamn it!
You son-of-a- bitch, I'm talking to you.
Oh shit.
You son-of-a-bitch, how the hell are you?
Shit, Paul.
He was upset.
He told me he was going to Hell.
Shit!
We've got six guys here going fucking crazy.
Fuck it man, we need to find out what's going on.
If they're hiding shit from us, we better find out what it is.
You guys are fucking paranoid.
Shit!
Goddamn it.
What the hell?
I'm hanging up.
Shit! Geary!
Listen, goddamn it!
Now leave me alone.
They've fucked with my head.
What the hell's gotten into you?
You slimy bastard!
You goddamn piece of shit!
What an appropriate name for a man who can't keep his mouth shut.
Let it lie.
That's a lie.
(yelling at the ORDERLY) What is this, the Inquisition?
What the hell do you think ... ?
Morale was down.
Hell, you remember.
It was fierce.
But there was an attack.
I had a hell of a time getting hold of your records.
We can kill them off, chemically speaking.
(he glares at her) Who are you?
(continuing) Who the hell are you?
Why won't you answer me? (angry) Cause you know goddamn well who I am.
You know goddamn well what I mean.
You're out of your fucking mind.
Go to Hell.
(furious) You son-of-a-bitch.
You look upset.
(angry) I'm not upset.
Goddamn it.
Come and lie down.
(growing angry) Where's West?
Stop it, Jez.
What's the damage?
How the hell did this happen?
Can't we -- Brad enters and Tom shuts up.
Pound it!
Bill, you've got to shut this down, now.
It is spray-painted graffiti-style, and reads: "BILL GLUCKMAN'S DOWN WITH THE BITCHES AND Brad looks on proudly; Tom closes his eyes, a migraine kicking in.
An angry mob of women chase the limo as it backs down the driveway full speed.
(stunned, hollow) Bill Gluckman's down with the bitches and ho's'?
(losing temper) Dammit, Brad, stop acting like a gang member.
Bill sits back, frustrated.
Damn.
MUSIC: PUBLIC ENEMY'S "Fight The Power" KICKS IN as we -- Brad, followed by his crew, exit, ready for battle.
Yo, fool!
Shut up, stupid.
You'll get some real money so you can quit this minimum wage crap and start up your business.
What the hell is that?
You hate it?
PJ and Sean, now in full gangsta gear, practice their pimp struts... Sean and PJ stand side by side in front of a full-length mirror, practicing making angry faces and pulling guns from their pants, as we... His face filled with rage.
Brad slaps down the winner; points at Monster.
Yo, what up, fool?
Hell yeah.
Damn.
Damn.
Move! Shondra?! Shut up, fool!
I think I'm gonna throw up.
They throw Brad in the car and get in.
A hand slaps a domino violently down next to the pager as we... Monster has just slammed down the winner, and the PAGER with Brad's message flies off the table and SHATTERS on the floor.
You ain't got the bizalls, bitch!
Dang!
Oh damn, it's on now!
The ESCALADE pulls into Shondra's driveway and SCREECHES to a stop.
Dang.
God damn!
What the hell makes you think you know what's goin' down in the 'hood?!
Did you buy my rage?
(incredulous) What?
Come on, y'all, quit hatin'.
This ain't a picnic, bitch!
You about to go up in there and give this Korean bitch yo ends?
You jack that shit.
Oh damn.
He's very soft-spoken, almost expressionless.
None of your damn bizness, Tec.
Damn, man.
Damn Shondra, where's the fire at? (fishing in her bag) You're going home.
I could drive a mad '63 El Camino with 43-inch gold-plated dubs and a trunk full o' bitches?
Damn.
(getting angry) What-ever.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
If Mr. Governor wants to see his punk bitch son alive again I'm gonna need five hundred grand by tomorrow midnight.
What the hell's going on?
God damn that hurts!!!
You heard me, you half-steppin' moist-ass bitch!
Then do it or I'll do it myself (unnerved) Brotha straight-up crazy, and I cannot deal with that shit.
What the hell we gonna do?
Punks.
He's shooting the hell out of South Central.
Monster pulls a scuba divers' spear gun from the bag.
(off their looks) Come on, man, pirates used that shit.
Shut up! Damn posers!
Hell yes, chicken.
That's the same damn line he used on me, and now this no good deadbeat weak-ass white boy won't take care of little Malik.
Shut up, Shondra!
Oh, damn... Why'd you play me, huh?
Look, fool, this may sound stupid to you, but not everybody has money, and to people that don't, money is important!
That's the rage I was talking about.
Damn fool!
Don't anybody know where the driveway's at?! Damn! (freaking out) Better step, y'all, or I'ma have to waste all y'all up in this piece!
That's bullshit, Pops.
I know my rights, man, and these fools drove two damn cars into my house, then they blew the shit up!
He waves grumpily as we... SUPERIMPOSE: While waiting for his rap career to kick in, Brad invested his trust fund into a business that made sense.
I think that was the Bitches' name, yeah... Would you care for a wiener?
What did I tell you about bothering the guests?
Last time I was here, y'all threw my ass out.
Damn!
Why did you fucking invite Tony Levin?
What do you smell?
Now we smell again.
Jack, she's a fucking waitress in Buellton.
I hate Tony Levin.
We're here to forget about all that shit.
We're here to party! (undeterred) I'm going to be a fucking pariah.
Plus Tony fucking Levin?
Behind my back?
Stephanie, holy shit.
She's a fucking hottie.
(slapping his menu shut) Me too.
How the hell are you?
What the fuck, man?
Fucking Maya, man.
What is this morose come-down bullshit?
And what was that fucking ten-minute lecture on, what was it, Vouvrays?
Shut your face.
(tearing) Here.
And it tastes so fucking good.
Fucking chick is unbelievable.
Goddamn, Miles, she is nasty.
Fucks different.
(a drag off her cigarette, then to Stephanie) Your father knew it too, but he was a fucking chickenshit.
But you wanted to fuck me first.
Let's leave it alone.
You're fucking me up.
Yeah, that's... Shut up! Shut up, Jack! Don't answer it.
The world doesn't give a shit what I have to say.
You fucking bastard!
Lying piece of shit!
You fuck!
You fucking told Maya, didn't you?
I'm fucking hurting here.
Then they break it again.
Gonna fuck that up too.
(disgusted) Yeah.
I hate this place.
I'm really pissed off at you about all this, if you want to know the truth.
Fuck you.
You don't think I fuck you, bitch?
I'll fuck you.
You picked him up and you fucked him, didn't you, bitch?
I picked him up and I fucked him.
And you liked fucking him, didn't you, you fat little whore?
I liked it when you caught me fucking him.
The fuck was that?
Open the goddamn door!
You motherfuckers!
I'll kill you motherfuckers!
You fucking did it!
In fact, after your bullshit, it's going to be hard for me to even go to the Hitching Post again.
What's wrong?
What the fuck!
What the fuck!
You fucking derelict.
Oh, fuck!
You are so damn sexy.
You think I'm nuts?
You lying sleazeball!
You're upset.
I hate to.
Get lost!
Screw you!
Are you nuts?
You'd lose.
(to Eddie) I hate you.
Fuck-me pumps.
Shoplifting.
But I'm going insane!
You son-of-a-bitch!
She hates my guts!
It's upsetting.
You're a ringer.
Through blasphemy?
Get the hell out of here.
Rude shocks.
I'm deserting them.
Lightning.
Thunder.
We're losing it.
Who gives a damn?
Are you nuts?
They're intolerable.
The louder he yells the higher his price.
Shut up! (shouting back at Sadie) Shut up yourself!
My feet are killing me.
How was he? Noisy?
That's the object.
These are serious charges that Judge Stanton has given to the press.
It's a waste of time.
Shut up! Go ahead, ask him.
Shut up! Ask him!
That's bad.
Shut up! Get that man out of here!
Atta boy... get mad.
Leave him alone.
Willie, stop.
Blackmail?
Come on, he's your roommate.
Me. (still annoyed by what the coach said) What?
How'd you swing that?
It's not the bible, you're not going to go to hell for this.
What the hell is going on here?
When they realize they're not Rembrandts, Shakespeares or Mozarts, they'll hate you for it.
Neil, Neil! Oh shut up, will you.
Break out!
What's he mumbling?
What's wrong?
Damn it.
Leave him alone!
Goddamn!
Chet, stop it!
Chris, get the hell away from him!
If you think, Mr. Dalton, that you're the first to try to get thrown out of this school, think again.
You kicked out?
Damn it, Neil.
And here my mistress.
Then by your side no bed-room me deny; For lying so, Hermia, I do not lie Lysander riddles very prettily: Now much beshrew my manners and my pride, If Hermia meant to say Lysander lied.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
Expelled.
(the fuck?) ... Stardate?
His angrier, redneckier UNCLE FRANK following.
Do as you're told! (to Jim) -- what the hell are you doing?
How many damn times do I need to repeat myself?! How many damn times?
He speeds toward the edge -- CLOSER -- CLOSER -- but at the last second, Kirk SLAMS the brake -- the car SKIDS -- PIVOTS -- and he LEAPS FROM THE CAR, WHICH SAILS SIDEWAYS OFF THE CLIFF EDGE -- FALLING... falling... the COP comes to QUICK a STOP in CLOUDS of DUST as the Corvette EXPLODES The angry Cop hops off his hovercruiser, hand on weapon, as Jim Kirk, out of breath, exhilarated, gets to his knees.
And as our MUSIC BUILDS we CUT TO: CONSTANT SHOCKS OF LIGHT as an ALIEN PRISONER -- intelligent, bi- pedal, but with FOUR TERRIFIED EYES -- is SLAMMED DOWN onto the wet pavement -- a CHOKE STICK SHOVED under his chin -- then: VOICES.
Off Kirk, brooding... CORN STALKS whipping by -- Kirk on his SPOKELESS MOTORCYCLE rocketing across the plains -- his soul's been stirred and he's fighting it -- he cranks it, ELECTRIC ENGINE SCREAMING -- Kirk pulls up to us, kills the bike.
I think these things're pretty safe-- Don't pander to me, kid: one tiny crack in the hull and our blood boils in thirteen seconds -- solar flare might crop up, cook us in our seats -- Hell, some of the damn passengers are blue.
I hate to break this to you, but Starfleet operates in space.
Yeah, well my ex-wife took the whole damn planet in the divorce, I got nowhere to go but up.
Jim Kirk-- you really gonna throw up--?
We happen to find GAILA, in the crowd, fucking pissed.
The first punch by Spock that landed.
Your father, Lieutenant George Kirk, had assumed command of his vessel before killed in action, did he not?
Shit.
I've simply made the logical deduction that you're a liar.
What an idiot I am for taking that personally -- Agreed.
And Kirk sees... no matter how subtly... that he has fucking made CONTACT.
PIKE passes by him, all fucking business, but before he goes -- Cheating isn't winning.
T'nag!
WEAPONS BAY: TRACKING DOWN rows of PHOTON TORPEDOES stacked for war -- WEAPONS OFFICERS arming the cannons.
How the hell would I know?
Come here -- Jim -- don't move -- -- ow! Stop it!
It's because they're being attacked.
Destroy it, too.
Are you nuts?! Energize -- Spock--!
Nero, who has destroyed my home planet.
Why waste a weapon?
The destruction of my home planet.
And how the hell did they do that by the way?
Then what would an angry future Romulan want with Captain Pike?
Your mother's name is Winona -- you were born in 2233 -- Stop.
(beat, beat, beat) Bullshit.
You hate me.
Unfortunately... before I could begin the mission... the supernova destroyed Romulus.-- and suddenly we're OUT OF THE MIND MELD as KIRK GRABS SPOCK Nero's planet was destroyed-- Yes.
619 states that any commanding officer who is emotionally compromised by the mission at hand... must resign said command.
Does that frustrate you?
My lack of cooperation... does it make you angry?
Anger.
Now we've got no Captain and no first officer to goddamn replace him.
Where the hell'd you get trans-warp technology?yeah, you know that's complicated Do I look simple to you?! I'm a PhD in astrophysics, I think I can handle it -- how'd you get back?
But you are wrong.
We will return to Romulus when the Federation lies in ruins and not a moment before.
(a touch insecure) Mine had a gun.
Blame the damn post office.
(to Richard) Your damn computers put me out of business.
You're a billionaire, and I'm a goddamn failure.
I vant to suck your blood.
I also vant to suck your Twinkie.
Am I dead?
You hate them anyway.
This is crazy.
She hates them.
You're dead!
Why do guys do such stupid things?
What are you shooting for?
(beat) I couldn't sleep so I thought I'd scream Betrayed by a kiss, sucking pods of bitterness.
Damn that Charlie I It's not Charlie.
And I still had hell to pay.
Do you know how ridiculous you sound?
The hat business is in trouble.
But when John F. Kennedy's elected President, men'1l stop wearing hats.
Nixon wears hats.
That loudmouthed little bitch~ Peggy Sue!
(urgent) Oh shit!
(screams) Oh!
I hate you.
What the hell did you do that for?
Who the hell are you to plan my life?
You're crazy!
Little shits.
Ho-Lee-Shit.
Aw shit.
Shit.
Shit.
Where the hell'd he go?
Shit.
As he turns, Ellis PUNCHES him in the face.
Holy shit Pryor, get off your ass.
Son of a bitch...Ellis?
Shit.
We gotta warn him.
Frustrated.
Lock the door.
The door slams shut.
He's displeased.
Got smacked for it.
Brother of the man I shot.
This shit took mine.
That'd bout do it.
What the hell have you been doing?
Lie to me again.
If you can steal a man's life out from under him in front of your son and think he won't take a lesson from it than you're even dumber than you look.
I was so angry the tips of my ears were burnin'.
What'd she... Ellis punches Mud with as much force as he can muster.
Wolf's eye bullshit.
LIE!
He SLIPS.
Shit.
He looks to the flat-bottom tied at the far edge of the boat.
Senior cocks his pistol The front door is KICKED open.
It's ridiculous.
I've been lying down enough.
Fit?
The pink one with the -- Shit.
(frustrated) Robert, we're losing her.
We're losing her.
I just have this feeling... this annoying... bloody feeling that if... if, somehow, Pilgrim can be made all right... then so can Grace.
(reading) ... after left, stay on main road until rise, then... (frustrated) What bloody rise?!? What main road!? Can we take a look at Bronty's foal when we're done here, Dad? Sure.
Whenever you're free.
It's got doors, Diane.
He woke up, finished putting on the tire and drove himself to the hospital.
What the hell does that mean?
I'm going to shut my eyes here for a little while.
That's YOUR fork, ya idiot!
You shut up, stupid!
You're the one who's stupid -- letting her go and fall off your horse!!
You little shit!
Little shit!
You... not wanting to go home because you hate daddy so much.
What?! (they stop) Grace, do what I'm telling you.
Was the trip okay?
Because I prefer the cool, clean sweep of the tempered steel as it glides smoothly -- Stop writing advertising copy!
If we're going to eliminate anything, we'll lose that ridiculous play room in the basement with that great big poker table.
(reading) "Censure Vote Passed re Destruction of Famed Hackett Edifice."
And he wants them now! (appalled) Now?! You've got ten days.
It's not Bill, it's the house you're upset about.
(takes the sheet) I'm getting to be an old hand at this sort of -- Jumping H. Mahogany --!! Now obviously these bids are way out of line, that is, all except John Retch and Son at twenty-one thousand.
That's bad.
That's bad?
That's bad?
The door blew shut.
Ridiculous.
(listens a moment) But that's ridiculous.
Jim! That's right, I've resigned!
I hate it!
(explosively) It's a conspiracy, I tell you, a conspiracy against every man and woman who want a home of their own!
I said, shut up, bitch!
You told her -- (nodding at Agent Cerrone) You told her at the drop of a hat.
Get him to do 'Officer Krupke.'
(enraged) You fucking son-of-a-bitch!
Where the fuck do you get off sticking me with a needle?
I was singin' West Side Story for three fuckin' days.
You're my fuckin' doctor!
You hated him anyway.
Fuckin' Calabrese -- animals.
It's the fall of the fuckin' Roman Empire.
So let him get his own fuckin' girl.
Minding my own fuckin' business, like you should be doin'.
I think you're jealous.
(screaming) Go to hell, Paul!
Get out of here, you crazy fuckin' whore.
Who am I? I'm the guy who's paying you $150 an hour to play these stupid fuckin' games.
That's enough of that shit.
A wonderful woman, my mother, but she fuckin' hates the Hebes.
(shouts anxiously) If you screw this up, Paul -- Paul! (angrily) Shit! Shit, shit, shit!
(brightening) Hey, what is this -- a fuckin' funeral here?
Now take a hike, you fuckin' deadbeats.
(calls after them) Get a Hyundai! (distraught) I can't deal with this shit.
My grades suck, I'm gettin' in fights every day, and if I get suspended again my mother's gonna fuckin' kill me -- if the nuns don't kill me first.
(to Vitti) The hell you are.
The sword is my cock and I can't get it up, but that ain't it.
That nine-to-five bullshit -- I'll fuckin' kill myself if I have to do that for the rest of my life.
What the fuck is that?
(jumps up, in a total rage) Hey, I'm doing the best I can!
(shouts) Down!!! (to Vitti) What the hell was that?
(wide-eyed) Holy fucking shit.
Fuck you.
Fuck me?
What the hell happened to you? Vitti threw me off a roof.
Twenty fuckin' years we been doin' this.
This is ridiculous.
(delighted) Are you shitting me?
I'm getting a fuckin' headache here.
That's a Zamboni, asshole.
How much you make shootin' craps?
I mean, tell me -- was she angry?
And don't give that decongestant multi-vitamin bullshit.
I'm gonna say that's none of his fuckin' business.
(shouting back at the Mercedes) It's a goddamn lease!
What the fuck are you doing?
(irritated) Okay, you can cut that shit out right now.
Okay, you can cut that shit out right now.
(menacing) Hey, I'm serious, asshole!
Hey, I'm serious, asshole!
(irritated) Jelly!
(stops Vitti) Let's do what?
Get the fuck out of here.
Okay, this is big and we only get one shot at it; and there's only about a million ways this fuckin' thing can go bad, so listen up.
What the fuck is this?
(quietly, to Ben) If we can, I'm gonna get you out before the real shit goes down.
What are you, fucking Jiminy Cricket?
Say one more word about my father and I'll break your fuckin' head.
Shit! Ow! (shouts) Get the ramp!
(flipping out) What did I do?
I blame myself for this.
He was an asshole -- you said it yourself.
I'm grieving for myself, you fucking idiot!
Did he grab your balls?
You were fuckin' John Wayne.
I feel like shit.
You turn out a piece of shit like Bluntman and Chronic'.
You're such a bitch!
I schooled their asses, now I'm schooling your's.
You know it was those two fucks!
But like my grandmother always said - Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.. and break their window.'
This shit's awesome.
Check this shit.
Shut the fuck up!
Now what the fuck do you call that!
You didn't tell me you were going to scream Black Rage'.
I need to sell the image to sell the book Would the audience still buy the Black Rage' angle if they found out the book was written by a.. a... Faggot.
She still gets mad when it ends with my act.
Hey, jealousy.
(sips his drink) Shut the fuck up.
Archie was the bitch and Jughead was the butch - that's why Jughead wears that crown-looking hat all the time: he the king, of queen Archie's world.
Man, I feel a hate-crime coming on He's got a point.
I told you to watch it with that Urkel shit.
You ever seen a nun call a small child a fucking cunt-rag'?
Archie is not fucking Mister Weatherbee! Deny, deny, deny.
(shoves book at him) Fuck this.
(beat) Mister Weatherbee wasn't really trying to fuck Archie, was he! Hell no.
Weatherbee was Reggie's bitch.
Listen, I know how you burb-fiends hate the city, but there's a club shindig going down that I think you'd get into.
Taking a piss.
My best friend fucked a dead guy in the back room.
Damn!
And she used to subject us to these throaty renditions of Debbie Gibson tunes and shit, insisting that we let her front on a few numbers.
Well, we didn't and she quit.. and then she got famous, the bitch.
Don't be such a rag.
I have to sit here and work up the desire to fuck you later.
You said 'fuck'.
You said you'd 'fuck' her.
How can a girl 'fuck' another girl!
Then what's with saying 'fuck?
Let me ask you a question - can men 'fuck' each other!
So for you, to 'fuck' means to penetrate.
(laughs) 'Fucking' is nor limited to penetration, Banky.
I don't love Kim, but I'll fuck her.
It got to be too frustrating.
As stupid as you usually come off during this diatribe of your's, you're going to come off ten times as stupid on this occasion.
What?! I lost my tolerance for the bullshit baggage that comes with eating girls out.
What?!? Are you out of your fucking mind!
( to Holden) You are out of your fucking mind, aren't you!
I know this sounds pretentious as hell, but I like to think of us as artists.
In fact, fuck it - you're leaving some of this shit here in a locker.
(pulls out a huge stack of porno books) Who are you, Larry fucking Flynt?
Shit.
Well this sucks.
Fucking kids.
You're going to treat her right, fuck her like a stud, and 'straight-jacket' her back from the land of the lost.
(to Woman) You're such an asshole.
Why not just walk up there and put it in the fifty every time?
Throw it underhand.
(throws a ball) So your friend's quite the homophobe.
Everytime he swore - when his players messed up, he called them cocksuckers, he referred to the players as queers, he called you a cock-teaser...
It says he gets too easily frustrated.
Leave it alone.
(off game) Fucking faggot!
What the fuck is going on here?
(smacking pencil away) Not with this shit!
What the fuck is going on with you and that girl?
Here's my comment fuck you.
That was so unfair.
It's unfair that you felt the fucking need to unburden your soul about it.
Do you remember for a fucking second who I am? So?
I can't just get into a relationship with you without throwing my whole fucking world into upheaval!
That's my couch you were fucking on.
(beat) Shit.
Shit.
But you know what the crazy bitch did?
She fucking drops to her knees, and just starts sucking him off right in front of me!
But that's not the fucked up part - the fucked up part was Rick, man - right in the middle of it, he turns to me and he's pointing at her and he says "Cohee."
She's all wet and shit, and I just went to work, know what I'm saying?
Me and Rick are going to town on this crazy bitch, and she's just loving it, all moaning and shit!
It was fucked up!
So Rick's the one that came up with the nickname - 'cuz that day, she had us locked in tight from both sides - like a pair of goddamn Chinese finger cuffs!
He's full of shit.
And the fact that you even bought it for a second makes you look like an idiot.
I'm getting your back, asshole!
I give a shit what people think.
(grabs his coat) You're such a fucking asshole.
But Derris is an arch fucking bush-man!
And I'm telling you, the bitch could be a bigger fucking germ farm than that monkey in 'Outbreak'!
Do you hear me?! I'm tired of this shit!
She's my goddamn girlfriend, do you understand?! Show her a little fucking respect!
And if you ever even so much as mention that Alyssa looks a little peaked from now on, I'll put your fucking teeth down your throat!
Where's that bitch partner of your's been?
It was? Shit, damned if I can remember.
Rick pulled his dick out?
What'd you do? (looks him dead in the eye) I blew him while Cohee fucked me.
Who the fuck do you think you are, you judgemental prick?! How am I supposed to feel about all of this?
Feel what ever the fuck you want about it!
They fucking used you?
Maybe you knew early on that your track was from point 'a' to 'b' - but unlike you I wasn't given a fucking map at birth, so I tried it all!
Can't you take some fucking comfort in that?
You turned out to be all I was ever looking for - the missing piece in the big fucking puzzle!
What the fuck is your problem?!?
Man, this likeness rights shit is more profitable than selling smoke.
Speaking of which... (pulls out a dime bag) Little signing bonus and shit!
(Silent Bob hits him) Fuck us.
That show's good as hell.
Banky on the rag?
Enough of this fucking melodrama.
(to Silent Bob) Get up, bitch (to Holden) We gotta book.
I'll be glad as shit when it's gone.
But it ain't like us at all - all slapsticky and shit - running around like dicks, saying... What's that shit you got me saying?
(slaps him) Knock it off!
(under his breath) Jedi-bitch.
I know you're wondering why I asked you both here tonight, at the same time, knowing that we have shit to settle between us, separately.
I just figured you wanted to kill two birds with one stone by telling her to fuck off with me here so you didn't have to go through the story again later on.
Fuck you.
You hate me dating Alyssa and you want me to sign off on this M-TV thing.
Who the hell are you?
(lightly) Well that's a hell of a how-do-you- do.
(flat) That's my brother.
He's dead.
I got five bucks says he doesn't.
I'm finished... Hungry, Goodall?
Screw you!
It was a stupid stunt.
Don't ever call me stupid.
And I don't give a shit what old Ahab up there thinks either.
Shit?!!! Read for me please the words of Mr. Keats at the bottom of the page.
Shut up donut.
(ranting) Awe.
I slipped.
Bunch of wusses, I swear...! Son of a bitch!! Come in.
Absa-fuckin-lutely.
That's what they get for not locking the door.
Did you shut the door at least?
I'd say, fuck off junior.
Depths of hell... Ohio.
How 'bout you?
I was falling... Hey, shut up will ya?
Son-of-a-bitch.
Look! Holy shit!
What the hell is going on?
You made me come!! Will you shut up?
Who the hell checked the mooring?
How the hell are we gonna get outta here?
Nobody calls me an idiot.
God damn it man.
Shut up, Phil.
(hushed) Shut up!
To take a piss.
Get the fuck outta my way!
What the hell!!! Takin' a piss?
Yes you do, stupid.
Cut it out man!! Stop it!!! What's the matter with you?
You get caught cheating, you'll get kicked off the boat.
I cheated to get on the boat!!!
Shit, who am I kidding.
What the hell is it, this captain?
Guilty.
What the hell happened to him.
(shouting) Jesus, we're Americans!!! We're Americans!!! Jesus, they're gonna sink us!! Bill drop everything.
(hitting each word) Who the hell do they think they are?
So, let the festivities begin... Hell is to drift, heaven to steer!
Hell is to drift, heaven to steer!! Hell is to drift, heaven to steer!!
How'd you manage to piss off a guy as powerful as Francis Boutillier?
It was an act of stupidity.
(screaming) Was it my fault we were running all that sail?! Was it my fault she wasn't dogged down?!! HUH?!!
I couldn't help that the ballast shifted...! You son of a bitch!!
Is it true that the reason you expelled Philip Boutillier... (cutting him off) For killing a dolphin.
(to Mike) What the hell?
You fucking bitch -- you fucking whore -- Turn the fucking thing off -- You all right?
Fucking animal.
Fucking do.
I seen your fucking face.
That bitch -- She's a friend of mine Okay.
I'm saying what the fuck am I doing here anyway.
I'm looking at her saying I don't like you, bitch.
But what the fuck.
My daddy had me throwing googlies from the age of five.
So when you come to shoot me, Paddy, remember, you're getting rid of a shit- hot bowler.
For fuck's sake, it's got no major diseases.
Shut up, would you?
What the fuck is this?
Keep your fucking mouth shut.
Not the only one -- Shut up, Jude.
Shut the fuck up, Jude.
But if I did... you wouldn't shoot a brother in the back -- You stupid bastard -- What you say, faster?
Jim, Pat, Mick, what the fuck.
Got the money, Dil? Fuck off, Dave.
You fucking promised.
You fucking did.
Don't be like that -- You heard me -- Got very fucking grand, haven't we -- Talk to me, you stupid bitch -- Hi.
Who the fuck is he?
(from the ground) Cunt.
Scrag-eyed dyke cunt.
Fucking dumb dyke carrot cunt.
They're jealous.
Piss off, Dave! Tough guy, huh?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Hey, Stirling fucking Moss -- It's Dave.
Fuck off back to Essex! Fucking mad! Don't chuck my clothes out!
Take your fucking goldfish, too!
You fucking bitch!
Murderer!
How'd he drive with his neck in a brace?
He's dead.
He was a soldier.
Fuck off, Dave.
Stop it, Dil -- No. Tell him to go fuck himself.
She wants me to tell you go fuck yourself.
Tell him again, Col. Go fuck himself -- How much did that frame cost, Mr. Franknum?
Leave me alone, Jude.
Fuck me, Fergus.
You fucking tell me, boy -- She's nobody.
Fuck it, is what I say.
Fuck it, Dil.
Fucking men, Col -- Fuck 'em.
And I don't want to get fucking emotional -- you understand, Hennessy?
Fuck you, too -- Leave him alone, Peter.
And you know what'll happen if you fuck up again, don't you?
Shouldn't be, Dil Why shouldn't I be jealous?
Dil? Dil! Dil! What the fuck are you doing here?
Give it over, Dil, for fuck's sake -- Sorry.
Your soldier.
You killed my Jody?
You killed my Jody No.
What the fuck -- So tell me what you're doing, Jimmy.
Where the fuck is he?
You don't know what you're doing, Dil -- Never did... Give me the shooter, Jude -- You're crazy -- Give me the fucking shooter!
You stupid shit -- Once was bad enough.
You sick bitch -- You was there, wasn't you?
Mommy says stupid is as stupid does.
Okay! Run! Run, you stupid son-of-a-bitch!
You stupid son-of-a-bitch!
He must be the stupidest son-of-a- bitch alive.
We hereby denounce and forbid this illegal and unwarranted action by the central government.
Not raccoons, you idiot, niggas.
A few years later, that angry little man at the schoolhouse door thought it would be a good idea, and ran for President.
Forrest, stop it!
What the hell is going on here?
What in the hell, git, would you git away from me! Don't... Wait a second!
Nobody gives a hunk of shit who you are, fuzzball!
If it wouldn't be a waste of such a damn fine enlisted man, I'd recommended you for O.C.S., Private Gump.
And she was thrown out of school.
Man, what the hell's going on?
You dink son-of-a-bitch!
I didn't ask you to pull me out of there, goddamn you!
What the hell do you think you're going?
Gump, how can you watch that stupid shit?
You cheated me.
And you cheated me out of it!
In Vietnam war... Hey, what the hell are you doing?
Forrest Gump! Forrest Gump! (screaming) Forrest!
Shut that blind, man.
You are a fucking asshole!
Sucking it dry.
What a crock of shit.
Down below us, well over a hundred thousand people are milling about, cheering with horns and whistles and hats... What the hell's in Bayou La Batre?
Who gives a shit about shrimpin' boats?
Hey! Don't call him stupid!
You shut up! Don't you ever call him stupid!
Get the hell out of here!
You stupid gimp.
We don't need this shit!
You freak!
Stupid is as stupid does, Mrs. Blue.
Stupid is as stupid does, sir.
Okay, so I was wrong.
Where the hell's this God of yours?
But Lieutenant Dan, he was mad.
Blow, you son-of-a-bitch!
When I got hungry, I ate.
I'll be damned.
What? (shouting) What?
Ah, shit,--how old are you?
Got drunk as hell the night before.
I'm warning ya.
What's wrong with you!
What's wrong?
Go to hell.
You shut up! Lost her again.
You creep, fink, son-of-a-bitch-- Help, wait!
Get out--get out of my car--I hate you!
Oh shit--there!! Wait! Went to a dance lookin' for romance.
Watch out--damn it!
Draggin' with five kids in the car, how dumb can you get?
The idiot had torched the spindles to lower the front end and it snapped right off.
Too bad.
Oh, this is gonna strike a raw nerve, mama.
I hate it.
What're you punks doing?
You with these punks?
That's terrible.
What's a Field Car? Field Cars drive through the fields, dropping cow shit all over the place to make the lettuce grow.
What they call that--sorta a cross between Piss Yellow and Puke Green, ain't it?
She's got you so brainwashed--well, hell.
Oh boy, I'll tell you something, that car must've jumped five feet in the air!
Why the hell do they bother?
(already annoyed) Oh yeah.
You stupid sonofabitch, she was in that car!
You're crazy.
Shit, Toad.
He was beating me.
John and Lara step into foreground, Lara still fuming.
We went to her office party, idiot.
You are such an asshole.
You hate brushing your teeth; this one brushes them in thirty seconds.
(to Luke) The lies your mother tells.
Do you think it was wrong to call her a useless cow?
Lara Brennan, you are under arrest for the murder of Elizabeth Gesas.
I'm sorry; this really...sucks.
How the hell do you know that?
She's been refusing her insulin.
The two men kick the shit out of John.
It was stupid, I fell off the bike.
John runs and snatches a kitchen knife, returns to the door, secures the chain lock and opens the door a crack.
I'm deaf, you idiot.
Are you ever going to answer your goddamn phone?
You're going to fuck it up.
It fits.
John checks no one is watching, places the tennis ball over the key slot and punches the ball flat.
...What's wrong?
John turns on his heel and slams out through the door.
Furious with himself, he jams the car into reverse and backs up without looking.
A WOMAN screams.
-- You shoot the dog, I'll kill you!
-- You want the police here, asshole?! -- Good idea!
John fires two more shots into the floor.
(to thug) You, too!
I'll shoot you!
Tell me! Shoot the floor again, impress me.
(to David) Keep your dead bitch mouth shut.
Alex screams.
Now he pours it on Alex. Yeah, good shit; high alcohol content.
John smashes the bottle on the floor; tequila goes everywhere.
John lights a rag as the thug in the closet continues to yell and pound.
(no longer smiling) This is a meth lab, you idiot!
And he tosses the burning rag at the smashed bottle.
David screams as the room explodes in flames.
Until he wheels, gun in hand, and FIRES twice.
Both men are knocked back into the hall and onto the floor.
They break.
John grabs his tennis ball.
You walk out that door with him and you will both be killed.
Lara stares at him with hatred, mutters: You son of a bitch.
The Duty Nurse sees what is happening and bolts down the hall, throwing open the door to room 7725.
What's wrong?
Hit it!
Get your asses down here!
John slams the button repeatedly.
I was wrong.
John punches a button.
The tires SCREAM, the SUV skids into an uncontrolled turn.
Nabulsi looks at him as if he's nuts.
This guy was a teacher?
She picks it up, turns, annoyed.
You're a fucking liar! - Ted is leaning against his locker You expect us to believe you're going to the prom with Mary?
I got twenty bucks says you're full of shit.
MARY'S DAD (cont'd) (to Ted) Jesus Christ, guy, what the hell were you doing?!
(irrational cockiness) You betcha!
Let me ask you this: When you smoke a cigar, do you ever pretend it has balls?
(beat) Besides, your brother Jimmy never gave a shit about you.
You got a fucking guardian angel, man.
What if you're wrong?
(checking out car) Fucking Sully!
Ya look fuckin' pisser.
Fuckin' animals.
Yeah, well when you quit blow, you gotta quit the booze, too.
Sully, it's one fuckin' beer for Christ sakes.
Ah, fuck ya then, you big pussy.
Hey, Puffy tried to warn you about that Steve guy you was seeing--he was a fucking asswipe--but you had to find out for yourself, didn't you?
HEALY (cont'd) But you know, you shit out a bunch of kids, you're going to put on a few pounds.
Are you nuts?
She's heinous.
It's a goddamn bunion.
Life is too fucking short.
Jesus, Ted, you've got to finish that damn novel so you can quit that stupid magazine.
Hey, shit-for-brains, be careful not to scratch that thing, huh? (straining) What?
You already put a fucking nick in my piano.
(angry and embarrassed) It wasn't my truck--I was helping out a guy in a wheelchair.
Fuck calling her.
Why the hell would an old lady go for a young kid?
Fuck kindred spirits.
How the hell are ya?
scurrying to pull their pants up all a startled Ted ON HIS KNEES directly in front of reveals a DOZEN POLICE OFFICERS holding the (deer caught in headlights) Wait a second, it's not what you think.
No! I was pissing!
A fucking moron.
Fuck!! Huh...that's strange.
You got a fucking horseshoe up your ass, man.
TED (cont'd) How the hell did you get here anyway?
(resigned) Shoot.
Jesus Christ what have I done?
Would you hens quit ya cackling and let her do what she wants to do.
Mary, the guy's full of shit.
So where the hell are you, Healy?
She still think you're a fucking architect?
I'm the dumbshit for lying to her.
She's gonna be fucking pissed.
You asshole, what are you-- Mary!
(shakes his head) Holy shit, I've been going out with a loaded gun!
HEALY (cont'd) You motherfucker, you're a dead man! (cowering) Okay, Pat, take it easy--don't do anything stupid.
Who the fuck do you think you are making up that bullshit about me?! Whoa, whoa--I don't know what you're talking about.
You're working for him, aren't you, you little shit?
I mean I'm a fucking fraud.
I knew shit.
Bullshit, a twenty-two doesn't carry a one-iron--don't sandbag me, lady.
If it doesn't, what the hell, at least I gave it a shot.
Then what the fuck did you do it for?
- the paper reads: 'Healy's Miami address--229 Court reveals that the place is a fucking PIG-STY.
DOG Hello...? Ho-ly shit.
(to Tucker) Who the fuck are you?
You fucked me, man?
Yeah well fuck you!
I'm talking about the letter, asshole.
Why the fuck would I do that?
I'd be screwing myself.
HEALY (cont'd) You little fuck.
You fucking prick, we had a deal--you said you wouldn't fuck me and I wouldn't fuck you until we had this fuck out of the fucking picture.
Are you shitting me--Mr.
Who the hell's Woogie?
What the hell is Brett Favre doing here?
Aw shit, this isn't fair.
You are so full of shit, Strohman.
You're fucking with me, right?
You invited Skye fucking Davidson to our anniversary party?
I'm feeling guilty.
What a fucking day!
I don't know her from fucking Adam.
And so fucking... serene.
I hate you being alone.
I'm interrupting.
Shit.
Jealous?
Shit, I forgot to call her back.
I should have damn well bought it.
You really need to be fucked.
Why don't you go fuck yourself?
(slaps him) You're a shit.
(pissed) Elitism?
Oh shit.
Oh shit.
Oh shit.
Come on, Panes... Go! What the hell is that?
The husband's on the other fucking team.
(pissed) I'm not fucking angry, for God's sake.
I hate the sight of blood.
stopped counting.
You're fucking desperate.
So how much do you hate her? Big time.
Oh Soph... You'll hate it in London.
It's not the ticking clock shit, is it?
(moans) No, it's not... Fuck fuck fuck fuck.
You won't care who's in your damn movie.
I think he's really angry with me too.
Oh fuck!
I came out of the house and the fucking gate was wide open.
Oh for fuck's sake.
(raging) There's a goddamn sign on the gate.
Stop being such a bitch, Sal.
Oh fuck you, and fuck Monica while you're at it.
The only person who's ever taken ecstacy and become angrier.
I don't remember in the last five months of counselling your ever mentioning ecstacy or going to rage parties.
Rave parties?! That's so typical - you would think it was called rage.
I just didn't mention the few occasions I took drugs because you're so fucking judgmental I knew I'd never hear the end of it, and you have so little faith and so little trust in me.
You want to talk about bullshit?
She's a fucking mess, Joe.
Your sister is a fucking mess.
And how fucking dare you cast Skye Davidson in that part?
Who the fuck do you think you are?
It's a shit novel anyway.
(another moment) Oh shit.
Harry.
(realizes the import; to Gina) Fuck you.
(bereft) Stupid tart.
Damn straight.
That's under lock and key.
Sue?
You refuse to write further books so-- Do you understand?
If I believed in a hell I'd be sitting in its waiting room-- --script approval!
I am Don DaGradi, the script writer.
If you so much as step one foot in here with that tray I shall scream!
Hit me with it.
Yeah, I think-- (over) You can't say that-- Put toads in your bed-- Ridiculous!
Ha! It's a ridiculous moniker!
And Mr Belhatchett has complained that I opened his stupid bank five minutes late has he?
The very sort of annoying tune you would have playing in your themed park I daresay.
This whole script is flim flam!
I can endure.
I will endure.
Bonds!
Bankruptcies!
Bitter.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Yeah, I'd fuck him.
This sucks ass.
Get the fuck out of here.
Holy shit!
So cancer?
It'll fuck you up.
Look at this place, it's like Death Row in here, they don't give a shit what we do.
Then, to top it all off, your kids will one day stop talking to you because their therapist, who you pay for, tells them you're the reason they're so fucked up.
This guy is a fucking tool.
It's like a giant orgy of the sexiest women you can imagine all throwing themselves at you, screaming to be fucked.
It's a fuck fest.
What's wrong with you?
(off Rachel's furious It's medicinal?
Instead, she's yelling at you over some fucking painting.
Her art sucks.
She's fucking you in the ass Adam.
You want a 50 inch flat screen TV, then get the fucking TV!
What the fuck?
Honestly, I don't give a shit.
Stop the car.
Why what's wrong?
What's wrong?
You can be a little shit sometimes, you know that?
What the fuck?
For once can you just shut up and let me do this?
Big fucking deal.
Well you're a selfish piece of shit who cares more about getting his dick wet than actually being a friend.
You mean like a complete asshole?
What the hell.
I'm not gonna see some article about an investigation, am I? ISHMAEL (quietly) You want me to lie? No, I wanna be off the damn record, that's what I want.
My gosh, Alvin, was I supposed to object every time you did that?
It was dead.
Where was the defendant?
He was angry.
...not just Pearl, they're attackin' all over the Pacific, the whole fleet 's destroyed.
The FBI's in Seattle right now... ...arresting Jap traitors, the spies and everything.
My father wrote, 'These people are our neighbors, they have sent their sons to the United States Army...' 'They are no more an enemy than our fellow islanders of German or Italian descent.' ISHMAEL (sleepy and loud) I guess courage never inspires the young.
We gotta arrest you.
Hell, I didn't have so much as a band-aid.
You pussies are the kinda chickenshits deserve to have your balls chewed off real slow when this is over!
...fucking goddam Jap bitch !
He was angry.
Sheriff, if somebody killed Carl, it sure as hell wasn't me.
For combat.
Did he go away angry?
You mean Miyamoto followed him out there, and sucker-punched him?
but only in the heat of anger.
There is no evidence of anger at Carl, much less rage , much less murderous rage.
An argument I find as despicable as it is dishonest and twisted and insulting to us all.
Of murder.
Am I going to slip him a weapon for a mad escape?
Objection!
Are you crazy?
They hate us in the beginning, but we get them in the end.
I think you're a damn fool.
Too bad for her.
It's big, impersonal, overstocked and full of ignorant salespeople.
You are a runner.
I'll tell you what I hate.
So Foxbooks can... Go to hell.
(to the man) Who the fuck do you think you are? Are you going uptown?
It's a hit.
I hate that.
Gus-gus and oh shit, I can't remember the other one.
As if you were one of those stupid 22-year-old girls with no last name.
What's wrong with them?
But underneath that disagreeable exterior she could turn out to be -- A real bitch.
Asshole.
You killed the Storybook Lady.
Who did you break up with?
That's too bad.
I was upset.
You're entitled to hate me.
He nailed me.
A convincing liar.
Prakash wants a shit.
Since when was there a time limit on a crap?
You just lost me good money, you stupid idiot- It's Amitabh!
Your accomplice nip out for a piss, did he?
Wrong.
What the bloody hell is he playing at?
I'd take the money.
They love it...Where the hell do you get them from?
(furious) Alright.
Behind Jamal, Punnoose hands Salim the bottle of chloroform and the rag.
Punnoose screams and stumbles back clutching his eyes, knocking over the table.
With a flat-chested hijra.
Wait! Jamal!
Ah, shit!
Shit, she's sexy, man.... Then the music stops, an effeminate man steps into the limited frame Salim can see and snaps a stick down hard on Latika's hand.
What the hell do you want?
The group of men stir, irritated now.
Pulls the gun from behind his back.
I killed Maman.
As he turns, pulling a protesting Latika, Jamal leaps on him.
Salim throws him out into the corridor, slams the door.
Salim slams the door.
Jamal gets up, bangs on the door, keeps on banging until the door opens and Salim stands there with the pistol pointing straight at Jamal's head.
Down the hall, Salim's door shuts.
Where the hell is Dave?
Dare I ask why?
Who are we to argue?
He has flipped!
There is a bruise there.
God, Javed will kill you.
She throws him an apron.
Jamal screams with hopeless fury.
Four, three... From rags to Raja.
The place has been stripped of everything.
He stops in his tracks.
Salim shuts the door, locks it.
He wakes with a shout.
Jamal stops.
The traffic is gridlocked.
What the fuck.
Hit me.
Fuck me.
you nuts?
Fucking olives.
Fucking, fucking olives.
Hot damn.
(beat) Is that why you're here?
Lie?
Is that so wrong?
Break up?
She doesn't know what the hell she's talking about.
I'll put it out if it bothers you.
(yelling) And if I want to smoke, I'll fucking smoke.
It's OK to be upset.
(gaily) Upset?
That cock- sucking bitch.
She's the Satan that did this all.
Throw pillows, Letty.
You're so wrong.
Yeah? (yelling) You've got one hell of a great body.
You were with that lawyer.
Silly, silly, silly.
I ruined your wedding night.
(annoyed) Yeah, the copilot -- he's up front... (back to Jane) I'm leaving it all up to you, Jane, but if you do give me your phone number, then Jane, then... (in a low tone) Are you Paul? (turning around nervously) Yeah... Are you Jim? Yeah.
Two guys will be waiting for you in a black T-Bird, expecting the dope.
A black Ford pulls up in front of them and its driver looks at Paul who immediately turns his back on him.
Damn!
You're damn right we are.
Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb, if that jerk isn't back in three seconds I swear I'll throw her down the garbage chute... Mary had a little lamb, little lamb...
He hurries towards the door, grabs the knob and throws it open.
Where the hell have you been?
And that other idiot isn't back yet!
The cops, the cops -- I bet you call the cops every time your cat pisses on the carpet.
Michael, holding the baby, dashes toward him, extremely pissed off.
What the hell were you doing?
You've never spoken to me like that before... Well, what the hell took you so long?
I didn't have any coffee either, it took me forever at the goddamn Safeway.
If you leave me alone with this kid, I swear I'll pack up and be outta here by morning.
He exits, violently slamming the door behind him.
He's in a foul mood.
I swear I'm not lying to you... What?
Peter is fuming.
MARY, in her basket, wakes up and utters a FEW LITTLE NOISES.
And we're here living in hell!
(angrily) Damn right!
Oh hell!
(angry) Inspector Graton, Narcotics.
What were those cops doing... Peter shuts him up, grabs him roughly under the arm and leads him into his room, closing the door behind them.
Shit! We'll get twenty years if the cops find this on us!
Hey, whatever you do, don't lose the goddamn dope, we gotta be able to return it to those dealers or we're dead.
Hello, Officers... What's going on?
Peter comes in, in his bathrobe, furious.
What the hell are you guys looking for, anyway?
Bullshit, it's a trick.
You and your shit-dealing, you can go straight to hell, and you can take the money you make from it and stick it up your ass!
(he slams the receiver down like he was hammering a nail) Shit!
That bitch hung up on me! Women!
Jesus Christ, Michael, why didn't you let me talk to her!?
You jerk!
You should've said she was terrible, sick as hell!
If her ass gets red, tell her not to listen to any pediatricians -- they're full of shit.
Full of shit.
(furious) (exasperated) That idiot!
That jerk...
Listen to me, you selfish bastards!
After 6 P.M. she can scream all she wants, I don't give a shit.
We've got to work like crazy to save our jobs and you have the nerve to refuse nights.
(extremely pissed off) Hey, horny yourself!
I don't give a shit.
He exits, furious.
(in a state of shock) I never let her scream for hours!
Piss off, will ya?
Peter carefully locks the door behind him.
Where the hell did that come from?
Oh, fuck it -- I'm sitting down.
And did you hear Natalie: 'She's throwing a temper tantrum, just put her to bed.' What a pain-in- the-ass that broad is! (pissed off) Hey, you're the pain-in-the-ass!
When the hell is your friggin' Sylvia gonna come back?
You better give your goddam Sylvia hell for this!
(tense) Give me the playpen first... (equally tense) Then where are you gonna put the tub? (annoyed) Just give me the playpen.
He is trying unsuccessfully to sound angry.
That's it, we fit it all in... Okay, then... well, 'bye... 'Bye, Mary! (with a big, sad smile) Okay, well, thanks again -- 'Bye! 'Bye! (playfully) Well, that's that!
Oh shit -- I forgot to explain about the cereal!
And I'm gonna be able to get back to work, so Carl better watch it -- I'm gonna slaughter that son-of-a-bitch!
Oh damn it.
What the hell's her name?
What the hell happened?
They all have the same asses and I can't seem to love them anyway.
Michael knocks on the door.
But to work I've gotta have a babysitter, and to have a babysitter I need to work, so I run around all day... (she sobs) ... and I'm not sure I'm taking good care of her... Of course you're taking good care of her -- we know what it's like, don't cry, she looks great... (sobbing) It's just 'cause I haven't slept in four nights -- she must be teething or something, I don't know but I can't manage... Don't worry, it's nothing, she's cutting a tooth -- you just have to put some stuff on her gums...
She's hot.
I think it sucks, I'm gonna have a talk with him.
Goddamn right, wow.
I got fuckin' wasted last night, and my phone says I texted somebody at 3:15 asking them to beat me up.
I can tell, you are less fat than you have been.
Fuck yeah, Flash! (then) Hey, before I forget, let's nail down a plan for the Bruins game tomorrow night.
Oh, fuck me.
Oh, fuck that!
Where's my ring, asshole?
Jesus Christ, knock it off!
If there's no "ski" at the end of the root word, then we would just be idiots saying nonsense.
It's not true, I'm a fuckin' classy broad.
Fuck off, Tracy.
He's such an asshole.
You're shitting on Rex, and you both had sex with him.
We dove the shit outta that pool that year.
You're never gonna have any kind of a career if you're always partying and wasting time with Ted.
I mean, I'm cute now, but in a few years my body's gonna fall off a fucking cliff.
Ah shit, hang on, my phone fell under the seat somewhere.
There is... a shit in the corner!
There's a shit!
The fuck!!! Ahaaaaa!
(then, noticing) Is that a shit?
I'm a fucking talking bear.
Shit.
Fuck you.
Fuck you again for that.
I was Ted fucking Danson.
And not only that, I was Sam fucking Mayday Malone.
I know this shit.
Fuck! See, I was all pissed off `cause me and my friend Danielle were supposed to go skydiving last year, but then she got pregnant from this asshole guy, and so we couldn't go and I was all upset, but then she had a miscarriage, and so we ended up getting to go skydiving, and it was so scary but it was so much fun.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! / What the hell happened?
You suck, Kareem.
I just got a shitty new apartment-- I can offer you six thousand dollars in railroad bonds.
Oh wait, no, that was a hundred and fifty years ago, and I don't give a shit.
"Hey, this house is fucking huge!"
I've fucked the shit outta life.
You know... Lori would hate me for saying this, but... she's told me how you are at the office, and... as one gentleman to another, I just wanna say I really hope you fucking get Lou Gehrig's disease.
Holy shit.
What the hell you problem!!
You bastard men!
Holy shit.
Holy shit, oh my god! What?
I gotta-- I gotta go! Shit! Lori... I... Lori! Lori wait!
Look, Johnny, I know you're pissed, but just listen to me for five seconds.
You're un-fucking-believable, you know that?
How stupid do you think I am?
You know, you're actin' like a cock, you know that?
Huh? `Member that porno we saw with the guy with the V-shaped cock--forget it.
It works out so much better for you when you and I are getting fucked up on the couch at 9 am, doesn't it?
Teddy... Rux-fucking-pin.
AAAAAA!!! Fucking Jesus fucking Christ!
god fucking dammit!!! C'mon, motherfucker!
She hates me.
Ted, we crushed its rib cage and blew out its lungs trying to give it CPR.
We're gonna take a short break, but we'll be back in a few! Hey, play chopsticks, you jazzy slut! (turning, recognizing) Teddy!! How you doin', you fuzzy little asshole?
Fuck.
Because I owe that to you.
Nice fuckin' example you're settin' for your kid.
Jesus fucking Christ!
Yeah well, fuck your dad.
Shit!
You... well-- no, you-- god, that's a weird fuckin' question, no, just start countin'.
Ted? Daddy, you're gonna ruin the game!
Yes! Fuckin' A right! God dammit!
Shit!
I'm... I'm in trouble.
I mean, when you sewed me up, you put some of the stuffing in the wrong places, so I'm a little fucked up.
You asshole!
Fish! Hell, Doc, I'd like to have a nickel for every fish I landed between Point Conception and the Alaska coast... (to McMurphy) Is that so?
Martini, throw a card!
That's a hardworkin' feller blowing off steam, they say.
He has been heard to say to his wife, 'I hate you, I don't ever want to see you again.
Yeah, Harding, why don't you knockoff the bullshit and get to the point.
Yeah, Harding, you're so fuckin' dumb I can't believe it.
(in a strong angry voice) I'm tired!
Tell 'er to go to hell anyway!
Shoot, man, we'll be takin' on the New York Knicks before we're through... Hey-ya, hey-ya, come on, come on, I'm waitin' on you suckers, you hit or you sit... Hit me! Hit, you say?
Hit me.
Hell, I couldn't get it up over old hatchet-face if ya paid me! She's not all that homely, Mister McMurphy.
(confidentially) Who do you like in the opening game, Sam? Huh? (turning away) Asshole.
Come on', what is this crap?
Yeah, yeah, you're a fucking phony, McMurphy!
You're fuckin' A-right, I am!
Okay, sucker.
Y-Y-Y-You leave him alone!
That's okay, kid... Th-th-then y-y-you're n-n-not m-m mad?
No, kid, it was my own stupidity, that's what pissed me off.
Yeah, yeah, the hell with that crap!
What the hell does that have to do with it?
Well, I'll be a son-of-a-bitch... B-But, M-M-Miss R-Ratched, y-you n never c-c-counted th-their votes before!
Here comes the throw.
M-M-Miss R Ratched g-g-g-g... Fuck Miss Ratched!
(shouting to them) Get on assholes!
Hell, I know just the place where we can chow down an' thaw out before we shoot back on home.
Ease up on the star drag, keep the tie up, up and work hell outta that fella.
No, it was irresponsible! (respectfully) That's quite a catch, Jim.
(slapping his thigh) Goddammit, you sly son-of-a-bitch!
Full of piss an' vinegar!
Come on, let's play ball! (slapping his hands) Gimme tha' ball! (to Washington) What kind of crap is that??? Jus' playin' the game, sucker... (to Martini) Get down there where ya belong, Martini.
What's that smell?
What smell?
He got mad at me one day.
Boy, did he get mad at me.
He ate the whole fucking light bulb.
Her son ate the whole fucking light bulb and she said I was crazy.
Shit, Rose!
(furiously pushing them out) You crazy goons... shut up an' get outta here... Out! Out! Out! Shit, it's the soo-per-visor come to fire my black ass.
To the day room, immediately!
Gary Blinker... Gary Blinker's fulla shit!
You should be mad.
I don't need this shit right now.
That processed shit will kill you faster than a pleasure cruise to Chernobyl.
I hate when people jump ahead.
Why can't they make it black without all this frothy shit?
You are a beast!
I am cutting you off.
I am hot.
My girlfriends are being such bitches.
Hey, you want to throw my wedding shower?
Destroys the Earth.
Shit.
My brother is an idiot and he's selling cell phones hand over fist.
Hey, asshole, we're not talking until you sign that goddamn contract.
You hate Korean food.
But who gives a shit?
Is that a crime?
You've upped walk-in traffic by 35%.
I hate owning things.
How did you break them?
I'm still pissed about that.
You hit 453.
BAD COP BOB (cont'd) Do you find that funny?
But that's the only bad shit I've done.
You should protest with us! Yeah! Protest with your employees!
Get the hell out of here.
Omar, Let's cut the crap.
Write me again and I will find you and beat your stupid lying face in.
(in Korean) [Although you have poop on your hand, I am willing to shake it so I can steal all your money, you stupid Korean.]
Unfortunately, I cannot approve a merger with a company so incompetent as to have a business saboteur this high up.
Dissidents.
What the fuck is going on?
Lock the car doors.
I'll see you in hell.
This door's locked!
Where's the goddamn medic?
I'm to transport you immediately.
Until you're half the woman of Helen's sophistication, I'd keep your little mouth shut.
I'll kill you, you fucking sow.
Bloody hell.
I'd blow that fat bastard to kingdom come.
Bloody hell.
Are you flat broke already?
Terrorist or no, if that bastard gives me another double shift, I'll stomp his fucking head.
You don't have sex -- I don't have to take any crap from you!
I don't want to listen to you, so shut your fat gob!
You've come to kill me.
Oh bloody hell.
We deserve it.
I hate the sound of men screaming.
The first is revenge.
This pathetic whore is the famous Miss Hammond?
I hate you.
I hate you!
That's evil and it's wrong!
Shut up! You're mad!
I just provided the backdrop but the drama was all your own.
But the underground has been shut down for years.
Damn you!
Damn you!
When I do, I want you to come immediately home.
Don't tell me you're a coward, Mr. Finch.
This is an outrage!
Damn you!
Damn you!
I am as guilty as she.
Kill the bastard, Finch.
No? Well in that could you kindly fuck off and shut the door behind you?
I hate fucking pikies.
Fuck me, hold tight, what's that?
What persuasion myself or the prawns belongs to is not the issue, the issue is how a fuckin shrimp managed to sneak in to' my sandwich.
Sneaky bastards.
Oh fuck off, I'll find him myself.
You can have a quid.
Fuck man, call me Micky.
Hey kids how fucking big is he?
Fuck me, you want this man to drive us Sol? Can you drive mate?
I t ' s a fuckin anti-aircraft gun Vin.
It will raise hell my old son.
I don't think I really want to see hell Vin.
Can you get this fuckin dog to stop dribbling on me?
And who the fuck are we going to replace him with?
Mad Fist went mad, and the "Gun" shot himself.
Let's use the fuckin pikey.
That's Franky "I have a problem with gambling" fuckin Four Fingers, you are talking about Doug.
Franky is good at buying stones Doug but he's a fuckin liability when it comes to gambling.
The phone is slammed down.
It' s not as though i t ' s a ferret fuckin a flea is it?
But there is a world of difference between a virgin and a young woman like there is between a Volante and a fuckin Vantage.
Yes I fuckin am! Cars are his religion.
Fuck off you fat bald bastard - and where's my car?
Fuckin 'ell Tyrone you ask a lot of questions.
Shit, was that him?
And what the fuck are you doing up there?
If you don't put down the screen I'll blow his fucking head off!
At which point there is a loud smash and Franky is knocked backwards (as Tyrone hits his van).
He kicks the doors a couple of times - nothing happens, but on the third kick the doors spring open.
Vinny is frustrated and illustrates his dissatisfaction.
Now be a bunch of good fellas and lie down on the floor.
You fuckin idiots.
stone.
What the fuck's a hare?
Come on, what, proper fucked?
How can a dog fuck a rabbit?...eh?
Errol puts on the gas a little-, the car surges forward and slows at the feet of Mullet - seedy looking character with big ears and a moody haircut, who smokes fat cheap cigars and wears his top shirt button fastened.
I t ' s twice the fuckin size of the last one.
Are' you taking the piss again?
That fuckin pikey being difficult.
He puts it around the door and creates a circle with the sharp side, pulls it out and puts his hand through to kill the alarm.
What do you think I am holding him by, his fucking ears?
You gotta shave the heads of your victims and pull the teeth out, you could do that after of course, but you don't want to go sieving pig shit do you?
There is a pause A righteous infliction of retribution by. an appropriate agent, personified in this case by a horrible cunt.
I t ' s fuckin Tyrone Conway.
It may be fuckin him, but wait and see what I can do to you.
Sneaky little shit one of the Russian dissidents, killed more men than,...well he's-killed a lot of men.
He can see he's upset.
The car does a massive swerve and everything nearly What the fuck do you think you're doing Sol? Jesus, I didn't know it was that loud.
Well just how fuckin loud did you think it was going to be?
It's a- fucking gun Sol, guns are renowned for making a loud fucking noise whenever you pull the trigger.
I didn't mean try it in the fuckin car Sol.
Well they work, I reckon they are really going to put the shits into em.
Right now I am not concerned with putting the shits into em Sol, I am " " .
concerned about taking the pain out of my ringing fucking ears.
I am fuckin deaf!
Well you want to stab him?
I' 1 1 cut him.
You idiot what have you done?
BTT is on the phone Doug, we are in the shit, come and pick us up.
I don't care if he's got fuckin hazel nuts, I want a gun that works.
Stand up! Excuse me, but who the fuck are you?
, You'll look fucking dead, unless you stand up.
You know who I mean you fucking fringe now find him.
Did you know that it was my cousin Lorrie you stabbed?
Yes I know I stabbed a man called Lorrie, but no I didn't know he was related to a tub a shit.
Shut that door Sean.
Lock that fuckin door Sean.
You're a big man, but I don't care if you're ten foot fuckin tall, you still got eight pints of blood and you'll bleed like any bastard.
and I will fuckin drop ya, I'll open you up like a packet of crisps.
I said we should come round and raise fuckin hell, you know shoot a few of the boys and that, but he said he thinks we would have more success if we paid for it.
I 'l l pay for it, I won't pay you the top fuckin whack but you'll never get that anyway.
I can't sell you something I haven't got now can I? You're a dead fuckin man.
You listen to me Tony you're a dead fuckin... What did you do to upset Ken, Tony?
He's pissed in my fuckin pocket, look!
Do shut up Ken.
Yes but Doug the fuckin head does!
What the fuck's it doing at my place?
Where's that fuckin pikey?
What's wrong with you?
Is he fuckin stoned?
Hey fuck face, who's speaking to you?
Fuckin hell, alright then.
I think I would have noticed if a fuckin dog was sitting in my caravan don't you?
What the fuck's got into you lot?
So, Harry... What do you do?
(with disdain) Okay.
Yeah, but come on, how many words can you rhyme with 'Bitch'?
You fucking guy... How we doing here?
Are you nuts?
.Hot.
No, man, you're livin' the shit.
(yells) You saw my ass, you don't see me acting nuts, wearing hats and glasses and weird get ups... Yes or no.
Oh, please, what the hell does that mean?
I'd be nuts to keep this going.
What the hell does that mean?
What's wrong?
Aw shit.
(to his Date) Oh, God, I'm so stupid... Hello?
Awwwww... How did I get like this? (eyes fluttering shut) I'm gonna shut my eyes for a few minutes.
This was bad.
... what the fuck are you waiting "for?
Death.
Who killed my sister?
I'm here for vengeance!
You killed her,.... ...didn't you?
That's the trouble.
Witch?
And bears.
Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! Oh, my! (screams) And bears!
You're right -- I am a coward.
This is terrible!
MCU -- Dorothy and Tin Man -- That's ridiculous!
Why, I'll -- Foul! Foul!Help!
Go - before I lose my temper!
The balloon's going up! -- Ruined my exit!
There, there, lie quiet now.
She's mad like a baby gets mad.
(explodes) What's the matter with you!
Damn.
What's wrong?
You said they stole your milk.
I can't take it back but I can leave it alone.
Let's do that..let's leave it alone now.
What a relief to just stop it all right there, huh?!! Close it shut!
Hot.
Stop that right now!
Schoolteacher in there told me to quit lending myself out.
And that's how it began... ...Three pies became twelve...two hens became five turkeys... ...and Ella and John turned into almost ninety others... ... Everybody ate so well and laughed so much... ...it made them angry...
The pies, the turkeys...the bread pudding and shortbread..the one whole block of ice brought all the way from Cincinnati - it made 'em mad...Loaves and fishes were Jesus's powers...they did not belong to an ex-slave who never had a white boy beat her, who had her freedom bought, who rented a house from white folks that hated slavery worse than they hated slaves...It made'em furious - her thoughtless generosity and un-called for pride...She had over stepped...offended them by giving too much...and they left their disapproval there so's you could smell in the air the whole next day... Later on I wondered why no one warned us...why no one saw them coming and ran to 124 to tell us... ...There's a Look whitefolks get..a Look every Negro learns to recognize along with his ma'am's tit..That righteous Look that's like a flag going up the pole..the righteousness that announces the whip, the fist, the burning, the lie...long before it happens in the open... Howard!...Bulgar!
You punishing Him, ain't you?
What the hell you thinking, girl?
There is no place where I stop.
I wouldn't trade them for another pair, tell you that.
The killed one?
Sleeps, eats and raises hell.
And whipping her.
(getting upset, shouts) Don't you die on me!!
They despise it.
What you scream from it they do not hear.
But, anyway, it's been rough with him... whatever the fuck he is.
What, are you nuts?
I'm a vindictive little bitch, truth be told.
Shit.
Shit.
Damn it.
DAMN IT! (there it is) Oh.
Was it yelling?
God, I'm an idiot.
What a fuck!
What a fucking monster she is! Oh, God.
What a fucking monster she is! Them.
I don't want to know this shit.
How can you watch this crap?
I'm fucking crawling out of my skin.
Oh shit.
Joel, We're fucking gonna talk about it!
I shouldn't have -- (screaming now) I'd make a fucking good mother!
Wake me up! Stop the procedure!
I'll get my shit.
Oh, fuck!
He stole a pair of your panties while you were being erased!
What's wrong with me?
This kid, Joe Early, is going to beat the shit out of me.
We're fighting.
He's wrong.
(flat) So go.
Joel, we've fucked.
It's old hat for us.
As mad as she was... as justifiably -- I don't know what you're talking about, Howard.
It's unbecoming on you.
Trip? ?
...can take my word for it, writer's are lousy fucks.
It's fake.
Jesus! Get off of me, you son-of-a-bitch!
Shit, James.
That sounds like a fancy excuse for being a shit.
Shut up and drink.
Shit.
How he used to put coke on his dick.
How the hell should I know?
I put you on the floor.
How 'bout we get the hell out of here?
GRADY (cont'd) Shit! You're bleeding.
Shit, James, you're hungover.
Why? What's wrong?
I didn't come here to upset you and Irene.
You're mad at me, aren't you?
You're mad because I shot your girlfriend's dog.
But, as luck would have it, the club was on the way, so... (snapping shut the visor) We were able to put in an appearance.
That's why she hates me.
Trip?!
Trip?! Shit.
I mean, I was breaking up with this girl at the time and my car was ail fucked up and-- well--I was pretty bent in general.
I just want you to know that's why I dropped your class and said all that shit about the university stealing my money and you being a pseudo-Faulknerian nobody.
'That's my car, motherfucker.'
You've got a gun, motherfucker.
I once knew a Vernon Peabody at Penguin U.K. Shut up.
Holy shit.
Thanks-Whoa, Professor Tripp, careful ^here... Grady, what are you doing, you idiot?
We lose.
And that's what I'm going to give him, it's going to be so racist, so negative, he won't have the balls to put it on the air.
You deserve it.
Whoever told you that living in poverty earns you somekind of badge of honor flat out lied to you.
What's wrong with him?
Were people this desperate to get work?
Hit it.
We both lied to him.
Go to your windows and yell.
How did I end up at the third rate chittlin' circuit greasy hole in the wall in West Hell, Virginny?
Everybody shut up.
And now is definitely not the time to bitch up.
Protesting isn't gonna do a damn thing.
Hell yeah, I'm a nigga.
This abduction is a cowardly, vile, sinful and dastardly act and I promise these creeps will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
(scraped, bruised, pissed) Nice backup.
And I'm tellin' you there's a buttload of H on the move and someone's gonna wanna stick their dick in it.
You better get the fuck outta town.
The woman's got fuckin' radar on my ass.
You're a fucking idiot.
Now, shut the fuck up, check for the rest of my dope.
My fuckin' shoes.
My fuckin' Italian shoes!
And where the hell's Lowrey?
It's about fuckin' time.
Wrong?
If you fail, you're a fuckin' corpse.
If you give me a fuckin' ulcer, I'll dig up your dead mother and fuck her with your severed dick, do you understand?
Shit.
(to himself) Crazy fuckin' woman.
It's in a shitty frame, too.
You don't come from Cuba by car, asshole.
Big fucking deal.
(teasing laugh) You're so silly.
SAVE-MORE DRUGS - MORNING (Formerly Sc. 207) A132 Lowrey is annoyed.
We are five minutes away from picking up this asshole and returning to our lives.
And we're here doin' this shit.
Where the fuck is it?
Burnett in turn, grabs Casper's ears and hammers the big guy's head into the toilet until he falls unconscious.
Julie pulls the gun from her purse, shuts her eyes and starts FIRING wildly.
So he cold-cocks Ferguson with the butt of his pistol and joins the chase.
He's angry as he stares at the phone.
An angry Burnett, pulling on a jacket, he throws some clothes at Julie.
Usually the guy throws me out after he fucks me.
I.A.'s shutting us down.
The greedy motherfucker!
We're in the shit, boys.
I'm getting really tired of this shit!
I'm tellin' you straight up, like a straight fuckin' arrow, okay?
I'm so straight it's fuckin' sick.
This kill you, man.
I've got is illegal!
shit... (reaches behind his back) Wait.
He pulls another gun and points it at Burnett.
Jojo, you're your fuckin' ass too.
don't want no skull fragments or brain shit on me.
When that shit flies, it don't wash off.
He's talking and wiping down his gun with a rag.
Save your crap, Mike.
God, you are so stupid!
Jesus, who's the stupid one now?
Fuck you!
The elevator doors shut.
Then... Grab her.
Scream and duck for cover.
Pushes Theresa back into the elevator, making her lay on the floor as BULLETS CUT above.
He hangs up.
Big gun, big dick?
No. Big gun, little dick?
THROUGH a floor-mounted SPOTTING SCOPE we see the last of the trucks roll into Hangar 3 and two of the buyer's henchmen shut the doors.
Begin speaking Spanish, one blaming the other for this fiasco.
Angry words.
He tosses down his gloves and hat and begins stomping off as if he's just quit his stinking job.
Mouths shut, feet moving.
This shit really hurts.
I'll give you a bullet to bite.
Burnett shuts the door ON the CAMERA.
What Julius didn't know, until this very moment, was that, about a minute after he was born... Another nurse emerges from the delivery room, holding up a second INFANT -- this one is SCREAMING with rage.
The angry baby.
Fuming.
The leg of the angry baby.
The angry baby.
At you, you jerk.
As Julius does, Vince at last speaks: You gotta talk into the phone, * asshole.
Klane draws his fist back and is about to drive it into Vince's face when he suddenly pauses; the expression on his face, at first puzzled, becomes increasingly agonized as we REVEAL that -- Behind him, is squeezing a pressure point on Klane's neck, rendering him unable to punch out Vince.
Here Julius effortlessly blocks the punch and goes right on talking.
Seeing a fire axe inside a GLASS CASE on the wall, he SMASHES through and grabs it.
Tell your brother 'He messes with me, he messes with my whole family!'
I hate violence.
Marnie hates my guts.
We were five years old * -- Our mother... didn't die when we were born... (staring at Vince now) You've known all this time where she was and you never contacted her? (angry) I don't know about your momma, Miss Perfect of 1952, but my momma was a slut, and if she's still alive, I hope she's in a lot of pain.
Vince stops the car dead, the Body Shop Owner comes up to him.
McKINLEY'S OFFICE McKINLEY Listen, you little shit-for-brains peckerwood, you're out of your goddam crazy diseased greedy mind!
(indicating Webster; angry) And you never told me until there was a stranger listening?
Shit, what about my reputation?
Frustrated, he moves out of the room as we -- as Webster begins working it over.
Webster is feeding the cat when he hears a sudden, VIOLENT POUNDING at the front door.
Morris immediately backs away and lets Webster pass by.
A beat.
(angry) So how come if we're the same, we're so damn different.
(behind the wheel) Can we get the hell out of here?
(hard) Bull-shit.
Vince -- quit acting crazy -- (stunned) He dumped us in the middle of New Mexico.
No way... this is bullshit... (eyes snapping open) Julius, you putz.
Don't be nervous -- I hate violence and I never carry guns.
(muttering) Goddam ESP-psycho-voodoo bullshit... Opening Julius' suitcase.
(feigning ignorance) What matter is that?
And they lied to you...
What's that, Curly?
I'll tell you the unwritten law, you dumb son of a bitch, you gotta be rich to kill somebody, anybody and get away with it.
Jake, for Christ's sake.
So he screws some more and then he gets up to look at the moon and his wife says, 'What the hell do you think you're doing?
When I find out who that phony bitch was.
Well, I've been accused of many things, Mrs. Mulwray, but never that.
What the hell's going on?
They've got steam irons now.
Sue the shit out of 'em.
He told you? (continuing) And you weren't the slightest bit upset about it?
You son of a bitch.
Don't give me that, you son of a bitch.
You smug son of a bitch.
Sheriff's gold posse... bunch of damn fools who pay $5,000 apiece to the sheriff's reelection.
You were outside the Pig 'n Whistle and you had one hell of an argument.
What was the argument about?
(as Mulvihill hits the floor, to Evelyn) What are you waiting for?
(stunned, furious) You bastard.
No! (continuing) She's too upset.
Yeah, I once knew a whore who for enough money would piss in a customer's face, but she'd never shit on his chest.
(to Gittes) Shut up.
What's wrong?
(evenly but with great anger) What the hell is this all about?
Tell Mrs. Mulwray to wait for half an hour after you get there.
(with sarcasm) Who do you blame for that?
Stop the car!
I'll kill him, I'll kill the son of a bitch.
The Louds.
What smells?
What is that smell?
(screams) Are you nuts?
This time throw it out, don't eat it.
It's called "Get your shit together before it's too late."
... Holy shit!
He had this bathtub in his trunk - (Ed starts cracking up) he's throwing the dogs in there, they're fighting and splashing, then he'd slam the trunk down, let 'em run around inside screaming getting all wet... then he'd use the car exhaust to dry'em.
I knew a guy who hated his mother - Stuey Shwam.
He hated his mother so much, he had his belly button removed.
Oh, my father -what an asshole.
Of course I have a dream I just don't know what the hell it is.
While we're on TV I plug the shit out of the business.
You're nuts.
Okay, I'm nuts.
It means they hate his freaking guts.
Who's -- Oh shit... (into phone) Hello... Shari, hi... Oh no! ... Oh God! (to the camera) We'd better go... (into phone) No, honey, it's not what it looks like-- Oh God ... Ed!
Shoot the door.
I was dying to!
(pulls out research) The audience hates Ray.
(annoyed) By the X.
That girl's an idiot.
Shari... Everybody hates me!
A poll. "Is Shari Good Enough for Ed?" Seventy-one per cent said "no." (crying) They hate me!
(to the camera) Why are you so mean to her? What did she do to you? (picks up newspaper) "Is she good enough for Ed?" Who the hell am I? (sarcastically) Who the hell do you think I should be dating?
What's wrong?
So everything he told me yesterday was a lie.
(still bitter) Yeah?
He used to steal things from my store.
She is hot.
(to Joma) Shut the curtains.
No! Let him shut the curtains.
"Mash" went off -- (getting angry) Yeah, but when they went off people weren't making fun of them.
That book sucked.
It's slander!
He soon put a stop to that.
Oh, bloody hell.
He stops the car.
Perhaps it's all a waste of time and money anyway.
What else are we spending sixpence on?
How far advanced are these ridiculous plans?
I'm...I'm broken.
But I couldn't see that a man who stole maps from old ladies might be a liar.
Shit.
I just thought, I hadn't heard from you and, I mean how stupid is it that a gal has got to wait for a guy's call anyway, right?
Why are you hanging that?
I need you to stop being nice to me - unless you're gonna marry me after.
Shit.
But you marry her, and then you're an asshole for marrying her before you're ready.
Shit - I don't know.
The hostess is giving me shit for not wearing a white shirt -- this shirt is WHITE!
This shit is white.
Hell's Kitchen.
The "spark" thing is bullshit.
And lying to me?
This is insane.
Wait, isn't Mary Stuart Masterson Watts?
And that guy I made out with was a total asshole.
Turn it the fuck down.
Where the hell is he?
Is - Shit.
I thought he was - the one - but he turned out to be such an asshole.
Who I'm so horrible to.
Shit!
The guys are annoyed that she blocks their view.
Beth, annoyed, goes into the kitchen.
It expanded.
Harry.
He's a socialist, then?
Traitors!
Frances, I'm warning you.
I'm gonna throw myself beneath the wheels.
They threw him out that window.
I never pressed you about it but god damn it, you're gonna tell me right here and right now what happened and where the hell you were! (quietly) You want his name?
Hell yes!... well, okay, I'm still in school.
You sound as if you hate it.
Why, you... you little bastard!
(growing angry) But... but wait a minute.
And this play... this play is all about what greed and money do to people!
There's a way to pay off L.A. cops and a way to get yourself arrested.
You're seriously trying to tell me the Japs can't find Los Angeles without my headlights?
(calling) How the hell do you find me anyway?
(irritated) Hey, watch it.
Sorry I insulted you... bitch.
Good God, this bitch is crazy!
And you accused her of tampering with your mail.
Doctor, I hate to break this to you, but my mother is a little batty.
You bumble around with your folders... (she knocks her folder to the floor) ...and your pencils... (she grabs some pencils and throws them at him) ...and your god-damn buttons... (she pounds on the inter-com; a voice says, 'Yes, Doctor?') ...all your badges of authority!
What's wrong?
The resistance, the anger in your voice.
...Touch me again and I'll kill you, you pig.
Twenty bucks to fuck a fuckin' movie star.
That's awful.
What the hell.
Is she responsible for the punch?
It's terrible.
You're crazy.
That's a crock of shit.
Door's locked.
Heck of a way to treat a taxpayer.
There sure is some weird shit on the bottom of the ocean.
(notices the camera) What the hell's that?
Here it comes... Oh shit.
We have done something -- hell, we damn near went broke putting up a shark watch tower on the beach -- it's the only one in 2000 miles, y'know.
What the hell time is it?
Shit -- I'm late for dinner... Close up, okay?
Damn.
What's wrong?
(looking up) Oh, shit.
(waving) How the hell do we get him down from there?
(he punches a button) Hello... Phil?
You're damn right that's what it is.
(exploding) What the hell does it take to make sense to you numbskulls?
I know what a goddamn shark looks like, I've been through it, don't you understand?
Came up too damn fast.
Held his goddamn breath!
Sailing back is going to be a bitch.
(to Mike) Your dad must be really pissed.
What's wrong?
I goddamn well told them.
Get him the hell back there!
I'm telling you, a goddamn shark ate my goddamn boat!
I hate to pop his balloon... (Etc.)
Where the hell is Francis Shoal?
Shit.
Damn!
What's wrong?
Where the hell is Air One? That's what I'd like to know.
Shit.
Shit.
Shit, shit, shit!
She's hysterical, goddamn it!
Pull! Son of a bitch is stuck!
Come on, you bastard, come on, pull.
It looked like the guy's head blew three feet into the air -- Bullshit, that's not what happened.
It's not like he shot a fucking deer.
It's the enemy.
A goddamn watch?
Ees a great fucking watch.
I'm trying to do a story here and the fucking sand is blowing in my face -- You want me to stop the sand?
No, you're too busy talking about the fucking gold, which by the way makes a great story if you'd get me a goddamn lead on it -- I think the Saddam story goes more for the jugular, journalistically speaking, I mean, he's still here beating the shit out of his country.
Where the hell are you going?
I don't want you helping other reporters, goddamn it.
Those people are getting reemed -- Bullshit, we saved Kuwait, man.
I don't know who they are, man -- We got big firepower but we ain't saving them -- Fuck that, we liberated Kuwait.
Goddamn it, where the fuck did this beer come from we gotta take more Iraqis prisoner tomorrow.
Take your fucking rags off, take this off.
No comprende English, motherfucker?
What is your fucking problem, Conrad?
What the hell is that?
I wanted help with the gold story, and he took off on me-- That's a lot of bullshit.
I don't even know what we did over here, but Schwartzkopf gets a book deal, you get a star, Powell gets to be fucking president-- Are you high?
What the fuck is ironic?
Fuck you, Ron.
He's got no high school, man, he's from a group home in Jackson -- I don't give a shit if he's from Johannesburg.
Would you take those fucking things off?
You're wrong.
This tent is restricted -- Get the fuck out of my way.
Damn.
Hit it, you sorry-assed cracker -- This gun's too heavy to shoot one-handed like a movie star -- Shut the fuck up.
Shit.
The goddamn Beach Boys.
Shit.
I am hate Saddam.
This is boring, I already did this damn story, goddamn it, where the hell is the gold?
What is the art of war, because it is not for killing people, it's a stratagem to give life to many by killing the evil perpetrated by a few -- I am burning up in this goddamn suit -- Discriminating use of violence as a last resort, and even then, carefully, surgically, that's what I learned, that's what I'm good at.
Because I've got a family and if I shit in a bag the rest of my life cuz I got shot after the war's already over that would be pretty fucking stupid, wouldn't it?
What the fuck are you talking about?
Get down on the floor, OK?
It's bad for you.
Don't start this shit again.
I know ya'll Shiite gettin' yer asses whipped -- Hey, what the hell is going on here?
Git on the fucking ground, Arab.
What the fuck are you talking about?
Goddamn it everybody calm down.
It's my ass, donkey dick, Saddam will shoot me dead.
Shut up, he signed the treaty.
Listen to me: we leave you alone to kill your Shiites, but everything you took from Kuwait, that belongs to us now, understand?
Shit.
Where another friend will ship it on a Turkish boat up the Red Sea to Perpignan, where a French boat will take it to Baltimore -- I don't know about getting them to Baltimore, but these hat boxes ain't gonna fit in the Humvee.
You go away fast from this bullshit.
(pissed) U.S.A. is out of Shiite war.
What the fuck happened to necessity?
Obey the fucking order, Barlow.
This is fucked up.
Great, a fucking tank.
We were home free, you stupid son of a bitch.
Goddamn it.
In three, two, and, I'm being held captive in a gritty suburb of Karbala, where Shiite fundamentalists are rising up -- You better not let that fucking reporter see you doing this.
You don't know where one of your own fucking aides is?
You are the blind bullshit, my main man.
Wrong.
Bullshit wrong, dude.
She is safe in Ohio without the bombs and concrete and all this shit-- How old is she?
She's traumatized, what the fuck do you expect?
I'm almost in the black when Saddam starts this stupid fucking war and you guys bomb the shit out of my cafes.
Shit.
You're three guys with a bunch of Shiites and no Humvee.
Shit.
Fuck a donkey, no way.
They killed your families, you fucking cowards.
Step, throw, one-two -- I'm gonna give it a five second fuse.
Keep your fucking guard up.
It's a fucking Infiniti convertible, isn't it?
Goddamn it.
It's not like he shot a fucking deer.
I want a direction, we're not gonna comb the whole goddamn desert -- This is from Barlow's C.O. at Fort Bragg, something with his wife.
I'll be damned.
Where the hell is he going now?
Let them get over, wait -- Plastic handcuffs are put onto Troy, behind his back.
That's a 75 thousand dollar camera -- What the fuck are they doing here?
I thought they were authorized -- They are not fucking authorized, for Christ's sake -- Haven't I taken care of you, dammit?
Oh you idiot!
Punch that thing.
Holy hell.
Is that crazy?
That's crazy.
Keep your shit together one more week... Amsterdam!
(cocks her head) Watch it.
Play `Bomfalleralla' immediately.
Who the hell speaks Swedish?
I refuse to pity you in the manner in which you're accustomed.
"Get up you fat bastard."
I said "get up." "Standing is for fools!" God, what an asshole.
I'm so so I'm sorry too -- It's so unfair -- I should have told you -- It's so fucking unfair!
I'll find a way to hang around and annoy you for a long time.
Oblivion.
This obsession with being Don't get mad -- But I am mad!
Goddamn it, Gus.
Shit! Ass! Balls!
Are you angry?
It was annoying.
I didn't find it that annoying.
I never want to read another word of that asshole's again.
Mr. Van Houten, I'm a good person but a shitty writer.
You're a shitty person but a good writer.
Everything was normal at first and then he said he needed someone mo r e -- (sob-choked) Serious! .
Who the hell does he think he i s ?
As the girls go, they shut the door behind them.
Amy knocks on Elle's door.
As president of my sorority, I ' m skilled at commanding the attention of a room and discussing important issues.
I object!
They scream at him as Serena videotapes.
And what did the dispute entail?
Before you voted against me and called me a dyke behind my back?
Elle lies.
(hurt and annoyed) Re a ll y -- Margot grabs the phone back.
Elle shuts the door behind her and looks at Underdog.
(sotto) The idiot speaks.
Elle grows annoyed.
Then show them a picture of his cock.
Donovan takes a moment to look at her like she's an idiot.
Go to hell.
Okay, if Brooke didn't kill the guy, who did? My money's on the angry daughter or the ex-wife.
On the day of Heyworth's murder, I was -- She snorts back a sob.
(upset) Why didn't you call me?
Whoever killed Heyworth is paying him off.
(upset) You can't go home!
If you let one stupid prick ruin your life, you're not the girl I thought you were.
Keep that bitch away from me.
(blatantly pissed) Funny how a woman can turn into a bitch just by saying "no".
She's my lawyer.
Counselors, now.
In court.
(calling out) El le , wait up -- (continu ing; sheepish) I ' m a bitch.
You're pawning The Rock?! Hell, yes.
(off her silence) God damn it, Lucille, you hear me?
Stump's cavalier attitude stops cold.
She hangs up.
(snaps) Fuck 'le mot juste,' Lucille!
Finish the damn thing yourself.
'The primeval moment is frozen in' whatever the hell you want it to be.
Hey... (as they ignore him) Shut up!
This impresses the hell out of everyone in the room.
Except Ivan was a nicer guy... (concerned, earnest) Don't let Cobb bullshit you.
(as cronies agree) When does he want to see you? Immediately.
Shit... Fill it up and replace the wiper blades.
I hate skiing.
His problems were different than mine... Fuck you, Mr. Cobb, I have too much dignity to spend another moment with you.
An autobiography has to be in the first person -- plus it can't come from the other side of the God damn grave.
What kind of a fucking writer you call yourself -- all tied up in rules and regulations.
Tell him to go to hell anyway.
You tell him to go fuck himself or I'll kick your Yankee ass!
Mr. Cobb says... to go to hell.
What the hell is that?! (beat) Bullshit... Damn painkillers... Ty, you okay?
Fuck you!
I ain't dying in this God damn ice cube! (muttering) The man drives like an old woman... Drive, motherfucker, drive!
Jesus... (to himself) He's a goner, Al, save your own God damn ass... Cobb! Cobb?
It's about fucking time you got here!
I just put my head through the windshield of a car, what the hell ya think, ya big fucking jerk.
Shut up! Ty Cobb can't die like this! They'll bury me and nobody'll know who it is!
I said shut up.
(outraged) I coulda been killed!
God damn it, shut up and get in the car!
You miserable son of a bitch.
What, you're gonna kill me?
I've killed a man.
Fine, then put me outta my fuckin' misery.
Jesus Christ -- Aw, don't go sob-sister on me, Stumpy.
DETROIT BALL PARK - DETROIT DUGOUT - DAY (c1910) Single to left, steal second, steal third, steal home... Eight to one.
Fuck you!
Go to hell.
Shut up, Cobb.
(to the pitcher) That's as hard as you can throw?! Shit, it that was my fastball I'd wear a dress!
I'd shade me a little up the middle if I was you! (to catcher) You try to take my head off then you throw a sinker away, in and out, same old shit -- sinker away...
You God damn coward!
You shoulda hit me in the fucking head!
They were the enemy -- you fought with 'em.
(beat) And I was the most hated man in baseball.
You're a shit, Cobb!
I hate your guts, Cobb!
Then watch the fucking road.
Talking my ass! Quit hanging on -- get a divorce.
When it comes to women I'm a total shit -- the difference is, Stumpy, that I know I'm a shit.
Our little secret, huh? (beat) And that part about me being a shit with women?
(muttering the whole way) He hates me.
He hates black people...
He fucking hates everybody.
Shut the fuck up and give him a ride!
and kissin' his black ass to boot... Shut this man up!
Fucked up roads.
Okay... 'bye, 'bye... Fuck it...
You're gonna betray me, you son of a bitch!
I'm entitled to my opinions -- Now that's pathetic.
Fuck you, Cobb!
The childhood incident that explans me?! Well I was a prick before it happened and a bigger prick after it happened so stick that up your Sigmund Freud ass!
Your mother killed your father?
Ohyeah, you were the asshole.
Because I'm 72 fucking years old, that's why, God damn it.
I got the mike, Dago -- gimme a God damn minute.
Now, say this is a bat... Let's just haul him off -- That's Ty Cobb! He'll fucking kill me!
Does it bother you?
A girl needs what she needs -- Shut up.
Mr. Cobb, I -- Shut up.
What I coulda done with you in my prime... I'm sure you -- Shut up!
I want you to tell everyone you meet that you fucked me and I was the best fuck you ever had.
Hell yes.
And I'm dead down here!
None of this Sigmund Freud bullshit!
He's crazy.
(to everbody) Do you know who I am?! You're a crazy old fool, that's who you are! Back off, God damn it!
None of this modern, pansy bullshit -- I've been looking forward to this for a long time -- You fucking liar.
A KNOCK at the door.
(beat) Now go buy a God damn tux! Cobb peels some cash from his roll of dough and throws it at Cochrane.
(exploding) How could you be so good behind the plate and so bad everywhere else! Cobb grabs the phone and dials impatiently.
God damn it, Mickey, ya gotta give a better effort.
You're a bastard and you ain't coming to our party.
God damn it, let me in!
Let me in, God damn it!
Open up, God damn it!
Ballplayers can make big money but they're too stupid!
The hell with ya! Cobb grabs Stump and pulls his face close.
You cocksucking liar.
Don't give me the sob-sister routine.
I listen to your bullshit, I interpret and shape and find words for your bullshit and you give me nothing but grief!
Stop the car!
The car stops.
And go to hell!
You're too angry.
I'm angry?
Are you angry because I discovered you were a whore?
I'm angry?! Is it the divorce?
I heard she fucks everybody -- she must be everybody's friend!
Stump is still fuming, angry and cynical.
Yeah, and what she's saying is 'fuck you.' Fuck me?
Well fuck her.
(beat) You've killed a man.
I'll kill a man.
Don't give me that sob-sister stuff!
Stump crawls on the bed toward the pillows with the stupid grace of a drunk looking for a key under the mat.
(beat) Now get the hell outta here.
What about the gun?
The hell you are, honey.
The hell I'm not.
And to top it off, my lawyer said, 'Don't worry, they're just pissing into the wind...' Uhm-hmm.
(moving backwards to the flower bed) Go ahead an' call 'em, bitch, I don't give a shit.
Dammit, June, don't exhibit fear until I tell you!
I can't tell you how mad I am at Lewie, that I have to leave him out here, tied to a tree... God, you're stubborn, Joan.
But you won't tell me what's really bothering you.
(slightly annoyed) Well don't go out of your way, Joan.
There I disagree with you.
(annoyed) Helen.
You know, I hate to mention this but we're having a slight problem with Duke.
A fire is burning in the fireplace.
I know, you told me that, but where are you now? ... and the next thing I know I'm transported some place the hell else, against my knowledge, while I was completely medicated... Andy, wait a minute... Do you understand the implications of this, I have no underpants on, and absolutely no recourse to my rights!
That couldn't possibly happen, we have very strict regulations about... Okay, let's stop wasting time here, where is this guy, what's his name?
I mean, Jesus, why don't you just get this damn thing and hand it over to me and I'll give it to these guys.
I tell you what the hell to do and you don't listen to me!
as she throws the pen down onto the coffee table: Assholes.
Then in a sudden burst of rage he grabs hold of the crutch, yanks it from her grasp and lunges at her. )O( MAN TROUBLE - Rev. 5/30/91 69.
What the hell good is that!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
You know, it's T-minus zero and counting, Harry, on this whole shitty deal.
Okay, just let me drive the goddamned car, that's all I ask.
Why? I'll tell you why, because you're a terrible driver, that's why.
And if this little kinglet of corporate shit thinks he can get away with this, he's greatly mistaken.
(thrown) Oh, well, no, they haven't... Excuse me a minute, Doctor.
Fuck! Christ.
You son of a bitch!
Who the hell do you think it is?! Sweetheart?
Shit.
(to Moncrief) Bullshit!
(to Joan) This asshole approached me and tried to bribe me into working for them, and I told him to go to hell!
I never cashed the fucking thing!
And I was especially moved by your rendition of 'The Battle Hymn of The...' Never mind that shit.
* Then: * I hate living here now.
Shit happens.
The driver's door suddenly opens and Harry, in the heat and fury of his jealousy, instantly begins berating her: Okay, what is this!
What the hell are you doing with this guy!
Oh shit...
He pushes him against the door and they begin battering each other with a series of punches.
She looks toward Harry and Eddy trading blows, then climbs up the rest of the way, and as she gets to her feet, she picks up a stone and throws it at them, yelling: You bastards!!
You shits!! What are you yelling at me for?!
This guy's a friend of yours?! None of you are friends of mine, you fucker!! (from above) Ma'am, is this guy bothering you?
(to the copter) I just saved her life, you son of bitches!! Give me that thing.
(up into the light) Will you please shut up and go away!!
Shut up, Deborah.
It's more of an accusation.
You as mad at me as Mom 'cause of what happened?
Are you mad at me? Uh...okay, no..
So stop being so maniacally calm.
She makes a noise of frustration to stop him..It works.
Phony.
(she looks at him blankly) Ruse?? (enjoying her father's absurdity) Rusevelt..If I'd ever heard of the word before - that would lock it in..It's so stupid it might work anyway... Surprise new clothes.. What'd I do right?
For God's sake..why did you... WHY?!!? CRAZY FATHER, WHY?!?
What's wrong?
Hell, I don't mind driving her at night.
What's wrong?
You are not yourself...This was written in anger.
Perverse?
Her words are slow...her voice ragged...
He reacts..then.. Okay.
He is disappointed.
What's wrong?
But not a penny was wasted.
Flor wearily throws it.
I should be whipped.
I don't think you want to wake her when you're this upset and the other kids are right there and... Flor makes a noise of frustration and retreats from the room.
(with anger) Why?!?
(stunned and worried) I never made that sound over a man before.. Flor shudders at her own sappiness as John opens the passenger door for her...very much into his own torture he nonetheless grabs her arm and guides her up and in..she catches and appreciates his automatic gracious manners while he is clearly fucked up...She is impatient with his solicitousness almost slapping his hands away as he makes sure her skirt doesn't get crushed in the door..The frustration roiling in her.
Two pissed-off people..jaws set...breathing labored..As the car starts and Flor looks back, she lets out a guttural and explosive shout... (a quick and mighty vent) Arrchhhhhyeeeeiii!
I quit this job!!!!!
Oh, shut up and stop telling me what to do.
That's another terrible job I quit.
They break.
She then talks Spanish to Cristina..admonishing her not to embarrass them..something about Flor being prepared to go nuts all over her daughter if she hurts their dignity...but it is said with total calm.
In the BACKGROUND, the Stringy Haired Woman is bitching to an overweight STORE MANAGER.
(punches out) Okay, Simon.
Lane Staley.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) RONNA (cont'd) Times twenty hits, that's a hundred bucks I'd be pissing out my dick.
Both of you chill the fuck out.
How would you fuck me?
Pharmaceutical grade, not that crunchy herbal rave shit.
Inflation's a bitch.
How much shit have I done for you?
Who the fuck are you?
I mean, he makes change out of the fucking register.
Oh shit.
Fuck you, Mannie!
Stop fucking paging me, Claire!
Where the fuck are they, Claire?
None of the crunchy herbal rave shit.
But goddamn, Ronna.
You fucked me over for 20 lousy hits.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) I know I fucked up, but I can make it up to you.
I'm the last fucking person you should be expecting a favor from.
I remembered who the fuck it was!
Fuck, I knew there was one.
Fuck.
Shit.
Shit!
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Part Two: `Shoot' Fucking let me out of here!
Mo'fuckin Jack-in-the-box.
Dude, you passed out before we left L.A. Pop! Goes the asshole.
It's stuck on the end of my dick.
What the fuck does that matter?
(on phone) No, I know Claire...Are you going to fuck her? Who are you?
Fuck yeah.
Holy shit.
What the fuck did I tell you!
He fucked up, he lost control.
Stop kicking him.
(no effect) I said to fucking stop kicking him.
Everybody back the fuck away.
Fuck.
Oh shit.
This thing is a wall of shit.
It is a fucking call from on high that I have to leave.
By being so fucking incompetent that the guy ahead of you can't even do his job, he falls on his ass and congratulations, you're on top.
Motherfucker!
Grab what you can.
What the fuck?
Tiny SCREAMS.
Simon pulls it back into the lane.
Mother of fuck!
Shit.
The abrupt stop sends Tiny flying into the front seat, where his head SMACKS against the dash.
Two bullets punch through the windshield.
Clearing the end of the alley, Simon punches the gas.
Do you know who your girlfriend's fucking?
One crack whore off the street.
Burke cracks his neck, showtime.
What the fuck!
Both men SCREAM.
He hangs up.
The Supafest is still RAGING in the distance.
I hate it, yet I'm uncontrollably drawn to it.
A beat.
We * TILT UP to reveal the opener is actually... * He charges right into the room, shutting the door behind him.
God! Shit!
* Vic Jr. COCKS the gun.
(undoes chain) You won't believe the shit I've been through... Without a word, Gaines grabs him by the collar and SMASHES him, one punch to the face.
Weapons of Ass Destruction's out then.
Fuck you, man. 4 4 They drive up to Clark Secondary.
You're being an idiot, man.
Fuck it.
What the hell's wrong with Dimitri?
I knocked the fuckin' shit out of him in capture the flag last week.
I fucking hate that guy.
Evan is playfully throwing flour at a tiny Japanese boy.
That's good shit.
(whispering) Dude! She's havin' a fuckin' party.
(pissed) Yeah, well I'll be at Junior college where the girls are half as smart, and thus twice as likely to blow me.
It's located on my cock.
Whatever shit you think people would like, I don't really know.
She fucking wants my dick!
She wants to fuck me, man.
Fucking!
Then, by the time college rolls around, I'm the fuckin' fucking master, man!
What the hell, Evan?
Fuck you, man.
Fuck off, Greg.
I've fully ignored my hatred for Helen in coming up with this, which is a big ass deal.
I'll fuck your Mom in the basement while you steal the liquor.
Fuck you, asshole.
It's fucking water!
(drinks again) Fuck.
Your brother beat us to the punch.
Well, fuck...fine.
Text your brother he's a stupid piece of crap.
If we get it now we can get to the party faster with all of Jules' shit.
I'm gonna steal the booze.
That was good thinking, that's fucking pimp.
Fogell, he's not going to steal it.
Not Fogell... (whisper) Shut up, Moscovitch.
Fuck.
You asshole!
That's nuts.
Holy Shit!
It's killing me.
And you're the one that got punched.
Boo-fuckin'-hoo.
(thinking) Holy shit... Seth answers the phone.
74 74 Evan is walking down an alley, mad as hell, when, suddenly, he jumps up and starts squirming.
76 76 As they enter the bar they immediately see a drunken, crazed HOMELESS GUY screaming at a bar tender.
The Homeless Guy makes a mad dash for the kitchen, and Fogell is the only one in his way!
Stop him, McLovin!!!
The Homeless Guy RAMS straight into him and knocks both of them onto the kitchen floor!!! 77 77 The kitchen staff watch in awe as the Homeless Guy wrestles Fogell on the ground.
Stop, you fucking bum!!!
The Homeless Guy gets up, grabs Fogell and HURLS him into a rack of trays!
Oh shit.
It's fucking blood.
This is un-fucking-believable.
Who gives a shit?
Fuck!
They're going to kill that guy, man.
That bitch's boyfriend is so pissed.
The dude with the crazy raps, the one I told you about!
Dude 3 gets up and blocks the door.
Rap.
Rap.
We're blood brothers.
Shut it, you little shitter!
What the hell were you doing dancing with Jacinda?
(point at Seth's splotch) Then where did that come from, asshole?
...cause, yo! Bitches and gats, bitches and gats, what do all of we's got?
Bitches and gats!
Bitches and gats!
I kill the whores of Vice City with my magnum 9/Take out the punk pigs with my Glok design/ Drink a fifth of Hennessy and get benign/Fuck all the bitches with their asses fine (cheering) Oh!!! SOME GUY bursts into the room.
And what the fuck is this?
It flies towards Evan, who ducks, and nails Dude 1 in the head, glass exploding everywhere!!! Dude 1 clutches his bloody head as the other Dudes charge at Mark!
I didn't push you into fucking oncoming traffic!
What, when cops drive like maniacs and hop the fucking curb?
We arrest these little crap stains and dump it on them, I'll take care of that.
Now! Spread your shit!
(mocking) Puh- Puh- Please shut the fuck up! 104 104 Was the guy alright?
Point is, we trash another car, without a good reason, we're fucked.
Shit! Seth! Wait up! Shit! Shit! McLovin bailed!
106 106 Fuck! 107 107 108 108 109 109 (hysterical) Help/ It's a monster!/ Daddy!
Holy shit!
You sick sons-of-bitches!
Help! Aaaahhh!!!! Stupid little bastards.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Should I run!?! Fucking run! 113 113 114 114 Hey! It's you!
That was beer?! (to Fogell) Well, you little shit...ain't got no cop people to help you keep your booze...gimme it... Back off, or we'll kick the shit out of you!
(in slo-mo voice) Shit!!! Gold!!! What the hell is going on?
(calling from front) Get the fuck off the bus or I'm calling the cops!!! 115 115 (ecstatic) Holy shit!
116 116 117 117 Fuck yeah, guys.
Shut up, Fogell.
Fuck, Fogell!
You are so fucking hilarious!
Good... What the fuck...stupid shoe... Shit.
Fuckin'...careful.
What's wrong?
What the fuck!
...Evan... 138 138 Life's bullshit, huh, Miroki?
Fuckin' wax off, asshole!
We had a complaint about the noise.
I'll tell you what would release some anger, if one of these little fuckers touched me and I got to club his face in.
What the fuck?
Shut the fuck up! Wait a minute.
Fuckin...you got pizza bagels still?
Nice! 142 142 Stupid pigs.
143 143 So...am I going to jail? (laughing his ass off) Yeah!! You're going to fuckin' Azkaban!!! What?
You are the funniest fuckin' kid I have ever met! We've been fuckin' with you!
You are so fucking on.
I fucking love you!
I fucking love you, too, man!
Holy shit!
(pretending to smile) Fuck that, man.
(to Jules) But seriously, I acted like a fuckin' idiot last night.
Yeah, but wait...you drove me here, Evan drove me here, how do we- I've got my dad's car.
Has the gentleman a complaint?
(lightly) One meal a day, I'd hate to spoil it.
Mon Dieu -- the pearls -- if they were to break -- The pearls won't break -- they hold together and bring me bad luck ---- I hate them!
Who am I that I should wait like a fool at the door?
Or, are we all mad?
Personally, I hate offices -- I'd much rather be in the movies.
Did you quarrel?
Madame is ill -- her nerves... Her nerves... What about my nerves?... Who is she anyway?
Yes... (to Baron) No -- What?... Cancel Vienna?... Are you mad?
Evil days -- I've shown you here -- (he bangs the paper) -- my company exports to the Balkans alone, sixty-five thousand marks worth of mop rags a year.
(glancing at his watch) Why waste time -- it's getting late.
(throwing the telegram on the table) That.
What is this insolence?
Me? Yes you -- shut your mouth -- get out -- you're discharged.
(his laugh becomes a convulsive sob) Come, Mr. Kringelein.
(he pulls him out of the scene towards the bar) (his fists clenched, between his teeth) The man's insane -- he acts as if he is glad he is going to die... (hesitates -- to Flaemmchen) I shall see you in the lobby in half an hour.
Money has become so much mad paper to him.)
There are complaints in the hotel about the noise.
I put my hat down here, somewhere.
No -- no -- wait -- the man was a burglar -- he was going to steal my money.
Come, Madam, are you mad? Have you seen Baron von Gaigern?
Who is the enemy ?
Y-You c... can say that again... Fuck you !... Fuck you !... I'll tear your fuckin' head off !
You fuckin' cocksucker !
Get up! Get the fuck off me !
You are an asshole !
A little humanity... Funny... Oh, fucking laugh !...We're entertaining the shit out of you, aren't we ?
"Trapped rat" syndrome with a recommendation of a "Non fuck with" therapy !
It's all one place ?... Goddamn... Like peeking through a keyhole...
You want me to lock on the way out ?
Your bedroom ?... Damn... Knock... Knock... Don't... don't come into my office like that, bro.
If a friend of mine got killed, and the only thing between the killer and me was Miranda, you know what I will do ?... Huh ?... Fuck Miranda up the ass.
Jesus Christ !... Are you going to arrest me, Lieutenant Martinez ?
And keep your mouth shut.
Oh shit !
I'll tell you said so... I'm sure it will mean a lot to her... Check this fucking bed !
Shit !... What the fuck is going on here ?
How many times was he stabbed ?
I mean, why stab a guy thirty times ?... Bob !... He'd piss in his pants if you showed him a knife, you know that... What are you saying ?
It's not the robbery he's an expert on, it's the rage.
What's wrong ?
He was jealous.
Sondra tried to do this to my clothes... while I was wearing them; butcher knife in hand, screaming.
Suck my Tinkertoy, you faggot cretin... after you suck my scalpel, Doctor.
Goddamn it !
It catches Fuck you !
Fuck you!
Get the... You... Ohh! Get the fuck...
Then Sondra, she stabbed her father with a knife... and a fork.
That Richie's been busted for drugs... and Casey hates his father so much... he set the house on fire.
What the hell is this ?
Buck puts Oh, shit !
Shit !
What are you getting at, Buck ?
You're lying.
You're lying.
You're lying.
You're lying !
Goddamn it, Buck !
You're lying to me !
Why are you lying to me ?
Goddamn tar baby !
Fuck it !
You calm down, and you stop... Where's the picture ?
Including you, Mr. Psycho-fucking-analyst ?
Why didn't you tell me Buck was a cop... not to mention a suspect in a murder case ?
Because... I'm not your patient, and I don't have to tell you shit !
That's right, you don't have to tell me shit !
Get the fuck out of here !
One fuckin' thing !
I know you can't... you lyin' sack of shit !
After my wife died, I wanted to slaughter this cock-sucker !
So much for the famous fucking Monday group !
Goddamn bull market's killing my sex life.
Yeah but... I'm more a buyer of... (thinks for a minute) What the fuck is that?
Greed was good.
So greed has been redefined.
Maybe I was in prison too long but I have no idea what half that shit means.
He killed himself this morning.
She hates me.
And she hates Wall Street and everything it represents... so don't you find it curious that she would fall in love with you?
It was that fucking rumor.
I was a fucked up kid, I was angry, my mother couldn't control me.
What the fuck is pancreatitis anyway?
Andrew Zabel killed himself.
I crushed him.
Jacob... Robby, I got you the fucking the job!
And that's what he deserves.
I was angry.
Your relationship with Bretton is still fragile -- you fuck it up here and you're done.
Who the fuck is this?
Who the fuck is this?
It was that mortgage shit.
... with his angry letters to company boards that are nothing but veiled threats in the name of activism.
You hate finance.
You hate Wall Street.
What's wrong?
Oh, shut up.
And they better fucking go up.
(almost to himself) Both those assholes got the cover when they were convicted.
And they said to stay away from the brokerages, banks and insurers... (pause for effect, then...) ... where the fuck was that advice five months ago?
What the fuck?
Yeah, we fucked up.
Yeah, they fucked up too.
Fucked up.
That you fucked up.
That he has to piss on the whole game.
We're getting fucking killed.
Fuck it.
Well, I suppose it went to hell with your fucking insurance stocks.
He wants to close the fund... he wants to ride off into the fucking sunset... Okay... No, it's not okay... because we're so fucking close... and he's going to walk with six hundred million dollars and that's unacceptable.
Because nobody gave a shit about me before Andrew Zabel came along.
God, de-leveraging is a bitch.
This thing's going to hell in a bucket and I'm sick of being on sidelines, Pal.
I don't give a shit about the money.
I lied to you.
Who the hell is Sammy Redding?
It's been a bitch of a month, my friend... tell me this visit does not bring bad news.
They don't know where half of the fucking money is going.
This is his revenge.
They took a hundred, twenty two thousand, six hundred and forty hours from me... for a goddamn victimless crime.
And when I get out... who's there waiting for me?
No... go back... go away... Hector walks on again, taking big, angry father strides.
Leave me alone!
With a sigh of frustration he heads for the beach.
You're wrong!
Who saved your neck in Venice?
Are you jealous?
There is tension.
Hector curses quietly and looks out across the dunes, angry with himself.
He points repeatedly at his navel.
Dom Paulo's Officers enjoy a muted titter as he peels off his precious rings and gives them to the King, replacing the worthless baubles around his own neck.
Hector waits outside, watching the small human dramas all around him.
That was stupid... Did you see him?
How the fuck should I know?
Hector follows him, a mad race through the forest.
Maybe he's lost too... on his own... must be Delaware... they were chased up here years ago... everybody thought they'd cleared off west... the other side of Ohio... they were an angry lot... no wonder... they used to farm on the coast.
Smell it?
Where the hell is it coming from?
Who are you... the fucking king?
The media mob immediately switch off their energy.
She looks angry.
Come back from there, Troup, the floor's still moving... I'll make a couple of calls... I'll straighten it out... is she bad?
My weekend's ruined before it's started.
Their perplexed expressions make them look younger than they are, and vulnerable.
What's wrong with that?
This is ridiculous.
(pause) No, I'll stop up there in a little while.
She stops, distressed.
So you're a lawyer.
Criminal.
You were lying.
Then why did she object to you?
A gull smashed into Annie's front door.
It's so damn quiet out there.
They were angry, Mitch.
They came out of the chimney in fury.
Lock your doors and windows!
(yelling) Mother!
I hate to have it end.
Then you can only lose once.
There's one in my pocket but I hate to reach for it... thanks.
Today I'd hate to tangle with a butterfly.
Son, I waste my time.
So he can fight.
I always have somebody to lie to me.
Goin' back to your room will be a waste of time.
I can -- but it quiets my nerves.
The gold I was hauling was stolen and James Goddard, the guard, was murdered in cold blood.
(Haven loads it as it goes on) I suggest that you start all over again, with this point in mind: the duty of a peace officer is to arrest the culprit of a crime -- not the victim.
I can realize how seldom legal technicalities annoy you -- but I have one that might.
You've gotten a man killed and Mrs. Caslon's gold stolen.
What difference does it make how you get killed?
You want me to fatten you up before you kill me?
I keep a bunch of gimeracks -- an oldtime sheriff's gun, a bullet from a dead bandit, a rosary from some guy they hanged.
For what? Murder.
He's the antagonist.
It couldn't be; it's too stupid.
I'm distracted.
You called her mother a whore.
Robinov's Revenge?
Hell in a Handbasket.
She steals the money from Mr. Mulroney.
Toulour gets there and smacks it back.
But Toulour is waiting and hits a kill shot.
She hated you.
She hated everybody.
You're wasting your time.
I am arrogant.
But...it's a curse.
Fans scream out her name, thrust paper and pen at her for autographs.
Tess enters and shuts the door behind her.
You want to shut down half the electronic system, let me post eight cops in the room... Saul, Frank, and Rusty clench teeth and fists... On pins and needles for a moment.
Damn.
There's a knock at the door.
A beat.
I want to be on record as saying that you should have shut the entire museum down.
You're a terrible liar.
I'm a good liar.
That was...okay, so I'm not a good liar.
I hate you.
Toulour stops.
You stole it on the way to Rome didn't you?
I stole a replica.
'Like sands through the hour- glass, so are the days of our lives...' (switching channels) 'Michael Shields, come on down, you're the next contestant on...'The Price is Right'.' (switching again) I'll take Domestic Nuclear Disasters for two hundred thousand, Alex... We interrupt our regularly scheduled program to bring you the Second Civil War... Well, shit.
But Idaho and the soldier aren't programmed for explanations -- they grab him.
Now fight.
Far below, the river rages.
CRACK.
A buck seventy-five on a strip.
A buck seventy-five?
Authorized by -- You're not authorized by shit.
They need help with the goddamn Holnists.
A KNOCK at the door.
A beat.
Filled with impotent fury, Briscoe squeezes out the words.
(burying his anger) Man came through here.
(grabs harness) Don't be a damn fool.
What kind should I be?... Haw! Ford digs his heels into the pony and is off in a flash doing damn near a buck seventy-five.
They say this army is illegal.
Drop dead and go to hell!
What the hell are you doing?! Open the gates!
He shakes his head, a quiet rage building.
A mark doesn't mean I'm a -- You're a liar.
Taking one last stab at a joke.
The Postman lies back on his cot.
Must be another storm -- Abby gets up and throws a log on the fire.
And worse company to -- And with the SLAM of the DOOR she is gone.
Holy shit...
I lied.
Bethlehem bellows in rage.
Through bandit's hell, through fire fight.
It says we quit.
It says you quit.
Emissaries from hell.
We're both a couple of frauds.
Both combatants have taken a beating -- and still, they fight on -- trading bloody, raw-knuckled punches.
(moving) Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuck.
Fuckes.
They don't like their looks so they're angry.
(then) They hated me.
Shit, shit, shit... (caught up) You're almost there, you can do it -- can do -- can do.
You hear me, Tom? Tom? Tom? Damn it...He can't hear me... (to Blair) I told you if there was one thing... (voice over; relaxed) I can hear you.
When you speak to him he's not at all nuts.
Oh shit, you bastards... Sorry.
They do...the plural threw me.
Will you crack my neck?
(reading) But cops on the street continue to view it as... Shit -- too long.
What's wrong with it?
Bullshit me a little...I'm beginning to appreciate it.
(emotional) Ah, damn -- the fucking jerks -- My, God.
Because you're nuts.
Those sons-of-bitches...They are worse than accountants -- they are bad accountants.
We disagree on how God-awful it was.
(livid) Jesus, if you're glib about this I'm going to lose it.
We've got six days; if you go and we fight and we hate it -- we'll come home.
Holy shit, Aaron.
Damn.
(irritated, impatient) Take it off.
(pointing to the pile of devices) That stuff cost me over 200 dollars -- Then it's 200 dollars of shit...
Shit.
'Fuck...' 'Shit...' these are highly technical golf terms and you're using them on your first lesson -- this is promising.
You wound me.
You son of a bitch.
Romeo scoops balls into wire buckets from the garbage can of water where the balls are washing.
Tin Cup punches the new time clock which is located under the awning near the ball wash.
But I'm the only woman in America born after World War II who thinks astrology is a crock of shit.
He's taking her to Miami for the fucking Doral!
Get the hell off my course.
No. He's a hell of a swimmer, see.
He's a juvenile idiot.
You perverts did that for me?
Now move the hell back and shut the fuck up.
This is ridiculous.
Why do men insist on measuring their dicks?
What the hell you doin'?
I got a blind caddie... just hold the stick, Earl -- and be sure to pull it out... Tin Cup studies the hell out of this putt.
Okay, don't talk to me -- but you're still my guy... (losing patience) It's a little late to be pissed off!
Whining, bitching, pissed off -- you're my man!
This shit is us, man.
Well, God damn... a lost and desperate soul stands before you.
Now?! Utterly exposed, completely vulnerable, the inner child trying to get out.
And he swings.
And swings.
A little fucking thin?!
Tin Cup pretends to limber a little more before daring to strike another ball.
I got to kill the brain to kill the virus.
Fuck you.
Shut up and hit the ball.
I musta been blind thinking you were worth a shit, Simmsy!
We gotta get us on a Continental Trailways and find this damn place!
This is for Venturi, up there in the booth, thinking I should lay up... (addressing his ball) Dollar bills... That's a long fucking ways.
What the hell was I thinking?
How you choking?
He fucks up but he don't choke...
Hole a wedge for goddamn eagle.
Molly, I'm an idiot.
When Hassan is about to hand Yussef the rifle, Ahmed cuts him off, upset.
Father and son exchange an angry glance.
What the hell do you care?
Then why did daddy get so angry at mommy?
I'm gonna fuck your dad to get rid of my mood.
What do you care, whore?
And is that why you're insulting your sister?
People were screaming.
That was your rifle.
Yes, but you killed her.
What the hell are you talking about?
It's not bullshit; she's a whore and my brother spies on her... Nobody passes to them.
Santiago's car drives down the road, with a terrible sun beating down on it.
We were on the radio... Shh, shut up.
I fucking told Anwar, I told him he was only going to get us in trouble... he never comes and when he does he always brings trouble...god damn it... Are the Americans going to invade our country?
I hate you...
I hate you...
I don't give a shit... My love, don't move.
Fuck you.
A cowboy pulls out a gun and, festively, fires.
Then, the sound of doors slamming and unintelligible voices over a loudspeaker.
What the hell do you mean there isn't another ambulance?
Call another fucking ambulance...
How the fuck are they going to deal with it?
It's your shitty fucking country's responsibility.
Stop fucking with me.
What are you doing, you stupid fuck?
Leave asshole.
Fuck you.
Yussef, stop shooting!
Furious, Yussef loads the rifle again and starts shooting at the cops.
Move that truck... god damn it...
I was wrong...
The last thing I'm worried about right now is the fucking press.
Officer... officer... Kenji stops.
I don't mean to bother you, but... (a beat) Do you own a .270
Y'want to get a present for the Little Lady... No, you're the Boss Hog, Joe.
...I put myself, n'my friends in hock, set the deal up...
Go for it, motherfucker: you know where I am, I'm right here... Yeah.
...he's got terrible manners.
I'll tell you what, you make the decisions, and I'll bitch at you.
You do whatever the fuck you have to do...
...an if, an if... well, why didn't you, no, wait a sec... wait a second, f'it's about your wife, F'It's about your wife, why din'tcha... no, wait a... will you WAIT, what I'm saying, if the whole thing is about your wife, you know what, you know what, the hell with it.
They worked out on the plan, why all a sudden now, you... Because, lemme explain it to you: because when it starts to go sour, someby's gonna be pissing their shit, look'n around, shoot someb'y inna head, I'd like to have an alternative idea, is the explanation.
What was your alibi, a waste of time?
You fucken cowboy, I oughta Tell me why I don't leave him out inna ditch somewh... Get us the fuck outtahere.
You should see the other guy... ...when we do the switch, the Highway... PINCUS (cont'd) ...he can't hear... ...he can't hear what you don't say... I'm gonna be as quier as an ant pissing on cotton.
Don't think it: Don't be as quiet as an ant pissing on cotton, don't be quiet as an ant thinking about pissing on cotton.
Yeah, well, I went to the Other camp, which is Fuss it to Death, and Fuck it into a Cocked Hat, or do you want to run the show...? Then we ready to Go Do it?
I swear to God, I... are they gone...? They're gone.
Is it enough for you...? The Lord hates a coward...
...the fuck you doing, sneaking in on a man, middle of the What you doin here?
No Hard Feelings...? ...last thing in the World... ...I don't give a fuck.
That bible, stopped a bullet, would have ruined that fucker's heart.
Who the hell d'you think you're kidding with that lll... Please tell me the code.
I got to take down your badge nnn... I'm holdin' it up to the damn... ...the video's out.
Where...? Oh shit... TROOPER (cont'd) Aerohelvetica.
I threw it in the garb... Joe: Joe, Listen: Where's my explosion, I'm up here naked... Joe: they got your... Joe... they got your... PINCUS (cont'd) Go sell chocolate, you Heidi Motherfuckers.
I'm saying... Fuck it... if they got you on film I am not going through that with the gold and you in the truck.
I don't think you... CASHIER (cont'd) I'm telling you, I hate to... We're in a hurry... ...you must be some kind of rich...
Where the, where the hell, excuse me.
Why'd you have to hit him?
Are you nuts?
I had a fight with my husband... and he said... I said... "then let me out of the car..." ... and he did... FRAN (cont'd) ...that was the stupidest thing... the stupidest thing that... How you doing?
...and where's the Gold... BERGMAN (cont'd) ...you're shitting me... Hah.
Get up, get up, you contrary motherfucker.
I've wasted your time.
Bloody hell, I buggered that.
Your brother came to me the other day, livid a certain lady has been refused an invitation to my Silver Jubilee.
Pretend.
I'll wager they're saying: There's the useless one who can't speak.
Lying bastard!
Which is why she dislikes you.
CRUNCH.
Mine lay rigid, fists clenched angrily at his sides, daring the Reaper: take me, you bastard!
What was he angry about?
Or will it be: "Myrtle says no?" You sound angry.
Yes, I told you, I have a temper.
Angry at me, or at your brother?
What a bloody stupid question!
Bloody.
Bugger!
Well bloody bugger to you, you beastly bastard!
Shit then.
Shit, shit, shit!
Because I'm angry!
Oh Bertie... Fuck.
Fuck, fuck, fuck!
bloody!
Shit, shit, shit!
Fuck, fuck, fuck!
And failing that...
He shuts it quickly.
Who the hell do you think you are?!
What crime?
Why waste my time listening to you?
Would you like to sing, dance, and shout rude words?
The Floor Manager tries to warn him with his eyes.
You refusing to talk to her.
Barely containing his rage, Matt stares at postcard before grabbing ALL THE POSTCARDS in that rack.
And Jesus Christ, enough with the goddamn texting!
Emily takes off but doesn't get far -- she falls flat on her face, golf club in one hand, BOTTLE in the other.
Alex! Dad? (laughing, to Emily) My fucking dad is here!
Fuck Mom! What did I say about the language?
So the fuck what?
Then she got super-mad and started yelling at me and denied it.
Matt arrives at his neighbors' house and lets himself in the kitchen door.
Shit, Matt.
Oh, Matt, you're angry.
That fucking Neanderthal?
Are you fucking kidding me?
You little fuck.
You suck, Sid.
The first time I got my period I thought I shit my pants.
That house is a piece of shit.
(tempted, then --) No, wait, this is stupid -- this stalking, or whatever the hell we're doing.
Lying there on a ventilator and still fucking up my life.
I'm mad at her.
I'll be angry later.
And I met your dad - - he packs a mean punch.
The Descendants PINK Shooting Draft 4/11/10 Draft There's an argument to be made for maxing it out.
Are you shitting me?
Hell, we should have put in a zip-line.
I used to do some messed-up shit when I was a kid.
We just, I don't know, we deal with our shit by talking about other stuff and having a good time.
Son-of-a-bitch is going to make a shitload of money on commissions.
Fuck you.
You're sorry you fucked her? You're sorry you fucked over my dad?
How'd you get the nerve to ask her out?
I mean, we know you have a lot on your plate right now, but you're not going to fuck this up for us.
Goddamn.
Hey, motherfucker.
Jeez, you sound fucking terrific.
Very hot.
I'm gonna rape you, cut you, the usual crap.
Can you postpone?
Everybody hates you.
You're an asshole and you're stupid.
Hell, I think the league gave you a raw deal.
What the hell, shit floats.
Damn raccoon.
You want me to indulge your fucking paranoia, I'll throw the door open, is that what you want me to do...? Is this a trick question?
Door stays shut.
... I'm gonna count to three, and then I'm gonna put a bullet in there, and you can stop me anytime by speaking the truth.
Joe, dammit -- !
I'd say roughly until you put your dick in my wife.
You tripped.
You said, 'Whoops,' and accidentally fucked my wife.
That bothers you, doesn't it?
I say two words to Cory and you don't get paid, asshole.
You couldn't protect a cup of warm piss.
Hit me.
At least I didn't shit my talent away on coke, motherfucker.
Can I hit you now?
You can throw a better pass.
I didn't vote for you, you bastard.
You're a fuckin' lowlife, Joe.
Shit, he's packing.
Except -- Except you told me that Mike was a shitty surveillance man.
They made him, and they killed him.
He was fucking my wife, Jimmy.
Shit.
Do me a favor and shut up.
Fuck you.
Fuck you and the horse that looks like you.
Fuckin' football.
Free agents ruined the damn game.
Fuck you.
That son of a bitch!
What the fuck are you trying to do, Tarzan?
You don't start a fight in a police station, dickhead.
You mean, we're gonna nail these fuckers after all...? (grins) Damn.
Shut the fuck up.
I'm paying the fucking rent.
What, they're both diseases?
Man, I don't want to meet the bitch that fucked you up.
Little bitter, Joe? Eat shit.
Well, shit.
Where the hell are you going?
Shit.
Jeez.
You're a fucking asshole!
You dumb bastard, you're going to pay for that.
Jesus fucking Christ!
What? Get the fuck out of here, I'll take the heat on this one.
Goddammit, this is a police matter, you son of a bitch!
I'm sick and fucking tired of sweeping up your dead bodies, Joe, and the next time I see your ugly mug I'm puttin' a bullet in it.
It's fucking vomit, okay?
Fuckin' bitch...
Shit.
My fuckin' car.
Stupid bitch wrecked my car... Do you know who I am...? I'm Louis Baynard, my father is Calvin D. Baynard, man.
You'll tell 'em what happened, right...? Bitch swerved in front of me, man.
Wrecked my fuckin' Mercedes.
I went a little nuts.
I hit him.
The senator fucked your job.
I don't give a shit.
Now I'm content if I like the guy she's fucking.
I went to a party and shit on a car.
Damn.
I'm a fucking slug, throw salt on me I'd curl up.
You're wrong.
So deep I don't know what the fuck it means.
This little guy who only got seventeen minutes, who was he, Joe...? What was he like?
Not in my house, you dumb motherfucker.
You stupid bastard, do you know what you've done?
That was a thousand bucks' worth of shit!
I'm just mixing it in with all the other shit.
(beat) Get the fuck out of my house.
I'll break your fucking neck, kiddo.
I use that stuff to get by, so fuck you.
And your fucking kid??
I go to church, I give to the United Way, what is this dead wife and kid shit...?' And he didn't say nothin', Joe.
And then I lose my job, my fucking life, okay, and why...?
Life's a bitch.
Milo warned us to watch out for this guy.
Fuck that.
Guy's a piece of shit.
(draws his gun) You son-of-a-bitch.
'Fuckin' A, you killed him, he's fuckin' dead!!!
Oh, Goddamn.
(waves his hand) Fuck it.
Anymore, no one gives a shit.
To greed, you follow?
(sudden realization) Shit, that's what this is about!
'Fuck you, Sarah'?
Fuck you, Sarah!
Fuck you, Sarah...
You're wasting my time, Joseph.
If it annoys you, I could always adopt a Texas drawl, though I'm afraid I don't know any stories about fucking pigs.
Goddamn fruitcake.
Fuckin' Hallenbeck killed the second and third teams.
Fuck you, cocksucker.
Aw, shit!
Fuck you, man.
Shit.
Shit.
I can't see a fucking thing.
Fuck you.
Hey! Any of you stupid fucks bother to frisk this goombah?
Goddammit, that's two million bucks there, now frisk the fuckin' guy! Hey, baby, I'm clean, take it easy -- Fuck easy.
Holy fucking shit!
Air One, Air One, where the fuck is he?
We're fucked.
It's a fucking setup!
Who the fuck is he?
Son of a bitch!
It's Dix, the Goddamn quarterback!
Daddy!! Shit.
Third and long, baby, lets' go... Dad...! What the hell's she doing here??
(beat) Oh, shit.
Hang on.
We're dead.
What the fuck?
Shit fuck piss!
You're fucked by God.
Yeah... you're so guilty about paying those hitmen to kill him, that you're gonna kill yourself.
You son of a bitch...! We don't like Pablo very much, do we, Furry Tom...? (as Furry Tom) No, Mr. Hallenbeck, we think Pablo is a motherless fuck who takes it up the ass.
Shit, is he doing that?
The gun is silenced, I'll fuckin' kill you.
Well, Goddamn.
Shit.
You son of a bitch, you were gonna let him kill me!
Speaking of which, what the fuck are you doing here?
She wasn't a hooker, dickhead.
Kill them, Goddammit, waste 'em both!
Let's humor this asshole.
Fuck it, they can't prove a thing.
Cut.
Do you still want to try? Ahh, shit.
That's not L.A.P.D.... Son of a bitch!
You fucked up my face, Joseph!
Son of a bitch got the wrong one!
Shit, Joe...
I'm your lawyer.
(pause) Is this a fuckin' joke?
You don't know who the fuck-- That's not you having a whiskey sour with Carmine Morada.
This is fucked.
You're goddam right you jumped the gun.
I thought since you're the expert on-- Goddammit, shut the fuck up and turn on CNN! Alright, I made a joke about squirrels, don't get so-- Do it!
Jesus H. Christ.
A guy got hit by a bus.
You're learning a cruel lesson.
No. You've got a bunch of Armani suits, they didn't take 'em?
I didn't want to bother you during your racquetball game.
Yes , for my wife, what the hell kinds of questions are these.
You're wrong.
Destroy his credibility before he goes public.
(softly) Shit.
The attorney?
Gentlemen-- This is bullshit .
Bobby-- Fuck off.
Because she's reading the newspaper, you asshole.
You had an affair with this woman, Robert, we went to a fucking counselor for a year.
You wanna fuckin' what ?
You want money?! Shut the fuck up.
(under his breath) I hate these guys.
Why can't I bring in a man whose name is in the fucking phonebook ?! He's clever.
And they killed-- Calm down.
Go fuck yourself.
I was in a car chase and a small explosion.
Under no circumstances will I be angry with you.
The NSA killed him.
They're hiding in a duct on the third floor.
What the fuck?!
Drive the damn car!
What if we just fucked with 'em? (pause) How? Same way they did with you and me.
And then when he's pissed as hell, we're gonna drop the tape in his lap.
Beyond that-- Shit.
I don't know what the hell this is all about.
You think this is the best time to piss him off?
He thinks we're stupid.
I don't know what's going on, but if you people have tripped over your own asshole again, you're not gonna get any help from us.
(beat) Kill him now.
The fuck is this?
Shit.
Fuck me! What'd you do?
What's so fuckin' funny?
We've been fucked with our pants on.
The hated tongue.
Jannie, willing to take three punches to land one, absorbs PK's point scoring combinations and tries to land knockout punches.
When he has had enough punishment he lunges into a clinch.
You teach this boy basics, and you teach him good or I knock your black head flat, you hear?
PK fires the last three punches like lightning and backs up.
In this he strove to be perfect, and in the end it was his quest for perfection that provoked anger from above and killed him.
This stupid hatred.
A white man would scream bloody murder.
Everyone gets out of the car and passes through the door which shuts behind them.
Nguni knocks on the door.
He's got no strength in his punch.
You put your punches there, you win.
In a fight behind on points.
You're breaking up with me.
Damn you.
What the hell are you talking about?
Mandoma throws a jab.
Twice punished.
Hell's comin'.
Mixed with a little alcohol it's fuckin' lethal.
He grabs his head and staggers backwards; a mad look comes into his eyes.
He's dead.
He drops his ear to the floor.
And rich as a fuckin' lord.
There's not a soul in this county isn't sick to death of your bullshit, Charley.
Get the goddamn car.
There's enough ignorance in the world without us encouraging it in the classroom-- Now who are you calling ignorant?
Your father was a hell of a mechanic.
Have we had trouble there before?
Guy cracks walnuts with his asshole.
I told the story enough times--hell, we were just in the car, he was stewing about the fight with Buddy while we drove over to Roderick Bledsoe's-- Bledso He owned the colored roadhouse before Big O-- He still living?
This is a hell of a time to be draggin' up old business.
Who'd want to be friends with that bunch of pachuco wannabes?
I don't pretend I came over on the Mayflower-- And those stupid girls who hang out with them-- Just shut up.
(Pissed off) Thank you.
You people are stealing my money-- Entiende?
He was like the whatchacallit-- the referee for this damn menudo we got down here.
Say I get transferred to a different post-- I'd quit the Army for you, if it came to that.
Big goddamn deal.
Damn.
He hates me.
So? What's he gonna do, arrest us?
How 'bout you?
Well, it's a complicated issue-- Yeah, Ray, you'd be a hell of a Sheriff.
If I want to fuck it up, that's my business.
So don't act like an idiot, all right?
The question's just been where to draw it My government can go fuck itself, and so can yours.
[Shit, CHUCHO you got to stay hidden!]
Half the damn county knew and nobody thought the worse of her for seein' it through.
You fucking asshole!
You stay out of my fuckin' life!
Gimme the keys--gimme the goddamn car keys, son-- What am I s'posed to do with her, Buddy?
You leave her the fuck alone!
He holds her and they lie silently for a moment-- Pilar-- Yeah?
That guy who got shot-- You didn't go telling your father you were here?
(Shrugs) He's still pissed off about it.
When you're his age you'll still be pissed off about him.
Yeah, I know--Man made me memorize the whole damn Army chain of command before he'd marry me.
Stole ten thousand dollars to set her up in business.
Buddy's a goddamn legend.
(annoyed) It's fine, really... (horrified) I told them to double bag this!
All this "Men Are From Venus" bullshit is a waste of your time and money.
Ratings.
Who the hell is this guy?
You are wound like a fuckin' top.
'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 Thank your pussy for me, then.
Make him look like a complete idiot.
And I thought you were angry and bitter.
You threw up in my car.
He was exposed to asbestos!
* Keep it clean, keep it moving, and stick to the script.
Where the hell is he going?! Follow him!
'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 I'm such an idiot -- You alright?
Why do you hate my guts?
I hate what you represent.
You make him wait until he gets frustrated and hangs up.
'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 (scoffing) I don't want a "bitch."
And Colin would never be a bitch.
When we ask you how you're doing, it's just guy code for "let me put my dick in your ass."
Except no one wants to fuck it.
I hate Tolstoy.
What the hell is that?! Nod if you can hear me.
Wait -- what the fuck are you * doing?
Dude, what the fuck?! Dude, what the fuck?! What?
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Shit.
What are you wasting your time on the internet for anyway?
(shouting) Who is it?
I don't want to fuck it up.
What's wrong?
Who says I'm a man-whore?
Man-whores want women who wear slutty clothes and suck lots of cock.
I can say cock.
Cock.
My whole life is a lie.
Oh fuck, what am I doing?
He quit this morning.
Corporate's having a shit fit.
What the hell happened?
She turns back to the candidates, frustrated.
We're here at the Balloon Fiesta, and I'm supposed to be telling you men are full of hot air, but I think we all know, it's the ladies that are full of crap.
He up and quit the show without so much as a word.
They're fallacies.
Mike continues his rant.
Yes, women have a checklist, but sometimes that list includes a foul-mouthed idiot who took way too long to realize he was in love.
The bullet, which may expand, fragment or tumble, then passes through the brain... Fucking firemen are getting pussy for the first time in the history of fire.
La di (fuckin') da.
(You little fuckin' snake.)
You were different fuckin' people.
So tell me, what's a lace curtain motherfucker like you doing in the Staties?
(after a "we got a live one" glance at Queenan) What the fuck did you say to me, trainee?
"Am I an asshole?" "Are my kids a mess?" "Is my wife a money-grubbing whore?"
Give me the fuckin' papers.
You fuckin' moron.
Fuckin' Ricans think they know everything.
If they knew shit they wouldn't be Puerto Ricans.
Dead up.
Cunt cop.
Fucking guineas.
That's not quite a guy you can't hit, but it's almost a guy you can't hit, so I'm fucking ruling on it right now that you don't hit him, understand?
Also I know you do another drug deal with your idiot fucking cop- magnet cousin I'll forget your grandmother was very nice to me and cut your fucking nuts off.
Get the fuck out of here.
I mean fuck yourself.
(points up) I'm one floor up.
Before I went to fucking Suffolk.
Contra-fucking-band. Take your fuckin' shoes off.
He's dead.
Who said he had a fuckin' problem.
The arm.
You swear on your mother's grave that you're not a cop.
You stop doing coke deals with your jerk-off cousin?
What's this IRA motherfucker doing in my bar? (slapping him on the back) Only kidding.
Don't you people ever shut the fuck up? "Another county heard from."
You give me a fuckin' tuba and I'll get you something out of it'.
Too bad.
You gonna give me shit, it wasn't no reason----he put his hand in his coat!
I don't know if he's a bookie or what the fuck he's doing... (interrupting) Well, you know what the fuck a bookie does?
Forty-eight hours from the time this phone first rings, you take the fucking chip out - like so - and you fucking destroy it.
But even though he got his money from me, he also would kill my entire fucking family if he saw me here with you.
Cui gives a shit.
Wake the fuck up.
I'm going fuckin' nuts.
People are liars.
Do you lie?
You lie.
They signed up to use their fuckin' weapons.
No one's more full of shit than a cop.
Last night I thought I was having a fucking heart attack.
You send him off to score smack on the fucking street?! (Is that what you do, Mrs. Fuckin' Doctor?) Two pills.
Why don't you just give me a bottle of scotch and a handgun to blow my fucking head off.
Are we done here with this psychiatry bullshit?
Is it enough to kill myself?
Because by my standards you fit the model of drug-seeking behavior, and fuck you if you don't like my initial clinical reaction.
Who gives a fuck?
You know, direct access to your fucking guys would have certain fuckin' advantages.
(looking at screens) Fuck it, who put the cameras in the fucking place?
Who the fuck are you.
He's a little upset.
For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons because here, in this country, it don't add inches to your dick.
[Next time you make me wait, I'm going to cut your dick off.
[Fuck you.]
The expedition continues this way.
Except sell the ching chongs a bunch of fuckin' plastic.
You've got degrees...you're a hot shit...
What the fuck is it with your phone?
Was that that shrink cunt answered the phone?
Why shouldn't I get on a fucking plane?
And how do we do that Mr... fucking genius who didn't even graduate the academy?
Disinform.
I'd lie.
Fucking now I do.
What the fuck do you do.
What the fuck are you talking about.
Oh my God, is that French out there? (grabbing him by the shirt) What the fuck did you just say about the FBI? Forget what I said.
I'm fucking high, I'm high.
Tell me what the fuck you said.
It fucking hurts.
It fucking hurts.
(looking at the screen) Maybe it's because it's always been so easy for me to get cunt that I never understood jerking off in a theatre.
Make arrest.
If this is inappropriate...
Stupid...Well, that leaves me out.
You accuse me twice, I quit.
You're seventy fucking years old.
As for running drugs, what the fuck.
I'm not capable (a beat) I'm fuckin' Irish, so I'll deal with something being wrong for the rest of my life.
Why the fuck are we following Captain Queenan?
(angrily) I have to follow every lead, however unlikely, however fucking painful it might be to your delicate fucking sensibilities.
He went to the top floor.
He's gonna fuckin' kill me, I know it.
That's a fucking lie.
No one calls me a liar.
Especially when I'm lying.
Everybody shut up.
Long fuckin' time.
He's fucking resigning.
Imagine that you rat fuck.
Fuckin' A it worked, that's what I'm talkin' about!
Knucklehead walks in a bank with a telephone, not a pistol, not a shotgun, but a fuckin' phone, cleans the place out, and they don't lift a fuckin' finger.
You tell 'em: "Empty out the register," and they don't know what it fuckin' means.
We keep on, one of those gook motherfuckers' gonna make us kill 'em.
And if it's not the gooks, it these old Jews who've owned the store for fifteen fuckin' generations.
Ya got Grandpa Irving sittin' behind the counter with a fuckin' Magnum.
Fuck it, forget it, we're out of it.
What's wrong with that?
The managers don't give a fuck, they're just tryin' to get ya out the door before you start pluggin' diners.
Busboys, some wetback gettin' paid a dollar fifty a hour gonna really give a fuck you're stealin' from the owner.
Any of you fuckin' pricks move and I'll execute every one of you motherfuckers! Got that?
That did it, man I'm fuckin' goin', that's all there is to it.
A lotta the same shit we got here, they got there, but there they're a little different.
No, they got the metric system there, they wouldn't know what the fuck a Quarter Pounder is.
Is it as bad as eatin' her out no, but you're in the same fuckin' ballpark.
Eatin' a bitch out, and givin' a bitch a foot massage ain't even the same fuckin' thing.
Don't be tellin' me about foot massages I'm the foot fuckin' master.
Given a lot of 'em? Shit yeah.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Man, you best back off, I'm gittin' pissed this is the door.
Look, just because I wouldn't give no man a foot massage, don't make it right for Marsellus to throw Antwan off a building into a glass- motherfuckin-house, fuckin' up the way the nigger talks.
Motherfucker do that to me, he better paralyze my ass, 'cause I'd kill'a motherfucker.
That's what's so fuckin' cool about 'em.
This sensual thing's goin' on that nobody's talkin about, but you know it and she knows it, fuckin' Marsellus knew it, and Antwan shoulda known fuckin' better.
That's his fuckin' wife, man.
He ain't gonna have a sense of humor about that shit.
You'a smart motherfucker, that's right.
Does-he-look-like-a-bitch?! (in agony) No. Then why did you try to fuck 'im like a bitch?! (in spasm) I didn't.
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers.
I think you're gonna find when all this shit is over and done I think you're gonna find yourself one smilin' motherfucker.
Who gives a shit?
Fuck pride!
Fight through that shit.
She's the big man's fuckin' wife.
But this one's a fuckin' madman.
White people who know the difference between good shit and bad shit, this is the house they come to.
My shit, I'll take the Pepsi Challenge with Amsterdam shit any ol' day of the fuckin' week.
Coke is fuckin' dead as disco.
Heroin's comin' back in a big fuckin' way.
Bell bottoms, heroin, they're as hot as hell.
Goddamn!
Why do we feel it's necessary to yak about bullshit in order to be comfortable?
When you can just shit the fuck up for a minute, and comfortably share silence.
I'm gonna take a piss.
Jesus Christ! (sounding weird) Mia! MIA! What the hell happened?
(to himself) I'll be a son-of-a-bitch.
I thought you told those fuckin' assholes never to call this late!
(by the phone) I told 'em and that's what I'm gonna tell this fuckin' asshole right now! (he answers the phone) Hello, do you know how late it is?
You're not supposed to be callin' me this fuckin' late.
Lance, this is Vincent, I'm in big fuckin' trouble man, I'm on my way to your place.
I need it man, I got a chick she's fuckin' Doing on me.
Then bite the fuckin' bullet, take 'er to a hospital and call a lawyer!
She ain't my fuckin' problem, you fucked her up, you deal with it are you talkin' to me on a cellular phone?
You crashed your car in my fuckin' house!
You talk about drug shit on a cellular fuckin' phone If you're through havin' your little hissy fit, this chick is dyin', get your needle and git it now!
You're not bringin' that fucked up bitch in my house!
This fucked up bitch is Marsellus Wallace's wife.
Now if she fuckin' croaks on me, I'm a grease spot.
It's only one-thirty in the goddamn mornin'!
What the fuck's goin' on out here?
Well get her the hell outta here!
(in stereo) Get the fuckin' shot!
My black fuckin' medical book.
Stop bothering me!
For six months now, I've been telling you to clean this room get your ass in here, fuck the book!
I'm prepared to scour the earth for this motherfucker.
Shut up, Fatso!
You'd punch me in my belly?
I'd smother you.
Shut up fuck head!
I hate that Mongoloid voice.
Yes I've fuckin' looked!! What the fuck do you think I'm doing?! Are you sure you got it?
Fabienne, that was my father's fuckin' watch.
Now all this other shit, you coulda set on fire, but I specifically reminded you not to forget my father's watch.
If all I gave a fuck about was my watch, I should've told you.
I was so dreadful.
Nothing you could ever do would make me permanently angry at you.
(softly) Holy shit.
He's dead!
Fuck the bags.
Honey, we gotta hit the fuckin' road!
And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers.
Forget he was in there with a goddamn hand cannon?
(to himself) We should be fuckin' dead right now.
We should be fuckin' dead!
That shit was somethin' else.
That means God came down from Heaven and stopped the bullets.
God came down from Heaven and stopped the bullets.
Don't blow this shit off!
Chill the fuck out, Jules, this shit happens.
We should be fuckin' dead now, my friend!
But me, my eyes are wide fuckin' open.
What the fuck does that mean?
Goddammit, Jules I said don't do that you're fuckin' freakin' out!
I don't give a damn if he does.
What the fuck's happening?
Why the fuck did you do that?
I've seen a lot of crazy-ass shit in my time chill out, man, it was an accident, okay?
I used the same soap you did and when I dried my hands, the towel didn't look like a fuckin' Maxie pad.
Look, fuck it, alright.
But it's shit like this that's gonna bring this situation to a boil.
Goddamn Jimmie, this is some serious gourmet shit.
You spring this gourmet fuckin' shit on us.
I'm the one who buys it, I know how fuckin' good it is.
When Bonnie goes shoppin;, she buys shit.
No marriage counselor, no trial separation fuckin' divorced.
And I don't wanna get fuckin' divorced.
The last time me an' Bonnie talked about this shit was gonna be the last time me an' Bonnie talked about this shit.
Make your phone calls, talk to your people, than get the fuck out of my house.
We don't wanna fuck up your shit.
If she comes home from a hard day's work and finds a bunch of gangsters doin' a bunch of gangsta' shit in her kitchen, ain't no tellin' what she's apt to do.
I'm on the motherfucker.
I'm on the motherfucker.
That gives us forty minutes to get the fuck outta Dodge, which, if you do what I say when I say it, should by plenty.
Yeah, well, our asses ain't the expert on wearin' dorky shit that your is.
Don't do shit unless unless what?
(he throws Vince his car keys) I drive real fuckin' fast, so keep up.
Pigs sleep and root in shit.
It could be God stopped the bullets, he changed Coke into Pepsi, he found my fuckin' car keys.
Keep your fuckin' mouth closed, fat man, this ain't any of your goddamn business!
I'm countin' to three, and if your hand ain't off that case, I'm gonna unload right in your fuckin' face.
I'll blow your fuckin' head off!
I'll kill ya! I'll kill ya! You're gonna die, you're gonna fuckin' die bad! (to Pumpkin) Tell that bitch to be cool!
Say, bitch be cool!
Say, bitch be cool!
Normally both of your asses would be dead as fuckin' fried chicken.
But you happened to pull this shit while I'm in a transitional period.
Besides, I went through too much shit this morning on account of this case to just hand it over to your ass.
What the fuck's goin' on here?
Don't do a goddamn thing.
(gun raised) What the hell's goin' on, Jules?
It's the one that says Bad Motherfucker on it.
That's my bad motherfucker.
You ain't gonna do a goddamn thing, now hang back and shut the fuck up.
Goddamn bitch.
We were all upset about that.
Let's forget the bullshit, I don't want to stay here any longer than I have to.
I despise your masquerade, and the dishonest way you pose yourself and your fucking family.
Why does he bother other Italians?
Goddamn you!
Fredo has a good heart, but he is weak...and stupid, and stupid people are the most dangerous of all.
But if you're wrong...
That son of a bitch!
Pentangeli was furious, and paid one hundred and fifty thousand dollars to have me killed.
Goddamn it, where were you?
If he were, he'd be dead by now.
What the hell does that mean?
I take it like an insult.
Shit, your friend the cop!
Goddamn city of beggars and pimps and whores.
...goddamn city of whores...
Does she blame it on me?
They bother me once in awhile.
Or weren't you going to tell me at all? Are you so hungry for traitors; do you want to find them everywhere?
How the hell do you tone down Marilyn Monroe?! COLIN laughs.
The third's job is to do whatever the fuck I tell him.
Didn't they teach you anything at Eton? Now fuck off and see if you can get me a bacon sandwich without starting World War III.
Action!
"Now, before you meet my mother- in-law I must warn you she is a little vague and can be very deaf... on occasions."
Cut.
Cut.
The clapperboard snaps shut again.
Action!
Cut it there.
I'm a fucking star!
ORTON stops him.
Why is Marilyn on the phone to my third fucking assistant?
COLIN walks in as OLIVIER is talking to I don't care if he fucks her sideways.
Perhaps I'm angry with her because in my heart I know my own career is in a terrible rut.
She has taken everything Hollywood can throw at her and triumphed.
Before he can react he is jerked violently behind the scenery and pushed up against the wall by an angry MILTON.
She'll break yours.
My advice to you is to quit before you get burned.
He stops awkwardly.
Where we were whipped.
Whipped?
Chuckie, what the fuck happened?
He's driving along and this fuckin' cat jumps in front of his car, and so he hits this cat-- --That isn't funny-- --and he's like "shit!
Motherfucker!"
And he looks in his rearview and sees this cat -- I'm sorry-- Fuckin' Chuckie!
You guys are fuckin' sick.
'Cause the other guy's all fuckin flipped out about-- Watching his cat get brained.
Why do we even go to her? Cause fuckin' Morgan's got a crush on her, we always go there and when we get to the window he never says a fuckin' word to her, he never even gets out of the car, and she never gets our order right cause she's the goddamn MISSING LINK!
Come on, Will... Shut up.
And if you're not out there in two fuckin' seconds, when I'm done with them you're next!
Get the fuck off me! Sean?
Hey fuck you.
(starts laughing) How fuckin' retarded do you have to be to get shit-canned from that job?
How hard is it to push a fuckin' broom?
You got fired from pushing a broom, you little bitch.
Fuck you, you fat fuck.
What the fuck?
I thought there'd be equations and shit on the wall.
There goes that fuckin' Barney right now, with his fuckin' "skiin' trip."
I can't give you his name unless you have a complaint.
Gerald Lambeau, M.I.T. Fuck do you want?
Submit, bitch!
Submit! (being strangled) Suck my cock!
You're fuckin' good.
Fuckin' hypocrite... Henry?
Will, you've managed to offend four of my colleagues so much that they refused to come back.
C'mon, that guy was a fuckin' piece of work.
He was my roommate in college.
I'm not here for a fuckin' book report.
Keep fuckin' with me.
How the hell did you do that?
(breaking) Well hell, I didn't know Pudge was gonna hit the home run.
I don't know what the fuck you're doin'.
You're walkin' bitch, Will's takin' the car.
So she goes runnin' up the aisle and I figure "fuck it" and I yell out "don't forget the coffee!
I don't know what your reputation is, but after the shit you tried to pull today, you can bet I'll be looking into it.
The fuckin' guy was deaf when he composed the Ode to Joy.
Fuck you!
So don't put that shit on me.
That I'm a fuckin' orphan?
Don't tell me you want to hear that shit!! Yes I do.
Morgan, if you're watchin' pornos in my mom's room again I'm gonna give you a fuckin' beatin'!
And you fuckin' lost!
My fuckin' back is killin' me.
Fuck you.
Fuckin' sheet metal pussy.
Yah, but it's better than this shit.
Yeah, be a fuckin' lab rat.
Look, you're my best friend, so don't take this the wrong way, but in 20 years, if you're livin' next door to me, comin' over watchin' the fuckin' Patriots' games and still workin' construction, I'll fuckin' kill you.
I'll fuckin' kill you.
Fuck you.
And that's bullshit 'cause I'd do anything to have what you got!
It'd be a fuckin' insult to us if you're still here in twenty years.
If you're angry at me for being successful, for being what you could have been-- --I'm not angry at you-- Yes you are, Sean.
You resent me.
Oh my God, I got the most fucked up thing I been meanin' to tell you.
Fuckin' kid won't back down.
Shut the fuck up.
(To Will) Hey, asshole.
Shut up, Morgan.
(a beat) This is the ugliest fuckin' car I ever seen in my life.
(serious) How the fuck did you guys do this?
Fuck you, I did the body work.
Guy's been up my ass for two years about a fuckin' job.
Had one, now I'm fucked again.
(to Chuckie) So what do you got, a fuckin' Hyundai engine under there?
Fuck you.
Yeah, she was the one blowing me in the Ferrari, so put your dick back in your pants.
As he peels a crisp $100 DOLLAR BILL off a wad, rolls it up: Enough of this shit'll make you invincible, able to conquer the world and eviscerate your enemies.
You can save the fucking spotted owl with money.
Fuck the Beatles.
You are lower than fucking pond scum.
And don't pick your fucking head up till one.
I fuckin' love that!
Feet fly off desks; Brokers and their Connectors dial phones like mad.
(to Broker #2) Miniscribe's a fuckin' steal!
Fuck this, shit that.
Twelfth floor?
Get the fuck out.
Donnie studies him, isn't sure if he's full of shit.
As Jordan retrieves his briefcase to find a paystub -- * 30B As Jordan hands Donnie his paystub and sure enough, it's *30B north of seventy-two k. * The Wolf of Wall Street Buff Revised Pages 3/5/13 Holy shit.
I mean I had just met this fucking guy.
Buddhists too, they don't give a shit about money either.
Give me them young, hungry and stupid and in no time I'll make them rich.
And he shouldn't trust you, you're a fucking salesman!
The place goes nuts.
A total fucking hatchet job.
* It's a sign of disrespect.
Literally pull * out a brief case and have a little * fuckin' guy pop out of there.
You * know how much fuckin' pussy you * get? * The point is get it out.
Get the * fuckin' jokes out now. * You're gonna fuck it up.
It's fuckin' * business, bro.
The Wolf of Wall Street Buff Revised Pages 3/5/13 Fuck you, you stop him.
* The guys titter at "business expenses."
If you bastards don't wipe those smug fucking looks off your faces, I swear to God I'm gonna wipe `em off for you! (back to Jordan) Are you insane?
Actually, Max, my portion of the bill is hardly anything, so I'm on the same page as you -- Shut the fuck up, Feinberg, you only have a portion because of my son, you worthless twerp!
You zip it, too, Azoff, those boiling teeth of yours are hurting my fucking eyes!
It's a goddamn prostitution ring is what it is!! Jordan feigns shock, turns to Donnie: did you know it was a prostitution ring?! Doesn't the IRS allow for T&A?
It's T&E and stop fucking with me!
* Pissing away money?
Cuz Stratton's got a few things on the horizon, things that're gonna take it right up into the fucking stratosphere!
The Crowd goes nuts.
She designs panties?! Jesus fucking Christ!
How can I fuck this girl?
And as they start fucking again... Jordan sits at his desk, telephone to his ear.
Get out of the fucking car.
The motherfucker stole fifty grand in cash and jewelry.
Wake up, you bag of shit!
The fuck are you doing?! Who's Venice?
Fuck.
Why are you so mad?
How about you flying in here on your stupid helicopter at three in the morning waking up Skylar?! Jordan crash-lands the helicopter on the driving range.
But why should you give a shit?
You're not the one who researched the fucking thing and dealt with the fucking golf course people!
Fuck you!
Stop flexing your arms, you look like a fucking imbecile.
To his erection: Where the fuck were you last night?
You gotta get `em fired up so they'll push the shit out of this stock.
Nice fucking hat!
Get a fucking life!
A person who will not hang up the phone until his client either buys or fucking dies!
And if anyone here thinks I'm crazy, get the fuck out and get a job at McDonald's, because that's where you fucking belong!
Some ugly beast with three days of razor-stubble in a sleeveless moo-moo, crammed in next to you with a carload of groceries from the fucking Price Club!
Does your girlfriend think you're a fucking loser?
Pick up the phone and start fucking dialing!
Be ferocious!
Be telephone fucking terrorists!!
As long as they knew I'd buy the shares back at the top of the market, they'd drive the price up as high as I fucking wanted.
A beat, then: Like I said before, who gives a shit?
22 million in three fucking hours!
What the fuck is in Swiss cheese, Naomi, what do you fucking think?
This was fucking great.
Through Jordan's forced smile: What I'm asking, you Swiss dick, is are you going to fuck me over.
What's wrong?
I dunno if he's stupid or a junkie but he's a loose fuckin' cannon.
The Wolf of Wall Street Buff Revised Pages 3/5/13 I can hear you, motherfucker!
I'm a douchebag?!! Well, whose fucking idea was it made us all this money?!! Who fucking knew Steve Madden?!!
So go fuck yourself a little!
Okay... (offers the case) Why don't you stick your pass up your Slavic cunt's pussy.
Shit! Freeze!
* You fucking serious?! CLOSE ON -- a Lemmon 714 Quaalude; pure white, with trademark ridged edges.
CLOSE ON -- Donnie gauging Jordan's excitement, waiting for the right moment to admit his fuck-up.
This is bullshit, man.
My fucking metabolism's pumping and I don't feel shit.
They're fucking duds.
What the fuck are you doing?! Wazza fuh is wrong wizzz oooo?!!
The Wolf of Wall Street Buff Revised Pages 3/5/13 Fuck it.
This stupid sonovabitch!
Well talk about your shitty vacations... Six Jet Skis plummet off the deck into the raging sea.
* What the fuck is going on?
* Gale warning!
Gale warning!
Gale warning!
Gale warning!
Naomi turns to Jordan, furious with him.
You happy now, you piece of shit?
Get the fucking ludes!
What is he crazy?
I shit you not, it exploded when a seagull flew into the engine, three people killed.
I had to make some fucking changes.
It was Rugrat, he'd been busted down in Miami, and guess who the fuck with?
There had to be ten thousand Swiss bankers in Geneva and I choose the one dumb enough to get himself arrested on U.S. soil.
Beni-fucking-hana!
Why would God be so cruel as to choose a chain of fucking Hibachi Restaurants to bring me down?
Long story short was Saurel ratted me out, but not before he ratted out Chantalle, who it turns out he'd been fucking every time she went to Switzerland!
* Fuck you.
* What? * I fucking hate you.
* You don't give a shit about how I * feel.
What do you mean? * You wanna fuck me?
Why are you moving * like that? * Go ahead, fuck me! * What are you doing baby?
They lie * in uncomfortable silence.
* You vicious cunt! * Fuck you!
You fucking bitch!
Twenty fucking * years, Jordan.
Uh... tell you the truth I was so fucked up, I don't really remember anything about that.
That never would of -- Let's cut the bullshit.
I've stolen two cars before.
You stole a Trans-Am.
Yeah, but I can't be sorting through that shit in the middle of a burglary.
How was I ridiculing you?
(taking the wallet) Holy shit.
Break it up.
Hang on.
The guy is fucking insane.
I warned you, Dignan.
He's a fucking psycho.
(screaming) What's your fucking problem?
Anthony, give me the fucking gun! (pulling away) No, Dignan.
You two just don't give a shit, do you?
(turns back, screaming) You're out!
Stop! Calm down.
Goddammit, Bob! Get your shit together.
A bigger one, you idiot.
(glares at Dignan) Don't call me an idiot, you punk.
I personally don't need that shit in my life right now.
Will you guys shut up?
Once your plan is worth a shit.
What the fuck is this?
Hit him!
Shit, Bob.
What the fuck did you do that for?
How can they arrest Future Man?
Those assholes.
Son of a bitch.
He stole the car.
Son of a bitch.
Steals the fucking car.
You gave $383 to the goddamn housekeeper!
What the fuck is your problem?
But -- You're in love with the fucking housekeeper!
Have a bunch of little idiot janitor brats!
It's a waste of time.
The whole school was shut down.
No. There's a lot of valuable shit in there, Applejack.
I can knock a man out with a six inch punch.
Shit.
What the shit, man?
Are you crazy?
You know, your form is for shit, but you've got a hell of a talent.
It wasn't Bob's fault.
That's OK. (starting to laugh) Shit, Dignan.
What the fuck is going on?
Check the fucking elevator.
What the fuck are you doing?
What the fuck is that?
Fuck it.
Fuck it.
What the fuck is that?
Did you lose him?
He's stuck between two floors.
What the fuck happened to the the plan?
He stole a tractor.
(with his mouth full of food) This sure beats the shit out of the shit they crap out in this joint.
Thanks for talking about me behind my back...useful in court.
Fuck the grass.
I hate nose rings.
He stole it from everyone that deserved it by putting me on title.
I live in Riverside, Goddammitt And you get to piss in the ocean.
You should lock your doors.
Lock the door behind you.
Why does he have a lock on his door?
Let him hate you for a while!
Killed my mother with him.
I hate this job.
Oh, fuck!
You stupid liar!
I hate you!
Do you want garlic bread?! Well, get over here, then, stupid.
Oh, shit!
I think you have to have a door between where you cook and where you crap.
I warned you yesterday.
He's a freak.
I hate turkey.
I'd blame you.
The goddamn traffic.
I locked the door.
Now that should be illegal.
I hate to ask about a window.
What's in my pants is none of your fucking business!
I'll apologize for everything but today...Today I give a shit.
You're too fucking late.
Oh, so you're in the big shit now!
I hated this house from the second my father cheated everyone and put it in my name.
My stupid back.
He was a prick when I was six, and he's a prick today.
Would you stop being ridiculous?
The biggest waste of time since television.
(beat) I'd hate to have them bored.
Let's shut up and not kill her.
What's wrong?
It's not my back that's killing me.
A stupid joke.
Oh, shit!
No. It's my fault.
I heard a scream!
You hate your father.
You'd hate him for the trick.
I want this fucking piece of shit construction stopped now and I want that goddamn roof ripped off and lowered and I don't care if I have to spend a shit load of money to get it done!!
What the fuck?
Where is the FBI's vaunted Initiative, where..? Sir: Shut up, Starling...
Starling, I've ordered you to shut... ..I was that this was a Joint Task Force, the FBI, BATF, and the Mayor's Special...
She threw a punch at a man on the team.
Because he sent me in there to be killed...? What this...? ...what's he got against you?
BRIGHAM (cont'd) Now, an arrest?
No. It's good for through control through.... BRIGHAM (cont'd) a gun at me, looking in the oth'direction, WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK ..that you went into police work to control your rage.... Well, that would be a poor choice, wouldn't it... Tell me why...? I'm sorry, I don't mean to be impolite.
Alcohol.
He told me, he preferred to Eat the Rude.
She fight.
STARLING (cont'd) Izzat the kind of will aid Our Run for You're she's KRENDLER (cont'd) You country Cornpone BITCH--hey, you Trailer Trash BITCH, you still looking for your Daddy, Beat you up, to show he Loves you?
I'm going to work for your reinstatement... Reinstatement to nobody there... Starling, Agent Starling: what do you have to say to the New Accusations...? New...? You've been accused of... NEWSIE (cont'd) ...leaking information to the Press, which resulted in the botched... Agent Starling: what was your reaction to your indictment...? The district attorney today... Majorca, Mr. Bates, you're treating yourself to a Holiday you'll remember for... Of the American FBI agent, Clarice Starling, shown battle, last week, with...
With all due respect, Doctor, if you fuck with me, I'll shoot you dead, do you understand...? Do right and you'll live through this.
How careless of me.
Well fuck him !
You are wasting my time.
Excuse me, Mr. Lugosi?? (irritated) I told you, I don't want any of your goddamn coffins.
(he checks his pockets) Shit, where's my transfer?! Don't you bave a car?
I refuse to drive in this country.
But now -- no one give two fucks for Bela.
Crap with a star.
(he sucks on his cigarette) No, I don't care if they're not actors.
This is my way of telling you -- (furious) What, by putting it in a fuckin' script, for everyone to see?! What kind of sick mind would operate like that?
George, this is DRAMA.
And... action?
He's angry !
Lie on the beach?
WRONG!
And more nuts!
That's ridiculous.
You two-timing, dress-wearing son-of-a-BITCH!!
(insane) You can't go!
Goddamn landlord.
You're a fuckin' mess.
(thrown off) Oh.
(annoyed) Dolores, I got five days to shoot this movie.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Goddamn, it's cold!
Fuck you!
What's going on here?! Excuse me! Everybody out!
Fuck off! Children, please!
We're getting the hell out of here!
(he chuckles) Hell, I envied you too, having a girlfriend that would jump in front of a car like that.
All he wanted was a comeback... that last glory... Well you tried -- (angry) I was a fuckin' HACK!
Those assholes.
(he pulls out his SCRIPT) Anyway, I brought a copy of the script.
(goofily imitating Bela) "I want to suck your blood!" SHHH!
It's blasphemy.
(very annoyed) What are you talking about?! It's the premise of the movie.
That's ridiculous!
And, ACTION!
(furious) Are you IN5ANE?
Ugh, I hate when that happens.
The studio hated it... but they didn't get to touch a frame.
But only if you SHUT UP, and let me do it my way!
Your stupid minds!
STUPID!" "That's all I'm taking from you." "Perhaps on your way home, someone will pass you in the dark, and you will never know it.
And the car top is stuck!
Oh, shut up.
Kotex parties, Kotex party hats, pin the Kotex on the... Shut up! Jacey swats Doug's school books out from under his arm -- Doug charges his brother to retaliate but they are rudely interrupted by a CAR HORN.
Are you mad at me? No. Are you mad at me? No. Who said I was?
But if you're mad at me you don't have to come.
Hell, that drawer put Midwest Steel Desk on the map.
INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 2/16/96 12. You're full of shit.
And Doug reacts to... Jesus Christ!
Baloney.
I didn't say she was stupid.
The tranquility of the library is destroyed by the flabbergasted reactions of the students.
Look, either you're mad at me 'cause you're mad at me -- or you're mad at me 'cause you like me.
She begins to sob and runs out of the room.
They are both seized with fright as they hear the front DOOR OPEN below and Peter's angry voice: Every time we go out you have to tell that same goddamn story!
Will you shut up about the fucking Brylcreme!
Do you hear me, Alice?! Shut up!
I'm warning you, Alice!
Open the damn door!
Alice?! Dammit!
He hisses under his breath: Oh, shit!
Is there any sense, you think, in which Jacey has... oh, I don't know, it sounds ridiculous... corrupted Eleanor Abbott?
It's not enough that you sleep around with boys from your world, you have to fuck boys from the wrong side of the tracks.
She was fucking me.
You're full of shit.
He punched me.
Shit... Who is it?
Hell, I didn't know.
I don't give a damn about them.
Doug SHUTS OFF the LAWN MOWER and walks over to Pam.
I hate this town.
I hate the Abbotts.
A vintage, third-floor, railroad flat -- sparsely furnished and neat as a pin.
Damn, you're drunk.
Shit.
Shit, I'm sorry.
What's wrong with you?
You want to fuck?
INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 3/20/96 98. Doug... Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Apologize to her, you asshole!
Jesus Christ, you shit- head, Alice couldn't marry you!
Then what the hell did Pam ever do to deserve your revenge?
I don't know who the fuck you are!
You fuck everything.
You fuck everything up!
What-the-hell do you want?
She had cancer.
Shut the door.
He used to call me 'Egg-head' -- hell, everybody did.
And back then everybody knew that Egg-head Abbott didn't stand a snowball's chance in hell with Helen Riley.
That was back when I still had chicken shit on my shoes and twelve cents in my pocket.
Get the hell out of here!
Leave me alone!
But I got the chicken shit off my shoes.
But the only thing she ever wanted from me was just for me to leave her alone.
Right now I'm lying on polyester.
Asshole!
I'd hate to see out of control- There's no time for this-I'm getting off at Kyoto.
I was wrong.
Then you break in and steal it.
Leave her alone- Wake me up, Cobb.
I've told you to keep out the damn!- Must be a cherished memory of his- I put it by his bed.
Limbo?
The kick.
"Disappointed."
Then why should you blame yourself?
But you're not responsible for the idea that destroyed her.
Destroy my own inheritance?
Hell, we should be charging Fischer as much as Saito.
Goddamn it.
His music warns me it's coming, then the van hitting the barrier of the bridge should be unmistakable- that's when I blow the floor out from underneath us and we get a nice synchronized kick.
Bugger.
Dammit.
The kick.
How the hell do I drop you? (she points) That's the antechamber outside the strongroom.
Are you destroying those parts of his mind?
What about heaven and hell?
Because it was my lie.
So... have you come to kill me?
You're wasting your time.
Shut up, Mae.
(to LANGFORD who barely listens) How the hell did that girl get in there?
Who the hell is watching you?
And every time I'm wondering 'when is this guy going to stop talking and ask me out?' Well, now I know the answer.
We are in the kitchen watching two dishes being chopped, shredded and boiled in deep fat.
What's that smell?
PUPKIN yells into the intercom.
(growing irritated) What exactly did you think we were going to do up here?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong with me?
He is immediately confronted by MARSHA.
Others stare but leave him alone, a few commenting to their companions and pointing at him.
Jerry! (to WIRTZ) You're going the have a hell of a lot of explaining to do! (calling) Jerry!
(screaming) Jerry!
He's divorced.
We're wasting our time.
The door slams behind them.
(baffled and angry) What did you think was going to happen?
As PUPKIN goes to tape them, LANGFORD tries to grab him, but, with sudden, demonic force, PUPKIN pins him against the bedstead.
LANGFORD frees his ankles of tape just in time to side-step MARSHA and moves quickly to the dining room table where he grabs the gun.
How ridiculous would that be?
The Allinol is now heating to a boil, dramatically expanding, causing the engine block to crack under the stress, forcing oil into the combustion chamber.
Why is he in the pits?
He's so exposed.
He's in the pits!
(to Mater, expectantly) What is this?
Ivan! Ivan, why do you insult me so by making me wait?
There you are! Stop right there!
Mater, stop!
Why didn't my death ray kill you?
He was getting on my nerves.
Me? You've got to be crazy.
Then you're faking it.
You're nuts, you are!
Keep away, you idiot!
(shutting the door) Watch the door, please.
One of these days I'm going to shut those doors on you and -- Twenty next.
This is Baxter, on the nineteenth floor.
Are you going to deny it?
(he rushes after her, taking off his hat) I've been waiting for you.
(putting his hat on) Well, it was just an idea -- I hate to see a ticket go to waste -- (stops) What time does the show go on?
Same booth, same song -- It's been hell.
You threatening me?
(takes the compact) She threw it at me.
(helping her out of her coat) Mrs. MacDougall, I think it is only fair to warn you that you are now alone with a notorious sexpot.
I'm warning you, Mr. Baxter -- this is a respectable house, not a honky-tonky.
He doesn't give a damn about me.
He told me -- He's a liar.
(knocking on the door) Hey, come on, what are we waiting for?
(knocking on Baxter's door) What's holding things up?
(Bud shuts the door on him) Come on, Sylvia.
It's so childish -- and it never solves anything -- I ought to be very angry with you, scaring me like that -- but let's forget the whole thing -- pretend it never happened -- what do you say, Fran? (no answer) Fran -- Are you there, Fran?
Worse than that -- she was the wife of my best friend -- and I was mad for her.
Aw, ma!! Do as I say, Kyle! Damn it!!
What the hell are you guys doing here?
The movies today!!!!! Can I get five tickets to Terrance and Phillip Asses of Fire, please?
No. What'dya mean, no? Terrance and Phillip Asses of Fire is rated 'R'.
The hell we can't!
Damn it!
What?! Why would you call me a pigfucker?! Well, let's see... First of all, you fuck pigs.
Well, fuck my ass and call me a bitch, I just got a letter!
A letter from who, you shit sucking cock master?
It says 'Dear Terrance, please don't ever tell my son that I licked your hairy balls.' Oh, you fucking ball whore!
Wow... Ball whore... Listen, you donkey raping shit eater- (To himself) Donkey raping shit eater.
Doky maping she deeder!!! You'd fuck your uncle!
YOU'D fuck your uncle!
(Singing) Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!! You're an asslicking, Ball sucking Unclefucka!! You're an Unclefucka, yes it's true Nobody fucks Uncles quite like you- YOU'RE the one that fucked your Uncle, UNCLEFUCKA!!!
Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!
You fucked YOUR Uncle yesterday!
You PAID a homeless guy to get you in, didn't you!
Suck my balls.
Yeah, (Singing) Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!! Oh oh, I'm in trouble.
Hey Stan, tell 'em about when Terrance called Phillip a testicle shitting rectal wart!
I said, "Who wants to touch me?!" Oooooh... Shut your fucking face, Unclefucka!! You're a shitsucking, cocksucking Unclefucka!! Okay, children, let's take our seats.
I hate the environment.
Dude, how can you hate the environment?
I fucking hate it.
No, he's talking about fuck, dude.
Fuckin' a right.
I said - (Through megaphone) Oh, dude we are fucked now.
Yeah, let's swear we won't tell!
What's the big fucking deal?
Boys, I seriously doubt that Mr. Garrison ever said- (Reading) 'Eat penguin shit you cum sucking ass spelunker' in school!
Fuck you guys, I wanna get out of here.
Everybody's already fucking seen it.
Oh, fuck that, why should I fucking have to spell forensics?
Here you go; S-U-C-K-M-Y-A-S-S, Hey kids, how would you like to see some magic tricks?! Huh? Yeah, and fuck your stupid little red nose.
Yeah, and fuck your yellow hair.
And fuck your gay pants.
And the devastating impact of the Canadian phenomenon is Terrance and Phillip's new hit song, "Shut Your Fucking Face, Unclefucka" which has climbed the charts with a bullet -- (Singing) Shut your fucking face!
The Canadians are just mad that we mothers here in South Park have the chutzpah to stand up to them!
Damn it!
You bastards!! Damn it!
Those bastard Canadians have now killed a child!
They're pulling out our children's brains and filling them with trash!
This world has become a bitch in which we have no desire to live!
I'm just fucking STOKED I don't have to pay him!
This is the scum that sold R rated tickets to children! What?! Jesus Christ, I didn't mean to!
(Getting dragged away) Oh shit!
Yeah, well, you being a Canadian and all, we thought what the hell!
WE GOT YOU! Dude, what the hell is going on?
This little scrotum sucker willfully deceived us! (Pointing to Conan) You are a bad man!
Yeah, how come you arrested Terrance and Phillip?
I'm not fucking addicted to fucking bad language!
I don't have a fucking problem!
I am Satan.
You've got a stupid accent too.
Fuck French people.
Fuck 'em in the ear.
It's easy, Mkay?! What the hell do they think this is?! Summer camp?!
God Damn it your mom is a bitch, Kyle.
Mrs. McKormick, you must really hate the Canadians.
What the hell are you talking about, kid?
But if she WAS it would be THAT little asshole who's fucking it up for me!
I don't graduate?! WHAT THE FUCK IS Free Terrance and Phillip?
(Proudly) We're protesting!
Relax guy, hell is for children.
The whole POINT of hell is that you don't WANT to be here!
What the hell was that?! Dude!
You know, me and Stan were just talking about what a fat fucking hunk o' fat fuck you are.
(To Kyle) God damn it, why does she keep saying that?
Holy crap- OW!! Hey crap isn't a swear word, what the fuck?!
And besides, they're just Canadians, what the hell are they gonna do?
Well, if it is war they want... Damn, your mom's a bitch, Kyle.
Why the hell would I have proofs of purchases from Snacky Smores?
We're at war! My daddy says I HATE Canadians now!
She's such a bitch- AGH!!
And she's getting worse... Dude... Isn't that your brother?
Eee todo ba! Hey! Leave him alone!
This is horrible.
We're locked up, burning books, hating other people- -no Cheesy Poofs.
-No Cheesy Poofs... What the hell is happening?
It IS Cartman's mom!! Oh, son of a bitch!
No, dude, all you have to do is hit the keys really fast and say a bunch of stupid shit and it works.
We're not gonna have pie and punch!
(Typing) pie and punch...
The Canadians have destroyed Des Moines!! How can you tell?
Don't call me dumb!
Is it because you want to pretend I'm somebody else? Satan, your ass is gigantic and red, who am I gonna pretend you are? Helen Reddy?
My behind is killing me.
I get shocked if I say 'ass- Did you bring the pie and punch?
Fuck that!
Fucking windows 98! It is faster, over five million-- Alright men, get lots of rest, and prepare thyselves for battle!
Shut your fucking face Unclefucka!
You're an ass raping cock sucking Unclefucka!!! Let it echo through the night!
Let's fuck!
It makes me wanna fuck the shit out of you!
You gotta relax, shut your mouth- Baby I'd do anything for ya! Now don't make me smack you in the eye like last time- I get what I want, and what I want is for youuuuu toooo put ooooout!!! What if I just left?
Where're you gonna go, bitch?
To be followed immediately by the swift and nasty execution of Terrance and Elroy!
Did time matter to the Revolutionists who were forced to eat their own shit while dying in the dungeons of ze King?
Fucking war.
The birds are singin' For me and my gal!- Dude, this is seriously lame.
Lick Barney the Dinosaur's pussy fucking kiddie hour?
Damn it!
Did you shut the alarm off, Cartman?
Oh shit!
No, I mean WE CAN'T LEAVE WITHOUT YOU - we don't know where the hell we are!!
Oh, son of a bitch...
Let's see... How aboot "GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF THIS CHAIR".
Take that, bitch.
Yes I am! Baba mama! (Noticing Mr. Hat in his hand) What the hell am I still holding this for?!
Mr. Hat!
What the hell is going on?! I am the dark master!
Everyone bow down to ME!! Oh, it's the bratty kid from hell.
Who gives a fuck?!
That's lying.
Relax bitch!
AY! Don't call me fat, buttfucker- Holy shit Cartman!
What was that?! How the fuck should I know!! Look at that!
(To Satan) What are you waiting for, bitch?! Destroy him!! Come on you weak, stupid cum bucket!
It's too fucking cold up here.
Aren't there cold parts of hell?
Hi there, little guy... Would you like to go to hell with me?
Yeah, thanks for going back to hell for us.
I... I'm alive... Where's Mr. Hat?
I learned that getting all worked up over fuck and shit and cockmaster is just stupid...
Yeah! You're all a bunch of stupid sons a bitches!
Where the hell do you keep it?
Fuck him.
Fuck him in the ear.
But with him, everything is secrecy and lies.
He was throwing snowballs at Baron Rothschild.
That's the policeman -- he wants to arrest Judy for killing Punch.
Leave me alone -- !
Stop this nonsense!
Stop bullying me.
That was a dumb move, Herman -- a dumb move.
But you've got to leave me alone.
It was only words.
(stopping) Carson?
I hate these things -- it's like drinking coffee through a veil.
If it's not here, why bother him?
(a pause) Why bother him?
(to himself) What a nut.
Shut the door!
Hey! How do you stop this thing?
(pause, lighting cigar) It stands to reason you are telling the truth -- for why would you invent such a ridiculous story?
(hangs up) What is it?
Stop grousing.
Don't be an idiot!
Mrs. Lampert -- if I'm who he said, what's preventing me from killing you right now?
Are you going to believe every lie he tells you?
(Cocks weapon.)
He goes by his gut, and it continues to bother him, whatever the numbers.
Unlock the door, place the tray on the table, lock the door again.
Why waste your time talking to the man who threw away your investment on some save-the-world vanity project?
To be angry.
What's wrong with that?
Our lie.
Now there's evil rising from where we tried to bury it.
I told you not to try it with the assholes, Jen.
Okay, the assholes who hit.
I don't know what he's so upset about, he only had sixty bucks in here.
Now we tighten it up.
A pit.
Born and raised in a hell on earth.
Cut the fiber line - shut down the cell tower.
The hell was that?! Oh boy.
You're lying.
My mother warned me about getting into cars with strange men - This isn't a car.
Wrong?
What are you fighting for now?
You're lying.
How the hell did Miranda Tate get the inside track on the Wayne board?! Was she meeting with Wayne?
What the hell's going on?
Bane.
Then...I will break you.
Tell him I've got a line on the Congressman's kidnapping.
Bane?
A child who had been born in this hell... Bane.
Bane's been pouring concrete laced with explosives - Where?
Why in the hell would we help you keep your hostages?
If people start crossing this bridge Gotham gets blown to hell.
A child born in hell.
I'm angry.
Where's Foley, dammit?!
These guys run the city - the government's done a deal with them - Deal?! Bane's got their balls in a vice.
But we've got to do something before this maniac blows us all to hell.
And he wanted to destroy it.
You steal from us, you little bastard?
Death, then?
By exile.
That's to warn the men on the other side.
Son-of-a-bitch!
You sons of bitches!
Let's get a cable on it and drag it out!
I failed you.
The injustice.
Anyway, I know how you hate long messages, so I'll see you tomorrow... That's fucking bullshit.
She gets my car, and I get shit.
Do me a favor and tell her how fucking happy I am for her.
Tell her to fix the fucking lat machine, she'll look at you cross-eyed.
Fucking great.
I look like a spineless fucking fag.
You don't know a fuckin' thing.
Listen, fuck that slut, okay?!
She can fucking rot in hell!
That slut can kiss my ass! (to Victim) You hear me, you fucking bitch?! (heavy Italian accent) Hey-a, Jimmy, you don't hafta be here 'till 2:00!
What the hell, Jess?!
Dammit!
What the hell?! What's the matter?
Jess, this is bullshit!
And why the hell are you still driving?
You left her alone?
Don't know why you wanted another sister when you hate the one you got.
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
You're startin' to annoy me.
You're fucking annoying me! (dismissive) Fine.
That asshole's cheating.
Ally, he's a cheater.
That's what he does - he cheats.
We got thrown out.
That's illegal, isn't it?!
Si, he sucks cock.
I mean, I gotta go find a job, I smell like shit, I'm fucked!
Holy shit, man, is she alright?
What're you, a fuckin' doctor?
Dave, you're a sick fuck.
Put that shit away.
What the hell's K gonna do?
She plows through all my drugs, and I fuck her like a goddam whore.
Fuck you, Dave, you asshole!
Holy shit.
You're fucked up.
I'm just, I'm payin', like, twenty percent on my cards and shit, and it drives me fuckin' nuts, pissin' all my money away.
I'm gonna find Mr. Cocksucker and say, "Look, mehn, let us into our fucking home."
I hate this job.
That little slut.
I'm trying, but he's fucking it all up.
Holy shit.
Aaron, I don't know how the hell you got... (interrupting) Fucking bitch!
(to Jessica) Use the back door, yo! (to Pitt) Man, don't be helpin' that bitch!
Fuck you!
He's gonna kill her.
Where you goin', bitch?! Drive! (starting the Car) What's the deal?
What the fuck!
Fucking drive!
Fuck you!
Fuck you, you filthy fuckin' whore!
You like that, bitch?! Huh?! Oh my God, my fucking eyes!
That fucking... asshole!
Now I'm screwed too.
Get the hell off my porch.
Hey, mehn, let me into my fucking apartment.
What the hell are you doing?! I'm hitching up your car to my tow truck.
Let me in my fucking apartment, mehn!
Pay the damn rent!
I'm sicka' this shit!
Dude, what the hell?! I'm ready to go here!
Where the hell were you?! I got into a freakin' accident!
Bullshit, man, fucking bullshit!
Look, you're pissin' me off now! Remember who's doin' fuckin' who the favor!
I got shit I gotta do! (about to blow, then controls himself) Fine, fine!
I didn't want to bring my bag to your house, with your fuckin' parents home.
Jimmy, fuck the pizza.
Stop by and get your shit.
What the fuck do I care, you think it's a good question?! Are you fucking kidding me?! Look, I didn't think of it.
I got a lotta shit on my mind right now.
(generally to the other drivers) Fuck off! I'll take it.
(to Pitt) You want a smack?
(re Pitt) Fuck this asshole.
Holy fuck, Shelby!
Shut the goddam door already you stupid bastard!
Shut the goddam door!
Transmissions on these cars suck.
She's a nutcase.
I'm gonna look through his shit.
Ally, I'm on the fucking pill.
Because if he did, he took two fucking days to come.
I always made him wear ultra-thin, ribbed, anything but this shit.
Why the hell do you think I started on the pill, Ally?
Putting that hormone shit in my body.
That asshole is using (re Condoms) these things, and not on me.
Is that your piece-of-shit out front?
I told you, I ain't got your shit.
(regarding the call) Fuck that.
Buy a lot a' your shit all at once.
I'm talkin' 'bout the coke an' shit.
He talks so much shit it's hard to tell.
Kwon, what the hell are you doing?
Now my milk's spoiling in my truck, Pancho's probably pissing all over the place, I'm fucked.
Who gives a shit?
It's Aaron, that asshole.
He hit you?
None 'a your bullshit.
He's got a rash?! Are you fuckin' kiddin' me?! What the hell'd he catch?! Fuckin' herpes?! Carter!
What the hell'd you give him?! Nothing!
He's fulla shit!
Fuckin' A! You slept with me, like, three weeks ago!
And you have something?! No! Are you fucking listening to me?!
And you wore a condom anyway!
What the fuck do you care!
Whatever, Jess, what-the-fuck-ever.
Don't call me the slut.
I ain't got nothin' against Aaron, so I said "what the hell."
Shit, Jess, I don't wanna be fightin' no friend 'a Troy's.
Bitch, bitch, bitch.
Shut up Emily.
I mean, God, how stupid can you be?!
The Herald had a picture of the owner laughing at you! Listen, I'm sick of your shit! (struggling to break free) Get off me!
You fucking loser!
Shut up and drink, asshole.
He's probably got that Tess on all fours, fucking the shit out of her like the skank she is.
(thinking about it) No, you're right, fuck him.
Fucking everyone drink.
I don't give a shit.
That legless waste is Louie.
What the hell are you doing?
We got shit to do mehn, important shit.
Hey, come beat this asshole!
Screw it, you won again.
Give some crappy advice every once in a while.
Shut the door!
Hey! Fuck... you!
You little slut!
Fuck you.
You know I don't get involved with that shit.
Fucking three guys.
Fuckin' sit there and what?
Pull my fuckin' cock... (interrupting) And nothin'!
Goddamit fuckin' Bob, I'll handle everything.
You just sit your big fuckin' ass there, it'll be enough.
They won't fuck with you, bein' in prison and shit.
And I fuckin' help you?
What the hell's the matter with you?
What the fuck is going on in your head?
You comin' to me, knowin' I'm pissed at you, and what for.
Yeah... (yelling above the noise) Who is this?!
There's been several noise complaints.
Look, there's a lotta shit that Jeremy's gotta do with it.
I mean, you get so angry, it's a little scary.
But you get so angry... I'm so sorry!
You deserve it!
You fucking slut! (pointing to Berubi's bedroom) Wanna take me in there and fuck my brains out?
Fucking great, let's go.
What the fuck Jimmy?
Where the fuck is RJ?
Take it easy you stupid motherfucker!
Excuse me you cripple motherfucker?
Louie, shut the fuck up.
Screw that.
I'm staying, and so are you, so shut up.
No more 'a this shit, Aaron.
(not knowing what to say) Bullshit.
I told him it was stupid.
I'll say it's for Jesus H. Christ.
I'll be fucked... (staring at the lights) Pedro, get in the truck.
Oh shit... Hey Janice, tell Tim I found his car.
Pedro, let's get the hell outta here!
Harvey is pissed!
Where the hell is first?! Drive, Pendejo!
Shit! Where!
We're fucked!
Out of the truck, asshole!
What the fuck?! Kwon!
What the fuck are you doin'?
What is this shit, Jimmy?
Alright everybody calm the fuck down!
This shit's gettin' outta hand- (to Police Officer 1) Holy shit, you hear that?
What the fuck are you shootin' at? (pointing at BOBBY) Him!
(taking command) Just toss Louie out the fuckin' window!
(to RJ) Easy motherfucker!
That's my gun, too.
You owe me.
Get your fucking hands off me! Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
Get the fuck out!
Fuck you.
You're late, asshole.
You Jews are so clever with money... Fuck you, you stupid redneck hick!
Look, that's back when I hated you.
The third one was the super-bitch - Maxine.
Look at her! What a fucking monster!
Fuck you!
I'm on a double shift tonight... fuckin' sixteen hours, man.
Hey, and gimme six of these beef jerkys too - I'm hungry enough to chew the crotch out of a rag doll!
(as he leaves) Fuck you, man!
He has every reason to freak out -- this is a totally fucked-up thing to do to somebody!
He's insane!
Shit!
Not if I don't find that goddamn spatula.
(disdainful) When did you do that?
Fuck you, bitch!
"Hassle"?
I hate this place.
I know it's over, asshole, I -- If you really want to "fuck up the system" - you should go to business school -- that's what I'm gonna do: get a job at some big corporation and fuck things up from the inside!
That tape sucked, by the way!
Go die, asshole!
Everybody's too stupid!
It's in our "Erotic Dramas" section.
At least the wheelchair guy is sort of entertaining... He's a total asshole...
Like I have this subconscious biological need to be nagged and bitched at constantly.
He's like the biggest idiot of all time!
That's not true, I just hate all these obnoxious, extroverted, pseudo- bohemian losers!
What an insult!
Hang on!
We just need to figure out a place where you can meet somebody who isn't a total idiot, that's all.
You should make sure you do the exact opposite of everything I do so you don't end up like me... I'd rather end up like you than those people at that stupid bar...
I dunno... because I can't stand the idea of a world where a guy like you can't get a date... What the fuck, Seymour?! What is this?
(pulling her aside) What the hell is wrong with you?! What?
I told you - my manager was a total asshole!
Fuck it.
It would look stupid on you.
God, fuck you!
I can't, it's Seymour's birthday... (suddenly) Shit!
I saw the ad when you first placed it but I was in this relationship at the time so I cut it out, and now I'm not in the relationship anymore... (giggles) God, this is really confusing... anyway, if you still want to talk to me I can be reached at KL5-2603, that's my work number and my name is Dana... um... BYE! Wow! (feigning ignorance) What was that all about?
I'm taking a remedial high school art class for fuck-ups and retards.
I think one of us should fuck Josh... Go ahead... No, really... God, you're really obsessed...
How repulsive!
What's so wrong with me?
Then why do you hate me so much?
When did I say I hated you?
I'm going to this stupid art show and I want you to be my date... There's something I have to show you... I...
God FUCK YOU TOO! Pumpkin?
What's wrong?
I didn't check my messages... Oh my goodness... well, the whole thing is just ridiculous, and as soon as the school board is back in session next Fall I'm going to do everything I can to help you.
You better not -- (as she starts opening) FUCK DANA.
At least you're not like every other stupid guy in the world - all they care about are guitars and sports... they're all such fags!
I hate sports.
You've been acting way too normal lately... you're a bitter, twisted, fucked-up guy, Seymour, that's why I like you.
Are you going to yell at me?
What's wrong with you?! Tell him I'm not here!
No... they said she was here... What the fuck is she doing?!
That slut! (changing subject back to me) Why did you say she might be hiding from me? Did she say anything to you about me? (getting revenge on Seymour) Yeah, she thinks you're a dork.
I'll ask him in... Excuse me!
I hate people who chatter in films - but there's so much I want to ask.
Who cannot help stealing... Get inside her, Diane!... What - in all the world - do you most want to steal?
Hit that floor with a thud!
They're bigger liars than the press!
Offend?
The silly bitch!
The back of my neck told me... the part that I talk out of! Hallo... Free?
We'll put it in here - and lock it.
He'll wake Mother!
Hot!
Do you object.
Ten minutes is useless!
No... (he walks towards the door) I killed them... (he locks the door with a hint of sadness) And now that you know...
I can beat that!
Lloyd, as your attorney, I'm advising you to get the fuck away from me.
The outrage.
You're my lawyer!
Get the hell out of my way.
Well, hell, there you are.
Fuck off.
No. No? Isn't it true Mr. Gettys has had to talk to you repeatedly about your behavior?
Objection.
BARBARA'S FATHER can take it no longer -- suddenly on his feet -- charging -- You son of a bitch!
A perfect tequila pour and -- In the event we all get drunk and forget, I suggest we frontload the ceremonial bullshit... (a toast) To the best damn trial lawyer in Alachua County.
Kevin done pissing.
Sue me?
What the hell did they expect?
The floor is nothing but glass.
I watched a Senator piss his pants right where you're standing.
I sure as hell hope so.
(beat) Are you shitting me?
Armies that get so fucking far away from each other they need satellites to tell them who won.
The shit- kicking surfer.
Man #1 fucking her from behind.
I touched the goddamn wall!
Is that a crime?
Guilty.
She sounds upset...
Who knows what the hell Eddie's up to.
Good, 'cause I want you should get your skinny little ass somewhere down the fucking car away from me.
Oh, shit.
They're in the kitchen splitting a jumbo and then he's going to fuck her in the ass, right on your bed, and she's going to like it.
(on his feet) Get up! Get up, dammit!
He's the senior partner at the -- (pause) Mare, you're really starting to piss me off -- (pause) Yes.
You want me to lie?
The food, the heat, the rent on that enormous fucking apartment we live in.
Fuck it.
He's wasted.
(she's got a doggie bag) Are you hungry?
Your loss.
That's ridiculous.
Shit! Mom? Ma, what are you doing?
That's ridiculous.
And I hate her for it.
They're throwing everything but the kitchen sink at this case.
What the fuck was that?
Are you out of your fucking mind?
(murderous) They fucking hate me!
(total transformation) I've had it up to here with this fucking game.
Did she lie to you? No.
Counselor...
He fucked me, Kevin.
I let him fuck me.
Kevin banging like mad on the glass but --Mare!
-- Hang on!
-- ORDERLY #1 turning the corner up ahead -- What's the hell's going on down here?
-- (screaming now) Where's the fucking doctor?! Oh shit, man... DEVIL'S ADVOCATE - Rev. 1/18/97 129.
He was cruel.
I wanted to fuck her from the minute we met.
The two of you -- all of us -- acquittal after acquittal until the stench of it reaches so high into heaven it chokes the whole fucking lot of them!
(Shit.)
Through the wall he can hear MOANING -- SCREAMS.
(hysterically) Come on you bloody black bastard.
Who has been telling you lies? (calmly) I'll be down immediately, Colonel.
Was he angry?
Leave it alone.
I grew up on a plaas miles from any town... watching sheep and... (interrupts) Bullshit!
Bloody hell!
They have lied to me, my own people -- they killed him!
(sitting up) What the hell are you playing at? (as he bursts into loud laugh) Precautions, Lanie.
(exposing) Don't call me Lanie!
(more aggressive and accusing) Dr. Herzog, tell us.
You arrested Gordon Ngubene.
He then became violent and resisted arrest.
He was acting like a mad man.
As I refuse to cooperate they beat me with a sjambok.
(shouts back) Fuck off.
There's the rub.
What they said about him, that he was plotting against the government -- is a downright lie.
And what about the apartheid laws?
Your father insisted that I don't disgrace you.
She insisted we start early.
Of course, they have good reasons: hushing up how Gordon died and how his son died! (angry) Ben, how could you side with the enemies of your people?
You've got to stop it... (shouting at his mother) I don't care!
Ben in the phone box hanging up the phone with rage.
(shouting) It's okay, stay there, please!! (in disbelief) My God.
(screaming) Oh, is that all... What the hell more do you want to happen... we're ordinary people for God's sake -- and you've pitched us into this -- this nightmare.
Now wait, wait a minute, Mr. Du Toit, you're not trying to blame me?
It's a hell of a time, Lanie, but we'll survive.
Julius has been arrested.
Buya! (shouts) Buya! Buya! (irritated) She's a widow, man.
They throw her out of the house and out of the city.
And how will they live there?... Shit!
Ever in your fucking life seen such a stampede, hah? (furious) Maybe you think it's funny, Stanley, but I don't.
(chuckling) Jeez, who was that old cunt with the potbelly and black suit, looks like an undertaker?
(he laughs) Shit!
You're drunk and making an idiot of yourself.
Otherwise, go to hell! (after a pause) Right.
Bloody hell!
The enemy is ourselves.
Our bigotry, our laws, our system.
They are wasting their time.
(starts to walk out) so I fuck Castro, what's it to Hey, you?
I ate octopus three times a day, fucking octopus is coming out my ears, fuckin' Russian shoes are eating through my feet.
had TB and Fuck you Tony....
Fucking crazy, hunh!
Assholes, I go crazy.
I didn't come to America to break my fucking back, querido.
(looks at his hands) Look at these...fucking Cono! onions!
Shit.... (leaning in the window) Hey Omar, Waldo, coma esta...my friend I told you about.
...five hundred dollars -- shit!
Some- (Xl thing happens to the money, pobrecito, and my boss' gonna stick your head up your asses faster'n a rabbit gets fucked.
`em (Spanish) What the fuck you gonna do!
Where the hell's Elirira?
Neatly avoiding his intended smooch, she slips by him (Xl towards the door, her throat flashing a $20,000 strip of jewelry.
Whatta you talking crazy for, whatsa matter with.you?
Elvira laughs at him, furious.
You got the picture now -- so fuck off. .
Hey, She whips off the floor, pissed.
This town's like a fig pussy dyin' to $5 fucked, ParaBise, rr.an, saradisef I: coulda been a millionaire now.
Get xy 3wn golf COXSP, a boat... mhi I want 2 line of bluejeans vith .?ry name on the - chicks* asses. .
!..the fuck was that?
What the hell's that for -- eating bugs?
Xell you did know shit *bout chicks Chico.
Tony never played before and gets frustrated, swings his club at the ball like a baseball bat -- Lopez getting a kick out of him.
Frank...Frank.... (ranting) You know what this fucking trial is costing me in legal fees, Montana?
(with steel) Fuck him!
Tony is getting pissed, he looks around for Manny, then spots.... 107 10; Elvira walking into the club, followed by Lopez and Ernie, the bodyguard.
Lopez is delayed at the door by his buddy, the Owner, and Elvira drifts in.
Get lost.
You gonna stop me?
Frank is livid.
You're fucking right I am.
(to Elvira) Let's go! Frank, this is ridiculous.... C'mon!
Tony watches as they exit Angry, the club.
That cocksucker! -- He put that homicide prick Bernstein on me.
109 105 He moves over to the Men's room, throws the door open.
(to Gina) What are you doing with this shit, hunh?
(back to burgundy suit) Get the fuck out of here, maricon, y'hear, 1'11 kill you next time.
He hangs up.
Frank, you're a piece of shit.
Tony, angry now, grabs Lopez by the shirt and hauls him forward across his desk so his gut lies flat across it.
You know what I'm talking about you fuckin' cockroach!
Manny, you mind shooting this piece of shit for me?
He fucked up.
Bernstein takes it in the gut, hits the floor, looks up astonished.
How the fuck do you know what he is?
(to the TV) Yeah that's 'cause for seventy-five years you been fucking all of us over, that's why.
#02154 112 Rev. l/18/83 You know what capitalism is -- Getting fucked.
You do too much of that shit anyway.
And what about you Tony? Can't you stop talking about it all the time, can't you stop saying fuck?
Be a nurse, work with blind kids, lepers, open a stationary store, I don't give a shit.
Anything beats lying around waiting for me to fuck you all the time.
(guietly) You're an asshole.
(calling after her, guilty) Hey c'mon Elvie, whatta we fight for, this is dumb!
He splashes the water in his tub and slams the TV shut.
Hey wait a second, I'm your partner Tony, you can't trust me, who the fuck can you trust?.
I do the three fuckin' years but lemme tell you about my law, George.
If you're rain-making the judge or you fuck me for the four hundred grand and I come in guilty on the big rap -- you, the judge, the prosecutor, nothing's gonna stop I'm gonna come and tear me, y'hear?
your fuckin' eyeballs out.
In the sedan, the peers Shadow over, angry, at Tony. (Spanish) What the fuck's he doing now!
The Shadow, disgusted with all this mess, restrains himself, staring out at the street with a hate-filled expression, saying nothing.
Where is this fuckin' I don't got all day to piss away.
we oughta shoot him when he comes out the door, save a lotta bullshit.
What the fuck's that mean -- symbol?
(English) Hey okay I don't give a shit where, okay, you can blow him up when you like okay, just tell me okay -- when you like.
The chatter comes out jagged, irritating the Shadow who doesn't understand Tony's English anyway.
What the fuck!
hysterical and angry.
(shrugs) Yeah, well, your guy Albert0 was a piece of shit, he didn't do what I said so I cancelled his fuckin' contract.
M-y partners and I are pissed off.
(suddenly angry and letting Tony know) No! We can't do that.
You blew it, you fuckin' dumb cocksucker!
Who do you --- (simultaneous) I told you a long time you little ago, fuckin' monkey, not to fuck me and.... Tony holding the mouthpiece away from his ear and talking _- -' at it like it was a face.
#02154 154 and 155 Rev. l/18/83 214 coNTINuED 214 Who the fuck you think you're talkin' to, hunh!
Your fuckin' slave!
You ' re shit!
Slams the phone down.
The fucking nerve of that guy! room, In the cavernous silence of the he listlessly turns (X) to another line of coke.
#02154 156 2nd Rev. 11/22/82 Mama is angry and ravaged with worry, made weaker than previously, as if overhelmed by events. .
me 'Shut up! Mind your own business.'
An army to kill me!
(into telephone) Yes, Leon... (a little bit annoyed) What is it, Leon?...
It's a hat, Comrade, a woman's hat.
Wounded?
She called the Duchess a blood-sucking aristocrat and a blackmailer.
What's wrong with that?
Ninotchka, you're jealous.
I will be punished and I should be punished.
I am a traitor.
(bitterly) There it is... Thursday... you can't rip it out of the week.... (helpfully) But I can throw it out of the window.
If you don't give me that visa... (ironically) You're going to force us... huh? (growing violent) Now look here... you advertise all over the world that you want people to go into your country and when someone tries to get in, you keep him out!
I am in disgrace.
Here... (he reads from the report) "How can the Bolshevik cause gain respect among the Moslems if your three representatives, Buljanoff, Iranoff, and Kopalski, get so drunk that they throw a carpet out of their hotel window and complain to the management that it didn't fly?" Oh, they shouldn't do such things.
We can shout... we can complain... Look... (he opens the door leading to corridor) The service in this hotel is terrible!
You asked me to show you how this was done, you wanna fuck it up be my guest.
That bothers me -- Oh it does?
That bothers you?
You know, a lot of shit bothers me too, but I was trying to help you.
If I wanted to bother you, if I really wanted to fucking bother you, this is what I'd do.
Irving just stands there staring at Richie, hair all wild and messed up looking very angry.
Big fucking deal.
Fucking joy!
We fight and we fuck and that's what we do.
Stolen art, fake art.
Don't say I don't love you because that's bullshit!
(sobbing) This is bullshit.
Richie looks at him annoyed and upset.
Thank you, sir, wait, the sheik -- He hangs up, pissed, confused.
He bought stolen art, sold fake bank C.D.'s, that's enough.
You gotta knock the Mayor, the Speaker of the State Assembly -- you gotta knock him off of his fucking feet.
Flowers, but with garbage.
Edith EXCUSES HERSELF to go to bathroom -- breaks away through crowd -- leaves Richie on dance floor -- then SUDDENLY RICHIE STOPS, throws himself back against the other stall wall, out of breath.
He was holding a lantern, and it was in the blizzard and I knew he was gonna be angry.
I'm not gonna put up with that shit.
Now that's a fucking jet right?
Wait, where's my guy?
(to Richie) From the feet up, you motherfucker.
This is ridiculous.
Elton John's "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" plays on the soundtrack as Irv drives: tinted glasses, large comb over, blue crushed velvet suit, dark tie -- PAN TO: VISOR MIRROR -- WHERE Rosalyn APPLIES MASCARA -- Elton John continues as Carmine LIGHTS A CIGARETTE in a two- toned GRAY AND BLACK TUXEDO, at the center of a haphazard red carpet situation in front of a has-been beach resort -- large old movie premiere spotlights rotate onto the facade in an assorted CROWD OF LOCALS some dressed up - JULIUS, CARMINE, TITO, MELORA (Carmine's STEADFAST AIDES) son DOMINIC, daughter LUCILLE, wife Dolly, assorted COPS, FIREMEN IN FORMAL UNIFORMS WHITE GLOVES, UNION GUYS in suits, fringe the area.
Carmine, Julius, Melora, CONTINUE TO LEAD EVERYONE INTO Carmine continues to walk -- This is the Ocean Room -- He pushes open double upholstered old doors -- The bar -- LIKE THE BEMELMANS BAR AT THE CARLYLE HOTEL IN Carmine pauses to stare at the MEN AT THE FAR BAR -- FIVE MEN AS Irv IS PULLED ASIDE CONFIDENTIALLY BY Carmine -- Richie AND Edith WATCH -- Rosalyn STANDS TO THE SIDE -- Carmine puts his arm around Irv's shoulders -- There are some gentlemen over there at the bar.
This needs to stop.
Why don't you get your fucking hands off me, you fucking whore!
What the hell do you think you're doing?
What the hell do I think I'm doing?! What the fuck do you think you're doing?
You really gonna come in here and judge me for flirting with somebody after you've been fucking my husband for how many years?!
You don't have any fucking clue what's going on!
That is fucked up!
I would never say anything that fucked up to anybody, but you do because you're gross inside, you're so fucked up and gross.
Maybe you're gross inside, with robbing people and all that shit that you do?
I don't want to fuck.
What the fuck -- Step away from her. Please.
I just don't give a fuck anymore, I don't give a fuck.
He's gonna kill you.
And you're going to tell me the point of that FUCKING fishing story.
Carmine sees it, this fucking thing is waiting to happen.
The goddamn bankers.
Bankers only put money in the game when they can reap insane profit.
It's fucking killing me.
He thinks that I'm stupid, but I'm not stupid.
Ceremonial fucking knife.
You're going to take me away from them you fucking son of a bitch?
Get the fuck out! goes down to the ground and his glasses fly off his face.
He fucking knows about it.
Anthony, fuck them.
We got them for wire fraud, it's over.
(Richie looks from Irving to Sydney) Am I living in a fucking nightmare right now?
You both fucking conned me.
You just said that shit so you could look at her a little longer, anyway... Come on, guys, I told you it's egg whites only for the Sheriff... (quietly) ... I put him in that 'zone' thing.
On the goddamn internet, where else? You're joking... ... nope, got him at "T.V. Hunks with Sweet Little Asses.Com."
(through the pane) Shit! Joyce, open the damn gate, will you?! DEL (cont'd) ... that's what we need, some goddamn flags.
We deserve this.
The rest're assholes.
What the hell am I doing?
I asked my wife to straighten this shit up before she went out.
They're a bunch of dumb fucks.
I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
I don't follow... You're not a dumb fuck, are you, Del? (warily) No...
So, give me an example of a stupid person doing a stupid thing.
Is that stupid, Wesley?
CHARLIE (cont'd) (to Wesley) What the fuck is the matter with you?! Are you out of your mind?
Now we don't know where the goddamn stuff is.
(to Roy) Ostrey, you and your goddamn police scanner!
I don't usually go so close to the surface, but I was... ...you are so goddamn weird.
Oh, and by the way, get the hell outta here!
What the hell does that mean?
The fuck you talking about?
CHARLIE (cont'd) There were five, damn it!
I should have known!! Goddamn... So, what happened to the fifth car?
CHARLIE (cont'd) What the hell was that, another statement?
You're lying!
Merle?... You're a prick.
I'll take a Miller, if you got it... What's that bitch up to now? Lonnie?
Piss off, Merle.
I see you're sticking to the diet Betty put you on... Worry about your own goddamn lunch!
And that's why what that sheriff said makes me so angry.
Thas' it, thas' it... conquer that bitch.
CHARLIE (cont'd) Who are you?! (to the man) What the... Who the hell is this?
They don't owe us shit, Wesley!
David isn't hiding from me, I left him standing at the altar six years ago and now I'm... Fuck the details, they're always to blame... Look, too many of these guys duck out on us, especially after they become doctors or lawyers.
helped you because I'm an idiot!
Ahh, I hate this town!
The driver was killed.
Fuck!!...
You watch your mouth when you're in a goddamn county vehicle...
This is crazy.
So what the hell makes you think she's in Vegas?
I always want to help people and value all life, be it animal, plant or mineral..." (to Wesley) Does that sound like a goddamn showgirl to you? Do you hear yourself right now...? Like a fucking madman... Every American should see the Grand Canyon.
If you don't take the next turn for the canyon, I'm blowing my goddamn brains all over this car.
That's ... Shut up, Merle.
I call it 'nutty' as my shit after I eat Almond Roca...
I need to get my goddamn head examined.
Me! Wesley... "It's beneath her..." She's a mother fucking housewife... nothing's beneath her! Boy, you need to get outta my face... now!
Oh fuck... WESLEY (cont'd) Hey, can you sneak me on the lot?
What if he's lying about who he is?
Stop, right?
WESLEY (cont'd) What in the... (simmering) What the hell is this?
You drove me nuts with this for three days, now do it!
No! Let me try this! (storming off) This is bullshit!
I put myself on the line for you, my reputation, and you're making me look like an idiot.
What did I do to you... Who put you up to this? Did my ex-wife ask you to...? David, please-- Leave her alone, George!
SHUT THE FUCK UP!! You're a fucking grip, go grip something!!! (to Betty) And you're not an actress, you're nothing but a soap opera groupie, aren't you?
Well, why don't you get a fucking life, and stop ruining mine!
It sucked dick!
Goddamn, it's hot!
You're here to kill me, so kill me.
Damn, life is strange.
What do you want?! That's a lie!
I've been trying to tell this dumbass-- Fuck you, Roy Ostrey! --small-time, pissant, Barney Fife-- SHUT UP! Shut the fuck up, both of you, before I kill you!
They dropped the charges... Goddamn... how 'bout Jasmine?
You lie, motherfucker...
WESLEY (cont'd) You stupid piece of fuck!
We're in a shootout, Roy! Shut up about the damn fish!
Oh, Christ, they shot my boy! CHARLIE (cont'd) (reloading) How the hell did this happen?
I'm in a goddamn shoot-out!
What the fuck happened out there?! CHARLIE (cont'd) That's my son!
YOU'RE THE REASON WE'RE BETTY (cont'd) What do you want from me? Oh shit... (checks his gun) We need ammo... Go check his jacket, I'll cover you.
My best friend once said if you were any handsomer it would be a crime... Thanks... ... it's too bad you're such an asshole.
So now you got about fifty Caddies and Lincolns pullin' into Apalachin and some deputy sheriff with cow shit on his shoes notices all the traffic and calls the Feds.
Get away from the fuckin' car.
cannon he used to carry, and hijacks the goddamn tractor.
What are we gonna get, a fuckin' web site?
Who gives a shit!
Get a fucking life!
Your boyfriend's gone, he hates your guts, get over it.
Funny how that happens when you lie on the floor and put your ear up against it.
I took my eyes off the road -- Forget that bullshit.
(suddenly menacing) Why? Fuck the police.
Fuck 'em.
What's wrong?
Dad has a patient who dreams he shits trout.
Why are you wasting your time out there in the boondocks?
(starting to sweat) If they did, we're heading for one big fuckin' war.
Listen, if you're upset about your car, I can understand that.
You must hear a lot of weird shit in here.
Goddamn it, Sheila, why can't you keep your mouth shut! (small voice) I'm sorry, Paul.
You no-good little two-bit piece of shit bastard!
I'm still fucked up.
I have a family and a life and a serious practice, and I don't have time for your bullshit!
The dead dick thing?
Fuck him.
The shit is really gonna come down.
Fuckin' fifteen-hundred dollar suit.
You think the whales piss in that water?
Asshole.
He slapped the shit out of me.
Fuckin' Greeks.
Are you saying I wanted to fuck my mother?
That is the sickest fucking thing I've ever heard.
Well, then Freud's a sick fuck, and you are too for bringing it up.
That's fuckin' weird.
(to Scott) Why don't you look over that way before I have to bust your fuckin' head open?
Tino is about to shoot when Jelly comes up behind him, throws one strong arm around his neck in a powerful choke-hold, and grabs Tino's gun-hand with his free hand.
Vitti picks up the gun and puts it to Tino's head.
A beat, then a SCREAM is heard from above, then Tino crashes into a buffet table in the b.g.
We're talking conspiracy, fraud, extortion, racketeering, grand theft, murder... Well, yeah, but don't forget, the man is a sociopath.
(uncomfortable) This is bullshit.
He puts his hand to his head, knocking off his hat.
What're you, nuts?
(as Vitti) Fuck you.
'Boo-fuckin'-hoo.'
He's dead.
(pulls a gun) Get in the fucking car.
My father was so mad at me.
And you were mad at him.
My mother started screaming.
And you blame yourself?
But you were mad at him.
You were angry but you didn't kill him.
I'm ruining my goddamn shoes here.
Fuckin' $350 Bruno Maglis.
What's wrong with you?
They're shooting!
Goddamn it!
You got the Chevy Camaro and the side-by-side refrigerator-freezer. Pretty fuckin' ironic, isn't it?
That's a fuckin' $1200 Valentino suit.
That's fuckin' rich.
You think this is a fuckin' civil service job?
You gonna stab me in the back like the piece of shit I always knew you were?
Now get the fuck outta here.
Oh, shit.
As the GUN BATTLE CONTINUES, Sindone jumps into a car and tries to escape, but Eddie Cokes RIPS his car with the MACHINE GUN, stopping it dead.
It makes me feel angry.
I'm a little hung over and my boyfriend's a moron.
Bummer.
Why would he steal your cat, Frank?
He's jealous of her.
What the hell happened?
What the hell am I gonna do?
Yeah, and stop saying really, it's annoying.
Ah shit.
I want to beat the crap out of her and her stupid boyfriend.
It's my fucking house and no.
Shut up, Chewbaka.
Shut up! Quiet!
It's nuts.
He's gonna throw him.
Yeah, but Ter, you sucked.
That doesn't matter, your team sucks.
So the move is called "whatever the fuck it takes."
"Whatever the fuck it takes."
I hate that judge.
Damn Judge.
I can feel the force.
We're dead.
That's a huge fucking "if".
Now I'm going to slap you.
Holy shit!
(Reading score card) Oh shit.
Oh shit!
Shit.
What the hell does that mean?
Fuck this! Stemler!
"Whatever the fuck it takes!"
Dude, this kid really hates his mother.
(Annoyed to Mike) I'd like to discuss this with my client, Mr. Flaherty.
Fierce.
Why do you think he lost his shit in there, huh?! What do you want, lady?
He treated me like shit and he was all I had!
Shut up! Shut up! Listen to me!
Shit.
Fuck.
Should we break in?
Kyle, What the hell are you doing?
It's from the court.
We got in a fight because he's an asshole.
Shit.
He's hot.
Goddamn sausage at Pinwheels.
What the fuck are you doing?
This is a prison.
An action.
Are you here to sue me?
What's wrong with you?
It's ridiculous.
Ha! You're fucking hilarious, Henry.
It's a crime.
And I'm going to goddamn help you.
Mr. Millodragovich -- Shit! What's happening?
You piece of shit!
I hate that commercial.
Because life is fucked.
Shit, Henry.
I screwed up.
Shit.
You're gonna take the money and you're gonna put it in the car and we're gonna drive away.
What else? Like I said, everything always fucks up -- Nothing's fucked up.
What about the goddamn play?
You should have gotten on that stupid train.
A liar, a cheat, a thief and a loser.
You lied to him!
The two girls are deeply insulted by the word.
Who deserves it more?
Nearby, Jeff now listens in, feeling immediately jealous.
Well then who's fucking job is it?
It's my fucking job.
You scream soundlessly... on the It's Quince, with Stillwater.
William shuts his tape recorder off.
DICK (cont'd) It's the record company's mistake.
Embarrassed, he grows angrier.
I don't really give a fuck.
(the final insult) copy.
Sapphire, and Miss Penny Lane too...
(then pissed) Oh - get this - somebody told Penny Lane I sold her for beer.
None of these guys can just calm down and be a fuckin Now she's here, freaking out.
Inside lights shut off.
with Marna, Dick.
(to Larry and Ed) You hate me?
Shut up! Shut up! (to Jeff) Don't be self-righteous, Russell, not now.
Loud.
They used him to fuck us.
Or did I? We never took him seriously, and now it's serious.
And worse, you wasted our time.
That puts you in a higher class of asshole.
Shut the Goddamn door!
But, I carry paper in from my own damn house.
Mother, did you...fire her?
That's a hell of a risk in a place like Jackson, Mississippi.
You damn right I don't!
Holy shit.
Cross!
It was so goddamn awful.
He's a drunken asshole, Mother.
We living in hell!
But it slipped out too.
Well, they hate you.
But you're so dumb, you think you're doing them a favor.
Who did you tell?! Hilly, I got pregnant after you and Johnny broke up! Oh, shit.
Shut up, Mother.
Oh, shit!
That my own daughter threw me in a nursing home...And that she ate Minny's shit.
She called me a liar and accused me of getting her that pie.
It's my fault she pounced on you.
I was upset.
I'd hit him over the head with a skillet and tell him to go straight to hell... Maybe I will.
What's wrong?
And quits teaching.
There's a man who throws the ball -- to a man who has a bat.
I want out of this hell hole!
The neighborhood has gone to hell anyway.
So tell me...has it been...hell up here?
Honey, it's been hell up here, down there and over yonder!
Hell everywhere.
People throw up in the streets.
Others point guns.
We deserve it.
Please stop the bus immediately!
Stop this bus immediately!
Oh, shit!
Get the fuck away from me!!
Get away from me!! Wait! Please wait!
What in the hell is wrong with me?
Why?! Who the hell knows?! EVE (cont'd) Okay, if you promise to leave me alone, I'll tell you.
Bites what?
How 'bout yourself?
You nut!
Miss Rustokov refuses to let total strangers drive her car.
You do know what "bitch" means, don't you?
That's ridiculous.
This is ridiculous!
You're ridiculous!
I'm ridiculous!
Those sluts!
Wait one damn minute!
You're goddamn right I am! EVE (cont'd) You coming?! (cringing) I don't think so.
Gentleman coward, to you.
Come on, damn it!
You stupid son of a bitch!!! I'm really sorry!
What in the hell are you doing here!! You're supposed to be over on San Vicente Boulevard having unsafe sex with that slut Sophie!!
Hey!!! That's my car, you son of a bitch!! ARON (cont'd) Where the hell have you been?!
They're as fucked-up as the other guy!
I hate that!
Look, Mrs. Robinson, I don't mean to be rude but - Is there an ashtray in here?
What's wrong?
What is wrong with me?
I'm putting it here by the door.
If that's the best we can do let's just get the god- damn clothes off and -- Leave it on!
If you hated him at least you'd hate him.
And you do what you want but I'm getting the hell out.
You're goddamn right I am.
Why the hell did you bring this up.
I hate myself like this.
McCLEERY I hate that.
McCLEERY Who screamed?
She's upset and she screamed.
Now damn it - look.
My belt.
You are a degenerate!
Loretta pulls a Mont Blanc pen and a checkbook from her bag.
Where the fuck is housekeeping?
I'm warning you, flathead, get cute with me and I will tear you a second asshole.
Are you sure?... Well, check again!... Shit! 17 ON TOMMY MOVING swiftly through the function room toward 17 Hey!
Where the hell are our drinks.
Get off the damn phone!
Damn! (into receiver) Listen, you little shit -- I just spent eight years in the joint, nobody talks to my woman like that!
A town where they take you to dinner after you fuck 'em.
I found this shit in the library.
It's the con of a lifetime -- and the damn thing is, it's legal!
I know it's only ten-thirty, but, hell, sun's over the yardarm somewhere, right?
You got a CD? Shit, I missed that, too.
When I got back to Cedar Rapids, I spent so many years telling the Rotary Club what was wrong in Washington, they finally told me to put up or shut up -- so I put up.
Down the road, I'll bill 'em each five hundred an hour whenever I take you to lunch.
I mean, there's the topsoil thing, and acid rain is killing the cattle -- Cut the bullshit, Johnson.
This town is the fuckin' Yukon.
You can't bribe me, Dick.
The Florida upset.
So what do you want from me, Dick?
Shit -- makes no difference to me.
Fuck the cheese people.
Don't "Ladies!" me, you dick!
(to Mickey) I like your hat.
But what if you're wrong?
As Tommy persists, Andersen looks increasingly angry.
Marshall takes a boiled crab from the platter between them, places it on the butcher paper in front of him, christens it -- The honorable Dick Dodge.
When Dick says no, I say no.
Marshall SMASHES down again with the mallet.
Shit, that ain't no secret.
That little fuck Reinhardt?
Hot damn -- I knew my driving wasn't that bad.
Shit, that's right, Tommy -- these politicians are serious slick fish.
Bunch of fuckin' incumbents I got here.
Listen, you sum' bitch, I'm so mad, I can't sit down to shit.
You're screwed, too.
How the hell can I funnel that kind of money to you?
Is there some way I can, like, throw a bouquet to him at the hearing today without having to sit through that boring testimony shit?
Why don't you ask him to give you the floor at the start?
She is dressed up as a biddy, down to a hat with fruit on it.
Throw the bums out!
She's touched a nerve.
Damn straight!
Throw the bums out!
(calling) Throw the bums out!
Throw the bums out!
I dare you to respond!
But let me tell you something -- all that's nothing, compared to what I pulled here in Washington... and this shit's all legit!
Stop banging!
Stop banging!
There's no Shnook PAC! There's no National Association for Ordinary Assholes!
Throw the bums out -- starting with me!
Throw the bums out!
Throw the bums out!
I know the guy... they call him You know the son of a bitch?
I don't believe it... of all the people that could run into me, it has to be a fucking tin man.
What do I give a shit if he's a good dancer?
The guy? (immediately aggravated) The guy!
Shit! Pair of sixes.
I'll tell you this, I'm gonna get the son of a bitch.
Damn!
Any irregularities, you know, selling a house on the pretense that it's a model house and every job sold in the area they get a kickback... the Life Magazine hustle... you guys know all the bullshit numbers we can run.
Hey, Tilley, don't go too wild... I'll show the son of a bitch.
Lot of crazy people you're gonna run into when you're knocking on those doors.
Right away this guy is thinking you must be one hell of a nice guy... you're in.
I'm gonna find out everything about this son of a bitch, and then I'm gonna find the one thing that cuts him to the quick.
Damn it!
Damn it!
'Rider's Revenge'...
(a little pissed off) Look, we can be scientific from now to doomsday, but we gotta be gutsy and go for the big one.
There are sick people out there! Thievin' son of a bitch like that takes up my time... cuts into the amount of hours I have available to deal with other people interested in my wares!
Tilley, this is insane.
(angry) What do ya mean, you don't have my winnings?
It's too crazy, I swear to God, Wing.
(to Sam) What the fuck is he talking about?
You get this straight, you son of a bitch, you owe me sixteen plus...
(to Sam) What the hell is wrong with him?
What the hell is wrong with him?
He's stealing money from me... what the hell is wrong with him?
I don't know what the hell went wrong.
Fuck him!
Goddamn it, BB! Did you sign them?
How the fuck do I know what he had?
I don't give a shit.
I don't give a damn... it's split five ways.
What the hell's going on here?
This shit's driving me insane!
(turning to Mouse) Turn off the fucking Belafonte song now, or I'm gonna break the goddamn machine!! BB is sitting at the bar, getting drunk.
God damn Nora... God damn Nora!
To hell with her! How come Moe's so good?
I don't know why they're so irrational... chicks.
Tilley is lying on the floor.
The son of a bitch is coming for me... the son of a bitch never wants to leave me alone!
(quietly) You want to rob my God damn house?
Tilley stands behind the door with the gun, waiting.
(suddenly angry) This Nora is a pain in the ass, Moe... a pain in the ass.
Sam, I can't concentrate on 'Bonanza' shit... I've got too much on my brain, what with that asshole and the Home Improvement Commission, I don't want to have to worry about whether Little Joe got laid last night.
(beat) Between the I.R.S., this Home Improvement Commission and Mr. Marengay, I got it up to here with this bullshit.
He gets on my nerves...
I got to be frank with you, this guy is nuts.
We had an argument.
You don't give a damn about me!
He shoots.
You lose.
I'm gonna beat the crap out of you.
(angry) How can you be so... how can you not understand how wrong that is?
How can you tell me things like this and casually eat your eggs?! What does this mean, Bill?
He gets out of his car, locks the door and starts down the street.
Some bullshit commission, huh? (beat) Tell me, where's it written it the Constitution that says you can't hustle for money?
Beat.
You ain't got a pot to piss in.
Bob had bitch tits.
He developed bitch tits because his testosterone was too high and his body upped the estrogen.
So you can say, "Oh, that's what you do." -- And be a smug little shit about it?
Shit.
None of the doors locked.
You want to see some truly fucked up people?
What the hell are you doing here?
Fuck you.
This is sport-fucking.
(muffled through wall) Miserable fucking discharge!
In all probability, He hates you.
Fuck damnation.
Fuck redemption.
Until you know that, you will be useless.
We were selling rich women their own fat asses back to them.
Pretend you're me.
I'm fucking Lou.
Look, stupid fuck, I want everyone outta here now!
Yes, I am shit and crazy, to you and this whole fucking world...
Okay! Okay, fuck it!
Fucking let me go! Thank you.
Hey! Wha... What the hell... what are you doing?! Who are you?!! Get away from me! Keep away!
Who are you!? Why are you attacking me... ?! Hey... hey... Watch out, jackass!
Fuck fight club.
Fuck you and fuck Marla.
You will see tiny figures pounding corn and laying-strips of venison on the empty car pool lane of the ruins of a superhighway.
You're never getting through this door, you stupid little weasel!
(to Bob) You're too fucking old, fatty!
Get off...! What the hell do you think you're doing... ?
He was killed in action.
You fuck me, then snub me.
You love me, you hate me.
You show me your sensitive side, then you turn into a total asshole!
What is wrong with you?
Tyler Durden, you fucking freak.
Your whacked-out, bald freaks hit me with a fucking broom.
Here comes an avalanche of bullshit.
I deserve that.
You are an insane person.
I consider it "asshole tax."
Son of a bitch!
Fuck you.
You motherfuckers... I've got everything.
The bombs.
Fuck your struggle.
Can you see alright? 10... 9... 8.... What the fuck -- ?
Damn it!
God-damn it...
Haven't we already done this? (pointing) How'd you do that?! You're a fucking figment of my imagination... you're psychogenic fugue state... Fuck that, maybe you're my hallucination.
You're goddamn right.
How the hell, n'nu'n', I don't get what you want to ... Allegations that the president had sexual... Ah... here is the deputy ... assistant under secretary...
Guy fucked a twelve- year-old...whadday're gonna do to hold that off?
We remember the slogans, we can't even remember the fucking That's why I'm here.
Why not? ...throw this shit out.
How the fuck do know.
Fuck Freedom.
They Want To Destroy the Godless Satan of the United ... They want to destroy our Way of Life.
The Bomb's not... it's not -- because they'd have to have a rocket and that shit n'they're a buncha wogs-- it's ... it's a Bomb.
uh... those Mountie Hats.
They look stupid.
We had Davy Crockett hats...
You can't put a Mountie hat in your... Y'see, is what Producing is: you put me in a ...and he's got a rating of... King, we've got to be on the streets in... ...what am I Here's what you want to do, you want to come out of the box, an item, someone 'ready you sell it to'em.
Shoes, Hats....
I need a ruling on the Hats.
Hell of a thing. of a thing.
We've got to do... ...what the hell's all about, d'you think?
If we're ahead in the well, hell, is the time to on it.
And if there ain't no war, you can punch out, go home, and take up Oil Painting.
Fuck that.
To...to "intercede" where violent men would work to destroy ... to destroy Harmony.
Okay; shitty business, and it needs no Ghost Come From the Grave to tell us that.
Put... listen, it's not a question, we're locked to this speech.
Tell Ames to meet me at the West Gate in... ...change it, but I said to my dad, "You Don't Change Horses in the Mid..." Can you believe this shit?
Y'r gonna go to the goddamn Doctor an exam, What've I got?
He tells you you've got Cancer, you tell him, "That's Old Hat, gimme something else"...? Mr. President, this is St... Hi, How are ya? to this, willya... ...Ladies, thank you for coming.
And then... Hell of a Ride, Stanley... ... it?
Hell, yes, we're, we're on our way to get him now.
Hell, I used to... "What have you got at the end of the day?
They insist they wanna go with meeting him at the airport.
They're concerned that the last kid had the Variations include, the kid is a it's a little ... they rub meat on Schumann's cuff, the dog runs to him... Uh... What's this...? Key to the manacles... Wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait... What did he...what...what's the trouble?
Of he is gonna be ... uh ... uh ... "fucked up".
He didn't mean anything by it at Hello? No, operator... What the fuck did you ...this is nothing.
Where are you me...? Hello...? Oh, Heck.
Tons and tons of sticky sugar, Barbie and Ken on top... Can't ya Talk, you sonofabitches...? What the hell do care?
And, in that pause we should take time to examine ourselves, our plans, and our -- if you will, of reason, while we've watched unfold this drama..... on the world scale... ...I hate this cocksucker... And, now, end how it will, this drama is done...
1970-1990, n'ybody I worked with, y'could of bottled their piss n'sold it in the Come on, Pal... I'm tired.
Are you Are you nuts?
The pay off was, you get to be Ambassador, or... No, no, no... ...isn't it time for my Pill...? And what the fuck story are you gonna tell?
Susie...? Oh, hell... Susie?
Remember, you were concerned about the Beans...? No, 1emme talk to him... 1emme talk to him, we have a relationship... 'Member, we were talking about how much you liked the "beans" and all...? ... look what's happened... So-close-and-yet-so-far. Naa, fuck this, this is nothing.
Hell of a show.
Hell of a job, Stan.
You gotta call somebody, these are serious fuckin' guys.
Bitter battles are fought with Southern segregationists to get James Meredith into the University of Mississippi.
A bullshit President!
Goddamn!
Anybody who told you that has to be crazy.
Stupid, right?
What the hell business is it of theirs to say that?
It's fuckin' outa control.
What the hell is this doing on this piece of paper?
(he moves away) Asshole.
Don't believe a word he tells you! (to Oswald) You sonofabitch, you liar, you're a Communist, go back to Moscow.
In jail, Oswald asked to talk to Special Agent John Quigley of the FBI who showed up immediately.
What the hell's a Communist like Lee Oswald doing working out of Banister's?
I'm beginning to doubt Oswald was ever a Communist... after the arrest, 544 Camp Street never appeared on the pamphlets again.
Two Cubans threw her out of a car on the way to Dallas.
It is a capitalist country, an exploitive, racist country.
People hate because they're told to hate, like school kids.
It's the fashion to hate people in the U.S. The Russians are skeptical - want to send him back.
(knee-jerk reaction) Hell, no!
Then how the hell did you get in the Warren Commission, Dean?
Faggot, y'know, hated this country.
Now stop eating that damn crabmeat for a minute and listen.
If you lie to the grand jury as you've been lying to me, I'm going to charge you with perjury.
The government's gonna jump all over your head, Jimbo, and go "cock-a-doodledoo!" District Attorney Garrison to see Prisoner 5388, Ward Block 237B.
Hell, it's no secret.
Who gives a shit what he calls himself?
Goddamn!
But why in the Lord's name would you do it in the middle of Easter Sunday when you knew we were... (annoyed with her look) Because when I scheduled it I didn't realize it was a holiday.
(angry, turns away) It's going to get worse, honey.
(striding into his office reading the paper) Goddamn Sam!
We didn't talk to Ruby 'cause of them and they're on our asses for a measly $8,000!
You know damn well who it is.
Since you're the only straight shooter in that fuckin' office, I'd like an answer from you.
Where did they come up with this? ... (sorting through others) "A charlatan," "power-mad," a "hulking (New York Post) "Morbid Frolic in New Orleans."
You're wasting your time here.
Time to jump off before you get destroyed along with Garrison.
That's a hell of a lot more important than Jim Garrison.
(suddenly) Goddammit, look at me when I talk to you! You're too goddamn self- opinionated, now shut up.
I've already been warned by the Agency, Mr. Whoever.
Lot of pissed-off people, Mr. Garrison, you understand?
We have the man that killed the President.
He got angrier and angrier and then: Look, we can put you in a mental institution.
I knew something was crooked as a dog's hind leg, 'cause no one who is just taking a deposition gets that involved and angry... sure enough, when I finally read my testimony as published by the Warren Commission, it was a fabrication from start to finish.
You tell me how the hell you can keep a conspiracy going between the Mob, the CIA, FBI, and Army Intelligence and who knows what else, when you know you can't even keep a secret in this room between 12 people!
What the hell do we really got? Oswald, Ruby, Banister, Ferrie are dead.
How the hell do you know who your daddy is? 'Cause your momma told you so... You're way out there taking a crap in the wind, boss, and I for one ain't going along on this one.
Bill wasted a goddamn month trying to prove that mob boys like Barding and Jack Ruby played ball in right field with Hunt Oil.
(angry) Maybe you didn't hear what I said.
You're one stubborn and stupid sonofabitch D.A. and you're making one hell of a mistake!
He'll stop that war.
No, they'll kill him before they let him become President.
And if you're wrong?
They shot him down.
But how does Dymond know what to ask? FUCK!
We're dead.
In addition to which, 1) the chief pathologist, Commander Humes, by his own admission voluntarily burned his autopsy notes, 2)never released the autopsy photos to the public, 3) President Johnson ordered the blood soaked limousine filled with bullet holes and clues to be immediately washed and rebuilt, 4) sent John Connally's bloody suit right to the cleaners, and 5) when my office finally got a court order to examine President Kennedy's brain in the National Archives in the hopes of finding from what direction the bullets came, we were told by the government the President's brain had disappeared!
No records of their arrests.
It's Lois Lane #2.
A beat.
Deacon's anger turns to action.
Tom Cooperman kicked me in the balls in third grade, and I swear there is still a footprint on my nutsack.
Deacon stops it with his foot.
Coop.
I told you this Scarface plan was stupid.
Deacon is starting to really get pissed at Jake ruining the moment with Naomi.
Goddamn it.
Hey, asshole.
That name sucks.
But Johnson's an idiot.
He grabs the handle to the door.
Busted.
She looks at him like he's an idiot.
And CHOKE.
I want to do this, and if you don't let me, I'll go and tell your mommy what kind of sick shit you're doing.
And ... action.
Action.
And ACTION!
Holy shit!
Where the hell is Coop?
Action.
Deacon touches the cord, SCREAMS, and reels back, knocking the light over.
It EXPLODES onto the floor.
I'm gonna teach these assholes a little lesson about the adult film business.
Goddamn amateurs.
They get out of the car and Mike places the gun in his pants.
Mike pulls the gun out and puts it to Greitzer's head.
You told me it was Jakob the Liar!
Shit, man.
What's wrong?
My dress is ruined!
No. You're wasting your time giving those Neanderthals blowjobs.
Quit squirming.
Deacon is in shock: relieved, confused, and a little angry.
She's disappointed.
He stops as other cars bombard him.
(Annoyed) Fellas, what is this-a meeting o' the teamsters?
(Sighing) He's screaming his opinions in my ear.
Why are you so hostile?
"A Foul-Rag-and-Bone Shop-of-the-Heart." (Taking Robin's hand) I'm so tired of spending evenings making fake insights with people who work for Dysentery.
Stop acting out.
Dammit!
You know, what-whatta yuh gonna do, h-have 'em shut down the airport, too?
Where's the goddamn Valium?
Uh, I hate to tell yuh, this is nineteen seventy-five, you know that "neat" went out, I would say, at the turn of the century.
I was awful.
Oh, my God, I mean, they hated me.
No, I'm gonna quit!
I was too crazy.
Yeah, I'm-I'm-I'm a wreck.
Will it change ... (Yelling out, angry) Life.
Can't I be upset once in a while?
Yeah, and always over the most ridiculous things.
She's got a right to steal from us!
(Yelling into the scene) You're both crazy!
Well, if she is, then the hell with her!
GET ME FUCKING BRIAN!
Shit.
Judy gets up as Malcolm turns back to SIMON In the words of the late, great Nat King Fucking Cole, `Unforeseeable, that's what you are..' JUDY has spotted TOBY.
(as they walk on) He's an idiot.
Shit, really?
It's bad enough having to cope with the fucking Olympics.
Fuck.
(under his breath) Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck.
You should go (stupid voice) 'Look!
There's a Fucking Train!' JUDY'S and SIMON'S phones start ringing.
Oh shit.
"Everything's a bit shit isn't it?"
Fuck it.
I don't mean to be rude Karen but that is a tad... repulsive.
You're shitting me.
Like Section 1 paragraph 1 clause 1. Don't leave your boss twisting in the wind and then burst in late smelling like a pissed seaside donkey.
You didn't wet yourself, you're in the right city, you didn't say anything overtly racist, you didn't pull your dick out and start plucking it and shouting 'willy banjo'.
Toby mouths `shit' to himself.
Fuck.
What the hell happened?
They're watching Linton having angry words with Adriano.
Poor fuck.
(as to an idiot) The side wall.
I'm the fucking Gore Vidal of the Pentagon.
Not only is the case against war incredibly strong, the case for is caveated to hell.
I called for back-up, you sat there like a dumb sack of shit.
Shit.
I should be told this fucking stuff!
I'm fucking joking.
(reading) "While Foster jets around at the taxpayer's expense, his constituency headquarter's wall's collapsing and he doesn't give a shit.
Jamie enters, holding another local rag.
Okay, that's enough of the fucking Oxbridge pleasantries.
How is saying "hello" a... (grabbing a hole-puncher) Shut it, Love, Actually, or I'll hole- punch your face.
That is just a fucking fact.
A beat.
I hate that phrase.
So, Rob, Innis, (to Toby) Little Bo Cock Jockey (to Judy) And the leaky fucking mingebox, return to your desks and prepare for some extreme briefing.
What the fuck, Malcolm.
What the fuck is he doing here?
What?! What the fuck are you doing here?
I'm not going to fucking Fiji Michael, I'm being chucked out of my house.
You are such a fucking coward, you know that?
Page 91 Toby, take your rubbish clothes and your back issues of Mojo, your flute, and your eighth of dope and leave me the fuck alone.
You see through that door there are a number of secretariats that are currently doing what we call the washing up now... Just fucking do it, fishlips.
I think you're his English bitch and if I walked into your hotel room tonight I'd find you on all fours in fishnets and him hanging out the back of you.
A fucking squeezed dick.
That's where I'd put the fucking bullet.
I'll smack you so fucking hard you'll be shitting teeth.
Oh, and don't EVER call me fucking English again.
(re internet) This is great shit.
You're a fake hawk?
You're a fucking idiot.
You're not a fake idiot are you.
I'm as frustrated as you are mate.
He's fucking delighted.
Who's the fuck with the fiddle?
It'll mean your fingerprints are on it, Mikey, but it's the only way to save your job, you leaky fuck.
Shit.
What the fuck George.
It is - it is intolerable.
I have military commendations on my chest, not a little fucking label saying My Name Is George.
You're a fucking politician.
Don't talk about my fucking balls that way.
Get the fuck away from me.
I am a piss-brain.
I am a piss- brain for letting this happen.
Ridiculous, isn't it?
It's nor Ridiculous.
You know the phrase, "I'm too old for this shit?
Well, I'm too young for this shit.
Why would they be illegal?
Well, you know, Walt, I just wanted to say that anything I could do... That's very kind of...as a matter-of fact, one, I hate to bother you with... ...not at all... ...we need the shooting permit for Main Street... Whatever you need.
After Drama Group.
Drama Group? and Thursdays.
I grew up on your mov... Do you mind if we don't go through the usual bullshit about how I loved it?
(to Carla) You can go... Alright: Let's (he takes out a list, Carla exits) Page five, the fucking horse dies.
What's the trouble?
(sighs) Doug, the traffic light... Fuck the traffic light.
She's got "religion."
Where have you been? (on phone) You tell me: you tell me now, I've got to shoot on Wednesday and I will not pay your Blood Money and P.S., pal, I put the word out on the street and Betty Boop can look for work in squigglevision.
You fuck with me, and I'm going to tear out your heart and piss on your lungs through the hole in your chest.
We had a script conference.
Where the hell have you been?
Take that stupid fucking shirt off right now.
I JUST GET ME THE GODDAMN MONEY...Look: She doesn't show her tits!!!
Is that one hell of a kid?
Now, I am a lawyer, and I am the Jew, and you continue ONE MOMENT with this slanderous shit here in this public place, I'm going to have your ass over my mantleplace.
THE KID WAS NOT IN WITH YOU HERE, YOU MOTHERFUCKER.
...upset and impressionable.
Harassment.
Nothing, just an, an unfortunate... (he covers the phone) It's the Mayor, he's saying... Is he cool or angry?
You want me to lie.
Cravat's s'posed to point down to accentuate the genitals, why'd you wanna trust somebody, s'tie points out to accentuate his ears?
(holding cellphone to his ear) That's a cut!
Damn if the old man ain't right.
Gladys arrives and pulls the curtains shut once more.
The woman, MAE, 45, a dog-tired waitress, punches in the numbers and returns to her post behind the counter.
(to Jerry) Shut yer' mouth.
We gotta' get the hell outta'here!
Shut up! (re: Gladys) I vote we bring her with us.
(distracted) Who?
You've got shit on your face.
Why the hell we stoppin'?
You ever try that shit again... What?
I'm gonna' kill you for that.
What the hell?... (to Phillip) If he so much as moves you pull the trigger ... right here... Put your finger on it.
Yer' a fuckin' crazy man.
Powww!!!... It'll knock you on your ass.
Hell's bells, no shells.
Hit me with it?
This mess turns bloody -- and it might -- all it's gonna cost the Governor is a few votes!
The Ford he stole.
Unsavory.
(realizing his find) Aw... shit... Whattaya' think?
How'd ya' kill him?
Hell, that's no big deal.
Where I'm going isn't as important as 'Why am I going there?' (tired of the game) Shit.
Butch continues his hell-bent brisk pace in the field of dirt clods.
(to herself) Damn that kid!
The RINGING STOPS.
Butch, a tad annoyed, turns to Phillip and gives him a look.
You mad at me? (curt) No.
(beat) Hell, I don't know how it looked....
There are murderers I'd trust with my mother and petty thieves I wouldn't turn my back on.
One way or the other he beat the hell outta' every person he ever crossed, screwed or fathered.
The words "hell-bent" in cursive frame the tattoo.
A man lies on the floor in a pool of blood.
The RECORD STOPS.
I'll kill all of you if you try anything stupid.
Butch finishes tying, sticks the knife in his pocket and walks over to the PHONOGRAPH.
Colder than hell most all the time.
(into megaphone) Hate to tell ya', Butch, but yer' headed the wrong direction.
Threw it in the well.
If she's lyin' you can buy yer' own damn beer.
Then strut right over to them cops and yell 'trick r' treat.' Got it?
(to himself) Why the hell's he stoppin'?
Hell if I know.
(yells; to Butch) Butch!
Where the hell you going?
Now that you're here we can shut this thing down tight.
Storm?
What storm?
What's wrong?
(serious) What do you make of this? (softly) What the hell?
A break for what?
No, I know they're civilians... (into phone) ... I said send the subs down, damn it!
(into phone) Send them, damn it!
Gimme... shit.
Fuck him.
What the hell is going on here?Where's By the bunks.
Well, where the fuck is he?
Damn it!
What is it, Harry?
I hate jellyfish.
I hate squid.
The stress.
I hate jellyfish.
That pretentious son of a bitch.
He's a fucking self-righteous, little prick.
Cut the friends crap, get a name.
Don't gimme that psychology bullshit, Norman.
You're a fucking biochemist, aren't you?
What was Barnes doing before they cut that cable loose?
What the hell is going on here?
(beat) Shut it off!
Pull it, damn it!
You, me and Harry?
Beth! Shit! Beth?
Shit.
Harry?
what's wrong?
You sound mad.
Harry?
She's lying, Norman.
It's evil.
I said Jerry, didn't That's a hell of a mistake to make, Beth.
Ulcers.
For bites.
Damn it!
And he can fight it off?
Get the hell out of there.
Shit.
What the hell?
Oh shit.
For defense.
(beat) It was you.
You're lying -- Am I lying?
You've fucked yourself.
You're gonna shoot right to the surface and explode, Norman.
Leave me alone, Norman.
Get away from me! Beth -- Get away -- Did I kill her?
How long did you say -- Shut up.
We can refuse to talk.
So what's wrong with that?
You're terrible.
Got my gloves on, my ears pricked.
Yer damn right.
Who is this fucking guy?
What the hell are you talking about?
This is crazy.
Obeah evil.
(to Joe) Damn decent of you.
And I don't need your goddamn permis- sion either!
Those were his words?
With all due respect, you damn well better care because if you try to stonewall them again, there'll be blood on the floor.
What an angry fellow.
I set it up for him, he smacks it out of the park.
And I don't give a shit.
Cut the 'Bill' crap out -- you sonofabitch.
You're wasting your money.
What the hell do you care?
And what the hell does that mean anyway?
I told you to shut up.
You're talking through your hat.
Don't blow smoke up my ass, you'll ruin my autopsy.
The one- fucking-yard line.
You're a fucking traitor.
We don't want them to steal that.
Look, I am not the explosion guy, okay?
My father is the explosion guy.
I... ...pull the curtain back and there's the fucking history... ...-teacher with tenure.
But now I get fucking chastised for it?
It was a delusion.
It's a lot to deal with, especially when you don't know what the hell is happening, which I do now.
But if you think she still hates you, you're wrong because why would she tell me to invite you to dinner?
I feel like an idiot.
Holy shit.
I hate the fact that you wore a football jersey to dinner because I hate football, but you can fuck me if you turn the lights off, okay?
No. Cliff is lying, that's not true.
Jesus Christ, who's that?
Get outta here, you little fuckin' idiot!
Especially after all the shit you just told me.
You're killing me.
Forget the entire fucking idea.
`Cause that must have been fucking crazy because I am so much crazier than you.
Shut the fuck up.
Fuck you!
You shut the fuck up!Hey!
You may not have experienced the shit that I did.
You are an asshole.
You are an asshole!
Get off of me! (yelling) Get off! You're harassing me!
Shut up! Get off!
He's harassing me!! Hey, hey, stop, stop.
Hey, get off of me! Shut up, shut up.
Another rude creep.
He's saying you're being rude.
What the hell's going on?
Because I do this time after time after time, I do all this shit for other people and then I wake up and, and I'm empty, I have nothing!
Holy shit, look at you!
You are fit!
I'm gonna shut my mouth.
Did it fit?
And on the way back, he stopped on 76 to help a guy with a flat tire and he got hit by a car and killed.
I don't give a fuck.
You're not gonna read that shit on my time.
What the fuck happened?
The birds lose, I lose a fuckin' fortune, a fortune to Randy!
What the fuck did you do?!
You fucking lost it!
What are you fucking talking about?!
Your son was trying to-- It's all fucking ruined now.
I didn't do a fucking thing!
You fucking loser!
You ruined everything!
You fucking idiot!
You spike the ball on the one yard line, you fucking idiot!
Not that I give a fuck about football or about your superstitions, but if it's me reading the signs, I don't send the Eagles guy whose personal motto is "Excelsior," to a fucking Giants game, especially when he's already in a legal situation.
Shit.
Holy shit.
Look at those fucking dancers!
What the fuck?
Randy, what the fuck is happening, man?! Yeah, Randy, what the fuck is happening?! Where's Tiffany?
What the fuck is the matter with you?
This is so fucked up.
You let me lie to you for a week?
Then he hangs up.
She is stoned, moving in slow motion, screaming.
We're in the middle of a goddamn war zone and you're worried about doing the right thing.
Above him, the tremendous CLANGING noise of CARS POUNDING along the expressway.
You drove the hell out of that car.
Where the hell is Mister Son-nen-berg!!! Alright, Mr. Lockwood, you sit down.
Listen, you son of a bitch.
And when your asshole lawyer shows up, you're gonna take whatever plea bargain we give you and you're gonna kiss my ass and thank me that I didn't put you away for twenty-five years.
Shit.
This case is what we call a piece of shit.
But what's a bond?
Bonds.
What do you mean, 'wait'?! What the hell are you talking about?
Holy fucking shit.
And I stand before you with a heart that is angry.
But my heart is also angry.
Angry because the driver of that car did nothing for him!
Because, well, I don't give a shit, but he's gonna be a saint by the time we get through with him.
They're throwing shit right in my face!
That's my own fucking name.
This is a fuck-up.
Who the hell are you?
Stupid sons of bitches.
His wife is a fucking socialite.
Does this put an end to this white justice shit?
Fucking zip.
Don't listen to this shit, Abe.
(to Weiss) You'll kill him.
(shouting over the noise) What?! What?!!
I think we got a mother-fucking witness!!! is having his mug shots taken.
And he says, 'Fuck you, mother.
Bonds.
Bonds.
Bonds.
I was arrested last year in Montreal for pissing on a tree... Sherman, couldn't you try just once, to be a little bit interesting.
He refuses to deny his life.
He called me a whore today.
Bang it shut!
Where the hell do you think you are?!
Mr. Kramer, the court directs you to shut up!!!
The crowd goes crazy, screaming and booing and chanting...
The court officers form a wedge to help them through the screaming mob... Murderer!
Motherfucker!
The little shit.
Well, Filippo has run off with a little slut you should know about.
Shut up, Peter.
No. It's an illegal tape.
For Christ's sake, you didn't come here now, you didn't come all the way here on a fucking subway probably to tell me now... MR.
Lie.
Lie.
What in hell...?! (on tape) You know I'm a sucker for a soft dick.
Come on... Fuck!
Shut up and get out've the car.
You told me I can come 'cause I caught you digging the fuckin' tunnel, saw you and Lulu coming out of the bushes, thought maybe you two were making out.
I'm a federal marshal and you're under arrest, both of you guys.
(mouths) Fuck... So, what's your name?
Where in the hell are we?
Jesus Christ, what were you doing in there?
I'm gonna open the trunk enough for you to throw the gun out.
The fuck're you guys shooting at?
What's wrong with you?
Fuckin' guy's got a vacant lot for a head.
I don't know why, but every time he opens his mouth I want to punch him out.
I could do it right now myself, except it's so fucking cold up there in January-- Glenn?
Shit.
Another C. You're smart, Ripley, you'll tell this guy to fuck off.
You stick anything in this guy, Snoop, they transfer his ass outta here faster'n you can throw a fight, and you still end up with nothing.
Hey! Watch that shit! (calls OS) Tuffy.
(scoops up the dog) Moselle, the fuck are you doing to my little Tuffy?
Everybody knows Kal Kan doesn't pay for shit.
You gonna get a gig, it's gotta be for one of the big three: Science Diet, Iams or that Cycle shit for the fat dogs.
Now answer the fuckin phone.
It's fuckin one degree outside.
He's got a knack for pissing people off.
He's running for his life, he doesn't give a shit about you.
Shit.
So she still likes him enough to stick her neck out.
I want to bust his ass, put him in shackles.
That's a dead end.
Fuck it.
Now you see Foley and this guy Bragg come in behind us, whatta you do? (pissed) Call and tell you.
Is this your floor, mother?
You wanna pop some crack dealer pissed you off, that's your problem, not mine.
Hey, shit, come on.
(pissed) With everybody else.
(shakes his head) Fuckin' animals.
He's a fuckin' wackjob thinks he's Sugar Ray Leonard.
She came up here on her vacation, 'cause she likes shitty weather.
If Karen Sisco's tailing Glenn, we're fucked.
God damn ... What's wrong with you?
You think he'll let us in, we got Snoopy and the muscle-bound asshole with us?
What're you, the fuckin' Dali Lama now?
Whatta you think, you think there's a hell, Jack?
Are you fucking kidding me?
It smelled.
Why are you mad?
Now I can say I fucked a US Marshal.
They're fucking animals.
Rippin' off Ripley was my idea, but these guys, man, they're into shit I can't handle.
Now, I don't give a shit what they do.
If you're lying to me...
The fuck you talking about?
Yeah, well, what I say to Jack Foley is buuull shit .
Break and enter, shit.
Shit, yeah.
Takes the TV, the VCR, some other shit and leaves his wallet on the floor.
Get ready to grab the wheel when I shoot this asshole.
Kenneth, fuck the radio, put on a CD.
Jesus Christ, what the hell are you doing here?
Motherfucker!
We gonna open up this fucker... Jesus...! (gets up) Good God... they're shooting Midge! (pushes him down) Siddown, Dick.
...the fuck is this... Are they dead?
Don't be an asshole, Richard.
They're gonna kill you.
Where you been hiding, Dick?
Shit.
And then they'll kill 'em.
Jack -- Listen, Buddy, the shit that's about to go down, you'll be on the phone with your sister for a month.
(hears the scream) Midge.
Where the fuck is Foley?
Shit...
Put the guns down.
The man you accuse yourself of killing.
One moment I was a frustrated boy in an obscure little town.
This is insupportable!
I don't give a damn.
Is her mother still lying on the floor?
Is she a good fuck?
My heart was filling up with such hatred for that little man.
The fault is mine.
I told him I didn't know when you would be back, but he insisted on waiting.
Stop it, Wolfi.
Oh, this is ridiculous.
What is ridiculous?
It's so new, people will go mad for it.
people so lofty they sound as if they shit marble!
What anger?
Who the devil are you?
(close harmony) Hold tight now! (angry) Leave me alone!
(speaking) This is ridiculous.
(speaking) Shut up.
What dead?
Who is dead?
You're mad! She's mad, Wolfi.
(shouting) Who are you?
And fuck the Death Mass.
You work like a slave for that idiot actor who won't give you a penny and here.
It's killing me.
And I'm so stupid I stay here and listen to you! It's not fair!
If it's your father, tell him to fuck off.
...what's wrong?
Goddamn it, Ivy, what did she say?
(heads back into her room) Goddamn your father for putting me through this.
He hired this Indian for some goddamn reason and now I have a stranger in my house.
Barry was an asshole.
I warned you from the jump, first time you brought him over here in his little electric car with his stupid orange hair and that turban -- It wasn't a turban -- You work at a college.
I told Vi, "Take all those goddamn books he's so fond of and make a big pile in the front yard and have yourself a bonfire."
That bother you?
Who * was the asshole who saw this flat hot * nothing and planted his flag?
Goddamn, it's hot.
So she went to the pet store and raised hell and they gave her another parakeet.
The heat.
It was too hot.
They live in the fucking tropics.
Right, that's right -- You're such a fucking cynic.
I thought it was sexy as hell.
And it burns like a... bullshit.
He's fucking one of his grad students.
I don't care --aside from the pathetic English and Humanities cliche, like all those departmental dicks fucking their students -- he can fuck who he wants and that's who teachers meet, students.
I don't know -- Will you shut up about that fucking book?!
Why the fuck am I brushing my hair?
Holy shit, that's Karen.
You punish yourself, tell yourself it's your fault you can't find a good one.
Now will you leave it alone?
What the hell's on TV that's so important you?
Getting back here in time to watch Phantom of the Fucking Opera?
I am her father, goddamn it!
You're so goddamn self-righteous, you know?
You goddamn clumsy goofball!
He hadn't written any poetry to speak of since `65 and he never liked teaching worth a damn.
Mom, you are such a liar!
She would've knocked my goddamn head off my shoulders.
With his mother, his father, in a fucking car!
These are my best fucking friends and they never let me down.
Goddamn you... goddamn you, Barb... Shut up! (silence) Okay.
Get Mom some black coffee, a wet towel and listen to her bullshit.
(she nods) Are you mad at me? Nope.
What the hell did you say--?
Half-brother.
I'll murder you, you prick!
Son-of-a-bitch is a goddamn sociopath!
I hate you!
Yeah, I hate you too, you little freak!
Now wait just a goddamn -- You better find out from Jean exactly what went on before you start pointing fingers.
I fail.
I fail.
Shut the fuck up.
Eat that fucking fish.
Barbara...! Okay, fuck it, do what you want.
Are we breaking shit?
Charles and I -- You don't want to break shit with me, muthah-fuckah -- Charles and I -- Johnna?! Little spill in here!
Ivy, listen -- Leave me alone.
You were both fucked-up...
You were * fucked-up...
You are fucked-up.
You want to show who's stronger, Bev? Nobody's stronger than me, goddamn it.
Ivy?! Ivy, you here?! Barb?! Ivy?! Bev?! ...Bev?! Johnna?! "August" 9/21/12 FINAL WHITE Draft 136.Johnna...
It's the goddamn water.
Kill an ox.
What's wrong with it?
When you get angry your tie starts to spin.
Jack... Count the fucking money, Frank.
Five bucks.
Wanna run and get him for me? (continuing) Shit.
Fuck it.
Hell, let's give Eddie a vote.
To kill the butterflies, okay?
(as she hits it) What fucking switch?
What's wrong with them?
Shit.
You get around one of these assholes and you turn into a fucking three-year-old.
(stopping) Christ, can't you hear it?
But I won't let it bother me.
There's trouble there.
Ethel and Bert Lane.
What the hell are these?
You want to tell me what the hell's going on?
It's my goddamn car!
It's our goddamn car!
I'm gonna throw up, Frank.
Frank, I can't sing that fucking song anymore!
It's a shitty song.
You're upset.
It means you wouldn't know good if it came up and fucked you.
(continuing) Shit.
Are you fucking kidding me?
We're playing for a goddamn gymnasium!
Jack ... What the -- (pointing) You're a fucking creep, you know that.
Shut up, Frank.
I can smell it on you.
You'll forget what you're angry about.
Go fuck yourself.
Hey, leave him alone.
Who do you think you are, asshole?
A fucking moron?
(continuing) Damn.
Fuck forty!
Forty can suck my dick.
Why can't I get new clothes?! Nothing fits me!! God damn it!!
Bike lane, asshole!
That is ridiculous.
You're a ball of shit.
Hang in there.
It's a hat with the Oreo logo on it.
Fuck.
Okay?! You're tightening up.
Why are you locking the door?
She's faking!
God damn it!
That's loud.
I fed half of one.
Last time I saw her she was throwing her Cheerios on the floor.
I would say the weekends, but our weekends are hell.
You deserve it.
Prince can fuck.
My dick and balls.
(mutters) What the fuck is left?
Your rules are ridiculous.
So, then Sadie said, "Don't call me a bitch."
And Joseph said, "I didn't call you a bitch, I said don't act like a bitch.
It's ridiculous.
You wanted the responsibility, take it on the chin, and stop acting like a bitch.
Because you spent thousands of dollars on shit we don't need.
You really need to spend thirty thousand dollars on a fucking neon sign, dude?
You're going through financial shit.
Let's fucking dance!
Well, it hurts me inside and triggers me that you're such a dishonest shit that you're lending your father money without telling me, while your record company is going bankrupt and we're on the verge of losing our fucking house!
You have never been nice to her and now she's getting aggressive with you.
I heard that your wife has been screaming at my son and I don't appreciate it.
She screamed at my son.
What the hell is the matter with her?
If he insults my daughter again, I'm going to hit him with my car.
I'm going to show up at your house when you're sleeping, and I'll take your iPad and your iPod or your iMac and I'll shove them up your fucking iCunt.
My kid is a fucking angel.
I don't have time for this shit.
Well, I'm fucking sick of it!
Yeah, I said "fuck."
Fuck fuck fuck.
I don't know what the fuck happens!
He's ruining our daughter.
That fucking geek.
We're mad at them.
I'm Jack, damn it.
The smell.
What the fuck is happening right now?
You're the asshole.
Open your god damn eyes.
I don't now where the fuck you are and what you're doing.
I hate when you say that.
I hate the planet Uranus.
I hate snails and blue cheese.
I hate overly ripe bananas -- they make me want to throw up.
I hate wax lips and red ants and pretzels without salt...
I hate the crayon Burnt Sienna and people who spit when they walk.
I've got a case where they're this close to sequestering the jury but have I answered the goddamn thing?! Something's up wi...
They don't hate you -- And what you're telling them is keep hating her -- keep up the good work -- Nobody's telling them to hate you -- Really?
And I'm not gonna screw with my kids heads right now -- You know I don't need another person in this family making me feel like an idiot...your ex-wife's doing a bang up job and I have to face it every Tuesday and Thursday and every other goddamn weekend and I just don't know how the hell you were married to her for so goddamn long!
She leaves the room SLAMMING the door behind her.
Rachel throws open the door.
To get mad.
And the evil part is.
I'm sorry I lost my temper the other day.
This bitch is responsibility.
(doesn't turn) No, that's your fault.
If you want me to hate her I will.
kicked out.
A flash of the anger flickers.
Hell, you'll still be ambulatory.
Are you mad?
Across the room, an irritated Jackie finishes the last of the paperwork at the nurses station.
You're making me insecure.
I'm doing it behind her back.
DISSOLVE TO... FORTY-FIVE MINUTES LATER...Rachel, in a pointed party hat, sits schmushed on the couch in between all the other MOTHERS.
How fucking touching.
Civilized as hell.
We don't need the bullshit.
You don't see him, you don't hear him, you're just too much of a woman to bother with little boys.
SMASH CUT TO LATER, as...
She's out of words.
She sits, unceremoniously, right on the floor.
I think my 'primo shit' got left in my 'bellbottoms.'
A asshole. (nodding) And you said... What else? Keep on keepin' on.
You disagree?
Tired as hell.
I got yelled at for quitting at Under Luke's patient exterior, the stress is showing.
You know what that creep and his frogfaced footmen are calling me Frosty, the Snow Bitch!! That's so weak.
Shit.
Bang shut.
Aw.
You're lying.
You hate my guts?
They fucking worship you as it is.
Now how can that be bad.
When you're in trouble.
...Ben RIPPING the shit out of wrappings like a wolverine, Annabelle carefully saving her gift paper as if she were going to hang it in the Louvre.
Tell them I'll send 455 to the floor.
The President's pissed as hell, Susan.
That letter was a stupid move.
He's gonna win re-election in a walk, and he could give a shit what we stand by!
Are you under the impression that I'm mad at you? (pause) Well... Sydney, seldom does a day go by that I'm not burned in effigy.
Listen, are you hungry?
It's a waste of time.
The hell with it -- I'm moving to another country.
Damn.
They're hammered.
Attack.
What the hell does it matter how much money I-- You would raise your voice to the President?
Shit, Stu, my mother's got an FBI file.
I'll call you tonight Boy, I hate doing that.
Are you still reading that ridiculous biography?
I got stuck on DePont Circle.
Then I got cut off by this idiot cab driver who starts screaming at me like it's my fault.
Get stuck on DuPont Circle again?
I hate that place.
It was a disaster.
(beat) Okay.
Did the GDC's political director just tell the President and the White House Chief of Staff that there are three votes on the crime bill that can be bought by stickin' the fossil fuel package in a drawer.
On election day, nobody gives a damn.
Congressman Pennybaker, on election day, people give a damn about what I tell them to give a damn about.
Bullshit, Leon.
They give a damn about their own.
Why is she mad?
Has he lied?! What?
Has he lied?
Fuck you.
Dad hates this guy!
(continuing) Give 'em hell, Andy.
If you'd only see her, you're her whole life - you must have spotted her by now, she's always there... Kind of mousy trench coat and funny hat? (Karen nods) How could I miss her?
Take your mistress into the bathroom and dress her.
That I am... Then you're crazy.
I'm too mad- - guilty.
Was she that bad?
That's the trouble.
More than any two people I know, I don't want you and Lloyd to be angry with me... We're never deeply angry, we just get sore.
Silly, isn't it?
And the disgrace.
I really hate to bother you like this, but the way Eve's been feeling - I'm just worried sick what with her leaving for New Haven tomorrow, and everything... Tell her not to worry - tell her I'll be right over.
Old wives' tales, born of envy and jealousy!
She was a liar, she was a liar!
That was a stupid lie, easy to expose, not worthy of you...
We deserve each other.
I was upset.
A hundred bucks to me... (mulling it over) Ah, what the hell.
Rusty takes in the sight -- bottled fucking water on a poker table.
I stole things.
You're out of your goddamn minds.
You are, both of you, nuts.
Course, he was breathing out of a hose the next three weeks, goddamn hippie.
He get religion?
Quit connin' me.
Tell me what the scam is?
On the night of the fight, we're gonna throw the switch on sin city.
But what doesn't beat the shit out of being a circus performer?
Tell me this isn't about screwing the guy who's screwing your wife.
Here's the problem: we're stealing two things now.
She must have put him through hell.
I understand it's going to be a hell of a fight.
Which one married his mistress?
A beat.
Sounds frustrating.
You're a thief and a liar.
Steal?
Lie.
Shit.
Okay: they've put you in the middle of the room, far from everything.
(and he's not happy) We're in deep shit.
Linus hoses Basher off, his accent angry and thick as he spits out water and the story of his afternoon and if nobody understands a word he's saying, that's okay... OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 79.
The damn demo crew didn't use a coaxial lynch to back the mainline!
Danny rises and paces, frustrated.
Every time a nuclear weapon detonates, it unleashes an electromagnetic pulse which shuts down any power source within its vicinity.
Only SAUL dares make a noise, HUMMING and SPLASHING in the next room.
He's out?! It's that or we shut down right now.
Saul stares at him: none of your fucking business.
There's a KNOCK at the door.
Walsh, finding Fat and Slim as they are, coughs; the two watchers leap immediately to their feet.
One Goon rises to usher in... ... the BRUISER, come to beat the shit out of Danny Ocean.
Standing guard outside, the Goons hear PUNCHES and GROANS from inside as... ... Danny climbs onto Bruiser's shoulders and pushes through the ceiling rafters, groaning every time Bruiser slaps his fist into his hand.
Oh shit... Saul witnesses this, too, and stifles a reaction.
(to himself) The first goddamn round.
The monitors here flicker back on, too, displaying the images from monitor B, but every watcher in the place is watching a table because... ... the floor is going nuts.
Linus punches in the code for the door to the vault anteroom (the one he stole from Benedict).
Danny takes a flat hand and slaps the door hard.
He takes the batteries, inserts them in his detonator, then slaps the door twice more.
The "EMERALDS" EXPLODE.
(his only English) Where the fuck you been?
Who the hell is this? in the distance, at the arena's exit, unseen by Benedict or Tess, on the phone...
The man who's robbing you.
What the hell is going on down there in the vault?
Benedict cups his phone, too, and vents his rage.
Walsh grabs a phone, punches numbers... 911.
The door EXPLODES open!
(dropping his walkie- talkie to his side) Shit.
A beat.
Thirteen million and you drive that piece of shit cross country to pick me up?
Thief.
Fuck you, Clarence.
W hat am I s upposed t o do?
Illegal holding.
I got my neck out on this.
Whatever it takes, I'm gonna get these bastards.
(frustrated) ' . . .
Geddadaheah before you make me mad.
Lefty, how you gonna be mad at Nicky?
I'm mad at his stupidity.
Be got me so fucking aggravated, Boobie, I forgot what I said.
(angry) I ' m a dunsky?
On the arm.
Fugazy my fucking ass.
It's a fake.
This's a fake?
Tha t's w hat I'm s aying .
Shut up, Terry.
L.A.? Do you know how fucking big California is?
How the fuck should I know?
I didn't say I fucked him.
The Owner SAGS to his knees.
You think I got a fucking wire in my car?
What do you think--you think I ' m a fucking rat stoolpigeon?
What the fuck does he give a fuck?
(aside, to Donnie) Fucking Sonny Red.
I hate to lose. .
I don't give a shit about the m oustache.
But if yo u're gonna live your life however the fuck you want then let me live mine.
She storms out.
You better fucking get down here.
T he fucking boss--you don't even know the fucking boss exists until he gets whacked, and then your whole fucking life gets turned around.
That fucking Sonny Black.
He gets upped to skipper, first thing he's gonna do is go out and buy a big fucking Mercedes.
I think I shit my pants.
(to Lion) Get the fuck outta here.
My son Tommy, she's more of a mother to him than my ex- wife, that bitch, (beat) My own fucking son's a junkie, you believe it?
I ' m like Claude Rains-- I ' m the Invisible fucking Man.
That fucking Blackstein is gonna have the arm on me every fucking week.
Maggie starts to PUNCH him.
I hope (punch) those guys you're hanging out with (punch) are laying you (punch) because I ' m (punch) not anymore!
SLAMS out the door.
Bullshit, Boobie.
another deafening smash at the parking meter.
You're like a bunch of fucking niggers on welfare.
A look that says: SHUT UP.
Who can get a fucking thing going in this fucking city?
Everybody fucks Minnie Mouse up t he a ss.
Then suddenly-- In a RAGE, he stands up, THROWS HIS CHAIR, knocks over the card table.
You think this is a fucking joke?
One day I ' m gonna die, and I ' m gonna be in this same fucking room, with these same fucking guys, talking about these same fucking scams that never amount to anything, and that's how I'll know I got sent to fucking Hell.
They stole the Mercedes.
I never heard of such a fucking thing.
Put a gun in your pocket, straighten them right out.
It's fucking ridiculous.
On the lo a ns ha rk in g-- Donnie Brasco has the worst fucking credit rating in the history of the Mafia.
I need that fucking boat.
Shit.
Yeeccch.. Fuck that.
If Donnie had a dollar for every broad of all his broads, he could buy the fucking boat himself.
That fucking Florida baked everybody's brain.
when Sonny gets out of the fucking sun he's gonna realize what a miserable fucking idea you had.
Who the fuck wants to go to Florida?
You get that fucking bag.
Pick up the fucking bag.
Now you're on your fucking high horses.
For your information I'll call you whatever the fuck I want.
I call you motherfucker.
Fuck.
My fucking knife's in the bag.
Fucking whack m e .
You make me so fucking mad I'm gonna whack you and then I'm gonna get whacked for whacking you anyway!
Shut up, Louise.
Lefty, frustrated, turns on the TV.
The Maitre d' stops them.
(to Maitre d') How about you take off your fucking pants?
Hey, Boobie, who won the fucking war? : Donnie--I ' m hungry and I ain't in the mood.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
O r he kill s somebody --did you ever think of that?
I can't make a decision this wayl It's fucking insanity!
(right back) Then make the fucking call.
That's w hat it's a lways been with this.
I told you that wire was a fucking fiction writer.
A hit .
I had too many fucking disappointments in my l ife.
Shit.
I am spending my life to put away the guys that make money off this shit, and I'm damned to hell if I ' m gonna have it in my house.
In the fucking car that I make the payments on, in the fucking driveway of the house that I pay the fucking mortgage on--a goddam m ar i ju an a s e ed -- (defiant) How do you know it isn't mine?
RAGE drumming up inside him, rage that CRESCENDOES as he Sh e l ooks up at hi m.
I ain't going in your fucking basement.
Where's that fucking flashlight? and the flash of a SHOTGUN firing.
BANG! BANG! as shotguns EXPLODE.
The shower curtains drawn shut.
Rip s op en reads by the light of the flashlight Donnie, a dimly-seen dervish of RAGE...He hurls the flashlight...Throws a chair and it SPLINTERS. . .
PUNCHES at the wall...Again and again and again...Then sags to the ground...Weeping...Or The electric bill...I can't get over it...The fucking 'B' didn't pay the fucking electric billI Maggie convalesces--her wounds have begun to heal and she's no longer intubated, although her eyes are still bandaged.
Y ou don't believe the shit that c omes up.
Donnie checks the action on his gun... How the fuck did I know it was a fucking Federal boat?
What the fuck--?
Z ZZ Hl They say he's an agent, I say he's a fucking agent.
You son of a bitch.
(acquiescing) You're very rude... if you don't come back -- I'll be back in a while.
Now get the fuck inside.
(annoyed) So what's your point?
-- You takin' a lot of shit lately, George.
Oh fuck, Norman!
She's really going to be pissed if I don't.
I'm exaggerating.
(furious) Wanda... Oh yeah?
You were supposed to handle that bitch, she's always asking for you, and she was furious you weren't here.
If I have to touch her again, I'll throw up! (exploding) Don't talk like a child.
If you screw me up for tonight, I'll kill you, I swear to God, I'll kill you.
George... how about Felicia? (expressionless) What?
I just want to see Lester with me and that cunt in the same room tonight.
Shut the door, shut the door!
Shut the door, Lester.
It's nerve wracking sometimes... women can get you very upset.
I am not! (he starts to placate her) Look... (then defiantly) Do you wanna fuck me? (defiantly) Yeah.
Wait a minute, God-damn-it.
Lester, what the fuck do you think you're doing?
That son of a bitch, everything he says is a phony piece of shit, what does he think, I'm some cigar butt he's got between his teeth -- (almost picking her up) C'mon, cunt, you're going for a walk.
(angry himself) What do you expect me to do about it?
C'mon, take me out of here, somewhere I don't have to lie to anybody and I'll fuck your brains out, you little fiend, I adore you (plaintive) -- don't you want to -- Jackie, can we -- (a little louder) Who's the greatest cocksucker in the world?
Fuckin' A -- Senator, excuse me a moment -- Now, Jackie -- (trying for aplomb) -- she's a very compulsive girl.
(to Lester) -- you phony asshole -- (as if he didn't hear it) Oh, dear that's too bad.
I am you, you little bastard.
Come on, George -- No, later, maybe -- go ahead, I'll catch up with you -- (they head off) I've got -- Where the fuck you been, Jackie?
So what's been going on, Red Dog? Hey, it's the same old shit, ain't it?
No matter where you go, it's the same old shit.
Same old shit.
It's the same old shit wherever you go, nothing ever changes.
What's wrong?
What's wrong?
Shhh -- (with genuine awe) -- now that's what I call fucking.what
(screaming) You son of a bitch!
You didn't plan on fucking him tonight.
You did fuck him, didn't you?
You dumb cunt, everybody fucks everybody, grow up, for Christ's sakes.
Come into the shop tomorrow and I'll show you -- I fucked her, and her, and her, and her, and her -- I fucked 'em all!... That's what I do, I fuck.
That's why I went to beauty school, to fuck.
I can't help that, they're there and I do their hair and sometimes I fuck 'em.
I stick it in and I pull it out and that's a fuck, it's not a crime.
Hey, have 'em put me away, or whatever you're gonna do, okay?... I'm too tired to lie, I'm too tired to tell the truth... I'm too tired for anything.
I mean Jesus fucking Christ, they're women, aren't they?
Well I do, I do 'til it's fucking coming out of my ears.
They fucking hate us!
We're always trying to fuck them... they know it and they like it and they don't like it... that's just how it is... look, it's got nothing to do with you, man.
She hates her.
Why, why do you think that is? Oh, fuck, Lester, how should I know?
You can say everybody's a whore.
I'm beat.
What! Somebody's going to have to wash Mrs. Young.
Temper, temper, George.
You ran out on me and you left it like a goddamn pig pen.
Look, I've had a rough night, one of the roughest I've ever had, now I'm not in the mood for any sulking bullshit, what's wrong?
(beat) Myself.
From what I understand from your colleagues, you're much too valuable in your present assignment to be wasted on what I'm sure will boil down to a five minute plea bargain and a week's worth of paper work.
Now we got this done and I mean now, or no kidding, Kaffee, I'll hang your boy from a fuckin' yardarm.
Dawson and another member of his squad, PFC Louden Downey, they go into Santiago's room, tie him up, and stuff a rag down his throat.
They poisoned the rag?
Who the fuck is PFC William T. Santiago.
What the fuck's going on over at Windward, Matthew?
Santiago doesn't make 4.1 on his next fitness report, I'm gonna blame you.
Then I'm gonna kill you.
Private Downey, the rag you stuffed in Santiago's mouth, was there poison on it?
The rag was tested for poison.
(beat) What the hell.
(shouting) Yeah.
How the hell is your dad?
(pause) Well... don't I feel like the fuckin, asshole.
What I want is for you to stand there in that faggoty white uniform, and with your Harvard mouth, extend me some fuckin' courtesy.
(continuing) I hate casualties, Matthew.
I'm accusing you of -- Jack didn't know about the order.
Kendrick's lying.
I don't give a shit.
Listen to me, three o'clock he doesn't know what killed Santiago, then he meets with Jessep, and at five o'clock he says it was poison?
Bruises?
Fuck!!
I'll flip you for it.
Did that make you mad? (pause) You can tell the truth, corporal, it's alright.
Did it make you mad? Yes sir.
How mad?
Were the other members of the squad angry?
Commander, if I had a coronary condition, and a perfectly clean rag was placed in my mouth, and the rag was accidentally pushed too far down, is it possible that my cells would continue burning sugar after the rag was taken out?
Object.
Strike it.
Why do you hate them so much?
(beat) We'll keep doing what we're doing, and we'll put on a show, but at the end of the day, all we have is the testimony of two people accused of murder.
That night the guys in my squad threw a blanket over me and took turns punching me in the arm for five minutes.
Object.
You know shit.
Damn.
Damn.
I have an obligation to tell you that if you accuse Kendrick or Jessep of any crime without proper evidence, you'll be subject to Court-Martial for professional misconduct.
And I wanna tell you that I think the whole fuckin' bunch of you are certifiably insane.
By Dawson, by Galloway, shit, I practically dared you.
What the fuck are you trying to pull?
Then why the hell isn't it listed in the Tower Chief's log?! Why the hell did you think it would be?!! What are you telling me? (beat) He fixed the log book?
I wasn't strong enough to stop it.
This guy got, into full dress uniform, stood in the middle of that room, drew a nickle plated pistol from his holster, and fired a bullet into his mouth.
It's also useless.
(pause) You chicken-shit.
What does it matter -- Why?! I wanted the damn transfer order!
You had an instinct.
Yes, Johnny, after falsely accusing a marine officer of conspiracy, Lt. Kaffee will have a long and prosperous career teaching typewriter maintenance at the Rocco Columbo School for Women.
Thank you for playing "Should We or Should-We-Not Follow the Advice of the Galacticly Stupid".
(continuing) Jo, we look ridiculous.
I was angry and... I'm sorry about what I said.
Objection.
Judge -- I'm gonna put a stop to this now.
Object.
You little bastard.
Object!
Either way, I don't give a damn what you think you're entitled to.
Did you order the code red? (pause) You're goddamn right I did.
What the hell's going on?
What the hell -- Colonel Jessep, you have the right to remain silent.
I saved lives, you hear me? (continuing) You fuckin' people.
I've gotta go arrest Kendrick.
Nigga didn't have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out 'fore I set 'em up.
Now, motherfucker's rollin' in cash.
He got himself a yacht, with all kinds of high tech navigational shit on it.
Four years that's a long fuckin time.
I got me five M-60 machine guns.
(holding a key) This one's for the ignition... (holding a little black box) ... but you gotta hit this thing to shut the alarm off and unlock the door.
What the fuck can I say?
What the fuck can I say?
How old is that machine gun shit?
That's why they call it "fuckin' with ya."
And like Johnie Cochran, dude hates fuckin' cops.
I'm serious, this man lives to fuck with the police.
So we sic the junkyard dog on their ass, make 'em - (he bumps fist with Beaumont) ... Stop fuckin' wit ya! Hey, c'mon in, man.
I gotta use a gun get what I want, I'm gonna use a gun.
You think I'm gonna let this little cheese eatin' nigga here fuck that up?
Shit, you better think again.
They're a bunch of fuckin' pricks in Customs.
They fuckin' wit' her.
A black woman in her forties gets busted with less than two ounces on her, they call that shit Intent.
Same shit happened to a movie star.
You're not my client until you get busted and I bond you out.
I mean, gangsters don't give a fuck - but for the average citizen, coupla nights in County fuck with your mind.
We got a forty-year-old, gainfully employed black woman, falsely accused - Falsely accused?
She didn't come back from Mexico with cocaine on her? Falsely accused of Intent.
If she had that shit - and mind you, I said "if" - it was just her shit to get high with.
Karen's a good kid, but she's mad at you, because you lied to her.
I burnt those two Starky and Hutch motherfuckers down.
Then their asses lucked out and found that coke.
'Cause if he busted you, you'd play hell bonding out of federal court.
He doesn't want you mad at him, he wants you to tell him what you know.
But if all I can give 'em is Ordell's name - I don't really know shit about what he does or how he does it - That don't give me much to bargain with.
Oh, shit.
Otherwise, fuck 'em.
Does it bother you?
I'm serious, you smoke too much of that shit.
That shit robs you of your ambition.
I hated disco.
How the fuck they know that?
Well, shit.
What the fuck's that got to do with it?
I mention the half-million - they don't give a fuck about that - They want you with guns.
... so first he tries to get into the cocaine business but realizes right away that shit's too competitive.
Piss the wrong person off, you get shot.
So he says, fuck that - moves over to guns.
No one gives a shit.
Is it dead?
He's still a fuck-up.
Does that bother you?
Can't even be faithful to a fuckin' movie star.
You know, make it look more intriguing, like we know what the fuck we're doin'.
Put your bag on the floor, okay?
Ray wants Ordell, he don't give a shit about the money.
Money won't convict him, guns will.
That's what you do to go through with the shit you start.
To her dumb country ass, Compton is Hollywood.
If this is about you fucked Melanie, I don't give a damn.
I leave you alone with a bitch like Melanie, you're gonna be fuckin' that twenty minutes after I'm out the door.
You could teach that bitch for days how it is 'tween me an you, she never understand a damn word.
She gonna hafta find her sandals... find her bag... find her sunglasses... take twenty damn minutes get her ass out the door.
What the hell you talkin' bout?
It's my money, I can do whatever the fuck I wanna do with it.
You tell him about this shit?
(softly under her breath) Chicken shit.
I imagine shit needs to be done.
She knows everything, but she's not part of it, and she's pissed cause she's not part of it.
Chicken shit.
Listen, Miss, I'm waiting for a drink and you spend half the fuckin' flight in the can.
Why, because I called you an asshole.
Oh, well, you're an asshole.
What the fuck are you two still doing there?!
Get your ass out the door.
I'm telling you, keep your mouth shut.
Don't say one fuckin' word.
Started running her fuckin' mouth...
What we don't want is that bitch surviving on us.
Look, I swear to fucking god, she came out with that bag and I took it from her.
You sure she ain't somewhere with a half-a-million dollars I worked my ass off to earn? (quietly) Fuck you for asking me that.
Ray, I swear, Melanie came in and grabbed it.
You wouldn't have that fuckin' boat weren't for me.
Motherfucker hung up on me.
Girl, this shit is repugnant.
My ass be dumb, but I'm not a dumbass.
I fuckin' told Louis he could've just given her a punch in the mouth, he didn't need to shoot her.
You better be, motherfucker.
Hey, girl, what the hell you sitting in the goddamn dark for?
Yeah, your fee.
I throw spear...
Yes, Captain! (motioning) Scrape off this bird shit.
What the hell you been doing with your life?
Well, then, hell man, you comin' with me!!
This littl' fat bastard, "tug Irish," what they calls them.
They say the Irish the only one's stupid `nough to work a tug.
Them and the Portuguese, as we all know how stupid them Portuguese is.
I fin'ly get up the nerves and tell him... "I don't wanta spend da rest of my life on a goddamn tugboat...!" You know what I'm sayin'?
He says "Who the hell you think you are?" "What the hell you think you can do?"
The brothers getting off the tug... and no sooner have they hit dry land they immediately get into a fist fight...
A floor creaking.
Are you upset, Mother?
I'll take any able bodied mens who wants kick shit out of the Japs and the Huns.
There wasn't a sound... Except for the lapping of water, and the tugboat's engines, there isn't... just the silence of death... Something else appears, doming onto the surface like a spectre... the U-BOAT that had reeked this havoc... looking to see the results... Captain Mike sees the sub... (mad as hell) We can't run from the fucker and we can't hide...! There's only one thing we can do...! (and he shouts) Battle Stations...!!!
caliber machine gun on the tugboat... Benjamin is grazed by a bullet, his forehead cut open, bleeding... Despite the strafing the tug is relentless...
The concussion of the collision has triggered a torpedo in the sinking submarine's torpedo shaft, the torpedo exploding, bursting the submarine, and in the process, blasting away under the stern of the tugboat... the men on the stern blown to pieces... Benjamin's literally thrown against the wheel house...
They shots the hell out my paintin'!
You can be mad as a mad dawg at the way things wents...
You stopped writing.
Does that upset you?
They stop at the kitchen door.
You can be mad as a mad dog at the way things went...You can swear, curse the fates, regret everything you ever did... but when it comes to the end...
Queenie shuts the window.
And when she had gotten her coat the phone had rung... and so she had stopped to answer it... and talked for a couple of minutes...
While the taxi was stopped, waiting for a traffic light...
She shuts off the lights...
You never said a word to me... Caroline, upset, gets up...
And she shuts off a set of the lights.
She stops to lock the door.
She sees him raging.
Unless we get snowed in ... I'm joking.
It's fucking cold and I'm on a pay phone.
I prefer a whore who pretends she isn't.
Crazy mother.
Was he abusive?
The enemies of my friends are my enemies.
I hate Wennerstrom as much as you hate what he's done to you.
So I deserve to be treated like an idiot?
I was lying.
I'll use `illegal,' since that what it was when you hacked into my computer.
Boxing.
The killer uncaged the animals, smashed the aquariums.
Rape.
Torture.
She presses a button and the elevator jerks to a stop between floors.
It's not unusual Martin would have joined the search party - it would be unusual if he hadn't - it's his sister that's missing - but this blazer he's wearing troubles Blomkvist - Handsome but useless young man, Martin.
You hunt?
Salander strides past the napping night watchman without leaving the keys or bothering to tell him she's done.
I'm mentally incompetent and can't manage daily life.
He was angry - at me - for not being able to tell him what happened to her. (pause) He didn't kill her.
Fuck me.
A car pulls up the drive.
It was fake.
Then it won't be a waste of it.
Police released this photograph, taken yesterday by the tourist, Jens Assur - A snapshot of Wennerstrom, or someone who looks like him - tropical shirt, hat and sunglasses - climbing into a car.
You got that telegram, and you're upset.
Oh, you mean the kid that had his ears slapped back by the druggist.
And, for the carriage trade, I puts on my hat.
(getting mad) George Bailey!
I'm going to scream!
What are you doing, picketing?
No, I don't want to be rude.
(indignant) Me?
The groom, idiot.
It hurts... (screaming at him) Where's that money, you stupid, silly old fool?
(tugging at coat) Excuse me, excuse me... (annoyed) Excuse you for what?
Wrong?
Is that Zuzu's teacher?
It isn't enough she slaves teaching your stupid kids how to read and write, and you have to bawl her out... (furious) You get out of here, Mr. Welch!
What's wrong?
I hate to do this, fella.
That's a lie.
I'm gonna fuck this bitch, that bitch... (Blue Velvet Hopper) (to O.C.) What you looking at?! I'll kick your fucking ass! (to SILENT BOB) Doesn't that motherfucker still owe me ten bucks?
Tonight, you and me are going off that fucker's head, and take out his fucking soul!
Remind me if he tries to buy something from us, to cut it with leafs and twigs...or fucking shit in the motherfucker's bag! Wa sup sluts?
You one rude motherfucker!
But you're cute as hell.
(makes blow job neck-jerks) And then, I wanna line up three more guys, and make like a circus seal... Ewwww!
You fucking faggot!
I fucking hate guys! (yelling) (calmer) Neh.
It's not that easy to quit.
(to DANTE) Yeah, now shut up so he can speak!
Let's abolish this heinous practice of sucking poison, and if it means ruffling the feathers of a convenience store idiot, then so be it!
You're the source in this area, and we're going to shut you down for good!
What's wrong?
I'm insulted.
I touched a nerve.
Why'd you hit me?
Shit!
How many dicks have you sucked?! Let it go...
Shut up a second and I'll tell you!
I didn't freak like this when you told me how many girls you fucked.
Thirty-seven?! (to CUSTOMER) My girlfriend sucked thirty-seven dicks!
In a row?
And then you act all nonchalant about fucking twelve different girls.
No, but you sucked enough dick!
The last one, I might add, which-if you're too stupid to comprehend- means that I've been faithful to you since we met!
But don't look at me like I'm the town whore, because you were plenty busy yourself, before you met me! (a bit more rational) Well...why did you have to suck their dicks?
You calling me a liar?
That's why you're jockeying a register in some fucking local convenience store instead of doing an honest day's work.
(tosses tape on counter) I got no more time to bullshit around waiting for that sonofabitch.
And I wanted to get a damn movie, too.
(kicks the door) Man!
I hate it when I can't rent videos!
That's cheating?
People say crazy shit during sex.
I'd like to place an order...Okay... (reading from list) I need one each of the following tapes: Whisper in the Wind, To Each His Own, Put it Where It Doesn't Belong, My Pipes Need Cleaning, All Tit-Fucking, Volume Eight, I Need Your Cock, Ass-Worshipping Rim- Jobbers, My Cunt and Eight Shafts, Cum Clean, Cum-Gargling Naked Sluts, Cum Buns Three, Cumming in a Sock, Cum on Eileen, Huge Black Cocks with Pearly White Cum, Slam It Up My Too-Loose Ass, Ass Blasters in Outer Space, Blowjobs by Betsy, Sucking Cock and Cunt, Finger My Ass, Play with my Puss, Three on a Dildo, Girls Who Crave Cock, Girls Who Crave Cunt, Men Alone Two-The K.Y.
Oh shit, look who it is.
Blasphemy.
Evil is punished.
My friend was shot and killed.
I told him that and he yelled at me.
Stock boy told me that the guy had been looking through the eggs for like half an hour, doing all sorts of endurance tests and shit.
That's why I kill Chinamen for the railroad.
Damn, that's eerie.
That lady's an asshole.
Liar! Tell me there aren't customers that annoy the piss out of you on a daily basis.
Vent your frustration.
He said he'd be here by noon, but it's one-thirty now, so I...Excuse me...Vermont?!...No, that can't be; I talked to him this morning...He left at what time?...He really went to Vermont?...When the hell was someone going to tell me?...He promised he was coming by noon!...Jesus...When does he get back?!...TUESDAY!...You've gotta be fucking kidding me!...I've got a hockey game at two, and the fucking shutters are jammed closed, and he's in Vermont?...I'm not even supposed to be here today!! (deep sigh) So I'm stuck here till closing?...This is just great...I just can't believe...I'm sorry, I didn't mean to yell at you...No...No, I'll be all right...Well, that's all I can do, right?...Thanks.
Slippery shit!
You know what pisses me off the most?
Would you shut the hell up with that shit?
You're closing the fucking store to play hockey.
But you're living in denial and suppressing rage.
Shit!
Now leave me alone.
Bitch, bitch, bitch.
Shit.
He broke his neck trying to suck his own dick.
Shut the hell up.
Because I never tried to suck my own dick?
As if a guy's a fucking pervert because he tries to go down on himself.
Fucking pervert.
(furious) I can't fucking believe you!! I'm telling you, it wasn't my fault!
You knocked the fucking casket over, for Chrissakes!
Her fucking body fell out!
(mimicking) Yeah! Open the video store!! (to O.C.) Shut the fuck up, junkie!
Yeah, you cock-smoking clerk.
I work in a shitty video store.
Annoying Customer.
Shit! (to DANTE) Don't take this the wrong way, but I used to fuck her.
It's motherfuckers like that who give recreational drug users a bag name.
Man, it's fucking slow.
Then my mother called me this morning and told me the announcement was in the paper.
Here I am, throwing myself at you, succumbing to your wily charms, and you call me a slut, in so many words.
You're such an asshole.
(taken aback) Holy shit.
(incredulous) You're lying.
And I'm caught in the middle-torn between my loyalty for the boss, and my desire to piss with the light on.
Who eats cock?
Fuck you.
You just fucked a total stranger?
Shut the fuck up!
With this guy locked in?
Fuck you.
Leave me alone.
You don't hear me bitching.
Leave me alone.
But don't pine for one and fuck the other.
Man, if you weren't such a fucking coward... ...If I wasn't such a fucking coward.
You're wrong.
She'll get over fucking the dead guy.
Shit, my mom's been fucking a dead guy for thirty years; I call him Dad.
Jesus, would you leave me alone?
Jesus H. Christ, I can't!
Point is-I'm not the kind of person that disrupts things in order to shit comfortably.
Hell yes, whatever that means.
Oh shit.
A dollar seventy-nine for wraps-what's that shit?
What the fuck did you do that for?
And then you pull that shit this morning, freaking out because I've gone down on a couple guys!
You want your slut?
The slut is yours!
Everyone said it was a stupid move, but I didn't care because I loved you and wanted to see you pull yourself out of this senseless funk you've been in since that whore dumped you, oh so many years ago.
I want you to follow through on this, just so you can find out what a fucking idiot you are.
(weakly) Randal...? And having him tell me...that was just the weakest move ever.
Veronica, I love you... Fuck you.
Why the fuck did you tell Veronica that I was going to dump her for Caitlin?
What did I do that was so wrong?
(suddenly outraged) Fuck you.
Fuck you, pal.
(whips stuff at DANTE) You sound like an asshole.
All you do is overcompensate for having what's basically a monkey's job: You push fucking buttons.
Any moron can waltz in here and do our jobs, but you're obsessed with making it seem so much more fucking important, so much more epic than it really is.
And I work in a shitty video store.
(singing) "A whimpering, simpering Child again Bewitched, bothered, and bewildered Am I..." Mom and Dad are floating down memory lane again!
He's such an angry...he's such a depressive.
The whole premise is ruined!
Christ, this show is ruining my health!
Oh, what the hell.
My stupid little roller-skating joke.
(chuckling) But I go nuts.
(sipping her coffee) No! I like to joke around and have fun, and he gets angry because I get the attention.
(inhaling) He's ruined me with his ego, his philandering, his-- (gesturing) his-his-his-his mediocrity!
It's terrible, isn't it?
(overlapping, running away from the bed) Stop accusing me! (offscreen) I'm too smart, Lee!
Leave me alone!
You have to slither around behind my back!
(touching the hat on her head) Eh, Mickey, it's getting late.
Now come on, you're be--, 'cause you're being angry at me. (angrily) I'm not angry!
You should stay with those groups that look like they're gonna stab their mother!
Oh, let's not--I, I don't know what the hell I'm talking about.
(reacting) Are you angry with me?
But why Jesus Christ?
You're being ridiculous.
(offscreen) Why are you so upset?
(taking a bunch of celery out and slamming the refrigerator door) I'm real upset about what you wrote.
I deserve this.
...Hannah read it, she got really angry, and... you know, then I felt badly, so I-- (overlapping) Oh, well, God, I can imagine what you wrote.
It all seemed so violent and un-unreal to me.
I mean, isn't it so stupid?
EDWARD (voice over) Oh, shit.
Where the fuck you wanna go ?
For five bucks.
Ridiculous.
VIVIAN (voice over) Holy shit.
And stop fidgeting.
Most of them shock the hell out of me.
That's what's wrong with him.
He's not quite the bastard everybody says he is.
Rich people throw their napkins a lot, don't they ?
He hates that he does, but he does.
He's in trouble.
Okay, stop fidgeting.
I'm very angry with my father.
I would've been angry at the ten thousands dollars.
He's my lawyer.
Asshole !
I refuse to spend the next three days fighting with you.
It was stupid and cruel.
What's wrong ?
The window washer is refusing to come down.
And right now I am really pissed, you know ?
Goddamn it !
She's a goddamn... Aah !
Damn.
Shit.
(beat) Yeah.
please don't, Tom, Tom, Tom -- What the fuck are you doing?
The fuck does it look like I'm doing?
I've got a cock in my pussy, you idiot.
You're fucking my wife, asshole.
Fucking sleep on the couch.
fucking me . . .
shit, this is not an operation for the weak, and lemme tell you something else: When all is said and done, you gotta have the juice, you understand?
Fuck that.
Fuck that little whore.
you owe me for all the shit I've done for you in your life . . . .
These god damn posters -- you're not gonna be this -- you're gonna be shit . . .
You little fucker, I'm not being mean to you, you're just too stupid to see.
Shut up, Bill.
Yeah, shut up, Bill.
What's wrong with you?
my fuckin' wife, man, she's over there . . .
You've gotta go somewhere so -- hey -- what the fuck?
It's only the photography of the movie we're talkin' about -- Are you givin' me shit, Kurt?
My fucking wife has a cock in her ass over in the driveway, alright?
Thanks for fucking up this party for me.
Oh Fuck Off.
You Fuck Off.
So what did you do wrong?
That's fucking great, man.
This is a giant cock.
You're hot.
Then why the resistance?
They're not a bunch of fucking amateurs.
They're proven box office and they get people in theaters (where films should be seen) and they know how to fuck well -- That's right, Jack and by that same token, you're the one with the power here.
Jack, I think this is about cost and future -- The future is as bright as we make it -- it shouldn't be sacrificed for a few dollars that can be saved shooting on video tape -- if it looks like shit and sounds like shit, it probably is shit -- I think you're one gin past this conversation -- No . . .
Fucking 1980 . . .
Crazy.
This is a fresh cunt, pal.
violence . . .
WHERE THE Fuck you.
Make another move, motherfucker and give me a good goddamn reason to blow you away!
Shit.
It's so fuckin' good.
Shit, why didn't you tell me -- you don't need to do that much -- You only have to do bumps with crystal.
What's wrong?
My dick is really small.
If you've got a small dick, there's really nothing I can do, Maurice.. .
I'm the one with the cock, I'm the one with the big fucking cock, so let's go -- You listen to me now, kid -- Dirk, let's be cool, let's -- I'm the biggest star here -- THAT'S Not anymore.
You're not ready to fuck, your dick's not getting hard today, kid.
My cock is READY.
Is he gonna fuck me in the ass?
Johnny: Fuck her in the ass.
Don't -- I'll tell you about a big cock -- yeah, you want my cock to be bigger, don't you?
He's so fucking talented.
He's dead.
OH SHIT.
Think you're Miss Fuckin' Movie Star with a dick in your mouth?
Huh? You're gonna tell me -- tell it to me or I'm gonna break your fuckin' jaw.
I don't know what you want me -- -- I want you to tell me that you liked getting fucked by those men in those movies.
I want you to tell me that you loved getting shit in your face -- YOU FUCKIN' SAY IT, CUNT.. .
My fuckin' car, my car . . .
Holy shit, you slammed right into this -- I don't think you should dirve this car.
Fuck you.
Shit, yeah.
We gotta get those fuckin' demo tapes, too.
I worked way too fucking hard for that car . . .
Where the fuck is Todd?
Where the fuck have you been?
What the fuck is that?
Give me my fuckin' jeans back, Todd.
The fuckin' guys are never gonna believe this -- Alright . . .
You wanna wait in the car?
five thousand bucks.
Fuckin', Reed, yeah I have his address, c'mon.
What the fuck is that?
Todd -- what the hell are you doing?
what the fuck, man, c'mon -- Shut up, Dirk.
What the fuck?
What the fuck are you doing here?
You're my bitch.
Jack -- you stick with the bass you got and it's not gonna be loud.
(beat) Coulda been me who was at Ringo's place when the shit went down . . .
(beat) Where the fuck is Ringo?
You'd better take her hat.
Mr. Hoskins' hat !
Oh, that explains everything.
I know it's late, but I want you to come down here and get my brother immediately !
Five more bucks and you'll own it.
I'm warning you, you better stop it.
They practically stole that from the second act of my play.
He escaped from the prison for criminally insane.
Dissension, jealousy.
Hate it.
Jealous.
I'm jealous.
And now she was getting the ultimate break-up revenge.
It's seventy-five people in a room that's partitioned in half.
TWO WOMEN spot her and scream.
Insisted I be married in it.
That it happened behind my back.
You said: seventy-five people in a partitioned-off room.
Damage?
What's the damage?
(sudden realization) What the fuck am I doing?
What the fuck am I doing?
He recoils.
She hits him again.
He stops in his tracks.
What the hell got into him?
After everything he'd already put me through -- he couldn't make the effort and get out of the car?
(beat) How does an unemployed girl with three roommates afford the Patchwork Denim Bowley Louis Vuitton bag?
Louise is kneeling on the floor taking books out of boxes and placing them on in piles on the floor.
Oh, shit -- that's him, right?
Miranda grabs a witch hat.
Carrie walks down the street, the Vogue under her arm, angry.
She grabs it.
Oh, shit -- I'm sorry.
(beat; then) Okay.
Emotion floods Carrie; she chokes up.
I'm hanging up.
She hangs up.
Congratulations, asshole.
I hate Yale.
Is that Bill James bullshit?
You can call it Billy Beane bullshit for all I care.
Steinbrenner is so pissed at his decline he's willing to eat up half his contract to get rid of him.
They're gonna hate me.
(motioning to BILLY) No, they're gonna hate him.
Fuck `em.
Go fuck yourself, Billy.
PETER gestures "What the fuck are you talking about?"
BILLY and PETER are throwing a ball through their office doors on either side of the hallway-- It's not a big enough sample yet.
You are outside your fucking mind.
And I hate to lose.
I hate to lose more than I need to win.
We misused him.
Shit.
It's not the phone's fault.
But we're coming into the home stretch, and I promise I'm gonna turn it -- I need you to stop getting dressed.
What the hell does that have to do with anything?
Scott figures "What the hell?" and turns to him.
He's upset.
You deserve it.
What the hell -- Sorry.
I'm gonna fire that guy, why the hell is he -- Everybody's laughing.
That was a hell of a baseball season, boss.
Deny it!
(bitterly) A journalist! Peeking through keyholes -- running after fire engines -- waking people up in the middle of the night to ask them if they think Hitler's going to start a war -- stealing pictures off old ladies of their daughters that got chased by apemen!
(gets hat) Is he as good as you say?
(trying to keep pace) And he takes his hat off when he's with a lady.
Yes! (accusing to messenger) Then who are you?
Swept me right off my feet -- and left me lying on the floor.
(he sips his coffee) I tell you, drink is the ruin of this nation.
He'd get you in a crap game -- But I don't gamble, Hilda!
This guy stole my watch.
But if they would only listen to it -- we could have a fine, decent world instead of this mass of hate that makes man do such cruel things.
That's a lie!
(begins to sob) Shame on you! (hysterically) A poor little fellow that never meant nobody no harm!
It was the devil!
And if I ever see you again, it's going to be just too bad... Eh?... Oh, you don't know what I'm angry about, do you?
Where's my hat? (subdued tones) Hello, Mr. Burns.
(stopping midway to her hat) I'll take it.
So -- now I say to you: 'Earl Williams, you are under arrest!' and you point your gun at me. (hesitantly) Well, it wasn't exactly that way -- (insistently) Point the gun at me! Then what did you do? (pathetically) Now can I go, please?
Get the riot guns!
Tell 'em to shoot to kill.
Ssh! Who locked the door?
(spluttering) Hey -- (fiercely) Shut up, you!
Before we slap you down.
(a scream) Keep away!
You drooling idiot!
(paralyzed) Don't tell me -- was she killed?
(screaming into phone) Duffy!! Shut up, will you?
I'll give you three minutes to tell me where he is.
(outraged) What?
No? Well -- (turning to Hildy) Johnson, you're under arrest.
(pointing out Burns to the officers) That man there!
This lady claims she was kidnapped.
And when I say three -- That's murder!
They smell.
(to an officer) Throw him out, Frank.
You drunken idiot!
That's a lie!!
My hat's off to you, Hildy! (grimly) Thanks.
And what a way to quit.
You're starting to annoy me.
She hit me.
Did you hit her?
"Damn it, Cohaagen, give the people the air."
If I didn't get in, I would have lost my shit.
What the fuck!
"Munich!" Dude, "Munich" fuckin' rules.
That movie was Eric Bana kicking fuckin' ass! Dude, every movie with Jews, we're the ones getting killed.
We cappin' motherfuckers.
Not only killing, but fuckin', like, takin' names.
Fuck you guys, I'm glad I'm not Jewish.
Screw it.
Am I hotter than these little bitches?
Guys in here would fuck me, right?
For your trouble!
I tried that once before at The Comedy Store and I got punched in the ear.
Thanks a lot, Oh, fuck, fuck!
Fuck.
Fuckin' hilarious!
(to the condom) Stupid fucker.
That was fuckin' brutal.
JAMES FRANCO (cont'd) What the fuck?
If this is one of those fuckin' joke shows, I'm not into it.
You're an asshole.
You're such an asshole.
Oh, shit.
Shit.
Shit, you're right.
Fuckin' A. Those are sexy.
Oh, shit.
This is a disaster.
Well...fuck!
I told my roommates that I thought I was gonna get a B.J., so...
Fuck off! Yeah, well, you still have a little dick, Cartman.
That's your asshole.
I hate Hawaii.
Oh, shit.
Do you think they're gonna be mad?
Holy shit, it's fourteen hundred bucks.
Hey! Oh, my God! Oh, shit.
She's carrying my bastard child.
How the fuck did this happen?
Well, fuck me in the beard.
Why didn't you think of that, Jay! Don't put this on me! God damn it!
Well shit.
Shit.
No part of you would think, "Maybe I'll go back to that night and put a condom on Ben's dick?"
Why don't you two get in your time machine, go back in time and fuck each other?
I'll throw you in my DeLorean and gun it to 88.
You are a funny motherfucker, man.
That's ridiculous!
I can feel it and it's distracting.
I do not want you to fuck me like a dog.
Oh, shit, the cops.
It's a big mess, but there's only like fifty bucks worth of shit here.
That would suck.
It actually kind of makes sense that he would cheat.
Oh shit!
Oh, shit, she's coming back.
I cannot stop thinking about what an asshole Pete is.
You can't pay for shit!
No. Get out of my fucking car!
Are you fucking kidding me?
I'm sorry you're freaking out, but I just walked three fucking miles through Koreatown to get here.
How did anyone ever give birth without a baby book?! That's right, the ancient Egyptians fucking engraved "What to Expect When You're Expecting" on the pyramid walls!
Who gives a flying fuck about the baby books?!
You are a crazy bitch, hormones!
Fuck them.
You are such an asshole.
Go fuck your fucking bong, you fuck!
I will fuck my bong.
Holy shit!
What the fuck was that?
I'm not going to go to the end of the fucking line.
Who the fuck are you?
You want me to hike up my fucking skirt?! What the fuck is your problem?! I'm not going anywhere!
And your stupid little fucking rope!
So...fuck you, you fucking fag with your fucking little faggy gloves.
I fucking hate this job.
I can't let you in because you're old as fuck...for this club, not, you know, for the earth.
That's crazy.
What the fuck is she doing at the club?
I can't deal with this shit, man!
Why is everybody so mad at you?
Are they mad?
How are things at Butt-Fucking-Ham Palace?
Oh, shit.
Thanks for warning me, man.
Now I'm upping it to fucking psychedelics!
Because you're such a shitty husband, she thinks I'm going to turn into a shitty husband!
Shut up, Pete.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
Are you fucking kidding me?
That's the last fucking place I want to go.
He lied.
You guys are slipping into a mad obsession.
The traffic's murder.
This is murder.
This is wrong.
This is insane.
If you're gonna have an affair with the guy, you don't need a murder to do it.
Yes, she was lying on the floor.
Hey, he said it was lying on the floor.
You're in trouble, now.
Dead ?
What, are you nuts ?
I am hitting it.
Shut up, Larry.
Larry, shut up !
LARRY (voice over from inside the car) Where the hell are we ?
He's cheating on her, too.
Just, it all fits.
You're saying, you want to provoke Mr. House into trying to murder Larry and me.
This is so insane.
PAUL (getting mad) I told you to leave me alone !
What are you so angry about ?
I think you're lying !
Poor howling idiot.
ELSA (Rita Hayworth - voice over from the film) He was mad.
What the fuck is that?
It heads off full of water towards the raging forrest fire in the distance.as
(x3) CAMERA PUSHES IN SUPER QUICK towards a MAN named CRAIG HANSEN (30s) He shoves a RIFLE under his chin and pulls the trigger, blood and brains splatter the ceiling.
DOLLY AROUND to reveal a drunk and obnoxious CRAIG HANSEN, screaming about the cards he's been dealt and taunting Delmer -- added to this, Mr. Hansen's tortured life met before with Delmer Darion just two nights previous -- Hansen SPITS and PUNCHES at Delmer Darion's FACE for dealing the cards he's been dealt.
Replay of Craig Hansen's suicide, except this time, right before he blows his head off we hear him say, through tears: ...forgive me... Back to the fight DELMER and CRAIG HANSEN are having: CAMERA DOLLIES IN QUICK TOWARDS Delmer on the ground with blood coming from his nose.
BEAT.
The following happens very quickly: ANGLE, looking up towards the sky...Sydney falls past CAMERA.... ANGLE, looking down towards the street...Sydney continues to fall... ANGLE, a random window on the sixth floor of the building SMASHES.... ANGLE, Sydney's stomach...a BULLET rips into it as he falls...blood splatters and his body flinches.... ANGLE, looking up towards the sky...Sydney's body and some shattered glass FALL directly at the CAMERA...which pulls back a little to reveal: a SAFETY NET in the foreground....Sydney's body falls LIMP into the net...FREEZE FRAME.
The OLDER MAN is backing away from the OLDER WOMAN who is coming at him with a SHOTGUN.and it was not uncommon for them to threaten each other with a shotgun or one of the many handguns kept in the house Put it down, put that fuckin' thing down Fay --I'II fucking tell YOU.
I'll shoot you in the face and end this argument and we see who's right And when the shotgun accidentaly went off, Sydney just happend to pass -- The OLDER WOMAN stumbles a bit on some furniture and the SHOTGUN goes off -- FIRES past the OLDER MAN's head -- and SMASHES the window behind him -- SYDNEY falls past and gets shot in the stomach, then falls out of FRAME -- (They're oblivious to this) You CRAZY FUCKIN' BITCH WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
FREEZE FRAME on the two of them yelling and screaming: Added to this, the two tenants turned out to be: Fay and Arthur Barringer.
Sydney Barringer jumps from the ninth floor rooftop -- His parents argue three stories below -- An o is marked to indicate their position.
A squiggly line with an arrow is drawn from Sydney to the net to indicate the path -- UNFREEZE frame and watch Sydney fall into the net CAMERA moves in on the PARENTS then over to some DETECTIVES and OFFICERS who are making sense of this, they nod to each other as if to say, "well we know what we have to do..." So Fay Barringer was charged with the murder of her son and Sydney Barringer noted as an accomplice in his own death... CAMERA moves towards the little EIGHT YEAR OLD BOY as he watches the older couple CRY and SCREAM as detectives begin to cuff them -- ...and it is in the humble opinion of this narrator that this is not just "Something That Happened."
CAMERA pushes in towards the MOTHER as she screams and screams and the officer's fight to regain control of her -- in the scuffle, the apartment door is shut directly in the face of the CAMERA.
What the hell?
Fuckin' bullshit is what this is.
Fuckin' bullshit is right, in'it?
CAMERA moves around his throat and through his body, looking at his BLOOD STREAM and watching, like a MEDICAL FILM, the cancer as it eats away at his body...as we see it at work we hear a WHISPER that is EARL'S VOICE: ...fuckin regret, move through this life.... ..and we do these things...get that back... ...forget, forget....fuck....fuck...... ...make it right....and we do these things.... CAMERA PULLS BACK from Earl's throat to his MOUTH and his EYES and he looks to Phil says; I'm onna need your help, Phil.
Kurring throws on a pair of Oakley sunglasses and gets in the car -- CAMERA holds a CU. of Jim as he drives.
BEAT.
When was the last time you talked to your son? ....I dunn...o....maybe ten...five, fuck, fuck....that's another thing that goes -- -- memory?
"yeah." the fuck do you know?
Other fuckin' assholes like me.
Do me a personal favor -- Go fuck myself?
Another morphine pill -- ...gimme that fuckin' phone... Who are you gonna call?
He's the fuckin' asshole...Phil..c'mere... Phil leans in closer to Earl.
He's hallucinating more now, falls asleep a bit, mumbling; ifyougimmethat....overonthe....fuck....
FRANK steps into a CLOSE UP and holding a mic, says: Respect the cock and tame the cunt, boys.
Shit, man.
Fuckin' hell: I'd be in the money!
I'd be makin' a fuckin' butt load if they were actually as much of a challenge as they want you to think they are!
The MIDDLE AGED GUY is lying next to her in his underwear.
He hears the door, wakes.
Jimmy knocks again....after a BEAT...the door is opened by the MIDDLE AGED GUY.
...what the fuck is this...? It's me.
She starts to move towards tears, nervousness; What the fuck do you want?
Who's fault was it, Don? Avi, please, shut the fuck up for one second.
Your sales suck, Don.
The keys to my store, the codes to my locks, the life, the blood of my bussiness and return is smashing in seven-eleven, late, late, loans -- I loaned you money for your kitchen that you never did -- I paid you back.
I am so fucked here if you do this.
It's...doesn't matter.... It's like five thousand dollars, I've seen it, I know -- You're pissing me off, Don.
This is so unbelievable -- so fucking stupid, you're gonna spend five thousand dollars on braces you don't need -- I've been a good worker -- Don't do this, Don.
And they were here and around and from late last night and through the morning, it's screaming and yelling -- And Where Are They? -- they are not to be found.she's
Not a god damn thing.
Again, they're OC througout; Why did you kill him, Marcie?
Ain't no confessor, so busta, you best just Shut The fuck up, try to listen and learn Alright, alright, cut it, coolio.
Now that shit will help you SOLVE the case.
It starts POURING RAIN real hard right INTO CAMERA....SLOW ZOOM IN....hold until it's just a Title Card reads: CAMERA (STEADICAM) follows behind Stanley and Rick as they run in from the rain, through some sliding glass doors, past a SECURITY GAURD who buzzes them into another set of doors -- They enter a hallway with a bunch of production offices, walking swiftly, shaking their wet clothes....the contestant coordinator comes walking towards them: CYNTHIA (30s) There you are, there you are.
Fucking hell.
I went to see her -- some fuckin' asshole answers the door in his underwear, he's fifty years old, there's coke and shit laid out on the table -- -- did she talk to you?
They both get touched up for the interview, Frank's talking away; I swear to fucking-god, I do one-a-my seminars, I'm Superaman!
I'm like a fucking action hero the way I feel afterwards, like I could walk out this door, down the street, pick up any fuckin' pootie I see that has even one second to stop -- Gwenovier gives a little snap and finger gesture to her CAMERAMAN to start rolling; All it takes is one second?
I'm runnin' on full throttle the whole fuckin' time.
THEN: Thirty fuckin' years I've been with Rose, don't -- y'know -- with this, and I know what you think -- All your other fluzzies?
I've fucked you behind your wife's back for three years, and you've fucked teenage girls behind mine for the same amount of time -- I'll walk away, you need something for your life, for your conscience, but don't put me in the middle -- I won't.
It's been the same fuckin' thing for thirty years, Burt -- These adults are tough enough, I think you'll be surprised -- the Mexican's a bit of a question mark -- Jimmy FALLS STRAIGHT TO THE FLOOR.
Fuck - fuck - fuck - Jimmy - Claudia finishes throwing her drugs into a dirty t-shirt and throwing that dirty t-shirt into her laundry basket.
Yeah, but I don't know -- -- listenin' to that music so loud: You Tryin' To Damage Your Ears? No. Well if you keep listenin' to the music that loud you're not only gonna damage your ears but your neighbors ears.
I got a call of a disturbance, screaming and yelling, loud music.
CAMERA pushes in on the FLOOR DIRECTOR as he counts off; And...three...two...one....
And let me say: With these three kids right here, I wouldn't be surprised if we've got a while to go, but today is a dangerous day -- CAMERA whips a ZOOMS in slow on Linda, holding her temper as the Pharamcy guy suspiciously glance at her and make a call or two to check on her perscriptions.
Where they fighting?
BEAT.
She starts to tremble and cry and build -- You motherfucker...you motherfucker....what-what-what, ma'am -- I Linda PUSHES a large DISPLAY over on it's side, SMASHES things on the counter, throws things around, basically goes nuts.
The Older Pharamacist comes rushing to the front to try and calm things -- Please, lady, why don't you just calm down -- And FUCK YOU TOO.
And where is your fucking decency?
You suck my dick, that's what's wrong and you, you fucking call me "lady."
She THROWS a crumpled STACK OF MONEY at them both, grabs the PERSCRIPTION and heads for the door -- She slams the door.
You just happen to get a blow job out of it, then hey-what-the-fuck- why-not?
I'm, I need to go, I'm gonna -- Why does this kinda shit always happen, Stanley?
What's wrong?
There are moments of strength that pop and push into him and he's very angry with Phil, continues to scream for someone named, "Lily," and generally treats Phil like an enemy.
And I'm fucked.
lemme tell you this: Samuel Johnson never had his life shit on and taken from him and his money stolen -- who took his life and his money?
Do you realize how fucking miraculous this is?
GOD DAMN I'M GOOD.
I have found a way to take subjective human experience -- in other words -- all the terrible shit or all the great shit that you've had happen to you in your life -- and quickly and easily transform it in the unconscious mind through the subtle and cunning use of language.
I REALIZED that concept and put it into practical "get my dick hard and fuck it" use.
to clarify So boring, so useless -- I would just want to clear some things up: (Muffy delivers coffee) Thank you, Muffy.
Linda seated across from a lawyer, ALAN KLIGMAN (50s) She's visibly shaking and fucked up.
When I started, when I met him, I met him and I fucked him and I married him because I wanted his money, do you understand? (beat) I'm telling you this now...this I've never told anyone...I didn't love him.
And he did have seven children and he would be talking about Pope, who he defeated at the Battle of Monasses -- CAMERA pushes in on Rick, who sits back, starting to get real pissed that Stanley isn't answering these questions.
The DIRECTOR and and ASSITANT watch the monitors; I need a better cutaway, go to the black chick, Camera Three, Camera Three the black chick -- A monitor sees the video camera zoom in on Mim as a cutaway but her face is like, "What the fuck is going on?" Jimmy is, with a lot of trouble, trying the Harmonica Fella's with the next question... ...Burt walks over quickly to the Floor Director... Get the technical difficulty card up -- ...CAMERA pushes over to Stanley, who's crying and shaking.... ...CAMERA pushes in on Jimmy, who stumbles back from his podium and falls to the ground....taking the podium with him.... ...CAMERA pushes in on Burt and the Floor Director... Cut it, go to the card, go to the fucking card -- The DIRECTOR snaps his fingers to an ASSISTANT at the board.
He stands, doesn't realize what's happend and mumbles, "what the fuck, what the..." The AUDIENCE is murmuring, standing and watching the scene.
Did you piss your fuckin' pants, Stanley?
Shut up -- shut up -- Cynthia walks over; What happend, what's going on?
He pissed his pants.
...oh Jesus, what the fuck...? I'm fine.
I lost my goddamn balance and I couldn't see a moment, but I'm ok.
I'll fuckin' kill you with my barehands.
Go. get the fuck fuck -- we're going back and we finish the show -- Jimmy you look like you're about to fuckin' die right here -- Shut it.
Shut yer fuckin' mouth.
You're two fuckin' days from the record, get through this and I'II do anything for you, you just gotta get through this -- Alright.
This is fuckin' stupidity, we'll get back on and go through it -- The Floor Director starts throwing directions in his headset and to the camera people, etc. CAMERA holds on Frank and starts a SLOW DOLLY IN.
Well...is that illegal?
-- the fuck are you talking about?
DONNIE is seriously fucked up now and the CAMERA pushes in on him.
A very LOUD GUNSHOT IS HEARD and HITS on the side wall of the apartment, right next to Jim Kurring's FACE -- ...he ducks for cover, looses balance and falls down, in the mud, sliding down the embankment next to the L.A. River --- another GUN SHOT is heard.... Kurring reaches for his REVOLVER -- CAMERA zooms in from overhead angle as Donnie continues to throw up violently.
I haven't spoken to this asshole in ten years....what did I do....? What did I do today for this?
Frank on the cel phone to Janet -- Put him on -- Janet clicks Frank over and there's a MOMENT of BLUR/NOISE (Linda and Phil, screaming and static) and then it's gone -- Linda screaming at Phil.
Where the fuck did he go?"
We fucking had this game.
I...I'm...I do things and I fuck up and I fucked up....forgive me, ok? Can you just... ....it's alright.... Tell him I'm sorry, ok, yes, you do that, now, I'm sorry, tell him, for all the things I've done...I fucked up and I'm sorry....
Then she takes some more...then she takes some more....then she swallows a whole bottle of pills...she drinks from a small bottle of Vodka....swallows every last pill..... ...it's so fuckin' hard....and so long.... life ain't short it's long....Life is long, godddmnit -- god damn....whatd I do?
BEAT.
Donnie knocks on his neighbor's door.
BEAT.
BEAT.
I'll tell you everything and you tell me everything and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people....
He laughs a bit uncomfortable...repeats her line; Wow....huh..."...piss and shit..." What?
He puts a large HAT on his head, to cover his face.
BEAT, THEN: Hi.
That you're gonna find stuff out about me and you're gonna hate me -- -- no, like what, what do you mean?
You don't how fuckin' stupid I am.
Donnie finishes taking the money from the safe.... ...Donnie walks back one of the corridors and heads through a door...(again using the key and code).... ...Donnie enters into the warehouse area and heads for the door to outside.... ...He puts the key into the lock and opens the door....but he takes a small stumble back and the key chain that's attached to his belt gets stuck, causing him to fall back, down and to the ground...with the KEY SNAPPING OFF IN THE LOCK.... ..the door is about to shut on him but he stops it with his foot....he gets up, grabs the money...leaves with the broken key still left in the lock... Donnie gets in the Buick Regal and drives away.
What the fuck am I doing?
I don't think, he can't... ...just wait...Dad...you want something...can you say... .....fuck...fuck...fuck... Earl is in PAIN and his hallucination make him a bit angry.
Fuck. Jim Kurring drives a few more feet....slows down...then starts to make a u-turn to go back to the store....
POV - Another GREEN FROG slams on the HOOD OF THE CAR.
Jimmy with the Revolver to his head...he cocks it back... CAMERA above Jimmy's house, looking straight down and MOVING towards a SKYLIGHT above the kitchen...a FROG enters FRAME, falling straight towards this skylight -- Inside the house, Jimmy about to pull the trigger...SOUND DROPS OUT.
He looks in his REARVIEW MIRROR and sees the FROGS FALLING.... ...Donnie looks past Kurring and now sees the FROGS FALLING in a 50 x 50 area in the street.... ...Donnie looks up... AND TO THE CEMENT.....he falls flat on his FACE... ...Jim Kurring turns his head and sees Donnie, fallen flat face and bloody on the pavement....he gets out of his car and runs over to Donnie, through the Frogs that rain down, and picks him/drags him out of harm and under shelter in the LOADING DOCK AREA.
...fuck you mean, it's raining frogs?
....what the fuck, what the fuck....
What the fuck is goin' on, WHAT THE CU - STANLEY.
ANGLE, at the car, Dixon leans up and out the window a bit....he's got the gun wrapped in newspaper, taking the fingerprints from the gun....he throws the POLICE ISSUED WEAPON from the speeding car... Stanley sits in the back of a squad car....an OFFICER watching him...probably supposed to be comforting him, but instead drinking coffee, chating with other OFFICERS questioning the coffee shop employees -- And it is in the humble opinion of this narrator that these strange things happen all the time.... Stanley gets out of the car and walks away, out of sight of all the officer's and people around...he just walks down the street.... Stanley enters Rick's bedroom.
And that's a very tricky thing on my part...making that call...the law is the law and heck if I'm gonna break it...but you can forgive someone....? Well, that's the tough part....What Do We Forgive?
You could be there all fuckin' night.
They had so much fuckin' money in there, you could build a house out of stacks of $100 bills.
Wrong.
Who wants to bother them?
But back then the bosses didn't give a fuck about whether he enjoyed himself of not.
(Slams down his cards and curses at his losing hands) Ma che cazzo!
Va fa 'n culo! [Italian-American slang for 'Fuck off'] (Summoning a young man.)
You know, I mean fixed fights, doped horses, crooked fuckin' zebras... locked-in point spreads.
He told fuckin' Remo everything.
Son-of-a-bitch.
How the hell did you get Oklahoma-Michigan?
Nobody ever had Oklahoma-Mi... How the hell'd you do it?
Not like your fuckin' friends out there, that... without brains.
Then where the fuck is the money?
(To NICKY) Get the fuck out of here.
I would have fuckin' made you lay ten... (To JOE) Excuse me.
Why don't you take that fuckin' pen and shove it up you ass, you fuckin' jag-off?
Well, I was just offering you the- (Turning his back to talk to the girls, referring to ACE) This fuckin' asshole.
Ken, I don't know what the hell went wrong.
We got him back ...with a whole floor of rooms for himself.
I've seen you stealing from me.
Don't give me that shit.
Don't give me that shit.
That bag's full of fuckin' chips you (Interrupts) What do you mean 'stole'?
Get lost!
Get lost?
Get lost?
Come on, damn it.
They sent me out there to make sure that nobody fucked with Ace and... ...nobody interfered with the fuckin' skim.
(Pointing to a window, above a counter with a tiny opening to talk through) Maybe if I stick your fuckin' face through this window over here like, you know, you'll - you'll get unconfused.
Give me the fuckin' money!
You thought I was fuckin' layin' it?! (Gasps) My fuckin' head.
Your fuckin' head, huh?
Turned out to be one of the other coaches was a fuckin'... Now go out there and show your dad what you can do.
Like these two fuckin' balloon-heads over here [EDDY and JERRY].
They were gonna try and bang us out of two hundred fuckin' grand?
We got a cardiac arrest here!
And don't forget to tell your friends what happens if they fuck around in here.
You're fuckin' right, you made a bad mistake.
'Cause if you come back here - we catch either one of you - we're gonna break your fuckin' heads and you won't walk out of here.
You see that fuckin' saw?
She loved that shit.
You know - juice to the fuckin' dealers.
But he was wrong.
Ace was so fuckin' worried about his casino, he forgot what we were doin' out here in the first place.
A million times I wanted to yell in his fuckin' ear: 'This is Las Vegas!
We're supposed to be out here robbin', you dumb fuckin' Heeb.' (To SHERBERT, referring to COWBOY) I don't give a shit who he's connected to.
Tell him to take his fuckin' feet off the table.
What's he think this is, a goddamn sawdust joint?
(Returning to ACE) Fuckin' asshole won't budge.
Fuck you.
(To GUARDS) I want you to exit this guy off the premises, and I want you to exit him off his feet and use his head to open the fuckin' door.
Bullshit, you're out of here, cowboy!
Fuck you!
Fuck you!
You know who you're fuckin' with?! Huh? Do you?! Now move along.
(Screaming at ACE who follows him) You fuckin' faggot!
Do you know who you're fuckin' with?
Leave me alone!
That Black Book is a bunch of bullshit.
Bullshit or no bullshit, they put you in that book, you're gonna be in a lot of trouble.
What balls on this fuckin' kid!
In other words, I'm fucked.
Fuck 'em.
Fuck 'em.
So, once they pulled that shit, I started doin' my own things in Vegas nobody ever thought of doin'.
I had a good fuckin' crew goin' for me, I'll tell you that.
But I didn't like the people I was rippin' off lookin' at me, so I used to turn their fuckin' pictures around.
This peter's a motherfucker.
Gotta learn how to open these fuckin' things so you won't have to take 'em.
Tell that fuckin' Pepe if he's switching stones on us, he'd better take a fuckin' camel - - back to (picking up phone) Nigeria.
For Nicky, Las Vegas was the fuckin' Wild West.
But what the fuck they expect from me?
You better clean your fuckin' loupe.
Jennifer didn't give a fuck.
Now, pink veal, you can pound that shit for two days and it'll never get tender, you know what I mean?
I gave you money to pay the fuckin' rent and buy groceries, put the heat on.
You know your wife called Frankie and told him the fuckin' heat's off?
And you didn't gamble that fuckin' money?
I didn't give 'em the m- Don't fuck with me, Al! Don't make a fuck out of me!
You didn't gamble?! Tell me you gambled the fuckin' money, I'll give you the fuckin' money to put the fuckin' heat on!
Did you gamble?! Huh?! Fuckin' degenerate, you.
Fuckin' kids at home! Here.
Get the fuck out of here.
Let me find out you fucked up, I'll leave you wherever I find you.
Not a big piece, but fuck them, what did they know?
I mean, the cops knew, but they didn't give a fuck.
Here's a fuckin' guy, kills two of Remo's guys and a poor fuckin' waitress, who was just workin' on her night off, of all things.
This fuckin' guy, he got some stamina, don't he?
This son-of-a-bitch was tough.
Personally, I don't give a fuck who was with him anyway.
For two days and two fuckin' nights, we beat the shit out of this guy.
I really think you're overreacting in this whole - (Interrupts) Listen, you fuckin' yokel, I've had it with you.
Listen, if you didn't know you're bein' scammed, you're too fuckin' dumb to keep this job.
I'm fuckin' sick of it.
Who's fighting?
What the fuck is that all about?
(Sighs, her voice starts to crack) He gives a fuck what I do?
And take it easy with this shit, will you?
He's weak, he's incompetent.
Old Don is as useless as tits on a boar.
He's too incompetent.
Well, I keep layin' out my own fuckin' dough for these trips and nothin' ever comes back.
I mean, what hell's goin' on?
What the fuck?
Because you're wrong.
Shit.
Fuck the FBI!
Where's your fuckin' balls?
And if you wanna be there with me, Sammy, you're gonna have to go my fuckin' way.
Yeah, forget about your fuckin' license.
I plant my own flag out here, you ain't gonna need a fuckin' license.
Well, back home they don't know about fuckin' control.
What the fuck happened to you?
A fuckin' pink robe and a fuckin'...
She was upset about a lot of things, especially that whole fuckin' Diamond - that Lester Diamond incident.
Listen, I would - (Interrupting) The point is that she's upset.
She's - and you got a fuckin' problem.
Your fuckin' head is getting' bigger than your casino.
A record of the arrests...
(Looking at the airplane) What the fuck is this?
Where's this fuckin' guy gonna land, on the fairway?
(To MARINO) They're fuckin' agents, Frankie.
They're not gonna make a fool out of me.
They could all be in on it together, those miserable fucks.
Right now, the way I feel, I'll hit the two of them in the head with a fuckin' shovel.
He's lying.
You know damn well I was at that dinner, and you swore to me that I would have a fair hearing at that dinner!
Yeah, thanks for not callin' me a liar.
You son-of-a-bitch.
You promised me a fair hearing when you were gettin' comped at my hotel and you were asking me for copies of your bills so - - you could put 'em on your expense account?
(from previous scene continued) Fuckin' hypocrites!
What the hell's he gonna do now?
Say he's the janitor, I don't give a shit.
(From next scene) What the hell is he doin' on television, anyway?
He's out of his fuckin' mind.
These guys back home don't give a fuck about the Supreme Court and any of this bullshit!
Where the fuck you get off talkin' to people about me behind my back?
You said I'm bringin' heat on you?! I gotta listen to people because of your fuckin' shit?! You're ordering me out?!
You better get your own fuckin' army, pal!
You want me to get out of my own fuckin' town?! Yeah, I said I - let the bullshit blow over for a while so I can run the casino.
And what the fuck are you doin' on TV anyhow?! What are you - (Interrupting) You know I get calls from back home every fuckin' day?!
Your fuckin' ass!
You're makin' a big fuckin' spectacle of yourself.
You brought down so much fuckin' heat on me.
Now you want to blame your fuckin' license on me, is that it?
Back - Back up, back up a fuckin' minute here.
I asked you?! When the fuck did I ever ask you if I could come out here?! Get this through your head, you - (Interrupting) You never - ?
Get this through your head, you Jew motherfucker, you.
Without me, you, personally, every fuckin' wiseguy skell [Skell: the lowest form of wiseguy - a drunken bum] around'll take a piece of your fuckin' Jew ass! Then where you gonna go?! You're fuckin' warned!
Don't ever go over my fuckin' head again!
You motherfucker, you!
Dumb Jew motherfucker.
Fuck him.
Don't let it bother you.
Why, does it look like it's bothering me?
What do I give a fuck?
Fuckin' Oscar too.
All the fuckin' money I've given that prick, he don't even look over here.
Fuckin' Jews stick together, don't they?
He took the money out of his own kick.
Now, he's really pissed.
Put her on the fuckin' phone.
How much do you think he's gonna pay to get this fuckin' kid back?
(To AMY) Shut your mouth!
Don't give me any of your shit! (To GINGER.)
This is the fuckin' problem, you know.
(Hysterical) Oh, what bullshit?
What, do you want to fuckin' talk it over now?
I-I know I fucked up.
I know that... fuckin' piece of shit had a good fuckin' time.
You're upset.
Good fuckin' actress.
You can fuckin' get that pity out of people.
That fuckin' pimp cocksucker.
And if you would've stayed with Amy... and you would've ran away... you would've been fuckin' dead.
What is the big fuckin' deal?
Why should I fucking take it?
What the fuck do you think I came back here for?
He really thinks who the fuck he is, I'll tell you that.
He hates me.
He hates my fuckin' guts.
Remo... things are very fucked up down there, you know?
Go fuck yourself.
Stay in the fuckin' car!
He never knew when to keep his fuckin' mouth shut.
He has a gun! Drop your gun or I'll -! Hey, fuck you!
What gun? He's got a fuckin' hero sandwich here.
It - It looked like a fuckin' gun!
You - You fuckin' moron, I'll be filling out paper work for the next two months because of you and this piece of shit, you... Oh my God, what are we gonna do?
...fuckin' jerk-off.
I don't know where the hell she is.
(Into telephone) She's there with you? (Getting angry.)
I want to talk to that Irish bitch.
Nicky, I want to talk to that fuckin' bitch.
(Menacing) Hey, be fuckin' nice.
(Quietly) I mean, you tie up our kid and you lock the fuckin' door?
Are you out of your fuckin' mind?
You fuckin' do that again, (pointing his finger at her) I'll f-, I'll f- She wasn't gonna get up.
Listen, you fuckin' cunt.
Fuck you.
You ever fuckin' touch her again, you ever do anything like that again, I'll fuckin' kill you.
Pure and fuckin' simple, I'll fuckin' kill you, you bitch.
You fuckin' whore!
And let you disgrace me, you fuckin' pig?
I'll fuckin' kill you in this place!
So who fuckin' blew you in the parking lot before you came in... huh? (Disgusted) You make me sick, you fuck.
Oh, fuck you!
Fuck you, Sam Rothstein!
Fuck you! (Into telephone) Yeah, Billy Sherbert, please.
I have my own fuckin' money!
You fucked with me for the last time!
I fucked up, Frankie.
I fucked up good this time.
Should have never started with this fuckin' broad.
I'm in a bad fuckin' spot here.
Bad fuckin' spot.
(Screaming) You get down here!
(To SHERBERT as he walks around the bar with the gun) Just wait there for me! (From driveway) Get down here and talk to me, goddamn it!
You motherfucker!
You come down here right now! Come down here and talk to me, goddamn it!
Fuck you!
Goddamn you, come out here!
I'm gonna drive this fucking car through the living-room!
(Getting out of the car to confront ACE) You fucking coward!
You motherfucker!
You fuck!
I am fuckin' Nicky Santoro!
Fuck off! Hey! Hey! (To neighbors) Go back inside!
(Kicking, pulling up plants and throwing them at ACE) Let me in the house!
(Into telephone) She's a fuckin' junkie.
She's out of her fucking mind.
Shit! Oh, goddamn it!
(Sobbing.)
I mean, look what the hell she's doing.
After all the threats and all the bullshit, it turned out Ginger didn't tell 'em anything.
(Getting up from the couch) Mom! (Into telephone) Yeah, well, someone's at the fuckin' door now.
Now, for the best... ...and I couldn't believe this shit.