He shakes a sleeping ASSISTANT awake.
I'll - She STOPS.
McClane ha Baker gun (X) hand and SLAMS it down on the fence n -again -blood wells - the gun DROPS ker OW", taking McClane away (X) from the weapon -They trade bru unches - Through the rear window here we SEE the fence GIVE, and bend (X) halfway to their feet, the snow bloody between them s3ke (X) KARATE KICKS McClane back into a tree, dazing him---Baker jumps (X) their truck far down the street, they move forward silently and expertly, shadows starting to surround the church.
But that two foot scar running This is just a job offer.
Hear that?
WALTER suddenly stands.
Jody is very scared.
He moans.
The beasts are terrified, stampeding.
They are at the threshold.
OMIT 76 Twitches in horror.
indicates a spot just above Pey is suddenly blown back by a gust of wind.
Dark storm clouds billow over the city.
horror-hand andtuck eitlshamefully But she is too far away to hear.
despair.
the lighter and it ey to his on'seskel He shakes as it floods him.
darkness.
down stroke it.
n the dark.
Be struggles.
The car ROARS rises suddenly into frame, over the edge of Peres a roof.
panics, backs into a rack of clothing, knocking it over. .
He begins to eat when he hears a noise.
Suddenly a camera takes Donkey and Shrek's picture.
Suddenly Fiona falls from the railing.
She looks like an ogre and Donkey starts freaking out.
Suddenly the dragon arrives overhead and flies low enough so they can climb on.
Suddenly the dragon lands with a boom.
Suddenly the magic of the spell pulls Fiona away.
Sidney notices the Young Man is staring at him with a scared expression.
He stares at her. Suddenly he notices the White Russian beside them.
Suddenly... Beat.
She stops herself.
Sidney avoids her eye.
Beat.
Suddenly she darts from the room.
It stings.
walks into the throne-room Edmund approaches again.
The wolf attacks him.
Crash!
615h Mohawk moves toward the women with a spider's predatory nimbleness, quickly closing the distance.
Suddenly, the sound of a LOCK TURNING.
He whirls on her.
Tommy walks in, half asleep, in his pajamas.
Tommy suddenly realizes he isn't alone.
It is very dark but for 131	He dodges around the lead Zombie, who staggers on with inertia.
He fires again.
139	He is about to shoot once more when Roger stops him, stepping up 140	The Zombie falls and papers blow over its body.
It is quite dark but for 178	Suddenly, a figure drops out of one of the skylights, landing on 180	Now Fran lowers herself into the room and is able to climb down 182	The door opens onto another vast room, equivalent to the one the 184	At the door, the two Troopers go through the same S.W.A.T. 185	As the men enter, they discover that they are on the top landing 186	A great barricade of food cartons has been stacked against the 187	Near the pyramid under the open skylight, the group of refugees 188	Roger checks his weaponry and quickly moves toward the door 189	Fran:	THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT WE'RE TRYING TO GET AWAY it all) WE'LL CATCH UP TO YOU SOME OTHER TIME.
It is 201	The two realise what dangers might face them in the mall proper.
232	The fallen Zombies, which up to now could not be seen behind the	escalator rail wall, suddenly come tumbling out onto the balcony 237	Peter turns the key in the lock, but again the gate will not 240	Roger fires again.
It 283	The pounding increases Stephen's panic.
Peter slams the barrow 316	Steve is on the verge of panic.
COME ON! 320	With a sudden move, Steve breaks into a run.
353	Before the woman can bring another carton over, she sees the 354	Fran panics and runs back towards the escape pyramid, where she 355	The creature is straining against the weight of the carton.
(to a terrified Daryl) Tellin' Baker I'm fuckin' cheatin'?
(after a beat) (to the girl) (staring at Derek) (then) (after a long beat) (afraid) (terrified) Vinyard?
Suddenly he is attacked by an Irishman but Marke jumps in to save him, losing his hand in the process] [Dunluce Castle.
Suddenly two of the British jump up and shoot at the Irish.
Suddenly they attack and more British spring from the ground.
Isolde is suddenly woken from sleep and makes her way to the beach with Bragnae] Whats that?
[They drag Tristan to a hut on the beachfront] [Isolde checks his condition while Bragnae tries to light the fire] [Isolde starts to undress] [Isolde curls up against Tristan while Bragnae starts to undress] Ive not been naked with a man for [Tristan fades out of consciousness] [Tristan wakes and grabs a stone to use as a weapon when he hears a noise] [Isolde runs in] [Bragnae leaves] [Tristan lies down] This might sting.
Suddenly the Irish and the British start to fight.
Sorry, I can't drive you to door.
We can kill her if we have to.
That is the problem.
(explaining her visit) Marian's daughter lives across the street and she was a little worried about her.
Mother, I ... (waving her daughter off) My daughter lives right across the street from the Satan's Disciples' clubhouse, and I was so worried about her ... so, I went over and introduced myself.
She watches.
That wakes him up.
As Jack poises the pen -- Rickey suddenly aghast.
Stop!
Anxious moments now as they've cut the Dodger lead to 2. Nippy Jones up.
I'll strangle it.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Withnail's room [Withnail is asleep in bed with the shotgun.
Withnail: Calcualted risk.
This is the edge of the land ruled by the Dark Spirit.
A cemetery.
The cemetery.
Who rules?!
little nervous about you guys meetingand Ramon sit in the audience listening to Norma.
She freezes up and starts freaking out.
I saw the blood.
Covered with scars.
I think it's badly scarred too.
( ABC, 11/23/79) Week ten of a hostage I'm so afraid that I won't crisis that seems without see him again.
Mom's asleep.
You do homework tonight?
What do I hear?
A beat.
You're worried about the Ayatollah?
She hides her fear Reza indicates an exit to the street.
They can fly...
Stop.
I'll never saw through the bones with this knife.
The power of Shadow Sorry.
You're the orphan.
The danger.
You're a maniac!
Stopping?
Her dark side!
How do I fight it?
Power of Shadow, kill her!!
The Power Source! (terrified) Thank you.
Dread (X) whips a gun up, points it at Fergie.
Stop it - OW! Are you out (X) of your - OW ! ( X ) Dredd, you're scaring him!
Was he nervous?
Depressed?
So who changes?
Suddenly you're into pure research and you... you're what, a parasitologist?
But he's dead now.
If it takes a little blood for itself, so what?
You hear me?
Can I see those bumps on your tummy, can Go away.
What's one more scar to an old lady, eh? You'll be OK.
Where is this thing that attacked your wife?
Stop.
Why don't you do something about all that noise?
* Watch her.
I'm scared.
I feared you might have misplaced feelings of guilt.
I have sinned.
I have prayed for days, Lieutenant.
With a stress of the mind and of the soul.
I've been bad.
(nodding sarcastically) And if I don't call, you'll kill me... (handing him the card) No.
GUNS?
Are you crazy?
Then shoot him.
SHOOT HIM.
(in the dark) I remember when I was growing up, we were so poor, that my brothers and sisters and I all slept on the same blanket stretched out across the floor.
Where's my case?
Where's my case?
Stop here.
It's still here.
TIME TRAVELLER (quite serious) That's a calculated risk I'm prepared to take.
Suddenly, in nineteen forty I began to be buffeted from side to side.
At first I wondered if my Machine and I were the cause of the panic.
And your clothes... I'm afraid it's going to take me a little time to explain...
Then I saw my own danger.
I too was to be engulfed!
All that is left is fear...a blind animal fear.
Another night was coming, but this night no Eloi needed to fear.
(incredulous) A man-eater attacks and you're such a buffoon you almost forget to mention it?
There is no reason for fear.
But I repeat- there is no reason for fear.
(looks at them) I like the blood, is that strange?
The Ghost and The Darkness have come.
(Now he suddenly reaches out, shakes Abdullah's hand) Your name is Abdullah?
(suddenly taking Patterson's hand) I'm Redbeard.
(As they move outside-) Starting now, we attack them.
(embarrassed) Afraid of lions.
Where the hell are we?
For God sakes Stepek, shut up! Oh my God, there's ... there's ... ahh ... keep away ... keep away ... (struggles) ... hey no ... hey somebody ... (screams) Stepek, you stupid sonovabitch, will you lay off the booze, you've got the D.T.'s ... Holden, for God's sake get up here on the double.
Hell!
Hmmm ... big!
Guards!
She's dead.
Homicide.
This case.
Incurable.
The Demons.
It's haunted now.
But it's bad?
It's bad.
A fight.
Freak, schmeek.
When I don't practice, my timing gets off, my thumbs get stiff and sore.
This scar.
Well, aren't you going to shake your whanger at me? (laughter dies a nervous chipmunk death) Follow me.
They were afraid of bad weather and humans.
It's taught them there is nothing to fear but fear itself.
Fear in wild animals is completely different from paranoia in people.
If the cranes hadn't had a capacity for fear, they would have disappeared long ago and you'd be having to get loaded with common old everyday meadowlarks and mallards.
But in the meantime, I want to say this about fear..... Judge Greenfield, at the request of the ACLU, has granted a forty-eight- hour extension of the deadline by which the Rubber Rose cowgirls must comply with his order.
But that's your problem.
Right in the scar where I fell on a wooden horse when I was twelve.
(Go easy there's a ghost down there.)
Terrible.
Just a concern.
There is something to be said for silence Oh indeed.
After a while he became frightened and he stopped listening.
Look you are being attacked!
She is asleep, look.
Ohhh, it's so dark, it's like a dank cave.
I am quite frightened of the way back, we must leave in good light.
(frightened) Ohhhhhh! (slow, relaxed) A pid-geon Auntie.
you are even scared of me Look at you! (softly) Has Ada ever spoken to you?
I am frightened of my will, of what it might do it is so strange and strong".
I worry for you.
I miss you.
(panicking) She doesn't want IT!
I practice only when I am alone and it is dark.
DARKNESS.
WOODLY is alone, asleep on the couch.
Sudden silence.
The sounds of a Nazi rally come up slowly: "Sieg Heil! Sieg Heil! Sieg Heil!" Spotlight comes up on MAJOR SIEGFRIED VON KONIGSWALD, and officer in the dreaded SS.
DARKNESS.
DARKNESS.
She hopes that if she can keep calm and open, her fears will diminish.
PAUL goes reeling to the door in terror, admits LOOSELEAF, who has also been sleeping in his clothes.
(regarding LOOSELEAF, resigning himself to being stuck with his company for a little while longer) (honestly mystified) (chokingly) (suddenly, angrily, slamming a table with his fist) (catching sight of PAUL, whose physical appearance really offends him) (explosively) PAUL goes reeling in terror to the front door, opens it.
(not sensing the drift of the conversation) (still at sea) (suddenly catching on, sick with fear) (promptly and emotionlessly) Blackout.
Darkness.
HAROLD is about to dismiss this request majestically, but PENELOPE cuts him off with a sharp, dangerous warning.
The wrong person behind the wheel of a car can be dangerous.
Weire not the ones to be afraid of.
Scream for me.
Kill her.
I knew there was a danger, I should have never left the school.
And what do you do when you wake up to that?
You die.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop!
Danger she'll never walk again if she move.
Ambulance !
Police ?
She think she see... ...a real murder and panic.
Stop !
Stop.
Stop! I'm... What ?
She said the pain and the terror was real.
The sheer panic and horror when they realize they're about to die.
No need to worry.
Police ?
They'll kill you !
Why is he arresting me ?
Kill him.
I'm warning you.
A cop ?
A cop ?
Oh, my God, I'm sorry.
I'm up to here with caution!
(frightened) What?
22. Punch it.
(emotional) knew Storm from when I was City Attorney ... and he was a young homicide detective - (choking back tears) We worked on... cases ... together ... (can't go on) I'm sorry ... sorry -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
I mean, what am I gonna do with this guy -- (pacing, anxious) I want to help him... my God, he needs it ... but it's all over the T.V., he's some kind of crooked cop with drugs and murder and -- It's okay -- I'm here, I'm with you.
(deadpan) Danger is my middle name.
I don't care how many needles you stick in yourself or how much ginseng root you eat ... you have to sleep if you're going to recover.
Quit it, will you ... you're making me more nervous than I am already.
I think I'm more nervous than you are, kid.
I'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to.
But I'm afraid we don't get a chance to see each other very much these days.
No, thank you... and I'm afraid now I really must be going.
I see he's still asleep.
I understand that beyond it being a matter of principle, many of you are troubled by the concern and anxiety this story of an epidemic might cause your relatives and friends on Earth.
I'm afraid the AO-unit has failed.
And I think we've all had quite enough of this horror-movie talk.
PETE (nervous) Maybe it wasn't such a good idea telling that Smokey Bear from the Detective Division to fuck off, Joe.
Thanks for coming with me, Marty- I was scared to go past her house by myself.
MARTY (matter-of-fact) Yeah... it is a little scary.
I've been hearing noises in there.
Rats...
If there are times when we feel alone and afraid, only small creatures in the dark, then these are the times when we must turn to one another for our comfort and our hope.
The Bible tells us not to fear the terror that creepeth by night or that which flieth by noonday, and yet we do... we do.
We must not allow ourselves to be alone, for there is the wide gate to the hell of terror.
Tammy said she'd been hearing noises in that greenhouse.
Don't let this guy scare you!
MARTY (terrified) Who's there?
Kill you!
Go away.
Police!
This about the hearing?
What the fuck does a bunch of civilians know about comin' up some shithouse stairway day after day, scared outta your shorts.
He kills an unarmed kid, and now he's risking your ass to save his own.
He laid a gun on that kid.
He neglected to mention this place is called "Camp Blood" downtown.
You're crazy!
What the hell?
He says that whenever I'm scared, I can sleep in his bunk with him.
It's getting a little gloomy in here.
I'm a little scared of storms.
The rain turns to blood and the blood washes down in little rivers.
Aw.
There, there now... He's dead... She's dead... all dead... Please save me... oh... poor Bill... Oh my God, oh my God... oh God...
They'll kill you!
An accident?
Kill her, mommy!
Kill her!
Kill her, mommy.
Kill her, mommy!
That's seven hours and most of it is in the dark.
Been on many planes that blew up, have you?
You scare the hell out of me.
I miss you.
I gotta go.
They died!
She's concerned about you.
Just looking out my own front yard... makes me feel mothing but fear.
You're the next one... (nervous) Hey, man, why'd you say that?! 'Cause if you say another word, I'm gonna fuckn' kill ya!
Your fingerprints on the knives...
Stop it!
It's alright to be scared, Carter.
You'll both die!
These are scary subjects for people to own up to.
The only vampires I'm worried about are the ones passing the bar exam.
Damnit, he's working for them!
They still have it.
So who do you have to hunt?
(as she fans out her top) Sorry if I have the worst B.O., I've been sweating in this little room with T.V. lights for hours... Oh no... (with a big smile) ...Well, I have the worst headache, I have to go find some aspirin.
Why do you have to defend her?
I miss you.
Hospital?
And the funeral's taking place tomorrow afternoon... (A strange look suddenly comes into SALVATORE'S eyes.
He grabs SALVATORE by the shoulders and shakes him.)
(DI FRANCESCO gives his head a little shake.
Holy blood of Judas!
He's too worried, too upset.
The lieutenant is scared to death and says: 'Miss, if your heart is as hard as what I have just touched, I'm done for!
But this time it is less dark, things can be seen.)
She helps Emma lie back -- -- but as the old woman's eyes move to the ceiling, they suddenly grow wide, her mouth opening in fear -- -- Karen follows her gaze, looking up -- -- and she SCREAMS, falling off the mattress, backing away -- A MURKY BLACKNESS is lowering from the ceiling.
Drifting down until the shadowy "head" is only inches from Emma's terrified face.
Matthew kneels down next to a pair of MOVING BOXES in the corner -- `KITCHEN' written on the side.
Matthew suddenly realizes: Where's Mom?
Susan comes up the stairs, worried.
Matthew and Jennifer enter, worried.
Only Emma has the unmistakable look of dread on her face.
Reaches deeper -- -- suddenly there's a BURST OF SOUND: a dull THUMPING, something THRASHING in water, the SCREAMING of a YOUNG BOY, voice MUFFLED by water -- -- Suzuki recoils as water SPLASHES UP around him -- -- he falls away from the tub in horror, landing on his butt.
As Suzuki backs away from it, eyes widening in horror, he's startled by -- MATTHEW, standing in the doorway.
SUSAN (INTO PHONE) (cont'd) a bit weird, and -- I'm just a little worried.
Concerned.
Susan gets scared and opens the door to the emergency stairwell beside her.
A wind suddenly blows through the center of the stairwell with an eerie ROAR.
Exhausted, dark circles under his eyes, he's staring down at -- THE FILE on his desk.
As if he's afraid to even open it.
When Maria's voice comes back through the intercom, she sounds different, shaken: Leave me alone.
A beat.
He killed himself.
She stares at the boxes, afraid to open them.
- is cowering behind a mobile tray of surgical instruments, - are flattened against the far wall, terror on their faces.
- as, again, the noise comes.
I'd be frozen between pity and fear.
It's dangerous out there!
- except they're not there.
Evil.
Did I scare ya with that one?
About 5 months back he fell asleep at the wheel and uhhh... hit a tree.
Is there a problem?
It's changed now.
They're broken.
You have to watch out for them.
You can't talk to a soldier no more than you can talk to a...a...bomb!
The wars.
You don't get much warning.
We have flares too.
You hear that?
That's what scares people.
Are you afraid of him, Mace?
He told me he's afraid.
My God! (suddenly energized) You can't fight seventeen yourself!
It's dark now, sir.
You're afraid of the dark, Sergeant Caine?
(scared) Uh, yes, ma'am.
The soldiers are gone for now.
We can't defend ourselves with no weapons and -- (fighting his own panic) Hold on, hold on there, Captain!
Did it stop?
An accident?
It's the - (nervous laugh) - it's the way of the world, no?
And you've failed.
Threatening behaviour.
Police.
I killed him.
An accident.
Chris so . . . in your opinion Shona's Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, a condition she suffered following action. . .
I should be scared.
Then you'd be scared, trust.
Kill for him!
Can you hear me?
You'll never pass that exam on an empty stomach, Kara.
Stop it!
See you tonight, Kara! Thorn ... Penetrating abdominal trauma.
There's been -- been an accident.
(defensively) Who are you?
And I fear that somehow it has been unleashed again.
Stabbed.
Little freak.
You crazy little freak!!! What should I do?
You don't tell me she was -- I estimate she gave birth no more than a few hours before the attack.
'When applied directly to another person, Thorn could be used to call upon them confusion and destruction -- to literally visit them with the Devil.' (terrified) Where are you going?
(continuing) Oh, I'm scared.
I'm really scared.
Then they can watch.
We were worried about you guys so we left early to see if you were -- Is Tim there?
She killed him.
Vinh shivers violently.
Della needs to get out of there and fast.
Oh shit, they're approaching fast.
It's dark, so dark.
They roll until she suddenly pulls away, sits up.
Blood seeps below him from the exit wound, spreading out in a dark puddle.
Government.
(concerned) Government?
I'm afraid we had a bit of a falling out.
Crazy.
I'll worry about that when the time comes.
Do you still have it?
I'm afraid it will be your last opportunity.
We always hate in others that which we most fear in ourselves.
Dangerous work, Belloq.
(panicked) What do you mean? (screaming) Where are you?! Indy!
The snakes... are they here?
We killed him.
Stop them!
Kill them!
Slow it down!
The House of Erebus you encountered before were nothing but feudal lords.
I'm worried about him.
He escaped.
You kill him!
(approaching, hostile) Oh yeah?
It contains my human heart -- (touching a pale scar on his chest) Something I relinquished a long time ago.
He was one of the guard's Nomak attacked.
Yeah, but you fangs can see in the dark.
Verlaine's body is back there somewhere with the UV bomb.
Where the hell have you been?
(defensive) Look, the fact that Nomak was artificially created didn't make the threat any less urgent.
Been dead before.
Made me give you the eye And then panic, Janet I've got one thing to say, and that's Dammit, Janet.
It's true there were dark storm clouds, heavy, black and pendulous, toward which they were driving.
What was that bang?
(sotto voce) Oh Brad, I'm frightened.
Well I was walking down the street Just having a think When a snake of a guy Gave me an evil wink.
Well it shook me up It took me by surprise He had a pick-up truck And the devil's eyes He stared at me And I felt a change Time meant nothing Never would again.
Brad - I'm cold, I'm wet, and plain scared.
And left from my dreaming Was a feeling Of un-nameable dread.
Try to build up his shoulders, His chest, arms and legs.
You are - so quake with fear, you tiny fools.
I'm a bee with a deadly sting.
Gonna shake it till the life has gone.
I'm a wild and an untamed thing I'm a bee with a deadly sting.
You are now my prisoner.
How much sleep do you need?
To calm your anxiety.
To calm my anxiety.
(beat) Who was she?
Dead?
When I saw you were gone I got scared.
The same vulnerabilities?
Stop.
Killed herself.
I'm the one at risk here.
She's dead.
I'm disgusting.
Then you'll die.
What will I do, if you die?
She will die.
I though I was home.
I left them in the dark.
You nervous?
He's had ample warning about that dog.
Your momma's worried sick over you.
Then one night a few months later, Ellie freaks out, and she hacks up her grandparents with an axe! (beat) Police found her licking their brains off the blade...
(terrified) Drew, call him off!
(scared shitless) Gus? H-how'd you get in?
God damnit, Gus!
You think he's trying to scare us?
I said... GO HOME!! Come on, Gus, I was just fucking with him... (nervous laughter) What're you gonna do?
Oh man... (mocking) This is the Police, come out of the house with your hands up! (horrified) No, Zowie!
(shaking his head) No... Don't you love me anymore, Chase?
Isn't paleontology itself in danger of extinction?
That's a very nice offer, Mr. Kirby, but I'm afraid I'm much to busy.
We gotta go, now!
It's dead.
What the hell.
And I was trying to put the boat in and the trailer sank?
And the truck driver threatened to knock your Dad's lights out?
Why did it crash?
(pre-empting objections) They look worried.
...Hell.
Sorry I didn't show last night.
But you don't have to worry about a thing for a while.
First you call me at five in the A.M. saying all kinds of nice things over the telephone and then you come charging in here scaring me half to death without even telling me what it is I'm supposed to be scared of.
No. You're just saying that because you're scared... ...You left your weapon behind.
He'll kill you too.
Because you're scared.
Above, power lines blow in the wind and rain and make a clacking sound.
The rain has become a light mist.
He stops.
The kid, frightened, now makes to run off but bangs into a passerby.
But it is in Edgar's blood.
They strategically pointed at Edgar's chest and sides.
By now frightening music has hummed into existence.
A tube comes from his arm for taking blood samples.
Rain on the streets.
I'm the bait.
Please, I'm sick.
Slowly we approach a doorway and creep into...
Watching.
Silus is confronted with the old scars from Edgar's attack.
I was in an accident once too.
DAVID(low voice) He's asleep.
Most people get scared when they see the shadow of their limits.
They stop out of fear.
It's fear.
(beat) He was scared.
The soldier villain who fights the hero with his hands, and then there's the real threat.
Sorry, I can't sell the ammo with the guns.
Back to work, Bunky.
Are you injured?
But...he was bleeding.
Sweat, bad breath, everything.
That Terminator is out there.
It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with...it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear... and it absolutely will not stop.
(recorded) I'm afraid that's not up to me.
Pain.
Are you crazy?
He dies.
Let...go...bastard... (continuing, scared, but angry) Oh, that's real smart.
Can't you see I'm scared?
More than death.
(filtered) But honey, I need to know where I can reach you or I'll be worried sick.
(panting) What are you doing?
It's called a panic room.
And a bank of video monitors -- -- covering almost every corner of the house.
This is insane.
What if she has a gun?
Kidnapping.
We're trying to scare them, not kill them!
Stop it.
Can you hear me?
The hell we are.
Are you insane?
You're not gonna have an attack.
Stop it!
It's burning my eye.
I have the gun.
An injection?
Coma.
Die.
Police.
But it's terrible!
That scared him and he came back to me in full remorse.
She was scared.
So? How did he react?
I fear I must.
She was shocked.
I have... the grandmother... woman with house... not... the house then ... money I don't understand you, I'm afraid.
Don't you realize we're worried?
Your worries are no use to me.
I just don't have the time to deal with your worries, that's all.
(still rushed) ... yes... to ... fro ... you... very serious... like that... (she imitates a serious countenance, continues in a low voice): like that... serious... (unable to keep from laughing a little) Yes.
(smiling) yes... up... tight... ... it was n...nice... (loud) Help... Help... Help... Help... Help... (trying to calm her like a sick child) What is it?.. Are you in pain?... What's the matter?... Is your pad full?
So what's hurting you?
Cancer?
Still does.
We're stopping.
I'm scared.
What the hell is this?
He's a dangerous man.
I should be dead...
Your face, your body, your voice... (off his shrug) We have people who can do it.
KATE (cont'd) But you won't be the same... KATE (cont'd) The scar will help hide the change.
It was raining, and there was this flood and everybody was jittery.
...And it's raining and hailing and lightning's striking and you guys think that I'm dead, but I'm not.
What about the government?
It's a coffin.
I'm scared.
He's crazy.
(Groggy) Who is... Marcy Dawson from Lancet-Percy I'm so anxious to meet you.
I'll kill you.
Stop?
How can I stop?
It's killing you.
(Clarity) You were afraid of it.
You're a coward.
It's killing you.
It will kill you!
I can crack it.
They sit there silent, flashing police lights flood the car as a siren blares.
We follow Rebecca, Marc, Nicki, and Sam as they meet up in the dark as they approach the house.
Oh my god, what's going on!
Laurie, who looks terrified, tries to remain calm and centered.
Police go into her room to search.
We see police cars approach a small house in the desert.
I didn't want to go to school, I had a lot of self- loathing and anxiety issues, I felt that I was ugly... You're not ugly.
Marc walks in with dark sunglasses, wearing a suit, surrounded by camera men.
Kill.
I'm afraid to tell you.
JESSICA (somewhat frightened) I didn't say that I would run...
It's not worth the risk.
You're afraid you'll miss a really good Run.
(beat) Can you do it?
But he has heard about Sanctuary -- and that makes him dangerous to all of us.
Insane.
Have him give you dark hair.
With this one there's no waiting for scar burnishing.
Are you too startled?
Hiding?
Is that the wind?
Come on... JESSICA (frightened) What's that?
JESSICA (starting to panic) I hate outside!
A claw.
Master, don't you think -- Silence! Are you afraid of dragons?
Can you hear me?
I hear you.
(he shakes the body) Excede, mortem!
Father: the danger is over.
A knife in the belly?
What failure?
Dead.
(this stops her) What?
If it's me you're worried about, don't.
Tyrian -- both of you -- run! Flee!
Stop!
(passionately) Marcia, why are you doing this to me? Don't you know I'm scared enough?
(beat) I'm doing this because I have to.
He said as long as there's no infection, you're not in any danger, and as soon as the road to the hospital is open, they'll send an ambulance for you.
But I'm afraid you'll have to wait until tomorrow if you want to speak to her yourself.
(weakly) Here.
Beat.)
A little too well, if anything, a little too well, that's my only fear, compadre.
I'm afraid I had a slight accident.
Wake up.
Wake up.
Cut it out.
There he has a stroke.
Stop him!
Stop him!
(to Bo) She's going to paralyze you!
An ambush!
On guard!
Why are you still here?
But once I realized I could surpass you, I became so frightened!
If not, I'm afraid she'll become a poisoned dragon.
We heard noises.
On guard!
She's crazy.
You should have killed her.
And so you die.
A poisoned needle!
That's poison!
My blood will soon reverse its flow.
You are prisoners.
If you had known anything -- anything at all about the true nature of the universe, you would have hidden from it, in terror!
Devil!
I know your fears.
Watch!
But that's treason!
What in hell?
It's the risk I ask, Barin hide him for me in Arboria.
What the hell?
When I had that damn snake in my hand, I could've poked it in your face and KILLED you.
What if he fails?
I feel danger -- but I cannot see it.
Your Majesty, we're under attack by Hawkmen!
So what are you doing down here, coward?
Surrender.
Fear ... Air ... They haven't got enough air inside ... (off) Make up your mind, Ali? Do you want us to wall you in, or do you prefer that we blow you to pieces?
By shooting at me.
Hospitalized.
In reality, it is only a small minority that dominates with terror and violence.
Bring terror to the European city!"
People have finished The pictures succeed one another in a dizzy rhythm; surprise, terror, The people are crowded in a bus shelter.
Surrender!
Can you hear me?
We're broke.
They frighten me.
I killed them.
You're a wimp.
A barbarian?
Prejudiced?
Mr. Quail... I'm afraid you're not really standing here at this moment.
I was afraid you'd think that.
Why did you kill him?
If you're afraid of the heights, you better get over it real quick.
You do and I'll fire you.
(Fearful) Gentlemen!
(Furiously) You swine!
Then it's war?
(After a slight nervous pause) Hello?
There are no burglars in my house.
It changes.
Watch.
(malevolent) How ... (both frightened and fascinated) Where's Greg? "LEVEL ONE" flash across the screen and we... (to herself, remembering) Screamer.
It's the middle of the night.
If they're sick, great.
I was afraid you'd say that.
(eerie) Nick...Alex...save us... (horrified) Oh God... Put it out of your head, Alex.
I'll take the lead and handle the physical threats.
Yeah, that's what worries me.
(horrified) What did he do to you?
I know it's scary, but I won't let anything happen to you.
Did I die?
(Coughing blood) They... they come outta the trees, Reddy.
Oh, Jesus, the poor thing's still alive.
You die.
dead.
Hang on!
Stop.
WOMAN'S VOICE (o.s.) Please...please.. .if
Where the hell is that?
You shoot.
Adam watches him, scared but calm) is start thinking about why were here.
Sorry to interrupt you while youre working.
(Shaking his head, this is unbelievable) No, Im afraid thats...thats quite out of the question.
(cut to a shot of Diana, laying on her side in her darkened room, clutching her teddy bear to her chest.
(nods very slightly) You know, we arrested a dentist last week who like to play with kids a bit too much.
Hes in a full-fledged panic.
Youre running...(He gets up and goes over to the desk in the corner with the audio recording device and dozens of photos pinned to the wall, takes a seat) Youre running scared because we had you.
If you so much as lay a finger on them, Ill kill you!
You hear me?
She looks up at him, concerned.)
I- (but the other person hangs up, and a dial tone is heard) (nervous) I have to go.
(Frightened but trying to stay calm for Lawrence.)
Here, Adam is terrified but still calmer than Lawrence, who has just lost it.)
(His hands up in front of him defensively, moving side to side to try to throw off Lawrences aim) No, I want to live! (moving the gun along with Adams movements) Im sorry...
(weakly) Why?
Its the rules.
There are rules.
Cups!
You bear?
I prayed in saloons, I prayed in the street, I prayed an the toilet.
She'd die!
She'd die!
Hear?
Hell, yeah.
This is terrible.
Here I am going to Florida and my leg hurts, my butt hurts, my chest hurts, my face hurts, and like that ain't enough, I gotta pee all over myself.
Dead.
Yes. Are you afraid?
Fear is the place we go to learn.
I gotta go.
The interior of the car has been transformed into some odd- ball cross between a very small nightclub and an crackhouse..
There's also that nasty knife wound in the center of her chest with hooks stretching the skin back and to the side.
Amy leaps up from the table and suddenly Marla is gone.
Um...Maybe I'm wrong, but, um, I'm afraid I found the whole thing to be a little trite.
I admit it - I was scared!
That's too bad.
I'm just...a little nervous, I don't know why.
...But Mr Livingston, aren't you a bit fearful that Scooby will be confronted with hollow values and systemic conformism?
I'm scared.
Oh God I'm sorry hun.
I'm done, I'm always so damn nervous and I just don't make a good first impression.
The patients in here are Category B. They're mainly people who have had nervous breakdowns and those who are catatonic.
These patients are dangerous?
What the hell are you doing in here?
You're disgusting!
Missus Hardesty, you scared me!
Kill them.
But the last thing I want is for you to dread coming to work.
Who wants to work at a place that frightens them?
You're on a last warning.
That's what frightens me.
Yeah it's awful.
That used to be a nice suburban neighbourhood, now there's this big eye sore there.
I worry that you're thinking too much.
We need to get out of here!
The pain.
Fire.
Am I dead?
Who the hell is that?
Murderer.
He'll kill me.
Fun -- look at that guy... It's just the dope, don't worry Fun, he's not going away; he's scaring the piss outta me!
Hemorrhage, trauma.
To hell with you.
(beat) That's okay.
She died.
(panicked) Mom -- !
I was fired.
Is there a problem?
(calmer) Sorry.
I gotta go.
Sera is nervous.
Can you wake up?
I was worried about how that would be... but now I'm not.
Isn't this a bit sudden?
(nervous) Three hundred for the hour.
Hello... hello... (suddenly alert) Ben?
(to Adjutants) Explain to the Major we care little about toying with colonial militia because we have little to fear from the French.
Aversion?
That where we stop.
And only he can have dominion over himself.
Lightning?
The cabin was attacked by a war party.
And the blood is on your hands!
They may leave the fortress fully armed, but with no ammunition ... Other than that, ask what you wish.
An Englishman afraid to support a friend.
Stop it!!
And if we're unlucky?
Coward!
Coward here.
You hear me?
And whose heart I cut from his chest.
But it is the Huron path that Magua walks down, not the French one ... Now, Les Francais, also, fear Huron.
When the Huron is strong from their fear, we will make the terms of trade with Les Francais.
(modestly taps his chest with his thumb.)
But this time Goebbels got to my doctors before me; they were frightened off, and von Schirach was threatened, bullied and gave in.
Critics give you bad reviews, you have them sent to the Russian front.
(suddenly, to Emmi) Emmi, put that record on.
(quiet, terrifying) Have you ever smelled burning flesh?
I need to get to the ocean.
WHITE (nervous now) Not me.
Beware!
You have sinned?
Police.
STROMBOLI (even more nervous) Please, Bumstead.
This is highly irregular.
He raped me!
Before he kills again!
It's dangerous.
Go away!
(pauses) What are you scared of?
We are glad you are here - I'm afraid we have done all we can.
Didn't bring the gold watch I'm afraid.
Barbarian!
Stop it!
Destroy it.
Hunt her.
Before I hunt you.
Die.
Be still!
A man with no home, no people, none but the company of ghosts.
He owes a blood debt, and he can entertain no other joy, no other cause, until it is fulfilled.
You will be free from your ghosts.
What will you die with?
A warning.
We stop here.
And to kill.
We failed.
I pray you fulfill your debt.
Guard.
I will kill him myself.
Kill me.
It's not worth the risk.
I can go to the police.
I need the police.
This is an emergency -- Hello?
(alarmed) Why?
Because you're dead too.
(terrified) Oh God, shit -- behind the bookcase -- After you.
He has a knife to my throat, Frost!
Watching the fear grow in their eyes, knowing in their hearts I wasn't human.
Written in blood.
How do I stop it?
The Dark is rising.
How would you fight a shadow?
In the past, we've had to restrict our numbers for fear of discovery.
There's a force, you see -- a spirit that exists in our blood.
I'd let you watch the proceedings, Doctor, but I'm afraid that privilege is reserved for members of my own race.
It's cancer?
'Cause his throat's a little screwy?
So what are ya worried about then?
I mean sometimes you look like a younger Brando, but then the way Crumb draws you -- like a hairy ape with all those stinky, wavy lines radiating off your body -- it's kind of scary.
That's a dangerous offer.
What, ya got a headache?
Are you still there?
Paranoid Personality Disorder.
How 'bout catching a bite at Tommy's? (mumbling) I'm not hungry.
But he has more contempt for you than I do!
This is crazy.
I was scared at first but then I thought, what the hell.
How?" (a beat) "I dunno," the fella says, "I think he got stuck in his throat."
God damnit!
Is there a problem?
She goes dark tonight.
What the hell?
Line down.
prick!
You hear me?
Yeah, you got this fear of germs thing.
You're the worst kind of gambler there ever was: too scared to put his chips on the table.
Always afraid it's gonna end out in the desert.
ithout preamble, Mona begins YELLING at Natasha in Russian.
(startled) What?
I'll go up there with you after, if you want... suddenly anxious) Go ahead up and say something to Christa.
I haven't been really afraid of anything since...that night.
(sneering) You're afraid of tattoos, now?
But whoever's watching over Lupino, whoever it is you really need to bless you walking inside Ragna Rok...him, I am scared of.
(nervous laugh) I think you might have the wrong... eed to make a call?
You face down a group of insurgents and instead of fear, you're filled with...peace, I guess.
Hunting.
He thought they were going out there to scare her, destroy her research.
Hang on.
NThe storm's breaking... here was a shoot-out in my building yesterday, twenty floors from where I'm sitting.
Where's the detonator?
It's too dangerous.
Buck only.
Carnivore?
Hang on.
Too late to worry about that!
Carnivores.
I'm afraid so.
I'm fighting panic, and you push the wrong buttons.
The jungle.
It won't attack unless it's threatened.
It's afraid to come onto the roof!
I'll find the guy with the scar.
This mystery man with the scar... (indicates forearm) ...the zigzag, whatever.
I still do.
Execution?
What the hell was that?
Who is the man with the scar?
A scar.
On the arm.
There's no scar, you freak.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The scar.
To hide.
No! Why are you haunting me?
What do they do that they had to kill her?
And still...
Be forewarned.
(then) Watch out for each other.
How did he kill himself?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- With a gun.
You killed him.
And it's not this leak here, that's the least of your worries.
We're going to play a little game called "Who's got the Scar."
Kill it!
Should we be worried?
Let the boys down there worry for us.
I crashed it.
But the thing is... I'm still scared.
I'm really scared...
Bit gloomy in here.
Now, remember -- keep your arms and legs within the vehicle at all times -- (laughing) Fuck you -- Ready? (sees she's afraid) Did he tell you about the time he almost made it up Everest?
(scared but tough) Okay -- I can't -- Yes you can.
(Gabe does) Afraid of flying?
I'm making her nervous -- (beat) You hold her, I'll do the dressing.
Too bad.
That's not what really worries me.
(beat) It's up there.
And a fire.
(breathless, scared) Where is he?
After they left, he was very frightened.
It is his new partner that I'm worried about.
A little scared... and a lot curious.
But doesn't that turn you on, that curiosity and fear, swirling together?
(then, registering that it's day; panicked) I must call my wife... She's going to divorce me.
He's too scared to even come down to the sand.
... Quarantine.
Kill them both.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
You let me worry about him, okay?
I'm a little concerned.
Jesus, you scared the hell out of us.
(calculating) Rumor has it she's a teensy bit afraid of the water... Poetry in motion, Miles.
She was supposed to be jamming down in the power room but... Repeat, this is an emergency...
You had me worried to death!
(dead serious) We're talking the possibility of Jason Voorhees here.
No no no... What was that?? (very worried) I don't know.
What about the fire??
Setting off a fire alarm causes panic...the same kind of panic caused by suggesting Jason Voorhees is on board.
(unable to hide fear) Do you know where we are, Sean?
...but it's broken.
I'm afraid of hurting you.
Are you ill? What?
That's awful.
Danger?
Your mastermind couldn't pass his exams on his own?
(clears her throat) The U.S. Government is not participating in an investigation of a member of the Russian parliament; our target is Alexander Pearce.
He had a pair of Russian hit men after him.
Did you miss me?
The watch.
We should go to the police.
Being a criminal?
You're going to risk everything for him.
Not particularly, but I'm tired of being afraid.
When I first saw the name I got scared: "Alexander Pearce."
It's really a shame you've scared him off-- The two of you make a nice couple.
Formidable!
Suspicion of what?
I'm wounded.
He cave your chest in.
You're under arrest.
I'm afraid they've become a bit... over-cautious.
Boca is scared.
Police!
What the hell?
Emergency!
We'll crash.
Crash.
We'll crash!
Stop.
Police!
Don't move... get you... hands up... you're under arrest... Up! Up, you sonofabitch!
Some say Rasputin ad harnessed all the dark powers of evil and that it was his curse which brought about the end . . .
Brats!
Back to work! catches Anya.
Who did you hear it from?
(hands his the papers) They're still wet.
I can do alterations.
Well, the only thing you've got when you've got a home is a fear of losing it!
I have a fever.
I won't say a word... Nervous?
That's the Russian Ballet - Russe for Russian, oh those crazy French... they only go to see which dancers will defect.
Watch me.
You hear that?
Epidemic!
She was having problems, too.
You watching?
(shakes his head) No way.
(Weakly.)
We gotta block on filter D. Oh, God... What's the problem?
I don't think there's any immediate danger, but we'll have to keep her under observation...
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
Rats.
It's dead.
A catterpillar can copy a snake...
This has evolved to mimic the most dangerous predator it's ever had... Us.
The blood... His blood!
Their eyes react to sudden movements.
(yelling) What's that?
(yelling) What about them?
What's the rule about getting up in the middle of the night?
Okay, this guy is trying to scare us.
I cursed.
All this stuff on TV... (beat) Joe Gills was in here talking about the end of the world... I'm just a little scared.
That would have scarred me for life.
Where are we going to sleep?
I'm scared.
You're scaring your sister.
I'm already scared.
The air is coming... Believe... We don't have to be afraid... It's about to pass...
Feel my chest... Breathe with me.
(whispers) He's not strong enough to fight off another attack.
Some say 'e walks the moors every midnight... others claim e's been dead for years... (panic) 'E was standin' right 'ere!
My teaching career is in danger of extinction.
Whimpering.
Moaning.
I'm frightened.
An earthquake?
You lose.
Those beasts are anxious to run wild.
I know why baseball players choke for no reason, I know why violinists throw up with fear before every concert, and need to, to give a great performance, but what I want to know is, how fear works in a group...
And after she was thrown out, she needed a job.
She needed a job, Malcolm.
You scared me.
Not after it begins to get dark.
Theo, I'm scared -- Hi, Luke Sanderson, bad sleeper, I'm your basic tosser-turner, and you are... Uh... Nell Vance...
I've missed it.
I got more scared.
That's where she hanged herself.
Why? Why'd she kill herself?
Strange noises in the night.
You brought us here to scare us.
You're disgusting.
I hadn't done a study of how group fear affects individual performance.
Your fear of him was real.
That's all the ghost anyone needs.
You and I, we were scaring each other, working each other up.
I'm going to stay with you until you fall asleep.
I was bad.
(worried) Where in the hell can she be.
In the night... NELL (cont'd) ...In the dark.
Watch out!
(to the house, to Crain) No! No! Let them go!
In the b.g., the Officers finish getting a statement from the Businessman as the still-worried Chauffeur inspects the limo.
What about the cop?
Suddenly a voice snaps him out of it.
Beat it.
Everything from firecrackers to hydrogen bombs.
Typical profile, usually losers, nobodies that're afraid to confront their victims.
They like scaring people.
That's why they call in their threats.
What scares me is that this guy is so sophisticated he could blow up whatever he wants, then disappear.
I warned them.
The lead car EXPLODES... Mary looks back in horror as she's whisked away.
Mary shakes her head, scared.
Why are we stopping here?
Did you have a nightmare?
My mommy says cheese gives you nightmares.
She says there's nothing to be afraid of in the dark.
Being afraid of the dark is what keeps most of us alive.
But your fear of the dark is not a weakness.
Suddenly, John opens his eyes.
Linda rolls over and falls back asleep. 1 31 John exits the house.
She hides behind Sister Clara, staring up at Carnby, curious, a little scared.
Suddenly, the double-doors at the other end of the Hallway burst open.
His back is marked with old scars and fresh bruises.
Five minutes... Carnby falls fast asleep.
117 117 Aline walks up to an imposing, slightly decrepit-looking old brick building in a bad area of town.
The military?
His eyes go wide in fear.
Can it be destroyed?
You're dead!
In a panic, they try to pull the plug.
Why attack Russia?
I'm sorry, baby.
We're afraid.
Sarah 132D Dyson, scared out of his mind, has his face jammed against the carpet, Run, kids!
I was scary stuff, radically advanced.
A BIKE COP who has 171A T-1000 guns the bike up a ramp to a pedestrian bridge which crosses 172A IN THE CORRIDOR the bike skirts flaming wreckage as it idles forward.
Drop him.
(getting scared) Yes I am! 173F Terminator fires three gas canisters into the lobby.
A beat.
He is stunned, and blood runs from 193G The wall of nitrogen vapor spreads from the demolished tanker.
195A TERMINATOR.
Come on, baby, it's -- I'm sorry.
That's disrespectful.
Hell, you were -- I was!
Starla, she gets real worried 'bout me I stay out too late.
I had a reaction to a bee sting.
You yourself said it was dark in there!
Another ranch attack!
What 'ranch attacks'?
So the dogs attacked, somehow he slew 'em all, and he stole off with the cow into the forest.
I gotta go.
Wally falls to his knees.
She trembles.
Bill falls against the side of this building, hiding in a dark crevice.
One of the diseased pushes Starla too hard, and she falls to her hands and knees.
(nervous) I-I'm sorry - can someone else please run the Ouija board?
It's creepy, it's wrong and it goes against the teachings of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
(suddenly freaked) What?! No!
(nervous, looks over shoulder) Welcome to Dinkie's Donuts.
You're the "Terminator?"
Y'hear me!
In other news...oh, did you hear about the six-armed Betty Dolls that robbed a bank the other day?
You're in both dreams and you're scared.
I get even more frightened when I see how afraid you are and then I realize what it is - there's a man...in back of this place.
So what's the problem?
They two guys in dark suits?
Beat it!
I don't know about the money... the key... it makes me feel ... afraid.
Well, Sir, I'm afraid they said you're overdrawn at your bank and your line of credit has been cancelled.
And? You're broke!
Now stop worrying, will ya.
I was afraid of that.
She's got enough to worry about up there in Canada.
Like we don't have enough to worry about in a dozen dirtwater countries.
You stopped.
I had it cupped.
Man, you are one scary-looking motherfucker!
This is a war.
It's those Russian interrogators again.
(in Russian) Put him in the chair.
What are you gonna do? (shrugs) Go United States.
How you going to get there?
I'm beginning an attack run.
(Russian/subtitled) Begin your run.
(Russian/subtitled) How many are down there?
Final approach.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
(Russian/subtitled) They're approaching the border.
ELLIE (worries) Daddy, do I really have to have the stingy stuff?
That creepy cemetery up in the woods.
What if he dies?
Well--almost the same--and we won't have to worry about him getting turned into catburgers by one of those damn Orinco trucks.
ELLIE (sets the plate down) I'm scared.
I'm scared and I want to go h-h-home!
Go and wash your face.
ELLIE (anxious) Do you promise, Daddy?
RACHEL (anxious) Still friends, doc?
I was a little worried there.
LOUIS (nervous; joking) Are there ghosts?
Each buries his own.
God, I was sorry to hear.
So buzz.
Now buzz.
The subject scares me.
It ain't your wife and little girl that's got me worried, Louis.
There was a fire.
A nightmare.
I'm scared!
Do you hear me?
She...Rachel's asleep.
Be dead.
You'll be deported.
I can hear you.
If they're still there.
I've been in hiding.
Dead.
And the Russians are really giving them hell.
You don't want to worry about that.
The Russians'll be here soon.
Sorry can we start again?
What's the Russian for ant?
Oh. (Yuri stands) We are Russian.
I'm so sorry You can stay tonight.
He says you scare him so much he must go to the toilet in his trousers.
The Russian shithead.
We can stop.
Now I'm scared.
Stop.
(in Russian) Stop it!
It's murder out there.
I'm afraid so.
To warn him.
I'm afraid you... (continuing; slightly shaken) Stop, Flynn.
You look nervous.
I can't believe how bad it's gotten around here since the MCP started taking over... all the good functions have shut down... everybody looks so dead... I'm afraid to even go out during down-time... That's all going to change, Yori... How? Don't know yet...
He's dead.
You died!
(very weak) They may be... de-rezzed... on the carrier ... hurry... Program... stop.
I (lays finger on her lips) Shhhhh.
What's bugging her?
Now what's the problem?
(and) I heard the other police talking last night.
Except she thinks you're afraid of the responsibility.
(beat, then) I'm afraid.
I'm afraid for Samuel.
That has no place in this house.
But there is the danger of infection, and he has lost a great deal of blood.
What if he dies?
You bring fear to this house.
Fear of English with guns coming after.
I'm a cop.
Cut that out!
You're a cop?
Can I watch?
It will put the fear of God into the ethics commission.
I'm watching it.
Bitch.
Terrible.
What you going to do with that knife?
You think that scares me?
But I read the ghost's file.
You needed me from the get go, but let's not piss on what's past.
You're a cop.
In your nightmares.
You're afraid to get your hands dirty, so you make others carry out your sins.
I killed you once.
Can you hear me?
Russian made - - late fifties.
There's been rumors for years that the Russians had a second base -- a secret weapons research facility under the ice that supposedly blew up in the late sixties -- nothing was ever confirmed.
No one knows half the things the Russian's were up to.
And if it is true, what's in those cannisters could be a prelude to another terrorist attack.
Where the hell are you?
Where the hell have you been?
I've got Newbies afraid to winterover, for Chirstsake.
But he was my partner and I killed him that night.
What did we miss?
How did you get wrapped up in thing, Doc? Weiss got hurt on the plane.
They were afraid to move him, so Mooney called me.
Was he depressed?
If your work and your private life don't correspond to their specifications you're labelled a dangerous agitator -- with no recourse whatsoever.
I -- it was broken off.
When he goes to bed at night Burgel dreams of inspiring as much fear in others as they inspire in him.
(oblivious to the danger) I'm overworked as it is.
(stops again, concerned) Isn't there?
You've killed him!
knife across Kafka's chest.
You asked me recently why I maintain that I am afraid of you ... Naturally things cannot in reality fit together the way the evidence does in my letter -- life is more than a Chinese puzzle.
(nervous) You know the crew could be armed.
(nervous) You ain't giving the orders here!
(quiet) Finnegan... It's okay...come on... (scared) I'm stuck... (jumpy) Hey!
(nervous) What was that?
You hear me?
As the assistant to the Purser, I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to vacate... Or maybe not.
Come in Red two! (panicked) It's them!
Drop it!
Jesus Christ lady... (scared) What are those things?
You hear me?
Fire!!
Oh my God, it's going to sink.
That'll slow them down.
If you blow up your boat, how are we going to get to the island?
A squid? Squid...squid like...squid type... it's got tentacles, a feed sac... probably one central nervous processor somewhere...what the hell do I know is going on deep down in the ocean...there's all sorts of shit we've never seen...eighty foot clams...60 foot sharks...I'm just guessing...can you get me more juice out of Hercules...fast?
Can you get noise?
(to Trillian) You ever operate a jet ski? (nervous) You want ME to go up there?
That girl... it's like I was paralyzed.
I took my eyes off the road.
(startled) Who?
I'm driving along, suddenly this fella runs me off the road and starts hollering about his wife.
C'mon, shake a leg.
(weak) Where is she?
What the hell?
Stop!
What the hell?
She's been kidnapped!
Out of surgery.
I'm worried about him.
He's contagious.
This is disgusting.
Stop.
I admit it now, I was nervous.
I was nervous too.
Cowardice.
After the war.
We were guards.
Counsel, approach the bench.
When she gets out, she's going to need a job.
I'm still here.
The wind is blowing toward the storm.
Rachel rushes down the stairs to his side and hugs him in fear.
Suddenly the wind dies down to nothing.
(worried) Oh, Jesus.
Rachel, sweetheart... Dad, you're really scaring me.
Is this the terrorists?!?!
Where are we going?!?!?! We gotta go!
We gotta go.
I'm really scared.
What... What the hell is this?
What are you afraid is gonna happen to us? (walks over to the weight room corner of the basement) Nice basement.
I saw that storm.
HOLD ON!!! Oh, my god! (fearing danger to his son) ROBBIE!!! Help me.
And I know she's not sleeping 'cause she is so worried about you.
This is an extermination.
(feeling he's not grasping the reality) Are you afraid?
It stopped.
He dies?
I don't want to scare you.
People do amazing things when they're scared.
I dream I'm asleep.
I dream that I'm asleep and I can't wake up.
He died in '91.
Slow down.
(a new voice suddenly) Bonjour?
There was an accident.
(suddenly --) -- omigod!
-- (incoherent fear and confusion, German and English and--) -- what is he? -- what've you?
-- YOU'VE GOT (suddenly from behind) ...omigod, no... What? -- what? -- (attention split --) -- what is it?
...this is my picture... he's got my picture -- (holding it up, in horror --) -- this is me -- this is Zurich -- this... this... this is yesterday --just -- where does this come from?
We also thought we hadn't heard from you -- we've had a bit of a publicity nightmare, people have been talking.
Where did this body go?
-- (he's scaring her) -- Jason -- stop -- talk to me...I don't know what you're doing and you're scaring me -- what are you looking for?
You're in danger.
S'posed to be colder-n- a witches tit tonight... (nervous laugh) Oh, Lester.
It's weird, though.
Sorry I couldn't talk today kcause...I'm scared, okay?
There's been a... a fire.
Don't let that worry you, Annette!
Number two: the judges are as nervous as you are.
I meant, nervous about the pageant?
(suddenly perky) Oh! Nervous about the pageant!
We've gotta go to State! Oh hot! (she scorches her blouse) Oh, damn.
Stop it!
(they shake hands) Roy, Bruce.
Gotta go.
What is the harm?
What is the harm?
I go away.
The night of his birth, robbers came to his home and his family fled hiding the baby in a cattle pen.
Have compassion for them.
What is suffering?
Will we be in this war?
Under arrest.
Have been threatening trouble.
They are scared and running.
These are dangerous times.
You, kill me?
You'll get sick.
I am afraid.
It was during the war.
I was afraid to approach her, but that night, fate was on my side.
Then a dryness in the throat.
From there the poison works its way into the central nervous system causing severe muscle spasms, followed by the inevitable drooling.
It's dropping!
I can't take the pressure.
We're here at the World Center Construction Site, where a mysterious object was just uncovered in a freak accident in which one workman suffered minor injuries... ... Angel Grove Police have cordoned off the area until it can be determined whether or not the unidentified object poses any threat.
The planet is in GRAVE danger!
You had me scared there.
Rats!
It's far too dangerous.
And for all we know, Angel Grove could already be under attack.
I can hardly walk... I've never been this sore in my life.
The weapons are now a BLURR in his hands.
Our parents are in danger!
Rangers... I'm afraid you're too late.
At first, I did so because I feared Merlin, later because I loved you.
What?! The dragon!
Anyway, I was in less danger than you'll be in today.
They should have killed you.
So be it, to the death.
What horror is this?
That frightens me.
A king should be afraid, always.
Compassion?
I am a ghost of the King that once was... (he turns to Kay and with sudden harshness) ...Mordred is real, alive, my own flesh and blood.
Invaders attack the coasts.
Only I am feared.
I am sorry, woman, that I frightened you.
Once you almost saw, but fear blinded you.
Go away.
What horror is that?
I have heard noises and echoes through the stones... What is this place, Merlin?
Only I remain, and this...
Government and Defense Department officials are concerned by reports of panic in several large Eastern cities.
He's all right, General... Blood pressure's a little high, but it could be aggravation.
I'm afraid, in the present situation you'll have to learn to think that way.
(shocked and perturbed by this notion) I'm afraid that would be a little awkward.
Not very good news, I'm afraid.
(ruefully) I'm afraid my people haven't.
There is grave danger -- everyone agrees to that.
(with a derisive snort) He's afraid!
Well, sure I would, but -- (he's to be not going taken in) Aw, I'll bet you'd be scared.
(with a private smile) We can scare him more than he can scare us.
I have come to realize since that your mutual fears and suspicions are merely the normal reactions of a primitive society.
(puzzled) If you mean that you are afraid of us-- (with cool impressive emphasis) We want to be sure you don't make -- let us say -- an unfortunate mistake.
But soon you will apply atomic energy to space ships -- and then you become a threat to the peace and security of other planets.
I came here to warn you that, by threatening danger, your planet faces danger -- very grave danger.
(his lips trembling) I like Mr. Carpenter -- but I'm scared, Mom.
If the meeting should fail, then I'm afraid there is no hope.
I'm scared to death, Mrs. Benson.
(into phone, nervous and jittery) --Honest, Mary, I'm so scared I can't sit still.
Are you crazy?
(he pauses, studying the faces) The Universe grows smaller every day -- and the threat of aggression by any group -- anywhere -- can no longer be tolerated.
It is no concern of ours how you run your own planet -- but if you threaten to extend your violence, this Earth of yours will be reduced to a burned- out cinder.
You still in there?
Gwen you scared the living shit out of me.
I told you you came back to work too soon after the accident.
These headaches you've been getting.
I still...
What the hell did you do with her?!
Cops?
You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse.
Pitbull attacks.
She's only a vision I'm afraid.
I surrender... Wait... what the hell is this... (whispering) Surrender yourself... surrender yourself... Kirsty... Kirsty?
I saw their ghosts.
And that thing is this: Still in the dark I see?
I've been doing my homework.
Listen, I'm just as nervous as you are.
(before she can interrupt suddenly up a notch) It's different.
(after a moment) Jackson panicked and nailed the guard.
(appearing suddenly at Doc's shoulder) Be open five minutes out of the station.
You are here because you're under arrest.
Shells?
You half asleep Quinn?
I need to get back though.
He comes across creepy.
We have a problem.
Are you being serious?
They will stop you.
Where's your helmet?
Broken.
After my fall, I woke up walking.
Evacuated.
It's too dangerous.
I killed him.
He'll die.
Kill him.
Wan an.
(shocked) What'd you do that for?
(beat) Yeah, that's it.
If you are scared, I'll get someone else.
Attack!
In this exercise, you try to touch your partner's chest lightly, and your partner tries to block.
(beat) Shake hands and let your emotions go.
Do you turn away from him out of fear?
Look at him he is too scared to face me!
on't worry Preston - I've had a lot of practice at this: I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
She's beautiful ... she's fragile ... haunted ... DENHAM (cont'd) She can't escape the feeling that forces beyond her control are compelling her down a road from which she cannot draw back.
I was afraid you might be one of those self obsessed literary types.
You made it your own ... I was nervous.
NGLE ON: A TERRIFIED JIMMY braces himself for impact.
NGLE ON: JIMMY, a look of TERROR on his FACE.
NGLE ON: JACK looks with horror as a JAGGED ROCK looms out of Rocks! (yelling) Rocks to starboard ... to port ... rocks everywhere!
A part, deep inside himself that sounds a warning, but there's another part, that needs to know ... that needs to defeat the thing which makes him afraid.
You want that boat to sink?
ou're making them nervous!
Kill him!
IDE ON: KONG has LIFTED the END of the LOG! LL AROUND panicked SAILORS are SHOOTING WILDLY, but fear and lack WO SAILORS FALL ... CHOY scrambles for something to grab.
A SECOND TYRANNOSAUR ATTACKS!!!
A people who have dwelt all their lives in the shadow of Fear!
ACK watches as KONG'S FEAR builds to a growing sense of ANGER and ODGING bits of FLYING DEBRIS, JACK tires to push his way through AR WINDSCREEN POV ... KONG STOMPS on the CAR in FRONT, LIFTS FOOT (under his breath) Oh Jesus ... Follow that ape!
PANICKING DRIVERS PILE into he CAB SLEWS across the STREET, disappearing up a TINY ALLEY, ACK sends the CAB into a couple of TIGHT TURNS ... he rounds a ONG gently picks ANN up ... his EYES never leaving her FACE.
(angry, scared) You okay?
Picture Edward in a strange place, lost, frightened... I'd be there for him.
(concerned) Have you been sleeping?
The poor thing.
It lay dormant.
(worried) What's wrong?
Where the hell you been?
I was bad.
Wake up!
A snake!
Hello?...(hello?)...(hello?) (frightened) Hi...(hi)...(hi)...
Suddenly I'm not so hungry...
Then he talk in this real scary voice!
He was afraid of you.
(half asleep) Get to sleep Indy -- I stay up and keep eye on things... Okay, Shorty ... see you in the morning...I'm going to have a little -- word with Willie.
Holy smoke -- I'm scared, Indy!
Down there?! Are you crazy --!
You drink the blood, you not wake up from nightmare of Kali Ma.
Oh my God, you scared me!
I'm afraid they'll kill them!
Had? She's dead.
That's my line.
We owe him.
I need your pocket knife.
I'll tell you what scares me -- stumbling through life, like an ordinary jerk.
That's what I'm afraid of most of all.
I got a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose.
That's why they'll kill you.
I gotta go...Manana.
Did you hear me?
You hear me?
It's awful.
So what's the problem?
Couple days before that I had a dream that my dog attacked me and it took all day for the pain in my arm to go away.
Sorry I woke you up.
Schizophrenia starts at twelve.
What if you had an accident?
I've been fired.
Oh, God, here we go again.
What are you still doing here?
Stop.
The bank was afraid of looters.
What the hell'd you do that for?
When old Mrs. Dugan went after you with a knife?
The scariest thing that ever happened before was Charlie running out of donuts.
Jesus, I can't stop shivering.
I'm afraid I don't know the names of the grandchildren.
Why'd you shoot him?
In the middle of the big flood last year, I was patrolling the streets in a boat, feeling kind of sorry for myself -- 'cause it was my birthday and all -- when I saw the front door to a house was open.
I pulled my gun -- afraid it might be looters.
You'll kill me?
Kill him!
(breathes deep) The air after a rain...
There's a collective GROAN and the sound of two hundred panicked asses twisting in their seats.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 3. Campus is a ghost town, most students having already left for the holidays: the DORMS abandoned, the LIBRARY STACKS empty, the LABS silent, the DINING HALLS eerie.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 4.
An underclassman GUY, 19, is asleep behind the wheel of the Oldsmobile.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 5. I'm two hours late?! Shit.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 13.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 14.
What are you doing?! Wait - WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 15.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 16.
GIRL (cont'd) (calling into vent) WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 17.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 19.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 20.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 21.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 25.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 26.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 27.
GUY (cont'd) What the hell?! WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 28.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 30.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 31.
It was an WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 32.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 34.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 36.
The guy- What guy? WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 37. I don't know, it was weird.
We?! WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 42.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 43.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 45.
You should all come with a warning, like car mirrors: "Objects in belly shirts are flakier than they appear."
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 46.
Layers... WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 47.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 48.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 49.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 50.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 51.
Because I'm afraid I won't wake up.
When WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 57.
...Of course I might be willing to let you off with a warning this time... if we can come to some sort of arrangement... What are you talking ab- (whispers) It's a shake-down.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 59.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 63.
But we have to deal with it, `cause like it or not, it is happening... WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 64.
Why is this happening to us? (hands on her belly) I can feel your stomach rumbling.
Oh no... WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 65.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 66.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 71.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 72.
GUY (cont'd) (nervous relief) HAH! Next time pick on someone driving a Hyundai- WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 74.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 75.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 76.
I didn't want to scare you- WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 77.
So? WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 78.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 79.
(urgently) Don't let me die out here- WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 81.
No!!! WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 93.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 94.
His hat has fallen off and floats in the icy water flooding the car, threatening to short the radio.
Suddenly it dawns on our girl that he isn't talking to them.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 95.
Suddenly there's a WHOOSH as the engine fire spreads across the car's undercarriage, moving toward the FUEL TANK.
WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05 96.
Suddenly - The COP launches himself out of the window of the overturned car at them.
Skin peeled and blackened, he starts crawling over the rocks, dragging his paralyzed lower body after them.
As she begins scrambling up the snowy slope away from the horror below.
Suddenly she loses her grip and starts to slide back down on her belly toward the cop a dozen feet below.
Slow down.
We're not out to put a dark cloud over your head.
If you think you scared me, you didn't.
Stop.
God, I'm sorry.
Missed you!
Missed you!
Oh, baby, I'm sorry!
Everybody is frozen now -- scared.
What's your problem now?
(coy) Did I?
That's fuckin scary.
My name is Tillman, freak.
Who the hell is that?
Pure crystallized horror, two stories tall and covered in bloody red... (beat) He's so what they want.
Kid, trust me - I was going house to house in Tehran while you were still sucking mommy's nipple.
Things Castle's afraid of.
(nervous) Uhhh...
Hang on.
They turn, suddenly aware of him.
Because Castle's scared of you.
Trying not to show how scared he is.
HACKMAN'S FACE erupts with BLOOD.
HACKMAN SWINGS BLIND with the BOWIE KNIFE, once, twice - the blade misses KABLE, backpedaling, by fractions of inches; displacing some SERIOUS AIR... HACKMAN lets it FLY.
They stop.
He SPAZZES OUT like a turtle on it's shell, a moment of panic - he's been PASSED OUT in his chair and doesn't immediately know where he is.
Looks like someone up the chain decided you're no longer a threat.
He was scared to come off the roof.
That's intriguing.
He's a little nervous tonight.
I didn't mean to scare you.
-- Now you'll have to kill me.
Poor thing.
and co. up against the glass doors, the other holding the CROWD at bay; imitating her swoon, to no one's amusement; OTHER MIMES cruelly mimic their terrified poses...
The panic.
We've got a market panic of national proportions.
A bomb.
That's kidnapping.
Panic's up.
Terror's up.
And fear -- fear's gone straight through the roof .
I'm frightened for you.
(sits up, terrified) What is it?
I can't help it if voices speak to me, if the Holy Virgin appears before me and angels and devils like my company.
The plague.
Does that scare you?
Scare?
What are the horrors you've painted over there?
I crawl into a ditch and hide when they pass by.
I see myself in it, and I am filled with fear and disgust.
Do you hear me?
Then life is an outrageous horror.
When that day comes ... In our fear, we make an image, and that image we call God.
You are worrying ... Death visited me this morning.
The Crusade.
It's worse than that.
What are you screaming about?
They flee the country and carry the plague with them wherever they go.
And people are going mad from fear.
So you're afraid too.
Has she disappeared?
Has she deserted you?
I only become frightened and angry.
Were they frightened?
Shake hands.
The witch?
I see fear in your eyes, an empty, numb fear.
They are so afraid of him that they don't even dare touch me.
Kill him.
I'm so frightened.
I'm afraid of death.
Death.
Have mercy on us because we are small and frightened and ignorant.
(on her knees) It is the end.
It's a little sore.
You had an accident.
(then) Will you shake my hand?
The blood flow has subsided Suddenly Sam 1 sees the GIRL in the mirror.
(a beat) He scares me, Gerty.
What is it about Sam that scares you?
And stops.
He is stunned.
Sam 1 fast asleep in bed.
A premonition?
You had an accident.
Did you hear that?
Operator?
A THREE-HEADED DEVIL emerges from the shop carrying a sackful of videos - and recognizes STU, much to his horror.
Land of nightmares.
I told you, it's the land of nightmares.
You're a masochistic pain freak.
I've been trying to get through to the head guy - the nightmare god - what's his name?
Sorry, Kitty!
The god of nightmares!
I was depressed.
That's why she was having the nightmare.
(spreading his hands) So I need a job.
Worried about my feelings, are you?
Atilla the Hun.
We need nightmares - lots of 'em.
What's he gonna do - draw really scary cartoons?? Oh, no, no, no.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
We sent you up to make nightmares!! Now find that nightmare juice and get to work.
Head trauma.
It's the nightmare juice.
I'll worry about the guards.
Stop this.
It's degrading!
Who? (protesting) That's it!
(thickly accented English, sympathetic) Are you afraid, Vilyum?
There's nothing to be afraid of.
(lifeless) What did he do?
There's also a lot of "Baksheesh" that's a favorite Turkish word for bribery... Unfortunately my youngest son Arief is having problems with his teeth; he needs braces, but dentists are so expensive these days (patting Arief on the head) Poor kid...
(mutters to himself) Work, work, work, that's all do I don't hear you bitch about the money.
What do you mean, you forgot, he'll have my ass! Well I can't do two things at once, you were supposed to be here at nine o'clock! (looking up, scared) Jesus!
We fight now.
Bad.
Nebu? (worried) What's going on?
(cowering, pretending fear) From Max. (under his breath) You got to be kidding.
'What are you crazy?
You being the boss with all the worries, me just along for the ride.
You'd make a hummingbird nervous.
3. 2. 1. Drop.
We'll hunt you down.
Your fly.
I am fly.
And I'm da bomb.
It was an accident.
You'd give a woodpecker a headache.
But it's you that has the problem.
We'll still be here.
What the hell?
Formidable.
Wait a minute, you'll scare him off.
A nervous newlywed?
Please... a moment... if I... CAMERLENGO (cont'd) It is true we are under attack from an old enemy.
And this time they've struck from within, murdering our Holy Father and threatening us all with destruction at the hands of their new god, science.
There is a growing fear that without the four prefiriti, a two- thirds majority for any candidate may be impossible.
-- possibility of terrorism, as the church has now confirmed arson at one of its oldest and holiest churchesresulting in at least six confirmed deathsinitial rumors that one of the dead was Cardinal Ebner of Frankfurt -- been refuted by the Vatican, which has asked international media not to engage in, quote, "wild speculation"-- -- as conclave goes on, with no sign of agreement on a new pope yet.
I don't want the last image of this church to be frightened old men sneaking out a back door.
-- and steps into the Pope's private library, where the POUNDING -- and, on the other side, Langdon and Vittoria squint at theCamerlengo is in danger!
But there is worse.
He promised a paradise, but he has made a hell full of all its horrors.
You worry too much, Carvajal...
For I have sinned.
Cursed?
God has abandoned us.
Listen to me! Every man is afraid who does something for the first time.
But those who overcome their fears, will find their rewards.
I do not know if it is God's will that we cross this ocean -- but I am certain it is the devil who puts fears into our hearts...
He dead.
(seriously) To rise so high, in so short a time, is a dangerous occupation.
What are you afraid of?
We will wash this in blood.
In this forest, there is enough danger to sweep us away in days!
I am afraid this is not the worst news.
To hear him...
He has changed.
He falls to the ground screaming for help, but the other prisoners run like rabbits, terrified...
He's such a nightmare to shop for.
Homeless.
I'm afraid so, Miss Vale.
She rolls off suddenly; when he tries to sit up, she pushes him back down with a single finger.
I slept with the Pharoah.
Five stories up, an UPDRAFT hits him and he suddenly INVERTS.
PEDESTRIANS are already gawking and pointing as the DRIVER climbs out and peers down at the inert caped figure lying face-down in the street: What the hell is CARS are backed up, due to the panic in Gotham Square a few blocks over.
An awful shiver of anticipation runs down his spine.
It's late, and the house is dark as TIPTREE treeds silently downstairs carrying an OVERSIZED SUITCASE.
FRACK has opened a panel on the kitchen wall, revealing the SECURITY SYSTEM from which the alarm emanates.
Still a 46.
They're ghosts.
Stop here.
Bunker.
I gotta go.
A lawyer!?
I wanted to tell you, but I couldn't -- I was afraid you'd leave... good guess, huh? (grimacing) Fuck, why can't I ever say what I really mean?
How's that sit in your gut, Utah? (cold and scary) Take your hand off my shoulder right now.
They shake hands.
I don't need your calls in the middle of the night.
A drunk guy is half asleep at the corner table.
When he opens up his eyes again- Ben steps back terrified.
I need this job, I need the money.
He is scared of what he is about to discover.
Michael is terrified and cries out for his mother- Mom! Mom! Amy swings the door open and turns on the light.
You're scaring the kids acting like this.
These mirrors are dangerous.
Angela was a part of our lives too, but you have no right to do this to us... Ever since your obsession with these damn mirrors the kids are scared to death.
Your son has nightmares.
He's scared Ben...
I'm so scared, Ben... What's happening?
We are in the dark basement, under the farmhouse.
And after the hospital?
MICHAEL?! Amy freezes when she realizes that all the picture frames and all the mirrors in the corridor have been scraped, bringing the reflecting surfaces, once again, to the light... (scared) Ben, someone scraped all the mirrors...
(panicked) I don't know where he is.
Terrified, she steps back and hits the opposite wall.
She is suffocating.
In reality, A TRICKLE OF BLOOD APPEARS ON DAISY'S THROAT.
She is terror-stricken by the events in the house... Don't move sweetheart... Fortunately, Daisy's wound is not deep.
She begins to shake him and to perform mouth-to-mouth resuscitation as she applies rhythmical pressure to his chest.
He strives to regain consciousness... Ben takes advantage of the brief respite to pull out his gun but- "Anna" appears from the dark and, in a flash, she strikes a backhanded blow that sends the gun off into the air.
Suddenly, under the water, his hand lands on the gun.
Rage and violence have replaced the terror and dread.
The silhouette suddenly emerges from the dark.
Ben steps back in panic.
I'm afraid there's nothing else for it.
And stroke!
Stroke!
Its uncanny.
Stop.
You hear that.
He's vulnerable here.
What is the problem?
She is attacking our whalers.
Pray stop your bellyacheing.
Stroke.
[ ] Creature?
A poem, Sir? [ ] (after a moment's reflection) 'Oh were it mine with sacred Maro's art, To wake to sympathy the feeling heart, Then might I, with unrivalled strains, deplore, Th'impervious horrors of a leeward shore.' 'Transfixed with terror at th'approaching doom...' What! (apologetic) ...they were only people of the merchant service, of-course, Sir.
No. Are you in a panic?
I miss you, too.
I had a nightmare last night.
Look, she was worried about me, she came to see if I was all right - which yes, is stupid but not, as far as I know, a crime, and hardly a mortal sin.
(anxious) Where's Luisa?
Will you watch them now?
I'll miss you.
She's a bit nervous here.
(yawns) Anyway, I'm too tired to worry about the creep.
You have a nightmare too?
What the hell you doing here?
That's why we were there; she was afraid to sleep alone.
I gotta go to school, Mom.
A MAN is over there in dark clothes, reading 40A.
I'm warning you .
(beat) There... was this guy who had knives for fingers... Do you think I did it?
I heard you freaked out in English class today.
And what you do to your arm?
Jesus, it's dark in here.
Still there?
This isn't your average nightmare, Daddy -- damn it!
What the hell.
She's starting to scare the living shit out of me.
He wouldn've stopped.
Saw him lying there in that caked red and yellow sweater he always wore, drunk an' asleep with his weird knives by his side... (dreading it) Go on...
Mommy killed him.
Were Rod's?
If you mean the bars, Marge's just being cautious, her being alone and Nancy acting so nervous lately.
It's my nightmare he comes to.
MUSIC SUDDENLY 207.
And now you die... 208.
Nooo, nooo... Don't sergeant.
I always worry about the bellies of our children.
I am afraid of the man at the fort.
I am afraid that he will tell some whites that I am here.
I am afraid that they will try to take me away.
Run! Now I lay me down to sleep.
I need to get out.
We got a snake.
It makes me afraid for all the Sioux.
The hell you did...
They will hunt for me.
It was about who would get scared and turn back first.
You stopped.
(a flicker of anxiety) Where?
We'll miss it!
We'll miss it.
(mind racing) He was afraid of being exposed.
(anxious) Come on.
My medication.
(nervous) Twelve have a mission within the week.
I'll miss you.
Not yet, I'm afraid.
(panic starting to show) Vincent, where's the shore?
I declared war! (sadly) Oh...and I was afraid we had nothing in common... (under his breath) Fourteen-fifty hours, sir.
Scared.
(off Weaver's nod) Are you scared?
You watch yours, soldier, or my worker friend will beat you up! (terrified) Oh, that's okay, I'll let him off this time.
I owe you!
(to the soldier ant next to him) Lays it on a little thick, doesn't he?
Dismissed.
He'll watch out for you.
I'm afraid he got... downsized .
A warrior.
You're crazy about me!
Z!!!!!!! I'm stuck!
It's a horror movie .
shot out ... Yippeeeeee! (terrified) equally terrified... (to Z) Hey, take it easy!
There's nothin' to be afraid of!
Stop!
(to himself) How am I going to get in?
The place is crawling with soldiers!
I surrender!
(horrified) -- Formica's going to flood the colony !!! That's what he meant when said there were too many ants!
Your majesty, I'm afraid matters of state keep me from attending the ceremony.
He's right!!! panic as every ant tries to scramble You there!
Stop!
What are you doing?! ATTACK!! (berating his army) Come on, you yellow-bellies!
On the ground!
I was watching that.
He's weak.
Stop!
They're threatening to pull a Saddam Hussein: remember the Scuds he lobbed at Jerusalem during Desert Storm?
Afraid that's not the case... The North Korean Premier holds what we call a "Brinksman Switch."
Military.
The warhead vents the plague bacteria above the target area, infecting about 50,000 people.
Word leaks out to a city of 12 million people there's rocket full of the Plague coming at 'em, you'll create a panic of biblical proportions.
NEWS IS OUR FUCKIN' JOB!! (on TV) ...A warning was radioed to U.S. Intelligence that a biological weapon, allegedly containing the deadly Pneumonic Plague, is approaching Los Angeles.
(thru car radio) ...These words, which have terrified the city: (thru car radio) ...A biological weapon, allegedly containing the deadly Pneumonic Plague, is approaching Los Angeles... (into radio) Miranda..! (thru radio) I heard.
Can't you disarm the bomb?
Too risky.
You a bomb expert?
(into phone) ...I'll call you next week.
I have seen ghosts, Whitman.
Scar on your chin happened when you were ten, you still wonder if it's ever going to fade away.
A dark entity -- Evil, ancient and hungry.
How do I kill it -- ?
What do you think this is, "The Brady Bunch?" These... freaks -- (lowers his voice, tense) These freaks, Trevor, they give me the creeps.
Yeah, I gotta go, too.
Go away.
I worry about you.
You're reckless.
Watch out.
In the dark -- I heard your voice -- What -- did you say -- ?
Because for her, for her -- I'll die.
He's a lawyer.
They're still doing this?
So, what's our first plan of attack Santa?
Worse.
You can beat this.
(To children) There's no need to worry about Santa.
We're doomed.
Do you hear that?
No way, it's too dangerous.
I'm sorry about freaking out yesterday.
Why'd he stop?
That was a warning shot.
(rising terror) Jonesy!
(gripped with panic) Ahhhh!
(panicked) Oh, mother of Jesus, forgive me of my-- (making a decision) Get him into the Shack.
Okay, watch this..
That bitch!
(reading) "Debbie Does Dallas"... (looks up and grins) Hell, it's in Russian.
You read Russian?
Can you beat that?
(suddenly) You don't think it was from going on that ship do you?
You look in the shower room... Oh, God...what's going on?
(panicked) Sixpack...what's going on?
Stop it.
It ran out of blood.
We don't have much choice... without air, the internal pressure will fall and-- Crunch...Implosion.
(worried) I don't know yet, she's still in there.
My dad will freak!
What the hell are you doing?
I need you to pull your vehicle onto the shoulder!
I know it's crazy, but I'm really scared for the others.
Don 't worry.
Here it is, gotta go.
I'm so scared.
But you can use that fear.
Dead.
Such fire in you now.
But be warned.
Do you hear me?
It was...horrible.
It was a premonition?
Sleep in shifts.
Freaked me out so bad I hid in a shopping cart for four hours.
That's retarded.
Stop that!
We gotta go now.
I was in a hospital.
Can you hear me?
But the noise, how do they sleep?
That's a threat?
Is he dead?
You're monsters.
NIGHTMARE.
STORM on LAKE - NIGHT Conrad and Buck are fighting against the storm in their small sailboat Conrad is twisting in his bed under his nightmare EXT.
NIGHTMARE.
STORM on LAKE - NIGHT Conrad and Buck are fighting against the storm in their small sailboat Conrad is twisting in his bed under his nightmare EXT.
STORM on LAKE - NIGHT (NIGHTMARE) Conrad is clingin at the keel of the overturned sailboat Bucky!
Conrad is twisting in his bed under his nightmare and muttering in his sleep.
Dr. BERGER'S OFFICE DAY Conrad sits in an armchair, very nervous, scratching his leg.
Hang on.
She killed herself!
Haaa... Conrad cries I'm scared!
I'm scared.
Feelings are scary.
Beth enters the dining room in the dark.
Calvin is sitting at table in the dark, sobbing, his head in his hands.
TWO DEAD THINGS attack him.
But there is a problem.
Cholo kills the bitten security guard, too.
Cholo turns the gun on the surviving security guard.
Kill him?
We don't negotiate with terrorists.
Right outside the throat.
Behind him... ...SLACK and CHARLIE stand, weapons ready, eyes alert for danger.
You missed.
I blew its ass off.
It's dead.
But there are rats here too!
Stop.
You're fired!
We shall overcome the fat cats.
Phone call!
That's disgusting!
(suddenly) Are you scared?
Scared?
What are you, crazy?
Falco is gonna be sore tonight.
The ball is stuck in his face!
Fire him?!
He's got a knife!
The ball is snapped, the kicker moves forward and suddenly Brian Murray breaks through the offense and blocks the kick.
Big house.
I cut myself.
I'll be scarred for life.
Miss!
Did you hear me?
You're hurting.
Blood's one of them.
Thunder.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
What can you do? (pause) There's nothing to be frightened of.
But he escaped you.
Have you had an accident?
Dead.
I'm afraid it's true.
We'll deal with the police - Where are you going?
He's dead.
Kill me.
You bitch.
Let's do this fast so I can go home.
I don't blame you for being sore.
What are you missing?
We're cops.
Cops!
He's our prisoner!
I'll drop him off.
There's been a murder.
A foreigner.
A barbarian.
(beat) More you.
You feel you have a debt you can never pay.
A criminal.
Now drop it, okay?
Damnit, Ichiro, I'm tired of people telling me what I can and can't do.
I won't put myself in danger for you anymore.
(terrified) I can't... Slide over.
What the hell are you doing?!
(stopping) Why's that?
They still there?
I'm afraid I'm gonna see an old lady with white hair, like the old ladies inna park, little bundles inna black shawl, waiting for the coffin.
A curse.
Don't be so afraid.
(the silence again falls between them.)
The martyr.
I dropped it!
Stop.
Now! Disaster!
Creatures.
I woke up and there's dis thing on me! (the leg band) Go home and every flyinbird starts dissin' me: `Hey Yellaleg'`What's happenin' Whats that on your leg, Yellaleg?'
Fly.
Ritmo Cubana! ...Riba Riba! Shake those hips!
Watch me!
I hear them.
...It's a seizure!
Stop.
A meat eater (terrified) The - fish - are - ours.
Was I dead?
So we're dead.
Is there a problem?
Now it's your problem.
Is he a cop?
Hello Mum.
I'm afraid the room won't be ready until four o'clock.
It's me... Hi Mum.
He was eccentric.
I'm a cripple.
So we kill them both.
It's a risk...
D'you kill him?
Fight.
Chang?
What did you do, Mum?
I'm scared, Julian.
We're outside.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me now?
Sorry, am I interrupting?
Do you hear me.
(a threat) We'll see.
I wouldnit worry about him.
Police?
"Witchcraft."
Watch.
Hell-o.
Now where's my cut?
So, Hawk!
You are so weak!
The Red Threat.
People were scared, the Agency was respected, and I got laid every night.
Oh Hudson, I was worried you weren't going to drop by....
Shot.
A thief.
Our foot soldiers will blow your brains out!
Silencer bomb...
I'm a ghost.
Boo.
Brokers, economists, and fellow entrepreneurs will drown in the saliva of their own nervous breakdowns.
Alfred's throat which Don't lose your head over this.
Oh Bunny, Ball-Ball.
We got some FLIR off an AWAC of a coupla go-fast boats, on one run, that's all.
(beat) Then?
You're worried about me.
You worry about you.
Get hurt.
You worry about you.
She's dead...
Disappeared.
Then the military.
Then prison.
They're cautious.
It still is.
Watch out.
She's on the prowl.
(concerned) How are you feeling ?
Frightful.
Oh, below the knee I should think.
So, would you - Western civilization must root out this evil, wherever it hides, or she risks defeat at the hands of global terror in a nuclear age.
Now it persecutes them.
You're a monster!
Worried about our careers, are we?
This is a war.
Prime Minister, we have secured the beachhead - The Argentinian troops are demoralized and ill equipped...The paratroops have taken Goose Green... Shortly after dark last night, our forces executed what our Commander in Chief has called a brilliant surprise night attack.
You scared me.
Is there a problem here?
Planes get hit by lightning.
So why are you still here?
I shot him.
Am I bad?
No need to panic.
I scared you -- I crossed the line -- No -- it's not that.
It's dead.
Emergencies only.
Hey, slow down, turn off the little motor up in there...What do you say we go to the gym and work off a little stress?
He's dead.
You killed him.
Where else you gonna go, son?
I need to get there, now.
You sick freak.
(terrified) He's inside.
But the threat was called in for the Federal Building across the street.
What do you say we call in a bomb threat for Houston.
(suddenly nervous) It's locked?
There was a moment of panic.
Panic?
Have you ever seen me panic, Scully?
(startled) What?
But if it's through simple contact of blood to blood, and if it doesn't respond to conventional treatments, it could be a serious health threat.
I think it's gestated -- Wait -- I see it -- (nervous wonder) Oh my god.
Is it an emergency?
We began to worry.
More concerns than that?
It must... Scully... Something's wrong... (fighting for clarity) I'm having -- lancinating pain -- my chest.
She's got constriction in the throat and larynx -- are you breathing okay?
Coming through -- She said she had a taste in the back of her throat -- there was no pre-existing allergy to bee-stings -- the bee that stung her may have been carrying a virus -- A virus? Get on the radio, tell them we have a cytogenic reaction, we need an advise and administer -- I think he's coming out -- He's coming to.
Scarecrow.
Are we being watched?
(weakly) Where are we?
Bees and corn crops do not quite fall under the rubric of domestic terrorism.
(stepping out of the trailer, hands on her Wasn't you.
It's just stress, Jeep, that's all.
What's your problem now?
What the hell's that?
That's too bad.
I saw what I needed to do, but I was afraid... (breaks down) She could've killed you!
Yeah...The hell is that?
Now! Shoot now!
Shells!
(approaches Michael, panic setting in) Look, this is not possible!
This first attack was a test of our strength.
Being in a war?
So what's with that gun?
Sometimes we have to face the thing we fear the most in order to be free of it.
He's still in here!
He's bleeding!
And a grenade.
You should have worried more about saving yourself.
That is dangerous.
I gotta go.
You shouldn't be coming down here in the dark.
My knee and my head.
You scared us, champ.
Now you're being crazy.
Is this so bad?
I'm scared and I need you and you're not here.
I'm scared.
I was in this house...but it was late at night.
I was afraid.
I don't want to scare you, but I have never, in all my years of doing this, experienced anything as terrifying as their presence.
When you were about eight...you suffered night terrors.
Awful fits of pure fear.
You were terrified of an old woman who you said would come to visit you at night.
In each photo, she got closer and closer to you... Finally, I was so scared, I called Elise.
But in the back of your mind, you're still afraid of having your picture taken, aren't you?
A parasite.
What a tramp.
I hear you...
You're asleep in your bed in our home.
You're scaring me, tell me where Josh is?
We have just folded space from Ix... (extremely nervous) Yes?... How was your journey?
I have promised the Baron five legions of my Sardaukar terror troops.
Can you hear me?...
Many dangers exist on Arrakis.
(inner voice) What does she fear?
Who is the traitor?
Fear is the mind- killer... the little death that brings total obliteration... 53A.
(We see Yueh turn toward her, fearful.)
(nervous) Here he is... We've got to go.
Watch!
Did you hear a noise from the little one?
You killed the doctor too soon, you fool! (inner voice) Yueh... Yueh... dead... Paul and Jessica safe... the tooth!
Through sound and motion you will be able to paralyze nerves, shatter bones, set fires, suffocate an enemy or burst his organs....
This changes both!
-- It is changed!
She frightens them.
(out loud again) A storm is coming -- our storm... and when it comes it will shake the Universe.
Poor Emperor, I'm afraid my brother won't be very pleased with you.
What the hell now?
It was an accident.
(panicked whisper) What the hell are you doing?
Cops.
You sick crazy on a board, on a bike!
He dies for what?
Now! What's the problem?
Is there a problem?
Now I have to hide out here with you.
What the hell are you doing?
Yours kidnapped you, mine abandoned me.
A long time ago I learned how to put fear away in a little place in my head.
I must be healthy, then, because I'm scared to death.
What the hell are we doing?
Did you do your homework?
(in Russian, subtitled) They're coming!
The poison needles?
(worried) Do you think the baby can handle a little sip? (eyeing her) Ginny, that baby's ready to tend bar.
...I've missed you.
Are you still there?
He had the detonators!
(worriedly) They're shooting at them (calmly) It's panic fire...they can't see anything.
(worried) Is the building on fire?
Hang in there.
(as the picture stabilizes) ...of the Nakatomi building, sources say that the terrorist leader 'Hans' may be this man, Hans Gruber.
(worried) What are you going to do? Hey, I negotiate million dollar deals for breakfast.
Are you insane?
You hear me?
That should shake'em up.
With all the power shut down, those bastards are probably scared shitless.
No, they were asleep when I got here.
(beat) You've really scared me.
It attacks the nervous system.
And with Duncan, as I said, the disease would only manifest itself in periods of extreme anxiety.
Wake up.
Curt's asleep.
I was fired!
They were fast asleep.
Stranger.
What the hell are you doing?
Intruder!
Intruder!
Cliff?...
Look what the Russians did to it.
After the kidnapping...I was afraid to go outside, to be alone, to be in a crowd, to do anything at all, until I realized... (pause) There's no point in living if you can't...feel alive.
Now who's the coward?
You new? (Russian accent) Yes.
Splitting headache.
Shoot.
You think I fear death?
I get on my knees and pray for it.
So distressing for M.
Are you crazy?
That monster!?
He disgusts me!
You disgust me!
They're getting their weapons from the Russians, but where are they getting the money to buy the weapons?
Then it's no longer a bomb?
(back to work, urgent) It's a bomb alright.
Over-praise, I'm afraid.
I'm afraid it is what you did.
You will die.
Russian stuff.
He killed me!
Not in cold blood.
You'd miss me.
You will die for this.
Do you know why you're scared when you're alone?
(beat) I was afraid -- you called it acute anxiety... (beat) You were wrong.
I'm still afraid.
...I'm still afraid.
You're worried because she said she told him things.
He got hurt in the neck by another man with a screwdriver.
I don't want to be scared anymore.
(beat) I'm off then.
Where'd you hear that?
I don't know which one of these guys told you that, but they were just trying to scare you, I think.
Stop it!
I see ghosts.
(on T.V.) Mommy, my throat hurts.
The bumble bee pendant.
Did you move the bumble bee pendant?
If you're not very mad... Can I sleep in your room tonight?
It means... 'I don't want to die.' (beat) Not all the ghosts are scary, are they?
She watched out for you.
She died.
Cole, you're scaring me.
Ghosts.
I miss you.
I miss you.
I'm still here.
The pain.
You missed it.
Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face.
He pulled his knife and I got to mine first.
Did he die?
It was slow.
A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep.
You tappy heads better not tear down my house.
What's the problem here?
She has a fish bone caught in her throat.
That was my brother's knife.
Stop it!
Stop it!
The poor thing is not to blame.
The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you."
The punch...
Is that an earthquake?
Dr. Kimble... Sorry, we've been trading phone calls last few days ... something about a biopsy report I returned to you? (suddenly attentive) Yeah... Three.
Are we home yet?... (to phone) Dr. Kimble (suddenly attentive) When?
Brain surgery?
Stop! Down.
(shocked) What?
Where you gonna go?
I gotta go.
Police! ...As a graduate of the class of 1984, you are someone special... ...Whenever news of you filters back, the school is excited and proud of your accomplishments... ...We hope Grosse Pointe High prepared you well to lead the kind of life that makes an impact on the world... ...Remember, "there's no where you can go that you haven't learned how to go in time... It's easy..." (in severe pain) Whatever it is that I'm doing that you don't like I'll stop doing it.
I think what you fear Martin is domesticity.
It's the greatest fear that men have who belong to Western Culture.
Uneasy.
Well, I gotta go.
I gotta go.
I kill.
I'm an attorney.
You both are mistaken.
I was afraid to commit to a relationship, but now I know I'm ready to make it happen.
What a shock.
Yes well we have a suspect, so don't get that worried.
I happen to work for the police god dammit!
I was afraid they were bait, something to, ya know, trick you out of hiding.
Oh my God Karen you scared the shit out of me!
Well, if you're watching this tape, it means as I feared, I did not survive these killings here at Windsor College.
What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
I was attacked in the bathroom.
I make horror films, that's what I do.
You're dead!
The GHOST rushes Sid.
(freaked) What! Natalie, what?
Where do I hide it?
Sorry, Angels.
Still, I worry that no one is watching the door.
(off their looks) Hey, you don't have to worry about scaring me.
We're worried you'll scare us.
Stop it .
From the crash.
All you people are so scared of me -- an' most days, I'd take that as a compliment -- but it ain't me you gotta worry about now.
But least this way I don't have to worry about falling asleep and not wakin' up.
A toast to their ghosts, then.... Didn't leave, these people.
Oh, ask him 'bout those shakes.
Ain't me you gotta worry about.
A PREDATOR BUZZSAWS over his head , fleeing the cabin, taking off Fuck me .
(no response) Got no right to be so scared.
With her bleeding.
They go off blood.
Slow down.
That's the only rule.
A predator kamikazes onto the shield , its bone-blades piercing he catches the beast under its scythe blades , blunting the attack.
Is You'd die for them?
I know you view that as a weakness, but I'm sorry -- I do feel fear, theirs too.
Suddenly a predator is right there , right in our face.
I made no request to go out riding today.
I have no wish to go riding.
She'll take a light supper alone in her private drawing room and retire early.
I fear the influence he has on her.
(beat) I know there are those in the establishment too afraid to attack me and so they attack my dearest friends.
She'll be worried about me.
She'll drop you.
Do you hunt?
Kitchen and lower house.
The threat.
It frightens me.
You are forcing me to do the very thing you know I fear most!
Swell.
Back to work.
In the middle of the night?
You're scaring the hell out of Wes here.
The Dream Police.
You're suffering from extreme fatigue and stress that manifested itself into one hell of an anxiety attack.
This whole town is in danger.
In the nightmares.
I've been in danger before.
I was scared.
Gina's too scared to understand.
I'm half asleep already.
It's difficult.
What...there are rules to all this?
You scared the shit out of me!
Where are the Dream Police?
It's too dangerous.
You're hurting me.
Stop.
You're scaring me.
You're scaring me.
(beat) So.
Murderer!
A stomach thing.
Yeah, except for holding a gun to senator Malcolm's goddman head in his own goddman house last night, Anderson's sitting it out!
He was in shock.
It was you shooting him.
You're scaring me, Rose Stop talking.
(pointing to needles) Lindenmeyer developed neural connectors that tap directly into the nervous system.
(eyeing Parker's scar) New scar you making it okay in there?
(a beat) I'm becoming something else, and it scares the hell out of me.
Synthetic blood.
Where's my gun?
You're awful at it.
Stop me.
Authority still makes me nervous.
Why?! Were you afraid I'd lose it?! Go over the edge?! Huh?! Is that what you were afraid of?! Hands up! Now! (recovering) What's going on?
Captain, I'm afraid of how smart Sid 6.7 is.
(a beat) But I'm even more afraid of what's he's becoming.
(a beat) I did.
Who the hell are you?
A bomb's going off tomorrow night, but I have no idea where.
(shaking out the cobwebs) ...I think so...You?
Where the hell have you been?
A bomb is going to go off!
Wake up!
He was sleeping on his shift.
(hiccups, sits) Y'hear that story the gooks is putting chemicals in the grass so's we become 'pacifists' so's we don fight (to no one in particular) Where the hell's everybody, they'se gettin high that's what - bunch of hopheads, they think they special ... (turns away, bored) Don you worry Bunny, youse a killer anyway.
(a worried type) Leave it willya - it's gook shit.
They're scared.
They're scared?
Round up all suspected Vee Cees and shake it up!
You hear me?
(terrified) Out there man - behind the log.
Danger close.
So what's the problem?
You'd be spider chow, kid.
Hang on.
(threatening) Over my dead body.
That's what scares me.
Go to med school.
The spider tanks are shattered.
That was a trapdoor spider's burrow.
They're trying to get away from the giant spiders.
Slow down...
Spiders shed their skins when they grow.
A spider's leg! Careful!
Can't you turn that down?! I'm doing spider research!
(sotto) Spider... Mike... Spider... Wow!
What other spiders did Joshua have?
Outside?
Giant spider invasion.
Watch it!
It's spider repellent.
911 Emergency.
We're being attacked by giant spiders!
What a shock!
911 Emergency.
I'm afraid I must terminate this conversation.
You're going down! Arac attack!
The creek where Joshua gets his spider food.
I was broke!
Spiders!
I blew up the kitchen.
Never before had a panda been so feared... and so loved.
We should hang out.
Viper!
He is in prison.
Yes, and one I feared I would not live to see.
Viper!
You're so much bigger than your action figures -- except for you, Mantis.
You are too concerned with what was and what will be.
We're dead.
I disgust you.
Cut it!
They're dead?
We were no match for his nerve attack.
So you could come back here and strike fear into our hearts.
In the middle of her audition, Nina dances Odette's Variation from Act II of the ballet, a frightened look on her face.
Exactly as the White Swan should be: fear tinged with melancholy.
She looks nervous.
She nods, nervous.
I was worried it'd be too much.
She suddenly hears a RUSTLING sound and a short SNORE.
I'm gonna go.
What, you gonna go home to mommy?
Stop.
An unfamiliar, lonely noise.
Lose yourself.
She breathes a sigh of relief.
David runs towards her and she startles away from him, afraid.
She looks up, sees his creepy MASK, and backs away.
O heavy lightness, serious vanity, Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms, Feather of lead, bright smoke, cold fire, sick health, Still-waking sleep, that is not what it is!
I fear, too early, for my mind Some consequence yet hanging in the Shall bitterly begin his fearful With this night's revels, and expire the term Of a despised life closed in my breast, By some vile forfeit of untimely death.
Ay so I fear, The more is my unrest.
Madman!
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
(a real fear) If they do see thee, they will murder thee.
I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes.
That's by me wounded.
What a change is here!
Why do we scream at each other?
The law that threatened death becomes thy friend And turns it to exile.
I have a faint cold fear thrills through my veins That almost freezes up the heat of life.
Fear comes upon me.
O, much I fear some ill unthrifty thing.
For fear of I still will stay with thee.
It's really fucking creepy.
Do you hear it?
Don't talk about it, you're making me nervous.
Okay, ball test.
Is he still in there?
The wind!
Is that- Holy shit is that the camera?! caught me (exhausted) Y- yeah- What happened, are you- Ahhhhh!
...I can fly.
I feel stupid now that I was scared to come back.
But we've- ...Do you hear that?
I'm worried about you.
Stop it.
You're a guard then?
(wincing) Ouch.
You won't need to worry.
I can't have you falling asleep on me.
I've been so busy, and I really gotta go.
You are a guard.
(sitting down, worried) What did I spill now?
(agreeing) I'm afraid you're right.
We plunge it!
We plunge it!
She shook her ta-tas?
Two, they're heavily armed.
You stopped that.
Hey, you let me worry about Jump, okay?
More dangerous.
I'd be scared of him, too.
And it looks like this chase will end here, as police seal off the building...
We're operational.
We stopped him.
Jail?
A bolt of lightning blew up cottonwood tree.
Stop it!
What the hell you doing?
(suddenly indignant) Yeah!
We go out, we find those damn snake things, we make 'em extinct.
I'm dead.
Remember in Yellowstone...? JIM (cont'd) Something's got me!! JIM (cont'd) Oh, God! Get me Out!! GET ME OUT!! sink into the ground !! Stop it!
Stop it!
It's dead!
Vibrations?
Watch yourself!
I think I scared it!
The bombs?
I don't think it does scare them!
Where the hell are they?
(slowly; terrified) I want to live for the three days.
So..Have we shown you how to start a nuclear war yet?
ll heads turn to face him.. JANVRIN (cont'd) I'm afraid it's not good news.
A CNN ANCHOR breaks the news to a worldwide audience.. "I'm afraid we have some bad news to report.." "Diana, Princess of Wales, is dead."
This is going to be massive.
HARLES's eyes burn.
"..that's how she will remain.
Stalking?
A bang.
"And I think it's this strength that causes the confusion and the fear."
I'm afraid he's rather insisting.
The problem will come when you leave, but that's not for you to worry about - and certainly not today.
It's madness!
beat.
Creature?
Your men are right to be afraid.
She is an orphan.
Elizabeth is frightened by the storm.
(frightened) Aren't you?
I'm afraid I rejected his application.
Miss!
There's one from Master Victor! ...and not a day goes by that I do not cherish your faces in my mind's eye or ache to see you all again.
Numbers four and twelve directly into the nervous system?
I'm quite serious.
He was a frightened soul who acted out of fear and ignorance.
We feared cholera.
Is that your diagnosis?
ff..reh..nn..nd.
It'll be dark in a few hours.
I'm terrified for my girl.
And watching.
These have been fired.
You killed her!
You killed her!
We killed her.
He died.
I was watching.
What is that to you? Evil as you are.
(shrugs, suddenly more couth) Physical violence paralyzes him.
I was afraid I'd seize up during cross.
(suddenly exasperated) Oh.
She was worried about you.
I gotta go out.
(nervous) I...I can't.
Oh, God, I'm sorry.
You got scared.
When you're afraid the most, it means you're on the right track.
(scared) I told you, Truman!
(suddenly concerned) Who?
(coming to the defense of her mentor) Truman's had bouts of paranoia before and recovered.
Fear?
You know why they're so nervous.
(his entire body shaking) What...is...my... name?! (clutching the baby to her breast, without thinking) Thank you, Truman.
Have you been concerned, Meryl?
(suddenly angry) Don't lie to me! Tell me what's happening?! (frightened but remaining poised) I thought you knew everything.
What could I tell you? (backing her up against the kitchen bench) You're part of this, aren't you?! Truman, you're scaring me!
No, you're scaring me, Meryl!
(in reply to the voice in her head, half-strangled due to the pressure of the knife) Do something... (wild-eyed) Who are you talking to?! (incredulous) You're the one talking to the walls!
(to a light fixture, threatening) I'll kill her! (sneering at Meryl) Right on time.
(remarking on Truman's clumsiness) Nervous.
He's too still.
(a trace of panic) He didn't drink tonight?
What have we missed?
He'll drown!
Why have we stopped?
It's urgent.
Is he ill?
How did he die?
How did he die?
Good teeth -- Where did you get those scars?
It's madness.
Gladiator.
Same killing.
Are you scared for tomorrow?
Maximus Meridas haunts me.
We should fear for the blackest storm.
She killed herself with a snake!
By those closest to him... (he glances up to Lucilla) ... by his own blood... they whispered in dark corners and went out late at night and conspired and conspired...
And one night he sat down with one of them and he looked at her and he said: "Tell me what you have been doing, busy little bee, or I shall strike down those dearest to you.
That's too bad.
(off his cut) Yeah.
I can wake myself up, too.
You worry too much.
We're hanging in there.
Not a single phone call?
Should I be nervous for Brendan?
Conlon standing and trading with the Russian!
This is a fight!
I was... God, I'm sorry.
I'm worried sick.
You're the victim.
GRAHAM (voice over) Look, if you worry about her, I've got a friend who's a shrink.
GRAHAM (voice over) This is serious, it's a lot more serious than I thought.
She's... She's been under a lot of stress lately... And... Well... Huh... Huh... God...
Sam Rawson's room, please, room 6-12.. HOTEL CLERK (voice over on the phone) I'm sorry, there's been an accident.
The police will be here soon.
Bitch !
I don't want to be scared any more.
I never met anyone so scared of being alone.
I'll kill you !
On the jaw.
You afraid I'm gonna take her on you?
(nervous) It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. LaMotta.
There's nobody else around who wants to fight me; they're all afraid.
I just fight... (interrupting) He fights the toughest guys around that everybody else is afraid to fight... (interrupting) I'm the only guy ever to beat Sugar Ray, and I still don't have a shot at the title.
I'm afraid with all these tough guys here.
Vickie?... Vickie, you asleep?
I know she's doin' somethin', but I can't catch her... Maybe she's afraid you're gonna hit her so she can't talk to you the way she wants to.
Crawl on my hands and knees?
Yeah, except fall down.
It's all forgotten about.
But where's the belt?
I'm lyin' there with a tree across my chest!
What am I gonna do -- hit 'em with the tree?
Stop worrying.
He's a crook!
They escaped!
Awful.
(He hangs up) There you are.
Let yourself go, go, like me! (Afraid to ask) Which one is it?
Sleep-walking?
Worry about the menfolk.
I'd like to read it by myself, but I'm a little anxious.
Waverly?
The Old Man's asleep!
We'll be raided!
You frightened me to death!
You gotta go?
What, is there an accident?
In this case, it does.
We're groping in the dark.
What the hell are you doing?
Deadly.
What are you afraid of, Cris?
(concerned) Why?
He was going to panic and shoot five innocent people.
This is your last warning.
Crashed.
Except you're not.
Keep the pressure on.
You want me to threaten to kill a pregnant woman?
Surrender.
What the rules are.
Wind.
Yet there it is again: a thin, hollow GHOST-TOWN WIND, whistling over his shoulder.
(sheer terror) What-do-you-want?! What-do-you-want-with- me?!
Mackelway eyes it, fighting dread.
Troubled... That's weird.
For what? Interviews.
Dead.
45 victims.
Then he stops himself.
He approaches the shelves, jostling cans from their rows, making more noise than he ought to.
Sirens off.
Two ABILENE COPS get out, approaching the house.
More rain falls outside.
Lightning too.
Then it vanishes again.
Evil itself...
The sounds blend in with the wind, the rain, the drops in that bucket... Evil itself, on the move, gathering might.
It is massive, powerful, dark.
Watching.
Surveilling.
They broke down.
Pain.
Well, then, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to keep it.
Larry, I'm so scared, would you please hold me.
(whispering) Go ahead and be scared, you've been brave enough for one day.
I was panicking for a moment, but I've got my senses back now.
Dead.
How did he die?
We were worried the cops got ya.
He's ruining me!
I can't work for you guys and be worried about gettin back before ten o'clock curfew.
(to Eddie) Vic was worried.
I'm a cop.
I want you to go through the mugs of guys from old Milwaukee with a history of armed robbery, and put a name to that face.
Stop there.
(stopping) You scare me.
I don't want to scare you.
I've missed you.
Stop her!
He rebelled.
He rebelled.
Will you fight?
Full attack!
Dead!
It will be worse than before!
But what does he fight for?
I am so afraid... Give me strength.
You will die!
His head was set on London bridge, where passerby were invited to jeer at the man who had caused so much fear in England.
Stop.
Why should we risk our butts on a job like this?
You wimp.
Two Russian attack subs, a Tango and Victor, have been tracked within fifty miles of here... and now we don't know what the hell they are.
It's a Russian submersible.
He panicked and pranged his regulator.
But what did he see that made him panic?
You're making the women nervous.
You watch yourself.
Missed what?
I gotta tell you, that guy scares me a lot more than whatever's down there.
Oh my God... Oh no... (steps toward Coffey) Please, you can't.
I drown.
Hold me, Bud... I'm so scared... It's Bud.
Can you hear me okay?
You hear me?
If I gotta sleep in a spookhouse, surround me with chicks who are more scared than me.
I been watching you.
Throbbing.
You hear me?
You killed me.
Are you crazy?
Then we need to get out of here.
The spirit lives in the blood.
I'm scared.
Stop! No! Cinnabar, no!!!! Noooooo! (to Patrick and Cinnabar) Get out!!! Go!!!
She's scared.
The family's scared.
We had an intruder.
You're insane.
The panic button is only for emergencies.
This house is haunted.
He said there's a ghost.
And where is this ghost?
... I'm scared of you.
Well then -- I'm afraid I have to eliminate them.
Unless you're scared.
Mom -- stop worrying.
I'm a mom, it's my job to worry.
I have choreographed multi-pronged amphibious landings and stealth air attacks!
What're you so scared of, Freak?
ill eyes him.
Watch.
Final Revision - October, 2003 6.
Final Revision - October, 2003 10, No news of Frodo?
Kill them . . .
(sly) . . .
(urgent) He is here.
PIPPIN (cont'd) The city was burning ... Minas Tirith??? (to PIPPIN) Is that what you saw? (terrified) I saw . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 19.
Final Revision - October, 2003 21.
(worried) Where are we going?
Final Revision - October, 2003 22 (nervous) How far is Minas Tirith?
(rising panic) Merry?
Final Revision - October, 2003 23.
(panicked) Merry!
Final Revision - October, 2003 24.
Final Revision - October, 2003 25.
Final Revision - October, 2003 27.
Final Revision - October, 2003 38, Final Revision - October, 2003 39. (gasping) I can feel his blade!
Final Revision - October, 2003 40.
Final Revision - October, 2003 43.
Final Revision - October, 2003 45.
Final Revision - October, 2003 46.
Final Revision - October, 2003 47.
Pull! Final Revision - October, 2003 48, Mithrandir!
Final Revision - October, 2003 49.
Final Revision - October, 2003 50.
Final Revision - October, 2003 51.
Do not stop the attack until the city is taken.
Final Revision - October, 2003 52, (worried) Where are Theoden's riders?
Final Revision - October, 2003 58.
Go away.
he's poisoned you against me.
Final Revision - October, 2003 59.
Final Revision - October, 2003 61 Final Revision - October, 2003 62 Grimbold, how many?
Final Revision - October, 2003 63.
quiet ..? They grow nervous in the shadow of the mountain . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 65, Well, that's no good.
Final Revision - October, 2003 67.
She will not long survive the evil that now spreads from Mordor.
Final Revision - October, 2003 77, One who will have your allegiance.
Final Revision - October, 2003 78 (desperate) I summon you to fulfil your oath! (raspy yell) None but the King of Gondor may command me!
KING OF THE DEAD (cont'd) (fearful) It cannot be - that line was broken!
Final Revision - October, 2003 79.
Final Revision - October, 2003 80, (shocked) Lord Faramir! . he runs Faramir!
Fear!
Final Revision - October, 2003 81, My son is dead.
DENETHOR (cont'd) (panicked scream) Abandon your posts!
DENETHOR (cont'd) Flee! Flee for your lives!
Final Revision - October, 2003 83.
Final Revision - October, 2003 84 Stay where you are! (rallying) Stand to your posts!
Do not give in to fear.
Final Revision - October, 2003 85.
Final Revision - October, 2003 86.Grond!
Final Revision - October, 2003 87.
(nervous) Smeagol!
FRODO (cont'd) (panicked) Smeagol!
a Final Revision - October, 2003 89.
May it be a light for you in dark places when all other lights go out.
Final Revision - October, 2003 90.
Final Revision - October, 2003 91.
Final Revision - October, 2003 101.
Final Revision - October, 2003 103, (terrified) Whatever happens, stay with me.
(panicked yell) Gandalf!
Final Revision - October, 2003 105.
Final Revision - October, 2003 107.
Final Revision - October, 2003 109.
Final Revision - October, 2003 110, (yelling) Rally to me!
There's knife work here needs doing.
Final Revision - October, 2003 113.
Final Revision - October, 2003 115.
Kill him!
Final Revision - October, 2003 117, (yelling . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 123.
Final Revision - October, 2003 124 Take mine . . .
Final Revision - October, 2003 126.
Final Revision - October, 2003 127.
ARAGORN (cont'd) I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me.
Final Revision - October, 2003 128.
Final Revision - October, 2003 129.
I'm naked in the dark.
(rising panic) There's no veil between me and the wheel of fire.
Final Revision - October, 2003 133.
Final Revision - October, 2003 134 I'm here, Sam.
Final Revision - October, 2003 136, Final Revision - October, 2003 137.
Final Revision - October, 2003 140.
Final Revision - October, 2003 141.
Final Revision - October, 2003 144.
Took his family hostage in November.
Dark hair.
Shouldn't you be asleep?
That was an accident!
You hear me?
It's still there.
This woman is a danger.
Go away.
Of murder.
The Alien.
(To MOM and DAD, taking out an envelope) We're investigating obscene phone calls and mail threats to a certain Mrs. Dottie Hinkle.
(Overdramatic, feigning horror) I didn't do it!
The police were at my house this morning.
Oh Mom... (Suddenly his buddy) Can we watch that scene again?
(Horrified) MR.
I'll call you back! (Hangs up) ..Police claim the driver of the hit and run vehicle ran down the teacher in cold blood and then backed up over his body to finish off the job.
(Turning to face DAD, suddenly stoic) It's Ok, Eugene.
(Dramatically) Nightmare on Calverton Court!
(Sneakily handing them miniatures) Here you go.
She scared me.
Watch what you're doing!
(Stammering in fear to But...but...she...Rosemary, I heard her voice!
He's worse than the dentist in "The Marathon Man"! (Poking her head in) Sorry to interrupt, Dr. Sutphin, but there's two police detectives here to see you... (Entering) What is it, officers?
(Suddenly cheerful) I sold the Pee-Wee Herman doll!! (Appalled) Mother!
(Exits into kitchen) She's gone! (Blurting it out) She's gonna kill Scotty!
Hurry, Dad! (Scared for the first time) If Mom's a psycho, Scotty will still be ok, won't he?
(Scared) Dad, I thought it was ok.
I'm worried sick about her! (Gets in car) Hey, Misty!
Did you bring back "Ghost Dad"? (Rooting in her purse and handing CHIP the casette) There you go.
(Belligerently) Why?
Because it's the rules!
What a bitch!
I saw blood!
Not red like in horror movies, but brown!! (Terrified) Is MOM...in there?
(Whispering to BIRDIE, making excuses) Well...they sort of deserved it... (To CHIP) Shhhhh! ...Beverly Sutphin is not a woman!... ...Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm Herbie Hebden and you and I have a tough job ahead of us... ...I have known the Sutphin family for sixteen years... ...Dad, Eugene, is my dentist... ...Chip and Misty played with my own children... ...but I've found out I don't know Beverly Sutphin at all! ... No one really knows Beverly Sutphin... ...You see... (He reads note to humor MOM) ...Beverly Sutphin is INSANE!! (Suddenly defiant) (Trying to make his point) Yes, she committed these terrible crimes... (Pleading) ...but that doesn't make her a bad person.
(Stuttering, panicked) Yes...but...I didn't... (Suddenly, dramatically) Mrs. Ackerman, do you recycle?
(Horrified at the sudden silence in court as everyone stares at her in hostility) No... (Weakly) I don't have room in my kitchen... (To RALPH) Could you sign it: "To a future Serial Mom"? (Signing) Sure.
A normal housewife trapped in a nightmare of circumstantial evidence... (Pointing to MOM) ...That's her! Henrietta Lee Lucas!
(Suddenly nervous) Bring her home...I guess.
Bomb?
He can control his heartbeat, his sweat glands, his blood pressure... Jon, I trust your instincts, I always have.
I can't tell you... except only I can do it.
A tummy tuck.
Shoot me.
Now -- shoot me!
Kill me!
Bend over.
You killed them?
You'll have me fired?
Surgery -- are you okay?
It's an emergency.
What the hell are you doing here?
Tell me... tell me about the all- night dentist.
There was an emergency.
Not as ill as he's going to be... Sorry.
Am I grounded?
A one-armed machinist, Oskar?
It's dangerous, to me, personally.
He's got this whole place to run, he's responsible for everything that goes on here, all these people -- he's got a lot of things to worry about.
And killing.
They don't fear us because we have the power to kill, they fear us because we have the power to kill arbitrarily.
So, we should hang him for it?
More important, he's not worth you making threats against us.
I did adjust the pressure controls.
One of these days the Russians are going to show up unannounced at my gate.
When the Russians arrive.
Yes, I know him, Schaefer, the stud with the glasses, who fancies the nurses... I'm afraid I don't understand that, what do you mean?
Terrified of women, clumsy at sports.
But you're the one who phoned me in a panic, you're going on a vacation.
But I'm afraid he's at Chief of Service rounds right now.
Blood cultures, stool, L.E. preps, chest, E.K.G., all negative.
So they laid on the surgery for eight.
(she takes her drink and crosses to the sofa) That is to say, he suddenly sank to his knees at the back of the room and began to talk fluently in a language which no one had ever heard before.
It was hideous.
I was in there a little while ago, and he was suddenly taken ill, and I thought I'd better get him over here right away.
Now, I'm seeing a ghost.
The ambulance is here.
He's disappeared.
We have an emergency here.
Kill himself?
How I miss you.
It's urgent.
Who killed him?
You bitch!
Nasty.
(shrugs) Good for the Jews.
We Russian Jews were supposed to be headed for Israel but I didn't see much of the country on that first trip.
I was suffering an identity crisis of my own.
The C.I.A. and U.N. were both heavily recruiting Russian immigrants.
It's not "bath of blood".
More illegal.
(from the boat) Cannibal, what's going on?
(panicked) Yuri! VITALY (cant' d) I don't have Dutch.
(anxious whisper into phone) It's Yuri.
The war's over.
What does the gunpowder do?
I can't live in this house.
There's been a war on.
(slightly worried) He'll get us the dope?
The birds, the bees?
(after a beat) What do we do?
It's awful.
I told you a long time ago, nothing happened for you to worry about.
(stands up, facing Smith) Thing is, I do worry.
That would be dangerous.
(to Coley, gesturing at Pete) And he says what's the danger.
Then why are they all so concerned about me?
Am I concerned?
What stopped you?
(angrily) They'd be afraid to see each other's faces.
Me...? Are you afraid, Mr. Hastings?
(awkwardly he puts Macreedy's bill back on the counter) But what's the use talkin'...? (with grudging respect) You don't know what it's like, being scared.
Right this minute I'm scared half to death.
(stonily) Neither am I. Then what are you afraid of?
You're so scared now you'll probably drown in your own sweat.
He's wicked.
It's not shrink-appropriate to be afraid of the dark, you know?
What am I afraid of?
Were you in an accident?
He's dead.
That was out of line.
Wake up.
I burnt down the building where I worked.
Other than me being crazy?
You'll be watched 24/seven, because they're afraid you'll kill yourself.
Go away.
No. No. No... (to self) It's not shrink-appropriate to be afraid of the dark, right?
Go away!
But I'm afraid this is private property -- you can't just waltz on in.
We need to get Miranda back to the institute.
A nightmare.
Nightmare.
You were possessed by her.
You're both in terrible danger.
She's scared too but she can't step back into the light until she finishes what she started here.
Stop it!
One thing about fear is it makes people say the dumbest things.
I'm afraid that TV belongs to the school.
You broke it.
(Hangs up phone)... Come in! (sounding suddenly sedated) Aaaah.
That is a lot of money... Maybe if we close our eyes and pretend he's a chick... (panics) Damn!
Fire.
Fire.
I'm warning you!
Fire.
Where the hell is he?
Where are his pants?
Can I have a gun too?
Dead on.
More guns.
More cases.
He's up to his elbows; wants to shake his hands free.
Phone call.
I ain't here 'cause I'm scared.
A bait.
We decide who the target is, what's the threat assessment, the cost value, over what time table it's gonna take place... Which target do we go after first.
That's out of line.
It ain't gonna settle, it's gonna blow.
Hear me?
And now this handsome face of mine...can't step foot in Washington, for fear of being laughed off the Hill.
I'm afraid for my life.
Armed.
- We're the Light Brigade Horace is a Russian.
Annie is beside herself, drumming the ground with her feet in a fever of fear and pity.
Stop it.
You should have stopped it!
(Beat) I worry for you, Charles.
The sweats the shakes the abdominal pains.
You have an illness.
What is there to be scared of there.
We are all of us fighting a battle against fear and superstition but we can win this battle.
Whatever he suffers from its not good and they are worried about getting infected with it They plunge into a tunnel.
The younger Darwin flees up the stairs.
On the landing, Betty and Horace, wide eyed and terrified are bundled into the nursery by Brodie as Charles thunders up the stair.
The boat is wrecked and sunk now.
Your ghosts?
The unspeakable .
The house is in uproar.
It's that bad.
And we've been punishing each other for it.
I was probably just as scared as everyone else, but inside I never felt better.
How awful.
(beat) Do you?
My voice sounds what...? Well, no, I'm afraid I'm not feeling any better...
(he moves away, suddenly serious) Mary, you want to cut this off, go out and find yourself someone available.
You feeling ill?
I was afraid I'd have an accident last night, from sleepiness... so I decided to pull over...
(a worried tone) Caroline...? Mary still isn't in?
She's as worried as we are.
And that was the last I saw... (a pause, a thought) ...wait a minute, I did see her, an hour or so later, driving... (a pause, then with solemn fear) Ah, I think you'd better come over here to my office.
We have a problem.
It's my problem, too.
(Pressing) You look frightened.
You still with me?
Put your weapon on the tracks and step out with your hands above your head.
What is it with you and bugs?
Watch it there.
I'd be worried if you didn't have them.
This is aggressive.
You're not the only one afraid of Hell.
But you're still here.
She'd scare my mother to death, talking on and on about Revelations and the end of the world.
Can you kill him?
You were in danger.
Then watch yourself.
The abandoned wing.
I will deport you.
But subject you to pain, unpleasantness -- suffering -- and you will take notice, you will fight to overcome, to earn your redemption.
A tanker was attacked and sunk yesterday near the French Polynesians.
(nervous) Think I should ask him?
Big bites.
They've called out the National Guard and riot police are on alert.
(nervous) After the initial attack he just...disappeared.
Cameraman Victor "Animal" Palotti barely survived this vicious attack to provide us with this footage.
What the hell are you doing?
Fire at will. .
I've got exclusive footage of other places this thing has attacked.
(suddenly interested) You do?
To try and avoid a needless panic.
Fire.
emerges!
Watch.
How's our throat today?
(a warning) Zira.... Nonsense.
Security police.
Then I'll defend myself.
The prisoner does.
(pounding gavel) Dr. Zira! Silence that man!
The verdict is in.
Why does the appearance of one mutant send you into a panic?
You do it because you're afraid of me.
You do it from fear! Are you Julius?
To scare off humans?
To scare us, too.
What's the diagnosis, doctor?
(worried) Taylor, please -- Except that he's also the Chief Defender of the Faith.
Like death itself.From the first, I've terrified you, Doctor.
("Stroke!")
(clears his throat) I miss being evil.
Oh! Una, doo-- (laughs as he lowers the golf club to Jerry's head) Boca! (scared) Boca! Looka too! (whispers) We're stealth ninjas.
There's a chicken.
Can you hear me?
Is that stealing?
I promise that this wig will transform you from ugly to irresistible.
(nervous) Haha.
I have to tell you, I was so nervous about tonight.
Nefario! Sorry, gotta go!
What is your emergency?
I'm buried.
I'm in a coffin.
I'm scared.
Slow down.
Were you shot at?
But they shot them!
I've been taken hostage.
We were attacked and now I'm being held for ransom.
You're buried?
To hell with that!
Vibrate.
Government.
Terrorists?
I am terrorist?
You are terrified, so I am terrorist?
Stop!
(afraid to ask) Did he...? Is he...? Yeah.
These threats are real and will be followed through on.
It's worse.
Slow down.
I was so afraid I was going to lose you.
Watch it.
The dogs? Screw the dogs!! Torch it!! (panic) We're on fire!
It's dead.
He gets thawed out, wakes up and scares the shit out of them.
Was it broken into?
We should sleep in shifts.
I'm all better!! Don't leave me here!! I'm getting worried about you.
These bastards got scared and got rid of him.
Now... (edgy, hostile) Why you so damn anxious to let him in here... (slightly trembling) He's so close.
(terror) What we going to...
(to MacReady, threatening) You're going to have to sleep sometime.
Then I'll have to kill you.
Then kill me.
When attacked, your blood will try and survive -- and crawl away from a hot needle say.
Watch them.
You hear that?
Hear what?
Grow fangs on your chest.
Did you kill it?
Is it grounded?
Why should it be grounded?
In the jungle.
20 bucks?
Revolver.
Slow.
Shoot.
Why fight it?
Iris.
That's why they stopped me.
Iris?
Yeah, Iris.
Others I'm afraid aren't so lucky.
Trembling.
Afraid.
Are you crazy?
You hear that?
Down the line.
Avoiding Spooner's eye.
There was a struggle.
Slows.
On the line.
Reacts.
What am I missing?
No, I was asleep.
SUDDENLY ROARS.
Stops him.
This is your stop.
To shake off the feeling.
Watches.
The approaching TRAIN... WHEN SUDDENLY.
At the back of his knee.
Arms.
And drops it in.
He STOPS.
He slows down.
He hears.
He stops.
When he hears.
But we're forgetting the real brains of the operation -- the one who's got its eye on everything...
Horrified.
A storm! Lightning!
It's starting to get scary.
Can we stop?
Beat it!
And here's howling!
Oh, gotta go.
A ball! Ball?
Run! Oh no! Russell, give me your knife!
I'm stopping off.
Not for about twenty minutes I'm afraid, Sir.
Nothing for us to worry about.
I'm sorry, darling.
(growing indignant and increasingly nervous) That's ridiculous.
(calmly) I'm afraid where I go, Hennessy goes.
Blood everywhere?
(With an anxious look across the street) Guy, hadn't we better go inside?
You look worried.
We're talking about a major threat to the EES image.
It says here Noxon's dangerous.
And to the left you can see a panic- stricken little troll.
Who wants to get freaked first?
Shake?
You hear me?
Back to the Freak House, now.
Who's the troll?
But thanks to your Noxon and my genius, tonight I will turn Ricky Coogan into a freak so hideous, it'll be enough to turn your stomach inside out, boil your brain in its own juice, and cause cold sores you thought had healed up to start buggin' you again.
Kill him!
Captain, I'm starting to worry about the hull integrity.
(to Borg) Break off your attack.
(worried) Montana... Target locked!
I'm afraid so.
cybernetic nightmare.
That... can change.
Why are you being so difficult?
I think Mister Worf is suggesting that we go outside for a little stroll... I'm almost afraid to say this, Captain... but I think it's going to work.
Can I shake your hand?
And those doors were made to withstand a nuclear attack.
I'll lay in a heading.
It's been destroyed.
The Borg threat is over.
DeBlois) - FINAL DRAFT - 05/05/14 3. Scared him off with the big talk, didn't ya, Stoick?
Berk is what you need to worry about.
Wooden boat, big ocean.
I can change yours.
You really had me worried there.
But can you fly?
Watch out!
Remember our song, Val? I'll swim and sail on savage seas, with ne'er a fear of drowning.
(catching himself, Sorry.
I'll swim and sail through savage seas, with ne'er a fear of drowning.
But even as a boy, left with nothing, I vowed to rise above the fear of dragons and liberate the people of this world.
A warrior.
I feared you wouldn't make it.
I was so afraid of becoming my dad.
Those who attacked us are relentless and crazy.
But those who stopped them?
I was asleep when you got home, wasn't I?
You were asleep when I got home, yes.
What the hell is going on?! (equally horrified - frightened) I wish I knew.
And what is your verdict?
Was he in a fight?
(afraid - quiet) Where ... am I? You're in the state penitentiary.
He's missing.
I missed you.
(scared shitless) I...
(fear) Is that car following us?
I miss you.
I gotta headache... What's goin' on?
I started gettin' nervous...
We killed him.
You killed him.
(continuing) You scared him...
I scared him?
I was scared.
You're crazy!
Can you hear me?
No wonder you kids are all having nightmares.
Fear is real though, isn't it?
And if nightmares are fear, then doesn't that make them real?! (gets excited) And if the nightmares are real then is reality like a dream?! (cutting her off) Meagan!
The police came and everything.
I wasn't really worried until I saw her picture on TV... then I got really scared.
The police are doing everything they can.
Over to Stormie's.
Stormie?
No telling what those freaks will do to her.
Scare him?
Then you kill him with this...
He killed me, too.
(laughs; nervous) Stupid?
They killed him.
It's a never ending cycle of terror up here at Crystal Lake -- a real problem.
I'm afraid the cafeteria is closed.
I'm afraid it's not that simple...
It's kill him!
Shut it off... it suddenly occurs to me that I hadn't really planned for that contingency.
Do you hear me?
You should be worrying about your- self...
Your mother's been worried sick, Meagan.
I'm still asleep!
Oh I'm so scared, honey.
Oh, Meagan... you're sick.
So that's where they're hiding.
In my left corner, weighing in at only ninety seven pounds... the nightmare master himself!
(whispering) You missed mommie... worried when I didn't come down... my baby... so sweet.
(shaking) Maurice, can we go into the dining room?
This is a ghost town.
Are you firing me?
He can crawl on his hands and knees to China if that's what he wants to do.
You can change.
Let the poor thing go quietly.
Why so evasive?
The ball was pitched -- Isaac hit the ball hard.
Which hospital?
How serious is it?
Can it kill me?
(scared) I suppose I over did it.
We operate.
The walk is over Uncle Maurice.
Actually, I'm not worried about my career right now... I'm more worried about how you're getting me out of here?
The police are here.
I'm simply saying that if I was scratching, and if I did scratch, it's not because I was signaling the cop, it's because I'm fuckin' scared shitless.
A GHOST!!! Shit, I started to get worried.
Cops.
Sorry, I need everybody.
She's dead?
How'd she die?
(in a baby talk voice) Aww-w, whatsa matter, is the little baby too afraid to go into the big scary bar?
I'm lookin' scared?
Scarred for life, that's how I am!
And when I do, I'm going to be dangerous.
But if we're gonna go at 'em, we gotta go at 'em now.
I didn't say weird, I said scary.
I'm scared... Why?
Why are you scared, honey?
Did you hear that?
Hatred and fear are part of the same pathology - oh, but I forgot, you don't think they're crazy.
Are they dead?
16c, are afraid of your parents?
Working through our fears, conquering them, is how we get better.
So I want you to tell me... What scares you?
I'll tell you what scares me if you tell me what scares you.
I've been afraid of hornets ever since.
Everybody has fears.
How did he die?
It was an accident.
He was scared.
He came out of that room with her, Mike, and he was scared.
He said she threatened him.
There were no calls from your house.
To kill her.
Hell.
Damnation.
Whatever you're afraid of.
I, ummm... You're scared.
I'm scared... Emily?
Kill her?
Do you hear me?!
I hear you.
I'm Burke.
(nervous) How about 'big weird thing'?
Hear me out...
(to Burke) What about you?
And it'll be the best thing in the world for you to face this fear and beat it.
(soothing) Poor thing.
The 'maze'?
You gotta go with its energy.
The aliens paralyzed the colonists, carried them over there, cocooned them to be hosts for more of those... Which would mean lots of those parasites, right?
Burke!
You've been doing your homework.
Emergency venting.
I'm afraid so.
Mommy...mommmyyyyy... Mommy...I mean, Ripley...I'm scared.
He's dead.
Burke!
Emergency.
I'm sorry if I gave you a scare but that platform was just becoming too unstable...
Are we going to sleep now?
The pane weighs 200 pounds, the building's 1100 feet high.
And you're off to...? Oh, that's highly personal.
Do you hear me?
And change.
That's entrapment.
Baker, this is an extremely dangerous g... ...right now, you're more dangerous than he is.
That we are stealing.
I thought of knocking on your door... Oh, I wish you had.
For a confession.
You're a cop.
What's unhealthy.
I thought I was in charge of this operat... You're in charge of ego and worrying.
Is still.
Missing.
Is still in there.
You're a cop.
Tho I'm afraid your Colonel may be in for a career disappointment.
Entrapment.
Is what robbers.
I want her ass covered, 24 hour protection, but I don't want her to know there is any real danger.
Discourage it.
I thought this was down... Are you nervous?
He's in jail!
We've got a scared witness and a suspect who proved "good will" by turning himself in.
We'll see the house another time, okay? (trying to recover) No! No! I'm sorry.
Where the hell have you been?
(frightened) What do you want?
You put me life in danger.
What did you watch?
Shooting.
Shooting?
What...? (frightened) What?! Hello?
She's outside.
It's pitch dark in here!
Hi? -_ Oh -- You scared me, Mr. Faber.
(beat) I'm sure this will amuse you; I'm scared of the dark.
We broke up.
Tell me about acting -- what are you doing tomorrow -- where do you go? (manages, barely) I go on rounds.
You said that just to keep me scared.
(pause) You were scared.
Arlyn Page, that scared you.
(beat) And usually they're nervous and that's all right, too, because you're not; you know this thing.
He killed himself?
No, you're frightened, you're pretending.
Some weekend tramp accidentally goes swimming too far, she's a little drunk, a fishing boat comes along -- Remember when Fred Ganz went scalloping in his BVD's?
That's disgusting!
A shark's attack is stimulated by the kind of splashing and activity that occurs whenever humans go swimming -- you can't avoid it!
Now hear this.
Nowadays, these kids are afraid to go out without depth finders, radar, radio, electric toothbrush, every stupid thing... (to Brody) Get a fresh barrel.
Watch your hands -- (suddenly to Brody) Grab onto this! (to Hooper) A marlin, or a stingray.
(suddenly, pointing) Over there!
Stop.
That was when I was most frightened of all -- while I was waitin' for my turn.
Watch for him!
You can hear it.
It's this abandoned place outside of town.
It's isolated.
It really means they're nervous, and people get nervous for all sorts of reasons.
Kill him.
LEONARD (cont'd) The police report mentioned the drugs found in the car outside my house.
He's a cop.
A cop?
(anxious)							 * What do you want?
(sudden fear) Wait! Did he tell you what I was bringing?
* I should kill you.
Is it me, or are you this nervous around all women?
Are you so superstitious?
To call a person superstitious is to imply they fear magic, but not all magic is black.
If I run in fear, it is worthless.
Why did you move the body, Doctor?
Can you show where the body lay?
Having trouble sleeping?
Are you saying I should be frightened?
There is a danger that our crops will rot.
I hear him.
Do you hear?
Do you hear?!
The next moment, I found my infant son was dead, with the blood welt on his breast.
Spiders.
I was getting worried.
I cut my hand this morning: I sewed it myself, but I am afraid it will go bad.
How did you hear this?
He killed her...
Stop this!
The next person to lay hands on me will have a bullet.
(of the wind) He rides tonight.
Nervous?
...Apprehensive.
Oh, here we go again.
This was the third such attack in the past month and while an extensive police operation is underway... no arrests have yet been made.
What if they're dangerous?
So I'm afraid... Well don't be, I got plenty more where this one came from.
You dropped this.
But he broke me of that.
Broke you?
(suddenly serious) You shouldn't let him do that to you... Do what?
I'm scared.
I don't want him in here... (beat) Do it Adele... Now! What's your name, boy? (very scared) Walter Livesy.
Where you from Walter? (nervous shake) Vernon, Florida.
This ain't going to give me nightmares, is it?
There ain't nothin' for you to be afraid of.
That frightens me.
I'm afraid she's right.
Stop it.
I was dead asleep.
What is your suspicion?
We all fear death and question our place in the universe.
A minor one but that accounts for the anxiety of my dream.
Last night I dreamed I ran out of zithromax - and then I went to the dentist and there was no novacaine - these people have no antibiotics - 70 70 What are you talking about?
Sorry, didn't mean to scare ya.
The only thing that scares me, Mister O'Connell, are your manners.
And did I panic?
Slow down!
Ya scared the bejeezus out of us, O'Connell.
I've had worse.
Egypt is in my blood.
There is a curse upon this chest.
Yes, they never used it because they feared it so.
For you have unleashed the creature that we have feared for more than four thousand years.
Is that my problem?
He's afraid of cats, what's that about?
Imhotep will fear them until he is fully regenerated, and then he will fear nothing.
By killing everybody who opened that chest and sucking us dry!
Who opened that chest?
Immune from what?
Kill them.
Is it dangerous?
Stop it!
You'll kill them!
Those slimy things, in your stomach?
Go away.
I'm afraid the biopsy showed it's cancerous.
It appears to have spread... to the large hilar lymph nodes in your chest and liver.
Oh God, I worry so much about-- Oh here we are... What have you got in there?
The CIA? No. KGB? (Oliver shakes his head, no) SLA? (no) PTA? (no) BMW?
You're worried you can't trust me because you don't know who I am.
Oh, my stomach.
That's why I worry about you.
I heard that if a man hasn't had sex with another man, he's always afraid of gay men.
You know, they're a threat.
I didn't want you to feel threatened, I don't want to have sex with you.
He's that bad?
Killing myself.
Now I have to kill you.
I was nervous, and excited.
I was afraid it would look funny.
Chest... Chest?
(eating) Hmmm.
Revenge.
(whispering) Shit! (loudly, panicked) Uh yeah... hold on, mom.
I see we're still dressing in the dark, Eugene.
Plague!
You lay a finger on her and I'll kill you.
Are you crazy?
...and attacked the Ellingson's computer network.
Hackers are a grave threat to the national security.
Beat that!
You hear what I'm doing?
(beat) What?
Do you have change?
Wake up!
(panicking) Jesus Christ! (slapping his face) Don't do this to me.
(furious) Oh, God, Basquiat, you scared the shit out of me.
I missed you.
I gotta go pee.
Poor thing has a little dick.
I gotta go.
(nervous laugh) I hate this.
That I got sick of.
And when they messed with him he couldn't fight back, 'cause he was just... like scared.
Need a new ball.
The Titan of Terror!
Some people say they all got away, and were just so scared that they ended up in insane asylums and stuff.
Oh my God! He's drowning!
He's gonna go, Benny.
He's... gonna... go... riiiight... now.
Yeah-yeah, it's an omen.
That's what the omen was.
Most people either never take the chance 'cause they're too scared, or they don't recognize it when it spits on their shoes.
You afraid we're gonna steal it?
I'm not gonna let him kill you in my house.
(noticing Zeus) My poor baby! (to Theo) You see what you did? (he picks up the ball) Take your ball and get out.
You shouldn't listen to her, she's a nervous old Nellie.
(the place grows silent) My dentist told me this one the other day: How many bowlers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Guard it.
(in deadly serious) Theo, I want you to get out of this town.
I'm afraid I only have five on me.
It wouldn't bother you if Buzz was in danger, would it?
What are you afraid of?
I'm afraid you'll hurt him.
Hello there, stranger.
I still am.
(he looks at Deirdre, and suddenly he's deadly earnest) What did we steal?
Now, what did we steal?
(in Russian, English subtitles) Is it done?
What you should do is wait for my next phone call.
I quite liked you, I'm sorry to have to do this.
It means I was worried that all the time you spent away from the fold might have affected you.
The Russian would be easier.
I do dark ops.
Dark ops? Dark operations.
(suddenly sharp) Enough!
Why, I'm here to see my partners, Gregor, the boys in the Russian Mafia.
A hunter.
Sinful.
What about the a case?
It's endangered.
It is... Suddenly, there's movement in the bushes.
JACK is in dark glasses.
Now she's anxious.
There's no need to worry.
He swings the wheel suddenly to avoid a large boulder and the Citroen pitches as if struck by a wave.
There are vipers!
Watch.
Prison?
(a little afraid) You better take me home, now.
(chagrined at her fear) Where you been keeping yourself?
Slept out by the car.
(he is playing it cool, knowing she is scared.
Four of them and over here the desks and what have you... Why, Clyde... Hmmm??
(to the guard, who has practically frozen in fear) Next time I'll aim a little lower.
And suddenly I was starin' into the face of death!
Slow down.
(in a panic) Step on it, Velma, step on it!
(amazed and a little frightened) Jesus, I don't know...There!
You're hurting me, I was just scared is all...and my mama's been on my mind, and she's gettin' so old... Boy, don't ever leave without sayin' somethin'.
You really scared me, Bonnie.
...you know, Clyde, I read about y'all in the papers and I'm jes' scared.
Half his head blown off.
(in the headlights) ...light hurts so bad... (clinging) Please, please get us to a doctor!
We'll die here.
He's dying!
(nervously) What?
I don't see what's so bad about it... (quietly, but suddenly, his voice muffled by the handkerchief) Blanche Barrow.
Buck said we was just goin' to visit, we wouldn't be doin' no robbin' and stealin', and then we went to Joplin and all of a sudden they started shootin'.
(hysteria begins to creep into her voice as she relives it all) And we run off, God, I was scared.
(we can see his own fear) ...the law.
(suddenly) Bonnie?
The only thing worse than a visit to the dentist is one to the censor.
My only worry is that playing Norman might cut too close to home.
Until Alma finishes the revisions.
Hello, stranger.
Where have you been hiding yourself?
Are you going to get that?
What's the verdict?
Spoken like a spook..you ever afraid?
(nervous, she's heard Billy too) What race are we talking about?
I'm not going to miss it.. Chimera attacking human blood.. ETHAN (cont'd) Bellerophon attacking Chimera.. Ambrose obviously got these from Nekhorvich on the plane.
Alert.
Just..trying to keep you from getting hurt, that's all.
All we've got to worry about is Ambrose.
Risky.
The blood's loaded with Chimera.
Slow down!
You should have killed me.
By fire.
(worried) So what did he say?
(lights a smoke) That's scary shit.
Socialize.
What are you -- Watch out!
Stop.
Well, it's just that the cavalry used to always threaten the Lakota.
It is his blood -- the same blood that spilled on the grass and snow at Wounded Knee -- that runs through your heart like a buffalo.
You have a fever.
This -- (shows a scar) was Sioux Falls.
What the hell were you doing out there?
(half asleep) Come on here, Suga... UNCLE ELROY (cont'd) I like it rough now.
It's me! Wake up! (half asleep) Ohhh, baby!
Are they still out there?
(hitting it good) Sorry, dude.
Watch this.
You're scaring our company.
You hear me?
I hope you don't think I'm crazy, but I just had to come in here and show you I ain't scared of yo' punk ass brothers...and you wouldn't have be scared of 'em neither if you had a man like me in yo' life.
You so nervous, I already locked this door.
Hear what?
Go to the body!
He's got seventy hostages.
It will involve a high degree of risk.
But if we succeed Carlos won't be a threat to anyone anymore.
What did Darth Vader say to Luke? Come over to the dark side?
But you don't... because you're afraid it would cost you what... your wife, your family, your self respect maybe... ...You know what Carlos would do if he was married?
(scared) What the fuck are you doin'?
The waiting is more dangerous to you than going to Libya.
It will hit you all of a sudden and you'll think your heart's going to jump out of your chest, you'll think everyone around you can hear your heart beating, and that everyone around you is an enemy agent.
He got off the plane, went to his hotel, went up to his room and had a nervous breakdown.
I want you to know that so when it hits you, you don't panic, you feel the fear and then get rid of it.
You won't be able to go in with a gun... too risky... so we're going to have to get one to you once you're in place.
Why should they it was their operation.
It would have been too dangerous.
We have word he's planning another attack in Europe.
Kill him.
I couldn't bear the thought of you and the children being in that danger.
as they transform and attack the crows nest.
She likes him but doesn't want to go too far) I was afraid you'd be trapped outside the city walls.
Crawl, slave!
I fear the wounds are... (he can't finish what he's going to say) AND OTHER AUTOBOTS as they react.
Beat it!
We should rule.
He attacks Blitzwing.
I'm more worried about where it's going!
And it's attack... Jazz! Cliffjumper!
Suddenly it is pulled deep into Unicron.
And what are we going to do when we get there?
Yeah, how'd you beat them?
Suddenly, Galvatron's body begins to twist, and he writhes in pain.
Watch.
Suddenly, the Sharkticons transform to their vicious mode and lunge at them.
Stalk him.
The Quintessons start to flee, but it's clear that the Sharkticons, who climb over the stacked bodies of other Sharkticons, are going to catch them.
But what about our problems.
Amigos, buddies and side kicks, Breep drit, aw rootie!
I now possess that which you most fear.
Transforms to Cannon and fires up at... ... A bright panel on Unicron's chest... Patented enamel resists fire, rain and corrosion.
Is suddenly struck by a ray from Unicron's eye, and half of it is knocked off.
It is strange that we should find ourselves as allies... Suddenly, his body is violently twisted, and his arms are almost broken off.
Gasps.
It looks too dangerous.
Why have we stopped?
of... of debaucheries, it's her.
It's the usual anxiety.
Was she drowned?
Whose boat is that?
Did you hear that?
We were beginning to get worried about you, too.
Disappeared?
She was a little nervous... dark-haired ... with a kerchief around her head?
What movement, what disorder!
And why did you drop them?
Patrizia, I'm afraid.
More or less, we are all afraid.
I'm afraid that Anna has come back.
I'm a dangerous man.
Who the hell is that?
Who died?
Watch.
What?? Where'd you hear that?
The Praying Mantis school, in Bejing?
We're slowing down.
What the hell is that?
But it's too bad!
I wanted to help him, to share with him, but he was too afraid of change.
Don't let it frighten you.
Here, now go away.
I'm afraid they cleaned you out.
I'll owe you.
Will she die?
Never been so scared in my life.
Strangers.
And how are we threatening your miracle?
Some see that as a lifetime of drowning, of fear, others only to endure, but to triumph.
I was afraid.
I'm going on the streets tomorrow.
That's robbery!
Where the hell you been?
This was one of the worst one's we had and Bryant was worried.
Police.
You scared me.
Is that why you're still here?
Are you apprehensive?
That's okay, I'll get it... Do I make you nervous?
Excuse my niece there... She's studying for an exam.
Drop it!
Painful to live in fear, isn't it.
But that's how it is to be a slave.
We were worried to death.
Well, you don't have to worry about getting it wrinkled.
Dead.
Death.
I'm afraid that's a little out of my...
But I'm afraid you're a Ferrari.
Defense!
What are we missing?
I know it all seems crazy, and maybe it did start out, you know, for the... for the sex and the danger.
I warned him.
You should stop her.
It's a travesty.
A travesty.
I'm... I'm shocked!
Whom should we "interrogate?"
This one would be really scary.
Don ' t worry.
.. don ' t worry. . .
Take as much room as you want I'm scared, Mr. M.
You here about the accident?
I'm a lawyer.
He beat her?
I'm on my way to work...I'm waving at them now...What's that noise?
I'm afraid this meat is overdone.
Rats!
I was in a panic.
(voice over) He surmised that there was a nest of baby black widow spiders in the mattress.
Klara was wild-eyed with fear, and her fear was contagious.
There was a lawyer there.
It was an accident.
(nervous) Oh.
He's a lawyer.
He's our lawyer.
He's your lawyer too.
My lawyer?
The lawyer.
He looked frightened.
Why would he be frightened?
Then suddenly Sean shrieked... Mommy! (voice over, from the court chamber) What happened then?
There was nothing for me to say to Billy, except I'm sorry.
It does concern me.
Until the accident?
She was okay, but it really scared Sean, because he watched it out the window.
I was scared.
Why were you scared?
Why were you scared?
I was scared.
I was scared.
And crashed.
Torture.
Revenge.
Giants.
Monsters.
Escapes.
(manages a shrug) It doesn't sound too bad.
I fear I'll never see you again.
His ship was attacked by the Dread Pirate Roberts, who never left captives alive.
She was frightened.
But I'm afraid you'll just have to wait.
Frankly, I think the odds are slightly in your favor at hand fighting.
(his arms never leave Fezzik's throat) Why is that, do you think?
Well ... (And now his voice is definitely growing weaker) ... you see, you use different moves when you're fighting half a dozen people than when you only have to be worried about one.
I'm afraid so -- I can't compete with you physically.
To the death?
(very nervous) You're just stalling now.
Disappeared.
(She wasn't and she shakes her head "no") You?
The man I inherited it from was not the real Dread Pirate Roberts, either.
You see, no one would surrender to the Dread Pirate Westley.
I mean, what are the three terrors of the Fire Swamp?
I'm swamped.
As Chief Enforcer of all Florin, I trust you with this secret: killers from Guilder are infiltrating the Thieves' Forest and plan to murder my bride on our wedding night.
(shaking his head) No! I'm okay.
(turning to Inigo and Fezzik) He's afraid.
I killed him myself.
(never more serene) Then why is there fear behind your eyes?
Second warning.
Who's missing?
Be leery out there.
I'm a raven.
Stop yelling at me! I'm sorry I had to do that, but you're panicking.
Why's he bleeding?
Stop.
Is that a threat?
It's a warning.
Lazy-Eye?
The fugitive!
Stop him!
Where's the scout she knifed?
Lazy-eye!
So unhealthy.
This hospital is a nightmare.
I've never been so scared in my life.
I've always been too scared to play a solo in front of people, but this year I've decided to do it.
Cause I'm gonna go.
I was fearless!
So, I took to the house.
(frightened) Yeah?
She missed out.
This place is creepy.
Hide what?
But we're soulmates.
I was just worried about you.
It's a shock.
Well, this crazy uncle, he grabs ahold of me, he starts shaking me by the lapels.
(his eyes glued to the screen) A bunch of grown men ... I got these pictures off my dentist.
(turning back to her wash) What are they going to do, get a little drunk?
The CPA exams.
Are you afraid of me? (getting a little shrill) What's the matter?
Yeah, I don't blame you, I'd be scared too like this.
Beat it.
Is that what he was yelling about?
Remember, you woke her up in the middle of the night and probably scared her to death.
It's just that I'm afraid I won't make a good husband.
Tell her you're scared, and that you don't think you'll make a good husband.
For every day the building goes unfinished, we'll take a finger... Pray, Mr. Clifford, you finish before the eleventh day... ay appears in the doorway, sweat cascading from his brow.
Sleep it off, whydontcha?
I was out of line.
Used to play at being a spider when I was a kid, creeping around silently.
I'm afraid I'm gonna need that payment up front.
You've done your homework.
He threatened to kill me if I told anyone... he court is on the verge of erupting into anarchy.
What the hell.
You hear that?
It was...it was an accident... Fakes, I'm afraid.
It was an accident... 03/22/2004 72.
Forensics finds the head trauma that killed Chad Borman was inflicted by a single blow from behind.
The crash.
She's gonna blow it... 03/22/2004 76.
He's dead.
You're trembling.
Slow down!
Just then, they approach the final threshold, a SENTRY guards an office marked: Olbricht stops, regarding the door with dread.
A great many of them may hate Hitler, but they all fear him - they fear Himmler, Goebbels, the whole of the Reich.
What's changed?
I'm afraid it's the only way.
Fear.
Anxiety.
None of my associates know we've been talking if that's what you're afraid of.
I warn you.
(suddenly nervous) Hold the line.
Beat.
What about his risk?
He did his part and now you're abandoning him.
What does he have to lose?
They are joined by Beck, coming the other way, wearing a plain dark suit.
Stauffenberg can see the private fear in beck's eyes.
The men in the room share nervous glances.
Dismissed.
You are right to be nervous.
BANG.
You're under arrest.
The last note goes on as if it might play forever... Until suddenly it dips and we realize we are no longer hearing music at all, but the urgent wailing of an air-raid siren - the warning of allied bombers coming to deliver their nightly assault on Berlin.
Watch.
I'm terribly sorry guys...It's just that he was terribly frightened.
You'll scare Teresa if you try to sneak in.
What the hell is this.
That kid was scared.
(avoiding the issue) 'But I say to you, love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who persecute...' I'll tell you who you can pray for... Next payday, I'll be at Tony's Place...Johnny better show or I find him and break his legs...and I mean it.
What are you...crazy?
Hey...don't do that...I'm only scaring them.
Watch this.
Killed himself.
I know it's early yet but I'm just getting worried that's all... Charlie...I've got to see you.
Your cousin here was getting sick, worrying about you.
You threaten me with my uncle?
Nervous?
I'll fix you up, call you a doc, but I ain't gonna walk into a bunch of knives for ya.
(suddenly afraid again) What do we do?
You gonna have a go here?
Aw come on, it was the only thing to do.
I shoulda let ya go and gotten yourself arrested for passin' false notes.
If I'da been half as scared a that lop-ear, I wouldn't a fallen asleep on 'em.
(pointing through the door) You manage the building at the end of the alley?
(nervous as hell) Names's Joe Eirie.
He threatened to kill me.
(sliding out of his booth and into Lonnegan's) I was afraid you weren't gonna come.
(worried) That's not where we want him to sit.
We risk our whole operation for nothing.
You hear that!
You hear that!
What the hell for?
Just a little nervous, that's all.
(in utter horror) On the nose!
You hear me?
It's too dangerous for him.
You're such a retard!
It was awful.
Wake up!
A monster.
Awww, you need a change, don't you honey?
Whoa! Didn't mean to scare you, Evan.
Oh, comme si, comme ca, you know... No, Evan.
Shoot.
You're bleeding!
Lay off the blow.
Why would that freak me out?
(panicked) Did you see who did this?
Frat house?
Marks, scars, I dunno.
Stop it.
You can drop it now.
Stop!
Stop him.
Stop him.
What the hell is that?
They say they're under attack.
I'm Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise.Doctor Tolian Who attacked you, Doctor?
I thought you've always been afraid it would overload your neural net.
Doctor... we're still conducting an investigation into the attack.
I'm afraid I can't just leave it at that.
Will that be a danger to him?
I'm afraid the Doctor is no longer aboard our ship.
(suddenly enthusiastic) Yes!
He's failed.
And frankly, I think the galaxy owes me one (beat) I was like you once... so worried about duty and obligations that I couldn't see anything past this uniform.
We'd crush you.
We were afraid you wouldn't come.
After that I was helpless.
Why did that stop?
There are worse things than blood tests.
God, who dreams up these nightmares?
Keep the pressure on!
Hang on!
Shake out the liquid.
We're too steep!
Why? That's not -- Where is it?! Uh, it's close... Damn it, how close?! (shaken) I-I don't know.
The hell I do.
I was afraid I was just suffering from a form of asphyxia.
That noise from the Face... It's not a signature.
How close do we need to get?
(stunned) What?
And they can fly.
It was an accident.
I gotta go!
I GOTTA GO!
Oh, there we go!
We don't need to fight them, we need to scare them.
You young'uns worry about weapons, I'm thinkin' 'bout strategy.
There's a small room off the kitchen where I can lay down.
Um-hmmm.
"Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway."
I am sorry, I ramble when I'm nervous.
It stopped.
Stop!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it!
They have a bomb shelter.
Stop!
Hawk?
(panicked) Gone!?
Change?
Weird... Peeeyeewww!
You disgust me!
I'm afraid our constipated little friend is right this time, Trip.
(with trepidation) Yeah.
Not one among them appears to possess the love and fear of God...
Beth, I am not letting you wander the streets of Detroit after dark.
We need to be getting back on the road.
But I'll be here for a while if you scare up the extra gravy.
Hawk.
You're up, Hawk.
So my suggestion is, think about why you're a C and let your body party, shake your groove thing, boogie oogie oogie till you just can't boogie no more.
I have a confession.
I've just always been too scared to show it.
If you was a guy, we woulda thought nothin' of sawing your head off with a butter knife.
Obviously no one you have to worry about... Woody.
You had me worried to death!
Initiating exam of a wooden crate.
You've got a lot of people worried, Frank.
"I fear the Greeks even when they bring gifts."
Gotta go.
We will cover him while he neutralizes the' chemical threat.
Stop.
Cottonmouth snakes.
The morgue?
(beat) We are at war with terror.
Listen, the train just got in, I'm afraid I'm going to be a few minutes late.
What's, what's the problem?
Can you hear me?
The grave.
A big problem... Oh, yeah?
Please, please, trust me.
Is there a problem?
I'll kill her myself.
Did you hear me?
Did you lose him?
I have a problem.
You were very nervous.
(alarmed) Where is he?
This is the Government.
U.S. Gummint offers this house to any Cuban pilot flying Migs for the Rebels who chooses to defect to America with a Russian jet.
We know they ain't gonna run off with no planes -- but the Rebs don't -- They're scared.
I talk in my sleep?
No, no... the arms shipment has been delayed in New Orleans because Jimmy is getting nervous.
(moves the camera slightly) We got the smoke.
It's a little dangerous looking for Jazy at the moment.
(mock heroic) Ah, danger -- I love it.
I'm going to blow his head off.
Russell... it's more dangerous being with you than being alone.
Is the war over?
Stop it.
I didn't mean to scare you.
(concerned) No, you're scared of me.
That's the day I realized that there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid.
(suddenly) Oh my God.
Killed him.
What? (nervous) I've been too embarrassed to bring her over.
You are so busted.
--disinvesting problems of their power, and removing their ability to make us afraid.
(suddenly) I've gotta go to the bathroom.
The only thing that really worried me was the ether.
He's a foreigner.
Are you prejudiced?
There is no way of explaining the terror I felt.
But when I mentioned Savage Henry he freaked!
You scared the shit out of those people!
Sorry, full house.
Where's the ether?
A drug person can learn to cope with things like seeing their dead grandmother crawling up their leg with a knife in her teeth but, nobody should be asked to handle this trip.
I think I'm getting The Fear.
That's what gives me The Fear.
You're doomed.
(laughs) Why worry?
The cops?
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.
BEWARE.
Naw! They'll climb right into your bedroom and sit on your chest with big Bowie knives.
He's one of these Satanism freaks.
I didn't dare turn the creep down.
These were not the hoof prints of your normal god-fearing junkie.
Her eyes were turgid with fear, but her brain was functioning on some basic motor survival level.
We had abused every rule that Vegas lived by -- burning the locals, abusing the tourists, terrifying the help.
I'm gonna go wait in the car.
Is it an accident?
Did you hear me!
Stop it!
Did you hear me?
He was in the war?
Freak... Hey, what's up?
You fall asleep down there?
I saw something on Sam's wrist the other night... it looked like a scar.
Are you scared?
When he died.
If I had kids, I'd be worried sick about `em in a world like this.
I was worried.
Well, don't jump down my throat.
For a while I was a professional circus freak.
But from my new vantage point I realize that love is nothing more than a messy conglomeration of need, desperation, fear of death, insecurity about penis size, and the self-involved, ego driven need to collect other people's hearts.
N'est- ce pa? (sighing, running her fingers along his chest) I love chest hair on a man.
(slow.
(choked) Gotta go.
We still have you and I.
(panicking) We need a flag.
Why the hoods?
They will push forward and keep on attacking...
The civil war began on April 12. 1861 when the rebs attacked Fort Sumter.
And most of them die.
If you do this, they will kill you.
I will stop them.
(subtitles) I would be afraid to die in battle.
The poor thing's just scared.
Jack! Did I scare you Miss Bryant?
Anyway wouldn't your mom worry about you?
Massive internal trauma.
Wake up.
It's just shock.
I'm afraid the viewing isn't until-- I'd need to see her now.
For your coffin.
Am I a ghost?
I'm scared.
I'm so scared.
Why do we die?
You're frightened by it.
I was scared too the first time.
I'd wake up.
Then wake again.
Yes you do! You're just too scared to admit it to yourself.
I was scared.
You get hurt.
You all say you're scared of death.
But the truth is you're more scared of life.
What do you mean? (suddenly worried) Uh... I'm not supposed to talk about it.
Wyborne! (under his breath, nervous) Grandma!
Uh, it's poison oak.
But then we had the accident.
Mom?! What are you doing here in the middle of the night?
Oh, the mud... It's gone, my poison oak, it's gone!... Huh?
Oh... Caroline, Caroline, Caroline; you are in terrible danger.
See? Danger!
(to herself) Danger?
None of the ghosts can.
Huhhhhhh... So, uh, I really need to get that doll?
And, and the eyes of the ghost children.
Where are they - the ghost eyes?
You're in terrible danger, girl!
DAVID shakes hands with LOREN and RACHEL Loren.
(GROANS) You fucking scared me Don't I always say call me first if you're coming into town?
It's a nightmare.
One of Sissy's sleeves rolls down to her elbow, as she casually puts her hand under her chin, charmingly tilting her head - revealing a cross stitch of scars, the trail of self harm laced up her arm.
You miss them?
(LAUGHS) are you nervous?
Why would I be nervous?
You look a little nervous.
Tries again- This is Sissy..leave a me- BRANDON is running now, heart beating fast now, breath quickening, a seeping panic threatening to unleash- Shit! SUDDENLY he makes a dash for it, weaving through the sidewalk at pace.
He is already pulling out his keys and pushing them into the door with growing dread- The sound of running water from the bathroom.
BRANDON, eyes falling on the scars covering her arms.
He reaches out a hand, on the edge of touching them, letting his fingers hover over them until finally- A FINGER lightly outlines a snaking scar seeping up her arm.
As he instinctively looks up to respond, a mixture of surprise, fear, excitement and doubt across his face.
I was watching.
Fear keeps us alive Eep.
Yes! Her last moments of terror still frozen on her face.
Fire.
You're grounded.
Watch, okay.
It was dangerous.
You want to see dangerous?
Stop!
Hah! It's scared of the dark... wait... we're scared of the dark.
Drop it.
That thing is weird.
But, while everyone was asleep, she went out anyway.
And die.
Eep, looks dangerous.
I'm freaking out a little bit.
Is that a snake?
It's my job to worry.
It's too risky.
Dad, I'm scared.
Dad! Grug! Ahhh! Where's the danger?
Stop!
I warned him.
You warned him.
You are under arrest.
It is poison, isn't it?!
What is it, Edgar?! (turns to her) Get your big butt back in that house!
What kind of "new arrival" would scare Redgick so bad that he'd risk a warp jump with a newborn?
Puts some fear into her.
I started with the lesser curvature of the stomach -- though, if you want, we could begin at the gastro-esophageal junction.
(freaked out) No... Excuse me.
Far -- freaking -- out.
(as if awakening) Uh, hi, whoever you guys are, I'm afraid I'm going to need to see some ID if you're going to be in the morgue, okay?
You get a series four de-atomizer and I get a "Noisy Cricket?!" (looks at the gun) I'm afraid I'm going to break it.
You sorry little ingrates!
Stop it.
Well, back to work.
What are you, afraid of me?
Kay, you're scaring your partner.
I think it's asleep but it's been there for days.
I think it's asleep but it's been there for days.
On the ground!
You send anyone near this building and I'll kill the first person I lay my hands on.
The police!
It's dangerous.
[Why are you such a pessimist?]
Because we'll need them as hostages when we get on the plane.]
[Are you afraid I'll tell these people that this is only a day job for you?] [What?
[The police!
In many countries scars on the face are a symbol of heroism.
I'll kill you.
I'm watching.
He'd swallowed his own tongue... Chilton is scared stiff the family will file a civil rights lawsuit, and he's trying to blame it on you.
But you're still in command of the task force, and Lecter's plane can still be ordered back.
Still dark.
I was so scared to look inside - but I had to...
Down on the floor, hands and legs spread, move it.
(then, noticing) Oh, Nelle, you poor thing.
I think I scared a friend of yours this morning.
That's horrifying.
Alright, one more shake.
She's scared of me.
He's desperately lonely, frightened...
What is your verdict?
I was terrified -- I'd scream my head off -- till finally I'd collapse on the carpet next to the door and fall asleep.
You had me worried.
We have nothing in the house.
What was he in jail for?
When did you hear?
"Truman Capote read last night before a packed audience from his non-fiction book IN COLD BLOOD."
They're torturing me.
Kill her.
You haven't paid your debts.
Are you scared?
Watch it!
How are we going to get out there?
You'll die!
You'll die!
Kill him!
Get back here, Rool! Ouch!
(exasperated) But what am I gonna transform?? Me! You?
Ouch!! Shhhhh!
We need blood.
The war is here!
Now change me.
Attack!! Sorsha.
Kill them both!
Are you going to abandon her? Come on, Madmartigan.
You and I are warriors.
Surrender!!
And who will stop me?
*Stop!
It's bad.
You get nightmares.
Yet of the all the witches in Alabama, there was one who was the most feared.
Your mother was worried we wouldn't talk again.
He's still here.
I got the snake.
Hello?! There's leeches in there!
Stop.
This here is the ocean, and you're drowning.
Stop it!
Too scared to fight back?
Who the hell are you?
The War.
It was during the war.
But then you hear it again and suddenly it's new.
So... what's your dark secret?
Are you going to tell me your deep dark secret before we have sex?
Later she had a nervous breakdown, quit her job, then moved in with her sister who she despised.
icki is visibly shaken.
You should be shocked.
I've changed.
You're scared.
I fell asleep.
We should go before it gets dark.
It's getting dark.
(thick Russian accent) Ivana Humpalot.
Smashing!
Smashing!
Smashing!
(turning stiffly to face Basil) I took a Viagra and it got caught in my throat.
Oh, and Austin-- (now with phlegmy throat) Basil!
How are we going to get out of here?
I'm wounded.
I've changed.
The world is in danger.
We will have lift-off in T minus 10 seconds... 9... 8... etc. Felicity, if you get frightened, just hold my hand.
To be honest it was terrifying.
I'm sorry, Comrade Teacher.
That was bad.
I flew across the room and dented the sheetrock in the kitchen.
I had this case.
I didn't want to cross the border armed.
Let me go and be non-threatening.
How did he drown?
He changed.
How dangerous is he?
Watching.
He should be a cop.
It's okay to be scared.
Scared?
I'm off-the-charts terrified.
Stop it!
(shivers) He said he was going to blow out my spine.
But head games are dangerous.
Stop that.
To my grave.
Police emergency.
And a thief.
Has he changed?
NIKI's car is catapaulted forward violently, the wheel-spin leaving livid black scars on the asphalt.. NIKI gets away first.
NIKI's eyes widen in horror, with another car bearing down upon him... No...! The oncoming car crashes head-on into our car, "Crash", a sickening, terrifying impact.
Burning smoke fills his helmet, scarring his lungs... Pandemonium: commentary in different languages as panicked TV commentators helplessly describe what's happening.. NIKI's POV: he can just make out the barely recognizable figures of the other DRIVERS rushing towards NIKI.. Their hands get burnt in the flames as they try unsuccessfully to undo NIKI's seatbelt.. Fire extinguishers blast at the car.
Dark hair.
That was my line!
We'd have crashed..!!
My grandfather was a businessman, my father, too... NIKI is in front of a mirror, and dresses smartly in a jacket, and open necked shirt, evidently a little nervous...
NIKI goes to shake hands with the MECHANICS... OK.
But when they behave like a frightened child.. MARLENE gets to her feet... C'mon, let me do this.
And the open-topped sports car lurches into warp-drive... MARLENE is thrown back hard in her seat, "Jesus", her eyes widen in terror and amazement.. Oh, my God...!!
Against the rules.
Accident.
It's not the burns to his face that are the danger.
And I'm being serious, too.
No! No! NO!!!! I'm sorry!
Stop!
(watching) You're anxious.
You're worried about the future.
You still have it.
(pause) You're full of stress.
You've had other problems.
I have trouble sleeping.
I was drowning.
Why all this concern?
Suddenly you care?
Two hours: where have you bee?
Am I in danger?
We were worried.
Can I crash here?
It's hideous.
Is he dangerous?
Everybody's dangerous.
She was afraid that was why you didn't come back.
Thinking's a fear of living, negative living; living's something else.
You're afraid.
Stop.
She scared me.
He was at the hospital.
(wary) Me? Yeah.
Stop it.
You change.
Toothache.
Where'd you get the blood?
Stop it!
Stop it!
You're a policeman.
Murderer!
Thief!
Destroy him.
He's crazy.
Scared.
(sings) "Ah, Rio, Rio by the seao, meo, myo, meo ... " (afraid of the scheme, afraid of the dance, afraid of Bialystock) Mr. Bialystock.
(his eyes widened in terror) You're going to jump on me.
(shouting and jumping up and down next to Bloom) I'm not going to jump on you! (rolling away in terror) Aaaaaaaaaa! (hoisting Bloom to his feet) Will you get a hold on yourself.
What are you afraid of?
I'm hysterical.
I'm having hysterics.
I'm hysterical.
I'm hysterical.
Oh, I'm sorry, Bialy, did I wet you?
(clutching Bialystock fiercely) Go, Bialy, baby, go! (slightly flustered) Go on with the concert!
I'm going to the Choreographer's Ball tonight.
Be brutal.
Be brutal.
Well, if you're so worried about the wig, get it, o' wicked witch of the west.
(casually shrieking) Well, Max, this is it!!! (whispers) I'm sorry, I'm a little nervous.
Relax, in two hours our worries will be over.
To failure!
You're acting out of panic... GIMME THOSE BOOKS!
I hear noise.
I'm a failure.
Just one, okay?... ...I gotta tell ya, I'm a little scared.
I mean we never done this before and I'm kinda nervous.
It's a police!
But now I was haunted by a vision of - He was horrible... ...a lone biker of the apocalypse... ...a man with all the powers of her at his command.
But I feared that I myself had unleashed him... ...for he was The Fury That Would Be... ...as soon as Florence Arizona found her little Nathan gone.
Damnit, are you boys gonna go chase down your leads or are you gonna sit drinkin' coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy ain't at?! Sir, there aren't any "leads" yet, aside from this coat- Gimme that!
Can I stop now?
But I fear that if I stay I would only bring bad trouble... ...on the heads of you and Nathan Jr.
...I'm your worst nightmare!
(frantically) I know you're worried honey but believe me, there ain't a thing to worry about.
Y'all hear that?
Y'all hear that?
My brother's a worry wart.
(beat) A word of warning.
A freak rainstorm downed him.
She was in a dangerous game, Steed.
Emergency alert ... A cyclone hit Banffshire last night.
Watch me.
He took a huge risk.
So I'm still ...
Under suspicion.
She's highly dangerous.
Surveillance?
Who's now vanished.
Limpet bomb.
Dead, I'm afraid.
Mrs. Peel is dangerous; she cannot be trusted.
(beat) Can you?
I'm afraid you still don't see ... Valentine Peel ... Yes, I remember him quite well ... This is where he used to spend his days.
The poor thing is quite fond of me.
They shit (plum) scared.
That doesn't mean he was a homo (freak), Miller.
Watch this.
I'm a lawyer, y'know, I need to hear these things, little boosts, helps allay my fears, I pass that piece of mind along to my partners.
Well, we were worried about dust and debris from the work being done ruining the cameras, so-- --so you shut them off?
It's urgent.
Is this an emergency?
We need to get to the penthouse level immediately.
Fucking things falling asleep... (over his shoulder) Vitoli, just sit tight for a second, I gotta make a phone call, figure this out...
(yelling) Jus' keep doin' y'damage girl, keep these mafuckas off my as-- (panic, into her IFB) We're out girl!
That I've survived bullets and frostbite and raging fever-- (holding up hand) missing fingers and every fucking imaginable horror in between?
Out of twelve shifts this month, you've been late for nine, sick four and that includes the shift where you came late and went home early.
He hears me.
(to Kanita) Didn't I tell you this guy was stressed out?
Stressed?
He's waking up again.
That they kill him.
Shock him.
Die! Who is it?
It was an accident.
Probation?
What line is he in.
That's too bad.
Oh, I think a shake-up was in order.
(more concerned about police presence) What did you tell them.
Rich people coming to him with their money, terrified of what people like you had left of this society.
(scared) What's going on?
The music suddenly STOPS.
More like Robert Downey, Jr. when he broke into that family's house and slept in the kid's bed like Goldilocks.
Where's the warden?
You've been watching.
Gavin sits at the piano, pecking out a haunting melody he's been fiddling with.
What's the line?
A beat.
237 237 238 238 When I get stressed out, I play videogames.
Your house is haunted by yourself?
Reality terrifies you.
I'm in a coma.
Weird that there's no cars.
Okay, confession.
My ex-boyfriend, the orc, he says, "What I like about you is that you're not so hot that I'm afraid of losing you."
x103 x103 Panicking, Mary calls out for -- Noelle!
You were my sister, my wife, my best friend... That's a little creepy.
I can feel my butt getting sore already.
An ear infection, chronic thing.
I'll miss you.
Barton, I'm afraid it's not a good time- Drown all those rascals... I'm sorry, I just feel like I know I shouldn't ask, I just need some kind of help, I just, I have a deadline tomorrow- I said drown 'em all!
If he quiets down, passes out... I'm afraid he thinks well, he said you were a buffoon, Barton.
Yes, I'm afraid I have.
Operator!
Fired.
There's a war on.
He fainted.
It's a poison ... Spitter!
Oh balls.
They're hunters.
They have come for the danger.
That's what I'm afraid of.
I don't want my grandchildren scared.
I'm afraid of the "animals".
Go away.
Watch this.
And going out with a big gun in the dark would be suicide Why don't you get some sleep, Dr. Wu? I'm just going to run a couple more tests and then I'm going to turn in myself.
Too scared.
I'm afraid there's no raft.
They failed me.
We were worried about you.
I over reacted.
We had a fight.
Why is the house so big?
You had her worried.
You disappeared.
People worry.
I didn't think Lucy would worry about me.
She hits the water, everything goes dark.
I'm sorry you slept out here.
Shoot it.
Death is beautiful because everyone fears death.
When you're scared it forces you to be completely aware of your surroundings and the moment you're in.
I beat myself up over you for years and I'm sick of it, I'm sick of chasing you down and worrying about you.
I would've done a longer set if that guy hadn't pulled a knife on the security guard.
I'm afraid so.
Fresh and organic, no need to panic!
But I am still here.
(suddenly scared) Where am I supposed to go?
With whiskers... and scars... the whole sha-bang.
Kill me?
Are you worried i'm going to embarrass you again?
No Harvey, I'm worried you're going to embarrass yourself.
There's a sudden rush at work, you know, a couple of big jobs in at once.
That was out of line.
(beat) But what can I do for you?
I'm afraid I'm not much of a reader.
Mum.
She worries about you?
What can I say... I'm afraid this is the only place left.
(beat) I'll be here.
(pulling away/can't help smiling) Sorry.
I'm afraid they're both out of order, Sir.
I've been under alot of stress, that's all.
(beat) And that's it.
I have lots of scars.
Jesus, man... I... I'm scared of the knife... Shit, I can't handle getting shots at the doctors, man, PLEASE...!
Wait...! I'm scared.
Nothing to be scared of.
Mom, no...! Look, I know you're afraid, that's the whole *point*, can you see that?
You gonna be afraid of things all your life?
I'm afraid rooting out double agents may have to wait.
The primary threat is the woman.
I'm frightened.
I'm about to faint...
You'll hear from me.
What are you, my shrink?
He's dead.
It's not your fault the gun accidentally went off in mid-air as you tripped and flew over the car.
Gotta go.
We evacuate.
Die.
Hey, gorgeous... know something... you got your mother's eyes... don't let... nobody tell you different... Scared... to be nobody... without a ripple... please... remember me... (beat) ...Love you... Um, Ma'am...? Ambulance is here.
Keep your foot on the pressure plate, nothing happens.
Today marks the beginning of a new era in South Africa --as President Mandela takes office in Pretoria, facing issues that range from economic stagnation and unemployment to rising crimewhile at the same time balancing black aspirations -- with white fears.
What's it going to be like now? Don't be so gloomy.
But if you are packing up because you fear that your language, or the color of your skin, or who you served previously, disqualifies you from working here now, I am here to tell you, have no such fear.
Am I under arrest?
It removes fear.
He's going to walk out, shake hands, walk back.
Stop him.
We prove that we are what they feared we would be.
This minority still controls the army, the police, and the economy.
But that will change.
Homework?
We'll miss him.
I'll threaten him with hospital if he doesn't behave.
Who is our opponent?
What the hell was that?
The idea is -- every driver is matched to his own avatar -- -- so their nervous systems are in tune.
Those savages are threatening our whole operation.
You're non-threatening.
You're making me nervous.
It's a territorial threat display.
I owe you.
They attacked me.
I've gotta go.
I'm there.Wake up!
We're a horror to them.
I gotta go.
Stop!
Outcast.
Alien.
I was afraid Jake -- for my people.
I will fly with you.
You hear me?
Fly!
There's an aboriginal horde out there massing for an attack.
Our only security lies in pre- emptive attack.
We will fight terror with terror.
Arming.
Dragon is down.
She coughs, tries to muffle the noise best she can.
The door across from her is slightly ajar... YOUNG WOMAN'S POV THRU DOOR - The Young Man dangles from the chains.
Suddenly, the Concealed Figure appears between the door and the Young Man.
Did he hear her?
A STEEL AXE/SICKLE hybrid (a scary, handmade invention), rusted, save for the razor sharp edge, sticks in a nearby wooden horse.
Revolver.
He's flying.
It'll be dark soon.
Also notice SCARRING around the left eye, there's no eyebrow and his skin is pale and splotchy.
Sheryl paws his chest, bites his lower lip HARD.
A SHADOW creeps into frame.
You gave me quite a scare.
I was kidnapped.
Sheryl pries her face from Clyde's chest.
I warned you.
Deacon grabs several different SCARY INSTRUMENTS OF TORTURE, tests them out.
Sheryl stares at Ida, terrified would be an understatement.
And now that Park Services and State Police are looking for us, you're starting to panic, MIKE (cont'd) knowing your whole plan's crumbling down before your eyes.
(To Ida STRONG) So you can stop spinning those fucking irons thinking you're scaring me, cause you're not.
Ida grabs a nearby knife, walks up to Sheryl.
My child, born in wedlock, saved from its sinner parents and raised to fear God and give him praise.
But you do, though, "Bites yer Legs".
They were just nervous.
It's the middle of the night.
DON REVIE's face, half-asleep.
Breathes a private sigh of relief.
The eldest is fast asleep, but the youngest says, `Dad?'
There's this bloke walking about in London, when all of a sudden, the city gets hit by a Russian `A' bomb.
CLOUGH's SON falls asleep.
The first is that his SON is already asleep.
CLOUGH's face: already fearing the worst.
A stranger.
CLOUGH and BAMBER shake.
Avoiding CLOUGH's eyes.
That coldness was there.
(eyes widen) Oh my god!
I gotta go.
You owe me.
Are these me considered armed and dangerous?
But dangerous?
(terrified) Uh.
Since the Iron Curtain has gone down, the Russian syndicates have started to come here.
The Russians are coming here anyway.
(viciously ties his hair back) Talk! Nervous?
(approaches Smecker) She was in here when it went down.
(beat) So what are you thinking, Russian retaliation?
Fled the scene.
Who were the victims?
He's scared of the kid.
You're amongst friends... Don't make this any more difficult than it already is... Y'hear me?... Y'hear me?... Colin?... Look at me... (Grudgingly) ...I hear you.
Knee-trembler! Polaroids?
You've ruined him!
You hear me?...
Fond) Yeah, she's alright... fine... doin' very well ... (SLIGHT PAUSE) `Ad a bit of a scare last week, though ...
She * fell outa bed, middle of the night!
I think we can take that as a 'No'!... Well we've learnt something ... Fear is stronger than love!
He was murdered!
(Shocked.
Devastated) ...
I was a bit nervous at first... fear of the unknown I s'pose... well you get set in your ways, don't ya... anyway, I like `er... like `er a lot- `s a nice feelin' -- an' she says she likes me an'' all!
I gotta go.
A name to fear.
I dunno about this... (worried) What will my mother think?
We HAVE to let him go! (worried) I'm not sure how Andy's gonna take this...
Oh no! Did he get hurt?
(nervous beat) But... Tony's not fitting in.
But "intriguing"... "mindboggling"... perhaps "headache-inducing"... sure.
It's obsessive.
An evil Russian!
Will you please shake hands, go to your corners, and come out wrestling.
Buzz off.
He'll kill you.
What a prick!
Go away.
Our first phone call!
That makes it weird!
Now those big white cells are attacking the cancer cells...
TONY CLIFTON (cont'd) "First I was afraid I was petrified.
Why are you shaking?
It is getting late, and your mother will be anxious about you.
My man is armed, and so am I.
No, I'm afraid mine are the O'Higgins of Watertown.
But we are not particular in Ireland on the score of neatness, hence the disorder of my bed-chamber did not strike me so much.
But, stop!
Take a warning from me, Mr. Roderick, and stick to the trumps.
Yes -- but I am afraid of being deceived.
I should fear poison, but then I know the wretch has a sordid interest in keeping me alive, and that my death would be the signal for his ruin.
A storm blows up and we're history.
Hell yeah.
What're you crazy?
Hell, yeah.
What the hell is that?
Sudden flashes of light.
Drowning.
But neither of us is gonna risk saving your ass down here if it comes to that.
It's not the weather I'm worried about.
You killed them.
Look - 1 - 2 - 3/4 - 5 - 6 - 7 .. I count eleven scars on this hand, and four that might be? .. Now I count em on my hand?
This girl's about 18? How come she's got so many scars?
I just had this insane idea - if I'm wrong, I'll take a week off and redecorate your entire house .. She's blind, Ross - that's why all the scars - hear that traffic light?
Dark hair.
.. What you gotta worry about is what Citrine believes .. But I can't help you with this.
.. Where's the body, and why's he hidden it?
And she's missing.
We stop this now.
He tells her, "bye-bye," and she gets "attacked."
Press.
Where's your watch?
I'm afraid it's the "van" again.
I'm sorry to worry you with this, but we had a real serious robbery, and we- 're chasing a white V.W. van?
That's the morgue.
(fighting off nausea) This... how long did this attack go on for?
I killed him.
Crocodiles.
It's too dangerous for-- I didn't fly up here to roast marshmallows-- You flew up here because your boss-- I am going out on that boat and why are you picking on me, is this some kind of-- hazing, new fingernails I'm not picking-- in the woods?
He drowns.
That was a bust.
It happened sudden.
And my parents wouldn't let me in the house 'cause they'd just bought all these new antique lamps and they were afraid I'd knock them over, made sense, and meanwhile, the neighborhood bullies would see my round little head on the ground looking like a ball, and they'd come rushing over to start up a game of soccer.
You know they say the brain confuses fear for passion.
When you get scared, the brain releases a chemical, same chemical it releases when somebody's... (a beat) in high school, the thing to do was to take the girl to a scary movie.
It's a crocodile.
(suddenly) Look.
Holy ghost.
(fear in his voice) No.
They'll kill him.
She's worried about the cow now.
He's dying.
Says here that the Russians exploded n A-bomb and there's not a damn thing we can do about it.
Huh? Russians exploded an A-bomb.
Risk money.
But maybe that was the instinct that kept me locked up in the barbershop, nose against the exit, afraid to try turning the knob.
The blackmailer.
...I'm ruined.
...It ruined me.
Holy-moly, do I got a headache.
You don't got a headache?
*That'll* flood it.
You crazy?
...Look, pal, it's a tough break, but, uh... well damnit, your wife's been pinched.
And homicide.
It titillates, it's open ended... ...And it makes *him* the bad guy-- ya dig around, ya never know, something unsavory from his past, he approaches you to help with the money, it's too late, his past comes back to haunt him, who's to say... ...Yeah.
...I sat in the house, but there was nobody there.
There are a lot of things that haven't worked out for me.
That's swell.
Phone call.
But chickens?
And get me in to the dentist.
You hear me?
Stop.
Why do they have to die for me?
Stop!
What's the verdict?
Your body chemistry and your exposure to the elements would normally lead to irritability, depression, anxiety, periods of self-reproach.
There was a coffin?
The plane went down.
I hear you.
He's in shock.
How bad is it?
But we also knew that we were creating for ourselves a world where we could be safe from the horrors of the forsaken lands beyond our borders.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Did you hear that?
In the war?
He's dangerous, he's a killer!
Solara goes against me, you get hurt.
You go against me, she gets hurt.
It's dangerous in the outland.
It can give them hope, it can terrify them.
You scared me!
How can it still be out here?
Does it look abandoned to you? No, sir.
Come on out with your hands up and your weapons on the deck and nobody needs to get hurt.
I've missed you.
It was Iris.
He stalks her.
He rapes her.
The thrill while he's killing her... is sent to her, heightening her fear... which in turn heightens the turn on for him.
It's the dark end of the street, Lenny.
She was murdered.
Mace, the guy had a knife.
Mace.
Lornette, when you gonna stop laying off everything on me?
She worse than you.
Our killer is running as scared as we are.
Judging by how scared I am.
It was scary, all that pain coming out of that little body.
Are we under arrest?
Urgent!
(shaken) Enterprise... what we got back didn't live long.
I'm afraid you'll have to double as Science Officer.
My wits! (to Kirk, indignant) As in 'frightened-out-of'...! (into intercom) Engineer... report status there.
Was he difficult?
You failed.
Our shields cannot handle another attack!
They may have attacked only as a warning to us, Captain.
McCOY (worried) Mr. Spock, be careful.
I'm afraid our hand is pretty weak, Captain.
slowing .
(its) (urging) ( .
It needed our mortality, the fear of it, our struggle against it, our fears, our dreams... ... and the 'foolish' emotions which drive us? (looks at Kirk; then) I prefer your poet Dante's phrase -- 'the divine restlessness of the human spirit.'
Here, look... Ekrem, take this... Ozim takes an open razor from behind a line of hair-tonic bottles and hands it to Ekrem, who now looks mortally terrified.
(startled) What?
And Ekrem snarls, flicks open the razor and drags it across Soyka's throat.
(Russian accent) Please...
We see blood trickling down her legs.
My dad was Russian.
This Muslim is scared of ghosts.
The police.
Albanians, Chechens, Russians.
Russian copy of BMW flat twin.
Helen enters looking anxious.
You hear me?
(in Russian) What's your last name?
Stepan, I think he was threatening to harm Christine.
You scared me.... What's wrong?
(in Russian) Kirill did the right thing.
Soyka was speaking to the Russian desk.
(whispers, in Russian) When I was in the KGB, we knew how to deal with scum like you.
Oh, and... your uncle.
For my brother... (in Russian) Guy out the back.
I fear you more than I fear them.
Mum...
(in Russian) What the hell is she talking about?
(in Russian) What did she say?! When he raped her she was a virgin.
(in Russian)) She's a civilian!
And that you were a thief.
(in Russian) What are you looking at? (in Russian) You.
Did you fight each other?
(in Russian) You'll have a drink, Yuri... (in Russian) I don't drink on duty.
(in Russian) I've told you, I am half Russian.
(in Russian) Then have half a drink.
(in Russian) He sits there like a vampire.
(in Russian) What, you are afraid of needles, Semyon?
I am afraid of... conspiracies.
To poison me.
They took blood from me with a needle.
It's What happened to the patient with the knife cuts?
Suddenly fireworks begin to burst over the Thames.
Smashing!
Smashing!
How's your mum?
It says here, name Danger Powers.
Danger's my middle name.
Only two things, scare me, and one is nuclear war.
What's the other thing you're scared of?
We've long feared such a development.
Hang on!
But what if he escapes?
I have a follow-up visit with the Evil Doctor.
You have a full head of hair, mine is slightly receding.
Here's the number of my dentist, he's first rate.
Go away.
CYNTHIA (filter) Oh, I'm afraid I don't have that information, but-- many applicants don't meet the criteria.
You dead?
Don' worry, mon, it's a world a shit.
BUGS!!
Jesus, David, you scared the shit out of me-- I'm sorry Sky, just drive, please-- Where were you today?
That's crazy.
I'm afraid she might be in danger.
A bil--? (nervous laugh) You're kidding, right?
PLYMPTON (filter) (careful, worried) It's me, Schuyler...
Psycho pulled a knife on me!
How do I find them!? Their offices were abandoned-- They own the whole building, they just move from floor to floor.
No way, it's too dangerous.
Right here, right now-- I'm the danger.
It's my gun...
Stop.
I blew it... we blew it...
You? Little shook.
You watching this?
Watching what?
He should be shot.
You should hear.
Overpriced bomb, cost over $6 million -- no stars, and no one's into the horror genre these days anyway.
They fired you?
(weakly) But...
I gotta go.
(muttering) When worlds collide.
When Worlds Collide.
(a nervous laugh) ... and Wendy came home peacefully... Hey, should I dress for the Halford's now, or - give me your - Up to you.
A prior engagement overcame me.
(worried) I mashed the spider, didn't I? We'll get to the spider later, Mr. Cole.
Change what?
A hospital?
Hiding?
You're afraid of germs?
(sudden panic) July?! Do you know what year it is?
In addition to these "natural" contagions, there are now technological horrors as well: besides radiation, consider our lurking fear of germ warfare and its close approximation, chemical warfare, which first reared its ugly head in the deadly mustard gas attacks during the First World War.
During such an attack in the French trenches in October, 1917, we have an account of this soldier... RAILLY'S VOICE (cant.
(startled, horrified) But that's... that's more than 200 miles!
(pointing suddenly, eagerly) Zs that a radio?
We only have a few bucks.
(very frightened) What are you going to do with us? (stares at the photo, then) Tell me more about Jeffrey.
Shot!
Who shot you?
(suddenly animated) He's sick.
You have reason to believe that my son may be planning to do what?!!! Please, I know it sounds insane but... (into the phone) I'm afraid this doesn't seem very professional to me, in fact it's distressingly unprofessional for some- one who treated my son briefly (if indeed you actually are who you say you are) to take a sudden unsolicited interest in his mental health six years later, and to telephone a parent to express opinions that would be inappropriate... (breaks off, listens, then) I don't know anything about "Monkey armies", Doctor.
The police.
That's a policeman.
Did you kill him?
We're insane!
We're crazy!
What does this virus attack?
And I'm crazy!
And here -- I die.
(torn) God-damnit, god-damnit.
Darnell, I've reviewed your placement test and I'm afraid you failed to meet our entrance requirements in two areas.
Thunder.
Lion.
There's no time to think, to worry, to have doubts.
Great clutch throw under pressure.
Damn tough to scare that little white boy.
I guess I didn't wanta make you nervous.
Mighta made you feel bad.
Like maybe it wasn't written someplace that we all gotta go on our ass.
I had some other things to worry about... Well, we're gonna make up for lost time.
Look, you're scaring him, Dad.
Stop.
It's war!
You hear?
Oh, he rides... Splendidly.
I'm afraid it's too late, lad.
Fear God.
Honor the King! (in unison shout) Fear God.
Line!
They're dead.
Here you are flying over so much pain and terror - and you know you can never look down.
It was disgusting?
Shell!
And...fire!
I'm shot!
What the hell is it?
Scare him back into his hole.
When you cut it, it's going to release this - - and this, and this, and they'll coil back rather violently, which I'm afraid will only wound the poor fellow further.
Mum's the word where the Major's concerned.
You missed out.
Shoot.
That's too bad.
Sandra Van Ryan's got 'em running scared.
He stopped by himself.
You've got nothing to be scared of, Suzie, just take a deep breath.
God, you scared the shit out of me.
I'm scared, that's what.
I'm scared there's no one to trust.
I was afraid of that.
God, you are scared, aren't you?
I mean why was Suzie so scared of him?
(beat) Okay.
There were going to be roads and houses.
It was an accident.
I should've killed you myself.
Something unfortunate happens to one of the signatories, the others don't have to worry.
I think mostly I wanted to scare them.
(a few JURORS shiver) I'm done talking.
I'm no longer a danger to society.
He's dead.
What are you so nervous about?
I have trouble sleeping at night.
I wake up scared.
I'm tired of being afraid all the time.
P.S. Tell Heywood I'm sorry I put a knife to his throat.
You hear that?
Yeah, okay, but who the hell is he?
A phantom.
An apparition.
Suddenly, here's this voice: Freeze kid! Hands in the air!
Warden?
That's why she died.
Pressure and time.
A criminal.
That's why they're dead.
It was an accident.
I'll kill him myself.
Bitch...
This is the police.
I miss you!
We have a problem.
He's a cop.
You'll both die.
Do you miss him?
Who's grave?
Big brass balls.
Spread your legs... Police!
Be a cop.
(dangerous) Yeah, you can get your hand off my chest.
That's where it stopped.
You mean like the time you got possessed and turned into a monster terror dog?
(scared) Your honor, ladies and gentlemen of the -- (he remembers there's no jury) audience.
Under the table, boys! (in horror) Oh, my God!
Now watch this.
Watch this.
So we'll put a warning on the label.
(with mock seriousness) Okay, we were trying to keep this quiet but I think you can be trusted.
(nervous) The Upper West Side.
(to Stantz, really worried now) Are you crazy, man?
You're scaring the straights.
It's just a scared little baby, Sherm.
Then you should go to the police.
(worried) I'm worried.
Kill me.
Her fear of me increased my desire.
He killed them!!!
Am I from the devil?
It's the plague.
Mama, I'm frightened, please wake up.
You are the devil!
The swamp...
Go away from me.
Though the fire seemed to spread through the quartier, I stood on that deck until dawn, fearful he would come out again of the very river like some monster to destroy us both.
We are death!
Be still!
We had feared we were the only ones...
So it's as I always feared.
But I'm afraid.
She feels she's in danger from the others.
Do you hear me?
It's only a siren...
And they frighten you?
It's real scary.
You get on a plane, there's two guys with turbans, seats A1 and 2. They look nervous.
But I'm afraid I can't help you.
Broken.
In 1991 the United States invaded Iraq, and afterwards weapons inspectors discovered Saddam was six months off enriching uranium to sufficiently high specification to make a nuclear bomb.
You can't be freezing your balls off in a GOOSEDOWN alone in the dark.
I missed it.
The bomb comes later.
50% of Americans think Saddam blew up the Towers- He's a threat.
Did he threaten you?
Did he threaten to kill you?
It's like I'm suddenly in this- (Interrupting) Why did you do it?
In the press.
Worrying where life was going to drag you next.
He's dead.
Killed?
Are you trying to scare me?
Who the hell are you?
At the hospital.
Was it an assassination?
Those pictures...they freaked me out.
Do you hear me?
I have a problem.
I took it while she was asleep.
He killed them.
He was a coward!
I killed her!
I killed him!
Kill her!
You escaped.
And you killed that.
And I will kill you.
I'm warning you.
He's a Prince freak.
Gotta go.
Now Prisoner 24601.
It warns you're a dangerous man.
It's a struggle!
It's a war!
We suddenly hear the voice of the landlord, Thenardier.
How did you...? There's lots of things I know Won't take a franc that I've not earned All of those bridges have been burned.
Disappear!
It's time we settled the debt.
Why's she hanging about here?
These are the shadows of the past!
To the barricades!
To the barricades!
To arms!
To arms!
They raid a fencing shop and a gun shop for weapons, they force wives to give up their husbands' muskets and chalk up the debt to the revolution on their front doors, they encourage homeowners to contribute furniture sometimes appearing at high windows to help overcome any reluctance.
I've got you worried now, I have!
So what are we going to do With this snake in the grass?
A little fall of rain Can hardly hurt me now.
Courfeyrac, you take the watch - They may attack before it's light.
Here's to them - (Marius sings to Valjean) And here's to you! Drink with me to days gone by! Can it be you fear to die?
He is young He's afraid Let him rest Heaven blessed.
Grantaire is fast asleep in the upstairs room, dead drunk.
Yet we will not abandon those Who still live in fear.
I will go into the streets.
A soldier challenges him.
The sudden silence wakes Grantaire from his drunken slumber.
What I saw, clear as light, Jean Valjean in the sewers that night, Had this corpse on his back Some boy he'd killed in a viscious attack.
Valjean prays in the chapel, on his knees.
Alone I wait in the shadows I count the hours till I can sleep.
VALJEAN is joined by the ghost of Fantine.
Why did you go away?
Your gray's in danger of turning a little pink.
I'm intruding.
Horrible.
You're a dark horse, Ripley.
(horrified) Is Freddie here?
What's the fight about?
Can you bear it?
There's room for a whole libretto on Freddie's chest.
suddenly MARGE is (as if she's seen a ghost) Oh my God.
That's swell.
You should watch that!
(suddenly turning) I have a witness who thinks they saw two men getting into Mr Miles' car.
I'm haunted by everything I've done, and can't undo.
Did you hear?
It's urgent.
Where've you been hiding?
It's terrible.
I'm going to be stuck in the basement, aren't I, that's my, that's my - terrible and alone and dark - and I've lied about who I am, and where I am, and so nobody can ever find me.
24 24 The driver flees eastward.
Suffering.
That's awful.
Have you been ill?
28 28 Stillness.
Because you're afraid, Nicky.
That's the darkest part of you.
He surveys the set, a working class kitchen, behind it a backdrop of dark streets and looming tennaments.
You're worried about this kid who writes these reviews?
Worried sick.
He goes to the theater armed.
Hiding out.
It is getting dark.
61 61 It is dark and cold.
How do we respond to personal attack?
He'll kill it.
This will come back to haunt us.
You're dead.
You're dead.
Not much for Afters, I'm afraid.
It is in the ground.
Outside!
SUDDENLY Frodo scoops up the Ring.
(panicked) Mr. Frodo.
(worried whisper) What do we do now?
No! (horrified) Frodo! (panicked) Mr. Frodo!! Help him, Strider! (grim) He's been stabbed by a Morgul blade.
(nervous) They're close.
Who is she? (worried) Frodo?
The road is too dangerous.
Why do you fear the past?
You will face the same evil...and you will defeat it.
(worried) It's moving fast...against the wind.
WIDE ON: THE FELLOWSHIP scramble under what little cover (worried) Spies of Saruman.
It is a strange fate that we should suffer so much fear and doubt over so small a thing...such a little thing.
If the mountain defeats you, will you risk a more dangerous road?
You fear to go into those mines, don't you?
(in horror) Oh...no...no..no... !
Goblins!
Legolas! (ominous) We now have but one choice...we must face the long dark of Moria.
Fly!
The dark fire will not avail you, flame of Udun.
Hunt them down.
Boromir! (painful gasp) They took the little ones... Aragorn quickly tries to staunch the flow of Blood from Boromir's shoulder.
He is dead.
(frightened) Sam!
(whispered) Dark in here.
Go away.
You're afraid of her.
Worries about his mother, eh? Give him a hug for me.
(approaching him) What's going on?
Go away.
(shaking his head) Nobody does that single-o.
And now they're hurting.
(terrified) Henry, no, I -- Who did you tell?
You destroyed me!
What happened to Cole? (suddenly evasive) He retired.
Cole, you scare me when this happens.
You drown in there?
You scared me.
(anxious) Oh, yeah?
Dad wants us to sleep in the same room so you'll be able to watch me while he's asleep and I won't sneak out of the house and blow dealers and shoot heroin.
Beat.
I've been a nightmare and you've been a saint.
I'm beat too.
He buried me.
He drowned.
You're the only one they're afraid of.
Still?
Stop it.
Thanks for abandoning me.
I still am.
It was an accident.
I weighed six pounds and my hair was falling out.
We need to get you to a hospital.
You need to get to a hospital!
He's hopeless.
They're an epidemic.
The public is kind of afraid of me.
You scared me.
Kill 'em in that interview.
Police?
I gotta go.
But it's only for emergencies.
House security!
(panicked) There's a man in there!
(beat) I will.
(suddenly concerned) Today?
Police?
Stop!
Weird hairdo.
She's terrified of dogs.
I'm sorry, but I have a plane to catch.
I still do.
But today I realized that I've lived in fear of it too long.
What's this about jail?
Gotta go.
I'm doomed.
You are under arrest.
You're bending it.
Accident.
(then, to Agent #1) Watch him.
Miss me?
Is this an interview?
I busted him.
He'll kill me.
Miss me?
We have a problem.
How? Misdirection.
Stan freaks.
He looks at Stanley who is terrified of its contents.
500 bucks.
I'm gonna... (coughing) I'm gonna fall off... Oh.
Miss?
(holding her down) Put fear of the Devil in me, gal.
And a man come up to the disciples and he say... (reads deliberately) Have mercy on my son, for he is a lunatic, and sore vexed... (to Rae) He got the devil in his mind and sores on his skin.
Need to get your legs strong.
(in a panic) Please don't tell my daddy.
Cut it out.
(kneels next to him in fear) Please keep singin'.
(Laz shrugs) Keep drinkin' water and you won't get a headache in the mornin'.
I came in here to get sick.
I'm not usually so... afraid.
Now what'chu need me to do? Cuz I'm gonna go do it.
You can stop now.
Gotta go.
Go away.
The first time I met your mother I was so nervous- My mother?
You said, `the first time I met your mother I was so nervous...' I did?
But she's dead now.
What are you so nervous about?
This was your homework.
So what's your problem?
You don't need to be afraid of them, Alex.
Where did you hear that?
My jaw.
You poor thing.
She wanted me to kiss her but I panicked.
(catches her breath, suddenly serious) Hark!
Scar!
It's a rule.
He suddenly wanted to be rid of it.
When you get home, I'm asleep.
When I leave home, you're asleep.
I'm afraid that's not so, sir.
What are you, a cop?
I got scared.
(touches his chest) I've still got mine.
You've been avoiding me.
I'm a witch.
Retail's not for me, I'm afraid.
Nightmare.
I'm watching now.
It's insane.
So, I'm sitting there watching the telly and suddenly I see Papadopoulos & Sons.
Insane.
Wasting it.
He dies.
It's okay to miss her.
And Mum.
I've hidden in the shadows for centuries.
Why not a demo at your own house?
As he lowers his arms, the CAMERA PULLS UP and OUT FROM Lestat, whirling into the dark night... Ah, Jesse.
I hear her blood in your voice...
With one self-assured twist of her head, she shakes the red dust from her hair to reveal long curling black tresses falling down over her dark-skinned shoulders.
The camel driver stares before him, drop-jawed and terrified, and we now see what he sees...
We've started our approach into L.A.
The vampire doorman is frightened, but mesmerized as she moves in...
But she's disappeared.
Her lips brush his neck, her hands run up and down his body pausing on his chest.
A look of horror appears on Vampire Lover's face.
Akasha turns to the terrified barman again, pulls him over the bar and attacks him as if she were just reaching for a snack.
Lestat pulls out a knife, quickly slices his arm open.
Jesse shivers under his touch, terrified, but wanting more.
She shivers... (groans) Your blood... (murmurs) Do you like it?
(whispering, overcome) Do it to me... Please...
But suddenly her words catch him... His head flails as he tries to stop his natural impulse.
He looks into the dark.
The vampire senses another's presence -- stops and turns to reveal his vampire eyes shining in the dark.
She shakes her head no...
He looks to Lestat, worried...
The assassins approach closer -- Lestat assaults with relentless lyrics... Reaching the stage, they are suddenly on it -- roadies run in and are immediately cast aside by inhuman powers.
The assassins attack again, this time hurtling massive light stands like they were small spears.
Panic takes over the mass of people, running in all directions.
She casts a dangerous eye towards Jesse.
Kill her.
A thin, red scar remains from where she cut herself with the silver stick from the Chinese barrette.
Stop it!
How'd he die?
But he did die.
What case?
[Beat] Now, we do.
[Beat] Yeah, it is.
[Beat] We will.
I'm in here because they say I have a nervous condition.
[Beat] What?
In these once familiar streets I feel shadows everywhere... Shadows...? Ghosts.
Todd takes it and shakes.
She is currently busy chopping a loathsome mess of suet with a wicked looking knife, her greasy hair hanging down over her face.
(glaring at Pirelli) I lay them against five pounds you are no match for me.
Not with the things wot happen in the dark.
Do you hear me?
(he is suddenly dark and purposeful) I'll come again when you Have Judge on the menu... True, we don't have Judge -- yet -- but would you settle for the next best thing?
Another bright red day! (He slits the customer's throat) We learn, Johanna, To say... Goodbye... I'll steal you... ... which is not to say we couldn't get some nice taxidermy animals to bring a touch of gentility to the place.
It's a fortress.
DO YOU Toby is stunned and terrified.
Menacing.
Todd suddenly sees -- the Judge!
Then he sinks to his knees, overcome.
His demons silenced.
The ghosts are gone.
A sound from the chest.
His eyes dart to the chest.
He slowly picks up his razor and moves to the chest.
He spins and bolts out of the shop, leaving her sitting in the chair-- Mrs. Lovett is standing in horror by the mouth of the chute.
(to Beggar Woman) Lucy... Said she took the poison -- she did -- Never said that she died -- Poor thing, She lived-- I've come home again...
Not a thing to fear, My love... What's dead Is dead.
He falls... Into the blood.
Dead.
(nervous) Uh, excuse me, fellas?
You know why guys like you knock everything... (to himself) Oh, this should be stunning... It's 'cause you're afraid.
(to no one imparticular) I'm in the math club... See you're afraid that they won't take you.
God damnit!
The next screw that falls out is gonna be you!
(worried) Cut it out!
Can you hear this?
Beats me...
I forgot my pencil... God damnit!
It was an accident!
Go away...
Is is bad?
Now this is the thought that wakes me up in the middle of the night...
You are such a bitch!
It's the shot.
The shot's it.
I'll kill him!
They changed it.
This is it but they changed it.
This is it, but they changed it.
Watch it!
You hear me?
Watch!
You watch!
Watch!
Now watch!
Are we going home? (barely moving his lips) Right here.
Of what is there to be afraid?
The war?
What're you, crazy?
Yeah...What the hell.
What the hell's that for?
What's it for?? He's serious.
What hospital is he in?
I gotta go.
I'm so scared.
I'm so fuckin' scared to go home.
What the hell is up with that?
The spiders.
(worried) Tell me what?
Stand by ... (beat, eyes widening) Steady .... steady ... FIRE! POOH-BEAR (cont'd) Yes! Yes! (beat) Out! That's a wrap.
Because he'll kill me.
I'm afraid so, Danny.
Worse.
They're bad up here.
Nervous?
Little nervous...little disappointed that I didn't finish this myself.
My bad.
They threatened to kill my daughter.
Am I? Sure And what am I scared of?
Stop.
(suddenly) I don't have it anymore?!
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Cut.
assassination.
Nothing for you to worry about, darling Pops The S.E.C. has turned down my request for relief on the debts.
And meantime I'm dealing with the stockholders in New York who are scared shitless -- and I'm this far from getting fired myself -- and you don't have a friend in the world but me right now.
(suddenly) You're with them, aren't you?
I'm afraid.
So we should cut it.
He's dead.
She had an accident.
They both drowned.
To rubble.
You can watch.
They said she had a... personality disorder.
What was my panic?
Only when I'm worried.
Who you worried ab...
Who you worried about?
Still.
By watching me.
Watch this.
I'm afraid I don't...
She's sitting on a bed, and a man rapes her... and he begins to cut her with a knife... (pause) I only watched what I could.
, but Welles You... you need to go to the police.
(stands, shakes her head) No.
This is the mortgage.
Why the gun?
We were divorced by then.
I miss you.
Then, something horrible happens... that's when you start praying all the time.
"Devil" frightened me as much as it excited me, but I'd be hard pressed to choose a favorite.
That's why you got scared when Mrs. Christian hired me.
Followed me... must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies... They're no friends of mine.
I can kill you.
They brought her into the room... one man, he put a knife to her throat and he raped her... No...
(into phone) ... guy sticks out like a sore thumb.
My knees are killin' me.
Well, what are you really worried about?
What happened to the private rooms?
Curve ball, bats are afraid.
Take fear from bats.
Lawyer.
High fly ball, centerfield.
Doesn't hurt to put the fear of God in a hitter.
I'm afraid I have or I wouldn't be here.
Sacrifice?
That's murder.
You want me to go get him?
I've burned out my knees...
Too bad.
We were broke.
Where's my chicken?
I quake.
Oh my god, he's bleeding!
During the casino's hours of operation the door to the counting room is fiercely guarded, and the door itself is of redoubtable Pittsburgh steel; when the casino is closed the entire underground complex is locked up and the armed guard retreats to the casino's main entrance.
Oh my God! Blood! ...why, it's nothing to make a fuss about.
Spirited away, as it were, by ghosts.
I shudder.
I quake.
Why... this is most... irregular.
My my, this is most irregular.
I come up your irritated ass with this -- motherfuckin' gun-- You think you scare me, you mewling punk!
The old woman is a more potent antagonist than one had imagined... ...Now, Lump, I'm afraid it falls to you to finish the job.
I feared that those would be your words.
Getting nervous?
Nervous?
Weird dreams?
And here's the creepiest part -- I look down at my dress and it's red.
Go away.
Some of the children are afraid of you since you dragged that little boy up the aisle.
Stop.
Stop it!
And all you do is tear other people down and-and-and laugh at them, and criticize what they do, because you're too afraid to do anything yourself!
Stop.
Police!
Why not try ours... afraid it isn't clean?
He's gotta fight to breathe.
(stunned) What?
(threatening) You don't want to mess with me today.
You're dead!!
Have they done blood tests on him?
I don't know... It's very strange not feeling that stupid panic thing inside you all the time.
Why are you picking at my sores... What is it that you want?...
Concerned.
I was... attacked.
I was hospitalized.
Tell me even if you're scared.
A long crooked SCAR runs down one side of her face.
He stands like that for a moment and then suddenly STEPS OUT INTO THE ROAD in front of an on-coming TRUCK.
Stop what?
David picks up the knife and repeats the "attack" move on her.
Now an attack from behind.
(beat) What?
He injects her.
A shot rings out and a BULLET suddenly strikes the ground beside her.
Is he dead?
The Guard!
Is he dead?
Retribution.
(Suddenly) Why didn't you go?
Beat.
There is a sudden scratch of a key at the front door and, instinctively, the two break apart.
Here I am - the victim, kidnapped, bound, soon to be murdered, but I think you are the one that is afraid, David.
(Beat) Afraid of the monster.
He may have begun his speech hoping to get a reaction from David but he has lost himself in his rant and so rather than triumph we see only a moment of startled fear in his eyes as David suddenly swings the bowl violently at his head, SHATTERING IT on the pipe to which he is tied.
Rachel is about to press home the attack but is blinded by blood from her wound washing into her eyes.
The FACES of the soldiers, moved by this.
She begins to mix herself another drink, sees someone across the room, and her face changes... He's standing alone drinking, nervous.
* David suddenly takes her hand and pulls her round the * corner.
* He turns to her, his face alive with an energy that we * haven't seen before - fear or excitement?
* Rachel sits, still smoking, though it's dark outside now.
* She stops.
* Beat.
She feels a sudden, instinctive rush of fear.
* (suddenly) * We can't go back.
Well, our visiting hours haven't changed, I'm afraid.
Rachel emerges - panicking.
...listening to the dial tone, panic overwhelming him.
I can stop him.
Only how to die.
Suddenly he staggers against the wall.
And there it is - the HYPODERMIC NEEDLE Rachel has stuck between his shoulders.
He touches it with his fingertips, eyes wide with horror, feeling the rush of lethal chemicals through his blood.
In the distance, framed between the arches, her abandoned car.
How bad?
I'm too weak.
Should we wake him up?
The Dark Prince is here.
I was concerned.
Beat it, ya freak.
Oh, he's gotta pee.
(Nicky is scared) Unlike you, she won't come back from where she's going.
I was a good Devil, wasn't I?
Covered in bees!
Your lives are in danger.
Scared my men shitless.
Chicken.
Big as a house.
(totally confused) Oh.
(back to work) The entire brain appears to have been extracted.
I saw two green eyes in the dark.
I think the scratches were put there to scare us.
A dungeon?
(voice rising in fear) I'd do it gladly but someone needs to stay with these people.
(yells) Where is it?!
Where the hell are you?
(loud) It's scared of me.
You killed him!
Kill it now!
Temperance can be a convenient disguise for fear.
Is it going to rain?
They had surrendered?
Kill them.
The French fleet won't sail north of the Chesapeake for fear of early storms.
(to Major Halbert) First my personal baggage, then half the bridges and ferries between here and Charleston burned, a dozen convoys attacked.
The hell I do.
He died.
This will be forgotten.
We're militia.
I can beat that.
No... not in the eyes of the police.
Why? She'd punish me.
I'm being punished.
That's what you're afraid of isn't it?
You have trouble sleeping?
An angel, when she was having one of her headaches.
I was needed in the sick room.
For me to get sick in.
I don't wanna... (to Martha) Stop her! Then Agnes tries to crawl away as though terrified of What is it?
That's crazy.
The scandal...
I wanted her to have it when no-one else was around, they would have taken the baby to a hospital and left it with them, but it was such a difficult birth, there was so much blood and I panicked.
(sarcastically) Yeah, I feel like it now, don't I... fucking hell... Suddenly the door bell goes.
You gonna go?
He kneels down and begins to pray.
Suddenly Glen speaks.
He sees a shadow approaching.
When did you start knocking out?
Are you still there?
... is that better?...it's Glen... you alright... can you hear me?... yeah I'm good mate, I'm good... No, you...no mate... no I, erm, I put the word about...you know...what we were chatting about... and I, erm, I think I've got a pretty good idea what's going on... well, erm... I've heard this off a few people... a lot of `em have said the same thing... it's, erm, it's Shifty innit... Shifty... yeah, yeah definitely...
Trevor's on Shifty and has him pinned up against the wall, his hefty hand gripped around his neck, Suddenly he brings a Stanley knife up to his temple.
Yeah, I'm having a Mac attack.
Why am I listening to you? Got to monitor my blood pressure, so whatever you do, don't upset me.
(still nervous) Nice to see you again Mr. Gekko.
Uh...hmmm.
(nervous) Anacott Steel -- right.
Fear.
So what's the problem?
He had a heart attack, hon, but he's okay, he's at the hospital... (runs out) Oh Christ! (lighting a cigarette) Mom! How is he? (shaken) ...he was complaining about chest pains at work.
Ooh ooh, tough talk from a scared little girl all wrapped in a pretty grown-up package.
No, thanks, I'm nervous enough.
(nervous) Hi.
They said I wadn't right in the head and they put me in there in the nervous hospital instead of puttin' me in jail.
He needs the job.
Who did you kill?
What have you got to be nervous about?
Coffee kindly makes me nervous when I drink it.
You need to get a little sleep.
Poor thing, he's probably never seen such a crazy mess.
You scared me.
You know my mother always told me that I'd damage my eyes if I read by poor light and I always think about that when I'm reading, but I've gotten this far, so why am I still worrying about it?
Murder?
My uncle's house.
Cut it out.
That tiny mouse used to sit in a little miniature lawn chair scratching his balls and shelling peanuts and this snake was just too scared to go near it.
Hide them?
But I do have a warning for you.
We will annihilate them in a single attack -- at Pearl Harbor.
Where are the women on this -- They're s-still asleep!
The terror of the skies are here!
We've got him hurt, stay on him!
We've been here a month and nobody's had worse than a sunburn.
Our doctor's gone too.
But I'm not playing golf, and that cut needs sewing, or else it's gonna make a big lumpy scar.
The attack seems inevitable.
So they pop out and attack where?
It's connected to a local dentist.
This dentist, is he a spy?
Hang on.
I was afraid they'd turn me in, so I stole some clothes, jumped ship, and found a church, where the priest contacted the resistance, and got me on a freighter to New York.
Prepare to move to attack speed.
attack position.
You hear my okay?
I'm out of fuel! Second attack wave is in the air.
The more we attack, the harder it is to find targets.
How dangerous?
We'll be loaded with 2,000 pounds of bombs and 1,500 pounds of fuel.
Open bomb bay doors.
We burned a lot of fuel back there.
Afraid I was going to leave without giving you a goodbye kiss?
It's getting dark out there.
Then it couldn't be one of those creatures that attacked Luke.
(over comlink) Afraid there's not much left.
The Rebels are there.
Why are you still here?
Punch it!
Watch this.
Watch what?
Sir, I'm almost afraid to ask, but... does that include shutting me down, too?
I'll need it to get out of this slimy mudhole.
Go away!
That is why you fail.
They were in pain.
I feel the Force!
This is a dangerous time for you, when you will be tempted by the dark side of the Force.
Reckless is he.
Our operation is small enough not to be noticed... which is advantageous for everybody since our customers are anxious to avoid attracting attention to themselves.
That's always been a danger looming like a shadow over everything we've built here.
We're in danger.
You hear me?
You have controlled your fear... now release your anger.
Ouch! Oh! Ah!
It was you who killed him.
It's only a snake.
This is the manuscript in which the friar chronicled the Knight's story... it doesn't reveal on location of the Grail, I'm afraid... but the Knight promised that two "markers" that had been left behind would.
Watch out.
He's scared to death of them!
Did you kill him too?
Then we'll die.
Rats?
The hell you will.
Disappear.
Without a map, I'm afraid it's no better than a souvenir.
Alarm!
Do your homework?
Suddenly, from nowhere a German soldier flies INTO FRAME, tackling Indy.
(to himself; suddenly) Kneel!! I'm through!
Mr. Wicher looks scared.
He scared too.
She suddenly looks unwell.
I can't do that Miz Rain.
We miss you.
(confused) Well ...only that -well, evrybody need a little help once in a ... What?! (scared) I jus ...
Thas Miz Rain to me.
She's nervous.
Bitch!
Am flying.
Do you want me to knock your other eye out!
Dude... I'm scared!
They're wide with FEAR.
WHAT DO I DO?! Mikey's eyes continue to panic.
Reacts.
He rubs his sore neck.
(too-late-retort to Raph) That was just a startle response and isn't really an indication of fear!
A silence sits in the room as a CD flies out of Raph's room.
Disgusting.
He tiptoes with ninjitsu precision across the floor, avoiding the potential noise-making mess below him.
I'm afraid much has changed in your brothers' spirits since you have left.
Scared eyes!
A beat.
He stops.
Scares Man half to death.
(calms down) Gave me a scare kitty.
A large burly CLAWED ARM slams out of the shadows onto the cat, yanking it back into the alley!
But the involvement of the Foot and their mysterious leader worries me.
(sick of cake) The phone suddenly rings.
He suddenly hears a noise in the back.
He hears the noise... now from inside the WALK-IN FREEZER.
ANOTHER NOISE.
Suddenly - Night creeps to the freezer.
NYC civilians point to the sky, worried.
It buzzes again.
Suddenly a WALKING STICK across his chest stops him!
We're just concerned.
I, we are hanging up.
It's an interview.
(to Bitsey) My client's got a ten pound bass on the line and he's worried about baitin' his neighbor's hook.
Bite my shoulder.
And stop that.
You are so weak.
A cop.
A real danger to flora and fauna.
Medievalers wouldn't pray to good Judas for fear of getting bad Judas on the line by mistake.
Mr. Gale, a leukemia patient's condition is highly susceptible to external stress.
Yeah, but it's her kitchen, in her house.
Tired of being afraid.
Watch yourselves.
For the poor, the ones you were praying for.
I fear I know our King.
I frighten you.
Keeper was scared of me too, at first.
Scared?
Scared of you?
He is a monster!
Hang himself?! He's threatened to do it, it's been building up in him for months.
What use am I? We go someplace dangerous.
You have prayed too much.
You will not shed royal blood!
I know what they have done was a threat against you -- and yet that threat has been removed, with no harm coming to your Majesty.
And die in it!!
What the hell.
Who the hell was that?
How the hell did you do it?
Why? Fire.
Hear that?
(nervous laughter) Scary, huh? Eight-years old.
Fire?
Cancer.
I'm scared.
She...she died.
There was this case.
I'm the police.
You hear me?
Frank, this is not the time to be worried about covering up if you had a thing with this girl.
We stopped him.
What the hell is that?
What else you got to threaten me with?
We got his stinkin' ass in the deepest, darkest cell in the whole place.
Patrolman Gerald Nash was just one of the twelve peace officers that Mickey and Mallory murdered during their reign of terror.
But at first I breathed a sigh of relief.
That pie is the way the strangely charismatic, and make no mistake, they are charismatic, Mickey and Mallory have captured the public's interest, fear, and in some cases, admiration.
It's a tragedy.
And this man, whose hands are lethal weapons--- Objection, defence is intimidating the witness with the murder weapon.
Mr. Knox, put the knife down.
What's changed?
All I want you to worry about is what I ask you.
Wayne, if it was anybody else--- Phil, I'm just scared he's gonna clam up on me with all these sheriffs all over the place.
...one night I was asleep, and a noise wakes me up.
Where's the list of the hostages?
Operator.
You are in a lot of danger.
Why? They're watching you.
Don't be controlled by your fear, Neo.
I want my phone call.
That will kill him.
Haven't I always told you, Cypher, not to let fear control your life.
Stop!
It is dangerous.
I'll be your operator.
Attack me.
How did I beat you?
That's what they changed.
There is a problem.
It's suicide.
It was a disaster.
Operator.
Get up! Nooo!
Operator.
You whup me, I'll crawl out of the ring on my knees and catch the next jet plane out of the country.
You scared of him?
I'm scared of no man.
120 over 80? (re: his blood pressure) You should be asleep...
(stunned) What?
(mid-statement) I fear if this bill is not passed... (beat) ...our nation is in for a dark night of social disruption.
He's my lawyer.
If you're convicted.
I still will.
How can you be broke?
She fainted...
(to himself) Back up, maaan... (weaves suddenly; another voice) ...you fast!
I kill him!
We're worried you're going to get hurt.
'Cause what gonna bleed...is money.
C'mon, chump!!! (panicked) Get off the goddamn ropes!! Took somethin' away from him, Angie, that round...
Terrify him with what you can take... (hisses to George) Eight more rounds...
Cop.
You lose.
You're fired!
He is the VICTIM!
Bailiff.
Ten minutes out of the station he'll be standing in the vestibule between cars... trying to avoid a panic attack.
I think she's just afraid she won't be able to get pregnant.
What's to be afraid!
Well, here we are... in the dark.
(We're going to be in big trouble.
I worry a lot.
(then suddenly) Watch it!
Armed terrorists seized the airport this morning.
But I just can't get over this stupid nagging fear that... Fear!
I don't want to raise a child in a home filled with fear!
But if you can conquer your fear... maybe I can conquer my fear of having a baby with a father who's fearful.
Awwwww... a bad call by Ravine.
I knew he'd made threats to kill you and mutilate your reproductive organs... ...so I got on the train too... so I could warn you.
This is Lola, um... (nervous, defensive) Um?
The right foot is turned slightly inward and falls with a hard limp.
They squint, eyes adjusting.
One would think the counsel is veiling a threat.
Do you hear me?
We'll worry about this tomorrow.
SUDDENLY, Edie tunes in to what is going on.
Moving like lightning, he jumps onto the roof of the police car McManus Give it up.
SUDDENLY, Keaton turns with a start.
Saul sits in terror behind the wheel.
SUDDENLY, the ceiling hatch opens and McManus' arm comes out.
A strange threat.
It's a logistical nightmare.
Behind an old and weathered boat in dry-dock, Keaton and Verbal watch the boat from the shadows.
He turns and goes to call out a warning to Keaton.
+ SUDDENLY, he stops dead in his tracks, looking up at the boat.
Verbal looks into Kujan's eyes with genuine terror.
I WAS AFRAID, OKAY?
What if you miss?
You'll watch over him?
I'm watching over you, Will.
You threatened Miss Swann.
Are they come to kidnap you, miss?
I'll drop it!
You're serious about this.
Oh -- did I forget to mention that?
Do you have the courage and fortitude to follow orders and stay true, in the face danger, and almost certain death?
We lay anchor before dark.
We're here to rescue you! (sounds of pursuit, approaching) It's going badly!
... you were in danger ... so I took the medallion.
No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock.
I'm afraid we do not have any ladies' clothing aboard.
What was begun by blood, let blood now end!
You'll proceed directly to the infirmary for eye tests, blood tests, urinalysis, pregnancy test.
Here you will be trained to infiltrate hostile territory... to be the real- time eyes on the ground... to recover assigned targets and, if need be, to fight your way out under adverse conditions.
"A sociol..." Kill the interviews.
England went out with a stress fracture.
Excessive killing only risks compromise... S.E.R.E.
That's what I hear.
Wick.
Nah, they were dead-ass asleep.
Well, it's been said that the only man the President fears -- ain't no man.
This is insane.
Dismissed.
What changed?
(to her caller) Margaret, I'm getting the feeling this is an anxious day for you.
Paul? (startled) Holy-- Margaret, you scared the wits out of me.
So what's your line on this?
What a shock.
I have a psychiatric disorder.
Oh, that's where you went.
If this is a -- (half asleep) What's going on.
Go away, now.
(nervous) Jimbo?
0ooooo, he's scary.
Is there a problem?
you finally open up--you pop like a blister--and it all comes spewing out--all your emotions--your feelings--your fears--all of it!
So you're chicken?
Want to go out and get drunk?
Should I kill them?
Miss!
So now I can do things like this! Cool, huh? Watch it!... Look out!... Whoa! Sorry, sorry.
Can you fly?
Who died?
The Exterminators!
The Obliterators!
What? (freaking out) You're the Sphinx.
The wise snake coils before he strikes.
It is hiding.
It I can't do it... you can blow my brains out.
It's suicide.
(stunned) It is?
He'll kill you!
(worried about him) Hey... you okay?
Mr. Frankenstein, we're being attacked.
Why did you hang up on me?
GIRL #l I got so scared my bladder rolled.
I get scared really easy, okay.
You gotta go with it.
Scary movies are great foreplay.
Knock yourself out.(silence)
Yes? What's your favorite scary movie?
What murders?
The entire horror genre was destroyed by sequels.
Horror films are only as good as their villains.
How can Freddie and Jason possibly be scary after they've been diluted through five or six sequels.
I'm sorry, baby.
You BITCH!
You bitch.
Pain."
It's hopeless.
(in movie) Oh, God, Billy, you scared me.
Do you hear me?
She's dead.
Dead.
Sorry it sucked.
You had us worried.
What'd I miss?
So... what's your favorite scary movie?
What's your favorite scary movie?
He's dead.
You shatter if you have to.
We're under quarantine.
He was with Sidney when she was attacked.
A bloody knife.
Watch out!
Watch out.
Watch out.
I need the police.
Are you in danger now?
I read her postings on the horror movie chat boards and fell hopelessly.
I guess fearing death makes one anxious.
God, Cotton, what a nightmare.
(weakly) Yeah.
Go away.
I got knives in my eyes, I'm going home sick.
A small one story house, slightly run down.
She came to me, who was she scared of?
What'd I miss?
Kara's mirror shatters, revealing a grimy dark wall behind.
(eyes hot on the Pin) No. Alright, so let's shake and blow.
Did she blow last night?
You turn on your heel and bite her in the throat.
Last week on the payphone, Pico and Alexander, she saw something she was scared of.
I rule.
Are you scared of rock stars too?
We can overcome death.
You hear me?
We'll get that sick M.F.
That's my other line.
I gotta go.
Devil's Kettle gets two nightmares in 24 hours?
There's a midnight showing of Rocky Horror at the Bijou next weekend...
I gotta go parlez French.
You scared?
I gotta go...
I need you frightened.
Am I hurting you?
I'm worried about you.
I tried to figure out an escape, but it was so dark out there...
And bleed you.
Sorry, darling.
They...killed you.
It should have killed me.
Watch.
Why did you attack me out there?
We're all concerned.
I'm real sorry about this sudden onset of teenage paranoia.
Your abortion.
Your other abortion.
She can fly?
Watch this.
It s reacting.
She s scared.
What the hell was that about?
Nervous?
I'll inject myself.
No. Oh god! NO! STOP IT! STOP IT! Pulse is 180 .... holding stable.
Is he dead?
So ... Stop there.
You look worried.
That's the rule.
I was beginning to worry 'cause your car hadn't moved.
Are you saying he's dangerous?
Where the hell have you been?
He's dead.
You're scaring me.
This is bad.
This'll hold him but he needs blood.
You missed.
How can you be so brutal?
Hang on.
(to the group) Wake him up, shake him up.
He copped to it.
He moves back toward the Businessman, terrifying him) ...I thought when you wanted to pet little girls, you picked on your Daughter...Ain't that what you rich people do...now you step off the Reservation and you want to buy me?
In this case they can.
Coked up, boat capsized...Both bodies washed up naked.
She fell off the boat.
She's dead.
Sir, this Candidate is studying knife fighting.
Don't you study knife fighting, son.
On the rear face of a hill, in a mortar attack.
(pause) And I confessed that I was frightened.
...I'm about as frightened as I'm comfortable being.
Jane gathers them and as she rinses them at the sink, she suddenly and surprisingly feels very alone.
So...the next time you go to a graduation, you'll be what?
(suddenly insecure) Why don't I show these to you when we get a little closer.
Is this about revenge?
(she's nervous just saying it) (rising) Be there in ten! See you there, Adler.
Pedro is asleep between them.
She goes at the chicken with the knife, slicing off a leg.
(whispers to Jane as Agness exits) She's got a really scary tattoo.
It's a-mazing!!!
A shadow falls over her.
Tonight was weird.
Still is.
They turn toward the house and on their backs we hear: And as they walk away from Camera, we: "415" written on a building.
The cops approaching.
(in Russian) Give me your gun and radio.
He was scared.
Scared of what?
The threat level clicking another notch.
Sheer panic now.
Bourne searches the rafters, looking for any threats from above.
Blood has splattered on the door.
Daniels isn't-- I'm worried about Bourne.
He starts to sink.
Where is your emergency?
You "disagree" he's a threat?
It was difficult for me...with you.
BOURNE stops and sees the car -- realizes the danger.
He lays DESH POV.
On final approach to JFK.
We have an imminent threat.
BOURNE walks out of a building, backpack over his shoulder.
Two CRI cars race down from the roof to try to get to the level Bourne's on.
The increasing volume of squealing tires alerts Bourne to a new threat, he pulls the officer into some cover and grabs the officer's radio.
Kale's hands shake from the SHOCK as his fingers search for the seatbelt buckle.
slowly slides down the outside of the door, then turns around on his chest, reaches his hand back down to Jeff -- Dad, here -- Jeff reaches up as a a few inches behind the SUV's rear bumper suddenly POP LOOSE.
What are you stopping for?
The house isn't that big.
What if he killed her, too?
I heard the door -- I'm sorry, the wind caught it -- Fine.
Oh, the... that dark orange.
Try to keep these in your drawers tonight, will ya?
I've gotta go.
The neighbor is also mowing her lawn and he's going to see you -- (full-on panic) Kale, what do I do?!
Do you hear me?
Dropped it.
When you were watching me?
It's dead.
It can feel pain.
Your chest is going to milktate.
Did you hear it's yours?
Sorry, Bleek... Going for my ultrasound.
I drink tons of booze so you might get one of those scary neuter-babies that's born without junk.
Junk?
He's the ultimate master of horror.
Dario Argento is the ultimate master of horror.
I miss it too.
His name is Mark and he's into old horror movies and he plays guitar.
What's the verdict?
(panicked) Ow, ow, fuckity-ow.
He had a big meet against Manteno and I didn't want him to get all worried about me and choke.
Scared shitless.
What about my revenge?
Now! You're fired.
Fired?
Were you scared?
Scared?
(stunned) You're...you're.
I was struck by freaking lightening.
Two Russian Migs coming in hard and fast.
Well, it appears they won't have to hold out for much longer as a new costumed crusader has suddenly stormed onto the scene.
What the hell's that?
I'm the villain.
What the hell are you doing here?
You scared the bejesus out of me.
Why did he have to disappear?
A plane? Going to Barbados for a little change in climate.
Swell.
Then I asked myself -- what's General Motors got to be nervous about?
(A sudden intake of breath) Oh! What would you think of starting off with dinner at the "21"?
That's what I'm afraid of.
At least that's something you'll never have to worry about.
Poor girl.
Jeff -- I'll be honest with you -- you're beginning to scare me a little.
Police?
Too bad.
I'm afraid it is, Tess.
Enough to scare me that you wouldn't get here in time, and we'd lose him.
(He looks up, reaches for the phone) We scared him once.
She'll be arrested!
The police have it by now.
Lisa -- I -- I -- can't tell you how scared I was that you -- you might -- (Affectionately) Shut up.
I need you to get me out of this.
They had to confront what a dark, dense, overabundant place might have hidden in it.
So I came up with the "ghost" plan.
This symbolizes the profound scarring their waning passion has had on the girl's psyche, how she became afraid to ever really love something because it would go away.
I gotta go.
I have failed.
Who the hell are you?
LAROCHE (cont'd) Screenwriter doing research for movie about notorious orchid poacher was found drowned in the Fakahatchee after accidentally slipping and hitting his head on a rock.
Bully for you.
(forcefully) I'm over here?
(a beat here) Okay.
(sotto to M.J.) Deep Throat's back.
I had a crank call myself-- he said... (a moment of real fear) I thought it might be Daryll Lee Cullum.
I'm a clinical hysteric, with panic syndrome, and anxiety neurosis, agoraphobic, I'm afraid of everything, real and imaginary.
You threatened to drive her downtown.
Fear of what... Open space.
I didn't used to think it was real... We'll get the paramedics... Oh, God, uniforms, more stress.
He slept over because I was a little anxious...
I'm worried about leaving you alone.
I want you to worry that idea like a loose tooth.
He's not going to attack me; what I' m rally afraid of is all in my own head, Ruben.
I'm afraid to sleep...
You're fired.
I'm worried about you.
There were two poor thing.
But no drugs in her blood.
(gently, surprised) You're afraid of him.
I was always curious about these twisted little souls, but this is the first one I've felt personally terrified of.
Doctor Hudson did not return our phone calls, today.
You've got a nickname around here -- "Deep Throat" from all the phone calls, I wonder if you know that.
A burglar.
It scared me...
Sorry to interrupt.
I think about you, worry about you all the time.
I stayed because I didn't want her to wake up alone in a place where she'd just been under attack.
Nightmare in here... I gotta have Ruben, and a... Outta your mind?
Homicide.
What are you afraid of?...
What am I hearing?
Then it should be more illegal.
The hell you will.
I'm afraid he may be investing too much in the B-9.
Dismissed.
I can't overestimate the danger of Thalaron radiation, Jean Luc.
I need to know what he has and how to neutralize any threat.
It was... a violation.
Should he? Are you prepared to have your hands drenched in blood?
But the Romulans abandoned the plan...
He's dying.
Dying?
(startled) What?!
I'm afraid that drink will have to wait, Captain.
Savage them!
They're stopping... What's he doing?
Don't worry -- Hell is dark.
Destroy them.
He'll kill you.
I'd be afraid.
You're crazy.
"Hawk."
It's a hawk.
Pressure in your chest?
No way I'm gonna' sleep with you.
Sorry, darling, I'm afraid you'll find he's not your type.
Did he scare you off?
It stopped.
Then he died.
Everyone's terrified.
Feel like rain? (feels his leg; shakes his head) No rain -- partly cloudy, clearin' towards evenin'.
I fear de sewer has backed up during de night.
Nextry, 'Thousands flee in panic -- ' (on page nine) 'Trash fire near immigration building frightens seagulls -- ?' 'Terrified flight from flaming inferno!' Thank you, much obliged -- Buy me last pape, mista...? Our father taught us not to lie.
David, confused, races after him, Les looks very worried as he runs with David -- Just for one little sip of beer -- ?
(still worried) One sip!
You were in jail...? Why?
It's late, my folks'll be worried ... What about yours?
An accident.
Scared of Brooklyn?
But Spot Conlon makes us a little nervous.
Well, he don't make me nervous.
David's getting more nervous.
David looks at Jack wide-eyed: "Me?" Scared to death, he starts -- as Spot's henchmen begin circling him like jackals.
thru thru 69 69 Weasel moves down a line of frightened young scab newsies clutching their papers.
You're afraid of them, too... Medda's gotta look out for herself same as anybody.
How can they make a whole city afraid?
I'm dark on Monday nights.
Oh, dear me... dangerous?
They start toward him and suddenly disappear -- straight down the trap door that's suddenly opened beneath their feet.
On what grounds?
I was in a war.
'The men who run this city are terrified of the Newsies strike -- because other child laborers in the factories and sweatshops are hearing the message of the Newsies leader --' That's you!
Can these words really be about him...? As we GO TO -- Denton reads his own words: ' -- And that is what terrifies the powers-that-be, for they know our city thrives on the shame of child labor.
This war'll do for now.
He's the one in danger.
thru thru 165 165 The huge PRESSES pound out papers; a LOUD THUDDING rhythm shakes the building -- The THUDDING rhythm seems very near.
You're fired.
Maybe that's what scares me... Suddenly, the emotions are too much for him -- he turns, runs across the square, not looking back, racing towards the coach.
But... how is he going to breathe?
It suddenly left us this morning...
I slept in a plane, and it wasn't too great.
Please move slowly, you're rocking the boat.
It's still here.
Is it ruined?
You're been warned.
You scared me!
You're afraid I want to hold onto you, and I do, but you're not ready... at least not for me.
Wake me up at 11:00.
Are you crazy?
Can you hear me?
You're fired.
Here, it's getting dark.
So have I. (a beat) ... Hello?
I'm still here.
(a little frightened) Are you okay? ... I think I love you.
What's the matter with you? (complete panic) Mamma, pesce di spada?
(shaking his head) No. Jacques is a creature of the sea.
(mumbling) ... How long was I asleep?
D'you hear me?
(in a panic) Jacques... Are you alright?
Wake up.
You going to pull a Big Gulp with that?
That exam was so bogus.
Which exam?
But I'm really scared.
Well then, I'll pray for rain.
Scary stuff.
Did you hear?
On the suicides.
We scare people into not being assholes.
I missed you.
I'm afraid though it's time to get your butt kicked.
Oh, I was scared of the same thing, Heather.
Strength, damnit!
That's what stops it.
(screaming) That's it.
(half asleep) Sleeping.
Should we stop?
(makes cat noises) Cat fight, cat fight.
Aw, I was going home to my Mamma's house... yeah, I was out doing this thing.
I know I hate Swiss cheese, the holes make me nervous.
This is crazy.
Why are we stopping?
Scare him.
Christ, you scared the shit out of me.
No, I'm was worried that...
(pausing) Yeah, yeah I'm sure the rain just slowed 'em down... yeah... uh-huh, yeah... no, no you can keep it 'til Tuesday... alright, talk to ya tomorrow, bye.
Oh, come now... we're all creatures of God and freaks in our own way... (twitches and shakes) ...but if you'll notice... (points to a blank spot in the painting) right here, needs a little something, heh?
You know, his senses start tingling... when he was approaching danger and shit.
Hmmm, that's a strange one.
Casualties?
Hang on.
What's the sense in risking six guys to save one?
Afraid of bad news?
FIRES.
Too slow.
CUTS HIM DOWN.
What about our grenades?
He crawls to the edge of the emplacement and freezes in the shadows.
FIRES.
Leaps onto the final German attacking Miller.
He looks down, stunned at his chest.
An instant of surprise, more than fear.
Stunned, lays Sarge down, kneeling next to him.
Foreigner?
Oh, Norman, you worry too much.
Wake up.
Accident.
A little worried.
Next you'll be sick.
It has spikes.
Where the hell have you been?
Who the hell is he?
Who the hell is he?
Oh? End of Church Street.
He's a crook.
What crook?
The Hell he did.
died in '72.
(worried) How much do we owe you?
You really scared me, you shithead.
It's my sanity I'm beginning to worry about.
(awakened) I was having a nightmare.
He suffers from nightmares.
I'm afraid you have to eat something.
I'm sorry I woke you up.
(horrified) This is too much.
The supernatural!
Now go away.
I think I'm asleep and you're a part of another bad dream.
Now go away!
Growl.
I'm burning up! Jesus! (shouts out in pain and fear) Jack!?
Why? Come on, we'll give Sean a scare.
Warn him?
I tried to investigate the attack.
That's insane.
I worried about you.
The murders.
Hopeless.
It's hopeless.
(worried) David, don't lose control.
No, I'm not being weird, you little creep.
Sleep fast.
Stay asleep.
I'm shocked.
Those wimps.
A hint of danger.
(scared) What's going on, Harry?
What key? (pointing like the guy's blind) That key right there! (to his men) Someone has stolen the key! (terrified, but thinking) You shoot me, this'll fall.
I'll drop it!
He was a little nervous about starting high school, so I made it.
You feel a little silly being nervous now, huh, champ?
So nervous.
We spend the time working on Mary Elizabeth's fanzine about music and The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
He shakes it off.
She's worried about him.
That's weird, isn't it?
It's really how I became a vegan-- I know I should have been honest, but I was getting so mad, it was starting to scare me.
Afraid of him.
Do you want me to tell you? (scared) Yeah.
She's fast asleep.
Stop what?
Poor thing.
Now, THAT'S a challenge.
You lose.
I was afraid you were going to bring that up.
(Beat.)
Hey, we should start a rumor that I'm having a pregnancy scare!
We have a problem.
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
(Beat.)
Micah had panicked and used me as a scapegoat - to save her job and her marriage.
(Beat.)
All I know is once upon a time, there was a scared little kid in a closet at a party who wasn't ready for his first kiss and there was this amazing little girl who lied for him.
Why is Jack afraid of the open ocean?
It's me front I'm worried about.
Your key go to a chest, and it is what lay inside the chest you seek, don't it?
before attack ...up the... Sailor!
Down on your marrowbones, and pray.
Do you fear death?
Do you fear that dark abyss?
I'm afraid, Sir... Tortuga is the only free port left in these waters.
The deadman's chest.
Well, there is a chest... Oh, dear.
He wants the chest.
Stop it!
Jack! Guard the chest!
Not with the chest.
I shall pry the chest away from your cold... dead... hands.
What happened to the chest?
To arms!
?It'll ?attack the starboard.
Shoot!
Did we kill it?
Our debt is settled.
Open the chest.
D'you have the Compass?
(very nervous) Look, maybe we should think this over.
He'll kill her.
(raging, terrifying) Swann!
Dead?
Dead.
Superstitious?
Go away.
What a tragedy.
And he's dead?
I'm afraid she's not in.
Harm to whom?
(in mortal terror) Get it off me! Hokey enough for you?
(whispers) I was so afraid.
(nervous) What was that?
What the hell-?
Will you hear it?
Tell us... tell us... (in terrified awe) This is where we killed him.
Aah! Go on, bleed.
I am the darkest of the dark... Harry.
(to the Tellers) You! Hands on heads, drop to your knees.
PATRONS and TELLERS HIT THE GROUND, TERRIFIED!
The hostages sit shaking, crying... Scared beyond belief.
Watch.
Stop.
Gina sits at the table, shivering.
His EYES BURN through her.
Suddenly Gina's bravado disappears.
Suddenly a scared and lonely girl.
Stop.
Suddenly, another Black Clad DISAPPEARS UNDERNEATH THE Where'd he go?
If I worried about every threat made against me, I'd never leave the house.
POLICE AND EMERGENCY CREWS surround the house.
You're a murderer.
You're still here?
Then it came from the shadows and their laughter was drowned in blood.
He pulls open his robe, revealing a hauntingly beautiful tattoo of a Shinobi demon thrusting its blade into a lump of scar tissue at the center of his heart.
That's the word you're afraid to say? Ninja?
The panicked screams of the fleeing entourage co-mingle in chorus with gruesome death rattles of Hollywood's foot soldiers as one by one, they are eviscerated.
You hear me!
There is a whistle of metal and suddenly his severed hands are tumbling gracefully through the air.
After a moment, the ninja emerges into the moonlight, the way a shadow coalesces into a panther gliding from the dark to inspect its kill.
Her eyes REACT as suddenly a blade flashes from beneath the sheet, reaching for Raizo's throat.
Raizo stops, a flash of panic in his eyes.
Yeah...he's dead.
They killed him.
The night is his weapon.
A member of Russian intelligence.
He had seen many terrible things.... (beat) He was not a man to frighten easily.
But from that day on, when the sun went down behind the hills...in his eyes, I saw the fear a child has of the dark.
A security camera watches them enter the house.
Suddenly she realizes she is not alone; Zabranski is leaning against the door jam.
...A few cases.
We monitor for signs of stress, fatigue, mental exhaustion.
They're watching me.
So you can shake it for me?
Kill him!
When I get nervous, it helps if I talk.
So, you were an orphan?
Do you still have them?
Gagged, arms twisted with shiburi, blood streaking her pale and terrified face.
The two sprint from a stairwell into a concourse, Raizo stopping suddenly, sensing the presence of the Hanta- Kirra.
He turns to facing the dark.
Mika flies up the stairs taking the steps two at a time rounding the next flight-- A beam of light flashing weapons rattling suddenly trained on her.
She hangs up.
He will cut your heart from your chest.
Raizo puts his hand on her chest.
Raizo touches her face as she takes in a sudden breath.
Medic!
We'll lose.
A bombardment.
Shake thy hoary locks!
(a nervous glance at the door to Mary's bedroom Is she in there?
We've abandoned these 39 to the Devil that possesses them.
Go away!
- for cruelty.
Or you risk it all.
(whispering to Mrs. Who'd ever've guessed that old nightmare capable of such control?
Are you afraid of what lies ahead?
Go away!
Are you wicked?
And we've won the war.
(shaking her head no:) Overseas.
I smoke too much: my chest is sore.
It was too slow.
So you're a crook.
It was instinct.
Medication.
But the time-skips had me scared.
And...? I got sick.
I'm sorry -- I'm sick.
They're... for my headaches... What headaches?
He's got a knife -- I can't think my way out of a knife--!
I have a list here, in descending order of threat... Go on.
A coma?
In 24, dead.
You think I didn't spend my days on MDT devising a personal defense structure that would scare the shit out of the Israelis--?
You'll die.
Pa? (sudden fear) Where's Deborah?... (calling it) I only took one, ma... Topsy was hungry.
Where's she buried?
Lose it?
They're in the chest... (rising excitedly) By golly, the letter...
That's what scares me -- him findin' her.
A young buck fetched it in late last summer... (Ethan eases the grip) Said it belonged to a captive chile of Chief Scar... Scar?
Never heard of any Chief Scar.
Scar's band was headin' north... to winter in at Fort Wingate... eatin' agency beef.
But none of them was Nawyecky's nor claimed to know a war chief named Scar... He's the one the late Mister Futterman said had Debbie...
If you want to do some good, whyn't you ask her where Scar is? (grimly) She heard ya-all right... An' she knows... Unt osupanet cah-nay Scar? (meaning) (You know where Scar is?)
You ask her! Look! (she faces him) Scar?... (sign talk) Do you know where he went?
That camp you hit was Nawyecka Comanche... Chief Scar's bunch... (fascinated) Scar?
I know there were some captives recovered... (bitterly) Four of 'em dead... so we were told... (uncomfortably) Unfortunately, the hostiles murdered them as we developed the village... Are you sure they didn't die of carbine shots fired by a bunch o' Yank bluebellies so scared they couldn't tell the difference between a Cheyenne and a Comanche?
The other girl has risen almost in the same instant -- but more out of fear.
The boy got his skull cracked... Here's the girl... No... Well, we only got the one lead -- Scar...
Never heard of him... Cicatriz is Mex for Scar... an' he has a white girl in his tepee... Be seein' you... Buena suerte, Estrella... Hasta la vista.
(to Emilio) I came to trade, not to admire his collection... Tell him we're going to pitch camp across the crick... Maybe we can talk trade tomorrow.
You figger Scar means to kill us?
(Go away!)
She takes a frightened step back, as if to run.
Well, now, a man of my age just can't haul off and dance in cold blood... but if there's any of that wild cherry brandy of yours, Lars... (suddenly sober) Nooo... (change of heart) Yah, by golly...
(shouting it) Where's Scar, Mose... SCAR?
You were in Scar's camp... Ay-he... Made out I was crazy... (he giggles foolishly) Ate dirt... chewed grass...
I fooled 'em, Ethan!... an' I got away... Scar! Where's he holed in?
Ethan, you an' Martin are hereby appointed civilian scouts -- without pay... Charlie, hightail it to headquarters an' spread the word... Yes sir... My guns... Martie... don't go!
Did you notice them scalps strung on Scar's lance?
You wounded?
Sometimes we can't tell which technologies pose the threat of a monopoly.
I'm taking a shot in the dark, here.
Gotta go home.
You're scaring me.
Fire her.
I thought, instead of indulging all these paranoid delusions, risking my job, alienating Gary, scaring you, I should do something useful with my grief.
I was so worried about you.
And what's the risk?
He'd wake us in the middle of the night.
...Worse?
Wake up.
Stigma?
They fired you.
I gotta go.
(a hint of panic) Lay-offs?
I've done this house before.
So the dark paint wouldn't shine through the off-white.
(dryly) Big trees scare me.
They fired him.
Is there a problem?
(badly shaken) Where'd he call from?
The wind is.
(after a beat) Yeah.
In your arms.
She disappeared.
(startled) Yeah.
(dismayed) Nooo... she left the television.
Too bad.
(pointing to his chest) It isn't here.
Not at the house.
(to phone, scary calm) Listen to me, you worthless piece of disloyal shit.
If word gets out before we know what we're going to do, there'll be panic.
Who died?
Gotta go, Scotty.
(beat, reading) Should missiles or offensive weapons be placed in Cuba, it would present the gravest threat to U.S. national security.
We go into this split, the Russians will know it.
You're scared to cancel on Daly.
Damn right I'm scared.
We have a flight of Thunderchiefs able to respond within minutes of an attack on our planes.
But Castro's on alert and we're flying attack planes over their sites, on the deck.
It's an accident.
I hear you.
Back to work.
He didn't have to worry about nuclear weapons.
I'm afraid of spiders.
You're crazy!
You scare me.
Are you scared?
How awful!
With a razor?
Cut!
Beat it!
Tower.
Are you afraid?
I get strange shivers when I touch them.
Why aren't you filming in the rain?
You're crazy!
What the hell?
A rat.
Only a rat.
It's disgusting!
You die.
And worse!
And worse than before.
I'm going away.
I was so worried about you...
Your dinner is cold and I couldn't imagine what happened to you... Were you really worried about me or your stupid dinner was getting cold?
I worry about you...
When will you learn they fear you and they know how vulnerable you are now... if they can beat you down then they needn't worry about you coming back to haunt them.
They worry about me?
When it isn't --- (he slashes his throat with his finger) --- ZIPPPP!
You frightened me, Johann, I'm sorry... (softly) You have nothing to be sorry for... Fear isn't something controlled by man... fear can not be conferred with... there isn't anyway known to mankind where man can say to himself... "I will not be afraid"... Oh, certainly man can try to fight it... but faith and believing are man's only chance...
(yelling) YOU!
(to all the men) Aw, forget it... and that's probably his problem... he's forgotten how! (trying to suck him in) Wait a minute, you guys... show people have to be in a mood... (to Franz) Play a little music, like in a circus... There!
What the hell... ?
(venomously) What were you doing?
Can you hear it?
Hear it!
From a guard.
Wait'll you see! (a sigh of relief) For a moment there you had me worried.
What's so terrible about what we did?
I was only... (quietly, threatening) Look, it's not my order.
When you rule by fear, laughter is the most frightening sound in the world.
I was afraid to close both doors.
It's going to be dark soon.
(pressing close -- sensing his anxiety) Is it far?
An accident.
Escaped!
(his face close to Helmut's) Are you one of them, clown?
It's just dumb luck that the Russian and McKinney are the exact same height.
Wicked.
To have them executed.
Revenge.
That's an arm.
Drop it!
Two of them are scared.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
We gotta go now!
I'll kill you!
When's Romeo returnin' to the "hide out?' Soon as he's done apologizin' to his uncle for wreckin' his restaurant.
Just the ones who were a threat to us.
DJ... Trauma.
We've got pressure.
We still have pressure.
There are pressure suits in the Airlock.
It watches you.
I miss her.
She died.
In medical.
We've got enough to worry about.
Stop it!
He's crashing...
He got caught when the pressure doors sealed, one closed on his arm.
Watch me.
(growing panic) Starck, do you read me?
(whisper) Please... Oh, God, DJ, what do I... how do Please... kill... Oh God... Weir.
What...? Run! We're armed.
Your fear.
I am the dark behind the stars.
Where'd you hear that?
Stop.
It'll ruin it.
JIMMY (cont'd) They feel abandoned by our need for privacy and insecure because we no longer seek their approval.
You were scared and you were shaking.
I was scared at first.
About how your muscles looked and how dangerous it all seemed.
Stop it!
Bitch!
Stop.
You're so worried about that camera.
I owe it to you.
I miss you.
Is he dead?
He's dead.
It's the cops.
It's the cops.
Stop it.
He's dead.
You killed him.
Then we'll go away.
Stop here.
What I'm going to teach you will be frightening.
Do you hear that?
I die.
Yes, but, I'm afraid, okay?
Death.
It's the cops.
You're afraid if you get married you'll lose your muse.
Go away.
I must have scared the... I'm Harriet's friend, Charlie, and you must be... (hopefully) Ralph?
And... I'm gonna go now.
Boo.
About being a policeman.
Like the dream, you feel Harriet could be the one, so you start to suspect her of things, 'cause deep down you're scared that if she is the one, you'll marry, and marriage to you is death.
You're lying on your side, asleep, I could... stick a needle in your ear.
The truth is... I'm afraid that you are... (he can't) You're going to laugh.
Okay... the truth is that I'm afraid you're going to ki... leave me.
Gotta go.
Dead.
I'm on official business and I'm afraid I have to commandeer your vehicle.
(frightened) Harriet, I... I've been married before.
What was he in jail for?
You must be plenty worried about Lednov sneakin' up on us.
Then I was hanging on.
Afraid it will stop him growin'?
Stop worrying.
She's worried about where you're taking us.
So both of you stop worrying.
This is his problem.
That'd be swell.
But he had me worried -- that last one sounded so final.
That leg ain't good... We're staying here until dark.
Because I've been watching you.
I'll beat it.
And where he died.
It's the Intruder again!
(crowd gets scared) But X-Net opens soon!
Stop.
He escaped into a dark zone.
Tron attacked us!
You crashed him!
Try to attack Plexor head-on, this is what happens.
How do we attack Plexor next?
Flynn plans to attack me, doesn't he? Yes.
Heads shake somberly.
He's a control freak.
Sounds dangerous.
He takes up Tron's dark disk.
He buckles and shakes.
Rush looks worried for a second, ready to duck - Don't flinch, Rush!
Flynn Takes a hit in the chest.
I-beem shakes off his brainwashing.
X-Takks attack the group, including I-beem.
But Flynn - X-Takks attack along the ledge.
They're stunned.
Natasha, the Russian peasant, dressed oh-so-slowly...
What the hell?
Members of Antarctic research station attacked by mutant penguins.
Too nervous to speak.
Real God-fearing Americans live here.
I was a little worried.
I can't run around all the time doin' stuff or not doin' stuff because it's gonna make you worry!
(Stopping suddenly) Ssh...! Don't move.
(Suddenly dark) Hey -- I'm not kidding, Rudy.
That's too bad.
I gotta go.
You're fired!
Well -- And if I were you I'd be a little nervous about firing an employee I just had an affair with.
It frightens her.
They're watching you.
He is watching.
But back to work!
I'm afraid I am becoming ridiculous.
It's Kitty I'm sorry for--not you!
Oh, I'm sore with his feeding!
You're squeamish.
they say the Emperor dis- approves of the races . . . the danger of injury . . .
I can't bear you, I'm afraid of you, I hate you.
Stop.
Divorce?
What was the challenge about?
Die, then.
She's dying.
I'm afraid of death, though.
I'm afraid of her.
Stop.
The McCandless family increasingly panicked over Chris' absence, when almost magically, he appears in full cap and gown.
You scared the daylights out of me, jumping on to that stage, oh my god.
Suddenly a hot white light hits his face.
(as he drops the knife to the ground) Sorry.
Now Chris is worried.
Don't make me worry about you.
He walks out the door of his house into the street.
One-armed bandit.
Continue letter on screen: The stamp comes down onto an envelope addressed: Chris ports his kayak over the dunes, snaking a scar through the sand in his wake.
And I fear for the mother in her...
REVERSE ANGLE: The group of young runners, led by Chris suddenly veer off the paved road into the adjoining woods.
Chris shakes off the jog, picks up the jug, and we go with him around the side of the building.
He bends over to catch his breath, hands on knees.
You're crazy.
The bible says, "Be not overcome of evil, but overcome evil with good."
You see any danger out there? (laughs) The fear's worse than the reality.
Did you hear him?
I'm going to get you out, okay?
A minimum close protection team consists of four men for high threat targets and environments.
You were never late before, I was worried.
I think she's afraid of me.
Are you afraid of me?
Angina.
He responds badly to stress.
I have to watch you now.
"I used to run through the streets of Neza because I was scared of being fucked with.
Stop here.
Can you hear me?
At the drop.
His lawyer.
Out with the flu.
Poor thing called in with a fever... Yeah... She's not speaking to me at the moment.
It's a disaster.
(holding down panic) Lisa, you need to leave.
I'm sorry I'm such a mess but they won't let me take a shower or wash my hair.
It leaves a scar that never really heals.
She said she had something for Kyle... (instant panic) Oh my god! Where's Kyle?
Friday night traffic's gonna be a nightmare and they won't know the results til tomorrow.
I've missed you.
I've missed you, too.
I'm a little concerned.
Did you hear me?
(in pain; terrified, Please... Please?
(suddenly behind her) Careful.
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I have no idea what you're saying right now.
But I'm afraid I have to trust Floris on this one.
And don't forget, I comes before U. Floris, you're very nice, but I'm afraid Im in love with somebody else.
(upset) I'm afraid I... have no idea what you are saying... you bastard!
I want her to shiver in a spasm of ecstasy when I penetrate her.
(into phone) I gotta go back to work.
I've changed.
That was nasty.
Yes, yes, sweetheart, yes! Yes, yes, sweetheart, yes! (scared) What the fuck is going on?
I gotta go.
I have been to the dark side.
I'm nervous.
Um, I'm afraid there's not an empty seat in the entire house.
A scary dream?
Sleepy suddenly.
I am the Devil.
The devil was in it.
What the hell?
My nightmare is over.
(instantly nervous) Things?
Jim O'Connor, why don't you drop by and have a drink... (apologetic) Mrs. Kline, I'm sorry I'm late, but That's all right, but I'm afraid Billy was a little nervous... (she glances off screen) (to Ted, accusingly) You're late.
I was staying with this cousin of mine and my parents were supposed to come and pick me up by three, but it got later and later and they didn't and they didn't show up and I remember I got really scared that something had happened to them and I remember when they finally came instead of being happy to see them I was very angry and... Billy, I promise I'll never do that to you again, okay?... Billy?
Okay? (looking around nervous) It's very big...
(worried) Mom, I mean dad... (his mind elsewhere) Uh huh... That's not the right soap.
I promise you this is your show... Trust me on this one, Ted... (worried about something) Mom, I mean dad... (busy) In a minute... What do you do when an elephant sits on your fence?
(thoughtfully) Oh... Now go to sleep.
He has a scar, Joanna, from about here to here.
Don't let the bedbugs bite... (almost asleep again) See you in the morning light... (scared to do what he is about to do) Look, ah... Ted.
(panic) What?! What do you mean, I don't understand.
I need a job.
Does that distress you?
Are you going to get remarried?
(shaking his head) No. Will you and mommy get remarried?
Overruled.
(to the judge) While the child was in the care of the witness, he cut his face badly and is now scarred.
(worried) Daddy, what if The Face comes when I'm at mommy's?
I don't know, maybe that's all love is anyway... Ted, I think Billy should stay with you... (stunned) What? (she reaches out, takes his hand) He's already got one mother, he doesn't need two... He's yours... (her last ounce of reserve crumbles) I won't fight you for him any more.
Could he simply Talk to her! Just drop his fears and go?
Hiding?
And he was your Fagin and Stephen was his Artful Dodger, but it ended suddenly and badly.
You missed it?
THE CURATOR (cont'd) A little fear might suit you, I think.
Only as the creepy Frenchman.
Smugglers.
Bloom silently shrinks back in terror.
Penelope slumps pale faced in dark glasses.
Only movie thugs and Russians deal in suitcases of cash.
A schematic of the castle laid on the kitchen table.
When Penelope lifts her suddenly brightened eyes in a moment of divine inspiration, Bloom meets her gaze with fear.
Scared.
Fuckin scary.
Is this going to be more dangerous than I think, tomorrow?
We're obviously not going to deal with real Russians.
Our "Russians" have arrived.
To play the "Russians?"
Make it scary, think a movie version of the Russian mafia, but don't hassle her.
Malnourished and scared.
BLOOM (cont'd) You don't need to be afraid of him anymore.
I'm going to be sick.
He punches the dashboard again, helpless enraged and scared.
Then he's still.
The clock suddenly gives a discordant chime as it sounds the hour.
(In Russian) Shall we begin?
And in it is a long, bone-handled KNIFE.
But beneath the grime he's tanned and his eyes have a dangerous, feral edge.
Guillam sits at his desk over a pile of paper-work, slowly falling asleep.
We have Witchcraft.
Not much, I'm afraid.
What if each of us, whether we knew it or not, represented a threat to the Mole?
Changes.
Suddenly Irina withdraws.
And weaknesses.
It's dark outside.
Thesinger is asleep at his desk.
As the grave.
Suddenly he POINTS STRAIGHT AT HIM.
He breaks off in sudden impatience with himself.
Because he's a fanatic.
Thief?
That's what I'm dropping off.
He stops, seeing the anxiety on the boy's face.
As soon as the door is closed Prideaux crawls under the little chest of drawers, grimacing with pain, working an arm further in...
Prideaux shoots him a dangerous look.
In their panic, both men are addressing each other, momentarily forgetting Smiley.
(Suddenly) We are not the prize.
We're the bait.
Esterhase watches the approach with mounting anxiety.
The files were delivered to a Russian attache, weren't they?
Esterhase straightens himself, runs a palm through his hair, real fear on his face now.
Two men's voices start to speak in Russian.
A nervous Lacon is waiting on a corner, Guillam runs past.
It's bait.
Sir, the Speaker of the House attacked this administration on national television.
Get him one of the Russian beers.
We're under attack.
Fear will keep you alive.
You have one hour before we start killing hostages.
It'll wake you up.
This is an emergency.
This is an emergency.
We don't negotiate with terrorists.
(frightened) Maria... Maria Mitchell.
Scared.
We're scared.
And why are you scared?
Do you have to be so brutal?
That was war.
You can talk me through an emergency fuel dump.
Okay, hang on.
It's cut.
We have the hostages, we're getting more fuel.
My husband does not negotiate with terrorists.
This administration does not negotiate with terrorists.
This is your last warning.
Tower.
Tower, here.
The flu.
Is there a problem?
Everybody talks about how you left the Agency and got into the business and then how you went after the Russian, Nicholai Talinkov -- Tachlinkov.
Slow down.
He said he saw a woman with dark hair going into the building when he dropped it off.
You don't know that -- you're trying to scare me.
This is crazy.
I had an opponent.
A risk.
So? Do you hear them?
I mean, you make me nervous.
You're intimidating.
Because ten years ago, I was sitting in that chair, as scared shitless as you are now.
That you're sweating your balls off and I'm not.
(then, beginning again) My knees still knock when I do my free form.
On top of everything else, don't make me worry like that about you.
Chenille, her girls, that identity crisis Diggy.
She sounds suddenly defensive.
Patrick's suddenly intrigued.
Try gettin' up in the middle of the night to change diapers and give him bottles or stayin' up with him when he's sick and havin' to drag your ass to school the next day.
She turns, startled, a little afraid.
I get sick of that.
I gotta go.
Disappear.
I'm over a barrel and I need a job.
I was feeling a little sick at my (Impatiently) Well?
I couldn't let it out of my house.
Where's the fire?
That's why I took this job -- ghost writing!
C-3 A BEDROOM IN TIiE MAIN HOUSE Whose room was this?
To recover that knife you stuck in my back?
Dark Windows.
Go away.
They're awful.
Dark Windows.
I hear she was a terror to work with.
I was a little worried about the line of my throat.
I had a nightmare and I screamed for you.
(On the threshold) I don't know why I'm so scared, Joe.
Were you in fear of bodily injury?
When you have a stroke I'm going to abandon you on a park bench.
That lawyer.
Beat.
You're so retarded.
I surrender!
He killed himself.
T, What happened in the kitchen?
Wounded?
Stop.
Beat.
You slept with an Eskimo?
Beat.
Her eyes are sunken and she's fighting sleep.
(to Diane) She's asleep.
Beat.
A light rain falls.
And half of you says "Danger! Stay in your cave!
What are they nervous about?
They're nervous about everything.
She misses me.
Are you arresting me?
You hear me?
(after a beat) Yeah.
Why? You're the shrink.
There was a killing.
Used a knife.
Am I... disturbing you?
(scared) What are you talking about?
No. Come on -- I'm going to storm into his office in front of everybody in the afternoon and then that night I'm going to kill him?
I'd miss you.
I'll risk it.
What is your problem?
It was awful.
It scared me.
She's evil.
.38 revolver.
(after a beat) You did.
I missed you.
She kills him.
What the hell was she doing here?
The alarm was armed and we even had to cut the security chains to get in.
That is scary smart.
And you were worried that this was going to be unpleasant.
Bang.
Bang.
That's blackmail.
It's darker tonight than it was on your night.
That would be too dangerous.
What if we killed him?
That one's creepy to me.
I've been afraid of this since the day she was born.
It was slightly wet when whoever it was tracked it into the house and it stuck to the carpet fibers.
Do that outside.
The feeling will go away.
You were having a nightmare.
You want me to write it on my chest?
Hopeless.
Hit me in the chest with this... I'd kill ya.
(beat) So...
Crash?
Shake off the pitch.
Why you shaking me off?
In some profound way I fear that a last place team is a reflection on its women...
I think I'm gonna be sick -- Oh don't be silly.
Death is nothing to be scared of.
Crash...
Hi Crash.
I'm nervous -- my old man's here.
Nuke's scared cause his nostrils are jammed and his old man's here, we need a live rooster to take the curse off Jose's glove, and nobody knows what to get Jimmy and Millie for their wedding present -- there's a whole lotta shit we're trying to deal with -- Oh.
You missed him!
Crash says I gotta quit worrying about him -- c'mon, honey, we got a lotta catching up to do -- Nuke -- we do need to talk! (on phone) Hello?
(beat) You gotta play this game with fear and arrogance.
Fear and ignorance.
The funny thing is, I stopped worrying about Nuke.
Master Yoda, do you think it will really come to war? Worse than war, I fear...
Why couldn't we see this attack on the Senator?
And only those who have turned to the Dark Side can sense the possibilities of the future.
It's not an intruder I'm worried about.
It's dangerous near those power couplings!
Slow down!
Sorry, M'lady.
Sorry, M'lady.
Take good care of Dorme... the threat's on you two now.
I worry about you.
Suddenly, I'm afraid... I'm kinda scared too.
Recently I've been seeing her in my dreams... vivid dreams... scary dreams.
I worry about her.
They worried About me during the blockade and couldn't wait for it all to be over.
We've been worried about you.
It's unthinkable!
We were so worried.
(to Anakin) Is she? ...Yes... I'm afraid she is.
I think you're afraid to.
Cut it out.
My heart is beating, hoping that kiss will not become a scar.
He is anxious to see you.
(they shake hands) This is my girlfriend, Beru.
Please, please, I don't wish to have emergency powers.
It has nothing to do with politics, I'm afraid.
(Artoo beeps) You're scaring me!
(unaffected) Oh, how ya doin', Rex? Were you scared?
I was close to being scared that time.
An alien!
Buzz!!!
Now, it was an accident!
From the outside!
Stop it, you -- !
Once we go into Sid's house, we won't be coming out.
They're cannibals!
Buzz!
Buzz?
You sunk it!
Buzz!
It is Buzz.
Buzz!! What are you doing?
I'm out! ...almost ...there (nervous laugh) (in his sleep) I wanna ride the pony... Woody!
And Buzz is with him!
It is Buzz!
Hang on!
(Gently) That's creepy.
You take it up with them, I gotta go.
I'm here to warn you.
Where are we on this gun?
What the hell have you been doing.
I'm - prosecuting you.
On what grounds?
Arguably, in fear for his life.
Her rules.
Escaping.
To change.
We were scared.
It was like we were afraid to go forward, but we couldn't go back.
Shake the boxes.
The cereal boxes - shake 'em.
The hell are you doing here?
The gun is here.
She's reacting.
Hang on.
It's over, Hunter.
All right, tycoons, let's stop spending our credit and start worrying about the job at hand.
Where the hell are we?
Infrared -- noise.
Do you hear me?
What killed it?
So they died.
He died.
Still worried?
It was a warning.
(turning sick) Oh... God...
It paralyzes him... puts him into a coma... then keeps him alive.
It's dead.
(very nervous) Well, what the hell good can we do in here?
The parasites won.
It escaped.
(picking up the cat) Poor kitty; puss puss puss.
And the creature with it.
We'd be broke.
The flamethrower needs more fuel.
(horrified) Should we go outside and bring him in?
No good... it's eaten too much of me... (in horror) What can I do?
I'll be watching over you.
We've got minutes until it hits, not hours...Victor, that storm's deadly -- the radiation's lethal.
I was worried about you.
I should have done more, run more tests -- It was a freak of nature.
That is disgusting.
Hello, Operator?
Baby, you're scaring me.
It's still me.
What the hell is this?
Lose them.
God, I've been so worried about you.
Victor, your scar -- I told you, I'm fine.
It's you I'm worried about.
It was a catastrophe.
How bad is it?
Ben, I'm afraid I've got to ask -- Not unless you want that clipboard stretched up your -- O-kay.
And they're changing into...
I'm gonna go kill him now.
Your nightmare...is my dream.
Worry about yourself.
Remember our first date here...? God, I was so nervous.
I'm worried about you.
Stop him.
I'm sorry, sis, for leaving you guys -- No, I'm sorry, for pushing you out.
Painful...?
It's too dangerous.
Nice scar yuh got there.
Too bad, too.
She's afraid they'll deport her because she's illegal.
(fear building) This kid's threatening me and all he's worried about is a lawsuit.
(nervously) ...
(panicking) Look, I didn't mean nothin'.
They're still there.
Where's my watch?
Blood is everywhere.
Cesar emotes a silent panic-stricken scream.
(reticently) Hi. (concerned) Where'd you go the other night?
(still half asleep) What's the matter?
You're scaring me.
Spray painted threats like, "YOU'RE DEAD," "187-UM," "TEACHER-K" (crossed out) and a CARTOON VERSION OF Dimly lit.
Vato's scared.
He's crazy.
He's dead!
What's the big emergency?
Stop it.
Moving too slowly to be a comet or meteor, astronomers are baffled as to its origin... NEWSCASTERS (cont'd) (filtered) ...Widespread panic has gripped the countryside as thousands have taken to the streets and clogged the highways.
Can we expect the same kid of panic here as in Russia?
There are a lot of very frightened people out there right now.
They're going to attack... You're being paranoid.
That thing scares the piss out of me.
You hear me?
Who? Stop it!
What the hell's he doing here?
Fire at will.
(beat; scared) I'm not goin to die like mom, am You're going to be fine.
Can they be killed?
Mommy, we were worried.
(through tears) I'm scared, Tom.
What the hell are you doing!?
We've gotta burn the rain forest, Pops.
But from annihilation.
Hang on to this.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm out of missiles!
You scared the hell out of me.
What's wrong mommy?
You abandoned your kids!
Too bad.
Phillip wants to learn but he's always afraid he'll fall.
MEL ANIE (cont'd) He's afraid of the dark and cries himself to sleep at night saying his mommy doesn't love him.
You're dangerous.
What is your problem?
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
You guys got scared.
Gotta go.
Too bad.
You're afraid of your maid?
Of the divorce?
Bad.
Ned, it scares me to talk about these things.
I'm afraid to call.
I was afraid you wouldn't let me come.
I'm afraid of him, Ned.
I'll divorce him.
Why torture ourselves about it?
He has a gun! Where?
(shakes her head) No.
I'm afraid the problem is elsewhere.
In writing the will, I'm afraid Mr. Racine violated what's known as "the rule against perpetuities.
It means, I'm afraid, that Edmund's will is invalid.
I'm sorry our town is so hot for your visit.
Oops, gotta go.
I'm a little worried.
Yeah, I was afraid of that.
You ought to stop by one night and have a drink with the worker bees.
It's long form... he's flying in... Is Paul going? No, he won't be back... Ben and I are taking you... ...Don't tell me anyone's died... Hey Stephen... Who is this?
People are scared of you because they don't understand how you do it, and they love you for it.
That scares everybody and they all run and they hide.
We don't have to bomb anyone we don't have to invade anyone!
House members won't do.
She's threatening to release the story.
I Gotta go.
Shit, you scared me.
Nine times out of ten the fear candidate tends to be the most experienced...but in our presidential races the least experienced candidate almost always wins.
So he fired you.
Who's unstable.
You need a job that bad Stephen?
We're having a blood drive.
Now stop it.
Oh, they're calling me, I gotta go.
* Stop it.
I gotta go.
Rules ?
I feel bad for him.
y What the hell is that?
A sudden stream out of one * nostril.
That's what I'm worried about.
(nervous) I think so.
(scared) An, you can keep the cart if you like.
I miss him.
I'm afraid we under- ordered, sir.
I miss you.
I t's dangerous out here.
"Pain".
McGRATH Don't let the ear scare you.
(clears throat to recover falsetto) Looks can be deceivin'... dark stranger.
This gun?
What, are you afraid you're wrong?
I see a big ole spider up on the wall.
(over pipe) Who the hell's Miss Escobar? (grabs horn) I'm a frightened, starving, half- naked young woman who only wants to find her father!
What the hell is this?
I'm afraid it can't be that you're alive and well...
THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 77. is awakening from the effects of the billiard ball gas and tries to control her sense of dread and loathing.
I miss me, too.
Uh... There's a spider on your hand.
He puts the spider down into the sand.
Gordon suddenly disappears OUT OF FRAME.
Then, as or two heroes follow the tracks into the distance... towards Spider Canyon... Now... how about admitting you were lost?
The only change is that now a line of ants crawls across his face.
A shadow falls across them.
What the hell is that?
Intrigued.
But she probably shouldn't be teasing a man who's having "ghost aches" in certain amputated places.
A beat.
Knife Guy does a bad-ass series of moves.
West, unimpressed, retorts with a lame shake of his stiletto and boot.
And the fight begins... Knife Guy attacks!
West narrowly escapes each thrust of the knife, and attempts a kick to the groin... but comes up short -- The stiletto collides with one of the blades and snaps like a carrot.
How did we arrive in this dark situation?
And I'm so cotton-pickin' afraid of heights.
A beat.
Avoiding stress isn't the secret.
Trouble sleeping?
Gotta go wider on the public awareness campaign.
Sir, I'm afraid he's insisting.
I'm afraid my protocols are being overwritten.
This is urgent.
Scared of a little lightning?
Stark, we need a plan of attack!
Attack.
I missed you too.
With the Bifrost gone how much dark energy did the Allfather have to muster to conjure you here?
The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you idly threat.
You threaten my world with war.
It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does.
It's a nightmare.
I dread what he plans for him once he's done.
I was good, until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk!
Get him through the dark!
Are you an alien?
I got...I gotta go in though.
We need to get out!
I need men in these buildings.
Slow them down.
They're dangerous.
(re: Deng's weapon) Givin ya problems?
Are you military?
You crazy?
Even here they worry the LRA will attack at night.
The LRA attacked a village last night.
Me too, bug.
I'm sorry, buddy.
Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
-- out! -- In your actions you give service to the Lord... ... he's not interested in your good thoughts... your good intentions... he wants your hands... your backs... your sweat... your blood to pour into the foundation that will build up his kingdom!
What you are doing is noble, but too dangerous.
But I'm scared.
Scared one day I'll close my eyes to all this and make it somebody else's problem.
I wish you was there to pray with me, buddy.
It's ok -- we are a relief convoy -- We have only medical supplies -- non- Get on your knees!... Get down!... On your knees or we will take your legs!
They are scared once again.
But now they are scared of you.
I am worried about my friend.
We were so scared.
Stop!
(to the soldiers) Go on.
(beat) I'm...
I gotta go.
She's dead...
They killed her.
...and is that serious?
I'm gonna go.
You don't care who gets hurt.
I'm swell.
The hell with it.
(beat) I...
This is an emergency.
I was scared.
Scared you were gonna take one look at me and change your mind.
Scared I was walking into heartache.
That was me, that's what I was scared of.
He'll kill you.
What fear?
What's her greatest fear?
It's drowning.
What the hell is this?
So they'll have guns.
To do this robbery.
Hell.
What you gotta worry about first is the guards.
There's a security camera room that videotapes everything.
They'll have alarms.
Hell.
Hell.
Is he contagious?
Well sir, he's quite seriously deformed, and I fear the other patients would find him... rather shocking.
We don't want to frighten him more than he already is.
...As I said, it's only a physical problem... but I do feel that Mr. Merrick is very flattered that you're taking the time and trouble to meet him, and he's most anxious to make a good impression, so he might seem rather nervous.
I'm afraid that they weren't very encouraging, but they said they'd bring it up at their next committee meeting, so we should have their answers shortly.
The patient has an overwhelming fear of returning to the horrors of his past.
...terrible though his appearance is, so terrible indeed that women and nervous persons fly in terror from the sight of him, and that he is debarred from seeking to earn his livelihood in any ordinary way, yet he is superior in intelligence, can read and write, is quiet, gentle, not to say even refined in his mind.
He has been called The Elephant Man on account of his terrible deformity... ...His appearance is so terrible that woman and nervous persons fly in terror at the sight of him.
I'm afraid so, Mrs. Mothershead.
We don't want to scare him.
(still laughing but a trifle scared) Come on, Jack.
Aw, Bytes, he's sick.
I miss her.
Is he... dying then?
(worried) Dad?
Is it swelling up?
You get a nervous mother and you end up in a doctor's office and that's worse than school.
He's missed...
I'm so worried about falling behind.
You hear me?
(to Ferris) I'm scared shitless, Ferris!
I said for her to be there alone and you freaked!
Death.
Is there a problem?
Are you guys worried about nuclear war?
(dramatic, deadly serious) Do you know what a nuclear winter is? Yeah.
And SAT scores and acne aside, we worry about lonliness.
I'm very ill and I'm afraid... condition, I could take a DELIVERY MAN nasty spill and subject absenses... ROONEY (pause) at their places of DELIVERY MAN business.
It is a problem!
For him it's a problem.
But it's a problem for him!
I went home to confirm that the shithead was ditching school and a guy broke into the house and I called the cops and they picked me up for making a phoney phone call.
This is a shock to me.
For whatever reasons she did it, I think she'd had a good scare.
We've been worried sick! (to Rooney) Thank you for bringing him home, Mr. Rooney.
Suddenly he stops short, caught by something he sees O.S. Excitedly he points and begins to shout.
You damned near scared me to death!
(with concern) Are you worried about tomorrow?
(willing, but flustered) What, right now? - 48 - Wait, I'm afraid of heights!
(gasps) Oh, my God! It's terrifying!
She takes hold of it, then suddenly softens with a look of slight surprise.
- 49 - Oh...you are scared...aren't you? (seriously) Not really.
You are...You're trembling.
Rape?
We're shooting.
Raymond suddenly throws his hands up in despair.
Cameron enters, pausing so his eyes can adjust to the dark.
He's starting to panic.
Burt reappears, his face now toward camera, wild with terror.
That's where it stops.
(appeasingly) I wanted to, but I was scared.
If we were frightened, we woke each other in the dark...we slept in each other's arms... (interrupting) The word is "fuck!"
Why don't you let the kid go before he gets hurt?
The room is semi-dark, except for the nightstand light on Cameron's side, by which he studies the BOOKLET Eli gave him.
- 112 - (still in her own world) (eyes on the book) (not looking up) (reading) (jumping out of bed) - 113 - ...and you are beginning to scare me.
(he hangs up) For me.
Will I need a bayonet too? everything, the lady is afraid of him.
She stares in shock and horror.
- 132 - (tense and frightened) ...Then...I see this thing glowing in the dark...I hit that floor so fast.
That second I was sure...it was Charlie...a cigarette butt, some guy on a V.C. Patrol!... (his panic subsides) Know what it was?
I was freaked out of my head!
And, suddenly there's this big flashlight shining in my face.
It was a cop.
(suddenly serious) Oh, my God.
He died?
The needle hits sixty-five -- seventy -- climbing fast.
The needle hits eighty -- eighty-five.
Suddenly the red camera light goes on, the underwater camera behind him begins whirring.
Under the immense pressure, the rear window bursts inward, the river rushing in a wild torrent.
She gets out of the bath suddenly.
As they angle it up, Mark begins to panic.
He grimaces his way through it, but more in fear than in pain.
He screams, in fear more than pain.
Were you afraid at the thought of seeing me?
Suddenly, he panics.
It's too risky.
Mark grimaces, makes a strange noise.
At the moment he is fixated on penis- vagina and his anxiety is focused around that.
The root of his anxiety is his parents and his religion.
He has never seen female genitalia before and seems quite frightened by the idea.
My worry now is that it's never going to happen.
You nervous?
Suddenly, and with a big yell, Mark comes.
Does that shock you?
154 154 Hi, this is Rod.
Still?
I had my suspicions.
Stop it!
And now suddenly I can't touch them?
There will be a big flood.
That's disgusting.
Wake up Lil'bee.
This may sound a little crazy, but here's what you got to do... (in Russian) Get up! Follow me! Yuri bear, what are we doing?
Move Lil'bee!
Get in! (in Russian) Down there!
(in Russian) Pull yourself up!
He's still down there!
I was so worried about you.
Mum, will this do?
Can you hear me?
Stop that!
All the stuff the writers are scared to put in their books because people will think they're sick.
You're a monster.
You still with me?
Don't lose faith in me because I blew a couple of exams.
Watch.
I should smash you.
That's bad.
I'm afraid after her husband died she lost her will to live.
You're insane.
I'm afraid so.
Where are you bleeding?... wake up.
What the hell is this?
This is your problem.
There is jail.
Your pronunciation would be terrible, but I could manage -- All right.
(poor liar) ...so, I heard a noise in here and became concerned... Wrong.
I got sick of it.
You? Swell.
What the hell.
I'm hiding a weapon in my breasts.
But it's the cops who are after me.
Oh, except you're staying in the car.
I gotta go.
What's the problem now?
You were fired.
Is that bad?
My bad.
Watch me.
Aw.
Gotta go.
My mom was worried I wouldn't have plans for Xmas Eve.
I can see the bomb.
(starting to panic again) Milo... Ok, Ok.
Oh my god, what happened?
It was an accident.
Fear will be your enemy.
I'm scared.
(rubbing her sore feet) Especially for a man in heels.
Slow down.
Why do you shut me out?! Why do you shut the world out?! What are you so afraid of?! I said, enough!
Is there sorcery in you, too?
Are you a monster, too?
She was scared.
It's too dangerous.
Ugh! Oops.
FROZEN - J. Lee (trying to scare Anna) Hang on!
FROZEN - J. Lee (cheery, to Kristoff) Hi! You're creepy.
(panicking) FROZEN - J. Lee Anna.
(scared) Who's this?
To stop me?
Stop.
(then...panicking) Now what?! Oh! What am I gonna do?
(moved) They did? (nervous ramble) Yeah.
I don't want to scare you, they can be a little bit inappropriate...and loud...very loud...they're also stubborn at times, and a little overbearing.
Um...I'm gonna go-- FROZEN - J. Lee (panicking) Kristoff!
Anna, your life is in danger.
Go away!
Get her! Get her! FROZEN - J. Lee Queen Elsa! Don't be the monster they fear you are.
FROZEN - J. Lee But I'm a danger to Arendelle.
Anna! Oh, you had us worried sick.
You poor girl, you're freezing.
I need to get to Kristoff.
The house specialty.
The truth is I'm a little worried myself.
For what? Oh my God, I'm so sorry!
See, now you got me worried.
I'm dying.
"Lord, I do fear Thou'st made the world too beautiful this year!
I've been worse.
Where the hell you been?
I was worried.
So worried you fell asleep.
I've missed you.
She fell asleep.
And cowardly what I did was.
Stop.
She's in the hospital now.
You're such a god damn saint, so above it all, but you're scared to death!
The wall shakes) two, (they pound again.
They make me nervous.
You scared me half to death.
I changed it.
What the hell are you doing here?
Who the hell are you?
(sarcastic) Oh my God... I'm afraid this is gonna be too hard.
The pain.
You gotta go there.
I hear you.
(scared, in over his head) Who've you been talking to?
I've risked my job here.
You had me killed.
Give up the ghost.
I was worried.
He's dangerous.
He'll kill you, too.
Go away!
The police!
She's a thief.
Ted, we've been worried sick ever since you escaped from the Ronald Reagan Institute For The Mentally Feeble.
Ted's a danger to himself, he's a threat to this mission and his behavior does absolutely nothing to promote peace in the Middle East.
He might have his faults, but Simon doesn't know the meaning of the word fear and I need that in a man.
(looking at label) 'Fear,' to be afraid or over-anxious.
(nervously) That's okay.
Was it difficult?
Here, take one of these stress pills.
(to a male passenger) I'm afraid that leg's going to have to come off.
That's what worries me.
He's suicidal.
I'm afraid that computer is totally capable of taking control of that ship.
Get that bomb!
We have the bomb!! He's got the bomb!!
(looking at wristwatch) Are you afraid?
Are you afraid?
(to Stella) Are you afraid?
I can't afford to be afraid, Father.
(to Scraps) Are you afraid, Scraps?
Fifty-six percent of the passengers are afraid.
Heads between the knees!
What the hell's he doing here?
"That's nothing you need to worry about..." "What am I suppose to go to Michigan with you..." No, no, no.
This case.
This case.
The dungeon?
That trailer Woodward keeps in the school parking lot.
You've been in an accident!
They will kill you.
CUT!
My death?
Who are we supposed to be afraid of anyway?
And the military's at Woodward's house.
Mrs. Babbit, I don't believe the Russians have anything to do with what's happening in town-- but I'm calling the curfew because w-- Until you can tell me who's messing with us, I say it's the Soviets and we're at war.
You listen to me, I've got twelve thousand people in this town that are scared out of their minds-- they've got one person they can rely on -- it used to be someone else, but now it's just me.
So in the spirit of moving forward and avoiding more trouble, tell us where you put your research.
This case.
This whole evacuation thing's freaking me out.
We're going to the school to open the trailer Woodward had in the parking lot.
Where the hell you been?
-- whose house is this?
... It was an accident.
It was an accident.
-- come on-- damnit!
Can you hear me?
He was worried.
What killed him?
She's dying.
Gimme the big knife!
Gimme the big knife!
I'm gonna cut my throat!
Chrissy, gimme the big knife!
And now you're afraid because you found out the big part of you is a wolf that has the courage to bite off its own hand to save itself from the trap of the wrong love.
You are scared to death what the wolf will do if you make that mistake again!
Stop it!
I was dead.
I was dead, too.
This is your penance.
My lady friend has a personality disorder.
(Rose's comment strikes home) Ouch.
That's my predicament.
He says Hi. Bob stares out of the window, nodding, afraid he might start to cry.
Gotta go.
Suddenly the TERRACE LIGHT above them flickers and goes out.
Lyn and Bob sit in the dark.
(patting his pockets in the dark) Oh crap, can't find my...
His nervous looking MOTHER sits beside them.
strapped to his chest.
He stops.
Stop it!
Lyn starts to dance with a little more abandon.
(to the room) Okay remember everyone, we don't officially exist as a unit so I'm afraid there's no coffee budget.
Bill sits next to a nervous JEDI TRAINEE who is driving.
Terrified the Man sprints faster.
The SUV's are approaching a town and other cars have appeared on the road.
The Security Men on either side instantly lean out of their windows with their M-16's - aiming them at the cars which swerve out of their way in fear.
It's shock, okay?
It's just the shock.
If you start panicking now your heart's gonna stop.
Non-lethal mine, catapults the fucker up into air.
Attack Bees.
It's the Dark Side.
You missed them.
Little squirmy, creepy things that live in your intestine and... Please... We have an appointment in a half hour... Wow, sounds stressful.
We're lawyers.
I don't need a blood test.
Which is fine, except you're marrying my daughter and I'm afraid my grandchildren are going to be little assholes.
If I were you, I'd worry less about the shower and more about Rick's bachelor party.
Before or After I have my nervous breakfown?
Gross me out... (concerned) What do you think's gonna go on at the guys' party?
You hear me?
(frightened) Holy Dung is this thing!
(nervous) Think so?
They hung me from the window so high up it was so scary I fell down... Take hold of yourself.
You mean it's... Afraid so.
No... Well, I'm sorry the noise woke you.
I'm dead.
I'll stop him...
(continuing) I'm glad no one is panicking.
They fear the worst.
They hide their faces in their hands.
But if you come to me with your friendship, your loyalty, then your enemies become my enemies, and then, believe me, they would fear you... Be my friend.
You watch yourself.
Then he took an ax, and chopped one man's feet off... Michael... Then the legs at the knees... Michael you're trying to scare me... Then the thighs where they joined the torso.
...who out of sheer terror had swallowed the bath towel in his mouth and suffocated.
He's suppose to be very quick with the knife, or was, when he was younger.
Are you worried about security for your million?
Operator.
Have they killed him?
I know you're not in the muscle end of the family--so I don't want you to be afraid.
I'll worry about Luca.
I was worried when we couldn't get in touch with you in that hick town.
That worries me.
There's going to be trouble.
(frightened) He's awake.
Hey, they'll be scared stiff o you, believe me.
How bad will it be?
We don't let Mike go until we have the hostage, Sonny.
The gun will be there.
(frightened) Amerigo!
My wife was weeping before she fell asleep, outside my window I saw my caporegimes to the house, and it is midnight.
He has been killed.
That was my misfortune.
That was your misfortune.
She's afraid to.
She's hysterical.
I was afraid of this.
I need the job.
Well, you never can tell... (Vada gets worried look on her face) I might get a pet.
VADA?? What happened?? (extremely frightened and timid) My ball, I lost my ball.
I want you to show me how you see the world, your fears, your desires, your innermost secrets.
My fears and secrets.
I'm afraid I killed my mother.
It'll bleed.
I'm very nervous.
I stopped that!
It was..... Did I ruin this?
Stop it!
Vada there is no chicken bone stuck in your throat.
Why do you think she says that? Cause she gets scared of all those dead people in her house, and you know that saying, If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, well if she's one of them, she won't be as scared.
I fall asleep at the wheel.
I'm hemorrhaging.
(very weak, scared voice) I don't want, I don't need your help.... Vada, did this happen in the bathroom?
(beginning to look worried) I told him not to tease those bees.
He was allergic to bees.
(extremely worried) He's okay isn't he? (shakes head, near tears) There were just too many of 'em.
The bee stings!
(the minister notices Vada coming around the front of the room) He laid his hands on their heads before he left that place, let us pray in silence.
What?? The bees killed Thomas J, and I killed my mother.
I mean, be dangerous (Vada enters the back of the room) And unpredictable.
What the hell are you doing out there?
We reveal that CHEV'S car is BLASTING THROUGH THE INSIDE OF A SHOPPING MALL, screaming past frozen yogurt and Big n Tall shops, missing terrified shoppers by inches.
KAYLO nods quickly, freaked out.
KAYLO shakes his head NO.
CHEV disappears through the swinging doors to the kitchen.
LEX continues through the kitchen with a distinct lack of caution - everyone's been afraid of the big man all his life - drawing a gun from inside his coat as he goes.
Suddenly he jumps straight up in the air.
Chest is on fire.
He begins to hop around maniacally, taunting the COP, as everyone panics and tries to reverse out of the traffic snarl, SLAMMING INTO FENDERS, driving up onto the sidewalk, etc. (tossing the gun up and catching it) You want it?
HEV starts to burn the bike out as the COP hangs on, dragging.
EVE stops suddenly in front of her door - CHEV practically PILES into her.
The HOOD drops to his knees, eyes rolling back in his head, blood rushing from his nose.
CHEV is wearing DARK GLASSES to go with his 80's hair and jogger.
We see that KAYLO is duct taped to an office chair in what appears to be an old warehouse, knife to his neck, held by unseen captors.
A hand presses the knife closer to his throat.
(gulping) Yeah.
What the hell.
The poison?
How can we stop it?
TORE EMPLOYEES and CUSTOMERS start bailing out of the store in a PANIC as she approaches the front doors.
He's well dressed in a sportcoat, slacks, button down shirt and tie, flapping in the wind ... sunglasses, and look of brutal determination on his face ... I'm scared.
I'm the Terminator.
No, this was the best way for a guy like you: a slow, ticking clock... winding down... inevitable... non-negotiable... until... (cutting him off) Who the hell are you, anyway?
The PILOT starts to lift off in a blue panic.
CHEV has VERONA locked up; both men are fighting with just one hand ... VERONA manages to work his up to CHEV'S shoulder, where the steel needle still pokes through.
What buzz?
(he suddenly stops) You hear that?
What's a trouser snake?
My bad.
I hear that.
Steve, the tenor of Tinseltown is one of terror today, after the Federal Wildlife Marshal's Office learned that hot, new terrorists Jay and Silent Bob are targeting Miramax Studios for their next campaign of blood, violence and monkey-theft.
Sorry to interrupt, sirs, but have a ten-oh-seven on our hands.
Oh my God-- (to kids) Um--sorry.
(beat) The intruder cut Charles Leeds' throat as he lay asleep beside Mrs. Leeds.
That's the postmortem ligature on his chest.
You're insane.
Your hands are rough.
He was cutting her.
I shot him.
' (beat) That's when Graham had his nervous breakdown.
A fear of being gay.
Bur fear is not what you owe me.
(beat) 'Will Graham: you will learn from my own lips how much you have to dread.
That's what's missing for me.
I ought to jam this in your chest, and drain your heart...
Why fight it?
Fight what?
It's Dragon.
I... (suddenly realizing who he is) Oh, Jesus... Come in.
Well, okay, it's - Except that you were gonna be here at 7:30.
Gotta go?
Aw, you can sleep, hon.
We've incurred risks, Jerry.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm so sorry, baby.
Is that a problem?
There's no smoking in here, I'm afraid.
I gotta go.
A casket.
There are... rules.
What the hell?
I need to get off the plane.
(into casket) Hello there.
In a hearse?
Which parts the surprise: The fact that you're in a bright yellow hearse, the fact that you're dressed like something out of a horror film, or the fact that you're half a mile from the terminal and they're gonna have to walk across two runways to reach you?
We're drowning in triplicate!
I'm afraid we have no official notification of death.
And so soon... Sorry Barb, gotta go.
A big yellow car.
What the hell are you doing?
You worry too much.
It's a dinosaur.
You frighten him.
And now I've stopped.
If you want to catch someone in the dark, it's best not to turn on big flashing lights and make a loud noise with a siren.
I'm getting sick of sand.
(taking charge) Okay -- here's what happened tonight -- poor Christy came home alone and interrupted a burglary.
He sinks to one knee.
If she interrupted a burglary, she should have been here -- (moving to the bed now) -- she was killed where she is -- all the blood patterns indicate that.
Stunned.
He is with her again now, at the morgue.
And he's a burglar.
It's the middle of the night.
Luther turns the weapon over and over in his big hands... Burton is alone in his car, exiting the gate and driving * home.
Entering a nightmare.
NOISE in the b.g.
She had a point-21 blood alcohol level.
(shakes his head) Your robber actually went in the front door but came out down a rope in the dark in the middle of the night?
Seth enters and they shake.
What scares a professional thief like that?
... No... It's the truth -- you are worried about him -- this isn't your normal case -- his life may be in danger -- you can save him, make the call -- ...
(moving in) Kate, he's on the run and he's scared and he's right to be scared because he's going to get caught -- you don't know the heat on this.
Stunned.
Trembling.
It's worse for her.
Luther and Kate as suddenly the umbrella at their table is severed and starts to topple.
They'll kill you.
It's dangerous outside.
* Russell, a quick glint of panic, a gentle peal of feminine laughter.
PULL BACK to reveal -- Early evening now, getting dark, and the ambulance braking in front of the emergency room of a large city hospital -- -- as doctors and attendants with gurneys come pouring out -- A private room.
And now suddenly Collin is barely breathing -- -- because the other doctor's arms have viced around Collin's neck, forcing the air out of him.
He's young and power- ful and he's been in terrible situations before and he knows how to fight and he's been taught to defend himself and -- -- tough shit -- -- the doctor -- it's Luther -- relentlessly increases the pressure against Collin's throat -- -- Collin can't even gasp now -- -- his feet can't kick anymore -- -- his body starts to go limp -- -- his eyes start to slide up into his head -- -- silence in the room -- -- it's almost over -- -- which is when suddenly Luther lets go.
-- and now he jams the needle against Collin's neck.
A dumpster outside -- -- the gurney is there -- -- the figure isn't -- -- the sound of a CAR GUNNING into the night and we -- Seth coming out of the shower.
A White House SECURITY GUARD as Walter approaches.
-- Burton has blown his brains out.
(freaking out) Hey!
Why? (panicking) We should go, we shouldn't be here!
Dude, I was so scared going back, I thought there was gonna be guys there, and then you'd be gone, and there was this music in my head- We'll take the stairs, it'll be faster.
What did you say? (incredibly afraid) I didn't say shit, man!
Dude, this is the scariest place I've ever been in my life.
-white accent walls would go nice with a dark colored room, say a burnt sienna, but don't forget... Talk radio?
Wake up.
We were in the forest laying low.
Oh, I uh... (feeling his split lip) ...I got a cold sore, I've never got one before.
A cold sore?
Wait! I...I... No! Ow! Fuck, man! Stop it.
You hear that?
Stop it.
Bend over.
I miss you.
She was worried `cause I didn't show up to help with the locks.
Do I make you nervous, Corky?
She promised me it wouldn't hurt, but it was sore for a long time after.
What are you afraid of?
He came to see me yesterday because he was afraid Caesar figured it out.
I'll catch him in the bathroom mirror touching his scars.
Caesar was nervous, kept cleaning the apartment.
An accident.
It was an accident.
I'm getting nervous, really nervous.
This is an emergency!
This is the police, ma'am.
The police?
I'm still here.
I was so afraid you ...
It's why I'm still here.
Drop it!
You scared the shit outta me.
We was worried about you, Cease.
Actually, yeah, she was nervous about Gino coming, wanted everything to look right.
He made me help him, Mickey, God, I was so afraid.
Stop!
Right, which is probably why Lil was wearing a red wig meaning we are headed into a dangerous situation.
Accidental?
Where are we going to sleep?
Sorry we woke you up.
You didn't do your homework?
Why are you suddenly so interested in who I am going to see at night?
But now I'm afraid.
I am so afraid.
(handing him the diary) It _is_ dangerous for you to have it.
(suspicion and paranoia) What were you doing in my room?
I gotta go.
Stop it.
I gotta go.
Go away.
Buck.
(to Laura, a little afraid) What are you doing?
What are you afraid of?
I guess it must have gotten stuck in his uvula because right away he started to have trouble.
His throat began to flutter there like there was a wind blowing.
I had a severe headache and I was driving in the neighborhood so I just darted in and out of the house.
A little trouble with your parents is the least of your worries and something I am certainly willing to put up with.
(whispering threat) Stay away from me.
The trees... the trees... (confused and terrified) Laura... (from far away she screams) Right on time, baby.
You're unemployable.
Change?
Fly.
But I gotta go.
Nothing yet, but I'm gonna shake 'em own for information at lunch.
It's these two other guys that have me worried.
What the hell is this?
I'm getting nervous, Harry.
Did you kill him, too?
No need to worry about Melvin.
Kill her.
t Can you hear me? .
Can you hear me?
I'm in a predicament.
(points to one EEG; then the other) This is him asleep.
When he's asleep he manages to create a kind of reality.
kill them?
She holds the glass to her son's lips and gradually drains the liquid down his throat.
Everyone's asleep> I'm not asleep?
Fearing the worst -- What'd she say?
This is what they've forgotten.
Lowe, I ' m sorry, I ' m afraid I don't understand.
Scared.
They both watch.
I'm intrigued.
I had the most terrible nightmare I ever had.
Oh my God! Danny what happened to your neck?
I was afraid they were going to be there until next April.
That's swell.
He's still asleep.
I'm afraid it's advocaat sir.
And you are concerned about him?
And are you concerned about me?
Stop it!
Go away from me.
Go away.
I fear that you will have to deal with this matter in the harshest possible way, Mr. Torrance.
I fear that is the only thing to do.
Stop it!
Stop it!
And I'm afraid.
Oh god, I'm so afraid of... What?
What are you afraid of?
She sounded terrified.
I was scared.
I'm gonna have the police check on the house.
(beat) Are you there?
He killed her.
It's a flare.
Stop.
Because he was worried about me.
Why is he worried?
There's a ghost in my house.
Shit... Did you see that? (to ghost) What happened to you? Oh God...
He killed her.
Ever since the accident I've been worried that you'd been unhappy, or...
You were in an accident?
Nothing serious, this... (she indicates her scar) ...a minor concussion.
I think it scared the hell out of Norman.
What were you so afraid of?
That's not a metaphor, that's...And I panicked.
I'm sorry that I frightened you like that.
Bitch.
I miss you.
A ghost? Did you?
(to Norman) Everyone's very anxious to shake hands with our newest academic celebrity.
No. (beat) I'm afraid to ask what this is about.
(solemnly) It's her.
The ghost.
You let us worry about that.
That's an intrusion.
I worry about you.
You worried about me, too?
Solis is worried about me.
You miss me?
He misses me.
Now, suddenly, for one night, you need me again.
Is the hostage injured?
Okay, stop.
He was holding a gun on the hostages while he was talking to me.
His demeanor is calm and controlled, that's what really scares me.
You're crazy.
You think you can scare me off? (a laugh) Why don't you come in here and kick my ass?
You came here to threaten me?
The government.
Is there a problem?
Now I gotta go take a leak.
(to Roper) How are we going to get me in there?
What did you have to do, steal them?
I'll worry about that.
(in pain) I'm okay.
You crazy?
I'm allergic to bees.
I'm afraid I'm allergic to strawberries.
She died.
And you're worried about him.
I'm worried about him, he's worried about me, I ride my bike to school, he follows in the car, like I'm not supposed to know he's there.
And you crazy?
(beat) Okay.
(beat) I'll take you to the Russian Tea Room for pelmeni.
I miss her.
It is easier to be killed by a terrorist -- It is not -- Right, right.
But how am I going to get there?
I think I got nervous.
I'll kill him.
I was scared of what you were gonna do.
I'm afraid Dino's going to have to manage on leftovers from Pebbles and me.
The only thing that's gonna eat you up is -- me! (giggling, calming) I'm still a little scared... Pebbles, don't worry.
(as Wilma clears her throat) 'Bye, big sweetheart.
It looks dangerous.
Bankrupt?
Why? Oh, me and Barn, we suddenly realized that we had a little spare change.
Rubble!
Then Barney runs up, shakes him by the shoulders.
(genuinely worried) Oh, no!
That -- that's horrible!
Well, I wouldn't go that far... Suddenly they're interrupted by the sound of a SIREN.
Suddenly, with a crash, the doors go down!
It's uncanny.
The house is dark, forlorn in the fading twilight.
Suddenly both men (pardon, man and xenosaurus) react to an approaching SIREN.
(Note to herpetologists: The pythonosaurus is not quite a snake: it has little vestigial forepaws the better to emote with.
(panicking) Oh, geez, we're all gonna croak -- I neva shoulda left Far Rockaway -- Wilma gives her a big suspicious look -- blanching, the Headmistress slides down the cable -- The rescue teams catch the people in nets as they hit the ground.
Warning.
Warning.
I'm scared too.
Sadly I fear you have far more dire deeds in store for you.
Danger is everywhere, 'Yet the Space Captive is fearless as she...
Stop.
She's dying.
You're a monster.
She's dying.
Fight.
You should try to look less worried.
Kill.
And she finds- She finds that out here, in the dark and cold, she's scared, and she's kind of glad they're all together.
Evacuate.
I can't move him without letting the spiders into the ship.
A fate I fear may be inevitable one way or another.
Can you hear me?
(sounding out the code) Danger.
Slow down, now.
And I for one am frightened.
Wake up.
The pain.
Wake up.
Chertkov nods his approval, begins to worry his moustache.
She disappears.
It was difficult.
Closing his eyes, he begins to drift off when there is a noise outside his door.
Chertkov nervous, tugs at his moustache.
We push in on Sofya's anxious face.
She disappears.
What are you afraid of?
I'm afraid of you.
Your work is the birthright of the Russian people.
It'll be dark soon.
Sasha is overcome.
She's dead.
She's dead.
Sofya is suddenly clear, almost calm.
I am the leper outside the gate, while he sleeps with the devil himself.
The blood! Oh my God.
She is scared to death.
Then why's he still here?
Worried about Melinda and Hal?
(Toot waits) Okay, pray.
You crazy?
Kill it!
I can hear him!
What if he escapes?
That's swell.
Cup.
No salesmen in the middle of the night!
Why do you have so many scars?
You be still now.
I dreamed you were wandering in the dark, and so was I. We found each other.
--and how you pissed yourself like a frightened little girl.
Hell?
But when my friends are threatened and abused, I do not let it be.
I've been worried about you.
(scared) Who's there?
It's Buttle downstairs who can worry, eh?
I lift the wrinkles and worry lines right up into the wi- into the hairline, comme ca ...
Still is.
(panics quietly) (conspiratorially) Between you and me, Mademoiselle, today the number one.
(ushering them to the door) I'm sorry, but I'm a bit of a stickler for paper work.
(depressed.
(indicting cheque) It's a refund ... I'm afraid there was a mistake.
Um ... Look, I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid I don't know anything about it ... I'm really just delivering the cheque.
Wait! Stop! Come back!! Girl ... fair hair ... (shouting) Wait!
(reading) Gillian Layton, age twenty three, eyes, blue, hair, black, weight, one hundred and twenty-one pounds, distinguishing marks, blemish on right shoulder, scar on left elbow It's a start isn't it.
For my sins.
You killed him?
(frantic) What are you doing?
Weird isn't it.
Anyway you're in danger and I think we should get out of here, now, quick!
(beside himself with panic) Alright!
Go away.
........... It's a bomb isn't it?
(anxiety giving way to anger) You don't deserve to be!
I was worried sick about you ... I thought ... (through kiss) They're gone.
I'm afraid I can't, sir.
I've killed you.
All this is going to take time and money, and I'm afraid, according to your bank statement and credit rating here, you're likely to be in deep financial trouble by the end of it.
Sam, I think I ought to tell you ... I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavilion.
The odd thing is it appears to have happened twice ... a bit of a disputed call, I'm afraid.
I'm frightened!
Detonate!
Caroline turns to Toby, her face worried.
Watching?
And stop that.
Awful.
They're dying now.
While he was flying.
(as he shakes his head "no") He didn't do it.
You steal from Marian's purse -- I just can't handle you anymore, and it scares me.
Acting more like, 'Oh gee, I'm so scared, please don't hurt me.' Sort of like this: So I say, 'Excuse me, but what's the problem?'
I'm afraid I'll hurt you.
(taken aback) Jack, I think you've made your mother nervous, so why don't we just go on to Scouts and let her rest?
Because you're an alien.
I don't know what you -- Suddenly Dwight is across the floor and onto the bed.
Gorilla blood.
She's changed.
I turned around and walked back to him, acting so dainty and humble and scared, you know, all innocent -- and the minute he took his eyes off me, BLAM, I dry gulched him!
Ooooooh, oh, I'm so scared.
Suddenly a two-inch- thick manilla envelope plops down beside him.
Suddenly he jerks, looks down, and sees that the ring finger of his left hand is spurting blood.
I'll miss you.
That's crazy.
How was the war?
Stop it!
As the viewer, I get to decide what it is, I'm afraid.
(recorded) I told you, that makes me nervous.
Still.
Dangerous.
Dangerous.
Sounds dangerous.
They'll still be here.
(to Tabby) So darling, when are you going to bite the bullet and do the seating arrangement?
Pants down?
Stop it!
Shrek the Third - Final Screening Script 3. Prepare foul beast- (shaking his sword again) Someday you'll be sorry.
Oh, my butt is itching up a storm and I can't reach it in this monkey suit!
I am an ogre!
I gotta go.
Yeah... Me too... you... I'm gonna be an Uncle.
I'm gonna be an Uncle!
I'm gonna be an Uncle!
Poisoned?
Oh, plague is bad.
The coughing, the groaning, the festering sores.
Oh! Festering sores!
He was the school's magic teacher until he had his nervous breakdown.
Even ogres get scared...you know, once in a while.
It's the ogre!
Now... (playing the scene out Shrek attacks me, I pretend to be afraid.
Kill it!
But we are Villains.
You gonna go home and sleep, right?
We gonna go to Frisco again?
I need my job back.
But I need this job man.
Dark butter?
So I say, "what's dark butter sweetheart?"
Is there a problem here?
We gonna go to Frisco.
Sophina sighs, pulls out her cell phone, and heads out of the kitchen.
She heads into the kitchen to wash.
Thought she was gonna have to go in the street.
What's stopping you?
They shake hands.
Salazar pushes Brandon in his chest.
Is he dead?
They shot him.
It's the bleeding.
Yeah but I'm serious.
Uhhh...I am sooo tired...I stayed up too late last night, what about you, when did you go to sleep?
You don't do anything, why are you being scared?
That's insane.
...what the hell?
Are you serious with this?
I gotta go.
You're so scared.
Reese starts for the house.
What'd he die of?
Not a very good one I'm afraid.
(frightened) Frank!
Andrew was worried about how it would look.
What changed?
(hurt; into phone) I gotta go.
I went out on the boat.
(concerned) Alone?
I warn you now.
Horrible.
He was worried.
Are you scared?
Eventually I started to have trouble breathing.
You're a monster.
He'd call me in the middle of the night.
I was fired.
Stop it!
Let me go! Godammit, Frank let go! (racked with fear) Daddy -- stop it!
God -- I'm so sorry.
Shoot him.
Kill him!
A light RAIN falls.
The old man is panicked, great patches of sweat spreading around his armpits.
I got this terrible fear of being locked in... Goddamn women... Ah shit.
Nobody has said hostage yet.
Have they got hostages?
...the robber, whose identity is not known, came out of the bank, with a hostage, Mrs. Sylvia Ball... (proud) Did I tell you?
Who the hell is that?
I was so scared of him, I never been scared of Sonny never.
But you shot him.
And then you are Him and one with the Holy Ghost.
Because I'm scared, that's why.
You stopped?
I want the hostages.
It was terrible.
You are under arrest.
That's why I'm nervous, because I'm always thinking some day he's gonna come along and ring the bell... Keep your eyes front.
Urgent!
Hmmm... Umm-hmm... Siddown.
(worried) Hmmm.
It's only natural in a period of transition for the more nervous element to run for cover.
He's concerned.
Does it have rules?
He's on the line!
And I'm ruined!
Ruined!
-- After me! Buzz!
Fired!
You're fired!
Diagnosis, Dr. Bromfenbrenner?
...It's a fad.
My demise.
Crazy.
I am suffocating.
Regular office hours -- nine to three -- and if occasionally there's an emergency call in the middle of the night, I know it's going be appendicitis and not an ax murder.
Kill you?
You're shivering, my dear.
Poor thing.
An accident.
The monster!
The monster?
We have so far investigated eight drafty castles -- had our bicycles attacked by sheep and our ears assaulted by bagpipes -- and we are exactly where we started.
A bee.
Too bad.
I have come face to face with man-eating tigers -- I was once caught in a stampede of wild elephants -- India, you know -- but I wasn't half as frightened.
The dungeon?
Alert.
Did they crash?
(terrified) I told you!
I've got the sick bay ready.
Who the hell are they?
It was Khan!
Do you hear me?
Khan -- !
Who is Khan?
Why are we slowing?
Tactical!
As I feared, sir.
Fire.
I'm afraid I can't stop to discuss this logically -- (in horror) Spock -- get out of there!
The ship -- out of danger?
(suddenly focused) I'm not that drunk.
Beat.
She MOANS again.
I was worried.
I fell asleep in my car.
I worry, baby.
Beat.
Oh, sorry -- I thought there was a crack there... (grins) ...but you must have smoked it last night.
I'm gonna go.
Watch me!
Half-asleep, Charlie rolls over onto the pee-soaked part of the bed.
You work from our kitchen.
It was awful.
(shocked) You? Yeah, me.
The dumb drunk stuff has gone from embarrassing to scary.
I'm an alcoholic.
* Crush?
Yeah, crush.
Beat.
I lied -- to the class and to you -- because I was scared.
And she fired me.
I gotta go.
Stop it!
Then how're you beating me?
Stop it.
Beat.
I used to worry about you.
It's gonna get dark soon.
(deep macho voice) Ohhh, tell me you're a nasty girl!
What the hell?
What the hell is that?
Gotta go.
It is too bad.
He stops.
(immediately sensing danger) Oh no, Stifler, what did you do?
Oh, and he also told me that sometimes when he gets nervous he wets his pants.
You gotta go.
A Russian unit, outta PSA 2 in Brighton.
My son-in-law, he worries people take advantage of me.
I do, I'm serious!
I'm gonna go home.
I gotta go.
It's bad.
For the police.
Well, why's he goin' back to work so soon, anyway?
On the ground!
Where in government?
Beats me.
(blind panic) Good God!
(WOODWARD and BERNSTEIN listen, and now there is something in her voice that wasn't there before: fear) I remember getting that material out for somebody, but it wasn't Mr. Hunt.
(shakes his head) Not good enough.
I'm still here.
(reaching over) Hey, easy... (headshake) We're a long way from high school, Carl... (she looks at him) ...and I'm scared.
And?--And?-- (looks at BERNSTEIN) --she was panicked, Carl--every time I mentioned Watergate, you could tell.
(shakes his head "no") It was there.
I just don't get it; a CREEP secretary being scared, that's one thing.
But what does the wife of one of the most powerful men in America have to be afraid of...? Left up ahead.
It's not us, they were scared before we got there.
But I want you to know that I understand why you're afraid--a lot of good people down there at the Committee are afraid.
(her words are coming faster) I can't be positive that it was used for the break-in but people sure are worried.
Nothing--I just found out that Jeb Magruder from CREEP is a bigger bike freak than I am.
You guys haven't been wrong yet, is that why you're scared shitless?
The Times had already been stopped from publishing anymore of them and all my legal counsel said "don't, don't" and I was frightened but I knew if I said no, I'd lose the whole fifth floor.
I don't know anything about Haldeman, except, Dwight's frightened of him-- everybody's frightened of him--Christ, I wish I'd never gotten messed around with this--all I wanna do is sit in the sun; sit, swim, see some girls.
I was being cautious.
(nods) I wish we were investigating Attila the Hun.
How many fucking sources they think we got?-- --Deep Throat won't confirm--I never thought he was scared of anyone, but he's scared of Haldeman.
We gotta go see Bradlee--I'll fill you in in the car.
Deep Throat says so.
Bible freak.
Your blood alcohol level.
I'm worrying about other things.
Reckless.
You die.
But the real reason you're scared?
I'm stopping.
(disdainful) Praying.
Are you frightened?
I'm failing you.
Do I look scary?
Are you crazy?
(nervous) Hello.
You made me feel terrible.
Hear me out.
(a beat) Have you?
First time I laid eyes on ya', I knew you were too complicated to be a whore.
Stop.
Once Abraham raised the knife, in his heart it was as if he'd killed him.
By the end he can't tell Jacob from Esau.... Watch your language.... (rising impassioned) I think the whole Jewish people were permanently scarred by what happened on Mt.
Moriah, and we still live in terror.... Fear of God is the beginning of wisdom.
Fear of God makes you afraid of everything.
All the Jews are good at is being afraid.
(pleased by this) Curtis is afraid you'll marginalize us.
Doing your homework.
What the hell do you have?
We have a problem here?
But don't come through the house, they'll hear you.
Fire...
Shotness?
I'm stealing it.
Who'd you kill?
Slow... Do it!
(indicates a chair) We want to talk to you about something.... (as they sit, Danny nervous) We're about to launch an aboveground, intellectually serious fascist movement.
You? Killed him?
That's not him, that guy was darker....
I'm going to get a cop.
Now daven.... (panic, confusion) Who's that?... What is he...oh, my God... (calm, forceful) Put down the weapon.
(terror-filled) Don't hit the face!
Please, I need my hands to work -- Christ, don't bust my thumbs.
That's it, I'm broke.
Hey, hear ya knocked Spider Rice out in the sixth?
Spider Rice.
You think everybody I fight is a bum.
Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious.
Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid.
By accident?
A few bucks.
Where else am I gonna go.
Freak luck for sure.
Derogatory?
(to the crew) See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt -- If yo're afraid to fight me, then get down an' kiss my feet, boy.
You gave me knots in here every day -- you made me scared of everything!
-- You owe me!
Owe you what?
You busted?! What?!
I gotta go out for a while.
Attack -- Attack -- Attack! (to Trainer) ... That boy damn near broke my arm.
You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad.
You're hopeless.
I gotta go to work.
I heard you, your voice carries... They're still wet.
Armed robbery.
Cop killers represent a special priority because any man crazy enough to kill a cop is a greater threat to an unarmed civilian...
A cop...
Police!
You drop it.
We missed.
I had it impounded.
I've already got enough to worry about.
He's crazy.
He's gonna go for it.
Worry about school when you get home.
Yeah, statistics don't work on smokers.
(nervous laughter) Oh, shut-up.
What the hell?
Joe is nervous.
What's your biggest fear?
Death.
What if everyone went home? (angered out of panic) Will you stop?! (recovering) They didn't go home.
Shut off the lights and scare the customers?
That's retarded.
We need to get down from here.
Panic sets in yet again.
Stop.
We'll die.
(aside to Dan) I'm so scared.
I'm gonna go with...oh yeah...these skis!
How bad is it?
It's bad.
Um...? ...so much blood.
Thunder shakes the mountain side.
Dan takes his gloves away from his face...only to freeze in horror.
He is shaking in fear.
They're more scared of you than you are of them.
I'm pretty scared, I gotta be honest.
The poor thing.
Lynch has the start of his own frost-bite on his ears and nose.
Beginning to panic, she jerks her hand hard, taking the bar up about half an inch with it.
Still.
Is she dead?
(to herself) Lynch.
The lone metal bolt protests the movement and makes metallic threats to snap.
Stop.
Guy with a voice is a guy with a throat.
Slows me down.
She shot me.
We missed you too.
She was volatile.
Hell yeah.
Max thinks the country's lost it's way, gone soft in the War on Terror!
Okay, they need to get dead.
We're gonna need a new bomb.
Sorry I threatened to cut your head off.
I'm warning you, man, I'm a lethal weapon...
Turned me into a dangerous Telekinetic.
Should we be worried?
You don't have a knife?
This is the police.
Do you hear me?
Do you hear me?
Do you hear me?
Oh God, man... don't shoot me... My mistake... I'm sorry...
Gun... Down... Down.
When a citizen went to her rescue the kidnapper threatened him with a gun and shouted at him in a strange 'clicking gibberish'...
We were asleep when a helicopter woke me up.
It made me so nervous I went into the kitchen for something to eat.
(shaking her head 'no,' exhausted) We're going to have to stop for gas soon.
(shakes her head 'no') Closed.
What is kidnapped?
(sorting it out) You sure you want this, because... that's putting an awful lot of faith in people we have no control over... I'm afraid the situation demands that kind of risk.
What's changed?
But he's dead.
Can I have the gun?
(nervous) Yes.
I was afraid.
What is hell?
It's bad.
All anybody knows is that they're armed and dangerous.
It's bad for you.
There's a roadblock.
You can stop.
(a beat) Okay...
I'm afraid we can't let you go.
Watch it.
I'm warning you.
This is an official warning.
Danger, Will Robinson, danger.
Truth is, I'm a little nervous.
YOU? Nervous?
Why on earth should you be nervous?
What the hell are you doing?
I'm warning you.
Alcohol does horrible things to a developing young mind.
I miss them, too.
Where the hell are you?
Half of them are threatening to pull their ads for next month.
I'll just... It's not that tidy, I fear.
Sorry -- things are running a bit late.
Which hospital?
Time's up, I'm afraid.
Bitch.
Bollocksed up at work again, I fear.
Fast asleep from the moment the lights went down.
Is this a problem?
(frightened) Has he? Wine?
How beastly.
Spike.
Spike.
Spike!
Oh God yes -- I'm sorry.
Now stop.
Stop.
You disappeared.
I had no idea how much nonsense it all was -- but nonsense it all is... (she's nervous) Well, yesterday was our last day filming and so I'm just off -- but I brought you this from home, and...
You -- Dominic.
That's me, hanging up on you.
I'm fired?
Fire me.
I'm the woman you don't have to worry about.
Next time you're worried about manners - Don't.
Fear of mortality.
I mean, no, nothing good can come of that, but I don't think you should worry about it.
I've been watching her.
I was out of line.
She killed herself.
We're firing them.
Did you hear me?
What a homeless.
You think I was scared?
So, what are the most immediate threats to the world environment right now?
Bugs.
(not harshly) You're weird and I'm afraid of you.
Oh, my God! Ouch!
I was just scared is all.
You scared me to death.
So alien to you?
Hey, there's nothing to be afraid of!
... and I could see the music flowing into me, it was bright red and electric, and I felt like a big toaster, and I thought, maybe I am a toaster, we're all molecules, and my friend Melissa, her head looked like a big party balloon, and that scared me, I started to freak out...
What a dark night.
He was slow.
Vampires.
They killed me.
The world's under attack by the legions of the undead and you're going to a mixer?
(whining) Jeffrey! (terrified) Well, I'm done.
That is a sin.
RONALD Fleury Then the doctor put her hands way up into Kevin's mom's tummy.
They started to pull and pull and pull... they had something in there and it started coming and they were pulling and the doctor all of the sudden said "STOP!"
How bad can I be doing?
A Police Land Cruiser parked in the middle of the road is the last of the security.
At least the first parts of the attacks.
I sweat.
With the bombings?
Exclusive.
And the three follow Fleury onto the massive plane.
Sykes puts his hand on Fleury's chest.
I'm missing you.
Are you still there?
What rules?
100 soldiers immediately drop to their knees.
Leavitt boxes out air for the non-existent rebound, grabs the ball, chest- passes it Great Santini-hard back to Janet who softly sucks in the pass.
This is Colonel Al-Ghazi with the Saudi State Police- -the Police: they attacked.
The screams become night terror shrieks.
The Land Cruiser Haytham rammed - driver's side crushed, bullet holes, out-of-control skid-marks, asphalt scars from the snapped drive shaft... (to Fleury) A little high... (to SANG, "Lower," in Arabic) Watt-tee... Watt-tee fuck (alt: "Watt-tee hell...") is his gun doing up so high?
They were Police.
Security is a combination of the police and military.
WIDEN to reveal the MAN, being VIDEOTAPED: foretelling of new threats, face obscured by his head wrap.
Janet takes a breath as the Police hard-eye her.
And I find myself in a place where I no longer care about `why' we are attacked.
The small convoy pulls up next to a run down, late seventies chunk of architecture which looks like a combination bombed dentist office/ accounting firm.
Al-Jazeera will play up an FBI presence, we'll play up their ties to Terror as checkmate.
Car bomb.
Fleury, Leavitt, Janet, and Sykes: battered war scars, million mile stares.
The two men shake hands.
* Junior eyes the exits clockwise, nervous, waiting for `Untouchables' to break the doors down.
I hate the way panic smells when I stand this close to it.
Indictments.
Tommy Magdalena has gone to ground and he's got a war chest to keep him there.
(beat) How's that?
I hold it in my mouth to hide shaking hands.
A beat.
Sticking to shadows.
Assumed they were ready to stick a new probe into the LAPD's deal with Hector, like Bradley warned, like everyone feared.
Drop him.
You're also better than a starring role in schlock horror flick that'll never see a screen, regardless if it's leading lady gets `kidnapped' or not.
Cross fast, play the wall and the shadows close.
I drop.
* Call it: the knife was here.
Sex-horror grimace: like catching Pop fingering Mom.
Massive noise.
You were worried that your real estate deal was going south.
This is why Wilhite has suddenly disappeared.
I got the knife.
Dead.
Glenda panicking, trying to stanch blood that keeps rushing.
Still scared.
(busting her) You are?
That's too bad.
She looks anxious.
(defensive) What?
Stunned.
She's a wreck.
It looks more abandoned than revived.
(shocked) What are you doing here?
What if you killed him?
You hang on.
Stop it!
I'm scared shitless.
You can't let him burn this house.
What in hell are you doing?
We are NOT entering the house.
(hesitantly) What?
That's crazy!
What hospital?
It's the cops!
That's crazy.
You scared the shit out of me.
Stop it.
I'll shoot you!
Dark tan.
I'll kill you!
Kill them.
The problem is me.
Hey, I'm scared shitless of this dame.
That's a threat.
Suddenly, a FILM of SLUSH on the windscreen.
There was a steady trickle of fuel down my neck.
Toss-up whether the bigger danger was running out of gas or going up in a fireball.
Normally, I'd be worried about leaving you here alone.
She stops now.
They stop.
Response o stress, crises.
This is insane.
With him, his assistant WILLIAM DALTEN, lean and young with dark serious eyes.
Overcast.
You're bleeding.
What do I owe?
Hell, yeah.
Hang on.
I gotta go.
That's terrible.
Now that suddenly you're all scared and alone from your heart attack.
You'd get so scared, you'd cry.
Stop it.
Stop.
I can change.
It's broke.
The Tehran Terror, the Beast Of The Middle East...
I gotta go.
Stop it!
We're eliminating.
(hands them champagne) Not much use, though.
Are you crazy?
A boat! We can go to Capri.
I don't care where I sleep.
And you've forgotten yours.
Am I being interrogated?
(anxious at not uncovering Come on, come on!
Who are his ghosts?
I woke up shouting in the middle of the night.
Are you outside?
Hello miss.
Before I cut.
Before I cut.
A bomb.
I'm afraid so, sir.
I'm frightened.
Stop them!
Go away.
Fatal.
Or you and Katharine Clifton? (a small laugh) What? (anxious, of the noise) What was that?
Kept it a bit dark.
(panicking suddenly) Don't leave me!
There's been an accident.
I really ought to drag myself outside but then there would be the sun... I'm afraid I waste the light on the paintings and on writing these words...
...bodies we have entered and swum up like rivers, fears we have hidden in like this wretched cave... ...I want all this marked on my body.
(concerned) What's wrong with Mr. Hand?
There will be no make-up exams.
This new schedule is totally confusing.
It's his loss.
Be aggressive.
This is a cop.
Chicken!
Are you going to get one?
You're crazy.
Is there a problem?
There are a lot of interests in this town and, right now, they're all scared of you.
The reason they're scared of you...technically, you have veto power over their budgets.
When Kruschev was forced out, he sat down and wrote two letters and handed them to his successor.
This is coercion.
You're afraid and you think if you admit it people will think you're weak or won't like you -- We live our lives by these unspoken rules that are handed to us.
Then more pain.
He is not a flight risk.
A man threatened my children.
I'm worried.
And who got scared?
Who's scared today?
Look, I'm as worried as you are -- No, I don't think so.
I'm worried that he'll get himself killed.
I'm worried to death.
That's crazy.
You worry about getting me the things that I want.
I'll worry about myself.
Go away!
Go away!
Do you hear me?
I've been missing it.
(they ride in silence) Do you worry when there's no word from him?
They rot.
I'm afraid I can't read who it's from.
What do you hear?
The war?
My plight?
(opening her eyes) It's still dark.
What's a Gourd House?
Nothing but the mighty Cape Fear River, is all.
I'll be back tomorrow, before dark.
You'll still be here?
My house is your house.
(suddenly) Like to wash their hands and pray.
He's dead.
There's a war on.
A chicken?
You a deserter?
Hunting.
Maybe you can't see my face, but if you could see my inside, my whatever you want to name it, my spirit, that's the fear I have deeper than any gash on my neck.
Shoot her.
He dead?
Is that bad?
Nuclear weapons?
I will go get her negligee.
I had him erect, and his semen would follow But alas I was hot, so hot that I swallowed.
(she panics) Quick, he's coming back.
It's almost all over, Theodore, and soon you can go home to Mommy.
You ever been out on the ocean at night? (continuing) I have... scary as a motherfucker, all that darkness around you.
Beats me.
I want you to be in bed asleep before twelve.
Escaping.
These are the rules.
T & A. Change it.
Change it.
Who died?
Awww, how come?
There's a scary Mexican gangster dude pokin' his finger in my chest.
(suddenly alert) Is that the penthouse?
(panicking) Now, Ted, wait a minute.
I know you're freaked, I know you're stressed.
(worried tone) You okay, champ?
I've gotta go in.
too dangerous.
It's crazy and dangerous.
You're going to wait until she's asleep?
(we're watching Jeffrey trying to control frightened breathing in the dark closet) Thanks Jimmy, see you tomorrow.
Don??. can you hear me?
GO ON!! Get down on your knees - DO IT!! What are you doing?
I'm scared.
Stop it!
(strangely - extremely frightened now that Jeffrey may have left it) Do you know?
I've gotta go to sleep now.
(frightened by her craziness) I'm leaving now.
you scared me.
(teasing him) Yeah?
Shoot.
You worry about me really?
Yeah I worry.
We broke up.
Take her to my house.
How horrible.
The man panics.
A young, scared GIRL, 15.
Kathy watches her, concerned.
You hear me?
But you're Police Task Force.
We gave her Penicillin, but the doctor is worried there could be something more serious.
They have their rules.
She lies asleep.
In court.
We're all military or police.
I'm, I'm worried what will happen to you a year from now.
You don't need to worry about me.
Their conscience paralyzed by the need to survive.
Terrified, Raya looks to... Luba.
She's way too scared.
(deadpan) A bit. Would you say you're under extreme stress?
Scared.
THROUGH THE EYE-HOLE: A COUPLE checks in across the room.
Sees a panic-stricken Kathy.
Watching them as...
Kathy waits, nervous, holding the border logs.
You do not have to be afraid of Ivan Bladzic.
Shocked.
She stops.
Drop this.
She stops.
Alert.
Afraid.
She offers a nervous laugh.
Kathy listens, anxious as Madeleine lays it out... It's bollocks.
258 Small and dark.
She winces, but...
WORSHIPPERS kneel and pray.
He died.
And his drummer Tony Allen was just scary, man.
He was arrested.
He is illegal!
He doesn't want to worry her.
I don't want her to worry.
I mean his wife...I'm sorry, I am very nervous.
It was horrible.
That is where the towers were.
Where they had the floods?
I have to say that show was really kind of scary.
It's an emergency.
(He hangs up.)
Deported.
Do you hear me?!
I'm not afraid of the dark.
Please, I -- POLICE DISPATCHER (on phone) I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do.
Every day, the city sinks deeper into a cesspool of fear, intimidation and corruption.
(beat) Who are you?
(beat) What are you doing here?
(beat) Who are you?
What worries me is that you've stopped looking for Walter.
This is the police.
Stop it!
You didn't see him, the kid's scared half out of his mind -- He picked the Collins kid!
Medication.
You can change there.
Watch me.
Cowardly.
Guy must be a real terror at crossword puzzles.
Is that -- (she nods, scared) Go next door.
How do you plea?
Bailiff....
It was the police!
(pounds door) Guard!
Guard!
Did you kill him?
They were scared, same as the rest of us, but they weren't scared stupid.
They figured we might be able to yank the chicken wire and bring down the corner, maybe make enough room to get out of there and run... but it would make an awful lot of noise and if it wasn't wide enough, we'd be stuck.
I'm afraid!
Polio.
What is the prognosis?
I suspect he will be paralyzed from the waist down.
I'm afraid life as he knew it is over.
What the hell are you doing here?
And this is the Misses.
This is a disaster!
I'm frightened of fire.
42 42 43 43 This is madness.
She's terrified of crowds.
She stops.
My God, you're afraid of these people.
Afraid?
He had polio.
Healthy folks over all... They're threatening to check out, afraid they might catch polio.
HEBERT, military in bearing -- the doctor who listened so intensely -- steps up in line and shakes hands with Eleanor and then Franklin.
(a beat) Who are you?
Farmer and his Wife from the school house graduation approach Franklin.
It'll scare their mothers half to death.
STOP.
STOP.
139 139 Eleanor sits looking down at her lap, afraid to even breathe.
They're watching.
What'd you drop?
I'm scared.
Well, I'm afraid it's not that easy... Why not?
You poor thing.
(to Lisa) The poor thing.
The poor thing.
He knocked out his teeth... blood...
Now I gotta go in early.
And she's like this little bunny cowering in the corner... ...shivering... ...
You're just gently batting it around... and the rabbit's all scared... ... and you got big claws and fangs... ... and fangs... and you're like "I don't know what to do.
But two's enough not to look anxious... Yeah, but three days is kinda the money... (interrupting sarcastically) Why don't I just wait three weeks and tell her I was cleaning out my wallet and found her number... ... then ask where you met her... Yeah, I'll tell her I don't remember and then I'll ask what she looks like.
Here it's easier to avoid trouble.
Bitch!
Bitch!
You bitch!
He's got it under control... ... Well, then, I guess we don't have to worry about him anymore.
Are you on the other line?
He was, but he got sick.
Too bad.
Shoot!
Hollywood Writer Feared Dead Were Red Agents Involved?
The film broke, and I can't raise Harry on the house phone!
(weakly) Did you... did you... I'm here.
A couple of days ago, a county flood control maintenance crew pulled a car out of the Lawson Wash ocean outlet.
We're fighting communists in Korea, we're paranoid about the Russians, we've got this thing with the Rosenbergs and the atomic bomb... (bitterly) You think they want "suspected communists" entertaining the American public with party propaganda like, gosh I don't know, "Sand Pirates of the Sahara?"
An accident.
What was this "emergency"?
Oh, here we go!
You look regal, and wise, and granted a little worried.
Are you afraid of this meeting?
Okay, so I'm serious.
Failing which?
But honestly, there's nothing left to worry about.
Your under suspicion.
Under suspicion?
It's illegal.
Are you worried about the deal closing?
I gotta go.
It was an accident.
The Crazy 88 Sorry everybody, but I'm afraid we're going to have to close the place.
Vernita's house.
You can kill yourself.
You still are.
Did you kill her?
Because you're helpless?
Outside.
It's the wood that should fear your hand, not the other way around.
But tomorrow, you kill a big bird.
Now I wasn't planning on taking a shot at you in front of the squirt, but, she is asleep.
Did she wake up?
That's why I haven't been with you B.B., I've been asleep.
I'm the deadliest woman in the world, but right now I'm scared shitless for my baby.
I'm warning you.
You shivering, John?
I'm warning you.
Wash up and go home.
(suddenly gentle) Okay.
Bully for you.
(defensively) Yeah.
Chicken?
That's dangerous up there.
Stop it now!
I'm getting nervous, man!
(in a single breath) Oh! (a harsh whisper) Where's Buzz! Where's Buzz! (calling) Jim! Jim! (tight fury) Down there!
Down there is Buzz!
We were so worried.
He was killed.
Assault with a deadly weapon.
What do I have to do-- kill myself?
That's all I can do when I'm nervous.
You still here?"
I'm scared.
Oh, we can manage that!
He's dead.
What you stopping for?
They're killing him!
He had a gun with him, too.
And DIE!
I'm afraid you're a little too late with this one.
So now you suddenly care about my future?
I miss him...
You hear me!
Don't let it know you're scared!
(beat) ...Okay.
Are you still here?
Gotta go.
(into phone) Call ya back.
No. Do that and I guarantee you'll scare him off.
Do you miss it?
I had that fire.
You knew what I told you wasn't ready for the papers Will you please keep your voice down, there's people -- -- You could have scared the son of a bitch off.
(beat) Who are you?
What the hell are you doing here?
You're thinking too much of the building and not enough of the ghost.
Fire.
Don't keep looking over your shoulder for the ghost.
They need a bit of fear, 'cos otherwise they're gonna come up against me,...need a little lesson don't they?
You're scared, you're running away from yourself One Two.
I had a horrible dream that the Councilor didn't come through, I don't want anything going wrong on this one, that Russian's the key to the big time.
I have been robbed.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49A.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49B.
Stella says you're dangerous.
YELLOW Revision - 6-20-07 49C.
(in Russian) I need to speak to you Uri.
You are scary good at that.
Do you miss it?
Someone has been at the Russian's money, a couple of silly gun slingers,..he wasn't making up stories.
Mickey and Roman approach the crack house door and flick up the letter box.
That's what four years inside does to a man, eats his soul and when it's all gone it makes a man quite scary.
He looks on in horror and points the gun at Johnny.
He looks at the group in horror as he is quickly lowered to his death by drowning and cray fish.
A bird flew into my house last night.
Grifters with rough hands...
You're the one who's got me on my knees in a dark alley.
And these cops?
The dentist tells me I'm not covered for caps.
Then we disappear.
I gotta go.
(hanging up) So, what do you have for me?
Where the hell is she?
They 'tend to scare people off.
You're not exactly a threat to national security.
I'll kill you.
When..? (hanging up) It was him.
The airport's going to be crawling with police.
Traffic will be a nightmare.
Can you hear me?
So I'm dead...
Drop it.
So, this guy took this big knife... and he held it behind him, put the tip of it in his back, and he ran backwards into the wall.
So, what's your problem?
It's urgent.
That's too bad.
I hear you.
Are you a sinner?
There are sinners here.
I feel scared, and I feel sick and...
Dead.
And, I felt this fear and anxiety coming over me.
Sit back, freak.
You're insane.
It's a rule.
Oh my God... Oh my God... What's the big--?
I put on a good show, but my life is so goddamn hollow and vapid and lonely, it scares me, man.
I'm being shot at!
I'm being shot at!
And kill him.
The Priest makes the sign of the Cross on the boy's forehead, dismissing As soon as he is gone, the Priest turns a worried eye to the Professor.
"..then arrange the elements of life against the Terror just so.." His fingers run on.
Billy suddenly staggers into the room, brandishing his gun.
Stop.
In the middle of the shadows, a door to the nightmare has just opened.
Panic aboard the MONDOSHAWAN ship.
Korben opens the door to..A huge gun, brandished by a nervous MUGGER, pointing right in his face.
She dropped in on me.
Cold-blooded.
Cornelius starts to panic.
The intimacy makes him nervous.
He rummages through the cupboard, exceedingly nervous.
The door next to him suddenly In walks LOC RHOD amidst a tornado of music and security guards.
So tell me my main man... you nervous in the service?
The stewardess shivers.
The MUSIC suddenly stops.
I mean they are, but not for vacation like everyone thinks... I'm on an operation... and if I didn't come get you, you'd be in a shitload of trouble... I'd love to be on vacation with you... but now.... now I've got to work...
A bomb go off in your face?
You hear me?
Korben, Korben Dallas, the winner of the Gemini Croquette contest just killed three warriors like he was swatting flies... Panic everywhere!
(terrified, still deaf) What?
Her eyes close and she falls back asleep.
Korben is worried.
Cornelius pushes the group onto the altar which is surrounded by a wooden Excuse me, Father, but... could we pray later?
(approaching) Prithee, Mr. Kempe, break a leg.
Crab is nervous.
Be still.
I cannot shed blood in her house but I will cut your throat anon.
He dies?
It is still dark.
(to ROMEO) "Away, be gone, the sport is at best." "Ay, so I fear; the more is my unrest."
That's my line!
(almost to herself) "I am feared, "...All my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay, And follow thee my lord throughout the world."
Oh!--it's--it's--oh, it's a house of ill- repute!
Where is the shipwreck?
It was I who killed him!
It is worse.
Kill him!
A few were awarded to veterans of the Afghan war, so I can assume he's a decorated soldier.
Suddenly, Holmes hears no words.
His eyes tick slowly, scanning McMurdo, locking onto the big man's knee: A little scar-tissue, nearly invisible.
Lestrade follows, anxious.
A sudden gust of wind moans eerily.
On the watch.
You're terrified of a life without the thrill of the macabre, as well you should be.
I'm afraid you'll have to put this on.
The danger is that they can also be exploited for more nefarious purposes.
We don't ask you to share our faith, only our fears.
Fear is the more infectious condition.
(at Sir Thomas) In this case, fear of your own child.
He hits the door to a building.
I owe you.
He sees: Blackwood and the boat are disappearing into the darkness.
He misses.
Blackwood snarls, mounts a frenzied attack, which Holmes simply tries to survive.
Your reputation and your jailers' fear did the rest.
You're fired.
What the hell?
And you stuttered.
Stop!
You're hysterical.
Oh, so you figure the two psychopaths that rigged a bomb to your chest made sure it was safe?
Chet, I'm fucking nervous enough as it is.
I've been sorta preoccupied with this crushing fear of death!
Then that's how it's gonna go.
You worried about that other guy he's with?
You're about to ruin it.
I mean, apparently, you love my sister so much that you're willing to put her life in danger by going to see her with a bomb strapped to your chest.
She won't be in danger.
I know you're probably scared right now, but if you go grab us 100 grand in a bag, we'll get out of here.
If you jinx this with your negativity, I'm gonna strap a bomb to your chest next.
It's a combination of cheap sneakers and this heavy fucking bomb on my chest!
You got a bomb on you.
I blow up, and it blows up.
You think I'm scared of death?
What the hell was that?
We need to get down there.
I'm afraid so.
Did you know the fear most people feel when they stand on the edge like this is not actually a fear that they will fall but instead it's the subconscious fearing that they might jump?
....It's a fear of losing faith.
Yeah, you watch.
Oh, here they go.
It's broken.
That's it, nothing more....... and I'm afraid... standing here tonight... that I don't hear... a... thing... just silence.
JOHN TULD (cont'd) Mr. Cohen, Ms. Robertson, I'm afraid this is where you are supposed to step back in.
They want me to get you back there, they are worried about you being out here.
They fired me Will.
It was horrible.
It's going to get you into trouble.
What, nervous I'm going to win? Would you please leave.
Oh, poor baby.
We'd go at it for a while, then as soon as he'd cum, he starts freaking out.
What are you scared of?
(beat) Okay...
What's your plan of attack?
Oh sis.
Can we drop this?
It happened at your house last night.
You came over to our house late last night and he forced intercourse on you.
Well, I'm afraid you don't have a choice in the matter.
They feared you and now you're going to throw that all away.
Why so nervous?
I'm afraid to be alone.
(more anxious) So we'll re-cast.
Difficult.
I'm difficult.
I'll be dead.
I missed you.
(shaking the thought from his head) I am going to tell the truth... after your next picture.
The cops?
She's about the work and only the work -- lives for the work.
I'm worried about you, that's all.
So over-rated.
(to his nervous photographer) As for a photo -- if you can't do it, I know twelve million people who can. -- You can't go in there!
She's extremely agoraphobic -- has a morbid fear of people and germs.
Abduction?
Blackmail?
After what you told us about the death threats, the security guards are under strict instructions never to take their eyes off the crowd.
A phone call?
(reluctant, frightened by Simone's erratic driving) Okay -- for you.
This is crazy.
(shaking off the insult) -- Never mind.
You bitch!
I'll destroy you!
(trying to shake the notion from her head) Lainey, there's no evidence that Simone isn't real.
Harlan, are you botherin' these poor girls?
You're makin' me nervous.
(over the noise) Thelma, I'm gonna hit the little girls' room, and then we gotta hit the road.
Stop.
I'm just nervous.
I was afraid I'd missed you.
Hold on a minute, damnit.
Hello, stranger.
Dark hair.
Aw, God.
We're fugitives now.
Of all the things in the world that scare you, what's the worst thing that scares you the most?
That always put the fear of God in me.
What? (shaking with laughter) Nothing.
That's disgusting!
You bitch!!
Be advised... (breaks up) ...armed and extremely dangerous... How far are we from Mexico?
You're crazy.
What?! What in the hell is that up there?
You are under arrest.
With his own gun.
Slow down.
Slow down.
Slow down.
Slow down.
And, I'm unemployed.
They're afraid of you, aren't they?
(beat) What are you doing?
The seven CEOs of Big Tobacco... Referred to this... Said they should be afraid of him...
I'm sorry I woke you up.
(beat) To me?
Yes, I'm afraid I did.
I'm doing an interview.
Jail?
I'm not touching my film... I'm afraid you are.
(rhetorical answer) If Tisch can unload CBS for $81 a share to Westinghouse and then is suddenly threatened with a multibillion-dollar lawsuit from Brown & Williamson, that could screw up the sale, could it not?
You are a fanatic.
An anarchist.
It was junk.
You disappeared on me.
(through the door, frightened) Mr. Wigand...Mr.
Did he hear you?
Hello, can you hear me now? (alarmed) What's happening?! (afraid) He doesn't seem to be listening... (on the cell phone, shouts, urgent) Alright, now listen to me.
What the hell for?
No. (beat) I'm assuming the cave-in begins with the threat of litigation from Big Tobacco.
Abandoned.
Phone call!
Oh, you poor thing.
Pernicious.
Stop it!
Yo, house ball!
I'm afraid she couldn't rest if she wasn't square with the house.
Cut it out!
All your big brother is trying to say is that we're worried about you.
I was really worried about you with her.
He's hurting now!
Cut it out!
He breathes in, nervous... Pedro, sweating hard, takes a few cuts, but only seems to be hitting weak ground balls and foul tips.
Miguel nods, nervous, focuses.
You are crazy!
Brad and the Venezuelans run over to break it up before anything serious starts.
He takes a nervous breath, fires in the second pitch.
Terminator.
The trainer shakes his head, no.
Stu and the trainer sense Miguel's anxiety.
Miguel shakes his head, no.
After a beat...
(a beat) I'm a little nervous.
Miguel sidesteps a nodding JUNKY on his way to the front desk, approaches the toothless Russian clerk, NIKOLAI (late 50s).
Too slow.
They shake hands.
Rafi needs you in the kitchen!
Miguel shakes his head, no.
After a beat...
Afraid of getting caught?
I'm intrigued.
You're intrigued?
Lawyers.
Is he still at your house?
I think you're afraid to put the two of us in the same room together.
What...what are these interviews about?
Like what they've done, what they do, what they don't do, what they want to do but are afraid to ask for, what they won't do even if asked.
(still shaken) I don't...he doesn't want you to come over.
Is he dangerous?
She still is.
Ann, I don't understand why this freaks you out so much.
What was the problem?
The problem was me.
What's the harm in that?
(knocking furiously) Doctor Octavius!
Isn't that a little dangerous?
Yeah, of embarrassment.
When he's ready for girls he'll be a holy terror.
(winks) It's in the blood.
I... got pictures of the Professor... in there... it's so strange in there... so bizarre... (winks) Good job, kid.
I was poisoned!
A spider... Peter, did you at least talk to her? Aunt May, listen to me.
I got bitten on the hand... by a poisonous spider.
Scalpel!
You have a visitor, Doctor... (enjoying this) Octavius, I'm afraid I have bad news for you.
Big man you lost to the Amazing Spider-Man.
Spider-Man, huh?
I am Spider-Man... the good guy, am I not?
Who is in the Spider-Man costume?
Sure I do... I'm your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man! (to May) What a bunch of crap.
(fighting his fear) I don't know...
You ain't takin' me... Spider-Man... who ever you are... (hanging on ceiling) Hey, creep!
(crossing to it, wondering) Peter...? Doctor Octavius...! You're... You're... (finds the words) You're so weird!... with those... what do you call those... Waldos... Did you hear about Spider-Man? (moving Waldos like spider's legs) That's me... the real Spider-Man... now tell me, where is that jerky friend of yours... Parker?
Spider-Man.
(seeing Spidey) Spider-Man... That's a lot of crap, clown...
I am Spider-Man, not you.
Once I dispose of you, Spider-Man, no one will be able to stop me.
It's that Spider-Man!
My exciting ride with Spider-Man... Oh... Sorry...
It's Spider-Man! Get outa here, you bum! Hey, what are you talking about?! (back at woman) What's the matter, lady don't you read the papers?
Spider-man!
So you've avoided the nuclear pool, have you, Spider-Man?
I've gone over your research.
I'm afraid we're too late.
(sees the sky through the window) Spider-Man!
(calling back from the dark skies) Spider-Man!
Spider-Man.
But I've done it, Spider-Man.
My 'Confession'.
I gotta go.
Fiend!
(suddenly) Shhh!
Why beat yourself up about it?
He's afraid that his reputation will prevent people from giving my work an honest chance.
She gets scared.
Go away.
(stops) What?
It's terrible.
I'm warning you!
He's in big trouble.
Look, Simon, the world's a scary place.
What the hell are you doing?
(whispering, worried) Oh, God, it's Troy.
Suddenly, he started coming home every night and even started really asking me about my homework.
At this point, dear old mummy was so spooked, I was actually afraid she might stop drinking.
My fears of mom giving up the sauce were unfounded.
(breathy, threatening) Diane?
Did you hear me?!
Please, please, oh god.
(feigning concern) Wake up, Mommy.
Are you crazy?
He could go to the cops and tell them you threatened him, then they'd really start investigating us.
So if I tell the jury it was his idea and I was scared for my life, because he said he'd kill me if I ever told anyone, then I walk?
Guard!
What we're concerned with is here.
Chief, try to keep out of where we're going -- Why we're goin' and what's gonna be the big surprise.
Shot himself.
Classical stuff -- scares the hell out of the slopes -- the boys love it.
What was in the jungle?
Dreadful.
Hear him?
What the hell is it?
Watch it !
It will be such after I die.
Yeah, a two thousand pound bomb.
What did you hear?
Flood.
They'd kill me too !
We were attacked -- down river.
Think of it -- for years, millions of years, savages with pathetic painted faces were scared shitless that fire would rain down from the sky.
Kill him !
My river... my people... my jungle... my ideas... my country... my wife... (he looks at Willard) ... my death.
The horror, the horror.
The horror !
The horror !
Oh, has your penetrating research on 9th Century Lithuanian dildos suddenly made you an expert on the criminal mentality?
This is against the rules.
You owe me.
Bandaged about the chest, Conor asleep on his cot.
Suddenly he sits up.
Hide.
You're insane.
I've had a few more concerns.
He's dead.
Have you gone to the police?
He sees me as a threat.
(shakes head) If that was meant to be an ex- planation Mr. Romirez from Spain, I'm afraid you've failed.
A murder.
I warned you.
Is this what you killed them with?
(shakes him off) Stay out of it.
You and I just living will always be a threat.
Nothing there but threat.
Threats and nothingness.
All this time and still a scared little boy.
300 years have turned the boy's fear into ambit- ion.
And I kill you.
While you still can.
Conor returns with a savage blow to the chest that knocks the young man gasping onto the ground.
Horrible.
Running her hands along the contours of his body she sees the countless faint scars of bullet and sword wounds.
Brenna is lost in Taupin's scars.
And fear.
Fear of those that would kill you and fear of those that would love you.
CRYING in fear, she frantically searches for a way out.
Her BREATHING is at a PANIC.
Stop.
Stop it!
Stop it!
It will be horrible.
(He suddenly steps forward and thrusts out his hand.)
Have you been to prison?
I've warned you.
We have warned each other.
We thought they'd be too afraid of the English press.
Then it will be prison.
And he's a lawyer.
My God, it would terrify them... (a wry smile) Three hundred fifty million people at prayer.
The Government's afraid, and they don't know what to do.
But they're more afraid of terrorists than of you.
(a beat) I did.
Though there is a rumor that under pressure from your country, they will let him out -- again.
It's not the workers you have to worry about.
It's not a serious attack on the revenue, sir.
I will not support it, but I do not intend to take advantage of their danger.
My only worry is what shape it will take.
It has given him power and the freedom to speak, and he has filled the Muslims with fears of what will happen to them in a country that is predominantly Hindu.
If I had shunned death -- or feared it -- I would not be here.
Nor would you be concerned for me.
I cannot help you -- pray... pray.
Who?! (And he is running at them and they spread in fear.)
We stop.
(in a fearful whisper) Why? Why? (tears now -- and wrath) They killed my son -- my boy!
It is a story of troubles overcome and of inherent goodness.
"He is dying!"
I am also worried for Harry.
I am worried about Ernesto Junior's visit.
Why are you so worried?
(Anxious) I am here to see Diego Garcia.
In a coma?
(Not sure) Well, then... would you mind telling me why my mother is so afraid of Ernesto Junior?
She's afraid of him?
I wanted to change genres... to take a risk (ironic-destructive) And I swear I accomplished that, the part about taking a risk.
We were both too nervous.
(First, he attacks.
I was too nervous.
Spasms...
I warned you!
Tomorrow the shooting begins in the afternoon, will I see you before then?
(Worried) You're acting strange, Magdalena.
And this suitcase?! (Sounding bored, asleep) It's Ivan's.
Sorry to interrupt...
But if you are going to be worried, you should come with me.
I was very worried about you! Mateo has looked after me day and night... Mateo?
Why is it that he suddenly is not calling you Harry but Mateo?
You both have changed.
I couldn't take it and I couldn't (then) forgive you for having abandoned Cinearte with Lena without saying a word!
(Somber) That's why I never called you, but even if you don't believe it, I was very worried for you and the boy.
I still am.
Call me if you need anything... (Touching her forehead) You are sweating... It's a panic attack... (Takes a deep breath, as if she had lost her wind) Hand me the purse!
I am feeling better... and I'll fall asleep soon.
It's not a bad way of describing a panic attack... (Changing the topic, one can tell she's made the decision before she arrived in the kitchen).
(Anxious, reproachful.)
The police!
Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed.
Un hmmm.
(still in a panic) I gotta get outta here, good night.
Lay there and sweated blood for hours.
(a wee mite worried) Well, it is a little tight.
The girl worries me.
I was almost scared, he wouldn't go away.
Buddy, I'm worried about Rose.
I don't want to go to the dentist.
She's afraid of the hospital.
(a thin superior smile) Afraid of the hospital?
Deathly afraid of it.
We scared the rascal off, son.
And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more.
I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning.
(feebly, she is terrified) There ain't nobody here, Mr. Hillyer!
Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared!
How dangerous is the operation?
(puts an arm around his shoulders) How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad? Okay.
I'm afraid it's my fault.
Alcohol?
Little weird though.
It's radioactive!
It's a case.
It's not her I'm worried about.
I miss you.
I miss you.
It is a warning.
I'm with the police.
Nearly all ghosts now.
(to kid threatening another) -- Randy...
Bloody.
They're dead.
What happens if the hand trembler says a ghost has been... -- Messing with Mary?
But if you're heavy traditional, and Mary's people are serious traditional, you have an Enemy Ghost Way.
It scares me, Miss Henley.
We will start the Sing soon to remove the Yei spirit and stop the ghost sickness.
Tomorrow, after dark, we begin again.
Go away.
The Enemy Way chant removes the invading yei ghost.
The Enemy Ghost Way.
Not for a while, I'm afraid.
The enemy spirit is gone.
I've just about had it up to here with ghosts.
Enemy Ghost Way for Mary Tsosie.
Do you like scary movies?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Uh...NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET.
Is that the one where the guy had knives for fingers?
Gotta go.
You getting scared?
Don't you watch scary movies?
I'm getting scared.
But poor Steve...I'm afraid...he's out.
I can hear you.
I can hear her.
Scary night, isn't it?
Do you like scary movies, Sidney?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Oh, God, Sid, I'm sorry I was late.
Sidney said you crawled through her window last night too? (surprised) You were out last night?
This is crazy.
You owe me.
What is your problem?
I'm sorry I mangled your face.
You're evil.
If this were a scary movie, I'd be the prime suspect.
Watch her.
Should I be worried?
Jesus, you scared me.
(shocked) What?
What rules?
Watch out!
Stop.
(at the door) Oh God.
Still does.
This is the moment when you think the killer's dead, but then he springs back to life for one last scare.
You will miss it!! (into phone) I gotta go.
Who the hell are you?
(he looks up in anticipatory fear) I think it's so wonderful that you don't worry about even trying to act strong.
Be still.
(suddenly cheery) Yes.
I'm hoping she's asleep when I get home so I won't have to deal with her... I'm actually afraid of my own kid.
STOP!
I'll buzz you in.
Stop being so creepy honest.
I get a little nervous thinking about the opportunity.
I don't understand what you're worried about.
(again) Burke?
Burke?
(twisting away) Nooo.
This is the thing that makes me nervous about you...
Get up... (she does) Now, be my mirror... do exactly what I do... that's it... now, at a certain point, I'm going to become your mirror, but I'm not going to tell you when... you tell me... (hesitantly) Now? (enthusiastically) Okay.
Gotta go.
Terrified of everything.
I remember fear.
He spooked me.
(beat) Why me?
And death.
Why don't you spend another six months developing 'em while staring out the window at mommy's house next to poor dead Albert the dog.
It's crazy.
This is not our house, it's my house.
That's your defense?
Kill for me.
I'm concerned about you.
To destroy them.
Oh, and your father the dentist?
You're dead.
The hell you are.
The bitch was there.
Just wanted to scare 'em, they won't be They won't be here no time soon.
VOICE OF MALCOLM X (contd) Three things I was always scared of: a job, a bust and jail.
Who the hell are you?
It's buried there.
That is why twice daily we turn to Mecca, to the Holy of Holies, to pray.
Who the hell are you?
Outside.
Who the hell are they?
That's your headache, Captain.
Put fear into those devils.
Adorare, to worship and to fear.
He was the first man I ever feared -- not fear such as the one has of a gun but the fear one has of the power of the sun, I pledged myself to him, even if it cost me my life.
179A 	SHOT.
He hangs up.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Hang on.
They killed him.
They killed him.
The prisoner...
You're still scared of him.
He was armed.
I was dead.
I was dead.
Can you be serious?
The only time I worry is when people tell me not to worry.
You take my phone?! Hah?! Hey! Hey! Wake up! Wake up!
Your interrogation.
No arrest -- a warning.
Why do you stop?
Are you in danger there?
Go away.
Go away.
Catch -- you're scaring me.
Why do you have to change it?
(nervous) You, too.
(worried) Yes.
Watch.
But... Beware... there are dangers.
I wan...
I wan you...
Will we miss him?
I want you freaks out of here.
The POLICE and the INSPECTOR exchange dark looks.
The horse lifts its head and DR PARNASSUS recoils in shock and horror.
CUT TO PERCY who looks thoughtful and worried.
(suddenly urgent) Let's run away.
That's why we're still here.
My prize... (a voice filled with horror) ... was ever-lasting life.
Until dead.
She presses a metal breast-plate to his chest.
Insecure.
As the wagon trundles out of the deserted car park a DARK FIGURE hops onto the rear platform.
What do you have to lose?
VALENTINA, worried, steps forward to try and restrain ANTON.
From behind the mirror comes the sound of a woman's terrifying, terrified screams.
Terrified, ANTON and the screaming SALLY are spun through a black void clinging desperately to an asteroid as planets and stars spin madly around them.
TONY and PERCY are in danger of being overwhelmed.
He sneaks nervous glances at the glass box of money.
He is blindfolded.
I'm afraid we can't accept this.
PARNASSUS is frightened but hides this from the others.
TONY shakes him hard.
She pushes TONY back and scrambles out...dragging him back out into the dark rain.
VALENTINA and TONY struggle through the rain.
Suddenly, they find themselves in deep water up to their chests.
VALENTINA recoils, drags TONY off the boat.
Stop!
We'll drown!
A beat.
TONY panics.
With a look of realization and horror, TONY drops to his death as the MOB kicks the chair away from under him.
That's why he was killed.
I'm a little scared, mummy.
I didn't mean to make her cry, daddy, but I'm scared, and I want to see her. (Desperation) Hank, where are you?
For Heaven's sake, where are you?!! Welbeck eight -- He was scared.
I'm jut scared to death.
I'm afraid we'll do the wrong thing.
Then your French friend panicked, and made a fatal crash -- landing on the floor of the Albert Hall.
Will you miss me?
Too bad.
As to whether it wakes up from that sleep, like I said, the choice is yours... ( b e a t , a shrug) An y t h i n g to avoid stretch-marks, right?
A moment of panic.
The doctor walks stiffly out of the room.
The lifelessness.
His focus suddenly and searingly r e t u r n s as he hears- Starkweather ?
Boost the anaesthetic lev... Suddenly he's sprayed with blood a s the clamp springs loose from the stomach, clattering to the floor.
Then, his mind assimilating the horror, he SCREAMS.
Starkweather, clumping down the corridor, clutching his open stomach, blood streaming down his legs.
On the sofa sits Merrick, now in civvies, still gaunt from worry.
A fear of contamination.
Oh, me and Burdie, we're busy bees.
He'll drop by himself.
(faint) Is it?
C h e a p e r than flesh and blood but nothing between the ears.
Lincoln starts backing away with Ester, his eyes blackening, the danger surging, the dog barking, the giant's face dropping, the elements converging...
I'll be with you in two shakes!
Cops?
Lawyers?
What the hell are you doing?
They ditched near here last night.
Don't think for a second I'm afraid of facing them now.
But that's inhuman.
You can stop there.
So they stopped.
The cops?
Because you're so afraid.
Ha! What've I got to be afraid of?
Now you're threatening me!
Who the hell is this?
This here's an emergency!
It's busted.
That's disgusting.
I'm moving the strike zone down to your stomach area.
He was gunned down.
An accident.
Can you hear me?
Sucking chest wound right over the heart.
He's the shooter.
His blood will be on your hands.
(beat) It's you!
But he was dead by then.
You're an embarrassment to me.
Is this an emergency?
I'm too afraid.
I'm shaking all over.
I was so afraid.
Do you hear me?
But while the scar is still healing, or whatever you call it when you have a tattoo removed, he meets Chandra.
It's perverse.
(announcer voice) It's hit to the warning track!
Horror show.
Why do you watch?
Oops... sorry.
Stop now.
But, yeah, I'm a little concerned.
Whatever problems I was having were suddenly gone.
Should we stop them?
Right now? ...annihilation anxieties engendered by bad experiences with a depriving mother... but no one can escape the fear of death.
(suddenly) Why do I feel elated?
What about his state certification exams?
It is someth-- (stops suddenly) Why?
And when you do... (suddenly losing her will) ...please get back to me.
Too bad.
(scary strong) Mother... go away!
Look he scared!
I spent the whole night throwing up pain killers because I'm too afraid to take enough to kill myself.
Are you a dangerous pirate?
I'm sorry, I'm just so scared.
Okay, I gotta go.
Watch this.
Why stop there?
You? Awful.
I gotta go.
I'm very scared that you're mad at me about the whole firing thing.
And when I woke up I found this strange old chest sticking out of the ground.
She's suffered a major heart attack and her heart is very weak, her pulse not very strong, her blood pressure is dropping rapidly and most likely she'll have a fatal heart attack during the night.
I'm so scared, Mark.
She's seizing.
I'm scared.
Murder.
Rape.
Then it's bad.
Help me, I'm so scared.
Too bad.
Gotta go.
In the ground.
Your stop.
Then where's my change?
Alike shakes both of their hands in turn.
Yeah, you sorry your mom is gonna bug out.
My bad.
It's crazy.
What the bear?
I had a case over there.
Silence from the door.
You'd get so scared.
I'm worried about this Deanzie guy.
But the guy you really have to worry about is Mike Pyle.
Shots!
Tells me he's worried about you.
I hear that.
Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 (terrified, through gag) Nmmmmmmmmm!
And people worry you're not smart.
Nervous people.
You're under arrest.
It's as if she's literally afraid to learn.
Dog attacks.
Is that a threat?
Your dad kidnapped you last night and the police found you sleeping in a seedy park a hundred miles from here.
You're lying right now because you're afraid.
Afraid that everyone will see how scared and frustrated you really are.
You're afraid of hurting him, but now we need to tell the truth.
Hello, lawyer.
As if he's a ghost.
Stop.
Penalty!
Suddenly I was my father's son.
Now what did you lose?
They should be screaming.
You're still my agent.
Sorry I threw a scare into our lives there -- Don't worry about it -- I never told you what I thought of that memo either -- Well, no you didn't -- You lost your head, it happens.
(Jerry sniffs, panicked) Alright, buddydude.
You let that snake in the door.
Too bad.
I'm dying here.
No-- Because I'm worried that you're putting your faith in this guy who, because of the way things are going, may not have an emotional marble in his head.
It's a risk.
I'm a little worried -- I'm worried too.
I'm worried that the only reason I'm here getting my brains blown loose is that you weren't asshole enough to get my ten million three months ago.
Why are you doing this to me, Rod?
I watched it.
He gets nervous for the t.v.
Rod.
Flee.
And it's winding down.
Go away.
That's delusional.
That's the rule!
I was devastated.
Grounds?
I just inject it into your forehead, and it paralyzes your eyebrows so you can't raise them... Why in God's name would I want...? No frown lines.
I'm sorry, Mr. Massey, but I felt certain you'd want to know -- Marylin Rexroth wants to see you.
He's a sick freak.
So I hear.
Difficult.
You're vulnerable.
Ironic isn't it -- that I have been frightened of this emotion which is, in a sense, the seed of my livelihood.
Should we counsel fear -- or trust?
You're scaring me.
That's blackmail.
He's dead.
Now I can die.
0 10 Are you nervous?
Unless he fears an excess of compliments.
Y'hear that?
While I'm in exile.
There is one lady, Sir.. Go on.. Who I fear is too high-born for us.
(horrified) What?
ou poor girl.
What has changed so?
But I'm afraid I find the insult too much to bear.
His face is dark.
Here at court.
ANNE suddenly looks pale.
Vulnerable.
Frightened.
MARY looks anxious..
Hiding in shadows.
Gasp.
Fear filling her eyes..
Her hands wringing with anxiety.
You disgust me!
Her eyes are hollow with stress.
A flicker of panic passes behind her eyes.
YOUNG HENRY is already fast asleep in another bed.
Tell me.. (fearing the worst) She miscarried the child?
ANNE looks at MARY, suddenly frightened.. Hold me..
Broken.
Pants.
I'm not the one who put this scar here.
I'm warning you.
You hearing me?
I've been hearing you.
Yeah, once I cut them off.
We'll be watching.
You scared me.
When I ignore you, that's when you worry.
Yo sis, what's going on?
My bad.
So they fire me.
I know rehab is hard, and you have to worry about whether you'll be as good as you were but you will be.
(warning) Okay.
(half-asleep) What's going on?
He's not afraid of thieves and muggers, but he's terrified when his son poops in his pants.
Now this cop.
And he's a cop!
You wanted to get knifed, you got knifed.
What lawyer?
Police frighten these people.
Screams, cries, panic -- has been blown to oblivion.
Nico on his feet, plainly the leader in this moment of terror.
The congregation streams out in terror-stricken disarray.
Nico stands, his back to the wall -- a scary, blank look on his face.
The girls instantly go silent in terror.
Machete Man is staring up in terror, wondering what this means.
She looks frail, frightened.
They are faces that have known fear and tragedy.
Nico is frustrated; he can't crack the refugees' fear.
Tell them there's no need for fear.
Several of the refugees look like they want to speak, but they are terrified.
The refugees become increasingly anxious.
But the bomb...
(shaken) Father Genarro talked him out of it.
Nico admires his partner's guts, but he's worried.
Urgency fear, exhaustion.
scream and scatter in terror.
* (on TV's) Police sources also speculate that Toscani may be connected to the suspect in the bombing of St. Elizabeth's parish church -- (on TV's) -- the suspect is likely to be armed and considered to be extremely dangerous -- In other news, Senator Ernest Harrison's presidential bid has... ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87 73A.
It's a kick to risk my ass again.
The pair creep soundlessly onto the next roof.
From the eighth floor the metal grate of the parking struc- * ture blows out onto the street below, followed by Salvano's * body.
Nico takes off after him on foot -- Zagon races down the darkest of alleys, rounds a corner -- hurtles after him, gaining.
Zagon backs off, chest heaving.
Fight it.
Weapon armed.
But I'm afraid you'll have to 'kiss off' the rest of your lessons this afternoon.
They are nuclear armed, and dangerous.
Stop it!
Fueled and waiting.
Sabotage?
Colorful... Shark attack?
Be reckless.
Slow down.
Repeat: Lay down your weapons, and prepare to be boarded.
The British Navy abandoned that boat, and I'm claiming it.
I was an attorney!
Warn him!
Stop them!
(beat) Now both of you.
Kill it!
You shoot.
Can you hear me?
We got a major storm movin' in.
You still here?
For you, miss?
You still here?
For you miss?
For you, miss?
-71- But I can change!
You're still here!
I gotta go.
Oh, my God! He's having a heart attack!
The hospital?
May I see that? (reading aloud) "Every night, by cold bricks I watch the shadow rising from this old man in the snow.
A dark street. . .
Put yourself in his shoes for a moment--walking home from church, alone, in a frightening part of the suburbs.
As he describes his client's movements, Fletcher ACTS THEM You're nervous, timid, looking over your shoulder -- when suddenly, you encounter him-- (pointing at the old man) pouncing from the shadows.
You quiver in fear.
Stay out of my neighborhood after dark.
What's your case?
(hopeless) .
I was afraid you wouldn't support my partnership if I turned you down.
It's in my other pants.
And where are your other pants?
A burglar. -He fell through the kitchen skylight and landed on a cutting board on a butcher's knife, cutting his l e g.
Stop that!
Accidently.
It was an accident.
They stopped.
And you missed this?
Slow up.
You're going to get the wind knocked out of you.
What the hell did he do that for?
We can fight.
Maybe they're as scared of us as we are of them.
Where the hell is it!?
(Panicked) They're going to kill us!
Missile!
Yeah, I'll surrender.
It's getting dark up here.
What are you doing...? What the hell are you doing down there?
Is it dead?
What the hell are you doing!?
What the hell?
Says they were deserters, they were afraid to fight, don't believe in Saddam anyway.
You die!
They couldn't tell in the dark.
Kill them!
Stop them!
Still am.
That's what I hear.
Beat.
Beat.
22 THE HUMMER - SAME TIME -- careens suddenly away, exposing a 22 surprised Marco -- Raymond has lost control, fishtails into a deep trough -- the Hummer lurches onto its side, engine racing -- wheels spinning uselessly in air -- stalling -- Oh shit, Shaw -- 23 ANOTHER ENEMY WITH A ROCKET LAUNCHER -- slides around an 23 overturned trailer and FIRES: 25 THE ROCKET hits the Bradley Fighting Vehicle at a slant into 25 its exposed belly, and the truck EXPLODES -- Marco's team scattering, pressing themselves into the sand, covering their heads -- (amplified) Were you scared?
THICK DARK SMOKE momentarily blankets the road.
Scared?
(long beat) You don't really have time to be scared.
I got ... -- and tries to pull him to safety ... knees buckling ... he looks up: 29 MARCO'S P.O.V. - THE HUMMER -- is no longer stalled on its 29 side in the ditch, but improbably is righted again, back on four wheels and attacking.
8/18/03 9. Were you wounded?
-- injured.
I'm worried about you.
News coverage, the crowded floor of a political convention: 8/18/03 14.with public anxiety rekindled by the events of Bloody Friday, with the war on terror marching into yet another year, no end in sight Yawns -- his eyelids flutter -- he shudders awake, digs in his grocery bag for the No Doz and shakes out half a dozen.
We need to look inward -- attend to our own house -- the danger to our country is not from some terrorists at large -- terrorists we've helped engender with twenty years of failed foreign policy -- An open cabinet door behind Marco reveals ROWS AND ROWS OF INSTANT NOODLES in the cupboard.
A poised, silvery, avuncular man, SENATOR THOMAS JORDAN (according to the title on the screen) on the podium:no, the real danger is from suspending civil liberties, gutting the Bill of Rights, allowing our fear to destroy our democratic ideals The same speech continues, largely ignored by Congressman RAYMOND PRENTISS SHAW.
I'm sorry, for a second there I thought it was your father speaking -- that dreaded Shaw blood rising -- and the stink of defeat made me nauseous.
I'm not sharp -- The meds help you sleep.
(ignores) -- and suddenly your own bad dreams come charging back.
Made worse by your chronic fear of them.
Beat.
Are you back on your meds?
Beat.
Beat.
In America, our mothers and grandmothers shouldn't have to worry about that.
The pretty woman is sitting down opposite him, folding and pushing aside a newspaper with the headline: WHITE HOUSE INSISTS WAR ON TERROR IS STILL 8/18/03 50.
Still.
-- and LURCHING toward the back of the train, nearly losing his balance as he goes through the sliding doors.Marco catches himself, hands against the bulkhead wall near the bathroom.
Fear.
Hides the blood.
Well, imagine how terrified your people were yesterday when Major Marco showed up at the airport and you invited him -- my God, invited him -- to tag along.
I started with nightmares, sir.
TVA163Cold tapestry of images behind the MAJOR MEDIA ICON: TVA163the five-term Senator -- and recent front-runner for his party's vice presidential nomination -- appears to have accidentally drowned when his kayak overturned near his Chesapeake Bay home.
Police say his daughter, Jocelyn, 35, may have been trying to rescue Jordan when she was, herself, overcome by the icy water an impromptu stand-up with visibly-shaken presidential candidate Arthur outside ARTHUR-SHAW campaign headquarters: Horrible, horrible thing.
I mean, it's either you're telling it straight and we've all got something big-time to worry about, or you're crazy and dangerous -- either way we've had to keep you on a short leash, 'cuz if we lock you up we'll never know.
We can fight it.
Stop.
He was suffering.
Oh, listen to you, Gloomy Gus.
Phillip watches with deep worry as another guard keeps him there.
What the hell are you doing!?
I'm an attorney.
But the other lawyer does.
You let me worry about the money sweetheart.
Anyway he tells me he's worried about her- mamma was gone.
Lawyers!
(to ball) Oh yeah!
Steven is worried.
Hi Mister Ru-- She leaves, terrified.
He hangs up.
Terrified, the woman runs away.
We miss you is what it is.
A worried Phillip comes to greet him.
Panic sets in as he pushes repeatedly to no avail.
Go away!
Pale.
He looks concerned.
Kill it.
That's a cut.
I'm going to have a heart attack!
Cut.
What's the line?
I was worried about Danny.
You were so worried about Danny.
That's an anxiety dream.
Until you change it.
This is an emergency.
That's great: I freak out in my dream; I freak out in your dream.
And... cut.
That's a cut.
You're a little anxious.
Let's call it an Anxiety Dream, and Tito represents the anxiety.
Cut.
That's a cut.
A laugh right there heightens our sense of... of... Anxiety.
I've missed you.
I missed you.
I'm at a loss, then.
You punishing me?
The one with the snake?
Because she'll scare them away.
I'm gettin' there The only thing people know about me is that I'm "scary".
Flog me.
Look up, sunshine I guess I never told you I'm afraid of heights.
Like my fear of wearing pastels?
Then he broke up with me.
(dreading the answer) So tell me about this dance.
You're freaked over this, aren't you?
The eye of the storm is Clyde on the lawn, hugging his knees, fetal with horror and grief.
Divorced.
They're horrifying.
He suddenly comes to.
It catches in his throat.
A cop.
(beat) Hello?
Hear.
Did I stutter?
Ten years he's been planning this? * Patient people make me nervous.
(off Nick's look) Public sympathy is to be respected and feared.
Scared the shit out of me.
(stirs) Daddy...? I had a nightmare.
Davies shakes their hands: Fellas.
He clamps down hard with both hands, blood going everywhere.
Don't be worried or scared.
On the outside.
Attacking a guard.
She embraces him, fears and emotions swirling.
Same way the Russians killed Litvenenko.
Nick is suddenly hit with a momentary sense of dread.
The room is swallowed in a DETONATION -- -- which BLOWS OUT THE ROOM IN A HUGE EXPLOSION, the rows of windows vanishing in a storm of flame and shattering glass... Judge Burch and the others gasp as the explosion lights up the night from the building across the way... Nick slams on his brakes -- he cranes forward, gazing up in horror as the explosion is reflected in his windshield...
Because I'm hanging it on yours.
Fired.
ANGLE FINDS Nick, Dunnigan, and Davies looming over the nervous security guard: What floor?
I will not take that risk!
Beat.
(doesn't rise, again shakes with both hands) Yes.
An attorney?
(checks watch) ... It's late, I'm afraid it's time for my patients to prepare for bed.
I've missed you.
I'm afraid so.
(hesitates) ... I'm... (pause) ... I'm very grateful that you're here, Chauncey... (pause) ... With us ... So am I, Eve.
We'll both be watching.
(they shake) Hello, Dennis.
(in Russian) We have nothing on him, Ambassador Skrapinov.
Hmmm... Take this down.
Watch?
She gets down on her knees and takes his face in her hands.
Stop here.
Lila is asleep next to a rattling propane heater.
They barely avoid the oncoming headlights of another smuggler's car crossing the ice.
Stop.
I can't take the call right now, but if it's you, Troy, please at least tell me you're alive, because the boys are worried about you.
It's dead.
It's dead.
Ray stares at it, afraid to speak.
Ray stares at the back of the car, afraid to speak.
She's a smuggler.
That's a shock.
No, it was our house.
That was an accident.
He shakes it off.
Slow down!
We gotta crawl out the window.
But you gotta get there quick, before the police, `cause T.J. will get scared.
I don't want him to get scared, you know.
I don't think you have much to worry about judging from the look of them, probably brought here to work in the sex trade.
Under protest.
Swell.
They stopped.
One phone call and he's mine again.
Assault.
And I'm afraid this time they'll blow the bus.
-- So who are you afraid of betraying?
They killed him.
Only the crazies.
So I'm a fanatic.
From the ground.
It was crazy but I did what I had to do.
They are now face to face with the most fearsome killing machine in the history of man.
Surveilling me?
At this rate.
They needed to get out.
(trembling) Sharon, they are all dead but the last cell and they are crazy with fear.
(with rising terror) But it's over, your point's been made, why spill any more blood?
Shoot.
Shoot.
Slow down.
Rebels?
What rebels?
Homework?
I'm afraid I can't do that, Mr. Daglish.
Where did you get this blood?
Traitor!
But I fear it's intention may have been to kill the peace accords and spark a civil war between the Hutu Militia and the Tutsi rebels.
Stop this.
They are being evacuated.
It is urgent.
(fearful) Where are we going, sir?
Oliver shakes his head no.
It is dangerous to be here.
Go help the children.
Watch.
I'm sorry to tell you this but we've heard rumors the Militia are getting ready to storm the hotel.
I don't have the fuel for this convoy.
No, Paul, they're afraid.
(nervous now) I led no massacres.
It's the rebels.
The pounding of construction ringing in their ears as this skyscraper, a tribute to mankind's greed, grows daily, casting an ominous shadow over their lives, filling them with dread even as they are surrounded in a black, toxic fog, blocking out the sun while poisoning their lungs!
(horrified) Tootsie!
They took blood?
Aren't you giving an exam?
Do I have a case?
Dizziness?
Nightmares?
I recovered quickly and was back at work in ten days.
They're frightened for themselves, their families... Maybe it's the homo angle.
They sabotaged me.
You had contact with someone who has AIDS, and you're worried.
We were sitting in the same room, three, four feet... What if you shake hands?
You carry it on your clothes, your skin, and now I've got to worry about my kid.
But it there's something in your past you're worried about... Thanks, Doc, but I don't need an AIDS test.
Are you crazy?
Compassion?
Hang in there.
Broke it.
To be honest, I'm worried about Mommy and Daddy.
And, in their panic, they did what most of us would like to do with AIDS... Get it, and the people who have it, as far away from us as possible.
It's disgusting.
You're scared.
I am so scared.
I had a blood transfusion today.
I still am.
I didn't tell the others, I was afraid to... ... But now, we're standing up for ourselves... ... But we shouldn't have fired him... ... It's time to get this society back on track!
(dire) Where is he?
A beat.
--an you hear me?!
You still there?
I'm hanging up now.
Concerned, but not panicked.
Watching.
The furniture in this abandoned house is all covered with sheets giving the entire place a creepy, haunted feel.
Closer and closer, until we ENTER the phone and TRAVEL THROUGH THE WIRES to -- As we PULL BACK we see that we're in the Ford Bronco, racing through: Ryan guns the engine as Jessica panics on the other end of the phone.
There's an ungodly amount of opposing traffic-- But suddenly there's a break in the flow!
What?! Did you lose him?
Dreading talking to Jessica, Ryan slowly picks up the receiver.
He shoots.
(staring at the gun) Not exactly... SFX: BEEP-BEEP!! Jessica starts growing afraid.
Greer winds up and BAM! Hits Jessica in the stomach, knocking the wind out of her and causing her to fall to the ground.
(threatening) Shoot.
Helpless.
Oh Jesus!! Jessica drains ghost-white.
Jessica watches in horror as Hodges begins to slowly DRAW HIS GUN.
She closes her eyes, praying Greer won't hear it-- But Greer does hear it.
He strides back into the room, listening to the noise under her voice.
Afraid, she shuts her mouth... and prays.
Are you still there?
Lady?! Suddenly, STATIC starts drowning out Ryan's side of the call.
YOU HEAR ME?!
Dread.
Craig's eyes swell with fear.
Has more difficulty.
As it pulls off the road onto the driveway of the kidnappers safe house and parks.
Scans the cobweb-filled room, seeing nothing -- then from the depths of the shadows, Jessica materializes looking haunted and lifeless as a ghost.
Afraid to move.
Terrified to discuss Craig.
Trembling.
His leg threatening to rabbit-foot again.
And more terrifying, GREER stops picking up shell casings, turning his head ominously toward the CAMERA!
rush inside-- ANGLE THREE: The COPS rush inside the building, consult the Directory... ANGLE FOUR: Craig, panicked, reaches over to the DVD Recorder -- THE LAPTOP MONITOR -- ALL STATIC.
-- but he's frozen in fear at all the noise and dust.
We're gonna go home!
As Jessica watches in horror: Careens down the driveway and crashes into a pillar.
But not until they're both out of danger.
Where the hell were you! ?
Do you hear me?
Tomlin recovers and raises his GUN to get a bead on Ryan, but it causes the crowd around him to PANIC.
(lets that sink in, then) Our Shakespeare is a cypher, a ghost; his biography made not by history... but by conjecture.
A play? (to the Dwarf) Plays are the work of the devil, born from a cesspool of plague, whoredom, thievery, fornication, and heresy.
24 (beat) By whom?
(concerned) But what was it about?
Murdered!
(beat) But...
Young Oxford looks worried.
48 ...and in the fear of god, duly considering the causes for which matrimony was ordained.
He looks beaming over to... ...to be brought up in the fear and nurture of the Lord and praise of God.
Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars.
He's quickly joined by a few comrades-- and it quickly becomes a madhouse; half play, half real fight, as more audience members join the "battle".
Would you risk England for him?
To the Tower?
She abandoned me.
Bessie carefully closes Oxford's bedroom door and suddenly freezes.
She is crushed.
Arrest them both!
Servants scurry behind them, terrified of the intrusion, trying to stop them.
They open the doors into-- The ladies-in-waiting scream in fear when they see the two men in battle gear.
Abandoning his post without my leave!
He bites his nails nervous.
...and now instead of mounting barded steeds to fright the souls of fearful adversaries, he capers nimbly in a lady's chamber to the lascivious pleasing of a lute.
Essex looks concerned, but says no more.
118 Shakespeare watches from backstage, getting more and more nervous by the audience's reaction.
The actors are getting nervous.
His throat still hurts.
It's big money, and they put it to use... ... The government got scared.
The place is as dangerous as a snakepit.
E.L.C. attack platoon...
Is there a problem?
He's in the jungle...
A long, livid scar marks the wound.
Beat.
He stops.
The greenery suddenly transforms into two men wearing face-paint and full-body military camouflage gear and pointing twin cocked-and-locked CAR-15 assault rifles at the heads of the startled guerrillas.
Beat.
Beat.
Gordy shakes it off and starts running.
And you're too dangerous to travel with.
Armstrong shakes hands with Gordy.
He stops.
They approach the Suburban and the house once more.
Suddenly, an open man gets the ball.
There's a beat.
Beat.
He realizes the horror of what will happen.
pile out of the house.
Dark and dank.
Another bomb?
What about the asylum?
Beat.
I saw only parts of the building... I'm sorry.
He said he wanted the people of America to feel the terror.
OFF which, as they're swallowed up by the dark garage -- Brandt, Phipps, Dray, Selena and Gordy -- along with the rest of the entourage -- walk through the interagency nerve center.
Gordy carries Mauro, still asleep.
Beat.
A parked car suddenly pulls out in front of the speeding Ducati.
The car's driver, frightened and flustered by the near collision, is slow moving out of the way.
He sags.
Why are we stopping again?
Why do we stop here?
"You're fired."
(visibly worried) I tell ya I never -- (quickly) Save it -- (to Miss Martin) Matter of fact -- Bob, here, says that the hide he saw yesterday had the K.C. brand on it.
Oh -- hmmm -- well, what do you intend doing about it?
(mystified) What are you doing?
Went to sleep soon's we laid him down.
Dave's an ornery old cuss when he gets goin' -- No shape to drive on, I'm afraid.
He's taken a beating this last week would shake a better man.
(shaking his head) No more tonight, son.
(flaming) You took it at the point of a gun -- (suddenly whipping a revolver from her saddle holster) -- and I'm taking it back the same way!
So I can fire him.
I do not blame you, but I fear I must hate you.
I'm afraid there's one man you can't rawhide into jumping the way you want.
No -- I'm afraid I don't.
-- Robbing -- armed robbery at that.
(has had about enough) Listens, you -- (suddenly controls himself) There's nothing in there that'd interest you.
(shaking) Me? No! Oh yes you do.
It is dangerous, senorita.
Afraid?
(genuinely concerned) Oh, Mr. Rocklin -- please -- I think Auntie is out of her mind -- she's in her room -- laughing.
I'm afraid I'm not much of a dancer.
(suddenly frantic) Get out of there!
Horrible!
I'm afraid there is no next course.
I can hear you.
What did you hear?
Is he being punished?
I would be happy to sample one however I'm afraid I haven't the finance with me just now.
She cuts herself off.
You'll scare the poor slob away.
(moving to the door) This is always the scary part.
Do you miss him?
You owe it to him.
We'll miss you.
It's too big a risk.
Coretta, sun catch me tip-toein' out your door and no tellin' what your neighbors say... Dupree run through his money, fall asleep on me.
The letter from Mouse was worrying me in more ways than one...
(suddenly alarmed) This ain't your friend's car?
You arresting me?
I'm afraid I'd better have someone go with me.
Daphne-- I can understand why you'd be nervous... because I threatened you with Coretta... I'm very sorry, but I couldn't think of any other way to get you to come.
(dangerously) Where is she?
(continuing; panicked) Easy, wait!
Carter fumbles in his wallet, and too nervous to count the money, shoves the wallet at Easy.
(terrified) Frank!
Cut me in on this.
They'd be dead.
You crazy!
And he was laying up there dead with the same suit on and a knife in his chest.
(last warning) Sit down.
I didn't touch nothin' in his house!
Hell, yeah.
Let him live, Raymond, and he be scared whenever you walk in the room.
Motherfucker better be scared.
I kill him!
His head on his chest, he's sound asleep.
You leave, he's worried but he can't even get his buddies in the police department to help him find you...
Joppy's yelling, afraid that Easy's gun will go off.
SCREAM!
And they'll hear it.
The kind more akin to fear than the word itself...
The kind that fries your skin with the cold chill of horror.
But I gotta go.
Shoot.
I'm gonna go to work for myself.
Is he dead?
Stop it!
What the hell is that?
What the hell are they doing in there?
I was going to listen to it last night but I -- -- feel asleep.
(in French) What is that a threat?
That should shake things up.
(freaking out) This is bad.
We're dead.
Too risky.
You have enough to worry about, Angelo.
A debt is a debt.
You killed her.
Go away.
Listen I'm afraid there has been a big-- (overlapping; in French) -- I've got the tapes.
The tapes are in the wooden chest.
Accident.
Accident.
There's a pain.
Who the hell are you?
Shoot him.
You bitch!
It was an accident.
Now that's too bad.
Now can you go away?
Poor thing.
Now why'd you go and scare the nice man like that?
The bitch.
She tortures me.
BOBBY (sarcastic) Do we shake hands?
It can't be done at the house.
Are there snakes out here?
How are you going to get out of here?
It gets down to one thing -- are you a human being or are you one of those hungry ghosts out there never satisfied with nothing?
Cops.
I hear you.
Who's cursed?
I cursed them.
Night is when you let your guard down; when you see things in the shadows and hear things in the dark.
It's when you wish the sun was bakin' high in the sky so you could see what it is you're afraid of.
You afraid of the dark?
Afraid of it?
People are afraid of what they can't see.
Just like your Mama, always scared of things... Well, well.
But it's the horror movies you'll be remembered for.
Can we talk about the horror movies now?
Still.
The central nervous system selects items from a constant storm of sensations.
We'll watch it.
Funny is funny and scary is scary.
More your line.
And the fear you showed at our last session?
Disgust, fear of the unknown -- all part of the great gulf that stands between us.
Monsters?
Blast her.
He missed out.
I am still here.
You're crazy.
But she senses that Carrie is both perfectly serious and quite worried, and she too glances warily over at the White house just beyond the half-grown hedge.
Carrie now really scared shakes her head and disappears farther into the hedge.
Stop that!
Stop that!
Suddenly their motions are ARRESTED.
Margaret doesn't sit, and Eleanor flees into the kitchen.
She struggles.
Now change up.
A struggle.
Which he does; he manages to touch her arm, and it's a weird moment, this contact.
A beat.
(beat) Okay.
Watching him.
Did you hear me?
Doan worry, piggies, doan worry.
I'm gonna bash your fuckin' heads in, and you woan have to worry `bout the bomb no more.
And fear.
(confiding) I'm really nervous.
(beat) But it's over with.
There's still your boat.
He pauses for a moment, surveying the gym floor and the anxious prom-goers.
Fromm starts heading toward the stage to get control of the microphone, to stop the panic.
Watching, riveted with horror, some of them screaming, others frozen to the spot as the cyc CRACKLES.
The light bar begins to shake.
Helen Shyres is backed into a corner, giggling with horror, in shock, utterly hysterical.
Terror and disbelief.
Nightmare.
And the ground is swallowing up the house.
That was serious for a while.
This is dangerous!
Be still.
What the hell.
We have a problem.
And the watch.
Hit the panic button!
But it wasn't literal - there wasn't a kid lying there with a gaping hole in his chest.
Sorry to be a wet blanket, folks.
Will you cut it out?
Why does cash suddenly appear, every time you are near?
Don't do a dance with me... (still clowning) You mean you don't want the extra free gift of a colorful giant map of the world??? (distressed) Sidney, please, dear, if you feel nervous... (with cruelty) So what'll you do if I feel nervous?
If that's for me, tear it up!
He wants me to go on the road with them.
I skip the pleading nervous bit that sometimes blends over into bluster.
There is some allusion here that escapes me... (an edge of threat) We're friends, Harvey - we go as far back as when you were a fresh kid Congressman, don't we?
Why does everything you say sound like a threat?
What is this, blackmail?
Beat it!
What am I missing here?
You're a snake, Falco.
R.O. - (hangs up and walks to street) We shall see what we shall see... (lazily) And don't ever use this apartment phone again; I have a nervous sister.
They were just here - in a panic... Who was just there?
(unturning) You hear that, Susie... (to Steve) Continue please... (shaking his head) I'm afraid I can't cope with them.
But your manner is so threatening that she's afraid to speak!
But what a world it would be if we were all afraid to learn to walk and talk because it might offend poppa!
Something got you scared, Sidney...? Listen, rectify me a certain thing.
(walking away) She'll be fast asleep in five minutes, loaded with those headache pills... Now we'll get to you, Sidney.
(acid) Let me finish what I started to say - (coming forward) What a cornball you are, Sidney... (anxiously) Susie! (in growing fear) (with authority) Susie, this is J.J.! Open up! (wildly) No! NO! Don't touch me! (sharply) Susan!... (her body shaking) Go away!...Go away!... (sobbing bitterly) (in a choked voice) Talk to her, Sidney... (hushed) Talk to her yourself... Yuh...Yuh... (he listens) Just a minute... (turning back to Susan) Susie, it's Mr. D'Angelo - from the hospital... Yes...yes...yes... (speaking with difficulty) Steve...is out of danger... (soberly) That means a lot to you? Yes.
Stop!
Stop!
Turning dreams into Nightmares.
What fear?
No one's been afraid of you since the Dark Ages! Oh, the Dark Ages.
Everyone frightened.
But then the Man in the Moon chose you to replace my fear with your wonder and light!
Hahahahaha!...Don't fight the fear, little man.
It's fear.
Afraid?
People's greatest fears.
But you're afraid of what the Guardians will think.
You're afraid of disappointing them.
Stop it!
Nightmares.
No, they'll fear both of us.
Jack, I'm scared.
Jack, I'm scared.
Jack, I'm scared.
Yeah! Mate, you are a sight for sore eyes!
There will always be fear!
They can't be my Nightmares, I'm not afraid.
Looks like it's your fear they smell.
That is wicked!
(indicates the dark room) Yeah, that's a big relief.
(worried) You thinkin bout closing down?
That woman scares me.
He used to come to the dinner table with a sense of dread.
Where you hear that?
He meets the Sheriff's eyes, trying to strike a balance between defiant and submissive- Where you headed?
Reverend Cutlip shifts gear, filling his voice with a sense of dread and warning- But you got to pay attention to who it is walking beside you, Brothers and Sisters, got to be wary against those who will hold you back from your journey!
Hospital?
(concerned) What you gonna do with it?
She shakes flour off, unzips it- Nothing inside.
Don't have no fightin, don't have no killin, don't have none of that dismal nonsense in my house.
Holding her is dangerous.
I felt a great disturbance in the Force... as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.
I fear something terrible has happened.
I'm afraid she's scheduled to be terminated.
The Force is with him.
Blast it, will you!
I'm taking an awful risk, Vader.
Blast it!
Watch yourself!
What about the tower?
Can you hear me?
I'm afraid it isn't true.
That rules out the scientific and engineering applications, and I'm afraid we reserve non-military options for candidates who are frankly less able-bodied than you are, son...
You'll resign, and that's all there is to it.
Suddenly he's afraid he's never gonna see me again or something.
It's exciting, but it's scary, too isn't it.
MEDIC !
I'm afraid you'll hate me, and I couldn't stand that.
It's war !
The Federal Court met moments ago and voted unanimously for mobilization to destroy the Arachnid threat.
Great scars.
What do I want with a scar ?
Johnny...! Medic... MEDIC...! Oh, God... Oh, God, help me... please help me...! Take my hand !
There's a war on.
Dismissed.
That's crazy !
My present location is 42 degrees South by 176 degrees East... situation is extremely hostile... We've gotta go get her !
It's afraid.
That's O.K. I'll worry about that later.
(to himself) You're under arrest.
She died.
I'm a single mother and I needed a job.
He needed a job.
They don't live here -- I do! (sotto) Nick honey -- the kids are real nervous about the Spring concert.
Afraid of a little water?
It was a accident!
You're firing me?
Threatening Henry?
A disaster.
You nervous, Mr. Perlman?
Don't get more than thirty minutes worth of nervous!
Treachery, ma'am.
Majesty, we have proven reason to fear every Catholic in the land - Fear creates fear, sir.
Why stop there?
The threats to your person are real.
She goes on to the steps at the foot of the altar, and kneels to pray.
Double Pink revision 18 July - p.8 Let's pray, Bess.
May we have wisdom not to fear shadows in the night, and courage when the day of danger truly dawns.
I die.
You live with fear, in the grip of fear - fear of storms, fear of sickness on board, fear of the immensity.
How can you escape?
So you must drive your fear down, deep into your belly, and study your charts, and watch your compass, and pray for a fair wind - and hope.
He's the TORTURER.
What's he dying for?
Reston puts his hands on Babington's shoulders and gently but irresistibly forces him down to pray with them.
Because I was afraid.
I was afraid that he was lying to me.
He sees the horror in her eyes, at the thought that she has sent an innocent man to his death.
I am to be obeyed.
Since when were you so afraid?
Yes, I am afraid.
Then - You fear your soul will be touched.
orchid revisions 28 june - p.79A Elizabeth closes her eyes.
A gasp of horror from the spectators.
may 1 blue draft 28 June - p. 83 Philip of Spain is a God-fearing man.
Do you hear me?
Spanish sailors watch in horror as the spreading flames of the fire-ships move inexorably toward them.
Philip stares in horror at the flickering candle.
42 142 Chaos and panic amongst the Spanish sailors as the fire- ship approaches.
From beneath, we see the hulls collide.
He goes down on his knees.
Eighteen is a little early to be worrying about your age.
But humans, a little poison, dagger to the heart.
You're too fragile.
And frankly, it's scaring the hell outta me, and your mother.
I mean, at first I was worried.
This is dangerous.
Stop.
Are insane.
(trying to figure it out) The more dangerous... the more real it was.
You hear that?
(sudden mock-horror) God, you're right, you're like Satan -- Yo, Jake, you in there?
People are scared.
You look scared.
Stop.
God, I'm sorry.
That's... too bad.
Threaten him.
No, that's too dangerous -- I'll take the risk.
You just have to... stop.
They're too dangerous.
We took out that leech with the dreads easy enough.
She deserves a shot at a normal life -- But see, you don't have to worry about that, not anymore -- Why, Rose?
Kill me!
That's harsh.
I love the scar on her neck from this operation she had as a kid.
I hate that centipede-shaped scar.
Watch.
Hanging out?! Yeah.
So, basically you do want to ask the question, `are we boyfriend/girlfriend?' You're just afraid you'll get an answer you don't want and that will shatter your illusions of how good everything's been these past few months.
Now back to work you go.
I've been crazy.
It's suicidal.
And it's painful.
Are you here to interview?
Are you interviewing?
Symptoms may include fever, sore throat, headaches, white patches on the back of your throat, swollen glands, sluggishness and loss of appetite.
He walks up the steps to the LOBBY ENTRANCE of his building... Suddenly, he stops in his tracks.
What the hell are you doing?
KUMAR looks nervous.
Then, suddenly, the SECURITY GUARD from before appears in the hallway with ANOTHER Hey, you!
Suddenly, KUMAR pulls the car over to the side of the road... Now what are you doing?
Suddenly, A CREEPY GUY (FROM OUT OF NOWHERE) walks over to him.
Kumar looks at the Creepy Guy -- totally confused.
The Creepy Guy simply goes about his business.
On the operating table is a PATIENT BLEEDING FROM HIS CHEST.
The Patient is scared.
With a quick thrust, Kumar jabs the needle into the Patient's chest, causing a rush of air!
(scared shitless) Uhh...you said outside that we can have sex with her! FREAK SHOW runs over to HAROLD and grabs him by the collar!
Are you crazy?
Is there a problem?
Harold is scared shitless.
That's only because they sound scary.
HUGEST ANGRIEST BLACK GUY gives Harold the same scary look from before.... FREAK SHOW is shoveling some burgers from the ground into a wheelbarrow.
Kumar is scared as shit.
He's scared shitless.
You know, my whole life I've been afraid being just another nerdy Indian guy turned doctor.
Somewhere between that, getting yelled at by my dad, and seeing Neil Patrick Harris, I realized that I've always wanted to be a doctor-- I've just been too scared to admit it.
Beats me.
Let's shake hands.
And the social.
I'm dictating it.
I had a toothache.
Toothache.
She's afraid to go in.
I didn't used to be afraid of it.
Did those two muscle heads shake you down?
Who'd you steal it from?
Who'd he steal it from?
God-fearing girl.
Back to work!
The fork is the least of your worries, Claude.
Armed robbery.
They're convicts.
Nagger?
I handled your mama, didn't I? Don't y'all worry.
Hell with him.
This boat's gonna sail without you, too.
Scared me at first.
Hell with you then.
Is there a problem?
You're a Czech national and you're a Russian national.
I coulda had my head blown off and for what?
Okay, you're under arrest!
My Uncle Tony worked with you at 2-1 back when you were a rookie.
She stripped me!
How you erase this?
What the hell is that??
It's my fire!
The Slavs have been fighting the Germans and the Russians for a thousand years.
Clerk said the room was rented by a Russian... I'll come with you.
This is his case.
Tall, short-haired, scary eyes.
Daphne, will you be coming back to work?
Cut.
Is she the kid you're gonna save from the burning building?
Divorced.
What is your problem?
You were merciless.
Hiding.
Always afraid that someone would find out who I was.
Hang up.
I've been threatened by better than you.
He's surrendered.
What's your cut?
I'm abused.
Drop it off.
Cut.
Oh, I forgot your burnt hands.
I'm afraid they're unfit for further service in that direction.
Their nervous systems are deranged, disorganized, brittle.
We crashed.
In the war?
Your hands... Oh, your poor hands!
(nervous) Hey, stop it, will ya?
Wheeeee! (nervous) Stop it!
Stop it!
A cemetery.
(concerned) You've been invited?
(suddenly serious) Cary, why does Shep Lambert go on drinking so desperately?
In the war.
Well, you see, a tic is a nervous habit.
(uneasy) I'm afraid for Abelard.
It's getting dark.
(flustered) Well, I'm afraid you won't have time for a drink.
Is that so dangerous?
That's the last of Francis, I'm afraid.
Before the war.
He had died once.
They beat him.
Stop it!
Hi, Curly.
She was an immigrant.
What's an immigrant?
What'd she die of?
That looked like *your* knife--what I seen of it.
I think he worried about his own heart.
This is an assault.
A beat.
This is my fear.
Before he's forewarned.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 40.
A beat.
Worried?
Twisting a gold cufflink like a worry bead.
Suddenly he sobers.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 59.
Russian Embassy.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 61.
Squeak.
Squeak.
Russian Embassy, yeah.
Why the FUCK would they go to the Russians?! ... Why the FUCK... ... I'm sorry.
He looks up at the dark house, squinting against the rain.
Hey! Yellow Revision 8/24/07 72.
(abashed) Yellow Revision 8/24/07 73.
Burn the body.
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 86.
Foreigner?
Yellow Revision 8/24/07 87.
Russian embassy.
No! I----I'm terribly worried about my associate.
She hangs up.
... He's in coma.
If he wakes up we'll worry about it then.
She's dying.
(yells) This will be!
what the hell is . . .
Now! What the hell are you doing?
deformity.
Look if you're worried about PR don't be.
God damnit!
He's dead.
We have an emergency!
On my watch!
Robot huh? Kay-em 14. Barbie from hell... Cybernetics science droid, fluent in over six... Yeah 3cpo, I saw STAR WARS, now how about you help me get out of this coffin, Barbie... I'm afraid I cannot assist.
You need to get laid!
We should hear her out!
You're crazy!
But... Damnit, he's got them.
Yeah, that's it, scare the hell out of here, that'll work.
Can you hear me?! Yeah.
You scared the hell out of me! Give me a break!
Hang on.
She had no titties on her chest; that didn't bother me, For what she had between her legs was big enough for three.
Bomb?
You killed him?
I'm pulling, damnit!
You're too weak.
(nervous) Okay, good tip.
I missed you too.
You are fired.
Still sore?
Said he was scared.
I'm not selling my house.
It was so disgusting.
The creepy guy.
I didn't think he was creepy.
Stop here.
Where's your arm?
She stops.
That was her line.
The trestle starts to shake.
Will you die?
Stars and grease and metal and night collide.
Dad! Daddy! Rose throws the bathroom door open in a panic.
Damn it dad, you scared me.
Winston looks nervous.
It was an accident.
It was an accident.
How do you burn down a house, Norah?
She burnt down a house.
I didn't lose the house.
You're starting to freak me out.
Stop it.
You scared the hell out of me! Oh, wow.
You sabotage.
Stop.
You're killing me.
Be afraid.
You scared me.
Oh, you can say paralyzed.
I was afraid if I waited any longer it would all pass me by, and I'd miss my chance.
I...I'm stunned.
What's sorry going to do? Oh, I thought you were in your room.
I miss you.
I miss you, too.
I'm afraid I'm going to scare him away.
I'm disgusting.
And truthfully, I'm kind of scared of them.
(woozy, afraid) I don't think that's the baby's hair.
(afraid) I think it's the placenta.
All of a sudden it just hit me, what am I waiting for?
What am I so afraid of?
I'd slap you right now, but I'm afraid your teeth would fly out.
Do you want me to call your scary lesbian friends from your group?
What the hell are you doing here?
I'd get an irrigation ditch so squirmin' full of repented sinners I pretty near *drowned* half of 'em! (Sighing) But not no more.
He got a knife in me and I laid him out with a shovel.
(terrified) You're *trespassin'*!
(In sudden terror as he approaches) Tommy, you didn't *bust* out, didya?
I was so scared we was goin' away without you--and we'd never see each other again.
You don't have to worry about that.
(Suddenly sniffing) I smell spareribs.
We got a sick ol' lady.
(shocked) When?
An' that's why you didn't want 'em to look? (nodding) I was afraid they'd stop us an' wouldn't let us cross.
What'd you hear?
(shaking his head) No cop can come in here without a warrant.
Government.
You busted it!
You hear?
Riot?
Drop it.
(concerned) You been in too many rough ones lately, Kid.
So all the men are scared silly about what the soldiers will do to them.
Shooter!
(startled) At the what?
Shooter here.
Rough how? Tuesday there was a ball game, but then the Cardinals went on the road.
You been scared of The Kid? Should I be scared of him?
Nooo, a man can't do that.
Worrying takes time and we don't have a lot.
It's worse than that.
I might have to kill myself.
I'm obsessed.
Violent panic!
I fear they will never allow me to keep Albert.
He's dead.
Uh... I'm afraid they've already been sent.
Francois wanted to torch the trailer where it sits, but I've convinced him a parking lot will reduce the risk of collateral damage.
He's on with the police.
Is he under arrest?
Under arrest?
I'm afraid Lance and Wally got into a terrible row.
Who died?
"R-Bomb"?
Then come back and we'll work with you.
A procedure.
I'm new to this coll ge life and, I confess, she sca es e This whole place scares me.
I woke up this morning so nervous about the first day of school.
That's me! Read this book Follow (he laughs mock That usually scares people.
Yet none of you have fled.
My bad.
We're being invaded!
Shake hands.
Don t worry.
Bang her.
My helmet?
Do you have a crush on me?
What the hell are you doing here?
And he always told me, the taking off part is easy, it's the landing you've got to worry about.
Prisoner in.
Prisoner in.
Your offense?
Intriguing.
Murder.
The murder.
Not for you to worry.
You have your intrigues.
For murder?
Slow down.
And I will be watching.
The mafia.
De lo contrario vas a quedar como un marica sin horror.
This is my operation.
Don't you dare step one foot in this house.
I'm afraid there is a problem, Mr. Jung.
I'm afraid your funds have been appropriated by the Panamanian Government... What are we going to do?!
Miss?
Miss?
I'm sorry, baby.
It's getting dark.
Now you gone and done it, Raines And they flee ... They're gone... What's going on -- ?
Crazy.
I didn't want you to worry.
Till it falls asleep.
Hell, yeah.
Yeah Tell him to lay off Kip and them Tell him it's on Any idea how you're gonna go at it?
You hear me?
Hell, yeah.
That bugged me.
We've got to shake them tomorrow night.
And there's only one more night ... Getting nervous, Ray?
Nervous?
I'm nervous.
Donny's nervous.
Everyone's nervous.
"Snake."
"Snake."
Let me worry about The Club ... No worries ... I've got you floored... We're off ... Take the curb... Man, can you corner... Know not to get on it ... Momentum shift ... Don't get on those brakes too hard ... Get her up on her tires.
Hospital.
A tragedy.
Hell, yeah.
Some days I'm afraid -- I'm afraid I'll go berserk, rip the Elvis Costello mobile from the ceiling, throw the "Country Artists Male A-K" rack out onto the streets, go off to work in a Virgin Megastore and never come back -- I'm looking for a record for my daughter.
Rob.
That's weird, isn't it?
You spend Christmas at somebody's house, you know, and you worry about their operations and you see them in their bathrobe, and...
That's insane.
That is perverse.
But there are so many other things to worry about.
One day Laura's sorry and guilty, and the next she's scared and angry, and I'm entirely responsible for the transformation, and it doesn't do my case any good at all.
Gotta go.
What the hell?
They're into death.
It's got that creepy Halloween feeling.
I lost it, and I didn't want to blow my top in there, and... look, the reason I fucked everything up was because I was scared.
I didn't mess things up because I was scared.
Where's Rob?
This is the way it is now: You can't find the heart of anything to stick the knife.
What a loss.
I live in fear of hearing my name called.
On this side - a sledgehammer gripped in Richie's fist, on the move, suddenly fills the frame.
You know the Number 1 fear of most people isn't dying; it's public speaking.
They regard each other again in silence ... As a police captain counts the stacks of money, Lou Toback, Richie's superior from the prosecutors office, walks in, his night out interrupted by this emergency.
As Richie leaves alone, he's aware of all the eyes on him - knowing the other cops' looks don't signify awe or respect, but contempt and fear, like Rivera predicted.
You need a job?
In the jar.
Is he dead?
He's dead.
I'm dead.
Comes past Richie who grabs his arm and pushes the sleeve up exposing a line of puncture scabs and scars.
She's stunned.
For the cops.
And they're fearless.
Strong enough to smoke for all those suburban white kids afraid of needles.
So I hear.
How dangerous it is.
Are you crazy?
Now, I can take care of him in New York, but I don't want to have to worry every time he drives across the bridge to Jersey someone's gonna take another shot at him.
I'm crazy.
The war's over.
Suddenly, there's a LOUD RUMBLING o.s.
Rain is knocked out of the clouds and lands in one big THWUMP!
Monitors line the wall showing hundreds of news reports from around the globe; panic, chaos and pandemonium.
Detonate.
As he succeeds, the noise mutates to the Vogon Captain's voice.
He stops.
Thy suppurations are to me as plerdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee.
What the hell are you doing here?
Arthur recoils in horror, instinctively raises his fists.
Zaphod wrestles with Head 2 while A THIRD ARM springs out of Zaphod's chest and PUNCHES ARTHUR in the jaw.
WORRIED MUTTERS FROM THE CROWD.
Stop doing this!
The Jatravartids, who live in perpetual fear 5 52.
They stop.
I'm too depressed.
Destroyed."
Destroyed?
Stunned.
We cannot see the beast but it's screams of hunger are scaring the hell out of Trillian.
And hey,what's this whistling roaring sound going past what I'm suddenly going to call my head?
Camera pulls back from the whale, abandoning it ...
That's it, ground!
Suicide?
Arthur finally gets his legs to move, steps up -- but hesitates at the threshold, paralyzed with fear, unable to take a step.
Ford rolls his eyes, turns... Before he finishes the sentence, a PANEL in the wall slides open revealing a LARGE, SCARY LOOKING GUN.
There's a struggle.
(shuddering) 9 89.
Shoot him again.
She shoots him again.
I was sorry to hear about it being blown up.
Shoot him!!
Is he dead?
Why? What's his problem?
That's what I'm driving for, when the big storm comes and knocks down all the forests and the rocks fall down and the leave's are bare.
There is not the luxury of worrying about how the fallout will settle.
hell is for cowards, for hypocrites who fear to live by the strength of their own convictions.
This is war.
The hell you do.
I'm just so scared of that song.
(freaks) Would you, shush?!
(nervous mumble) What?
What is your problem?
Go home and go to sleep.
Does she sound pissed, scared, hostile?
Did she mention the police?
Stop it!
Stop.
I'm talking about Lois having relaxed her anxiety.
Hear what?
It is mortal.
(high anxiety) My Lord, please!
Kill him!
Kill him!
I am curious as to what manner of creature is so fearsome that it takes six men to attack it.
Have we treed the devil himself?
Kill him!
On your knees, Gisborne.
It was you he was scared of.
He haunts my dreams.
A dark- skinned foreigner.
Kill them!
Kill them!
Kill him.
Kill them both.
I failed him.
It's not the men we fear, sir.
Here are your ghosts, Duncan.
You scare easily, my painted Saladin.
'Twill put hair on your bloomin' chest.
We're outlaws.
(then, to Aslan) Why scare them?
Ah, I feared as much.
They says as 'ow none o' the Sheriff's cronies dare go within miles o' Sherwood for fear o' havin' their pockets pinched.
The journey is fraught with danger.
The only way we can be attacked is from the Nottingham Road.
I am sorry, my lady.
(horror) The painted man!
They have poisoned you.
I will kill him for you.
How did you escape?
Their deaths are a warning.
He is concealed.
(nervous) Why waste fine vintage, my lord?
You can kill my body, but you cannot kill our spirit.
I am your death.
Against a tyrant.
They are rebelling.
Cars pull up onto the boat.
Yeah, she's really worried about Bruce.
Malcolm shakes furiously.
She starts suddenly toward Margot.
It's disgusting to me.
She was in a cult?
Pauline hits him in the chest and starts to walk away.
The threat is not out there.
It's cowardly.
(suddenly terrified) What?
You have a fever.
(suddenly irritable) Claude, stop it.
You were afraid I would go out the back door.
Claude says suddenly: I masturbated last night.
While everyone was asleep I went into the bathroom and did it.
Something to instill fear in the criminal mind.
Did you hear about that?
It was horrible!
Ronnie, can you get her down to my office so the Police can talk to her in private when they arrive.
Sorry to interrupt.
What are you still doing here?
Hell yeah!
This is disgusting.
The world is a scary place with lots of evil everywhere.
So, what do you feel is the greatest danger facing a police officer today?
I just worry about you is all.
I hear you.
Hell yeah!
I'm an outlaw.
I gotta go.
(stunned) What are you doing?
There isn't any (breathless) Oh my God ... (sinking to his knees/ scooping up the remains) Oh my God ... David, stop stressing, you can like-- turn it on normally ... No you can't, Jen! It's a new TV.
(panicking) This isn't funny!
Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore.
It's swell.
Bud ... (a little nervous) Hi ya Bud.
(still panting a little) No, I ... I was just ... worried about her. (oppressively paternal) Bud, your sister's a little older now and she's naturally going to start going out with boys.
I WARNED you.
"Changes."
They have one hour in the back of a car and suddenly they're in technicolor.
Honey--I'm home ... (frightened) What is that?
There's nothing to be afraid of.
(terrified) What do you mean?
(nuts) (terrified) I'm going to leave now.
(as scared as she is) Come on!
(suddenly stronger) C'mere, Dan.
Where's our lawyer?
See, I know you want it to stay "Pleasant" but there are so many things that are so much better: like Silly ... or Sexy ... or Dangerous ... or Wild ... or Brief ... (beat) And every one of those things is in you all the time if you just have the guts to look for them.
A beat.
Musketeers...
Musketeers.
Outlaws.
(as he enters) Look out! (wincing in pain) Aaarrgghh... (in a panic; looking around) Where are they?
Where are the Musketeers?
(alert) What?
Countries align more swiftly than people, I'm afraid.
She scares me too.
You'll miss it, I'm afraid.
But you're wounded.
The Musketeers.
But the Guards.
You're threatening us?
I said, 'A Queen is no different than a barmaid in the dark.
And when he looks at you, do you suddenly forget how to breathe?
Musketeers...
While the English attack from without, I'll undermine the throne from within -- depose you -- and become sovereign of France myself.
The dark forest.
Athos rides into the forest.
(with sudden concern) But, d'Artagnan, if this spy was to find out you are here, your life could be in grave danger.
A Musketeer is not afriad of danger.
I'm dangerous.
D'Artagnan follows, battles for the dagger, stunned with fear and surprise: What're you doing?! Have you lost your mind?!
You can kill me.
Athos' face grows dark.
(a long beat, honest at the last) I have become... the nightmare you once thought me to be.
BOOM -- the great door threatens to split in half.
Richelieu huddles with Rochefort amid the rising panic.
Kill her, too.
Musketeers surround Louis and Anne to ward off attack.
Athos shakes off the sudden pain, disposes of the Guard.
Then, eyes blazing, d'Artagnan attacks Rochefort with everything he's got, driving him into an adjoining chamber.
He attacks with gusto.
Frank walks into the rear of the room that the noise is coming from.
Devaney shakes his head no.
What about the police?
As the shot clears, the dark shape of another vehicle appears, slowly moving into frame over the top of the camera.
Why are we stopping?
As Frank comes through some bushes, he suddenly catches a glimpse of the 4 X 4 through the trees.
... and this is my exclusive?
(starting to panic) Let's just see how she is.
But you know he was in my house... oh my God.
His head turns to locate the source of the noise.
Watch this.
It's too dangerous.
Frank shakes the railing.
We were worried.
I know where you are and I'm coming for you... Rachel is paralyzed by fear, unable to hang up the phone.
Frank looks at Herb, suddenly alert.
The boat is approaching the end of the dock.
I'm afraid... of not being there... Fletcher stares at him, uncomprehending.
Then he disappears.
(hysterical) You, you, you...
What the hell'd I do now?
Who did I kill?
He's dead.
This is our case!
You don't have to worry about me, I'm not gonna hurt you.
Who the hell is this?
But you gotta remember how you saw him driving toward you and you were in the street and you were afraid he was going to hit you so you had to shoot to protect yourself.
It was your gun.
That's why you shot... ...Yeah.
I was scared... he was going to hit me.
That's why you shot him.
That's why I... ...shot him.
Clyde's the one we gotta worry about.
Except the cop.
Yeah, except the cop.
What the hell's this?!
What the hell're you doing?
(getting nervous) Um... there were lots of cars parked on the street.
I'm fuckin' nervous.
You scared the shit outa me.
I owe you.
It was worse!
Boo! Beatniks go home!
The musketeers.
It happens to other guys too... It's so scary up there.
(looking directly at her) Fear, pity, horror -- all those good things that count.
(cow noise) Mooooooo!!! (taking his shirt off) You remind me of a Russian peasant.
I wrecked it.
What the hell are you on?
(suddenly serious) No I can't and I won't.
Death?
It'd be a monster.
You're a COWARD!!
O?... splittling headache from which the future is made.
Unannounced unplanned for like a scaring overfriendly guest you've brought to bed? Death makes angels of us all?
The Warden?
Fight?
Wake up.
I'm eccentric.
I'm afraid I'm not going to tell you.
Now -- how does it feel to know you'll have to live with a horror like me the rest of your life?
Awful.
Awful.
You killed him.
You've killed me.
Why'd you want to kill me? (mumbles to himself) Gonna have an awful bad scar there... ... scars... ... got that one fallin off the barn back home... gashed it on a spike... Dad laughed... Dead now... Uncle John+s dead, too... ... that cut over the eye... in the ring at Myer... wouldn't let `em stop it... knocked the guy out... sixth round... ... ten stitch gash in the hip... workin in the gym attic... fell through the skylight... where was that?... so many scars... so many years... where they all gone to anyway...? Prew! Don't worry... Ain't gonna die.
Dismissed.
I busted him.
A stranger.
Bust it down.
You'll be killed!
You'll be dead!
Sabatoors is what worries me.
Theys the creepy ones.
What do I owe you?
But he has the gun.
Don 't worry, baby.
Onna house.
Back to work.
Bugs.
To go away after.
Disappeared.
No calls to the house.
What do I owe you?
(into phone) No. (phone filter) A brick house on Swallow Drive in Bel Air.
McCauley's gotta be gone.
Dead.
He's dying.
You're scared to death of Neil.
(shouts) Your worst nightmare.
(worried) Neil...? What's going on?
I owe him.
He's in interrogation?
It's... too slow.
I was also his " knife dummy" .
You kill them?
Fellas lived in daily fear of being Sectioned and with good reason, too.
Had that shaking thing, whatd'yacall it, epoxy?
I thought I was gonna have an attack.
I was afraid... Mueller voice FADES OUT as he continues to talk.
Oh, come on- We're sweeping our area and suddenly he's gone.
How was he killed?
That bugs you too?
We're going to find those bodies and when we do, I'm going to make sure one of them has a bullet in them that matches your weapon- What?
That's a fantastic idea- See, I just take your gun to the morgue and fire it into one of their skulls; then I call every newspaper in the country with the story about how Senator Kendall's gay son went nuts on a training mission- (beginning to panic) It won't work- It will and you know why?
I scared Dunbar into silence.
I owe you this.
You little pissers really think you can throw a scare into me?
Nervous passengers stare out the windows as the JR-88 lumbers along the tarmac, headed for the runway.
We're flying!
I've been in hospitals.
He quietly tries to grasp the horror he endured and the reality of his survival.
In the hospital.
You trying to scare me?
I'll stop.
I can stop.
I'm nervous because I was out the night before the crash at dinner- With Trina... Yeah and I had two glasses of wine.
She walks towards the house which is dark.
I'm worried about you.
Worry about yourself.
I'm afraid I'll use again.
You gotta go.
I'm scared of you.
I won't leave the house.
You can't drink in my house.
Okay, we gotta go.
It was more of an instinct.
Because I'm an alcoholic.
An interview.
But...Im afraid that if you get on that plane... What? (torn) Go.
You suddenly having trouble getting dates?
Stop here...
The kids are asleep... Jack.
I was watching that!
(nervous) Do what?
Thats why I work for Big Ed? (recovering) I mean, thats why I work for Big Ed... (almost to himself) So we had a baby, Big Ed had a heart attack, we b ought that house, and Ive been working for him ever since...Sayonara, Wall Street.
Are the kids asleep?
And I dont care how low on the totem pole I start, I will get it back... (poking him in the chest) So do yourself a favor and dont get too attached to that view because sometime soon, maybe very soon, you and your French country antiques, your chintz sofa, and your little play pen are gonna be moving out of that office.
I left the airport afraid Id never see you again.
Theyre all panicked here... Jack...? Are you going through the tunnel?
I changed.
(as FDR) "The only thing to fear is fear itself."
Here's the man to fear.
Lee's scared.
She's worried about me.
Lee's-- Let me guess...Lee's up all night-- probably on Benzedrine again--working that poor girl's murder-- You're worried about him.
And he's worried about me.
(beat) But who's worried about you?
Run with the ball.
Homicide.
Homicide.
Too bad.
Not at the house.
To most people--that's the scary stuff.
VOGEL (cont'd) Now Blanchard's scared of you.
Lee beauty gotta be scared of me 'cause of how I flapped my trap at trial, but all I know is what I read in the papers.
He threatened to tell DeWitt that Lee framed him.
Ghosts.
Thing is...There's another set of latents up there on the doorjamb...And my hands're shaking so bad I can't transfer 'em.
I'm a cop.
Is she? Beats me.
Someone held up a coffee shop, panicked and killed six people.
Did you kill her?
He's dead.
Your change!
You got the real Lynn Margaret Bracken... (re: scar) Where'd this come from?
I'm just the guy they bring in to scare the other guy shitless.
I gotta go.
That makes him dangerous.
You were anxious to talk to him weren't you?
That tears it.
It's got me worried sick.
He's superstitious about it.
I feel as if he was watching me.
I'm scared.
Kill him.
Too much pressure on my nerves.
There is a daughter, but all she remembers is Neff talking to her father about accident insurance at their house one night.
Are you afraid, baby?
Yes, I'm afraid.
I'm afraid of us.
It's ten times twice as dangerous.
I'm sorry, baby.
Butchers!
Well I'm real scared.
Damn right you're scared.
They shot me!
You are on fire.
Yeah, and dangerous.
More cartridges!
Dropped him, that was it.
You crazy?
Wyatt and his he- Devils, holy terrors and true, Five black centaurs blowin' fire And quicksilver!
Ambush!
How the hell are you?
Are you crazy?
Sister Boy! Thank God, we was afraid- You shouldn't've killed Mr. Fabian.
I'm warning you.
Revenge?
God, I'm so sorry.
When will you wake up?
I worry for him so, Mrs Dashwood.
Where did you disappear to?
I am afraid I obtained these from an obliging field.
What is it you suspect him of?
Oh, can I go!
Disappeared!
Poor thing!
You are pale.
No, indeed--for Edward is the most fearful of giving pain and the most incapable of being selfish of anyone I ever saw.
(urgent) What is your diagnosis?
I'm scared.
I broke him on that.
Do you get nervous in small confined spaces?
I was devastated.
(beat) Because the only fear she really has, is... ... me, yeah.
(singing) With each word, your tenderness grows, Tearing my fears apart...
I will die.
Rat.
I found you a situation some days ago but I've delayed telling you because the work is lowly and I fear you'll scorn it.
And I fear my whole life will pass, without ever having... Well now - exercise is a great cure for anything, they say.
Damnation.
Whose house is that?
Dead.
There are few masters who'd trouble to enquire whether their paid subordinates were hurt by their commands.
Dread remorse, Miss Eyre.
You're afraid of me because I talk like a sphynx.
At least... shake hands.
She's an excitable, nervous person and has taken a fit with fright.
She bit me - while the knife was in - Bit me - It was folly to attempt the interview tonight and alone.
She should have died!
I was afraid.
Why ever was I so afraid?
I'm afraid.
It's madness.
You're killing me now.
I'd kill you?
I am killing you?
Is he dead?
I had dreaded worse.
I'd dreaded he was mad.
Because I didn't want to tell you before, with your worries -- What?
It makes me nervous.
They're scarred for life.
I'm not gonna quit cause of one creepy phone call, George.
What the hell are you doing out here?
And I miss you.
The extortion, the threats ... I wasn't gonna -- "I can always find someplace else to work.
What the hell is this?
(Beat) Hello?
Oh yeah, how'd it go?
I'm unemployed.
She kidnapped herself!
They send us a toe, we're supposed to shit our- selves with fear.
Come on, Donny, they were threatening castration!
What happened to your house?
Who the hell is he?
Cowards, both of you!
You monsters!
You bullies!
(voice-over) Near burned down the house.
Okay, manslaughterer whos broke his parole and got in mind nothin but immoral purposes fars youre concerned.
Shes probly worried to death by now.
I gotta go.
Im afraid his car is gone, Mrs. Fortune.
Shit, thats what I was afraid of.
Somethin in that man scares me.
(a tinge of jealousy/fear) Lula tell you shes pregnant?
Shake hands with your daddy.
Boys frightened, Lula.
(frightened) Oh shit!
I fell asleep.
The room! Oh God, Jezzie, ask me tomorrow.
What the hell ... ?
The streets are crawling with 'em.
He's on fire.
It was crazy.
He was scared.
(his arm shaking) How long had that been going on?
His car blew up, too.
Who's been talking to you? (silence) What's going on?
I gotta go.
This is barbaric!
Barbaric!
What is this, a prison?
I was in Hell.
It's horrible.
So the way he sees it, if you're frightened of dying and hold- ing on, you'll see devils tearing your life away.
And the brass was scared 'cause they knew we couldn't win.
You killed each other.
Oh my God! WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I warned them.
I WARNED THEM.
Wake up.
If you're frightened of dying you'll see devils tearing you apart.
My mother's tummy?
And dropping.
It's a disaster.
He heads for the house.
Shoot.
Brad pushes past and looks on in horror at Hadji, pacing and talking to himself like a rabid dog on angel dust.
What's up? (frenzied) I... I...
Kidnapped?! Yeah.
The ghetto.
The 'hood.
He's gonna run out of there a scared little white boy.
She suddenly sees Brad.
I'm not havin' your blood on my hands.
this is my shot.
It's worse.
Brad crawls out from the vent and goes to the mirror.
Suddenly, Brad's boot comes through the door.
... gangs.
Tec is stunned -- the white boy isn't showing any fear.
Suddenly GUNFIRE erupts as Tech's car is HIT with a BARRAGE of BULLETS.
PJ and Sean are in the fetal position, freaking out.
You're fired.
Your destination is a Lojack designated danger zone.
What the hell is it?
Who's the hell's poppin' ca -- (menacing) What up, cuz? (terrified, covering) Ha ha, Tec, my road dawg, yeah, just the man I wanta see.
(nervous) It's not what it looks like, Tec, I swear.
What do you say? (thoughtful) Hmmm.
Send me down here to scare me white?
SLOW MOTION: Panic, as everyone realizes Brad is about to rap...
Why are you being so defensive?
It's a sin.
Is it chicken?
Stop it.
You're crazy.
Stop!
I'll kill you!
You're cops!
You'd die.
Gangs.
so I have made this convent an oasis, a retreat from horror.
And now that horror has invaded these sacred walls.
Probation.
Probation?
Mary Robert's life was in danger!
To change.
And you present an ongoing threat, both to this convent and to yourself.
(with great dread) What?
And you'll face that danger head-on.
You have a phone call.
And you will have vanished.
(shocked and scared) How?
(calming herself) We'll pray -- and she'll be there.
Hiding out.
She's afraid.
Come on, tell the boys you're afraid.
We both missed.
Hear that?
And those two words are... (afraid Christy will curse) Mary Clarence!
But I'm fearful!
And I'm tearful!
I'm going to be on that same street corner tomorrow, Mr. Duffy.
It's getting dark.
Both died.
What are you afraid of?
You need this house.
You've gone from one thing to the other... a year at law school, and now this job as a reporter... Are you afraid I can't make a living?
I'll go away with you.
I'm going to be on that same street corner tomorrow, Mr. Duffy!
I wish the poor... had enough sense to have somebody give him a good greasing for the beating he's going to get.
I'll kill him.
I'll kill him.
I'll kill him.
The house is adjourned.
You're crazy.
Do you hear me?
Accidents?
They're booing you.
Get dizzy... can't see... dizzy... You're scared... plain scared.
Well, you don't have to worry about him.
Stop it!
(rises) I'm frightened, Jack.
Travesty.
Horror.
Hear it?
A sonnet by Byron may score high on the vertical, but only average on the horizontal.
Huddle up.
Huddle up!
Aww, Charlie.
And with trembling hands, she placed the last four pieces and stared in horror at the face of a demented madman at the window.
Don't think that I don't know that this assignment scares the hell out of you, you mole.
First I gotta get the part, then I can worry about that.
A m-m-madman.
What the hell are you doing?
What the hell are we doing?
We've been so worried about-- What?
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it.
Go away.
Sir, we could issue a mayday call to-- (frightened, but firm) There is no help for us out here.
His heart rate's elevated-- He's scared.
STOP--!
(sees fear in Kirk) You're gonna be okay.
The Cop RACES through it, in the Corvette's DUST -- and we PUSH IN on a SIGN that reads "DANGER - QUARRY AHEAD -- IOWA MINING CO."
There is no need to be so anxious.
And that's where it hangs.
I told you I don't need a doctor, damnit!
I AM A DOCTOR! Kirk turns to see a MAN being forced OUT of the BATHROOM by a FEMALE FLIGHT OFFICER -- at 34, he has a Southern lilt and looks like a prisoner waiting for the guillotine to fall: -- you need to find a seat -- -- I had one, in the bathroom, Darlin', with no windows -- -- Sir, for your own safety, -- I suffer from Aviaphobia, siddown, or I will MAKE you case you don't understand big sit down... do you hear me? words, it means 'fear of dying RIGHT NOW. in something that flies.'
And wait'll you're sitting pretty with a case of Andorian shingles, see if you're still so relaxed when your eyeballs are bleeding-- space is disease and danger, wrapped in darkness and silence.
Your hearing is scary-- you sure both your parents are human?
The hell are you doing with him in here?
The purpose is to experience fear.
To accept that fear and maintain command of one's self and one's crew.
Is to be afraid?
And I'm sure you're really proud of that, who wouldn't be-- but isn't it true you people don't experience fear at all? ON SPOCK.
listen to me! It's an attack!
Fact: the same anomaly -- a lighting storm in space -- that we saw today also occurred on the day of my birth, before a Romulan ship attacked the U.S.S.
To be scared.
Damnit, man, I'm a doctor, not a physicist -- are you suggesting they're from the future?
Notoriously afraid of heat.
Pike was taken hostage.
(tense) Yes, of course I-- So are you afraid or aren't you?!? (tenser) I will not... allow you to lecture me about the merits of emotion.
Stop.
To threaten me.
Stops.
Suddenly overcome by a feeling that the stranger who's just passed him is... oddly familiar.
Watching.
Oh, gotta go.
(horrified) Test?
Too bad.
What a tramp.
In the madhouse of Dr. Dread Razor shreds of rat puke fall On my bare arms (sees Peggy grimace; he calms down) I'm sorry.
You're worried about my business?
I've gotta go.
I'm a puddle of deja I'm worried about my kids, Scott must be scared to death, I think my daughter's doing drugs again.
(shocked) What?
It's easy to fall apart in a crisis.
It's dangerous.
I'll be watching after you.
I was scared, too, but I'm not anymore.
And now you come and tell me, "Peggy, you're scared."
If you knew what I knew you'd be scared shitless.
It's going to rain.
A 26 Foot Long BOAT sits nestled in the tree limbs above.
Ellis, hands on the edge of the boat, gets a leg over the side and pulls himself onto the deck.
It disintegrates.
We gotta go.
They stop.
Aw, yeah.
You hear me?
Neckbone walks into the trailer.
That river's scary enough with two people, and I don't trust that guy.
Neckbone follows his uncle into the trailer.
We gotta go help Neck's uncle.
Stop it!
I'm gonna go see if it's her.
Ellis is nervous.
She has to bend slightly to do it, but she kisses him just above his swollen eye.
We gotta go.
Dark hair?
Carver's rotten, but his daddy's the one to be scared of.
Galen pulls himself into the boat, out of breath.
I've had worse.
Neck I'm gonna need you here to get the motor runnin'.
Stop it!
Makin' two kids run around doin' work you're too scared to do yourself.
Makin' me tell her it's over `cause you're too scared to do it yourself.
Neckbone wades out and crawls up the side of the boat.
SUDDENLY, a BULLET snicks through Miller's neck.
Surgery.
Surgery!
They'll be in to change it.
Oh God, Annie, I'm so sorry.
But she is suffering!
They first knew man as the hunted knows the hunter, for long before man saw horses as a means to killing other beasts, man killed them for meat..." "...The alliance with man would forever be fragile -- for the fear he'd struck into their hearts was too deep to be dislodged... Since that Neolithic moment when a horse was first haltered, there were those among men who understood this..." "...
But this isn't a cranky horse, it's a scared horse.
We're so afraid we won't like each other and have nobody go to dinners with.
That young lady is getting a little worried.
Did I miss it?
How is she? (cautious) Yeah.
What's that to miss?
I got all these eager young colts need riding and poor old Rimrock here is feeling kind of left out... Poor thing.
No, ma'am, I'm afraid that's extra.
It's from a jar.
Did you go riding?
Well... (nervous) So you tried riding again?
And... and I think I know why you, you needed to do it alone... without anyone knowing... Yeah, you know everything!! STOP IT! Why can't I talk to you!! NO, YOU STOP IT! Stop pretending like you care!
Her horse fell... ... Judith's foot was caught in the stirrup... she couldn't get up, she was so scared... (cries) I saw this truck, coming around the turn... ...He was honking, trying to get us to move...
Snapped his neck, paralyzed him...
They fired you?
Yeah, they fired me.
When you first came here, I didn't like you and I was worried.
Stop it!
It's so cruel.
I'm going to try not to do too much driving in the dark.
You want to take a walk with me? (a little nervous) Where to? (smiles) I don't know.
I suppose you're wondering what all this has to do with Mr. Blandings and his Dream House?
Why don't we buy a Solaxion house?
Tear it down.
What's he worrying about?
He disappeared.
(concerned) What did he say?
I was beginning to get concerned.
Poor Jim, he sounded so worried before.
(carefully) Now dear, you're upset, you've got a lot of things on your mind -- (with dangerous calm) Muriel, there's only one thing on my mind -- This house -- and how fast we can get rid of it!
So he's crazy?
He's dead!
Are you hearing yourself?
Yeah, he's about as crazy as I am.
But back on the street, Vitti's still powerful enough to pose a threat to both families.
Miss?
There's no smoking in this house.
I gotta go.
First I'm gonna find out who's tryin' to kill me.
(starts sweating and breathing hard) I can't do that.
Watch me.
(concerned) Where are you going?
I'm doomed.
I'm havin' a fuckin' panic attack here.
What the hell was that?
He owes me.
You're fired!
I was scared at first, but on the second take, I think I found some good stuff.
I'm warning you.
Oh, my God! Was there blood involved?
I'm grounded?
I'm suffocating!
I'm dying!
You're a monster.
Do the Garden-Staters have to sprint to the Lincoln Tunnel, or can you stay for a round in the big, scary city!
You're insane.
(both hang up) Who was that?
It's terrible.
I'll watch from here.
I was gonna go see her.
Why are we stopping?
Still am.
Guys are weird - I thought the whole size hang-up made you all terrified to show your dicks to each other?
That is until we - that's you and I - got together, and suddenly, I was sated.
Stop.
This is crazy!
He's afraid to climb.
(trembling) What?
Would you, um, say it's a big storm?
Wake up!
You'll wake up.
(defensive, frightened) I did.
You wanna come in and shake it for me?
We missed you.
You miss him.
He's suffocating him.
My god... I'm sorry.
Man, is there a social disease you haven't had?
Who I am, outside of this boat.
What the hell I'm doing here.
The watch is on.
This is crazy.
Let the blow drive the boat down wind.
Kill me.
And the scorpion.
You hear me?
I'm frightened, Jimmy.
Do you miss him?
Is this an obsession of yours?
I'm superstitious.
Sorry, darling.
Hello, stranger.
You vanished.
Afraid so.
No. Better in the dark.
I get nervous.
You should scream.
I'm sorry, darling.
Stop him!
Where you at? Pray with me, Forrest.
Some nights, Jenny'd sneak out and come over to my house, just 'cause she said she was scared.
Who in the hell is that?
Governor George Wallace had carried out his symbolic threat to stand in the schoolhouse door.
Stop it!
Shake it up.
Shake it up now.
Little bitty stingin' rain... ...and big ol' fat rain.
A legless freak.
Where the hell have you been?
Stop it!
Stop it!
Sorry I had a fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
Now hear this!
You retard!
Now me, I was scared.
What are you watching.
You gonna go after him?
Shoot.
I'm afraid if I leave it with my-- What's wrong?
It's dangerous to have that many people in a car.
Get your cooties off me-- Go ahead, slug me, scar my face.
I don't know... maybe I was scared.
You were scared.
Well--I was-- Scared--Jim Kaylor told me.
This is Weird Willard.
(teasing) What for?
But what if there's a war?
With the bomb, who's going to start it?
Whadaya afraid of?
We were just... Jeez, you guys had me scared.
Did you hear...?
You broke up?
(worried) He ah--doesn't like you to stay out late? No--he's terrible.
(shouting over) Sorry if I scared ya, man.
(looking ahead) Takes more than that to scare me.
What if he hears me?
What blood initiation?
Why are we stopping here?
For a change.
So I can watch.
You worry about yourself, man.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
It's the middle of the night.
And now she is abandoning you.
Police.
It was a robbery!
Then surrender.
John panics.
John hits a key and a medical article appears: LIFE ...Severe Hyperkalemia...extremely high levels of potassium ...cardiac arrest...particularly dangerous as there are no outward symptoms...
Then he sits back and worries that he's got it right.
Read: John stands with Eugenie, the frightened realtor.
He sticks the plate under his jacket, stands and checks over his shoulder as he walks out of the massive parking lot.
The dog stops its attack but goes back to barking.
Where is she incarcerated?
(she keeps panicking) Look at me! Do what I say; it'll be okay; I promise.
John tries not to show how nervous he really is.
A taxi snakes along a mountain road, through the dense forests of Venezuela.
Turning the corner into the garage she COLLIDES with the JUNKIE.
COLLERO watches from the car as her partner walks to the corner of the building.
They broke up.
HEALY (cont'd) I'm worried about you, man.
- as he steps into the dark brush UNZIPPING his fly he What the--?
Are you crazy?
He's dead.
I went home that night, shaved my beard, and a week later I was laid out in her office with a broken back.
What line?
The hell with you both--I'm out of here.
I was worried about you.
Woogie, please, you're starting to scare me.
I missed that.
I worry because you don't.
Still.
But I'm always afraid I'll say something stupid.
I'm afraid it'll all be too big for you.
(stuck) Oh my God, sorry.
I'm worried about your Galiano.
And your phone calls are nasty and abusive.
Pain.
Weird, isn't it?
It's socialized.
This is a nightmare.
Buck up.
(growing dread) And? (there's now way to say it) Lucy overdosed.
I'm frightened that you don't understand what that means.
I fired her.
It's dreadful.
And chickens.
(to Dick and Bob) A pleasure to meet you, though I fear we shan't be acquainted for too long.
Ghastly.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
What am I missing?
He was this big terrifying New York producer and I was just a kid from Missouri with a sketch of Mickey but-- it woulda' killed me to give him up.
(her face contorts in I'm sorry!
You'll miss it.
Worry `bout the future, but then I stop cuz you can't do that.
Watch over them.
They were so afraid.
An elf?
They've been so worried-- I've-- Do stop babbling nonsense!
What horrors have you in store for my beautiful characters today, hm?
I'm sorry to interrupt.
Can't say I do and as I have no plans to ever set foot on American soil again I'm afraid I never will.
Sorry about the noise last night.
That's when I begin to worry.
MRI indicates a massive intraduaral extradural neurofibrosarcomas extending into psoas muscle with nerve root compression syndrome and bone erosion.
What?!...A tumor?
I'm afraid so.
Rules.
I have cancer.
I have cancer.
Cancer?
That's a disorder of the bowels, son.
But I promise, there's nothing for you to worry about.
I have cancer.
You have cancer?
I have cancer.
And how is your body ever going to fight the stress of that cancer if you can't even handle your own emotions?
How awful.
They didn't want to tow it out in fear of destroying more of the vegetation, so they had to use a giant crane.
That's terrible.
Until he had his stroke.
Will you stop!
Do you know what it's like to fear losing your son? No.
So if I hover and threaten your independence, so what?
Is that so awful?
But you said surgery was too risky.
The risks are tremendous.
We need to get you laid.
It's a little creepy.
I'm a little freaked out.
Will you be here when I wake up?
Then what's a mercenary?
The jury will be afraid of you.
This is why they fear death.
In the war.
Watch out for him.
I'm sorry to tell you, we took his earnest money, he shook Ole's hand.
Until the danger of it bites their butt.
And his family can't leave their house.
He killed himself.
On the battlefield.
Revenge.
Death.
Blood's on the butt.
Such a travesty...
Alone on the boat.
He was afraid to trust us, at first.
Afraid that he would be crucified by prejudice.
His mistrust?
I'm awful sorry, Ma'am, but you know I c... What are you afraid of, Sheriff?
There's rules.
in the middle of the night.
To cut it down.
The lantern, the knife, go into the water.
Be helpless.
What the hell.
Wars.
Patricia makes coffee nervous.
It'll keep them from jumping down your throat -- What's the competition?
Quel nightmare.
I'll stop.
And I managed to get my hands on a secret printout of the sales figures of a bookstore so inconsequential and yet full of its own virtue that I was instantly compelled to rush over and check it out for fear it would drive me out of business -- JOE (cont'd) What? (off her look) What?
Fight.
(in shock) It's him.
Stalking.
But I'm a wreck.
Stop it.
Are you crazy?
He was in jail.
Are you crazy?
We should bomb Foxbooks.
I heard you were sick and I was worried and I wanted to -- (he hears voices) Is someone here?
We broke up.
And I was horrible.
Why did you stop by?
Who fights about that?
A wall of light and noise as the two walk on stage.
His head shakes desperately, pointlessly.
This is urgent.
Stop! You.
I'll drop it.
What the hell...
A musketeer.
I'll kill you too.
You killed him?
And face to face, they slowly fall asleep.
Jamal panics, presses the button he saw the Manager press earlier.
I sleep in a bed, not on the street.
Suddenly a klaxon sounds.
The audience burst into nervous laughter and groans.
Jamal looks terrified.
Stops.
Stalks over.
He sees the knife scars on her cheek for the first time.
Runs his hand slowly down the scar.
A crisis, you say?
Everything's ready for tomorrow night--except the artillery.
Go away.
Sorry, this makes me nervous.
But what about Beast?
For his injuries.
I had to smuggle it in here.
You're slowing.
Nervous?
Scared?
Worried you're not fit for a caper of epic proportions?
There's a spider in my room.
I'm afraid I can't let you take that in without the proper invoice.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
That's the bitch.
What's so urgent?
You've got me worried.
Letty, it's natural to be nervous.
Go away.
She's worried that I'm unstable.
I got worried.
(beat) No, he's having an attack.
Oh, Ruthie, what am I going to do?
Too risky.
Paul is nervous, glancing uneasily from car to car.
They're slowing down.
Paul sees Jack and begins to gesture wildly, but his voice is drowned out by the noise of the ENGINES.
Back to work.
He stops.
What a leech!
I've gotta go over to the office right away, I think it's gonna be an all-nighter... Of course I didn't know about this yesterday -- he just called me.
He winces.
Mary is asleep.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to remain in the apartment.
Mrs. Razzolini is standing behind them and staring, wide- eyed, a look of horror on her face.
He hangs up.
Mary falls back asleep.
(walking her back and forth) Don't cry, Mary, don't cry... There's too much noise.
Yeah, we're beat.
First you dump a baby on us, then you scare everyone away from the party, then...
Sleeping late!
He hangs up.
They walk out toward the front door, and Sylvia suddenly stops.
A sudden, weighty silence ensues.
I'm gonna go lay down in the john.
Where's it hanging?
Stop it!
(shaking her head) I don't understand it, 35 years old, and you're still scared of a little thunder.
Actually Rex, I have a lot of work I need to get to-- Oh, this is work, I swear.
Can you imagine what that little shit would do to me? Oh man, I can totally see him just taking you down to the basement and really slowly de-limbing you while singing some creepy Victorian nursery rhyme.
What the hell?
I was worried you weren't coming!
He's a bear.
You crazy!
Go away.
You can't stand there and tell me you haven't always seen Lori as a threat to our friendship!
It died.
I'll hide!
Shoot!
Go get the ball!
What the hell is that?
Medication! (simultaneously with Pilbow) Hit me! Pardon me miss, but would you mind turning... (scared out of her wits) Stay back!
Sorry, ma'am... Sorry 'bout that... Sorry to have bothered you.
(rubbing scars on his wrist) I was in luh-love with her.
Billy, were you afraid of her, or of her love?
Well, screw that noise!
That's insane!
(waking up) What?
Now you watch me.
That ain't nothin' to be afraid of, ma'am.
Are they dangerous when they're awake?
Is he crazy?
Is he crazy?
Is he in an asylum?
He's dead.
Now, Miss.
Billy, that girl couldn't have pulled you in there forcibly... Sh-sh-she did! Everybody did! Who? Tell me! M-M-Muh-Muh-McMurphy! Ahhh, Billy... (caught in his own anxiety) P-p-p-please duh-duh-duh-duh t-t tell, M-M-M-Miss R-R-Ratched, y-y you don't need to!
(whispering) Lobotomy... Yeah... Yeah, that Gary Blinker is fulla shit... (sitting McMurphy down) Here now, you sit here... That's it... (whispering in McMurphy's ear) When I first came here I was so scared of being lost I had to holler so they could track me...
It will change yours.
Stop that!
(doing the math) (starting to panic) I was making out with chicks by fourth grade.
Now we're going to get into a fight.
That's too bad.
(dreading it) I'd be happy to.
Where did you hear that?
At first I thought you were a weird stalker and I was scared.
They're terrible.
Yeah, they're awful.
Do you watch?
What did I miss?
Can I watch?
Because when you own something, you suddenly are invested in that thing not breaking.
I think you'll both be a lot less terrified if you're terrified together.
She's very scared of flying.
I'm really scared of flying.
(very nervous) Yeah.
What the hell is that?
I'm sorry for calling you a masturbatory Russian teenager.
My father used to say that people were so afraid that the world was going to end that they were willing it to happen.
I've read about them since but I don't recall how any of them impacted my life except for the fear.
He's got a knife!
Can you hear it?
I can't -- I can't -- Let us pray.
This is an emergency!
Everyone is so worried about the terrorist.
Are you afraid?
Bang.
It was horrible.
Dismissed.
Then there's nothing left to threaten you with, is there?
You tortured me.
That's because you're afraid, Evey.
You're afraid because you can feel freedom closing in on you.
You're afraid because freedom is terrifying.
I can't -- Come on, Peter, what are you afraid of?
They are afraid that I am going to say the things that are not supposed to be said.
They are afraid that I am going to say the truth.
This is why they are afraid and the reason that I am here; to remind you that it is individuals who always hold the power.
No further threat exists.
I've been so afraid, afraid to come here to talk to you.
The terrorist.
In the middle of the night.
Now! Traitors!
You cowards!
Drop the knife.
Shoot him.
You mean Boris the sneaky fucking Russian.
He .stops
Do you want me to go and get him?
Did he have a case with him?
I am not asking you to break sweat, .
Another dog is left in the ring, it too is covered in blood but it's survived.
You hear me?
All are in shock.
He has a trickle of blood dripping down the back of his neck, he looks at his watch and panics.
I am afraid it's too late for that Boris.
His mum.
Robbed.
It's the Russian, well to be technical an Uzbekistan.
Russians, I didn't think it would be the Russians.
I heard of him, isn't he supposed to be a short little fucker that's covered in scars?
I t ' s hard to say, he's got a thick Russian accent.
I hate Russians.
I told you he was dangerous.
Rosebud places a blade at the Russian's neck.
BTT looks at the blood that's already starting to pierce the skin from where the blade is pressed against the Russian's neck.
Do they fire?
pain.
You, you want a knife?
He passes Hands a knife.
BTT and Hands, covered in blood, walk off the street into a cafe.
I changed it.
You got to hurt him Micky.
I t ' s squeaking.
Stop!
No smoking in the house.
It's an epidemic.
He's had 30 minutes of chest pain, nausea, shortness of breath, blood pressure's 170 over 100, pulse 104, respirations 18... Let's get an EKG.
(scared shitless) I take uh... uh. . .
This is a nightmare.
You don't have to but I can't put you in a car right now and I can't leave you in the parking lot.
Sorry to interrupt.
Oh, God am I sorry.
Been fired.
Fired?
It was an accident.
This was an accident.
It was dark, it was two in the morning.
Stop that.
Okay, look, I'm gonna pee,take one of your blood pressure pills then when I get back, let's not talk anymore.
I think I'm gonna go back to my room...let you sleep.
Because I realized what I was feeling for you, have always felt for you, was something I didn't understand, like a language I didn't speak... (she listens...) It scared me so I did what I do.
It's to break up winds, so we don't have no more dust storms.
She ain't nothing to be afraid of.
Destroyed?
I'm afraid poor Toto will have to go.
The house began to pitch The kitchen took a slitch (sing) It landed on the Wicked Witch In the middle of a ditch Which was not a healthy situation For the Wicked Witch.
I'm afraid you've made rather a bad enemy of the Wicked Witch of the West.
No, I'm afraid I didn't.
Oh! Oh! Ohhh! Did I scare you?
Boo!
Why, if our Scarecrow back in Kansas could do that, the crows'd be scared to pieces!
Oh --- Ouch!
I'm afraid I'm a little rusty yet.
Why, that's a long and dangerous journey.
Here, Scarecrow!
Oh, I killed that poor little honey bee! Oh-oh- It's only a man without a head who could do a thing like that.
Poor little bee.
Oh, you don't think we're going to stand by and let her get away with fireballs and bees, do you?
It's -- it's dark and creepy!
Lions?
D-d-d-don't be fr-fr-frightened.
That doesn't do any good -- I'm afraid of 'em.
But I could show my prowess -- Be a lion not a mou-ess -- If I only had the nerve I'm afraid there's no denyin' I'm just a dande-lion -- A fate I don't deserve.
Did you hear that?
Go away?
Because I'm still scared!
Oh -- Oh -- Oh!.... ...You ought to be ashamed of yourself -- frightening him like that, when he came to you for help!
Oh, I think I see a jijik And he's fuzzy and he's furry I haven't got a brain But I think I ought to worry!
...and the bees
Go away now!
Then they took my chest out, and they threw it over there!
We must worry about Dorothy.
You don't neither -- Up! Now... I'm frightened, I'm frightened, Auntie Em -- I'm frightened!
I'm frightened!
Stop them!
Stop them!
You've killed her!
It's...it's just that he was on fire!
No, I'm afraid it's true.
Frightened?
Four taken, four chased and all, I expect, worrying somebody's house into evil.
Can you beat that?
Where's he going to sleep?
Not if you scared.
A life. (scared) I don't know.
I miss her.
If something happens to me and you can't tell me by my face, you can know me by this mark"..Scared me so...
Still, he did it.
And for a second I'd get scared - scared someone might hear them and get mad... Then I remembered...and if they laughed that hard til it hurt, that would be the only hurt they had all day....
He walked six miles to the riverbank, slid into a ravine, reached through blood drawing thorns, suffered mosquitoes, wasps and the meanest lady spiders in the State just to bring us those berries.
Aw, Baby.
I love my mother but I know she killed one of her own, and tender as she is with me, I'm scared of her because of it.
All the time, I'm afraid the thing that happened that made it all right to kill her own, could happen again.
I miss her.
(nervous) You got to get up from here, girl.
Boo.
Cowardly.
Or anxious?
I'm nervous.
You don't need to be nervous around me, though.
I miss her.
I'm erasing you.
I'm scared.
I owe you.
Joel was nervous about stepping onto the ice, but he wanted to please me so much -- he's so sweet -- that he came out after me.
Stop it now!
Egad, were you horrified?
I was so nervous.
I dropped you off after.
I was so nervous.
I was too nervous.
I felt like I was a scared little kid.
I'm nervous, too.
I'm nervous because I have and enormous crush on you.
I crashed.
Hanging there.
He was crazy.
The gun.
Afraid so.
That's why... that's why I had the gun.
(the house) Isn't this...? Hm.
He's still with you?
(dreading it) Yea?
Oh, I don't think there's any danger of you aging prematurely, Grady.
I uh, I didn't finish, I ...fell asleep.
What the hell...
Drop it!
He's crazy, that's why.
Shoot.
We slow.
Are you crazy?
Manray needs a job.
That's da bomb.
It's the bone breaking stuff I'm worried about.
I'm tired, you're tired, we're all tired of these so-called bible- thumping God fearing, whore mongling Professional athletes.
DA BOMB.
You slept too near where you got in?
I slept too near where I fell out.
I've been homeless.
Why you perpetrating?
This is crazy.
Police!
I'm a cop.
(freaked) Our dope...
I want his phone calls.
I'm alone, I'm scared and I'll only talk to Mike Lowrey!
So I was thinking... Julie, obviously free with her body, suddenly drops the towel and starts applying lotion.
Gun laid across his chest.
Lowrey unhappily pulls into the parking lot driving Burnett's dilapidated Volvo.
You're unbalanced.
Armed robbery.
Too bad.
What the hell are you doing here?
But... Launches himself off a nearby table, soars over the frightened crowd and comes crashing down upon Noah.
His worst fears have been confirmed.
He hangs up.
I'm a cop.
You prick!
Watch him.
A beat.
You're a cop.
scared shitless.
Drop now!
In nothing but his underwear, he appears from the building, turns the corner out the door, launches into traffic like a shot, spinning off bumpers, chasing Fouchet's car on foot.
SLAM!
(beat) He's the scariest man I ever met.
Fouchet shakes hands with the BUYER.
(getting nervous) I promised Marnie I wouldn't give you money.
Jail.
Julius turns, looks at Vince, and as he walks back to his side of the cubicle and sits, he is overcome with the wonder of it all.
(wary) Yeah.
An important rule in a crisis * situation -- negotiate first, attack last.
The door locks suddenly pop up in unison.
A beat.
That's right, Julius, she abandoned me.
Suddenly, Vince's living room WINDOWS EXPLODE in a burst of GUNFIRE.
Said she was afraid to have children.
You scared the living shit out of me -- I met one of our fathers.
(feigning concern) Awww -- that's terrible.
Oooh, you are so scary... Linda and Marnie watch by the car as the boys emerge from the shop.
They're out cold before they realize they've been attacked.
Hi. * Hi -- Vince and Linda want to be * alone, so I'm afraid I'm going to stay here.
* I think you're nervous.
(threatened) Whoa! Move in together?
* I had escaped.
Shoot him.
Bad.
(haltingly) What about it?
* Watching them.
Now that's a scary thought.
I'm afraid so.
(with some real anxiety) But I have to know.
My lawyer does.
She's disappeared.
How does it concern you?
I'll stop by.
It was an accident.
When I do, you'll hear about it.
Drowned, too.
He drowned.
(shaking with emotion) Hold it there, kitty cat.
It's difficult for me.
No. She's probably scared to death.
I think she is frightened and I happen to know Hollis was fond of her.
It's why he was killed.
(panicked) You didn't tell me.
The police?
You're insane.
(a little worried) You sure this is okay?
(suddenly) Stop the car.
I'll kill him.
(badly shaken) Take it easy, take it easy, it was an accident.
An accident?
You're crazy.
But how to prevent it?
Dynamite is dangerous.
Now, watch this.
What are you, hiding from the Police?
It's worse than that!
I fell asleep.
Oh God, this is so weird.
I missed you.
Cliff is here.
Hell yeah.
I was in jail.
Do you still have it?
It was sickening.
That's deadly.
It was horrible.
(horrified) To you?
What the hell did you do to him?
Is Cliff here?
It's defamation!
You're fired!
Beat.
The bunch of flowers has created in Jack the kind of panic and fear more typically associated with a biochemical attack.
(drily, knowing the trouble this will cause) Jack,I'm afraid Jenny has been sent some flowers by a chap.
And how are you going to get over there?
So watch yourself.
(panic-stricken and shouting) What's she talking about?
He does so now, and shakes it for way too long.
The hallway is dark, but she can hear noises from the kitchen.
They shake hands.
Because this is hopeless.
Can we stop?
What the hell are those?
Russian Sobranies.
(suddenly looking at her suspiciously) You never bought them yourself?
(panic rising) But..We haven't got any French money.
What have I forgotten?
I'm afraid that the legend of Mr Rochester may have travelled further than you intended.
Miss.
Is it true that you don't intend to sit for your exams?
I'm afraid we'll have to stop on the way in to town.
David starts to talk, and turns away, as if he's frightened that someone in the car can lip-read.
All my life I've been scared, and I didn't want you to be scared.
We should have stopped you.
It's so easy to fall asleep, when there's nothing to keep you awake.
Still.
Still?
I'm gonna go.
You're the rule.
Hey, how -- Shit - you scared me.
So, why don't we worry about what color we're gonna paint this room, instead of worrying about things that aren't happening?
I had the - umm - dentist pen.
I hear you.
This boat is sick.
Guys invented the "spark" so they could not call and treat you kind of bad and keep you guessing, and then convince you that the anxiety and fear that it creates in you is actually a "spark."
This is crazy.
Is this crazy?
(shaking her head "no") It doesn't matter.
I've - changed.
I gotta go.
I mean, we call each other sweetie, and we fall asleep on the phone after talking for hours and I washed your hair for you after you had that shoulder surgery and everything - it's like we're together.
As she approaches the house, she stops in her tracks.
He looks nervous.
That's the way of things, but Mr. Kaminski wants to change it, and when it comes to new ideas, the people in power get nervous.
She hates Russians.
They killed him.
I'm concerned about you.
But I'm concerned with everything, Mr. Bebe.
Claire... please, please tell Mr. Bebe that if he worried half as much about his scripts as he does about my private life, we'd make a lot better movies.
It'll crush you.
Prick!
Beats me.
(frightened now) Wait a minute...
I'm being kidnapped!
She's attacking your correspondent!
She works in a defense plant and she's very worried about you.
Frances, you're still filled with anxiety.
We won't have to worry about him much longer.
What the hell!
I gotta go now.
(she shakes her head "no") Okay.
Abandoned?
What the hell is it?
Drop it.
Oriamal bite radius 37 inches, allowing for salt-water erosion and subsequent small predator and scavenger tissue attacks...
Grounded.
I want to see that boat out of the water by tomorrow night.
What are we, immune?
You can't tell much from the negatives, I was going to blow 'em up.
Okay, okay -- stand over there... (shaken) That one there.
Is it still there?
(to Sean) You want to go out in my boat?
Hang on...
Soon, dark eyes, soon.
Embolism.
It's still there!
I'm still down.
More, with this wind.
I'm bleeding!
We already did the risk.
Stop.
What's sepsis?
Infection of the blood.
A bullet, or a blade doesn't kill you, but makes a little hole in the lung, so every time you breathe, a little air leaks into the chest cavity, which starts to fill up like a balloon.
Where's the bunker?
Kill him.
Kill him now.
They're scared shitless of us.
(on cell phone) I'm at some goddamn marsh, all we've seen are Russian cranes.
Saddam worries more about the Shiite than the gold.
Accident.
Stop.
We'd be dead by now.
Can we shoot him?
I can hear her.
I miss you, too.
I'm gonna be fine, honey, I don't want you to worry, I tried to do something for the family, and I want you to know -- Know what?
Helmet.
Who's missing?
the bomb come.
I'm sorry I hit you, man.
I was scared for Troy, I don't want nothing to happen to him, he's my friend.
We're missing 28.
Interrogation.
You're scared.
It's good to be scared when there's guns around.
Who's got the sick country?
It's the enemy.
Archie looks nervous, then focussed as he brings the shiny metal scalpel down.
You are under arrest.
Why stop there?
Hazel, you need to get out of the house.
Perhaps you'd like to share your fears with the group, Augustus.
My fears?
Oblivion.
Oblivion?
If I'm scared of anything it's... not doing that.
And if that scares you, well, I suggest you ignore it.
Cancer.
(lays it on thick) "I'm gonna stab you with this needle now, so there might be a little ouchie."
Yours most sincerely, Peter Van Houten" Son of a - WHAT What's wrong?! (realizing she scared her) Nothing.
And the fear of dying with your one true Wish left ungranted led you to rush into making one you didn't really want, for how could little Hazel Grace, having never read "An Imperial Affliction" ever know that her one TRUE wish was to visit Mr. Peter Van Houten in his Amsterdamian exile.
And I still have it.
It's still "no," I'm afraid.
And cancer.
I'm sorry Gus, she's asleep.
My bad.
(pulling her back down) I'm sorry.
I gotta go.
; Too demure?
I can't wait to see you wearing The Rock! Elle looks at them, suddenly concerned.
So you're breaking up with me because you're afraid your family won't like me? (through her tears) Everybody likes me!
Serena and Margot follow, worried.
Elle slumps down in an inflatable chair, hugging her knees and cowering in a wretched little ball.
Underdog stares at her, concerned.
He broke up with me! Serena and Margot gasp in horror, rushing to her side.
The girls watch a horror movie with Kappa Sigs.
Dylan McDermott burns rubber as he flees.
(nervous) Urn, hey, have you met Sarah?
Warner looks between the two of them, worried.
He shrugs an "I'm sorry", but Elle's perkiness has gone.
We miss you!
Oh, the horror.
She stops.
She glares at him.
A--nervous Elle stands in front of the burly CHECK-IN GUARD..
She's fired up now.
What the hell is that for?
You're fired.
You're fired.
Ohyeah... so... we end the essay with... (dictating) 'The tarpon leaps shimmering into the late cross light of the keys, a primeval moment frozen in... (hesitates) ... frozen in'... Lucille types it out.
Stump is suddenly a nervous wreck.
Yeah, the best, no one close, etc... Frank suddenly is cautionary, concerned, paternal.
This is your shot.
Yes, Mr. Stump -- you do need this job that bad.
You coward, you pathetic, frightened, desperate old man -- you can't do anything without that gun and frankly it doesn't impress me to keep flashing it because I know you're not gonna shoot me 'cause you need me worse than I need you.
I do my homework, Stumpy.
Now who's the coward!
(terrified) They aren't so big.
Operator?
(beat) Who's in there?
Stump stands quietly nearby, afraid to move, until, finally: Cobb sucks up the tears and finally turns to Stump.
He's dying.
THUNDER shakes the ground.
And more lightning.
And rain suddenly falls from the skies, threatening to soak the two men.
Cobb grabs Stump by the throat and stares him in the eye.
The Man is frozen with terror as Stump rises from the chair -- drunk and crazed, aiming the shaky gun.
He's drunk, he's not experienced with guns, he's shaking.
He misses again.
You're crazy!
You're crazy!
What happened tonight was private.
Stranger!
Joan, moving with nervous alert, approaches a Mercedes * sedan parked next to an Econoline van.
She removes it, glancing briefly at this heading in bold type: WOMEN - DON'T LIVE IN FEAR.
A low RUMBLING sound causes her to lift her gaze over the top of the car, where an attack shepherd (DUKE), slowly unsheathes his teeth and fixes her with a threatening stare through the closed window of the van.
That's what's so disturbing.
That's awful.
And I said, they're pissing into the wind but it's blowing back in my face... Some help I'm going to get from him, because he's scared to death of Red.
Joan, pacing about in nervous distress.
Posed in an alert stance, Duke breaks into a run, loping gracefully across the lawn to Harry, where he assumes a sitting position upon the command: Duke, platz!
But you don't want to give off that impression, by acting too timid or afraid, because that's what invites an aggressive attitude from certain types of men.
Are you afraid of your responses to me? Tch... (amorously) Why are you resisting?
Joan sits up, and in her alarm is unaware that one of her hands grabs hold of a swatch of hair on Harry's chest, causing him to wince: Oh God, this is because of Red, isn't it?
No, I don't want anything to do with Red, I'm terrified of him.
There's nothing to be afraid of, believe me.
Joan leaps from the car and in stark terror, runs out of the garage toward the house.
As he steps back to the ax and tries to extract it from the hood, she suddenly rushes at him and begins belaboring him with the crutch.
He's got a bad neck... I'm not afraid of these snakes!!
Medical.
The guy was holding a knife at her throat!! (from above) Okay, put the knife down, fellow.
Perceiving the danger to Harry: Put the knife down, Harry!
Terrified that they are going to shoot him, she moves over to Harry: (from above) Stay where you are, don't go near him.
In a very real sense she feared she had left herself behind.
So who am I interviewing?
She demurs.
This is a fight.
We're having a fight.
I'm cracking.
(a beat then) And I was all worried about figuring out the timing just to talk to you about renting a place for the summer.
Evelyn reads it and hands it back..She is about to offer something..Flor waves it off and enters the house..John comes in from the beach with his kids..boogie boards...Evelyn hands him the letter.. She's wild-eyed over this.. John moves after Flor as Bernie reads the letter.. Aw, shit.. (then quickly) Sorry about the word, Georgie.
He taps his heart as an indication of sincerity -- then a flash of worry that he has inadvertently come on to her.
She looks at him...He has been atypical...Her immediate emotional cocktail is panic, fury and deep, deep hurt.
(sotto to John) And to think I was worried about Flor living here with her kid?
I'm broke.
So between odd and the same...you gotta root for odd, don't you?
Flor nods ruefully..then suddenly off a glance at him.
Suddenly there is a bit of danger..she rises quickly, changing mode.
Suddenly, Flor breaks into a run..She is lithe and quick.
Because if I don't -- I'll worry about you and I can't handle that right now, okay?
Stop there.
Nothing to be nervous about.
This rocks her..panicked she grabs at her life preserver.
It's poison.
* "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) I haven't punched in yet.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Ronna, you shouldn't do this.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) You leaving?
Swear to God. "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) This is the real thing.
I need a hundred bucks or 20 hits of X. "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) What?!
Starts with X. "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) No. "C" Chiang Kai-Shek.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) I can't carry you!
I have more than I owe you.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Mannie!! Mannie, I got it!
Darkness.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Oh.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) You can have it back in an hour.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Did you go?
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) No. Never.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) (yelling) Hands!
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Enough!
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) What are you doing?
VICTOR [CONT'd] You know what wakes me up in the middle of the night, covered in sweat?
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Yo! Mmmhmm.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) The red hand stops flashing.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Gunning the engine, he hangs a hard left, cutting across three oncoming lanes.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Shifting gears, Simon tries to rock the car back and forth, making no progress.
Suddenly, there was one sock that didn't.
You hear that?
I have suspicions.
Adam is starting to panic.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Adam motions to leave it alone.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
He and Adam trade panicked stares.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) J.C. Penney's?
So does Burke.
He's doing about 20 when suddenly we hear a loud THUMP!
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Ronna's face suddenly slams down on the windshield, bleeding already.
He stops himself.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) No. Listen.
Stop.
Okay, stop!
He immediately reaches for his gun, but * "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) is right behind him.
We fly in, bringing us to... "GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) Simon awakes to POUNDING at the front door.
A beat, then Simon finally drops his panic.
Suddenly we hear a BEEPING.
"GO" 8/26/98 Revisions (SALMON) [NOTE: These are wild lines to play underneath scenes 6A, 57A and 121A.
Miss each other?
Seth looks over to station four, nervous as hell.
He suddenly runs down the hall.
What the hell is that?
(weird voice) Uh...nothing.
That guy's fucking creepy.
Did you hear her say she has an exam tomorrow?
(afraid) Heh.
There is an awkward silence, when suddenly Seth starts to wriggle in discomfort.
(a little scared) Well...what's goin' on in there?
Resisting!
Fuck! (nervous) Should I shoot him?!?
What the hell is this?
That is disgusting.
And he's a beast.
He's inches away from the front door, when suddenly- There!
(frightened) Oh my god...is he...are you gonna make sure he's alright?
The first time wasn't our fault, and the second time a bee flew in and I freaked out.
Scare `em out? 112 112 (to himself, mumbling) Oh god.
He's homeless.
It's the cops!
The cops.
(beat) It's in.
What the hell?
Can we shoot at it?
50 bucks.
Should we hide?
It was an accident.
(Girl looks off at...) Yes, it's Senf, the head porter, Grand Hotel... Are you at the Clinic?,... How's my wife?,... Is she in pain?,... Isn't the child coming soon?,... Patience!
You had better come to the hotel, I'm afraid... (speaking into telephone) Baron Gaigern speaking.
Destroy it.
Are you on the line?
I have been ill...
You are ill.
(turning to Doctor) Oh -- Doctor -- you are a Doctor -- I am -- I know -- I know -- when a man's collar is an inch too big for him -- I know he is ill.
Too bad.
(she pauses and droops suddenly) I think, Suzette, I have never been so tired in my life.
Terrible.
You see, I'm ill and all of a sudden I got a fear of missing life.
Now, where was I? (he looks over the sheet in her typewriter -- accidentally his arm touches her neck) Oh -- sorry.
I was on the telephone to Amsterdam today, they think you're scared.
Does it do you good to cry? Are you afraid?
(whispers in Russian) Oh, you strange -- strange creature.
I never knew it was so dangerous to hide in a woman's room when she's alone.
You frightened me -- badly.
You take pleasure in a dangerous climb onto a balcony, so you do it...
(stops suddenly -- takes glasses from his nose -- he is speaking, not reading) As you remember it -- when you approached us... (bangs the paper down) We did not approach you.
Pain?
It's urgent.
You're trembling.
(turns to Baron) Baron, you know -- I've only lived since last night -- but that little while seems longer than all the time before -- all the -- (he collapses suddenly onto the floor) Drunk.
(he closes his eyes suddenly) Oh, the pain.
Attack me would you?
Attack me -- I'll strike you -- I'll strike you -- I'll strike you -- Strike me!
(suddenly) Where is that girl -- she was working with him -- she enticed me into her room.
He laughed -- Poor devil!
Richie has a gender identity problem, and social phobia, and he's promised the group no to wear the walkman in this group.
Buck.
Buck ?
How did they die ?
Dangerous ?
Volatile !
I'm sorry, buddy.
He was murdered.
You stop.
So much blood...
I was afraid during dinner that you had taken a room here... and I might have to decide whether or not to go up with you.
It's red, poor thing.
Their They both moan.
What's missing ?
I'm terrified to go near the woman.
So I slow down.
Oh, Sondra, go.
Stop it !
Can you do that, Buck ?
The 787 is having problems.
Why are you so shocked?
I'm sorry to come by like this but the rumors are now hitting a fever pitch and I wanted to make sure everything was okay.
It broke.
And capitalism needed greed and risk and leverage to become the economic platform it has become... but those same attributes that got us there are now the liabilities that threaten to destroy us.
Is that still there?
He's dead.
Disappear.
How did they die?
Big drop in Amlyn as negative rumors on the street forced the company to admit there are still internal concerns about Byetta and pancreatitis.
JP Morgan... he single-handedly stopped the Panic of 1907 by stepping in and buying up shares in all the companies that were crashing.
See Jacob... the best opportunities are found where angels fear to tread.
That's horrifying.
And what changed?
He's a Russian oligarch on the run because Putin wanted to steal everything he owns.
Is he resigning?
Is that a threat?
Financials are a falling knife.
I'm not arguing that... but the best opportunities are found where angels fear to tread.
So yeah -- they are falling knives.
But Bretton... ... what's life without a little blood on your hands?
Thank you, he hasn't answered his phone and we're very worried.
He has a heavy cold and an irritating hack in his throat.
Then his jaw drops in fear.
One thing else that Hector knows is fear, blind, gut-turning fear.
Inside, his family are in a state of panic.
Don't make a noise.
That was easy, eh? You're half asleep already, little girl.
A confession.
So I'm a conspirator?
I struggle against it...
When it gets dark, we'll be there.
You, Priest, come here... get to work on him... he's not ready for heaven yet... there's a hundred thousand livres on his head if I get him to Paris alive... Start * praying... there's fifteen livres in it for you if he lives... Get that helmet off... get hammers, anything you can find... * and one of you get back down into the valley and fetch an armorer.
* She'll do you harm.
... and those against death...
Stop that... leave her alone... get back to the camp... or I'll tell your mother... how can you play like this when there are people needing your help back there...? The Boy is standing now and fixing his clothing.
They shake hands.
No... if you were carrying * something for me I would have to worry about you... if you go empty-handed I can put you out of my mind!
Suddenly, he is gone.
I have to leave town in an hour * or so anyway... Slow down, Troup... so it's 3:15 on a Friday... you're staying here 'til Mr. Santiago gets the paperwork... get your partner over here, with everything... this is serious... Hector looks at his watch.
I don't have time to pick up the rental now... they won't let me leave the building... you come down here... and put my bag in the car... no.. * I have to pick the kids up by six, otherwise I fuck up her weekend too... she'll kill me... this is an emergency... what can I say?
Hector stops the car outside Janet's house and lets out a sigh of relief.
This is where we'll be, if anything crops up... thanks for the break... Hector gets a little scared about what he has taken on.
His face contorts in guilt and anxiety.
I changed it.
I was in jail.
I'd forgotten... we used to watch * the stars... you could tell me the * names of all the planets... you * could recite them like a poem... remember... at the tiny window upstairs in the old house?
(she hangs up) Now.
Miss...?
How much for the phone calls?
Do I? (she shakes her head, smiles wistfully) No, I'm an open book, I'm afraid.
Stop worrying, Deke.
Because she was afraid.
Afraid you'd take Mitch?
Afraid I'd give Mitch.
She's only afraid of being abandoned.
Deadly.
They were hawks!
You look a little shaken.
(still a little hesitant) All right, I'll grant you a bird'll panic in an enclosed room.
The kids just probably scared them, that's all.
These birds attacked!
After the gulls attacked.
(alarmed) What is it?
(pause) It's odd how you depend on someone for strength, and then suddenly all the strength is gone, and you're alone.
Yes, they attacked the children, attacked them.
This young lady says there was an attack on the school.
(suddenly) It's the end of the world!
Bunch of crows attacked the school, Helen.
Makes a lot more sense than... well, an attack.
Vultures?
Hawks?
Yes, I... I'm anxious to get on the road.
A war? Against who? Did the Russians...? Against birds.
You've frightened my children half out of their wits.
What attack?
Who attacked the school?
(frightened by her mother) Mommy!
(on edge of panic, shouting at her children) Put on your coats!
Al, why aren't you over there where the attack was?
(silence) Mother, the house won't take another attack.
We'll worry about that when we get there.
I'm frightened, terribly frightened.
You a stranger here?
Only strangers?
That was because everybody was afraid of Mick.
Why? Outlaws.
Worry it over.
Why? It got dark.
It's my fatality.
I'll say I saw a ghost.
But can you arrest him?
I solemnly swear that on Thursday last, about eleven p.m. the stagecoach in which I was riding was held up by five armed bandits.
It was about your death.
It's a dangerous play, Haven.
You're under arrest!
(taking another drink) I'm a nervous man.
A cut.
The building burned down.. .you
Is that why I'm under arrest?
Drop it.
Ben had a gun last night but it didn't seem to scare you.
You were taking a detachment up north on an Indian scare?
Well, that scare is a fake.
He hangs up the phone and runs out of the house.
She's crazy about you.
(beat) I am.
You attack.
I watched it.
A doctor who specializes in skin diseases will dream that he has fallen asleep in front of the television.
You're crazy.
That's dangerous.
He was a cop?
Thief.
She's unbalanced.
That's awful.
That's because it's cursed.
Suddenly she spins and draws her pistol.
A nightmare.
Sorry I fell asleep.
He hangs up.
Are you crazy?
She looks terrified.
A beat.
This will ruin me.
A beat.
I'm a cop.
Who died in a Russian jail.
Stunning.
Escaping.
Bandit #20 looks scared, Woody unreadable.
Why are you stopping?
'Stop.
Waaa-ait, Mr. Postman...' FORD crosses the parking lot of an abandoned motel.
They're still out there.
They shake hands.
I'm afraid you don't understand, Sheriff.
What government?
Did they survive the plague?
The Romans had an expression they used to scare their children.
I'm weak.
He watches a moment, suddenly grimaces.
Ponytail rounds a bend at a lope -- and then -- her eyes widen in terror.
George makes no move to flee as they near.
BOOM! Caught in the storm, the ten soldiers go down.
He's just a scared boy.
The ghosts of the past.
Through flood and plague we cannot fail.
You owe it to me...
I owe it to me.
He shakes his head "no."
I challenge you.
The horses collide.
Bloody.
The Postman and Bethlehem are at each other like coiled snakes.
Bethlehem tries to pry the fingers from his throat, but can't.
He... (interrupting) I'm sorry.
Where's where I asked him about being scared?
It makes me nervous to think about it.
(on tape) All this business of war -- do you get scared?
I was worried I was early.
Stop there.
What is she shooting?
I was a little nervous there for a minute.
The stuff in the dark is not good.
(to Guard) It's okay.
Watch?
Nervous?
I haven't... (stopping her) It would never occur to me to worry at all about you.
I don't think you can overestimate it -- on any given Saturday night tens of thousands of women are being attacked and there isn't much they or we can do about it... (on monitor) The victims often remain too terrified to talk -- the police powerless and all the social welfare groups can finally do is monitor this epidemic of crime without punishment.
Tomorrow the jury returns to this site as each day brings more revelations of horror, four more bodies now taken from the frozen earth...This is Jennifer Mack in Wota Hamlet, Alaska.
This is hysterical.
But I had this historic attack of flop sweat so they'll never let me another again.
No, nice ones worried that I was having a heart attack.
Awful.
And if the network doesn't cover it -- it must not be important so why worry.
It's terrible what you did.
Tin Cup can be slightly condescending in these situations, though she's got him a little wary.
It's about inner demons and self-doubt and human frailty and overcoming all that crap.
(starts swing) Lowly and slowly the clubhead is pulled back, led into position not by the hands but the body which turns away from the target, shifting to the right side without shifting balance.
I'm afraid to ask.
(with horror, inside the Winnebago) You hocked your golf clubs?!
'Bout three balls... Silence.
Buried.
I'm afraid she'll say no.
He's startled.
(suddenly dejected) Oh God... (reaching into her purse) Mind if I smoke?
You a coward?
The Force is with me, pods... 74 TIN CUP hits a wedge approach -- the ball lands inches 74 from the hole.
(on tape) ... when the going gets tough, the, the, the, whirrrrrrrrrrr, the, the... Tin Cup shakes the Walkman and pounds his ears.
She's abandoning me!
Earl's having trouble with the flagstick, shaking it, panicking, and finally -- he snaps it free, but...
I gotta go.
A disaster.
Kill me now!
What the hell.
There's wind up there.
Well, he hasn't shown an ounce of fear all day.
And sleep in the Winnebago at night... Silence.
If he doesn't hit the jackals, at least he'll scare the shit out of them.
You're the one stressing me out.
(in sign language) Don't forget you have the dentist at four.
We both shot.
Yes, the terrorists attacked a tour bus on the road.
We were attacked.
Bad.
Who shot her?
I was scared.
It's not a weapon, it's my knife.
Amelia, worried, approaches him.
The chicken starts to shake, spurting blood everywhere.
That happens when you're nervous.
Suddenly Mohammed focuses on the radio.
The shots cease for a few seconds, but they suddenly start again.
More shots.
Debbie is frightened and goes to hide behind Amelia.
We suddenly hear sirens.
It's going to get dark soon.
Abdullah, afraid, watches his son shoot.
Yussef and Abdullah, terrified, stick to the stones.
Is he armed?
From the window we can hear the noises of the town: voices, goats bleating, camels moaning, music from a radio.
I was scared, that's why I left... forgive me.
I was scared too... when I saw Pat lying still in his crib... Her voice breaks up and she can barely go on.
So much... so much... Richard looks worried and leaves the room.
This is the phone call from the beginning.
Waal, they're honorable scars.
...stunning.
I have to redo the figures on the train... MOORE (cont'd) Don't move the car... don't move the car... ...is he moving the car...? BLANE (cont'd) Oh, maaan... Is he getting out of the car...? Hey: what the hell...? What the hell...? Scuse me, scuse me, officer, we were sposed to have a detail, doing security for us... ...Bobby...? No, it's no big deal, but we're standing out here... ...who did you...? Forget about... No, it burns my butt... we're out there, we're out there, side-of-the-road, workin' on the highway, for...
I am a Criminal.
She thinks the guy's weak, he's scared, she's scared, I think she's sincere.
What was it before you changed it?
...and, so, you got hurt.
You must be under quite a lot of stress.
Elizabeth sees his terror.
He offers to shake hands.
A torment.
I was terrible.
(the needle sticks) TKS/Seidler/09/17/08 35.
Sore back.
I was punished.
How dreadful.
With a toothache.
You're a dangerous man, Logue.
Courtiers and peers...the whole panoply of a class which once ruled the nation which once ruled the world, afraid of losing their last vestige of privilege if the monarchy is further debased.
You've the Devil in you today.
I fear your brother is like the child in a fairy story, given everything in the world, but they forgot his soul.
Reluctantly.
IN THE STUDY: the men are growing increasingly nervous.
We're being cowards.
Logue and Bertie look panic-stricken.
Logue ushers Elizabeth into the study, giving Myrtle a nervous little wave.
Breathe deeply...expand your chest... now your stomach...deep into the diaphragm.
But should you wish to avoid further stress... Why not paint him pink and cover him with sequins?
You've made a dangerous enemy.
During this, Bertie's hands begin to shake, the pages of his speech rattle like dry leaves, his throat muscles constrict, the Adam's apple bulges, his lips tighten...all the old symptoms reappear.
But far more than this - the peoples of the world would be kept in the bondage of fear, and all hopes of settled peace and of the security of justice and liberty among nations would be ended.
Sprite.
This is a hospital.
Dark hair.
Stop.
Stop it.
That's out of line.
We still do.
Can we drop this?
Only time I ever saw your mother scared, and she was really scared.
Stop that!
It'll go away.
I'm worried about my daughters.
Still do.
And she's dying.
Beats me.
When will she die?
Any day now, I'm afraid.
How bad?
Deal is this: She's got a psycho, threatens her over the phone.
It was an accident.
He died.
Then kill him.
Because Mike was scared.
He handed it to you... without telling you how dangerous it was?
Flee?
Slow.
I'm scared.
This is bad.
The blow was non-lethal.
Shooting up.
She died.
Fell asleep.
(shakes his head) No.
You killed him!
Is there a problem?
You took an awful risk.
I'm scared, Joe.
What do you need a boat for?
I'm scared.
Do you hear that -- ?
What cop?
We're gonna go get Darian.
Will the police catch Marcon?
There are planes falling out of the sky, buildings blowing up.
But I'm a little nervous.
We've got to be able to deal with a terrorist threat before it occurs.
He's dead.
An accident.
(beat) Who are you?
The robbery.
I've gotta go to work.
Voice stress points suggest he's worrying.
You're firing me.
(beat) Why?
I gotta go.
They're spooks.
Police?
Nobody's kicking me out of my house.
I was missing you.
We were having a fight.
Who won the fight?
And you were worried about me.
Where's your gun?
A bug? Yeah.
Well, sir, I'm afraid it's not as simple as that.
If it was, it's destroyed now.
He's dead now.
(on TV) I've lived through the dark ages of Hoover's Watch-List and McCarthy's Witch Hunts - men who used moral crusades, fired by fear, to lay waste to our freedoms.
A pound for one night; three pounds for four.
You nervous?
The chanting stops as suddenly as it began.
I'll kill you.
Fight.
Afraid to let things grow.
Risk everything to gain nothing.
Maria takes PK's hand, a little nervous.
You hear that?
'A.' The door to the library suddenly opens.
Once warned.
The two most dangerous things you'll ever see in your life, boyo: a hangup of rock that won't blast free on first shot and a driller with a powder headache drinkin'.
buried.
He stands, his chest heaving.
Rasputin is concerned.
Rasputin speaks urgently in Russian.
I'm more worried about the social thing.
You're fired.
(Shakes his bead) Down from Houston.
You go by your old house?
Shadow gets crazy-- Sergeant Major?
You're dismissed.
You Slow?
Otis, apologize to the Sheriff-- You got him too scared to peep, Sheriff.
When he was killed.
Got a cot in the back- people get afraid to go home they can spend the night.
I was afraid he was going to arrest me--he had those eyes, you know-- Yeah.
I had a still.
He was afraid I was going to poison somebody.
So I'm worried about you.
[The other guys are so scared they'd rather wet their pants.]
Jumped up at my face--scared me so bad I killed him without thinkin'.
What the hell are you doing?
Are you crazy?
But hell, what's that?
Okay, that's a problem.
Stop that!
I miss you.
There was a -- spider.
You disgust me.
(panicking) I'm not ready for this.
What?! Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
For the Bonobo, sex is a way to ease stress and diffuse tensions.
Cut!
We gotta go.
Sorry, buddy, that's my toy.
I got implants, just like you said! (horrified) Indeed you did.
'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 Next up, Javier tells us if your petunias are going to see any rainfall this weekend.
I'm not a control freak.
A lot of women I know are total control freaks -- and it's a nightmare.
(nervous) Hi! I'm sorry, but Jack Magnum will no longer be able to do "The Ugly Truth" segment.
Abby stands in the basket, still nervous, but flying on adrenaline.
Men are afraid.
...They're afraid to say what they feel.
Afraid to grow up.
The elevator was a moment of passion, followed by a moment of panic on your part, apparently.
Are you going to threaten me with death when we have sex?
You are dismissed.
That was his problem.
(the OLDER PRIEST nods, terrified) "I am as God made me", was that what you said?
I gotta go to work.
I'm having panic attacks.
What if that was a legitimate threat?
My wife's asleep.
How obsessive are you?
Cop.
If you make me fear for my life, I put a fucking bullet in your head as if you were anybody else.
He's a cop.
She's a cop.
You're a cop.
You're a cop.
He went into a building on the waterfront.
He's crazy.
I hear you.
We can bust him for what we have.
I now have information... from a very good source...that Queenan may have been killed by his own undercover.
I'm gonna go in the other room.
I was a little worried.
Sprite.
So she grew up doing a knife act.
(laughing) That's what I'm afraid of.
Tony Rocky Horror.
What the hell was that?
If you'll excuse me, I gotta go home and have a heart attack.
This watch.
I didn't realize there was a difference between a tummy and a pot belly.
We're in a lot of danger, aren't we?
You startled me.
What are you watching?
Butch, I was so worried!
Are we in danger?
I'm sorry I worried you, sweetie.
It's a freak, but it happens.
Whaddya think she'll do? (pause) No fuckin' shit she'll freak.
I witnessed a freak occurrence.
When you yell at me, it makes me nervous.
When I get nervous, I get scared.
And when motherfuckers get scared, that's when motherfuckers get accidentally shot.
But I'm afraid I can't give you the case.
I gotta go pee!
How come you're so scared of your own kid brother?
(a little nervous) I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Corleone.
Is he dead?
They wanted to scare him, that's all.
You're talking as though she has no right to be frightened when there are machine guns going off in her backyard.
Killed by someone inside...very frightened that they botched it.
I went down to the Barrett house.
I'll go home alone in the car; and before I reach the hotel, I'll be assassinated.
Roth got out on a private boat.
I know he's scared, but have one of our people reach him.
My informants say he was half dead and scared stiff -- talking out loud that you had turned on him and tried to kill him.
This is urgent.
(Pause) I'm afraid they're rather ghastly.
COLIN nods eagerly, anxious to get out.
Just the odd early warning if you know she's going to be late on set.
Suddenly abandoned, OLIVIER and VIVIEN look momentarily startled before VIVIEN glances at him with a half-smile.
One does get so terribly nervous.
He is now called the Duke of Strelitz, he cannot of course go to the Abbey tomorrow, but he is most anxious you should invite him to the room you have taken in the Ritz for Nicky.
The place is dark and quiet.
They're terrified their cash cow will slip away.
ROGER is fast asleep.
Oh, God... I'm sorry...
So I hear.
Too bad.
OPEN on a massive dolls' house.
A cold dread clutches at COLIN's stomach.
For a second he fears the worst, but then suddenly she groans and sits up, looking at him blearily.
Everyone was worried about you.
She is instantly back asleep.
She is doubled up, clutching her stomach, sweating and frightened.
BANG!
When's the arraignment?
You don't have to be nervous, Will.
But he's very defensive and I need someone who can get through to him.
What are you, retarded?
What do you have to worry about?
Then what are you afraid of?
What do you mean "What am I afraid of?"
What are you so scared of?
What am I scared of?
You live in your safe little world where nobody challenges you and you're scared shitless to do anything else-- Don't tell me about my world.
You're the one that's afraid.
You're the one that's afraid.
What the fuck am I afraid of?! You're afraid of me.
You're afraid that I won't love you back.
I'm afraid too.
Why don't you beat off at your house?
I don't have a VCR at my house.
I owe it to myself?
You owe it to me.
This is a disaster!
Why is he hiding?
I'd rather fight a big kid, they never fight, everyone's scared of 'em.
Can you stop him?
* Crazy?
The Wolf of Wall Street Buff Revised Pages 3/5/13 Steve clears his throat, looks over at Jordan -- he's terrified.
Is your landlord threatening to evict you?
Be aggressive!
He shakes out more pills, two more apiece.
Donnie holds his throat as he falls * backward choking, taking out the entire glass kitchen table with a tremendous CRASH!
It had an alarm.
I think we might of scared her.
That's why we go on the road.
This is an emergency.
You'd blow a knee out racing on those.
He looked too shaken-up.
Murders.
Watch me.
That coward.
And we'll blow up his car.
Stop.
(shaking hands with crew across table) How are you.
Are you afraid to die?
Are you afraid?
It's jail.
He escaped.
I did warn you.
My life is a warning.
Are you wearing eye shadow?
That's why I stopped doing it with you.
It was always like you were frightened.
Make their kids afraid.
It may sound that way, but I react out of fear.
I cut myself.
I can't leave the house?
Are you afraid of heights, Guster?
It bugs me.
That bugs me.
You head was pressed against my chest.
Should I? It would worry me.
If I let everything that should worry me, worry me, I'd be dead from worry.
Oh...with his ear infection!
I've been dreading you.
A violation?
(beat) Why?
It's freakish.
Well, he doesn't need to worry.
He's not the type to worry.
I fell asleep!
(beat) What are you doing?
And why was the alarm on?
Oh God, we don't want the police!
Are you afraid of heights?
He's been asleep for hours.
I've been dreading you.
To the patio and one north-facing window... (suddenly realizing) And six inches to the height.
I'm afraid you won't be able to continue until this is settled.
Are you threatening me?
I'm an orphan.
You find something objectionable to working in partnership with.... Sir, I'm in Law Enforcement, I was out there, dealing with an armed and dangerous...
You told her you were an You private fears.
That's what think... ...mos kind... STARLING (cont'd) Hey, now, what was I afraid of... shooting at Is that what you're afraid of...? Then you tell me, then.
...you an orphan.
Surrender.
He's spend'n his life helping Children.
...nightmare.
You have a recent scar on the back of your hand.
...your My scar is a war-wound.
Just get me his vital signs, will you...? Catcha later... Which would, of necessity, have left this scar in the shape of the number "3."
When you go away.
They die.
It left a scar.
What shape is the scar?
What shape is the scar?
But sometimes I get scared this is as good as it's gonna get... Things'll change for us.
I'll tell ya, I wasn't scared of being killed, but I was terrified of getting wounded, and having the medics discover my secret.
You were much scarier in real life than you were in the movie.
(bitter) They don't want the classic horror films anymore.
The pure horror, it both repels and attracts them.
The blood is horror.
That's not the issue !! (she suddenly stops) Ugh! How can you act so casual, when you're dressed like that?!
Beware!
Beware.
He's a monster !
It scare da crowds.
A brute.
(beat) Hello?
Bela needs a job...
We're gonna have the most terrifying monster ever seen on film!
(suddenly freaking out) No! No water!
Like what ?! (nervous) The secretary.
Bela, I don't know what I'm doin' anymore... Stop worrying.
They are afraid of it.
(beat) Okay.
We killed him.
These horror pictures are humiliating.
That was so scary, it gave me goosebumps.
In the afterlife, you don't have to worry about finding work.
This is a hospital!
Dis is a nightmare.
We're escaping!
Stop!
The poor girl's out of a job.
It's uncanny .
What's uncanny?
(scared) What do we do?! Help! HELP!!! (near tears) Dear Jesus, please forgive us!
Graves!
Oh, you wanna talk about the "big picture"?! How 'bout that the policemen arrive in the daylight, but now it's suddenly night??? YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING!
"So what if we develop this solarnite bomb?
Eleanor's hand lowers a piece of notebook paper beneath the table, on it she has written: "Hi Doug!" Doug starts with panic, rears back, cracks his head on the bottom of the table, and then, as his head rebounds from the blow, he accidentally impales himself in his chin with the sharp pencil.
Doug shakes his head no.
Watch it.
It was an accident.
She's frightened.
Did you hear me?
No. That's why she sent me, she doesn't want you to come, she was afraid you would if you heard from someone else.
(puzzled) Had to what?
So am I. (shocked) You are?
Awww, man...
(suddenly alarmed) Oh Jesus... did we?
Missed you, too.
I'm on probation.
Gotta go.
I have a little scar.
(through her tears) Doing what?
You're crazy.
A bacteria?
You failed.
And you-what the hell was all that?
Extradition between France and the U.S. is a bureaucratic nightmare.
Stop.
Stop.
They feel the foreign nature of the dreamer, and attack-like white blood cells fighting an infection.
They're going to attack us?
A maze.
It'll change him.
Look, Ariadne, I need them for this job.
I need you for this job.
How did she die?
Then I panic that I'll always wish I'd seen them turn, that I can't waste this chance...
(thinking) Rain... gunfire... Uncle Peter.
Are you hearing that?
Did we miss it?
Yeah, we missed it.
What the hell do we do now?
Watch.
This is crazy.
You don't go out with him for his money?!? Oh, horrors!
The YOUNG MAN is strong-arming RITA who is beginning to get frightened.
He sneaks off.
LANGFORD, attempting to camouflage himself by wearing a cap over his eyes and his trench coat collar turned up, his eyes hidden behind dark glasses, walks out of the building.
God damnit!
You had your warning, Mr. Krupkin.Help me.
WE WATCH the SECURITY GUARDS and WIRTZ pitch PUPKIN out into the street.
Suddenly PUPKIN is IN THE FRAME, walking side by side with LANGFORD.
LANGFORD looks at PUPKIN in terror.
He falters a bit, out of fear.
A CLOSE UP records his reaction of sheer terror.
Ow! LANGFORD glances down in horror at the gun which he now realizes is a toy and looks up in horror to see MARSHA, bigger than life, bearing down on him.
Sorry, buddy.
Feared dead, he emerged 36 days later, running on a fuel he'd distilled himself from the natural elements!
It's a fossil fuel.
How did we miss that?
When hit with an electromagnetic pulse, it becomes extremely dangerous.
Can you hear me?
Do you hear me?
But you're dead!
Outside?
Hang on.
I gotta go to a doctor.
If you're worried about your fuel, man, don't.
On the tower.
Shoot.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
There's a bomb in here!
The bomb is on you.
I'm the bomb!
You are the bomb!
Bomb?
I'm gonna have to go get myself some coolant.
What's the panic?
Oh, you don't have to worry about that -- nothing in there that anybody would want to steal... (unlocking door quickly) Good night, Mrs. Dreyfuss.
I don't care if it is Marilyn Monroe -- I'm already in bed -- and I've taken a sleeping pill -- so I'm afraid the answer is no.
Let me worry about that.
Blasting off.
It was making me nervous, so I chopped it off.
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
(guardedly) Why?
I'm afraid there are too many other girls around here with seniority over me.
So where is the victim?
A bad insurance risk?
A cemetery?
I know how worried you were about Miss Kubelik -- well, stop worrying -- I'm going to take her off your hands.
Swell.
Cut.
This is terrible!
Aw, screw it.
Fragile?
COPS?
I'm sorry... Oh my God, they killed Kenny!
(Nervous) So, guys, I need to ask you a serious question...
Think how's this gonna change my life, what am I gonna miss?
Think how's this gonna change my life, what am I gonna miss?
DEATH?!
I'm afraid you need to work more on not saying the F word and the N word.
No, Eric... I'm afraid it's phase two for you... Prepare thyself for unending pain!
I'm so sick of these soldiers.
Now bend over!
Me?! (Nervous) Kay.
The war is escalating, and the American forces are preparing for a large scale attack on Canada.
This is a dangerous mission, so I'll go myself.
I was gettin' worried I'd never see another one!
The night will swallow him up.
You are under arrest!
This is terrible...
This is MY fight!!
No need to stress!
I pray your arms my arms to take!
I'm afraid I already know a great many people.
I'm afraid you're blocking my view.
Your dentist called yesterday.
(a pause, regarding her) Mrs. Lampert, I'm afraid you're in a great deal of danger.
Danger?
Why should I be in any danger?
And I'm afraid we want it back.
Right there, between your eyes -- see? Worry lines.
Can you hear me?
Stop that!
(a sigh of relief) Having a nervous breakdown.
I mean, what'd you think he'd do -- walk up 'n' shake you by that hand o' yores?
They're only trying to scare you, that's all.
(shaking his head) No. No, what?
Dead?
Steal it how?
Cutting it out.
I'm afraid that will have to wait, Mrs. Lampert.
And stop threatening that boy.
Alex -- Hm? I'm scared.
I'm afraid.
In my room, asleep.
So you can kill me too?
But you're -- divorced?
Bane?
Although you don't have the long nails... (Nervous laugh.)
I'm afraid I can't let you take those.
We've been robbed.
It's okay, Miss.
Then I will kill you.
He's dead.
Between that and the scar tissue on your kidneys, residual concussive damage to your brain tissue and general scarred-over quality of your body... (Takes a deep breath.)
Watch?
There is a prison.
Bane.
And I failed.
That's what you're afraid of - that if I go back out there I'll fail.
I'm afraid that you want to.
That'll slow them down.
They've got hostages!
Of the fanatic.
And I beat him.
You'd abandon me?
Flood it.
I'm afraid he has a point, Mr. Wayne.
How can we change that?
Not as serious as yours, I fear.
That you should be as afraid of him as I am.
Did they kill him?
This is now a four-megaton nuclear bomb.
The bomb is armed, the bomb is mobile, the identity of the triggerman is a mystery.
And you'll be dead.
You were the mercenary.
What about the bomb?
Fear is why you fail.
The fear of death.
I do fear death.
I fear dying in here while my city burns with no one there to save it.
Then fear will find you again.
Exile.
Where the hell are they?
The bomb goes off tomorrow.
What's that gonna do tomorrow, when that thing blows?
War.
Including the emergency flood - There is no way to stop this bomb.
Why worry about the stabilization software?
Bales.
You owe me.
You owe me.
She fainted.
Where the hell are you?
That's retarded.
Si, si, but I need it.
I'm just afraid its gonna be the whole thing all over again with Derek, and then I've got to find some other asshole, and do it all again.
I'm sick of the whole cycle.
I need a job, mehn, then I pay you.
Where are you?! We got two calls from 45 Smith Street wondering where their food is! (over the wind noise) I got into an accident!
(suddenly friendly again) Okay, yeah, see you next week.
Where the hell have you been!
He's a little scary looking ... he scares me.
I'll owe you.
What the hell is it?
Cops're here.
I gotta go!
You missed.
Cops're here.
This is the police!
I'm afraid I don't understand.
So, where's "Weird Al"? SHH! He's back there.
This is way too creepy.
I'm afraid if I see him, I'll start feeling really bad again.
I dropped it!
(very stupid and nervous) Uh... it's uh... it's about The Mutilator... My goodness!
That rules!
You're insane.
You make me nervous!
I'm afraid you're simply going to have to take that painting down.
I dunno, I... I'm serious!
Oh -- please - don't let me interrupt finish your phone call.
I'm really anxious to get my record collection out of storage... Why don't we start with that next week?
What are you... wanted to photograph you... watching... No, Mark! No! help me to understand this... this nightmare... That'll do Mark... dry your eyes and stop being silly.
...and this! ...her burial!
He was interested ... in the reactions of the nervous system... to fear... Fear?
Fear?
Fear.
Especially fear in children - and how they react to it.
I think he learned a lot... from me... I'd wake up... screaming... sometimes... and he'd be there... taking notes... and pictures... and I'm sure good came of it... for some people...
Risking your job and...
I'll be scared to death tonight as it is!
You frightened me!
So perfect... that even he ... (he hesitates) ... even he... would say... Who Don Jarvis!? Oh! He'd say: (imitating the great man's voice) Sign on the dotted line, kiddies!
(she strikes an attitude a, la Rabbins) Being frightened to death?
They can only hang you once.
But how would he frighten me to?
(quickly) Mummy, what's worrying you?
It had better be soon... Are you going away? Almost for certain!
Sergeant, I've been on the force thirty odd years... and I have never seen such fear on anyone's face as on this girl's... (almost to himself) What was it she saw?
I'm afraid they will!
And that poor girl... where did she work?
Supper's laid out in the kitchen.
They ask me for horror comics - and I take their sticky hands and drag them to where there are books!
People... Yes?... It's owned by a little boy who is terrified of grown-ups... but when he looks in his magic camera he sees grown-ups as they were when they were children... and he isn't frightened any longer.
(staring at the screen) It's no good - I was afraid it wouldn't be.
... in... red (suddenly she covers her face in her hands') I can't!
... Did you say news...? Don't let me see you... frightened... (he pushes the door wide open...) Leave! (he looks at her - then looks quickly away) Hurry, Helen!
But if you're frightened... Show me - or I'll remain frightened... for the rest of my life.
Show me! Do you know... what the most frightening thing in the world is?... It's fear.
When they felt the spike... touching their throats... and knew I was going to kill them... ... I made them - watch their own deaths!
Made them see their own terror as the spike went in... and if death has a face, they saw that too!
... frightened ... for you... Look out!
I could have found your faces for you... Helen - I'm afraid!
I'm glad I'm afraid!
Don't be a silly boy... there's nothing to be afraid of... Good night, Daddy... Everyone else had gone?
I told him I was afraid I would miss my bus.
You're here to defend me!
You threatened those children, didn't you?
Moving for the sink, when he suddenly stops.
Stops.
That's instinct.
It's gotta be in your blood.
So what the hell are they doing?
The cripple.
That's what you're missing.
(suddenly) Hey.
(laughing) Oh, dear, I'm going to scare you away.
He's been watching them.
(to Barzoon) I was panicked!
I'm gonna make some very tough phone calls.
It's not my tits I'm worried about.
Stop.
thru thru 132 132 Dark.
Sorry, Mr. Lomax, I thought we'd scared 'em all away... Always did like to stick his nose in a camera.
I'm worried about her.
This case?
You know what scares me?
The victim?
He's dead.
He was killed.
Let me worry about it.
I'm afraid to pray.
They want you to go to sleep.
Watching.
I gotta go.
The Antichrist.
It's a bitch.
-- CHATTERING out -- on Lewinson's headed note paper: To the Commissioner of Police Police Headquarters John Vorster Square Dear Sir, On behalf of our client, Gordon Ngubene, we are anxious to discover the whereabouts of his son... Wellington, Jonathan's friend, is sitting alone in fear.
I'm sorry, babies.
(suddenly desperate) Ben, I'm sorry about Gordon's death, but please for all our sakes, forget about this whole thing.
No. In the end one grows tired of being afraid.
Ben, I know your anxiety about the inquest.
They were rough with him, pushing him and threatening.
(to Ben over noise of the discussion) Don't worry, man.
(suddenly aggressive) I'm sorry, but where are we going?
(throwing Ben a warning daggers look) I'm afraid I don't understand.
I'm afraid she has to stay where we can see her -- in case she wanted to warn someone.
They raided the house; they are tapping my phone, and I have been threatened by one of the officers.
Just wanted to scare me, that's all.
Scare you?
Lewinson the lawyer has stressed their importance.
Does it worry you?
Sound of the PHONE, a young nurse's frightened face as she remembers peering in at a young boy, struggling and moaning... Policemen closing the door... her hand signing the affidavit and handing it to a man's hand.
They were trying to scare us, that's all.
Is that a threat, Colonel?
A friendly warning.
(rising and shaking hands with Ben) How's it?
Nothing has changed in this house.
They don't know what you've got and you're a danger to them.
I don't want to worry about you.
(anxious) What's happened, man? (obviously still scared) It's you.
It was a bomb.
She's being deported.
So where'd you get the beauty scar?
This?.. (scratching the scar, shrugs) I was a kid.
I shoulda left you in Cuba. of Miami as, to the music of the Immigration theme, we: A movie projector... We're watching . . . the face of Bogart -- unshaven, paranoid.
family restaurant, cafe, tourist haunt and late-night watering hole for various beasts of prey.
Rev. 11/Z/82 I'm scared.
c0NT1NuED (walking away) You worry too much Manny -- you' re gonna get yourself a heart attack one of these days.
side bandaged, and Tony, carrying the suitcase, through giant glass portals, past seriously armed security cops in the lobby.
Go get her, will you, Ernie?
(interrupting) .. .I'm sorry.
60 60 thru OMITTED thm 62 62 #02154 47 thru 51 Rev. l/18/83 Tony and Manny drive home in the broken down Monte Carlo -- sedan through the streets of Little Havana.
From his battered Monte Carlo across the curb, Tony, spruced up and nervous in a new suit, gets out carrying a bag of gifts.
crazy.
terrified, being positioned at the door of the chopper by the Shadow and the Skull, his hands tied to his back and a He is length of thick rope looped around his neck.
We tell you who's moving against you, we shake down who you want shaken down, if you have a real problem in a collec- tion, we'll step in for you.
I like the scar.
1X) Blow.
Manny suddenly slides into frame, backing Tony.
You're crazy!
(awkward) Well.. -What are the guns for Tony? (shrugs) What for?
(nervous) Why would I hurt you, Tony, I brought you in!
His eyes.. .Bernstein, reading them, gets worried.
He fires.
Tony abruptly walks out, a vial appearing in his hands as he steps out of the office.
(sore point) I'm working on it.
He suddenly catches a glimpse of the sloe-eyed Gabriella moving with another woman past a window of the house.
And your government -- what does it do?
(concerned) Everything okay Tony?
(nervous, to Ernie) Ernie, what time?
I hear you.
And now you are afraid to take a room with a bath?
May I ask how much your rooms are? (trying to get rid of them) Well, gentlemen, I'm afraid our rates are rather high.
Why should you be afraid?
I'm afraid we have no boxes of that size in our vault, but there is one suite with a private safe... That's even better.
But, gentlemen, I am afraid... He's always afraid.
This is Kopalski of the Russian Board of Trade.
Did you win? (enthusiastically) We can forget horse racing, roulette, the stock market... our worries are over!
(just as nervous as Swana) What does he say?
Right now there is a Russian commission in New York trying to sell fifteen Rembrandts.
(in a low voice) He's cutting our throat...
Don't look so gloomy, gentlemen.
There are going to be fewer but better Russians.
Which lawyer?
(she pulls the blouse off her shoulder and shows him her scar) Tsk, tsk, tsk.
Do you hear that?
There is a strike in the kitchen?
(horrified) Oh, madame!
Only one in the rear, I'm afraid.
(to the party) I'm only afraid that the doorman may spoil our fun.
Are you crazy?
Leave that worry to me.
I'm afraid I can't.
Well, Comrade, I am afraid you will have to turn over that work to someone else.
And there is a Russian saying: "The cat who has cream on his whiskers had better find good excuses."
(helplessly) Friends... friends, Buljanoff, Iranoff... (afraid of being left out) ...and Kopalski.
The world will be crowded with Russian restaurants.
No one shall say Ninotchka was a bad Russian.
(shakes her head) No, what are you thinking?
What is your problem?
What fire?
Irv looks concerned.
The fire is out.
Those sun lamps are dangerous.
What, the cop?
She's a rascal.
Irv looks concerned.
What's everybody scared of?
There's nothing to be scared of.
(re: the mob guys) Those are the guys you're all scared of?
Everybody over there is really scared of you guys, you know that?
It's a disaster.
Rosalyn looks in mirror: sadness, anger, fear.
Stop.
You scare him, and you manipulate him, and you use your son!
Think he's gonna go after a politician?
That's crazy.
He called me again the night of the 5th and he threatened to kill me.
It stabilizes our economy.
It's dangerous.
Edith walks up to him to shake hands.
What if there are obstacles, what will you do?
Obstacles?
We were watching that!
It must make you scared to get close to someone again.
It was disgusting!
Ahh, what'd you do now... fall off your bike again?
Should I kill him now?
He's a prick.
We've been worried sick about you.
I gotta go.
ROSA (cont'd) (panic) What are you doing?
You're hurting him!!
You go in the kitchen, I go to my room.
(to his friends) We were thirteen days away from getting married and ... I just got scared.
Who the hell is this?
You scared me!
I know, that's why we were meant to be together... No, I mean your dedication scares me... It's easy to be dedicated, when you care about something... Yeah, I felt that way, too, when I first started, but now... the hours, the repetition... it's not all glamour and mall openings anymore.
I'm sorry...Oh my gosh, are you George McCord?! ...What?
Why are you screaming at me?
What the hell are you doing here?
Are you crazy?
You want me to be afraid, but I'm not.
Federal agents start moving in quietly, heavily-armed, wearing big FBI arm bands.
Let everybody worry about their own business.
And on top of everything, now we got the Chinese Triads and these crazy Russians to deal with.
A shrink.
(having trouble breathing) Talk to Zello and Baldassare.
Well, sometimes people do it because they fear rejection or disapproval, but you can't let that worry you, Carl.
The hell he is.
He's having trouble sleeping.
Panic attacks.
Did I say panic?
Dizzy -- breathing -- chest pain attacks.
He's crazy about you.
(worried) Oh, Ben.
It's crazy.
That would be too scary.
(tearing up) I was so worried.
What, that you're a scary guy?
Sudden thing.
Were you angry, were you afraid?
Scott looks away, terrified, as Vitti exits past him.
TWO SHOTS from a PISTOL with a SILENCER strike him in the chest and he falls to the floor dead.
Wedding guests react in horror.
(a beat) So.
(with difficulty) I love you -- and I'm afraid for you -- I want you to be safe -- and I want you to have a good life.
He goes down on one knee and genuflects in front of a big crucifix.
How did he die?
I'm having nightmares as it is.
I'm in pain.
So what's the problem?
Why? His pants.
Oh, my God! (in a panic) Paul!
You're making him nervous.
This is insane.
(shrugs) How long you gonna lay there?
What the hell is that?
What are you, crazy?
Sindone glares at him, then lowers his gun, turns, and starts to walk back into the building joined by Mangano and the soldiers.
Suddenly, Sindone whirls and FIRES at Vitti.
That's crazy.
(Stopping.)
That sounded weird.
This is crazy.
You nervous?
We start at 125 pounds.
You hear me?
You hear me!
You need to get up!
Do you hear me?
I'm destroying him.
I'll drop you off.
I'm afraid so, pal.
But she's here with an attorney.
You hear me?
Finish this! Warning.
And then he just put him in that place so he didn't have to worry about him.
Do you hear me?
What's he watching?
This is freaking spooky.
Have you lost your mind?! We've been worried sick about him!
You don't have to worry about us.
He hangs up.
I fell asleep.
You'll lose.
We gotta go.
I was in prison.
There's nothing to be frightened of.
A criminal.
Aren't you guys worried about getting caught?
You are a criminal.
You were asleep at the wheel.
So now I'm changing it.
Our play is about misery, disconnection, a future that we don't see hitting us like a train...but tonight, my players, we show them...that this not a future to fear! Off the cushion in the corner ; double into the centre pocket!
You're a thief.
Tell me! You're afraid because I love you.
You're bleeding.
Don't you realize, this is going to scar him Honey... sweetheart... don't be Cleopatra.
Mom watches nearby, worried and helpless.
Anita shakes hands with Mom, and exits.
Shot moves in on his slightly fearful face.
Slam.
Her partner hangs in the shadows, adjusting shoes.
Ohhh! Sorry, I - We. Are not.
The Enemy!
There is history in their shake.
I gotta go.
(worried) We've got to stop them.
Stop them?
Wake up!
She makes a scoffing noise.
Everybody is free and anonymous in the dark.
That's what I'm worried about.
See, you're dangerous.
Pants him.
The phone rings, and Sapphire instantly snaps it up, still asleep.
Pain.
Doris the bus stays behind in the parking lot, abandoned near a field.
The Enemy.
William is overwhelmed with many emotions, fear topping the list.
Fear is creeping in around the edges.
William looks up, increasingly nervous, stares straight ahead.
The plane suddenly drops and stabilizes.
A moment later, an ashen-faced CO-PILOT emerges, balancing himself with hands on the ceiling of the shuddering plane.
The weather worsens, as the hail suddenly pelts the plane, and it comes down hard.
Nervous laughter.
The plane shakes.
(gripped with fear) The plane wildly rises, and falls.
Russell tries to get up and attack him.
He yells.
Anyway, I ran into her at the beauty parlor, and she had the nerve to ask if she could help with the children's benefit.
Johnny, you scared the daylights out of me! You're home early.
"Miss" what?
Go! Away!
I know it's scary, but I really believe this has to be done.
You not knowing that is what scares me most.
That's horrible.
I be so worried about her on my day off.
They blew up his carport last night.
"Miss Lazy Fingers" scared I'd find a new job before she moved...
What'd we miss?
And I know you must be so worried.
But I'm worried about you.
We gone pray for the Evers.
We gone pray for Myrlie.
There's so much blood.
She had a lawyer.
And I'm scared!
Really?! I was worried I was a tad overdressed.
You hear me?
When did she die?
They so scared.
I can hear you.
Is there a problem?
Now, let's move on to our French exam.
One who doesn't glow in the dark.
The blast?
"Hell up here?"
I'm afraid you've got to.
What the hell?
You are one scary son-of-a-gun.
(beat, then) Of what?
This is swell!
(to herself) Swell?
Swell!
What are you bitching about now?
(defensive) What?!
Because we're bitches!
Coward!
Hi! Eve?! Scare me, why don't you?!!?
I was frightened and I didn't know what to think!
Um...I, uh... Adam!! Where?! Stop! Adam!! How long will you set it for this time?
It's not the radiation I'm worried about.
I'm just - - worried?
No. Are you always this much afraid of being alone?
What are you so scared of?
This is difficult for me.
Swell.
You look a little shaken up.
Yes, but I'm afraid - I'll find your table in a moment.
I'm afraid I don't understand.
You don't have to be so nervous, you know.
Nervous.
Well, I am a bit nervous.
Would this be easier for you in the dark?
That you're afraid - Wait a minute.of
Are you shocked?
I'm afraid the young lady isn't quite ready yet - Hello.
They forced me into it.
You waited for her in the parking lot and told her she was too drunk to drive home and that you would get her a room for the night.
Not in my house it isn't.
(yelling after her) You WHAT?
(suddenly grim) He'll kill me.
I will be deported!
Disgusting.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
You're saying there's blood on these hands?
Sound of it makes me nervous.
We scared him shitless.
THE PRESS.
The Members remain in place, paralyzed.
Pressing it.
I don't want to go where they've got snakes.
They've got snakes?
They got a snake that bites you... you got eleven seconds to live.
There's a beat.
Where are you gonna sleep?
Nora turns toward Tilley and suddenly snaps.
Tilley looks a little concerned.
BB hits the ball and sinks it.
He hits the ball, it goes toward the pocket, but bounces back slightly, missing the pocket.
Tilley's nervous.
Tilley quickly moves and sinks the eight ball.
Now, concerning you... Yeah?
Outside.
It's insane.
Beat.
I blew the eight ball.
I gotta go.
No, you can't die of insomnia.
In a catastrophic emergency, we're taking giant, panicked breaths... Suddenly, we become euphoic and docile.
A woman could cut off your penis while you're asleep and toss it out the window of a moving car.
This is crazy.
The fight.
What fight?
... stop...
You hear me now?
Watch!
You killed him!
I'm afraid I have to insist you leave.
They're lunatics.
You took me to the house.
I'm trying to tell you -- and this is where you have to trust me -- but, I think your life might be in real danger.
Hear that?
The police blew a hole in his head.
Defuse the bomb, please.
Defuse the bomb?
Fire at will.
...He's ill, the Plane is sick... ...Good...
One shot: one bomb, falling though the roof, building coulda been made of ...you want us to go to War... ...that's the general idea.
Who do you fear?
I repeat, it is serious, the doctors suspect it's a stomach flu, but have advised him not to fly.
M'I getting through to you? War in the Balkans, don't mean nothing, till some G.I. flyer, went down, Eating Snakes for Ten days.
They're Oppressed.
It's a bomb, and it's .... in Canada!
The Hostages...? The hostages, but that was a naturally-occuring...
She was Driven From Her Home, by Albanian Terrorists.
Albanian Terrorists on the Canadian Border.
...small price to pay, pal... ...scared.
To still the fears, to answer the of this troubled land.
You missed your is over.
The War is Over.
The War is Over.
The threat of Nuc1ear Terrorism has been quelled.
How do you keep those fears at bay? What do you say, when there's nothin' to say?
What is he, "dead?"
Wake up.
Is he dead?
Is he dead?
Is he dead?
ARE YOU DEAD?
Hell.
Shot Down.
Watch me.
The bullets were coming over our heads - from that fence back on the knoll - I was just so shaken.
He's been shot!
What the hell were they doing?
(shaken) Why? What's wrong?
That's why he was trained in Russian.
John Birch Society, Minutemen, slightly to the right of Attila the Hun.
Who the hell are they, then!
It's bizarre.
It's crazy.
(nervous moment) There were no phone records.
So who the hell are you?
I was scared.
Beats me.
I will not tolerate this infighting among the staff, I warn you that... (suddenly) Boss, then I'm afraid I can't continue working with Bill.
Something sure scared him.
(shaken) They killed him, honey.
(realizing, with terror) Oh no! No! I can't believe it.
That's our case!
Watch it again.
That test was sooo hard.
Rule 108-1.
I'm dying.
Going home to cram for midterms.
A beat.
Sorry, Balls.
Fred is a little freaked out.
DEACON crosses his legs and adjusts his shorts.
Cut.
Jake pulls off his pants and starts to look a little nervous.
He's starting to sweat.
Hang on.
This summer tent-pole event-movie is making me so scared.
This is the really scary part.
Then, Fire!
Fred is freaking out.
Are you insane?
Greitzer drops his glass of soda, raises his hands, and starts shaking, terrified.
You don't have to worry about Deacon.
She sees he's nervous.
He's nervous at first, not sure what to do.
He tries to shake Fred's voice out of his head, but he can't.
Stop.
Roger panics.
Scar Face is just a stupid movie, Fred.
Fred also sobs uncontrollably, creating a cacophony of boyhood terror.
Okay, so what's your cut?
Stop it!
Maybe that accounts for my personality, which is a little nervous, I think.
Stop it!
The country makes me nervous.
Oh, you got a headache!
Bad? Oswald and ghosts.
Max, the city is terribly worried.
What sins?
I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly, head-on into the oncoming car.
I didn't think it was that big, but it's a major spider.
I killed them both.
I miss you.
She was stealing.
Who's persecuting?
What if she steals more?
Listen, Doctor, I'm worried.
Then how can you criticize it?
(Laughing) No, no, I came out here to get some shock therapy, but there was an energy crisis, so I ... He's my-my food taster.
(He sighs) And I think what we got on our hands (Clearing his throat) is a dead shark.
Wait! I'm-I'm gonna ... go with you.
They shake hands.
He is dangerous.
It's going to be a nightmare.
On the war.
Cut that.
Change it.
And bestiality.
I'd forgotten about that.
What swanky reception are we going to? (panic in his eyes) What's the plan?
So I thought it might be nice to, you know, go out rather than sit in my room trying to spank one out watching a shark documentary, because I'm scared if I watch a porno it'll end up in the Register of Members Interests.
He hangs up.
Why's this my problem?
Bitch!
So, Paul, where are we up to? (off Paul's scary look) I was out getting coffee.
Have him killed.
Should I resign?
You're resigning?
Resigning.
Now go away.
So...you are now on probation.
You're fired.
I can't sign for it, I'm... ...she's going to blow.
What the hell are you so down about?
What is the...? Arrest him.
DON'T FLINCH WHILE I'M FRAUD: There's an old saying, two scariest things in the world, a black man with a knife and a Jew with a lawyer.
Both up with the chickens.
He's under arrest.
Can I watch?
I'm a lawyer.
The convict's hands move freely over the frightened woman's body.
This mornin' another hostage was taken... from a private home in Madisonville.
That's a threat... ...
And that's a threat.
(beat) Are those .38
shells?
I got more to worry about.
"Too bad".
It's a friendly ghost.
Haynes, six-one, 185 pounds, with brown hair is considered armed and dangerous.
His eyes are drawn to... which enters the house near the door.
Phillip, sack in hand, waves goodbye to the frightened old Woman, who shuts her door and locks it.
asleep, the way a child sleeps.
Phillip, now wide awake and scared.
Didn't mean to scare ya'.
Haynes is armed and extremely dangerous.
We FOLLOW the finger UP an arm TO Butch's concerned face.
He sits down on the edge of the tub across from Mack and takes the knife away from him.
I got a dog named... Phillip and a tree house and... Mack, nervous, enters the room followed by Butch.
(scared for the boy) No! Boy! Get over by yer' Mammaw!
Cleve shakes his head "no" between sobs.
Finally he allows the frightened child to go to Mack and Lottie.
Buzz.
(scared) I love you.
I'm touched, but I'm afraid ya'll gonna' have to back it up a step or two.
Phillip shakes it, afraid.
He collapses.
Come here, Phillip! (to herself) Come on, come on... (a warning) Chief, we've got an armed killer and an innocent boy out there.
Press?
Security's been our biggest worry.
(nervous laughter) What -- are you threatening me?
It scares the shit out of me.
Nothing to be nervous about.
Drowning.
(nervous as hell) No. Go ahead.
Such a gentlemen when you're scared shitless.
Just worry about yourself.
He's missing.
How can he be missing?
What the hell is he doing?
Do you hear me?
It's too dangerous for you and the others to be down here.
My procedures.
The panic.
You hear me?
The creature?
She was crushed.
What if it attacks?
What the hell?
Stop this.
It's not worth the risk.
You're just nervous.
(beat) Hello?
Can you hear me?
Deserts you?
And you can't control your fears, can you?
Watch.
This place can't handle another attack.
Another attack?
Another attack, and we go down with this place.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Your watch.
Snakes?
Am I afraid of them?
Do you fear them?
Are you manifesting them?
They're your fear, aren't they?
But -- And the snakes?
Beth! You're frightened, aren't you, Norman?
Stop what?
The pressure's going to kill you.
Stop it!
Your fear of drowning.
Before you kill yourself!
You hear that?
Hear what?
The power allows us to manifest our fears, right?
What if we feared the power to go away?
Now sit and relax, get some- thing in that flat tummy of yours -- SUSAN (cont'd) (to Allison) You coming?
Don't get dirty, Dad -- Well, it worries me.
No, it was so right it scares me.
I missed you.
Watch it!
Who the hell are you?
Death!
Shake hands.
Watch me do what?
(suddenly fragile) 'To bed'?
I'm feeling real uncomfortable right now because the guy who reports to me is threatening me.
Change.
You change!
Why are you still down here?
-- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.
And what about my enemies?
I'm afraid this is a wine bar, Mr. Quince.
Are you threatening me?
I don't want you to ever worry about me.
On top of an anxiety disorder.
It's insanity.
I'm sorry, I-- Did Doctor Timbers put you up to this?
I walk in the door and I see underwear and pieces of clothing and a guy's pants with his belt in it, and I walk up the stairs, and all... ...ll of a sudden I see the DVD player, and on the D-... ...-VD player is the CD and it's playing our wedding song, and then I look down and I see my wife's... ...panties on the ground and then- ...I look up and I see her naked in the shower... ...and I think, "Oh, that's kinda sweet, she's in the shower.
I missed you.
He died.
How'd he die?
You have a problem.
I have a problem?
You scare people.
He's dead.
People in the neighborhood are scared.
He's a cop.
Oh, my God, I'm gonna go home and write the letter right now.
You are afraid to be alive, you're afraid to live.
Stop it.
Go away.
She's unstable.
I got you an iPod.
What the hell are you doing?
And he's worried that the juju from the Eagles is being fucked up and he's concerned that it's because I'm spending time with you.
She was intrigued, excited, and a little scared.
She was scared?
Is it an emergency?
You're killing me.
You're killing me!
I'm a lawyer.
He is wearing a tuxedo and dark glasses.
is dragging Marshal back into the building.
Listen to the stress.
Can * you hear it?
Slow down.
Look, there's no need to panic.
Suddenly... Sherman!
He looks dangerous.
It was instinct.
What is this case doing here?
Who the hell are you?
His father, who still believed in principals and ethics, whose repeated lessons concerning duty, debt and responsibility had whistled through his son's head.
I had my own problems.
You devil.
Then we have a case.
He's breathing from a tube down his throat.
Watch.
Repent!' thru thru 206 206 * comes out of the building and stands waiting as the rain pours down on this bleak day.
You need to get out of here.
We're scared shitless.
Panic.
wearing dark glasses and a raincoat, hiding near a door- way that leads into an adjacent "family room."
Sherman takes both her hands and pulls them to his chest.
I was shocked.
So we going soon as it's dark.
You hear that?
Worrying about a person that works in law enforcement.
(beat) Yeah, she is.
And your gun.
And a ram on a metal door makes an awful lot of noise for what good it does.
Thing I'm worried about is you.
Outside of that.
Adele said you do that when you're nervous.
You scare me.
Slow down.
Slow down.
You gonna go get him?
You busted out?
Do you hear me?
A miracle! Suddenly he was dead.
You are too gullible to see your own danger.
I'm afraid I'm not at leisure this very moment.
It's too dangerous, Papa.
Stop it!
Half the house!
Half the house!
I'm afraid Mozart is a lost cause.
I'm scared!
I'm frightened, sir.
I'm frightened!
I worry about you all the time.
I try to help you all I can and you just drink and talk nonsense and - and frighten me!
I warned her.
Is that your penance?
You're hopeless.
(after a moment) * Are you scared?
Course I'm scared.
Mattie Fae watches from her spot sitting * on the corner of the bed, concerned.
The boat's missing.
(a warning) Mom...
I'm in pain.
Hi, again... Am I bugging you?
Y'hear yourself?
...Suicide.
Was this your concern?
By default.
What happens to you, when you feel afraid?
Adrenaline, and, and -- Your body goes through a whole chemical process when it experiences fear.
"August" 9/21/12 FINAL WHITE Draft 77.yep, and cortisol Don't you think an animal experiences fear?
I used to work in a cattle processing plant, lot of fear flying around that place.
So when you eat an animal, you're eating all that fear it felt when it was slaughtered to make food.
You mean I've been eating fear, what, three times a day for sixty years?
Hide-the-what?
I got a big bite of fear!
Double cheeseburger, bacon, extra fear.
Now I'm supposed to sit here and listen to you viciously attack each and every member of this family -- Attack my family?!
You ever been attacked in your sweet spoiled life?! Tell her `bout attacks, Mattie Fae, tell her what an attack looks like!
I'm sorry, everyone.
Poor thing.
What are you watching?
Can I watch it with you?
You hear me?
Go away.
NOW! GO AWAY!
You die.
I'm nervous.
You're monsters.
So stick that knife of judgment in me, go ahead, but make no mistake, his blood is just as much on your hands as it is on mine.
(nodding) He's got blood in his eye.
You gotta go.
You can still see the scars on the trunk.
You know how people whistle when they're nervous?
Where the hell is she?
You hear me?
They gotta go.
It spreads into his chest.
Aren't the kids asleep?
Makes me nervous.
I'm sorry to interrupt, but when I saw you sitting here, I just had to come over.
Well, it's frightening.
I'm gonna get sick.
She stops.
He'd worked boats as a kid.
Outside.
The flu.
Bad.
Accident?
The fire.
(worried) What?
(to Jack, Frank) I'm afraid you fellas'll just have to wait a minute.
Who's watching?
No. (continuing) Leave it dark.
I know but they-- That's scary!
It's going to give you nightmares.
I can handle a nightmare.
Stop it!
Stop it!
Stop!
Are you nervous about money?
Stop it!
You're dead.
I'm dead!
We were very unlucky.
I'm going to deep throat this eclair.
I need my computer to do homework.
I'll kill him.
But it's only because I'm scared to death of your crazy-assed illogical overreactions.
Stop.
I'm sick of everybody fighting.
She threatened you? (to Pete) She cursed at him.
We need to get ready for the party.
I'd help honey, but I've got the blood pressure, and I don't want to.
I'm a Cancer.
Mom! Since when have you been a smoker?
I have lava.
Change.
Suddenly -- a long bell rings -- Jackie STANDS UP, startled.
Then suddenly they both start speaking AT ONCE.
The concern is behind his eyes.
Stunned.
So vulnerable.
(here it is) I'm afraid she's going to walk.
Quietly freaking.
But we can beat it.
Why would his worry?
I was afraid to love first.
Down it now, only to... ...stop.
And stops.
His own concern...
Stop.
Stalks her.
Rachel looks scared to death.
I have cancer.
She's devastated.
God, sorry I'm so late...
Annabelle sits with her homework stacked, untouched.
Staring out the dark window.
For a change.
But she flinches.
That slows him down.
Stops him.
Slow.
Rachel looks a little anxious...
Peddles off.
We have a problem.
Is that what you're worried about?
Carrying it alone, the rest of my life... Is scary.
You're scared think it.
Are you afraid for me?
You can miss me.
I miss them.
Scare the shit out of 'em? Yeah.
That's too bad.
(pause) I'm afraid Sydney's right.
(beat) What?
You have concerns.
Your father's on the phone with his dentist?
He told me to tell you he's on the phone with his dentist.
(pause) Are you nervous?
Ahhh...I had a terrible meeting today.
The Motown Three have gotta be scared blind.
You worried about your job?
Damnit, Dad! Hey!
Gotta go.
It seemed odd, suddenly, your not being there... Why should you think I wouldn't be?
How'd hear about it?
They keep you under drugs out there with armed guards...
Like opening out of town, but terrifying.
I don't let myself think about it, even- (she looks up, rises as she speaks) - but I do know the part so well, and every bit of the staging, there'd be no need to break in a new girl- (suddenly afraid, she sits) - but suppose I had to go on one night?
Then you two must have a long talk- I'm afraid Mr. deWitt would find me boring before too long.
Being violently ill to her tummy.
(stops) Over?
The fight's over.
On the day of the audition, my biggest worry was to keep a banana looking part of an eggplant... then Lloyd came home.
The minutes will fly like hours... (he takes Eve's arm) ... and now we must join our sunburned eager beaver.
I think you're painting the picture a little darker than it is, really.
Not just a house I'm afraid to stay in... and a man to go with it.
Rushing off in the middle of the night like a country doctor?
For my play, my career - and now for a frightened, hysterical girl on the eve of her first night in the Theater!
And a phobia against truth!
That your concern for your play and career is one thing - and that poor frightened hysterical girl another - and that your concern for her has nothing to do with either your play or your career!
You still do.
They still are.
That I should want you at all suddenly strikes me as the height of improbability.
(beat) Why do this?
Our eyes are bigger than our stomachs.
Ulcers.
I've changed.
You dropped this.
You gotta walk before you crawl.
A beat.
A beat.
A beat.
I'm afraid I need something more secure.
Only they did it by accident.
We have a problem.
This is a problem.
He nods, half-cocksure/half-scared-pissless: he's up for it.
Hanging up, Benedict approaches her, puts his hands on her shoulders... What are you thinking about?
(a beat, then) Yeah.
A SECURITY OFFICER approaches.
What the hell was that?
His eyes fall on Reuben behind him, but Reuben just shrugs: "I didn't pull the plug."
Suddenly one of the monitors aligns itself, and Livingston presses play.
That threat over, he throws open the cash cart lid and takes the biggest breath of his life.
Benedict enters, and fear enters with him.
(on phone, venomously) I'm afraid you're mistaken.
He hangs up.
He's -- he died.
Slim stares deep into a monitor's dark pitch.
They take each other in, shake hands, and part.
They shakes hands.
That's the rules.
(chuckles) You scared that guy, though, manag gia-- that cracks me up.
I got 26 fucking hits under my belt and you're the one he's scared of.
He don't look so dangerous himself.
That's what I ' m worried about.
Lefty, NERVOUS, pulls down the sun visor.
Lefty, TERRIFIED, looks at Boobie again.
Lefty NERVOUS, lights a cigarette.
Lefty walks into the DARKNESS...A terrifying SILENCE...Then-- The LIGHTS come up.
I'm telling you, Donnie, I gotta worry 24 h ours a day .
Will you stop it with that?
Pale and shaken.
You injected that.
I need a boat.
Indictments?
The middle of the night.
An d loses.
It's getting too dangerous.
It's my watch.
A sudden chord of TERROR plays up Donnie's spine.
She still asleep?
Joe, you're scaring me.
as Donnie counts off the "warning signs" of drug addiction.
He's scared of spiders.
Instantly, he falls into a fighting crouch, knife at the ready.
Then we think Donnie's a rat and we get scared and fuggedaboudit.
She's got a... (suddenly interested) Does she have a pancreatic ulcer?
(anxious to go now) Yeah, I think so.
That's too bad.
But we have problems.
But you have problems?
He worries me.
(a little nervous) Well, what do you think?
I'd cut it...
Did you hear me?
Is he an enemy?
I've missed you.
I've... missed you too.
It's killing me.
No, I blew it, I blew it with Lester.
Stop it.
You worry about it for a while, I've been worrying all night, now you can worry.
You're dismissed.
You're appalled?
You're doing something wrong, Lieutenant this -- My methods of leadership are -- Don't interrupt me, I'm still your superior officer.
Dismissed.
Swell.
Dramamine keeps you from throwing up, you get sick when you fly.
I get sick when I fly because I'm afraid of crashing into a large mountain, I don't think Dramamine'll help.
Shoot.
So don't for one second think you're gonna come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
You see, Danny, I can deal with the bullets and the bombs and the blood.
I can deal with the heat and the stress and the fear.
As it is, he's got enough to worry about.
I have the defendants.
I'm afraid we can't do that, sir.
This is our defense.
(beat) That's it.
Is it possible to have a serious coronary condition, where the initial warning signals were so mild as to escape a physician during a routine medical exam?
And they killed him.
They were too afraid of Dawson, sir.
I'm being your lawyer.
Now damnit, let's put Jessep on the stand and end this thing!
I'm sorry I lost you your set of steak knives.
Grave danger?
I wore fatigues on the plane.
That's correct, but -- You said, "He was in danger".
I said, "Grave danger".
So Santiago shouldn't have been in any danger at all, should he have, Colonel?
Damnit Kaffee!! I'll ask for the forth time.
I'm gonna go home and talk to my daughter.
Buzz me up.
I'm still scared as a motherfucker, Ordell.
Stacin told me you aint got shit to worry about.
You're outside?
Suspicion of what?
Arrest me.
Once in the head and once in the chest.
It's Possession.
Hear what?
Fuckin' scare my woman, Sherona, half to death.
I was afraid if I asked to borrow it you'd say no.
They're crooks.
I made him feel he still can.
He drops in and out.
They watch it.
A sting.
Hell, yeah.
I shot her.
Where did you shoot her?
In the chest and stomach.
Where you shot her.
What'd you shoot her with?
I was frantic.
She was afraid.
She still is.
All the time I've known her, I never heard her sound scared like that.
He's dead.
Are you scared of me?
And there's an awkwardness they have nothing left to talk about... nothing left to say to each other... a hole in their relationship... Caroline fills it with the eternal question... Are you afraid?
Thomas, I'm afraid she's not going to survive... That's enough...! All of you!
(an echo) It's dangerous.
Mr. Oti suddenly runs into the street... Hurry... Benjamin tries as best he can to keep up...
When I'm not playing with monkeys - - they want me to run to bars in my cage with teeth to scare little children...
They scream...
But they scared shitless...
Where in God's name have you been?!! Like to scare the Holy Hell out of me!
I was so worried about you...you take my breath away...
I'm going away.
Going away?
It must be quite painful?
As she watches the rain on the window, Caroline takes it as her cue to keep reading... (reading) "...We were working in Murmansk, Russia..." Daisy stares at the window, the constant beating rain, the water running down the window... Murmansk is on the Barrent Sea, the only ice-free ocean port in the Soviet Union... We see "Chelsea" working with other tugs as snow falls in the crowded Russian Harbor.
She shakes her head no...
Which escapes him.
And every night... we would meet in the middle Of the night... Benjamin padding downstairs... slowing... happy to see Elizabeth, in her bathrobe, sitting in the empty lobby, waiting for him... Elizabeth and Benjamin quietly talking...
Married women don't usually sit with strange men in a hotel in the middle of the night.
He started to take his pants off... I'm afraid he misread me completely...
The wind and rain knocking at the window.
And as he stands holding the letter in his room at the small Russian hotel: And so, I went to war.
And as the tug arrives at the scene we see a TRANSPORT VESSEL, with a gaping hole in its midships sinking quickly... Fuel oil burning on the water... It's then we see the true horror of the men in the water... in the burning black oil...
They inadvertently touch... the electricity of friction... both aware of the closeness... they move ever so slightly apart... (nervously) Have you been to New York...? It's just across the bridge from me...
The hurricane.
He stops...
And we see just that, when suddenly he's struck by lightning.
I'm blind in the one eye...I can't hardly hear...I get twitches and shakes out of nowhere...
The room's dark, his father asleep.
She suddenly turns... What home?
He kisses her scarred crooked leg.
The boat out on the water, Daisy sitting on the deck, the wind in her hair... Benjamin at the wheel...threatening clouds on the horizon... I'm so glad we didn't find one another when I was 26... I'm glad we missed... Why do you say that?
And Daisy, suddenly afraid... I'm cold, Benjamin...
And as he holds her in the white room with the wind and the rain trying to get in, banging on the shutters...
He stops...
And Daisy says... I know you're afraid.
What's your worst fear?
I was worried you weren't coming back... (after a moment) You're all I have.
He crosses out of the dark room silently closing the door behind him...
They shake hands... There's an awkward quiet...
It's still.
And we see Benjamin, no more than six now, standing on the ROOF... Daisy standing on the ground down below him... (nervous) I wish you'd come down... (a little boy) I can see everything.
I'm afraid that doesn't mean much.
Blomkvist stares at her, feeling a little sick.
I'm an attorney.
Fades back into the shadows of his dark apartment.
I'm afraid I'm a bit out of shape.
I should've warned you.
They're crazy.
He fears the next thing he'll see is a pair of scissors in her hand, but it isn't.
She digs the tattooing gun's needle into his chest and begins dragging it back and forth.
He watches after it.
A siren.
Everyone is asleep.
A cow in the next stall with its throat slit, its blood splashed on her, hers on it.
Fire.
He glances off to Harald's dark house.
Then, in a moment, in the dark - Harriet's name isn't.
Indicates Harriet in the photo - This girl was killed that day, soon after seeing something across the street that frightened her.
How awful.
She does look terrified.
Bjurman, terrified, backs into a corner.
The doors open and she steps out, leaving him in there, looking too frightened to move.
It's that bad?
Are you afraid to be in the same room with him?
A lion.
Then - I can see you're anxious.
Leave the knife.
It squeaks.
It squeaks again.
Frode is ashen as he leafs through a binder Salander brought from Martin's chamber of horrors late last night: A scrapbook of murder.
I'm going to the police.
An approaching car.
He watches Anita Vanger get out of the car - the garage door come down - light go on inside the house - then dark figures hurrying along the side of the house: Trinity, Salander, and finally Plague.
The float with the harem girls comes past, and we watch the smile on young Harriet's face change to fear as she notices something off to the left.
The blanket covering Harriet on the backseat floorboard moves slightly, then is still.
She has a private sleeping berth, but isn't sleeping.
(through megaphone) And here comes the scare-baby, my kid brother, Harry Bailey.
It's poison!
I know you feel bad... and... Don't hurt my sore ear again.No... Don't hurt my ear again!
What did you stop it for?
I'm working across on a cattle boat.
A cattle boat?
I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet and I'm going to see the world.
Ouch! Gesundheit.
And then I got scared, George, and closed the doors.
(overcome) Well, I'll be... Mary, Mary, where did you... Oh, Mary... Remember the night we broke the windows in this old house?
Oh, confound it, man, are you afraid of success?
In the... in the whole vast configuration of things, I'd say you were nothing but a scurvy little spider.
I'm shaking the dust of this crummy little town off my feet, and I'm going to see the world...
What is it, a sore throat or what?
Gosh, it's this old house.
(worried) George, what's wrong?
Stop it!
(worried) Why you drink so much, my friend?
(stunned) Who was that?
That's what I get for praying.
Suicide.
You had me worried.
Hey, little fellow you worry me.
Bert, what's happened to this house?
Stop.
Stop.
Oh, he's scared now!
He sees the threat we present!
What the hell was that for?
What the hell is that?
Says who? (suddenly snotty) Says me.
What the hell are you doing here?
I hit the lights and she freaks.
That's frightening.
When she calls me now, she's a different person-she's frightened and vulnerable.
That's got to be scary for anyone.
(in Russian) Home.
Whose house was it?
Home Alone!
As if we're suddenly gonna have a run on Gatorade.
I'm gonna go to her wake.
Stop it.
My aunt freaked out.
It was an accident!
What, it's worse?
You're a snake.
(rubs his head) Awww.
(covering her chest) This isn't fucking funny, Dante!
So what's stopping you?
Done poisoning the youth for the day?
We should hang out.
Wait! Veronica...I don't think... (to customer) What am I worried about?
You're caught, and now you're trying to snake out of doing what you wanted to do.
(shaking her head no) I swear.
It's terrible!
The hospital?
(sighing) No, naturally (gesturing) they're not gonna tell you, because, well, you know, th--, sometimes the weaker ones will panic if you tell 'em.
(flinging up his arms, sighing) Oh, God! (looking around worriedly and touching Gail's shoulder) Do you hear a buzzing?
Is there a buzzing?
The anxiety of the man in the booth.
I'm dying!
I'm dying!
No? (shaking his head, his hand to his chest) I can't stay on this show.
(moving her fingers through her wet hair) I have a little headache from this weather.
(standing up from the table) You know, you've been very nervous lately.
I'm suffocating!
(gesturing, trying to talk over the band) Holly, I'm frightened!
Should I be worried?
(shaking her head) Nobody but you can do that to me.
Stop it.
(shaking her head) No, he hasn't.
And suddenly, neighbors were, were, pounding on the door, and-and I don't know, the whole scene was just pandemonium.
Gonna have myself a ball.
I'm afraid of heights.
What are you hiding ?
You're watching.
Did you hear me ?
That's why I hired you, Phil, to do my worrying for me.
And it will remain there.
I was a maniac.
Where the hell are you ?
But he is my attorney.
If you're afraid of heights, why do you get seats up here ?
These are broken.
Cop a what ?
I was afraid to hug you up there.
Stop.
Stop it !
If you don't have dreams you have nightmares.
That's terrible.
His partner's name is Chest Rockwell. . . .
You're fired.
You need someplace to sleep and to wash.
I'm nervous.
Hang out.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Dismissed !
That's bully !
He used to scare grownups with it.
Oh, I'm afraid it won't wait until tomorrow, Judge.
I believe that always makes a man a little nervous.
And you, Aunt Martha, still the high collar to hide the scar where Grandfather's acid burned you.
Have, have you been in an accident ?
Do you remember when we took the little Schultz boy to the movies and I was so frightened ?
My, how I've changed !
This is not your home, and I'm afraid you can't stay here.
You're hurting me !
Do you hear me ?
Operator ?
You buried him ?
They're both dead.
In the cemetery ?
Police !
Little do I know it, but there is a dope fiend with a long knife crawling after me.
I'm in great danger.
He's scaring the neighbors, what with that bugle and all.
The police ?... Oh !
Too dangerous.
It ain't only his bugle blowing, and neighbors being afraid of him.
I'm all confused.
Mortimer, we're really very worried about something.
Can you hear me ?
Hideous.
She takes it and they shake.
No cliche romantic kneeling down on one knee.
And this is bad?
She hangs up.
Sound asleep.
Who am I interviewing?
Stunning.
Besides... women who stay with men who cheat are women who are afraid to be on their own.
Mommy, I want to go home.
Has he? Mary shakes her head: No -- concerned.
She hits him again, hard... a wounded sound escaping her throat.
They shake their heads; no.
Does it mean worrying about him and his needs before me and mine?
And where'd I wind up?
Miranda holds up a mask of a ghoul screaming in horror.
Gonna take a little more than that to scare me after what I have been through.
And then I saw it...the only thing scary enough to scare me after the experience I'd been through.
A wind kicks up, autumn leaves blow.
And she needs a little eye work.
Do you miss him?
So, why are you not -- I'm afraid something bad will happen.
Steve and Brady are in bed... asleep.
Charlotte shakes her head: NO.
Sorry, Harvard -- I'm afraid you're going to have to make this decision based on your emotions.
Speechless -- She shakes her head: No -- she scoops up the dog and hurries away.
She shakes her head: No.
Stops.
Big is sitting across the room at a table -- alone.
Charlotte starts to panic as the WAITRESS (20's) comes over.
Hi, can I -- No, I'm sorry -- I can't stay -- Help me -- pull out the table.
I was going to get these to you.
Miss you.
He dies.
They watch him lay off a pitch an inch outside the strike zone.
BILLY shakes his head "no".
Would you rather get one bullet in the head or five in the chest and bleed to death?
You're worrying about me.
Do I look like I'm worried?
Will you please stop worrying about your father?
Can I worry about the airplane now though?
I gotta be honest with you, Billy, I wish you had a little more worry and a little more fear.
David Dombrowski's on 3. Sometimes you have to shake it up.
Why you worrying about my job?
I'm worried about yours.
Well you should be worrying about yours because if this thing we're doing don't work... neither of us have jobs.
It's a sacrifice.
So you gotta lay off the first pitch.
When your first pitch is a strike, your batting average goes down about 70 points.
When it's a ball, it goes up about 30.
I'm trying to get you to lay off the first pitch.
He's 37, he's scared shitless of being the guy who blows this winning streak.
Social?
I'm sore, man.
Beat up.
Crack!
Yeah... Crack!
Suddenly it's the Natural with Hatteberg.
It's excruciating.
What the hell was that?
The Visalia Oaks and their 240 pound catcher, Jeremy Brown, who's scared of running to second.
Because right here -- -- is what he's always been afraid of.
Divorced me.
What's his line?
Afraid?
(shouting) And when he walks with a lady, he waits for her! (stops) Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm just covering the Earl Williams story for Mr. Sweeney who had a sudden attack of something but will be all right by tomorrow.
Well, the cops let him alone as much as they can because he's harmless and they're kinda sorry for him.
He gets scared and goes into hiding.
He's crazy.
Hear that?
And I will be the policeman.
You've fainted!
How can you worry about a man who's resting comfortably in a quiet police station while this is going on?
(worried) Gee! Take a look, will you?
Here we go! (into phone) "In the darkest hour of the city's history --" (into phone) Listen, did you impress it on Butch that I want him and his gang here right away?
(looking up suddenly) Where's Bruce?
(sees Burns and is overcome) Oh, h-hello, Mr. Burns.
Excuse me, I just want to -- (starting for the desk, suddenly blocking his path) Quite a coincidence, my running into you tonight.
What did you do with her? (almost afraid to speak) What happened?
You been in a fight?
I killed her.
What are you afraid of Hildy?
(into phone; suddenly) But that's the jail!
(in a panic) Get out of here!
You're insane!
Arrest him!
And your arrest.
Don't tell me you were worried!
Worried!
Wicked.
It's in my pants.
Stop it.
You stop it.
Yeah, that was brutal.
I'm nervous, too.
That's so crazy.
We can hide this.
I'd hide you.
What changed for you?
We can talk about our fears here.
How can you fight with him?
You're being irrational.
And I don't want you to worry.
Did you hear that?
I am hormonal, I am terrified, and I am falling apart, so stop treating everything like it's a big joke!
I get the runs from the stress.
And who am I to stop you?
Is he depressed?
You depressed?
It's dangerous.
I'll stop, oh, please, please, please!
I think you're going to scare the other pregnant women.
That was her problem.
I don't think you have to worry about that.
Why are you so stunned ?
Hi, Mr. House, so... sorry.
I want to go to sleep.
Well, it's dark.
Larry, I heard a noise.
It's... It's dense a little bit, but, uh... Well, I don't want it to be too transparent, I mean... That's... That's something you're never gonna have to worry about, you know ?
With pants, it's-it's... what ?
That's crazy.
I'm scared, this is creepy.
Why are we stopping ?
Why are we stopping ?
Stop.
Stop it.
I'm fainting because the-there's...
I keep hearing noises.
She hides.
You shake him down.
I worry about you these days, Paul.
SECURITY GUARDS attack and pull him to the ground.
We see the whole bui1ding...Sydney starts to jump and the film suddenly slows down...
CAMERA pulls back as DONNIE and his dentist, DR.
HOLD on Jim for a moment, he panics a little and swings his REVOLVER towards Marcie: What the hell is this Marcie?
BEAT.
vBehind him a huge banner for, "Seduce and Destroy," whose logo is a scared pussycat and a large wolf with a big buldge in his fur.
He's dying.
Claudia's asleep.
Claudia is asleep.
I have so many debts, so many things, I have, I have, I have -- I have surgery -- I have my oral surgery coming -- What surery?
BEAT.
you kill him?
Why did you kill him?
Watch it.
Jesus you scared us!
CAMERA moves inside his chest.
BEAT.
It's over, y'know -- Jim Kurring snoops a bit, she rubs her nose, nervous.
BEAT.
The CAMERA pushes past him and over to Earl, asleep in the bed.
Does this sound weird?
It was scary though.
Make him live this life like this -- "A man of genius" gets shit on as a child and that scars and it hurts and have you ever been hit by lighting?
An old stomping ground --is this the "attack" portion of the interview, I figured this was coming sooner or later -- Is "the girl" coming in for the kill?
BEAT.
He's doing the interview with the lady -- I need you to interupt him, I need to get him on the phone with me right away -- What happend?
BEAT.
BEAT.
RICK is standing now....he VIOLENTLY throws a chair against the wall and it SHATTERS into a hundred pieces -- It's FLOODING with RAIN....Jim Kurring is without gun and he's scared shitless....and he can't see...and he's running for cover in some bushes....CAMERA is HAND HELD and wild, following and falling with him....MUD and RAIN and SHIT everywhere...... His POV...across a bridge...he sees the slight FIGURE as it flees.... (could be the Black Male, but hard to tell in a quick glimpse) he then sees another SMALLER FIGURE scuttle away...
HE IS DEAD.
Take me outta here, Mary...I gotta go, I gotta go home to Rose, please, please.
Suddenly and quickly it's over.
He hasn't been able to swallow the morphine pills so we now, I just had to go to the liquid morphine...
They want to impress people, the other person...or they're scared maybe what they say will make the other person not like them -- So you've done it -- Well I don't go out very much.
What I just said...y'know, people afraid to say things....no guts to say the things that they...that are real or something... ...yeah... To not do that.
I'm really nervous that you're gonna hate me soon.
BEAT.
He's paniced.
Scared shitless.
The falling FROG comes STRAIGHT THROUGH THE SKYLIGHT, SMASHING ...falls straight down onto Jimmy's head....the GUN GOES OFF Jimmy falls to the ground....GLASS FALLS from the broken skylight.... ...more FROGS continue to fall through it and into the kitchen and around Jimmy..... ...the BULLET into TELEVISION has sparked something and the SOCKET it's plugged into CATCHES FIRE..... Camera moves in and sees some SPARK and FLASH and FIRE started.... Donnie starts to climb up a ladder attached to the side of the building....near the loading dock area.... Jim Kurring is in the middle of the Frog Rain...he puts his car into gear and drives down the street.... ....about twenty yards later and he's out of it.... ...he pulls into the parking lot behind Solomon and Solomon.....it's not raining frogs here..... Kurring's HEADLIGHTS catch a glimpse of Donnie starting to climb... ...Donnie gets scared and FREEZES.... ...Kurring is oblivious to Donnie for the moment.
CAMERA (STEADICAM) follows ROSE as she runs up the stairs to Claudia's place and frantically BANGS ON THE DOOR... Inside the apartment, Claudia JUMPS and SCREAMS at the sound.... Claudia jumps up and goes to her door in the darkness and opens it up -- Rose comes in quick, scared shitless...they fall down and hold onto each other, sweatin/crying/shaking.... Frank lifts his head and watches the FROGS FALL outside the house.
Dixon starts to get nervous and well with tears...he shakes a little.... It's ok -- We gotta get his money so we can get outta here -- we gotta -- That idea is over now.
Rick is asleep.
You hear?
You've been stealing from me.
A scumbag... chasing dentists for a few bucks.
Operator...
They were degenerate gamblers, coke freaks.
He's jealous and worried.
What are you worried about, Pat?
Dead.
Dead.
(Sobbing) I'm not and he scares the shit out of me.
(Strokes his chest.)
Police!
Yeah, what's to stop him?
Do you hear me?
I will go to the police!
I'm afraid to let her in the house.
Oh, you are... I'm afraid she's gonna destroy stuff.
You ought to be afraid, the way you fuckin' treat me!
(He hangs up.)
(To COPS.)
You're under arrest.