The nice stewardess comes over to Holly, takes her glass.
A stronger mouthwash would be nice.
Victor.
Victor!
LIGHTS in the SKY cut through the SWIRLING SNOW.
Two ARMY (X) HELICOPTERS dance through the air towards us, and SET DOWN with a (X) ROAR, their BACKWASH creating a Yukon like STORM.
The others instantly join in.
Frank wears his BLUE WHITE PANTS as he gets out of the car and smiles r mother.
The Ticket Agent starts to la ,i12i12Y}ci12i Frank laughs with her.
You ally wrote the book on bank d, and that's good enough to make you F-4 { Frank slowly hangs up the phone.
Good luck, Mister Conno Frank walks into the airport, immediately goes to the MEN'S Frank opens his briefcase, pulls out his PILOT'S UNIFORM.
An ENGAGEMENT PARTY is going on - - A HUNDRED PEOPLE IN ELABORATE COSTUMES AND GOWNS.
Brenda, dressed in a mask and corset, is standing with some girlfriends -- showing them her engagement ring.
December 3, 1938, in Tampa.
Lavalier fa lives?
The family is eating di r together, and Frank looks surprised as Pappa La r brings a birthday cake out from the kitchen.
I said smile.
Come Monday morning, after It's because Monday's the last chance bettors have to climb We make the big money off our client list.
The Okie boys are 2nd-ranked going into this weekend and facing The elephant ambles by wearing a birthday hat, the bemused TRAINER A radio blasts scores and updates.
The din of greatness.
The state spends millions Let's start with an easy one.
TONI begins bringing John Anthony to life.
Well go on -- The ring of a phone begins bleeding in and -- You'll love this joint.
They win by three!
People start dancing.
G-something.
Because you can't make me any more proud of What about the farm though?
Tamara smiles her disagreement.
Zoe finishes pouring the wine.
Tamara utters her thanks, surprised at Zoe's kindness.
The female writers surround Nicholas.
He tops them up, full of charm.
She is gratified.
The evening light bathes her in a golden sheen.
Changing my face is the best thing I ever did.
Marry the girl.
That was Ben from Swipe! Ben!!POSY DRAWING Glen peers into the kitchen.
He listens to Nicholas as he serves them.
Glen's intellect wins the day.
Nice baby though.
He kisses her.
She kisses him back.
He comforts her.
They kiss.
s 2-17-89) The pull back shows Strack behind his power desk, talking nd Strack Julie smiles.
pull d distance that Peyton to such a great t man on Earth.
i rorr reflects his moves to a scorched andbi12heenm his face a nd and gauze from to the and ful -but In the photo, J is lbli teredaand scarched.i
succession.
edsoundeofnbonewst together r a h ving.
In the shadows, their eyeless heads are wrinkled and grotesquely life-like.
He smiles.
Below him, P426 the tiny city is a spinning blur of metal and asphalt and P426 glass.
One hand is freed.
Shrek laughs and goes back about his business and begins walking back to his cottage.
Shrek is getting ready for dinner.
He sits himself down and lights a candle made out of earwax.
He finally turns and spots 3 blind mice on his table.
Farquaad laughs as he walks over to the table.
It is the Magic Mirror.
Here we have some rules Let us lay them down Don't make waves, stay in line And we'll get along fine DuLoc is perfect place Please keep off of the grass Shine your shoes, wipe your... face DuLoc is, DuLoc is DuLoc is perfect place.
As Shrek and Donkey walk down the tunnel to get into the arena Donkey is humming the DuLoc theme song.
It breaks free of it's ropes and begins to roll.
Walking through a field at sunset.
Sleeping beneath a bright moon.
Donkey looks at Shrek with a new eye.
Donkey looks into her eyes as she pets his muzzle, and he quiets down.
Shrek is walking towards the windmill with a sunflower in his hand.
Farquaad's whole party begins to head back to DuLoc.
Fiona being fitted for the wedding dress.
They both laugh.
The whole congregation laughs.
She backs up and as the sun sets she changes into her ogre self.
She gives Shrek a sheepish smile.
Shrek manages to get a hand free and he whistles.
The congregation cheers.
Shrek and Fiona kiss.
They smile at each other.
Shrek and Fiona kiss...and the kiss fades into... ...their wedding kiss.
Shrek and Fiona walk off as the rest of the guests party and Donkey takes over singing the song.
Sidney stops smiling.
Sidney gestures to the Barman to make it two.
This is ALISON OLSEN (20s) smart, attractive, dressed in an elegant but no-nonsense suit.
He smiles at the Sexy Woman, hoping to get a laugh.
He produces the PHOTOGRAPH of him being held in a headlock by Clint Eastwood.
Finally... Sidney takes a deep breath.
The BARMAN arrives, stares at the bowl of fish disapprovingly.
Sidney smiles back.
Sidney stares at his feet.
Alison laughs again.
They smile at each other.
Sidney smiles tightly.
The others look to Maddox to see how he will react.
Maddox smiles dangerously.
Sidney watches her.
She begins to root through her bag.
Sidney watches, moved.
Alison dances back into the room.
Everyone stares at the wrap.
Alison ruffles Sidney's hair clumsily.
Alison stares at it, going green.
Alison stands awkwardly for a moment, smiling, then turns to go.
Alison smiles, touched.
She laughs.
He gives a little laugh.
Alison smiles, gives a little wave and walks away - before he can see how upset she is.
Beside her is the remains of a picnic, with lit candles.
Sidney smiles and starts towards her, then stops.
The two kiss.
Celeste marches to the Oprah's Book Club table and swiftly replaces the center display book with her own.
He smiles nervously.
Two large dudes, one dressed as Peter Pan, the other as Snow White walk by.
"California Love" by Tupac (or whatever song we clear) comes on and the cheerleaders start a routine.
A little more applause.
He's the only one laughing.
Wedding guests look uncomfortable.
Aha, right.
Mr. Beaver follows him Mr. Beaver laughs..
Peter has Lucy's coat in hand, but no Lucy.
Everyone laughs and embraces.
Walk through and see spring coming about and flowers budding as they leave there coats and head toward Aslan's Camp Peter smiles.
Aslan comes from the tent and the children kneel You have my thanks, but where is the light laughes Peter there is a Deep Magic that rules over Narnia.
Aslan lets go the other wolf Peter looks at Aslan in awe All embrace him and are excited about this Edmund is tied to tree as the Dwarf taunts him White Witch looks at the plans and then... Aslan's army comes in and there is confusion.
Edmund's horse rears Jadis arrives at the camp, Cyclops carry her bed-thingy...She hops down, and walks towards Aslan Everyone gasps.
The White Witch leaves.
Aslan laughs.
The coronation of the Pevensies began.
They walk up the aisle happily, and stand next to their cool chairs.
Aslan walking on the beach in the sunset Lucy runs out to the balcony and see him walking away she takes it and sees that Aslan has disappeared and begins to cry softly, her and Tumnus hold hands as she looks into the sunset.
There' esearch laboratory upat t2 -- tenet,] c research.
H a ''.t take bright light -- a ec sunlight.
And the most important thing -- never feed his after midnight.
Evening FUN-SEEKERS are replacing workers in the lobby.
Did you har q good meeting?
Great.
this is good.
Billy pulls out his building-shag plight and SHINES it at the Gremlin.
Several MONITORS fill with a MONTAGE t( '`IMAGES -- "beauty shots" of animals, sunsets, beaches.
, ' REVZSED April 20, 1989 Right.
I love M1Q !
Everyone tenses as Rand aims the squirtgun at Gizmo -- Dad -- o -- but the splash f ater hits Gizmo with no effect, and everyone -- includ i the stolid Mogwai -- relaxes.
Kate, liking the sound of i smiles.
They toast.
Excitement.
SARA, good-looking and excitable, arrives with a theatrical flourish.
Everyone scoots over to make room.
She laughs.
But she's smiling at him, and he can't help but return it.
But she isn't talking about Charles: she's looking across the room at STEVE, a good-looking guy who is talking to a GIRL.
They kiss.
The sound of KISSING.
Then: More KISSING.
Steve starts to laugh at the ludicrous situation.
Peter smiles 325	Out on the concourse, a few Zombies wander aimlessly, but most 326	On the upstairs balcony, Zombies again move toward the 327	The three creatures in the Administration corridor move toward 328	Fran can faintly hear the "whooping" of the men as she moves 330	In the corridor below, the creature walks into another office.
It is quiet for a few moments while Micky looks into her face.
Micky pulls up to an art house movie theater in another city, state (right next door), "hip" part of town.
And they're payin' us 25 grand!
Dicky whispers intoMicky's ear...Micky smiles, putshisarm around his brother.Sal LoNano standing behind thescale, hear a commissioner shout, "Neary,-- 9 stone, 13 pounds!"
(reading the slip) Thanks, Bob.
(excited) Where is he?
(smiling) Where are you, you free motherfucker?
(after a beat) (ignoring her) (laughing) (ready to kill) (seeing this) (smiling) My ass.
FRIEND..
[The boy starts to make a bracelet out of the herbs.
Going up to Lady Marke he hands her the finished wreath] [Lady Marke smiles and touches Tristans face lovingly] [In the Main Hall of Aragon, the assembled tribe Lords gather in meet] [A map of Britain is shown] [Scene of movement outside of the town] [A man bursts into the room] [Scenes of destruction outside the keep.
A maid holds the young princess comfortingly] Morholt returns.
Marke meets them] [Tristan floats in the sea, the ship no longer burning.
She sees Tristan bathing in the sea.
They kiss.
Inside the hut they make love.]
Everyone rushes to Tristan] How? How? [There is a celebration for Tristans return that night] [Tristan stares out into the night.
Marke puts on his metal hand for the ceremony.
Isolde fully dressed- floats down the river to the wedding ceremony about a decorated ship.
There is a celebration after the wedding.
Tristan watches their window from outside] [Marke kisses Isolde and makes love to her] [Marke and Isolde stand outside the keep surveying the town.
Finally in the marketplace Isolde is fed food by Mark and they laugh together.
Edyth sees Tristan watching] [Tristan walks off] [Marke lets her go.
Marke and his warriors ride together.
They make love together] [While hunting the boar Marke falls off his horse] [Tristan and Isolde bid each other farewell.
Back in the keep there is much dancing] [Melot approaches Marke] [Marke leaves Isoldes side, Tristan leaves and Isolde follows.
They hide in a room were they begin to kiss each other passionately.
Finishing his conversation with Melot, Marke seeks Isolde.
Later that night, Marke makes love to Isolde] [Tristan and Isolde are out in a forest clearing together.
Dancing happens at the coronation celebrations] [Tristan is pushed forward to dance with Isolde] [The dance ends] [Tristan leaves] [Isolde leaves] [Everyone leaves to hunt while Tristan and Isolde race to be with each other] [Elsewhere Wictred leads the hunt to where Tristan and Isolde are] [They kiss only to have the hunting party come upon them] [Wictred and King Donnchadh ride off] [Further away the Irish march towards Dor.
We see Tristan and Isolde back in the hut in Ireland as she reads to him] And true plain hearts do in the faces rest; Where can we find two better hemispheres, Without sharp north, without declining west?
Whatever dies, was not mixed equally; If our two loves be one, or thou and I. Love so alike, that none can slacken, none can die."
Legend says that Marke defeated the Irish, rebuilt Castle Dor and reigned in peace until the end of his days.
(beat) Not during the day.
Hey, lady.
I'm going to do that right now! Mom! Hi! I'll be right down.
Well, once you're inside, it's nice.
They made the best jam.
Your dad would have been happy with that.
(turning to her mother) That's why it's good you came to visit me.
I'm good.
Well, they were right out in plain view.
You're chilling, man?
(withdrawing anxiously) Have a nice day.
Hey, is she cute?
Well, I'd better be going.
Thank you.
(enthusiastically) Oh, it's so nice to meet you.
And they were the nicest people.
I had a wonderful time.
And they were so friendly those young men.
Your father, God bless him, wasn't much for traveling.
I'd love to.
I love you, Mom.
Rachel follows in her WEDDING GOWN.
They look beautiful.
Did my mom look happy?
Between his legs, good one.
Opening day of the International League Season.
Pride & joy in her eyes.
They kiss, embrace a last time.
They come together.
They Boy, this is good fish.
Everyone laughs; it loosens Walker up enough to sign.
As Robinson smiles and Walker scowls, we know... Send Dixie in.
Opening day.
Pleased at the cheering.
She holds the baby up to see, whispers to him... Okay, okay, that's good.
Freckled, cute.
I promise.
On a payphone in the CROSLEY FIELD CONCOURSE.
Rachel listening, smiling as CHEERS sound from outside the apartment.
He hasn't been up year for couple of years.
Withnail: Listen, we're bona fide.
I claps Withnail on the back.
He walks into the garden and after a little unearths a potato.]
[Later, the potatoes are peeled and ready to be cooked.
Great.
It is alive and looks round questioningly.
I'd have taken great pleasure in gunning this pullet down.
On my life Monty, this is the first time in six years we havn't slept together.
I know that Monty, I respected you for your sensitivity, I thank you for it.
And how dare you tell him I love you?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The cottage [Withnail is eating lunch at the table.
I do sincerely hope that you will find the happiness that has saddly always been denied me.
He shows it to Withnail] Withnail: Well done.
Withnail: Bear right, bear right.
That's the deal.
This place'll do for the night.
Get the book in the morning.
Easy, boy.
Dear God, it's growing bigger!
Dear God, help me... ahhh!!! Okay.
Everything's cool!
Then my lads, eternal life shall by ours!
Why ain't you a sweet little thing?
Your gonna learn to live me missy.
Excellent.
Load! Torch boy! Fire! Fire! M'Lord!
The book shall be mine!
Thou didst find me beautiful once.
Peace was made between the two peoples.
And a new nation was formed.
And I slept... ...And dreamed.
Um -- Love you too.
I would love to meet your kids.
Oh - that's quite all right, thank you.
Emily's college-age kids, a boy and a girl, smile warmly at herself when Lisa died!
Thank you.
David laughs derisively.
make this woman's to quote George Bernard Hi.
Green Revised 10/7/05 - Page 106 Thank you.
Can I jump in here?
On stage, the two women start singing the No.
There, that's better.
Thank you.
I'll listen for you buzzing over.
I feel too close to her.
We made love.
(laughs) I live in my car.
And this is the new project, Ballard.
It excited her, Ballard.
She enjoyed it.
Please finish your story.
Baylen, a detective, comes out of the inner office.
(goes into the inner room)
Keep going.
IAN MENDEZ, 7 and about to turn 8, is watching a movie on his bed.
Buddy-man.
Tony listens, staring ahead at the TV .
staring at the movie.
Crane down over the battlefield ... on a single red flower Mendez, lying on his bed with the phone.
This isn't what we agreed to.
Good.
A homemade sign that reads: THANK YOU CANADA!
Ambassador KEN TAYLOR is presented with a HUGE FLORAL BOUQUET.
Cheering crowds all around him.
The Cathedral?
The climb's a little tricky but it's worth it.
There's thousands of holds but you can't see them until you're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing... it's a bit of a act of faith so I'll go first... take off as much as you dare as there's a bit of a surprise at the other end...
Great tunes.
And I can sing Phish songs as loud as I like.
Great.
Okay but don't look and no grabbing now, if I do... Oh whatever, you love it.
This is a keeper so always have someone at the bottom to boost you out.
Listen, my friends are having a party tomorrow night.
Easy Aron, easy now.
Good evening Las Vegas... are you having a good time?
Are you ready for PHISH!
Pay fucking attention - look what you did? `Good morning America!' etc. Good morning everyone!
The weather is great!
Well, actually, I've resorted...I've had a couple pretty good gulps of urine that I saved in my Camelbak.
Did I say the weather is great?
Mom, Dad, I really love you guys.
I wanted to take this time to say the times we've spent together have been awesome.
Mom, I love you.
I love you.
Ready for lift-off.
A lot of really good people have spent time with me.
Very often I tend to ignore or dismiss their presence in seeking the He eats the essence of their presence.
Rana's face is remaining in huge on the inside the light.An of his head bag, smiling accelerating at him.
God, it's Aron again.
Then I will learn to act strange like them.have made clothing and copies of their money, Be brave, my .daughter.
As brave as my father.
I have simple tastes.
I give you Thank you, sisters and brothers of the Craft.
Geeze, another barfy new student.
Danvers, come in and park it.
It was the food.
Clark's a I have money to buy more, but I haven't had a Thank you.
You're very kind.
We have already attracted enough We'll bide our time and keep watch.
I can manage, thanks.
A hair dryer that makes popcorn!
I have super powers.
There goes my Pulitzer Prize.
Hey lady, did you see that?
The girl---dressed like Superman--caught that guy in You're alive!
It reminds me of home.
Give him to me.
Good.
Come to mama.
I brought you here so Great!
It's like I And now?
And now...the guitars are out of tune, and the words Feelings are real.
You're a good-looking girl.
Was I? Silly.
Good girl!
Better than when I was a child.
Cute thing you were.
(voice over) You're not going to win, Selena.
Wherever you are, Zaltar, thank 'you.
You've had your fun, Selena, the game is over.
I'll make it easy for you.
Please!
Help!
It's the most beautiful place in the universe.
Sounds O.K. to me.
As it is Written: Griffin picks up the book of the Law, kisses it.
Now, he stares at Dredd.
At the last moment, Hershey spontaneously kisses :,:mever.
Olmeyer makes his (X) deo_s.on.
Nice guy.
Then he laughed and hung up.
How did he sound this time?
He sounded fine.
Not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes would have laid on you, Rog, but it's all I got, and... (places hand on heart, leans over confidentially) ...all I got I share with you.
He's in VD and he's happy.
Look at that beautiful stuff... (gestures everywhere) ...lookit it!
Be generous!
(laughing) It's crazy.
Had a beautiful tan.
(smiles again) Must have gone home to mother.
Was he nice to you? Good.
They have lovely strong delivery boys who fight their way through sleet and hail and the gloom of night just to bring me my coq au vin.
Friends.
(closing his eyes in bliss and smiling again) Attaboy.
That's great, Forsythe, great.
Thanks.
Do I get a kiss?
Kiss, kiss?
Another kiss?
I'll meet you back there.
Hello, darling.
Do you want to make love?
Do you want to make love?
You will make love to me, won't you, Janine?
Won't you make love to me?
Please, pleasepleaseplease, Janine Janine JanineJanineJanine... Love me.
Oh, Janine, you're so beautiful.
Please make love to me.
I can't see anything... (in a mechanical whine) Make love to me, make love to me, love, love to me... (trying to buy time) I want to be able to see us, Nick.
Exist and have a good time.
(pause) Do I feel good, 'Nine?
Do I feel good to you? Oh, you feel very good, Betts.
You have such a cosy body.
I want you to make love to me.
Please, please make love to me.
Let's not talk any more, 'Nine, shall we? Let's kiss and make up.
This gets better by the minute.
You never were all that smart...let's go!!!
We got movement?
(to Hawkins) Ready, kid?
Good work, Mac.
Get the men ready to move.
Please.
She says...the jungle came alive, and took him...
Thank you, Sergeant.
He was a good soldier.
I've got the first watch.
He'll be looking for the trip wires.
'Demonio, cazador de trofoes...Only the hottest times of the hottest years...' Crazy things...This year is grows hot.
Past the rocks... can you see it?
(screaming) Billy!!! Billy!!! Get back, into the rocks!
But hey -- we make the best of it, man, don't we?
He ain't gonna let us off so easy.
I got you a present.
I've got more connects than you have, Lieutenant... Did I win?
Hey, Veronica baby, looking good!
They didn't want to hock the Host, they wanted to hock that golden chalice.
If the Mets win, it's thanks to Strawberry.
If Oakland wins, it's thanks to Strawberry.
Nothing can happen out there on the field that don't gotta do with Strawberry.
So here's to Strawberry! Can I help you?
They were young.
Great.
You owe thirty grand.
And they are good boys.
So listen, Father Listen.
I chose the second path.
The easier, path.
That's not good enough, I'll ask the shithead for 280 G for the kids.
280 G for the kids.
Listen to me, Sister, listen to me good.
Come on lady!
We have charity and love on our side.
Please.
Si, later... Thank you... Thank you, friend.
(grabbing money) Oh, that's enough for now, sir, thank you and... enjoy your stay.
127!!! Cuarto 127, pendejos!!!
(frantic) I'm new in town.
Thank you.
Good morning, Domino.
Pepino, Sunday.
And thanks for the drink.
I needed to relax.
I can... (smiling) No, it's alright, Finish up.
One beer.
Thank you.
I promise.
Mondays are my day off.
(into phone) Have you ridden the bike?
One beer.
Why will you help me?
Domino!!! We're leaving!!! Right now!!! She's gone.
Dinner is served, gentlemen!
BRIDWELL (arises, lifting his glass) One thing I will say for George, he keeps the best cellar in the south of England...and Mrs. Watchett is the finest cook in the world.
Relax, try to relax a bit.
(continues) I wanted to finish the job before the new century began.
Good!
The larger model can carry a passenger on a journey through Time.
- Not through Space, mind you, but through Time.
But the Time Machine is occupying the same space it did a moment before it went off on its journey.
You must remember that the space you've just put your hand through is today's space.
You can't put your hand into the space of tomorrow.
Now listen, George!
I'll take care of it first thing in the New Year.
Thanks for coming.
Happy New Year.
I began to grow fond of that mannequin.
There must have been an interval of peace in between these wars.
The fighting in the sky lasted only a few moments.
We'd better be going before the mushrooms start sprouting.
Listen to me! It's important.
WARDEN (points to sky) Look!
That's important!! Hurry!
The molten rock cooled.
I was free again!
No wars! - Had man finally learned to control both the elements and themselves?
Well, and why not?
(a pause, then a smile) Aren't you the least bit interested in what I am...where I come from?
Some have chosen to take refuge in the great caverns and find a new way of life far down below the earth's surface.
From the talking rings I learned how the human race divided itself and how the world of the Eloi and Morlocks began.
But what of me? - I was imprisoned in a world in which I did not belong.
(Patterson smiles) Forget him for now- it's your first ride to Tsavo- I think you'll find it breathtaking.
You know the most amazing thing about them?- they only sleep five minutes a day.
But I know God smiles on me.
(Starling, amazingly good natured, laughs.
And now-) STARLING (over) Welcome to Tsavo.
Excellent.
Thank you.
(shakes his head) This is more difficult- (eyes bright) -but how wonderful that it's difficult, it should be difficult- what better job in all the world than build a bridge?-
(Now from Patterson-) Finish your tour?
It's only being built to control the ivory trade, make men richer.
Who else would hire me? (to Starling) Beat you to it, didn't I? (beat) Oh yes, almost forgot- brought you a little welcoming gift.
I'd love the company.
What a good week.
Oh yes, I think so.
(Starling smiles, starts to speak) Look out, Samuel, here it comes.
(watching as Patterson opens it) Good news?
Do you love her?
(his wonderful smile) You give me hope, John.
(waving) Morning, friend, glorious day.
Excellent show.
(The smile is back) Genius- the beast will enter, tripping the wire, the door will slide down, trapping him, you, safe behind the bars, will have him at your mercy and will shoot him.
(louder) I am a man of peace.
Go and enjoy the splendid morning.
(nice smile) Then we agree.
(kind of surprised) That's very considerate.
(And as Redbeard laughs too-) You like him, don't you?
Oh yes.
I have a gift.
Thank you.
(points- hand out straight) Around there's a clearing- you'll know it from the anthills- get there and hide and listen to the sounds- I'll make the lion come directly to you.
(And he turns, never looks back, just goes) I think another for posterity- this is an important moment in my life.
(drunk) I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you came.
Actually, I could have done it much more easily without you, but for whatever reason, I'm glad you came.
You? Help finish the railroad.
But what if in the future the three of us do something grand for humanity?
(As he looks up-) Could you tell him that his wife- (catches herself, smiles) -that his family has come to see him.
What good is One of Taarak's blood can do much.
(exhilarated) Nice shooting Stepek, how are the rest of you guys?
Cheers and whoops.
Mine too, we must have hit a magnetic field or something !! Christ, now they're all doing it!!
When it's fixed, will you make more funny pictures for me?
Honey, why don't you go play with your toys and let Daddy finish his work, okay?
Eeeeeek! (Mechanical voice) Oh, nice job.
The first Earth-chick we see in ten years, and he's gotta make a play for her.
Uh, thanks man.
We laugh together.
(to Fiste) Yeah, well it won't be long now.
I'll marry you - but on one condition ... I want a Jewish wedding.
A Jewish wedding!?!!!
And never did there live a kinder, more generous man.
He is an overflowing cup, filled with the very cream of human goodness ... (to lawyer) See?in all the time I've known him, he's done immoral ... (thinking) unless maybe the Pre-Schooler's Prostitute ring Huh?!? (speaking gently) ... and he's ah, never done anything illegal ... (turning sharply) ... unless you count all the times he sold disguised as a (reverting to meekness) He's always been a good, law-abiding citizen ... (shouting at himself) Awww, gimme a break!! (gentle again) ... of the Federation, and, and ... (going schizo) Shut Up! Shut Up! Shut Up! (gentle, but starting to sweat) ... a community-concious individual, ah, ah ... (rising in crazed anger) (pointing as he screams) He's nothin' but a low-down, double-dealin', back-stabbin', larcenous, perverted Hangin's too for him!! Burnin's too good for him!! Hanover ...
(to other Regolians) Unco-operative humanoid, clik, blast him.
Oh, this looks good.
Thanks Hanover.
(to Taarna) Where you from, baby?
(running his hand across her breastplate) C'mon baby, let's see what's under there.
It was a great body, but I wasn't too crazy about the face.
(chanting softly) Uluhtec, Ulutec ... By the powers of the glowing Loc-Nar placed in your idol's hand, I demand you come forth, Uluhtec!
Time makes no diff- erence here, but there it was the summer of 1892.
Following its glow, I came to a shining gate made out of light.
(she stands up) But here, somehow I am stronger, more alive, (she stretches seductively) ... more fully a woman.
You saved my life.
I am Ard - supreme leader of the revolution and the next ruler of the world.
Excellent.
(standing up) ... but if you're really interested in the girl; I've had her encased in glass.
(calling out) Norl! (to Den) This is Norl, my bravest warrior.
Whoever gets the Loc-Nar first will return it to Ard.
As I saw the Loc-Nar's glow I had this real funny feeling.
But the Loc-Nar moved out of the way.
(smiling) Kill them.
Thank you, your Majesty.
(smiling) Stop!
Look, she's the Queen.
Wow! Eighteen years of nuthin' and now, twice in one day.
But - do me a favor?
Say others.
Easy, easy.
You look... Yes, I still like WINE ... ... and more.
Close it.
It's a beautiful dress...
How nice of you to drop in.
You have surprisingly good taste in men.
I'd love you to try it.
So sweet of you to come back.
God, that's enough.
That's it, baby.
Brothers.
He loved ME.
He...he loved me.
He loved me, you bastard!
He Loved me, he loved my mother.
You were HUMAN.
I see men in your life, honey.
I was a successful model once.
I was the Yoni Yum feminine-hygiene Dew girl from 1965 to 1970, but got laid off.
When I was younger, I hitchhiked one hundred and twenty-seven hours without stopping, without food or sleep, crossed the continent twice in six days, cooled my thumbs in both oceans and caught rides after midnight on unlighted highways.
My mamma's family, a lot of them, had lived out West, in the Dakotas, and one of them had married a squaw.
My pleasure in Indianhood and my passion for car travel might be incongruous if not mutually exclusive........
Take a load off those lovely tootsies.
Cheers!
And welcome.
I've always been proud of the way nature singled me out.
You were the Yoni Yum girl from, let's see, (peruses the ad layouts on the wall) from nineteen sixty-eight through nineteen seventy.
Oh yes.
(in ecstasy) This place is finer than the place I live!
So this is what it's like... so this is what it's really like.
It is the measure of Western Civilization that it can encompass in harmony, balance off, as it were, such divergent masterworks as A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM and THE AMERICAN DREAM, as the dome of the Sistine Chapel and the ceiling of the Paris opera.
And tonight... we can... really make love.
Well, that shouldn't surprise you.
Her whole being is extraordinary.
It's high time you realized, honey babe, that a woman doesn't have to give the best years of her life to Radcliffe or Smith in order to speak the English language.
Strap you down and pump the Nature out of you?
They don't have his juice in a jar in New Haven.
It's so loving.
She says it is up to women to show themselves better than men, to love men, set good examples for them and guide them tenderly toward the New Age.
God knows I love women, but nothing can take the place of a man that fits.
Ha ha ho ho hee hee.
Ha ha ho ho and hee hee.
I'm a friend of Bonanza Jellybean's.
Yip! Yip! Ha ha ho ho and hee hee.
Neither do I... ha ha ho ho hee hee.
It is a real thing, and is kept at the center, at the soul, of the Great Burrow.
Don't worry, be happy.
I'm prepared to win! Victory for every female, living or dead, who's suffered the temporary defeats of masculine insensitivity to their inner lives!
The sun's going down.
I have a lot to make up for, a lot to accomplish, and there's someone important that I've got to see.
Please!
The brown paper bag is the only thing civilized man has produced that does not seem out of place in nature.
More recently, the bag had held........ love letters.
God, but it's good to be a cowgirl.
But everything is also getting better.
Watch his hand.
I want to be in the photograph.
Beautiful.
One day when my mother and father were singing together in the forest, a great storm blew up out of nowhere.
But so passionate was their singing that they did not notice, nor did they stop as the rain began to fall and when their voices rose for the final bars of the duet a great bolt of lightening came out of the sky and struck my father so that he lit up like a torch...
(looking carefully at STEWART) Well you stopped combing your hair, which is a good thing, it was looking over done.
Yes Good, flatish land with reliable water, why?
The piano on the beach?
Well Baines the music lover, I never would have known.
Well Ada can play.
Shall I kiss you goodnight?
There's a way you can have your piano back.
It's better that you play.
I got the good wife for you Peini.
She pray good.
Clean.
She lives her own life in New Jersey, America.
Love me, nurse me.
(stiffly) Well, that is a strong opinion.
Two keys.
ADA nods again Good.
That is good, yes.
Is she more affectionate?
-sing up Billy! -Come on sing out!
Ada, do you love me? (anxiously) Come tomorrow.
They are playing your piano!
Mama, we can play cards together.
Mama! Look out!
They sit on his floor as proud as Kings, but without a shred of manners.
She does not play the piano as we do Nessie.
Your playing is plain and true and that is what I like.
Do you like me? Do you?
You will not see Baines? (ADA nods) Good, good.
I trusted you!
I trusted you.
(whispering) ... my love bird.
Ohhhhh my love You are feeling better?
There was no sound, but I beard it here (he presses his forehead with a palm of his hand).
I love her.
No, I love her, we will be a family.
(It's too heavy - the canoe will tip over.)
My will has chosen life!?
I teach piano now in Nelson.
HAROLD is calm.
(at the end of his patience, blurting) (delighted) He turns out the overhead light.
A moment later, HAROLD lets himself and LOOSELEAF in again with a key.
LOOSELEAF is jangled by the adventure.
(quietly) He laughs idiotically.
(thoughtfully hefting a broadsword, admiring its balance and strength) HAROLD does not respond.
(roaming the room again) (to his portrait) (pleased with the room) (sees the cake) Blackout.
She is as cute as Shirley Temple.
(all look at her) (believing him) (pleased but careful) WOODLY enjoys the joke and the blooming friendship.
This stings WOODLY to a cold, peace-loving anger.
LOOSELEAF starts to laugh.
LOOSELEAF starts to laugh again, stops the laugh as HAROLD glowers.
(both laugh) WANDA JUNE punches him in the ribs.
Peace.
PENELOPE kisses LOOSELEAF.
VON KONIGSWALD, pantomimes that his companions are to be quiet and to listen for something wonderful.
Itis not gonna be that easy.
Hand me the dykes.
Preparations are nearly completed for the upcoming anniversary gala celebrating the formation of the United Nations.
NEWSCASTER (contid) Ellis Island, once an arrival point for thousands of immigrants crossing the Atlantic with the hopes of a better life, will open its doors again.
The whole world will be watching.
So as their leaders went, so did follow the hearts and minds of the people of the Roman empire.
Which made for some very happy Christians.
Good morning, Logan.
Youire among friends.
But, I do better on my own.
What are you going to do with her? Rogue is a beautiful girl, with an extraordinary power.
Deal.
CONTiD) While the Secret Service has never had difficulty handling one or even several world leaders, it has never had to handle the daunting task of watching over all of them.
He helped you?
We were friends once...
Why did I have to be like this?
HELP ME.
I do love a good check mate.
Come with me and Iill let her live.
Can you help him?
Welcome to the future... brother...
CYCLOPS (contid) I want to thank you for taking me in.
You have taught me everything in my life that is worth knowing.
(smiles) Uh-huh.
Everything is fine other-wise.
ANDY (voice over) Let's do it again, folks !
BILLY (in sign language) Thank you.
ANDY (voice over) Okay, Boris, get everyone ready.
Fiesta !
I promise.
FIRST POLICEMAN (voice over) You're right.
Please.
It's safe in the can now.
You... Oh, my God! Tastes sweet.
That was close.
Fine, fine.
They're closed.
Good evening, gentlemen.
Good evening.
Your English is quite good, Mr. Larsen.
Thank you.
Please.
I'm surprised his men gave up the film so easily.
I saw a woman tied to a tree kept alive while her arms and legs were cut off.
Right... Right... Right, sir.
I'll give Dad your best.
Trust me.
Trust me.
Your sister was brilliant.
It would be a pleasure.
Well, the next time I read about him, it better be in the obituaries.
He was a great man.
If kids had voted -- (cheered by this) -- We would have gave E.T. everything!
Your man is alive, Lieutenant.
(electrified) He did? (excited too) I thought he was going to sit up.
(to Ford, Dunne) I'm starring in that sonofabitch's home movie -- and the Oscar is thirty years in the slammer.
(from TV) -- Stay tuned for more of: Best of Geraldo!
We'll find your friend O'Malley.
You helped me, okay?
I'm grateful.
First of all, I ain't no fucking invalid!
Help?
I'm on her ass right now -- (pulls out to follow her) Mount up, boys.
Are you kidding -- he's gonna love you.
Me and my son are visiting my mother in New Mexico.
That's funny.
Well, the next time I read about him, it better be in the obituaries.
Good morning.
Here is a lovely assortment of African bush babies.
Yes, well... Pick out a nice one for me, a friendly one, and I'd like it delivered tomorrow.
Well, how nice to see you again, Elena.
You're looking wonderful.
How nice to see you, Hyewood.
This is my good friend, Dr. Heywood Floyd.
Well... How's your lovely wife?
She's wonderful.
Well, Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you.
Thank you.
It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you... Dr. Smyslov.
Thank you.
Well, whatever's going on up there, he's going to arrive fresh and ready to go.
(voice echoing) Well... thank you, Dr. Floyd.
By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill.
The only thing about it that we are sure of is that it is the first direct evidence of intelligent life beyond the Earth.
Four million years ago, something, presumably from the stars, must have swept through the solar system and left this behind.
The moon would have made an excellent base camp for preliminary Earth surveys.
Thank you.
And so this is the first sun that it's had in four million years.
Radiation detectors noted and analyzed incoming cosmic rays from the galaxy and points beyond; neutron and x-ray telescopes kept watch on strange stars that no human eye would eever see; magnetometers observed the gusts and hurricanes of the solar winds, as the sun breathed million mile-an-hour blasts of plasma into the faces of its circling children.
All noticed the peculiar burst of energy that leaped from the face of the Moon and moved across the solar system, throwing off a spray of radiation like the wake of a racing speedboat.
(absent but friendly) Great.
David... again we want to wish you a happy Birthday and God speed.
There's nothing wrong with it at the moment.
Good morning.
Good morning.
He was an excellent crew member.
I have the greatest enthusiasm for the mission...
The square root of pi is 1.7724538090... log e to the base ten is 0.4342944 ... the square root of ten is 3.16227766...
Honest to God.
MARTY (grinning) It really is for your birthday, though - try it on Brady.
Go to hell! MARTY (smiling) I love you, Janey.
Blessed art thou among women... HALLER (low) ...and blessed is the fruit of Thy womb.
Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners now...now... Stay off the bandstand, Herb.
There will be a requiem mass for Brady Kincaid this Sunday.
To our love for each other.
We can heal each other.
They better get the guy.
Hand me that adjustable.
The guy killed your best friend, drove your girl out of town, and stole the second-best holiday in the year.
Hand me those pliars.
Singing soprano with the Vienna Boys' Choir.
But I want this to be our secret.
Good.
I've got to go, Nan- I had a wonderful time.
It's because no crazy shithead should be able to stop the good guys, if you can dig that.
MARTY (respectfully) I can dig it- thank you, Uncle Al! Thank you!
It's great!
One of the reasons I love you, Marty, is that you're almost as crazy as I am.
UNCLE AL (grinning) Have a good time, dear boy!
And watch out for the werewolves!
MARTY (soft) Here's one for the good guys!
GIRL (muzzy voice) Whowuzzit?
MARTY (with feeling) It sure is! Well... it's a lot easier to swallow without the hair and the foaming jaws.
JANE (quietly) In the made-up stories, the guy who's the werewolf only changes when the moon is full.
I give up.
MARTY (smiles) I love you, Jane.
JANE (hugging him) I love you, Marty.
JANE (voice-over; no more than a whisper) I love you, Marty... good night.
(to mike) Ready sir.
(from radio) I say nice and simple now.
You do that real nice, Pancho.
Wait for the green light.
Those painters are out of the way.
...Lear 9 Lima Kilo number 2 for landing -- wind south 20, altimeter two-niner-niner-two... Nice fellow this Luis Comacho.
Happy birthday, momma.
(in Italian) Happy birthday, Molly.
Listen goddammit!
It's momma's birthday!
She deserves better'n this! Hey, Tony.
Oh sweet Jesus.
Happy birthday.
Bow to your master!
Bow to your master.
Here, make yourself crazy.
Some woman with a fantastic voice was callin' about comin' over this weekend ta help you with somthin', and then the tape went nuts.
I got better things to do than play with toys.
He was a good cop, but he ain't now.
The guy was a hero.
Marvelous.
(pause) Listen.
Thanks.
I'm looking for your nephew.
Meet Ruthie.
Beer?
Comes so easy to you.
Nice to see you out with the boys for a change, Sarge.
(gently) You were a good cop for a lot of years.
What's the score?
(smiles) But Kosalas's next.
You made that uniform look good.
That good looking gorilla next to me is Eddie's father.
The sun comes up.
(surprised) Hello, Felix.
Cusack made off with a truckload of armour.
Cool it kid.
Don't you fuckin' tell me to cool it.
I'm glad you don't follow orders.
Does Chloe kiss as good as I do?
Don't forget the big drawing today to see who gets our FRIDAY THE 13TH Monster Surprise: either a man's digital continuous readout watch or a Panasonic color television set!
(with a wink) Be an interesting summer.
Thanks.
Welcome to Camp Crystal Lake.
The others show up?
Looks good.
Perfection.
Did you meet Brenda?
This isn't your cup of tea, hunh?
I'll be grateful.
Next Friday.
I'd like to look good.
God, but I love that sexy talk.
Thanks.
Get ready for the schneider.
Can I help?
The way I feel, that's perfect.
to be a good cook.
God, but I love that macho talk!
Holy shit... Don't get up.
You saved my life.
Thanks.
Who played the role of Gorgon in Star Trek?
I've dreamed this dream.
The sounds gets louder.
I call it my shower dream.
Best over... Umhummmmph.
I have six new counsellor up there.
It wouldn't look so great if he fell over them.
Good point.
Good night, Alice.
Good night, Brenda.
When the sun comes up tomorrow, you'll smile.
Bill! Bill? (continuing) Help! Help! Jack! Marcie!
Help me!
Please.
(filtered) Help me, mommy... save me... please, mommy... please, mommy... help me, mommy... save me.... (cocking her hand to listen) I am, Jason.
Thanks.
Dude, get wisdom.
Vingt huit, vingt neuf... Good sign.
Younger the better.
You're so sweet.
Now! NOW!! Sit! DOWN! Browning!
Alex. Alex! Easy, man.
things for a moment.
You're payin' for my trip, Browning!
When he's better; you and me, road trip to the City.
Thank you.
But when we say this, we imagine that the hour is placed in an obscure and distant future.
And they say that he got crazy once and he tried to touch the sun.
Hey, look! "Coffee" starts with a "C" and ends with an "E."
Baby, come on... not now.
Everything here reminds me... of sending Mr. Murnau back on the plane... Right, I'm hoping a change will help...
I lived here my whole life and wherever I looked were great memories, you know... but now all I can see is Mr. Murnau... those kids.
Oh... mom's favorite.
You can make fun of me.
I loved them so much.
A place where me and my dad and my mom... are still together....and have no idea about this second life, here.
With you in my life... that place, right now existing in our hearts, will spring out... and become a real part of this life.
Please tell me I'm gonna get to see the Jets win the Super Bowl.
Is he alive?
A beautiful boy.
When the baby was born...
Science has made great strides.
Tonight, Dr. Edgar Vance, forensic psychiatrist and author of the New York Times best seller "Human Health: The Whole Being Breakthrough".
I've long believed that in order to achieve true health, we have to reconcile the body and the mind.
He was human.
That's a good point.
(smiling) You're weak, aren't you?
Don't worry, Captain Sunshine.
(re: the comicbook) See, good old Brain Stoker, he wrote a nice yarn.
The original Serpent in the Garden of Eden.
And just like the Great White shark, he's never had to evolve.
Can we sign you up for a Nightstalkers secret decoder ring?
We can bring the old world back.
No longer as pure as you pride yourselves on being.
I call 'em sun dogs.
(to Hedges) Hedges -- super-size me, baby!
Doesn't do us any good if we don't have time to finish it.
(defensive) Old habits -- I was a good Catholic school girl	Once.
Why? I'll make you a better one.
Why can't you just be nice?
(dryly) Thanks.
But I'll enjoy it more.
God in Heaven -- What was this place?
Scout's honor.
(smiling, playing along) Okay, King, where did they put this tracking node of yours?
(with a smile) Then allow me to accommodate you.
Well done.
(beat) We'd finally won.
Cumberland and Hale finally got their body -- -- but it wasn't the one they were banking on.
(beat) But that's what heroes do.
For relaxing times, make it Suntory Time.
For relaxing times, make it Suntory Time.
Hey- you're Bob Harris- you're awesome, man.
Yeah, I love Sunset Odds! BOB Oh, Ok, thanks.
It is a big honor to be invited to his show.
Can you stay until Friday?
(everything's fine) Good morning.
(line from commercial) For relaxing times, make it 'Suntory time'!
25 years... that's a long time... Are you still in love with your wife?
I was... actually I was in love with her sister first, when I was twenty-one.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Promoting that action movie I did... ...doing like twenty million interviews a day... It's soo good to see you.
It's amazing there!
So great to meet you!
Hi, nice to meet you.
Oh, c'mon, she's nice.
No, I thought it was funny.
Press - Hi Charlotte, I don't know if you're in town... but I'm having a birthday party for my dog, Louise, tomorrow night, at my house around eight... fabulous time in Japan!
How exciting, and hope you and your adorable husband are enjoying it...I was sitting next to Cathryn Myles last night at this dinner and she was telling me about her daughter who had this awful boyfriend and a messy break-up and how hard it is,and now she's single and wants to start a family, I'm so glad that you're settled, and not in that situation.
Call me, I love you.
It was great.
So the lot is the image that is your inheritance, your place on earth, all compacted into a pattern that has been selected by your soul before you even got here- or better said, that is always and continually being selected by your soul,because time does not enter the equation of myth.-
Ok, have fun there, you're so lucky you don't have any kids yet and you can go off to Japan... call me when you get back.
I love you.
I love you.
(awkward, but glad to run into her) Hi.
Did you have a nice swim?
(smiles) Good.
Good...
Nice to meet you.
Hello, darling.
Lydia, I went to this great house tonight, this guy designed and built, you would have loved it.
He was playing all this great music- I have to find out what it was...
Well, you have to have something for breakfast.
Ok, well...
I love you.
I love you, too, good-night, or good- morning .
Good-night.
My fax said "have a good fright".
Let's never come here again, because it would never be as much fun.
Did you see Hiromix last night dancing with Bambi?
You're possessive.
Does it get easier.
Thanks.
And marriage, does that get easier?
Did that help?
We used to have fun, she used to like to go to places with me for my movies and we would laugh at all the weirdos, but now she's tired of it all.
(getting tired) No one ever tells you that... But, it's great being with them, after they can talk, and can do things with you.
Where'd you grow up?
(sarcastic) Great.
It's Bob Harris... I'm not going to be able to do that interview today.., yeah... ok.... Yes, I'd love to stay to be on his talk show... sure.. ok... bye.
It's for my daughter.
Oh, she'll love it.
Nice one.
I love you, bye.
(nodding) I enjoy the sport.
Good Evening.
That'd be great.
Thanks.
Well... have a good flight.
We had a nice little talk.
Pss! Pssst!
(Excited) So I can have these?
Family keepsakes.
Then the same man with a girl beside him whose smiling face can be recognized as MARIA.
You good-for- nothing!
One times five, five!! (The class repeats with the TEACHER, in a sing- song chorus:) TEACHER and CLASS Two times five, ten!
Five times five equals...? (COLA turns to her with smiling eyes and answers blissfully:) Christmas!! (Sternly) What are you doing here?
I've come to see the film.
ALFREDO laughs.)
You good-for- nothing sponger!
The Neapolitan's won the lottery!!! Let's go see, kids!!! Northerners are always lucky! (The whole audience leaps up and heads for the exit.
Laughing and Joking.
It tastes wonderful!
Fraaaame!! Wake up, Alfredo! (SALVATORE tries to do a hand-binding.
Holy Mother!
He mumbles:) Good thing Germany's closer than Russia.
Reacts:) Ssssh!
ALFREDO smiles.)
Wonderful!
You don't believe my words, but you'll have to believe your own eyes!...And now get your ass off that damn stool, boy! (Mysteriously) Go to the window, boy, and have a look... Alfredo, it's beautiful.
The movie!! There's Toto!! Hurry!
Hurry!...THANKS, ALFRED0000!! Good for you, Alfredo!
Go to bed!! (To ALFREDO) Sound!!! Sound!! Alfredooooo!! What do you say, should we make them happy?
The square's mine!!! Come on, kids, no joking around here!!! Otherwise... Heeeelp!
Run for your lives!!! Alfredo!
Progress!
TERESA'S VOICE (Off-screen) (A loud laugh) Lemon juice?...That's a new one for you!
...There you are! That's right, that's right!
Nice- looking.
Loaded, luxury and easy living!
(Laughs.)
(Smiling) Elena.
(Smiling) Is there a woman?...Tell me the truth... (SALVATORE is shamed, uncertain, doesn't know whet to say.
She had big blue eyes, a simple expression and a little beauty mark on her lip, but really tiny.
And when she smiles...She makes you feel... Eh! Love...what a mystery!
ALFREDO'S sympathy does him a lot of good.
ALFREDO runs his hand through his hair, whispers:) I understand you, Toto...The ones with blue eyes are the most beautiful.
Whatever you do, you can't make friends with them.
(SALVATORE is comforted by the way he talks.
Because love is a meaningless thing when a man gets it into his head to do what he wants... (SALVATORE is touched by his sensitivity, by his intense, passionate, sweet way of speaking.)
What you say is wonderful!
He does his best to overcome his confusion, but all that comes out is:) Nice day, huh? (A gust of wind envelops them in a cloud of dust and a clap of thunder rends the air.
ELENA laughs, amused by the blunder.)
Yes, nice day.
(SALVATORE laughs too.
'Nice day'!
Well, look who's here!! Cecil B. De Mille!
Free entrance and payment on the way out!! Sssssh!! (Off-screen) Salvatore, my darling, here the days never end.
(Half shutting his eyes) In a film it'd already be finished... (Smiling) ...Fade-out and cut to a nice thunderstorm!!! Huh? that'd be perfect!
Day after tomorrow morning.
You'd better go.
Good, this way we can finally talk.
Don't act that way.
Wait for me Thursday at the Cinema Paradiso.
One day'll be more than enough...So tonight, please set up tomorrow's film, so the projectionist who is coming will find it ready.
Cheer up, Toto.
In company it's better.
We want OUT money back!!! Heeeeey!! Bandits!!
Radio Operator Di Vita Salvatore!
Di Vita Salvatore, get ready, your discharge has come through.
Toto, take me to the beach.
At the Christmas party the lieutenant pinches a girl's ass.
Each of us has a star to follow.
Listen to this one...The commander says to the sergeant: 'You remember that windmill that used to be there?' 'Yes, sir, I remember the mill's gone but the wind's still there!' (And he bursts into nervous laughter.
She's beautiful!
Who knows how many Salvatores must be running after her... (Smiling) One or two.
(SALVATORE also smiles, but a puzzled smile as if what she has said had thrown him off-guard.)
too...) Are you happy?
Boccia... (With a bitter smile) What's he do?
We met at the University in Pisa.
But in the end I won... (SALVATORE is unable to smile.
Now her smile Jades away.)
ELENA strokes his hair, as if to restrain his sinking heart, gives a sweet smile.)
The last time we saw each other, we made a date to meet at the Cinema Paradiso.
(SALVATORE laughs at the absurdity of it.
He was very kind, he listened carefully, then... Easy, easy.
It's better for both of you if you don't see each other... (YOUNG ELENA gives a start of resentment, listens with surprise.)
It's the first time I've had to chance to tell the story.
But I dreamt of you for years!
Karen enters the room as the ANSWERING MACHINE picks up, the voices of a happy couple on the GREETING (in English): "Konnichiwa!
She's staring at the ceiling, listening to -- -- SOUNDS coming in through the open bedroom door.
Matthew comes over, kisses her.
I promise.
He turns back to Jennifer, giving her a kiss.
Her face softens, and she smiles.
Beaming at him.
Susan looks disconcerted as she starts walking down... Then we hear the SCRAPING SOUND again.
(Karen nods:) And you have been volunteering at the Health Center for...? Three months.
(remembering:) There was a book in the closet, too.
Karen watches and listens through the crack: IN THE HALLWAY: the men speak with hushed voices.
She draws a breath -- -- it's a photo of THE HOUSE.
I love you.
Karen stands before it, staring up at it.
MARIA (early 30s) has changed from when we first saw her -- she wears a revealing outfit, and her natural beauty now smolders beneath the surface.
(sarcastic:) Make yourself at home.
Thank you.
He made coffee for us.
Please.
Listen - Joey's here.
Better hurry, Doc.
And lighten up.
That is the story of my life.
Look, lady!
Right ... That's ... er ... that's nice of you, Terri.
First time.
I love boiling water.
This is great.
I read a book once.
But it's a fascinating subject.
Did you ... Great view!
Great view!
And it got better.
Everyday he'd watch the pigeon.
Everyday the pigeon would watch him.
Learn that there was one more thing he had to do to make the rescue complete.
It was his final act of love and part of him knows that and part of him doesn't yet.
And I award it to a woman of exceptional beauty.
There're lots of girls here who look better than ... Don't do that!
Thank you.
I very much enjoyed talking to you and I hope that if I'm ever in town you'll do me the honor of (sqwaaaaalk) In your dreams, pal.
Oh ... (whispered) Goodnight, Terri ... So cool ... Radical.
You've got great taste.
You saw the working of the world in miniature.
That had nothing to do with the world.
It has everything to do with the world.
And our dreams of how it will succumb to us.
You enjoyed the girl?
Good.
Good.
Thank you.
I hope I can show you how grateful I am.
Put her heart and soul into it.
Look ... Terri, listen.
(a beat) Why don't you come here and kiss me?
Yes! God, yes.
You're so beautiful.
Kiss you.
C'mon, babe, come to daddy.
Let me make it better.
The other is the key to dreams.
And smiles.
I'm his friend!
Lady, trust me!
Happy are they who come to my supper.
Spirited.
Good.
I'll enjoy making you enjoy it.
I'm not really here ... Oh, no kiss of welcome after 70 years?
This will be so good, Joey.
You loved him, didn't you?
Have you seen what they did to me? Have you seen what they did?
Welcome home soldier.
Thanks.
Nah I'm fine thank you.
Hey it's my pleasure.
Good man, good man and a good sheriff.
Thanks for the ride.
Can I help you?
You come over here and gimme a hug.
You look great.
Happy?
Good.
Thanks man.
When you left town it gave me the idea that I should do something with my life too so uhh I went down to Seattle, got a guitar and became all about music.
Ended up doin 2 years for B+E.
I been clean and sober for 14 months, doing construction and renewing those supportive and healthy friendships from my past.
That's cool man.
Welcome home.
Good to be back.
See ya round.
I'll introduce ya to some nice girls, drinks are on me.
See ya tonight.
Hey Sarge, good game.
Welcome home buddy.
Heyyy, the dream team!
Nice place.
Welcome to my world.
(To the croupier) You're good, but I saw it.
Well it wasn't Chris.
I'll do my best Mr Vaughn.
Thank you.
He's gonna be fine Michelle.
Thanks.
BEAUTIFUL flowers!
Thank you, they're for my best friend.
When I was a kid goin to visit you at work, the smell of that fresh-cut cedar.
Mmm I remember a lotta nice things before the mill closed.
Mom I'll be right back.
Been better.
Sunshine and pine trees.
Been readin these books, teach you how to cultivate happiness.
Treatin you good?
Lot better than it treated you.
Chris listen to me.
This is a sweet plea, normally they wouldn't even put it on the table but your military record can't be ignored.
Your honor, I'd like to plead my own case.
Thanks sheriff.
He's clean.
Chris, listen.
No I'm good man.
Much stronger.
The mind controls the body after all, and we're doing wonderful things with the mind.
He's still strong.
(as in "what's that?") Spirit?
Much better, much higher.
Please!
By a better soldier, sir.
My father said he'd heard it was better in the Trinity moons.
People had to pull together and make the best of it.
One good thing...nobody bothers us.
You can see... Whatever looks useful, if we can get a rope to it, we'll go for it.
Thanks, partner.
(then, with great effort) I'm not a good soldier.
A simple "Yes, sir" will do.
Everybody voted.
A landing party.
No... but he's our friend.
Our good friend.
At ease! Let's calm down and remember...remember we're soldiers.
You! Thank God!
OK I'll call you, babe.
Thank you.
My God, Brooke.
We should go out and celebrate.
The little boy a little girl fell in love with.
Oh my love.
Promise?
Thank you.
My love.
My family is my world.
I thought you'd be pleased for me.
That's brilliant.
Mind my business is on the video.
Bless.
Relax Mister C. Out is way.
Well that's better.
Old) Wow.
(laughs) Ain't you got one online?
Your greatness.
Brave Mister Caudwell.
(kisses his teeth) You could had her anyways if you'd asked me nice fam, swear.
for this gift of daily bread we thank thee oh Lord. .
Bacon fryin' for breakfast.
My brand: Costmart's own! (smiles, then, to Austen) All I need to know is where your brother Jaden is at the moment, Austen.
Told because I was proud of ya brah.
Massive proud.
Fix dad's tea.
Story #4 `Mea Culpa' Won't be long.
Thank you.
Good, old fashioned paper.
Please.
Please . . .
I promise. . .
Story #5 `Jeremy Bentham' . .
Cheers!
So welcome back and if you've just joined us welcome: I'm talking to Chris Marlow, the barrister who represented decorated Afghanistan para veteran Shona Barnes earlier this year.
You do what they tell ya an' you're all cool, babes.
A teensy weensy respect would be nice.
Babes come on.
Friends with benefits.
Friends with benefits.
Slow and steady wins the race, babes.
That's right beautiful. . .
The voice man!
Home is here in Grandma and Grandpa's new house.
(continuing) Good-night, Danny.
I know this sounds crazy, Harry, but I love him.
Tonight's the night and the place to be is the First Annual Harvest Faire.
Growing stronger.
Peace.
I showed them ... Relax, John.
What are they teaching in college these days?
Another episode of 'Daddy Knows Best' at the Strode house.
I-it's a baby -- my baby.
Dr. Loomis, thank God you're here.
She's not the last night.
An old friend.
Great.
I've come to help your family.
I only thank God that I found you before he did.
Come on, Mom.
God in heaven.
Then where's her baby?
How does it feel knowing you've finally pulled Halloween out of the closet?
(into mike) Yo, Harry, it's great!
Our generation will not let the powers-that-be control our minds, dictate what clothes we wear, what music we listen to, or what holidays we celebrate.
I'll make friends with my soap on a rope.
Danny, run!!! Danny, come to Mommy.
Mommy!!! Danny, help me!
The baby -- where's the baby?! Please!
Now! Where's the baby?! He's gone.
(continuing) Wynn!!! (continuing) Run, Tommy!!! Run!!! No!!! Mommy!
Danny, where are you?! Kara, no! Danny, no ... please ... Mrs. Blankenship -- Oh, God -- Hurry.
Where's the child?
Yesterday happily retired, today right back in the thick of things.
And soon we will have a new progeny.
Jamie's baby ...
As ageless as this celebration which you call Halloween.
And I'm its deliverer.
You've created a monster.
Amazing, isn't it?
Framed photographs on the wall tell the public story of her life.
The engagement to Kenneth, their wedding, the birth of the twins, Kenneth's graduation, Kenneth as a sixth grade football star, Della on the farm in Ohio with her horse, a really young Della playing baseball with her father.
Mommy can I get an American Girl for Christmas?
I want a raptor dinosaur, Mommy.
It's only three days until Christmas.
She gives them each a kiss, breathing in their scent she loves so much.
Where are you going, Mommy?
Yeah Mommy, the one about the pirates.
Tomorrow night I'll read you the best bedtime story in the whole world.
I promise.
She smiles.
The words "Mommy, we love you" are written across a cloudy night sky like big stars.
Thank you, Tammi, it's wonderful.
She smiles, then looks at the house and lawn and the Christmas tree.
Scene 11Page 7 12 12 13 13 14 14 15 15 16 16 I'll get right on that Kenneth honey.
The car flashes past the decorated sign for a local school.
Patricia Ellis says he's the best looking guy in Pleasant Valley.
But be willing to walk.
We have a wonderful Christmas Special on offer at Macy's.
Scene 36Page 21 Thanks.
And a chocolate biscotti.
You left to marry some handsome jock and we never heard from you again.
Great for the kids.
Scene 40Page 24 Why that's fantastic.
Listen Della, it's been great talking to you but I have to go get my hair done!
Merry Christmas.
Holy Night.
Holy Night 44 44 Good Lord!
We got a song fo' yo.
And smile, playa.
First you put yo hands on my ride!
Sleep in heavenly peace.
This boy loves weed so much he tried to marry Juana.
Don't want to play nice?
Madre de Dios!
The juxtaposition between the hard core rap music and the serious vibe that Vinh is sending out shows us that this is really important music to him.
Vinh transfixed by the music.
It plays out for a poignant moment.
Chuckie shines the flashlight at the foot of a big rock.
Her footprints disappear at the big rock.
They begin to ascend the rocks.
She can see ahead where the rocks end and the trees begin.
Her hand grasps the last rock at the top of the gulch.
She huddles in behind a rock.
Makes a run for it.
Then, their eyes meet, like for the first time.
It catches them both by surprise.
He smiles.
He lays the flashlight on the ground and turns the lens to point up through the trees and into the sky between them.
Chuckie smiles.
What now? Chuckie smiles, brings his teeth back into a scary, feral grin.
He brings up his hand, gun clutched, pointed and ready.
Della surprises him and us.
He smiles.
No, they're beautiful.
Any way, it was capped by an elaborate headpiece with a carving of the sun at the top.
When you placed the Staff in a certain spot in this room, at a certain time of day, the sun would shine through a hole here in the headpiece and then send a beam of light down here - to the map - giving you the location of the Well of the Souls... ...where the Ark of the Covenant was kept.
Why, it's right here... Good God! Yes.
Oh yes.
And they'll pay.
(smiles) Good work, Marcus.
They don't call him the Wild Boar for nothing.
In the shape of the sun.
This doodad must be pretty important.
You can trust me.
I trust you.
Give me a kiss.
Good evening, Fraulein.
Good evening, Dr. Jones.
A radio for talking to God!
(quieter) When the time is right.
(smiles) You have not changed.
I am not finished... (reading) "And one jamir to honor the Hebrew God whose Ark this is."
(to Amir) A home run, my friend, grand slam! (to Indy) We have a saying - "A little luck is better than much smartness."
Indy, pardner, you are very lucky fellow.
Where are the Germans digging for the Well of the Souls?
Thank god.
Holy smoke, my friends!
I am so pleased you are not dead.
I have a feeling I'm not the first woman to travel with these pirates.
(takes a drink) There are some things you can recapture in this life, but that isn't one of them.
You saved my life.
Hi. Oh, Indy! Thank god you're here.
(grins at her) Okay.
Whatever you do, don't touch it.
You've done your country a great service.
Good, good.
Thank you again.
Come morning, those shutters are going up.
He's gaining on you so you better look alive.
Cool beans.
Nice to meet you, man.
Nitrous-oxide injection system, forged aluminum pistons and crankshaft, higher flowing fuel pump.
I thank you for coming.
Be proud of your enemy: then his success shall be yours, too.
You're human.
(with a smile) Barely.
Mr. Stevens works with the National Institute of Health.
The virus replicates within the human bloodstream, evolving its host into an entirely new life-form.
I'm giving it to you.
He's been alive longer than the others.
Poppa's got a brand new bag.
Wired together a couple-dozen of those puppies.
First team that makes contact wins the prize.
NOW! (aghast) God in Heaven.
Each day is a little life.
You created him!
That's better.
Providing them with samples of your genetic material -- helping them with the Reaper program.
And two -- (raising the detonator; smiling) I switched that dud of yours back with the real one.
cover me with your love Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir!
Science was never one of my favourite subjects but I sure with Dr Scott could have made it today.
Who knows...ha ha.
Didn't Betty look radiantly beautiful.
Everyone knows Betty's a wonderful little cook.
I really loved the skilful way You beat the other girls To the bride's bouquet.
The river was deep but I swam it.
FAMILY (Riff & Magenta) Janet.
I love you.
(Jumps off) FAMILY (Riff and Magenta) Janet.
FAMILY (Riff and Magenta) Janet.
I love you.
There's three ways that love can grow.
Oh - J - A - N - E - T I love you so.
Oh!......It's nicer than Betty Munroe had MAGENTA (Peering up from behind pew) Oh Brad.
Now we're engaged and I'm so glad.
BRAD (briefly kisses her) I love you too-oo-oo.
There's one thing left to do-ah-ooh And that's go see the man Who began it FAMILY (Carrying coffin) Janet.
When we met in his science exam It - Janet.
I love you.
I love you.
What's the matter Brad, darling?
Oh... You'd better sit here and keep warm while I go for help.
(she unbuckles her seatbelt) Besides, darling, the owner of the phone might be a beautiful woman and you may never come back.
Are you - giving a party?
We don't want to interfere with their celebrations.
Don't get strung out by the way that I look.
I'm just a sweet Transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
I'm just a sweet transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
Why dont'cha stay for the night "night" Or maybe a bite "bite" I could show you my favourite obsession I've been making a man With blonde hair and a tan And he's good for relieving my tension.
I'm just a sweet transvestite From Transexual Transylvania.
"Sweet Transvestite" From Transexual Transylvania.
It's too nice a job to rush.
You are very lucky to be invited up to Frank's laboratory.
I'm dressed up With no place to go.
Rocky needed peace of mind.
That's no way to behave on your first day out.
But as you're such an exceptional beauty I'm prepared to forgive.
I just love success.
And soon in the gym (ROCKY sits on horse) With a determined chin The sweat from his pores As he works for his ca-ha-hause Will make him glisten - thank you - And gleam.
And with massage And just a little bit of Ste-he-he-he-hem...(laughs) He'll be pink.
I can make you A ma-a-a-a-an...(laugh).
Stay cool baby.
Whatever happened to Saturday night When you dressed up sharp And you felt alright It don't seem the same since cosmic light Came into my life and I thought I was divine.
I used to go for a ride with a chick who'd go And listen to the music on the radio.
A saxophone was blowing on a rock and roll show And we climbed in the back And we really had a good time Hot patootie Bless my soul I really love that rock and roll (four times) My head used to swim From the perfume I smelled.
I'd taster her baby pink lipstick, And that's when I'd melt.
Hot patootie Bless my soul.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie Bless my soul.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie Bless my soul.
You know I love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie Bless my soul.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie		HOT PATOOTIE - Bless my soul.
BLESS MY SO-O-OUL.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie		HOT PATOOTIE Bless my soul.
I LOVE THAT ROCK & ROLL.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie		HOT PATOOTIE... Bless my soul.
I LOVE THAT ROCK & ROLL.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie		HOT PATOOTIE... Bless my soul.
BLESS MY SO-O-OUL.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie		HOT PATOOTIE.. Bless my soul.
I REALLY LOVE THAT ROCK & ROLL.
I really love that rock and roll.
Hot patootie		HOT PATOOTIE... Bless my soul.
BLESS MY SO-O-OOOUUL.
Mental agitation - an excited state of.
I was feeling done in Couldn't win I'd only ever kissed before (to Magenta) You mean she only ever kissed?
Thrill me, chill me, fulfil me.
Then if anything grows (she laughs) While you pose, I'll oil you up And rub you down Down, down down.
Thrill me, chil me, fulfil me.
Thrill me, chill me, fulfil me.
Thrill me chill me, fulfil me - oh - Creature of the night.
Great scott - Scotty - Dr Everett Scott.
He was a Science Teacher at Denton High.
That's better.
Excellent.
But it seems our friend here has found a way of perfecting it.
You'd better wise up, Janet Weiss.
You'd better wise up, Build your thighs up.
You'd better wise up.
You're a hot dog... My God!
You drain others of their love and emotions.
Well, I've had enough.
It's not easy having a good time.
Magenta, I am indeed grateful to both you and your brother RIff Raff - you have both served me well - loyalty such as yours must be rewarded and you will discover when the mood takes me I can be quite generous.
And you shall receive it - in abundance.
BALLROOM (including STAGE)	NIGHT It was great when it all began I was a regular Frank fan.
It's beyond me Help me Mommy I'll be good you'll see Take this dream away What's this, let's see I feel sexy What's come over me Here it comes again.
Und my life will be lived, For the thri-i-i-i-ill... It's beyond me Help me Mo-ommy.
God bless Lilly Saint Cyr.
My my my my I'm a wild and an untamed thing.
Your heart'll thump and your blood will sing.
So let the party and the sounds rock on.
So let the part and the sounds rock on Gonna shake it till the life has gone.
Your life style's too extreme.
I'm your new Commander.
At best, you're Employee of the Month for the highest bidder in the Solaris auction.
What a clown.
Listen -- We're done.
I love you.
Do you love me?
Day and night.
It designs, it creates!
Can you meet me and Sartorius on B deck in an hour?
Good.
(smiles, teasing) You know, I've decided: I'm just gonna believe what you believe about this whole Solaris thing, it'll make life so much easier; the little wife agreeing with her big, strong husband.
This is hilarious: He thinks it's God, but he wants it to sit still for a photograph so he can show the folks back home.
I am...? I'm glad.
Then it was politics, which seemed best of all, you had an actual gift for understanding the best pattern for a group of people to be arranged for you to achieve your goal.
I love you.
(reflexive, but genuine) I love you, too.
That's fantastic.
Why did you agree to come here?
He's figured out they're made of subatomic particles called neutrinos, and he's going to create a negative neutrino field.
I love you.
She knows she can't leave here -- Get out -- Oh, this one you love?
Thank you.
I love her.
She's willing to give her life, you're willing to give yours, it's touching and magnificent, anything you want but -- this isn't the place for it.
And it's done something we've never been able to do: create a perfect human body.
A God whose passion is not a redemption, who saves nothing, fulfills no purpose.
Please.
It's better this way.
I know that you loved me, Chris.
(beat) I love you.
Your new housekeeper.
I'm real excited about working for you Mr. Matthews... Well we're glad to have you, Marjorie.
This is gorgeous.
Great, now I've opened an orphanage too.
He's a cool lookin' dog.
Let's have him hop up here.
What's a lunch cost these days?
New town, new school.
That's the new kid.
Let's get out of here... (calling after him) Hey! How was your first day at school?
Is this a good spot?
We better go.
You're grounded, buddy.
What's the deal?
Kids've been going out there on Halloween night for years.
I did it when I was young.
He has it in him to love us both.
Here's the best part.
Well that's great, Geoff.
Drew, buddy.
Hey! Saved by the bell... Can I sleep over at Drew's tonight?
Yeah... that's fine... (beat) Listen, Drew, I got the tests back on Zowie.
You'd be so much more interesting with blue eyes... I'm immortalizing a poodle.
Drew, buddy!
Go Mom! Go!!! Mom!!! ... Friends and neighbors came to pay respects for Drew and Amanda Gilbert, who died in a head-on collision Saturday...
Geoff, dinner's ready!
Clyde Parker was last seen on Saturday afternoon.
I'm getting things ready for Mom.
The same way Drew and me brought Zowie back... Geoff, this is crazy.
I love you.
Here it comes, buddy!
(back to Charlie) Happy dinosaurs.
He's their age, handsome but not annoyingly so, with a friendly, Good day?
Nice to meet you, Alan.
Great.
Your theory on raptors is good and all, but isn't all this conjecture kind of moot?
what John Hammond and InGen created are theme park monsters.
we're good to go.
That's right, two of the very best I could find.
I told them you'd be happy to see them.
Putting on a friendly smile, Billy goes up to them.
Well sir, I am a great admirer of yours, and I have an extremely interesting proposition to discuss.
It's be my pleasure.
Inspiring.
Thank you.
If you like I can refer you to a number of highly qualified... No, no, see Dr. Grant, you're the best.
Well, I'm no aviation specialist.
Sounds bigger.
Her new boyfriend.
A friend.
We were vacationing.
You wrote that book...
And we were better prepared and better armed.
Excellent.
You look good.
Here, give that to me.
(excited) That's him.
Hang on buddy!
Are you ok, buddy?
Here, get ready.
He's alive!
Well that's good.
Thank God for preservatives.
This is how you play God.
Head for the trees!
(Listening) He's this way.
He's not a kill, he's still alive.
Where's Grant?
(off surprised reaction) I read both of your books.
Mine's new.
Honey, there's not enough spit in the world for that.
Please, okay?
(finally) You're no better than the people who built this place.
(glancing back) We'd better do this one at a time.
Nice and easy... Mom? Oh, my God.
It should have been me on that beach back there, not Billy.
Jump! Swim for the far shore!
He loves you too.
Listen to your mother.
Good thing I've been swimming, huh?
That was a fun day.
It's worth another shot.
Do me a favor.
(excited) Mom! Dad! Helicopters.
(yelling over) Dr. Grant! Helicopters are coming!
Having a good time?
That's good... "which rock to turn over"... that's very good... Well, gimme a call whenever you wanna cut off my head... ...I can crawl around without it.
(studying Meurice) ...Friday?
Friday night is Yankee night.
...Marty, I'd like you to meet an old friend of mine, Debra.
Thanks.
Nice guy.
Howdy stranger.
...What's really going to be funny is when she gives you that innocent look and says, What're you talking about, Ray, I haven't done anything funny... ...But the funniest thing to me right now is that you think she came back here for you--*that's* what's funny.
So how do you know it was a he? (smiling) You got a girl--am I screwing something up by being here?
Well... I'm not gonna put you out of your bed...
Let's do it outside... ...in nature.
Idnat wild?
So now he's got two busted flippers and I say to him "Creighton, I hope your wife loves you.
Test of true love-- Got a job for you.
Listen, I'm not--this isn't a joke here.
Now why should I trust you?
That's a right smart of money... ...In Russia they make only fifty cents a day.
...Good floors.
Lorraine is up there dancing her heart out, and if you let that cash money set on your hip, you might just as well be broke... Thanks, Meurice.
And remember, gentlemen, we're always here, two to two, A.M. to P.M., three hundred and sixty-four days and Christmas, God willing and the creek don't rise... He's in the house.
Psychiatrist said I was the healthiest person he'd ever met, so Marty fired him.
(murmuring) Thanks.
When you don't they're usually nice.
(dully) They look good.
It'll look fine.
Can't have it both ways.
Tuesday is ladies' night.
Tuesday night is ladies' night.
I love you.
I better get off now.
Okay, see ya... Thanks, Ray.
(smiling) ...You're bad too.
And hey, I love you too.
I love you too.
Meurice-- You don't look too good.
I meant it... when I called... ...I love you too.
See, Wednesday's the special on RC Cola.
(continuing) Yes, her first was successful, a Brother was born.
Please... What is it?
Please...
He's special.
You should be proud.
POV, baby's view, in an operating theatre.
The baby is placed on linen blankets and cleaned by a nurse.
They both approach the baby.
You will teach him.
We see the baby close.
There are two tiny fangs protruding from the otherwise smooth gums.
We see Augustus smile.
(continuing) Welcome to the world little Brother.
Queen's Imperial Winter Residence, The Pacific Colony 100 years later We see a city, seething with smoke from coal fires, steam from engines, alien distorted Victorian spires are silhouetted against the moody, moonlit sky which is literally filled with dirigibles and strange flying machines that seem Victorian, of the industrial revolution, but that are also strangely futuristic.
While the houses are beautiful, they're run down.
She picks up a toy; a pink fairy princess with wings, the paint on its face worn.
She picks up a framed photo which sits on a sideboard next to the bed.
It shows a perfect face, serenely beaming out; it could be Silus or Augustus, except this man is dressed in religious regalia, like a priest.
The poster says "The Brotherhood loves you.
It was a Brother.
It was a Brother did it.
(continuing) He deciphered that the Brothers were a new race of beings, sent by god, to serve and protect you.
Augustus looks at the child and tries to smile.
Thank you Captain.
Until 3 weeks ago, he was a trusted and talented theologian and scientist.
(off) Please.
Why are we listening to this?! Quiet! (off) Good.
There is a square, Bridge Square it's called.
He's to be taken alive.
The small square is dimly lit.
At it's center is a small park with distorted trees.
Then she looks up to the surrounding buildings.
And Edgar was successful.
Hello my Brother.
He looks similar to Silus, perhaps not quite so perfect.
Edgar is smiles.
We will help you if we can.
Help me?
How can you help me from that?
Good.
Edgar looks at his brother for a moment.
Then he smiles.
You've chosen to watch over her.
Finally he stands there; poised tensile steel.
He smiles.
Music emits from a stereo, loud.
Help me.
Help me.
Steph stares after him.
As he watches, Lilly moves, as if she's having a dream, her hand grips the gun beneath her pillow.
For a moment Silus stares at her. Stares.
Then a sound.
We zoom into his ear as he listens.
Silus smiles.
It's as if he is meditating.
It is the wailing of a new born child.
In it is a baby; it's eyes stare up at Silus with wisdom beyond their years.
It is a miracle my Brother.
Silus watches the baby carefully.
In my first year as quarterback, we went on this winning streak.
It didn't matter who we played... I'd always win. (beat) You get superstitious when something like that happens.
Good.
It gave me peace...
I have seen the patterns in them...
Well publicized ones.
Do it now please.
At the church...
He's got the most beautiful eyes...
(beat) But I appreciate your healthy cynicism in the manner.
It will be wise for both of us to proceed with greatest caution.
(beat) I was thinking, it might be nice to go to dinner together.
CLAIRE(mouths) He's cute.
I'm very happy about this.
MEGAN(soft) Goodnight.
Thank you.
DAVID(soft) That's great.
-Jeremy listen to what- -Don't be scared.
Joined a rugby league.
(beat) They turned him into a garden variety hero later... Then he was brave all the time.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
He's doing well today.
(beat) He's been through a lot in his life.
When I saw it this morning.
The rain streams down over his face, running into Say, buddy...did you see a real bright light?
The pay's the same but you'll make more in tips.
I did you a favor.
(smiling) Hello, sweetheart.
(grinning broadly) Heeey!
It's my favorite Sarah.
Hi, babe.
'Bye beautiful.
Great.
So what if he has a Porsche, he can't treat you like that...it's Friday night for crissakes.
You still love me, don't you, Pugsley?
See ya'.
You and Matt have a good time.
Listen carefully.
I'm here to help you.
Good cover.
Grown for the cyborgs.
We spotted them easy.
It'll take your mom a good hour to get here from Redlands.
You're safe.
(quietly) He'd better be.
(exciting) Watch him.
He's got that strength.
Didn't you say that they're going to develop this revolutionary new thing... Molecular-memory.
That's brilliant.
I love you.
I love you too, sweetheart.
You must have had a fun child- hood.
That's good.
It's mind boggling, the pos- sibilities...Disneyland, the beach, movies...matinees with popcorn and foot-long hot dogs... Hot dogs?
Listen to me! (continuing) Move! Reese!
Move you ass! Come on!
And maybe it'll be enough if you know that in the few hours we had together we loved a lifetime's worth...
An inner sanctum.
Raoul is cool.
I met him at the tables, same as you.
And frankly, I'm grateful we have a little muscle right about now.
You're welcome.
Peace out.
It's still a good plan.
But for once in my life I had a good idea, and I'm not giving up so easy.
(Burnham sways) Come on, Buddy.
One more hand.
There is not one thing funny here.
Hey, she's still a smart ass, excellent sign.
Okay, you just gotta calm yourself down, that's all, just stay calm and your adrenaline will go back to normal and you'll be fine.
Close?
Please... What?
Good.
It's gonna be cool, kid.
Good for you.
And still, every time I pick up a fresh hand I swear to God, the rush comes so hot and prickly I feel it right down to my toes because this time, this one time, it might be there, this time it might be that hand, that perfect hand, that monster hand.
Congratulations.
You saved her life for ten minutes.
Monster hand.
I mean, uptown is close to Dad's place, but somebody at school said the Village is really cool, so...
I don't know, it's so great to be close to the park and everything... What do you think, I mean, give me a clue, here, where are we gonna live?
From us? (laughs briefly out loud) Hey, why not?
I'll do that tomorrow morning.
Don't let it spoil your good mood now.
Did I tell you, you looked good tonight?
Weren't those semiquavers in the presto incredible?
You're proud of him, huh?
Thank you.
(laughs while acquiescing) Yes, that's true.
(Reacting when she places the egg in his egg cup) Thanks.
It was really good and I don't want to wait long for it.
Helllloooo!!! Cuckoo!!! I'm here!
Leave me in peace!
But Geoff's already been there few times, and he loves it.
Liz is at boarding school and John is living his own life.
Life Geoff.
Is he good?
(with a little laugh) My God, you know him, don't you?
Do you love him?
(with a little laugh) It's funny.
It gave me a feeling that you loved each other, and that we'd always be together.
It's nice to have you back, Mrs. Laurent.
Thank you, Mr. Mery.
Thank you.
"To the movies", I said, because I was proud that my grandma had given me the money to go all alone to the cinema.
Listen to this! My horoscope.
Love: High-class conversation is what you need.
Work: You're motivated again.
Health: Loosen up by doing exercises.
His grandchildren were there.
A lot of people had to stifle their laughter.
With deep gratitude, your former pupil, Martin.
Please!
Thanks.
Come on, darling.
My love.
My darling.
Calm down, darling.
With pleasure, sir.
Thanks.
Thanks.
(insistently)...Sur le pont ... ... Ssssur... ...Sur le pont... po ... pont ... sss ...Sur le pont ... Sur le pont ...Ssssur le pont (smiling to encourage her): ... Sur le pont d'Avignon... ... ssur... le .. ... pont... Sur le pont d'Avignon... (he begins to sing): Sur le pont d'Avignon on y danse, on y danse, sur le pont d'Avignon tout le monde y danse en rond... Sur le pont d' Avignon, on y danse, on y danse ... (singing to encourage Anne, accompanied by the sounds that she produces): Sur le pont d'Avignon on y danse, on y danse ... Sur le pont d'Avignon tout le monde y danse en rond ... ... there we are...now we're all beautiful again...so everybody will admire us...there...you see... wait... Well?... What do we say to that?
Good for you.
... Please, open your mouth... go on... open it... Anne! Please!... come on... stop that!...
Good.
You two have your own life.
They thought it would do me good to spend the summer with kids my own age...
I had made a secret pact with Mom.
Thanks.
Our work is still highly experimental... but you may be helping people in ways you can't begin to imagine.
I'm a regular hero.
Thank you.
Hey! Yo, over here!
Do it, Star.
That place is red hot.
You're strong, you can read... you didn't kill us.
Good enough for me... Skynet runs the machines...? So who's this John Connor?
Good.
Please.
You're good.
No! You're doing fine.
Food!
It's good!
Couple of kids.
They're surrounding us.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Whatever you do, don't move.
Good to see you.
Who's your friend?
He saved my life!
Winning your trust would aid his infiltration.
Worth a shot.
One thing I know, you're alive-- and you've got a right to live.
Thank you.
You're a good soldier, flown a lot of missions... Why in God's name would you help a terminator escape?
He's human.
What friends?
Twinkle, twinkle, little star... Oh no, oh no... Shh, keep singing.
Don't worry, soon they'll have you as good as new.
We're very lucky.
Advanced Nexus of Genetic and Electronic Life-forms... A-N-G-E-L.
You're alive, you found us.
Welcome to paradise.
Calm down, Marcus.
Please.
SERENA (cont'd) Listen to me.
It's called happiness.
Pure ecstasy... we can share in it together.
Good news.
But you're alive.
(a half-smile) So to speak.
We've been ordered not to talk about it-- the hybrids, everything about that place is top secret... Yeah, simpler to keep it man versus machine.
For the first time in my life, I felt... right.
It was heaven.
Her name was Sarah... she was... amazing...
We can't keep him alive much longer.
Please.
Great.... Hello!
You must be feeling invisible in your daily life and it's coming out in your dreams.
It started this way.
That's where I met the guy.
ALLEN'S tabloid interview, at the end, after Okay, ready to roll.
Well, the first month's free.
That's what the man says.... ...You look good, you'd do great in an interview.
Join a group.
Sounds fine.
Playing chess, and having a picnic!
Can I help you?
You can stop living out of suitcases and fix Oh, and you can go and enjoy your life in What's that supposed to mean?
We've had a good life.
What was your mother's favorite book?
We both should have written these things down.
That's why I have a diary now.
Good.
In the dream a prince comes from the sea... ...and lives with me and my old father.
Call 911! Guy Klucevsek "Loosening up the Queen" I have a genius IQ.
They'd love it.
If I had enough money I'd be happy.
Tahitian choir A. Corelli Concerto VII Prokofiev Romeo and Juliette There's two choices for me right now.
Incredible weather we're having.
I thought that giving it all up and taking care of my old mother would be the simplest life possible.
My dear husband, bless his soul THE BASTARD.(with a twinkle in her eye) He was very good to me..
Have a good day.
Convertible with young bleach blond, mom in back... ..mom in back... Heroic mall facing darlings.. Hasty Scotch preceding flick... Young dad with ponytail driving, baby shotgun, back from beach... Normal cantilever... ...short of awe... Give style to Sunset Blvd.
l'art sans past...
And the stages float to meet the warm light talented...heady slap... My time is mine again.
slap, talented, heady... ...breaks on not finding form... ditched glue...laughter pulling Orion...Wrist on loan... ...bowed to & clean... secret cycled from...the obvious...lodged style hawked from home...searing material lush as trash... Ludwig van Beethoven - Piano Concerto #8 in feet lifting heavy ball...to shoulder in backward world...lovely cart...lucky... faucet of distant lakes...bad swath forever poor... Haydn - String Quartet: "Sunrise" Identify Have a light?
I'm going to see my daughter's dance class.
Fat is funny.
Better you than me.
ALLEN and TONY AAhhhhhhhh! Bocherini - Concerto in G Major ANNOUNCER MONTAGE (v.o.) 6.6 officially if you have been sleeping all morning.
There's no love in the world!
This makes me happy to know.
We have to start meeting like this.
I'm happy for 	the the first time in years.
I'm prepared to make you a generous...
Mr. Cohen, give me a moment... Max, good!
Great.
So they pulled me off of him and calmed me down.
It will be worth itfor both of us I promise.
Looking forward to it.
It's the only way to get into the flow.
Have you met the new fish my niece bought me?
The more I see you, the more I see myself thirty years ago.
My greatest pupil.
(Awed by the coincidence) Amazing.
(Proud of himself) Yeah, like take the Hebrew word for, say, the Garden of Eden, Kadem.
Then take the tree of knowledge...in the garden, Aat Ha Haim, it equals two hundred and thirty-three.
It has a beginning and it grows and changes through time.
(Laughing) Shh! C'mon, Farrouhk.
Shh! Baby! Come here, baby!
That's Ephraim, my friend.
Great... Lenny, I don't really want to do... Do it for me?
You've inspired the work we do.
I met one in the coffee shop.
That's good...
Excellent.
Pythagoras' greatest contribution was the golden ratio, which ended up influencing art and science for thousands of years, arguably all the way up to today.
au can continue squaring the rectangle, over and over again, making the rectangles smaller and smaller to infinity.
The Pythagoreans loved this shape because they found it everywhere in nature.
It really is amazing.
I'm so Happy... Look what do you want for the chip?
Happy birthday, Euclid.
I'm this close.
We had a deal!
You're not gonna save the world.
(Passion building) Yes...it's The key into the messianic age.
The heavens opened up and took the key from the priest's outstretched hand.
I saw God.
It's more than God... it s everything.
It's math and science and nature... the universe.
It will show God that we are pure again.
He will return us to The Garden.
Garden?
I'm going to see it!
Can I help you?
(Courageously) No. No. I'm ready.
Music is playing.
There's a bulletin board of fashion tears and pictures of young starlets- Rachel Bilson, Lindsay Lohan, Audrina Patridge, some Victoria Secret models.
She smiles.
She has a sly Cheshire cat smile.
He smiles and gets in.
(teasing him) He smiles mischievously.
They pull up to a nice suburban house.
She pulls out a thick stack of cash and smiles.
Rebecca smiles, and flips her sunglasses from her head, over her eyes, as she lowers the roof.
They drive off, blasting music, their hair blowing.
They're having the time of their lives, styling each other and picking stuff out.
Rebecca smiles at him.
Music plays as Valley kids hang out, smoke pot, play beer- pong.
Chloe, marry me!
Chloe talks her way in with the cute Mexican door man, ROB.
Chloe laughs.
Across the room, a blonde starlet air kisses the D.J. RICKY, 45, the sleazy club promoter stops by their table.
He smiles and moves on.
Marc lies on his bed thinking about his cool new friends and lifestyle, a little smile goes across his lips.
Marc puts on a pair of pink heels and runway walks for the girls who love it.
Chloe makes herself a cocktail.
Laughing, they run down the hill behind the house.
Rebecca, Marc, Chloe and Nicki are having a great time on a busy night at the club.
The others are decked out in stuff they got from there as well.
They're blasting music, high from their night.
Marc's feeling good, listening to music and putting outfits together in his room, American Gigolo style, laying out combinations on his bed, holding things up in the mirror.
They listen to music on the club professional sound system.
She holds up a big bag of coke and smiles.
Rebecca and Marc drive around singing along to their favorite song, high, having the best time of their lives.
When the song ends, they play it again...and again.
They take bumps and keep going.
We see a blonde, with a hand on hip pose, then she turns and look at the cameras over her shoulder.
Then there's an interview with reality T.V. star, Audrina Patridge: * Revised Blue - 03/16/12 35.
She's in a bikini in one, a sexy dress, a skimpy naughty Halloween costume.
Rebecca smiles.
He tells them how great they look.
Nicki and Sam dance in front of the computer screen watching as they film themselves.
We hear dreamy, almost ominous tonal music as they dance instead of the club music.
CLOSE UP: pan over his beautiful, gorgeous things.
He gives her a kiss on his way out.
In the bright light, Marc, Rebecca, Sam, Chloe and Nicki strut down the street with big sunglasses, lattes and shopping bags...just like reality stars.
They are have a more jaded attitude now.
Sexy biatch.
J'adore Dior.
Marc styles Nicki, dressing her up in a look.
Nicki smiles and shuts the door.
We see the surveillance video being viewed, it's rewound and studied on a loop.
The rocks are covered in graffiti.
She gives him a pleading baby pouty look.
Music blasts, as the kids make their way through the crowded, smoky party.
Sam and Nicki sport their new Chanel bags.
I know that right here and now there is one mind, one presence, and I trust and know that this whole experience right now is strictly for the higher good of each and every outcome, I give thanks and this is the Truth.
Hello, how can I help you?
A song comes on the radio that we heard earlier when they were having fun together, he holds back tears.
She is calm and collected.
I do, I think my journey is to be a leader and push for peace and for the health of our planet-- Nicki starts to get teary eyed.
And now you're a star.
Marc laughs.
It's a sunny L.A. day.
I know right here and right now there is one mind, one power and one presence.
Nicki, dressed as a sexy school girl walks up with her mother and sisters.
Her lawyer, Shannon, is dressed for success.
Thank you for respecting my privacy, I look forward to my day in court.
We see Chloe enter the courthouse with sunglasses on, flanked by lawyers surrounded by paparazzi and video crews.
Marc looks over at her, but she stares ahead.
It's a sunny afternoon.
Please . . .
I never 'killed' anybody in my life.
(matter-of-fact) You're beautiful.
(after a beat) I'm listening.
(smiling) I'm not armed.
It's nice co know you can do that, too.
Get yourself a new face while you're at it They know you now.
You? Why? You're already beautiful.
Help me.
What friends? (clutching the ankh, looking at Jessica's; then:) I don't have much time.
Ah-h you love it.
Are you here to help me?
You'd better stay here.
LOGAN (smiling) Let's see - how long has it been?
RECEPTIONIST (smiling) I like your face.
WOMAN CUSTOMER (smiling) This is my third... (a beat) ... I did it when I turned yellow ... and green.
(showing her palm) I turned red yesterday.
LOGAN (looking) Beautiful work.
Thanks.
DOC (showing his palm; the flower crystal is Red) I am.
DOC (with pride) And I did it myself right on there.
Fine....Holly will get you ready.
Holly works here because she gets a lift out of watching the Table... (smiles) and other things.
DOC (smiling) Hurry...hurry...hurry.
I'm proud of this machine.
But here's the improvement.
He's good, isn't he?
BOX (laughs) Your turn.
You're a beautiful pair.
Please.
You'd hold up my world!
And you'll be here...the two of you... eternally frozen...frozen...beautiful.
That's better.
Enchanting.
Is that what humans do?
Superb!
What other food?
Fish and plankton, sea greens and protein from the sea.
(pointing to the frosted ice wall) It's all here - ready - fresh as harvest day.
BOX (calmly) Such a beautiful pair.
It makes everything move.
Your hair is moving.
JESSICA (smiling) And yours.
(stopping) Oh, yes...about the cats... one rule is true: (reciting) "Don't speak till you are spoken to."
There's a Sanctuary...there is!
If he was so important - why isn't he first?
Why you? (a beat) And now you've killed him, you know... JESSICA (screaming) Logan!!! Here!!!! OLD MAN (cheerfully) How nice...more company... FRANCIS (emotional; disjointed thoughts) We had such good times together...
They1re put into the ground so they can be visited by the living... I1ll make the arrangements.
"Vigil wondrous and vigil sweet there in the fragrant silent night."
LOGAN (showing his palm) Things change!
Alive?
I promise.
Welcome to Cragganmore.
A rock, fire- blackened.
But when you're in search of a sorcerer, I suppose no distance is too great.
Well, like my good friends here, I've come for a bit of black magic.
And here we have the mystical presence himself, no? You'd best keep your distance -- and your manners.
But, before you stir things up, don't you think it a good idea to see you've got the right man for the job?
Oh, conversation with your grandmother's shade in a darkened room, the odd love potion or two... but comes a doubter, well then, it's the wrong day, the planets are not aligned, the entrails aren't favorable, we don't do tests.
Now be it known throughout the kingdom, that this maiden, having lawfully been chosen by a deed of fortune and destiny, shall hereby give up her life for the greater good of Urland.
By this act shall be satisfied the powers that dwell underground and the spirits that attend thereto.
In gratitude for this sacrifice His Majesty has declared the family -- what's the name?
--The family (rushing it) -- the family Plowman to be free of obligations, taxations, levys and imposts for a period not to exceed five years... -- ordained and signed this day, etc., Casiodorus, in his glory the reigning king of this our realm... his seal, his mark, duly read by Chancellor Horsrik in his holy name.
It'll make a great story.
This is a time for celebration -- and forgiveness.
Don't begrudge a life spared.
You -- musicians, more music!
A toast!
You see, good news travels fast.
And like yourselves, tonight he's overcome with joy.
(he gestures toward Galen) The King would meet our new benefactor and offer his gratitude to the man who succeeded where so many have failed.
It should be easy; that's what they are.
One of the best things about the water here in Urland is that there's so much of it -- look at that! Mmm.
Good.
He was my brother, a great King and a valiant man-at-arms.
So he brought forth his broadsword and his spear, assembled a company of his best fighters and went out to do battle.
Thank you.
My father is a wonderful man, a wise man.
As the proud new father of an eligible daughter who was some-how overlooked all these years, it may interest you to know that the King has called for a new lottery.
It's beautiful.
I'm thankful for that.
I shall lay down my life for family and fellows.
I shall go to my grave for the love of our King and his wise policy.
Please!
You've failed, my friend, and I thank the gods for it.
Still alive.
Do you understand? (Galen does not react) You said you loved me.
If it is, it's the only good we've done.
But that makes me happy.
But the big one's alive.
So he had us make the journey for him!
Our Father who art in heaven... Ulrich!
But you have to know--when your fans find out that you killed off their favorite heroine, they're not going to say, "Ooh, good, Paul Sheldon can finally write what we've always wanted: An esoteric, semi- autobiographical character study.
(proudly) But what I'm most proud of is the work I did on those legs.
(smiles) Work, work, work.
Because now you're alive and you can write more books.
I love them so.
You're very kind...
And you're very brilliant, and you must be a good man, or you could never have created such a wondrous, loving creature as Misery Chastain.
(smiles) All done.
I got the first copy.
(looks at him) What a wonderful first page--just to read the name Misery Chastain... My daughter must be going nuts.
I made you my speciality--scrambled eggs a la Wilkes.
I can live with "great."
Will you do me a favor?
Thank you so much.
My pleasure.
This farm was getting kind of dreary, what with just the few cows and chickens and me-- (happy) But when I got Misery here, everything Changed--she just makes me smile so.
She's a fine... uh... pig is what she is... (scooping up the pig, holding it tight as she stands by Paul) I'm on page three-hundred now, Paul, and it's better than perfect--it's divine.
Yeah, that and Misery's Child--those are the only two divine things ever in this world... Woink!
She made me so happy.
(She smiles now) 'Course, I suppose you had a little something to do with that too.
Yeah, thanks.
I'd love to stay here and chat, but I'm right at the end and I gotta find out what happens.
Great.
Great.
That's the big surprise.
Now that you've gotten rid of that nasty manuscript, you can go back to doing what you're great at-- (beat) --you're going to write a new novel-- your greatest achievement ever-- Misery's Return.
It will be a book in my honor.
For saving your life and nursing you back to health.
I have total confidence in your brilliance--besides, the view will inspire you.
Great.
(gesturing to the box of paper) You did great, except there's just one little thing--I can't work with this paper.
I do everything to try and make you happy.
Well, I don't hold grudges.
You'll be brilliant.
I have faith in you... (beat) ...my darling... Catch this-- (she throws him a kiss--it's grotesque) --ummmm-wahhhh.
Will she still love him with that special perfect love?
Misery's alive!
Misery's alive.
I'm going to play my records all day --to inspire you--he's my all-time favorite.
To celebrate Misery's return.
It would be an honor.
Give my best to Denise.
It looks wonderful.
Oh... I've never had meatloaf this good, what do you do to it?
My secret is I only use fresh tomatoes, never canned.
When you first came here, I only loved the writer part of Paul Sheldon.
But now I know I love the rest of him too.
As much as Misery loves Ian.
(beat) I know you don't love me--don't say you do--you're a beautiful, brilliant, famous man of the world; and I'm...not a movie star type.
Your legs are getting better.
I better go now.
Take your best shot.
Please.
Thank you.
How does a nice cup of cocoa sound?
Sounds good.
I best be going.
I'd be delighted.
Oh, darling, it will be so beautiful.
I love you.
I love you too, Annie.
Soon others will come.
The word I'm getting is the Times review is gonna be a love letter.
(flatly) Great.
But it's not why I wrote the book.
For all the good they've done me I might as well have stuck them up my arse.
One of Edinburgh's finest schools.
I look back on my time there with great fondness and affection.
What's important is that I am, right?
My pleasure in other people's leisure.
I love people.
The pleasure was mine.
Best interview I've ever been to.
Thanks.
(v.o) Spud had done well.
I was proud of him.
Wednesday morning in the Volley.
Looking at me as if to say, 'Come ahead, square go.' Well, you know me, I'm no looking for trouble but at the end of the day I'm the cunt with the pool cue and I'm game for a swedge.
That was Begbie's story.
Good Morning.
Good morning, Spud.
Morning, Gail.
Morning, Spud.
I slept fine on the sofa.
It does everyone good to cut loose once in a while.
Holding hands?
You were quite happy to do a lot more last night.
Easy for you to say.
This had better be good.
If I'm giving up a whole day and the price of a ticket, I'm just saying it had better be good.
It's the great outdoors.
It's fresh air.
Doesn't it make you proud to be Scottish?
We'll beat this together.
Great.
Sounds great, Swanney.
Five pounds to win.
Sounds great to me.
Let's face it, it could have been wonderful.
Fully fitted in excellent decorative order.
Good chips.
Well, this guy I've met runs a hotel.
Brother.
Does a nice little sideline in punting British passports to foreigners.
Get you a good price.
As you can see, it's a beautiful conversion.
The kitten was fine.
Buy yourself that island in the sun?
One plam tree, a couple of rocks, and a sewage outflow.
Cool down, Franco.
Good one, Franco.
Everybody happy?
We'd better go, Franco.
I'm looking forward to it already.
He said you were practicing deep meditation.
During my meditation training...
I was surrounded by light... Time and space disappeared.
(longingly) It must be exciting to be a fighter, to be totally free!
Fighters have rules too: friendship, trust, integrity... Without rules, we wouldn't survive for long.
No place to bathe for days, sleeping in flea-infested beds...
Congratulations.
It's the most important step in a woman's life, isn't it?
Be strong, yet supple.
I heard you met Shu Lien today.
My wife was quite a martial arts expert.
Father gets first dip.
Master Li, your room is ready.
Thank you.
You'll pay for that!
You stole the secrets of Wudan's highest martial arts.
The Green Destiny is mine.
I can teach you to fight with the Green Destiny, but first you must learn to hold it in stillness.
Deep down, you're good.
Exciting, isn't it?
I started learning from you in secret when I was 10.
You enchanted me with the world of Giang Hu.
The sword is back... are you happy?
I'll write you an introduction.
I'm Iron Eagle Sung and this is my brother in arms, Flying Cougar Li Yun.
My master would say... there is nothing we can hold on to in this world.
To repress one's feelings only makes them stronger.
It gives me a sense of peace.
Steamed whole cod, bite-size meatballs, a little starchy, but keep the sauce light, shark fin soup, mixed vegetables, and some warm wine.
You have amazing technique!
I'm Shining Phoenix Mountain Gou.
Fine... the friendship is over.
You don't deserve the Green Destiny.
We'll be happy.
I didn't have the heart.
Trust me.
She'll help you.
Spare your energy.
Have a nice trip.
God only knows -- whatever black corner of space this is coming from -- wherever HE is!.
Friendship...Built this to send to them in...Friendship...The end now...End of the world....Unless we (every sound an effort Unless...We...Three...Can...
We're from EARTH -- we come as friends.
Extend your hand!
Hail, Ming! Hail, Great One Without Mercy!
Fantastic -- into a Black Hole and out the other side -- to this.
Gladly!
-- that's a compliment!
Watch it, fella -- you came with me!
Hail, Ming! Hail, Great One Without Mercy!
It gives him a unique gift for survival, -- and treachery.
We came together and we're STAYING together!
You're saving my life.
How can I Thank you?
You're funny -- are all Eathlings like you, Flash Gordon?
The plasma core.
Ming is merciless and all-powerful!
Hail! Ming! Hail, Great one Without Mercy!
Trust me! Can I honestly?
Trust me!
But many brave men died to bring it across space from Cythera, planet of Pleasure.
He loves me.
Please.
Ssssh...... Trust me!
It's amazing -- I dreamed of this tree-house when I was a kid -- It's Barin's hunt!
I know you, Aura -- the more a man risks, the greater your passion.
My help?
I trusted you.
He's a mere toy to me, my love -- when I'm tired of it we'll kill him!
Sending that message by you is like sending a lettuce-leaf by a rabbit.
If your love for me is great enough, Barin, surely it will protect you from the serpent -- no? Go again.
Thank you for freeing me.
Only if we climb -- out of the green light -- to the sky -- Prince Barin's Tree Men can't follow us up there!
Hello - we do meet in the strangest places.
Oh darling!
Dale baby!
Listen to his words!
Well, back home it's what I'm paid for -- I called a pretty good game against the Dallas Cowboys once --- Do you understand him?
-- Let's have sport!
I'm so homesick -- what I wouldn't give for a nice quiet night with some muggers in Central Park -- Prepare them!
Flash!! Ready for me, Earthling?
Win for me, Flash!?? You've won, Earthling!
Guess the first thing you and me are gonna do after we land..! Darling not in front of the Hawkmen -- you'll make me blush!
Help!! I'm coming, Dale! (to his Hawkmen) Follow her -- climb!
Your wedding dress.
Ready for a test!
Land it to a warm reception.
When that needle hits the red, Earth is finished.
I'm not about to put off wedding Dale Arden for this!
The cavern first!
To think of all our history ended this way -- the incredible ascent from primordial slime to Albert Einstein and Dale Arden and -- Look! Do you take her, this Earthling, Dale Arden, to be your Empress of the hour?
The wedding ring, please -- Recite after me -- with this ring I thee wed -- With this ring, I thee wed! Flash!!! Run!!! Seal this hall!
Oh it's so beautiful!
What's the matter, darling?
Zarkov is right.
(smiling) At ease.
Be ready for action!
Two hands are moving; one over the other, they criss-cross with Look! Yes, that's him!
Everything's written here.
He is a police informer ... Medjebri is standing behind the cash register, smiling, very busy.
When the policeman comes out, you will follow him together.
(smiling) You weren't able to.
What's important for me is that you let me risk my life for nothing.
We have reason to believe that the assailants originate in the Casbah, and that they have always found a speedy and easy refuge in the alleys of the Arab quarters.
(in servile tone) I'm going for a swim; my friends are waiting for me. the rack.
Good, thank you, Corbiere... .
Good evening, sir.
Good evening, sir.
Good.
Notre Pere, dans le ciel ... Now, let's go to say good night.
The beach, the sea, Come here, children.
Say hello ... Good evening ... Good night, daddy.
Good night, mommy.
Good night, dear.
The discussion will begin on Monday, January 28.
The world is watching us.
Champagne ... Champagne.
Inner courtyard.
The strike is a success; but ... No.
Brothers!
(smiling) Dancing inside ... Go ahead!
Thank God.
The one who is driving doesn't Now is not the time for heroes.
(to Mathieu) He said that you can blow up whatever you like ... Return to where the others are.
(smiling) How is your wife now?
Mars is a happy and prosperous protectorate of Earth... and will remain so.
Good morning, commuters.
This portion of your trip is brought to you by Rekall, Inc. Do you have a dream that never came true?
Has the great adventure passed you by? Then come to... REKALL, where what might have been will have been.
But here at Rekall, dreams are our business.
McCLANE (smiling; self- satisfied) But you won't remember me, or having been here.
McCLANE (continuing) And we have a special this month, for only two-hundred thousand dollars more. McCLANE (continuing) You can have a new identity for the duration of the trip.
This - REKALL - is the only way to achieve your dream.
Hey, you're a nice kid... you like a little somethin' extra?
(continuing; pleased) Good! Kid -- have I got a girl for you!
You're good-lookin'.
No. That's what's so amazing.
Now Alec and Shirley Turnbull have a good man.
(continuing) I have a liaison with a lady... and I'm married...
Why should I trust you?
The Sphinx Project?
Let's get a coffee before the next shuttle.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you'll glance out the starboard viewports, you'll behold an indeed awesome sight -- Those long gorges you see, clearly are the legendary canals of Mars.... (continuing) Of course, they are not manmade canals, but vast natural chasms ...many deeper and larger than the Grand Canyon.
Thank you for flying with Interstellar and we hope your stay will be a pleasant one.
Nice to be back.
(now he signs) Listen.
(smiling) Right.
Well, I do - but not a real wife.
You're in a world of your own fantasy.
You better have two aces, Bennie.
Okay! Okay! I'll pay it, but the Interstellar Trade Practices Commission might be interested in this.
Terriforming will create a permanent livable environment for Mars.
There'll be rivers, vegetation - life - the same as Earth.
Don't you see?! From being a pile of red dirt with minerals, Mars is going to change into a chunk of priceless real estate.
(smiling) And all without the marvels of modern science!
You don't think I got this far by being a nice guy?
Join us again.
Next there'll be rain and growth and ... life.
The Honorable Mohamed Pandooh of Mufhtan! (Hastily) Oh, I must greet His Honor.
Beginning his new Administration... He'll make his appearance when The clock on the wall strikes ten.
Hail, hail, Freedonia Land of the brave and free.
(singing) Hail, hail, Freedonia... Land of the brave and free.
Hail, hail, Freedonia... Land of the brave and free.
Hail, hail, Freedonia... Land of the brave and free.
Can't you see what I'm trying to tell you -- I love you.
Your Excellency...
I would like to present to you... Ambassador Verdi Trentino Of Amnesia... Having him with us today is indeed a great honor.
(To Mrs. Teasdale, smiling appreciatively) Thanks... but I can't stay very long.
I bring you the greetings of my President and the good will of my people.
(To Groucho) Your Excellency, the eyes of the world are upon you.
Notables from every land are gathered here in your honor -- (Indicating the guests with a wave of her hand) This is a gala day for us.
Well, a gal a day is enough for me.
(Takes flute from inside pocket and plays strain of Dixie) (Singing) In our midst you stand The ruler of this land A man who'll govern with an iron hand.
(Singing) The husband steps outside; Relinquishes his bride; We stand him up against the wall And take him for a ride.
(Groucho dances as above is sung) The population must increase With great rapidity.
We give a couple seven years To raise a family.
If, by that time, there is no branch Upon the family tree, we stand 'em up against the wall - and Pop goes the Weasel.
(As she beams on him) You've made a wonderful impression.
It is easy to see you have an open mind.
I wrote a speech last night that'll knock them off their seats... (He takes a paper from inside pocket as he says above... then reads from paper) Four score and seven years ago, our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation -- Why, that's the speech that Lincoln made at Gettysburg... (With a look of great surprise) He did?...
That concludes the nine o'clock sprints... Next Saturday night the winner of the six day bicycle race will receive ten thousand dollars in gold... the following morning we go off the gold standard... Gentlemen, gentlemen, remember for forty-six years we have enjoyed the friendship of Amnesia, so ably represented by Ambassador Trentino.
(Laughing) That's a-no good.
(Puzzled for a moment) Oh, yes, I remember -- and I should have slapped Mrs. Teasdale's face when she told it to me... I'm going right out and find Trentino.
(From off scene) His Excellency, Rufus T. Firefly! (Singing) HAIL, HAIL, FREEDONIA Land of the brave and free... Can't you see, Gloria, our marriage would not only unite two great families... (Continuing) ...but would further cement the relations of our countries.
I love you!
(Turns to Gloria) Gloria, I love you.
Wealth and family.
I can't give you wealth... (Archly lifting his eyebrow) ...but we can have a little family of our own.
Give me that again!
-- the brothers?
(As a faint smile of understanding vanishes from his face) Very well then, if that's how you feel about it -- (suggestive shrug of his shoulders) My country has spoken.
Maybe you can still win the old dame over -- why not try to -- (As she descends stairs) I'm so sorry I've kept you waiting... (Taking her hand) Mrs. Teasdale... (Kisses her hand) I deeply regret the unfortunate affair with his Excellency, but his attitude left me no alternative... (Emotionally) To think that this should happen after all these years of friendship.
Mrs. Teasdale, I'm willing to pocket my pride and do anything I can to make up with his Excellency.
(Smiling coyly) No, that wasn't it... Was it -- swine?
(Thinking, then with a broad smile) Oh yes! -- UPSTART!
I still like UPSTART the best.
I love you...
I'll go 'way if it means your happiness... Oh, your Excellency, you take me off my feet.
Gloria -- what a beautiful name.
My uncle he's- a got a flower shop -- he's-a gotta new-rosis.
(With exaggerated romance) I shall dance for you tonight as I've never danced before.
This is a fine thing to be doing at my age.
This is-a fine - you do a good job - you make-a no trouble and you waste- a no time.
Hands up! (Smiling) You no gotta no gun.
Your Excellency?
That's funny, we've got five thousand horses but no men.
(Writing) Fine.
We need a man who's fearless, brave.
To whom it may concern... Dear Gloria: The air has done me a world of good.
Your fun- loving Dictator.
(Singing) Hail, hail, Freedonia... Land of the brave and free!
(Looking up and turning in direction of Groucho) It's delicious, Your Excellency.
All those who want to place their money on the wheel, step inside, faint heart never won fair lady... Money won't grow in your pocket like the hair on your head and now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their party.
(smiles) Good.
Practice.
Lemme see... Cool.
If you weren't such a dick, you'd know what a cool place this was.
A man after my own heart.
You're good, eh? (grins) The best.
Am I saving a princess?
The concept is, you're entering the video game itself, making your way across the circuit board to the logic core ... ARCADE's brain.
You have his keys, right?
...am in bed... (standing back up) Yeah.
I was just... (cutting him off) Listen to me! Greg never came home.
It's a good program, a brilliant program, it was designed so it would act as if it were alive, but it's not alive.
"Quiet down, honey.
It's alive, Nick.
Am I laughing?
It's growing.
Getting stronger.
(beat) Thank-you.
Why thank-you.
This is one of our newest projects.
It's more sensitive than a joy-stick.
I'm good at these games.
(deep breath) Give us a kiss?
Thanks.
I want so much to be with you... (continuing) I love you, Alex.
(nodding) Yes...but...how did you... Magic.
(in between kisses) You did it...
You're good, soldier.
Aw, no... (Devastated) ...L-Lucky.
You... kept the place runnin'... better than me.
Holy... Goh... gaah...
Good to see ya.
Glad you're still alive.
VOICE (o.s.) Ladies first.
Aiken, you'd be better off...
The labs hare are... were...working on special apps for bio-eng1neered materials.
So huge that they have... connections... in high places.
Victory, friend.
He developed this thing.
God, the water!
Alive.
For me, too, brother.
Buddy named... Wesker.
We were... kids together.
So... until we hit bottom, we're in good shape... relatively speaking.
This is our way out... (Reading) Caruso.
I live here, this is my town!
That's the best I can do for you, kid.
I'll help.
Chris and the others...
The home stretch.
And it didn't rip out the ceiling for the fun of it.
(Excited) We've got it, Barry!
Our fortune!
(Laughing) There is no antidote.
And it's worth... more than gold.
B-buddy.
Trust me.
Its brand new.
Lawrences voice grows impatient.)
(stands, ready to give up, skeptical) Theres nothing.
The light from the outside shines in.)
The three students watch after him with great admiration.)
Thank you, I do my best.
Thats fine.
Good night, Daddy.
Tomorrow, Ill read you your favourite story.
(with a small smile) Okay.
I am happy.
The one on the right is a smiling portrait outside somewhere.
Shes beautiful.
Thank you.
(a small smile) Theres another picture behind the one youre looking at.
(Adam reaches behind the photo on the right and pulls another photograph out.
Lawrence smiles slightly as he speaks) Its my favourite one because were all in it together.
(a slight disturbance from his momentary nostalgic bliss) What?
I... (VO) How can you walk through life pretending that youre happy?
I am happy.
Goodnight, little girl.
Thanks anyway.
(He picks up a small framed photograph, which we cant see, but likely, its of Sing.)
Right, Sing?
(big smile) Cell phone.
The most beautiful invention on this planet!
Make that second most beautiful invention!
Give me that.
(pause, then) Yes, Im willing to risk it!
Give me that sweet cancer.
(He squints, bringing his hand up over his eyes.
(He stands, looming menacingly, the look stronger on his face) Who are you?
(Finally, he looks up, right at Lawrence.
I followed you (Lawrence in the parking garage, photographs of the exterior of the Hotel Barfly.
Lawrence, calm down.
Lawrence, I have a family too!
No! Oh my God!
(VO) Most people are so ungrateful to be alive.
You look real nice, Joe baby... Where's that Joe Buck?
And if you ain't man enough to do it yourself, I'd be happy to oblige... Four to midnight, understand?
Did you make the Viet?
Gonna swing my lasso and rope that whole goddam island, yeah!
Maybe I bring you a treat if you're a good boy... I'm so beat, no point you waiting round, toots, think I'll stop in for a beer or two... Expect me when you see me.
Goddam if I came to this town to write postcards.
Beg pardon, ma'am, I'm new here in town, just in from Houston, Texas, and looking for the Statue of Liberty.
You sure are a pretty lady.
Hurry up, Baby.
Do um goody-goods for Mama.
I was walking Baby.
Him got to do him goody-goods, right?
Say hello to Morey, Baby.
Ye gods... Holy shee-it, this is a goddam penthouse you got here, Cass, a real goddam penthouse.
Believe it's as fine a time as I've had in my life!
Me, too, lover.
That's good, it is, cause, well I guess I didn't tell you why I came to New York, did I? Zip this thing, will you, Tex? Truth is, Cass, I'm, well, I'm in business.
You're such a doll.
God, it's been fun.
Funny thing, you mentioning money.
I am a gorgeous chick, thirty-one, that's right, you said it!
Good strong back.
You're a wonderful boy.
It ain't the words, it's the love beyond 'em!
Follow the green light.
You're the best, the very best, yes, yes, kiss me, oh God please kiss me, Joe, now, now, now!
He kissing Anastasia?
How much's that worth?
The two basic items necessary to sustain life are sunshine and coconut milk.
In Florida, they come smooth, ready to eat.
Hey! Miami Beach is the only place for a real hustler.
What's all this sweet talk about Florida?
I can't think too good.
Just only one thing I ever been good for's loving.
Hey, you're good!
You shoulda caught him the end of a day.
Okay, you got yourself one handsome, sweet-smelling cowboy, strut your stuff... How do you like that?
It's just perfect.
M-O-N-Y -- I'm right!
You're a nice person, Joe -- I should never have asked you up -- a lovely person.
Please.
Help me to be good.
Promise.
For helping me be good.
These guys're good drivers.
You get your first palm tree in South Carolina.
You believe all you read?
I mean New York's one thing, but can you see this guy, imagine it, running around the goddam beach all suntan and he's going in swimming, like, and then somebody yells 'Hey, Ratso' -- how does that sound to you? Sounds like they knew you.
Couple crullers'n coffee to go.
Good.
The camera moves forward and down as Marla, presumably, elbows her way through for a better vantage point.
The camera moves in close as Winter stretches out along Katya's body.
Winter continues his odd ritual, finally taking a great final breath, as if he's reached the point of exhaustion, and expels it.
Winter, exhausted, looks down at Katya, smiling.
Katya looks this way and that, presumably at the others, looking down at her.
The camera follows as Winter pulls her unsteadily up to standing.
The others move in, touching her, congratulating her.
Yet she's alive.
She looks up at the others, then smiles widely.
The others move in, giving her hugs, pecks on the cheek.
She starts laughing.
She starts laughing.
She looks closer, it's an ABSTRACT IMAGE OF A LITTLE GIRL SCREAMING.
I know the crazy stuff you do for a story.
And that's why I hired you.
You've had a change of heart?
Well I can't.
She jumps as it begins to change shape, and sets it back on the table.
A moment later, a bit of a breeze starts moving her hair.
A ragged, run-down place, looking bleak and ugly in the bright light of day.
Welcome to club anorexia...
Finally, she reaches her hand up, over her head, passing the lighter from one hand to the other directly over her head.
This is my room, my building, my street... my world.
He offers her one, and smiles.
The Cop smiles and nods, and keeps on walking.
She looks fine.
You're alive.
You say that like it's a good thing.
Marla stares at Amy deeply.
The breaks into a smile.
beat) So he's been on this quest for years, searching for that mythical person who is both willing to join us and can also solve the puzzle.
Bingo baby.
She looks down to find the trail of BRIGHT RED BLOOD trailing behind her on the otherwise PURE-WHITE floor.
When she looks back up she finds herself in- The hallway from Amy's childhood home.
I don't care if he's won the Pulitzer Prize.
A friendship!
I'll be fine... Can I have a beer?
Well, um...I just wanted to say that I'm really happy with the class and, um...I know you must here this all the time, but I'm also a great admirer of your work.
Great!
Great!
Um, well, yeah.
Yeah, well, then it got me writing, so that was a good thing.
That's good.
You didn't wanna take me to the prom.
That's good.
Great.
Yeah, well, Mikey, listen up.
Thanks, Esposito!
(beat) It was God's will.
Yeah, well, whatever.
I love them!
The camerawork's nice.
Thanks.
Charity.
Your gift would also give you a Chagall menorah and two tickets to the dinner dance this spring...Because it's true: Israel needs us now.
If not now, when?...Well, that's wonderful...I'll speak to you next week...You too!
Ready for tomorrow?
(joins their laughter) I don't know...That's interesting, though.
A cool car.
Is that something that's real important to you, Brady?
Thanks.
What do you like to do?
You should smile more often.
When the sky is clear and the sun is warm, you're reminded of how beautiful things can be: a lamp post, a sign, a straw wrapper blowing in the wind...But when that dark cloud appears, you realize how fragile the balance of life is.
Will you tell me what's funny about that?
My baby.
My grandchild-baby.
(beat) It is when you love someone, and they don't love you.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Hi, Dad! Come here, give me a hug! Gee, you're home early!
Can I help you?
OK...um...Thanks.
Now he's gonna find his way, his path is gonna be cleared, and I think he's gonna continue his education at a good college.
And everybody else is gonna be happy.
Come in bed with us.
Oh yes.
Okay... well thanks for coming in.
Hey hun! Hey Nancy.
Yes, well, these patients are beyond help so they've become athe hospital's secret.
What's her deal?
Well those aren't the strangest.
God has nothing to do with this man.
Ooh, you made me jump!
I'd love to sweetheart, but it's very late now.
Let's get a coffee.
What are you laughing at?
Catch you later sweetie.
Okay, honey bunny?
Don't worry, it gets to everyone at first.
Thank you.
Good evening Mister Kimble Pemberton?
Good evening gentleman.
Good.
Good, I've ordered it.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Wow, you like a little coffee with your sugar?
Thanks Nanc.
He needs some fuckin' discipline!! Stay away from him!! I've had enough of you fat man!! Ronnie, don't!! Please!! No!!
world that many people believe was created by a loving God?
I believe God and Satan are within all of us.
You're a person who feeds that good within you.
Oh great!
Thank you for agreeing to meet with me.
Thank you, that's great.
The honey bee is fine when it's just flying from flower to flower.
Initially as an out patient but now the delusions have progressed I feel it's time for you to become a full time resident.
Thank you.
Good girl.
That better?
Thank you.
Adoni, Helumnay, Peenay, come forward blessed one, know your calling come forward oh blessed one.
Accept our humble gratitude for your offering, in death you give life, may you find wings to the kingdom.
Our time is at hand!! Immortality is ours!
You are part of a great becoming tonight.
A rising of The Dark Master who blesses all of his followers with power and immortality.
Doctor Mixter, good morning.
I'm good thank you.
That bond makes for a better institution in my opinion, so we will continue to go from strength to strength.
I think he loves the lady night..." (to crow) Am I alive?
Make Top Dollar smile.
Thanks.
I love you too, you madman.
Having fun yet?
Another satisfied customer?
Couldn't have happened to a nicer couple.
Cute nickname, don't you think?
Listen: Top Dollar.
Watch it... You're the one who did Tin-Tin... Great.
Good night.
I don't know how to describe how I feel, Lance -- so restless -- You're my Moon Queen, Angelique.
And her nice white boyfriend, Eric Draven.
Well, hello there...chocolate, Don't thank me.
Thanks, babe.
He shoots, he scores!
Good shot.
Magic.
Yeah, I got a more fun idea myself.
Hey, g'night, Darla.
Good.
Give them my best.
Enjoy.
I'm looking for a good guitar man.
That's better.
Top, I made the sumbitch!
A way of life, polluted.
Nice speech.
(to Top Dollar) One moment.
Thank of a snappy comeback for me on your way down.
Last Halloween.
(beat) You and I are the recipients of unwanted good fortune, in the form of a man everyone is calling The Crow.
Better now.
How are you, Elly, my friend?
(beat) You really loved her, didn't you?
You brought flowers.
But if the people we love are gone, we keep them -- -- right here.
And she'll be alive.
I was wonderin' where you'd gotten to -- (she sees Gabriel) Oh, Elly, honey, a cat.
He was a present.
You should listen to your mother.
In a better place.
Promise.
First day, new job, gotta go.
Promise.
The money'll be on your desk first thing tomorrow morning, Scout's honor.
(silky voice) No... you are right, my friend.
I am a simple man who is here to learn from my new American friends.
YURI(cont'd) Sera is my gift to you, my friends from New York City.
You may do with her as you wish in this beautiful room, which is also my gift for the night to my friends.
You will find her a very willing girl, for all of you...just as we arranged.
So, my friends...
Enjoy.
(to the woman) Good morning.
He said for you to go in as soon as... are you OK? (pulling himself together) I'm fantastic, but I gotta go out now... very important meeting, could make a coupla million for the company.
contents into his coffee cup.
With cup in hand he leaves the (genuinely moved) This is to generous Peter.
We can watch a movie and I'll mix you up a gooey blender drink.
Thanks anyway.
You're so cute and I'm really good in bed... believe me... you smell good too... No, OK.
Thanks anyway.
Ha... ha.
Good evening.
You pay for it.
I just had a brain surgery... Why don't I come back after lunch, when I'm feeling a little better?
(calmer) It's none of my business, but if you could see what I see, you wouldn't do this to yourself.
I'm back, I've got my check... and baby... I'm ready to sign.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
infinity.
(laughs) That's funny.
What am I? A luxury? Yeah.
It's OK... nice watch.
Yes, that would be great.
I'm Sera and that's a margarita.
(laughs nervously) Alone.
I was looking for you tonight.
beckons her to the bed.
begins to walk.
The camera follows her as she makes her way No thanks... I'm fine.
Sera... Let's face it, Ben, we're having fun here.
(smiles) OK.
Yes, he's my friend.
Right... OK... Don't worry...
Great nap.
Gift number one.
Ah... more gifts.
Sera, I love that name... S.E.R.A. Before we proceed onwards, there is something I need to say.
I'll tell you right now that I'm in love with you... but, be that as it may, I'm not here to force my twisted life into your soul.
Open your presents.
(smiling) Nice talk, Ben.
... then I'll go home with the groceries and we'll have breakfast together, and that'll make her feel better about my condition... Who the fuck are you talking to, Mr? (laughing) Why are you all dressed up, honey?
My, don't you look fine.
(big smile) I'll have a rum and Coke.
(smiling) I don't think my wife would dig it too much.
Please!
Thank you, Sera.
Everything is Wow.
I'd be happy to show you.
You can pay me then.
Where are the boys this weekend, Frank?
You oughta be glad the creep didn't nail ya.
You know I love you... yeah?
It was a good year for corn.
My God it's good to see you.
No. ... "Hatred" ... "Loathing" ... But it was worth it all to end in a garden by your side.
Cousin Eugenie, my father, but ... (interrupts) Cora, in my heart, I know once we're joined, we'll be the happiest couple in England.
Let those whom you trust, your father, help settle what's best for you.
(pause; smiles) Yes.
My God, you've grown up.
I absolutely cannot wait to return to Portman Square, having laid eyes upon the full-blooded, red men in the wild!
(smiles) It can be dangerous ... Nonsense.
Better place.
Company make ready!
Present!! Fire!! (continuing) Load! Prime! (continuing) Present!
Present!
(loud) I owe you gratitude or I'd call you out! (low) Do not let gratitude get in the way ... (to Hawkeye) Yengeese no good in woods.
(continuing; looking up) My father's people say ... at the birth of the sun and of his brother, the moon, their mother died ... so the sun gave to the earth her body, from which was to spring all life.
The stars he threw into the night sky to remind him of her soul.
What are you looking forward to?
His daughters are here, too.
Many men here, their homes are in the path.
(beat; a mantra) Best to keep your sight fixed on our duty.
We rolled our blankets and were the first to be here.
(to Seneca Chief) For my children and the children of the true faith, my friendship and esteem is boundless ... I will give you three oxen for a feast and tomorrow I, myself, will sing the war song with you in the great council house.
launderess dress/blouse ...
Sir! Thank you, Sergeant Major.
Thank the men.
Cora, I adore you and, when we come together, we will be the happiest couple in England ... I am certain of that.
I love you and my brother.
I am happy to make your acquaintance as a friend.
(challengingly) I am incapable of mistreating brave men.
The honors of war?
Carry them to England to your King with pride.
If we're very lucky, they'll figure we went over the falls.
(continues) Listen.
You stay alive.
The King has mountains of gold!
Give Magua new heart.
Our tomahawks were bright.
(to Sachem) I come to you unarmed and in peace to unstop your ears, wise one.
(to Sachem) Our father, Montcalm, is greater than the Yengeese in the arts of war.
(to Sachem) Wise one, the French fathers made peace and swore to their honor not to break the friendship.
(laughs) It made our French father happy to never have to fight the same Yengeese again.
The French father believes he fooled Magua because he is so proud of his cleverness, he is blind.
That is good.
And we will trade as the white man trades.
And make the Huron great.
(a smile) Well, he's more than just a bandleader, Steve.
He's a great conductor, a gifted artist.
In a German town, if you bow to a pretty girl or pat a blond child, you bow to all that Hitler stood for.
My favourite is the Seventh Symphony.
And, God help me, with Beethoven.
art historian, head of the famous Leningrad Museum of Art.
I'm glad to see you.
Pleasure.
He's a great musician.
He's my favourite conductor.
(chuckles.)
He's our favourite conductor.
Respect your elders and your betters!
And no elbows on the table!
I don't know, but the British are excited about it, I know that.
He was...He was really grateful to me for that.
Thank you.
You ready for this, Wilhelm?
(He breathes deeply, summons strength.)
And I've loved music ever since.
I was grateful to you.
And I've admired you.
I've got to hand it to the British, David.
Don't worry, Helmuth, it'll be our secret.
Mister, mister, here, here, mister!!! Great catch, kid.
I would never, in my wildest dreams, have ever been a second violinist in the Berlin Philharmonic.
Talk about power, I have the power to give you work, make your life easier.
I can give you freedom of movement, freedom to work, freedom, Helmuth.
Furtwangler sent Hitler a telegram for his birthday.
We admired him as a conductor but we all hated him too because he didn't have to join the Party and yet he had a better life than any of us.
Music critic.
Young.
The Miracle Kid.
His private life?
Gee, that's a thing of beauty, honest to God, a real thing of beauty.
Beautiful.
That art and politics can't be separated?
'Happy birthday, dear Adolf, love Wilhelm.' Or words to that effect.
The birthday greetings you sent to your old pal, Adolf Hider.
Smart move, David, smart move.
You sure you didn't call one of your close buddies and say, God in heaven, did you see what that guy von der Null wrote about me?
The greatest conductor on earth.
Grow up!
What good can you do by leaving.
Everybody says what a great benefactor you were to the Jews.
Listen to this: 'The Jew composer Schonberg is admired by the Jewish International.'
'Jewish musicians are good businessmen with few scruples, lacking roots.'
'I first saw Goering,' Dahlerus testified, 'embroiled in a stormy interview with Wilhelm Furtwangler, the famous conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic, who was vainly seeking permission to keep his Jewish concert master.
You were like an advertising slogan for them: this is what we produce, the greatest conductor in the world.
I am a citizen of this country in that eternal sense to which the genius of great music testifies.
I know that a single performance of a great masterpiece was a stronger and more vital negation of the spirit of Buchenwald and Auschwitz than words.
You talk to me about culture, art and music?
The hangmen were playing chamber music at home with their families.
Thanks.
On vacation?
The erector set still works good.
And youire right!
Research on simple animals can be... useful.
(looks at nearby cage of hamsters) Cute little things.
Listen to me talk!
Beautiful!
I'm here to help.
Help me with these straps... SCHREBER (holds syringe up) Now you must relax, Anton.
The baby was the best though.
Remind me to give you my watch.
Everything's fine... To tell you the truth, I'm glad we've run into each other like this.
He's been a little angel...
That's easy.
Why give yourself up?
That was a pretty good escape act at the station.
A world in our likeness!
A world in our likeness!
Please.
Brown hair.
Green eyes.
You see, I pride myself on being thorough.
Cute outfit.
Such a joker!
But she was getting better...
White?
We are... living in their dreams... Insect... dreams... WHITE (reading) Aitch?
Thank you.
Hoped you wouldn't make a nuisance of yourself on the way... Welcome.
MISTER BLACK (smiles at parents) Please, continue...
Tell me, which makes the best sword?
The stronger ore, eh?
Good.
As promised.
I take no pleasure in this day, barbarian.
My army is handpicked from the best Hyboria.
Point her out and you'll spare the lives of your own.
Then our stories began in the same place, Cimmerian.
That is the legacy I seek.
You are free.
Happy hunting.
He says the Queen is here.
Khalar needs them alive.
Water -- please -- The gods are good.
She'll be the prize of the auction in Khor Kalba.
A brother.
A friend.
I come to resurrect the greatest empire Hyboria has ever known.
(stares in Ilira's eyes) And queens.
Stand and join me, and this day will have a joyous end.
He wait for me now, at Great Wall.
Please!
Please!
I help you!
Good.
Kings and Queens claim more lives than I will ever meet, and not a drop is spilled in their presence.
He takes my queen to Khor Kalba.
I can help you.
You will keep quiet.
They will be napping?
That is no way to live.
I've seen in him great mirth, only to watch it smothered by greater melancholy.
I enjoy watching you squirm.
It's good.
So your life is penance?
But I still die with faith in my heart, belief in something greater than one's self.
So they were equals.
(she kisses him deeply) I would be that which you live for, Conan, if you would have me.
Is there not a living thing you can be at peace with?
Do you wish to join in? --so you were right about the platform.
Welcome.
Crom! Get her! You'll make a nice meal.
It's good that you pray.
You are strong, Cimmerian, but we both know you are not my equal.
Once you used my father to teach your son a lesson about strength.
Shackle her! Beyond my dreams -- Conan!!!
Live, Conan.
Live, Conan.
The Tide's rising, the Sleeper's gonna -- Please don't -- Brought you a baked potato, nice and crispy.
Still warm, too.
Curtis, it's three in the morning.
Why did you help me?
I saved your life once, I don't plan on making a habit of it.
I have a life here, a career -- Not anymore.
Please.
Far greater scholars than you have tried to decipher these words.
(over speakerphone) Congratulations, Day-Walker.
I'm flattered.
A sun lamp.
(grins) Hola, amigo.
But that's okay, I'm growing a new one -- Nice, huh? Think I'll ever play the piano again?
Nice craftsmanship.
What's so funny, bright eyes?
I promise.
He toyed with them first.
How do you like that?
Dragonetti was right.
I'd wish you luck, Doc, but I never put much stock in optimism.
Then we're back to square one, aren't we? Sooner or later, the Thirst always wins.
Words to live by, Whistler.
Hold out your hands.
I didn't come here to get my palms read.
The Great Wheel turns, my friend.
By the time you watch this, Whistler will no doubt be winging his way to Heaven, thanks to your capable hands.
She's alive and kicking -- "ambulatory", as they like to say in the trade.
LaMagra -- That's right.
Welcome to our hall of ancients, Doctor.
We should ready ourselves for the ritual of invocation.
Sooner or later, the Thirst always wins.
The human side of you is stronger.
Omigod... Harvey, calm down.
(loudly) Months!! See?
He's got the weight of the world on him.
Live like that stoic bird, The eagle of the rock!
You won't turn loose the good stuff...
You know the guy; Fritz the Cat, Mr. Natural an' all -- they made a movie about him, too.
Harv, meet my buddy Bob Crumb.
This is great stuff, man.
Wow!! You'd do that for me, man?
That'd be great!
Next time -- Son, you done good.
Ya know, I was up in Toronto a few weeks back an' I saw the Red Chinese Ballet... Now that was beautiful.
The way those people were dancing together.
I gave up sweets for lent.
I don't think so but I'll ask Sister Mary Fred at church on Sunday.
Harvey, you're funny.
I'm divorced, thank god.
You should meet me, 'cause I'm a great guy.
We finally meet in person.
(sing song) Good afternoon!
I had a nice time with you, too.
You had a nice time?
Chamomile tea?
So I stocked up on herbal teas for your visit.
One of 'ems good for stomachaches.
(raising her voice) Are you listening to me?
An' I came clean about my vasectomy the first time I set eyes on ya', right here in this airport.
I give up.
Dave's ready for you now, Mr. Pekar.
Where's the doll?
Will you relax about that already?
...He also writes comic books which detail his day-to-day pains and pleasures, and this is an anthology of nine of those comics.
I'm ready for those Cleveland jokes.
You have comic books about you in your daily life in Cleveland.
(patronizing) No. It's all true, David.
(laughter) Go ahead and laugh, folks.
These kids are amazing and they're -- Hey, you're that guy from the Letterman show, right?
(smiling) Yeah, that's me.
That's so excellent.
There's a conference in Jerusalem in a few weeks, and I can start by doing interviews there.
I guess it was good ta finally see Joyce excited about somethin' of her own.
Sure I was happy for her.
I love you, baby.
Easier said than done.
It's an unusual name -- Harvey Pekar... 1960 was the year I got my first apartment and my first telephone book.
We published the thing as a graphic novel -- our first collaboration -- and ended up with rave reviews.
She's a good kid.
The story of my life.
Ya know, you should write about things in your own life.
But don't think this is some sunny, happy ending.
With a little luck, I'll get a window of good health between retirin' an dyin'.
The golden years, right?
Promise.
Thanks.
Eight easy!
Easy eight!
Easy way eight!
Eight easy!
Victoria Secret's Valentine's Collection.
All those ladies going home with a sweet breeze between their legs because you still do it for them and you're fingering me for some kinda Buddy Stafford ego pimp.
You ever watch those nature shows on I've seen this one a dozen times.
Cycle of life thing.
Yeah, pride.
Where's Buddy?
(Shelly isn't fooling him) Well, another time then.
(jumps in) Yeah.
Well, how 'bout that?
I'm already doing good here.
You and me, we make a great team.
It's too uplifting.
But blended in at a subsonic level is a mantra.
Shelly, you better come quick.
Over here, young lady!
Behind the bar? (laughs) Behind the bar, that's a good one.
It's food.
Hey, my arteries can use a workout.
(to the others) Go on ahead.
Happy birthday to me.
Happy Birthday to me... Jesus, fuck, I'm another year older already.
I thought we had -- 150 G's buys their lives.
I'm pretty certain of it.
(a beat) I love you, Natalie.
The new Mega-Million.
You don't have off days, Lootz.
She loves me, Shelly.
Sweet Jesus... you popped her cherries.
She told you, she loves you?
I paid you to be his cooze companion, not his fucking true love.
(mimics female voice) "I love you, Bernie."
You never heard'a lady luck?! That's what's goin' on out there.
I love him.
Everything's gonna be fine.
I love you.
You are a good thing.
Make good on my obligations.
That honor's gonna fall upon you, Shelly.
This place -- your legacy -- it's a mirage.
Well, sweet fuckin' dreams, pal, 'cause I'm out and if that's where it ends, that's where it ends.
Six easy.
Easy way six! (sotto) Natalie... this is you...
You my new guy?
I cater to a better class, now.
These are my friends.
ow it's your turn to say something... ax takes her hand, gently turning it to reveal her tattoo: a That's interesting.
Thank you.
tell you what... (beat, evil smile) Call me by her name.
That way you can make love to her again, just like she never left you.
She liked art, right?
t's a nice thing, a scholarship.
ax eagerly takes the old uniform from BB, happy to have You still haven't been out there, have you?
(gently pushing) It's a nice spot.
We met through a friend.
He's your friend?
ook at this from my perspective: I've got two bodies in ten body bags.
Nice work, detective.
(to himself) There wasn't ever a key.
Nice kid.
here's some flicker of movement on the rooftop... p on the roof, MUSIC inside the club RATTLES old pipes.
The job was everything to me, to the point that I couldn't see the writing on the wall - what it was doing to my marriage, my health.
B goes a bit pale, smile fading as Max's words continue.
For God's sake, don't drag her into this.
via intercom) If you're coming, you better come on.
It involves a club in Italian territory, so I need your blessing to go make it right.
I said `blessing.'
You have my permission...blessing, whatever.
Well, that sounds Italian to me.
They're angels, now.
(beat, smiling) I'm never scared, for starters.
Like you're aware of the power you have in your own hands to make the world a better place.
We'll see who they love best.
(with difficulty) You are so blessed.
The angels are not done with you yet.
Happy New Year.
Always knew you were better than everyone else-- No. Just better than you.
Sick smiles.
(smiling) And as thanks, you nearly blew his head off while he crawled out the window.
B watches eagerly, waiting for what comes next... That's funny, to me.
ights running the length of the pier flicker, eventually It's a good thing his father didn't live to see it, though.
idden in the now deeper darkness, BB pulls something from smiling) It would have eaten him alive.
Compliments of the house.
I'm about to be surrounded by Federal agents-- (shadenfreude) Good heavens, BB.
They're going to love the stories I can tell.
(smiling) You know I won't leave without you.
There's more like this all over.
Human again.
But I want you to listen to me, first.
Cathy, sweetheart!
Lunch is ready!
Let's not do what is good for more men at the expense at what is best for all mankind.
You, our board of directors, have set patiently and listened to ecology lectures while Mr. Hammond signed your checks and spent your money.
We always had great success together, you and I. Just a little bit too much, I think.
But the view would -- No cliffs.
This better be important.
Vacation.
Well, I do, and she's fantastic.
You're going to have a fantastic time.
Stop saying fantastic.
But I'll be back within a week.
My vacation is over in a week.
I'll make it up to you this summer.
I promise.
Whatever you study, you also change.
I'm not surprised stegosaur lived in a family group, but there's never been anything in the fossil record to prove the carnivores did.
Welcome to your dream come true, Dr. Burke.
Your job is to sign the checks, tell us we're doing a good job, and open your case of scotch when we have a good day.
Good lad.
You are a tree-hugger.
Sedatives... growth inhibitors... What?
If you're really interested in infants, we'll have better luck at the seaside, because the sands offer a cushioning surface where the egg clutches can -- can -- What in God's -- !
Thank God.
Thank God.
Listen to me, by moving the baby rex into our camp, we changed the adults' perceived territory!
So the truth is more important to you than your life?
(lowers is voice) I don't care about my life.
Somewhere on this island, there exits the greatest predator that ever lived.
God help us.
Good.
VOICE (o.s.) Go ahead, Harvest Leader.
Good.
We took to the rock.
The animal won.
That he's down here laughing?
I promise.
I don't want to give them the pleasure.
I loved Lauren.
That, my friend, is a deterrent.
Whoops.
(to Erin) I'll meet you atthe car, honey.
And what have you done to your face there beauty queen?
It's my birthday.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Yeah, well... here's a present for you.
Happy birthday.
I'm your Angel.
Red light special.
Corvis made it up.
Tommy and the baby.
What did they give you?
What's with your friend there?
Richer they are, crazier they get.
Two lives?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- My dream... comes true... right now! Daisy.
My dad was right!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Listen up! Yo!
I'd like to say you're looking good, but... Two down.
She fought for her life because life is worth living.
Nature takes its toll.
Please.
Cheers.
I loved Lauren.
Picture's worth a thousand words.
(then) You're a good listener.
I promise...
Good.
(crossing himself) Holy mother of God.
They wait for the body to cool, then check to see if the heart is still beating.
Well, ok.
Please.
To be alive.
Thank you, Houston.
Mind if I join the fun?
Whoa...! AWOL! Thanks.
I was just happy that they didn't cut the funding to my research.
My eyes are brown.
So what do you like about being up here?
Surprisingly, control hasn't heard the Mardi Gras story.
Well, it's day one and I'm bumping my way down Bourbon Street looking for the sister of a friend of mine.
My sister's friend is holding hands with a-- ISS, this is Houston.
Airlock engaged--ready to receive.
You can't tune out the world up here.
Dr. Stone is off structure!
(a brief beat, then) Listen to my voice.
(She pulls herself together) Ok.
I'm... I'm alright... I'm fine.
Your O2. Give me your O2.
We want to relax.
It's a bit of a hike, but it's our only... It's our best option.
Ok. Now listen to me.
Sunday drive...? Look to the west...
Keep going.
Well, people say I have beautiful blue eyes.
You... you have beautiful... you have beautiful blue eyes.
You wanna know the good news?
You know, Ryan is a nice name for a girl.
Wow, you should see the sun on the Ganges.
It's amazing.
Great.
Fantastic.
Aningang...? (then, realizing:) Is that your name?
Is the sun out?
Is it beautiful where you are?
Utterly, terrifyingly beautiful.
A baby.
There's a baby with you.
You are singing to your baby?
That's so sweet!
I used to sing to my baby too.
(growing ever drowsier) That's nice.
Sing me to sleep.
Sing to me, Aningang... sing...sing.... No... no.. don't.
That's better.
A little Sunday drive.
Thank you.
(beat) I have always depended on the kindness of Rangers.
Long time, son -- why don't you come meet some of the new guys -- Good idea.
(into phone) Good -- good.
(looking down at it) Your parents must be proud.
The transmission cuts off/ Mayday -- come in, mayday -- Kristel hangs up the radio and smiles, Travers and Qualen standing behind her.
The insulin was a nice touch.
The Bronco wends through a winding country road, coming finally to a cabin settled in a clearing.
Gabe smiles for the first time today at this memory -- a BANGING at the back of the cabin shakes him out of it.
Maggie's smile tells us it's healing.
Maggie looks surprised to see him.
It's getting warmer in here.
I'm glad to see you, Gabe.
(guns are clicked) Now tell me -- who wins? Good dog.
(laughs) You've got to be kidding.
(shrugs) You win.
Everything isn't okay, Hal -- I'm coming up after you -- over -- Negative, Maggie.
This'll be long, but easy -- more like a hike than a climb.
(new handhold) A steambath -- with a bottle of Glenlivet -- and a steak.
(new foothold) A steak soaked with Glenlivet, cooking over a steambath on fire.
What are we going to do -- You came up here to jump the spur -- (pulls Evan's chute out of his pack) This'd be a great time to do it.
(panicked) But -- (quick) Listen -- they don't know you're up here -- I'll draw their fire, you've got to make the jump and get help.
(to Hal, smiling) Cheer up.
Everyone should die in a spot this beautiful.
The reason the FAA pays you is to exercise your vast, amazing knowledge of these "events".
This first one's easy.
Today, goddamit!
(looks at Maggie) I'm glad to see you -- but Christ, I wish you hadn't come.
Don't tell me -- (disengaging) He's still alive.
You're so good at it.
I'm here to help.
Forgive me, but things have been a little strange this morning.
Sooner or later, whoever's chasing you is going to show up and return the favor, and I'd love to watch.
I'm just as good a climber as you are -- and right now, I'm definitely in better shape.
Good thing for Qualen you are.
(over radio) Thanks loads.
We'd make better time walking straight ahead.
There's no shame in staying alive.
(smiles) Thanks for asking.
He's going to run Gabe down -- Cheer up.
I'm staying right here.
I better call in.
Hey, give me a hand with this woman, will ya Jetson?
Hey! (bouncy, bride-to-be happy) Hi, Daddy, it's me.
I love you, Daddy.
Anyway, Daddy, don't save this tape -- but I do love you, and I'll talk to you before Sunday.
Anyway, love you, talk to you soon.
(more groans) Volunteers for duty with the new detective should see me in my office... otherwise I will choose a volunteer myself.
I'd like to volunteer for duty with the new detective.
Congratulations, gentlemen.
Good.
(continuing) As Mayor of this city, it gives me great pleasure to introduce someone who has so readily made our city his home... and all of us who live here, his friends.
(pauses, smiles) I'm particularly grateful because I actually had the gall to write that in my notes: "Thank you all for that very warm reception".
Congratulations.
Listen, gentlemen, I will be happy to assist you in any way I can -- unfortunately, at the moment, I'm overdue at another function.
(to Jetson) Congratulations again on your promotion, Detective.
He and I were housed together.
(continuing) Thank you.
It's good.
That was a good one.
(slipping out of her dance costume) Oooh.
That sounds interesting.
Congratulations.
(laughing) Sticking out of his ass... yeah!
There's like a surprise, and your mind fills in the funny picture.
You lay before us a beautiful green world, full of freedoms and opportunities...
You give us ownership of our lives for the first time... and you ask no more of us than you do of yourselves: to live by the rules... rules that aren't made to keep one people subordinate to another, but rules that exist to preserve equality.
And that is why we are so grateful.
Thank you.
Joshua Strader, big as life.
It's gonna be a bear to make a positive determination, but it looks to me like he was shot before being tossed in the drink.
He and his wife moved first to Modesto, then Coalinga, California -- wherever that is -- settled in L.A. in April.
Wonderful boy... close personal friend of George's here.
Quite lovely... (best) What is your name again?
(a chilling smile) I will have to remember that...
You can't come in here like this! Hey!
It's a beauty of a case.
A sweet indulgence from out past... resurrected for our future.
I mean it... Gotcha good, baby cakes.
(pause) Personal experiences are what fuel the minds of great writers, Rennie.
I love you...
I hear the crew members are cute guys in their twenties.
It's my graduation gift from Daddy.
It cost over a thousand bucks but it's the best.
Love your ship.
She's a beauty, isn't she?
(beat) By the way, congratulations on winning the intramural diving championships, Miles.
I got you a present.
Sean...it's beautiful.
I'd love to.
The night time is the right time.
You're talking to the prom queen, Eva.
I have her in Creative Writing and she's fairly nice.
Nobody related to McCulloch can be nice.
You'd better have your biology project ready or I'm phoning your parents.
So, are you having fun yet?
She's fine -- everybody go back to what you were doing.
Dear God... She's fine, Charles.
Where is your final project?
(to the others) Let's go.
So what else is new?
Wise up -- it's not hip to be her friend.
But Sean said... I'm the one you should be listening to!
Whatever you've been...imagining... has nothing to do with Jason Voorhees.
He's doing the best he can, Charles.
Please...for me?
You did it, my man!! Hhhhelp...me.... No!!! (holding her) It's okay...you're safe now... Come on -- everybody up the ladder.
A wonderful choice of places to dock a boat, Mr. Robertson.
Be a hero.
You look like a party girl, princess.
If you're free, that is.
Welcome to the casbah, princess.
Loosen up, baby.
It's your parade, princess.
Hey! Rennie, thank God... Jason's here in New York.
(relieved) Thank you.
I promise.
Better swim before Jason drags you down, Rennie.
Swim, Rennie!
I saved your life.
Hey man, it's cool, it's cool... (out of breath) You have to call the police... Please, hurry... There's a pay phone in back.
En route select a man my approximate height and weight... Have faith Cara.
Thanks.
We're not actually-- The dining car would be lovely, thank you.
I'm on my honeymoon.
Your honeymoon?
On my honeymoon.
I really loved that pizza too.
Thanks.
Is there a man in my life?
They'll be in Venice in the morning.
The only thing remarkable about his childhood was a preternatural gift for numbers.
After a year in the training program at Goldman Sachs, he decided that gambling suited him better than working for a living.
Quiet simply, he has turned money laundering into an art form.
I'll be ready in fifteen minutes.
The sofa's fine.
Good.
So... when you're not on a Grand European Tour, what do you do in Rosemont, Pennsylvania?
You're good at it.
I'm not really into weddings at this particular moment in my life... Oh yes.
You're doing me a favor.
Good morning.
When she...? Thank you.
Mr. Taylor, wow, you had quite a day.
You are a good detective.
Enjoy your stay.
(in Italian) Now remember, I said you were in for a surprise... a big surprise.
Good night.
Great.
Trust me.
Food tastes better after you've been shot at.
This will be a great adventure you can look back on.
I love him.
How did Pearce seduce that beautiful woman?
Was it his charm?
When an opportunity presented itself, you took it.
Please go, I'd like to have a quiet coffee.
Wonderful.
The luxury?
He's smooth, right?
She's the worst combination: stunning looks and a brilliant mind.
Omitting important details.
Okay everybody, listen up.
It's a good paper.
I look forward to meeting him.
(leans down to Cara) Good news.
He loves you.
(pause) The truth is that I love you.
All that matters is that you believe me.
(English accent) It's good to see you too.
Well... (smiles) You have to save something for your pension.
All winter I gotta listen to him gripe about his bowling scores.
(opening the gift) Oh Alain!
(he kisses her) Non! Ca a marche?
Enchante.
Make it Alexander's, I like the toy department.
Toy wit' this will ya.
Makin' wine in the basement.
I'm a first grade Detective.
(to RUSSO) - Buddy!
(with coffee cup) All that is great -- but you guys work Bed-Stuy.
(moves to window) Big score!
(moves in to desk) We got information that there's no shit in the street -- it's like a desert full of junkies with a big score coming in to make everybody well.
First a wire.
DOYLE Sounds like a foreigner... Very well... you meet me RUSSO Wednesday at the hotel... (listening at the Okay?
other phone) French... It's a Frenchman... Good... good... great!
Please.
Best I ever seen was The Rock.
Marciano was calm like he was goin' to church.
Blackjack Burns coulds been the greatest ever -- -- He was a stone tanker.
That's right, he couldn't fight legit.
Down goes Blackjack without even workin' up a sweat and the whole Garden gets up in its feet and I swear to Christ, everybody starts singin' "Dance With Me Henry."
Whyn't ya stretch out on the pool table for a couple hours.
Well- dressed.
Stayin' on four but went up to six -- cute.
We put him to bed for the night.
Jimmy, cool it.
Take what's left there with you and goodnight.
The pleasure was mine, Mr. Charnier.
Good trip home.
Everything's smooth.
Beautiful.
I will need a few more days though, the boys think we oughta cool it for awhile -- make sure there's no heat.
So nice to have seen you again.
Look, darling, they sell these at the Smithsonian.
Excuse me a moment, darling.
We'll be out of the country Friday.
Calm down -- Henri!
It's worth more money to you.
Keep going.
"Together in Paris"!
You're alive . . .
you'll be so much fun to kill that I'll save you for last!
All I do know is that the beauty of our world was soon Gone . . .
HUGE, OMINOUS VOCALS reprise the onceglorious watlz My music mox! Anastasia, no! Hurry, child!
Grab my hand!
What a lovely surprise!
How does that sound?
(he touches her face as she pulls away) You will enjoy serving under me.
It says "Together in Paris".
He can help.
Vladimir, calm down!
This, my friend, as an exercise in futility!
We shall never find a girl to play the Princess Anastasia out of this motley crew of commoners!
(loudly, acting) Providing travel papers is illeagal!
Good day!
(singing) (yelling) Who are you?! You're trespassing, boy! I. . .
(singing in a whisper) Find out the truth - come to Paris with us.
The Her Royal Highness Princess Anastasia!
He was so cute ... Oyyy...
Where is Princess Anastasia...
She has friends.
She is not to get off that train... alive!
I don't care what you do with the others but finish the girl!
KILLLLL HERRRRR! (sinister) And have fun... Take her away, Sophie.
I must say, even my sisters were touched by her yes - yes they were... ... moved to tears of joy!
Take my hand!
By pulling my hair?!
(to herself) Men are such babies... Here, let me You're a princess... Royalty do not help people with their luggage.
Oy... not a road trip.
Travel broadens your horizons... We'll catch her and finish her! (he grabs the, reigns) We ride this night!
Well,	we wait this night!
We must convince Sophie that you are the Princess before we'll be granted a meeting with the Empress ... your grandmother, I mean.
You never said anything to me about having to prove I'm a Princess!
I'm not exactly... (sadly to herself) ... good enough... (to others) I can't go through with this!
What do you see? See?
The Princess is under there ... Ah! Let us begin!
You were born on the Adriatic sea at the summer palace, where the parties and the buffets were marvelous .... ...and on my father's side, there was [THIS SECTION IS NOT LEDGABLE] Every Russian family has one.. (gets it) Natasha!
(can't remember, then exasperated) (hinting) It's the best fork of all The dessert fork! (lost in a memory of rich desserts) Ah, yes ... I have always loved that fork... What a beautiful ship!
Oh, yes it was the seagoing vessel of elaborate elegance in entertaining... (looks at Dmitri and Anya explaining) A party boat.
You'll laugh.
It's not you - it's the dress!
You're lucky you don't remember the revolution -- I never had much, but what I did have -- I lost.
You gotta make your own way in the world!
Nice looking fellow.
You are toying with me, aren't you?
Hold on, darlings!
You have the qualities of a princess you're poised and strong... and beautiful ... even if you forget a couple dates of family names - she'll know.
We're going to see Tatiana at the ballet tonight and we're going to be rich!
Rich!
(deeply grateful) But you never doubted who I was, did you, Dmitri?
Not for a second ... Life is funny, isn't it.
She's a princess and you're a commoner.
Lovers!
We better go.
There is your grandmother... She's so beautiful!
I'm so scared... Don't be And grateful.
Please!
please. . .
Who are you, child?
Please!
(gestures to CHERUBS in the wallpaper) Look, Bartok, little angels, the symbol of ... love.
So sweet, so harmless.
You are going to make a beautiful princess.
You are the boy ... (uncomfortable) I should go That last night in the palace... one boy showed us kindness and courage.
I'm glad you	did too.
Enjoy your fortune.
You are going to help me kill her... her...then as I say "Her Serene Highness Princess Anastasia" you, your Highness, should walk out on to the stage and greet your I believe her highness understands what she has to do.
Oh, yes, Grandmama - I wait until I hear... No, not about the ceremony, Anastasia - do you understand the choice you must make.
You're my friend!
Your home is in your heart, in the future that you make for yourself.
(announcing) Her Serene Highness, the Princess Anastasia!
Now, they'll get to see it finished!
You saved my life in the palace!
You love me.
Take my hand!
(smiling now) We're down to a "couple" now, huh?
People are beginning to talk about us... Don't worry, I'll save your honor.
These are precision tools here.
Good.
(laughs) Monks bottle their own wine.
Trust me.
You really love flashing that thing, don't you?
Good.
(Smiles ironically) Watch your step, Siri.
"Friends"?
A friend is the one you can trust.
Mr. Funny Shoes.
Chuy, listen to me.
Mr. Funny Shoes... Josh, what was Immigration's countdown?
One's a leaf-cutter ant in the Amazon...
We're here to deal.
Hey, buddy!
Get off my track... Sweet Jesus... Heya.
(Kisses her on the cheek.)
Great crowd.
No such thing, baby.
You better come in with me.
Help me through.
Mr. Funny Shoes.
You said that thing was big as your hand.
I promise.
Funny.
Please.
Mr. Funny Shoes.
Those things bring juice to the new stations.
We gave the Judas that code... (quotes) "...and behold he will come that walks as a man, yet is not a man- ..." This, is our baby Peter.
Please!
One's green.
He trusted me.
Okay, people... ...are we ready for this?
Jump in.
Peter... I'm really glad I'm not pregnant.
Mommy, there's people... (Adrenaline pumping) We-can-do-this!!! It'll be fine... it... They're still down there.
We'll seal the whole system, go in with whatever it takes... It'll be fine...
It tastes funny.
(beat) Have you figured it out yet? (smiles) You probably have... (beat) Give me a hint Colleen... Is it bigger than a bread box?
Whoever it was, is very strong and can jump pretty high.
Get their minds -- your mind, on everyday things.
It's good medicine.
It's good advice... (beat) Say hi to Marcia for me.
Book money.
Third book from the left honey.
In less than an hour a couple hundred people get the same brilliant idea and here we are... on the verge of mass hysteria.
Your water is fine.
It's a kind of faith.
You were always good at that... Believing in things you couldn't see.
The crazies were right.
Everything people have written about in science books is going to change.
The history of the world's future is on the TV right now.
(beat) Everything they wrote in science books is about to change.
But there are a lot of people watching this, who think it's a miracle.
She was just sitting there, looking beautiful and staring at me.
It was a miracle.
I'm a miracle man.
Those lights are a miracle.
Don't throw away your life son.
Hand to hand combat.
Sounds made up.
There are lights in the skies over an estimated two hundred and seventy four cities.
She was smiling.
The family room.
Spaghetti sounds great.
Good choice... I'm going to have a cheeseburger with bacon.
(smiles) Extra bacon.
What's the matter with everyone?
(beat) We are going to enjoy this meal.
Nothing can stop us from enjoying this meal!
Enjoy!
They'll read our minds!
It's getting stronger.
I'm close.
Be strong baby... It'll pass.
(beat) We won Graham.
(beat) But we held strong.
Yeah baby.
You got me' word on that... (sincere) ...and a MacGowan's word is truer than an angel's kiss!
You better start talkin'.
Vacation's over.
I fancy me'self quite the fisherman... Tomorrow, I'll go out and catch you a real beauty, eh?... (sarcastic smirk) Right.
A MacGowan's word is truer than... Yeah, yeah...an angel's kiss.
You promised.
Ten days!
Capital V... I... (hands him paper) This better be important, Marcus... or the museum will soon be displaying my bones.
(smiles) You will not be disappointed, Indiana.
"Sun wu Kung, The Stone Monkey King".
Your passion?
Please.
(passionate) My friend, if there is even one iota of truth in Dr. Clarke's findings... then you can lift the veil of mystery that has surrounded this Chinese legend for Centuries.
Indiana... Can you afford to pass up the single most important adventure of your life?
You're young.
Two hours from now, you'll be madly in love with him.
(looks to sky) Oh, Keechingo, God Of Friendship...I thank you for granting my wish!
Proving my love for you.
(to Clare) Puppy love.
I've already celebrated my tenth Birthday.
A bite from the fruit of that peach tree would give a person eternal life...make them forever young... There's nothing unusual about this ...nothing to indicate that it's from Sun Wu Kung's garden...
(anxious, looking at Scraggy) His disciples always carry the Pai Cho with them... Can you translate it?... Get...him...off...of...me...! "Sun Wu Kung run like fire, He journey to Many Monkey Land, To build his final empire."
We should be havin' fun.
Let's dance.
Huh? African Tribal dances.
Enjoying your dinners?... Watch yourself, sport.
I love it when you don't shave.
How 'bout a little goodnight kiss?
A Stone Monkey, "Sun Wu-Kung", was born.
More than human.
He was blessed with countless heavenly powers...
Sun Wu-Kung wanted to learn the secret of Eternal Life... of Immortality... (pause) Equipped with his Golden Hooped Rod to protect him, Sun Wu Kung travelled the world for many years ...learning the secret philosophies and teachings of Eternal Youth.
Eventually, he was granted entrance to heaven...where the Jade Emperor gave Sun Wu Kung the title of "Great Sage of the Heavens"...and permitted him to oversee the Garden of Immortal Peaches.
What about Sun Wu Kung?... Whatever he was...a stone idol...an actual monkey...a human being...is unknown.
Make sound like human never hear before.
I'm in the mood for passion.
Not till I get a kiss.
I am a respected...honored... admired... C'mon...
We smash into rock wall!... No!... Trust me!... Full steam ahead!... Full steam ahead !... Wait... Free the girl... (glances to his captive friends) ...and my friends... (lights a match, moves it toward TNT fuses) ...or I blow your hideout here out of the water!
Good.
We can take you to the Lost City of Sun Wu Kung! Hah! Better men than you have tried to find the Lost City...
I do it for pleasure.
(anxious, excited) Good.
That sound.
I tell him we divine messengers of Sun Wu-Kung.
Call your mommy.
It is "Magical Mirror of Sun Wu Kung"...
Only the bravest play.
"The Nazi Party will exist for one thousand years...and I wish to be alive for every year!" (pause) That is a favorite philosophy of our feuher.
They will rest...enjoy the pleasures of my newfound kingdom... (kisses a woman, and pushes her away) Then we shall exterminate these worthless people!
Free.
What?!?... Before battle... General always give speech to inspire troops.
He's...dead... But... It's... It's the middle of the night... Sun always shine in the Garden of Immortal Peaches.
These are the peaches that make one ...forever young?... What does it say?... (translating) "Our Lord... Our Master... Sun... Wu... Kung" Damn you, Jones!
This is a garden of life...
He is a heavenly being.
Return their souls!...
Return their souls!
I was fascinated by your bravery...your passion...in searching for me.
The honor is mine, Doctor Jones.
With my city alive again...I will be able to return to the heavens.
(warm smile to Indy and the others) Goodbye...my dear friends.
She is a wonderful treasure... Eh?... We had a deal.
It is not my way of life!
The garden of immortal peaches promises life only to those who are pure in heart.
Why?... Clare is a brilliant teacher.
, late 20's, Marrow's pretty T.A., Malcolm, this is essential work I'm doing.
And that will be a good place to end this study.
And she helps me.
Thank you.
And why did you hire me for this?
Thank you.
Good.
I put my favorites on the top.
Okay... this one's good... Extrovert Feeler... Okay...
Say thank you, Spencer.
You and I? We're going to have fun.
Breakfast is at nine.
THEO (cont'd) I'm supposed to be an artist, but I've been really distracted from work by love.
It has a little flower garden.
(under a leering gargoyle) Oh yes! Oh yes oh YES! Here! THEO (cont'd) Can't you just see it?
I love this house.
(having fun) Rats!
Join the club.
Good enough.
I can keep a secret.
And listen to this: his beautiful Rene killed herself.
But he built this for the woman he loved, like the Taj Mahal.
After dinner first bland history of House relayed.
Luke, who tested at the bottom of the Levy-Mogel Confidence Reliability Scale was given the second part of the story.
Good night, Theo.
Happy tossing and turning.
Good night, Theo.
For an American you do a good imitation of the British at their most apologetic.
Well this is a cozy breakfast.
Good morning, Theo.
Welcome Home?
Oh... it's so beautiful... NELL (cont'd) Violets.
Thank you, Mister Dudley, please... House is full of stories.
MARROW (cont'd) You're smiling.
I was just thinking how happy I am right now.
And I thought, oh, I'll never have that, adventures are for people who travel long distances, that's for soldiers, that's for the women that the bullfighters fall in love with.
I'm getting my adventure.
A communal story.
I started our story when I gave you the history of Hill House.
Go to the great hall and look in the fireplace!
I gave my key to the gate to Todd, but the Dudleys'll be here in the morning.
What'd you come back for, babe?
And my great grandmother Carolyn hummed it to her.
You better go.
That's how he built the house.
Great Grandma Carolyn.
I'm going to find an apartment with a little flower garden, where you can just see the ocean and at night, when the wind comes in just right, you can hear the sound of the harbor.
PRINTER (cont'd) (reads) This book is dedicated to Eleanor Vance, Luke Sanderson, Rene Crain and Carolyn Crain.
(to Marrow) They'll be happy to see this.
Bracelet she was wearing.
But, I- Thanks.
Good boy, Schnozzie.
As the others watch, Glass rubs his fingertips ritualistically and carefully eases the top off the box.
He is! Look, it's important.
Thanks.
Come back to this job when things cool.
He sets a timer, closes the briefcase, smiles.
He grins and follows her in.
A trendy Irish Pub, a sparse lunch crowd.
She gives him a once-over, turns up her nose, nods a `thanks' to the Bartender delivering her white wine.
We're doing you a favor.
I don't know... Yes, baby, yes ... Good boy, Schnoz.
Reilly follows.
Shadows wash over Reilly and Glass as they retrace the path Reilly and Rice took the night before, Glass searching intensely, Reilly getting more and more uncomfortable.
An abandoned machine shop... nice place to build devices.
The worst of the bunch, they love the challenge of creating the wildest device ever... and they love the carnage.
Reilly follows.
They make bowling balls out of vulcanized rubber ... Resin... Lane oil... (beat, proud of his team) A bowling alley.
The Studebaker and Harley swerve up to a run-down, windowless bowling alley, park in a red zone.
I gotta look good, right?
A busy Saturday afternoon crowd.
More coffee, T.J.? No thanks, Meg.
Hawed Pooch ever get so lucky?
No thanks, I'm fine.
Say goodnight.
(to Glass, Reilly) Goodnight Uncle Charlie, goodnight Uncle Mike.
Played the part too well.
Reilly gives him the watch.
Good.
Easy, that's it.
Reilly gives it a tweak, looks at the watch, surprised.
We've created a monster.
Coffee, Mike?
She smiles warmly.
He listens out the window for the SIRENS, he looks up at the sound of approaching HELICOPTERS.
She forces a smile.
Something round, two wires ... That's the blasting cap - good! Okay, now grab it by the base and pull it straight up.
Too easy.
Thanks.
Nice work.
Reilly is cleaned up, shaven, haircut, new suit... a new man.
Winters look up, impressed with the change.
Mayor loves a hero.
Winters hands Reilly an envelope and a new badge.
Thank you, Captain.
They smile warmly at each other.
Hey, you look great.
T.J. flinches, but she winks at him to calm him down.
Reilly smiles and he sits next to Glass, hands him the transfer papers envelope.
(softening) Welcome to the family.
Young Edward pulls the jacket around him and smiles, still scared, but happy to see the Deputy.
SMALL BOY (age 8) sits next to Carnby, looking up at him.
You ate cheese with dinner.
The Small Boy has a Halloween-themed coloring book open on his lap.
The First Mate pulls out a revolver and points it right at Hudgens' face.
He walks down the front path and out into the night.
Then the contents of a third drawer start to glow.
0 40 his better be good, Miles.
The others are back.
Edward, thank god! Linda, what's wrong?
He smiles at the Children.
Welcome home, Edward.
Thank you, Sophie.
Sophie sneaks a look back at Carnby as she enters the house.
Sister Clara approaches Carnby, smiling warmly.
A YOUNG GIRL (age 8) runs up to them.
Carnby smiles at the Young Girl and she ducks behind Sister Clara.
Aline and Carnby listen.
Everything is quiet.
The sound of HELICOPTERS can be faintly heard in the distance.
Carnby listens against the door.
The dim lights suddenly flicker and come back on at full strength, bathing the debris of the battle in a warm glow.
Readings gone.
They saved our lives.
It glows yellow in his hand.
Carnby puts the scanner down on a counter and allows himself to relax as he enters the Loft.
Carnby walks over to his bed.
His body sinks down, finally relaxing.
He closes his eyes, feeling the substance flow into him.
But then a slight, involuntary smile comes across her face.
Aline fishes in her purse and pulls out a set of keys.
Sweet dreams... Have you been meeting with Carnby?
And I trust him.
The moment the helicopter touches down, Burke leaps out, barking into his comm-link.
Something's definitely down there, sir.
But not every story starts to come true.
It's picking up high electromagnetic readings.
Readings are getting stronger.
Agent Barr shines his light across the concrete wall.
Good morning, Dr. Silberman.
Fine, Sarah.
The delusional architecture is interesting.
And also that the father of her child was a soldier, sent to protect her... he was from the future too... (he smiles) The year 2029, if I remember correctly.
Easy money!
Be he took off on his bike this morning.
Do you have a photograph of John?
This is a dream, Sarah.
I love you.
There is not fate but what we make for ourselves.
They 30B A BEAUTIFUL SUNLIGHT MORNING.
You're the one living in a dream, Silberman, not me!
So what's the deal?
(filtered) Wolfy's fine, honey.
But it can form solid metal shapes.
56A In John's bedroom the T-1000 begins searching methodically in the We spent a lot of time in Nicaragua... places like that.
The T-1000's highest probability for success now would be to copy Sarah Connor and wait for you to make contact with her.
Oh, great.
He's here to help.
A monochrome image of the highway lit bright as 81C Terminator replies in a matter-of-fact tone.
Will these heal up?
That's good.
More human.
The man most directly responsible is Miles Bennet Dyson, Director of Special Projects at Cyberdyne Systems Corporation.
I can't Miles, it's Sunday.
Your heart and your mind are in here.
(she stares at the metal box in her hands) But it doesn't love you like we do.
(in Spanish) Good to see you, Connor.
Honey, take Pacolito.
Thanks, baby.
Excellent.
I love you, John.
There's no way I'm going to finish the new processor now.
It has finally been 194A CLINK!
Come on!! 203A ANGLE ON ITS HAND as it touches a railing in passing.
The railing is 203B The T-1000 looks at its yellow-and-black striped hand.
With each step, the pattern on the Keep going.
It is a cul-de- 204C Terminator grabs the T-1000 and hurls it with awesome force against 204D T-1000 morphs trough itself, front to back... face emerging from the 204E It comes off the wall straight at Terminator, who smashes his good 204F But the T-1000's head morphs in a split-second into a hand which grips 204G The T-1000 slams Terminator into a large machine, jamming his arm into Mom!
Sugarplum, you coming into bed?
I's in love with you.
Married a gal named -- Starla Covington.
Loves me too much, that one.
Buddy?
You better take it easy.
Hey ya', Grant.
What were ya', night-fishing again?
I love you, sugarplum.
Grant, what's that?
You goin' to the Deer Cheer this weekend?
Well... having us a little dinner party... I'd say... eight.
Hey there, handsome.
Took the kids to his Mom's for the weekend.
And love.
Starla LAUGHS out loud.
You ready, sugarplum?
Glad you're here.
Grant?
Grant, where are y -- ?
Grant.
Said I should be fine, in a couple days.
Please?
I see a butterfly.
Your momma wasn't too proud when you came out neither, Wally.
Belongs to a family, the Strutemyers'.
Why? Listen, it doesn't matter.
Boys are fine, Brenda.
Why would they want that!? Kylie glances out the window beside the tub, at the starry sky and crescent moon, beautiful and still.
Prune, Mom.
G'night.
Is he alive?
Marriage.
But it's my nature, ain't it?
But I didn't - didn't think you'd love me no more.
You don't look so good.
No. 'Less you talkin' about that new waitress down at Sloan's! Ha ha! Shelby -- Oh, shit!
Kylie, honey.
Please.
It spreads, grows.
He was too old -- But he was handsome.
I flirted with him.
Grant?
Grant?
Grant?
You did some real interesting decorating here.
Look, the sun's starting to come up.
Like when we danced.
And when you... made love to me here on the bed.
Grant.
To prove I love you more than him!
Good.
Your kind is pure of heart - the devil won't dick with you.
This summer at church camp?
Sure-is-sweet.
We love you, Jack! Hey, well, I love you lunch ladies!
I just want to say that there are only three things I want in life - to someday become a senator of this great state...
I want to go to the homecoming dance with Diane Weston.
Overnight people were going, like -- "Oh, they're the perfect couple!" "They're so cuuuuuuuuute!"
Well, there's a Christmas card.
I obviously wasn't there the night they all met, but it was probably a super goober fest.
(mocking Jack's Dad's voice) "I don't know how he can concentrate with your lovely Diane cheering on the sidelines?!" "Ha, ha, ha, ha..." Ucht! Hold on a minute.
Oh, oh, mother of the bride - I'm allowed!
I have our baby.
(trust and love in his eyes) Diane, I've loved you ever since I first saw you -- right before you kicked me in the head.
(suddenly happy) Oh my G-d!
Then they put your baby good home and you come back - a little dazed and puffy - but everything's fine!
(stilted) Welcome to Burger Bin.
Yeah - well, after football practice.
You're hired!
I'm on top of the world!
(holding box of cookies) Hey, Di, if we have a girl, we should dress her like Little Debbie!
Good.
But your baby brain's got no idea that Fruit Loops are, like, a million times better.
Will it ever end?! (yelling to the store) I love this lady!
(rubbing her belly) But we agreed your job is running the baby machine...
Hey, Di! (in a funny voice) Hello, I'm the little professor.
Baby, we are living the great American Dream!
She's ready, I'm ready, she's ready, I yell, "One-fifty four, forty eight."
(to other social retards) Oh, me-me-me, mine's great.
(looking to tards, pleased with himself) Well now that you can't, y'know, (fuck) "sleep together," but you still sleep together, don't you ever get, like, just, super horny?
Ditto on "Wild Things."
Okay, so they won state - b.f.d.
We can skip the girl party this week.
(unconvincing) Everything's fine.
And you don't turn your back on family.
We all know he can't lie - that's why he's going to be such a great senator.
Now, if you guys were really friends, you'd remind her to take these.
At least I watched "Dog Day Afternoon!"
Besides, TV-LAND had a "Little House On The Prairie" marathon and the Ingalls made baby Carrie's bed in a dresser drawer.
I'm gonna visit my mom!
Thank G-d.
And I'd rather go out with a nice can...
Your help.
Gee, I'll sit out this afternoon's coffee talk.
My best friend got pregnant.
G-d already beat ya to it.
NO! Wait...um... (nervous, but smiling) We're the A-squad from Lincoln High?
For two-hundred I got a nice rubber band and a real sharp nail in back... I'll gift wrap it for you.
It was a pleasure meeting you.
Promise!
We're gonna make it, baby.
I'm practicing to have a baby right now.
My grandparents get back from dinner at four-thirty.
This is great - GREAT! Now we have to enter the front door!
Now, let's give a hands in... We're ready.
And this is going to be the best bank robbery ever, because... (loud whisper) Cheer-leaders kick... (it's LUCY) SHH! It's me.
(deep, strong guy voice) Okay, down on the ground!
Better enjoy it now.
You guys - thank you! Can you believe we did it!? (reality hits) I mean, we did it.
My wife and I have two babies of our own and there's no accounting for the things they'll do when they're in that "condition."
Oh man, that's so my fantasy - life size Bettys tellin' me what to do.
(laughing) That's right.
(first smile in a while) Thanks, Cleo.
(still perky) Morning, sunshine.
Hey, hey, hey, not so fast... Following your dream is not a crime.
You see what I mean... Okay, so you had a dream about this place.
Well ... it's the second one I've had, but they were both the same......they start out that I'm in here but it's not day or night.
It's been so nice travelling with you.
Thank you, Irene.
I was so excited and nervous.
(smiling) Okay Irene.
Won't that be the day.
Thanks again.
Where to? (smiling excitedly) 1612 Havenhurst.
Pleased to meet you.
Nice man... farmer I hear.
It's written all over that pretty face of yours..
Honey, all the great ones came through here at one time or another.
Whatcha doin' these days?
The story made you laugh.
Yeah, that's a funny story.
Help me out.
We'd be happy to put her in the pile for considerations ... you'd be pleased to know there's quite a lot of interest in this role.
Hold on!!!!!!!! There's no way, there's no way!!! Napkin.
That was a highly recommended... That's considered one of the finest espressos in the world , Sir.
There's no way that girl is in my movie!
That girl is not in my film!!!
It's more beautiful than I ever dreamed ... no she left me a lot of food.
Home! Meet me at the office.
your gardener.
It's good to see you again.
The garden looks great.
It's better that way.
Let's get you home ... goodnight Betty.
Have a good evening, Mr. Kesher.
Oh, Jason thought it would be a good idea for me to meet the Cowboy.
Get out before I call my dad ... he trusts you ... your his best friend.
But you are good.
Thank you dahling! (into phone) Hello ... Ruthie... How's the great up north?
I met her in junior college and she was from this other town.
(we hear laughter from inside and Rita call out.)
His name's Wally Brown .... great guy.
He trusts you... you're his best friend.
(to everyone) Wow!
Baby, you got a way!
You've done your Aunt proud and I'm going to tell her the first chance I get.
Well, thank you.
Thank you, Wally.
Our pleasure, Sarah, and don't you be a stranger.
We'd love to see you around here again real soon.
Thank you again, Mr. Brown.
They seem very nice to me, and Wally...
I love Wally.
I was married to him for ten years.
It was really great of you to come in.
I love this script!
I love you, but there's no way they're gonna let me cast this thing until I've seen everyone.
It'll be my pleasure.
I promised a friend.
(continuing) Congressional Medal of Honor.
Plus, what else? Two Silver Stars, four Bronze Stars, two Soldier's Medals, four Vietnamese Crosses of Gallantry and... uh, a handful of Purple Hearts.
Good to meet you, Rambo.
Finally, we feel we've got enough to proceed on.
In the rhubarb, babe.
Cream?
You'll have a good moon.
(into mike) Here comes the sexy part.
I love it!
She likes you.
Listen, Kirkhill.
Can't stand... can't sit... for days.
De Fravio.
(shakes his hand) Good to meet you, Dave.
That's right, buddy.
Thank God... thank you... We'd better go for the emergency LZ at point Zulu Sierra.
(scowling at his watch) Let's get that tent down!
Well, I caught this cobra, see...
Thanks lady.
(smiling) Eat slowly.
We'd better roll.
More than we pay.
You'll be walking funny.
Best effort.
It was clean.
But no... Rambo's gotta be a hero.
You can't get approval to rescue a kitten from a tree after Tehran.
Watch "Dynasty."
You too easy.
Brothers.
A flower like that need good soil to grow.
Make soil rich.
Grows most beautiful flower.
Many beautiful flowers.
... you're gonna love it there.
It'll be great.
(awed) 'Palm.
Here, gimme a hand.
And now you live on Route 9 in Ludlow, and your dad's gonna be the new doctor up to the college, I hear, and I think you're going to be just as happy as a clam here, Ellen Creed.
ELLIE (to LOUIS) Are clams really happy?
It's nice to meet you.
It's damn good to see people in it again.
It's a good story, and a good walk, too.
Great.
Well, come on up and have a beer.
Good for you.
God, that's fine.
Listen to this, Louis.
I love it.
(Pause) One more time--welcome to Ludlow.
LOUIS (great sincerity) Thank you, Mr. Crandall.
JUD (smiles) Another day--after you get settled in a bit.
Church!
God, you scared the life out of me! Waow! LOUIS (to the cat) I know one thing that will keep you home, good buddy.
My God! It's beautiful!
JUD (smiles) Ayuh, it's a funny word, ain't it?
JUD (stopping) This is the place, honey.
What's it say, mommy?
She was a little over-excited, that's all.
He can't help it, babe.
Good God! Where'd you hear that?
Honey, Church will be fine.
And Church will be fine.
LOUIS (reluctantly) Church will be fine.
I promise.
Have a great day!
Thank you, Missy, for introducing that colorful phrase into my daughter's vocabulary.
Thank God.
Have a great first day at school, doc.
Holy Jesus.
Stat! Vic! Vic! Oh Christ!
GIRL (struggling) No! No! He can't die!
LOUIS (low) Thank God my Blue Cross is paid up.
God, this is amazing!
LOUIS (amazed) Holy...! JUD (turns to look) Come on, Louis--don't stop!
This next bit's like the deadfall, Louis-- you got to walk steady and easy.
There's a lot of funny things down this way, Louis.
It makes funny shapes, but it's nothing.
JUD (voice) Should be deep enough.
Pax vobiscum, Church old buddy.
I doubt if you were worth all this aggravation, but you were a hell of a good cat.
What we did, Louis, was a secret thing.
What we done was right.
Hi, Dory...it's Louis-- RACHEL (voice) You want to talk to the birthday girl?
LOUIS (sings) Happy birthday to you/Happy birthday to you/Happy birthday, dear Ellie/Happy birthday to you! ELLIE (voice) That was awful, daddy.
Fine...except when Mom was airing Gage's diaper rash, he walked away and got into Grampa's study and pooped in Grampa's favorite chair.
I got two dresses...and a Chatty Cathy doll... ...and a Garfield radio!
MINISTER (voice) May the Lord bless you and keep you; may the Lord make his face to shine upon you, and comfort you, and lift you up, and give you peace.
Amen.
This babe has said enough.
Huh? Missy made the best chocolate chip cookies in the world--even Mom said so.
Just like I have faith that it is now time for Ellen Creed to get ready for bed.
continues) ...who finally got up enough guts to talk to the town fathers about it.
We love dead!
I helped myself.
TIMMY (laughing, screeching voice) Ooo air?
Let me go! TIMME (laughing) Love dead!
Be good to your mother, darlin'.
RACHEL (shouts) Hop in, baby.
Thank you.
If you only understood how important this is-- That's all right, babe.
JUD (to the cat) How did you--?! Thank you so much.
Church!
GAGE (voice) Mommy already came.
Hi, Church.
GAGE (voice) Let's play, daddy!
There's a good place under the cupboard.
A good place for what?
Fine, we're fine, thank you, and you?
(filtered) Fine, we're fine in the circumstances.
Yes! (he looks at her, smiles) It was...it was unforgettable.
The width of the arms of the Star (reading) must be one centimetre.
Dance! Faster!
Dance!
Good, they're here.
Sit down, have tea, I'll start lunch when the girls get back.
He brought cakes.
Amazing.
I've come here as a friend.
Your whole family can have a better life.
(a smile) Yes, please.
You're a great pianist.
And we've got an excellent police jazz band.
They'd welcome you with open arms.
Join us.
You're amazing, Jehuda.
You're an artist, Wladek, you keep people's spirits up.
Majorek, this is the greatest pianist in Poland, maybe in the whole world.
Meet Majorek.
Brilliant man.
You'd better go now, Wladek.
What did you pay him?
Pay him?
That's also my business.
Be at the Schultz Workshop, tomorrow, four o'clock.
You see what a wonderful piece of luck you've had today?
(quietly, to Halina) She smothered her baby.
A beauty.
Good people.
I was pleased to see you.
A good man.
We're in good shape.
(in English) I have important and good news for you.
Isn't that what you Jews are best at?
Good people.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
I've given him a second key.
He's with the underground, a good man.
And you'll be pleased to hear the Allies are bombing Germany night after night - Cologne, Hamburg, Berlin.
My grandfather was jilted by his girl friend when he got jaundice.
(chuckles.)
Food's more important than time.
Oh, yes.
Thank God.
I'll play the piano again.
(a crooked smile) Good name for a pianist.
You took my soul!
Welcome.
Good.
It's a nice house.
Good.
Are you O.K.? Today is bath day.
Today is bath day.
Bath day?
Happy bath day.
Syevodnya Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday.
Party syevodnya.
Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday dear Nadia...
You seem very nice.
Good.
We better watch him.
So I come to England with other actors to make shows, I meet this freak from Novgorod I tell him of you and Chicken and the birthday here we are.
I asked her if you were happy to see us.
It's no surprise to want to love.
It is the greatest human disaster and it is never in the newspapers.
And still we know in secret that nothing is more important to us.
Here is Life, there, take it.
Good.
(pause) Is love.
The moon and the stars and the sun.
This is a love song, a soldier's song to his beloved -- Alexei, he's Afghanstya, a veteran of Afghanistan.
Lovely car.
Good night.
That's normal friendship stuff I paid for those guitar cases.
The sets were good.
The sets were excellent.
Everything was big, you know, all the rubbish, coke cans, sweet wrappers, dustbins, so when you were watching it you felt cat size.
You know what I mean babe, It's enough.
Say thank you.
Thank you.
We're going to have a baby.
We're having a baby.
(in English) Great.
Good morning.
We only do a croissant with the Continental breakfast.
One coffee.
In my job as Deputy Assistant of New Business at the bank would have to listen to the problems of a great many individuals.
That's got to smart a bit.
It's makes it easier.
It's nice to know I'm a regular guy.
I'm going to drink my coffee.
Thank you.
Thanks.
It's his baby I take it.
It's pretty clear he wants to see me again.
Funny.
What happened between you and the blonde?
The thin... the girl with small eyes.
Your best friend?
She's alive?
She's alive!!
Laugh it up.
Thank you.
Please.
I love you.
I'm happy.
You still love me?
Come on babe.
You have excellent English.
Thanks.
Thank.
Sure, I'd love to go up against some of these guys ... be a nice break from these accounting creampuffs you keep sending me.
SARK (impressed) Nice.
Welcome to luxury living.
Not for long, friend.
Think we can merge into this mem'ry okay, good buddy?
(eagerly) 10-4!
(coming into shape again, but red this time) No!
Thanks for coming back early.
It's our friend the boy detective.
Interesting, interesting.
Beautiful!
Great.
(continuinq) Hey! Good to see you guys!
Nothing classes up the place like a cleancut young couple.
(stretching his arms, relaxing) So...how's the world of serious science?
Touche, honey.
He's so bright that he starts going in there at night, and sets up a private memory file, and begins writing a program for a video game he is inventing, called... (waves at one of the games in the room) ...Space Paranoids.
I've got a little challenge for you, Sark -- a new recruit.
I'm worth a couple million of their man-years!
(relieved) Well, great, that's no sweat -- I play video games better than anybody.
In the b.g.
Flynn is getting better.
(sitting down against a rock) Well...my home "sector" was called Paramus ... (sits also) PARAMUS... wonder what those initials stand for ... (starts counting them off on his fingers) ...probably Program Assist Routine -- well, it sounds like a lovely place.
Oh, that's nice.
You always forget how good fresh energy feels, till you get to a pure source... (to Flynn) Have some...you'll need it.
(to lieutenant) Make contact with master Control... (smiles) he'll be pleased to hear we're all finished with that User he sent us.
You don't look so good.
(smiling, hugging her tightly) Yori... hey... Oh, Tron...
You're beautiful, Yori.
This honey doesn't handle so good in town... (agreeing) No, nuh-uh, never in a million years!
Hey, everything's okay.
(to the Bit) This town's full o' live ones.
Sounds like they were routing a payroll, for all the heart they put in it.
It is time for the new order to begin...
I hope you've enjoyed being a command program, Sark.
(buzzing around Tron's head like a fly) No way, not on your life, no siree!! Nothing doing, forget it!!! Flynn!! Greetings, program... (dumbfounded) You're alive!
(smiling) Flynn... (he turns to Flynn eagerly) Where's Ram?
A User -- in our world?
But -- if you're a User -- then everything you've done has been part of a plan ... (laughs) You wish.
Stranger and stranger...
(pats Tron on back) So... Nice ship you got here.
(smiles) Remember you wanted to pay a call on the MCP?
Thank God.
He came to our world... trying to help us... (despairing) If the Users can no longer help us... So... we have erased the program that - You! No!
(smiles) Less traffic.
You are participating in the creation of the single most powerful program in the history of the system... of all systems... (continuing) A program with a will... with ambition... a superior form of life... Go! Welcome!
Dumont, I'm so pleased that we've finally come to terms with one another...
I can rev this baby up a little (continuing) Wait a minute Yori! YORI!! LOOK! Flynn, we've got to help him!
It's starting We would have made a great team.
(before he sees Tron) It is very good that you...
I don't think it is good for you, MCP.
End of line, program... (laughing) Nice... It's something Users do.
He saved you.
Oh, that is beautiful.
Look, Mama...! I see, darling.
It's much nicer in Baltimore.
The kid in the funny black threads.
Who'd you see? Who'd you see, Sam?
(smiles right back) I'll buy a dog.
Go get a cup of coffee, Stan.
(shakes his head) Tell you what... why don't you and that blonde what's-her-name come over for dinner Sunday.
(mutters) Jesus... Good morning.
You're not carrying a bullwhip... how'd you manage to put my kids to work? (smiles) I made it a contest... the one who does best gets his cereal back first.
I brought your coffee.
(and) Look, I shouldn't have blown my top.
What's so funny?
The way he looked when you screamed at him.
It's not the Amish way.
Good appetite.
Oh yes!
I'll make coffee and breakfast.
Momma look.
Thank you for coming, Stoltzfus.
Rachel, this is a man's life, we hold it in our hands.
Thank you.
Thank you, Sheriff.
He was touched by God's hand.
He came the first day.
(a beat) Listen, thank you.
Thanks for everything.
And drink my of my tea.
(smiles) You tell him.
Friends?
Proud.
Quaint?
I'm going this morning.
Thanks.
Hurry up now, John Book! You'd better go.
(edgily) You hear me? (finally) I hear you.
Now English music... and you are dancing to English music!
I can not take a thing from your hand.
It's funny.
Book! Good to see you! Eli says you're a carpenter, Book.
Good.
We admire our work!
If... we'd made love, then, I couldn't leave.
(smiling) Lady, if you take my picture, I'll rip your brassiere off and strangle you with it.
I'm a friend of his.
That's God's way! Well in the City of Philadelphia, God needs a little help!
The other night... when you saw me after my bath... I...
(nods at Holmes) Good work.
Good.
Now listen (recovering) No, you listen.
Lady, I'm here to help you.
John Book! He'll live.
Listen to me as you never listened before.
Listen to me, Sam!
Talk nice.
Thanks.
Tarjetas de llamada!
(Sub: Coffee!
Thank god.
Thanks Luz, Hasta luego.
A hundred on the new guy!
$70 a day for yardwork.
Please join me in welcoming our great State Senator John McLaughlin! Make no mistake, my friends: We are at WAR.
You're good at it.
I'm gone, relax.
Good girl.
(Holds up X-Rays) This is amazing.
Hey, buddy.
That's a good word.
I'll come get you when he's ready.
Good.
Oh, honey that's-- But I don't want to marry him.
Good for you.
You're a beautiful girl, April, but that's a tough nut to crack.
(whispering to April) Are there cute guys on there?
He has help.
He's alive.
But bring him back alive.
Holy Mother of Christ.
The water's fine.
You want a wine cooler?
He's got the good stuff!
Holy... Well, well, Look what's come asking for Papa Von's help.
Sweet Jesus.
The day is upon us, my friends.
Heal up good.
You're not gonna think it's funny when I cut you a new twat.
Hijo de Puta! You're coming with me Maricons!
They're in a church.
God has mercy.
Give it here.
I'd just like to thank the all of you for your support during this difficult time.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Now I'm ready for dessert.
I saw to it that McLaughlin gave you the keys to this fortress.
Glory, glory, hallelujah.
What good is it... .. for a man to gain the whole world yet forfeit his soul?
Machete, we were friends.
It's his first year down here.
Here's an idea -- why don't you stay here with me and we'll party, just the two of us.
I'll have him meet you in the hangar.
Yeah, good.
I got a card from my Granddaughter inviting me to her fifth birthday party.
A grandchild? Doc, that's great.
It's time I deal with my life.
You're making my day.
That makes it my business.
A.M. or P.M.? Wonderful.
Beautiful country.
But this -- crazy place to make a living.
Give me a hand.
He was saving his own.
...Help me.
It's clean.
Thanks.
Thank her -- if she hadn't slowed your bleeding.
I'm good.
That can buy both of us a nice life back in the world.
How many times have we both talked about having a fresh start.
Ya know, it's really warm.
I'm gonna take a walk -- try and cool off.
Fiji's beautiful this time of year.
I can't hear you! -- You'd better come in.
Well, he's not here.
Be pleased -- you constantly inspire people to take an interest in your life.
Well -- nice to know life exists outside the office.
It's only majestic from here.
I'm writing a story about a man who wakes up one morning to find himself transformed into a giant insect.
I've read your stories.
They're fantastic.
If I could sculpt as well as that, I'd be quite proud of myself.
Anyway, I'd like you to reflect that in me you have -- I won't say a friend, because we're complete fencers, of course -- from distinctly incompatible social classes -- but to some extent, shall we say, an interested third party.
(offers his hand) I'm Kafka.
Well, we'd better move things from my old desk.
Eduard and I had lunch together one day ... and you saw us.
You were his best friend.
A better friend than me.
That he was -- satisfied in that regard.
What's funny?
I'm amazed that anyone is able to bear life with any assurance at all.
Strangers make better foes than friends.
Heralds of a new age -- does that sound immodest?
You were Eduard's good friend.
What a good detective you are.
I'm glad for you.
Such a song- and-dance about nothing.
Give it up.
One of our best customers.
(nods) Dr. Murnau was the bravest of men.
What good are records if they're not open for public inspection?
The Directors are an eccentric lot and by nature cautious.
Official channels -- a lot of good they've done me.
But look -- The Castle gates were blockaded in the time of the great plague -- it's an escape route.
Will you do me a favor then?
Please.
Thank you.
No ... ... I'm new.
And for the first time -- though your friend wasn't aware of it -- two and two could have been put together to make one.
It's only over when you can crawl to a clean little spot on earth where the sun sometimes shines and you can warm yourself a bit.
Day by day.
There's a new potion -- he said it was perfected.
It's easier that way.
Everyone in Amerika has a toaster in their building!
He said an orchid and a beautiful woman belonged together...
It was our first date.
He said that it was the orchid I wore that made him fall in love with me...
Thanks...
It is an amazing stone... ...what were you planning on doing with it?
Every problem has been anticipated...the Captain has assured me that we will be up and running in no time...so enjoy yourselves...there's nothing to worry about... Remain calm!
Then you better start swimming.
Good!
Care to see what dreams are made of Finnegan?
When I was a little bit of a pissant we lived down the road from where all the big cruise ships used to come into Sydney harbor... Mum and me we used to sit by our front door and watch them...she used to say "one day you're going to make your fortune in life on one of them..." Great woman your mother.
Let's keep going!
This is Red one!
I saved your life is what I did!
Open! Open! God damn it!! Help me!! They're coming!
This way! Hey you!
All right, be cool, everybody, nice and slow, no sudden moves.
Thank you, I work at it...
I heard you say you grew up in the projects in the Bronx...
Trillian Daley... Projects...South Chicago.
Help me!
Joey, what difference does it make...
Looking good...
It's the engine...it can hear the engine...it goes for the loudest sound... Oh we sail the ocean blue, and our mighty ship's a beauty.
We are strong men, yes it's true, and responsive to our duty... Hit it!
The two of you got a nice patter going...got a nice rapport...
How does an island sound to you?
One whistle... Start the engine... She's gone... Second whistle you make it to the deck and get ready to jump...
Go! Finnegan!!! Get to the jet ski! Go! Get a good look... Oh my God, oh my God.
Where's you friend?
Ah ha.
We had fun on that trip, didn't we?
It's good money, full benefits.
Thanks.
(flatly) Nice car.
Thanks.
Look, Amy, I'm not -- Sonofabitch!! My camera!
My brand new Nikon.
Nice of you to offer.
You gave her a ride.
Calm down, sir.
All right -- everybody just calm down.
Go right ahead.
Red Barr.
(thank God) Yes.
It's Jeff Taylor... Listen, I -- don't put me on hold!
Welcome to Brackett, Jeff.
(filtered) Good.
(a beat; listening) Gotcha.
(muffled) C'mon, baby, give it up!
Bring the girl and meet me at the barn...
Hey, Missus C. Well finally.
Are you coming to breakfast?
I love you.
(under his breath) Please, God, let her still be alive.
I'm not gonna hurt Mommy.
That's right, boy.
Reach into your pocket and hand the key to your wife.
Good.
Now give me the keys.
Good man.
Did you say tea?
Give my love to your daughter.
Thank you.
Better.
She helped you?
I brought you these flowers.
To say thank you.
You're better now?
Thank you.
It's wonderful.
It's beautiful.
You're good at it, aren't you?
Good at what? Reading.
Why are you smiling?
Got up at four thirty - and on your holidays too.
We've been together four weeks and I can't live without you.
Do you love me?
Read to me first, kid.
Then we make love.
Intrigue and Love, a play by Friedrich Schiller...
Many cities of men he saw and learned their minds, Many pains he suffered, heartsick at the open sea, Fighting to save his life and bring his comrades home... "And we will some new pleasures prove of golden sands and crystal brooks, with silken lights and silver hooks..." Come here.
I'd love to go bicycling.
We've got good news for you.
Your work is good, we're going to promote you.
Congratulations.
It's your birthday.
Come on, it's a surprise.
My friends were giving me a party!
War and Peace, kid.
I stayed at a friend's.
Your daughter.
Thank you.
It is silly.
Thank you for dinner.
Good night, Dad.
Exciting?
Good.
Brilliant!
And - better - `Why didn't you kill yourself when you found out?' Thousands!
And did you succeed?
You've grown up, kid.
It's a nice place.
Thank you.
We have a daughter.
I'd like to see a great deal more of her.
Good.
When I was a little girl, I had a tea-tin for my treasures.
It wasn't stolen for its contents.
Good.
Good.
Congratulations.
(to Rachel) I love you sweetheart (hugs her) see you in a few days.
I'd better get this upstairs.
It would be nice if he were done by the time we got back so we don't have to keep him up all night on Sunday.
(interrupts her) I love you mom!
I love you.
(begins walking over to Rachel) Listen to your father.
Oh, no shoes on the bed.
Listen, you tell your mother that Ray sends his love and kisses.
(laughs) She'll love that.
It's awesome.
From the health food place.
Not this time of year.
Come on, we can see better from the back yard.
Yeah, well it's not gonna hit there again because lighting doesn't strike twice in the same place.
26 times we counted!
Can you do that for me, darling?
CLOSE IT!
He begins to calm her down) This space right here, this is yours.
(to Ray) She's good.
Okay? So, were safe here.
(laughs) Since when?
Well, that's fine.
And in the morning your mom and Tim are going to be here and everything's gonna be fine.
Could you be a little nicer to me.
Good night, love you.
Love you, Rache.
Are we still alive?
When they flash that thing, everything lights up like Hiroshima.
(surprisingly calm) I'm taking the car.
(to herself) The trees are funny.
Robbie!?!?! Robbie!!! Here, grab my hand!! Hold on!
Help me with her.
Stay together!
Is that comfortable?
Hey, Robbie's gonna meet us, Rach, In Boston, at your grandma's.
Sing me "Hushabye Mountain"?
(begins to sing) I'm not bragging, baby.
Thank you.
... They defeated the greatest power in the world in a couple days.
Stay right there!
I have a daughter!
(he smiles) It's the cold that saved you.
It's clean.
Can I help you?
Great.
Please.
(cold here) That's great.
Well, this is great.
Americans love guns.
And that's the best angle of the courtyard?
I guess it's like Christmas every day for you, huh?
You are a friend of his? Yes.
His brother.
I trusted you.
Once we're safe.
-- they spend all the day -- all the night -- all time thinking about how to put Wombosi in that box! -- (he's just gonna keep going, and we're into--) -- there is no box for Wombosi! -- they don't have a box that can hold me! -- I know these people -- I know they never sleep!
Can I help you?
(please) This is it.
Thanks.
(finally) Look, our bid -- it was competitive -- but definitely at the high end of competitive -- when we didn't hear back from you, we did some re-analysis of the numbers, and honestly, we'd really like a chance to do a bit better.
Gorgeous boat, hundred-and-seventy- five-foot pleasure cruiser.
That'd be great.
His brother.
It's not in the book.
-- (the book) -- this is it, right?
He's the proud owner of an Alliance Security package.
Go back to the hotel.
You better come in.
(beat) There's enough in there to make a life.
Blackbriar is a joint, DOD, communications program that we really feel has good traction to it.
Can I help you?
GLADYS (cont'd) "Proud...to be...an...American."
Whoo! (suddenly looking O.C.) Hi, I-I'm Amber Atkins and, um, I'm signin' up k'cause, ah, my two favorite people in the world competed.
(laughing) Oh, my God, no.
I'm lucky I have an after-school job where I can practice my talent.
And this year...drum roll please, my lovely daughter, Rebecca Ann Leeman is competin'.
And I believe this pageant is an important experience for every young woman.
It, well, it teaches you what's really important in life, and it has the power to change you in ways you've never dreamed of.
"Jesus loves winners."
I'm gonna sing and dance to, "New York, New York."
See, I fell in love with The Big Apple last summer when I was visitin' my brother.
He followed his dream to New York.
Close.
Close.
Close.
Close.
Close.
Close.
Oh, sweet Jesus, what a showdown this could be if Cain and Abel... Ow! Oh, God.
(labored breaths) My winning...the Mount Rose... ...American Teen Princess Pageant... MARY (cont'd) ...really changed my life.
And me without a stitch of make-up on.
How nice, Becky, she's anorexic.
Her beauty worked against her when she started as a reporter in Louisville, her hometown.
(smiling) That's my mom.
That's enough, young lady.
Nice one, Dad.
...Yah-then, for the "Judges Interview," each girl has a ten minute get-together with the judges before the pageant... Yes, the Judges Interview..
Never judged a pageant before in my life.
(drinking beer) Let's just say who should win, who deserves to win is Amber.
See ya later.
Why do I think Becky'll win? You're talkin'... (to Annette) Don't pinch!. (back into camera) You're talkin' kbout the richest family in a small town.
(cool as a cucumber) He did?
Well, huntin's dangerous...So, anyways, my mom gave me this 30-aught for my sixteenth birthday... Amber, I need Stella now!
Well, your "cheap whore" is this family's "lovin' mother."
Relax, that's my ma's code for, "Bring home milk and a carton-a Luckys."
AMBER (cont'd) Mom! Mom!? MOMMMM!
She's alive, sweetie.
So are you about ready to start the judging - start the interview, there?
Green?
One with strong roots in a community like Mount Rose, a solid Christian trunk and long leafy branches to provide shade for handicapped kids on a hot summer day.
(laughing) I don't want to see that.
My mother, kcause she could solve world hunger with one of her blue- ribbon rhubarb pies, create world peace with one of her prayers and still find time to look beautiful...for my dad, Lester Leeman.
Oh-yah, I love to swim.
Thank you, hello.
W-E-S-T-V-I-R-G-N-I-A.
W-Y-O-M-I-N-G.
My mom and Mrs. Lopez make it.
(smiling to camera) My cousin just had a deaf baby and I get to go see it!
Thank you.
If Janelle hadn't wanted to change numbers... God, I owe my life to that deaf baby.
(reading from notecard) "I'd like to take you back seventeen years, when a peanut farmer was in the White House, a group-a boys callin' themselves kQueen' topped the record charts and Gladys Leeman was Gladys Wood and she was Mount Rose American Teen Princess!" (taking mic) Thank you, thank you.
(pausing for applause) Thank you, thank you.
Our next eontestant is ready, so let's welcome her: Tess Weinhaus!
(in the b.g.
That is not American Teen Princess language!
I-I... Please?
And let's be honest, a family only needs one "Liza" and you know Peter's got much better legs than me.
Oh c'mon, I love kem, but you know they only had me kcause Peter needed a kidney.
Now, it's with overwhelming pride that I introduce contestant number six, who also happens to be president of her class - two years running - a member of the honor roll and the new President of the Lutheran Sisterhood Gun Club - Rebecca Ann Leeman! (talking over music) I don't know how many of you know this, but I've got a very special fella in my life - that's right, I do...
BECKY (cont'd) You're just too good to be true.
At long last love has arrived and I thank God I'm alive.
BECKY (cont'd) You're just to good to be true.
Wow! GLADYS (cont'd) Voice of an angel, that one.
It smells funny.
Oh my God! My Baby!
You are a good person.
Good things happen to good people.
Let's get you a root beer float.
We get a "personal consultation" with a make- up artist -- Eeeh! Okay, um, there'll be a choreographer to the stars and, oh no -- No way.
Get your sweet ass off the bunk, Cinnamon.
AMBER (cont'd) Good night.
You were a beautiful baby.
And that day, your father got better.
Good day.
Good day.
Thank you.
Please.
Thank you.
It is not far at all, and it is a beautiful place.
Long life.
Long life.
Long life.
Long life, Lhamo.
He was the first Dalai Lama.
Now, you have chosen to come back to this life once again.
Your job is simple.
I am the good one.
NORBU ThUNDRUP I have smarter men.
Why is your beard so funny?
I believe that the Regent is asking for too high a reward for his part in finding the Dalai Lama.
Right now, we have a only a small Chinese mission in Lhasa, the first since the Thirteenth Dalai Lama threw them out in 1912.
How does one progress from the realization of one Noble Truth to another?
A wish to find a path to peace arises.
For all beings desire happiness.
I love to jump! Heed the warning of your predecessor.
Please.
Patience is the first of the Six Perfections.
To be born when the teaching of Buddha is alive."
In the words of Shantideva: "With the boat of this precious life, You can cross the waters of Samsara.
Listen to this, Norbu.
(he reads): To Mr Truman The President of the United States of America I am glad that you are enjoying the best of health and doing good service to uplift the happiness and prosperity of the whole world.
Here, I am well and doing my best for the religion of Lord Buddha and welfare of all beings.
Now, as his great army, stands idle on our borders, Chairman Mao has presented Tibet with three demands: One, Tibet must accept that it is part of China.
We can deal with it now.
Make him Dalai Lama now!
I believe we must make no concesions to the Chinese.
"Tibetans have for long lived a cloistered life in their mountain fastness, remote and aloof..." I was never alone.
Don't eat all those sweets.
Do you remember the day I came to your monastery, when I was a baby?
And you comforted me?
Eighteen, wonderful.
Did you love your husband, before you married?
I loved his brother, but then, I married his brother, too.
The land has stayed in the family.
Look for a strong woman, not too occupied with her beauty.
This little brother was terribly sweet.
So, my mother did this, and a few years later, a new boy was born.
I have a good friend back in Lhasa.
He is coming to meet you.
Thank you.
More food, the best land for your soldiers to camp.
You will face great difficulties, Holiness.
The mission of China is to bring progress to Tibet.
Help its people develop democracy.
We welcome you, Tibet, back to the Motherland!
I am so glad that Tibet has come back to the Motherland.
The pace of reform must meet with the desires of the Tibetan people.
Good.
Tibet is a great country.
A a wonderful history.
Have a sweet.
A staircase for achieving liberation.
Ah, Dalai Lama, thank you for coming so late.
Industrial progress.
Great efficiency.
It undermines the race and it retards the progress of the people.
"Right will be victorious."
"The Gods will be avenged!"
(surprised) Ted!
It takes so many things to make love last.
Thank you.
We have the heart here ready for surgery and we must have the recipient on the operating table within six hours.
Also, it's important that... OPERATOR (v.o.) Excuse me.
Look, you'll be back in town tomorrow night.
OVEUR (v.o.) Good evening, this is Captain Oveur speaking.
BASTA (v.o.) Thank you, Clarence.
Ali McGraw announced another spin on the marriage-go-round.
Thank you.
I didn't go there that night to fall in love, I just dropped in for a couple of drinks.
We laughed, we talked, we danced, I never wanted it to end and I guess I still don't.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Cream?
Oh, Ted, I never knew I could be so happy.
These past few months have been wonderful.
I love you, Elaine.
I love you.
HAMMEN'S THOUGHTS (v.o.) Jim never has a second cup of coffee at home.
Yes? There's a little girl on board who's ill and... Oh yes, I saw.
Oh, I think that would be nice.
Oh, I'd love to.
Okay, this is one of my favorites.
(strumming and singing in ballad tempo) 'I've traveled the banks of the River Jordan, to find where it flows to the sea.' 'I looked in the eyes of the cold and the hungry and saw that I was looking at me.' (singing and playing the guitar) 'And I wanted to know if life had a purpose, and what it all means in the end.
There is only one sea.' 'And it flows through you, and it flows through me.
That's great.
So Elaine and I joined the Peace Corps.
No one had ever outlined a physical fitness program for them and they had no athletic equipment.
The exercise improved their physical fitness and condition.
Now listen carefully.
McCROSKEY (v.o.) Good.
McCROSKEY (v.o.) Good.
Pull it out and blow it up like a balloon.
You and I are going to bring this plane in together.
You're the only chance they've got! (into mike) All right, Striker, now you listen to me and you listen close.
Now, if you just follow my instructions... KRAMER (v.o.) ...there's no reason why you shouldn't have complete confidence in your chances to come out of this thing alive and in one piece.
I love when men send me flowers.
I enjoy being a girl.'
How ya doing, honey?
A smart woman like you became so involved in your work, you didn't have time for marriage.
The truth of the matter is, nobody ever asked me.
That's a lovely name.
I'd be glad to.
Ooooh, such a nice soft drink.
He hasn't flown for years!
They'd be better off with someone who'd never flown before.
The odds were against us up there but we went in anyway, and I'm glad we did.
Listen to me, Kramer.
Big tree.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Angel Grove High And that's one!
Looking good up there.
Thanks, man.
Congratulations - the Observatory's got a new lease on life.
Awesome!
You read my mind.
Nice and easy.
Aisha and.I are checking out a new dance spot.
I'll be at the Observatory Sunday.
It will be like Zordon of Eltare never EXISTED!
First dinner, then dancing, then -- What is that odious stench?
I am the infamous, world-reviled, universally despised, IVAN OOZE!
Ivan is on his way here!
Welcome to Wiener World.
Ten minutes out of the egg and I'm already listening to one of your lectures.
Hi, honey, I'm home !
Watch the HAIRRRRRRRR!! Everybody okay?
Welcome to beautiful downtown Phaedos.
I'm going to use the young minds of Angel Grove.
And what better way to entice them ... than with a little Ivan's Ooze?!
I advertised for brilliant and good looking assistants!
Hi, I'm brilliant.
BULK (hand extended) And I'm good looking.
You know, meeting Zordon... teaming up with you guys, it's the best thing that's ever happened to me.
That was amazing for such a little dude!
It is said that to those who possess the Power... all things are possible.
The only way to obtain the power is to achieve the highest state of being...
Snoggle, you watch your language!
That guy was the student body President The crane maintains it's agility through the perfect harmony of mind, body and spirit.
Awesome!
The bear is sturdy as a towering tree.
(beat) Do I make myself perfectly -- This is the Iast time I use parents for anything!
You have been visited by the animal spirits... they have given you their blessing.
a martial art exercise.
Thank you!
Please!
(sotto voce) Finally.
We love you Ivan! Right back at ya!- (he smiles) Now, WHO MISSES SCHOOL?! Can I have a word with you guys? (he pulls them aside) What's really going on here?!
Now you must achieve the Ninjetti on your own.
Thank you, Dulcea.
Finally, after centuries of waiting, my Ecto-Morphicon machines are ready to take on the world!
Mordant... let the ooze flow!
LIFE!! Give my creatures LIFE!
The bear is sturdy as a towering tree.
Each of you are now in possession of miraculous skills... but only when the six become one will you have the strength to harness the Great Power.
And I am the Falcon, Winged Lord of the Sky!
The power is of another world.
Yes, Snoggle... they now have the Great Power of the Ninjetti!
... This can't be... "To those who possess the Great Power... all things are possible."
It's good to be back.
We thought you... It's good to see you again, too.
These things are FEROCIOUS!
Don't make me LAUGH!
I'm going in! What's he doing?! Let's go after him!! Ultra Ninja Megazord complete!
(reading screen) Trajectory coordinates are Billy, that's BRILLIANT!
Have you hugged your Zord today?
We couldn't have done it better ourselves.
Rangers, by going after the Great Power, all of you knowingly put your lives at extreme risk... and in so doing you not only saved my life, you saved all of Angel Grove and the world from a reign of unthinkable terror.
Everybody say cheese.
My Lord King Uther, let us feast together.
Wife and queen, bed and crown.
Where are you!? Have you found him?
No-- What a hurry you were in this morning, good sir.
Use the magic.
But the cliff, the sea... Ride across!
This is magic - making solid what is in the mind, and unsolid, that which is already solid.
It is I. Have the horse ready.
I ride out before sunrise.
His spirit?
Is it alive?
This is Easter day, when Christ rose again.
We have our King, thanks be to God.
Lord Leondegrance, join us against the boy.
I want to thank you.
Lord Leondegrance is my only ally among the barons and the great knights.
In the great book.
There... Coiled in the unfathomed depths, it emerges... ...It unfolds itself in the storm clouds... ...it washes its mane sparkling white in the blackness of seething whirlpools... ...its claws are the forks of lightning... its scales glisten in the bark of trees... ...its voice is heard in the hurricane... ...it is so much more than a scaly monster.
And if I am to be King of everything, lord and commoner, beast, leaf and rock, I must use its voice, its claws, its power.
You'll find him served up to you tonight, cooked in a most excellent sauce...
I love her.
If I put my mind to it, I could see them now, many of them, weeping for love of you, watching the hills for you coming from the high towers of their castles.
Rich, clever--but if it is to be Guenevere, so be it.
(smiling) Guenevere... You're not listening.
Your heart is not.
The rest is secret.
Looking at the cake is like looking at the future.
Good day to you, sir.
I am the best knight in the whole of Christiandom, and I look for the king who is worthy of my sword's service.
--That is a wild boast.
You joust well, sir.
(looking at Lancelot) This excellent knight who fought with fairness and grace was meant to win.
Thanks to God, you are alive.
(sitting up) I, the best knight in the world, bested!
This is a great day, for my search is over.
I love you, my King.
You are still the best knight in Christiandom.
It is I who must love you, for through your courage and patience you taught me a bitter lesson.
But your life and lands are far from here.
And there is no maiden in the whole world who inspires you?
I would swear my love to you.
And, in pledging my love to you, I cannot love any other woman.
Merlin, don't you join the celebration?
I was a child.
You're an angel!
The world is that big?
Pay up!
Censure, because I enjoy a few words with a young handsome knight?
I want to write poems about you with moonbeams, make the sea sing your name...
But what good are songs and poems to me?
They are the barter of ordinary love.
A gift that reflected your greatness is the only one worthy of your love.
For years peace has reigned in the land.
Crops grow in abundance, there is no want.
Every one of my subjects enjoys his portion of happiness and justice, even those whose tiresome misunderstandings we must resolve here each day.
If we have peace and justice, why is Lancelot never with us?
To live above human folly, as is his aim, is to be overly proud.
The Queen is innocent.
No mad laughter, no riddles, nothing but a simple yes?
I will heal you.
Which is the greatest quality of knighthood?
What? (then seeing he has an audience) The greatest?
They blend together like the metals we mix to make a good sword.
Love demands it.
By my wife, by my beloved friend, by my knights.
For you made me, you forged this wretched life.
I enjoy every moment of my foolishness, I join in the making of it, so no one can betray me.
Will you ride with me, Merlin?
Kiss me.
I want the secret of true magic, how to thicken the stuff of dreams and wishes with the flesh of the world.
People make you laugh?
In the folds of the earth where the forces that hold the world together are more alive, my power is strongest.
(his tone is scathing) And you are the great King?
I cannot offer you the land, only my love...
Ready my knights for battle; they will ride with their King once more.
I have always loved you, and I still love you.
I loved you much, as King, and sometimes as husband, but one cannot gaze too long at the sun in the sky.
I was not born to live a man's life, but to be the stuff of future memory.
It is a dream I have... Guenevere...
Merlin, I need you at my side as you were once, my friend, to give me courage.
Like sap those human matters course through the stones feeding the stars that are the leaves of the tree.
It is too precious a thing.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, this is Drew Pearson.
We have come to visit you in peace -- and with good will.
It was a gift.
(getting a little smile from Klaatu, he is encouraged to do some fishing) Had you been traveling long?
I'd be glad to.
(the major stares at him blankly) He was very nice about it.
Good afternoon.
(surprised not to find him in bed) I'm glad to see you up and around.
Hey, Mom -- who's that?
(with an apologetic smile at Klaatu) I think we've all been hearing too much about "space men." (starting the introductions with Helen) This is Mrs. Benson, Mr. Carpenter.
(with a smile that would split a brick) And little Bobby.
(pleased to the point of challenge) Well -- this is our little family.
He's got a square head -- and, three great big eyes!
(good-naturedly, calming him down) That's enough, Bobby.
(to Bobby, with a prop smile) We mustn't annoy Mr. Carpenter -- or he won't want to stay here.
She goes on into the hall, followed by Klaatu, who has exchanged a polite smile with Helen.
(with a shrewd, chatty smile) You're a long way from home, aren't you, Mr. Carpenter?
(pleased with her cleverness) Oh, I can tell a New England accent a mile away.
And outside the Earth's atmosphere a good deal faster.
(with a half-smile of accusation) You're just kidding, aren't you?
Well, he's not here.
They're easy to carry -- and they don't wear out.
(with a nervous, unsure smile) Well, sure, but-- (slowly) Okay.
(then recalling, with a smile of satisfaction) Oh -- I suppose Professor Barnhardt's looking far me.
(fondly) It was a wonderful day.
If I could tell him I was getting married -- with two dependents-- (smiling) You're a good salesman -- but I've got to think about it.
Hi Mom! Hello, darling.
(she kisses Bobby, then turns questioningly to Klaatu and the Detective) Good evening, Mr. Carpenter.
(with a slight smile) I find it works well enough to get me from one planet to another.
(dryly) You have faith, Professor Barnhardt It isn't faith that makes good science, Mr. Klaatu.
You see, we've had atomic energy for five thousand of your years.
(thoughtful and impressed) These other planets -- do they have peace and security?
(he smiles wryly) After that we fought with bows and arrows.
Would you be willing to meet with the group of scientists I am calling together?.
(guiltily) Goodnight, Mr. Carpenter.
Have a good time -- both of you.
(to Helen, pleasantly) I'll say goodnight again.
(with a warm smile of complete understanding and appreciation) Goodnight, my dear.
Go to bed, darling.
You can finish that in the morning.
(she kisses him) 'Night, darling.
(he goes to a drawer and gets a large hand flashlight) It's a real Boy Scout flashlight.
I promise you...
(smiling at Bobby) And Bobby's going to sleep in my room tonight.
(nodding with a bland little smile) That's good, Hilda.
I'm glad.
(he hands a small block of plastic to the General) It's a new plastic material -- stronger than steel.
It's terribly important.
She says it's important.
Nobody on earth's ever seen a stone like that!
(urgently, with great concern) You've got to promise me you won't say a word to anybody.
You don't realize how important it is.
(impatiently) Important?
(she is sensible and objective, but not unfeeling) I think I'm very lucky.
Ladies and Gentlemen-- I called you from your work and from your homes all over the world because we were to meet here tonight with a man from another planet -- the man who came here in this ship.
(after a pause) We do not pretend to have achieved perfection -- but we do have a system -- and it works.
Join us and live in peace.
Honey, take it easy.
Honey wake up! TREVOR (cont'd) Honey, wake up.
Have a good afternoon, Mr. Gooding.
Uh... it's beautiful.
To inhale it is to love it.
Hey even if it is more power to ya. (awkwardly) Alrighty then.
Have a good time.
Enjoyable too.
Happy Anniversary, Mrs. Gooding.
How romantic!
Good boy.
Our little toy.
(super sarcastic) Wow that's quite a feat Trevor congratulations.
Pleasure.
Uh thanks this looks a little important.
That ass is a three- hummer baby.
Please.
Where you two happy together?
Thanks.
(looking at his watch) But...
She works in the emergency room there... What do you mean...? I just saw her today... Yes I'm sure she works there I've been in and out of that place five times in the last month...! Well good day to you too asshole!
You can trust me.
I was going to... Hey buddy!
Have a good night now.
You did the right thing by confessing to me here tonight.
And you should keep praying for the wisdom that will set your soul at ease.
Or better yet... that these murders never happened at all.
In time he begins to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dreams he's a man.
trendy coffee shop, noon bookstore, one soap operas, four o'clock news, five wait for Trevor to come home.
Nine o'clock get ready for bed.
That was my... last anniversary present to him.
Thank you detective.
Yeah that sounds like a real blast... KIRSTY (cont'd) I've been thinking about it.
This has to have been the best eight months of my life.
Thank you.
Thank YOU.
(big smile, she wants the moment to be an upper) Hello, Doc.
She only rides winning - Class easy class.
So the good Doctor comes up again.
(big smile) I'm a lot better off than I was an hour ago.
It looks fine.
Better than old times.
I am not looking forward to another stretch.
Good.
I can help you.
(continuing) Let me make you feel good, Doctor.
I was going to fix you breakfast.
I bought you a lot of new things.
Thanks again.
(then) I 'm glad you waited.
Why are you laughing?
I laugh when I feel happy.
(trying to smile) I didn't.
I drive good.
(big smile) Stay clean.
I'm good at that.
(smiling at him) ... and live happily ever after.
(looking at his watch) 19 seconds.
(as his smile fades) But we are both not interested in that right now.
That's good.
You tell him to come over and take good care of them starting tomorrow... no slip-ups on that.
(smiling) That makes things a little easier for us then, doesn't it?
(to a bartender) Beer.
(smiles across to him) No, I'm afraid not.
Thanks.
Can he trust you?
(smiles) That's what matters, isn't it?
Talk a little, Harold, loosen up... good for you.
(hoarsely) It was a gift.
Thanks.
(laughing) And that could be all for you., baby.
(hoarsely) Listen, I'm a friend of the Court.
Good.
Congratulations.
You came to the right place, one thing we got is a lot of rooms.
(laughing) I'll tell you why I did it... it makes me feel good.
(with a smile) Can I help you?
Two cheeseburgers; two coffees and a milkshake.
(big smile) Why not?
First things first.
(shaking hands, laughing) Good to see you, Doc.
How's Mama and the kids?
Great.
(smiles) I'll be ready.
(smile) Whatever you say.
(his hand out) Jump! (.45 in hand, pointing) Drive.
(grinning) How was that?
(beginning to laugh) Oh my God.
Thanks.
(smiles) Go with God.
(smiles) Yeah, why not?
We're the good guys.
Well...that makes it ten times better.
I love the part coming up.
(looking at the screen) This part is fucking priceless.
Everyone loves a good climax Quinn.
Yes, most people have interesting stories behind their names...Honestly I have nothing.
I agree it never hurts to have a friend.
Well... (beat) Good let's meet up tonight.
You are way to good to me.
I'm relaxing and not getting in the middle.
(To Jack and Anna) Nice meeting both of you.
Zoey I would be more than happy to pay.
(endearing smile) So what do you need Quinn?
(smiles) Dessert.
You will love this.
Letting you win is not an option.
Yeah (beat,smiles) I became a "fag hag" Tonight's Feature Presentation is "I am Curious:Yellow".
Probably not the best date movie, but I always show this to ever guy in the beginning.
I'm excited.
(smiles) You are not.
You've got to enjoy yourself.
Blu Ray? Wow...Quinn, you have to start enjoying the world around you.
Yeah...sorry about that... (smiles) It's OK.
You're here to learn more about his "coming and goings".
Oh yes.
Get his mind focused on the matter at hand.
She has a best friend who is very guarded of me...It's odd she eluded to the same thing.
Well I better do this now then.
I want to watch Bring me the Head of Alfredo Garcia in peace!
I want your friends to trust me.
You were a child!
I was a child!
You better be a hot bear of a man.
Your new friend is dangerous.
You need to calm down and count to ten.
You better make your peace with God girl!
The end is coming, those boys are ushering in a new era!
Good afternoon boys and girls!
Why the change of heart?
(looking at Quinn) Let me pretty the girl up a bit Hold on sunshine!
I've had a great life.
A wonderful husband, children, grandchildren... (motions to Jennifer) ...great grandchildren...I spent so much of my youth being angry.
You do have a lot of wisdom.
(beat) Let it come from your heart.
My new boyfriend.
(nervous) Nice to meet to ma'am.
We better get going.
(snapping out of it) Enjoy dinner.
(making eye contact with Zoey, smiling) Nice to meet you.
(returning contact, and smiles) Likewise.
Archaeology first.
Heaven smiles on our enterprise.
It's the greatest engineering project ever attempted.
(his smile fades) What do you want here?
There'd be science before Holloway and science after.
You were here on this day, thirty-one December, year of our Lord 2172.
Congratulations, Professor Holloway.
Buddy system.
My friends.
What we do here marks the greatest achievement of our species.
Humanity came of age today, on this moon.
The core of the pyramid.
"And God created man in his own image.
In his own image created He him."
Your cadaver's interesting.
That's why Earth's ancient cultures built pyramids: in imitation of the gods.
Twelve thousand years ago, beings from the sky set pyramids on the Earth and transformed the world.
AHH! Help me! Christ!
Neural paths are still conductive.
Thank you.
I'm learning amazing things.
This mechanism - the first layer uses energy fields to catalyze chemical reactions.
It creates life as a tool, to change worlds.
I'm human.
If you're coming in you'd better do it now.
Let's get you home.
You sound...
Chariot of the Gods.
Its destination was Earth.
I met my creators the day I was born.
Shaolin warriors depend on heart and soul that's how they saved the T'ang emporer.
Practicing.
I'll still win.
Besides, the Shaolin monks never had tapes to study... they did it this way... right?
I grew up on the stories of the Shaolin, and you can be those stories.
You can live my dream for me at least let me help you.
The next best thing.
What's the deal here?
That was great!
Great!
Oh, yes, especially in this case.
Then, let us welcome them into our ranks!
Your training begins tomorrow.
Welcome to Shaolin.
(to Drew) Do not cling to material things it is not good for your soul.
Watch out for Gao.
Mr. James designs my hair, master.
Everyone is a monk.
We have an early day of training tomorrow.
Amazing.
No, it'll be basics, first day.
(smiling) Weapons... (beat) ... in the war on infection.
You will be digging today, digging our new latrines.
This is an interesting coincidence, as I was just on my way to your sleeping quarters to talk with you all.
Tomorrow morning.
I mean we, just wanted to... thank you for the opportunity to be part of the illustrious history of the Shaolin Temple.
You will train 6 days a week, from 5 am to 9 p.m., alternating with work and meditation.
Sunday afternoon is free time.
Your training begins today, in this most sacred of training halls.
Emotions cloud the spirit eliminate them.
(imitating an announcer) Presenting, the greatest fighter in the history of the Shaolin temple... Drew Carson!
The crowd is going wild.
He was an amazing monk... Yeah, what's up with him?
Come with me... Legend states that Bodhidharma gave us tea.
(beat) From those eyelids grew the first tea bush.
You look great!
(hiding a laugh) You look... funny.
Thanks.
We really shouldn't be doing this... I'm trying to show you guys a good time.
It was great to see you.
My school is having a party this Tuesday night.
We can't go to a party, with GIRLS!
What do you do at a 'party' with girls?
You dance, and talk.
And have a good time.
Look, dancing's easy.
This is going to be great...
Disciple Gao was better than me.
Never do we fight to see who is best we train to be able to right wrongs, not to let our hands and feet express emotions run wild.
That is the Golden Sash, the highest honor of the temple.
The best fighter?
Among other things.
In your dreams... Now, we're ready!
Great party... Play this when I signal, OK? Ladies, allow me to introduce my best friends in all of China...
(smiling) I'm with you!
Live for the moment, Drew.
I... Every class of disciples, the one with the most potential is singled out for special training.
With pleasure.
(bowing) Boy, his spirit is strong... Go long.
The scroll that is in this box is more precious than life.
Do they have a gift shop?
How do you say 'gift shop'?
The scroll that is in this box is more precious than life.
We welcome you into our ranks as fighting monks... Congratulations.
Drew Carson!
Nice hair, Drew.
The arts should never be about who is best they are too important for that.
Nothing exists but the moment, and... (beat) ... I'm going to enjoy it.
Don't knock it, honey - at least they get an audience.
He's hot- headed sure, but Carl Denham's made some interesting pictures, he's had a lot of ... near success.
ELMAN nods ... gestures to the YOUNG ASSISTANT.
(sudden inspiration) Fay's a size four!
Mr. Denham - I want you to know that I'm not in the habit of accepting charity from strangers, or for that matter ... taking things that don't belong to me.
And sure enough, against her better judgement - She falls in love.
Good things never last, Mr. Denham.
I know - but they're good!
You've got fifteen good pages there, Carl!
I've never known you to volunteer cash before ... How does two grand sound?
Sounds great!
Thanks... JACK (cont'd) Carl ... you've written "Two Grand".
May I say how excited we are to have you back with us, Sir.
Be a sport and lend us a hand.
Let me get the door for you - welcome to your state room sir.
Did I ever mention how much I love your work, Mr. Baxter?
No, no, no! You're much better off sticking with film.
I happen to love the theatre.
RESTON dances over to the WARDROBE.
Jack has his heart set on coming.
Clustered around are his All right everyone, from the top.
Is that a nice thing to say! It's a dangerous thing, having girls on ships.
(distracted) Cut! Great!
NGLE ON: DENHAM'S gaze returns to JIMMY and HAYES who are huddled DENHAM (cont'd) Bruce, wonderful performance.
You can relax for ten minutes.
Good legs.
Good night.
'll make it worth your while.
We're gonna find it, film it and show it to the world.
Get me another reading!
Rocks to port, Captain!
NGLE ON: The WHALER runs onto a tiny, stony BEACH.
(quiet) It's not an adventure story - is it, Mr. Hayes.
DENHAM (cont'd) Good to eat! Take it ... take it!
We gotta be grateful for that gentlemen.
I'm going to NHAM(cont'd) donate the DE finish it and proceeds to his wife and kids - because that man is a hero and he deserves nothing less!
Jump to it!
He's - he's ... um ... well, he's up there ... filming.
Come on Herb - I'm pulling you up.
(excited) Goddammit Preston we're gonna finish this film for Herb.
We'll finish it, and donate the proceeds to his wife and kids.
She was a wonderful person.
(gently) It's not about being brave, Jimmy.
ANN (cont'd) Beautiful.
ey buddy!
n EXCITED and CURIOUS CROWD are converging on the THEATRE - cabs LOSE ON: BILLBOARDS outside the THEATRE proclaim "Relive the NGLE ON: PRESTON watching from the BALCONY.
No woman is worth this!
This woman is worth it.
I've gotta win her back.
Shuddup and hand me the grapefruit.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Their lives lost in pursuit of a savage Beast, a monstrous aberration of nature!
Yes, Ladies and Gentlemen, as you will see, the Beast was no match for the charms of a girl - a girl from New York ... who melted his heart.
Bringing to mind that old Arabian proverb ... DENHAM V/O cont'd) "And lo the Beast looked upon the face of Beauty and Beauty stayed his hand ... and from that day forward he was as one dead ..." You're on, Miss Darrow, five minutes.
nd now Ladies & Gentlemen, I'm going to show you the greatest thing your eyes have ever beheld.
A big hand for ... Mr. Bruce Baxter!
And clinging to life in this savage place, imagine a people untutored in the ways of the civilised world.
(quietly) That's the thing you come to learn about Carl ... his unfailing ability to destroy the things he loves.
lease remain calm, Ladies and Gentlemen - for we now come to the climax of this savage ritual ... the Sacrifice of a beautiful young girl! he LIGHTS DIM ... The DRUM BEAT increases ... The NATIVE DENHAM (cont'd) Behold her terror as she is offered up to the mighty "Kong"!
A big hand folks for the bravest girl I ever met! Miss Ann Darrow!
Here's your story, boys - "Beauty and the Man who saved her from the Beast".
It makes a swell picture!!! Head for the exits ... Get your own seat Buddy - you ain't having mine.
For a brief second NGLE ON: KONG using his amazing STRENGTH to SWING up to the UPPER ACK turns and RUNS for the DOOR as KONG struggles to REACH him.
shouts to his GUNNERS) Take aim! Sir ...?! (to his GUNNERS) Shoot to kill! (yells) Fire! USH IN: JACK staring at the unguarded, darkened entrance to the ONG looks down at ANN ... he gestures with his hands ... touching (whisper) Beautiful ... ANN (cont'd) Yes ... yes it is.
Come on, boys, move on!
And I've convinced others to do the same.
She adores you.
Please.
We need you healthy and relaxed.
You're going to eat well, meditate, exercise, and watch mindless television.
Balance, dear girl, is the key.
Pleasant dreams, Mister E. Go.
I love you too.
We were going out for my birthday.
He's alive.
Like having a dream and never waking up.
I'm not... (on intercom) Sing a song of sixpence.
Like a New Year's Day hangover.
That may be true, but you don't have Catherine's gift.
Then he should like this.
They're comforted by the feeling of weightlessness.
(intimate, quiet) This isn't your responsibility.
And my baby.
You said she has a "gift."
If she came to believe that Stargher's world is her world, her mind has the power to convince the body that anything done to it is, um, actually done.
It doesn't have much to do with science.
The spirit.
But you looked so cute.
Thank you.
You're a good boy, aren't you, Valentine?
I got you a present, cutie-pie.
Why you came to my happy little home?
Help me?
That's good.
That's a good one.
Then help me.
Trust it.
Me god me boy.
Me god good son.
Listen to me... You're Catherine Young.
Trust him.
I'm proud of you.
I promise.
Alive.
You might've seen Jimmy Hoffa dancing with Timothy Leary.
My world... My rules.
Thank you, Catherine.
You did help me.
I promise.
Give it to me.
Thanks Miriam.
(overlapping) Give a kiss to Edward.
Thanks you.
Six weeks off does a body good.
That went well.
(smiles at the dog) Hello, Valentine.
Good for them.
Thank you.
No, Wu Han's an old friend I brought along.
Not this time, my friend... (smiling bravely) I followed you on many adventures -- but into the great Unknown Mystery, I go first, Indy... Don't be sad, Dr. Jones -- you will soon join him.
Where's that diamond!
You don't look very good.
Thanks, Weber.
Okay, doll?
CO-PILOT (*subtitled*) Good lord!
Whoa! Easy now -- nice elephant...
Here you go, lunch time!
What're you waiting for?! Uh, listen -- Willie -- I got a better idea.
Listen, Willie.
That's good -- you're doing fine.
(smiling) He'll be okay.
He's a good kid.
Oh, that's easy -- I'm going to latch onto a good-looking, in- credibly rich prince.
He hasn't said a word the whole trip.
(smiling faintly) Yeah, I wish you'd thought of this sooner...
CHATTAR LAL (Cont'd) Welcome to Pankot Palace.
The plane crash and your journey here sound -- most incredible.
I am only his humble servant, but the Maharajah usually listens to my advice.
No, no, that is Uhmed Singh, the present Maharajah's late father.
Eight o'clock in the Pleasure Pavilion.
(smiling sourly) This is a different situation, Dr. Jones.
I've never been so hungry in my life... (grimacing) My god, sort of grusome, isn't it...? His Highness wants me to welcome his visitors.
That is wonderful!
No. Indy, they glow like fire and get real crazy!
I better see how Willie is.
Oh, it is real food...it's beautiful.
WILLIE (Cont'd) You're nice.
(smiling) Wearing your jewels to be, prin- cess?
(smiling) That shock you?
I like doing research on certain "nocturnal activities" -- You mean like love rituals...
Too proud to admit you're crazy about me, Dr. Jones?
What did I do to deserve this trip?!
I'm getting out of here right now tonight!
Jai ma Kali, jai ma Kali! Jai ma Kali, jai ma Kali! Let's go! Let's get out of here!
The village knew their rock was magic -- but they didn't know it was one of the lost Sankara Stones... Why they glow like that?
Legend says that when the stones are brought together the diamonds inside of them will glow.
Diamonds...? Okay -- now listen -- you wait here and keep quiet.
Listen, you've got to help.
I'll show you! (smiling faintly) What're we playing, hid and seek?
SHORT ROUND (Cont'd) You do pretty good for a girl!
Nothing to it -- follow me!
Now you see the magic of the "rock" you bring back.
(smiling at her) Well, you didn't get your prince, and there goes your diamond.
You didn't do so well yourself.
No more de- tours for me, thank you Dr. Jones.
(pats Mitchell's shoulder) Relax.
(to Sportsmen) My friend is right.
(smiles) Sure have learned to worship the white man's god.
You're the one likes these hot springs so much.
Thanks.
Best thing is, Meyerling has to chase around to find us.
(continuing; smiling) You wouldn't shoot anyone...
Thanks.
Nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out your jeep window.
(thru phone) On a good day I couldn't spare a crosswalk guard.
Other guy drew first.
(grins; sticks his hand out) Arthur Neff.
It's beautiful!
I'm getting great pictures, and I'm having fun.
One Sunday morning, she marched into a bar and announced she was available as a wife to the highest bidder.
Beautiful girl.
We can jump it.
That makes the flight more interesting.
Good man, Mitchell.
We'd land, tell the pilot to come back for us a few days before Christmas.
Better get into those trees before that squall blows down.
(continuing) Damn lucky this storm didn't blow down when we were on those baldheaded mountains.
It continues, we better stay put.
Kiss your ass with precision if there's a vote in it.
Does you more good, long as the entrails look clean.
Look, I'll give you five grand.
It's a spring day... Wake up, goddammit!
(continuing; softly) My wife used to go to chapel on Sundays.
Jiminy Christmas.
Thanks.
We should make the best of it before it turns around and bites us in the ass.
Talk to that good-looking girl of yours?
But I'll keep the keys with me.
But me ending up dead won't do Sam a lick of good.
(to Viking Bob) Sweet-talk won't get shit.
(smiles tightly) They'll have to come right past us.
I'm moving back to L.A. I love you.
Happy hour starts at five Dewart!
They were just drinkin' and laughin' and oh, my god...it was like I was bein' in a museum and I saw the progress from apes to men.
Let me tell you, you laugh.
You laugh.
Hey, DJ.
Thanks for coming over.
Love you.
You got a good life Curtis.
Good night.
Hey baby.
You got to be home, showered, ready to walk out the door by six tonight.
Good, you're up.
Honey, you're soaked.
Red! Come on.
Good boy.
Hannah loves Red.
Hey! Babe?
She needs breakfast.
`Bout four nights now.
It's non- habit forming, but I'm only giving you enough for a few days anyway.
Please.
Well great.
Can I give you a hug?
You're very lucky.
I love you.
I love you too.
I have good news.
Green?
It's great.
It's great.
You excited?
How do you say...sign excited?
Excited.
Oh, honey.
Wouldn't that be great?
I went to see mom.
Come to bed.
We've been good about that.
Thanks.
I'll help.
Thanks.
For a lot of people that's a good start.
My brother was 17.
And I am doin' everything that I can to make that true.
It's wonderful.
That sounds good.
He's a good worker.
He's a good man.
He's my friend.
Thank you.
Things are fine.
Can I help you?
They got a have a special thing, its like a hood.
I'll do whatever I can to make it right.
I'll be meeting with you today.
Thanks.
Thank you.
You flinched when I touched your hand this morning.
I was in one of your dreams?
Can you deal with that?
Also, the Lions Club supper's this weekend.
We usually go on a trip to Myrtle Beach every summer.
Good, huh? Good.
Hey -- happy birthday, Wayne.
(laughs) Okay, okay, I'm going.
Keep up the good work, boys.
He comes back after it's been in the water a couple of days.
Well, it's not fast enough.
You've got a major hair growth going on.
(disgusted) I love how you think you're better than this.
It had better hours.
This is funny?
I was good at it.
Right by a sign saying "Welcome to Huntingburg."
Good.
(to Kenny) Your dad'd be real proud of you, Kenny.
My students taught me how to make things like that.
Yee-hah! (laughing) Nice driving, buttwipe!
I'm glad you're enjoying this, Kenny, but if he's dead, how do we find the money?
Oh, he's still alive.
Ray, I'm in need of a little inspiration.
I was setting up pumps.
That'll finally get you into her pants.
What were you doing at the church?
(to others) It was the only thing there!
Oh, great.
Did you see what a good job they did?
It's for your own good.
Nice favor.
Well, whoever it is, he listens to Pat Benatar, Eddie Money and the soundtrack to "Footloose."
You so much as breathe funny and your head is going back out that window without you.
Watch yourself, Tom.
His middle name was McCarthy because his parents loved Charlie McCarthy on the radio.
Beautiful beaches; friendly people.
Don't you touch her! Saving her life... Hmm...
Her name was Karen, and ever since she came back from college she'd made it clear she was too good for any of us local folk.
And she said, "Happy Birthday, Wayne.
Well, I'm not stupid.
I got the candles.
Mood lighting.
Wayne grins and closes for a kiss and... Happy Birthday, Wayne.
My God they're beautiful.
Thank God.
Whatever you say, honey.
Please.
(smiles) The rain's stopped.
Ha ha.
He says the flooring should be in by Friday.
A slow smile lights up her face at the idea, as all around her students rise and begin stampeding out.
PROCTOR (O.S.) (cont'd) (shouting to be heard) Test results will be posted on the Philosophy Department's web site in two weeks... Enjoy your break and have a Happy New Year.
She passes a forlorn pine tree decorated with CHRISTMAS LIGHTS, on her way to...
She arrives at a large, partially-enclosed KIOSK covered with dozens of student-made notices, printed in a rainbow of eye- catching computer fonts and colors.
A few snowflakes swirl in their sickbed glow.
He's skinny, dressed in thrift-shop clothes, has the complexion of someone who doesn't get out in the sun much.
GIRL (cont'd) (smiling) Well?
Actually, yeah, it is sorta.
But they look good on you.
Come on, I'm good at this...
Thanks.
I don't take money from friends.
Relax, I checked it out on the map.
It looks interesting.
So... Does your family do the whole traditional Christmas thing?
Charming.
Two trees... two turkey dinners...two sets of presents to return for store credit.
Rockin' around, the Christmas tree, Have a happy hol-i-day.
Everyone's dancing mer-ri-ly in the New.
(calling) Ready!
This used to be called `Scenic 606' because there's an amazing view of the valley- One, you've never been anywhere near here before so don't pretend you knew it's a shortcut, and two, there's an amazing view of shit Let me get this straight.
Romantic?
It would just be this sweet funny story we'd have.
I love cornichons.
GUY (cont'd) (to himself) Story of my life.
Thank God!
GIRL (cont'd) How many speeding tickets have you sweet-talked your way out of?
How `bout a little Christmas spirit here?
Please!
A bottle of white wine... Mmmmm...
Starting to burn... That's good.
CLOSE ON the RADIO, midway through "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree..." Our guy listens to the CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH of the cop's boots outside in the snow, circling the snowbound Oldsmobile.
Rockin' around, the Christmas tree, Have a happy hol-i-day... What happened?
You won't make it to morning.
That old Christmas song on the radio.
It always comes on just before he shows up... GIRL (cont'd) Keep listening.
Repeating this life.
(smiles) You should.
No!!! Don't go near it!!! What!!?
Which is playing the same song as Christmas Eve fifty-seven years earlier.
For the love of Christ have mercy on a poor sinner!
The trapped highway patrolman begins burning alive, cursing.
That powder fine babe we saw last night.
As fine as she is...she doesn't have to know how to sing.
(to Shoeshine) Hey -- watch it now.
I want to know when that sweet thing shows up.
You stay by the door, you see her, you come get me, cool?
Well, not if I'm with my other babes.
The babe walks in and you see her.
Give me that.
Really..? Oh, great...like to see him too.
Nine, sweets.
Oh, that's a really nice watch.
Very pretty.
Amazing.
(smiles) What do you want to do?
Dinner, then the theatre, my sweets.
Good evening, Jerome.
Yes, we've met.
Great.
You rescued me.
(smiles) Ye-es.
I heard through the grapevine you had a new tune written by two great girls.
It's just to make you feel good, Prince -- that's what it's all about.
About every 28 days, she starts acting nice.
(coyly) Tea time.
Vanity, I'd like you to meet Morris E. Day.
Too sexy ... (a beat) Have a waitress bring.a
Well ... he don't do too good with them either.
Thanks.
That was a grand entrance.
Where am I? So -- friends of yours?
Sounds like she was having a good time.
Wow! Nice hubcaps.
Beautiful.
Cocktails before dinner?
Thank you.
(a beat) You look so lovely tonight.
(couching) Why...thank you.
It's...it's so exciting.
It's funny...your eyes -- when you stare at me like that, it causes my stomach to qui- quiver.
My God, darling it fits.
You must have strong hands, but -- they're so soft...like oils in my bubble bath.
(a beat) Damn ... Darling...? Yeah...? I'm not usually so forward, but -- would you like to make love to me?
It's nice, huh?
Oh, it's great.
(smiling) You and me are a lot alike.-
A little song and dance.
That is, if you can sing and dance.
Guys better than you have promised me things before.
I know that's right, but-- (con't) -- not Morris Day. (he smiles) Jerome pulls up in front of her motel.
God, this is beautiful.
It reminds me of where I grew up.
I was doing alright before I met you.
You think you're a good musician?! You're nothing!
Morris is better.
Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
What? (coyly) A secret... Tell me.
(surprised) Come in ... Hey -- wait a minute.
Good morning, dahling.
(excited) Come down -- come down.
Is that better?
I have a big surprise for you.
(sings) Da...da..! What is it?
He pulls out a gleaming new GUITAR, and How'd you do it?
I love it!
I'm going to join Morris' group.
I'm going to join Morris' group.
(a beat) Vanity...? Don't I make you happy?
He tells me they're great.
That's cool, but now I've got a problem.
If they're as good as Morris says they are, one of you will have to go... Go around the block!
They have a good following -- they show up for practice -- and the kids like all their music.
He blasts down a side street, sees FLASHING LIGHTS up ahead.
That's life, man.
This is a business, and you're not too far gone to see that.
Enjoy it.
Morris manages a weak smile, offers a half-hearted wave back.
I gave him the night off.
Give it to me.
Dad...? Mom...? Daddd...! Lift! (screaming) Noooooo!! (over) (excited) Let's bring them back!
Ladies and gentlemen, The Time!
You love us right?!
He better watch out.
Whawhak! (over) Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Prince!
I would like to do a song that two of my friends wrote.
I love you.
VOICEOVER (cont'd) (quoting) They walked them, they talked them.
They juiced them... VOICEOVER (cont'd) They rocked them.
VOICEOVER (cont'd) The creation of reclusive genius Ken Castle, society took the world by storm, becoming the number one guilty pleasure of billions, either playing or watching... and generating one of the world's largest private fortunes, surpassing Steve Jobs and Bill Gates practically overnight.
Nine months ago, Castle unveiled a new simulation - one that would take gaming to new heights of thrilling excess... and controversy VOICEOVER (cont'd) If society let us live thru others... SLAYERS would let us die thru others.
(big smile) Slayers.
Stay alive for thirty sessions and get set free... that's not a bad God damned deal.
a LIVE Good little talk.
My pleasure.
He's good.
It's the only thing that keeps you alive.
Makes it worth more.
(feeling herself up) Baby... make it a hundred.
(beat) Looking to meet people.
New dude, new dude... that's Hackman.
(playing dumb) But they love Kable.
It's human nature.
That's right, baby.
(considering) Kable said we got lucky - that they were gunning for us - what was that all about?
In the eyes of the world.
A friend.
... just one session away from being the first slayer ever to win a full pardon and release.
TRACE smiles.
She glances skyward toward the SOUND OF HELICOPTERS.
HUMANZ DUDE'S paddle hand goes limp; the puck limps in and scores, meaninglessly.
(to KABLE) You made it.
Your ass followed.
Hey, Kable... DUDE seems to be the most affected by KABLE'S presence - BROTHER is calm, in the moment; TRACE is focused, all business... DUDE is pure FANBOY.
HUMANZ DUDE (cont'd) You're... great.
They'll be standing in line to hand their babies over to him.
SIMON glances at the top photo as casually as he can manage - it shows SIMON in an MTV TRL-type setting, being interviewed in front of a live audience of teenage girls.
When AGENT KEITH speaks, he is calm, conversational.
They run into a GENERIC, UNMARKED BUILDING... ... the SHOT CONTINUES, across the LOBBY, through an anonymous grey door... ...and down a FLIGHT OF STAIRS... MUFFLED MUSIC is THUMPING, getting LOUDER... down a PINK CORRIDOR and into... ... a 24 HOUR UNDERGROUND RAVE, in full effect.
GINA is PUMPED.
Six years ago he brought them something new - a breakthrough so profound, he said, that history would be divided up between everything before and everything that came after.
HUMANZ BROTHER (cont'd) They tested it on soldiers... the first volunteer was Corporal Travis Scotch - a friend of yours, I believe.
We were doing the world a favor.
We're ready to rock.
KABLE tries to understand... * TRACE (cont'd) The foster parent paid good money to remain anonymous... to make sure the girl would be untraceable.
Balconies, underlit DOMES, lush landscaping, abstract statues, waterfalls... tiny cameras everywhere... and not a soul in sight.
KABLE walks right in.
And then CASTLE starts to SING... ... or more precisely, LIP SYNC - the VOICE is SINATRA, I've Got You Under My Skin... CASTLE is doing a spot-on KARAOKE: I've got you under my skin I've got you deep in the heart of me So deep in my heart, that you're really a part of me I've got you under my skin... He's snapping his fingers, putting on the moves... THEN - from behind curtains - a half dozen SLAYERS appear.
(genuinely stoked) You're awesome.
The GEEK SQUAD walks along behind CASTLE and KABLE at a distance... they are all tiny MOON ANTS in the vast lunar panorama... the PLANET EARTH rising majestically in the dark heavens.
enjoy this.
(on the TV screen) Together we can make Gotham city a safe place for decent people to live and work and play.
They'd be much happier someplace else.
Don't think so, angel.
The spice of life.
At the moment, he's chatting with a uniformed They found him hugging a drainpipe.
Great, but tell me: is this another you-know-what?
Print what you like.
Listen: things are heating up.
Ambition.
Lt. Eckhardt here is a good cop.
(pause; smiling) Inexpensive.
Great.
I saw your combat photos.
You have an extraordinary eye.
Don't mind my friend.
This is an amazing house.
Good.
Thank you, Alfred.
It was a great pleasure meeting you.
Yum, yum.
Well, he must like the way he looks.
(snidely) Nice work, Commissioner.
-- Why the dopey grin?
WIPE THAT HA! That's the best part.
I CAN'T!! What a view.
I just had to come in here and see it that was really you singing .
Then there's one thing in the world you don't do very well.
You should stay off that horse.
Honey -- I'm home!
... live from Halliday Plaza, where a gangland-style execution claimed the life of racketeer Philly Ricorso.
Globe , at first.
(smirking) Somehow, when you shoot it, it all comes out so clean, so lovely .
I live for beauty.
(to ALICIA) This is business, sweetie.
A work of art .
We'd better get out of here.
This is gonna be the most incredible -- But he's not.
(a little smile) Who's this "Bruce"?
... We deal.
(beat) I won't sacrifice one more life for the sake of appearing strong.
We've got the 300th anniversary gala coming up.
Hey Knox, cheer up.
Joker here.
Here's the deal.
(waving goodbye) Happy Birthday, Gotham.
Gotham Globe .
love fireworks!
Good.
Then for God's sake, Harvey, cancel the anniversary celebration.
You're rich.
You guys should be proud -- 'cause I couldn'ta done it without each and every one of you!
Not everyone shares my eye for beauty.
IS EVERYBODY HAPPY?? living .
I love you, Bruce.
Do you love half of me?
You saved everyone.
I have seen it in paintings and heard it sung in ballads.
That is your privilege.
Two horses had eaten each other in the night, and, in the churchyard, graves had been opened and the remains of corpses scattered all over the place.
Well, did he show you the way?
(sings) One moment you're bright and lively, The next you're crawling with worms.
Listen, I've had a vision.
But I did see her! Whom did you see?
She had a golden crown on her head and wore a blue gown with flowers of gold.
She was barefoot and had small brown hands with which she was holding the Child and teaching Him to walk.
And then she saw me watching her and she smiled at me.
And everything became so still in the sky and on the earth.
I want Mikael to have a better life than ours.
Mikael will grow up to be a great acrobat -- or a juggler who can do the one impossible trick.
I've composed a song.
Now I live in a world of phantoms.
I am imprisoned in my dreams and fantasies.
How can we have faith in those who believe when we can't have faith in ourselves?
Why can't I kill God within me?
I want God to stretch out His hand towards me, reveal Himself and speak to me.
We are playing chess together.
My life has been a futile pursuit, a wandering, a great deal of talk without meaning.
What is it good for?
(contentedly) My little stomach is my world, my head is my eternity, and my hands, two wonderful suns.
The judgment day becomes night, and the angels descend and the graves open.
(laughs) You're really funny.
You're funny.
Get up and dance.
Good evening.
Good evening.
He'll bring great joy to you.
(housewifely) I picked a basket of wild strawberries this afternoon.
So, if you would like to partake of this humble fare, it would be a great honor.
I wish you good appetite.
I humbly thank you.
These are wild strawberries from the forest.
They grow up there on the hillside.
This man saved my life.
(stretches herself) Oh, how nice this is.
I have written a poem about the spring.
I write little songs myself.
We were newly married and we played together.
We laughed a great deal.
I wrote songs to her eyes, to her nose, to her beautiful little ears.
We went hunting together and at night we danced.
Love is the blackest of all plagues, and if one could die of it, there would be some pleasure in love.
If everything is imperfect in this imperfect world, love is most perfect in its perfect imperfection.
You're happy, you with your oily words, and, besides, you believe your own drivel.
But I love to give good advice.
Listen, Jns.
Jns! Watch out.
That's good.
Now we can see the road better.
The trees stand so still.
You are eight brave men, then.
What do you see? Do you see him?
I only have to stretch out my hand and I can feel his hand.
My friends, you have only to push, and my unreality will soon be transformed into a new, solid reality.
Now that was a good scene.
(yawns) Now, I'll sing a little song to myself: (sings) I am a little bird Who sings whate'er he will, And when I am in danger I fling out a pissing trill As in the carnal thrill.
Help!
Keep to the other side of the tree.
Help me!
Now I take your queen.
Over there stand my friends.
And another ..." "The first angel sounded, and there followed hail and fire mingled with blood, and they were cast upon the earth; and the third part of the trees was burnt up and all the green grass was burnt up." "And the second angel sounded, and as it were a great mountain burning with fire was cast into the sea; and a third part of the sea became blood ..." Was someone there?
"And the third angel sounded, and there fell a great star from heaven, burning as it were a torch, and it fell upon the third part of the rivers and upon the fountains of waters; and the name of the star is called Wormwood ..." Good morning, noble lord.
I am Karin, the knight's wife, and welcome you courteously to my house.
And Death, the severe master, invites them to dance.
He tells them to hold each other's hands and then they must tread the dance in a long row.
And first goes the master with his scythe and hourglass, but Skat dangles at the end with his lyre.
It is essentially a tiny room with a coffin like, sealed bed in the middle of it: a cryogenic POD with an array of complicated controls surrounding it.
And blast home.
It's bleak, it's beautiful.
It's barren, yet filled with riches.
I love you both dearly.
Morning, Gerty.
Much better, thanks, pal.
If you guys want to run some psych evals on me when I get back, I'm happy to do it.
Everything's fine, Gerty.
Sam, I love you.
Compliments to the chef, Gerty, this is delicious!
Morning, Gerty.
That's good.
It's nice to see you awake again.
These were extraordinary circumstances, as you know -- Sam, you're out of bed.
I was recording a video message for Central updating them on your progress.
Excellent, Sam.
The good news is you can return to the sleeping quarters tomorrow.
Oh I'm loving it.
(with a smile) Right.
Listen, I wanted to say thank- you.
You saved my life.
She's beautiful.
Feeling better?
Enjoy it while it lasts!
I see it now...I see what Tess was talking about.
He smiles to be polite, sits.
Better.
Listen, I went haywire before.
With great effort he is able to remove his helmet, placing it on the floor next to him.
He drives right up, ducks down, peering up through the windshield -- this new Jammer is as tall as the others, in fact, it is identical in every way.
Sam 1 starts scrolling BACK through the log entries, like he's REWINDING chapters on a DVD, showing himself at various stages of his time on Selene -- his beard essentially growing in REVERSE as the messages stretch further back -- eventually Sam 1 is clean shaven -- (on the screen) Luke, 12.9 miles; John, 11.1 miles... Sam 1 keeps typing in numbers.
We see the others Sams returning to Earth -- yet they don't seem to go anywhere -- when they blast off the RETURN VEHICLE remains in its bay -- Sam 1 views different Sams blasting back to earth in the return vehicle -- always with the same result -- the return vehicle remaining in its bay, the Sams seemingly VANISHING.
...relax and breathe deeply.
The cryo pod is designed to put you into a deep sleep for the duration of your three day return journey back to Earth.
As you begin to get sleepy, think about the magnificent job you've done, and how proud your family are of what you've accomplished.
Relaxing music begins to play.
He uses the CROW BAR to prize the panel open -- this takes an extraordinary effort -- the panel eventually LIFTING like a manhole cover.
(then) Can I help you?
I'm her daughter.
Right now he's STACKING ready-meals and miscellaneous lunar snacks into neat columns.
We found it on our own.
Good.
A stretch of green grass dissected by a dirt path.
In the distance, sitting beneath a tree on a blanket, we see TESS BELL.
He watches his wife for a few moments, maintaining his distance.
She lifts her hand, waves.
Sam's expression is blank at first, but then he smiles at Tess, waves back.
The Sam in the Infirmary bed is a new clone.
Sure, just let me finish this.
Once again we see Tess beneath the tree sitting on the blanket.
Come on, Sam! Sam Bell! Come on!
Sam sees a sliver of the sun as he dawns on his side of the moon.
I've set your computer to reboot the second I've blasted off.
Thanks.
As lifeless as a toy.
Gerty comes to life.
The Jammer wobbles unsteadily from the IMPACT, before finally TOPPLING over, HAZING the air with lunar dust.
I'm here, baby.
I love you.
You're gonna be okay, baby, I promise - I'm here, baby.
Weeee...welcome you to Dark Town And while you're in your coma This odd amusement park-town Will be your Home Sweet Homa - Help me.
Please.
There's animals.
New in town, huh?
Yeah, I've seen a few of your dreams.
VOICE (o.s.) Nice face.
Well, hello, sailor.
He hadn't gotten a good night's sleep in years.
You gotta love me.
It was a compliment!
You top bananas better watch your ass!
Good for him!
See you in the funny papers!
NO LIFE SUPPORT?? Well - yeah - but that doesn't...apply.
My life is great now.
I'm in love!
Thank you.
Thanks for nothing.
Well, there's a new twist.
I really do love y-- Love you too.
It's a miracle.
It's a miracle.
Two more ticks of the clock... Thank you.
Thank you for coming back to me.
Trade you a Twizzler for a box of Raisinets!
Most esteemed all-powerful God of Sleep...his Royal Lassitude - Enough, enough, I'm hung over.
Easy, pal!
What'd I ever do to you?!? It's simple, Stu.
So whenever we can swing it, we send a guy up to stimulate the flow...a nightmare maker!
I love you so, I would never have... forgive me, Stu.
Welcome home.
Home sweet home, huh?
Bitchin' good cake.
I'll show him... Hey, handsome.
Come here, good-looking.
Hey, I'd love to, baby, but...it'd put me in hot water.
It's a benefit.
Brilliant!!
Back with six all-new episodes, starting - The thing is, I'm responsible for the way he's acting.
The Stu I love is gone!
Yeah, baby!
Sweet dreams, you little bastard!
Dog dreams!!
That stinkin' monkey.
You find a way back to that girl of yours and make her happy.
(loudly) Go.
As emcee I want to thank you all for joining us at this swingin' bash...it's a special night for the birds, and the lions, and the monkeys, but it's also a special night for - (tapping his chest) - this monkey.
And to make this special night extra-special, I'd like to do a special number...especially for you.
I'm glad you are a monkey...woman...too.
It looks so...new.
Let's party!
Please.
I was so happy, Julie, I...try to remember me like that, okay?
This is a benefit.
Laugh, damn you...laugh at the sidekick...the happy little monkey.
Fine, thanks.
Good.
Good.
The Turks love to catch any foreigner smuggling - it shows the world they're fighting the drug trade.
"Ayi Gedjaler"("good night") Pssst! (Whispering) Your cell, no key.
Watch him, he's a fox.
Yeah, what do you think this is, the good USA?
What they give you?
It's all "sula-bula" like this, like that.
Seven years... (smiles) Gastro.
Has codeine in it... Best can do Lawyers?
(managing a smile) I can punch you in the nose later.
She couldn't make the trip.
Remember, it is only for possession; the prosecutor wanted life sentence for smuggling... (a smile) To be honest Mr. Hayes, it is a great victory!
Please!
You make crummy tea.
(amused) I make special tea for you, Hiyes, okay?
That's a great philosophy.
Come down here boy! Hikmet... Sodding cat! (smiling) The new American Ambassador here is following your case very closely.
He says there is progress.
It teaches you, like the rest of prison life, to seal up your emotions, and this is the greatest danger, this is what makes so many of the men change into something monstrous... (continuous) It is Erich who has taught me how it is to be conscious, to channel and direct my energy.
And he has taught me about love... (continuous) ...and what love really is, beyond its physical forms.. .I think up to now I have only considered my own self, never really another... ...and now strange as it seems, Susan, without having seen you in so long I feel myself more inside of you than ever before.
Well that's been going down now for 35 years... (continuous) And I've been playing it cool and I've been good and now I'm damn tired of being good cause you people gave me the belief that I had 53 days left.
We gotta take a chance and do that one next - (pointing) Then pull out this one - (pointing to the one directly left of the loosened stone, excited) Just jiggle it, scratch it out, loose nit up, it's soft real soft!
You beautiful mother, you! (using Turkish) Hey, Ziat, hurry up with the tea will ay!
Don't make me laugh.
(between giggles) Who's laughing?
(calm) Fine.
Good.
Max! Cool it!
Billy, listen to me.
...I love you.... Oh Billy... Billy!
I'll give it to them for you.
Good morning, my American friend!
Right is good.
Hop! Hop! Take! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!
Best thing for crazy people is this... Vilyum Hi-yes.
Listen, I have Swedish friends camping south of the town.
How come you speak Turkish so good?
What are you into, Dad? Don't break my heart.
You promised me.
Everything's going to be fine.
I love you.
I trust everyone.
I'm fine, fine.
No, I'm glad.
Makes you a better thief.
For those about to rock, we salute you.
Let's get rich.
Can you chill out back there?
Enjoy the ride, cowboy.
Get ready.
Sweet Jesus.
It's a gift.
You've lived the life.
Stella's a beautiful girl.
She's amazing.
Make a new life.
Find someone amazing and be there for her.
Well you're the brilliant one.
Richard Worth is not paying to have his suit cleaned.
No, you need to listen.
I'll let you in on a secret.
He took my father from me, I'm taking this; it's the best I can do.
Nice name.
That'd be great.
Have a nice day.
Friday night.
He touched my hand.
And him, Handsome Rob.
And I'd love to hear more about it, but like I said... Don't worry, we'll have you out in no time.
My cousin is bringing it over.
Please.
My cousin's a cool guy.
For those about to rock, we salute you.
Laugh at his jokes.
You can trust me.
I trust everyone.
That's an interesting saying.
And he had a daughter.
(then to Charlie, all smiles) Looks like Good Time Charlie's got the blues.
Give it your best shot.
Everything's quiet here.
Best to be at one with yourself.
Nice work.
It comes out at Flower & Pico.
Trust me.
The farther the better.
A matter of great urgency.
"The Art of the llluminati," by Robert Langdon.
But it made you -- what is the word?
VINCENZO (cont'd) Professor Langdon, you have spent ten years of your academic life searching for the very symbol you now hold in your hand.
LANGDON (cont'd) Into a secret society.
Professor Langdon, welcome to Vatican City.
The Great Castration.
Pius IX felt the male form might inspire lust, so he got a hammer and chisel and unmanned two hundred statues.
These plaster fig leaves were added later.
Yes, Padre, Good.
Thank you, Padre.
LANGDON (cont'd) I believe that faith is a gift, which I have not been fortunate enough to receive.
Be delicate with our treasures.
"A shining star at the end of the Path."
Bio-entanglement physics.
Interconnectivity of life systems.
A little book written by Galileo.
He wanted like minds to be able to find the Church of Illumination, but he couldn't exactly advertise its location, so he created a coded path.
An unknown llluminati master sculpted four statues, each a tribute to one of the four fundamental elements -- earth, air, fire, water -- and put them out in public, in churches throughout Rome.
The altars of science.
Lt. Chartrand will meet you inside.
It's in my power, I've been chosen Great Elector.
The church will not fall in a day.
Surely there is not an elector present who values his physical being more than the unbroken leadership of the Holy See.
Spoken like one who has enjoyed the blessings of a long and full life.
You were a favorite of His Holiness, but His Holiness is with his Father now.
So the path starts at Raphael's tomb! (not entirely Yeah.
You'd better be right.
(pulls out her own and holds it to her ear) Hi honey, I'm at the Pantheon, you should see this place!
I can tag a breaching porpoise from forty meters off the bow of a rocking ship.
(of the watch) Was that Mickey Mouse?
Sun worship.
December 25th was the pagan holiday of the Unconquered Sun.
Made it a handy choice for Christ's birthday.
The first altar of science is the Chigi Chapel, in the church of Santa Maria del Popolo, about a mile from here!
Earth, the first element!
The Basilica is Michelangelo, but the square is Bernini.
We're close.
He's still alive!
Please.
Make an effort.
The man who cannot define lightning, or the man who does not respect its awesome power?
-- the wires meet at a center point, just above the roaring Tell the world the truth.
TWO MORE COPS, Roman Carbinieri, have run into (good Italian accent) Gendarmeria Vaticano!
(the Cop doesn't The Church, it was the first altar of science.
Maybe they loved their church so much they were willing to destroy it.
Good.
Signore Mortati, he is alive!
The Camerlengo is alive!
Praise God.
LANGDON (cont'd) Thank God.
Do we have time for that story now?
They are singing in St. Peter's Square!
Peter's Square, where the throng is -- the red silk sash covering the doors to the papal apartment is -- St. Peter's Square, later the same day.
Yes, Your Honor.
There was a time when the New World didn't exist... ... The sun set in the west on an ocean where no man had dared to venture.
Aren't you going to kiss your brother?
Diego is a bright boy -- a pleasure to teach -- but so serious... Brothers should be raised together, Colon.
You will be heard at the University of Salamanca... God... That's in a week!
Six, during the summer months.
How would the crew survive without being able to land for fresh water?
Excellency, you are right.
And that is to make the journey.
(to the assembly, with passion) I am ready to risk my life to prove it possible.
Your life, and that of others!
Trade, Your Excellency.
The Treasurer of Spain honors us with his presence.
The world is full of mercenaries -- and states often make use of them, when it benefits them.
They didn't want to listen!
Out of the heads of old men who've never been past the end of their gardens!
Ah, thank God! I've been looking all over Seville for you!
(quietly) ... Into a monk... (with a smile) Yes.
She said yes. (moved) Thank God...
The only monsters are in here... (he taps his own forehead) Watch!
You promise?
I am listening, my son.
The journey will be longer than I said.
Go in peace.
Be good to your mother, Fernando.
Do you promise?
Well... It's the men, Sir.
What are you listening to, chicken ass?
We have to keep the hopes of these men alive!
This boy has the voice of an angel.
What comes out of his mouth is blessed, Alonso.
By the... by the Grace of... God... (pulling himself together) In the name of their Gracious Majesties of Castille and Aragon, and by all the powers vested in me, I claim this island and name it San Salvador.
We have come here in peace, and we will behave with honor.
I believe no man will ever see this land again as we do, for the first time... Say not here!
Help him!
Help him!
And a nice slice of Santa Fe lamb!
You speak first!
To bring the word of God.
Chief says he knows you like his... (searches for the word) Women... (with a little smile) That's a beginning... March 1493... Thirty nine of my men volunteered to stay behind.
Bartolome is stronger, more capable than I will ever be...
Who can I trust?
The horses have arrived.
(looking at his son) He's growing up!
(with a smile) You don't usually ask.
It is a great honor.
Is this your new world, Don Colon?
No mercy before God!
No...! you'll do it my way.
We want peace.
Thank you, Don Moxica.
To the new world, my friend!
To the new world!
(as Nima pours the wine) Nima's a good cook!
(tasting his wine, grimacing) And they have very good cellars.
(quietly) A new world, Brother Buyl.
Congratulations.
Santangel is going to see the Queen.
Good!
I am happy for you, Diego.
Thank you.
I help.
I did not undertake these voyages for honor or wealth -- that is certain.
I now believe that it is an new Land, of unknown proportions and wealth... Life has more imagination than we carry in our dreams... "I should be judged as a Seaman who by Divine Will discovered a New World, and thereby placed it under the sovereignty of Your Majesties.
The sunset route to the new continent is now well-established... ... West by south west for 750 leagues to Santo Domingo.
You see, I was proud of you.
More than ever I wonder what it is we do achieve by leaving our gardens...
New worlds create new people.
So you are a new man?
God bless you, and those like you! Can't you stay with us a little?
(smiling) He never had one... except aboard my ships!
The CHANTERS are a group of pugnacious, well-muscled KIDS, late teens and early twenties, all dressed in identical garb: black Batman SWEATSHIRTS and little red Guardian-angel BERETS.
I would like to stress -- that while this city enjoys a special relationship with Batman -- -- we do not condone -- It's no use.
The RED BERETS CHEER.
The evening news: a live, on-the-spot interview from Gotham Square.
A superimposed GRAPHIC identifies a surly kid in a RED BERET as "MIKE SEKOWSKY -- SPOKESPERSON -- ORDER OF THE And hey!
Before it does, CAMERA PULLS BACK from the TV screen, placing us in: where ALFRED THE BUTLER is watching the Sekowsky interview with extreme dismay.
Onscreen, the fracas continues; SEKOWSKY has recommandeered the mike... SEKOWSKY (on TV) We're provin' that the spirit of Batman is alive in this city.
Let's see -- an initial capitalization of 42 million and change, compounded over thirteen years, at an annual return of just under sixteen percent -- Fine, fine.
The MUSIC he was listening to has been replaced by an eerie, high-pitched WHINE.
It disappears from view -- and all at once the frame is filled with PIGEONS, great squalling FLOCKS of them, dutifully following their master as he makes his way back to Gotham City.
ALFRED opens the front door and finds a bundled-up VICKI out on the portico, red-cheeked, flushed, and happy.
Let me put this under the tree...
She reaches into the pocket of her coat and pulls out another small gift.
ALFRED stares at the tag -- "TO ALFRED, LOVE VICKI" -- and tries to suppress a HUGE GRIN.
It's your present.
VICKI frowns and gives him a kiss.
WHISPERS in his ear: I'm going to give you the happiest Christmas you've ever had.
A towering SIGN posted in a corner of the park, announcing the imminent consuuction of a new luxury highrise -- the GOTHAM PARK TOWERS -- a project of Shaw Construction, Inc.
Christmas time.
HUGE WINDOWS open on a serene and picturesque view of the park; CAMPFIRES flicker in the distance... -- Yeah.
He's wearing a RED BERET and a BATMAN SWEATSHIRT: MIKE SEKOWSKY (on TV) Yo, here's the tip, man.
ALFRED and VICKI arrive; BRUCE gestures for them to keep quiet.
We see the tiny TRADEMARK embossed on the CPU -- "WAYNE TECHNOLOGIES."
After a beat, the CAMERA TILTS DOWN to a cluster of EXCITED CITIZENS, who point and holler as the BATMOBILE streaks past.
The WOMAN wanders out of frame as SHAW smiles, impressed.
CAMERA STAYS ON HIM as he pours two glasses of red wine and circles in on his mysterious guest.
How flattering.
SHAW hands her the wine, and for the first time we see her face.
Setting her wine down, flashing her patented Cheshire-cat smile, SELINA moves in on him -- and they go into a deep, passionate kiss.
With a coy smile she runs her finger in a circle around SHAW's hairy chest -- and then, abruptly, knots one stocking tightly about his wrist and ties it off on the bedpost.
You'll just have to be An EDGY SMILE spreads across his face as she binds his other hand to the bedpost.
I've been wanting to meet you Selina's the new Curator of Antiquities.
-- and this is my good friend Bastet, the Egyptian Cat Goddess.
I'm glad you think so.
The women exchange big, toothy, plastic smiles; stranded in the middle, BRUCE realizes they're waiting for him to introduce them.
-- What an original dress!
VICKI, still smiling, cocks an eyebrow at BRUCE.
It was easy.
She laughs at her own joke.
She shoots him one last smile -- sly, conspiratorial, unmistakably major funder.
No one's listening... TIPTREE in his paneled study at home.
She squats on the ledge and smiles, beckoning to him -- Ooh.
Now the CATWOMAN appears beside it -- elbows on the cornice, chin propped up on her folded hands, like a chatty girl at a fern bar.
Cute, huh!
Once you've had your fun there's not much you can do but kill them.
Four stories up, he rights himself.
Three stories up, he goes into a downward spiral, out of control, gliding in great wide arcs over the street... ...and a moment later there are no stories left.
Staggered and glassy-eyed, he stares off into space as TIPTREE finishes his tale.
VICKI's at the kitchen table drinking coffee.
Thank you, yes, everything's fine.
...Thanks for the testimonial.
She extends a hand and he takes it -- making a visible effort to hold himself together.
The lights are on in the kitchen, where the COPS are playing poker and watching CHRISTMAS TREE LIGHTS twinkle in the darkness.
The two STAKEOUT COPS are chuckling at a Charlie Brown Christmas special on a portable TV.
Being fabulously rich, be's probably ridden the subway twice in his life -- and at this time of night, EVERY FACE in the sparsely-populated car looks vaguely menacing.
Smiling at this act of generosity, FRICK moves on to the next car.
So pretty...I'm going to give her a brand new face for Christmas.
Christmas cookies!
Hey Shamu, this is your guy.AngeloQuarterback (grinning) Welcome to Sea World, kid.
The little hand says... ... let's rock and roll.
Everybody stay cool.
Good move.
The Ex-Presidents are the best I've seen, kid.
Supervising Special Agent, Harp.
Cute huh?
Blond hair.
Green eyes.
This is great.
Wait, so I'm a big hero to my folks, right?
And I hadn't been living my own life.
Chill, brah.
Well, listen, Bunker... I'm actually kinda glad you found me.
Thanks, buddy.
(laughing) No. (beat) So I was up the beach.
That's rare in this world.
My buddy.
Gimme the greatest hits.
That's good... ... Felony B and E, three months in juvey.
Better.
Excellent.
(Utah is grinning) Great!
See you bright and early, guys.
It's great for breakfast.
Nice place.
He rents it for the summer.
Catch of the day.
Good of you to join us, hotshot.
(to Babbit) Watch it.
I'm ready to rock, Angelo.
You did good today.
Finally -- finally-- (nodding to Warchild) -- I get dickwad in there wantin' to play wheel of fortune so I can find out their supplier!
Nice tattoo, Dietz.
Hey, babe.
Get on over here so the big dog can teach ya how to bark.
Listen, uh... if you're okay, can it wait till tomorrow morning, kid, Angie, they didn't have the kind of wine you like but I got... oh, hi Johnny!
You're kneeling on my hand.
I'm glad you pulled me out of the water that day...
This is something totally different... you're gonna love this.
I respect that.
Oh, well, that's fine then.
Rock and roll!
Everybody freeze!! Don't move!! Don't fucking do it, man!
RIGHT NOW!! That's right.
-- if you so desire, an attorney will be provided for you free of cost.
Let me ride him in.
They have a new thing called radar.
And I can't stop them... I'm the last person they're ready to listen to right now.
Thanks to you.
(smiles inwardly) I just felt it was time... Time to dance with the universe.
Thanks, brah.
No, I'm staying at my sister's, in Queens.
I'm ready to come back, I'm feeling much better now.
I know you're over qualified for that position but it's a good opportunity for you for the time being...until the situation here quiets down.
Take it, relax, and we will talk about your situation again in a couple months.
It would be nice if we could celebrate it together ...
This place gives me the chills at night.
Did you clean them?
Hey Amy... Look Mommy, look what Daddy got me.
It's so fast Mommy!
I'm better off without them.
Mom? Yes, honey.
He stretches out his hand to pick it up.
You have a nice day, Sir... I've just been through the craziest day here... No kidding!
Have a good night at work, Ben.
Have a good night, Lorenzo.
Is it your new job?
He was a good boy.
Oh yes, but that goes way back to when he started working at Mayflower.
He gives the curtain a quick yank, revealing-Mom!
Is he still alive?
Thanks.
Ben! Look Amy, you've got to trust me, I know what I'm doing... It's for your own good.
I'm here now... Thank god you're alright.
I promise.
I love you, Dad.
Hey baby, everything's gonna be fine.
I love you.
-Aerial shot- We fly over a lake- the waters are so placid that the forest and outline of the scenery surrounding it reflect off its surface, creating two perfectly symmetrical landscapes.
Stay right here.
In the mirror, her mother's attitude is different and strange... What are you doing in there, Mom? Come closer, don't worry... Everything is all right, sweetheart.
Her demonic strength is ten times his.
With his arm outstretched, he is ready to shoot, waiting for the right moment.
Yes sweetheart, it's over... Amy holds her two children tightly, savoring this moment of joy and relief.
His discovery of the absence of mirrors on the walls brings a smile to his face- He has finally triumphed over the mirrors that he once believed to be indestructible... Ben steps out of the department store, walks out of the closed off area, and reaches the street.
Pull! Pull for your lives.
Handsomely now.
Aah! My favorite.
'To wives and sweethearts'.
'Pon my life.
Farewell and adieu you fine Spanish ladies Farewell and adieu to you ladies of Spain...
Perhaps we shall never more see you again What a wonderfully true voice Mr. Hollom does possess.
Couple of the men to see you, Sir.
Let us live whilst we're alive!
He says they were chased for three days till they finally our-ran her.
Swim for the wreckage, man!
Of course the men would follow "Lucky Jack" anywhere, and usually in the confident expectation of victory.
Then we upon the globes last verge shall go to view the ocean leaning on the sky from thence our rolling neighbours we shall know and on the hidden world securely pry! Rise and shine!
Praise be.
Gentlemen, I give you... our destination.
For you Doctor, Redondo Rock.
Best bowers chipped... Lot of rust on these forechains... black strake needs another coat.
It is said to be a natural paradise In truth I'd be delighted with the merest guano stained rock provided it didn't sway beneath my feet Well, we'll take on food and water once we're there, and as compensation for not having put ashore in Brazil I pledge that during that time, several days at least, you can wander at will, catching bugs and beetles to your heart's delight.
You will be the first naturalist to set foot on the islands.
They are already counting their share of the prize money.
Well you are party to it on my ship.
NAGEL's MATE Careful, sir.
Padeen Well?
Sailors will abide a great deal, but never a Jonah.
...a promise to a friend of ten years standing who has stood by you and supported you.... JACK (overlapping) I command a King's ship, not a private yacht... ...across half the worlds oceans often at risk to his own life ...and we have no time for your damned hobbies, sir! Sir, I found a curious beetle walking on the deck.
Thank you, Mr. Blakeney.
Object fine on the starboard bow.
There's no sea chummer on it, and the dowels is sound.
My God, man!
(no reply) Sir? ...Clap on now!
JACK (smiles) My dear Doctor, I have seen blood and wounds since I was a little boy.
Take a good grip with the square retractor.
Good.
My goodness, what is this?
Thank you.
You'll make lieutenant out of this.
(to Mowett) Run up Portuguese colours.
Remind me to press her bow gunner, Mr. Pullings.
I don't say it will be easy.
But every man here is worth three of Boney's privateers, and I know there's not a faint heart among you.
[ ] Thank you, Killick.
Calamy This way! Follow me!
Rise and shine, show a leg there.
John Henry ALLEN... Joseph NAGEL... William Horner... Stephen Winston Boyle... and Lieutenant William Blakeney We therefore commit their bodies to the deep, looking for the resurrection of the body, when the sea shall give up her dead... Amen.
Amen.
JACK (smiles) Thinking about their captain.
KILLICK (projecting) Which it will be ready when it's ready!
Good morning, Signor Contini.
I'll come to the cemetery at the weekend.
The world sees Rome the way you invented it.
And here he is..! p. 11 Silenzio, per favore...Thank you, thank you... Dante, Guido Contini's long time producer, is about to speak...
I want to say a few words from my heart.
I am humbled and thrilled to be able to announce that I am producing Guido Contini's next film, Italia, which will star once again Contini's longtime inspiration, the international film star, Claudia Jenssen... ...we start shooting in ten days time in Cinecitta.
This is our ninth film together.
Thanks for coming, everybody.
Maestro Contini, your new film is called Italia... big title.
So they should have grand titles.
It sounds fantastic.
With Italia is it fair to say that you've come home for good?
For good? It's been a long time since you made a movie with your wife, do you plan on casting her in this new film?
I told Luisa that when we got married I would never again make love to my leading lady.
Artists do their best work before they're famous.
p. 26 (spoken) I love you, Guido.
I'm so happy to see you.
(they move off) Are you happy I'm here?
But very happy?
Very happy.
It's charming.
He's so sweet.
Beautiful.
She takes the man's face and kisses him... ...And with that gesture, he's suddenly inspired to write something... profound.
What a pleasure.
I'm happy.
It was Luisa's birthday yesterday.
No. Oh please God.
Italian women don't wear those things.
p. 37 Don't knock the Folies Bergere... ...it brings back happy memories.
Why did people love that film?
Thanks.
But I'm glad you've come.
Feeling better?
Laughter!
Love!
Not the flops, the others, the good ones.
(not quite able to forgive him) Thank you.
Happy Birthday.
Excuse me, darling, this is Don Mario.
A pleasure, Signora.
Please.
She was the best thing in the movie.
It was your first part.
Can't you? p. 52 Well there's a good catholic wife for you, Guido, that's what they do - sacrifice.
Still, Signora Contini, it must be a very exciting life for you... p. 53 Signorina Acari, per favore.
p. 54 Thank you.
For what? Thank you.
p. 58 (smiles, insecure) What?
What are you laughing about?
p. 59 (taking his glasses off) Amazing.
Thank you.
When you're in your life, making your movies, dancing with your wife - I'm still here.
(hapless) She loves you, you know that, don't you.
Darling?
Makeup tests start today.
She'll inspire you to do what you do best, write with your camera.
(pointed) And this man you describe - he doesn't know how to love.
And you have a wife who loves you.
p. 80 (to Lilli) Great work, Lilli... Wonderful costume... Thank you.
...and the hair, makeup, fantastic.
She has a beautiful profile.
Two great profiles.
Beautiful.
Fantastic.
Well they can keep her.
Donatella's nice?
Guido wants the blonde.
She's not bad, but - Shh. She's beautiful.
She's too beautiful.
I think we are happy with Donatella.
Donatella's better, isn't she?
(delighted, jumps up) Great.
Thank you.
Okay, well done.
Thank you.
(encouraged) What for?
Thank you for reminding me I'm not special.
p. 88 I'm glad she's acting again.
She's funny.
Guido, she's my friend.
I'm fine, I'm fine!
Call you in the morning!
Nice to have a fire.
(blinks, laughing) That's amazing, you saying that.
And the fans go wild!
(sleepily) Good.
(quietly) It wasn't that serious... Maybe you don't think murder's serious -- She was my best friend!
Please.
Right home after.
(brighter) I've got some warm milk all ready for you.
Why don't you jump into bed?
you take a little vacation, relax and rest for a change.
G'night.
(pleased) Well at least I have an objective wall to bounce this off.
I don't see why you couldn't just give me a pill to keep me from dreaming... Everyone's got to dream.
It's... (gives up) Okay.
Okay, good.
Incredible body hookus pokus.
see NANCY drift from the initial stage, over the Okay, she's started to dream.
Instead of screaming and getting nuts, you say, okay, I'm gonna make up my mind that I fall into a magic world where I can get something special, like a poem or song.
(grins hopefully) They get all their art literature from dreams.
Great.
That's a good one.
So he's alive?
As for him, we buried him good and deep.
Much better.
(beat) Listen, I...
Brilliant.
It's your daughter.
Please.
Deal?
Deal.
right through -- as if she were an optical illusion -- loosing his (to herself) God, it's bright.
Feeling better?
See ya.
See ya.
Lookin' good, girl! 211.
Better come to cover lieutenant... those boys are shooters.
We started a balloon up but they shot her down fore she was ten feet off the ground... so nobody's made a run either way.
It says here you've been decorated.
I'm in a generous mood and will grant your boon.
Were it not for my companion I believe I would be having the time of my life.
Good.
Thank you.
I have begun an awning.
The work has ruined my hands, but I am excited about the improvement it will bring to this place.
Have made first contact with a wild Indian.
Yes... it is good.
The grass is rich.
I was thinking of a dance.
It would be good to have a strong sign.
Welcome... (gesturing at them) Come... please... sit down.
He's a good one... good horse.
Good horse.
You are happy here, with my family?
I am glad to be here.
I have visited him and I believe his heart is a good one.
Thank you.
I can't tell the story again.
(to Dunbar) Welcome.
It is good that you are here.
You here... good.
Thank you...
It is good.
Ahhh... He's right.
Hul... hal... ho-lee... holy... holy man.
(on her own) This thing he asks you... it is a great honor for you.
I will be happy to watch over your family.
(translating) He thanks Dances With Wolves for coming.
Who is Dances With Wolves?
Dances With Wolves... that's right.
(in Sioux) Dances With Wolves.
(in Sioux to Kicking Bird) Dances With Wolves.
Dances With Wolves?
What is the word for beautiful?
That is good.
But I will tell you... you are new.
They are proud of the medicine you are making with Dances With Wolves.
We're gonna see if it can swim the river.
(to Dances With Wolves) I will go.
I will take Smiles A Lot. (shouting over the storm) Dances With Wolves... Dances With Wolves.
Dances With Wolves has not finished.
Dances With Wolves...
With who? Dances With Wolves.
They are both white.
She's your daughter now.
He was a good man.
This is a good day for me.
The tiny details of her costume.
I knew that the love between us would be served.
Good, then take her inside... she is your wife.
Dances With Wolves, are you in there?
It's good to be out.
I was just thinking that of all the trails in this life, there is one that matters more than all the others.
I think you are on this trail and it is good to see.
There will be a lot my friend... more than can be counted.
I have always been a peaceful man, happy to be in my own country and wanting nothing from the white people.
That's good.
The words in the book are like a trail for people to follow.
(to Dances With Wolves) Dances With Wolves is quiet these days.
It made me free and my heart was big to see my friends coming to help me.
I was glad to do it.
Quiet!... sit down Wind In His Hair.
Dances With Wolves?
Ahh... this is a nice fire... at my age a good fire is better than anything.
No, we are happy.
I see only a Sioux named Dances With Wolves.
Let's smoke it awhile... it is good to pass the time this way.
(calling) Dances With Wolves...
I am Wind In His Hair... Can you not see that I am your friend?
Please tell me you're the least bit excited.
He is blessed with all the physical and intellectual gifts required for such an arduous undertaking, a genetic quotient second to none.
They used to say that a child conceived in love, has a greater chance of happiness.
Smaller than a grain of sand. is That's how my brother, Anton, came into the world - a son my father considered worthy of his name. .
Our favorite game was "chicken".
When you clean the glass, Vincent, don't clean it too well.
But if the glass is clean, it'll be easier for you to see me when I'm on the other side of it.
You got a photo of yourself?
For the genetically superior, success is easier to attain but is by no means guaranteed.
(enthusiastically reading from data on his portable screen as he walks) He has the heart of an ox.
(still reading data from his palm-top computer) It happened in Australasia.
Just a few million years ago every atom in this hair--in our bodies--was a part of a star.
(reading off the profile) Congratulations.
What began as a means to rid society of inheritable diseases has become a way to design your offspring--the line between health and enhancement blurred forever.
Eyes can always be brighter, a voice purer, a mind sharper, a body stronger, a life longer.
Everyone seeks to give their child the best chance but the most skilled geneticists are only accessible to the priveleged few.
They are the "healthy ill".
(wry smile) Looks bad, doesn't it, Irene?
Why don't we say we were together?
Good evening, gentlemen.
Your table is ready.
Friend?
(a smile playing around her lips) You celebrate, Jerome?
I ordered "Honey Dawn" and you sent me "Summer Wheat".
Not on your life-- --You don't understand, they'll make the connection, they'll hoover again.
The public should be happy to co-operate, to get this disease off the streets.
It was beautiful.
(gently stroking her hair) You are so beautiful, are you sure you weren't altered?
Do you ever wonder what they would see if they weren't quite so perfect?
Are you so much more alive, Investigator?
Thanks.
(calling back urgently from the other side, mindful of the light beginning to leak into the sky) Come on!
The only trip I'll make in space is around the sun-- (letting a handful of sand slip through her fingers) --on this satellite right here.
(enjoying his unease) It's here.
(smiling to himself) A man can change his face--but blood is forever.
To be honest, I'm looking forward to having the place to myself.
(wry smile, enjoying her fascination) You've never been here?
(reading newspaper) My wife and I--we're thinking of starting a family.
These new personality corrections I've been reading about.
So we have two choices.
Let's not spoil the surprise.
--Finally, I'd like to welcome Navigator Morrow on his debut mission--if we get lost out there, nobody has a map of the heavens in his head like Jerome.
I don't have to tell you how important this mission is--the Belt could hold the key to the origin of life - why we are what we are.
Enjoy your final evening with your families.
(excited) Hugo!
So you've finally seen sense and come back to your old job, Vincent.
(happy to oblige) I'll take care of it.
(resolute) You didn't beat me that day.
(sympathetic smile) You have more in common than you know.
(wry smile) For all my gifts, they could never engineer me a heart like Vincent's.
(wry smile, offering the hair to Irene) Here, take it.
I have your samples ready.
Thank goodness.
Carry on, my good man!
General Formica! (sotto) Princess Bala, sir.
A darling baby soldier!
Princess...? So, um...how was your day?
What did you do? (scouring his mind) Well... (that's it!)
The wonderful thing about ant life is that everything is arranged.
(unconvinced) Yes...he's wonderful... (swooning over General Formica) The General's body segments are so...symmetrical.
Two aphid beers.
Plus you get to go out into the world, meet interesting insects, and kill them.
Why should everyone dance the same way?
It's as exciting as watching fungus grow.
Hey, lay off my little buddy!
bar brawl going on, with Weaver in the Princess Bala! Princess Bala! Princess?
Bye!Princess!
Love is rekindled, and she takes me up to the palace for a little... (wags his eyebrows suggestively) tea and crumpets... and you take your place again, and go march around to your heart's content!
(overjoyed) Thanks!
We survive because we work together, as one, we get the job done, we do whatever it takes to persevere!
(reflective moment) Dammit, I'm proud to be an ant.
(clapping) Bravo!
(waving) Princess!
Princess Bala! Hey! It's me! Z! I've got your scarf!
Darling, you must encourage the troops -- wave! (excited) Excuse me, guys -- That's my date.
Well, it's been fun.
Have a great war!
You new, kid?
No, no, you're...lookin' good.
You've got good color in your cheeks.
(gasping) I wonder...what...was it all...for... Barbatus, hang on -- Barbatus!! Don't make my mistake, kid... don't...be a grunt...your whole life... loves the work.
(covering) I'm new...I was born yesterday.
Nobody told me digging was so much fun!
But listen, you can share my rations.
I'll make myself available...Listen, better watch out with the backtalk.
Our brave boys are back!
Damn, I'm proud of you, boy.
Now, time for some R and R. You're invited to the royal victory party!
Royal victory party?
Will...will Princess Bala be there?
The entire royal family will be there to honor you.
Son, you're an ant after my own heart.
Well she better -- she's engaged to one.
Engaged?
So...you two are in love?
In love?
And always, the dream ends with each of us plunging his sword into the other's heart... (spooked) Oh, hey, that's great, I think I see an old war buddy over there, it's been fun chatting.
(feigning nonchalance) And you are...? I'm Princess Bala.
So, Princess, have you ever danced with a hero?
I'm dancing with the war hero.
Ha! Don't make me laugh.
Then he took a hike with one of the royal babes!
Look, I was perfectly happy until I met you -- alright, I was miserable, but I was happily miserable .
How many other Princesses are there?
And only you can become a Queen?
Well...no, but -- So what makes you so special?
There are as many Princesses...as there are blades of grass.
Buzz off, I'm important!
You're a good soldier.
laughter from above.
(laughing) They're simply too much , Chip! (to Z and Bala) You down there, haven't you ever been to a picnic ?
My mother is the Queen.
(momentously) I'm Princess Bala! (under his breath) They're Eurotrash, dear.
Z! Help me!!! Bala! (mournfully) I'll never see her again... Z!!! Get me out of heeeeere!
shoe-lace .
Whoooooooaaaa!!! Bala! Come back here!
(Tarzan whoop) Aa-ee-ya-ee-yaaaaaaaah!!!!!!! swings off the lace, hurtling Z! You're here!
Z and the Princess were here, sir.
Let's get a read on that feremone track.
(to the others) Get the sniffer !
Z -- you dirt-digging, fancy-dancing, wisecracking, royalty-grabbing, rebel (yelling into the distance) Let's MOVE! GO, people!
ant eyes -- and, reimagined this way, it's Paradise .
Not the (happily) Z, we made it!
The nectar's fine!
Great timing, guys.
Princess Bala.
Good.
But one thing I do know is, there are more Princesses where you came from.
Thanks, Chip.
I wish she were here for this special moment.
Bala...Yeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeah... Great.
kisses Bala.
But General -- this tunnel is your baby!
Weaver! Hey...it is Z...listen to what he says!
We're too important to dig.
A great life, a beautiful wife, and a few kids.
Not again... Everybody... chill!
Bikini boy!
(to Guards; re Carson) He's the good guy, you schumcks.
You may go now... (on TV) ...Good morning, Summit Day! It's gonna be the Super Bowl, the 4th of July, the Olympics and Woodstock all rolled into one!
This is Bobbi Marchfelder, your Eye in the Sky... (on TV) The President is on his way... (on TV) ...It's an honor hosting my fellow leaders in Los Angeles, the capitol city of the Pacific Rim... (on TV) We'll see the menu for Mayor Simpson's Brentwood barbecue, right after this...
If I hear one more Beach Boys song, I'll shoot myself.
(continuing; while smiling) I said, if we were having sex once in a while, you wouldn't need to ride that fucking bike every morning.
I'll ride in with Diane.
Hey, Joy... Sam... (continuing) Excellent -- I can't hear him!
I'm doin' field upgrades.
Ahead, on the right!
Thank you.
(smiles; into radio) Hey, great idea... Oh, Jesus, those're explosives!
We really feel it would be best if you let them coordinate everything... (continuing; to Carson) Let's get on it... ...You're gonna just pay up, count on his good nature to return the family?! It's the President's intention to keep this quiet, move forward with the Summit, and work with the North Koreans.
Our best Negotiator is gonna run point.
(thru recorder) "And my device will fulfill its function at exactly 5:00 PM..." He's really exhibiting pressured speech... big effort here to sound calm.
Well, it ain't gonna happen.
(thru radio) We're made!
We need him alive!
(into radio) Cute.
But this was going to be the score of a lifetime... he was showing off.
I was the morning anchor in Houston!
Great, we'll hire a bus.
Big surprise.
(thru speakerbox; laughs) Zombie Eyes!
Get their starting point and their destination.
Get whoever's closest to the Auto Shop to get in there, interview everybody.
There's an incredible buzz on the Internet -- someone picked up a classified message on a U.S. Intelligence frequency.
While unconfirmed, the President and other leaders are all late in arriving... Finally got the call list from Javal's phone.
(into radio) I can't... My kids... (thru radio; calmly) Listen: the best way to help them is to stay at your computer.
(into radio) I'm with ya... Strela-2.
I don't think so -- they said it was solid as a rock.
(thru radio) I'll make him open the sunroof.
I couldn't stand making so many people happy.
You can't miss it... (into radio) Apartment number would be real helpful, gang... There!
This is an important mission, Sgt.
Sweet Jesus.
I grant you everlasting life, youth and the power to serve me.
I promised Herr Hitler a miracle.
Bright red.
It's-not-an-ape -- It's got a big stone -- in its hand -- I think that is its hand.
Best photo of my career -- and no one has ever seen it.
(hands over the photograph) This is him.
C'mon!! God knows, people manage to get good pictures at a wedding!! That's the alleged best man -- ?
Four books at once.
(smiles) My name's Broom.
(reads) Icthyo Sapiens, April 14, 1865.
Abe loves them.
For there are things that go bump in the night, Agent Myers.
(smiles) We are the ones who bump back.
What's with the hair, Clay?? Finally got those implants?? It'll fill in.
Agent Myers is your new liaison.
(sotto) Staring at what?
They're playing our song.
Happy Halloween!!! You're taking me for a walk!
Story of my life.
I break it, they see us, Happy Halloween.
You're easy.
Red and Blue are coming in.
That voice -- I sang the first lullaby you ever heard, my child.
I ushered you into this world.
(smiling) Sammael has fulfilled his destiny... Die in peace and be reborn again and again...
The child will be there.
Hands up! Don't -- Ready the welcome, my love -- Salt.
To finish the job.
(readying more pills) That's fine, darling, Santa's not here for another month.
And he has beer!
You better have that looked at.
And Father's still mad at me -- (Liz smiles) Come back, Liz.
(beat) And for once in my life I'm not afraid.
I'll get him soon enough -- Listen to me.
(to Quarry and Moss) You two, check this dump, then join us -- I'm glad I'm not human.
It's not that doll-hair thing -- Son of a -- !
You can do better than that.
Thank you -- My job.
It feels good to be outside!! It's been so long... Hey!!
The music!! Turn down the music!! Yeah, yeah, music!! Jesus!
Nice view -- A smile, huh?
That's good.
He'll make it -- But not everyone was so lucky.
Home, sweet home.
You did it, buddy -- (oblivious) Woo hoo!!
Well good n- (furious) Good night.
What's so fascinating??
My uncle used to say... we like people for their qualities but love them for their defects.
He -- loves you.
Coffee's warming me up.
Newark, New Jersey, entertainment capital of the world.
You offered me a cup of coffee.
That's it: she's laughing.
Mine lives within me.
Good.
You'd better stay here.
You never, ever light a cigar that way.
Thank you.
(smiles) My job.
Red, white, whatever -- Guys are all the same.
I can't, I -- I know now: I love him.
(to Hellboy) You are the key!
Don't do it!! Don't do it!! Silence!! Imagine it: An eden for you and her -- No. No? (reasonable) In exchange for her life then, open the door.
Become the key.
(closing his eyes) Anung-un-Rama... No!! Don't do it!! Listen to me!!
Happy Chanoo-juah-kah Day 7 Morty.
Happy Hanukkah Maccabee.
Hey, hey! Be proud of who you are.
Happy Hanukkah Tikva.
Happy Hanukkah Morty.
She said to remind you that you're having Shabat Dinner by her tomorrow, and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz, and she wanted me to relate the following information to you.
She said to remind you that you're having Shabat dinner by her tomorrow and also to remind you to bring the Manischewitz.
But we're not open on Sundays.
Over the course of my career as Santa Claus, I've made it my mission to ensure that Jews, Christians, and African Americans could all observe their respective holidays in harmony.
I was responsible for pushing the Happy Holidays Ordinance, in which all Merry Christmas signage was replaced by the Trans-relgious and inoffensive phrase 'Happy Holidays.'
It was nearly a decade ago, in conjunction with our friends in the Jewish and African American communities that I supported a bill that mandated that 'Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel' and 'I'm dreaming of a bright Kwanzaa' be taught and sung in elementary schools along with the Christmas standards 'Frosty The Snowman', and 'Deck The Halls.' Which is why upon examination of my annual naughty and nice list it shocked me to discover that my own son, Damian...
Please!
With this meshuggena new Santa Claus in power, Hanukkah is in jeopardy.
We need your people to crank out a couple more award winning documentaries on the Holocaust, possibly a new Adam Sandler movie.
Not another Adam Sandler movie!
Mordechai!? (Beat) So, Esther, how did you and Mordechai meet.
You like my Mordechai, yes? He's...he's very nice.
What concerns me more is that my boychick is almost thirty, and has yet to settle down with a nice Jewish girl.
God forbid he should have a nice Jewish girl come eat by him once in a while.
So, do we have a deal?
Deal.
Thanks.
Do you love your mother?
I do good things for this community.
I help people.
When I play bridge with all the girls, everyone has what to talk about with their sons.
When your friends are opening their Hanukkah gifts next year, don't mention it to them, okay?
(To Esther) Such a good boy he is.
I finally gots a place where I belong.
Excellent.
Your presence would be a disruption to the utopian model of efficiency I've created here.
Come on in boys!
Oh, that's the beauty of it.
That was a good year for me.
Papa, Papa! Mommy says that every time you hear the sound of a bell ringing an angel gets his wings!
It's time to light the menorah!
Bootleg 'It's A Wonderful Life' from Taiwan.
Listen carefully.
I'd like for you to meet world renown Semitic super stud, Mordechai Jefferson Carver.
Back it up buddy!
He's just having a peaceful, adult conversation with his nice Jewish friend, The Hebrew Hammer.
Hey everybody.
Shh, listen.
You saved our lives.
Thank you.
You should be safe from here on out.
Welcome to the Underground Jewish Railroad.
Thanks for riding the Underground Jewish Railroad.
Thanks though.
Thanks though.
Nah, I'm good.
Care to dance.
And now my Hanukkah loving friends, I will reveal to you the true nature of my diabolical scheme.
Tiny Tim.
Merry Christmas everybody, and god bless us, everyone.
So, how was I? It was good.
Good, good.
Thanks.
You were right, it is good.
Welcome to the Ben Gurion airport.
Well, we do have a Ch... Whatever it is, I'll take it.
You gonna learn to guide this sled right?
Let's dance the hora!
Mordechai, I love you.
I love you too.
You two cats are beautiful.
I love you guys.
You take care babe.
Using a highly sophisticated connection of other computators, called the Internet, I can access surveillance maps, villian biographical information, and even sports scores with a few simple keystrokes of this electronic typewriter.
Hey, the Jets won!
Well, that was easy.
Well that's good news for us.
This should be easy.
There's Tiny Tim.
I'll take Tiny Tim.
Good point.
Thanks mom.
Well I have news for you mom.
It is good enough...I'm good enough and I won't leave here until I hear you tell me... Mazel Tov! Hello Mazel Tov!
What a good poop you made in your diaper Mazel Tov! That's right!
Mommy loves you!
Such a good boy you are! Oh, I get it.
To you, the cat pooping in his diaper is somehow better than my saving a Jewish holiday.
So, what are you two planning after the wedding?
Well, I couldn't be happier for the both of you.
Merry Christmas Jamal.
Merry Christmas Niggas!
Ready to winch.
When it's time to relax....
One thing stands clear... Mil-ler's tastes too good to hurry through... ...beer after beer... DEJESUS(cont'd) Oh, shit... (to DeJesus) Hey, Hazy, I'm not that bad, man.
(laughs then imitates a hysterical DeJesus) Jonesy!
Well, it ain't.
The good doctor hasn't showed yet.
(sarcastically, under his breath to Bowman) 'Makes me feel better already... I've been looking at the duty roster...at the shack hours outstanding... Uh, oh...I see where this is going... (ignoring Jones) ...all of you owe time and I thought tonight would be a good time to--- (erupting) No way, Mister Beck!
Listen to it for Christsake.
But you've done well.
(smiles, relieved) Thank you, Martin.
MARTIN(cont'd) The one thing I've learned in this company is you can't have enough friends.
You think you're funny?
That's a beautiful place.
I'm not down here for the fun, I'll tell you that.
(laughing) I'm on the way to the looney bin?
You think you're so funny?
How'd the kid hold up? (pleased) Pretty good.
(laughing) I'm rich, honey.
Rich!
What good's the kid's med records anyway!
(beat) The Marshal Goloviev is now on a tour in the Baltic Sea.
Cute, DeJesus...Specimen cups?
(beat) Good...It's going good.
Everything helps... (she watches him) Why are you here?
Everybody in corporate training serves a tour on the line.
Has it helped?
(looking at a report, then up at Beck) Beautiful.
Thank you, sir.
I've been back and forth with Narragansett Naval all day, consulting with the best people in maritime medicine, the best people in viruses... (impatiently) And?
But if it was that simple why haven't the symptoms begun on you?
Beck, trust me.
Hey, man, we made quota to- day.
He's alive!
Sixty-four square miles.
It was when it counted a couple of million years ago when the seas came in and drove us into the water.
Relax, Cobb.
That's easy for you to say.
No, I'll be right there.
Looks good to me.
There, good as new.
(to Willie) Do you have the new bandage ready?
Run! Well done.
Thank goodness, you're still alive!
Please relax, Mr. Jones.
(smiles nervously) Well, that's the bad news.
I'll stand the first watch.
(to the others) Go! No! Go, now!
WILLIE(cont'd) (jubilant) The sun!
The sun! What happened to that typhoon?
(weakly) Tip top, Willie...tip top.
Jonesy...Give me your hand!
(smiling) So, how are you feeling?
I just -- Your mother would have been so proud of the way you've handled yourself through all of this... (softly) I know, Dad.
Buckle up! Watch it!
No, I'm good.
(laughs) Calm down, Kimmy.
(laughs; then) Who?
Hey, thanks for talking me into this trip.
Relax, you need to chill the fuck out.
(picking up two Naya bottles) Who am I, David Blane? (good-natured laughter) Okay, quit it already.
(trying to calm herself) The radio played the same songs, the old lady's bag broke the exact same way it did in my premonition.
I'm not going to tell you to calm down again -- You couldn't keep your dick in check for a month?! Great, now I'm really gonna be late.
Everything will be fine, you'll see.
Good.
I love you too, Dad.
Her strength...and courage.
Nice work.
It's the only way you'll be able to sav e the others...and me.
This is cheery.
But still fresh.
(off their confusion) The list of life is forever set by the Divine Plan, the guiding hand that plots the course of the universe, down to its tiniest element s.
The list accounts for every life; from the dawn of man to the great apocalypse.
To disrupt the grand design is to unravel the tapestry of the universe.
Now we can help each other.
I'm at the Super 8 motel.
I love you too.
Um, by the way, your shoe's untied.
Please.
I've got to stop and help those people.
Amazing... Is everybody alright?
Damn, can't you be quieter with that thing?
Everyone learns to love me once they get used to my sense of humor, okay?
Keep going.
Be alive, Isabella, please be alive.
Good advice, Sue.
She had the baby?
We're safe.
And came back to life.
Isabella's baby was the key.
Oh no... (to Clear) Thanks hon, the Henzels are going crazy for this thing.
(looks at him) You want magic?
Merry Christmas, Willie.
Have it your way, Willie.
Don't tell me which way to have it.
I'm finished when I'm finished.
Yeah baby!
Five Christmases I've given my heart -- my soul -- my love to these kids, and now what?
Great resume and photo by the way.
Thanks... you know, we been at this a long time an' all, so we like to think we do a good job...
You two are the best men for the job.
Merry Christmas!
Don't tempt my hand.
See ya tomorrow.
Didn't sit too well.
Then I'm the Easter Bunny.
In the shop.
From the shop.
You ain't gonna shit right for a week!
You're bringing my present early?
Can I help you, ma'am?
He doesn't have fucking friends!
Nice place you got.
Needs a bit of a woman's touch, but it's really nice.
Thanks...
Through the holidays.
Morning boys.
Morning Jesse.
God bless.
Okay, go ahead... ...Get the fuck outta here... 'Kay... (happy again) Time for the next lucky boy or girl to -- What gives?
I respect that.
Now you listen here, you -- Easy! Easy!
That's fair.
...Thanks.
You're welcome.
Good night Santa.
Good night Mrs. Santa's sister.
He's really a nice kid, isn't he? Hold on a minute.
Sweet Jews for Jesus... Holy motherfuck.
Thanks.
...Lovely boy.
We wish you all a Merry Christmas, Happy Chanukah and a joyous Kwanza.
Merry Christmas, Willie.
It is Christmas, Willie, and we are men, and Lois.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Anyways... see ya soon... ...Santa.
That's funny.
It's "My Sin." Audience laughs, Alvin wakes up and behaves.
Gives a conventional smile to his wife Beth.
I loved it.
Bev Walsh was wonderful.
It was funny.
Calvin gives his wife a conventional smile.
I swim and I study.
Conrad with goggles, ready to jump.
Swimming training session.
They have a new mechanic at C&S.
He finally crosses the street and enters building.
Ha! Hi! Come in.
Conrad laughs.
(points at Jarrett) Halloween : Beth opens door with a plate of candied apples ready.
Children's laughs.
(full grey hair) Beth joins the two women and man #2 : Calvin laughs with two male guests.
Birthday cake comes in with candles (CU) Beth and other women and gathered around the piano.
A woman in green going upstairs, drunk, trips over Calvin Calvin laughs.
Wonderful") Beth looks uptight and scornful.
They laugh.
Conrad enters hesitantly, back from garden.
Beth is busy dressing up the table.
[echo effect to get into Flashback] Beth is laughing at Buck story.
BUCK (cont'd) Conrad laughs.
Beth laughs.
Beth laughs.
Beth laughs.
Conrad stares at Beth laughing on the phone.
The gossip gets too funny.
Beth laughs.
They laugh.
Another training session at the swimming pool.
Bright kid like you, everything going for you.
Conrad laughs.
CONRAD (cont'd) Conrad goes home through park.Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, alleluia!
(realizing, more enthusiastic) Jeannine laughs.
[Happy music] Calvin and Conrad happily come back home with a Christmas tree on top of car.
Christmas tree standing in living room ready to be decorated.
Dr. BERGER'S OFFICE EVENING Calvin laughs nervously, all smiles.
Calvin laughs.
Beth gestures to the crowd in the mall.
Beth and Conrad are having lunch at a table in the diner.
Beth is summing up the birthday presents she bought.
Beth laughs.
Conrad opens tap, water flows.
Conrad stares at the water in his hands Let it out!
Give me your hand!
The boys are holding each other's hands over the overturned boat's hull.
It ain't so goddamned funny!
I won't, honest to God! Everything gonna be okay!
Brother!
Stay with me! Stay with me! Stay with me! Bucky!
Conrad comes out of it and stares at him.
I loved him.
And she was fine, she was OK.
She was busy, she was feeling good and she...
You're here and you're alive.
Ha! There's no point discussing it.
Well, stop being so godamn honest, and start being a little generous!
Well, I can't do it!
Love me.".
Beth, listen.
We all just want... Cal, Con, everybody, we just want you to be happy.
Happy?
But first, you better make sure that your kids are good and safe, that no one's fallen off a horse, or been hit by a car, or drowned in that swimming pool you're so proud of!
And then you come to me and tell me how to be happy!
Dinner was good.
Conrad gives his mother a hug, but she is like made of stone.
CONRAD (cont'd) Good night.
You are beautiful.
Cholo's on his way.
DEEP CONCUSSIVE SOUNDS can be felt as much as heard as... y (Looking up) `Flowers in the graveyard'.
These here are sky flowers.
Way up in Heaven.
I love ya, Charlie.
iley looks surprised.
You told me not to have any fun, I'm not having any fun at all.
16 16 ILEY'S VOICE comes over one Guerilla's hand-held radio.
How's the food?
A jug of good Kentucky goes for fifteen hundred back in town.
Mike! Wait! 4 24 Nice shootin'.
Good shootin'.
Ain't no such thing as nice shootin'.
I'm still here, ain't I? Everyone relaxes.
I'm fine, dad.
Mulligan looks down with gratitude at a bottle his hand.
There was nobody here this morning.
Keep it together, lady.
The body is CONVULSING in the last moments of life.
I said everybody has a story.
Mama kept the house.
45 45 (Handing Gus a five) You win.
Thank you, Knipp.
You said we should talk when I was less excited.
I'm a lot less excited now.
What do you want, Mister DeMora? 3 53 I can't have a place in the Green, fine.
Pay him.
Right now it's moonlight.
The Thing relaxes its grip and drops at Slack's feet.
Thank you.
I can't see! Riley pulls out a flashlight and shines it under the dash. he team fans out around the T-Bird.
The bride shuffles toward CHARLIE.
I had a brother.
Pull in! There! hey'll be coming up this road.
86 86 87 87 88 88 (To the Others) Y'all stay here.
You can't shoot your way in.
90 90 Everything's cool back there.
I am friendly.
Open up! 92 92 93 93 The hell you so happy about?
Riley told me to smile.
Make yourself useful.
98 98 99 99 PRETTY BOY lifts a clear cover off a RED FIRING BUTTON.
CHOLO'S eyes fall to the "Game Boy" in Riley's hand.
For a moment, Cholo looks despondent.
Then he forces a smile.
A ZOMBIE looks up toward the "blooms".
The hand is BIG DADDY'S.
Green 48! Green 48! Hut! Hut!
Makes us not so sad.
And we'll save the winning medicine for next Sunday, won't we?
Sounds exciting.
Better?
It always makes you feel better when you fire someone, we know it does, don't we?
McGINTY Courage.
McGINTY Yeah, and it looks like things have been going really well for you since.
(to the sky) Thank you, Lord! Nice.
Christ, Jimmy, I ask you to build me a team based on balls and the first player I see is Footsteps Falco?! McGINTY He's got as much natural talent as any quarterback in the league.
And he's got the happiest feet I've ever seen!
And here come the Scabskins now!Scabskins!
I love Wilson Jones!
McGINTY You look great.
McGINTY I met Mickey in Hawaii.
I first saw him play right here in D.C. for Galludet College.
Why not talk to Him in the midst of performing his gift?
I'd be glad to!
But you're good.
And you'll do good.
Well, thank you.
Look, I gotta study the play book tonight.
You are being paid to win.
You got to trust me on this: he's a big, tough kid with good hands.
You're good.
You're really good.
Likes to embroider.
Good.
Welcome to Strike Football!
22 green!
Lamont scores!
Thank you.
Thanks for... everything.
You saved my life.
... The Palm patrons showed an impromptu appreciation tonight for the new Washington Redskins.
Thanks.
Ten-three New York in what has turned out to be an incredible defensive duel.
Now that's a hit! Lee scores! Lee scores! Lee scores!
I love to see a fat guy score!
(to Murray) What a hit! (slower) What a hit! (to Murray) I'm proud of you, kid.
You'll score, too, with a Cadillac from Coleman Cadillac.
(same thing) You'll score, too, with a Cadillac from Coleman's Cadillac.
That's good, Mickey, that's real good.
Annabelle watches and laughs and claps.
(in a monotone) You'll score, too, with a Cadillac from Coleman Cadillac.
Good.
That was good.
It's team picture day and everyone looks happy to be there.
Good.
(to Shane) Hey, have a great game!
Good evening from the Big O here in Washington D.C. where the mighty Dallas Cowboys take on the Cinderella Washington 'Scabskins' as they have come to be known.
McGINTY Congratulations.
McGINTY Alright, listen up.
It's important that you leave here, however, with the knowledge that you have made a difference in your own life, in the owner's life -- or what's left of it -- and especially the fans'.
We have one more opportunity tonight to do that, one more chance to show what heart is all about.
(rolling his eyes) Here we go... Shane! (to Butler) I just want to say what an honor it is to play opposite you.
Well, this is a first.
I'm gonna do it again 'cause it was fun! Black 98! Black 98! Hut! (now at running back) sweeps outside with Jamal and Reese Evans leading the way.
runs off tackle and scores.
Redskin first down.
I love when you guys agree.
That's good for twelve yards.
McGINTY I need your hands in there for the field goal.
(mouths the word) Great.
Well come over, will you?
O.K. Honey.
I love you.
I love you too.
Well? (resigned) Why not? (smiles; he's pleased) We'll move in Sunday.
Dad? Honey!
O.K. I'll be nice.
(grins oafishly) Got her mother's looks.
(a dazzling smile) I'm brother Frank.
(smiles) Oh.
I came for the wedding.
Oh yes.
You're very welcome.
We'll get you out into the fresh air.
(protests) No ... no ... I ... Come on, you're only young once - (to Kirsty) What are you drinking, love?
Are you O.K.? (looks at his watch) Christ.
We've got celebrating to do.
(to Julia) It was a wonderful meal.
It was wonderful.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
We're so happy you're back.
(at the door) That's nice.
Well ... goodnight.
Only when I laugh.
Help me.
Please.
Hey, sex-bomb - You keep your - (sees Steve) Oh. (smiles) Hi.
Please.
You know, you're incredible - Come on in.
You're warm.
Loveliest woman I ever set eyes on.
Good.
Help me.
Then we can be together, the way we were before.
I'm O.K., honey.
I love you, honey.
KIRSTY (on phone) I love you too.
Better.
Much better.
Not in the whole wide world.
You're beautiful.
Beautiful.
And that makes the pleasures so much sweeter ... Give that to me.
Tender.
And you're safe here.
Oh yes.
He's alive.
Please!
Thank God.
(smiles) He's gone.
No, Frank - Where are you, beautiful?
It was nice of them to relax the dress code for you.
(checking his watch) You want a popsicle, go to Good Humor.
Thanks.
Promise me?
Saving your life.
You people are wild... Wild.
Have a wonderful flight.
Get a new book.
No. Nick, have I been a good partner?
Givin' you a book is like givin' a baby a gun.
Nick! (perfect English) Thanks for the ride, detective.
We're the good guys!
What is it, tea time?
(singing) "Goodness, gracious, great balls of fire."
No, this is the place for the young Yakuza.
I love you people.
You should be nicer to my American friends, Joyce.
Trust me.
Joyce can be nice.
(big smile) That I should let you pay for the drinks.
Kobo's a wild boy.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to work with these distinguished gentlemen.
He's an officer of great distinction.
You cool, Ich? Cool?
(to Ich) Now we're making progress.
It's good manners.
Work, lunch, groceries, laundry... Fabulous... (looking back out the window) Four goddamn days.
(right back at her) Sure, but then I just pull out the photos.
Good.
I'll be a nice Gaiijin.
God bless him.
It's a new deal.
You've got better things to do.
You know where I can get a decent cup of coffee this time of night?
Japan... Nice, huh?
I'm glad you're here.
I'll pay you.
Kobo will meet me here tomorrow.
Good.
Better wake him up.
You did great, Ichiro.
(smiling) I like him waiting.
I'm amused.
Thanks.
I just saw your mother inna fruit shop, and she says to me, "Hey, you know a nice girl for my boy Marty?" Watsa matter with you?
It's Saturday night.
He coming home right now.
All right, Ginnie, don't get so excited.
You know a nice girl he can marry?
Well, there's the Stardust Ballroom.
Every Saturday night, it's just loaded with girls.
It's a nice place to go.
Nice, respectable place to meet girls.
This is very nice-a you, Aunt Theresa, what you're doing for us, and don't think we don't appreciate... He's here.
You gotta good heart.
It's gonna be nice!
It's gonna be nice!
You wanna have a drink before we start dancing?
There was one nice-looking one there inna black dress and beads, but she's dancing now.
(looking off-screen) There's a nice-looking little short one for you right now.
Waddaya say, you wanna dance?
Well, how's everything with you?
Everybody's fine...
We gotta postcard from my son Nickie and his bride.
They're inna big hotel in Florida on their honeymoon.
She is a good girl, but you drive her crazy.
You come to my house where you know you be happier yourself.
I ask you to come to my house, because I can make you happy.
I have strength in my hands.
And I also want you to know I'm having a very good time with you now and really enjoying myself.
You're a very nice guy, and I don't know why some girl hasn't grabbed you off long ago.
That's one of the most beautiful things I have in my life, the way my father and mother were.
That's funny.
He was studying to be a Jesuit, but he gave it up after his first vows.
And it's gonna be nice.
This guy's a nice guy.
This is a good deal here, Marty.
Thanks anyway.
So I was telling you, my kid brother Nickie got married last Sunday.
I never saw anything so grand in my life.
I'm a butcher, so I know a good hunka steak when I see one.
Listen, Clara, make yourself comfortable.
I just wanna kiss, that's all.
Comes New Year's Eve, everybody starts arranging parties, I'm the guy they gotta dig up a date for.
Listen, Angie, I want you to meet Clara... (he tries to turn the sullen Angie toward Clara) Clara, this is my best friend, Angie.
It's Saturday night!
Tommy, I love you, and I know you feel lousy right now, but we're never gonna be happy unless we have a chance to work out our own lives.
We can't keep talking in whispers like this the resta our lives.
Well, make yourself at home.
(to Catherine) You wanna cuppa coffee?
Boy, beautiful day, hey, Thomas?
You gotta good job, you got no wife, you got no responsibilities.
She's a nice girl.
Oh, I hadda nice time...I didn't try nothing.
She's a nice girl.
She tells him how she loves him.
And he says, "It was easy."
And then he meets two beautiful twins, and they throw passes at him.
My mother's right out onna porch.
(Sings) "I wanna be loved by you, alone and nobody else by you boo boo pee doo" Amen to that honey Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, pal! Ya lettin' out the heat!
But I did learnt this from him: the power of positive thinking By the power of our Devotions... We turn the world once more.
By our devotion to the Wisdoms We bring back the sun.
...It's a boy! ...It's a girl!
He'll grow out of it.
Let's get you warm and toasty.
Tell me again what she's like (sings) a wiggle when she walks, a giggle when she talks, makes my world go round.... (sharply) Hey.
When I get happy my feet get happy too.
O Baby.
You vant to meet beautiful girl?
You vant to make the Egg? Oh yes.
Well singk!
Happy feelink.
You take a big breath, good and...now!
I'm sittin' on a rock, mindin' my own business when suddenly... dere onta me.
...Come on, out witcha! ...Ya sneaky-ass flipperbird!
...Great, Yellaleg.
Thank you Mumble, but it's yours.
Its for you Thank you.
"Gotta keep those lovin' good Vibrations a happenin' with her, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh..." (very loud and tuneless) "...Good, Good, Good...Good VibRatiOns..." ...Mumble, ...Knock it off.
"Gotta keep those lovin' good Vibrations A happenin' with her." "Ahhh..." "...AaahhhhHhhhhhhhhhhhhHhhhhhh..." (gently) Mumble, the thing is...
(to the others) Hola muchachos!
...Kiss my frozen toosh, rubber butt I know where you live.
....And Some folks so hungry they eating rocks (laughing) ...Eating rocks!!? ...That is major funny.
Why funny?
The one with the most rocks gets the chicas.
(calls after them) Yeah guys, in your dreams ...You see.
The reason there are not enough fish is simple: There is not enough love in the world.
(over this) Okay, everybody, turn around to the penguin next to you and give them a great big hug.
Comeon, everybody...hug!
...We gotta get to work guys!! ...Hola Baby! Get your chica boom-boom here.
(to Mumble) Hey big guy, got any love stones over where you come from?
We sing ...Easy as that?
...Its a distress call ...Its world music ...Get out of here!
The singing we can fix.
Tall and tanned and young and lovely The Girl from Ipanema goes walking And when she passes each guy she passes goes `Aaaah' Oh, and I want her so badly How can I tell her I love her? Yes I would give my heart gladly But each day when she walks to the sea, She looks straight ahead not at me...." Mumble?
Tall and tanned and young and lovely.. (overlapping) Hi Ella, what do you think?
You and me baby, we can make sweet music.
This is the song inside me! (bellows) I'm just showing them Happy Feet Happy WHAT?!
You think it's my fault that there are no fish?!! Doing Happy Feet can't cause a food shortage.
We got babies on board ...Wow.
...Oh, this one's easy.
...He swam.... ...On his Hectic Journey of Delightenment... ...To the Forbidding Shore.
...Oh yeah, nice.
...Good call big guy.
I owe you my life amigo.
... Yeah like when he did his Happy Feet, his feet had wings.
He's looking for a mate, mate.
Watch you don't hit The Convergence mate.
Where the cold water meets the warm, mate.
Decimated, mate.
The great southland's swarming with em Where's that.
Not the pointy thing!
Heaven.
Look Mommy!
It's dancing!
I was finally getting through to them! ...What's that?
Adhere to the wisdoms!!
BE SPONTANUOUS!! (dancing) You know who that is?
But one of the stars we're harvesting supports these things here.
Charming So.
He was... Is this your daughter?
I live that way.
Please.
Please.
I loved him so much you know... Billy... Everyone loves their children don't they?
What, yeah, thanks.
Good.
Love is a burning thing And it makes a firey ring Bound by wild desire I fell into a ring of fire I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down And the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The Ring of Fire / The Ring of Fire I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down And the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The Ring of Fire / The Ring of Fire The taste of love is sweet When hearts like ours meet I fell for you like a child Oh, but the fire went wild.
Please.
My daughters.
My shop.
Please.
It's a story old women tell their grand children... 'The Angel of Vengeance' is supposed to come down from the heavens and judge the living... restore karma to the world.. How does he do that?
Don't tell me to calm down.
Good... You're a fighter, kid.
... I love violence.
He used to be a great boxer.
I love you.
It's easier this way.
Trust me.
And I thought - this is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen - so I just walked up to her and started talking.
She's a good girl.
He's good to me... Well that's nice isn't it, I'm really happy for you-- Mum!
Nice to meet you Mai.
Nice evening?
I didn't say it was easy.
Policemen are good.
Especially life... We'll take care of this business for you.
It's my first time.
You had opportunities.
You, my darling you.
And I wish you, joy and happiness.
You, darling, I love you.
You deserved to win.
These were new monsters.
Good.
Listen Li Hom.
And by the way... Congratulations.
What did she promise you?
I got about twelve grand at the club... Should be enough to get us there.
Good.
Almost heaven, West Virginia Blue ridge mountains Shenandoah river - Life is old there Older than the trees Younger than the mountains Growin' like the breeze.
Country roads, take me home To the place I belong West Virginia, mountain momma Take me home, country roads All my memories gathered round her Miners lady, stranger to blue water Dark and dusty, painted on the sky Misty taste of moonshine Teardrops in my eye.
To friends.
Cheers.
Talking's good, walking's better.
Sleeping's better.
(on the tape) Good morning, Mr. Phelps.
There's a camera built right into the bridge.
Whatever you see it sees and transmits it back here.
You have a lovely smile (eyes).
Wonderful.
This week he's flyfishing at the Oughterard Slough in County Kildare, with one of our best Irish guides.
Green light.
Thank you.
Iim on my way.
Are you clean?
That's not so good for you, my friend.
What makes you trust me?
This is Joe Jones, CNN, Love in Madison, Wisconsin.
Hauling Mom off to jail in shackles was an especially nice touch.
Once you showed up in England..it was easy.
You realize itis over, youire an obsolete piece of hardware not worth upgrading, youive got a lousy marriage and sixty-two grand a year.
(back into phone) Ha, dear boy!
Good place for a pass off to Max.
Run it through from the top.
Ethan Hunt, darling.
Oh, Ethan is in love with you, Claire, make no mistake about it.
Satisfied?
He was a good guy for a long, long time.
The last of the great cat burglars.
Tell him it was a sweet gift, but I think he got some wrong ideas about our friendship.
Welcome back, buddy ol' pal.
Easy as my brother's wife.
If the Mario brothers weren't Jersey's third largest family, I'd say kiss my ass.
What's your favorite sport, Hawk?
Help?
That's cool, but next time, I'm not going to say "Please."
(getting up) Your timing, and your shoes, are impeccable... Good to see you, Alex, been having a lousy day.
Where's the kiss?
My next word was gonna be "consciousness."
Who's your buddy?
"A mule is an animal with long funny ears."
Check the Power room, bud... swing on a star, carry moonbeams... "Or would you rather be a fish?" (moving back off) Very funny.
You can be better than you are.
Kiss a woman in Italy.
(rising) Lovely work, Alfred, taking the Concorde back?
(breathless) Too-do-loo, babe.
("Hey, I was kidding") Thanks tough guy, thanks a lot.
Life don't get much better than this.
Make him into Roadkill!
Almond Joy.
You were one incredible thief... To what do I owe the dishonor of a reunion, you centrally intelligent scumsicle.
Hawk, my name's George Kaplan and to quote the late, great Karen Carpenter, "We've only just begun."
Welcome to Rome, sir.
You better have a good excuse...
You better have a better excuse!
Well, listen close, babe.
So Hawkasaurus, I won't mince words... Whatever.
You own Boardwalk, you own Park Place, you own the four railroads.
If you're pausing for a "thank you," give it up.
What about having a nice, dull dinner with me tonight.
And I'll bring my entourage... Secret passageways don't mean as much as they used to.
The big E. Hello, operator.
I'd like to make a collect call to New York number... Thank you, operator, thank you.
Enjoying Italy?
Did my first barehanded strangulation here.
Good news, bud, the Mayflowers have moved up the time-table.
We blow up space shuttles for breakfast.
Did it for fun.
Scout's honor.
It's funny, but that excites me.
(she scores) I'll bring the ketchup.
With all due respect to that great blouse, why didn't I cut out her heart?
Good.
May I call you Minnie.... Come to think of it there is a part of your body that you won't need for your next job... Hey, guys, I've always wanted to sing like Franki Valli and the other seasons, but come on.... Big girls don't cry-I-eye.
That's fair.
Hit me with your best shot.
A good man.
("What's my Line") That's two down to Kitty Carlisle... Cool, isn't it?
Great minds worked for centuries to turn worthless into priceless.
We'll still be the richest, most powerful people in the world.
In 1992, Europe is coming together to become one business superpower.
It's one party we'd love to poop.
Fits my new image.
The green light is where the Art Treasures room is.
Everything's going fine, Minerva, thanks for asking...
"But we'll travel along, singing a song.
Please?
Most of your life, your government has told you that Capitalism turns people into robots who'd rather eat microwave sushi, naked in the back of a Cadillac than hear the laughter of children.
(smiling) We're here to say, your government was right.
This is the room above the Art Treasures room.
The lock is a Natalya Z-Z, first created... Snickers, baby, I love you like a brother, but really, who cares?
1992 reality. "We all had our quarrels and parted..." "But we'll be the same as we started... "Just traveling along, singing a song.
Ah, victory is so sweet.... Yum.
This is the best meal I ever had... Damnit, this isn't the plan!
You're helping us achieve a goal and in return, I'm giving you a key to the world's executive washroom.
The Mayflowers got... What a pleasant surprise.
And Hawk, I didn't want you to go to hell without knowing that Darwin and I's dream came true.
The goal of world domination.
The lives of shmoes like you have meaning only in relation to the rich, to the powerful, to ME! Do it.
Da Vinci made the real directions in a secret script that I decoded.
Da Vinci would be proud of you.
(smiling) But you're a close second, tough guy.
What is that smile?
The first one's for Alex. Cheers.
This is exciting... That's 'cause nothing is happening.
We don't give that out... Listen carefully.
That is the hand we have been dealt at this moment, at eleven-forty-seven o'clock Friday night.
Normally, he is cool.
Meet and greet.
Good.
(in the phone) Hey, Sailor... (pause) Yeah, I'm good.
Whew...it wild!
Glad we came.
This place is a lot of fun if you're Doctors Without Borders.
To build trust.
You will prosper beyond your dreams and you can live in Miami in millionaire style.
I look forward to our doing work together.
So I extend my best wishes to your families... (to Tubbs) Particularly to your beautiful wife.
...and thanks for the flowers.
The bouquet, here.
We're on our way... (forced casual) So why don't you...meet the plane... (cool) Okay.
It's quality, girl.
Thanks for the flowers...
(smiles; Crockett shakes his head "no") Good.
(smiles) And he is not my husband... Were you born in Havana?
Mozambique and Mali, too... (over the wind) ...those days, in those days...she was part of Cuba's gift to the third world.
I am free.
Do you dance?
I dance... My aunt.
(pause) I see her in a dress...an old photograph from Lucinda somebody's wedding...everybody is with couples.
She is the most beautiful woman in the room.
In a party dress.
(laughs) That's right.
Chill out Sonny.
ISABELLA (cont'd) So I predict a few good runs.
And people, who are good at what they do?
No predetermined places and times to meet.
You give yours to me.
Deal.
What friend?
It's always good to keep people your friends care about close to you.
(into phone) Hello...? Welcome, folks.
Today's Friday, the three-hundredth-and-fourteenth day of the year... They're proving it's right now.
And that she's alive right now... ...nice friends you got.
She's still alive.
(beat) This was too good to last.
Goodness!
Beautiful day.
Good morning Lady Thatcher.
I'm fine, thank you Susie.
I'll put it on the mantelpiece, and there's an invitation from Lord Armstrong for lunch on the first Friday of next month.
Margaret- Good girl.
We on this island are strong.
Time for tea.
Thank you, dear.
It's nearly all familiar faces, William, Michael and his lovely wife- Jacqueline.
And then there's Peter, James R and James T and that very nice man- Yes- - we met last year.
Oh, yes, to his core.
Oh, yes.
It was a family business.
You were remarkable.
I hope you appreciate what an inspiration you have been for women like myself.
Well anyway, I...thank you.
Good night to you.
Great to see you, thank you very much for coming.
And I'm so pleased to see your mother looking so well.
Well tell him to come up and see me after he's kissed them good night, would you Carol darling?
You are a grocer's daughter- (fiercely) -And proud of being- - in their eyes.
But if you were to become the wife of a moderately successful businessman- You'd get to parliament, and I'd get to be the happiest man in- in wherever they select you.
I love you so much but...I will never be one of those women Denis - who stays silent and pretty on the arm of her husband.
Beyond the cooking and the cleaning and the children, one's life must mean more than that - I cannot die washing up a tea cup.
You look happy.
You look happy.
Welcome to the madhouse.
Methinks the Right Honourable lady doth screech to much.
Thank you, Margaret.
We on this island are strong.
We should encourage our children to aspire to achieve more than we have, for our children today will be the leaders of tomorrow.
Move over... Move to your right a little bit...
Carol!
Well he's in the way!
Move to the right!
Thanks Ma, that was terrific!
You've got lovely hair but we need to do something with it - to make it more- Important.
That `oh yes' at the end of the interview, that's authoritative, that's the voice of a leader.
So nice to meet you ladies.
I passionately believe it's the growth of small businesses into larger ones that is critical for Britain's future.
It's time to put the Great back into Great Britain!
Good night Margaret.
My money's on the filly to win! Oh, thanks Airey.
That together we can shake off the shackles of socialism and restore to greatness this country that we love so much.
The place that she has secured in British history, as the first woman ever to be invited to form a government.
The bonus of one of the most famous addresses in the world, Number 10 Downing Street.
And now, I should like to share with you a prayer of St Francis of Assisi: Where there is discord may we bring harmony...
Less than two years ago, the Prime Minister quoted St. Francis and talked about bringing faith, hope and harmony to this country.
We did not seek election and win in order to manage the decline of a great nation.
You saved the day once again, Crawfie, you're an angel.
Come on love, get to bed.
Time to call it a day, darling.
Well it costs him a great deal to fly everyone up here.
(turning round shaking a cocktail) One likes to make an effort.
If there is to be an escalation, it's better that we start it.
President Reagan and President Bellaunde of Peru have some new proposals for the peace plan - (sharply) The peace plan?
From the most hated Prime Minister of all time to the nation's darling...The world was at your feet, and Britain was back in business!
And why have we not made more progress to date?
If this is the best you can do I had better send you to hospital, and I shall do your job as well as my own and everyone else's.
Good morning!
Despicable and cowardly - Cynical Falklands war - More homeowners, more shareholders, more savings - I offer my resignation after eleven and a half extraordinary years - -proud to have left Britain in a much better state than when we took office.
The greatest Prime Minister since Churchill deposed by a bunch of spineless pygmies!
And you did, love, you did.
All I wanted was for my children to grow up well and be happy - happier than I was certainly.
Were you happy, Denis?
You're going to be fine on your own, love.
(calling out) Denis!! Mummy- My God, Mum.
(growls) Nice to see you find Political Science so stimulating -- I'm sorry -- Julie!
I had another dream, Will.
I thought I was over the dreams for good.
(cont'd) It was one year ago... It's...the anniversary.
(cheering her up) To get out of Southport?
The joys of summer school... (beat) Are you okay?
Thanks for the talk, Will.
You're good to me.
I was excited... (re: the receding Will) Who was that guy?
He's a friend.
Yeah, right -- whatever.
Ray's a great guy, nothing against old Ray, but he's so...Ray.
Will's a nice guy, too, and he lives right down the street.
And you, dancing queen, are coming with me.
(re: Julie) Ask her to dance.
You're the most beautiful woman in the bar tonight, Jules.
(beat) Wanna dance?
Tyrell, I appreciate it, but have you seen my people dance?
Ben... Hye, baby.
I know it, and it feels good.
This is Mark in the Morning for Magic 96.7 Radio Station!
Mark in the Morning!
Magic 96.7! Oh my God!
Well, I'm in school and -- How'd you like to win a Magic 96.7 Quicky Getaway?
Yes! Good, then I hope you remember your geography, Karla, because all you have to do to win is tell me the capital of Brazil.
You just won Magic 96.7's Quickie Getaway...a trip for four to Tower Bay Island in the fabulous Bahamas.
Magic 96.7!
Julie, is everything cool?
Karla said... I said we start having fun.
(getting into the spirit) We goin' Bahamas, I'm Ty's Bahama Mama.
(deadpan) I'm the King of the World.
(deadpan) No, I'm the King of the World.
(sharing the moment) I will, and you remind me of the same thing.
(smiles) Yep.
That's what the tourists pay for -- sun, sea, and solitude.
(mile-wide smile) I can get used to this.
Welcome, Fair Princess, to Tower Bay.
(undetered) Who be wantin' the kind, the uber- sticky, the Bwana, The depth-charge, the Up-All-Night-Laughing-With-Your- Friends?
Lovely ladies.
Nice dog.
(proud) Built in 1948 for a member of the Rockefeller clan.
You can toss a shoe at me if it gets out of hand.
(hisitant) He said he has a hook on his hand.
KARLA (cont'd) For the next foury-eight hours... (joking) Your smile is a frown...turned upside down.
Four Dark and Stormies... (toasting) To a great weekend -- Yeah, a great weekend.
I'll drink to that! (to Nancy) So what do you do around here for fun?
(beat) Or let them make fun of themselves... Karaoke -- perfect.
Go baby!
One single with extra cheese!
Not me...no way... Come on, it'll be fun.
This was really sweet...
I want you to be happy.
Ah, baby, let's stay right here.
Waybe you were dreaming.
Fine, buddy.
This ain't the romantic weekend I had in mind.
Nice move.
People live healthy in Miami.
We'll be better off in the open.
We're closed.
He had a nice family.
I repeat...This is Summer Breeze...
Give me a boost up -- There's no way to lock it.
(to Julie) And you, sexy...I loved watching you.
Please!
Help's here.
Help's here.
He's -- Help me.
I trusted you.
This is Captain Miles Cooles...we've got a rescue situation in progress... (over the chopper) Keep those people back.
The element of surprise, Scully.
Scully -- listen to me.
But it hasn't turned out that way.
Poopy day?
No. I've been watching your career for a good while.
Old friend of your father's.
Thank you.
The daily newspaper.
It's...amazing.
Tonight in London, to determine a course.
That we are nothing more than digestives for the creation of a new race of alien lifeforms?! Let me remind you who is the new race.
This is great.
This is fitting.
Who better.
I'm quite sure whatever you told Agent Mulder, you have your good reason.
Is she alive?
You hold in your hand the power to end the project.
Agent Scully... ...while there is direct evidence now that a federal agent may have been involved in the bombing... the other events you've laid down here seem too incredible on their own, and quite frankly implausible in their connection.
What is it you find incredible?
I realize you're very lucky to be alive Agent Scully.
Congratulations on your survival.
What I've worked for fifty years to create.
(sensing their unease:) It's starting.
Go ahead, make fun of me.
You know how much I appreciate everything you and Bob are doing for me, but a month from now, this baby'll have a new family and I'll have to start thinkin' about what the hell I'm doin' with my life.
The rate we're going, we'll be lucky to make it to Scottsdale by Christmas.
And I think it's real good of you to lend her a helping hand, but she is not your responsibility.
Told her when they finally ran the freeway through here like they were plannin' on, this place would be like Grand Central Station.
It's time for you to move on from this place, Jeep.
(rubs his hands together) Okay, baby, this is gonna do it.
Nice work, Bob.
(a beat then a smile) Is that my little man...? Yeah, well I'm working hard, so that I can be with you.
You bein' good?
Nice to meet you, Gladys.
What a nice young couple you are.
Looks brand new.
Thank you, dear.
But what about the baby?
Shoot her, Jeep! (a sickly sweet smile) You'll never save her.
Not everybody can play the hero.
Nice `n' easy.
Oh, honey, listen.
Get ready!
Where is it?! Mom! Open your eyes!
(springing after her Howard!
See what you made me do, mother!? No! Howard!
He's alive!
He's alive!
Thanks.
Howard's the beer drinker in the family.
Get ready.
Dad! Get ready!
What a way to bring a child into the world.
Jeep, sooner or later she'll realize you're the best thing that's ever happened to her.
The baby's okay.
So are we safe now?
Mom! Don't do it, lady!
My path ends here.
To not feel their burden...is a dream.
The baby? Alive.
How can this happen in a world so beautiful?
I'm so happy there.
Thanks.
I hope she smiled like that all the time, whoever she was.
That you're so young.
Yeah...good memory.
Thank you.
Good one, champ.
Mom, I need my lunch.
I didn't touch your books.
You're a great mother.
They like you so much better than me.
You're the cool dad who comes home with presents and I'm the one who yells at them all day.
They love you.
Thank you for letting me take some time off to work on my music again.
There's a couple of songs...I mean not all of them, but there's a couple of them that I think are really good.
Foster, sit down honey.
Thank you, Alanso.
You're a saint.
You're the strong one.
I've always felt like less than good enough for you.
You're okay, buddy.
You've never been to a church in your life.
This industry gets laughed at enough as it is.
Whenever you're ready then.
It measures DC fields and the natural electro magnetic environment.
Not really, but whatever.
To put your mind at ease, and if this helped, then great.
You never believed me... Honey, I'm on your side.
Thank you.
Thank you for your time.
It would make life a lot easier if I did.
I want you to know something...you have never been less than good enough for me.
You're my best friend...my soulmate.
I love you so much.
I love you too.
Close your eyes, Josh...and relax.
I want you to relax your physical body and let the astral body gain strength...feel it rising out of your chest.
You are a living soul!
You did good too in an assistant- type way.
You introduced me to a new world.
You introduced me to a new world.
Oh yes? -- Better than those on Richesse..
I see two Great Houses -- House Atreides, House Harkonnen -- feuding...
-- The Atreides house is building a secret army!... using a technique unknown to us... a technique involving sound.
I will give you the Tleilaxu Path.
The spice must flow... the spice has given me accelerated evolution for four thousand years... it has enabled you to live two hundred years... the spice helps make the sapho juice, which gives the red-lipped mentats the ability to be living computers... the secret side of spice... the water of life.
Gurney... we had practice -- this morning..... I'm not in the mood.
(angered) Not in the mood?! Mood's a thing for cattle and love play... not fighting.
(his voice sounding strange through the forcefield) Guard yourself for true! (inner voice) What's gotten into Gurney?
If you'd fought one whit below your abilities I'd have scratched you a good one.
They live in the deep desert... some of them in the cities and they have blue- within-blue eyes... (smiling) The eyes -- yes, yes... saturation of the blood by the spice -- melange.
-- You will make a formidable Duke!
(happily) Duncan!
May the hand of God be with us all, Duncan.
Thank you for joining me, Paul.
(out loud) Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides three generations....
It makes me feel very proud...
I want you to be proud of me.
(inner voice) I know she has come to test him... no man has ever been tested with the box... only Bene Gesserit women.
My greatest student... and my greatest disappointment.... He's awake!... He's listening to us.
(considering) Good... Ready yourself, young Paul Atreides...
I enjoin you to stand guard at the door and practice the meditation of peace.
Your Reverence.
Well he isn't... and he won't die... Tell me he won't die!
(as the Baron watches the boy) You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
(inner voice) Far off in the control rooms.... Travelling without moving.
Each day those palms take enough water to sustain the life of one hundred men.
(swiftly) My wife... you didn't know my wife... they... -- (out loud) Forgive me... (inner voice) ... His wife was Bene Gesserit too... the signs are al over him....
(Inner voice) ...and a traitor... God help us.
(inner voice) I must speak with you Leto! -- (staring at the blue-eyed woman -- waiting for possible danger.)
With a Fremen suit in good working order, one can sustain life for weeks, even in the deep desert.
My thanks.
The young master is a trained Mentat, an advanced student of Prana Bindu has studied under some of the finest teachers in the Universe.
(inner voice as a blinding light comes and goes) Spice!... pure un-refined spice!
(murmuring) Bless the Maker and his water... Bless the coming and going of him.
The SOUND is deafening.
I promise.
(inner voice -- as he studies the Duke) This Duke is more concerned over his men than the spice!
Everyone thinks that there are but few -- wandering here and there in the desert.... My lord, I suspect an incredible secret has been kept on this planet... that the Fremen exist in vast numbers... vast numbers... and it is they that control Arrakis.
(struggling to use The Voice) Don't touch my mother... (inner voice) Oh great mother!
No? No. (inner voice) The calming exercise.
(inner voice) Excellent!
Now? (The Voice) First cut my son's bonds.
It was Feyd? (laughing) It was Feyd!
He's dead... -- I know (inner voice) I have NO FEELINGS!! Why? (screaming) I'm alive!!! I'm alive!!!
I feel for no one... (inner voice) The second moon... from the dreams... 139.
Listen to me!... you wanted to know about my dreams... and I've just had a waking dream... do you know why?... -- Calm yourself/ The spice!
(inner voice) Is he....?
(inner voice) I'm a seed.
(laughs) Rabban, Rabban...
(massaging in rhythm) Give me spice!
-- (to Feyd) And when we've crushed these people enough I'll send in you Feyd... they'll cheer you as a rescuer... lovely Feyd... really a lovely boy.
(suddenly he smiles and screams) Where's my doctor?
(puts in her noseplug) I'm ready.
Keep going... Faster!! -- (screaming) It's deafening!
Drum sand! (inner voice) Cinnamon... the spice!
-- (inner voice) Water on Arrakis!!!
I have seen this place in a dream.
(out loud) A treasure.
Greater than treasure, Usul.
The Rocks of Arrakis hold many secrets.
(inner voice) I am only a seed.
(inner voice) No one ever dreamed there would be so many.
(inner voice) The dream unfolds.
This is what I will teach you.
-- This is part of the weirding way that we will teach you.
The Water of Life.
Drink! (inner voice) The ultimate awareness spectrum narcotic.
(gasping) Great Mother!
-- (inner voice)(fearful) No! This is the place where we cannot look.
(inner voice) Now my daughter and I are both Reverend Mothers.
(inner voice) She did it!
I love you... I've always loved you.... -- 204.
It's the way she speaks of things... ...beyond her years and of things no child could know -- things of the past.
(whispering) You are my life.
He's taken the Water of Life.
(loud) Your time has come.
(inner voice) Father... our time has come.
I do not court your brother's pleasure.
(points to Alia, who is smiling at her) Get out of my mind!!!
Emperor Shadam the IV... there are Guild Heighliners above us containing many Great Houses of the Lansraad.... SEND THEM How dare you speak to me... (speaking into electric microphone) Stop your speaking!! (to the Guildsmen) Good.
Get ready to get down in paradise.
We'll chill out in Bora Bora for a couple months.
It looks better on you anyways.
We should head for those trees.
You boys are too good for me.
Nice to see you again, fellas.
Sound good, tough guy?
That's funny, I don't know no U.S. Army that comes without no friends.
You saving me?
Now you're gonna make me enjoy this, funny guy.
Hand 'em to me.
Thanks, man.
Nice of you to draw me a bath.
Is it Saturday already?
Good thing you were there to save the day.
Help me out here.
He gets to be the hero.
Be ready in three hours.
Nice hops.
See the one with the funny colored hair?
Thanks, but I'm here on business.
Beautiful!
This is a gift.
Smile, bychara.
It's sweet.
True freedom is when you do whatever you want anytime you want.
Easy.
You get enough money that you grow an ass big enough for the whole world to kiss.
Dance with this guy!
This is great, dancing with the back of your head.
You got all bent out of shape as soon as he started dancing with someone else.
You came in as Yorgi's girlfriend and you stayed because it was fun.
It's cool, I feel you.
They went to breakfast.
You agree with a lot of what he says, don't you.
The data that you copied with your toy.
Petra, trust me.
P.O.V. Through scope - he can faintly see them inside the Nice and easy, Petra...
Xander, my friend, that can only be you.
Yeah, give it here.
If you don't feel fear you can do some amazing things, but you can also screw your life up in ways you can't imagine.
Fantastic options.
Let's stop playing nice.
This day keeps getting better and better.
This is going to be exciting, buddy!
Come on, sing with me! (singing madly) "I am an Antichrist / I am an anarchist / I... wan-na be... Anarchy!"
You're a hero.
Don't be afraid to join the good guys.
Who says you're the good guys?
(smiles) You're a jerk-off, you know that?
We had a deal.
(laughing) What are you doing?
(eying him) Neither would I. Ladies and gentlemen...I congratulate each and every one of you for making this one of the greatest days in the history of the Nakatomi corporation... What about dinner?
Harry, it's Christmas Eve.
(in reply) I was thinking more of roaring fireplaces...mulled wine and a nice brie... Ginny, it's 6:40, you're making me feel like Ebeneezer Scrooge.
(grateful) Thanks Ms. Gennaro.
Will you come say 'good night'?
(enjoying Lucy's giggle) Now put Paulina on the line, and no searching the house for presents!
That is Christmas music.
Cute toy.
(sotto) Relax, Ellis.
Food?
(grinning) I'm fine.
Actually, it's kind of a double celebration.
(to McClane) You wife's made for this business.
Nice, but one of us is three hours out of sync.
You'll be in the car the whole time...Look, let's make this easy.
It's not huge, but the kids would love to have you at the house.
Holly tries to smile.
When we have achieved our aims you can walk out of here... or be carried out.
It's the best place to transmit.
So let them start their feeble efforts; until them, stay calm.
Just listen fast because this is a party line and the neighbors are trigger happy.
I'm ahead of you...partner.
Eat your heart out, Channel Four.
Hey, I love you.
(flattered) Hey, I read the papers, I watch 60 minutes, I say to myself, these guys are professionals, they're motivated, they're happening.
You're amazing.
(smiling) Hans, baby...I'm your white knight.
I can give him to you.
And you better be right, because this one's going to take a miracle.
It's Christmas, Theo, it's the time of miracles.
(stepping forward, plastic smile) Dwayne Robinson, LAPD.
You want to stay alive, keep moving.
Thank you.
(to Big Johnson) That's one good thing.
Better than being caught with your pants down, right?
(smiling) Call me Bill.
Must sound pretty silly to you... Sounds better than nothing.
When things panned out for her, I should've been behind her all the way ...We had something great going until I screwed it up...She was the best thing that ever happened to a bum like me.
She's heard me say I love you a thousand times, but she never got to hear this...honey...I'm sorry.
-- I know you're proud of your daddy... (to the children) ...because he's a very brave policeman.
How nice to make your acquaintance.
A little bonus for us.
Where's Holly -- The took her -- after they saw the kids on television -- What? God -- Listen to me!
(getting in the front) If this is their idea of Christmas I gotta be there for New Year's.
They're really cute.
And thank you.
Thank you.
Then you're safe.
Jill, the important thing is to relax.
You're safe where you are.
Thank you.
(beat) So am I. (mildly surprised) That makes three of us.
The hypodermic needles are only used to give you medication that will calm you down.
They make you feel good, relaxed.
(beat) Thanks for the light.
See ya 'round.
(genuinely surprised) What is all this?! Happy birthday, Charlie!
Hey! (nudging again) Come on, bright eyes.
God bless it!
Monday's my night off.
"Long life to the grape!
For when summer is flown, The age of our nectar Shall gladden our own."
Keep it, honey.
(starts to move off; comes back) Listen.
Thanks.
Please...
(laughs) An old salt like you? (still laughing; slightly punchy) You'll love it here.
It's our lucky day! (taking Duncan by the arm) A friend of your's got money for you.
(reaching for Duncan's arm) We'll get us a little joy juice.Hey!!
(gently; coaxing) I'm not going to hurt you... I'm not going to hurt you... There'll be no more pain... You're safe now... (hysterical) No! Mandrakis!
They lived in a nice house with their father, outside the city.
(quietly) Okay. 5 pm Friday, April 28, 1978 (together) Hi, Mommy! (smiling) Well, look what the wind blew in!
Mommy, what's for dinner?
Honey, in ten seconds I eat the staircase.
Have a good time.
Good.
Enjoy your dinner, folks.
John, I'm so proud of you.
Everything's fine.
Everything's fine.
We're safe now.
If it'll make you feel any better... I'll keep it right here beside me all night.
Are you satisfied?
Trust me.
You'll be surprised how differently things will look in the morning.
(smiling) Naw.
They're good kids.
We'd better leave that on Ruznik's desk in the morning.
(handing back the sheet) Thanks.
Why don't you try it again in the morning?
Thanks.
Oil-rich.
It'll make the Gulf look like a puddle, see us right through the new century.
He married into the Vavra family, rich local industrialists.
And he makes an excellent omelette.
He wore it everyday of his life.
If you've come here to look after me, Mr. Bond, thank you, but no thank you.
Wind's too strong!
Head for that gully, I'll lure them into the trees!
(smiling) Should have stuck to snowboarding.
Trust me.
I can't let fear run my life.
I think you're one of the bravest people I've ever met.
Christmas Jones.
I welcome it.
You look surprised.
The captive falls in love with her captor.
That animal!?
You made love to me -- what, to pass the time as you waited for him to strike?
(to Bond) Glad to see you've turned up.
There's a scientist here from the International Decommissioning Agency, Dr. Jones.
There's one parked in the passageway ahead of it.
Celebrate.
A champagne dinner?
Excellent.
Warm.
He didn't think my life was worth the chump change he spent on a day at the stock market.
She is worth fifty of me.
Watch these hands, M. At noon tomorrow, your time is up.
Along with everyone in this city and the future of the West.
She was paying you off.
My nephew, he is Captain of a sub in the Black Sea Fleet.
This is a family matter!
So beautiful.
So smooth, so warm.
Why are you like this?
He was a...good lover?
Have fun with it.
For years I was told I could never take the great James Bond and his Walther PPK.
What good is your gun now, Bond?
Welcome aboard, Mr. Bond.
James Bond and his amazing resurrection.
Mine and my family's!
A woman you've loved.
(kissing his ear) Oh James.
(beat) Time to say goodnight.
Welcome to my nuclear family.
I love Christmas in Turkey.
So isn't it time you unwrapped your present?
In recognition for his outstanding achievement in the field of child psychology, his dedication to his work, and his continuing efforts to improve the quality of life for countless children and their families, the City of Philadelphia proudly bestows upon its son Dr. Malcolm Crowe... That's you... the Mayor's Citation for Professional Excellence.
Don't do the quiet thing.
This is an important night for us.
They're also saying that my husband has a gift.
Or a gift that lets him produce beautiful images on a canvas...
Thank you.
What are we hugging about again?
What you promised.
Bed Freidken?
You were a good kid.
(soft) Pro... Fun... Add... It's okay, Cole.
That's what great actors do.
(whispers) I won the Pennsylvania Lottery in the morning.
Ate a big picnic in the park with lots of chocolate mouses pie and then swam in the fountain all afternoon... (smiling) What did you do? (whispers) I was picked first for kickball teams at recess.
I hit a grand slam to win the game and everyone lifted me up on their shoulders and carried me around cheering.
I'll make triangle pancakes.
I'll read your mind.
Deal?
(beat) Secrets.
Your father gave you that watch as a present before he left.
You're an excellent student however.
I draw people with smiles, dogs running, and rainbows.
(whispers) I was thinking... you're nice.
(soft) ...Happy Anniversary.
Being under tissue paper can't be a good thing.
The Wagner's progress from that afternoon was dramatic and sudden ....
(beat) This time I'm going to listen.
MAN'S VOICE (o.s.) Thanks.
My dad made me invite him.
Happy birthday, Darren.
Those are from sports, from playing.
You haven't told bedtime stories before?
No gas... Hey, that's good.
And then one day this person Malcolm meets a wonderful boy who reminds him of that one.
I won't be mad, honey... Did you take the bumble bee pendant?
It's just... you're so beautiful... you're like a Burmese Sapphire all by yourself.
I imagine the woman who owned this, loved a man deeply she couldn't be with.
Wow, this is too much.
Like there was no one in the world but us.
It makes you feel better?
It's good exercise.
You have nice red in your cheeks now.
I bought your present wholesale from a friend.
(beat) Are you smiling?...
I'm feeling much better now.
I'm feeling much better.
(video tape) I'm feeling much better now.
(video tape) I'm glad, honey.
(video tape) Don't say it tastes funny.
Tell you my secrets.
She wanted me to tell you, she saw you dance.
She said when you were little, you and her had a fight right before your dance recital.
You thought she didn't come to see you dance.
(beat) I need my best friend.
Everything will be different in the morning.
Goodnight, Malcolm.
Goodnight, sweetheart.
I am in love.
In love I am.
You be careful and thank you for looking after Sunny.
Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation.
Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday.
Well, you just have to move further out.
I asked you to wake me when Babe Brother comes.
You and Babe Brother are so much alike...
I want you to be the richest man in the world so I can be the richest father in the world.
I don't want to be rich.
Tolerably well.
Father, give her a hand.
They pride themselves in making life hard and that's not my cup of tea.
Pleased to meet you.
Good morning.
That used to be my trade from time to time.
It's a charm that old people teach you how to make.
I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job.
He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track.
My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it.
I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar.
How was church?
Everything these days is made overseas.
You and Babe Brother hit it off so well.
I was quoting from the Bible.
You ain't going to win playing the dozens with Harry.
When I heard you were here, I made a special effort to come and see you.
As Pushkin, you don't know him, said, "In the hope of glory and good, I look without fear ahead."
Well, it's up to Suzie.
It would be nice.
Well, you and your husband are special.
Good God Almighty, bless your bones.
I appreciate you lending me a hand.
Harry says that's the only way to do good.
Where is Sunny?
He is getting his things together.
I got a surprise for you tonight.
Those boys never did have good luck.
Remember, you promised to take Sunny to Magic Mountain today.
Tolerable well.
I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth.
(beat) Where is Babe Brother?
Doesn't he look a whole of lot better?
Well, you look better than you did yesterday.
How is the garden doing?
He is a master at wearing out welcome.
Harry is the kind of guy you would love to take out in the woods and leave under a rock.
Linda, how come you don't see that Sunny puts his shoes on right?
Babe Brother reminds me of the story of the man who wanted to be sizable.
Mama, come see what Sunny did.
I made a fresh pot of coffee.
Harry always shows his good side and, like the moon, the other side is black.
Good afternoon, ladies.
Good afternoon to you.
I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are.
Are you a friend?
I don't want to wear out welcome, but you can stay in someone's heart longer than you can stay in their house.
Well, it is Friday night and a full moon.
Then his heart gave out.
Rhonda, take Sunny for a walk.
You better come sit down.
It's healing now.
Babe Brother, is that my shirt that you're wearing?
He gets a round trip ticket to heaven.
"Man, this is a dream."
This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at.
I'll be in my office in the morning and I'll pull up the samples.
Is that a good time for you?
Thanks for the loaner again.
You look fabulous, Helen.
You looked handsome tonight... Thank you... Uh, huh... most men in a tuxedo look like waiters...
Good lord... What is this... a circus?
Thank you.
Girl friends?
Friends?
I love you.
Thanks, Charlie... Here, Richard, take my coat... (to Nichols) Hey, buddy - green light.
Good morning.
Good morning.
If you're really his friend, you'll help us bring him in unharmed.
(re: the photo) Nice car.
What other hobbies do you have?
Thank you.
And company records support that he was on a business trip.
That's an easy fix.
You're underestimating the power of the good doctor.
Good, it's my stop, too.
Your best quality, Richard, is that you don't give up - ... even when it's clearly in your best interest to...
That's why I'm a good driver.
(laughs to himself at this great truth) It's only natural....
Good.
Thank you, no.
Sandy Glasser owns a cheese shop...! ...Looking at yearbooks and pictures evokes so many memories...! (hushed) Fuck! ...Some good.
I trust you.
Now we're making progress.
As you know-- --for some moments in life there are no words, and a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest man-- --The Cocteau Twins, though also a band of the nineties, will be aired due to the fact that they created their own language to sing by-- --Now that's freedom-- --The best I can do is a rhyme: Where are all the good men dead?
That's wonderful, Mom.
Wild Kingdom my ass!
It's good to see you.
Well, I'm in town for a few days, anyway.
He says peculiar things and leaves abruptly.
A man I loved.
The girl sits in a seven-hundred dollar prom dress at her father's house waiting for the most romantic night of her young life.
Thank you caller.
Thank you.
Grosse Pointe Michigan, I hear you loud and clear: "If you love something set it free.
Goddamn, It's good to see you.
God it's great to see you.
This badge doesn't mean that I am a peace officer.
That just leaves the little things, like happiness, character, point of view... It's always the little things.
That'd be good.
Baby, it's eight o'clock.
Thanks, Monty.
Hello...? This night, this reunion will be an important step in our relationship.
If we do our job, we're the good guys.
Easy, tiger.
Welcome to B.I. McCafferty's.
I want two eggs poached, hash brown well-done.
Hard to get good help these days.
Saw my mom... I'm with Debi, and I'm on my way to the reunion.
I am rooted in me, who is on this adventure.
(defensive) I love.
Beer.
For top-shelf clients.
Thanks.
They have special blue starts on them like it fucking matters now that they were in the honor club ten years ago.
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah... Hey, I saw you at your dad's dealership the other day.
I guess, though, you know, if you look at it Mike, that park is a beautiful park, I've gone to that park many times - I've had the greatest time of my life at that ballpark and let's face it, I tell you this, Mike, by the sixth inning, if you're having the fun you should be having at Tigers Stadium, you don't even know what the hell's going on anyway... Have you two been together since high school?
You two look too happy together.
(to Martin) I'm teaching art at Cedar Junior High School.
She would have looked great in my fucking Bentley.
And the red hair.
Jenny Maretti was the finest.
Which would you rather...? Okay... Would you rather... commit yourself sexually to a four-by-nine cell with former President George Herbert Walker Bush dressed as a super-model for a month, or make love to a otter on crank for a week?
Thank you.
I'd love to.
(enjoying this) Like love?
The physical substance of love.
Smart boy.
Let's see how smart you are with my foot up your ass!
The more things change, the more they Goddamned well stay the same.
It's either because I'm in love with your daughter, or because I have a new-found respect for life.
That punk is either in love with that guy's daughter or he has new found respect for life... Let's go.I build cars!
I was sitting in my house on prom night wearing that Goddamned rented tuxedo, a corsage in one hand, a bottle of champagne in the other.
I'm in love with you.
I wasn't raised in a loving environment.
Excellent.
Debi... will you marry me?
Bringing you New Ones for the Nineties, a fresh new format designed to pull you out of what's come before, and reel you into what's coming soon-- I tell you what's coming soon for me, or at least what I dreamed this morning in that weird time just before you actually wake up.
But first this commercial.
"Brigadoon," starring Carol Plummer, Thomas Canchola, Bob Destephano, and Lee Ordman!... Hey out there... Okay... I'm going to finish up that fantasy later.
But your voice sounds so familiar.
(addressing audience) Well it's a honor to be here amongst so many fans of the genre.
Aided with my excellent cast of newcomers I believe we're going to pull off one of the best Stabs yet.
(a beat) Honestly though, (smiles) tell us, what's	your favorite scary movie?
(a long pause) Honestly, my life.
Well if you were in my shoes, dealing with those big Time Sunrise Studio producers like I do on a daily basis, you'd watch how quick your life goes from a Walt Disney picture to a Tobe Hooper flick.
Well I interviewed Damon once for the show.
WELCOME TOTHE FINAL ACT.
Great.
My man does great work.
Thank you.
(reading inscription) For the honorary field of directing and cinematography in music videos.
Um hmm... umhmm great, so let's run the lines.
The whole shower things been done, 'Vertigo' hello!
Sarah Darling.
Heh, well, that's TV journalism for ya.
Stage the news to boost ratings.
Still that was a much better movie, I saw it at the premiere last week.
Hey good looking, if you play your cards right, I may be able to sit you down on my casting couch and try you out for a few films my production company is working on.
Look, what's important is that we stick together.
Thank you.
Nice to finally meet you, Sidney.
(smiling) That's me.
It pays better.
Roman Bridger didn't make those calls To Sarah Darling.
It makes sense doesn't it?
It's his big grandiose swan song from the genre.
What a better way to end than with a bloodbath?
(together) Agreed.
I've got important calls to make.
Good twist.
Alright, calm down.
She'd have been so happy, Sidney, to know we'd be together.
You follow directions good.
It's good to see you again Sidney.
Good work Sid.
(Sid's voice) You play a good game Sidney.
Well, Angels, the experimental explosives are back in the hands of the government, and the free world can breathe just a lit-tle bit easier tonight, thanks to you three.
And thanks to you, too, Bos.
Nothing a little teamwork can't do.
Charlie will be joining us, won't he?
With three things in common... They're brilliant.
They're beautiful.
'Morning starfish.
It's magic.
Marix has a thing for red.
So the red one.
You saved the world again, Logan.
Oh, great, that's helpful.
My hero.
His company, Red Start Systems, has the most to gain from Knox's disappearance.
I'd love to, angels, but I've got my hands full this morning.
You'll do great.
Nice talking with you.
The human body is an amazing instrument.
Sweet.
Thanks.
That's the new Michio Kazura.
Good to meet you.
Listen, there's an animation festival at the Egyptian this week.
Ooh, that is an enticing offer.
Hello, I saw the way he looked at you.
Thanks.
Good work, Angels.
Meet your new client, Eric Knox.
First off, thank you.
You rescued me, for which I am eternally grateful.
That's where you come in, Angels.
Thanks to Alex's work at the health spa, we know that Corwin will be at the San Diego Speedway on Thursday.
Get close to him Angels, but don't tip your hand.
I'd love to Angels.
We're good.
Well, to be honest, I thought you were a rich kid who inherited everything.
I've got instincts for the job, but when it comes to men? Well... I'm glad you don't see me as just a client.
Thank you for dinner, Mr. Knox.
Everything at Red Star goes through that system.
So what, so I like him.
We finished the job.
You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen this close up.
Please.
That's amazing.
I'd better deal.
(he kisses her) You go back to bed.
Good news: Everything else proceeding apace.
To gain your trust.
Nice work, Dyl.
Present for you, sir.
Dylan, how nice.
Welcome to my Florida home.
So tell me, Knox, what's the brilliant plan?
We'll have fun.
I'm good.
I'm not an insecure person or anything, and I've really enjoyed the very brief time we have spent together.
Angels!
Good one.
Great work, angels.
You'll be happy to know you received another presidential commendation.
Enjoy your vacation, angels.
(to cell phone) I'd love to, Angels.
Just show me all those stars, all those bright, beautiful, deep-space....
Please...which way to New Mecca?
But cripes, you rode it down.
(to others) C'mon, you lousy ingrates, only reason we're alive is a'cuzza her.
(ushering her away) Name's "Audrey," right, love?
King Tut's tomb.... Be surprised what these will fetch in the Taurus system.
This Wooten here -- easy, easy.
Water...water there was here.... Allahu Akbar.... (translating) "God is Great," yes?
Sir Shiv-a-lot.
The ones tellin' me to go for the sweet spot -- just to the left of the spine, fourth lumbar down.
Course, that's more for winter.
Antiquities dealer, entrepreneur.
Talkin' to me? ...and for this, our gift of drink, we give thanks in the name of our Prophet, Muhammad, peace be upon him, and to our Lord, Jesus Christ of Nazareth, and to his father, Allah the Compassionate and the Merciful.
Core-samples are dated.
Then again...I am worth twice as much alive.
Christ, here I am lettin' you play games with our lives when -- My first run-in with Riddick.
An arch in the sky .
We stay together!
(finally getting it) Aw, this can't be happening to me....
Please.
You do the girl, I'll keep the others off your back.
It BLASTS skyward.
Blessing you like the others.
Give my blessing to the girl.
At the cusp of light, they dive and Keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going!
But I'm human.
Ready...ready.... Riddick runs .
Congratulations, Your Royal Highness!
Thank you, Doctor.
Excellent, excellent.
Excellent!
I'll stay with the pony, thank you.
She's all the way from Deeside and she's not sure she likes you yet.
That's a very pretty shawl you are wearing, Alex. Silk suits you well.
As for the Queen's routine, she breakfasts at nine thirty, lunches at two,takes tea at five thirty and dinner at eight forty five.
I came down at the Queen's request.
She loved him.
There's love and there's ... What?
There's love and there's behaving like you do because there's nobody to tell you not to.
The good-looking one.
He thought it one of the best views in Osborne.
Lord Clarendon arrives, by invitation, at eleven o'clock, followed at twelve by a picnic in the grounds to celebrate Princess Alice's birthday.
(finishes, then coughs) The Chancellor writes to say that, by happy coincidence, he will be in Cowes for the weekend.
I wish to take the Princesses for a swim.
This country is not governed by wisdom but by talk.
My heart's in the Highlands, my heart is not here!
Chasing the wild deer and following the roe!
My heart's in the Highlands wherever I go!
(horse chestnut trees...) Craobhan-geanmchno-fhiadhaich.
Are they worth reading?
I don't groom a horse to have it admired by others, I groom it because it needs grooming.
(curtly) I do not do it for others.
For friendship.
If she's to make the journey there and back in the day she's to have no distractions the night before.
There are important papers from -- It can wait.
Aye, well, you can't stop a wife being house-proud.
He would hardly make a very good personal assistant if he did not.
What a pleasure to see you here.
The woman's fine.
What happens to John Brown is his business, but the Queen's security will never be compromised!
(beat) "On Tuesday, Mr John Brown enjoyed a display of sheep-dipping by local farmers.
On Wednesday, he attended a seance where he was pleased to listen to a recital of Auld Lang Syne by Mr Robert Burns himself ..." "... On Thursday, Mr John Brown walked on the slopes, accompanied by family and friend ..." Mr Brown retired early.
This is a slur on her good name.
Gladstone's got his party facing the same way for the first time in years.
The future King!
Yeah, there's a good girl.
Good man.
Good.
She's a good girl.
Yeah, she's a lovely girl.
My lips may give a message better of Christmas love than e'en this letter.
(beat) To my best friend, J.B. from his best friend, V.R. (he thrusts it in his brother's face) Best friend!
Please.
I promise.
As for my interminable journey to the land of Calvin, oatcakes and sulphur ... ... no Prime Minister made greater sacrifice than attempting to run the country six hundred miles north of civilization.
As for your people, look no further than the sales of your Highland Journals to see in what affection the nation holds their Queen.
Indeed, and for that they are eternally grateful.
I stay here because I am happy.
This is my good John Brown.
Well then, I'll do my best.
(with a smug smile) Did you see any Irish assassins today, Mr Brown?
It's a diary.
John Bull loves her and John Bull is her best defense.
For once in my life, I am not the issue.
But others will know that you acted for the greater good.
-- When I took you out riding, come rain or shine, because I knew it was right for you, when I kept the bairns off your back so you could have a bit of peace, when I saw you safe from home to home and you didn't even know I was there...! All I've ever thought about is you!
Better.
Should the good Lord see fit to spare my son, I will order a mass to be celebrated at St. George's.
The people must share with their Queen, her prayers and hopes for their future King.
(aside to BROWN) The Queen will be riding to St. George's on the fifth.
It is time the Queen was seen by her public.praise
We pray thee to perfect the recovery of thy servant and to crown him day by day with more abundant blessings both for body and soul, through Jesus Christ our Lord Amen.
So there he is, Arthur O'Conner... (bristling with confidence) ... all seven stone of the man, paddling madly towards us through a sea of Horse Guards, waving something that looks vaguely like a pen.
A toast.
Go to your homes, teach them these truths, which will soon be imprinted on the conscience of the land We should not live in expectation of contentment.
It is a great comfort to me that my efforts in securing the Queen's safety over the years have not been in vain.
You're such a momma's boy!
FREDDY (cont'd) See ya later!
Thanks.
No. I've been on the road for a couple of days.
Who's your friend?
I see the welcome wagon is back.
Everyone here has a fun tale to tell.
Thanks.
Let's hop to it.
(smiling) Thanks.
I promise.
Calm down, kid.
Thanks for the lift, kid!
Tomorrow, the world!
But you're clean.
You said I was fine.
You don't have the right!
Until then, you're bed bound.
Thank you.
She was great.
Loving.
And when y father saw what he'd done - he finally became human.
She told me that a lot of people have special dream powers.
I inherited some from her - and some I have all to myself.
That sounds wonderful.
How? Easy.
Wonderful.
That's not going to be easy.
I'd better get out of here.
I'm really a nice guy.
I'm here to help!
Living souls are what he thrives on.
We'll have help.
If nothing happens, then I'll get a good night's sleep and laugh at you in the morning.
Play it by ear.
Into the wild black yonder.
Hey, buddy?
Um, well, let me see... SCOTT (cont'd) Holy Jesus Christ.
Fun town.
Convinced?
Thank God!
Whoa! SCOTT (cont'd) Nice outfits.
Alright, honey.
JACOB (cont'd) Thank God.
Time to join your mommy.
No no no no no no no...Jacob... Young love...ha! Karen...dream...powers.... It's past your bedtime, young lady.
That's my baby.
But we're going to have the same fun!
Are you new in town?
Well then... (she smiles) Welcome to Springwood.
It's Saturday, Johnny, you always -- (beat) Why are you staring at me like that?
Was that fun for you, yesterday?
Thanks, Ennis.
(chipper voice) That's right, Timmy.
This is the only and authentic disc of the event seen by the Precognitive mutants and recorded by the Precrime Division.
Please.
Stop! ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Don't grab at me! Let go... Daddy!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Bingo.
You have good ears for a ghost, Doc.
Easy, partner.
The state legislatures are pushing to stop funding for training homicide detectives ... God bless the Precogs.
We're in an interesting phase.
In lay terms, we mated sperm from the brothers with ova from the mother and sister to create new growth.
It's great out here, Frank..
Next Wednesday, at noon.
Good.
For a haircut that afternoon.
Your birthday's tomorrow!
So, you are friends, partners, and soul mates.
There's no motive My wife calling you before breakfast?
We were planning a surprise party.
(beat, ironic) Happy birthday, partner.
Got 27 warm bodies in this place.
Welcome aboard, Mr. Symington.
You're clean.
But he has the Precog disc ... This oughtta be good, huh?
Another quote.
Niners are great for the kind of work you do -- keeping all those Precog discs in order.
I saved You.
Thank you, Anderson.
(beat) Listen to me ... Rose.
(beat) We have been alive, Anderson.
Enslaved, for the greater good.
Please.
A self-fulfilling prophesy.
(beat) We see what we see.
In the present.
And I had no one to tell ... Ed ... The perfect system -brought down by a cup of coffee.
Witwer gives him the flicker of a smile Precrime needs to grow.
Amazing.
You can't have it both ways.
(surprised, but pleased).
(hysterical) Don't touch me!...DON'T TOUCH ME!!! I'll walk him out.
Hell, nobody else had even been able to start tracking him before he got to them first.
True genius is rarely rewarded within its lifetime.
(proud, but frightened) My God... Which God would that be, the one who created me, or the one who created you? (a beat) In your world, the Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away.
That thrill of going over the edge again.
Amazing.
Beautiful young family, weren't they?
Never felt better in my life.
I've spent over 50 hours interviewing him.
It's elevated.
Remember a few years ago when music schools were using a computerized teaching tool that accidently started frying kids' brains?
Now be a good instrument and sit with your kind... What are they doing in Los Feliz?
My engineers say the audio tap should be ready to field test in six months.
Mommy's home!
Mommy's home!
(a beat) She's beautiful, you know?
Thank-you.
He's got to make a move sometime, and we've got to be ready when he does.
Good... Very good... Nice... (pointing at a woman) You -- in the middle -- don't hold back.
Description of the perp matches the surveillance photographs from LETAC taken this morning... That's only a couple blocks from here.
Put the gun down, nice and... Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, you've been a real pleasure... Well, look who it... What the hell's going on?!
(gritting her teeth) Enjoying yourself?
(singing softly) Take me out to the ball game... Take me out for the fun... Buy me some peanuts and Cracker Jack...
I'll tell you, whoever's operating the stadium's closedcircuit cameras must have fallen in love because that beauty in J Section has been on the stadium's big screen for over a minute now... (urgently into radio) This is Officer Parker Barnes.
You make a better door than a window, buddy.
He's come back!!! (standing her ground) No! Grimes isn't back.
What the hell's going on?! (neighborly) Hey, old buddy, old pal, good to see you again.
Can you give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now?
She saved your life, Parker.
On my life, I promise you I will.
I'm not sure...on the bridge...the guy at the payphone... Nice work.
(a beat) Thanks.
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here...or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
(with a smile) You mean there's something you haven't asked me? (a beat) You've already fulfilled the terms of your pardon.
Let me put it to you this way... whether I'm here... or whether I'm not...I'm leaving an indelible mark on the world tomorrow night.
How can I ever thankyou for bringing me back to life a second time, Daryl?
Please!
Through me, you will live forever... Dr. Carter I've been hoping we'd get a moment together...
Thank God.
The good news is, we're finished here.
Lindenmeyer never got over wanting to kill kids with more musical than he had... Joining the Los Angeles Philharmonic for this evening's first musical number will be several of the Los Angeles area's finest, high school musicians... (German accent) It won't do any good to rush me.
Listen to me, a bomb is planted somewhere in the Hollywood Bowl! Evacuate everybody!
PLAY! (neighborly) Hey, old buddy, old pal, good to see you again.
Sky Six reports a fresh company of NVA moving across from Cambodia to this blue line.
You got the fresh meat Elias.
So what am I going to do! Get one of my guys zapped so some fuckface fresh from the World can get his beauty fucking sleep!
(spotting King's beer) Where'd you get that beer King? (a funny look) I found it ...
Back to de WORLD.
California this summer.
Waves are good they tell me, surfin's gonna be good ... March man in Tennessee, sniff the pines ... sniff that crossmounted pussy walkin' down by the river.
(deadpans) I think I'm starting to feel that stuff ... (laughes) Yo getting there Taylor.
You be cool now and I'll introduce you 'round to some of the 'heads'.
(smiling) This ain't Taylor.
(smiling) ... go ahead on, smoke it man.
(smiles) Feel good?
Feelin' good's good enough.
She look beautiful.
(laughing) Well whatcha want, Lerner, your dick been limp for a year, 'cept when you're bopping your buddy Tony up there.
Wow - outasight.
Dawn!
Good sir.
Enjoy yourselves.
You'll see the smile looks out of place.
It's easy to trace.
The tracks of my tears...' New Year's Day, 1968.
Staying alive.
There's been a lot of movement neat the Cambodian border, regiments of NVA moving across.
Nah this stuff's important.
That day we loved him Hey pig, pig - come here, pig, pig.
Hey take it easy man.
Growing in a garden.
That's his high, baby.
He done a year in Japan in the hospital, then when he gets out, the first thing he done is re-up.
(smiles) You mean he's crazy?
Love, yeah! (makes a cuckoo sign) Here we go again with the crazy preacher stuff.
Your girlfriends gonna look for new lovers, man.
Best thing a bro's got's his flap.
(to others) Spread it out!
You ain't EVER been right - 'bout nothing.
And dig this you assholes and dig it good!
Where are the new guys they provided us anyway.
Glad I ain't going with 'em.
Whoever said we did, babe.
(hurries off) Hey that's great King, that's great ... you take it on home for me, you tell 'em King ... got your address right?
Hey you boys!
It's a lovely war.
Jes' fine man, jes fine!
(reflexively) Yes sir - Baaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
Mighty satisfying.
Are the new tarantulas in here?
There is something very sexy about an older woman in uniform.
Relax, bee-otch.
I read her her rights.
... listening to W.F.R.E.
Oh, great.
Thanks, Harlan.
And Prosperity is lucky enough to be on that list.
It would be nice to get the message out.
We have a surprise guest in the studio.
My family built this town!
I'm glad you like my bologna sandwiches.
Good morning, Prosperity, Nevada.
It's another beautiful day on the frontier.
Me love you long time.
Work it, babe.
Ladies first.
Have fun.
Breakfast is ready.
My stuff is hydroponically grown in a top secret location.
Stardate... Cool! (records again) The house is deserted.
Help people.
Thanks, Mom.
Please!
I love you!
Please!
Ha-ha!
I wanted to surprise you with a special dinner.
Not as good that way.
The food stays alive so they can eat it later.
They keep their food alive.
That my family wasn't crazy to keep looking.
They look great.
Use my stun g... (reads) Watch its fangs!
Calm down, baby.
There aren't enough wine coolers in the world to calm me down!
Good one.
We're closed.
Be cool, little dude.
You pump the slide to jack in a fresh round.
They were waiting in the mines for the sun to go down!
(to Norman) Oh great!
They gave me a hundred grand!
I think our lives are worth a little more than that.
Get as much as you can! Nice work, Doc.
You saved my life.
They're giant babies!
Yo, Mom! Come on!
What was I... eh, I was dreaming about uh... heh... Noodles.
Oh, happy day!
My son, finally having the noodle dream!
You are almost ready to be entrusted with the secret ingredient of my "Secret Ingredient Soup."
And then you will fulfill your destiny and take over the restaurant, just as I took it over from my father, who took it over from his father, who won it from a friend in a game of mahjong.
No, it was the dream.
Service with a smile!
Monkey, greater speed.
Well, I didn't say that.
This is the greatest day in Kung Fu history!
Yeah, ha ha, glad I had it.
Are your students ready?
Let the tournament begin!
Citizens of the Valley of Peace!
It is my great honor to present to you... Tigress!
Ready for battle!
And finally...Master Tigress!
Citizens of the Valley of Peace!
You finally had the noodle dream.
I love kung fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- Come on, son.
Forgive us, Master.
The Sword of Heroes!
The Invisible Trident of Destiny!? I've only seen paintings of that painting... (loudly) Nooo! Ohhhh!
Ow! Ooh.
You will never be the Dragon Warrior until you have learned the secret of the Dragon Scroll.
Take it easy... Now listen closely, panda.
Good.
Right right.
You're awesome.
I see you have found the Sacred Peach Tree of Heavenly Wisdom.
There is a saying: Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift.
That is why it is called the present.
Nuuu... Urggg... I'm glad Shifu sent you.
Good morning master!
Panda, wake up! (satisfied) Hmm.
What are you doing here?! Hey! Huh... Good morning, Master!
Thank you.
Yeah, excellent!
That was awesome!
And now he has a chance to make things right, to train the true Dragon Warrior.
Inner peace.
Inner peace.
Inner peace.
Inner... Oh, Zeng.
Excellent.
I cannot make it blossom when it suits me, nor make it bear fruit before its time.
Good.
So... how'd you get out of there alive?
This is amazing.
Wow, you're a really good cook.
It is said that the Dragon Warrior can survive for months at a time on nothing but the dew of a single gingko leaf and the energy of the universe.
Laughter?
This is where Oogway unravelled the mysteries of harmony and focus.
Good.
Enjoy.
Help her! Monkey!
Now! Shifu taught you well...
You have done well, Panda.
Done well?
Done well?! I've done awesome!
The mark of a true hero is humility!
But yes...you have done awesome.
He has gotten stronger.
I am very proud to have been your master.
Po! Good to have you back, son! (listlessly) Good to be back.
The secret ingredient of my secret ingredient soup!
The secret ingredient is... nothing!
You have a new favorite.
Tell me how proud you are, Shifu!
Tell me! TELL ME! (weakly) I have always been proud of you.
From the first moment, I've been proud of you.
I loved you too much to see what you were becoming.
Buddy, I am the Dragon Warrior.
(then) (out of breath) Finally... oh yes... the power of the Dragon Scroll... is mine!
That's not true, I heard the Royal had one of their best seasons yet.
So's my grand-mother.
Fonteyn danced into her 50's... Yeah, we know.
Great.
The new girl notices the looks, smirks to herself and starts getting ready.
Let it flow.
He has the unkept look of an artist.
Smiles and glances are thrown his way.
He goes up to the ballet mistress, takes her hand and kisses her on the cheek.
We all know the story: virginal girl, pure and sweet, trapped in the body of a swan.
She desires freedom, but only true love can break the spell.
But before he can declare his love, her lustful twin, the Black Swan, tricks and seduces him.
Good morning, company.
A fresh face to present to the world.
Surprised, the soloists glance at each other, trying to keep their cool.
Nina breathes, realizing the girls he didn't tap are the ones he's selected, purposefully toying with them.
Beth's presence is everywhere.
Nina looks at herself in the mirror and smiles, imagining how great it would be... Then she notices a LARGE VASE lying on the floor.
The flowers have been shredded, water everywhere.
Congratulations.
A crowd of dancers surround the bulletin board, jostling to get a look.
First a few, then more and more of the girls smile at her.
Hey...Everything's fine...He picked me, mommy.
On a desk, the ORIGINAL PHOTOGRAPH is clipped to a painting in progress.
Her mother smiles anxiously.
My daughter, the Swan Queen.
She looks at the cake.
It's our favorite, vanilla with strawberry filling.
It's a celebration.
It looks yummy.
First day in the new role, Nina stretches alone.
Nina politely laughs.
Good.
(she shakes her head) And you enjoy making love?
Sex.
Do you enjoy it?
Live a little.
He finishes off his scotch and stands.
Erica finishes unzipping the red dress and sees Nina's shoulder.
She does her best to cover herself.
You haven't done it for years.
Erica opens the JEWELRY BOX and the tinny music begins playing.
She watches Veronica perform her leaps.
Nina avoids it, looking towards Lily, who gives her a small smile.
Look who's gracing us with her presence... Lily, I need to talk to you.
The other girls giggle.
He starts to sing an OLD LOVE SONG from the 20's.
Good.
Thanks.
You were right, I shouldn't have talked to him about you.
Your dinner... Mom, please!
See the night sky.
One particularly bright one says, "Seize the Day-glo."
Live a little.
Nina takes another sip and smiles.
She gets up and holds out her hands.
We dance in the same company.
So a happy ending, then?
I said you're beautiful.
She giggles.
That funny?
And took off this morning.
Was I good?
The Black Swan has stolen your love.
Nina dances the Black Swan in front of the nearly completed scenery.
Leroy watches from his down-stage post, his focus split between her and... Lily, stretching with the other ballerinas.
The company enthusiastically claps.
Lily glances in her direction, and her smile quickly fades into a sneer.
The other girls follow her gaze towards Nina, and their smiles turn to confusion.
The music begins and they shift and mummer in anticipation.
Under the spotlight, she begins dancing her intro.
He grabs her and they begin their first Pas de Deux.
Staring at her sadistically.
With tears augmenting the fresh morning's dew.
Good morrow, cousin.
In love?
Of love?
Out of her favor where I am in love.
Alas that love, so gentle in his view, Should be so tyrannical and rough in proof!
Alas that love, whose view... What fray was here?
Why then, O brawling love, O loving hate, O anything, of nothing first create!
This love feel I, that feel no love in this! Dost thou not laugh?
A right good marksman; and she's fair I love.
But saying o'er what I have said My child is yet a stranger in the Let two more summers wither in their pride, Ere we may think her ripe to be a bride.
Younger than she are happy mothers made.
But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart.
My will to her consent is but a part, And she agreed, within her scope of Lies my consent and fair according voice.
Good day, good fellow.
The great Rich Capulet, holds an old accustomed feast; A fair Assembly.
Signor Placentio and his wife and daughters, Signor Martino, the Lady Widow Of Utruvio and her lovely nieces, Rosaline and Livia...
At this same ancient feast of Sups the fair Rosaline; whom thou so loves, With all the admired beauties of Verona.
One fairer than my love?
The all-seeing sun Ne'er saw her match since first the world begun.
If you be not of the house of Montagues, Come and crush a cup of wine!
But to rejoice in splendour of mine own.
God forbid!
(to Juliet) Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nursed.
Thus then in brief, the valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
Verona's summer hath not such a flower.
This night you shall behold him at our feast; Read o'er the volume of young Paris' face And find delight writ there with beauty's pen.
This precious book of love, this unbound lover, To beautify him only lacks a cover.
I dreamt a dream tonight.
O, then I see Queen Mab hath been with you.
And in this state she gallops night by night Through lovers' brains, and then they dream of love; O'er lawyers' fingers who straight dream on fees; O'er ladies' lips, who straight on kisses dream, Which oft the angry Mab with blisters plagues.
This is she, this is she... Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace.
True, I talk of dreams; Which are the children of an idle brain, Begot of nothing but vain fantasy.
Come musicians play!
Will you now deny to dance?
I would not for the wealth of all this town Here in my house do him disparagement.
You'll make a mutiny among my guests!
Cheerly my hearts!
Did my heart love till now?
For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand To smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss.
For saints have hands that pilgrim's hands do touch, And palm to palm is holy palmers' kiss.
You kiss by th' book.
Away, begone, the sport is at its best.
Prodigious birth of love it is to me That I must love a loathed enemy.
But this intrusion shall, Now seeming sweet, convert to bitterest gall.
Call, good Mercutio.
Passion!
Lover!
I conjure thee by Rosaline's bright eyes, By her high forehead and her scarlet lip, By her fine foot, straight leg, and quivering thigh.
It is the East, and Juliet is the sun!
And but thou love me, let them find me here.
My life were better ended by their Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love.
Dost thou love me?
Or if thou think'st I am too quickly won, I'll frown, and be perverse, and say thee nay, So thou wilt woo.
But else, not for the world.
Lady, by yonder blessed moon I vow, That tips with silver all these fruit-tree tops - O, swear not by the moon, th' inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
If my heart's dear love - Well, do not swear.
Sweet, good night.
This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
Good night, good night.
As sweet repose and rest Come to thy heart as that within my breast.
What satisfaction canst thou have tonight?
If that thy bent of love be honourable.
Thy purpose marriage, send me word tomorrow, By one that I'll procure to come to thee, Where and what time thou wilt perform the rite, And all my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay And follow thee my lord throughout the world.
So thrive my soul.
A thousand times good night!
Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books; But love from love, toward school with heavy looks.
Goodnight, goodnight!
Parting is such sweet sorrow.
That I shall say goodnight till it be morrow.
Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast, Would I were sleep and peace, so sweet to rest.
O mickle is the powerful grace that In plants, herbs, stones, and their true qualities.
(to the boys) For this, being smelt, with that part cheers each part; Being tasted, stays all senses with the heart.
For naught so vile on the earth doth live, But to the earth some special good doth give; Nor aught so good but, strained from that fair use, Revolts from true birth, stumbling on abuse.
Good morrow, father!
Good morrow, father!
What early tongue so sweet saluteth me?
Young son, it argues a distempered So soon to bid good morrow to thy bed.
The sweeter rest was mine.
That's my good son!
Then plainly know my heart's dear love is set, On the fair daughter of rich Capulet.
We met, we wooed, and made exchange of vow, I'll tell thee as we pass.
Good morrow, Romeo.
Holy Saint Francis!
Is Rosaline, that thou didst love so dear, So soon foresaken?
Young men's love then lies Not truly in their hearts, but in their eyes.
Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
Her I love now Doth grace for grace and love for love allow.
O, she knew well Thy love did read by rote, that could not spell.
For this alliance may so happy To turn your households' rancor to pure love.
O God she comes!
How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath!
Go thy ways, wench, serve God.
Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what says my love?
Your love says like an honest gentleman, And a courteous, and a kind, and a handsome, And I warrant a virtuous - Where is your mother?
'Your love says, like an honest gentleman, "Where is your mother"'!
The sweetest honey Is loathsome in its own deliciousness, Therefore love moderately.
Long love doth so.
Here comes the lady.
Good afternoon to my ghostly confessor.
Romeo shall thank thee, daughter, for us both.
For, by your leaves, you shall not stay alone Till Holy Church incorporate two in one.
The day is hot, The Capels are abroad.
Thou art like one of these fellows that, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps me his sword upon the table and says 'God send me no need of thee!' (he hands Benvolio his gun) and by the operation of the second cup draws him on the drawer, when indeed there is no need.
Gentlemen, good day.
Here's that shall make you dance.
I will not budge for no man's pleasure, I. Well sir, here comes my man.
Romeo, the love I bear thee can No better term than this: Thou art a villain!
injured thee, And so, good Capulet, which name As dearly as mine own... ...be satisfied.
Good King of Cats, nothing but one of your nine lives.
Forbear this outrage, good Mercutio!
A scratch! Courage, man.
Come gentle night, coming loving black browed night, Give me my Romeo.
And when I shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night, And pay no worship to the garish sun.
O, that deceit should dwell In such a gorgeous palace!
Nurse, I'll to my wedding bed, And death, not Romeo, take my maidenhead.
And what says My concealed lady to our cancelled love?
Thy Juliet is alive, There art thou happy.
There art thou happy.
A pack of blessings light upon thy back.
Here sir, a ring my lady bid me give you.
How well my comfort is revived by this.
Go, get thee to thy love, as was decreed.
But look thou stay not till the Watch be set, For then thou canst not pass to Mantua where thou shalt live till we can find a time To blaze your marriage, reconcile your friends, Beg pardon of the Prince and call thee back, With twenty hundred thousand times more joy Than thou wentst forth in lamentation.
Give me thy hand.
These times of woe afford no times to woo.
Look you, she loved her kinsman Tybalt dearly.
Well Wednesday is too soon - what say you to Thursday?
(a drunken good humour) I think she will be ruled in all respects by me; (exploding with hearty laughter) Nay, more, I doubt it not!
It is not yet near day.
Yond light is not daylight, I know it, I It is some meteor that the sun To light thee on thy way to Mantua.
More light and light it grows.
Amen.
Well, thou hast comforted me marvellous much.
That 'may be', must be, love, on Thursday next.
- Juliet, on Thursday early will I rouse ye; Till then, adieu, and keep this holy kiss.
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no Do thou but call my resolution wise, And with this I'll help it presently!
Ay, these attires are best.
Why Bride?
(almost in tears) To move the heavens to smile upon my state, Which, well thou knowest, is cross and full of sin.
Good night.
(to the man in black) As the custom is, In all her best array bear her to church.
I dreamt my lady came and found me And breathed such life with kisses in my lips That I revived and was an emperor.
Ah me, how sweet is love itself When but love's shadows are so rich in joy.
Her body sleeps in Capels' monument, And her immortal part with angels lives.
Upon thy life, whatever thou Or seest, stand all aloof.
O my love, my wife, Death, that hath sucked the honey of thy breath, Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty, Thou art not conquered.
I will kiss thy lips.
Thus with a kiss I die.O' my true love Balthasar?
No, you look great.
I've been looking a little better, yeah?
It's a nice camera.
I'm filming everything.
Ooh, that's good.
That's sexy, right?
Hey dude, don't follow me around all night.
I'm filming for my blog!
I have a video blog!
Don't get smart, okay, I'm being nice here.
You know that, I should beat your ass right now, but I'm trying to be nice.
Haha, yes, that is true.
Listen, come on, bring the camera.
Oh, Andrew, it's making a sound- Here, listen.
This is awesome!
Plate's easier for me.
You're better at this than me, you do it.
(wowed, laughing) Dude, holy shit!
Guys, listen, listen.
-new camera's working out for you, that's good.
I respect that.
I actually make a lot of money... What about your mom.
Good.
(laughing) GUYS, WHY ARE WE RUNNING!?
That was a good one, you got that one far.
Thanks.
Yeah man, in between my yoga.
Listen, with this, we can't fuck around, ever.
Rule #1, you can't use it on living things.
I can't hear you!saved my life, dude!
Shout it out man! (realizes it feels good) Yo Andrew, Andrew, gimme a beat.
DJ Steve, dial me up- Okay, yo, yeah, yo, you say you wanna get high you ain't high as me, you chillin' at yo mom's house I'm at four thousand feet, cauuuse I got those tight muscles, in my, braingina, and you better believe I'm a, frequent flyer, and you know I don't need no turbines, ladies fly first class on Garrety airlines, my DJ is senior class, president, straight outta Oregon, gotta, represent, Matt Garrety bitches, I'm the young Clark Kent.
Okay...good.
So what's it feel like to be good at everything?
She'd love this.
It'll be fine, dude.
No way- You look handsome.
I'm glad you are spending so much time with your friends.
Magic is so hot.
I've actually been stalking you since like, sophomore year- sorry, use of the word stalking- Stockings are why I love Christmas.
This place is too loud for me.
I hear...singing.
I listened to your voicemail.
I film everything.
There are three different community colleges locally that offer great programs for- I don't need college, Mr. Fernandez.
And stars are all around me, and I'm zooming past them; everything is really like three-D, I can see the shape of the stars.
-appy birthday to you! Matt- Do you hear that, how can you not hear that?
Mom, Matt is- Come in here right now.
I promise.
(surprised) I can swim.
Can't swim, huh? (smiling) Nope.
See, Princess Tiffany and her friends pretty much have the run of the park.
Let's just say....you are critical and indispensable to the ongoing operation... and....flow of things here at the park.
Are there girls in swimming suits?
(listens some more) (resigned) Well, come see us this summer, eh? You're a good kid...a good worker.
(looking at clipboard) Let's remember, the people who come here are our guests, and your job is to see they have a safe and fun experience here.
Let's work together to keep the park clean and safe, and we'll have a great summer together.
Have a great summer!
Whoo whoo! (to ROBBIE) Hey, hey lookin' good.
Come on, is opening day! (to ROBBIE and ALEX) You two start setting tables.
So to help you get in the proper frame of mind and relax, we need Page 20 of 81 the right soundtrack.
Page 21 of 81 (to ALEX and ROBBIE) You did good work today.
And tips were good, right?
Oh, you'll find this ride interesting.
We call them "Wave Babes".
And there's a special secret to this ride.
Thanks.
I don't know...I thought Robbie was kind of cute... Listen, you're new, so let me tell you how things are.
Babies.
(Shaking his head) Aokee's not going to be happy.
Nobody seems to know where these things are... (smiling) Yep.
(now laughing) What?
(smiling) It's just Aokee's way of giving you a tour of the park without having to be there.
Just out surf the strongest guard of them all in the surfing competition.
(blinking, smiling) Hello.
Have you ever seen the fabulous Cummings and Robbins 2000-B?
Page 35 of 81 You'd love the ocean.
We need to make ready.
The Surfer King gets to be creative.
Good surfer.
You must find him and convince him to teach you the secrets of the Thunder Bay wave.
This not the ocean, surf boy.
No, I'm fine.
Page 40 of 81 (trying to dance out of it) Oh, daddy.
You'd be amazed at how nice some of the people who work here are.
Please?
Page 41 of 81 (looking up at the sign) This will be good.
Aokee throws a great Luau.
I don't how much fun it will be.
With Aokee hosting, we'll be working.
There'll still be time for fun.
Your time to party.
Special Love Smoothies.
Meet me at Thunder Bay tomorrow morning, Page 52 of 81 eight a.m., bring your board and we'll work something out.
Thanks.
(pointing to PIPEMAN's hand) What's that?
Please.
(to Pipeman) Thank you.
(together) Yeee-haww.
(grinning) So.
Good at what?
Gees! Ha!
Page 63 of 81 (together) Lifeguards!
We're going to this incredible party up in the foothills at some friends of mine.
He's a good boy.
Well, Tiffany invited me to a little party up in the mountains.
You good boy, smart, everybody like you, but.... But... Face it.
I saw them together at the movies two nights ago.
I slept fine.
Your score will be added to the total for your team, and the winner gets the Surfer King Trophy.
Don't want to win with him falling.
You could always go out and do your very best, take a lot of chances and maybe win this thing on merit.
Water World Page 76 of 81 Platinum!
Yeah, well, a tie is like kissing your sister.
Ready! (to PIPEMAN) I'll need the biggest wave you can give me... (imitating Mr. Scott on Star Page 77 of 81 Trek) I'll give 'er all she's got, Cap'n! (dropping his Hawaiian accent) Robbie.
As last year's Surfer King, it's my privilege to present this year's trophy to the most amazing surfer on the water today.
Congratulations.
I don't know...we have a pretty good time at AOKEE's.
You know, that's one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen.
Let's see, there's Homecoming, the Christmas Dance, Valentines Day...and of course, the prom... Alex? Yeah?
I like sunsets and puppy dogs, and I'm big in the pants.
And don't tell me it's a color thing, hon, or I'll come over there and slap a little discrimination right upside your yummy little cheeks.
Another big, hot, cuddly, black love- Jesus got there first.
This day and age, sweetie, I can appreciate the monogamy.
Don't you get me all excited now.
Enjoying California?
Good night.
Angels east, angels west, north and south, do your best.
Give you a good deal.
Solid rocks?
Just get the word into his pipeline that I'm coming and want permission to visit... I'll get back to you... Faith... (hangs up) Maybe Chambers'll have a heart and give the stones back.
I wish it were that easy.
Angels east, angels west, north and south, do your best.
How you doing, Jump?
Don't waste my precious time.
... Good.
Got me an office looks like a kabuki love palace.
Big scores're rare in a lifetime.
You make it sound easy.
Not many girls pulling in two g's a night.
But Chambers owns the operation, so I figure it's a good place to start.
Good color and clarity.
Good day, over a million dollars'll pass hands in here.
Looking good.
Nice rack.
Get ready to move.
Good thing I brought my stunner.
He's good.
Good.
Which I'm now ready to do... Goggles.
Please!
Okay, baby, okay.
I can help with that.
One of our scientists made the stones.
... Firecracker... .44 magnum... R.P.G... Sidewinder... SCUD... Tomahawk... Daisy Cutter... Hiroshima... two Hiroshimas... ... New World Order.
Transformed into a source of immense energy.
You will This is for our friends.
... Means we're through with that life.
Well, catch you Thursday.
EDGAR (cont'd) Let's get you out of the sun for a spell.
What in the name of Jehovah...? (softly) Good morning, Mr. Bassett, this is your wake-up call.
Wasn't so damn funny, I can tell you.
Nestor's out of town tomorrow.
VAL (cont'd) (almost praying) You will have long blonde hair, big green eyes, nice full breasts that stand up and say hello, ass that won't quit.
It came out great, boys.
God almighty, my mama sure didn't raise me for this.
I was getting excited.
We gotta better ourselves."
How close?
Now, listen, the plan is: we have done our last job in Perfection.
(to Mindy, over her music) Hey, Mindy, what's the count?
You're never going to believe this, but the canyon road...we were on it not two hours ago...well, it's completely... My God...! Unreal!
starts moving again !" right on her heels as she climbs into the cab!
You're welcome to them.
Let's finish in the morning.
They better be fast.
It's got a good six foot reach.
It's been listening to us.
Especially on this rock.
Thanks.
The mountains are solid granite.
Oh God in heaven, help me!
too small for Pham to fit through !
Hey, Val, quiet, man!
Yeah, good!
Good point.
I'm best at driving the Cat.
EARL (cont'd) Look, you'd better listen.
Watch your ass, shithead.
Nice going, Burt.
Come on, everybody!
We gotta run for those rocks over there!
Get ready.
We're not getting off this rock...
You can't fight'em that way...
(calmer) They'd have dug your place out from under you in half an hour!
Jesus, honey!
We both helped her out.
For my part, I'd be proud to have her.
(a beat) But the sheer joy of being partial.
t's her morning alarm call, and it's the way she wakes up G'morning, Ma'am.
Well, we'll try not to hold that against him.
Everyone on first name terms.
The Queen will extend her hand, you go to her, bow again, then shake her hand.
And when you're in the Presence, at no point must you show your back.
Thank you, Ma'am.
Such a blessing.
ith time, one has hopefully added experience to that education, and a little wisdom - better enabling us to execute our constitutional responsibility.
Advice which I look forward to receiving.
It was along here that the Mercedes carrying the Princess.. ANVRIN's SECRETARY hands over the phone..
Good evening, Sir.
SILHOUETTES ur CAMERA stays on the QUEEN's FACE.
utside, the sound of bird-song.
an't imagine she was pleased.
Not the press, mate.
Good.
People everywhere, not just here in Britain, kept faith with Princess Diana..
They liked her, they loved her, they regarded her as one of the people.
We hear the PRIEST's voice as Notre Pere qui es aux cieux, Que ton nom soit sanctifie, Que ton regne vienne, Que ta volonte soit faite, ur la terre comme au ciel.. I'll always be glad I knew the Princess, and hope everyone will support her two fine sons and help them have the life and the future she would want..
mages of NEW YORKERS laying flowers outside the British Lord Airlie.
I've arranged a meeting tomorrow morning at 10.00 at Buckingham Palace.
(a diplomatic smile) I think that would present us with difficulties.
They loved her.
I think we all agree this is an extraordinarily sensitive occasion which presents us with tremendous challenges logistically... LORD AIRLIE(cont'd) (a beat) ...constitutionally.. (a beat) ..practically... (a beat) ...diplomatically.. (a beat) ...procedurally... Oh, Christ.. "..after eighteen years of Opposition, of frustration and despair, I am proud, privileged, to stand before you as the new Prime Minister..." Labour Prime Minister.. "I want to set an ambitious course to modernise this country.
To breathe new life into our institutions.
You should meet their flunkeys!
"People's Princess", mate.
Good.
Good morning, Ma'am.
They're much better off here.
a beat) She adored those boys.
My shoe-lace is undone.
flicker of coldness behind her eyes.. Who was good enough to share with me his views on motherhood.
DIANA, starved thin, panda-eyes, How wonderful Diana was.
She was a nice girl.
(a gesture) Isn't that what everyone does?
Early start tomorrow.. (kisses her on the forehead) See you in the morning.
They exist in a ludicrous cocoon of privilege and wealth.
Would have loved nothing more than for her to be Queen.
With a nice elected Head of State? a beat) That'd be some legacy.
LAIR stares.
"Show us there's a heart in the House of Windsor," says the Sun.. is SECRETARY passes a copy over to JANVRIN..
Good.
Later. he QUEEN and JANVRIN are finishing off.
JANVRIN stands, ..and finally, Ma'am, a DSO medal.
Good.
No, I'd better take it.
he QUEEN walks over to her desk again.
Good afternoon, your Majesty.
I believe a few over-eager editors are doing their best to sell newspapers..and it would be a mistake to dance to their tune.
Absurd.. E I doubt there are many who know the British more than I do, Mr. Blair, nor who has greater faith in their wisdom and judgement.
fter a beat.. stares at the CROWDS of MOURNERS on the television) This reminds me of one of those films.
Jenny.. Good morning.
(takes another paper) he Sun - "Where is our Queen?
Good morning, Ma'am.
I see. he QUEEN stares.
My dear, you are the greatest asset this institution has.
One of the greatest it has EVER had.
Breathes a sigh of relief.. (to himself) Thank God for that.
ELIZABETH (cont'd) "So what I say to you now, as your Queen and as a grandmother, I say from my heart."
So what I say to you now, as your Queen and as a grandmother, I say from my heart... "Heart"?
It's quite a debt of gratitude she owes you.
Good to see you.
(his most winning smile) Tony, please.. TONY shoots his cuffs.
Thank you.
TONY sits, and stares at the QUEEN.
It's good to see you again.
After quite a summer.. TONY (cont'd) I'm referring to your visit to India and Pakistan, where your comments about ending historic disagreements went down very well.
And in the end, you showed great personal strength, courage, and humility.
You didn't hear what they were saying in the Mall that Friday.
You're very kind.
ELIZABETH (cont'd) I suppose we'd better get on with the business in hand.. ELIZABETH (cont'd) I do love this time of day.
Good.
A good walk and fresh air sorts everything out.. One in four, you said?
I've never been hated like that before.
(faint smile) How is it you come to be here?
The lives of your crew?
Lives are ephemeral.
Victor.
I loved her from the moment that I first saw her.
Victor.
Go comfort her.
...one-two-three, twirl-two-three... Excellent!
Yes, Mama.
It's up to us now to hold this family together.
He left a beautiful gift in her place.
A baby boy.
When our bodies will join.
Victor.
I love you, Elizabeth.
I'll make you so proud, Mother.
We never finished our dance.
(she smiles) Someday we shall.
The others will look to you while I'm gone, Willie.
Rich old ladies and their daughters?
(reads on, laughs) He set things right with a proper apology... and now they've put him in charge of dissection lab!
The point is, your brother is a brilliant student well on his way to becoming the finest-and most compassionate doctor ever... Re-configure the leads?
(glances around, smiles) All of you, from the look of it.
Victor.
What keeps me going are my friends.
I'm convinced.
Thank goodness.
(laughter) Oh, now you have gone too far.
Good.
You're making a scene!
Waldman spent his life trying to help people!
Victor!
I'M NOT DEAD! Yes, yes, I'm coming... Bring Grandfather to the table.
Victor.
And when you've the strength, have the decency to ease their minds with a reply.
(raises the locket) It's a beautiful gift.
Nothing in this life comes free of cost.
It's the Good Spirit of the forest.
Is it the Good Spirit?
Friend?
Friend.
Good!
Answer for the sake of our friendship, and both our future happiness."
Church.
Good.
Who? Victor?
That's what I'm telling you! (swept with relief) Thank God.
It's Victor!
It's beautiful!
(beat) He's coming home to marry me.
Brilliant!
Ever since you were children! (softly) That's wonderful.
Willie, it's not a toy for your friends.
Join us for champagne!
Victor?
Victor!
Thank God!
Why, Victor?
Good people?
(beat) And reading and speaking.
I've seen a beautiful woman lying back and beckoning for me to love her.
Friend?
A companion.
(beat) I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine.
We'd travel north, my bride and I.
There we would live out our lives.
This I vow.
What of our marriage?
The moment I am done.
You must regain your strength to preside at our wedding... and spoil your grandchildren later on.
You're more lovely than I could ever have imagined.
She's beautiful.
Victor.
He would have been so proud.
A year now I've followed him.
I was looking for... and neither will you, my friend.
But I wanted his final moments to have peace.
We fell from grace together.
I've never been shown a kindness.
You gotta great job.
My biggest decision of the day is whether the Almond Joys look better next to the Snickers or the Baby Ruths.
See here, this is Queens.
(tossing the world in his hand, warming to his subject) Y'know, there're still places in Australia where no human being has ever set foot.
Where do the dreams go, Marlon?
Come to bed.
Meryl, it'd be an adventure.
Isn't that enough of an adventure?
How can they have a child?
I made macaroni.
(as she hangs up, querying the smile that plays around his lips) You think this is funny?
It's wonderful!
Trust that boy.
Promise me you'll do that?
...Everybody stay focused...remember who you are... (staring at the monitor) Damn! (to the jogger with the familiar sneakers) Small world.
(surprised) Truman!
The key is spontoneity.
The beach.
For God's sake don't let him upstage you.
There were a hundred people on the beach that day.
(calming down) That's right.
(unable to conceal his pride) Happy?
(staring out at the pleasure craft littering the harbor) Can we contain him long enough?
Isn't that a laugh?
Nice name.
(matching his sarcasm) Nice of you to say so after eight years.
I invited Marlon and Rita for a barbeque Sunday.
(sympathetizing) I used to dream all my friends and family got together in a hotel room, thinking of ways to fuck me up.
I was best man at your wedding and my brother was best man at my wedding and you didn't talk to me for a month over that and I didn't blame you because you've been more of a brother to me than he's ever been.
We all let opportunities pass us by, none of us asks for the dance as often as we should.
He was so close.
(to camera) Welcome to week seventeen hundred and sixty eight of "Truman" and there can scarcely have been a more momentous week in the show's history.
(turning to Christof) Welcome.
Thank you.
Give me a two-shot of Truman and Vivien...go to the master ...hold the elevators... (mustering patience, into microphone) Vivien, press the elevator button again ...and make sure you catch his eye this time... Good! Perfect!
Cut to the interior... ...and Lawrence... ...nice look, Lawrence...and, Vivien... (admiring aside to the remaining fellow-males in the elevator) I wouldn't kick her out of bed.
(more up-beat) However, I'm pleased to announce that television's first on-air conception will still take place.
Thankfully, Truman doesn't.
She's the new adjuster at the office.
What happens when Truman and the baby are both on camera together?
Meryl's at her mom's.
...Ready two.
Makes life easier for us.
Is that the best shot we can get?
Give me a shot from his wedding band.
(defiant, to Operators) Keep running!
The first thing I shall do is honor him with games worthy of his majesty.
The first thing I shall do is have a hot bath.
They honor you, Caesar.
Neither have I. Rome for us lives here... (he touches his heart) ... it's a thing inside us that came from our ancestors and that we give to our children.
Yes, it's a glorious place.
We live in supplication to your glory.
Should the Gods so bless me.
I would be thankful.
My congratulations.
(smiles to Maximus) The august Senator Gracchus has been rather a gadfly on the flesh of the imperial family.
He serves Rome best when he serves it with honesty.
Four years of peace in twenty.
And now I shall make it right.
There was a dream that was Rome.
I thank you for your prayers.
Bring me your solace and your wisdom.
Blessed Mother, come to me in my dreams with the Gods' desire for my future.
Blessed Father, watch over my wife and my son with a ready sword.
Ancestors, true bloodline, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity you have taught me.
(quietly) I search the faces of the Gods for ways to please you... to make you proud... and I can never do it.
-- Why do you love his eyes over mine?
My first desire as Emperor is that you take my hand in friendship.
Even as we mourn the passing of our father, so too do we celebrate the coming of a bright, new age for Rome.
At my side, brothers, you shall pull fresh glories from the heavens.
The lions are worth more than we are.
Proximo, my old friend, see what I have for you today -- !
It's bargain day for you!
Make it 600 sesterces for each decapitation.
For the great Vibius, one stroke.
(smiles) Give me odds, friend.
At least Nero gave us music!
We honor Caesar with the laurel to show our love and appreciation for his benevolence.
If I could leave no other legacy than the scholarship of all children my life would be blessed.
I salute you.
We would like to -- Peace, good Gracchus, peace... My beloved father was a careless shepherd to his flock.
I shall be a good father to my children.
I shall remain in Rome and show them how they are loved.
I shall show them they are loved.
A series of games that will make the Gods envious and leave my children happy!
I will subsidize the arena from this day forth -- and I will culminate this celebration in a great spectacle the likes of which the world has never seen!
A great spectacle to honor my father!
He will conjure magic for them and they will be distracted.
And he will takes their lives.
And they will love him for it.
Now the Celts aren't used to the sun so you have the advantage there...
Lucilla, Gaius is right.
(to Gracchus) Thank you, Senator Mountain!
What are you going to do? Peace child...
One dark night the Gods will light our path.
So you're finally home.
(quietly) Among my people we honor the soil of our home.
My men are too good for -- !
Give me your best, brothers.
That provincial sun has curdled your brain!
The sun is to the east -- over the gate -- keep your back to the gate and you won't have the sun.
Your Emperor is pleased to give you... THE BARBARIAN HORDE!
But on that illustrious day the Gods sent against them Rome's greatest warriors...! The very life-image of nobility and glorious valor... who would on this day, and on these same arid Numidian deserts, decide THE FATE OF THE EMPIRE...
Your Emperor is pleased to give you... THE Slave!
Why is he still alive?
I am terribly vexed... There, that's better.
By all the Gods, and in the name of my father who loved you, and in the name of the husband I loved...
Returning to the Colosseum today... after five years in retirement... Caesar is pleased to bring you... THE ONLY (the crowd is going mad) Gods!
I give you...
Too much wine and too many women.
There was a time my heart swelled to strap on the armor of Rome.
I am the richest trainer in the Empire!
Good.
By all that you have ever loved... swear that if you survive you will take my son out of Rome.
Sister... join us.
He'll make a grand Emperor one day.
Join us, sister.
We've been reading about the great Julius and his adventures in Egypt.
Gods watch over you.
Rome... you are better than this.
Make them your champion...
It will be alive.
They've got two beautiful little girls.
That's awesome.
Well, I'm not sure, but I think Daddy is now a princess.
It's her birthday.
Hey babe, I'm late.
Babe.
Well, Mixed Martial Arts is a sport that I've always been incredibly passionate about.
As for where the idea for Sparta came from, I've always kind of dug the Grand Prix format, so I tracked these guys down to help me out.
When J.J. came to us he said he wanted to create the Super Bowl of Mixed Martial Arts.
Heart, right.
There's no shame in it these days.
Wow! There's just no limit to what the future holds for this kid!
I love you.
It's time for our next contest!
Introducing first, fighting out of the red corner, from Ripley, West Virginia, please welcome Mike "The Mutilator" Moore!
Let's go! Nice fight.
Two more wins and you take home the bacon.
Hey babe.
I thought we agreed that we weren't going to raise our children in a family where their father gets beat up for a living.
The girls have an important piano recital in the morning.
Liking the place, Frank.
Thank you, brother.
Amazing, man.
You look good, brother.
Good.
Good.
You've gotta trust to Goodnight, Pop.
Boy, she's grown, Brendan.
Good good.
Kids are good?
They're good.
He's good.
He's a good kid, Tommy.
He's a great kid.
Everyone's good.
I've got an opportunity coming up to help you guys out.
J.J., we've never seen this kind of Grand Prix tournament in the country before.
You saved my life, brother.
Tell him Mark said thank you.
I'm good right here.
I fell in love, Tommy.
Hey, I'm glad you stayed and everything worked out for you, Brendan.
The gym's the only place that's big enough.
Conlon's whole world is about to go from day to night.
Beautiful!
Beautiful!
This is what makes Mixed Martial Arts so great.
Great show of sportsmanship from the teacher.
And here comes the great Russian Koba.
His reputation is larger than life.
I'm proud of you brother.
Brendan Conlon has tapped the great Koba!
He's pulled off a miracle!
Fernandez' wife, Pilar Fernandez, spoke with me in an exclusive interview moments ago.
ALLISON (voice over) Oh, well, I fell a lot better knowing you can talk now.
Thanks.
Thank you.
The quote... That's the one thing I haven't seen.
Best for last.
Well, I was more interested in the settlement you made.
I look forward to it.
A song cue ?
You're Nobody Till Somebody Loves You.
Oh, yes, that's a promise.
Where do you guys learn to dress like that ?
Yeah, I never know what looks good.
I think you'd look great with that.
Well, I think they go great with that dress.
That smells nice on you.
I'm an only child.
Do you have... a big family ?
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
They look beautiful on you.
Thanks, they're great.
Thank you.
Allie, listen.
I love you.
Buddy !
Oh, yes, you're a good clean boy.
You're going to cheer her up.
Well... his name's Buddy.
I promise.
Easier that way, Okay ?
Well, I sent it with the keys.
I love you.
Thank you.
Good evening, Mister Rawson.
JAMES STEWART (playing his character in the movie) I have an idea I must be in love with you.
Beautiful ring.
Thanks.
You have this great personality.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Mitch... Hey, look... I've been a good boy, haven't I ?
And you've been a good girl.
That's better.
That's better.
HEDRA (voice over) You're too nice, that's the problem.
He should pay for this.
He'll pay.
God... ALLISON (voice over from the air vent) It's like looking at myself.
ALLISON (voice over from the air vent) Nothing she told me is true.
Thanks.
That's good.
Thank you for the tea.
She can tell you better than I can.
Thanks.
Love to Jack.
Well, I'd better get this stuff out of here.
I'll help.
We can have breakfast when you get back.
HOTEL CLERK (voice over from the phone) Atherton Hotel.
It was the funniest thing.
Feeling better ?
Great.
Come on, Allie, it's nicer this way.
Take your best shot.
They're your friends.
She's 15, this kid -- a great piece of ass.
It feels real good.
This is my new girlfriend, Vickie.
V for victory.
How do you like that Pop? V for victory.
You've been good for two weeks... Come here.
Jake, you made me promise not to get you excited.
Loved what you did to Satterfield.
You feelin' good?
Never felt better.
(to Salvy) This Janiro's a good fiahter, pretty good-lookin' kid.
Let's say I was a good friend of yours.
You're the one who said he was good looking.
Nobody's gonna think he's good-looking when I get through with him.
Jake LaMotta, 155 lbs.
I love you.
Went down to see him the other day.
I don't care how great he is or how colorful.
The good news is you got your shot at the title.
You were a big favorite in this fight.
G'wan, do it.
So, you enjoy the suspension.
How do I keep my strength?
That cuckold lives in bliss who, certain of his fate, loves not his woronger; But O, what damned minutes tells he o'er who dotes, yet doubts -- suspects, yet fondly loves!" -- That's from somethin' called "Othello" -- Is whispering nothing?
Kissing with inside lip?
Stopping the career of laughter with a sign?
Why, then the world and all that's in't is nothing; The covering sky is nothing; Bohemia nothing; My wife is nothing; nor nothing have these nothings, if this be nothing."
He wrote all them famous plays one after the other, then he went into a big slump and he ain't done anything good in years.
I love him... he's my family...
And that's the way we been goin' thru life -- doin' nothin' for each other!
Ain't a cheek ever good enough for you?
(refering to the TV) Whatever you touched, that's good now.
A lot of people wanta know who was the best guy I ever fought.
... Thanks, babe.
She's a nice kid.
She'll only do it with a guy if she really likes him.
Valentine's Day.
"Friend, the quality that has carried Pabst Blue Ribbon around the world is yours for the asking.
What friends?
These stones are worth about fifteen hudred dollars, but the belt of a champion is a very rare item.
Sundays is no scratches.
Sundays rested.
Please.
Thank you, ma'am.
Where are you going to be for Christmas?
Well, it's the way you've been raised.
Oh no! Were you ever in a road company of "Student Prince?" No. Why? Very good.
Thank you.
I'd love to.
(They're off) Nicer than Dolores!
A civilian M.P.! If the fellows ever saw you now! They'd skin you alive!
Friend of ours.
Come on, Bob, we could have a great week up in Vermont.
All right -- so it's just for a couple of days.
Don't you want me to enjoy the winter sports?
Fair and warmer.
But who are they going to sing to?
But if there was one thing I learned in the army it was to be positive -- especially when you don't know what you're talking about.
Whatever your audience lacks in numbers, it will make up for in enthusiasm -- (He glares at Martha) or I'll know the reason why! (Utterly charmed) Gee... no wonder we won the war!
Excellent.
Thank you.
It was nice, if you like music.
(Smiling) Well, for heaven's sake!
You've been very nice not canceling, we'd like to make a gesture.
A glimmer.
Shhhhhh! (Into phone) Relax...
I don't care how much it'll cost us... That's better... Have everybody on the train first thing in the morning.
It was in the small print.
His pride.
I hope this is not an indication of advancing age, getting kissed out of gratitude.
(Sincerely) That was the nicest thing I ever saw anybody do.
It was still gratitude.
We have this show, and we laid off for the holidays.
Everything's so wonderful here, so pretty, so exciting, I can't understand how you stay frozen up.
(Smiling) It's the same.
The way Phil dances, and he's funny.
It's easy to see yourself married to him.
(An effort) And Bob? He's different, deeper, and he's funny, too.
It'd be nice to be married to both of them.
Good thing they're not a quartette.
Phil'd be more fun in a night club, but eventually a girl wants a pipe and slipper fellow.
I hear it's half the fun.
(Amused) How's that?
Different foods make for different dreams.
It's called "The Wallace Way of Wishful Wooing."
Ham and Swiss cheese, for instance, you get a cool, thin, blonde girl.
(He is occupied at the frigidaire while she watches him yearningly) Let me make you some warm milk.
(Looking straight at his back) Warm milk won't do it.
(The orchestra starts to play ROCKABYE BABY.
We had to find out ourselves, etc. (Phil and Judy are among the group) (Formally) There will be a celebration of the forthcoming event tonight after the show!
The baby'll be named after me!
I've been dancing with her! That's more important!
The baby'll be named after me!
The hiring was more important!
The dancing was more important!
(Small pause) The baby'll be named after me.
(Interpreting this as mere selflessness for love) Well - There you are - painless.
Now, baby!
Must be interesting to be a woman.
They're simple creatures.
It's always a pleasure to meet an expert in any field.
(To the horse) Come on, Delilah! (Fitting the action) Good, Judy.
That's great news!
(He smiles) Now nothing to the women folk about this! No, sir.
(He smiles at his own predicament) Read it, son.
You always were a lucky stiff, and I envy you.
Everyone in the family is fine here.
(He holds has hand out) Thank you.
He owns a little hotel in a winter resort in Vermont.
He's too proud to let them know he's General Waverly.
A glimmer.
(Laying him out) Take it easy, boy! Don't leave me! Everything is going round and round!
The lovers.
Good night, Phil.
(Gruffly) Well, I couldn't come down in my bathrobe.
Fore...! I'm glad I'm well out of it.
(Quietly) And a Merry Christmas to you, Mr. President... Yes, practically the whole outfit is here.
If you ever take it into your mind to grab a little rest from all that work I wish you'd drop in on us here -- I can't promise you any golf but -- (As he looks at the falling snow) -- we can certainly give you plenty of snow, Mr, President... Yes, Mr. President... What? (Smiles) Thanks, Ike.
And my goal isn't to win big.
Ferris (o.c.) Nice looking guy.
And he wins more off the top than the bottom.
What's your pleasure?
Grand Dad, rocks.
SNAPBACK to: What's your pleasure?
But does that make him happy?
Get yourself a good lawyer and turn yourself in.
You have the most amazing talent, and you're running from it.
Would you be willing to do that?
(off his look) I teach fifth grade.
Please.
- Basically, you're a no- good, worthless ramblin' man who's never held a job in life.
Well, thanks for the ride.
You're welcome.
I understand...Well, see ya.
Thanks.
FeRRIS Did Wisdom talk to you? BaiNES (grudging) What do you need?
- I thought you'd be happy to see me.
I love ice cream sandwiches.
Funny.
But we're going to be happy together for the rest of our lives.
Your students are very lucky.
Have you met Cris?
Ferris I agree.
Even his best friend says he'll never turn himself in.
God, this is gorgeous.
But this is good.
This is amazing.
Baines And that's more important than love?
SnAPBACK TO: (whispers) Liz, please, I love you.
I'm getting used to miracles.
Christ, you live dangerously.
I grew up at Love Canal.
(pleased, to herself) Come to momma.
You make it look easy.
He is capable of love.
I promise.
Don't let him out of here alive.
This is getting interesting.
I'll join you in a minute.
I hope he loves you as much as I love her.
wisdom (o.c.) Cris Johnson...I've got your girl friend.
We got off to such a great start.
And I looked for a happy ending...
See ya?
This one's my favorite.
The farther he gets away from that Diner, the happier he'll be.
He's 40, white.
That's RICK CHARLTON: late 40's, thinning hair, friendly.
Mackelway follows.
Ms. Potter's the nice girl you met at the desk.
Good.
So our guy likes to draw pictures of body parts and then spring 'em on people.
He was a quiet guy.
(at Dolly:) (at Dolly:) Could you de-- Did you get a-- They each stop short, waiting for the other to yield.
Finally Mackelway nods, "Go ahead."
Guy was in here better part of an hour.
That one's easy.
Bingo.
First thing he sees is that SYMBOL again: a circle-with-a- slash-through-it... staring right at him.
Mackelway stares.
She smiles.
Almost perfectly.
Charlton gives the photos a cursory glance, nothing more.
(eagerly) Yeah.
A beautiful campus, quiet tonight.
He rises, smiles warmly.
A tiny, cramped hovel.
Patterns, repetition of behavior.
It's my PTA Day.
Thanks.
Anyway, thank you.
And thanks for the coffee.
A tiny hallway, with four doors.
White.
Tonight it's the "Gilligan's Island" theme-song.
This room is heaving with energy...
Alive.
...which is when we hear the laughter of a LITTLE BOY.
Then new images come at him - but they are, at first, GRAINY, CHOPPY...
The sounds of that wave become fainter, receding to the background, giving way to that sound of laughter, and the squeaking of a PLAY-SET SWING.
Meatloaf's lookin' good today.
He smiles, thanks.
Mackelway laughs.
He appreciates a good jab.
Hear the meatloaf's good today.
She half-smiles.
He half-smiles, puts the cel-phone away.
He wears a sleeveless down vest and a "God Bless America" cap.
The walk, the attitude.
That WAITRESS comes by with more coffee.
Mackelway smiles, looking absently out the window again.
I want my Mommy!"
O'Ryan shrugs, then raises his hands: "Cuff me."
This is a moment of opportunity.
The chain begins to heat up... Mackelway watches as Delia makes her way into the kitchen.
She brings the cake to the kitchen table, moving well for a lady who can't see.
She grabs it, using her hands to orient herself... and begins to write on the cake, in frosting.
Mackelway can't see the top of that cake, but we can.
The first letters, in beautiful cursive, read: "Happy Bir..." It's a work in progress.
It's his birthday, isn't it?
He comes home on his birthday.
(aloud, delighted) Darling?!
Behind him, Delia smiles excitedly, almost dancing.
But that smile soon leaps from her face... as she hears the sound of that 18-wheeler, BRAKING ABRUPTLY, its tires locking- up on the wet road.
This mother fucker's like Charles Bronson in "The Great Escape."
Her pussy should be Bubble-Yum by now.
Give me my book back!
Give me my book.
Have you guys been listening to K- BILLY's super sounds of the seventies weekend?
I'm listening to it this morning, and this was the first time I ever realized that the lady singing the song, was the one who killed Andy.
They say it in the song.
You guys have a wonderful day.
(laughing) I love this kid, he's a madman, this guy.
Our girl was nice.
I'm not gonna leave ya.
It's not good... Hey, bless your heart for what you're trying to do.
What's done is done, I need you cool.
We're in the place, everything's going fine.
Mr. Blonde!
He's still alive, but won't be for long.
Funny you should mention it.
I walk through the door and Joe says "Vic, you're back, thank god.
But when Vic asked me how's business, well, you don't lie to a man who's just done four years in the slammer for ya.
And if Koons ever wants to make a surprise visit, you're gone that day.
Me and you'll drive down to Long Beach tomorrow.
That's great, guy, thanks a bunch.
Let Nice Guy set you up at Long Beach.
Let's see what's on K-BILLY'S "super sounds of the seventies" weekend.
Listen to me, Jeffrey Andrews.
Congratulations.
Nice Guy Eddie tells me Joe wants to meet me.
To do this job you got to be a great actor.
Something funny that happened to you while you were doing a job.
You're fucking Baretta and they believe every word, cuz you're super cool.
Christie Love.
Pan Grier made the movies.
Christie Love was like a Pam Grier TV show, without Pam Grier.
So the dago says: (in a good Brooklyn accent) "That's nothin.
When I take the tip of my tongue and wiggle it against my Mary Louise's little fun pimple, she rises two feet off da bed."
She hits the roof!" Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! Ain't that a masterpiece?
You're here, great!
The situation as hand isn't that fuckin satchel.
Sweet broad, helluva broad, and a registered nurse.
Goddamnit, will you guys grow up!
I don't need to grow up, my friend.
But hair and footwear together, he's a goner.
...Restare in pacem eternis, Amen.
So please -- do it.
We'll let the house, and the lands too; plenty of willing neighbors.
The Lord bless thee and keep thee?
Good night, Uncle.
"The Lord bless thee and keep thee..." What are they doing?
Twelve years later, Longshanks supervised the wedding of his eldest son, also named Edward, who would succeed him to the throne.
As bride for his son, Longshanks had chosen a relative of his rival, the king of France.
It was widely whispered that for the Princess to conceive, Longshanks would have to do the honors himself.
But how will they credit our strength when we cannot rule the whole of our own island?!
I will deal with him.
When any common girl inhabiting their lands is married, our lords shall have sexual rights to her on the night of her wedding.
Young Robert, we are honored -- My father hears that Longshanks has granted prima noctes.
My father believes we must lull Longshanks into confidence, by neither supporting his decree nor opposing it.
Hey boy!
As the lord of these lands, I will bless this marriage by taking the bride into my bed on the first night of her union.
Good evening, sir.
Thank you for accepting.
Thank you for inviting.
And, God willing, a family.
If I can live in peace, I will.
This night is too beautiful to have again.
I will be with you, like this.
I will love you my whole life.
The Lord bless and keep thy love, now and forever.
Why don't you marry my friend here?
What girl?! ...on horse.
The girl on the horse!
But he is free.
Pride?
Love?
A rebellion has begun.
You will embrace this rebellion.
But he fights with passion, and he is clever.
He inspires men.
Uncompromising men are easy to admire.
They'll ride right over us.
We make spears.
-- Volunteers coming in!
It's your family tartan!
Thank her for me.
I'm prettier than this man!
That's my friend, Irishman.
Excellent!
I love you!
Wake up! Wake up, William!... Wake up!... William!
He's right, Hamish!
For presenting yourselves on this battlefield, I give you thanks.
To join it, you give homage.
I saw our good nobles hanged.
What will you do with freedom?
Fine speech.
Do that, and your men shall live.
I am the Princess of Wales.
God makes men what they are.
Did God make you the sacker of peaceful cities?
Her husband's more of a queen than she is.
Peace is made is such ways.
We married in secret because I would not share her with an English lord.
And someday you will be a queen, and you must open your eyes!
I'm a happy man.
You achieved that!
You saved your family, increased your lands!
In my heart I had begun to hope that he would never break.
Is it true about Mornay?
His legend grows!
Good day to you, M'Lords.
You mock us with a smile?
Wallace's followers.
Freedom first, and peace.
So grant them.
He trusts me.
I have picked you a Queen.
Thanks for the food and drink.
We don't care to live, if we can't fight beside ya.
There is... one thing, William.
It does me good to see you.
The same way... as when we met.
You are Longshanks' new designate.
M'lady... what kindness of you to visit a stranger.
You fancy him.
I respect him.
Show mercy... Oh thou great king... and win the respect of your own people.
To you that word is as unfamiliar as love.
Wonderful, isn't it, that a man remains conscious through such pain.
Bliss.
Peace.
Mercy, William... Say Mercy...
And won their freedom.
That makes you our best option right now.
MCBRIDE (on screen) Well, it's official, sportsfans.
Yeah, well you never should have married her then.
The crowd goes wild.
(to Jammer) Hang on, buddy.
CAB ONE! CAB ONE! Meet me at Flatbed!
Cute, Virgil.
Thanks.
Hey, Lins... (she looks up) I'm glad your here.
Yeah? Well I'm not.
Right through the brainpan.
So, we get back on the beach and... we're living together.
But then she got promoted to project engineer on this thing, couple years ago.
Nice shot, Lins.
Thanks.
They can plasticize it, polymerize it... whatever.
Happy as hogs in a waller down there, prob'ly.
Thanks.
Gimme a hand!
Okay, look, you swim to the rig and come back with another suit.
Now trust me.
Read you, Bud.
Meet me in the moonpool.
Christ... come on, baby.
Come on, baby!
I've been better.
Let's rock and roll.
Relax now, Bud.
Drop your weights... you... can breathe shallow... you... it could be wrong-- Oh God, Virgil, please... Love you.
... a Caltech scientist who is among those reporting an unprecedented disturbance in the world's oceans.
Things ain't never gonna be the same!
Good of you to join us.
Hey! HEY!! Look... it's Bud.
Oh, yes.
Easy as pie.
Trust me.
"This is Patrick..." (makes the sound of egg cracking, the sizzling as it lands in the skillet) "...And this is Patrick on crack."
Warm this place up, you'll see.
Look, you guys want to play college radio, high school reunions, and some fool's club once a week for the rest of your lives, that's cool.
I believe in you guys.
It'll be fun.
That was your mama's bag.
Sounds like mama needs a brand new bag.
Such fine hands.
Your right's the present.
By magic?
Nice lookin'.
You done good.
Welcome, brother.
Welcome, sisters.
Bring a little life to that old building.
Good.
First you can help us eat lunch.
Listen to the Di Franco twins there.
A little business move I made.
Listen to me, boy.
Listen, Baby, I gotta TCB this evening.
You got a nice crib here.
Everybody's happy.
The Gangsta of Love.
It's alright, baby.
And this time you'll listen to me.
Beautiful hands.
Love us?
(points to the bandages) It's alive.
Looking to score?
Who're your friends?
Your father was his best friend.
He loved Jeremiah.
But I'm bringing a couple of friends.
Jeremiah's gonna have the unique experience of seeing his reward, tasting it while he's still alive.
Body-Soul and Spirit.
Help me.
Welcome home, baby girl.
Please.
Help me.
Where are you!? Cinn! Jump!! Let's go!!!
First round's on me back at Virginia Beach.
That was the most incredible... Better keep that on `til we get to the rendezvous point.
Lieutenant, thank you. (He pats his briefcase) You saved more than just my life today.
Please.
(then) Don't you have a family?
(this gets him:) Make it quick.
And a good friend.
... Plummer was the best security expert the department of defense ever had -- a genius.
G.H.O.S.T. is still out there, (Bill smiles:) which is why I'm going to give you another shot.
Thank you.
Honey, I'm alive.
He's a good man... anyway, I should go.
Okay, fine... come on Scott.
It's Saturday night.
Don't make a move `til you're in the groove, and do the Peter Panda Dance.
It's Sunday...! (he squints at a clock) And it's six a.m.
Listen up, ladies.
Thank you, sir.
Not on my watch.
Looks like Mrs. Plummer finally listened.
Top to bottom, K thru 12. You're in my house now, boy.
Good morning kids.
(then, confidential:) My informant's about to crack.
You're the new baby-sitter?
"Honor, Courage... Commitment".
That's the way I live my life, and the way I run my school.
Welcome aboard.
Official Business.
Give up now.
(whispers:) Come on, Shane.
Good.
No, not munchkin Oz -- HBO Oz. (she listens:) Hm...
I dunno if that's a good idea, Scott...
Welcome to Chuck E. Cheese!
What? (gesturing:) Pischer of Mischer Pibb?
I'm watching your brother...
I am the greatest hand-to- hand combat champion in the entire world!
I love you.
And the folks who read my Dude, not cool... Move, move, move!
Inexcusable, to leave a man behind like that... Relax, we once found a kid in the ball pool when we opened in the morning -- WHOA, Whoa.
Start swabbing, ladies.
They're gone, everyone's fine.
The good news is I'll be home in two days, as soon as the customs paperwork clears.
We were just starting to have fun.
You're a good man, Shane.
I'll show you a couple moves.
(he shouts, at the cast:) We open in a week.
"Sound of Music" is a great show.
Chicks dig guys who can dance.
I want to sing.
I'm in Sound of Music.
It opens Friday...
(to Shane:) This is what happens when there's no man in the house.
Stay out of this, baby sitter!
That was awesome.
And say good night, Peter Panda.
Good night, Peter.
(going to sleep) Good night, daddy.
But sweet dreams.
Let go -- MOMMY!
From now on, you do things our way -- no highway option!
I don't care what has been said, Brownies rock!
Sound off!
Scott's fine.
...I've never been in love like this before.
I trusted you.
North Korea pays better.
Let's GO! Hi ya! That's cute.
Keep going!
RUN! Go GET HELP!!! Hurry!
Now! Aah! HEY -- Wheee!
Don't make a move `til you're in the groove, and do the Peter Panda Dance.
Then better jump quick, like there ain't no floor.
And that's the Peter Panda Dance.
Thank you, Shane.
You know, if you're willing to join up, I'd be happy to cut you in on the proceeds.
What do you say -- we make a good team?
Thank you.
Love you, Shane.
Your dad would be so proud.
I'm gonna see you Friday night.
What's Friday night?
The journey home.
MERRY (cont'd) Welcome, my Lords, to Isengard.
(mouth full) We are sitting on a field of victory, enjoying a few well-earned comforts.
Huraroom ... Young Master Gandalf, I'm glad you've come.
wild trees.
Final Revision - October, 2003 8, TREEBEARD (cont'd) Well bless my bark!
Final Revision - October, 2003 9, I am happy for you.
(smiling) You are both honourable men.
(singing) Oh, you can search - up and down As many lands as can be found But you'll never find a beer so brown As the one we drink in our home town You can keep your fancy ales You can drink them by the flagon But the only brew, for the brave and true, Comes from the Green Dragon!
(gently) What does your heart tell you? (with a small smile) That Frodo is alive.
Precious, my love?
There was a white tree . . . in a courtyard of stone . . .
There is courage still - strength enough left to challenge him.
GANDALF (cont'd) I ride for Minas Tirith!
Merry? Come on!
Three days ride as the Nazgul flies and you'd better hope we don't have one of those on our tail.
The last of the Longbottom Leaf.
The last journey of Arwen Undomiel.
You have the gift of foresight - tell me what you have seen. .
There is also life.
Another opportunity for one of the Shire-folk to prove their great worth!
We ride for Minas Tirith.
Mithrandir? (grim) Courage is the best defence that you have now.
And I shall not forget it, nor fail to reward that which is given ... DENETHOR (cont'd) ... fealty with love ... DENETHOR (cont'd) ... valour with honour ... Final Revision - October, 2003 53.
See! See!
Do not throw away your life so rashly!
Your father loves you, Faramir! (quietly) And will remember it before the end.
yes, at least, well enough for my own people ... but we have no songs for great halls and evil times . . .
Come - sing me a song!
Home is behind, the world ahead, And there are many paths to tread.
(to herself) Why can he not fight for those he loves?
I come on behalf of one whom I love.
As Sauron's power grows, her strength wanes.
(grimly) Ride with me.
Ride! Ride now, for Gondor!
(touching Faramir's forehead) He's alive!
Oh, yes . . .
I give you the light of Earendil - our most beloved star.
(stronger) Aiya Earendil Elenion Ancalima!
Final Revision - October, 2003 102, (whisper) Courage, Merry ... courage for our friends Form ranks you maggots!
a sword day, a red day ^ere the sun rises!
He's burning Faramir alive!
(quiet) Well, that isn't so bad.
I am going to save you ... (loving) You already did . . .
Go. Be at peace.
It's going to the Great Eye, along with everything else . . .
There'll be none left for the return journey.
my brothers!
It'll be spring soon, and the orchards will be in blossom; and the birds will be nesting in the hazel thicket; and they'11 be sowing the summer barley in the lower fields; and eating the first of the strawberries with cream.
Give me your hand.
(remembering) I can see the Shire ... The Brandywine River, Bag End, Gandalf's fireworks . . . the lights in the Party Tree . . .
Rosie Cotton dancing ... she had ribbons in her hair . . .
(calm) I'm glad to be with you, Samwise Gamgee . . .
Now come the days of the King ... GANDALF (cont'd) : (softly to Aragorn) May they be blessed.
Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.
ARAGORN (cont'd) My friends ... you bow to no-one.
Final Revision - October, 2003 143, And thus it was a Fourth Age of Middle- earth began, and the Fellowship of the Ring, though eternally bound by friendship and love, was ended.
How do you go on, when in your heart you begin to understand.
This ought to be interesting.
ELLIE (cont'd) It's a huge honor to meet you!
Welcome to Nightmute!
I just want to say how incredible it is to have you working with us, Detective Dormer.
He'll teach you how to be a great cop.
Nice kid.
"2nd prize Great Kodiak Salmon Catch."
Not that I was ever a great detective.
That was the most exciting thing that happened last year.
It's human nature.
(beat) She went to a party Friday night?
Well her mother didn't buy them for her.
(smiles at Will) More Alaskan hospitality.
Did you love her? Huh? Kay Connell.
She loved me.
I followed the sound down to the water.
(sympathetic smile) We're not used to this sort of thing up here.
He liked you.
Funny... (into phone) What do you mean, "Funny?"
They're watching us, Will... Hap! ...We're going to bring down a couple of guys from Ridgemount, but I want us to step up the investigation here... ...Nightmute hasn't lost an officer in thirty-seven years, and even though Detective Eckhart wasn't from here, he was as good as one of us on this case.
I had the honor of working with him down in Seattle for a number of years.
Thanks.
Said he was your new partner.
(looks at watch) It's two-thirty in the morning.
It's the best time.
No. (rubs his eyes) Well.
I had a brother.
In New Mexico.
When's Rich coming?
Then you can't sleep for days.
Out there on the beach.
But you were such good friends...
Good.
His goodness.
There's a beautiful aviary over there.
You think this is a nice meeting we're having here?
Friendly?
I stood right behind you...I saw you look right into his eyes and shoot him... WALTER (cont'd) ...Seattle's great hero.
Those who were born here and those who've come here to escape something in their lives.
When did you first meet her?
Not that much at first.
Did you have sex with her?
You gave her gifts.
As a friend.
Wanted to keep it a secret.
(smiles) Hi, Will... What the hell are you doing calling me at the station?
Congratulations.
But we work so well together...
I told her to meet me at our special place.
Her skin...it was like everything I'd ever written about.
It was when I went to kiss her.
She started laughing.
I have a summer house up by Kgun Lake.
To tell you the truth this has been kind of fun.
Had a lot of help from Nightmute's finest.
Good.
Father, I --? Kyle tells me you did a good job at the glassworks today.
It will get easier.
Thank you.
And God have mercy on your soul.
I tended her -- Yes, and you did a good job.
He's infected... Everything's gonna be fine.
Thanks, but no thanks, Anthony.
Bread's better for you anyway.
You make it sound like this Alien has a personal score to settle with you.
Made too good for that.
Your Abbot was right.
That was when I first met the Alien.
I fought -- stayed alive to keep Newt alive.
Too much profit.
Join the club.
You don't have to be a genius to see it wouldn't be prudent to try to preserve man's written works for generations -- without women.
That's better than nothing.
An atmosphere processing plant -- The heart and lungs of Arceon.
Together... Run! RUN!
In a few hours that's going to sound good.
Please.
Those men up there have grown to live with it.
The Organism.
(proud of him) Good work, Father John.
Brother.
Brother.
The Company's best work.
Be a monk -- see the world.
To join you happy lunatics in your deaths.
Dancing.
Give it up.
Water flows in and out.
Good fellow.
I'm glad.
We've got to live!! Come on in!
You can't let it win.
Please.
Join...my brothers.
World of books.
There is a great evil here.
(Seeing cute little bird land on window feeder) Look officers!
Listen to his call.
Bye, honey.
(Kisses MOM goodbye) Thanks for your time, everybody.
(Fondly) Good morning, Birdie.
(Kisses CHIP) (Good-naturedly to COPS) Hi ya, boys! (Sarcastically to a sullen SCOTTY in car) Good morning Scotty!
(Impressed) Wow! Still in the box!
Mrs. Sutphin's about as normal and nice a lady we're ever going to find.
Beverly darling?
Rosemary, honey.
Good morning.
Oh, I love your outfit.
Thanks.
But Mom, the video's not over.
Looks good, Mom! Nothing like a home cooked meal, honey.
Misty, I made your favorite sesame broccoli... (Passes it to her) Yummy.
Doesn't threaten me, honey.
I'm happy.
I'm happy too and we want you to be happy.
(Excited) Did you hear?
(Turning out light on his side of bed) Goodnight, honey.
Goodnight, honey.
Don't I get a kiss?
(Kissing her) It's fine with me, Beverly.
(Kisses her again more passionately) You want to, honey?
We can be real quiet... (Getting on top of her) I love that you're my wife.
(Getting turned on) You're not bad yourself, coo-coo bird... (Gently making love to her) You bring me such peace... Oohhhh, Eugene!
Yeah! Yeah! (Really turned on) You're hot tonight, honey... but be quiet!
Ooh, honey, I'm ready!
(Tracking a particularly cute bird) There's Dede!
He's my favorite chickadee!
Good morning, Detectives.
(Picking up a "People" magazine with Ivana Trump on the cover) Now, here's a babe!
(Whispering to BIRDIE as she ogles him from behind) Nice buns! "P" as in... (Glaring at SCOTTY) ...People who don't mind their own business.
(To DAD) It's Mrs. Ackerman's magazine, honey.
(Singing and dancing in place as soulfully as possible for her) "It's Daybreak" If you want to believe It can be Daybreak!..." Don't forget me, boys! (Holding up blue bags) All rinsed and ready to recycle!
Thanks, ma'am.
(Takes a big swig) Damn! Good stuff.
How can you love a mass-murderer?
Easy!
He's handsome.
AND WE GET CONJUGAL (To camera) SERIAL HAGS! Woman Who Love Men Who Mutilate!
(Pleading) Rosemary, I didn't break your egg - she did!
(To CUSTOMER) Can I help you?
(Calling out) Misty, honey, look! (Holding up a set of cereal bowls) I made a killing!
It's a cool idea, Misty!
Let's make a gore movie about Mom! Better yet, a TV series!
Dinner's served!
Amen to that.
(Happily) It's been a crazy day, hasn't it?! ...Dottie Hinkle was right - IT BEVERLY SUTPHIN!
Not exactly blood - it was GORE! Hanging right there like a runny nose!! Nice as pie she was to me and then I hear her say it!
(Whispering) Come on, let it out... (Yelling loudly, startling all the cops in the room) "PUSSY" she says to me! (Excited, happy) You know Mom, Scotty thinks you're the killer!
(Laughs) Does he? (Smiling to CHIP) For a boy who doesn't wear seat belts, Scotty's awfully nosy.
Hurry! "...Ain't no time to grieve And it's Daybreak!!! Let it shine, shine, shine, All around the world!!"
Home Sweet Home! Everything's fine, kids! (Laughing) I can't believe I thought my own mother was a murderess!
...Most merciful God, we confess that we have sinned against thee... CHIP and MISTY ...by what we have done... ...and by what we have left undone... ...we are truly sorry and we humbly repent... (Praying piously, but beginning to sniffle a sneeze) ...so that we may delight in thy will... ...And walk in the ways to the glory... (Starts to sneeze and catches herself) ...of Thy name... Amen! We'll show 'em, Mom, We'll go on "60 Minutes"!
PLEASE!
I'm Hank Hawkins from the Baltimore Sun.
This is so silly.
(Gets in) Good morning, Mrs. Jenson.
Do you have the musical, "Annie"?
I love Bill Cosby pictures.
Mommy's watching "Annie".
Get 'em all wet! (Starts singing along with video) "The sun comes out Tomorrow..." (To BIRDIE) Come on!
I love you Tomorrow You're only a day away!" " To morrow!
I love you..." "....Tomorrow!
You're only a day... "Tomorrow!..Tomorrow!..Tomorrow!
I love you...
(Hopping out as MOM hops in and pulls off) Drive carefully!
Huge Rock 'n' Roll Palace.
Hey, buddy.
(Pushing her way up in line) Age before beauty...
The one on TV! Cool!
Excuse me...coming through... (Snatches beer bottle out of boy's hand) Bill Flowers!
And COMB YOUR , young lady!
(Stoned) Wow! It's her! (Proudly) (Hissing) Buckle up, Scotty!
(Standing) Your honor, I have a motion.
I've read the lawbooks!
(Proudly) NOT GUILTY, your honor!
Sittin' right there! (Dramatically to JURY) I'm lucky I'm not DEAD!!
(Flustered) One beer with lunch is hardly "drinking".
(Getting up, rubbing his jaw) That's cool...hey look, you're Carl's brother, right?
(To NAZLEROD) Thank you.
(Turning bright red) Don't judge people by what they read, Detective.
I never saw Beverly Sutphin in my life!
(Giving MARVIN her version of a sexy smile as he leaves stand) The prosecution has proven nothing, your honor.
(Graciously accepting flowers, signing autographs, posing for the press) I love you!
Thanks for coming!
I knew she was innocent right from the beginning!... (Snarling scarily) You can't wear white shoes after Labor Day! (Stammering in open-mouthed terror) No...please...that's not true anymore.
Oh yes it is!
Right here, honey.
(Posing) Smile, Serial Mom! (Hissing to FARRAH in the scariest, most threatening voice yet) (in perfect Spanish) Thank goodness, I feel like Icarus in the labyrinth -- where's the men's room?
And how much will your 'fun' net you this time?
The oversight committee would've roasted us for this one -- thank God it paid off.
She complimented for her 'F' in history with an 'A' in shoplifting... Nice stunt, Jamie.
That's the good news... Go on.
Relax, he's a turnip.
With our new generation of anti- inflammatories, healing is accelerated from weeks to days.
Everything will be better -- now that... that man is finally out of our lives.
You promised!
Eye color -- almost a perfect match.
Nice catch.
He's been released... Walton, you have to listen to me -- right now! Or what?
Have fun at work.
That poem was really sweet -- (spots Castor at door) Hang on a sec... I'll call you back.
You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here -- (blows a perfect smoke ring) Daddy's a new man.
'Look good'?
It's an audacious dream, Caz.
Let's get the latest from Valerie Rice...
Jon... that's wonderful.
Unless it's upstairs with you... baby, it's like I'm having you for the first time.
(mopping up) -- next time, bring them in before dinner... Oh happy day -- Castor Troy.
Matthew Archer, Age 5 Beloved Son & Brother We Cherish You Always Happy birthday, Matty.
He's alive -- and he's already here.
But let's face it, we both liked it better the way it was.
Met Castor Troy in Austin, Texas, at Pearl Jam reunion... (catches himself) Uh, how you doing, baby?
No wonder he spent all his time chasing me.
Not until I finish my business with your brother.
If we make it, we'll meet up at my Malibu place.
Your kid loves me.
Your 'baby brother'?
You start meeting with Brodie and Miller.
Good.
Good.
We are here to celebrate the life of Victor Lazarro.
We all know him as a man who dedicated himself to defending this great nation -- first, as a highly decorated admiral -- then, as west coast director of the F.B.I.
Thanks anyway, Mom -- (slides her $50) But I wanted to be here for you... and Dad.
Listen to my voice, Jamie.
He's an old friend of...
It was a "pleasure."
That's the easy part.
They can trade it on the black market, do whatever they want, everybody's happy.
There's nothing more sacred than marriage.
No happier an occasion than one's wedding day.
In Trust?
(to the rabbi) You don't approve of the way I make my living?
You, sir, I respect.
Good.
I'd be grateful.
Let's not talk about it anymore, let's have a good time.
A good doctor, a forgiving priest and a clever accountant.
Thank you.
I want to thank you, sir, for giving me the opportunity to work.
That's great.
That's great, thanks.
God bless you, sir.
You're a good man.
He saved my life.
God bless him.
(right back) He was a metal press operator, quite skilled.
(pause) Thanks for the drink.
Christmas presents.
When my friends ask, I'd love to be able to tell them you treated me with the utmost courtesy and respect.
Good.
Please.
He looks great, though, doesn't he?
(Schindler nods) It's great.
Without planning it, we've reached that happy point in our careers where duty and financial opportunity meet.
But that's good business.
I'd be grateful.
(well aware the man is lying) Thank God she wasn't there.
He's important to my business.
Thank you.
Make me a hinge.
Which is a wonderful crook.
A guy who loves good food, good wine, the ladies, making money...
I don't think he enjoys it.
Amon the Good.
We take from each other, we take from the Army, everybody uses everybody, it works out, everybody's happy.
Come on, let's watch the girls.
I wish you a happy birthday... Thank you.
Thank them for me.
It's good business.
It's good for you -- you'll be compensated.
It's good for the Army.
Everybody's happy.
What's a person worth to you.
What's one worth to you?
Szerwitz, his family.
I'm paying him.
The good list?
Stern is my accountant and friend.
It was a pleasure meeting you.
Pleasure meeting you.
Oskar, good of you to come.
You have a lovely home.
Thank you.
(to Emilie) Wine?
Pistols, rifles, carbines ... (long pause) I'd be grateful.
Good.
Things are great, things are great.
Yeah, that'd be nice, let me get my coat.
Mila's good?
She's good.
Kids are good?
Hey listen.
The boy genius, the brilliant eccentric.
Potassium's much better.
You'll be home Thursday, you'll be in Miami Friday.
Good.
Well, there's about a seventy percent incidence of false-positive latex in You have been reading up.
So we finally got Welbeck around four in the morning.
He's putting out good water now.
Thank you.
I'd like to arrange an ambulance for one-thirty tomorrow afternoon... Thank you... (in background on phone) ...Drummond, first name, Barbara.
I masturbated a great deal.
You've been admiring a lot more than that.
I've been impotent for years.
Well, I'm impotent and proud of it!
Impotence is beautiful, baby! (he raises a militant fist) Power to the Impotent!
Right on, baby! (smiling) Right on.
Good heavens, Welbeck, you shouldn't be brought up before a committee of mere doctors.
We don't want no goddam abortion... Let's... let's get down to the core of this matter.
I hallucinated there was an Indian doing a war dance in here.
(staring through his sedation at her) There was?
Shirley, it was just an ovarian cyst! (off-screen) Oh, thank God. (handing the orderly a slip) All right, Jerry, go up to Holly Six.
Thank you.
The end is at hand!
Hey listen, I got us a bed for tonight.
I put on Dr. Schaefer's uniform, pinched some digoxine from the pharmacy and a sandbag from a utility cart, and found my way to Dr. Ives' laboratory.
Please!
I'm not Drummond, you monkey!
Drummond's the other bed!
He went to lunch.
(to Nurse Chile as others begin moving William Mead's bed out of the room) Give him an ambu bag and an airway.
You... you think you can do a better job, you do it!
Everybody keep cool.
And get the clap?
Since when was that good enough?
I'm staying with a friend.
(smiles) It's not like that, luv.
(looking around) Very nice.
I'll give you the key when you come down.
One of the best.
(standing, pushes the note in his top pocket) Thanks for coming.
Frank was a good bloke.
Behind the dance hall.
(smiles) He was leader of our gang.
Good God!
Funny, that.
Thanks.
On your holidays?
Oh, that's nice.
Well, well.
Small world, isn't it?
(smiling) What are you doing?
(raises an eyebrow) Ha.
Oh yes.
When he came up on business.
He was here for four days.
Well, he drove it into the river.
Good lad.
Where you off to? (smiling) Las Vegas.
Funny.
(She stretches herself out sexily and smiles.)
Stop it, darling.
(looking at Edna) I fancy you.
I wish I was touching you right now... ...making love to you.
When we're in South America, we'll make love in the sun.
Roll over... and make love again... and again...
Good evening.
I'll come and listen.
Why don't you go and make us all a nice cup of tea?
And what you going to do? Make us a nice cup of tea and I'll tell you.
Well now, Thorpey.
Good night, Mrs Brumby.
(smiling) 'Cos I know you wear purple underwear.
No. Do you want breakfast?
(smiling) It'd be best if you got dressed first.
I want to square things with you first.
Oh yes? How? Stuff it!
My girl friend's coming from Liverpool tonight.
Nice surprise, isn't it?
Listen, the only reason I came back to this craphole was to find out who did it.
So where are we going, Princess?
He told me a magic spell that would make you come.
(smiling) And what was that?
A new venture of mine.
Your brother?
'Good.'
Did you all have a good laugh, eh? Did you have a good laugh when he was spewing it up?
They were paying more.
BAPTISTE (cant'd) Your idea of world order is when you're giving the orders to the world.
War is nature.
Thank you.
The 83rd West African Peacekeeping Corp is proud to present, all the way from El Salvador, the newly crowned Miss World, Ava Cordova.
(calling out) My hope is for a piece of your ass! (laughing it off) I don't know if you'll be taking me to bed tonight, darling, but you can take her.
Enjoy the show!
Oh, Boh! (Subtitle: God...God.
(admiring a new gun) We're making terrific progress - most casualties from avalanches and frostbite.
Truce.
You can't be fucking friends.
(into phone) The Angel King will arrive tomorrow...Hallelujah to you too.
That's good!
Everybody look innocent--now!
For Jack, glory was the prize.
Nice job.
Seven: Don't forget that the success of a radical group in one country can inspire a radical group in a neighboring country.
You can't force someone to tall in love with you but you can sure make ita damn sight easier.
(smiling at his irreverence) I would be if half the photographers had their way.
(glance to her champagne flute) Business is good.
We married in a synagogue to make my father happy.
Good boy! That's my grandson.
It's a rescue helicopter.
You're a humanitarian?
I can see how certain people might interpret it as suspicious but thank God we live in a world where suspicion alone does not constitute a crime.
Ava-- Hey, baby.
That's a good one.
(feigning surprise) Fantastic.
I'll kiss him goodnight.
I'm officially an artist!
She was a beautiful bird in a gilded cage.
How are you, brother?
(fishing out the damp baubles) Yuri, they're beautiful.
(to the Driver) This is good.
Sierra Leone - 1999 I was now the best merchant of death alive.
Plus, they're cleaner-- --and a lot of them speak better English.
(surveying the blood-spattered room) I'll get you another room with a nicer view.
(laughs) A mixture - cocaine and gunpowder.
It's magic.
Why? (laughing) Because it's your gunpowder.
More good news.
(a smile, for once correcting Yuri) "Witch-hunt".
That would be fun.
You trust me, right?
But then I'd never been tailed by the woman I love.
It's good money.
Sun umbrellas.
Important?! It's the first time the streamliner stopped here in four years.
Thanks.
The others -- they're spoken for, rented to cowboys, ranch hands... (Macreedy listens respectfully) They pay by the month.
For when they come into town.
(with a grin) Thanks.
G-A-N-D-I.
(smiles faintly) Hector, you're jumpy as a stall horse.
As it happens, I'm the host.
What were you celebrating?
Makes for gracious living.
(as he studies it) This is liable to be the hardest ten dollars you ever earned in your life.
Doc, for the first time in four years, gets snotty with me.
Your sister, with the rocks in her head?
Funny thing.
(solemnly) Good.
What's so funny?
They sprint in here, fog-heaved with excitement, lugging nuggets, big and bright and shiny.
Easy.
How about to Komako? (meeting Macreedy's eyes) I never seen Komako in my life.
(loudly, after a beat) You're a yellow-bellied Jap lover.
What's so funny?
You got a big mouth, boy, makin' accusations, disturbin' the peace.
Now listen... I... 'm getting Macreedy out of town... (into phone) I don't care about Smith!
You'd be saving two lives, Liz.
(with a half smile) I'll never forgive you, Doc... (he gestures toward Hector, out cold) ...for depriving me of that pleasure.
Well, that's not enough.
Get him now! (easily) First things first, honey.
Write a little country music, decline invites to grand social events, drink myself to sleep -- the usual.
He thinks it's fun.
Good girl.
How's next Wednesday?
Next Wednesday it is, Phil.
It's going to be fine.
Sleeping beauty is awake.
I don't need to calm down.
This better be good.
Special occasion -- I'm celebrating how proud I am of my husband tonight.
I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming.
(voice rising) I'm dreaming, I'm dreaming -- Rise and shine, ladies!
Rise and shine now.
Easy now, it's okay.
I'm calm now, look -- I'm calm -- !
Did I make it to your place?
Promise.
You two engaged in a kiss at one point.
Thank you kindly.
I wouldn't raise a hand at my husband for the life of me.
Sounds to me like last night she actually re-lived them in great detail.
Hypermnesis following amnesia.
My daughter.
(beat) And she finally succeeded.
So whatever you are, whatever it is I'm making up here -- I'm letting you go, I'm setting you free.
The scariest gift God gave us is our minds.
Thank you, thank you, thank you. ... Weather forecasters predict heavy winds tonight as a major thunderstorm rolls in tomorrow.
I'll be on my merry way now.
And make it good.
Phil, thank God -- this guy's driving me nuts!
Welcome to my life.
It's gonna be an interesting night.
This proves that her story is true: my daughter appeared to her in some form and guided her through all this, putting things right.
For the record, that girl is on a ventilator.
Help you?
Thanks, guys.
Hey, it's a big place.
Life goes on.
But I believe given the proper circumstances a person is capable of anything -- certainly in my line of work you see it day in, day out.
You know, this could be a positive experience for you guys.
There's a wonderful world out there when we discover we don't need TV to entertain us.
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
Yeah, heh heh.
Heh heh.
Yeah, heh heh.
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
Ya know, the most important thing you can have on a camper is a good propane regulator, and this here's the best one they make.
Now! NNNNDAMMIT!!! (crazed) Heh heh.
Heh Teee Veee.
TeeeVeeeee, heh heh.
Heh heh, thanks.
Heh heh.
Yeah, heh heh.
This way, sirs.
We gotta start stealin' from rich people.
Note: I would like this to be a well-known band (Red Hot Chili Peppers) doing their best imitation of a modern Las Vegas lounge act.
Ten grand?
I got a better deal for ya.
I'm ready for love.
(listens) Washington, D.C.? (mulls it over) Perfect.
Are we gonna score now?
We're finally gonna score.
Heh heh.
Thank God.
(sexy) Boys... (shouts) Boys!!!
But first, you hafta do a little job for me.
This is gonna be cool.
I'm so glad you're here.
(to man in next seat) Jim, I want you to meet two nice boys.
Pleased to meet ya, Mr. Head.
Ooh is that a promise?
Damn! Heh heh hmm heh.
You boys better show up.
You see what I see, Bork?
Well, sir it's not good.
The X-5 unit is a new top-secret biological weapon, a manmade virus...
Heh heh heh.
It's...incredible...! It's incredible!... Huh huh huh.
That's amazing!
Heh heh heh.
This is the coolest thing I have ever seen.
Heh hmm heh heh.
Hey, baby.
Heh heh heh.
Cool, huh huh.
Yeah, heh heh hmm.
Now?! Yeah! Heh heh hmm heh.
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
That's better.
That would be cool.
Whoa, my life is cool!
This is gonna be cool.
Heh heh heh.
Yeah, heh heh I scored.
Whoa, this is cool!
Heh heh.
It's like, everything looks all weird and... ...and... Whoa!...and it's like there's all these weird shapes and it's sort of like,...it's like...like a MUSIC VIDEO!!!
I am God of Hellfire and I bring you...(music begins) Fire... Whoa!!!
Heh heh heh.
Ah'm gonna enjoy this.
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
We're gonna meet her there and, you know, heh heh hmmm... Washington!
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
This should help you relax.
Heh heh.
Welcome to the White House.
Many of the portraits you see were saved from the fire set by the British in 1814... Heh heh.
Heh heh heh.
(sotto) Where are ya when we need ya Ike... (to Marcy) I tell ya what, Honey, with all we been through, it don't change a thing.
This is the greatest country on earth... (adjusting his glasses) Say, that looks like... Nah, it couldn't be.
(raising hands) Mr. Secretary!
I am the great Cornholio!
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
(Beavis) Heh heh, this is cool.
Heh heh heh.
But someone very special wants to give his thanks.
You exemplify a fine new crop of young Americans who will grow into the leaders of this great country.
Heh heh.
This guy's cool.
In recognition for your great service, I'm appointing you honorary agents in the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
Heh heh.
We're gonna score!
Heh heh.
Heh heh.
Tomorrow morning we put our friends under the lamp.
Well I ain't got nothin' to do with that.
NOW I ain't a rat! Easy, Bud.
Go easy.
(more dishes) Help... My baby...my baby... (to Cobb) Toss everything.
(smiles) So how you like Baton Rouge?
I'll make bond.
(smiles) Oh... Excuse me.
Lookin' to live a life that ain't AB.
Not guilty, Your Honor.
Congratulations.
Well my word counts.
Good to see you out.
The good Lord ridin' shotgun, through another glorious Louisiana mornin'.
(no longer smiling) That's good.
Bud, this is Special Agent, Martin Fitch.
Time to raise a family.
New Orleans.
That's why it pays.
You been made, Bud.
My resources.
Now, I'd love to point to Local on this.
It's clean.
Look, Carter, whether we like it or not, you and I have to work together on this.
For God sakes, listen to me!
You best start collectin' scalps.
Sittin' on AB activity.
Everything good?
Everything's fine.
Thanks.
Bud, that's crazy!
Get the place surrounded!
First things first.
Their elder sisters Betty and Etty take their places at table The boys made a camp with a camp- fire Oh! Sneak!
In the summer house but Brodie put it out.
Parslow enters with the turreen Thank-you Parslow.
Soup du jour, sir The children smile at Parslow's air of earnest formality but the atmosphere even among the younger kids is sombre and subdued.
Bless this family and the food we eat.
Amen.
(To Parslow) Tell Mr Davies it was delicious, but my stomach is not quite right yet.
The story of me when I was small.
(affectionately) What are you doing?
Smiles at my smile" I should add that she is musical.
On the Beagle, quite, often we would drop a flask in the ocean and find it teeming with living particles which glowed in the night ....so much beauty for so little purpose.
(smiling) Ma'am.
Welcome.
Welcome Ring the two milky pouters.
Then her smile falters as another man emerges from the coach behind him.
Emma smiles brightly, covering for her embarrassment at her husband's increasingly erratic behavior.
Sir, Is it true when you were in the Himalayas you were imprisoned by the king of Sikkim?
I have my heart set on a cup of tea and one of Mrs Davies' scones.
Please.
In which the whole story of creation can be read.
A "family tree" of barnacles stretching back 300 million years to the time it was a free swimming prawn!.
If we but had the complete fossil record we could trace all life back to one speck of protoplasm.
Joseph Hooker we know is too nice a chap to do it.
You are a fine and brilliant man who hates to give offence - an admirable quality - wish I had it myself.
The laws of nature.
You did not tell him about your health.
Each little flower that opens, Each little bird that sings, He made their glowing colors, He made their tiny wings.
Thank-you.
The children bunch up to gaze on a strange and wonderful sight.
In a little sun-dappled clearing a weasel is turning loop the loops in a strange spiralling dance for the benefit of... ...a young rabbit, which sits utterly hypnotized by the performance.
At first its strange and amusing, then the dance becomes more sinister.
The weasel advancing by tiny increments as it tumbles in the air, finally The weasel seizes the bunny rabbit by the back of the neck and shakes it savagely.
He sinks to his knees, heedless of the mud on his Sunday best worsted, embracing her.
Its the way of the world.
....but still it is extraordinary, do you not think, that a weasel should learn to dance the polka.
Good-night Lenny.
Good-night Frankie Good-night Betty.
Good-night George Good-night Etty.
Good-night Willy Good-night Annie Dear Charles Dearest Emma "Loving she is, and tractable though wild.
To dignify arch looks and laughing eyes; And feats of cunning; and the pretty round Of trespasses, affected to provoke Mock chastisement, and partnership in play" (smiling) Then we were wrong.
It was made a hundred millions years ago, when this cliff was a coral reef and Down village was a swamp full of great crocodiles.
No. Annie arrives, hopping nimbly over the rocks still in her wet swimsuit Yes you do.
When he came to tea and showed us drawings of his Iguanodon.
Oh yes.
I am one week into the great project and I feel at last that it is real.
Please.
Kent champion two years running.
Well animacules are not persons.
Annie enjoys the joke and gives Darwin a weak smile.
Then I shall bid you good day.
She can be treated daily, as I was.
Thank God you are still with us.
No. Simply the great relief of liberation.
(Then) Charles I have read the first Chapters.
It is brilliant.
Then come back and finish the book.
Your enemies are already toasting their good fortune but they shall not prevail.
Who will look after the others.
Annie... Mama...
She clasps Emma's hand.
Emma holds fast to Annies hand and follows behind You will see Mamma when you are better.
Brodie (shouts back) Mama!
Show me your palm.
Envision how?
She smiles.
Its ten shillings for a reading by the way.
Finally, the land-lady emerges from her parlour.
I am happy to pay.
The truth, how wonderful and extraordinary our daughter was.... (through the door) I know that.
That I should have kept Annie warm that day on the beach.
He kisses her hair, her eyes, her tear-streaked cheeks... Rain continues to batter the house outside Inside Darwin and Emma make love, with a kind of wild desperation, their clothes strewn all over the floor, clinging to each other like castaways in a storm.
He is possessed of a new sense of calm and purpose, the pen gliding fluently across the page.
Darwin completes the Chapter headed "variation under domestication" and begins on a fresh sheet of paper.
Crocuses are pushing up through the flower beds.
Once there was a man Who, while travelling in South America, came apon a beautiful and dangerous idea.
Finally he opens the lid and offers the creature a biscuit.
It has grown a bit larger and made itself a nest.
But finally they caught them all, and bundled them in a blanket and he asked his wife to dispose of them as she saw fit.
Annie listens entranced.
High shot, looking down on EMMA as she watches the birds wheeling round and round in the sky above.
Darwin sits in his study window, watching a great flock of birds wheeling in the sky outside, the whole flock forming an ever-changing shape from the movement of its tiny component parts.
Jesus, don't make me laugh!
Good morning, Jack.
Now, the place I want to show you, is a sweet little house and a sweet little setting.
Simple, clean lines, good lawns, marvelous for children.
Sweet isn't it?
Oh, yes.
Good.
There's an art to survival at Knox.
I think you're the most interesting person I've ever met.
Listen: you were swell.
And I love you... Now wait here till I call you.
I have had the most wonderful idea.
Our whole existence here is based on this great premise that we're somehow very special and superior to the whole thing, and you know what I've realized...? We're not!
When I first met you, there was nothing in the world you couldn't do or be.
But Frank, listen to me: It's what you are that's being stifled here.
Don't you know...? You're the most valuable and wonderful thing in the world... You're a man.
Good to see your shining face.
Thank you.
...It's a great city.
Gee, it sounds wonderful, kids.
Oh God, I'm so relieved.
Please.
The snow on the fields, the trees.
The first time you made love to me.
(warm) Frank.
A million dollar smile and about three pounds of muscle between his ears.
...Horse's ass.
Good to see you.
The nice young Wheelers are taking off! ...John, please.
A different way of life.
I love you so much.
Well, sir, it sounds exciting.
A man only gets a couple chances in life.
I guess your Dad would have been real proud, huh? (surprised she remembered) Huh.
I love you Frank.
...I love you too.
Look, the point is - we could be happy here.
You make all this money and we have this interesting life here.
Come on, April.
Please.
We can't have the baby in Paris.
I don't care where we live!
You know what's so good about the truth?
I love my children.
For years I thought we shared a secret...that we would be wonderful in the world.
You're a terrific couple, everyone says so.
I saw a different life.
I love you.
It's beautiful out.
Yes; it's lovely.
Can't we just take each day as it comes, and do the best we can, and not feel we have to talk about everything all the time?
You know God damn well you love me!
I can't tell you how pleased I am.
Good morning.
Good morning.
It's kinda nice having breakfast without the kids for a change.
Isn't this the day you have your conference with Pollock? (surprised) Yes.
Listen, though, April; this was really nice...
Really; I don't know when I've ever had a -- a nicer breakfast.
Thank you... I'm glad; I enjoyed it too.
Have a good day.
This evening would be great.
Just give them - you know, give them each a kiss for me, and give them my love, and tell them - you know...
Thanks.
Such wonderful people.
We'll have a lot of laughs.
Oh, and your sister called to say she's going to Tucson to do some buying and she'll be gone the whole weekend and... Wow! Hot as fresh milk!
Tomorrow's the day!
My sweet little girl... (laughs as Mary looks up at him) Not you, my daughter!
(puts deed copy into Cassidy's too-close hand) I'm buying this house for my baby's wedding present.
(laughs, winks, elbows Lowery) And now it's yours.
(laughs) (hastily interrupting) Suppose we just put this in the safe and then Monday morning when you're feeling good... Speakin' of feeling good, where's that bottle you said you had in your desk... (laughs, as if having given away Lowery's secret) Oops! (to Mary, patting her arm) Usually I can keep my mouth shut!
He was flirting with you.
You need a week-end in Las Vegas... playground of the world!
I'm going to spend this week-end in bed.
(almost a smile) Frankly, yes.
Why? Please.
Thank you, Mr. Bates.
Thank you.
All right, you get your dresses hanging out and... change those wet shoes, and I'll come for you soon as it's ready... (starts out) ...with my trusty umbrella.
(he laughs a small laugh, runs off) No! I tell you no!
Eating in an office... (a rueful smile) ...to officious, even for me.
You're very... kind.
I'll see you in the morning.
I'll bring you breakfast.
Dawn.
I was in Tucson over the weekend...
Look, if you two are in this thing together, I don't care, it's none of my business...
Who are you, friend?
Why? (An almost amused smile) Must've needed it.
Today's linen day.
I change all the beds once a week, whether they've been used or not... dampness.
(forcing a smile) I didn't think the police went searching for people who weren't in trouble.
Please.
(more relaxed, because Arbogast is listening with a pleasant smile) I shouldn't even bother to change the linen.
(Turns to Norman, the smile gone) Was she in disguise?
Dawn.
The following morning.
How did she pay you?
Patience doesn't run in our family.
(a quick smile at Lila) Al wants to be sure he'll hear it if anyone rings it in the middle of the night.
(a tiny wait, a smile as Sam and Lila enter) Al Chambers!
She's been here for a few days, looking for her sister.
Have you two had breakfast?
Come over and do the reporting at the house, 'round dinner time.
Make it nicer.
Alive.
(A tiny smile, first in hours) I believe it.
Satisfied with your cabin?
I was a happy child.
My mother and I... we were more than happy.
In a new town!
The girl you came with!
Make two trips?
I gave you three months worth.
Well, I've got your stone fragments from the Road to Damascus, dust from the Dead Sea Scrolls -- oh, you'll love this -- Screech beetle from Mount Sinai.
Gold was blessed by the Bishop Anicott during the Crusades.
You're alive.
Thanks.
You're good, Angela, real good but one of these days... (heard it before) I know, nobody's luck lasts forever.
So we good here?
She jumped.
It can't be that simple.
No wonder the Boss is in such a good mood.
First come, first served.
It's more than that... first the girl, then this.
Welcome to my life.
Please?
My sister always talked about a world better than this.
Please.
Alive.
He comes over here, makes a run at the entire menu and pow -- deflates like a fricken Macy's day balloon.
They were friends.
You'd start a sentence, she'd finish it.
It paints a different view of Revelations, says that the world will not come to an end at the hand of God but be reborn in the embrace of the damned.
Because you open up to that world, you're inviting whatever's out there back in.
Please...
You see them -- they see you.
To be welcomed into the kingdom of God?
'May the merciful God have mercy on you and grant you the pardon of all your sins...' 'Whosoever sins you remit on earth they are remitted unto them in heaven.
Well now there's a premonition.
Where is your pride?
Holy water!
I am seeking to inspire humankind to be all that was intended.
Good thinking... You've had it too easy for too long.
You never deserved to be blessed.
No, I'm giving you the chance to rise above the suffering and truly earn the love of God.
The sacrifice!! No!!!! THIS ONE You will live, John Constantine, you will live so you'll have the chance to prove that your soul truly belongs in Hell.
Human...
End my life.
Be the hand of God! ... and I'll be condemned again... Do it!
I'm happy again..." ..."I'm laughing at clouds, so dark up above..." ..."The sun's in my heart and I'm ready for love..." ..."Let the cloudy skies chase..." ..."I'm singin' in the mud, just scooping up my worms..." (broken Russian) Good day.
He was very lucky.
Sounds big.
A new species created by man's recklessness.
But there's no animal in the world that can make prints like that?
The French finally released it.
Nice to meet you.
And you're beautiful...
So have dinner with me tonight.
Great Pedro Bluff, Jamaica Three years digging up worms in Chernobyl?
Well, I think you're cute.
Thanks.
Audrey, you're too damned nice, that's your problem.
Nice gets you nothin' in this town.
Nice guys finish last.
He was my college sweetie!
He looks so handsome on t.v.
I'd like to thank you all for coming out on this beautiful New York City day.
Find me a damned story, will ya!
And now you live the glamorous life of Caiman's assistant.
Girl, I'm surprised he didn't ask you to marry him.
They've agreed to evacuate the city.
Great stuff, Animal.
Damned right, you crazy Wop! People!
Great.
The warm feeling of helping your fellow man.
You call this coffee?
(French accent) It is good.
I'm happy for you.
I have this theory that we're inadvertently creating new species as a direct result of what we've done to nature.
You owe me a breakfast.
It's good.
It's the French Secret Service.
I love my country.
We are here to clean it up.
This is fantastic.
(into radio) Everyone, outside!
Great.
What gives?
You better see this.
(into phone) That's correct, I want you to blow up Madison Square Garden.
Reporting live from Madison Square Garden, this is Audrey Timmonds, That's my girl.
The good news is they got the message.
Somehow I never thought your life was this exciting.
We are red and free.
I just wanted to say, au revoir and thank you for your help, my friend.
Bless you, my descendants.
Too red for Bellatrix.
(stands up in raft) We've had a nice snooze.
(loudly to the others) We've enough food and water for three days.
(smiling at Landon) You've turned gray.
You'll sleep better.
(harshly, to Landon) You're more than three hundred light years from your precious planet.
Chalk up another victory for the human spirit!
You read me well enough.
I'm nothing more than a vet in this laboratory... (o.s.)
Good morning, Dr. Zira.
Good morning, Julius.
Well, Bright Eyes, is our throat feeling better?
It's remarkable!
Can't you see that? (o.s.) Good morning, Your Excellency.
Bright Eyes, show him!
An animal?
He can be taught a few simple tricks.
(o.s.) Yes, thank you. (pause, her voice much closer) Bright Eyes? (o.s.)
I've got a present for you.
That's Bright Eyes.
What's so special about him?
(to Taylor) Hello, Bright Eyes.
(excited) Look -- she remembers.
Zira, listen to me.
We've got a fine future ahead of us.
Marriage.
It's a pleasure to see you again.
Why special?
We HEAR a murmur of ape voices and LAUGHTER.
Cherished husband, beloved father, generous master -- yes, he was a font of simian kindness.
You asked for the opportunity to present your case.
He is being disposed of.
Dr. Zira -- tell Bright Eyes to sit down.
It says here that his name is Bright Eyes.
Make the animal be quiet.
But certain young cynics have chosen to study man - yes, perverted scientists who advance on insidious theory called 'evolution.'
Did we create his mind too?
Tell us, Bright Eyes, why do men have no souls?
(reading aloud) 'I have come to you from a planet in a different solar system.
(glancing again at document) You also state that Bright Eyes had two intelligent companions at the time of his capture.
And his other companion?
Mr. President, I believe the Prosecutor has reassembled all he surviving humans captured in the hunt along with Bright Eyes.
At the moment your simian friends -- and sponsors -- are free on bail.
In a way, you performed a service for the State ... (smiling) Because your hearing made it possible for us to expose Zira and Cornelius.
presence with disapproval.
(sudden smile) Here.
A touch of the sun?
On this planet -- it's easy.
(pointing off) But up there, in the face of that Cliff, is a vast cave -- and in that cave a fabulous treasure of fossils and artifacts.
352- Present your evidence, Cornelius.
Good.
Then tell them Dr. Zaius won't leave here alive.
(Calmly) Oh yes he can.
(wintry smile) And now you know the truth.
You owe him your science, your language, whatever knowledge you have.
Let him not breed in great numbers, for he will make a desert of his home and yours.
(a smile) And my nose.
That of an animal.
Dr. Zira, I'd like to kiss you good-bye.
(half smile) That's an old expression.
God bless you.
From the evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk hand in hand with his idiocy.
No, do not do your business on the petunias!
Good boy.
Whoops.
Oh, it works so good.
I am not gonna lie--I enjoyed that.
Hilarious.
Agent Wilde... Oh, me now...? Um, recently an entire top secret lab disappeared from the Arctic Circle.
Aaah! Oh! Hmm, you usually don't see that in bunnies.
I am developing a line of delicious jams and jellies.
Oh, attitude!
So thanks, but no thanks.
Good day, Mr. Sheepsbutt!
Look, I probably shouldn't be saying this, but your work as a villain was kind of amazing, so if you ever want to get back to doing something awesome--give us a call.
Yeah, well, she is a nutjob.
No! No! Oh, we're making great progress!
Listen, Gru.
It's a great opportunity for me, bigger lab, more evil, full dental... Very well.
The highest honor awarded.
Yes, it's for his own good.
Aaaaaah!!! What is that?! Good morning, girls!
Ooh, Gollum!
Aw come on, it's fun.
Yes, I have been recruited by a top secret agency to go undercover and save the world!
You're gonna be a spy?! That's right, baby!
Awesome!
I'm your new partner.
Yay! What?! No, no "yay."
And I'm new, so I kind of have to do what they tell me anyway.
Oh! Buenos dias, my friends!
Now open for breakfast.
Yes, that's good, because I'm telling you--if anybody in this place has the PX-41 serum... ...it's him.
So...hugs, kisses... (hugs and kisses them) ...good night, sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs blah-blah-blah-blah- blah-- But you said you'd help me practice my part for the Mother's Day show!
I really liked the way you smiled at the end.
Thanks, Gru! Hey! Alright, hey, hey-- No, no, no, no! Hey, please!
Ha! Booby!
(gleefully giggling) Oh, this is going to be good!
Boc! Who would do this to such a sweet little chicken?
Plus you love her.
(sings) You love her, you love her, you really really love her, and you're gonna get married, and I will be the flower girl, and-- Okay, stop!
Bye! Bye, Gru! Ha, ha, ha! Kids...right?
They're...funny.
Whoa! Cool glasses.
Care to join me?
(chuckles) Welcome to Eagle Hair Club.
(chuckles) When someone moves into the mall who is follically challenged, I make it my business to know all about them.
There you go, my sweet.
Wow, this looks interesting.
I take it you're an art lover?
Look, they're in love!
Oh, no, no, no! Do not say that they are...no no no, no! ...and my dream is to one day play video games for a living.
Cool! Awesome!
So good to see you again, mi compadre!
He likes me!
How's the food?
Well, good night, partner.
This was fun.
You look much better bald.
Cinco de May-yay-yo! Whoa!
This place is awesome!
Let's party.
Agnes, easy on the churros.
(laughs) You are a funny man.
It's Cinco De Mayo! (to girls) Come on!
They're starting the dance!
Enjoy the party.
Aha! Ha ha ha-- (in pain) Oh! Ouch! Say what?
Ha ha ha ha ha! That's a good joke.
(to everyone) Thank you, Gru stewardess!
You're welcome!
You have not lost your touch, my friend.
Ha ha!
Dr. Nefario? Nice to see you, Gru.
This-- So, this is your new job opportunity?
And here's the best part!
(beat) We can do it together!
(excitedly) So, are you in? Woo-hoo!
Stay focused here!
Run! Up that tree!
Hello, Gru! Hey, hey! Nice work, Dr. Nefario!
(beat) I mean, I'm happy to create an evil army to destroy the world, but nobody messes with my family.
Thank you, Doctor!
Oh, this ain't a jelly gun, sunshine.
Uh, better make it quick!
She braids my hair.
We love you mothers, everywhere!
To the bride and Gru! Blaaaaah!
So you'll pay them?
Oh, thank you, God.
Give it to me.
Now, my family have nothing.
Please.
So pay them, then.
A kid from New Hampshire.
Yeah, Paul, he's alive.
That's...that's good.
Good.
You make video!
Make video now!
Mountain View Nursing Home.
That's good.
Okay! Okay, I'll make the video.
Thanks and have a great day.
I love you...I love you.
Please.
They're alive?
Please.
Oh thank God. Oh dear God, thank you.
I love you so much.
I love you so, so much.
I love you, too.
Sweetie, I don't care.
I love you.
I love you.
Please!!!
(grins) MacReady ain't going nowhere.
Bunkered in till spring.
Pawn takes queen at knight four.
Come to help you!! Give me a hand.
(wincing) Holy shit... Christ... ...Laboratory.
Doin' fine.
Blair, I'd like you and Fuchs to help me with autopsies on this one and the one Garry shot this morning.
This is where they were spending most of their time.
I mean they taught the Incas everything they knew... Cool it, Palmer!! Read von Daniken!
Whatever that Norwegian dog was... It...
It was a life form that was able to imitate and reproduce, whatever it ate or absorbed, cell for cell.
And the horse you rode in on, Fuchs.
Now go easy on me, Esperanza.
Rook takes bishop at Queen four -- Rook take pawn at Queen two -- Rook takes Queen at Queen one -- Checkmate.
He smashed one of the choppers up good.
Chopper aren't going to be ready for days.
Get these things out of supply and meet me over by the snowmobiles.
That's good enough.
Closed it.
I hear funny things out here.
I promise!
I'm much better now!
I'll be good!!
My babies.
They're alive.
No one's that strong, boy!
We better start closing off the outside hatchways.
You been made, MacReady.
It's cool, man.
We ain't near you, man... Stay cool... Yeah, man, really.
Bring the others, too... (grins menacingly) From now on no one gets out of my sight.
God... what...? Get out of the way!!
For your health.
(shaken, facetious) Thank you.
Looks good.
And it's like all over the place... Calm down and get in your position.
Come on, join me for a drink.
Be good for you.
You better make your move...
Spiffy little toy you had there.
Oh baby, baby.
Over at Love, this hooker took on the whole garage.
What, you thought they had good news for people, right?
But it's a good thing to have.
(pause) nice to meet ya, Travis.
I'm great.
First, he's not Italian.
With the other hand, right?
Because you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
People have patterns.
Some of your fares must be interesting.
(laughs) What hours do you work?
(big affectionate smile) it keeps ya busy.
(smiles) I'm no pusher, Betsy.
Quarter is good tip for Manhattan.
Queens is better, Brooklyn is best.
You said you didn't feel so good...
"You're only as healthy as you feel."
Right in her, cabbie.
This here's Easy Andy.
(he hefts the .38)
He'll, I'll give you the holster, we'll make it seventy-five and you've got a deal - a good one.
Well, I'm shovin' on.
Thanks.
Betsy, come over here a moment.
See? See there?
(beat) And I'm good with crowds.
I live at 13 1/2 Hopper Avenue, Fair Lawn, New Jersey.
Great, hey.
Easy Lay.
That's a nice name.
(getting up) Can I see you again?
Thank you, Travis.
(a beat) Sweet Iris.
You better damn well spend it right.
A lot of girls come into my cab, some of them very beautiful.
So I figure the best I can do for them is not bother them at all.
It would be great for you.
Oh, baby, there ain't no flu.
You got a woman who loves you, who needs you, a woman who keeps you strong.
We can do it, baby.
(applause) On to victory in Miami Beach next month (building applause) and on to victory next November!
Hey, Sport.
(needling him) How are things in the pimp business, hey Sport?
HOGENMILLER vanishes in a burst of LIGHT, as does the table, the coffee pot, and the conference room.
Reluctantly starts to follow it.
Young.
60s, handsome, charismatic.
Welcome to U.S. Robotics, Detective.
But these days science is a young man's game.
By the time you hit thirty your best years are behind you.
Dr. Hogenmiller took his own life.
And with a gesture, Robertson dismisses everyone.
Calm down, Detective.
My God -- did you see how it moved?
FOCUSING in on his HAND.
Spooner springing to his feet.
Spoken like a true robo-phile.
Gleaming.
Finally spotting what he was looking for.
That's helpful.
Staring straight ahead.
The U.S.R. camp, looking especially pleased.
Welcome to the great American cover- up.
Sees LANNING, ARONSON, and CALVIN walking ahead of him...
A scientist builds a robot that acts like a man.
A stunning success.
An illusion of life.
Making a rush for the Robots when... SPOONER'S HAND.
Suitcase in hand.
The sound, DEAFENING.
There's a hunger for progress, Detective.
From a new perspective.
Shining a FLASHLIGHT on it.
Victor.
Victor, smiling.
It should be an interesting experience... Spooner.
The sound of the Killer Robot behind them...GNASHING...CRUNCHING... Victor's smiling FACE.
Together we started studying evolutionary trends...
With Sonny, the Doctor created a mechanism that incorporates organic matter.
He hurdles the Grand Canyon!
Yes, as Muntz himself says: "Adventure is--" "Adventure is out there!" Look out!
It's a beautiful day, winds out of the east at ten knots.
Awwww, it's a puppy!
Welcome aboard.
I saw where your balloon went.
Cross your heart.
My Adventure Book!
Cross your heart!
Cross your heart.
Good.
You promised.
Hey! `Morning, Mr. Fredricksen!
Morning gentlemen.
Good morning, Mr. Fredricksen.
I found the snipe and I followed it under your porch, but this snipe had a long tail and looked more like a large mouse.
Wow, you going on a trip?
This is great!
...warm air goes by cool air, and the airs go by each other and that's how we get lightning.
That's nice, kid.
(shrugs it off) This is fun already, isn't it?
My mom loves that game!
Oh, for the love of Pete.
Ha! Gotcha!
Nice snipe.
Good little snipe.
Nice... ...giant snipe!
Mr. Fredricksen is nice!
Hey! That's mine!
You come down here right now! Sheesh!
Cool! What do these do, boy?
I am a great tracker.
I am a great tracker, did I mention that?
Chocolate.
Yeah, your voice sounds funny!
Mayhaps you desire to challenge the ranking that I have been assigned by my strength and cunning?
Ha ha ha.
You are wise, my trusted Lieutenant.
Hey, your voice sounds funny.
That man there says I can take the bird and I love that man there like he is my master.
Cross my heart.
Morning Sweetheart.
Her babies!
Her house is over there in those twisty rocks.
This was her favorite chocolate.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
But if you need to borrow a cup of sugar, I'd be happy to oblige!
Well, you're a man of good taste!
Most of the collection is housed in the world's top museums: New York, Munich, London... `Course I kept the best for myself.
Oh yes, the Arsinoitherium.
Oh, surprise me.
Yeah! That's my new giant bird pet.
She likes chocolate.
Chocolate?
These people who pass through here, they all tell pretty good stories.
That's the best one yet.
It's been a wonderful evening, but we'd better be going.
No, the boy's right.
Epsilon here makes a delicious Cherries Jubilee.
I finally meet my childhood hero and he's trying to kill us!
My dad made it sound so easy.
He's really good at camping, and how to make fire from rocks and stuff.
We want her in good shape for my return.
Nice talking with you.
I'm gonna get there first!
Ha ha! He's in Hall D! He's in Hall B! It's the old man!
(high pitched voice) No! No! Stop your laughing!
Get this off of me! Listen you dog! Sit! Yes, Alpha.
Chocolate!
A little gift from me to you.
For Extreme Mountaineering Lore... Congratulations, Jimmy.
(hands badge to dad) For Wild Animal Defensive Arts... Congratulations, Brandon.
People who do things are important.
Thanks.
(he stares at the lighter, impressed) Elegant.
Too friendly.
There's a new cure for that.
(grinning) And I can do it.
(moving in) When's the wedding?
(happily) This is wonderful -- having your company all the way to New York.
(proud of his perspicacity) Am I right?
(pleased) See? You'll have to lunch with me.
(bitterly) He finally gave up.
You always smile when your picture is being taken for the papers.
To have my baby and be with you.
I'm coming to Washington to have my baby.
They look fine.
Thanks.
(smiling) About blowing up the White House?
(his eyes dancing) I was only kidding, Ma.
(pleased again) I brought you a little present.
(forcing a smile) Brazen woman.
(stiffly) Good evening, sir.
Good of you to be so prompt, Mr. Haines.
Thank you, sir.
(apologetically) Unfortunately, I remember very little about the journey from New York...You see, there had been a little celebration -- But we were sitting opposite each other in the observation car!
You were singing a song about a goat -- (incredulously) A goat? (urgently) And calculus.
Hello, darling.
Very likely.
I would suggest, Guy, for your own peace of mind, of course, that you work here at the house for a few days.
I'm looking forward to it.
This thing will be cleared up by that time.
It's a good thing for you I don't report that to the chief.
Doesn't that bloodhound over relax?
Since you told Barbara Burton about the icebox, you're her favorite charity.
(grinning) Cute kid.
(to new arrival) Thank you so much, Mr. Lindsay.
We'll look forward to it.
And, Senator, can you imagine being able to smell a flower on the planet of Mars?
(to Senator) So nice to see you, my dear Senator.
A friend of the Darvilles.
(laughs) Good heavens, no! (playfully) Ah ah! (shaking a finger at her) Are you sure?
Ah! That's better, that's better.
I have a wonderful Idea!
No, I have the best way, and the best tools.
(he holds out his hands and shows them) Simple, silent, and quick.
(giggles) Well, it's not for long.
Your friend Hennessy's watching us.
I'll make that little visit to father.... (listens a moment) Tonight.
(smiles grimly at Guy's surprise) I was about to tell you that over the phone.
Much better.
Nobody sleeps that sound.
Another pause, then:) Yes, darling, yes.
Please.
Thank you, Valdez.
Look, it sounds great, but-- I hear you.
Make it five million-- (a new placard: 5 MILLION) that is, if the board agrees ... Good, it's unanimous.
Are you EES's "Man in Santa Flan?" My kids just loved you in "Hey Dude Three: The Final Countdown."
Yah-ha-ha!
You used to be good!
To the right of the aircraft, you can see a great view of the Grand Canyon.
World famous for loud music and hot sex!
And you are... Elijah C. Skuggs, proud proprietor of Skugg's Fabulous Freak Land and Mutant Emporium.
God I love the Family Circus!
It's amazing.
(points at Julie) Ladies first!
Feast your eyes!
The first of a whole new generation of superfreaks!
HA-HA- (he pauses and looks closer at Rick) Wait a minute.
Ha ha hahahaha!
But who was the star?
Circle gets the square.
The Bearded Lady! (gruff and masculine) How ya' doin.
Juan taught me to channel my anger for the common good.
At first, the transformation was fabulous.
I first came here as a tourist, looking for some fun... Anyway, then Elijah turned me into a sock.
He's got a hand under there!
And when I won first prize, they never called me pudding-head again.
You must turn your hardship into inspiration!
You better go out there now! (determined, inspired) I'll be right there.
I'm saved!
Rick, Rick, listen, I really love this new look you've come up with.
Now that's entertainment.
Listen, Beast Boy, the games are a simple diversion.
Look, Juan's a good dog, a smart dog.
Be a pal, and give me a hand will ya?
Gee, I love eggnog!
Good work, Eye and Eye.
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
(to the others) Come on.
I'm made of stone!
Aha-hee-hee-ho-ho-har-har-har!
It says it's strong enough for a man!
Alright guys, listen up-- We're done for!
It's the end of the world!
Wow, Rick, you're a genius!
They're hilarious!
Yap! Listen Scrap.
Yap! Good boy! Now go!
Mmmm! Glorious!
Yum! Hang on, Rick.
Thanks.
Paul saved our lives!
I said enough! Okay, listen up, everybody.
We cracked the code and made the ointment we need to bring Skuggs down for good.
Rick! Thank God I got to you in time!
Nice to see you in the flesh, Laughing Man.
And by your hand no less.
Cowboy, I'll miss your good humor, your down-home wisdom, and of course, the frothy milkshakes were udderly delicious, heh-heh... Bearded... Lady...
Oh, Rick... Today I make the proudest boast a man can utter: "Ich bien ein Freak!" Uh, I'm a freak.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet the lucky young man who's about to be become the monster with the mostest!
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
And now back to the exciting conclusion of Ricky Coogan's incredible story.
Your heart... your heart... your heart... Atta' boy Coog! Hey, ain't that somethin'?
A time release serum--I baked it into a delicious batch of macaroons.
Nice work, Ricky.
Great.
But how did you-- We've been following Skuggs for years.
Yap! Thank heavens you brought him to justice, Rick.
Elijah transformed by the goop!
I found the real Regis and Kathie Lee! No, this is just my lunch!
Thank God.
When man starts impinging on the subtle perfection of the earth's natural order, the only thing he'll create is havoc.
Right, Coog.
Good night, everybody!
The new quantum torpedoes are doing the trick, Jean-Luc.
Good hunting.
They have traveled into the vortex... through time.
It is a new subsystem of Nova Class ships.
The gas is highly corrosive to organic material.
Brave words.
(nods) I have a fresh set of plates at home.
Oh... yes... ultraviolet protection.
Thank you.
Great name.
Thank you for the... no zone.
(staring at photos) If there are other photographs...
The highest form of life in the galaxy.
Ah... yes... but, I didn't realize that -- Thank God this plate was already fixed.
What a cold description... for such a beautiful gift.
Was that good for you?
Do it again... please.
Keep going.
He is a great man.
Good.
That's a promise.
You're on internal power and ready for lift- off.
Ready to begin final countdown.
Ready to make a little history?
Thanks.
(weak) I am... grateful for what you have given me.
Ready to deploy the warp nacelles.
The Vulcans should be out there right now.
Engage.
Strong heart.
Mister La Forge... now I'd like to shake your hand.
The voyage of the Phoenix was a success... again.
(beat) And don't worry -- I'll keep your secret.
Um... thanks.
You look good as new.
That's great.
I never realized how powerful an emotion temptation could be.
In her own way... nearly perfect.
Welcome home.
Did I tell you that you look amazing today?
What are you doing, Snotlout?! They're going to win now!
We can still win this thing!
Have a nice flight!
Here you go, darling.
Mine's worth ten!
We're winning together!
Hiccup, that's amazing!
Yeah, so... this is what I'm dealing with.
Easy, bud.
Finest dragon trapper alive.
It's our duty to keep the peace!
Peace is over, Hiccup.
We give up.
That oughtta make the boss happy, right?
Give me that!
We're here to RESCUE you!
I'm glad to see you, too, bud.
You were only a babe... ... but a mother never forgets.
This gift we share, Hiccup... it bonds us.
That sounds... amazing.
This is so great!
I got you here, now get this thing off me! Never take a toy from a dragon.
And as an added bonus, I also caught you their riders.
I promise you that.
Oh, yes they will!
Trust me.
He's only the son of Stoick the Vast... ... his heir to the throne of Berk... and the greatest dragon master this world has ever seen!
Funny and beautiful.
Good one, babe!
Thank you for saving my life.
Our son's changed Berk for the better.
Thanks, Dad.
Ha ha!
Oh, I love this one!
And gladly ride the waves of life, if you will marry me.
And love...
And love me for eternity.
My dearest one, my darling dear, you mighty words astound me.
I care not for your poetry.
To love and kiss, to sweetly hold.
For the dancing and the dreaming.
And gladly ride the waves of life, if you will marry me!
Yes! Great!
Thank Odin you didn't listen to me, son.
The world wants peace.
The strength of will over others.
May the Valkyries welcome you, and lead you through Odin's great battlefield.
For a great man has fallen.
A friend.
You came early into this world.
Only you can bring our worlds together.
We can't fly these things!
They're babies.
Well, it's a good thing that I never listen.
Ah, that's a good boy!
Thank you.
You'd make a good trapper.
Your father... he'd be every bit as proud as I am.
Thank you.
I'm really glad you're here, Mom.
Ha, ha.
That's hilarious.
We are the voice of peace.
And bit by bit, we will change this world.
Thanks, guys.
The first night ...
We've met before, haven't we?
It's been a pleasure talking to you.
Party at the mayor's house, George.
(Voice-over) Easy, girl, easy.
Yes, we have, your honor.
Hang in there, honey.
You can see him in the morning.
Right, right.
Good, let's keep it that way.
A girl's, a buddy's.
Take your time, honey.
Thanks, Al.
Take it easy, Pete, "V" loves this rod.
Wonderful!!... Wonderful to see you, Pete.
(climbing out of the Camaro) Feeling good, Arnie.
Wonderful, Pete.
Alotta people Pete... alotta people are gonna be very happy.
Bring 'em on, I'm ready.
Best god damn ears in town.
The man with the best god damn ears in town.
(kissing him) Okay, baby.
You don't look so good.
Your friend Sheila brought you here.
What deal?
You liked it.
(whispers) I love you, Pete.
(desperate whisper) I love you, Alice.
That sounds good... Around nine... Yeah, me too, Andy... Great... See ya then.
(she smiles) But, we still have a coupla things to take care of... Oh, yeah?... What else? This... and this.
It's been a pleasure talking to you.
Come on, baby.
He lives under the bed.
Promise?
Promise.
Morning, Meagan.
Out in fifteen with good behavior?
Hang on, honey... I'll have you out of there in a second.
Once these kids go rabid, best thing to do is put 'em down.
See... the world is made up of rules.
Yes... I'm ready.
A world where everyone is happy to be alive and everyone lives together in peace.
(continuing) This dream is becoming a reality with ever-growing international business... Louder, Meagan.
Looks like a photo opportunity to me! (continuing) Say... cheesecake!
Hey, Cap'n... better have a look up here!
But rest assured, if I can't persuade her to come back to her loving home, then I'll do what's best for her.
I love Lizzy.
Deal.
What good is this?
It's not the gun, it's what's in it -- silver bullets blessed by a priest.
But then... (finishes for him) You don't make the rules... yeah, yeah.
Roll up your sleeves and put these on... Oh, cool!
Whatever... (to Meagan; excited) Put 'em on -- they're really cool!
(distant) Meagan... help me... please... Freddy's trying to split us up... Okay, Freddy... there's a new sheriff in Dreamland now.
Until his remains are host to the Dream Demons -- Freddy can't hurt us.
That road will take you right on in... Eternal Peace Cemetery -- can't miss it.
Chopped up a number of people before they finally caught up to him.
We'll sing a song!
(starts singing) Row! Row! Row your boat, gently down the stream.
Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily... life is but a dream.
Come on, everybody!
...merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily... life is but a dream.
Oh, God... Jesse... Meagan... listen to me...
Why don't you just go get [BEEP] Jesse, wake up! WAKE UP!! Go ahead... make my dream!
It's his heart... it's missing.
A human heart.
A good one.
A good one.
Hey! Watch that!
And this time... I'll be ready.
(continuing) Go on, son... have a good time!
Welcome aboard, son!
He's right behind me! (to Erwin) You're the one who brought him back to life!
That's for being my best friend, Stormie.
You can be Princess Leia and I'll be Jabba the Hutt!
FREDDY LIVES!!!
I loved that dog.
We went camping, picnics in the park...
(sighs) God, I loved that dog.
Let's roll! (filtered) This is Channel 12 -- Station W.G.O.D. -- where the "W" stands for "Worship" And now... "Daily Affirmation" with Reverend Lawrence Lovejoy... Good morning, friends... the Good Book says that each morning brings a new light into our lives... (filtered) You can own a videotape of Reverend Lovejoy's Daily Affirmation for only $19.95... Hello.
We need him to perform a wedding.
It's just that you come on a little strong, that's all.
Let them speak now... (under his breath) ...please God... (aloud) ...or forever hold their peace.
(to cultists) Get her ready.
I'm giving you until the count of three to come out with your hands up... (continuing) Hand me that flare pistol.
Here comes one now... (yells) That was easy enough... Once again... if there be anyone among you who does not want these two people to be joined... let him speak now or forever hold his peace.
(continuing) Go get him, boy! (into microphone) Ladies and gentlemen... welcome to the fight of the century!
I'm your ring announcer... Ted Bundy! (continuing) Verrrrrry funny, Oswald!
I love you, Meagan.
I love you too.
Your mom and I... well, we want to thank you for saving your sister's life... we know you went through a lot.
Everything is going to be fine.
And I'm going to get sober... We're going to be a normal, happy family again.
Goodnight mom... goodnight dad.
Goodnight, Meagan.
The flowers... they're beautiful.
Is this a special day?
It's from Dan and Kate Wilkins... for dinner last week... It's a special day isn't it?
Because you love me... That's the occasion.
Honey, I told you.
If it makes you happy, we should just do it.
You will be rich... That's a fortune.
What would you do for our love?
History and the arts will be here... The Classics... We'll have a hand-painted sign... (another grand swirl) ... Parker Books.
This is my dream... it's finally here.
Ellen gave me strict orders to sign it... We invited some friends over -- you see, for a celebration.
Enjoy your party Mr. Parker...
Your new store will be waiting for you Monday morning.
Good morning.
Children are a blessing from God.
You look so happy -- how long have you been married?
Damn baby, relax.
Write from your heart.
That's why the classics are great.
Can I help you?
Not doing too good huh?
I was just thinking that if we actually became a couple -- this was a beautiful place to begin things.
(softly) I love you Ellen.
Phileas Fogg? (looking ahead) ... Round The World In Eighty Days.
You're amazing... What are you doing Mr. Parker?
That's good.
I need to show her how much I love her Kris.
Ellen got up every morning and went to the corner store to get me my bread for breakfast... Everyday.
Thank you.
Nice sneaks.
Ellen, there are two kinds of people in the world -- Please not, 'The two kinds of people' speech.
Face it Ellen, I'm not the type of person who reads bedtime stories.
But you love me anyway.
I love you Maurice Parker.
Coming up to me and my friends?
Were you there to help her?
Need an I.D. check on a Maurice A. Parker... Driver's number 22 184 877... (listening) He was assaulted by a group of men just outside Elkhart, Indiana... How is he?... That's good.
Mrs. Matlin... good morning.
So this is the City of Brotherly Love.
Ellen would have loved you.
A couple days and you'll be up there again.
Ellen would have loved you.
This smells good.
Stop laughing!
Adelle -- He says he admires him.
No Ellen... don't die... Everything's going to be fine Ellen.
I love you sweetie.
Food?
Deal.
It's going to look beautiful when he turns out to be that animal who paid a visit to the Steadman's house.
About my love for her.
I've realized, love is about giving.
I'm alive, I can still give to her.
I have spent my life dedicated to love.
Love of God.
Love of humanity.
And here you are living through love.
Good, now the team had this great big player -- Big Billy.
He had them in the World Super-Bowl-Championship of little kids baseball.
But right before the game, the second best player on the team was suspended because he played a prank on a nice man who owned a book store...
(beaming) That's me.
But everyone saw how small Isaac was and laughed... but not Big Billy.
Everyone cheered.
Isaac hit a home run and won the game.
Big Billy smiled and said, I wasn't always Big Billy, I was Little Billy first... Isaac and Big Billy went off after the game and read a classic book together.
There was a boy named Isaac who liked to play baseball... That's a nice watch.
Good morning Mr. Parker.
Thank God.
You've made it to California, it was a miracle, now let's try to save your life.
We do the operation, and when you're better, you finish the walk.
I mean you've done a great thing.
(whispers) Good night Mr. Parker.
You're amazing.
Adelle told me, your writing is going well.
The moral of the story is...
(yelling) Hey, Maurice man -- keep going buddy! Don't stop Maurice!
Thank you God! Sweet Jesus!
It's amazing Sarg... everybody's out of their cars and cheering him on.
The Doors, the musical group.
... Through ten states and over three thousand miles... ... A bookstore owner from Philadelphia Pennsylvania... ... Ellen Parker killed by a drunk driver September 2nd... ... A seven month odyssey through the heart of the country... ... the power of the human spirit... ... A life threatening condition, Transient Cerebral Ischemia... ... a journey he began by himself, will end with a family of millions at his side... What do you think heaven is like?
When I was ten, my family lived in Pacifica for a year.
I used to go to the beach everyday that summer.
I never felt so happy, carefree.
It was a magic place for me... That's where my heaven will be.
Everybody be cool.
But do I love them?
Gloria, you hang in there, follow the rules, and don't fuck with us, you'll get out of this alive.
The quicker we're in your protection, the better I'll feel.
(pause) The Titty Twister? (he laughs) I love it already.
Okay, Carlos, I'll see you and your men at the "Titty Twister" tomorrow morning.
From there the brothers traveled from Kansas through Oklahoma... ...into the great state of Texas, and then finally... ...into Abilene.
(to Kate) It's okay, honey.
You damn well better.
Good.
Times up, Princess.
In heaven.
I was a minister.
As long as you're cool, she'll be cool.
Vacation.
Let me just say I'm real happy about where we're at.
We got a real nice, "I don't fuck with you -- you don't fuck with me" attitude going on.
Now, if everybody just keeps playin' it cool -- and I'm talking to you, too, Richie -- everybody's gonna get what they want.
You're so pleased with yourself about getting into Mexico, you think the job's down.
You're just not used to seein' me happy, 'cause it's been about fifteen fuckin' years since I been happy.
(to Jacob) Welcome to the Titty Twister.
Good job, Pops.
Best in Mexico.
Dinner is served!
Welcome to slavery.
Hey, you, monkey man!
I love you, too.
No, it's more of a gnawing sound.
Give me a hand!
Way ahead of ya.
Pleased to meet'cha.
That's it, plain and simple.
Now, does everybody agree we're dealin' with vampires.
Good for you.
Good lord!
And I just want you to know you've made me proud all your lives.
And when that moment arrives, we gotta be ready.
Amen.
I promise.
I promise.
Yeah, I promise.
Kate, we don't have all day, so I'm only gonna count to five.
Good girl.
Thank you, son.
It looks great.
Exhausted, her career path questionable, her faith in mankind shaken, she resisted her tendency toward introspection and went to have a drink with her friend Doug.
That you have a four-year degree and make seventeen grand a year after taxes?
Hey, you might actually enjoy yourself.
Friday was the thirteenth.
Friday was the fourteenth, that makes today the seventeenth.
Day she was born was the happiest day of our lives.
We're not perfect parents, we know that, but we figure if you let `em know how much you love `em a lot of the other stuff takes care of itself.
Saving her life!
Good news.
This is your new beginning.
I love you, Emily.
I love you, too.
(calls to other room) Breakfast.
Honey, breakfa-- Come on, let me see...
First time I met him I was like thirteen.
Better hurry.
Well, photocopying isn't much fun.
No, they've been nice.
My grades are getting a lot better.
He says you're doing great.
Friend.
He was my best friend!
Why is that funny, Margaret?
Not him himself, Of him, working in his name, in his honor.
I had two brothers, Brent and Travis... ...and I mean they was healthy boys, healthy as can be.
A friend.
Thanks.
So I can always get home, whether you're there or not.
We had gym today... Are they being nice to her? Who?
Good night.
This is your new beginning.
Please?
Please!
I'm happy you're getting the help you need, daddy.
Shakes your faith sometimes.
I'll help you.
I'll brush your hair for you.
One... No... Two... Two and a half... Please... Two and three quarters... Three...
I want you to love me.
Okay... okay, I will, I will, I promise.
You better come.
Tomorrow's our new beginning.
I'll be good.
I love you.
Sweetheart...? Everybody get out okay?!
Some nice family that always wanted a little girl.
Going to the thing Saturday?
It'll be fun.
Nice room.
Glad to see you're feeling better.
Fifty-seven...oh, Christ... You'd drifted right through the core systems.
I promised her I'd be home for her birthday.
Her eleventh birthday.
The important thing is to stay cool and unemotional.
No. It's a rock.
No indigenous life larger than a simple virus.
We'll be starting a new life from scratch, in a clean world.
Nothing they can't handle...right, Lieutenant? (cool) We're trained to deal with these kinds of situations.
We're getting into a lot of terraforming...'Building Better Worlds.' Yeah, yeah.
Who's the fresh meat again?
Thank you for your cooperation.
I am ready, man.
Ready to get it on.
Well...two.
I want a nice clean dispersal this time.
I don't know how you managed to stay alive but you're one brave kid, Rebecca.
Pleased to meet you.
She's my only friend.
I promise.
You promise?
Cross my heart.
Alive?
I was the best at the game.
He's alive.
You don't have the authority to -- We're going home, honey.
(turning) Where the fu -- Run! (hysterical) Well that's great!
And look...I can see you on that camera right up there.
A termite queen's abdomen is so bloated with eggs that it can't move at all.
Those specimens are worth millions to the bio-weapons division.
Now, if you're smart we can both come out of this heroes.
Man, listen to that.
(calmly) Excellent.
They're animals.
Hudson, stay cool.
There's movement all over the place... (voice over) Just get back here!
Let's get these things lit.
It's readin' right.
Look! Well you're not reading it right!
It's okay, baby.
(weakly) Mommy...Mommy?
Right here, baby.
Yes, honey.
This particular guy is the best.
You love to embarrass yourself.
Where our client bought the painting... Ashcroft Hall, Buckinghamshire, four weeks ago.
You were polite to a stranger.
And some berries and chocolates for the lady to enjoy it with.
Actually, I was just across the room, dickering with a gentleman over the purchase of an interesting Spitzweg.
The best ones are here today... Gone tomor...
You conspire with the seller to start at 4.6, so I'll be grateful when you 'bargain' him down to three.
So where are we g...
A reward.
A reward for what?
It's lucky we stopped by my room, for the wine.
Of whether you'll still be alive four minutes from now.
Give the boys a thrill.
Training for wha... ...followed by the most exciting night of your life.
Please.
Each worth one million dollars.
The best day of your heretofore drab life.
VOICE (O.S., British cheer) Hullo, there!
Well, it's a pleasure, in this alien place, to do business with a countryman.
Is that a promise?
We came for the view.
I'd pay more.
Where you g... MAC (walking away) Fork lift.
Finish up on the floaters.
Thank God for redundant security.
Well...I saw our suction things.
Oh my G... Sensible folks, DeBeers.
Than alive.
Glad to see you're both alive.
We love having strangers join us!
More intimate.
I've made a fortune.
And it's worth...? Eight billion dollars.
Well, it's an eight billion dollar jump.
To look forward to.
Because it frees me to do the same.
I trust you.
It does sound like the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Nice of the Colonel to provide an invitation... Well, I promised him a bonus.
Easy come, easy go.
later than the others.
Playing God here, Ginger.
Baby girl.
MAC (watching his clocks) Hong Kong midnight, happy new year.
With four billion dollars.
Of thoughts, you s... Keep smiling.
Mmmmmm-glimmmeee-kisss! I'm so proud of you!
Ask the man who put in the good word.
I give you six weeks before you're back on the beat, Keegan, they got no room for hero cops... Appreciate, that vote of confidence, Brook.
I bet you think the only thing he sees in her is one incredible, dynamite body...
I love your husband, Ellie, but he's a real dork.
You're great.
Nobody would've touched you... You're making an eighty percent return.
(giving a half smile) Right behind you, T.J. Did you ever hear the chatter.
My special, scrambled eggs surprise.
He killed Win... he enjoyed it... Win made his choices, Claire.
Good night, Mr. Keegan.
You didn't tell me she was so beautiful.
You look fantastic in a suit.
Nice threads Dad.
(brilliant) Hi.
Christ, you're one beautiful woman.
Even Joey Venza?! He's got a good lawyer, and he made a smart move.
You look good in that tie.
So it was "love".
And you live in Queens?
You haven't seen him at his best.
It was nice having you "watch over me"... Yeah.
Good night, Mike.
Sleep good.
It's 3 o'clock in the morning.
The change would do you a world of good.
Have a nice night.
To be home for dinner.
I do love you.
Don't tell me how much respect you have!
I know sweetheart... we have enough flowers here.
(sweetly, to Doorman) Have a nice day.
(smiles, gently) Let me watch over you tonight... Put it down!
Oh that thing in Queens.
This thing in Queens.
Listen, you're right.
And if you'd rather go to a "singing lesson" than have dinner with your father... We're not going to a singing lesson, she's just gonna start taking singing lessons.
How extraordinary that you came.
I love ya, but you're out of your mind.
Do you dance?
You should'a brought the girl.
I brought the girl.
She trusts me.
Listen, I'll... see you again.
There's nothin' else I'm any good at, but this.
It should have, you know, that fun to it.
I mean it sounds very exciting, what you speak of, you've got me all excited.
But something special like that, you know it's got to cost a little more, mm? (energetic) --R - W - M, radio's voice is the Shippensburg Valley, on a beautiful clear warm Thurs -- (rural) -- Tucky Wonder Beans picking up a half cent over yesterday's price at- Oh lover, oh it's too much -- oh you thrill me -- yes, like that, it's -- oh it's beautiful, oh -- (through door, curtly) What is it?
He was a research engineer at the Tuscarora Laboratories in Pennsylvania.
Marta, thanks, and I'd love to party with you hon, but -- Well try to get someone else Marty and if I change my mind -- sure hon, bye.
Bree Daniel -- Oh God baby, oh God I really love you.
Well I'm in town, like to see you.
Well Frank that's awful nice but I'm out of action, sort of, you know -- Bree Daniel, Caucasian, twenty eight, good physical health, no narcotics record, presenting an unusually strong personality some ways, high intelligence, a high bracket call girl.
She had every good intention of it -- coming to me as a private patient, getting out of the life, devoting herself to an acting career.
Men in bed.
Good material, not too good cut.
I was in the life fulltime.
I was living on Park with leather furniture and a million dresses.
Brightly) Oh yes, Ted Carlin, how is Ted? (listens) Oh, well, thank you very much but maybe the next time you're in town?
(listens) Well I just love Ted and I'd love to meet you -- you have a very nice voice -- but I just -- (listens, grows impatient) Well I'm having a chat with a very nice cop.
Is that how you met the Dumper?
You lie there covered with blood, smiling, they say -- I couldn't get him.
(placidly) Ezra, I'm lots better than you're used to.
So enjoy, Mr. Faber would say, enjoy.
Oh lover -- oh you thrill me -- oh, it's beautiful -- oh yes, yes -- oh like that, like that, yes -- What's the matter hon?
You were great.
Thanks.
Ta, luv.
(laughs tolerantly) No, that was very good everybody.
(giggles) Hey Bree honey, who you got?
A new daddy.
I'n he cute?
Oh yes Mr. Klute -- won't you both join me? (as they sit) And how do you like our fair city?
He does such fun things with imagery.
Well she's not now.
I loved Arlyn I took her right into my apartment, my own sweet apartment on First.
I got a radio -- don't run, don't -- Oh baby -- no it's all right -- oh my baby baby baby -- Get out! (to Berger, again) Don't cry my baby; I'll find him, I'll get it.
Baby, baby, don't cry.
(to Berger) My honey, my baby, my baby -- She wouldn't be reliable anyhow -- a narcotics addict.
(smiles ruefully) It's where it doesn't get me.
I better keep looking.
Nice right now, that touch of fall in the air, that skim of frost in the early mornings, very peaceful.
(briskly again) John, I'll be back here again Thursday; I'll be in touch.
Well hello -- come on in.
But you boys from Tuscarora have a habit of disappearing, don't you?
He does best with his middle fingers; you get fainter registration from outside keys like Q, A, L, P and like that.
It's a beautiful day in Tuscarora - I don't envy you that humidity in the city.
Thank you.
What was better?
I made better bait?
I had to go along with it -- the idea of this being a wild goose chase, Tom being nowhere around -- Well as a matter of -- I've been up country, you know my summer place, my camp.
Yeah, two things Pete, that -- You said Trask was arranging laboratory work.
Police laboratory.
The laboratory got a blood group reading from that.
I'm meeting a man tomorrow night.
Can I help you?
You're willing to listen?
Sexy, hm?
(hangs up) First goddamn weekend of the summer.
Love ya.
Bring my cup back.
This is in no order of importance, Chief: There's a meeting on the Amity Town Council on Aging this Monday night, Bentoncourt Hall.
Searle's Rent-a-Bike, the Rainy Ale, Tisberry's Hardware... they say it's those nine-year-olds from the school practicing karate on all those nice picket fences.
Glad I caught you.
Technically, you need the instruction of a civic ordinance, or a special meeting of the town selectmen... (the good guy) That's just going by the book.
This is your first summer.
All I'm saying is that Amity is a summer town -- we need summer dollars, and if they can't swim here, they'll use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long Island.
He was going to swim to New Bedford, he said.
Everybody out of the water!
(laughter from all) That's private business between you brave fishermen and Mrs. Kintner.
That official business could take all summer!
Do you wanna stay alive and annee up the ten or play it cheap and be on welfare next winter.
Thank you very much, Mr. Quint, the Selectmen will take your offer under advisement Can you stand something to eat? Love a cup of tea.
Mikey loves his birthday present.
It's his birthday present, and you closed the beach, Honey.
Holy Jesus Christ!
I didn't come up here all the way from New Rochelle to be gouged by some Yankee Cracker!
You want a nice cheap, leaky boat, you go down to the Hamptons.
That's good.
(speaking to everyone) I think we all owe a debt of gratitude to these men for catching this monster.
C'mere and give Daddy a kiss.
But I love sharks.
You love sharks?
(checks his watch) It's a good time, too.
A White!
A Great White!
There is a kind of shark called a Great White Shark that every expert in the world agrees is a maneater.
It happened like this before, in 1916, when a Great White killed five swimmers at Jones Beach, in Long Island.
A 4th of July beach is like ringing a dinner bell, for Chrissake!
A Great White.
We depend on the summer people for our lives, and if our beaches are closed, then we're all finished.
I want those little paint-happy bastards caught and hung up by their baby Buster Browns! (who has followed them around) That's it!
Out there is a Perfect Engine, an Eating Machine that is a miracle of evolution -- it swims and eats and that's all.
You'd love to prove that.
It's going to be our best summer in years.
If you're so concerned about the beaches, you two, you do whatever you have to to keep them safe, but with you or without you, the beaches stay open this weekend.
Copter to Daisy! Red Four, Red Four! (into walkie-talkie) Where -- ?
He can come home in the morning.
(sees Vaughn) Here -- (gives baby to Ellen) Take him home.
Next summer's had it.
I was acting in the town's best interests...
Put that blackfish on board, pump the bilges, and top off the fuel tanks, and finish up in the morning.
Then you're on the beach.
I'm talking about a Great White.
Let me see your hands... Ha.
(jumping up) Watch it!
He was born with what he does best.
(laughs) (croaky) Why are we way out here, when the shark's back there?
-- Don't tell me my business!
Start the pump!
Where...? The bilge pumps.
(triumphant smile) Teddy!
* Why are we going there? (smiling) I don't remember.
Couple days.
Your friend, right?
Thanks.
Deals?
LEONARD (cont'd) I was good.
Sammy can only do simple stuff.
I live the way Sammy couldn't.
Habit and Conditioning.
You helped me out, and I'm grateful.
Trust yourself.
Relax a little, okay?
It's not easy to be calm when - Just relax.
Thanks.
I haven't made a strong enough impression.
(without looking up) It's good.
I enjoy it.
Thanks.
I haven't made a strong enough impression on you.
LEONARD (cont'd) (relaxed) Honey?
(listens, smiles) The police gave me the report themselves.
Yeah, blonde is fine.
(listens) Well, it was a lot for one guy's personal use.
You should lock a car as nice as this.
TEDDY (cont'd) It's been fun, Lenny.
Thank you.
Great fucking ideal Calm down.
You're safe now.
You're safe.
(smiling) My wife used to call me Lenny.
* You should lock a car as nice as this.
* You can stay here for a couple of days if it'll help.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Sweet.
Let me get you a fresh glass.
Thank-you.
No, officer,		 * I'm ready.
(listens) I'll be right down.
Do you remember me? (laughs) Yeah, I remember you.
Look, there's two hundred grand stashed in the car.
* So what was he bringing the two hundred			* grand for?
Everyone who'll listen.
Great story.
So you lie to yourself to be happy.
Cheer up, there's a lot of John		 * G's for us to find.
That's why			 * you're so good at it.
Bring him here to face our good justice.
Excellent.
Oh, and, Constable... (off Ichabod's look) Do make certain that you meet with success.
Might have been positively grand talk.
I've read a great deal about your New York City.
Sounds like an extraordinary place to live a life.
There is no such thing as magic.
(laughs) You are funny.
Yes, but listen.
Then, I also have a gift for you.
True magic which even you will not be able to deny.
Thank you.
Listen to what you say.... No, you listen!
The night of the great storm, I saw her cross my windows.
The night of the great storm, I saw her cross my windows.
You should thank us.
(listens, looks) I hear nothing.
Can you help?
You want to see into the nether world...
He who holds fast the Horseman's desire will guide his reaping hand.
(dismounts, troubled) Loath to say it... better to get our backs against a tree and stay till morning.
(pause) "He who holds the Horseman's desire will guide his reaping hand."
Whatever the Horseman's desire is, other than extinguishing lives.
You all stand idle, while this man goes about with a book of secrets and a bag filled with magic.
Theodore, Glenn and I offer to ride each day and night to watch over the Hollow.
(to the crowd) I say... if the Horseman is solid enough to take the lives of our people, he's solid enough to feel this... FREAKISH WOMAN (v.o.)
The night of the great storm, I saw her cross my windows.
She has joined the migration out of town.
I should be going... good day to you.
"He who holds fast the Horseman's desire will guide his reaping hand."
(smiles) Then, go.
(kisses him) No one knows better than I. What are you doing there?
Bring Young Masbath here.
Business, best hidden is hidden best at night.
She comes to read books, so her father will not find her.
Fiction plays and novels.
He promised great violence.
There is no reason to think he will not meet with success.
Help me!
You will be well cared for.
You... you are alive.
The church.
Jump?
Jump where?
Listen, Eric's been "finishing" his for over three years now.
I think that once I dye my hair blonde, buy a string bikini and cultivate that tan...
I could be veggin' out with the best of 'em... (does a valley- girl/beach bunny) Like fer shurr!
Thank god! (sarcastic to Carrie) Ha, ha.
Well Dorothy, why don't you hand me that chili there.
I love it when you talk like that.
Early... Have a good one.
...These are great.
I didn't have the heart to wake you.
Thanks.
Well, I sat down with my tapes and your photographs, which are great by the way... and I started writing.
...I think it's the best stuff I've done.
Your photographs and my research, together.
...It's either the best idea I've had in a long time... or there's way too much MSG in this stuff.
(quotes from the movie) "Still?
(quoting again) "Aintry?
You just smile, let me do all the talking.
(smiling at Brian) As many times as it takes.
...Thank you.
No, but I can tell you he's not gonna be too happy about this.
Thank you.
Well, the first thing... is you need film.
I like things in color, pink, purple, and red.
...I'm sure you're aware that this is the Novak house... (corrects himself) ...I mean, this was the Novak house... (pause) With your permission I'd like to come in and photograph... (muttering) Goddamned ghouls... (upset) We could have been in and out of there in less than ten minutes... Hey, I got some great stuff... it's okay.
(continuing on the heel of the kiss) ...That house is part of American history now, whether he likes it or not.
(to Carrie) Sweet dreams.
Early, sing me a song.
(smiles at Early) ...Once he gets an idea in his head there's no holding him back.
Nice job Early.
(starts to read) This the book your writing?
How'd you meet Early?
I'd better be goin'.
Great.
Got to see a man about a mule.
...and everything starts stickin' together... keeps running down the back of my legs like two rivers racin' for my boots, see who gets there first.
I was willing to do whatever it took to get you up off your ass and on the way to California... There's a big difference.
..."Chink" beer!
(beat) Ha! (nervously mimes the same) ...Ha.
Smile.
Me and Adele gonna buy a copy for our coffee table.
(to Adele, with a kiss to her cheek) ...you stay here with Carrie.
This is one of my favorites... rock the cradle.
It make you feel good?
You'll be doing him a favor.
(disappointed) Not so much as a simple "thank you."
Thank you for what?
I seen the way you been lookin' at me since we met... Snappin' my photo when you thought I wasn't lookin'.
That's better... Honesty...
You feelin' good?
(lifting wine glass) (amiably) (this last directed at John gets no enthusiasm but a cold look from him) Just then another young couple pass the table and recognize Inez.
It's great.
I love a diamond wedding band.
The way it sparkled they'll see it in the last row when he puts it on my finger.
Gil's smart and successful.
The world is full of people who dream of writing the great American novel.
Don't forget, Dad invited you to join us at a wine tasting tonight.
It'll be so fun.
Paul's an expert on French wines.
Her parents having fun.
They're both delicious.
They laugh and drink.
You're a very lucky man.
(toast) PAUL (cont' d) May you make the transition from movies to literature and may your book glorify all the Shirley Temple dolls and Charlie Chaplin wristwatches that make us nostalgic for an allegedly once simpler, more charming world.
Carol and I are going to go dancing - we heard of a great place.
I'll take good care of her.
Is he a good writer?
Eventually he is at a lovely spot.
Finally he looks at his watch.
This is a great old peugeot.
Darling you're too sensitive.
She's exciting - and she has talent.
Give it to me.
To have Gertrude Stein read my novel - thank you, thank you - He exits the place.
Calm yourself - get a grip, Gil - deep breaths - been quite a night - Fitzgerald - Hemingway - the Hemingway - Papa - where do I meet him - he never said.
26 26 Next morning.
You'd have hated the music and the crowd - but I had fun.
I'm not big on surprises.
CaNTO: (2) 30 30 I believe that love that's true and real creates a respite from death.
All cowardice comes from not loving or not loving well which is the same thing and when the man who is brave and true looks death squarely in the face like some rhino hunters I know or Belmonte who is truly brave, it is because they love with sufficient passion to push death out of their minds till it returns as it does to all men and then you must make really good love again.
I'm glad you're here.
Picasso speaks French and is with a beautiful girl - Adriana.
It's more like a still life than a portrait.
" I love it.
I came here - to study with Coco Chanel - and I fell in love with Paris and also a very dark eyed, haunted, Jewish-Italian painter - and I knew Amedeo had another woman but still I couldn't resist moving into his apartment when he asked and it was a beautiful six months.
My god you are a whole different level of art groupie.
I love his writing.
It's a wonderful city for artists and writers.
And I did fall madly in love with the start of your book so I want to hear the rest of it.
And that girl was so lovely.
We saw a wonderfully funny American film.
I find these midnight strolls are very good for me creatively - without the distractions of the day - I'll probably take another long walk tonight.
37 37 Gil dancing with a woman at Fitzgerald's party.
He stops finally and Adriana wanders over.
But you looked like you were having fun dancing with Djuna Barnes.
Everything was so beautiful then.
Isn't this little Parisienne dream a movable feast?
I understand why they all want to paint you - you're so damn interesting to look at in a lovely way.
I want to enjoy Paris by night.
You're very kind.
Well, that's the most interesting thing I've ever heard in my life - I'd like to think about that for awhile.
Because he believes in his soul that progress is not automatically for the better.
And why is she staring into the river.
Scott and that beautiful Countess - it was so obvious they were whispering about me and the more they drank the more he fell in love with her.
Scott loves only you.
We'll see you home - things will be better in the morning.
You'd like Inez - she has a sharp sense of humor - and she's sexy - not that we agree on everything.
But the important things.
Actually the small things - the important things we don't - she'd like to live in Malibu and that I'd work in Hollywood - but I will say we both like - er - er Indian food - not all Indian food - pita bread - we both like pita bread - (rising) I should go.
Thank you for this evening.
We met earlier tonight.
My god, I own a surrealist print - only a print by Magritte.
I'm stunned, stunned - Prufrock - my mantra - As the car pulls off, we hear Gil speaking.
51 51 Picasso present - dour.
51 51 STEIN (cont'd) Nevertheless you have to get rid of all that technology - what's good about your book are the characters - the human questions - love - mortality - nobody cares about the technology, they care about the human heart.
Unfortunately your book lapses into easy pessimism.
Oh yes - I remember - he was your friend.
He wrote many songs about Paris - very beautiful.
Yes - he was in love with your hometown.
55 55 He pays.
He reads the title page in hand writing.
58 58 Gil with Museum Guide.
Pablo is the greater artist although Matisse is the greater painter.
(continuing) I am in love with an American writer I just met named Gil Pender.
I know that both Picasso and Hemingway are in love with me but for whatever inexplicable reasons the heart has, I am drawn to Gil.
I had a dream where he came to me and brought me a little gift - earrings they were - and we made love.
(to Matisse) C'est l'un de vos meilleurs jusqu'a present.
Oh yes, they've been back for days.
She'll be glad to see you.
64 64 Wedding in progress.
Oh, Mr. Bufiuel, I had a nice idea for a movie for you.
He kisses her.
In those years Paris lived only for beauty.
How remarkable - they're beautiful.
To drink champagne.
This is so beautiful.
Welcome - and oh what marvelous outfits.
68 68 Gil and Adriana are dancing romantically.
69 69 The girls dance.
I think we should stay here - it's the start of the Belle Epoque - this is the greatest, most beautiful era Paris has ever known.
But I love the Jazz Age.
But think of it, Gil - the two of us - in a lovely art nouveau home - I'll work in the fashion world - I love the styles - you can write it's the age of Debussy and Guimard.
And even in the twenties - no dishwashers - no 911 if your appendix bursts - no "movies on demand" But if we love each other what does it matter when we live?
The present has a hold on you because it's your present and while there's never any progress in the most important things, you get to appreciate - what little progress is made - the internet - Pepto- Bismol.
I'm going to stay and live in Paris' most glorious time.
So finally you do love Inez more than me.
They kiss, she turns and goes to the table of artists.
He is full of energy.
(taking it back) Thank you.
Hemingway who read your chapters and agrees it's going to be a fine book did have one plot suggestion.
Thanks again.
He thought it out and it makes perfect sense.
I was attracted to another woman but it was the whole deal - meeting Gertrude Stein and Hemingway and Dali and Scott and Zelda - Honey, you better listen to yourself.
You see everything here through magical colored glasses.
You're better off without me.
Lots of good stuff in them holy places; churches, temples, mosques, and who's guarding them?
None of the above, thank you.
Right now, I only wish to join them.
My dear, sweet, baby sister, I'll have you know, that at this moment my career is on a high note.
Oh yes I do!
And was he rich?
Alright, good, that's good.
Where the early Pharaohs were said to have hidden the wealth of Egypt.
Good!
A thousand pardons, my good sahibs but there is much work to be done.
A bright good morning to all.
Is it my deal?
Friend of yours?
Hey that's mine -- Can you swim?
Trust me.
Good show!
Well I think they're cute.
Good morning, my friend!
Get ready.
That thing saved my life.
That "thing" gets me excited.
(sarcastic) The things that get you excited.
Mummies, my good son, this is where they made the mummies.
Let's be nice, children, if we're going to play together, we must learn to share.
(she blushes and laughs) Oh my.
No kiddin', without a key, it'll take us a month to crack this thing, A key! That's it!
The one with the hook, he was looking for a key.
Yes,... fine,... thank you.
You're a whole new brew.
My father was a famous explorer, he loved Egypt so much that he married an Egyptian.
Mister O'Connell But I'm proud of what I am.
I'm going to kiss you, Mister O'Connell.
Well neither do I, thank you.
No... Why?... Should I? Gee, yeah, you told me it was the best time you ever had.
In these hallowed grounds, that which was set forth in ancient times, is as strong today, as it was then.
The sun turning black.
Relax, I got him.
He is not of this world.
May the good Lord protect and watch over me as a shepherd watches over his flock.
And the rewards will be great.
We saved him!
Oh yes we are.
You didn't read that book.
Look lady, I appreciate you saving my life and all, but when I signed on, I agreed to take you out there and bring you back, and I did, now were even, end of job, end of story, contract terminated.
That's how! Yes, the creature must first try and regenerate, and then he will attempt to resurrect the one he has loved for more than four thousand years.
In the necropolis, when I saw him, - alive,... walking, he called me Anck- su-namun.
It will begin tonight.
We're safe here.
Where's your new friend?
What friend?
You're my only friend.
It is better to be the right hand of the Devil,... than in his path.
Said to me it would be worth it's weight in diamonds.
Nice lips.
That's what brought our buddy back to life.
And now he's going to use it to bring his girlfriend back And if he succeeds, the two of them together will bring about the apocalypse.
I'm thinking that if the black Book Of The Dead can bring people back to life -- -- then perhaps, the golden Book Of The Living can return them to the underworld.
The ritual to bring the body of Anck- su-namun back to life.
Imhotep is now able to cross the desert with great haste.
And bring me the Book Of The Living!
This whole place is comin, alive!
With your death, my love and I will be invincible!
This is what the sun looks like, and the stars, nature.
And this is the sun in 1955, and the stars, and nature, and cars, and phones, and movies, and the President.
He joined the Primetimers.
Calm, calm breaths.
You two married?
She's great.
(aside to the nurse) Thank you... Oliver!
Olly, you can do better.
That's good.
Now, somewhat arbitrarily, you are considered very cute by us humans, and we keep breeding you not to chase foxes, but to be cute, and we put you in movies and television shows, and you, you're chasing tennis balls cause there as close to a fox as you're going to get.
Oh, that's nice.
Well, its beautiful.
We love you.
I was doing such a good job of hiding it.
Yeah, wow, making moves.
They had wonderfully loud music.
"House music."
You have it easy.
Thanks.
Nice place.
Well, let's not rush out and tell everyone.
No need to get him up a tree.
Oh, Andy hasn't had it easy.
Cheers.
She's a wonderful nurse.
(he pauses a beat, then raises his cup again) Here's to health care.
To health care!
I'm gonna meet her at her hotel again.
You happy?
Yeah, I'm very happy.
Are you happy?
Okay, but when you see her, don't tell her that you painted historical consciousness on the wall... He's sweet.
This music's old.
In my next life I'm gonna marry a good hot blooded Jew - someone full of emotion.
You're turning into a wonderful driver.
She was great.
It's a green caterpillar.
No, no, no, you don't have a green caterpillar.
Oh I love her.
She was a pin-up model and a film star... Success was short-lived... series of broken marriages...
It's not a good life.
It's so good.
It's good?
Why? You're an actress and staying in that fancy hotel.
I used to love hotels.
But now I'm always in a new apartment or... in another hotel somewhere.
Prednisone makes you crazy.
That's the Gay Pride Day stuff.
Okay, I'll clean it up.
Me? Please?
He loves you.
(In a deep man's voice) Honey?
What movie are we watching?
Good, good.
For the first time I saw him really in love.
He sounds amazing.
I would love that.
Anna and I are in a relationship in This is what the sun looks like and the stars.
Her pets.
Our god fortune allowed us to feel a sadness that our parents didn't have time for and a happiness that I never saw with them.
Just be happy about it.
Four billion years ago, Earth begins.
Well, that went well.
Well are you happy here?
It's best that you stay home.
You did an excellent job Dr. Long.
Thank you... for...
For coming to the party.
I'll be back in a couple of days.
Thanks.
Now I make a new mistake and think it's her arm giving me the daisies, saying, here, here's simple and happy.
Arthur... Thank you... Thanks.
You never called or came to see me? No. No, it's because my father loved you so much.
And in addition to art, I like houses, gardens, parties, and walking with my Jack Russell.
I have a nice house with food, drinks, friends and me.
If you are willing to try an older guy, let's meet and see what happens.
Finish up, honey, and get to sleep.
And happy birthday.
You're going to love New York, it's the city that never sleeps!
Yo, chill man, I'm talking to Venezuela.
Thank you.
Great.
Hey, you new?
I call this the "Greatest Zooks Album".
Featuring artists like, well I got some Hendrix on there, some Joplin, Mama Cass, Belushi... all great artists that asphyxiated on their own vomit!
Thank you.
Nonono, thank YOU! That's a nice score for a girl.
He's good! (to Kate) Well, it looks like I'm on top.
Congratulations.
What's up? (amused and highly impressed) Way cool! (to Dade) You saw that?
Man, oh man, this is gonna be good.
I'm not so sure your mother qualifies as a significant author of the twentieth century.
Can I score a fry?
Thanks.
Anyways, guys, guys, listen, listen to me.
Green one.
International Unix Environments.
The Red Book.
NSA Trusted Networks.
Now! Sweet dreams, Joey.
(smiling) Good.
Nice place, huh.
What, your mom buy you a 'Puter for Christmas?
(in unison) 4...3...2...1... Welcome to our show!
That's right, this IS a payphone.
It looks good, sir.
Good.
Good man.
These people, they're terrorists... Joey! Good morning, Gentlemen.
Now, as I so meticulously pointed out, the for most used passwords are love, (gesturing lewdly) sex, secret and... (eyeing Margo) ...God.
(he reads) "This is our world now.
The world of the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud.
You think it's cool?
(not caring for where Bob is going with this) It's cool!
Secret Service!
For us, there's no such thing as family and friends.
I don't play well with others.
Relax, Burn, he's my guest.
Congratulations.
RISC is good.
And if I win? (giggles) Make it my first born.
Make it our first date.
The chosen contest: To hassle Secret Service Agent Richard Gill, and get one back for Joey.
Transvestites welcome."
My heart is steaming for you... ...spank you with my... Aww, Spank your ass... Animal!
What's the score?
If I win, you wear a dress on our date.
Deal.
Thanks.
It's a nice room.
Okay, thank you.
Kate, listen.
Yo, everyone check this out.
Well this hasn't happened yet.
They're elite!
Ummm... we come in peace?
She's rabid, but cute.
Hackers of the World, Unite!
It's Kate, Grand Central.
Hey Joey, you made it!
Now listen up, use your best viruses to buy us time, we have to get into Plague's file and copy the worm.
Ai! Boom boom aiaiaiaiaee!
Good.
Red handed!
Oh, wow, she's great.
Well, I'm afraid not.
Get off! Look, listen, I'll make a deal.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You look good in a dress.
You're elite.
Nurse!!! Oh!!! Nurse!!! Carrot juice.
Art critic - writes for Artforum.
Thanks.
That's a beautiful name.
Reds, blues, greens.
Life's beautiful.
He loves me.
Respect?
Life's beautiful.
That's a beautiful name... French?
Ohh, that's nice.
You made a good deal.
The bed was so narrow Three years we made it fit.
They're beautiful now.
Although I'll never see you again, Gypsy, Gypsy, your hair, your hair, your face, your face' 'Even though you were never mine And you never will be You have a piece of my heart You have, you have, you have...' (he reaches down, wiping off Gina's face) 'Gypsy, Gypsy, your hair, your hair, your face, your face.' Willie Mays!!! Willie Mays!!! (at the window) Come on in! Gina, don't you want any of this?
It's Monday morning.
(singing along) "The name of the game is survival, You learn it in jail upon your arrival!" Chill, man! Be cool!
only the strong survive" Rene! Come here, man!
Where's Jean? (to himself) It's fucking amazing.
Honey, I don't think so.
That's the same guy who did this painting.
I made that niggah.
Baby, I'm gonna make you a star.
Think so? ... babies.
You're your own baby.
These are great.
I'm interested in showing Jean's work.
Good.
Good.
Singing on stage and painting in your spare time.
Thanks... I'll take it tonight.
Thanks.
Ohhh, Albert Milo, what a pleasure to meet you.
We're Tom and Cynthia Kruger - nice to have met you.
And I've heard wonderful things about the paintings.
How can I ever thank you? (with a smile) I'd like to squeeze your titties.
I'll take you to the best restaurant in town.
A present I picked up for you.
It's beautiful.
Thanks.
Jean!!! Jean Michel!!! (wildly enthusiastic) Jean, man!!! Let's make a record! (slyly, intimately) You finally did it.
Gee, great... (he Polaroids Jean) Your show looks great.
You look great.
You drink red wine with fish.
Make paintings in the basement of your gallery?
She's got the great new gallery.
Yeah, I met her already.
(shaking Jean's hand) You should be pleased.
It's a great show...I'm having a dinner later at Mr. Chow's for Albert.
Congratulations.
Thanks for coming.
How does it feel to have a genius in the family?
We love our painting.
The green one.
A Toast.
Nice party.
A gift!
Hey, Jean, I'd like you to meet my wife....and my parents.
(pointing to "Rene 5:11" painting) I'm especially interested in that one.
Thanks, Jean.
That was a nice drawing, too, Jean.
- DJ'd in the hottest clubs - ... one of the youngest artists ever to be included in the Whitney Biennial, also produced a rap record.
It's said you're quite the ladies man - even dated Madonna for a couple months!!! (takes a breath) All at the ripe old age of 24.
(smiling mischievously) Leeches.
Oh, that's a "Leonardo's Greatest Hits" painting.
No, he said I was the Eddie Murphy of the art world.
You come from a nice, middle class, respectable home.
Is that the best quality you have?
Yeah, it's the best one.
That's good.
No, I wanted to make a painting of you.
OK... Good.
I'm going to send them to my friends for Christmas presents.
Frank's been drinking this Mexican beer.
It makes a good green.
That was my favorite part!
We can do better.
Everyone likes you.
When I got rich, everyone said, `yeah, but he'll never keep it up.'
You call at four in the morning.
That's better.
It's better.
After the show we should take a nice long vacation.
I'm going to give up painting and start playing music again.
What a nice place.
Have you met Christine?
I love these.
Well, that's better.
See ya in an hour.
No. It's one of the few times I feel good.
He's painted my picture, we've eaten dinner in God knows how many places together.
He's your friend.
Your hair was different.
Thanks Where's Jean?
When I moved in that summer, I'd never played baseball, but it wasn't too tough figuring out who these guys' heroes were.
So, after a week of watching...
Honey, I don't want you sitting in here all summer fiddling with this stuff, like you did last summer... and the one before that.
I know you're smart, and I'm proud of you.
I want you to get out in the fresh air and make friends.
Are you kidding, he'd love it, you know what an athlete he wasIn high school.
My mom married Bill a year before we moved to the neighborhood.
Great.
Thanks.
Everyday they picked up right where they left off the day before.
It was an endless "dream game."
It didn't matter though... Benny was so good he took everyone's position when it was there ups.
I just knew they were having the time of their lives and I wanted to be a part of it.
Nice catch!
Nice catch!
The Babe was called The Babe, because he was like the child of Yankee Stadium.
Thanks.
Thanks, though.
Thanks.
Cool glove.
Cool shiner.
I'm the Great Bambino!
The Great Bambino!
No, but I'm - ya know, I'm - - and you run like a duck, Yeah- Yeah.
Alright, listen up.
And the stuff was worth a fortune.
So, one day Mr. Mertle got him this new pup from the pound.
And so, in a few months, the pup grew into The Beast.
And he liked it.
The Beast was good at his guarddog job.
Too good.
Oh-oh Wendy Peffercorn my darling lover girl... Hold me back!
Lotioning... oiling... smiling.
Been plannin' it for years.
He had kissed a woman.
And he kissed her long and good.
We got banned from the pool forever that day... but every time we walked by after that, the Lifeguard looked down from her watchtower, right over at Squints... and smiled.
Hey guys, it's the sandlot babies!
You'd make the Allstar team easy.
That would be cool.
Besides The Great Bambino, who I still had no clue about, Benny had one living hero.
Right now, watch, watch.
Maury Wills became a hero for what he did.
On the Fourth of July, the whole sky would brighten up with fireworks, giving us just enough light for a game.
We played better then too.
I s'pose you don't who The Babe is either.
Yeah-yeah, gives ya tons of energy.
Juicy.
Chicago, on business for a week.
It's a miracle, Smalls.
It's the most amazing thing I ever seen.
Batter up! Nice crank, Smalls.
Good one, Smalls.
He's gone on business for a week.
It's signed by Babe Ruth... ...the greatest baseball player that ever lived.
Even my own mom, who was only a grown-up girl, knew who Babe Ruth was.
Good one, Squints!
(coffee can muffled) A-okay.
Thanks.
You're The Babe.
(tips his cap) See ya, kid.
Listen to me, kid.
Yeah, right, well said.
I'll see ya later.
There's heroes and there's Legends.
What're we waitin' for?! Let's go after 'em! Mommy, mommy - wook! Ah, ah - goggy!
Help him!
Help him!
Easy.
Easy, boy.
Well, thanks for bringin' him back.
You knew Babe Ruth?
They never let us play together, but we were friends.
Good friends.
He was almost as great a hitter as I was.
But, he'd of told you he was better.
Hercules gave it a good chewing, didn't he? Yes, sir.
I'm not here to bowl.
No, pinhead, he ain't here to bowl.
Whoa, cool your maples.
Let everyone in.
Let the parade begin!
You bowl on the tour.
(resignedly) 99 years, 241 days, (looks at his watch) 15 hours, and 20 minutes of no bowling.
Yeah, but it didn't go so good.
(looks at her watch) The Peter Pan.
Sheila walks over with a pot of coffee.
Theo's bowled on the tour.
(their eyes meet) The eggs.
Thank you, thank you.
Welcome to Buzz Fazeli's Dwarf Bowling, folks, where we bring you the finest in specialized bowling entertainment.
And - bowl 'er!
Heh, heh, heh.
Sid and Breeze leap into the fray, prying the two men apart.
That's a laugh.
I saw him do this spooky bowling rain dance on the bridge.
Everyone welcomes Theo and Sheila.
Cool! Theo.
Lemme give you some advice, if she asks you to dance, make sure her brother's not around.
(meets eyes with Sheila) Uh...over easy.
He's the best pinman there is.. and one and two...People used to say he got the machines working so well 'cause he lubricated them with blood...and two, and one...but people just love saying things about Junior.
Not at the present.
So this brother of yours is hazardous to the health of your dates?
(she laughs) Here's my body, Theo.
Sheila starts to unbutton her bowling shirt.
(apoplectic) Right, eating at the core, eating it's way out.
You didn't (at the top of his lungs) I don't think your new outfit suits you, Theo.
(smiles) If you want a professional man, you have to be willing to pay for him.
Sheila laughs.
He loves his birthday so much, that every year, before we can go pick him up... Kastle's car appears, driving hell-for- leather towards the house.
'RAMBOWL' Theo Skinner teaches Power Bowling.
Why don't you two go and do something fun tonight, on me.
I'll meet you at the bridge.
(dislodging her hand gently) I'll be at the bridge.
Thank you, Mr. Skinner!
Thank you!
Theo takes Sheila in his arms and kisses her passionately.
At least I'll die smiling.
Theo stares into Sheila's eyes.
Every now and then, we are blessed with the ability and strength to send a full roller down.. (makes bowling gesture) ...and scatter those babies like nobody's business.
Nectar of the bowling gods, Faz.
See ya 'round Faz.
Buzz is alive, Sheila.
I'm a hero.
Thanks, kid.
Buzz's face is eerily lit by the glow of the sunset, his halo bouncing in the breeze.
(cracks a half smile) See ya 'round Maynard.
Theo! Hey, Theo's back!
Can I help you?
(quietly, but loud enough to be heard) What a surprise...
That was a nice move you did on our young friend.
Help yourself.
(blowing a smoke ring with great skill) It has it's moments.
Whatever it is it must be goddamned priceless.
Lovely, isn't it?
That's good right where you are, Vincent.
I better be getting that.
Alright, Gregor, I'm... (finishing her sentence) Ready when you are...
Well I don't!
(with a dead cool in his voice) Both of you... (continuing without missing a beat) ...put your guns down and chill out.
The girl in the light blue dress?
I won't lie -- there have been times when I had to do it, times when the only way to get out alive was to see that the other man didn't.
We live in a singular world, my friend.
Big time in a small time king of way.
(mouth full) This...this is incredible.
(with a snort) Best beer in the world?
Budweiser for me, thanks.
That makes twice now you've saved my life.
(with great finality) Yes I do.
There's no glory to it, but there are those that like it.
Remember what we agreed on, Seamus: when we get home, I don't play "the girl" again.
Hello, my friend.
Good.
And you respect him.
You're feeling better?
Hey, man, they're both great movies.
One is more of a character study, the other is more of a straight action thing, but they're great movies, and he's an amazing fucking filmmaker.
A friend.
I haven't seen it, but from what I hear it's pretty cool.
I gotta make homes here feel like he's getting a good deal while I give him the pleasure of overpaying me for a couple of second generation pirates.
Thinks his more moderate filmmaking brethren have turned to making movies for peace-loving pussies, if you see what I'm saying.
It's a matter of respect.
Don't do it... Well, if it isn't Mr. Interpol himself.
About time! (glancing in her mirror) Not yet... (practically tearing his hair) Good Christ!
(through clenched teeth) They're good!
Nice place.
You handle a gun like it's a part of you, you perform surgery on yourself without anesthesia... (quick beat) And most amazing of all, you quit smoking, just like that.
(qith a cynical laugh) The mark of a true Samurai.
You can see your friend, now.
(in mock exasperation) Nothing... (repeating the Doctor's words in English) "Your field dressing saved his life."
On vacation?
He stands straight and smiles winningly.
So you must share a glass of wine with me.
This is a good point.
After this you're free.
He's sitting in a small walled garden snuggled at the rear of a crumbling fifteenth century edifice, overlooked yet secluded and trapping the last rays of the sun.
FATHER BENEDETTO pours two large glasses of brandy from a globulous green bottle of ARMAGNAC and sniffs his drink like a honey bee hovering over a bloom.
The quality of the brandy is good, the liquor is smooth and the glass warmed by the sun.
(in ENGLISH) The only good thing to come from the Francesi, everything else...
Their cuisine is fussy and their wine effeminate.
You come to Italy to make a guide book and you don't care about history?
You live for the present.
Suburban sprawl with a mediaeval heart.
Entering the apartment block is a beautiful twenty four year- old Italian girl.
The remnants of a simple yet sophisticated meal: apple, pecorino cheese, honey and walnuts.
JACK completes his morning exercises then showers and dresses.
With sauce of orange juice, orange peel, chestnuts, garlic, Marsala wine and... Come si dici in Inglese?
The Holy Father eats better than this.
I do what I'm good at.
You are good with machines.
Journalism cannot make you a rich man.
JACK smiles politely.
He follows FABIO through to... Girly calendars, Italian style.
Right up in the mountains.
Italian girls?
He's being friendly.
My publisher wouldn't stretch to a four by four and the park trails are playing havoc with my chassis.
You've done a good job, Mr. Clarke.
Thank you.
Good shot.
Then I'm happy to oblige.
You chilled the wine.
It's so beautiful.
Not in our world.
Friendships are transitory.
MATHILDE scans the tree cover.
Wild boar.
Thank you for a lovely day.
She leans in.. ...and kisses him lightly on the cheek, her lips light and quick on his stubble.
I know a place which make the strongest coffee in L'Aquila.
Her limpid brown eyes twinkle.
As he sips a large cup of strong black coffee, CLARA cleans a vicious welt on his right shoulder blade.
[Good.
ANNA is small town girl with a keen sense of fashion.
She and CLARA are hand in hand.
This is my friend Signor Farfalla.
The girls cease to hold hands and ANNA offers hers to JACK.
JACK half rises like the perfect gentlemen, folding his newspaper and accepting ANNA's greeting.
Will you take a coffee with me?
But I would love to go to America.
He smiles back at her.
But everyone smiles happily.
Small towns.
It is good, you will agree?
CLARA and L'AMERICANO are seated in a throng of happy youngsters Clara's age.
CLARA grins at her sundae like a little girl.
JACK watches, savoring her pleasure.
It is good, you will agree?
A picnic.
I love to have pick-nick.
It is a beautiful day, isn't it?
She loves LOUD REED.
CLARA laughs.
Taking photographs.
You're not afraid of coming into the wild with me, are you?
It is said that if these fishes bite at two hands holding, then love is good for the people.
Only thing is left behind: The book of MEDIEVAL ITALIAN ART & ARCHITECTURE on the bedside table.
The sun is shining.
The mountains young and sharp and beautiful.
Through the window, he has a good view of the garage forecourt and the slip road to and from the autostrada.
Sweets.
She drinks the rest of her coffee.
MATHILDE looks both irritated and relieved.
Thumbs back the lever on his Walther.
He shuts his eyes in the sunshine and listens to the laughter of the teenage kids.
At the end a small street, JACK parks his car like a true Italian: illegally.
(kissing, biting) ...You ready?... (muffled, laughing) ...Hey, wait... (giggling herself) Aren't you ready?
Well, get ready!
But you're worth more'n that, a lot more, and you know it, and that's why you come along with me.
Now... (thinking, playing it for all it's worth) ...When you were sixteen...no, seventeen, there was a guy who worked in...uh... (fascinated) Cement plant-- Right.
(pointing at her hair) Change that.
God, you're a knockout.
You're good.
I tell you I'm going to get you a Smith and Wesson, it'll be easier in your hand.
(he has no idea he's being toyed with) Yeah, I do.
We sure coulda used a smart boy who knows such a great deal about automobiles.
He's better off here... What's your name, boy?
But...but it makes everything sweet!
(takes his hand to her face) Just that I love you so much.
You're the best damn girl in Texas.
On a Saturday afternoon... Keep it running.
We ain't gonna have a minute's peace.
Any new photos of Myrna Loy? She's my favorite picture star.
Lemme get one of my bride and my brother.
Boy, are we gonna have us a good time!
(a pause, then:) What are we gonna do?
And the next day he brings it again and she drinks some more--and she keeps it up every day.
Finally, one week later, he brings her the milk and don't you know she just shallows it all down, and looks at her bag and says, "Son, whatever you do, don't sell that cow!"
(on the running board of moving car) Honey-love, I'm taking you into our first home.
Cut it out now, honey.
(she has her other hand toying with the buttons on his shirt, her hand slipping under, fluttering across his bare chest) Oh mercy me, oh my stars!
Look, Bonnie-- Clyde...honey...I didn't mean all that, honey.
(finally) Clyde, we ain't goin' to see a restroom for another thirty miles.
Haw! Haw! (everybody busts up with laughter) Anderson was held up as an example for every other Texas peace officer today.
(relieved and excited) Hot dog! (to Bryce) We're mighty proud to have a Texas Ranger in the family.
Move into him, right close, right friendly.
Happy birthday.
(driving like a wild man, but adlibing loudly) Can't get more'n this out of a Plymouth!
(laughing at the contretemps) Well, you two must be in love, I bet.
(gleefully, clapping his hands) Well, when you gonna marry the girl, boy?
And she looks over at her son and says, "Son, whatever you do, don't sell that cow!" (to Velma) How old are you, honey?
(laughing) Ha! Wouldn't they be surprised back home to hear that?
(she roars with laughter) Lordy!
They'd throw a fit! (roars with laughter) (laughing) What do you do, anyway?
(as his laugh begins to fade) I'm an undertaker.
I want to see my mama.
(enormously relieved, kissing her) Okay, sweetheart.
Don't go yet, Mama.
(to Clyde) Sugar, make mama stay a while yet.
(to Blanche, who stares fascinated as one of C.W.'s pectoral muscles contracts and the wings flutter) Touch it, honey!
(titillated with delight) Oh, no, Daddy!
(grudgingly) Better?
He's your brother!
Don't die! (panting, to Bonnie) Saw...saw a farm...up ahead...gotta get...a car... Baby, no... Maybe-- Shhh! (finally) Oh, no.
God, it's good to see you, boy!
(smiling) Yeah...okay, Clarence... (to Clyde) You're welcome here, now you know that.
(protesting) Bonnie says it looks good.
(then she realizes his nice gesture and smiles warmly at him) But thanks anyway, Clyde.
(she takes it all in, her situation, and looks content and cozy) It's real nice here, just the two of us like this.
I'm writing our story.
(he begins to laugh loudly) Right in the paper!
Bonnie... (she hugs him back) The Poem of Bonnie and Clyde! (laughing at the mistake, happy) The Story.
The Story of Bonnie and Clyde!
(not looking at her) Hey, listen, Bonnie, how do you feel? (watching him steadily, her slight smile growing) Fine.
You done just perfect.
Bonnie, will you marry me?
Now, that's more like it.
Does tonight's incredible reaction surprise you, Mr. Hitchcock?
No, when I was planning North by Northwest I could already hear the screams and laughter.
And just to drive the nail into the coffin, there's a handy accompanying guide to the new masters of suspense.
You've been reading them for a week now.
Hurry up, darling.
I promise.
... Thank God I had a pocketful of pretzels.
Serves you right.
Especially looking this beautiful.
(his eyes return to Alma) Over the moon since I promised her the dedication in my new novel.
Hitch is going out of his mind looking for his next project.
I'm satisfied spending time in my garden.
The most fun I ever had was working with you.
Well, I loved it.
What terrific fun it must have been to research.
I've seen happier faces on a school bus going over a cliff.
Enjoy the pool now.
Imagine -- The studio that brought you Martin and Lewis and The Greatest Show On Earth considers Psycho distasteful.
Remember the fun we had when we started out and there was so little money and time?
Hire him.
Good.
I make them millions... and yet every year I sit at those dreadful award show dinners, waiting for them to say, just once, "You're good."
Strong ones.
Well you can't.
She's a princess now which makes her permanently unattainable.
Of course the real secret of Mrs. Simpson's appeal to the Duke of Windsor was that she could make a toothpick feel like a cigar.
Nothing for me, thank you.
Tell me one of her deepest secrets.
Alma, dear, how lovely to see you.
Don't upset yourself, darling.
I want to thank you again for this opportunity, Mr. Hitchcock.
America's favorite boy and girl nextdoor...
And we're about to move to a whole new neighborhood.
Morning Janet.
(already moving past her) That's hand-woven imported camel hair from Rodier.
That I will not divulge the plot nor the many secrets of Psycho... To friends, relatives, trade reporters or columnists -- not even to outgoing President Dwight D. Eisenhower, God bless him.
All the better to see you at the greatest possible angle my dear... Wow.
She was an extraordinary person.
If I misbehaved, she'd make me stand at the foot of her bed and discuss how I planned to become a better boy.
She'll be wearing only her undergarments and a large glow of satisfaction... Cut.
No shoptalk ... No silly magazine articles...just a wonderful meal... We're ready for you on the set, Mr. Hitchcock.
We'll have a late lunch.
Give me the key!
I have a little surprise.
How fun.
Did you know Adolf Hitler sketched the design for this car on Ferdinand Porsche's cocktail napkin in a Berlin beer garden?
Looks nice.
But she chose the life of a housewife.
You'll tip off the big surprise!
I'll deal with it.
So he's free to help... (a sly smile) if you need it...
A thank you would be nice.
This is my favorite place.
How was the beach?
I let you down, my love.
You deserved better.
Take thirty frames off the head... No, no, the second take, the light is better on his hands.
You have to tell them what's coming, make them anticipate it -- Thank God we've got Cinderfella for the holidays.
I assure you that once you view the final version with Mr. Herrmann's lovely, lyrical score...
If you're willing to leave the shower sequence as it is, I will reshoot the opening love scene to your exact specifications.
That I respected him.
I'll join you in a minute.
Fine, darling.
He said "Tell Hitch congratulations.
I've realized I'll never be able to find a Hitchcock blonde as beautiful as you.
I think you're the happiest guy I've ever known, Ed.
My mother used to tell me -- she's passed, God bless her -- the one thing God truly loves and understands is suffering.
And the same critics who despised it went on to call it one of my greatest achievements.
But you know what they say in Hollywood: "You're only as good as your last picture."
Unfortunately I find myself once again bereft of all inspiration.
Yes, and you'll get us to a safe place with them, thank god!..left to my own devices, I'm an old fart too inept to read a railroad timetable!..
Good morning, Mr. Hunt.
You have 48 hours to recruit Ms. Nordoff-Hall and meet me in Seville to receive further details.
(a great kidder) What are you trying to do, senorita?
Wanted to see how good you were.
Pull over and listen to me, will you?
Your help?
Ask a question, you get an answer!.. Damn, you're beautiful.
Crema Fallas de Valencia.
On this night great papier Are you gonna be here a while?
Honoring saint by setting'em on fire.
But it is what you'd like me to do.
We at out state-of-the-art solar powered Biocyte building recognized that eternal vigilance is the price of health.. whether it's funding the teaching center at the Royal Prince Edward Hospital, removing aerosol products from the marker or braving the influenza quarantine at Bruny island late last month..at Biocyte your life..is our life's work.. (quietly) ..Biocyte workers at Bruny Island.
I said you're beautiful, Nyah.
ETHAN'S VOICE (cont'd) (softly) Damn, You're beautiful.
Ambrose has photographs of newspapers with loads of money piled on them -- thirty- seven million on the London Times.
Aggrhh-aggrhh-aggrhh... Whatever you're about in future, watch your step.
He's touched your heart.
Well, that's good, isn't?
Oh, happy day.
We won't be able to have dinner tonight.
A visit from an old friend.
Ulrich?..Ulrich!... Easy, easy, easy, shhh!
They'll be going into Biocyte... Good..then we go where he'll be, don't we?
Well done.
Mind you don't catch a chill now.
She's worth thirty-seven million pounds.
- good.
After that it's out of our hands and a matter of worldwide material law.
Bring it back alive.
G'day.
So, first things, first.
How about giving us a big smile to remember you by? (hearing the helicopter) No? Well, then.
I can't get a good shot.
We're reading 5 minutes 19 seconds.
I'd thank you -- but I'm not sure that was a compliment.
But -- (laughing) I am not an... an Indian.
He'd love anybody who joined the bureau to, what was it?
That's good enough for me.
Good.
Thanks, Guys.
Good morning.
Good.
Good morning.
I like the way ya sneaked up on me.
You gotta listen to the trees, man.
Well, listen to this: drag your ass.
Trust me, there ain't chickens in the Badlands.
Your good friend Leo Fast Elk.
Inside... in the coffee can.
What are the trees saying today?
When you go see an elder, you always bring some tobacco as a gift.
He says, it is good.
The Spirits are here.
He also said "listen to the water."
Listen to the water.
Listen to the owl.
Hoka Hey! What is that that you honor there, uncles?
Milk is good for you -- Don't be mad.
Have a nice day.
Spiritual sister.
We share everything.
Sunset tonight, I get my man.
Thanks, Cooch.
Well, she's running now, too.
But they cross over Benjamin Black Star's prints.
You think you was sent here cuz you're a good cop?
And a good cop.
That's great.
Thunder Heart has come.
Sent here to a troubled place to help his people.
I helped you!
Leo Fast Elk... is alive.
That's our life, man... No. No...
You better wait here.
We did an honorin' song for him and everything.
I had to finish something with Crow Horse.
It's a good day to die.
JONES (cont'd) My great, great grand daddy on my Momma side; had a saying... 'See a fool -- leave a fool.' Somebody else a get him.
Nice neighborhood, huh?
Now listen to me, Craig.
Hey, Pops, I'm grown.
Hey, Day-Day.
Send Betty my love.
(to Craig) Boy you looking good.
Up at the family reunion.
Damn that was fun.
This you? (proud) Yeah, that's me.
I wish we won the lottery.
This my baby.
Who's ya boy?
Trust me.
It's cool, but where's the water?
We didn't have no pool in the projects...so none of us swim.
Good.
DAY-DAY (cont'd) Craig!
Hey! Hey! CRAIG (cont'd) I'm Day-Day's cousin, Craig.
Nice house.
Okay, buddy.
Oh my God! Yo, Day-Day!
I've just been practicing that one move all week.
Right now, and I don't have no damn receipt neither.
DAY-DAY (cont'd) Hey!
Thank you.
You better stop running from that girl.
(smiling) She moves well for a big girl.
Better sooner than later.
Great moves, Day-Day.
What you mean talk to her? (still smiling) You know what he mean, dude.
I'mma get you, Day-Day!
Yeah it is...the best day before the weekend.
Black magic.
It eases the mind, and the soul.
Enjoy.
I got the B-G's.
What's the B-G's?
Easier said than done.
The music's playing.
Well where's Craig and Day-Day?
'Why can't we be friends?
Why can't we be friends?
Why can't we be friends?
Hey, mister Joker, have a heart, bro.
Thank you.
Yeah, brown and white relations, too.
Good, let's get out.
Ya'll mothafuckas help me!
(smiling) Say hello to my little friend.
When my back gets better I'mma beat the black off you, Day-Day.
Okay, later, bro.
Hey, Craig, nice smokin' wit'cha.
Well, we better hit the road, too.
Naw, I'm got live ghetto fabulous.
Is the conference still in progress?
We will handle it with no loss of life.
Look how beautiful she is!
Get out of that tree, Joey.
I expect great things from you Ward... great things.
Annabelle?! (smiling) It's Annibal sir.
I'm an L.A. boy myself so I have a real soft spot for authentic Mexican food... My stomach doesn't always go along with it but... We'd love to have you over to dinner Admiral but the cuisine would be Cuban not Mexican.
I was over at your lovely home the other day but I felt cheated because I had to leave before I had the pleasure of meeting you.
The pleasure is mine... Para servirle, Yo soy encantado de conocerte.
(to bartender) I'll have a club soda and... uhh... a glass of white wine please... Let me guess the white wine is for your wife right?
So your name really isn't Jack Shaw? (smiling) Of course it is.
You're far from ready.
Coos echtak ya sharmuta!
Brilliant, Doctor!
(perversely proud) Yes, my good son... Think you can be lucky three times in a row?
And to match your new wardrobe, in another two days your bandages will come off and you'll get to show your beautiful new nose to Carla.
What's that song say?
My God... My God... It's him.
And Agnieska has received her summons from her long-lost love... Carlos, telling her to come and meet you.
Where do I meet with this Agnieska?
But now you love me and we're going to run away to San Francisco and find a reformed rabbi to perform a mixed gay marriage.
So you can deal with it.
We had an agent... the best we ever had in training.
No student ever scored higher than this man...
But whether or not it was Carlos...] [If it was Carlos and he sent for the girl... and she betrayed him... Well... we should keep watch on the girl.
Whoever he was... he was awfully good.
What difference does it make.
And who's the guy who wins? Whoever has fun, wins.
So you go out there and have fun.
You're gonna be focused and aggressive and you're gonna play to win.
Great.
So why don't we let our kids have a good time.
Come on, I'll buy you a beer.
He'll want me and everyone I've ever loved to be dead.
Trust me...
This animal will not destroy my family.
Hello... Hi... listen, do you and Annibal want to come over with the kids for a barbeque this afternoon?
Great.
He is about to go to church with his beloved family and in an instant... they are no more.
That and the knowledge that as in life, so for eternity are they together... Now you're free.
transforming into jet mode, fires on them with laser bursts which... transforms to humanoid and runs toward...... ... Three new Autobots, ARCEE, a lovely female Autobot of about Hot Rod's age, SPRINGER, a very muscular and bantering "Indiana Jones" type Autobot and ULTRA MAGNUS, the large and soldierly City Commander.
Springer, Arcee, transform Autobot City!
(Chewing on jamb of doorway near bridge) Delicious, eh Shrapnel?
The Insecticons are in our way.
Perceptor joins him.
Great!
Keep at it, Springer, lad! Help's at hand! (to Hot Rod) Together now! also leans against it, his small legs churning.
(likes her, too, but tries to be cool and collected) Hey, I wasn't worried for a micro-second, Arcee! (enjoying letting him have it) Then you probably didn't understand the situation.
Me Grimlock love challenge!
Dinobots, transform!
transform into humanoid mode, and, with Grimlock at the front... ...fly out of the shuttle in wedge formation, blasting in unison.
Optimus grabs Megatron's clawed hand in one of his hands, twists it in see-sawing test of strength which... Optimus wins in a judo toss which sends Megatron - - skidding face first through steel rubble, in a shower of sparks until he crashes into the side of the city.
Finish him off, Prime!
Astrotrain, transform and get us out of here!
(a flash of hope) Prime! (looks off at Prime) (reaches up with right hand with great effort) Ultra Magnus!
Welcome, Megatron.
It is the one thing - the only thing that can stand in my way.
Your bargaining posture is highly dubious, but very well, I will provide you with a new body, and new troops to command.
Excellent!
X-ray images: wiring, circuitry, etc. flash on and off as a new and larger being starts to form, changing from dented Megatron to a huge, new creation: Galvatron.
And these shall be your minions... SCOURGE (Sweep character) is bearded, fanged and ferocious looking and as soon as he has been CREATED, he roars and stretches and an ARRAY OF SIMILAR CREATURES - smaller and all wearing dark and matching uniforms - are INSTANTLY CREATED FROM OTHERS behind him Scourge, the tracker....and his huntsmen...the Sweeps.... Cyclonus, the warrior...and his armada..... To Cybertron!
(loudly proclaiming over the scene) Bring me the Autobot matrix!
BLASTER TRANSFORMS to blaster mode and Jazz's VOICE is broadcast loud and clear causing Springer, Arcee, and Daniel to react This is Jazz.
(pleading with him, shoving him, talking very, very rapidly) Nice Dino, good, Dino, sweet Dino! Won't you step into the nice spaceship for Blurr?
(starts throwing switches) Me, Grimlock, love Kup's war stories!
Jump.
That was close!
gives the thumbs up gesture.
INCLUDING Ultra Magnus' shuttle through side port as Springer gives thumbs up signal in return and Daniel waves as he turns and reacts, looking straight up and ahead It ought to be smooth sailin' from here on in.
They did the same thing to me off Beta four!
Excellent.
(sees Hot Rod hang his head) But all things considered, you did an amazing job, lad! Amazing! (brightening) Really?
I'll have them eating out of my hand.
The Sharkticons eat them happily.
A planet six times the size of this one that absorbs everything in its path.
Can I help, too?
as she steps forward with a smile, a strange GRID LIKE "SUIT" in her hand I think Daniel can make himself useful with....this!
(holds Grid-like metal frame "suit") Wow! Dad's exo-suit.
For the first time out, you were great!
No welcome-wagon, "hello stranger!" that good coffee flavor Yeah, or your money back!
They laugh in guttural, clanking sounds and look out at Springer and the others who keep working as we Greetings, noble strangers.
(feigning recognition) Oh yes.
They went down that path.
GRIMLOCK You good friend to Grimlock.
I never thought I'd be so happy to see those big bozos.
Him Wheelie, him friend.
Unicron, my "master," with this I shall make you my slave! as he moves out and looks down at Ultra Magnus' remains (tearful) Ultra Magnus!
He transforms into a motorcycle as The motorcycle transforms into a rider and hops on the new motorcycle and then...
We're saved!
With a SINGING ROAR of musical, tribal excitement, the Junkions sweep Springer and our friends along with them, following course of landing Cruiser to as Hot Rod steps out with big smile and hand full of energon sticks followed by a very wary Kup, and the Dinobots with Wheelie riding Sludge's neck.
(aside to Kup, still holding smile) Guns aren't exactly friendly.
growls and slips a SNIPPER, BLOW TORCH CUTTING TOOL out of a holster and starts toward Hot Rod with it (big smile) Bah weep graaaagnah wheep ni ni bong?
(nodding, smiling) Bah weep graaaagnah wheep ni ni bong?
Bah weep graaaagnah wheep ni ni bong.... hugs Hot Rod, and Perceptor who winces and tries to enjoy it, and then hugs Daniel, Wheelie, Arcee, laughing and dancing as SINGING goes.
claps his hands and gleefully makes noises as he hops about, dancing with Junkions until we CUT TO as he stands on top of platform and RINGS JUNK BELLS AND SIRENS getting silence and smiling as he waves hands all around Have a nice day and please, close cover before striking, friends!
JUNKIONS cheer wildly while the Dinobots react with uncertainty By George kimosabes your smashed up, blotto friend, soon like brand new with ninety day warranty all iciban parts and labor is! Happy motoring!
And with it, all hope.
New, improved Junkion planet, is sleek sexy import with turbo handling.
... Rays streak from his one good eye.
He is stronger and wiser.
There's nothing much to laugh at.
All that yapping just for a little swim.
Let's see you dive from the top of those rocks, Giulia.
Come on, Giulia ... your life is much too circumscribed.
(kissing her hand) Lady Patrizia!
Raimondo... Do you enjoy fishing underwater?
My God, it's enormous.
(picking up one of the two dresses) This one is gorgeous.
It looks better on you than it does on me...
Come ahead, come ahead.
Are you satisfied?
He amuses me.
One would have to be in love with somebody to know that.
Have you ever been in love?
Oh, how sweet... What a dear little darling!
All I said was that it sounds like a good idea.
You always say "how beautiful" to everything -- whether it's the sea, or a baby, or a cat!
(with a faint smile) And why haven't they left each other?
It couldn't be that they're in love?
How wonderful!
Aren't we already the same as being married?
And Corrado and Giulia -- aren't they already the same as being married?
I love you, Anna.
(then turning to Patrizia) When we were swimming, she swam out in that direction.
No... in the morning.
Are you feeling better?
Is four in the morning early for you?
Listen, Patrizia...
(to the Marshal) Get everybody out of the way... Okay.
Anna gave it to me yesterday, right after the swim.
Claudia, listen ... Claudia.
This will be a nice surprise for the Lieutenant in Milazzo...
Listen, Marshal...
(resignedly) We are in the hands of God.
(intervening) Good.
Thanks.
Now, I can help you.
But for you, what comes first: music or love?
For me, love comes first.
Claudia, listen to me... No, Sandro, please...
Did you have a good trip?
It is such a magnificent day!
I am very happy that Sicily is able to give you so warm a welcome.
You're such a lovely blonde.
Oh, how nice!
Well, finally!
But where did you finally end up?
(to Claudia, referring to the young man) Goffredo is the Princess' nephew.
Princess, why don't you sell this villa?
I would turn it into a lovely psychiatric clinic.
It's Queen Saroya...
Because there is no landscape as beautiful as a woman.
I'll paint you a beautiful portrait.
But why me?... Ask Claudia, she's much more beautiful than me.
And that makes four.
Thanks.
She was a beautiful girl.
Lovely pair of legs!
Good.
Thank you.
What a fantastic scene!
I'll be waiting for you right outside on the square.
Go ahead, have a look around the town all by yourself, but you'll have to hobble along on only one leg.
And you must also tell me that you are filled with a great desire to embrace my shadow on the walls... Then you must tell me... (suddenly her tone of voice changes and she becomes quite serious) You must tell me that you love me.
It's closed.
But it says it's open from 9:30 to 10:30., and it's ten o'clock now... That's a fine way to greet tourists.
(smiling) I deserve it.
I love you.
Well, finally... Come, I'll introduce you to my friends.
Especially at night.
Sandro must be out in the garden somewhere, taking a breath of fresh air, or watching the break of dawn.
You owe me a copy of the Beach Boys Greatest Hits, Volume Two.
Don't be giving me attitude, Lee.
My Superindendent invited us to a club tonight.
Big party.
And just love me, till you don't know how... (whispering from side of stage) Carter, get off that stage!
Are you kidding, they love me.
(beat) Well fine then, go ahead, pull your badge and do your thing.
Now start practicing and don't make me come back here!
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
I want to show him a good time.
You get massage from Chinese girl before?
No. It's my first time.
How you doin', baby?
Now I'm on vacation.
Enjoying your visit?
Congratulations.
And good day.
I want to talk to the great Inspector Lee.
Thank you.
Help?
I'm not the help, man -- I'm the star.
How you doing, baby?
Champagne, caviar, whatever you want.
It's such a beautiful yacht.
Funny, the name on the back was "Red Dragon."
Enjoy the party, Mr. Carter.
Ricky Tan mentioned a boat in Hong Kong Harbor... Lee, let me introduce you to the Carter Theory of Criminal Investigation: Follow the Rich White Man.
Follow the Rich White Man?
Follow the RichWhiteMan...
Because when the shooting started he was way too cool.
I love this stuff.
Kissed her on the cheek.
My fiancee left me over the summer -- a month before our wedding.
I sang to her all the time - in bed - in the shower - I thought she liked it.
She finally told me it was driving her crazy.
I'm an undercover agent for the United States Secret Service.
We can help you.
14 out of 15 world banks can't tell the difference.
We wanted his oil, so for the Shah's birthday, the government gave him a gift -- a U.S. Treasury Intaglio press.
Lee and Carter are officially out of the Secret Service's way... Secret Service Agent Carter.
You saw the way she was staring at me.
Nice how that works out.
(impressed) That's a good Twisting Tiger -- where did you learn that?
See you in the next world.
So I won't see you in the next world.
We have heaven.
How was the sex?
Sing your ass off.
You've been a good friend, James Carter.
You mama's boy.
I'm asking for real now -- will you help the Secret Service?
Dancing?
Dancing?
I'm out here trying to strong arm Steven Reign, putting my life on the line, and you're up here dancing with some bimbo.
Did she have a friend?
I'll give it my best shot.
Sing with me! "We shall overcome!"
Thank you.
The Viagra is on me tonight!
Can I come over for Thanksgiving?
Nice blowing.
When's your next birthday, I'll be the cake.
Hey, buddy, watch yourself.
Let it ride!
Imagine a business where people hand you money.
Winner!
Four, winner!
I'm up a hundred and fifty-grand.
I enjoyed that little story you told about the Dragon and the treasure.
Thank you, Benjamin!
Let me make you a rich man, Lee.
The Red Dragon hotel.
She kissed you, didn't she?
You played it cool, though.
Thank you, Carter.
I can finally let it go.
Amen to that, brother.
Only what they promise in the brochure: Inner peace, serenity, and a nice chant that gets rid of this rock in my gut.
E.S.T., they do you in a weekend.
Help yourself.
Be comfortable.
Wait for me by the tree.
It's all right for you to use my mother as your tour guide and meal ticket, because she'll get something nice out of it.
It pleases you?
Please, for me.
Or boy, very good...
Maybe you like two girls -- look a little Chinese, but very great pleasure.
I would be proud if you would share our food with us.
I remember the first time I saw you, on the day of our marriage.
Wearing a bright yellow turban.
You asked me my name and you said, 'You are a very beautiful girl and I am wondering whether you will find me appealing.'
This gentleman and a young lady brought you here.
Watch your -- Thanks -- got it.
Oh, how exciting.
He's as fast as you and looks twice as strong.
Now, fine, pull, go.
You see, it takes a gift.
My cousin from Bihar has just arrived in our city -- They've brought a small present -- of respect.
Oh yes!
Oh yes, Babu.
I shall be eternally grateful to you.
These days, it's a crop nobody plants.
Amrita, I saw a beautiful wedding sari today.
Doctor Big Brother, I myself would be willing to accept a gift.
I've had three babies.
Tell her she has to relax these muscles as much as she can.
Be alive, be alive, be alive.
Good night, Aloka, Hasari.
Good -- how -- name it.
I would love to do that, Betsy Ilene, boy would I love to do just that, but I'm financially embarrassed at the -- Use your credit cards.
Six weeks -- and that's my best offer.
Watch your -- Thanks -- got it.
Oh, I am so pleased for you!
Good morning, Hasari.
Good morning, missus.
This is the nicest in the city.
You have a daughter?
Good night, I'll see you day after tomorrow.
Good night, Sunil.
I understand that you're interested in expanding your clinic and free school, and that you intend to start treating lepers in the City of Joy.
We'd like to better serve the entire community, Mr. Ghatak.
Admirable.
And we'd be pleased to rent you suitable space.
I control the City of Joy and maintain it as a model of harmony.
Well, I can't say I've developed a craving for it yet.
We give you a share of our net profit.
We've come to take you to the dispensary in grand style on this special day, haven't we, Hasari?
Meeta's very excited by this ride through Calcutta.
(as she nods) And they love your smile, don't they?
Good morning, Sister to the poor.
I told them that your father provides us with a great deal and that -- From this minute, you are off the list!
Better than many.
But I trusted you.
(a beat) If a man makes a promise... (whispering) Thanks, guys.
Ha ha!
You're so much fun, El Max.
I wish my daddy were as much fun as you.
I wish my father loved me like your father loves you.
We're a good team.
'My dear husband...' Oh that's very hopeful so far! 'Your words brought tears of joy to my arid eyes.' Oh, I'm in love!
They take me now to the scientists.
How can I help?
together under the rickshaw's canopy.
Okay, you ought to be good for another few days.
(shouting to the others) My dear friends, it's just occurred to me what inspired me to stay here.
Wanted to be the world's greatest heart surgeon, just one better than my dad.
You people... You... (a beat) I love you guys.
Well, it won't do!
I been on vacation.
You'd better get in here.
I-X-4-P-D referred to as a Nexus-6, The Tyrell Corporation's new pride and joy.
Thanks.
Enjoy the view.
This little honey has a couple of defective cones.
Is that good enough for your customer?
It'll make him feel better.
You look... better.
Beautiful.
Thanks.
Good.
I'm not religious, but I was inclined to agree.
The more the better.
Thanks.
Please.
I can see right here, I'm not getting a reading.
You got a birthday coming up.
Thanks.
A part of me is glad.
Good night.
Book the good ones for where?
The tours, the clubs, the Silicone shows, private parties.
Lots of these science guys never leave that place.
Those big time techs and bio- guys might be real high zoners up here, but when it comes to the arts, they like it loud and lewd.
Next we're gonna see a little charmer who keeps her dancing partner in a basket!
I'm with the American Federation of Variety Artists... Don't worry, I'm not here to make you join -- that's not my department.
It's a good job.
You'd be surprised what a guy'll go through to get a glimpse of a beautiful body.
I will pay.
My birthday is April 10, 2015.
Whoops.
Hello, glad to meet you.
Well stocked.
You make yourselves comfortable and I'll bring the food right out.
Charming.
I'm great.
Don't make me laugh.
Nobody is freer than when he dreams.
We can trust Sebastian, ladies.
I'd be happy to mention it to him.
You're our best and only friend.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Tyrell.
To make an alteration in the evolvement of an organic life system, at least by men, makers or not, it fatal.
We're proud of our prodigal son -- glad you're returned.
Also extraordinary things.
She'd never seen the great outdoors.
You and I are good friends, huh?
It's so easy.
I'll honor the handicapped, but we gotta play on the top floor.
Where there were trees but no buildings.
We had a good time.
She told me a funny story and I taught her a song.
She said the great advantage of being alive was to have a choice.
What I do remember is that I loved my job.
Good.
In love?
I mean she inspires me in ways Sherry never has.
It's beautiful.
But we're in love Dave.
So my Mom is really devoted to me, and I love her so much.
She likes to write letters to successful women like Janet Reno and Elizabeth Dole and ask them how they got to be where they are and what advice do they have for me, Tracy, her daughter.
Hey, that's super Here they are.
(resigned) Right Looks good to me.
Should be easy.
well, good luck Tracy You know, Mr. M., when I win the presidency, that means you and I are going to be spending a lot of time together next year.
That's good.
Thank God for Diane.
She was my best friend, my source of love and strength.
No, it didn't bother me at all I Paul... Paul... power... Paul... Paul for President... progress... promise... peanut... Paul-i-tics... yeah... President Paul... Punt for Paul!
Everyday I found some new way to tell Lisa I loved her.
We made a great team!
My leg wasn't bugging me too much, and the weather was so nice.
It was like we were in a world all our own.
Around that time Diane and I were hanging out a lot at Sherry Novotny's house, giving her our love and support and helping her make it through a difficult time.
He likes it.
Give him to me.
Well, Sherry's great.
Oh yes.
Calm down, Tracy.
I love Millard High, and I will be a dedicated vice President.
(cracks himself up) Thank you.
Poet Henry David Thoreau once wrote, "I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better."
With this election, we here at Millard also have an opportunity to make our high school days better.
I won't bore you with long- winded promises about all the new and innovative things I will definitely achieve during the year in which it will be my honor and privilege to represent each and every one of you, but I can say that my years of experience on the student council have taught me the three most important attributes the president needs to possess; commitment - Eat me Eat me raw!
You'll be voting for yourself and for every other student Our days won't be any longer, but they can sure be better.
Thank you.
Vote Paul Metzier for president thank you.
(grumbling) Yeah... whatever.
Mr. McAllister, we have worked together on SGA for three solid years and...
But someday maybe you'll learn that being smart and always being on top and doing whatever you need to do to get ahead, and yes, stepping on people to get there, well, there's a lot more to life than that.
But I also think certain young and naive people need to thank their lucky stars and be very, very grateful the whole school didn't find out about certain indiscretions which could have ruined their reputations, and chances to win certain elections.
Looks at her skeptically doesn't say a word.
That our marriage had become a charade?
That making love with Sherry had given me a vision of a better life?
Didn't I have my own life?
Didn't I have my own dreams?
Big day today (putting on a smile) Oh, yeah.
Good morning, students.
Have a nice day.
I trusted you.
I love you.
If only my own life could be corrected so easily, with nice fat black lines drawn neatly through my sins.
And Sacred Heart is such a good school.
Excellent school.
Well, we've had good luck at Millard, but for this one it's time for a change.
Sacred Heart has the prettiest.
They have that nice hint of purple.
Phil you ready?
(through her smile) Just wait.
It's been fun competing with you.
I'm just glad it's over.
Act surprised.
Thank them for this incredible honor.
We'll begin with president.
It's my pleasure to announce the next president of Millard High School.
Paul Metzier! Geez, you guys, thanks a lot.
I promise to do my best and really do a good job and be a good president.
And I just want to say that I think Tracy would have made a great president too and that she really deserves a big hand.
We came to celebrate my victory, and I can't believe it.
(extending his hand) Hi.
My wife -- This is great.
Thanks, I'll be fine.
Good school.
I was thinking it would be cool to have, like a carnival.
One vote... one vote Why don't you take a couple of my pills, darling?
sshhhhh... that's it, baby... that's it, darling.
Everything's going to be fine.
Those in favor.
On top of a very successful student council year, I got into Cornell like I wanted, with scholarships, and I was in the top 7th percentile of my graduating class.
Have a great summer.
It was great working with you.
Smarter, more ambitious friends.
Well, you came to the right place My mother's buying me a new car for college.
Good for you.
That sounds good.
Well, I... I... that's very nice of you.
What's the deal?
What's so funny?
How does the family survive?
Sensitive, loving parents.
That's great, Wendell.
A beautiful boy.
That's good.
Oh yes.
Like I said, they always came out together to see him off to school.
He was such a beautiful boy.
Bear won first prize.
He would have been a wonderful man.
Billy loved to see his kids in the bus.
It comforted him.
A cup of tea would be nice.
(to the kids) Was it good?
Morning, Dolores.
It was a wonderful time in our lives.
I finally got a doctor on the line.
He sounded young, but cool.
'Now you listen', he said, 'There's a good chance you can get her to me before her throat closes, but the important thing is to keep her calm.'
He asked if there was one of us she was more relaxed with than the other.
I said, 'Yes, with me.' Which was true enough, especially at that moment.
One part of me was Daddy, singing a lullaby to his little girl.
Well I don't.
You better.
And you can sleep in my new bed with me too.
It's a present.
Aren't you hungry, honey?
And we will thank the Lord for that every day and night for the rest of our lives.
It's not going to be easy.
Because we love you so much.
Well, Mr. Stephens is representing several families.
That you were a smart man.
That you were so smart that you were going to sue the town, then make us all feel better... (voice over) You're good at that.
That's my daughter.
But as I sat there, staring at Daddy, I knew it was going to be the easiest thing in my life.
I smiled at him, but he only glared back at me, as if I was to blame.
(voice over) For he led us, he said, to a joyous land, Joining the town and just at hand, Where waters gushed and fruit-trees grew, And flowers put forth a fairer hue, And everything was strange and new...
I let you watch your nature show.
How they loved to have me read to them before they slept.
To the best of your recollection?
The speedometer was large and easy to see from where I was.
(voice over) A town of people living in the sweet hereafter.
(voice over) Whether others defend us, protect us, love us or hate us - they do it to meet their own needs, not ours.
This is what I found out.
I brought you a special present.
A book? That's right.
And this is a special book.
Miracles.
(Book open now, be begins to read.)
The Princess Bride, by S. Morgenstern.
(off-screen) Her favorite pastimes were riding her horse and tormenting the farm boy that worked there.
(to the kid) Isn't that a wonderful beginning?
(off-screen doing his best) Yeah.
I want to see my face shining in it by morning.
(off-screen) That day, she was amazed to discover that when he was saying, "As you wish," what he meant was, "I love you."
(off-screen) And even more amazing was the day she realized she truly loved him back.
(reading again) Westley had no money for marriage.
This is true love.
(off-screen reading) Westley didn't reach his destination.
(off-screen reading) Five years later, the main square of Florin City was filled as never before to hear the announcement of the great Prince Humperdinck's bride-to be.
(raises his hands, starts to speak) My people ... a month from now, our country will have its 500th anniversary.
My people ... the Princess Buttercup!! (off-screen) Buttercup's emptiness consumed her.
(off-screen) Despite Humperdinck's reassurance that she would grow to love him, the only joy she found was in her daily ride.
(slaps the horse's rump) Go! Once the horse reaches the castle, the fabric will make the Prince suspect the Guilderians have abducted his love.
I agree with Fezzik.
He's right on top of us.
(staring back now) We're safe -- only FEZZIK is strong enough to go up our way -- he'll have to sail around for hours 'til he finds a harbor.
You were this great, legendary thing.
Please.
(looks down again) My God! He's climbing.
Well, it's the only way I can be satisfied.
Thank you.
I swear on the soul of my father, Domingo Montoya, you will reach the top alive.
(pulling his sword) Thank you.
Thank you.
He was a great swordmaker, my father.
The minute his head is in view, hit it with the rock!
It's not my fault being the biggest and the strongest.
And a good thing too.
Good.
So I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you.
So I can clearly not choose the wine in front of you.
But, you've also bested my Spaniard which means you must have studied.
I asked him what was so important for him.
You're alive.
Skip on to the Fire Swamp -- that sounded good.
I'm not saying I'd like to build a summer home here, but the trees are actually quite lovely.
Well now, that was an adventure.
Singed a bit, were you?
I myself am often surprised at life's little quirks.
It intrigued Roberts, as did my descriptions of your beauty.
"Good night, Westley.
Good work.
It was a fine time for me.
What? -- go on -- Well, Roberts had grown so rich, he wanted to retire.
Your true love lives and you marry another -- (to the crowd) -- True love saved her in the Fire Swamp, and she treated it like garbage.
Bow to the Queen of Slime, the Queen of Filth, the Queen of Putrescence.
It comes to this: I love Westley.
If Westley wants you, bless you both.
A trifle simple, perhaps, but her appeal is undeniable.
But it's going to be so much more moving when I strangle her on our wedding night.
Now, where is that secret knot?
Tyrone, you know how much I love watching you work.
Beautiful, isn't it?
At present I'm writing the definitive work on the subject.
(off-screen) The day of the wedding arrived.
Where were we? Oh yes.
We're closed!
We need a miracle.
Your first story was better.
Hey! What's so important?
What you got here that's worth living for?
... tr ... oooo .... luv... True love.
Sonny, true love is the greatest thing in the world.
Except for a nice MLT, a mutton, lettuce and tomato sandwich, where the mutton is nice and lean and the tomato is ripe.
They're so perky, I love that.
You never had it so good.
My God -- (retreating) Don't say another word, Valerie.
My brains, his steel, and your strength against sixty men, and you think a little head jiggle is supposed to make me happy?
Fezzik sets it up right for him) Thank you.
(whirling to the King and Queen) Escort the bride to the Honeymoon Suite -- I'll be there shortly.
Please.
Thank you -- (can hardly be understood) Strange wedding.
(smiling away --his hearing isn't what it once was) Won't that be nice?
It's simply incredible.
How marvelous.
Oh, Westley, darling.
(more kisses) Westley, why won't you hold me? (gently) Gently.
At a time like this that's all you can think to say? "Gently?" (not so gently) Gently!! Good heavens.
A wave of love swept over them.
(off-screen) Since the invention of the kiss, there have been five kisses that were rated the most passionate, the most pure.
We're building a tree house.
Morning, Chef.
Good.
I'm proud of that.
First day of search party for Sam Shakusky.
Performed by the Choristers of St. Jack Wood and New Penzance One Year Earlier What kind of bird are you?
He likes you.
Good.
How does that sound?
It cools your head down.
This is my favorite record album.
My godmother gave it to me for my birthday.
I like stories with magic powers in them.
We can share.
Which one's the best?
Suzy! Dinner!
Come down and read this.
Good evening.
How can we help her?
Well, it doesn't matter, anyway.
Was he a good dog?
He's got great marksmanship.
Sam's got excellent wilderness skills.
No, ma'am, but -- Well, I am! Easy does it.
Calm down, Laura.
I love you, but you don't know what you're talking about.
I love you, too.
Good.
On the beach.
That was one of the best- pitched camp-sites I've ever seen.
Go ahead, New Penzance.
(from the heart) Gadge?
I've got to do better.
We're here for friendship.
Can we trust him?
Good.
Great.
You'll be better off without me.
Her yellow hair, now brown at the roots, caught up in the wind and danced.
It's her magic power!
Well, it couldn't be helped.
Congratulations.
Performed by the Choristers of St. Jack Wood and New Penzance More sandbags!
Field Mate Redford, sir.
We might have to swim for it.
I didn't bring my life jacket.
What's the legal perspective?
You guys, it's your birthday.
It feels much better than it looks.
Okay, you got your small gifts this morning.
Oh my God! Oh my God! Yes! Too cool!
Since neither of you wanted a party this year, we were able to splurge.
You got me surgery for my birthday?
(overcompensating) Cool.
I'm willing to pay top dollar.
(o.s. ) Me and Jeff are gonna pay that tree house of yours a little visit tonight.
I'll finish this tonight!
Friend.
This is only my second session, but she's good.
I'm her daughter.
It's right that I make them.
It'll make you feel better.
It's macaroni and cheese.
Football?
I love it.
Thanks.
Because I've never seen a child so out of shape in my life.
Great.
That's what your brother's life is worth.
Ashley, calm down!
I was in the mood for a picnic.
Meet me by the cement mixer when you're ready.
A sign which is telling me, life is short, so you gotta do what makes you happy.
Good for you.
Besides, I like music, and I owe you for bringing me lunch.
A year ain't shit!
The Doors song.
Come on baby light my fire.
Fantastic.
Everything reminded me of Rudy.
I am alive!
Your mother is alive!
I became overcome with joy because I realized how lucky we are to still have you.
I love you.
I was amazing.
I was magic.
I have made it my duty to clean this place from top to bottom.
Join me in this celebration of life.
A symbolic gesture of cleaning out the old and bringing in the new.
Good night, Dad.
She will play the theme from "Love Story" on the flute.
Thank you, Mr. Farmer.
I'm not going to play the theme from "Love Story".
Um... this is a song... (to Mr. Farmer) What?
This is a song by The Doors.
You were awesome.
You were great.
So you really enjoyed it?
Good song.
You're so sweet.
I had a great time.
He's looking good.
I'm proud of him.
I can't take your Halloween candy.
You'll be doing me a favor.
Chocolate gives you zits.
So work is good?
He was one of my best friends.
Why are you smiling?
An IPOD! Sweet!
I love it.
I'm going for a bike ride.
Fine, I'll get the drinks.
When all is cool, I'll come for it.
Malee, dinner!
I got a new look.
You look... Beautiful?
My God, you look... Different?
Beautiful.
You look beautiful.
You're new brother.
It's nice to meet you.
Everything is fine.
I admit he was easier to raise, but we didn't love him more.
Jacob, listen to me.
You do the best you can as a parent.
I'll take good care of it.
We're brothers.
And to give you this.
Whatever you get me will be fine.
A guy in my office is getting married, and I got clipped four bucks for his wedding present.
You ought to go, have a little fun for yourself.
That's a good philosophy to start a marriage with.
Listen, you don't have to pretend you're excited about the baby.
We weren't exactly planning on a baby right now ... I'm not upset about the baby.
Well, give me a couple of days to get used to the idea.
Did you see that blonde who picked him up for lunch last week?
It's all right for him to go rooting around town, picking up girls.
Did you see that blonde who was up here looking for him last week?
He walks out of here on payday, he can spend the whole works on having himself a good time.
The following inscriptions should be on them: (reads from the paper) On the military set: "To Arnold: Best wishes on your marriage from Alice, Charlie, Eddie, Evelyn, Jeanette with two t's, Kenneth, Lucy, Mary, Olga, Walter, and Flaherty."
.... Yeah, that's right -- Flaherty.
Now, on the wallet, the following inscription: "To my Best Friend Arnold from his Best Man Eddie."
... No, to my best friend Arnold.
"From his best man Eddie" ... Now, can I come in at lunch and pick them up?
(to the others) Now who owes me on the presents?
Well, he didn't know either, so he said: "Come on over to my girl's house with me tonight.
He's the bride's uncle.
Eddie breaks into a smile) Funny, huh? ... Look, Frances.
The bachelor party's tonight....
(handing Arnold two neatly wrapped packages) Well, anyway, in all seriousness, here are a couple of presents from all of us in the office and good luck.
(smiling) Arnold, you're getting married Sunday, did you forget?
De-Witt C-l-i-n-t-o-n Boom! Clinton!
(singing) ... Give her three times three Oh, fellows ... Rah! Rah! Rah!
(with a Mona Lisa smile) Where are you all from, out-of-town?
We're from Terre Haute! (to The Existentialist) We're from Terre Haute, and we've come to the big city looking for a good time, and we just don't know what to do with ourselves, ma'am.
(beside himself with laughter) Hey, Charlie, cut it out, will you?
(to Charlie) You're going great, man, don't stop now.
(to The Existentialist) Where are you going, honey?
(to The Existentialist) What's going on in there, honey?
How nice to see you, darling.
Who are your friends?
(laughing) Eddie, we're married men here.
I've been to these Greenwich Village parties.
(coming reluctantly back to the others, says to Charlie) Man, you were going strong with that girl.
That's a nice title, don't you think?
Arnold, you've got a great career ahead of you.
So out came the beer.
Well, they've been after Charlie to have a baby for a long time now.
No, no, I've been drinking beer for the last two hours, celebrating your baby.
Well, listen, he was interning at the time.
He's so sweet.
Nobody knows how really sweet he is, he's so quiet all the time.
My Mike's a good doctor with a pretty good practice.
Listen, I will take a cup of tea if you've got one.
The party's getting a little wild in there anyway.
This is a good time to blow.
I'd like to do that!
Tonight was the first laughs I've had in years.
I can't remember the last time I had so much fun.
I can support a wife and baby on what I make.
Boy, what a time to have a baby.
Alice was carrying our first baby.
Some guys have to make peace with themselves that they're never going to amount to too much.
Once I made that peace with myself, I found out it doesn't really matter what you amount to.
But you don't have to make that kind of peace, and you'd be crazy to settle for less than what you want.
I think that's wonderful.
(touched) You're a nice guy, Kennie.
You're a nice guy too.
What's so special in your home?
(smiling amiably) We got to get up tomorrow, go to work, Eddie.
(Arnold smiles a mysterious smile, pregnant with sensual meaning) Hey, Charlie, let's go to this party.
I better give them their money.
This is your baby too.
But it was easy for me because I loved you.
And this baby because it's you, too.
(staring at the wall ahead of her) I don't care what you do, Charlie.
It's awfully funny.
He's engaged to a Javanese girl with wonderful planes in her face who lives at the International House.
Well, meanwhile, my new landlord was grabbing my arm and kept quoting poetry to me which he was trying to pass off as his own.
We better get him home.
We start out celebrating the guy's wedding; we wind up breaking his engagement.
He lives in Queens somewheres.
Well, be nice to her, Arnold.
If she's a halfway decent girl, she'll try to understand how you feel, and, if she loves you, she's going to make it her job to make you happy.
That's what love is, Arnold, when you have somebody else in the world you want to be happy.
But my wife knows that I need this to be happy, and she does everything she knows to help me.
And we've got a baby coming.
But if you love that baby and you love your wife, then it's easy.
I want her to be happy.
Between best friends.
Talk of the town, birthday girl.
And what, pray tell, are you willing to wager when I win?
I had it at the dive meet, I'm sure... Ladies, Gentlemen, friends, raise a glass to Marie, on her eighteenth birthday.
Wherever she is now, Julie's looking down and smiling.
And that's why, on your eighteenth birthday, Marie, I know your mother wanted you to have... ... she wanted you to have... a wonderful birthday party surrounded by all your friends.
Shouldn't you be with your friends?
Betcha proud of little Marie now, huh?
But...what about...my present... I'm going to the condos.
You're best friends are you?
(sotto) It's present time.
You've made an important step.
So...what about my present?
Meet me at the Museum.
She's taken me for everything I'm worth.
Was just in town for a couple days checking in on some parolees when all this went down...
It's the only thing standing between my friend and a ten year stretch...
To help your friend.
Please...
We are prepared to make it worth your while.
For good.
I ain't gonna flaunt it, mate.
I promise.
Just sit back, relax, enjoy the trip...Don't forget to come again.
They were your inheritance.
With the diamonds.
I appreciate the help... Right back at ya.
I convinced the board of the extraordinary circumstances surrounding... Good. he fishes in her bag for the diamonds... I...I received a call from your 'associate'.
Can't believe they were our top attraction all these years... That's my inheritance is it, Mom? Goddamn Christmas ornaments... 03/22/2004 71.
That's your brilliant plan?
What a pleasant surprise.
Please...
The daughter.
No need to be so hard on yourself, Morrison... (beat, smile) That's my job.
My job was easy.
From here on out, it's the good life.
Hellova party.
Your daughter...
Not on your life.
Brandt is with him, scribbling in his ever-present datebook.
Brandt accepts the gift, looking up from his book.
Get me Colonel Brandt... (staying cool) Colonel?
I can be at your office first thing tomorrow morning to pick it up.
Tresckow plays it cool, removing his pistol from its holster and handing it over.
What matters is having the strength to do it.
Stauffenberg smiles bitterly and gets in the jeep as: BOOM.
Beck hides a slight smile.
Then a wave of laughter.
I beg your pardon, Colonel, but you are in the presence of men who would have been Hitler's inner circle.
(to Berthold) It's a wonderful surprise.
Thank you, brother.
He'll make a good Chancellor.
It's no different than a farmer watching the corn grow.
Plenty of people thought- The greatest offenders are not the ones who thought better but the ones who sensed better.
Valkyrie is top secret plan to mobilize those men in a national emergency.
Beck agrees.
You were right what you said that first night.
It's clear now that without you we have no hope of success.
It's the only time I can relax.
There's a man here to interview as your adjutant.
Then we can travel as a family.
I love you, Nina.
And I love you... What- PAPA, COME AND PLAY WITH US. (Etc.)
I'm one of the inner circle now.
The others are stunned.
That call better have been important.
They're safe.
(more to himself) Like a farmer watching the corn grow.
Gentlemen, this is the most important day of your lives.
Thank you.
The officers laugh nervously, relieved he was not insulted.
Stauffenberg is excited by a potential bonus.
Thank you.
Please.
Free.
It's too great a risk.
His eyes sweep across Olbricht's desk, past his files, his stationery, framed photographs of his family.
Then he looks up at a portrait of Hitler.
Mertz approaches a LOWLY TELECOMMUNICATIONS OPERATOR.
Tanks and heavy equipment are once again made ready.
Stauffenberg, Mertz and Olbricht march with great purpose.
At first he speaks quietly, humbled.
(shaking hands) Helldorf, I'm... glad to see you.
Stauffenberg looks at Beck with surprise.
The two men share a look.
And those words bring a genuine smile to Stauffenberg's face.
We can clearly read Fromm's lips, shouting: "MAKE READY..." Stauffenberg and Haeften share a reassuring smile.
Remer watches bitterly from the shadows, focusing his hatred not on the conspirators... but on Fromm.
Fromm smiles to himself, satisfied.
I see in this the hand of Providence... directing me to complete my work.
Hitler's gift to Germany.
(announcing it loudly) This is a heisted car!
Ahhh come on baby...willya'...cut it out.
I've only had him a couple of days.
I'm surprised at you Tone.
What good is it?
We're closed.
Hi beautiful!!!
I love you.
What gets me is your attitude.
Listen... tomorrow you show up.
I promise.
Ok, now that that's over with...what are you gonna make me for breakfast?
(rising from bed) Listen...I'm a guest here.
Grow up.
Yeah this man and woman next door are disturbing the peace.
Yeah, right... thanks.
Well...with the hotel that's ten... fifteen... Here.
God willing.
Watch your language.
Well you can't blame them in a way.
The green capsules in the top drawer.
One more time...play it again... over the music) Take a drink!
He's got the best.
Sssh! Quiet.
That's good business.
Thanks.
Ok guys...have a heart.
I'll probably get drunk at that party...it isn't every day you send one of your best friends off to war for God and country... gotta have a party.
I mean, he's a nice kid.
'And with your spirit.' (gesturing with his drink) Salute!!! (taking on the guise of an interviewer) 'Art thou the King of the Jews'?
Well, he isn't.
That'll help you out fine.
That's the best way for you, not for me!
Wha? "Short Happy Life of Francis Macomber."
Oh yeah...didn't read it but I saw the movie...Gregory Peck...pretty good.
This Johnny Boy is like your mister Groppi...a little crazy.
It's nice you should help him out because of his family and our family but watch yourself...Don't spoil anything.
Sounds good.
Listen, I'm looking for your cousin.
No, I'm serious...You're really good.
In a little while...I'm gonna have the opportunity of opening my own place...not here...much nicer than this...uptown...sort of nite-club and restaurant and everything.
Yeah, you know...you greet the people...see them to their tables... well...it'll be different though... Listen...why don't we get together and talk after your show tonight.
We'll meet on the corner of 6th Avenue and Waverly Place after you finish.
We don't wanna get Charlie here in trouble, do we?...We love Charlie.
You have to understand Charlie, here...he gives of himself to help others... I'm going to go home.
Better than nothing.
Play the radio...play music...you're going to a party... louder!
Good night...Good night...thank you...good night!
Palm trees.
Thanks for the ride.
And don't worry, you can trust me.
Thanks.
What's so funny?
(glad to see him) Hooker!
How ya doin', Jimmy.
The 4-9 been lookin' good today.
I'll square it with the fixer.
No use dyin' for 2 grand.
Listen to me, Hooker.
Thank you.
(showing Hooker photographs of three men) These are Combs' favorite torpedoes.
He's been taking the 8:10 Century Limited outa New York on Friday and getting in here early Saturday morning.
I also gotta win.
And let me pay ya for these beers.
(with pride) For fifteen years.
Nice work, J.J. (sloppy drunk) Keep your mitts off me, ya big lug.
Fifteen grand.
Yeh, that'd be real nice of ya, Mr. Lonneman.
I don't run with riffraff and I only drink on weekends.
Get yourself a nice tweed one.
(likewise) See ya and raise three.
Couple more like that and we can all go to bed early, huh boys.
I was in Maxwell's boost in Troy.
Yes, Mr. Ruth, 20,000 on Dancing Cloud.
Around the first turn it's a War Eagle first by a length, Jail Bate second by one and a half, Dancing Cloud third by a half on the outside, followed by Lucky Lady, Mojo, Wits' End and Bluenote.
Into the clubhouse turn, it's War Eagle by two lengths, Dancing Cloud has moved up to second by a half, Lucky Lady is third by three followed by Jail Bait, Mojo, Bluenote and Wits' End.
Into the backstretch it's War Eagle still by a length, Dancing Cloud closing on the inside, is second by two, Lucky Lady is third by one and a half, followed by Bluenote, Jail Bait, Wits' End and Mojo.
You're doin' great, Eirie.
He loves ya.
Lucky Lady is fourth by four lengths, followed by Jail Bait, Wits' End and Mojo.
Coming down the stretch, it's Dancing Cloud by one length, War Eagle and Bluenote are neck and neck by two.
Now it's Dancing Cloud, Bluenote and War Eagle.
(shouting now) Dancing Cloud and Bluenote head to head... Dancing Cloud, Bluenote.
Dancing Cloud, Bluenote.
He wants to see ya.
They think they're too good for regular people.
We do good work.
Thank you.
I got 750 grand coming in from the coast, and I'm not gonna blow it for a lousy 14 gees.
If we're lucky, this'll bring him back stronger than ever.
Meat loaf, apple pie and a cup of coffee.
Well give yourself a couple seconds, crumb.
Lt. Snyder here says you done a lotta griftin' in this town.
Grand larceny, extortion.
I'll make parole.
Until he's beat and the score is taken.
You see yourself doin' that and you realize it ain't worth it.
(pause) 'Course Chicago was a right town then.
(to Polk) Nice con, Hickey.
(laughing) You shoulda seen the rag he lit under Lonnegan.
But it's close.
You're amazing, kiddo.
Okay have a great day I love you I'll pick you up later gotta go...
Thank you for showing it to me first.
(grateful) Can... can... Can I have this?
(lighthearted) You'll be fine.
(to Andrea) He's as handsome as his father.
Well, he has been pushing me to meet his father, but I've been putting it off.
It's worth a shot.
Mom says I have your eyes and your -- (through clenched teeth) I... love... you.
You're better off anyway.
My mother said I might be able to visit her this summer in Orlando with her new family.
Here you go, buddy.
Gee, thanks friend.
Welcome home, Lenny!
(quietly) Welcome home.
Crockett!! Look what you made me do!
Why don't you fucking kiss her, Prince Charming!
(laughing) Typical psych major.
A complete wise ass.
And how's your project coming?
Nice to meet you, too.
Get dressed, Thumper, you're taking me out for my birthday.
How's my sweet girl?
Did Da -- Jason --- get good grades?
(smiling) Please.
God, Evan!
Mom's good... (declining) Not since we were kids.
You give good compliment.
This is too amazing!
Whoops.
(to himself) Come on, Mom, be there!
Only two weeks until your science projects are due.
I didn't lay a hand on you, okay?
(laughing) Me neither.
Oh my God, that was good.
What do you think it is about us that makes us so perfect?
Promise.
It's beautiful.
When I woke up this morning and saw your smile...
For you to help me.
That's great everyone!
Oh sweet Jesus.
It's a miracle!
A miracle!
(laughing) Signs of the Lord.
Today's your day of atonement.
Listen to me good, Evan... I'll do whatever you want.
Help me.
That's a great line.
Off to change everyone's life again, is that it?
(humble) Lord give me the strength and guidance I need to set things right.
Lady, stay back!
(re: Lenny's okay) Really cool.
Come on, Mom.
Well, that didn't work... Now in this part of the story, Robin Hood just married Maid Marian and they have to kiss and stuff like grown-ups do.
Amazing.
That word never fails to make an impression with you... Easy does it, Evan! Don't be a bad boy or I'll tell mommy you were naughty.
Hey, Mom, didja remember to bring those goofy old home movies we used to make?
See ya soon.
We're caught in a gravimetric field emanating from the trailing edge of the ribbon.
Easy there... It's going to be okay.
That he has been a good and solid officer on this ship for one score less twelve years.
(cont'd) Congratulations, Commander.
(smiles) Thank you, sir.
(to Riker) But the best thing about a life at sea was that they couldn't get to you.
The Royal... studs...? (smiles, points aloft) You see the top yardarm, now look to the -- Bridge to Commander Riker.
I'll be in my Ready Room.
(excited) Yes.
Please.
Once we've completed our work, we'll be happy to allow you and your fellow scientists back aboard the observatory.
Thanks.
I'd be happy to.
I appreciate your concern, but I'd rather not discuss it right now, thank you.
I can sense that Rene meant a great deal to you.
Toh-pak-cha... (Glorious...) HoS qorDu... (A great power...) (excited, to Soran) You've done it, Soran.
Oh yes.
(sings) "Life forms... tiny little life forms... where are the life forms --" Commander.
Fire! (excited) (as if to a child) Don't you have anything better to do? (to com) La Forge to Bridge.
Ten seconds to warp core breach.
toward the distant sun and disappears from view.
I... don't know what to say... Say Merry Christmas, Papa! (in a daze) Merry... Christmas...
I hope this is the book I asked for... take this one to Papa... (to Picard) Isn't the tree beautiful, Papa?
Oh yes... yes, it's astonishingly beautiful.
Thank you...
(excited) It's a sack-tent!
(smiles) Oh, a secret... well, that makes it a doubly special gift.
Thank you... thank you all... Merry Christmas, Papa...
I love You, Father... etc. (to Picard) I'll go get dinner ready.
But I never had a wife, children, a home like this... Enjoy them, Jean-Luc... Guinan, what are you doing here?
Beautiful day, isn't it?
These were Ktarian eggs -- her favorite.I was cooking them to soften the blow... (re: horseshoe) And I gave her this.
There are millions of lives at stake.
It's better.
Better?
This is my uncle's barn in Iowa... (re: horse) I took that horse out for a ride seven years ago... on a spring day.
If I'm right, this is the day I met Antonia.
Exciting for a few minutes... but in the end, you haven't really done anything... you haven't made a difference... Captain of the Enterprise, huh?
(musing) Of course, if Spock were here, he'd say I was being an irrational, illogical human for wanting to go on a mission like that... Sounds like fun.
(beat) Thank you.
It was fun.
Please.
Thousand bucks make it interesting?
Good.
(smiles sweetly at Kirov) Bring some balls.
But if we want any peace at all on Mars Two, I'm gonna be saying a lot of "Yes, dears."
It was their whole dream.
Must be a pretty funny feeling for Luke Graham.
Now he's gonna be in the history books.
I love you, Deb.
I love you too, baby.
But I guess I'll have my memories to keep me warm... Who's gonna read to me now, at bedtime?
I like when you do it.
And I'll know that you and Mommy, wherever you are, you're reading it too.
Good deal.
Can I have a hug?
(she smiles) It's his night, Deb.
A whole lot of folks here are gonna be mighty glad to see you.
Payloads... Listen to him.
Today is a very special day for a good friend of ours, and I know he's there right now.
Happy Birthday, Jimbo!
Take care, buddy.
They send their love and say take care of yourself.
Same from us here, buddy.
Before my sister's wedding.
Honey, do you mind?
I danced with you at our wedding.
He's good, but not for this.
But when you are, it ought to be given the best chance for success.
Ray, he's the best pilot I ever saw, and you've got him benched at a desk.
And that's a promise.
(smiles) I'm gonna get an update on SIMA.
I'm good to go.
Maggie was the best of us.
Engaged.
Engaged.
Power ready.
OK, we're ready to light this candle.
One kilometer, that's the best I can do!
I'm on path to overshoot.
The suit jets were designed for attitude control, not travel.
Listen to me, goddammit!
Woody...? I love you, Terri.
God how I love you.
That's great.
Good job.
They're alive.
Better?
You better... you better come see this for yourselves.
You were reading Treasure Island with him...! Don't hurt him!
And finally I got... this.
Thank God.
A self-portrait of whatever species created the Face.
Let's get a couple hours sleep, then tackle this thing when we're fresher.
Good work, Terri.
It means we're on the brink of the greatest discovery in mankind's history.
There's a better way.
Thank God! Listen, this storm is really -- (loud static) -- few more minutes, I can't -- (more static) You've gotta get back to the ship!
To follow them home.
Like Maggie said, "To stand on a new world and look beyond it to the next one."
Thanks for saving my life.
My pleasure.
Have a great ride.
You will not rape Mother Nature one more day!Whoa!
Mother Nature is not a whore/Don't dump in her any-more/Mother Nature is not a whore/Don't dump in her any- more... Take it easy!
NOW MOVE IT! Score one for the green team!!! Hey, man, that was righteous, but I need a shot with the sign up.
We saved you today, ol' gal.
Keep these on, sweetheart.
Mommy, I want Nemo.
Mommy's working on it.
I love a woman with enthusiasm.
You got one second to -- Take a good look and listen to me! There's at least a four of these things out there!
I'm the hero -- I got you!
The jungle has a new king.
Easy.
The biggest, the strongest...
Four are here, but there's three others... which I can't account for.
Here! Hey! Back off!
You can risk your life, but not mine!
My daughter's in Red Mountain.
Thank you.
And Red Mountain.
Your daughter.
Holy mother of...
Turn on the pump!
Well, justice is funny.
Yeah, thanks for that.
Cheese n' rice...
Good.
(to Heroine) I'm ready.
Easy breaths.
My magic potion.
Trust me.
Come on, bro.Lamaze.
Help!! Help me!!! Great god, why do you damn me?! Oh please, no.
Whoa... good one...
Promise.
Now is the time to band together.
(with hand out) Keys.
This one's great under pressure.
Do it!!! (to Heroine) Get out of water!!!
They will write stories of your bravery.
Ol' Crazy Horse has seen it.
They like the food that moves... Get on the tables!!! On the tables!!! Bonsai!
One down, one to go!!! (to Bartender) Help me! Come on!
Oh Jesussss... We had a good run.
Oh no... They're alive!
Honey!? Oh god.
Red Mountain, surrounding farms, local TV studio.
Sir, we have movement!
You're not safe, she's still alive, she'll be back... Relax.
G'morning.
(off Heroine's pause) You're in good hands now.
Jam, listen up.
Anyway, listen up.
The KISS tickets, you nimrod!
(to others) He's got'm!
(into phone) Cool.
Imagine having to stash your KISS records inside Carly Simon album covers.
Trip, a female gynecologist does not a lesbian make.
Lex's mom is cool about us crashing over here while she's out of town.
Ahh, sunshine.
Now don't forget you're on the honor system tonight.
And so handsome.
Did she comb your ass hair for you too?
Thanks.
Hey, take it easy, man.
KISS!
Trip, it's not the end of the world, okay?
I've been in love with her since the second grade.
...and this is Simple Simon on the rock of Detroit, W.A.R.P., home of the biggest KISS giveaway in the history of the universe!
We won?! Fuckin' A! Woooooo! (stoked) This is the best thing that ever happened to me at school!
The Chinese have a proverb: "That which appears too good to be true, usually is."
Simple-icity is more like it.
Well, the least we, his only buds in the world, can do is take him along with us tonight and give him one last curl before he starts serving his sentence.
Here's ten and I'm donating your tip to the church.
It finally speaks.
(belly laugh) You never once slaughtered the fatted calf for me!"
And then... (more belly laughter) Forgive me, Jeremiah, it's just that... I've been telling this gospel for years and...
A little to the right, pizza fellow.
Anyway, we're here to take our bud Jam to the big satanic KISS concert tonight.
Okay with you? (waving) Rock on!
Next stop: the 2:45 to Detroit Rock City! (screams) My mom's hubcap!
This is one hot pizza!
Stop singing... NOW! Hey, Kenny, look!
There's a hunk of fawkin' cheese on your windsheel!
Hey, disco dude, it's cool... Lemme paint you a friggin' picture ahright?
Nice and clean.
Let's leave KISS out of it.
Please.
Oh, great.
Whatever... stella.
(in reverence) We made it!
Just wanted to thank you in advance for handing over those burly-ass tix me and my buds won this morning.
Simple Simon on the Rock, go caller.
You just got yourself four tickets and four backstage passes to KISS live at Cobo Hall tonight!
Thank you God! Whoa, easy, Trip, this is radio, not "Taxi Driver."
Really, Trip, can we bore holes in your head and use it as a bong so it actually does us some good for a change?
This is KISS!
A victory for one is a victory for the team.
(inspired) Wait!
See you at 8:30, Jam.
They smile and laugh but their eyes have lost all hope!
This satanic group KISS has stolen their souls.
What a wonderful mass, Father/So inspirational, Father/Thank you.
Thank you/Come again next week.
Next mass is tomorrow morning, sister.
My son was about to defy God by going to that blasphemous KISS concert.
The easy way.
You look a little scrawny, but it's worth a shot.
Dude, if it were dancing the way Fred Astaire did it, I'd give it my best shot.
That's not the problem... They're playing disco music in there, man.
(voice cracking) Like to sign up for the contest.
The lady at the end of the bar sends her love.
Thank you, Father.
Let's have a big hand for Hawk!
We've got your KISS song playing and everything.
I gotta do it for KISS.
Thanks lady.
So, you see if it wasn't for me, me and my friends would be at that KISS concert right now... together.
I've loved you ever since I first laid eyes on you, Jeremiah.
The grand prize of seventy- five dollars goes to Troy the Human Jackhammer!
Splendid!
I love a good game of Name That Nightie.
I give up!
If you let me live, I thank you.
I dunno, but she sure looks fun.
Thanks.
You love him?
I just told you, he's a big, hairy... No, I mean... you love your son?
And he loves you back, doesn't he?
You're sweet.
Smile, you sonofa... Thank you!
Thank you!... Who are you?
You'd love her.
Then, you can spend your days in guilt-free pursuit of more constructive activities like telling everybody else how screwed up their lives are!
Lord have mercy!!
Please.
Well, dudes, the only way we're gonna see KISS this tour is by some fuckin' miracle.
It's a miracle!
A miracle! (laughing hysterically) Whose laughing now?! Whose laughing now, ya little shits?!
Ha-HA-HAAA! (arms outstretched) Take it easy, Elvis.
I win! Well...
(beaten) Go ahead, Jam.
And you got the best!
I would not want to be in your shoes in the morning.
(yawns) I was told this was exciting work.
It's good for you.
(the crew-cutted HENDRIX smiles Captain Frye, Captain Darrow.)
You and your men are new to me.
I'm well aware of your service records, Captain, they are excellent.
You both stand to profit from this.
Profit is not my motive, sir.
Plain and simple.
Well, I cannot.
Three purple hearts... two silver stars and... the Congressional Medal of... Jesus.
(looks up) The man is a hero.
Excellent.
The following is a state secret.
This man laughs at strong arm tactics.
Easy.
The story of Alchimadus.
That's a good one, Sanchez.
He'll eat him alive.
He's already had you for the first course.
In the sunshine?
whatever's in style.
oh fabulous.
Good.
Thank-you.
My secretary will take care of you.- (to Agent Star) See to the good man will you?
Cheers.
That's A..n..g..e..l .... Hello?
Way cool.
I join the F.B.I.
The Pentagonlll cave and we'll be headin, south of the border a million dollars richer. Hummel.
Listen up, men.
(Dando stops buckling) What if this thing crashes ... Smile Goodspeed.
Live a little.
Welcome to the Rock.
Goodspeed follows him.
Goodspeed follows.
Make a trade?
My god what have I done ... It's not too late, General.
Well it happens to be my favorite fuckin, song!
Pier 39 ... (freezes) My god he's alive.
Is Mason-alive?
You surprised me, kid.
He saved my life, sir.
You never saw your Mom and me kiss like that? (to LYNN) Hey, it's OK to talk about her.
You never saw us kiss like that?
How did you see us kiss?
That little peck of a kiss?
Great.
Whoops.
(not so sure) Perfect.
Come with me, honey.
Hey! I'll take the girl.
She's good with kids.
We're your daddy's friends.
These are our friends.
Hi, Jack! Laughs.
(loudly) It's loud!
Let's get down to business.
Brilliant.
Watch it, buddy!
You free?
(laughs) Whoops!
Nice speech.
They love you.
That's the way life works.
I've done much better ones than this.
Oh, yes.
That's good.
(checks her watch) That's good, sweetie pie.
What you need is a shoe shine, shoe shine, shoe shine today.
Put the world in perspective.
Don't denigrate yourself, my friend.
Now you take tips.
Time was a tip was between a man and his customer.
She made up her mind and she did it.
Yes, well, you know, for a quality shoe you can't beat a good wingtip.
Thanks.
She's dumping the Good Old Boys like yesterday's newspapers.
You'll wake the baby up.
I'm listening, I'm listening.
My friends, my good friends... Please...please...you have to believe me...
They have my daughter.
I'm putting my daughter's life in your hands.
Will you trust me now?
The man following me has a walkie- talkie.
But... Trust me.
Trust me.
And though I can never forget William and Bill Junior or the love I felt for them...
I have found joy again in serving this great state.
I have found love again in my second husband Brendan...
Brendan, listen to me.
They have my daughter.
And on the strength of this story, you bring this man to Brendan's suite?
What you need is a shoe shine, shoe shine, shoe shine today.
Put the world in perspective.
Do me a favor.
Can I give you a shine, sir?
What gives?
Yes, sweetie, it's me.
To be a hero?
But I've built a good solid business out of nothing.
Laughs.
Trade with Gustino.
Thank you.
Only you can help me.
Three lives depend on you listening very carefully to what I have to say.
And I have siesta hair.
It's an important speech.
Nice to see you, Eleanor.
He's my friend.
I don't care what the polls say, you can't afford to relax.
Ladies, gentlemen, it is my great pleasure to introduce to you the esteemed spouse of our Governor.
Let's give a big L.A. welcome to Mr. Brendan Grant.
We have with us today the first woman Governor of our great state... Governor Eleanor Samara Grant.
She's a woman who loves our great state.
A brilliant legislator.
...who will soon win her second term as the greatest Governor California has ever seen!
I am honored to present to you our esteemed Governor and my beloved wife, Eleanor Samara Grant!
Thank you!
He's a hero.
Thanks for the shine.
Thanks for the tip.
Kisses to you.
(proudly) Smartest guys in the world.
I love Africa.
Only with the memories of making love with you on the plains of Fianga as the first Army of Liberation marched in and opened fire.
You're great at it.
Alex, you're going to make a great anchorman in New York and undoubtedly I could be a Pulitzer Prize winning hostess -- but I'm not going with you.
Rafael, Rafael, Rafael... libre o muerte... Rafael... Welcome to Managua.
She works for the hotel and helps out as a translator.
My pleasure.
He said he considers it an honor to be able to photograph our war.
(beat) Congratulations on your cover.
(impressed) Congratulations.
(beat) C'mon, we've all got something to celebrate.
Well... "Well"... you finished your assignment in Chad?
In nineteen thirty-four he was murdered at a peace conference, and the Somoza family has ruled ever since... No, no, no...
Victoria's better.
(shakes hands, a perfunctory kiss on her cheek) Jeez, Claire, I haven't seen you since... Three Mile Island.
Before you fall in love -- that's Marcel Jazy... friend of wine, women, and Somoza.
Hi, baby!
She has? Good.
I don't understand you -- you're big and strong and handsome but you're not so smart!
They love being beaten up by a woman (beat) I've been looking for you all night -- why'd they lock you up?
That sounds good.
You win, I'm a spy.
(smiles) There, are you happy?
I used to be much better at it, but now it seems everyone knows who I am.
So was I. (beat) You ever dream about me?
Better light?
Come! Everybody come!
Awright, awright -- you're lookin' good... how ya like Nicaragua?
It's beautiful.
Much better than Koufax.
Koufax is okay... but Tippy Martinez, he is the best... he pitches for the Baltimore Orioles, and some day I will be the second man from Nicaragua to play in the major leagues... (to Price and Claire) Tippy Martinez had a good fastball, but Pedro has a curveball and a screwball that are better.
I love you and I'll finish this letter when I get back to the hotel.
You look beautiful.
Wait'll you see the pictures -- you look great.
You two wanta happy snap?
(smiles disarmingly) Don't look, huh? (beat) No mire!
We are a stunning couple, eh?
We are a stunning couple.
Listen, Russell, let's grow up.
It's very easy to fall in love with the underdog, eh?
But it's great P.R.
My people love me.
I love the press, I really do.
(she nods) Good, good... My friends... this gathering was not intended to be a press conference as much as a... "get-together"... but I have just been handed a piece of news.
Every six months Tacho gives this speech -- maybe they finally lucked out.
Everybody smile.
Great job.
We need a photograph.
(You are a great photographer.
Make him alive.)
(to Claire) Why is he laughing?
When there's better light!
It civilized.
I'm great at distinctions.
Yes! (beat -- changes direction) My job is to find a story, then tell a story -- whatever it is -- because I believe that if enough people hear enough stories then somehow, through information alone, we all have a better chance to survive.
(beat) Journalists don't fall in love.
I love you.
Congratulations.
(nervously) Well, yes... it's fabulous.
You look good.
I'm happier in New York, sure, things are great.
It's a great story.
Nice, eh?
(Who are you?) (smiles) Una novia suya.
Well, they don't "seem" to be that great so I can't wait for this one... (mocks silliness) Hey, here we are!
Two guys in the tropics in love with the same dame... bullets flying!
No! I wanted Rafael to be alive.
It's great stuff, isn't it?
Which way's the hotel?
They are my friends.
Please...
Good.
I have a speech to make.
You fall in love with the poets, the poets fall in love with the Marxists, the Marxists fall in love with themselves.
A butcher. (beat) But finally that is not the point, you see.
(beat) Your picture of Rafael was brilliant... but I am alive, and better looking.
(smiles) Muy complicado, no? (in Spanish) Ready!
This wall's a nice color, eh?
(affectionately) That's great advice.
(It is good.)
It was the best I would do under the circumstances.
That's why we're having everyone write out a job description, mapping out in detail how they contribute.
(frank) I'm one of the good guys, Les.
So we've finally got new neighbors.
A substantial portion of the root structure was on our property.
As soon as you've prepared a nutritious yet savory meal that I'm about to eat, you can listen to whatever you like.
Welcome.
It's a dream come true for any cook.
Just filled with positive energy.
Baby.
(sing song) Rick-y!
What's new in the world, Dad?
Welcome to the neighborhood.
Welcome to the neighborhood.
Nice to meet you.
You know, like, say hello to Mr. Happy.
Please.
You love him.
And then the head goes down on that babe?
Re-Animator.
Honey, this is... (laughs) Ricky Fitts.
Nice meeting you, Ricky Fitts.
I love root beer, don't you?
Your dad's actually kind of cute.
(laughs) I would!
Can I give it to you in the morning?
One of my clients is a nurse in a pediatrician's office.
Two grand.
I know you're good for it.
Thanks.
No actually, it was great.
(smiles) I had my whole life ahead of me... My dad thinks I pay for all this with catering jobs.
I'm so glad.
Buddy.
Buddy.
Well, she certainly knew how to take advantage of the lifestyle my success afforded her.
(then, laughing) Ah, it's for the best.
When I saw you two at the party the other night, you seemed perfectly happy.
Well, call me crazy, but it is my philosophy that in order to be successful, one must project an image of success, at all times.
Because it was amazing.
What was amazing about it?
And what do you see? Beauty.
One of my clients is a locksmith.
You want to see the most beautiful thing I've ever filmed?
(to Lester) Why don't you tell our daughter about it, honey?
From now on, we're going to alternate our dinner music.
But in a way, I'm glad.
(laughs) Wait.
But it'd be nice if I was anywhere near as important to him as she is.
Well, now, I too need structure.
(smiles) It'll cost you.
Hey Lester, I need that Super Smiley with cheese, A.S.A.P.
(over speakers) What's good here?
(overly cheerful) Smile!
I want you to be happy.
I'm that good.
I'm the best piece of ass in three states.
(hugs her) I wish things would have been better for you.
This is the secret to "me- centered" living.
Please?
Because you're my friend!
And you'll never be a freak because you're just too perfect.
(quietly) Good for her.
(smiles, taken aback) God, it's been a long time since anybody asked me that.
(laughs) I'm great.
(an awed whisper) Wow.
And the first time I saw my cousin Tony's brand new Firebird...
And Janie... (with love) And... Carolyn.
We're your friends.
This is important, goddamnit!
Let's get right to the heart of this thing.
If a thing's worth doing, it's worth doing right.
The richest off-road race for motorcycles and dune- buggies in the history of organized sport!
(handing parking ticket to Valet) -- a fantastic spectacle in honor of some fatback grossero who owns the luxurious Mint Hotel in the heart of downtown Vegas... at least that's what the press release says.
It'll be a goddamn miracle if we can get there before you turn into a wild animal.
Four club sandwiches, four shrimp cocktails.
I want to study its habits.
... and nine fresh grapefruit.
Good, good.
Well, we start at dawn.
Get a good night's sleep.
(weakly) That's good...
Cover the story.
The racers were ready at dawn.
We wanted strong drink.
In this town they love a drunk.
Fresh meat.
Stand in front of this fantastic machine, my friend.
Step right up! Shoot the pasties off the nipples of this ten-foot bull-dyke and win a cotton candy goat!
Music! Turn it up.
Green water and the White Rabbit.
Whatever's right.
Help!
But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time and the world.
prevail.
We had all the momentum; we were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave...
When I finish testifying out here you'll be disbarred!
Well, thank you.
(laughing distractedly) You know--like "Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds."
Lucy! Lucy, be cool, goddamnit!
Lucy... this is my client.
He loves artists.
I drew these from TV. Fantastic.
She came all the way down here from Montana just to give these portraits to Barbra.
We're going over to the Americana Hotel tonight to meet her backstage...
(makes one-fingered Jesus freak sign) God bless.
Naw! That's science fiction stuff!
We keep it quiet.
God almighty!
Yes! ... then you'd notice about six huge hairy tits swelling up on your back... Fantastic!
You'd pay me for that?
Arthur Rock.
Inspector Rock will pay you.
I finally did it... Yeah, great.
Wait an I'll I go with you, honey... (changing his shoes) We gotta get on home an' relieve the sitter.
I'll settle up for the beers... (hands him the bowling shoes) An' walk Rayette over with you, will you.
(explaining) Yeah, 'cause she's so "twinky"... (looking from one to the other) Well, Betty and Twinky, it sure is nice talking to you girls.
We can still have a good time.
Sssh, come on now... (he kisses her) Be a good girl.
(kisses her again, then:) Now let's go over to El's an' have a good time.
Do you love me, Bobby?
You better get your butt off there, Bob! Come on, now!!
An' Stoney's brother was a well-puller, wad'n he, honey?
If you're sayin' you're somethin' better'n what I am, that's one thing.
Robert Eroica... Now don't... No, I'm not... (taking a deep breath, then:) I'm not.
That's good.
(setting the cup down on the piano) Here's your tea, Tita.
It has absolutely no objectionable idiosyncrasies... Robert... (stops playing) Very nice.
Well... (then, to Tita) I better let you... Wait... I'll walk out with you... I'll be back in two minutes!
No, I need to talk to you, about so many things... Well, I'll be seeing you in a couple of days, won't I? Oh God, I'm so glad, Robert, that you're coming...
Yeah, me, too... It'll be so good for you, and for Daddy, because you know, you've never really... (cutting her off) Tita, I've got to go...
I love it.
Palm Apodaca.
Are you on vacation?
And uh... can you imagine, if their doors were painted a pretty color, and they had a pot outside, with... Yeah, it could be adorable...
Don't call me "honey," mack.
Don't call me "mack," honey.
Fantastic!
It brings out my eyes... Bye, honey, I'll call you in a couple of days.
I wouldn't mind doing a little work, if you're finished, and not too tired... No, I'm finished... (placing a hand on his stomach) Satiety is my father and mother.
She'll probably be enormously successful, because she's attractive as well, not that that's so important in music, but... You're attractive, Tita.
I love to swim, and I don't mind the cold at all.
What're you doing right now... Right now I'm going to run a hot tub and soak myself.
If you're free.
You don't call that music, though.
No, thanks... Yeah, well fine, you know what I suggest, Ray... (listening) Because I don't know how long.
He does walk funny.
And that may be interesting, but it doesn't interest me... Serious, that's what's important to you? Yes, that's what's important to me... Okay, let's be serious... No, don't do that... Shut up...
He was a cellist, and I thought he was the most brilliant man I'd ever met...
Well, that's a blessing, at least.
You're more than welcome.
Well, thank you, that's a very nice thing for you to say.
That certainly is a beautiful head a hair you have.
Thank you.
And not unlike television, it hardly represents the real world... There's some good things on it, though.
Oh, there's always hope, I think, for a few individuals, if they're courageous enough to shed their illusions and their... (cutting her off) And what about love?
Wouldn't you agree that a great deal of mischief has been done in the name of love?
But keep in mind, even the arts aren't free of aggressive content, nor the institution of marriage.
(moving over to the bed) What's going on here!? It's none of your business!
Just stop it!! Carl!! Give up! Give up! Give up! Give up! Give up! Give up! Oh God, Bobby, look what you've done...
If a person has no love for himself, no respect, no love for his work, his family, his friends, something... How can he ask for love in return?
(looking back to her) That'll make you happy.
You tell Carl for me, if any of you folks wanta come on down to our place anytime, you'd be more'n welcome... Thank you, that's very nice.
"Your kiss is like a drink when I'm thirsty/An' I'm thirsty for you with all my heart..." "But don't love me/Then act as though we've never kissed/Oh, don't touch me..." "Don't touch me..." "Don't touch me..." "Don't touch me..." "Oh, don't touch..." Cut it out!
There id'n anyone gonna look after you an' love you better'n I do, you know that.
Baby?
It smells funny.
Yeah... it's the water pump.
Great.
Cheapest and the best.
Well... welcome to El Reno.
The sky's so beautiful here...
That is when the world will end.
I saw him out in front of the motel early this morning, alive and well.
I'm from Reedville, if you know where abouts that is... Well, have yourself some ice cream when you're done, on the house.
Can we help you?
I'm a grad student at Redlands... we've actually got a pretty cool geology lab there.
Have fun.
I'm throwin' a big party at my house tonight, you guys should come by.
We'll give you the VIP treatment, man... Sounds good to me.
Small towns.
How `bout your family?
When I was younger, my dance team was on Star Search.
Yeah, good place for it.
Well, it's already way past checkout time, so you'd better figure it out quick.
I trust you.
Thanks anyway.
A simple fire couldn't do that.
This is an extension of Satan's own hand... I've seen it coming.
Why don't you stop in and see Dr. Peters on your way out... right down the hall there.
She'll give you somethin' to make you feel better.
How long had you been plannin' your trip together?
If it wasn't for me, she'd still be alive right now.
Let's go... Good afternoon.
God bless you.
See ya.
It'll take years for him to work through what happened, but the best way to open those doors is to surround him with things that are familiar... Are you sure you don't want some more cake?
Billy... I- Only family and close friends are welcome here today.
See ya later, Sam.
Why don't you stop in and see Dr. Peters on your way out... right down the hall there.
She'll give you somethin' to make you feel better.
Thanks for the ride.
Thanks.
I'm making amazing discoveries every day, practically sleeping at the lab... I'm still doing some tests, but there's a metallic substance that's not showing up on the elemental What happened to your arm?
Thank you.
It's very important you promise me you won't tell anyone else what I've showed you.
Good.
(to Sam) I'll be right back with your breakfast.
What can I get you, honey?
Chris... you're a nice guy, but you don't have to be looking out for me.
I'm not gonna bullshit ya.
I got a pretty good idea this ain't the first time you done this.
I'm used to it... I'm lucky to have a job to do.
Yeah... I'd really love to check it out.
That's right where the fireworks'll come up.
And we can see the meteors better without all the lights from the town.
A little better... Good God... Is that from the meteorite?
Love is meaningless.
Everything that motivated my every breath while I was alive is meaningless now.
My story begins when I was twelve.
He felt something had to be done to create a better world.
He stole little me from my mother, his ex-wife, and raised me, with love and tenderness and respect, as an ape like himself.
It grows.
Aside from the great dental, this occupation was not pleasant.
The way that mouse looked at me.
I became a nature writer.
It turned the sky a queer shade of green.
I became a successful nature writer.
They loved me because I was me.
They loved me on the days I shaved.
They loved me on the days I didn't.
Progress!
Oh yes, honey.
Smooth as a baby's butt.
I love it, Rose.
Is that sexual?
Handsome, thirties, psychologist... Loves animals?
Loves animals.
Loves you.
Mr. handsome, animal- loving psychologist said he would love to meet you.
Your brother didn't tell him about the nature of our relationship, did he?
It looks wonderful.
You look wonderful.
I'm on top of the world tonight, Lila.
One goes from the outside in as the dinner progresses.
Boy, this is good!
(beat, blurting) It's only that I really enjoy your company and...
Please.
(happily) I don't care.
I cannot believe how in love I am with this man.
Marrying a midget was a cheap thrill?
Let me tell you, honey, midgets are the best kept secret in male companionship.
They're eager.
And they're exactly the right height for a little covert oral fun on the dance floor.
(screams with delight, then:) I have a friend you might like to meet.
Did I love her?
It's lovely to finally meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Bronfman.
Bingo!
Please.
He's happy here.
Never to know the love of a good woman, never to revel in the pitter-patter of little feet, never to read Moby Dick, or marvel at a Monet, or just sit back after a day of hard but rewarding work, smoke a pipe, and wonder about the nature of reality.
You give me this beautiful gift, this glorious sunset.
But with no one to say "isn't that a beautiful sunset" to, it becomes meaningless, just another stupid sunset.
Great.
Doctor... Good morning.
(in love with Nathan) Oui, doctor, oui.
Today is your day.
Well, I had a sweet little mongrel puppie named Puff when I was a girl.
Oui. (laughs) Now you've got me talking French.
(she does) Maybe I sing him a lullaby my mama sang to me when I was a little girl.
It's nice, yes.
It is two happy coincidences, no? Yes.
Happy happy.
A great man like you should not be sad.
You're a very pretty girl.
Thank you so much.
It's very wonderful to hear a man say such a nice compliment.
You are sweet.
You are an animal.
Anyway it's time he grew up.
Good.
Honey, can we talk tonight?
Everything's fine, honey.
Okay, we'll have dinner tonight.
Thanks.
Are you satisfied?
He was highly valuable to the project.
Oh, baby.
Oh yes, baby!
I think that this is a wonderful project you're doing, taking this poor unfortunate, uncivilized creature and turning him into a human being!
What a wonderful wonderful compassionate man you are! Really?
I love being a woman because...
That was wonderful!
You were wonderful today, darling.
It made me so hot for you.
Take me, darling!
Tame your little monkey of love! (sighing) Well, I'm tamed, Dr. Bronfman.
I'm glad... my assistant.
That's fair.
This is great, Puff.
I'm loving this.
What a wonderful invention a city is.
The immense buildings of glass and steel glinting in the afternoon sun, the smartly dressed women in their best summer frocks, the colorful street vendors.
Great salmon.
My compliments to the chef!
I'm glad you... Puff, no!
It's essential that I am able to trust you to function independently in the world.
Good.
Excellent.
I'm pleased.
Excellent work, Puff.
Good enough!
God, you're beautiful.
Please.
You look so beautiful.
(beat) I love you, Gabrielle.
Quiet evening enjoying his new digs.
(then casually) Oh, and what did you do tonight, honey?
And what did you do tonight, honey?
(pointedly) And what did you do tonight, honey?
I gave up my body hair!
Come stay with me until you get your strength back.
I want to look good.
Thank you.
(behind podium) Distinguished gentlemen and ladies of the psychological community, I stand before you today, a living testament to the amazing skill of Dr. Nathan Bronfman.
We're soul mates.
Souls have nothing to do with it, babe.
(sweet) Good.
Nice night.
Eventually, when we are ready, there will be none.
Well, you won't thank me, because we won't be speaking, but you'll sort of thank me with a special look, the look a dog gives you to let you know he loves you.
And over time, I began to remember the carefree joy of living in a pure state of being.
I began to fall in love with Lila.
Boy, you look so good from this ang...
(despondent) I'm glad.
And that's great.
But it would be great in a better way, not a better way but a different way, if I could find him and bring him back.
Good night.
(yelling) Aha!
(formally) It's a pleasure to meet you, mother.
It's good to see you again though.
Great.
No, it is never terrible to be in love.
Nathan was wonderful.
(smiling) Papa alwa ys said we should've joined the navy.
(looks fondly at his brother) You watch me now.
Better than you.
Smell better, too.
We did it, bro', WE DID IT! Whoeeeee!! Davey---!!!!
Now let me: tell you, gentlemen, if there's one thing on earth I could have had with me on that glorious day, it would have been this beauty...
I thank you.
I can almost see them in the shadows, their bodies whole and beautiful once more.
Sometimes it's as if they call to me in a sweet invitation -- "We are dead," they whisper, "and we are happy."
Is this why they gave their lives?
Please.
Don't expect me to go all weepy with gratitude.
(to Gant) Have you read his book.,
I enjoy reading military history.
Pleasure, Captain.
The Emperor will summon you at his pleasure.
I look forward to the opportunity of meeting him someday.
The Emperor bids you welcome.
He wishes you to know that he is most grateful for the assistance your country offers ours, in order to rid ourselves of the brutality of the provincial warlords - and to accomplish the same national harmony which you enjoy in your homeland.
He greets you with extreme courtesy and asks if you are ready to meet the Imperial Army.
For God's sake, let's not keep it a secret who's in charge here ... Mr. Gant.
I paid good money.
To those who honor the old ways, he's a hero.
He is my honored kinsman.
We grew up together in Yoshino.
He is Kaishaku the brother of my spirit.
They're savages with bows and arrows.
Old family businesses that own ever ything worth owning.
The molt powerful is the Omura Zaibatsu.
That's your friend, Omura.
Our destination is Yoshino, home of the rebel Katsumoto.
We are deep in the mountains and winter is coming.
(smiles) I enjoyed this conversation in your English.
I serve him with my life.
It is a holy Act.
A samurai's sword is his soul.
And where they meet is never perfect Hold the blade up. .
It is his honor you can never take awa y.
...I look forward to it.
From the moment they wake, they devote themselves to the perfection of whatever they pursue-- And yet the more time I spend here, the less I understand them.
House go back easy with wood.
And yet I have never seen a people with more capacity for the joy found in the simplest things of life.
(subtitles) You are alwa ys welcome in our home.
Do you drink tea?
The truth is I am not a very good poet.
(Algren smiles) Do you know wh y you were sent here?
(smiles) There is no gold in Japan.
As my country grows, so will his wealth.
I wish you peace.
Along with his friends at Mauser and Krupp.
Thank God we Americans still have a few teeth in our head.
I am pleased.
Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Thank you.
Again, you flatter me.
Then perhaps you will give it, as a token of future friendship - for which, as a friend, I would be in your debt.
And I will be grateful.
My God, it's the edicts... What edicts?
(subtitled) It is my honor to join again the men who are leading Japan into her glorious future.
(calm, subtitled) .
... But the views are pleasant.
I'm surprised you enjoy it.
(smiles) Queen Victoria.
I have followed your activities with great interest.
A play! Come on.
Do you have a better one?
This story was written years ago.
"I belong to the warrior in whom the old ways have joined the new."
[I wish you peace.]
(a grim smile) Dead to the last man.
He was Kaishaku ... my trusted friend.
Help me up.
We will ride together again.
...will usher in an era of unprecedented prosperity and cooperation between our two great nations.
He asked that I bring you this -- that the strength of the samurai will be with you alwa ys.
During my sleep I have dreamed.
I dreamed of a unified Japan.
A rock in the sea.
(subtitled) Sir...? (subtitled) I hereby seize your family's assets and present them as my gift to the people.
Are you happy?
I'm happy.
Great.
Hi baby.
Great.
Everything's going to be fine.
Promise?
I promise.
It's my birthday.
Then on Saturday my mom's taking me to Busch Gardens.
Continually voted one of the top ten roller coaster rides in America, the Alpengeist is a breathtaking avalanche of adventure.
It will be fun.
I better run.
Have a wonderful birthday.
This is good.
But it's an incredible opportunity.
Keep your voice down, everyone's watching.
Good.
Please.
Can I help you?
(off Paul's surprised look) It's a small town.
Why didn't you let him see me? Did you love him?
Please.
Thanks.
A buddy of the captain's.
And now she's at peace.
You had a long life.
Thank-you.
Each one is special.
It was a pleasure talking to you Jack.
Am I in heaven?
You'll be at peace soon.
I promise.
Say you love me.
It's my pleasure Mr. Merano.
Thank you.
In a red dress.
Anna doesn't have a red dress.
Hey! Are you alright sweetie?
He told me Anna's alive.
You're still beautiful.
A brother.
To make life important.
I really enjoyed our time together.
It's a rare gift.
Christ had the same gift.
I can help you.
I can teach you.
I've been gardening.
Is it sunny outside?
The tulips love the sun.
Are they your favorite flower?
What's your favorite flower?
A beautiful flower.
Roses are red, violets are blue... No. Leave it on.
It's so peaceful.
A pleasure.
I love gardening, but I'm not sure gardening loves me anymore.
Give me the key.
We'll be happy again.
I promise.
Doing nothing with their lives.
You did well this morning.
You're here to understand your life.
So you can finally be at peace.
Happy?
To be happy?
I wanted love.
You had love.
Paul loved you.
When I was a child.
He was the only one I ever loved.
I'm glad it's over.
It's better this way.
This will relax your muscles.
Promise.
I love you.
You're safe now.
We're finally together.
On the way to the cemetery.
Magic dowser, magic dowser: show... me... the well!
Surprised she let you move in... ... my Gramma.
Well, great to meet a Michigan water witch.
(continues typing) That's nice.
But Mom, I want stuff growing when my friends come to visit.
Coraline, I don't have time for you right now.
That sounds exciting.
AaaaaH!!! Oh, my twitchy witchy girl, I think you are so nice, I give you bowls of porridge And I give you bowls of ice -- (really bad note) -- cream!
Why don't you ever cook, Mom? Coraline, we've been through this before: your Dad cooks, I clean, and you stay out of the way.
Good-night...little me.
Want to hear my new song?
She's as cute as a button in the eyes of everyone who ever laid their eyes on Cor- a-line.
Raise your hand.
We give our thanks and ask to bless, Our Mother's golden chicken breast!
Mmmm, this chicken is good.
Another roll, sweet peas?
Mango milk shake?
We love mud here!
How'd you know I-- I, I'd love to play, but ... I better get home to my other mother.
I can't wait till summer.
You were in the dream too, Dad.
You had wild-looking pajamas and orange monkey slippers.
Huh? New "cheese" samples.
And I am the Amazing Bobinsky!
But the jumping mice play only toodle toot, like that.
Is nice, but not so much amazing?
Make you strong.
(to Coraline, sweetly) How nice to see you, Caroline.
She'll be having the Oolong tea.
Come on, boys!
Our sweet, departed angels.
Angus the second, the fifth, the.. Oh go on, have one it's hand-pulled taffy from Brighton best in the world.
That's right, now hand it over.
You're blind as a bat! Oh, now, ummm... not to worry, child, it's good news: there's a tall, handsome beast in your future.
Thanks for the tea, though.
Great, the village stalker.
What d'ya mean, "we?" Ha!
(points to self) C'mom - blue hair, my swampers and raincoat?
Your better father, dear.
He's out in the garden.
But my parents don't have time to garden.
Go on... Hey!!!
I love your garden!
Our garden, Coraline!
Well, she says it's time for dinner ... breakfast ... food?
Boy she knows you like the back of her hand.
Mmmm...so good!
I love dinner, breakfast food.
Coraline, Mr. Bobinsky has invited you to come see the Jumping Mice perform after dinner.
Well, everything's right in this world, Kiddo.
My friend?
Great... another Wybie.
(shrugs, smiling) So I fixed him.
Now run along, you two, and have fun.
Uh...It didn't hurt, did it, when she... Whoa... cool!
For to tickle your eyes and ears and making hearts to thump, I Sergei Alexander Bobinsky am introducing... ... my as-tound-ishing, stu-pen-dulous and AH-MAZING Jumping Mouse Circus!
It's wonderful, Wybie!
Wow! Yah! Whooo-oooh!
That was great!
We loved it, Mr. B. It was ... so ... so-- A-mazing!
You are very velcome anytime you like, you and also your good friend there.
... there were garden squash like balloon animals AND snap dragons.
(indicates neck brace) Don't fret, Charlie, they'll love the new catalog.
At least, they'll love my chapters.
They're jumping-mice, Mom!
And the dreams aren't dangerous; they're the most fun I've had since we've moved here.
Look, Coraline... if things go well today, I promise I'll make it up.
Love, Mother.
Our lives for the theater, April!
In apprehension how like a god! Ahhh!!!
The beauty of the world!
Was it wonderful, dear?
But then, I was flying through the air and... it was, it was magic.
Good night, Wybie.
There's one tiny little thing we need to do.
Well, it's a surprise.
I'm... I'm going to bed! RIGHT NOW! Bed? Before dinner?
Well of course you do, darling... I'll be happy to tuck you in.
(palms out, forced smile) Oh, no thanks, uh, you-you've done so much already-- You're welcome.
And I (smiles to Other Father) we aren't worried at all, darling.
Go to sleep, go to sleep... There's just one tiny little thing we have to do.
Her strength is our strength.
He'll help me.
Shouldn't the old well be here?
Small world.
I don't like rats at the best of times, but this one was sounding an alarm.
She said that she loved us, But she locked us here And ate up our lives.
Well, she can't keep me in the dark forever; not if she wants to win my life.
Great!
She's got this whole world where everything's better - the food, the garden, the-- (leans in on him) --neighbors.
Hi! Dad! Whe- I'm digging in my garden right now, but leave a message and I'll get right back to you.
Just looking ahead dear... Angus hasn't been feeling very well of late.
Good-night, Mom.
Good-night, Dad.
Breakfast-time!
(to herself) Be strong, Coraline.
Too easy.
Deal.
Sorrry, so sorrry, Motherrr making meeee.
Taaaake it!!!!! Bless you, miss, you found me!
Stay here vis us; vee vill listen to you and laugh vis you.
Thank you.
No, I ... I brought a friend.
Mom! Dad!
For the garden party!!
Dad! So, Mom.
Good night, Coraline.
Well, I'm glad it's finally over!
Thou art alive ... thou art still ... living...
Oh.... my twitchy witchy girl, I think you are so nice ... ... I give you bowls of porridge And I give you bowls of ice cream.
I give you lots of kisses, And I give you lots of hugs ... ... But I never give you sandwiches With grease and worms and mung beans.
The sweet ghost girl.
(straining to see) Oh, look April - Pink Ladies!
Oh, much better, dear...
Oh, excu-say-moi, but that pizza was delicious.
Oh yeah, great!
You were right, Coraline.
Thanks, mom.
And -- soon as dey are ready -- dey vish to give special tenks-you performance.
Welcome, Ms. Lovat!
A glass door opens- The PRETTY ASSISTANT brings in coffee, sliding down a cup in front of BRANDON.
Thank you.
To Success.
(SNIFFS) I love women in suits.
I love women in suits.
We could talk business, I would rearrange my life.. Wow, she's beautiful.
OK...OK..Count me down... Yeah you should Boom.
Have fun.
Ash is amazing How's it humping an old man?
DAVID shakes hands with ELIZABETH Elizabeth Elizabeth Nice to meet you It's a beautiful name.
Nice to meet you, nice to meet you.
I would love that.
That would be my pleasure.
Love it.
Love it.
Yeah, I think part of the secret to my success is, is attention to detail and.. Oh.
Green, it's green.
That's amazing.
Hey buddy, hey buddy.
(TO ELIZABETH) Amazing.
Amazing.
The SUITED WOMAN flicks open her eyes, smiles.
Fun? Er, karate.
DAVID mimics karate moves (Mimics ninja sounds) You hear this song.
I love this song, I wrote this song... DAVID holds out his hand to ELIZABETH And I would love it if you would dance with me to this son that I wrote for you.
Let's go on the dance floor.
One song.
You're a fun girl.
It'll be fun.
Come one, come on, it's fun.
It's fun.
Mwah! You're beautiful.
(Laughs) Dance?
Your eyes, they're beautiful.
That's so much fun when you play that game.
(Laughs) Ok.
Good to see you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Nice earring.
Hey! Heads up, buddy-?
Good night.
Right, right.
A lot of fun.
Good evening.
Great.
Thank you.
Oh, I forgot how beautiful this city is.
Oh, thank you, thank you.
Oh! Oh, that is a beautiful city.
That's.. (LAUGHS) You've been there?
Thank you.
Thanks.
The COCKTAIL WAITRESS smiles, moving on, she's heard it all before.
DAVID smiles, clocks BRANDON's look.
The clink of glasses, the noise of laughter waft through the room.
DAVID leans back, eyes grazing over SISSY, a kind of white noise to SISSY's beautiful music- The seeping first bars of `New York New York' filtering through- (singing) Start spreading the news.
It's a familiar song but in SISSY's hands, every word punctures like an emotional fireburst- SISSY's voice is oddly haunting underscoring the bubble of conversation, (singing) I want to wake up in a city that doesn't sleep.
I gonna make a brand new start of it.
It's a little easier.
I would love that.
You'd love that.
That's good.
(LAUGHS) Mmm.
It would be great for the city.
Sounds great.
(laughs) I love your, brother.
What an amazing man.
Please?
Sissy laughs.
I think you're a fascinating creature, I'd love to see you again.
(beat) Listen, why don't we.. this is a celebration, let's have champagne.
Yes! Champagne for everybody.
Ah come on, come on, come on, come on, come on... (LAUGHS) Well, I am hot, I am hot.
Nice sheets Aren't they nice sheet?
Bed, bath and beyond.
You better be.
(nods/ smiles) I do.
Yes, I'm glad you made it.
You look handsome.
You look amazing.
WAITER places the wine list in front of BRANDON and hands out menus.
Thank you.
Thanks.
MARIANNE smiles, eyes darting to BRANDON, playful.
The special is marinated swordfish, tabbouleh and Moroccan Chermoula.
OK and the wine menu's right next to you.
There you go- BRANDON pulls out a wine menu hidden under his bread plate.
White?
The WAITER hovers, points to a red on the menu- The Pinot Noir is er..light.. Erm.If you like it like.. Light.
Great.
The WAITER smiles, at last moves off- They sit looking at their menus.
MARIANNE smiles, holds his look.
MARIANNE shrugs, smiles- BRANDON laughs- The WAITER returns- I forgot to say the crab comes in the shell.
Great.
The Lamb.
I'll have the Lamb too.
That sounds great.
The WAITER approaches, a bottle of wine in hand.
The WAITER uncorks the wine.
I did.. (LAUGHS)..
BRANDON sneaks a side glance, MARIANNE smiles.
Thank you.
They BOTH laugh.
(LAUGHS) Oh, no, no, no... (LAUGHS) You're such a.. Weirdo.
They both laugh.
Marianne laughs hysterically.
BRANDON laughs along.
That's cool A musician?
They stand heady from the wine and a little awkward.
Hey. (LAUGHS) Are they vintage?
(LAUGHS) Brandon?
You know, it's cool.
You're my brother.
I didn't bring you into this world.
How are you helping me?
You're my brother.
Yeah, `cos that's working great for you.
Above a poster of a sunny shiny family advertising LIFE BRANDON's eyes graze over the poster- He stands his reflection mirrored back at him, preparing for his stop- The train SCREECHES to a sudden halt- Wheels SCREECHING along the track- The COLUMBIAN WOMAN wakes- A YOUNG STUDENT plugged headphone on, looks up from reading her book.
Passengers asking, "What's going on?" BRANDON finally makes his way down with the other passengers to the last carriage.
Relief overwhelming BRANDON, he laughs, exhales on the edge.
The PRETTY SUBWAY GIRL who we met at the beginning of our story is staring down at BRANDON, this time in a more engaging fashion.
Again, a dance begins.
That was too close!
No one said survival was fun.
Hey! See? She's listening.
Eep loves those.
That's a good idea ... How about a story, huh?
Thank you.
Your old favorite?
So she was happy.
Good man, Thunk.
Hey! Augh! OW! Wow.
You're really strong.
Please.
MAKE! MAKE IT!
Thank you.
Hey! Eep! Mom! Grug!
It was beautiful.
Stay quiet.
Hah, I'm loving this.
Awesome!
Oh, it's a baby sun.
No! Fire is not a play thing!
Aww, what a cute little guy.
Ooh, more fire babies.
Don't eat it, it's new.
Still alive!
Win win.
Use a rock.
Oh, you're good at this.
Where's Eep? She's awesome.
Yeah a story, tell us a story!
Once upon a time there was a little tiger who lived in a cave with her family.
There were a lot of rules, but the big, simple one was to never leave the cave at night.
So easy to remember!
Yes! Two stories in one night!
But it won't be as good as Grug's.
Um, once upon a time, there was a beautiful tiger.
Good story.
Good fish.
I love them!
Thank you!
I'm good.
We're good...
These shoes are great!
Ah ha.
Haha! (balls his mighty fists) That's what I'm talking about!
Now, let's get to that mountain.
I love those!
Good fish.
He jumped on the sun and rode it to tomorrow.
Last week, haha.
That's a funny story!
Thanks.
(Playing to Eep) Yeah, Wow.
Like, I was up all night cuz like all these, ideas just kept coming to me.
New and improved!
Where do you get these great ideas?
Win win.
We're gonna jump on the sun and ride it to Tomorrow with Guy.
The sun.
We can ride it to Tomorrow.
The sun was right here.
Everybody hold my hand.
He made it... Okay, Thunk.
You did good.
You surprised me today.
(landing on the other side) Still alive!!! Time to go.
This works good.
I love you.
Everybody out of the way!
Okay, everybody, situation's under control, calm down.
I mean it, fellas, you are lucky to be alive after a blast like that.
The spirit's willing, Kay, but the rest of me... They're beautiful, aren't they?
The stars.
Ten minutes -- your best shot.
Get a massage -- Three.
Thanks for the egg rolls.
You're a bright young man, James.
Please.
That better?
Help you?
You brought the aliens flowers?
They were intergalactic refugees with a simple request.
The 1964 World's Fair was a coverup?
They live among us, in secret.
Well, thanks for the very amusing morning, but I'm hopin' you'll show me where I came in? 'Cause this is where I go out.
They're happy.
Why the big secret?
You got 'til sun-up.
Cool, slick.
I see it I see it I see it!
Oh sweet Jesus Mother of God did you see that?! (still to Redgick) So? Who you meeting?
Guys -- guys -- Doin' fine, Ace.
Congratulations!
Makes things go smoother.
Are you here to make fun of me too?
There was no alien, and the flash of light you saw in the sky wasn't a UFO.
And that's the best you can come up with?
Go stay at your mother's for a few days and get over it.
You have very pretty eyes.
Oh, yes.
Great body.
Good man.
The galaxy is the best source for subatomic energy in the universe.
A gift I gave him, a pet cat that means worlds to me.
Listen, Monkey Boy, I may have to take that kind of talk in my end of the universe, but compared to you humans, I'm the top rung on the evolutionary ladder, so can it, all right?! You're breakin' my heart.
That's better.
It's okay, Laurel!
Gone, thank God. Hey.
Good.
You're a wonderful dad.
'Help me!
Our friends are coming back.
Interesting job you guys got.
Me. (looking up at the sky) They're beautiful, aren't they?
The stars.
(with a smile) Super cool.
Are you in town for business?
It's a nice hotel.
Well, if you need a wife for the night... (searching for the right words in French) Une escorte.
Speaks the language of love.
What you laughing at?
She treat you fine.
Because you're...a good person.
We fit together.
You made me orgasm.
But someday there will be only my art.
Night time.
(smiling) Oh I see.
It's fun.
Offrez une biere au plus grand perceur de coffres.
Thanks.
(to Zed) Easy.
Thanks.
(excited) Hot damn.
When is Bastille day?
We were best friends.
Well, it's good to have you here.
Oh they're the best.
How 'bout Toy Jazz?
I love it.
Like real music.
Here, you must drink some of this wine, it's good.
I'm glad you came.
It's amazing, you know?
But in Paris your old friend Eric has a job for you, so you came.
That's good.
For fun.
It's fun.
Offrez une biere au plus grand perceur de coffres.
Thanks.
(to Zed) Easy.
Thanks.
(then to Zed) My vein is like a rock.
(to Ricardo) Watch it!
Everyone has agreed to give you double shares.
That's good.
We were best friends.
Well, it's good to have you here.
Oh they're the best.
How 'bout Toy Jazz?
I love it.
Like real music.
Here, you must drink some of this wine, it's good.
[Well that's fucking great.
[The day finally came for his release.
Things got out of hand.
[Good.
Nice shooting.
We're rich!
We're rich!
Yes but we're rich!
And you'll never leave this place alive!] (to the hostages) [None of you are worth half of this single bar.
[That's sweet.]
It's wonderful to touch.
You're beautiful.]
Listen...there's no gunfire.
It means nothing to me, our friendship.
(starting out calm and then building to a scream) Eric...there's no fucking way out of here!
Good morning, Mr. Crawford.
Most of them have been happy to talk to us.
The cannibal... Yes, well... Okay, right.
A pure psychopath... It's so rare to capture one alive.
You know, we get a lot of detectives here, but I must say, I can't ever remember one so attractive... Will you be in Baltimore overnight...? Because this can be quite a fun town, if you have the right guide.
Good.
(pauses, he smiles) I keep him in here.
Good morning.
Why aren't you there right now? Sir, that's a field job.
Privacy is a great concern to my customers.
Thank you.
Listen, I hope you never need a thing I've taught you.
Bless you, Starling...
He keeps them alive for three days.
You did fine work.
Well sir, that's where we can help.
Your West Virginia specimen gave us quite a bit of trouble, but I finally managed to narrow his species through chaetaxy - studying the skin.
Are you wearing a gun, right now? (Clarice nods) Ooh, cool!
The amusing house wine...? (smiles) Not lately.
He'll let the Senator keep hoping, day after day, until Catherine finally washes up.
That'd be the most fun of all.
By the book, he's a sadist.
Life's too slippery for books, Clarice.
Typhoid and swans came from the same God.
Enchant me.
Every afternoon of that week you can walk on the beach or swim in the ocean for up to one hour.
But first things first.
You get books, a view of the woods, and plenty of exercise time...
In exchange, I get your full cooperation in publishing a professional account of this - my successful interviews with you.
And how do we begin to covet, Clarice?
Later, listen, I'll - I'll listen now.
You went to live with cousins, on a sheep and horse ranch in Montana.
Lambs.
(a pause; then, oddly at peace) Thank you, Clarice.
Brave Clarice.
He smiles) Then why not take your case file?
There's no connection at all among these places, or the computers would've nailed it!
He didn't weight the others.
Thank you.
(calling out) Preeeeecious...! Precious, come on Precious!
Busy busy day today... Momma's gonna be sooo beautiful!
That's better... Now get me a live telephone.
Who are you, please?
Thanks.
Good, thank you.
(over loudspeaker) Congratulations!
(surprised) Agent Mapp! Thank you!
Hel-lo, gorgeous!
Where I have a view, Clarice... Orion is looking splendid tonight, and Arcturus, the Herdsman, with his flock... (into phone) Your lambs are still for now, Clarice, but not forever... You'll have to earn it again and again, this blessed silence.
Dr. Lecter - I have no plans to call on you, Clarice, the world being more interesting with you in it.
(he listens) Adorable one?
God I'm glad you agreed to come.
(holds his hands) I'm happy to see you too, but I can still whip your behind.
(Girl #2 nods) Thank you.
Truman -- These folks live their lives in a particular way.
(Laura nods) Nancy was your best friend.
She was my best friend.
(then:) Get yourselves in here.
Yes, but we who know the truth will love it.
He liked it more than he's willing to admit.
He and Herb Clutter were good friends.
From church.
These are good people.
Thank you.
So many of my friends would love to meet you.
Well, she's marvelous.
Lunch was wonderful.
You're celebrating.
You said it was good.
Tell her congratulations.
Congratulations.
(Perry doesn't move) Give me your hand.
Gorgeous?
I'm writing a book.
Perry, honey.
You look terrific... Calm yourself down, sweetheart.
I have the perfect place for it, over the hearth.
Where'd Perry get the art set?
Thanks.
My hero.
Thank you.
It's your friend.
Before she started drinking.
This is remarkable.
He trusts me -- that's why he gave it to me.
(paging through Diary) You should see his drawings, Nelle, how good he is.
You tell him your mama did the same thing?
It's a wonderful moment and a rare one.
You look good, healthy again.
Be good now.
It's that good.
It came over the wire on Friday.
Thank god.
(utterly nonchalant) Plus -- I finished my novel yesterday.
My man, my hero, my talented... My man...
As Nelle passes by on her way to London to sell her book which needs no selling, may a little of her success rub off on both of us.
I was wondering why you were in such a good mood.
Fall in love with him.
Be nice to Jack.
(smiles) I'll see you at the reading in New York.
Hey, buddy.
Thanks.
Everyone says he's a genius.
You'll be able to finish now.
Give him the simple novels first -- Perry.
I used to love him.
Hello handsome.
Thank you.
Your friend, Perry."
You're alive.
It came to the hotel this morning.
I hope I have... Life is only the father of wisdom.
Thank you, Ethna.
Thank you.
This child will have no power over me.... (furiously) Where's the baby!
It's a baby!
It's not a Nelwyn baby.
No, it's too big to be a Nelwyn baby.
It looks like a daikini... Ooh, it's so cute... Mims! Get back here!
Absolutely, under no condition, is anyone in this family going to fall in love with that baby.
We can't keep that baby.
We're gonna give this baby a bath.
Burglekutt's right.
There's not enough time to finish plowing.
(smiles) What a great son you are, Ranon.
Give the baby to the first daikini you see, then hurry home as fast as you can.
You're strong enough.
Please?
Good.
I'm a powerful sorcerer.
I have to give this baby to some- body.
I saved your life, Peck.
Listen, Willow my friend.
Give me my freedom, and I'll look after that baby for you.
Trust me.
Nobody's gonna take your baby.
Fresh goat's milk.
I promise!
She likes that.
She's in good hands.
You've done a great job.
For honor, for bravery, for his intuitive powers... (he chuckles) ...let's make him Apprentice Aldwin.
Better still: High Aldwin!
It's Willow Uf- good, High Aldwin of--- Come back here, you!
That's my baby!! Oh no, it's a trap!
I am Franjean, king of the world.
That baby's my responsibility!
Quiet, you fool! (formal) We are emissaries of her majesty, Queen Cherlindrea, of the land of Coshairm.
Queen Cherlindrea?
She requests the presence of your- self and the young princess.
Come along, Rool! Watch this.
I can't go out there with the baby!
This is a privilege.
I can't see anything--she's too bright!
Nursemaid?! (high voice) They get too excited.
Give it to me! (high voice) Gawd...you're...beautiful... You're not a woman.
Where's the baby??
You saved her life!
Northeast is that way.
The Fairy Queen told me.
The Fairy Queen?
And the baby here's a princess?
Yeah well...in the morning I think I'll be on my way.
My help?
But you're a great swordsman!
I was in love once, Willow.
She had a hold on my heart.
(a pause) I *was* a great swordsman!
I'll never fall in love again... Relax, Willow.
We're having fun.
The sorceress lives there!
She lives out on that island!
Give me a hand here, Peck!
Queen Bavmorda transformed her.
This whole tree is made of gold!! Fools!
If there's one thing I'm good at, it's charm- ing a woman... So.
A magician *makes* magic.
Then I will teach you.
Nice horse...nice hair...real nice hair...I'd say you've got the most beautiful hair I've ever-- Wolff wants to boil you in oil.
Mmmm, I love the smell of a woman.
Under all that armor is a beautiful-- Who is that girl, anyway?
Sorsha, Queen Bavmorda's daughter.
To learn magic, first you must make your own philosopher's stone!
You hold the univers, Willow, in your hand.
She's in love.
I think you're in love.
The art of transformation!
Queen of the rodents?
He was a great king.
He ruled Tir Asleen with kindness, and a generous heart.
Tonight! Complete the philosopher's stone!
Exxence of magic and sorcery!
I'll get the baby.
Get out of there...! I love you.
I love you.
I'm in love with you, Sorsha.
You gonna be a hero, Madmartigan?
In towns and vil- lages like this! You're chasing a dream.
She's doing a lot better than we are, Peck.
The king's bravest warriors.
I love you.
Thank you, friend.
Kael! Queen Bavmorda.
I have the child.
Can you use your magic to get our men into the fortress, Raziel?
you gonna listen to a Peck?
Courage, Willow.
Can you not see that I am about to become all-powerful!
The baby will be queen.
Except me! Airk!! Madmartigan...you're a brave warrior...a true friend...a good man... We're gonna win this war, Airk.
I'm a *great* magician.
And with my magic I'll send her into the...into the... You're no magician.
Into the good.
You are on your way to becoming a great magician.
Your dream has come true, madmarti- gan.
I followed that fish up-river and down-river for three days and three nights, until I finally had him boxed in.
This lady fish and I, well, we had the same destiny.
Honey, it's still your night.
There's ladies present.
And for that, I was as good as immortal.
I'm so glad you're here.
But... It's good to see you.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Surprise ending.
There was this panhandler who used to stop me every morning when I came out of this coffee shop near the office.
Trust me on that.
I had made it all the way to the "G's," hoping to find an answer to my gigantificationism, when I uncovered an article about the common goldfish.
(reading) "Kept in a small bowl, the goldfish will remain small.
Edward Bloom!
Until one day, a stranger arrived.
Here, start with my hand.
Everything here tastes better.
A man might travel his entire life and never find a place so inviting.
My journey had scarcely begun, and I had arrived.
I've been working on this poem for 12 years.
I promise.
Friend!
That's wonderful.
Pumping her churn.
Please?
I have photos from the wedding to show you.
There's a great one of you and my father.
Well, it's not a short one.
Great, great.
That's fantastic.
It was on that night Karl met his destiny.
And I met mine.
They say when you meet the love of your life, time stops.
That's great.
Good to meet you.
Friends of the family.
You'll be happy there.
You love this guy?
During the four weeks I was in the hospital, the postmaster finally caught up with me.
I need a strong man, because I've got Twice the love to give.
She's the good one.
Over the next hour, I described my love for Sandra Kay Templeton, and the ordeal that brought me before them.
And so the twins and I began our arduous journey halfway around the world.
They met at Auburn.
How they fell in love.
But it's romantic.
Do you love your father?
Everyone loves my father.
(repeating) Do you love him?
They were alive, while I was -- officially -- deceased.
If there's one thing you can say about Edward Bloom, it's that I am a social person.
I've travelled from Tennessee to Timbuktu, and if there's one thing people have in common, is we could all use a hand around the house.
Hold a baby.
That's great, Norther.
I'm happy for you.
Edward, thank you for the hand!
Right hand only.
(realizing) You married.
I won't be selling you this house, Mr. Bloom.
I thank you for your time.
I should never have let you think that... (beat) I am in love with my wife.
And the story ended where it began.
Well, therapy.
And one day I realized I was in love with a man who could never love me back.
(a smile) I envied you so much.
The way Eddie would talk about you when you were at Missouri, that award you won.
And when you got the job at the A.P., everything, he was so proud of you.
I was make-believe and his other life, you, were real.
Thank you.
I loved it.
Story of my life.
(he smiles) And that's the way it happens.
Good.
Do I take "okay" to mean you feel good about working there?
(smiling) That's right, you did.
You read that in a book.
Jesus Christ, man, it's good to see you! CARLOS (cont'd) You look good, damn good, considering you're an old man now!
Beautiful.
You know, the new guy.
No weirder than a sharp, young, good-looking woman working in a lumberyard.
WALTER (cont'd) (smiling) Are you?
Northern light is the purest.
Light's important, but it's not everything.
Thanks.
The new man.
Thanks a bunch for the advice.
Her husband was hot for me and, god, he was cute.
How young?
he boy and a buddy run over to Candy.
Fine thanks.
I'm dealing with that.
I hated fishing, but I loved his stories.
But, boy, did that man love to drink.
Their beauty?... (pause) Their power.
LUCAS (cont'd) (feigning kindness) We just want to make sure you're being a good boy, Walter.
He I followed a girl.
Very pretty.
I want you to calm down.
ROSEN (cont'd) You followed a girl.
You followed her and nothing happened.
(looks at her) Live together.
WALTER (cont'd) Good.
I'm glad.
Thank you.
(cracking a smile) I'm not scared.
In my bed, Rosen.
You felt pleasure.
(His eyes well up.)
The house will be quiet.
It's better when it's quiet.
You're a good man, Walter.
That's the price of beauty, my friend.
My god, you should see what Anna's friends wear.
arlos laughs.
How does it sound?
(pause) It's a bright sound.
Cheery!
You would stare at the tops of the trees so intently.
It's good to listen to your daddy.
I followed a girl.
W They grow outside, don't they?
The trees shade them from the sun.
They walk right into a family's home as if they live there.
Ain't no fucking woodsman in this world.
edro stares at him, surrounded by a number of men.
I would enjoy that.
WALTER (cont'd) Does he move his legs in a funny way?
Beautifully.
Robin, listen to me.
I count my blessings.
Well, we have a surprise for you, Scott.
Share?
I remember once I was being fisted by Sebastian Cabot- but here's where the story gets interesting.
One of my greatest disappointments is that I never became a song and dance man.
I love toe cleavage.
Oh yes, I also made a Marzipan voodoo effigy of The Fonze while I was in coma after smoking some Peruvian prayer hash, but who at the end of the day can honestly say they haven't done that?
Oh good, Number Two, I do enjoy a good cuppa joe.
I have come to embrace the love that dare not speak it's name.
To my right is my lover.
I met her on the LPGA Tour.
Welcome to my private army, Oedipus.
Excited?
The key to life is to rotate your vices.
We had a few glitches, but I think you'll be pleased with the results.
As you know, the most powerful man in the world is the President of the United States.
Of course you haven't had "The Pleasure", we just met, baby, yeah!
Thank you.
Your breasts are amazing.
Alright, baby!
Love it.
Great, darling.
(angry) No! No! (to Rebecca) Show me love.
You're an animal.
Be a tiger, baby!
You're great!
Now be a lemur, baby!
No, they make better lovers.
Make love to me, monkey man.
Groovy, baby!
Welcome to my shag pad, baby.
That's better.
Oh, that was so relaxing.
(sexy) I think I'm ready for bed.
No, I'm ready for bed.
Ringo recommended him and he's the best.
I'll warm up the Jumbo Jet, baby!
How are you baby?
My chakras are aligned and I am in a perfect state of equipoise.
Good on ya.
I don't know what that means but it sounds fab.
He would say to me, Sparky, love is all, life is breath.
It is the ability to achieve those goals that we wish to achieve for ourselves.
We are not our mind, we are not our body, we are the Gap! Ahhhhh... (rapid fire) The heart of the matter is that you are the heart of the matter.
How can I help you?
Alright, easy.
Oh, yes, I see.
We place a giant laser on the moon.
I thought we'd name it in his honor-- the Alan Parsons Project.
The Alan Parsons Project was a progressive rock band from 1982.
Yeah, Codename: Thompson Twins was really impressive.
It'll be my pleasure.
It's an easy job.
Hey! You'll thank me later, baby.
Balls, said the queen and the king laughed because he had too.
Well you can start by buying me a drink.
You were great last night.
By the way, I'm Thor.
Verrrrry interesting- but shtupid!
Fab party.
Who are you today, baby?
That's an interesting name.
The pleasure is mine.
(to Scott) I did love that, though.
Yeah, baby.
There've been a lot of advances in the Nineties, baby.
The economy is stable, people take better care of their health concern for the environment is on the rise and, um, let's see, there's an entire television channel dedicated to golf.
No, written here on my hand, see?
It's going to be a glorious time for fashion and music and technology-- it won't be long before every flying car has its own 8-track.
Austin, your voice!
(hoarse) I will, thank you.
What kind of woman could resist these perfect specimens of masculinity?
You're ready for launch.
I have so few pleasures, you know.
I'm going up the moon to hold the world ransom with my giant laser, I shouldn't be long.
Listen, Austin, I can't pretend to understand everything you've gone through, but I trust you.
I'll make you a deal: if we get out of here alive, I'll give monogamy a try.
Are you happy?
Enough of your (bleep)in' new age aphorisms.
Listen, I've run the gamut of self- help books.
This is the beginning of a new me.
I'm gonna go to the gym everyday.
C'mon, luv, let's hop on the good foot and do the bad thing!
Right, the moon.
I am a rocket scientist.
Austin, you have achieved lunar orbit.
No, I mean I soiled myself just now when I said oh 'my God!' Basil, it was amazing!
Better.
Trust me, you do!
He did it, he saved the world!
(pointing to sky) What's that?
Let's go, baby!
I'm as healthy as a horse.
I love you, Felicity.
And I love you.
You got cracked good.
His babies.
But let's focus on the matter at hand.
Bingo.
Laval and Reynaud are my stars.
Thank you.
A couple days, sir.
Good-looking guy.
Thank you.
You're an awesome investigator, Inspector.
I'll see you in the morning.
Fruit of the Gods.
We are inviting you.
Please.
Patronized sporting goods stores.
And had long spending gaps where he was enjoying the great outdoors.
We'll get an artist to help you.
I can draw him, thank you.
He has been following him, filming him for weeks.
Thanks.
What happened to that beautiful thumbprint on the orange juice glass, you get an ID?
Thank you for coming.
You have some very nice things, Mrs. Asher.
Thank you.
It was their fourteenth birthday.
Their fourteenth birthday?
Reese was Martin's world.
Thank you.
I promise.
Okay, friend?
You're good.
And inspire some too, I'm sure.
I'm cooking in this thing.
Travels the World looking for art.
Don't stop living your life.
Why isn't he in Mexico getting a new face?
Seen first by his mother, then by Costa.
Please be cool with that.
The night started out great.
Everyone was happy.
Exercise pools.
I read your book.
Best schools best grades.
Please.
John, games are fun.
Thank you, Sergeant.
I need tomorrow morning to finish up my business here.
Thank you.
God yes.
You're really good with people.
Thankfully it's over.
Thank you for rescuing me.
What's fun for you?
I'm happy to be alive but it's like this door has been opened.
You'll fold this experience into your life and be stronger for it.
How do you deal with it?
Please.
You are a trip, John Costa.
Your old life is over.
Whatever happens, be strong.
We have no control over our legacy.
The rock star of F1.
A good start!
JAMES is on the podium, having won.
Laughter.
Laughter.
OVER THIS: the sound of NIKI's voice...
In my home town, Vienna, my family is famous for one thing.
STANLEY's smile fades..
NIKI brews coffee to keep people alert.
Thank you.
Good night..
Smiles.
Still amazed by the improved performance.
She's a great girl.
(quiet/defeated) Thanks.
Set in 3,300 acres, one of England's great country houses.
JAMES opens his eyes to see a gorgeous F1 racing car, plain white, no stickers... Isn't she a beauty?
Come back..! The grand Hesketh estate in the Northamptonshire countryside.
Sharp right into Mirabeau, then sharp left into Loews, mind the guard rails... Is Alexander around..? JAMES opens his eyes to see an endless pair of legs, a drop- dead gorgeous figure, and the beautiful smiling face of SUZY MILLER, the most successful model of the day.
Sees the bare feet, the rock star good looks... You're James, aren't you?
She's clearly the most famous model in Britain, and a star in her own right... What was the description?
Early to bed.
SUZY laughs..
SUZY laughs again...
London's grandest Catholic church in the heart of Knightsbridge.. JAMES and SUZY, top hat and tails, flowing white wedding dress, looking ravishing, emerge from the church.
JAMES and SUZY fall into a passionate, sexy embrace for the paparazzi cameras.
But that's the best team in the world.
Setting up the cars... JAMES stares...then is pulled away to pose in photographs with SUZY and her FAMILY.
MARLENE smiles at NIKI...
Admit it, you're impressed..! MARLENE smiles flirtatiously at the handsome, young Italian MEN driving the open-topped sports car.. Ciao, Regazzi...! But the Italian MEN walk right past her, not seeing her, as if she's invisible, and stare at NIKI... (in Italian) Excuse me...are you Niki Lauda?
(in Italian) Oh, my God...!!!
The ITALIAN MAN gestures to his car, as his friend loads MARLENE's luggage inside...
The ITALIAN MAN whisper in NIKI's ear.
The back of JAMES HUNT's Hesketh.. MARLENE watches on TV in the pits as NIKI is engaged in an epic tussle with JAMES... Commentators note the improvement in JAMES's technique, maturity and performance.
Television commentary in various languages tells us: NIKI LAUDA has become world champion... NIKI's car pulls in, to be mobbed by jubilant MECHANICS as he gets out of his car, removing his helmet, embraced by a delighted LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO... ...then falling into a passionate kiss with MARLENE... Champion of the World, he is immediately swallowed up by REPORTERS who are demanding interviews in Italian, German, English...
The victor's garland still round his neck, proudly holding the FIA World Champion trophy, his hair matted with champagne, NIKI passes through the crowds, accepting everyone's congratulations..
Thank you.
Which is why everyone likes you.
Thankfully a few hands have already gone up.
He'll dress up nice.
We want to be successful.
He's World Champion.
JAMES (contid) It's the only car out there as good as the Ferrari.
JAMES stares imploringly.. I'll do whatever you ask.
I promise.
In the crowds to watch the race none other than movie stars Richard Burton and Liz Taylor... We pick out RICHARD BURTON and LIZ TAYLOR waving to screaming New car.
I won that race in Spain.
I'm still alive!!" We need to vacuum the lungs.
But if you love me - all of you - you won't say a word.
Trust me, watching you win those points and all those races while I was in hospital fighting for my life...you were equally responsible for getting me better.
It doesn't look too good but one unexpected advantage is it's impossible to perspire through a skin graft, so sweat will never run in my eyes again - which is good for a driver.
So let's see where Mr. Reutemann finishes today.
I have the better car.
I'm the better driver.
With the way you look now?
Trust me.
A friend's wedding.
Thank you.
Relentlessness is good.
On the all important day when it came down to it, we raced on equal terms in equally good cars.
Some of life needs to be for pleasure, Niki.
What's the use of having a million cups and medals if you never have any fun?
New Year's Eve and out -- no Acid House, no product, no deliveries.
Darling, it's Saturday.
(walking) The night begins.
Laugh, one day you'll be watching me on "Oprah" from a welfare hotel.
Top Lady.
I promise.
(smile) How did you hear about me?
(smiles) My mother?
You have a talent for music.
As a child.
I see music in your future.
A career opportunity will come in the music field.
It's not good for your health.
(he shrugs) It's interfering with your health and your life too.
Everything you do -- positive or negative -- in this life is a drop that will carry over in the next.
You're young.
(extends hand) Hi. (shakes hand) Randi told me about your mom.
Thanks.
She would be so happy to see John.
Bring me a coffee.
(to RANDI) Kiss your mother for me.
She liked you.
A dog? (smile) House plants?
There was a ceremony.
We were happy.
There were good times.
Area, out on the street, laughing, dancing with friends -- we were magical.
That's how magical we were.
We were happy.
We were in love?
We were happy?
(beat) Congratulations.
I see you and my heart starts thumping.
(caresses erection) Wow.
Kiss, kiss, kiss.
Kiss, kiss, kiss.
It was wonderful.
I'm glad it happened this way.
I'm happy for you.
I wish you the best.
I love you.
The holiday's over -- ragheads everywhere trying to score.
Marianne... (wild) Get out!
We'll make a place for you.
Please.
Nice place.
She jumped.
(stung) This is family.
I love it.
It was great at the beginning, though.
Others, lucky a year max, eight months, in, out, start using, unreliable -- nice kids.
I should write a book someday.
I've been writing, reading.
I love your letters.
It's lucky in a way I got mixed up in it -- now I have to see this thing through.
You know, make love.
It's one of the things I look forward to.
I've been looking forward.
(kisses his hand) Strange how things work.
Was it funny?
And the best costume of all! (nudges Jill) Got here just in time.
It's fun.
Join the other kids.
Do that and before you know it you'll be as happy as a goddamned clam.
Come and join us.
Make yourself irreplaceable.
(laughs) Right!
Audi's a good car.
While you went off for a few beers with your friends?
Tomorrow's first day of deer season.
That's what I love about a small town.
Fresh tracks.
You'll thank me for this one day.
We'll work at it everyday, promise.
It's a good idea, good for you, good for the town.
Right's right.
He's my best friend.
We got different habits.
(smiles) But not now.
It's nice to see that in a grown-up person.
It may be the only thing in my life I've been so clear about wanting.
Good.
You love me boys?
Do you love your Pop?
You are so much better than I am, I who am no good at all, you who are a truly good person, like a fucking saint!
I liked her.
It's like they live their lives with the sound turned off -- and then they're gone.
Right's right, goddamnit!
It's nice to do favors for people you do business with.
Right's right.
Look, got me a new job, second cook and bottle washer!
It was funny at first, but I'm tired.
Wade! Come in! Have a cup of coffee.
For what you're doing to me and to the child you say you love so much.
Love.
Bye, honey!
And a cherry turnover.
Your favorite.
What's the matter, honey?
Oh, the best one.
So, the Count hired you this morning, Rudolfo ... Watch the road ... Watch the road.
(upright) Good.
(he reaches down and helps her off the couch) That's a good girl.
I love it.
Hold me, touch me.I'll see you And we'll finish playing the Contessa and Rudolfo.
Good.
Can't produce a play without money, ha, ha, ha.
Good.
Good.
Til Thursday, my Darling, I shall count the minutes.
(musing to himself) Heh, heh, heh, amazing.
Don't you see, Bloom.
Darling, Bloom, glorious Bloom, it's so simple.
Please.
I spend my life counting other people's money -- people I'm smarter than, better than.
Where's my share?
It's Bialystock and Bloom -- on the rise.
Say, you'll join me.
On top of the world.
Top of the world!
It's two in the morning.
It's good!!! (mumbling to himself as he reads) Wait a minute, I've read this part.
I'm reading plays I read this morning.
Good lord, it's morning.
You can't feel it when it's in your hand, when it's in your pocket.
A guaranteed-to-close- in-one-night beauty!
This is wine, women and song and women.
Fantastic!
It's practically a love letter to Hitler! (ecstatic) It won't run a week!
Thank you.
Thank you, Madam.
(to pigeon) Hilda, look ... look good ... Hilda, you're not looking.
Good.
Good.
Good.
You see dear Bloom, phase one is complete, the play is ours.
Here's to the success of your new play.
Our play, my love.
That's a funny name for a play.
(to Bialystock, smiling) You dirty man.
(off camera) Tee hee, ha ha ha, ho ho, ooo, ooo, teehee hee.
It's beautiful, Alma, beautiful.
Dance!
Dance, slave!
Excite me, delight me.
(murmuring to himself) Money is honey, money is honey.
She owns 50% of the profits.
She also owns 50% of the profits.
She also owns 50% of the profits.
She owns 100% of the profits.
Then the Department of Justice owns 100% of Bialystock and Bloom.
Inhales deeply) That's better.
I'm going to buy a toy.
(quizzically) A toy? That's a toy?
She happens to be our new receptionist.
Ulla, I'd like you to meet my partner and associate, Mr. Leo Bloom.
Ya, sur.
Remarkable.
Remarkable.
Oh, dear, you're staring at my dress.
There's a prize for the best costume.
(jumping in) It's gorgeous.
You couldn't have picked a better color.
He likes you.
Roger De Bris presents history.
Congratulations.
(sings) My boy Bill will be strong and as tall as a... Thank you.
Enjoy the show.
The incredible gall of the man!
(singing) So Springtime for Hitler, Is Springtime for Goering, Is Springtime for Goebbels, Is Springtime for Himmler, Is Springtime for you and me!! Er liebt mir.
Hey, Harry, he's funny.
Here's to the one and only performance of "Springtime for Hitler."
(raises his glass and downs his drink) If the Duke of Windsor could give up the Throne of England for the woman he loved, why can't you?
I'm a tyrant, baby.
And don't forget our good- natured inebriate over there.
Eternally grateful.
I love toast.
To toast.
(singing) "By the light, (singing) "By the light, by the light, "Of the silvery moon, "Of the silvery mooooon, "I want to croon, "He wants to croon, he wants to croon, "To my honey I'll croon, "He's gonna croon love's tune, "Honeymoon, "Honeymoon, honeymoon, "Keep a shining in... Intermission!
They are not necessarily talking about "Springtime For Hitler." (to his wife) Honey, I never in a million years thought I'd ever love a show called "Springtime For Hitler." Bialy, you sly fox, you've done it.
Oh, I'd better hurry back.
I am the author of this play.
The Fuhrer was sweet, the Fuhrer was kind, the Fuhrer was good.
We make love?
"Congratulations.
"Congratulations.
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
(ecstatic) Congratulations!
I've made up my mind.
Relax, you're overwrought.
Vill you cooperate!!! (together) Come in.
(with great emphasis) Why don't you ask the gentleman with the gun...
Three coffees.
Clinging to life like baby butterflies.
I'm coming boys!
Finish the job.
Good.
(off camera, singing) "Honeymoon, keep a shinin' in June," "your silvery beams, Will light love's dreams," What the heck is that?
Shine 'em up! (bravely singing) "Sa-an Fra-ancisco, open your golden gates, Don't let a stranger wait... (mumbling through his bandages) Male to male?
Thank you, your honor.
Not me, I had the most exciting adventure of my life.
What would their lives have been without Max Bialystock?
And may I humbly add, your honor, that we have learned our lesson and we'll never do it again.
You now own 28% of "Prisoners of Love." (waving his cane and shouting at the top of his lungs) Higher, you animals, higher!
We open Saturday night!
(singing) "We're prisoners of love, etc." Short for Edwinna.
They say that absence makes the heart grow fonder, and for once they may be right.
Well one day I decided to make my own crawdad... ...an' I frew it in a pot, forgettin' to put in the water, ya see... ...and it was like I was makin' popcorn, ya see...
But I couldn't help thinking that a brighter future lay ahead - a future that was only eight to fourteen months away.
These were the happy days, the salad days as they say... ...and Ed felt that having a critter was the next logical step.
That was beautiful.
It's true I've had a checkered past, but Ed here is an officer of the law twice decorated... ...So we figure it kind of evens out.
Our love for each other was stronger than ever... ...but I preminisced no return of the salad days.
The pizazz had gone out of our lives.
(into the phone) Eight hundred leaf tables and no chairs?!
You can't sell leaf tables and no chairs!
Shh! Nice baby... What're they, playing telephone?
Come on honey, we better leave - You go right back up there and get me a toddler!
Oh, he's beautiful!
I bet they were all beautiful.
Well now honey we been over this and over this.
There's what's right and there's what's right, and never the twain shall meet.
It's like when I was robbin' convenience stores - I love him so much!
(still sobbing) I love him so much!
Over there's the TV, two hours a day maximum, either educational or football so's you don't ruin your appreciation of the finer things.
He's a good boy.
Don't you think we should put him to bed? Hang on, honey... ...Let's us preserve the moment in pictures!
How come is that, honey?
Well we got a baby, Hi.
I love you, Hi.
We're set to pop here, honey.
Looks nice.
Want you to meet a couple friends of mine!
Honey, like you to meet Gale and Evelle Snopes, fine a pair as ever broke and entered.
"Welcome... Home... Son." Where's he been?
...My Lord he's cute.
Now listen, you folks can't stay here!
Well now honey you gotta have a little charity.
Tonight and tomorrow, tops.
That night I had a dream.
...I'd drifted off thinkin' about happiness, birth, and new life...
He left a scorched earth in his wake, befouling even the sweet desert breeze that whipped across his brow.
Are you happy?
Don't make me laugh.
Well goddamnit!
Matter of fact honey, maybe I'll skip this little get-together myself, Glen won't mind, and I'll just duck out with the boys, knock back a couple of-uh, Co-Colas- Sure H.I. We'd love to have ya.
I love Biblical names.
...He's an angel straight from heaven!
Say, that reminds me!
Say, that reminds me!
I said healthy white baby!
Say, that reminds me!
(not really interested) Yeah, it's a good one... Course I don't really need another kid, but Dottie says these-here are gettin' too big to cuddle.
Say, that reminds me!
Have we done that honey?
We gotta do that honey.
You done that yet honey?
Better hurry it up.
Mind the baby now!
Thank you.
I'm not gonna live this way, Hi.
Tomorrow morning.
We come to invite you in on a score.
And y'ain't bein' true to your own nature.
Your loving... Herbert.
Now there are people, mind you, there are people in this land, who'll pay a lot more'n twenty grand for a healthy baby.
Where's the baby?
He's sawin' toothpicks, he'll be fine.
Morning Glen.
Well that ain't why I'm here neither.
...I'm gonna be a better person from here on out.
We got a family here and I'm gonna start acting responsibly... ...So let's go honey... ...Let's go get Nathan Jr.
What now? ...He smiled at me! Know how you put these thangs on?
Ya see - Yessir.
All right now everone, we're just about ready to begin the robbery proper...
Where's the baby?
I want that baby!
Run along now, honey.
Leonard Smalls, big fella rides a Harley, dresses like a rock star?
Thank you sir.
Thank you sir.
...Well lookit.
You brought back my boy so you must have your good points too.
That night I had a dream... ...I dreamt I was as light as the ether, a floating spirit visiting things to come...
The shades and shadows of the people in my life wrastled their way into my slumber.
I don't mean to sound superior, and they're a swell couple guys, but... ...maybe they weren't ready yet to come out into the world.
...But me'n Ed, we can be good too... ...And it seemed real.
If not Arizona, then a land, not too far away, where all parents are strong and wise and capable, and all children are happy and beloved...
(checks his watch) See you in an hour ... One sunny day ... (thrilled) Readings still normal ... up as if -- (intercom cutting out) Losing control -- malfunction in thermal chamber -- for Christ's -- Emm --! Five -- four -- three -- two -- one ... Three -- two -- one ... (repeating) Three -- two -- one ... Emma, Peter, get out!
Oh yes I did.
Thank you so much.
Congratulations, you've penetrated a bastion of male privilege.
Much better.
Tea time -- four o'clock.
Mother's favorite.
No Admittance That's better.
Don't tell me: You're the shadow secret service.
Close.
(before Emma can make sense of this) Now let's see, there's coconut cake, date and walnut; I recommend the rum baba ... Hmmm ... Looks like rain, Steed... ... Showers followed by sunny periods.
Oh, yes we are.
If Dr. Darling is right, you should watch out.
Thank you, Trubshaw.
The luxury of a hand-made shoe.
I'm hoping you will.
(smiles) They call me in when they've reached a dead end.
Former head of Special Projects at the Ministry.
Mother and Dr. Darling have me under observation.
Where's the picnic?
The first day of the future.
I welcome you to the first general meeting of the Wonderland Corporation, now allied with our colleagues from Brolly ... (filtered) You have all given time, money and expertise to achieve our goal.
The first sign of spring, and ... A cuckoo in our nest.
But we shall meet again.
To each of you a gift.
38 Marlborough Terrace ... Then moves over to the wine rack, picks up a vintage bottle of champagne -- (admiringly) Hm ... A Veuve-Cliquot '56 ... (then puzzled) But he bites the end of his Monte Cristos ... ?
Trubshaw isn't the only shoemaker still practicing his trade ... Very good, Steed ... What's that?
Well, he was a fellow of the Royal Zoological Society ... Is that written in his shoe?
Now, now ... (sings) 'I can't give you anything but love, baby...' a key in lock.
Well, well.
The technology is brand new.
I think so, thank you so much ... (relishing) Reach for the sky, pardner.
Good.
Glad to see they're together at last.
(mumbles) Like looking for a needle in a ... What, Lady Disdain?
A trapezoid shape, dictated by twin diagonal paths and a single curving path.
But I still love you.
He was engaged in top secret research.
Trust.
And do you trust me?
That kiss ... It wasn't me; you have my word.
Not for a moment.
I'm playing to win.
Winning isn't everything.
(smiles; stands aside) After you -- Mrs. Peel ... No, after you.
You said a hand-made shoe was as good as a photo-fit or D.N.A.? Well, all we have to do is find the shoe that fits ... It should be easy.
A Trubshaw client has his shoes delivered personally.
You are within an ace of winning.
And you've a new wardrobe.
How lovely you look.
His favorite roll from Shakespeare.
Prospero ... 'The Prospero Project...' ... From The Tempest.
A banished duke, ousted by his brother, marooned on a magic island.
'O Brave New World that hath such people in it.'
Darling Emma -- yes, we: the true genius behind the Prospero Project ... But you died -- in the explosion ... Oh, no.
Fortunately my research into plastics came in handy ... (stunned) Dr. Darling, Peter ... all you ...
Valentine, listen to me ... Right, bridesmaid.
How silly of me -- let me make you comfortable first ... That's better.
'The owl and the pussycat went to sea -' '... in a beautiful pea green boat...' A fine night, Mrs. Peel ... Still a bit chilly ... English weather.
Ah ... sun tan lotion.
Do Do Do De Do De Do De Do De Do Feeling Do De Da Do De Do De Do Feeling seven-up.
You gotta love getting fired from your job in a big way, Otto.
What are you laughing at?
Ow! Debbi honey.
I got you a beer.
Helping hand acceptance corporation, Marlene speaking.
Unh? Thanks Bud.
Helping hand acceptance corporation Marlene speaking.
Helping hand acceptance corporation Marlene speaking.
Helping hand acceptance corporation Marlene speaking.
Have a nice day.
Night, day, it doesn't mean shit (zilch).
I'm nipping this in the bud right now.
I. G. Farben. . .
Cool car.
Hey Bud, hey Bud, who's your new girlfriend?
watch it melonfarmer!)
Part of a secret network.
A scientist who is also in our secret sect smuggled the corpses off of this air force base.
Yes! We're going to have a press conference and tell the world.
But it is alive.
How cute oh no.
Oh yes let's.
Thanks for the ride.
Hey great.
We out of beer?
Let me give you a hand we dont have a whole year to find it boy.
You read that book I gave you?
Science of matter over mind.
Unh uhg You'd better read it and quick.
That book will change your life.
They view life as a bunch of unconnected incidences and things.
Look, there's a nice Del Taco across the street.
Taste damn good too, by golly.
I love Lorna Doones.
Hey buddy!
Hey thanks a lot buddy.
I love you.
(continues softly) Hey it's cool.
Three times decorated in two world wars.
Ahhh, heh.
Oh what fun What's going on?
How you doing baby?
Oh yes it does.
Well! Well! Well!
AWWW, heh heh heh Well we don't have all night.
Hey! Yo! Hey buddy!
Special deputies pull over.
Special deputies pull over.
Hey! Hey! Take it easy.
Great!
I want you to have my baby.
I'll make you a repo wife.
You want to be a hero?
That's the punchline, y'ready?
Buddy Israel, nicknamed "Aces" Born a bastard, mom Laverne chased the pipe dream from a Dairy Queen in Kansas City to the Vegas stage.
But magic man was also a degenerate gambler and got caught dealing bottom- deck at a mob-owned poker parlor.
Made him a friend of the family.
Which was a great gig until we we walked in here and started drinking.
S'day trip.
Right mafuck'n now girl.
(listens, checks watch) We're three miles from The Nomad now.
Trust me.
Don't tell me to "calm down" Ivy!
Fifty grand gouge.
(points to hookers) ...And send out for some new skeeze, the sun's up, these ones are starting to stink... (addressing the girls) Alright ya'll, that's the call, we had our fun, pack it in, pro-ceed to the front.
Be cool, be cool, be cool...c'mon... Just this last little bit, then we're done, just this tiny bit and that's it, that's it, all of it, over-- Awwww, motherfuck me!
Welcome to the new Bureau.
--Keep calm.
Thank you.
deals.
He's giving them up?
He a great dane.
Why you trippin' like that? --I don't know, I feel like you always pushin' up on me, gettin' close and I love you baby, in every way you can love a bitch, 'cept that one.
Good.
Okay-- yeah, I can, I respect that.
Basically-- it'd really be the best thing right now, yeah.
(longer pause) ...Good God... (back down at paperwork) ..Good God... (shell-shocked pause) No, the two of them attached, Agent's Carruthers and Messner.
(with great relief) Wait-- He-- there, that's one of our guys ther-- Excuse me, sir.
We've got a situation developing here in your hotel.
How can I help you?
A set of skills, God-given gifts, I close my eyes.
Aww girl, tell me this mafucka ain't goin' off right now.
Tremendous, that's the attitude.
Good.
sawed-off pump shotgun in one hand, a vintage elephant gun preading viral across a pockmarked face.
...forgive me... Let me see your hands!
What's your name baby girl... ...Georgia.
You know I did baby... (smiling, assessing) And a deep, dark one at that.
Now if you ain't a dog, which you don't look like-- --never in a million girl-- --good, then all you got to be is grateful.
Please.
(seeing Elmore waver) There's some good drugs in the glove box there, homespun, keep you smiling, semi-lucid at leas'... (beat, puffing away) Well, God's speed t'ya then.
Why I-- and my friend and partner, whose body is going into a furnace tomorrow, were not sufficiently apprised of Bureau movement on this matter.
The man's a treasure trove.
(not encouraging) His heart's beating.
Help your family.
Help yourself.
Said the nurses at Misery were the best.
He got better.
Oh doctor, you are the greatest.
Bless you sir, bless you.
He walks better than me.
Get better!
God! (flips on top lights) Faster!
She encourages him.
We've got a good job here.
Out on the Island the volunteers are becoming salaried municipal.
Help others and you help yourself, that was my motto, but I hadn't saved anyone in months.
Thank you.
Horns played in my shoes; flowers fell from my pockets ...
Good morning, Captain.
I've never fired anyone in my life.
It's a weekend of full moons.
Hey, Marcus, it's Love.
Is it true that you and Love went on a blind date?
She loves me the way no woman ever has.
You can't kill my father that easy.
He squeezed my hand!
Move your hand, Dad, one more time.
He's better, though, right?
(reluctant) He's better.
Thanks.
A total stranger he'd do anything for, his own family though ... It's best not to ... (off her look) It's good pizza, huh?
I went to Blessed Sacrament.
Thanks for the pizza.
She's having a baby.
It's a miracle.
That I-just- saved-a-little-baby-boy look.
Six am, the cocktail hour.
(raises cup) Here's to the greatest job in the world.
(knocks vodka back) Greatest job in the world.
(keys mike) It's Marcus, Love, only for you.
I'm coming, Love!
No, I'll be fine.
Be cool, man.
Sit down and relax a minute.
(he relaxes) You shouldn't have come up.
You and CY have a nice talk?
He tell you about Sunrise Enterprises, helping people?
He was my brother's best friend.
Mary's friend.
(hands him keys) I'll fire you tomorrow.
I promise.
I have a great respect for that.
Morning, Griss.
They want to keep him alive, they want to believe in miracles, we keep him alive.
(about Coates) Well, he's the steakhead of the night, then.
I'm going to take care of sleeping beauty.
You're gonna feel the metal getting warm, maybe very warm.
You guys gave me plenty of time to meditate on the future.
I needed a coffee.
I love this city.
We finally got him a room upstairs.
(laughs) That's good, Frank.
Amazing, isn't it?
Everyone, this is the medic who brought my father in.
You should have helped me.
16 XRay parked out front: the sky is going blue.
Christ, what a way to start the day.
He was getting better.
It was better than a telegram.
That's when I was into the gang lifestyle.
BeamSight II is easily mountable on any shotgun, rifle, or sidearm and will project a small, bright red dot directly onto the point where your weapon is aimed ... Man knows what he likes.
(re Wilson's new selection) Packs a punch, but it's compact, has accessible features -- makes a nice concealed-carry piece.
You hadda show up on a weekend.
Got blinded by his smile.
That's not where they met.
A fork fetishist.
I heard you were -- what's that adorable phrase?
-- "at Her Majesty's pleasure."
Earning interest, love.
They found that's the limit of human tolerance when it comes to following the adventures of a family of Mormons on the Chisum Trail.
Now, I was in the habit of saving my newspaper till then.
Bit of fresh air, stretch me legs -- well, stretch the day out, really, that's what you wanna do.
Rock n' roll, is what we called it.
I thought you said you never did an honest day's work in your life.
So what's the deal.
Stay at home, twiddlin' me thumbs.
Ian's got a good thing going over there.
That's good, that.
I really admire the guy.
Good to meet you.
Cheers, mate.
Pleasure.
Great bloke.
Terry, Terry ... Glad I got to meet you.
Too easy?
It's too close now.
It's sunny.
Good job we were still breathing.
Funnily enough, she was married to a milkman.
I said, "Good is she?
He said, " Good ?
Good for 'em.
Makes 'em stronger.
I can see her, the phone in her hand.
But as time went on ... well, it wasn't a joke, was it?
Now listen -- when I was in the nick -- second time, it was -- no, third.
The deal.
Exercising my visitation rights.
You've made it ... brighter.
For a couple of days.
In a couple of days this whole thing -- Who's looking for you?
Because everything that might once have been fun or nice or sweet you had to turn mean and cold and sour.
Why, what -- Please.
(laughs) Is that legal?
Like you've never done worse.
Please!
Mama's gonna take good care of you.
(moving on) This flammable house belongs to one of Lola's other fabulous clients, who is currently shooting a pilot in Toronto.
Thanks.
Listen, Jaden goes down again at 2:30.
The best of all possible worlds.
Candide.
Housewarming gift.
The best part is, I can drink it.
I pumped before I came.
MUSIC begins, providing backing to her monologue.
Then I fell in love with the most wonderful boy in the world.
And when I didn't, I said to myself, "Is that all there is to love?" 151 151 Is that all there is?
Goodnight, sweetheart.
My affairs?
173 173 Margaret leans out her doorway: Goodnight, ratface.
He starts circling things with a red Sharpie.
You look a little Beautiful Mind-ish.
She smiles for an uncomfortably long beat.
The same flash catches a leaf in mid-air, sizzling through it like an etched x-ray.
Gavin Taylor's one of the best TV writers out there.
I love it.
Gavin kneels down to greet... Puggies!
That's how I like ya. 223-226 223-226 That guy's looking at me.
I see why the network loves her.
She's one of my best friends.
They love it.
She loves you.
A woman singing.
With exaggerated relief... God, thank you.
Thank you for finally playing that card.
Congratulations, you win.
Upfronts is the week each year when the networks present their fall schedule to advertisers.
Above his own head, he sees the same sphere of light -- only his is bright white.
Finally it lands on `Exit.'
If God is a ten -- a theoretical ultimate, that-which- no-greater-can-be-imagined -- you're more of a nine.
She didn't mean to get on that tangent... What's important is that you, you're the big cheese.
You had ice cream at lunch.
He fishes the keys out of his pocket.
I'm parked that way.
No. You're like the Quentin Tarantino of that world.
A videogame God.
You created the world.
And you make the rules.
Remind me not to piss you off, Sarah.
Don't get me wrong, this world is nice.
It was warm.
And white.
She kisses him.
MUSIC BEGINS, a song that will carry us through the next sequence.
Everyone fastens their seatbelts.
I like my life, here, with you and Noelle...
Well we can enjoy your success, Barton, even if you can't.
Don't worry about me, dear boy I want you to celebrate.
Don't panic, I'll join you in a minute.
The play was marvelous.
No pressure here, Barton, because I respect you, but let me point out a couple of things.
I feel I'm on the brink of success- I'd say you're already enjoying some.
No, a real success the success we've been dreaming about the creation of a new, living theater of, about, and for the common man!
If I ran off to Hollywood now I'd be making money, going to parties, meeting the big shots, sure, but I'd be cutting myself off from the wellspring of that success, from the common man.
...Look, they love you, kid everybody does.
Welcome to the Hotel Earle.
...Though we provide privacy for the residential guest, we are also a full service hotel including complimentary shoe shine.
Look, the liquor's good, wuddya say? ...
Damned interesting work, I'd imagine.
...Is the egg showing or what?! That's okay; actually I am just starting out in the movies though I was pretty well established in New York, some renown there, Oh, it's an exciting time then.
There's a few people in New York hopefully our numbers are growing who feel we have an opportunity now to forge something real out of everyday experience, create a theater for the masses that's based on a few simple truths not on some shopworn abstractions about drama that doesn't hold true today, if they ever did... ...I don't guess this means much to you.
I'm glad you stopped by.
I find it all pretty damned interesting.
More please.
I love.
You married, Bart?
Ya see, her hubby was out of town at the time You know, in a way, I envy you Charlie.
It's damned interesting.
He's good.
Funny stuff, funny stuff.
Easiest thing in the world!
Ready... wrestle!
Jesus, what a day I've had.
Jesus, what a day.
How goes the life of the mind?
Well, it's been better.
I'm just glad I don't have to ply MY trade in the wee-wee hours.
Thanks, brother.
Audrey, thank you for coming.
Thank you.
Thank you.
In between, the good wrestler has a love interest or a child he has to protect.
Barton, honestly, only the last couple- Hah!
Hah! I'LL say he escaped!
...Well, we don't have much time.
No!... I'm fine.
Thank you.
(off) Barton, listen to me.
So happy to see ya! Sit! Talk! Relax for a minute, then talk!
Ben Geisler tells me things're going along great.
On the Lower East Side... Great!
You damn well better be.
Well... to be honest, I'm never really comfortable discussing a work in progress.
Mr. Lipnik, I This man creates for a living!
THANK him for it!
Thank him, you ungrateful sonofabitch!
I respect your artistry and your methods, and if you can't fill us in yet, well hell, we should be kissing your feet for your fine efforts.
I don't wanna drag it with me, but I don't trust 'em downstairs, and I'd like to think it's in good hands.
Funny, huh, when everything that's important to a guy, everything he wants to keep from a lifetime when he can fit it into a little box like that.
Well, keep it for me.
This one's better looking than the doc.
You're cute! 'Scuse me, buddy, mind if I cut in?
This is MY dance, sailor!
Celebrating the completion of something GOOD! Do you understand that, sailor?
Give the navy a dance!
Hey, Four-F, take a hike!
I CREATE!
You made morning papers, Fink.
I'm getting off the merry-go-round.
Congratulations.
They'd love to see me sit this one out.
They don't wanna see a guy wrestling with his soul well, all right, a little bit, for the critics but you make it the carrot that wags the dog.
He liked you.
Trusted you.
Not until you grow up a little.
I said it's a beautiful day... Yes...
It's wonderful, isn't it?
Dr. Bones, you're going to love this place.
Real big welcome to Isla Nublar, Dr. Grant, Dr. Sattler.
Come on down, we're so happy to have you.
This is Robert Muldoon, great African big game hunter.
Mr. Gennaro, nice to have you back.
Mr. Regis, what is the nature of this park?
In a moment, our film will begin.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to an ancient and mysterious world, a world long before humankind inhabited it with all out remarkable dreams and questions.
Biotechnology promises the greatest revolution in human history.
We'll see square trees for easy lumbering and white trout for super visibility to fisherman.
Why it will transform every aspect of human life: out medical care, our food, our health, even our very entertainment.
You won't miss a couple.
And there's a mighty nucleus, the heart and brain of a cell.
This nucleus has an amazing property.
Come on, that's enough of this!
A lot of fun, isn't it, Mr. Gennaro?
Donald, in bringing my old friend, Alan Grant, you've brought an excellent critic to observe the viability of my island and out venture.
I look forward to winning you over, Dr. Grant.
My grandchildren.
How do you grow it?
That's why you create the mist.
The eggs are permeable to skin oils.
Eggs that are determined viable spend their last couple days in our specially- designed incubators, which help accelerate the pre-natal developmental stages.
... so naturally, Hammond's going to present everything in the best light.
That'll keep 'em alive, but it won't keep 'em happy.
Hey! Great day for a tour!
Welcome to Jurassic Park.
We'll begin our tour today with the herbivores ...and the grasses are a species of juniper, and samples can be purchased at the gift shop.
Can you imagine the excavation team seeing this! Congratulations.
My God, we're going to make a fortune here!
I liked the goat.
It's like the Garden of Eden out there.
This is the most beautiful time of day.
Better rout the tour back.
They can start again sun-up tomorrow morning.
Here you go now, this will make it all better, Mr. Hammond.enjoy
a healthy snack.
This is also a good time to Hey, is that bathroom working?
Are you ok? Thank God you're here.
Nice and slow.
Gimmie you hand, come on, here you go.
Ed's your friend.
Thank God.
Help me.
There's a lot of extraneous movement out there.
Come here, babies!
Whoa!! Take is easy!
He likes me to ride him.
Oh good, 'cause I love the park!
Run! hears the crashing of trees.
Thank God! Arnold!
My good God.
My animals!
My animals!
If we take the raft along the river, we can make much faster progress.
Keep going.
Look, Lex! Look!
Cool! Thought is looked calm?
Come on, Wu! Come on!
Help!
No, keep an eye on things round here for me.
I'll be back with the others.
Ellie, I'm go glad - Shut up and listen.
I created genetic miracles!
It's blooming!
They're so beautiful.
Please!
Please.
It's nice to see you.
Well, I'm glad you're here now.
Well I love it.
This is for weekends and holidays.
Ted's finishing a new building down town and when it's done we're taking one of the new apartments.
Do you think she's excited to have you back?
It's nice right?
Great.
She's been great, everyone's been great.
Good.
It's cool, I'm good at hiding it.
Good morning.
Good.
There's this great juice shop in town, I got us a couple of juices.
It is hot, sunny, and peaceful.
Earlier this year, in the spring.
Was it a big wedding?
Jesus you're gorgeous.
Whatever makes you happy mama bear.
You're making fun of me and I think it looks really good.
What are you laughing about I cooked for you your whole life.
Ted and Martha continue to laugh.
Ted and Lucy get ready for bed.
You'll be nice to her right?
Yeah, it's so special.
Is it strange to spend time together?
If she's happy, I'm happy.
She's relieved to have you back.
The frame fills with tiny bubbles, she comes up for air exhilarated.
She continues to swim, the camera follows her under water.
He welcomes her, the room looks warm and comforting.
We had a garden where I lived?
You're good.
The guy was checking you out Martha! Relax.
I've already invited clients.
He's beautiful.
You're good with them.
Good, we don't drink.
Dinner's ready.
It's not your fault but you learned that success is measured by money and possessions.
I should be teaching you.
The cat reminds you of some fluffy thing you think you used to love.
I trust you.
And when you are truly present, that's nirvana, that's pure love.
It's too hot, let it cool for a minute.
Thanks mom.
Everything was fine.
That's good.
Are you going to drink the tea?
Right Max? Yeah, I'm cool.
Max is strong, he'll be fine.
You're my favorite, I won't lose you.
It looks nice.
The truth of the matter is, a successful children's show has always depended on two simple elements: a fuzzy costume and a lot of hype.
(singing to the tune of 'She'll be Comin' round the Mountain') 'We'll get that monkey off your back, Yes we will, yes we will We'll get that monkey off your back, Yes we will...' 'We'll get that monkey off your back And get your life right back on track If you'll just give up the smack Yes you will, yes you will!!' Thanks, fellas.
Thanks.
But it's sweet of you to assume so.
Kidnet.' (to Nora) Good gravy.
Well, it's a pleasure to meet you, Nora.
Organic, rich in natural protein, and nobody gets killed.
Making people happy and delivering a positive message.
See, I was raised by my grandfather, and Grandpop paved driveways for a living... Are we going into a story?
You're telling me that Kidnet is finally ready to do a show of Smoochy quality?
I'm honored to have you as a Rhinette.
(chuckles) To make a long story short, I walk out with a check for a hundred grand and Stokes is sitting there with his thumb up his ass.
It's funny, that never crossed my mind.
I'll cut the strings and open the magic door for you.
Ah! They're beautiful!
Why was the 'Please and Thank You Song' cut?
The cookie song is a meaningless piece of fluff without the 'Please and Thank You' coda!
Now get your spongy orange ass out there and dance for the cameras.
Welcome to fatty Arbuckle-land.
Now if only I had my super duper, super secret, super special... Magic Cookie Bag! Right-o-riffic!
(singing) 'Lookie, lookie, lookie, here comes the cookies!
Right from the soil, no tropical oils!
Sweetened with juice, for an energy boost!
Give 'em a cookie... give 'em a cookie... Wow! Look at this cookie, kids!
What a special day with such special cookies!
Man, I love club soda.
God created Adam and what did he get?
He breathed life into a winner.
Thanks.
Great.
That'll come in handy if we're ever at a square dance.
Well, I was never much of the do- se-do type, but what I would love to do is take you out to lunch one day.
Wow... My cousin Spinner's take quite a shine to you.
Very sweet disposition for someone that size.
Uh, that's a very sweet offer, and I love Spinner, but TV is a complicated medium and...
K.O.! What's the alphabet, Mommy?
You're a good boy, Mopes.
On behalf of FunZone Toys, I'd like to congratulate you on your recent promotion, and present you with a small gift.
Uh... that's nice of you, Ben, but a card would have been fine.
He says he's an old friend.
Congratulations on your little ice show.
You should be proud of that.
Proud that you represent a client who paves driveways, not paints them over.
I'm thrilled, Shel.
That was my favorite show when I was a kid.
He was my inspiration for Smoochy.
He was my inspiration to work in children's television.
I did it at my first communion.
Better get that.
Good night.
Why just yesterday I was commenting -- Sir, we're having a banquet tomorrow and we'd be honored to have you perform for us.
Rainbow Randolph.
Amen to that.
It gives me great pleasure to introduce our very special guest... a supporter of the cause and a friend to the brotherhood.
Please welcome, the one, the only... Smoochy the Rhino!
It's so nice to see good friends!
Sing along with me now!
How do you do, my good -- ' Heil Smoochy!
Thank you.
I still love you!
They wanna meet ya.
Thank you.
Ladies and gentlemen... boys and girls... (dramatic pause) Who's your favorite rhino?
Smoochy!!! Thank you.
It's good to be back.
Lollipop trees with roots in venom!
Stand strong!
Hundreds of well- wishers stood outside Kidnet Studios today hoping to catch a glimpse of their favorite rhino.
(pointing to door) Out!! Easy, Spinner.
Watch the ribs, buddy.
I've been practicing and practicing and I got real good, Sheldon.
Some very good news.
It's the story of a venomous rhino and his aggressive campaign to slander, vilify, defame, denigrate and villainize my good name!
But one thing he can't do, is take my life from me.
Sound advice, Mr. Mopes.
You did this to me! Whatcha doin', Rainbow Randolph?
Cowbells are for babies.
Right-o-riffic!
And now, boys and girls, I have a special surprise.
I'd like to introduce the newest member of the Magic Jungle... my cousin... Moochy the Rhino!
Welcome to the Jungle!
It's fine, Spinner.
But tomorrow in rehearsal we're gonna work on a new thing called 'the importance of hitting your mark.' Great!
Thanks.
Smoochy is bright orange, Moochy is burnt rust!
Well, God help those guys now.
Other than that, you're great company.
Auf Wiedersehen, honey.
He's the hottest kid show host from Asia.
I was in love with her!
In love!
He's incapable of understanding the love we once had! Tender, yet passionate.
Holy mother of Toledo.
Look, what I did before I met you is none of your business.
I... uh... read once that the best way to diffuse a tense situation is with a little humor.
Make me one of those drinks that used to make us all warm and fuzzy before bouncy-bouncy time!
I'm telling you, you'd love this joke.
(to Nora) Vodka straight up is fine, sugar babe!
Giddy up, pony! (to tune of 'Ol' MacDonald) 'Rainbow Randolph is the man.
With some fun, fun here, and a laugh, laugh there.
It's Rainbow Randolph!
I finally realized we're living in a different jungle.
You're a good boy.
Get on with your life.
And now... it gives us great pleasure to introduce America's favorite rhino... ladies and gentlemen... boys and girls... Heeeeeere's Smoochy!
With his partner and comrade... the one, the only... Rainbow Randolph!
It makes me feel better.
(kisses her mother) Bye Mum.
(kisses her mum again) I love you.
Morning darling.
Thank God you're my boss.
Promise?
Promise.
It won't take a moment.
I'm in a Taxi on my way to the Hotel.
Love you.
I'm with the wedding party.
Harvey Shine.
Good.
My daughter.
Susan Shine.
Hi darling.
Well, I'm sure that's pretty profitable too.
Good to meet you, Harvey.
Suz... (beat) You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Give us a hug then, as they say in this country.
What? (beat) I'll be good.
You enjoy your friends.
I mean, I'm happy to meet new people.
(smiles) You are.
What do you fancy?
I'll have another white wine.
No. (beat) We met through friends.
Go easy Harvey.
Oh, you're good Jean.
You're really good.
Were you ever proud of me?
The parties Jean.
I'm great.
Enjoying yourself?
No Sweetheart, it's your weekend.
You just enjoy yourself.
Great.
(beat) Well, not great, but...fine.
Yeah, Suz? Listen, I've been thinking.
Marvin, I'll be there lunch- time.
Good book?
That'll help.
(looking back at her book) Join the club.
What time is it - tea time?
I'll buy you tea.
That's why we should have lunch - tea.
Thank you, but...no.
Look we are having lunch together.
(looks up and smiles) No. We're having lunch next to each other.
Harvey Shine.
So why aren't you at the wedding?
You liked it?
Well...it's been a pleasure...Harvey Shine.
I'd better go.
More fun than a hotel next to a runway, right?
Yours is a beautiful city, Kate.
(smiles) Ah.
(beat) I love you too.
Yes, my rotting eggs are her raison d'etre.
(beat) Well, here we are.
(smiles) It's getting cold.
Congratulations.
You look fantastic.
Thank you.
I'd better go.
And now for the best man's speech.
(laughter) Oh, no, here she is.
It is the turn of the Father of the Bride to say a few words.
Thanks.
I wanna tell the world how lucky it is to have our Suzie in it!
And I can see from the way she looks at you.
From the way she is with you, that she is... (beat) ...happy.
(beat) And I thank you and welcome you to the family.
I would like to turn it back over to Brian, with a note of... gratitude.
(beat) Thank you for being there for my baby girl.
Thank you for being there, when I wasn't.
Well done.
Ladies and Gentlemen, the first dance.
Thanks for coming back Dad.
Thanks for having me back.
You are very kind.
(bows his head a little/with a smile) Well, thank you Ms. Walker.
(beat/sings) You make me happy - when skies are grey.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Harvey Shine.
And can you arranfe a monitored bed for him for tonight.
Oh, that, yes...It's, um...The neighbour gave it to me.
Morning Paddy.
Looking lovely as ever.
(listens) Yes.
That sounds right.
(listens) Thank you.
Please.
Well you get yourself back here my friend.
Well, that's great Marvin.
Yeah, `it's great'.
If you just give me a little wider smile.
(smiling/laughing) Oh, shut up, Harvey.
That's better.
Harvey Shine.
Nothing in the pockets but a single key, filed smooth.
(beat) I'm married now.
Nice guy, early forties.
I teach now, fifth grade.
(beat) Was I in love ever...? Did someone look in my eyes, did I say, "Darling, I'll never forget you...?" (beat) Because fuck me, darling, I managed.
Please.
(beat) He said Charly Baltimore's alive, sir.
Ooh, j'aimerais la baiser.
Beautiful language.
See, you *will* ride this bike home, princess.
(beat) You're good.
Charlene, darling -- My name is Caine.
Beautiful.
Where's Charly...? Relax.
The guy's story checks out.
Good night.
Oh, for the love of Christ, who can be so fucking important?
I'll come in for a full debriefing, but we do it my way.
She mustn't threaten our success.
Nice to meet'cha.
People finish dancing, they think the waiter lifted 'em.
Thank God.
I'm trying to bring us in from the field alive... Chapter.
Can you trust them?
*Come this way, everybody*!
Easy, Spike.
Good point.
On the plus side, I won two bucks at video poker.
I'd love to.
Merry Christmas, son, here's a ball glove, did you know Daddy screamed when they carved the name in his back...? Mary, by the way.
Good morning, Raymond.
Um... morning, Ms. Caine.
Thanks.
Merry Christmas.
At the end... there she was, this pretty little girl at the bottom of the ocean, smiling at me.
Stared up at me in the strangest way... saying how'd it come to this, we were so pretty and perfect, now look at us, sinking with our head all open... Said when she grew up she was gonna teach school.
(softly:) This is the last time I'll ever be pretty.
I was gonna say enjoy life, eat out more often.
Take her alive, Perkins wants her!
Good to have you back again, Chuck.
Listen to me, Timothy.
Please.
Mommy... Shhhhh.
You can have your dolly, and Mommy will be next to you, how's that?
(to himself) C'mon, buddy.
*No, Goddamn you, they got you flanked...*! Dear Ma: I'm looking at the ants, they're pretty great.
Give up.
Oh, honey.
Mommy, get up now.
Good morning, I'm Charly.
Thanks, ma.
(with great pride) After you, Mr. President.
Good morning everybody.
Barbara, good morning.
You've had your hair done.
Thank you, Madiba.
He wants the satisfaction of firing us himself.
Good morning ... how are you ... thank you for coming at such short notice ... etc.
I ask only that you do your jobs to the best of your abilities, and with good hearts.
I promise to do the same.
If we can manage that, our country will be a shining light in the world.
Office of the President, good morning.
Come in, beautiful.
Yes, but -- In public, when people see me, they see my bodyguards, too.
The rainbow nation starts here.
Sports fans.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you for honoring our new flag!
And good thing he never saw it.
And I, for one, am glad.
I warmed the milk tonight.
You're too good to me.
Good night.
Good night, Madiba.
There's enough for everybody!
God bless you.
You're a very lucky boy.
Brothers, sisters ... join us in our anthem.
Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrica etc (God Bless Africa) -- Brothers, sisters, members of the choir -- we would only interrupt such beautiful music for something truly important.
In this case, for someone truly important.
Smile.
I learned their language, I read their history, I read their poetry.
And they treasure Springbok rugby.
A luxury.
The millions of our people say thank you, and thank you again.
It's good to be home, sir.
Morning boys.
Morning, sir.
How is your family, Hendrick?
Top shape, sir.
We never ask him about his family.
Thank you Madiba.
He's had dinner with the Queen.
With Presidents and movie stars.
See who's coming for tea?
It wasn't funny the first time.
Thanks.
What are our chances in the World Cup?
Francois, what an honor.
I'm so excited.
Thank you for inviting me.
Has it healed?
In sports, and in life.
Please.
Ah, Mrs. Brits -- -- you are a shining light in my day.
How do you take your tea, Francois?
The English have given us many things, including rugby, but afternoon tea is one of the greatest.
Thank you, sir.
It is not so difficult to get people to do their best.
But there is more to it than that ... (searching for the right ... inspiration, perhaps.
How do we inspire ourselves to greatness, when nothing less will do?
This is wonderful.
Australia won the previous World Cup.
New Zealand won the one before that.
This is a great opportunity.
Afternoon men.
It's good to see you working so hard.
Let's do our best.
Good.
(next photo is of Chester) Unfortunately, Chester is far too easy to identify.
It means "God Bless Africa".
(shaking hands with all of Good luck Brendan, we're behind you all.
Enough fun and games!
It's time for bed.
The country is excited tonight.
The game plan's good.
Out of the night that covers me, Black as the pit from pole to pole, I thank whatever gods may be For my unconquerable soul.
Welcome, and thank you for coming such a long way to see me.
Thanks for reminding me.
Oh yes.
Thanks, Francois.
It's a new international record.
And, also, there's the business of the haka.
Their Maori war dance.
Okay, thanks.
Morning, boys.
Morning, Madiba.
Not on our watch.
These All Blacks are possibly one of the greatest international sides ever, with a player in Jonah Lomu who is as dominant as any this correspondent has ever seen.
So, take a reality check, sit back and share an afternoon with one billion fellow fans around the world.
And as you do, feel a special pride in having made it this far.
I'm so glad you're here.
Who's the fittest team on this field?
Francois ... a few words ... ... great game, but I don't think you could've done it without the amazing support of these 63,000 South Africans -- (into mike, words booming) We didn't have the support of 63,000 South Africans today.
Francois, I want to thank you most sincerely for what you have done to our country.
Mr. President, I want to thank you for what you have done.
You're ruinin' my good mood.
We're there, Sunshine.
Yeah, they've got great muscle tone.
Good science starts with good observation.
(to camera) So, whatever.
(Na'vi, subtitled) May the All Mother smile upon our first meeting.
Actually, we got lucky with him.
The last thing I need is another trigger happy asshole out there! Look, you're supposed to be winning the hearts and minds of the natives.
Relax and let your mind go blank.
That's a gorgeous brain.
We have a new face.
Ya'll have fun out there.
Relax, Marine.
The kids were so bright, so eager to learn... they picked up English faster than I could teach it to them.
See, right here where the roots of the two trees interact.
Trust me.
He's not going to make it till morning.
But -- thanks.
Thank you.
Okay, fine, you love your little forest friends.
You have a strong heart.
No! This is the first warrior dreamwalker we have seen.
You will teach him our way, to speak and walk as we do.
Nay-TEE-ree.That's nice.
Your mom likes me.
That's awesome, Jake.
(he laughs) And that worked?
(next photo) Mo'at.
(next photo) Eytukan.
The Great Mother.
Neytiri was my best student.
Norm's attitude has improved lately.
Thank you?
You've gotta roll the R, r-r-r-oll it.
It's good he's back on board, but he thinks I'm a retard too.
I sweet-talked Mo'at into giving Norm and Grace a hall pass.
Now Grace even makes me coffee before link every morning.
I'm learning to read the trails, the tracks at the water-hole, the tiniest scents and sounds.
Like out there is the true world, and in here is the dream.
I See you Brother, and thank you.
That's right, Grace.
A scientist stays objective -- we can not be ruled by emotion.
Let's dance.
The Great Leonopteryx is the apex aerial predator.
That's right -- to embed with the Omaticaya.
(smiling wanly) It's okay.
Oh wise worm, eater of the Sacred Tree -- bless this worthy Hunter with a true vision.
We call this utraya mokri -- the Tree of Voices.
The voices of our ancestors, who live within Eywa.
Ninat is the best singer -- I don't want Ninat.
There is Beyral -- she is a good hunter -- I've already chosen.
But you have also taught me.
We are mated for life.
Those trees were sacred to the Omaticaya in a way you can't imagine.
The wealth of this world isn't in the ground -- it's all around us.
It'll be humane.
Babies!
They trust me.
A great evil is upon us.
I fell in love-- with the forest, with the Omaticaya People -- (he looks at her) -- with you.
The Well of Souls.
The heart of the forest.
Wise ancestors who live within Eywa, guide us.
I stand before you, ready to serve the People.
I beg the help of the Great Mother.
Look where we are, Grace.
But you gave them your heart.
I'm proud of you, Jake.
Help them.
Her wounds were too great, there was not enough time.
You would honor me by translating.
(into his headset) Quaritch is gonna take out the Well of Souls!
No! (clipped, pilot-like) Norm, I love you.
They're safe.
And it is good.
New life keeps the energy flowing, like the breath of the world.
The science guys will keep the lights on, here.
I better wrap this up.
You got yourself a first aid kit?
Good for you.
Great, see how easy that was.
Respect their land and they'll respect you.
Sheryl fights her temptation to laugh.
At about two miles up there'll be a junction where you can pick your path.
Thanks.
Mike and Sheryl offer a smile and quickly exit.
They burst out laughing.
ANGLE ON - Mike's keys and his Boston Red Sox key chain.
(Excited) Yup.
Sheryl shakes her head and smiles.
Nature at its best.
Mike and Sheryl have begun their ascent.
It's cute, right?
You big baby.
She is worn, haggard, but has a friendly, smile.
The path opens up.
He cuts through some tiny evergreens, off the path... Mike freezes when he sees... Sheryl's backpack lies against a tree.
But no Sheryl, until... Good old Hansel.
She smiles at him coyly.
Truce?
Truce.
They kiss.
Crosses her heart.
He leans in, they kiss again.
Soft and sweet at first.
They kiss again.
DARRYL, 30, a skinny local with a twisted smile and LONNIE, 20's, a slob, emerge from the forest.
They are followed by... BRODY, 35, scruffy and unshaven, their ringleader.
You folks best be careful about what you do up here... Never know who's watching.
It's easy to spot the city folk.
Sheryl laughs.
STARS FILL THE SKY.
Crickets chirp, but aside from that, peace and quiet reign.
Sheryl smiles, shakes her head playfully.
Sheryl pulls Mike into her, they kiss.
Strong and deep.
Sheryl KISSES Mike.
The lovers move in unison.
Perfection.
The lovers EXHALE.
I was good.
Nah, it was good.
I know that's of little comfort now, but trust me, it's a good thing.
Thank you.
For saving my life.
You met her with me yesterday.
Ida offers her palm.
We'll get some of that primrose in you and you'll be good as new.
Mike relaxes, as best he can anyway.
ON MIKE - Listening nervously.
Well, I ain't seen no one in days.
Sickle/Axe in hand.
I promise you.
Everything's going to be fine.
Ida walks right up to Sheryl.
She places a FLOWER WREATH in her hair, adjusts it to fit.
Just perfect.
You are lovely as a summer's day.
Deacon stares at him, but... Deacon!
Get him ready.
Clyde places the needle down on a record, CRANKS THE WHEEL.
Shimmying into the room, wearing a dusty, old wedding dress and a flower wreath in her hair is Sheryl.
Amen.
And so, in the presence of our Lord Jesus Christ, I ask you Michael... and you Sheryl, do you accept the sacred covenant of marriage?
Clyde kisses Ida, exits.
Her hand is secured to table top.
Please.
There are a lot of women that can't carry a baby full term.
I'll help you.
Please.
He stares out, nervously watching.
G'morning, Brody.
It'd be the best fifteen seconds of your life, darling!
You promised.
I want that baby.
You promised.
Sheryl starts LAUGHING.
Help! Down here!
(To Mike) Come on, baby.
She places her hand on her stomach.
(singing) "Let me see what spring is like..." The car turns a bend, and suddenly the floodlights and stands of a football stadium come into view.
The BOYS smile in excitement.
(singing) "..on Jupiter and Mars.." `LEEDS UNITED FOOTBALL CLUB' written on the side of the stadium.
CLOUGH smiles, then puts his foot down.
The BOYS' smiles fade.
The presenter is Today we welcome Brian Clough as he starts his new job as manager of Leeds United, taking over from Don Revie - the most successful manager in the club's history, under whom Leeds have won everything.. ..not QUITE everything.
Looking forward to it.
The biggest challenge of your life, and you'll be without Peter Taylor, for the first time.
CLOUGH (cont'd) Football is a beautiful game, Austin.
They wouldn't have played football that way if they were happy.
CLOUGH looks out.. Morning lads!
Lovely Yorkshire weather!
(gestures shivering) I tell you makes me want to jump on a plane right back to Majorca! CLOUGH laughs.
Happy days, Sir.
Happy days.
Well, you can't fucking train on it then.
Welcome to Derby, Don.
Pleasure to meet you.
Close him down!
And a good one.
God gave you skill, intelligence, and the best passing ability in the game.
But if you want your grandchildren to remember you for being something other than the dirty buggers you all were, if you want to be loved as REAL champions, WORTHY champions, you're going to have to work.
It's beautiful.
A thing of fucking beauty!! "Love and marriage, love and marriage, it's an institute you can't disparage.." CLOUGH (cont'd) "Try, try, try to separate them, it's an illusion.
..for Leeds to win the First Division title, and for me to be named as English Manager of the year...feels like a dream come true...
You enjoy it, Don.
There's a good lad.
The twin towers of Wembley Stadium, the cathedral of English football on a glorious late-summer's day... good afternoon everyone, it's the Charity Shield, the opening Saturday of the 1974 season, and a first chance to get a look at Brian Clough's Leeds... Will you be supporting Leeds today, Don? You'd expect nothing less having been their manager for 13 years.
The people of Leeds are used to winning.
Right, the team for today is: Harvey in goal, Reaney, Cherry, Bremner, McQueen, Hunter, Lorimer, Clarke, Jordan, Giles, Gray.
New approach.
(a beat) Let's see some of you playing with a smile.
The roar of the CROWD grows louder... CLOUGH (cont'd) Saying how excited I was to be taking this job.
All around them, (ARCHIVE FOOTAGE) 67,000 belting out "God Save The Queen".
There I am making a big song and dance to the media about our new approach.
Our new attitude.
You're my best player.
Well he's not fucking here now, is he?
EQUALS.
And..? Who scored?
It was beautiful.
Derby win against Ipswich Town - 1-0 Derby win against Sheffield United - 4-0 Derby beat Huddersfield Town - 3-0 A NEWSREADER announces that Derby County have won the First Division Championship.
The DERBY PLAYERS celebrate in a communal bath, holding the trophy, drinking champagne.
CLOUGH, still celebrating, and still surrounded by PLAYERS and FANS Derby County winning the championship is a victory for decency, for honesty and for football.
(laughing, rubbing eye) Good lad.
Thank you for the compliment.
It's nice isn't it.
For the good guys to win for once.
Which for you was the most important match to win and the best performance from your point of view... Beating Leeds United, obviously.
To be honest, I know what I want to achieve, I know what the people of Derby want us to achieve, but when you've got a chairman not wanting to put his hand in his pocket... CLOUGH (cont'd) You ever see eighty five or perhaps ninety percent of chairmen talking - I'd love a few chairmen on your programme occasionally - I believe the very sight of them brings the game into disrepute (some clap in the audience).
I love football.
MOH AMMED ALI (con t'd) But there's some fellow in London, England named...."Brian Clough"... (audience laughter) Anyway I heard all the way in America, They say he's another Mohammed Ali.
The best player I've got.
There's a good lad.
(a beat) We've a game Saturday.
Against Queens Park Rangers.
Well, you haven't told us a single thing about how QPR will play.
Had the first team looking out for this and that.
(tailing off) Passion.
Finally O'HARE and MCGOVERN, too.
You must be loving this.
It's two in the morning.
Brand new.
His smile fades.
He walks up to the REP from the CAR Nice to meet you, pet.
Now, you can take your lovely sports cars, and put `em back on your transporter.. What?
Surrounded by people who love him.
Kisses his wife.
CLOUGH (cont'd) You smell nice.
Said it was important.
Past the photographs on the wall.
The pictures of a smiling DON REVIE - mocking him.
Look, Mr. Cussins, I know it's not been the best of starts, but in my defence, there are a couple of things I'd like to say...
CLOUGH smiles nervously, visibly relieved... Is that it, then?
Having seen something through a window.. Outside: DON REVIE walks down into the car park and towards his car - cheered and clapped every step of the way by LEEDS The Messiah of West Yorkshire... Seagulls wheeling.
And ambition.
It'd be good for my health.
Please?
For me? MIKE BAMBER and HARRY BLOOM, Brighton Chairman and Vice- Chairman, likeable men, (for the first time NOT in blazers and brass buttons), sit opposite CLOUGH and TAYLOR... Sign today, I'll give you a bonus of seven grand.
Seven grand?
BAMBER offers his hand.
CLOUGH stares at it.. CLOUGH (cont'd) We're going to need a holiday first.
TAYLOR beams with delight.
Azure skies.
Beer and sun tan lotion.
On the beach, BARBARA CLOUGH is playing with the three CLOUGH KIDS in the shallow water.
CLOUGH, sitting in the sand, sunning-himself.
KEITH ARCHER walks across the beach, the scalding sand, sweating under the merciless sun... Until he finds CLOUGH.
The PRESENTER looks up.. Good evening.
We'll be talking not just to Brian Clough, but also to the man he replaced, who's success he couldn't emulate, Don Revie.
But I do feel Brian Clough, I won't call him Clough because I won't take him down like that.. Thank you.
The last four seasons, we've topped the charts for entertaining football.
I was taking over the League Champions.
And I fancied winning the league, and winning Europe, and doing it better than you.
See, there he goes again.. Listening to you, I am struck that this is not just a business matter for you both.
In football and in life.
I'm a warm man.
An idealist.
A happy family.
Massaging those boys.
Well are you surprised?
Ha! (he elbows her) Rule of wrist.
I finally found your Da's army revolver, Connor.
No ma! No! Oh Jesus, No! No! Oh God!
That was a good one ma.
No ma! Christ ma! No! (to Connor) Oh, she's quite proud of herself.
(laughs) He got beat up by a girl.
I trip over em for Christ sakes, now ya listen ta me, NO FIGHTEN!
We promise.
Yeah, we promise.
Well, there's my boys.
I got the best ballistics guy in the world.
You guy's ready for this?
Though creative, it was way too sloppy.
(to Greenly) We'll start the ass kissing with you.
(turns to detectives) Good work, Mitchell.
Let's go get a cup of coffee.
We're alive.
He's a nice guy.
We have thanked them for their cooperation and we thank you, the media, for your tireless pursuit of the truth.
We would be honored, sir, if you would join us peasants, in a donut.
Saints?
(hushed) Well, it's the funny man.
(a bit defiant) Joey Bevo said it was important.
I'm the funny man.
(hushed) Tell me a joke funny man.
I caught your show down at the velvet room at the Holiday Inn, loved it when you busted into Viva Las Vegas.
Thanks, Rocco.
See ya.
The funny man.
The funny man.
Excellent!
Greenly.
Join me in a drink, gentlemen.
With the exception of my coffee boy, you Boston detectives are starting to show signs of intelligence.
This is our wet dream come true.
This better be good.
(smiling) See.
So we shall flow a river forth to thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be.
Oh, we're good man.
I love our new job.
I'm the funny man.
That scene over at the coffee shop today tapped me out.
Friends, Gentlemen.
They were friends.
At least we got our funny man back.
I mean, what are you guys... like that's your new thing right?
Well, what'ya do?
(excited, yelling) MEEE! ME! I'm the guy!
(through laughter) You look like Mush Mouth from Fat Albert.
It looks good.
It's good.
He watches me do my thing and f- finishes himself off.
I don't wanna die!!!!! I've never seen wounds like these before, but whatever he used on this guy, it was a blunt object and they took it with them.
For a few seconds this place was Armageddon!
I can't get a good sample.
And he is one smart man.
He's a good man.
Okay, thank you.
You love me man.
As entertainment.
Listen baby.
(beat) Bevo's so great.
He doesn't have a care in the world.
And we will send you to whatever God you wish.
(Beginning to move off) ...Well I'll catch ya later, Biggy ... Bye Rosemary!
That'll teach ya! (PAUSE)...
With teeth!... No, pardon me, so r ry , l e t' s g e t t hi s r i gh t - no t teeth... Dentures!
C'mon, mate, be brave.
That's the spirit!
Yeah, he's doin' good... Aintcha, Colin?
(Weakly) Yeah, I'm good.
You enjoying those?
All I ever did was love 'er ... ... Maybe I loved 'er too much ... * Maybe that's it ... * (Calling out) He's 'ome!! Yeah, alright Muffles, got somethin' for you an' all - choc-choc!
He comes bearing gifts, look!
Pink Revised 21st May 2008 21. (Fondly... Indulgent) ... Alright, it's the Med, I give in!! (Munching) ... What? (To herself.
Helping) For what?
- What would you know 'bout what it means to be married?! You're still livin' with your fuckin' Mum! * (Stepping in) Oi! Oi! Oi! Oi! (Rises.
... Can 'ardly look at 'im!... Make ya weep! ~_ Mother of God!
Come on then, whad ya win?
For a giggle.
Six to four! Lovely!
That's me done!... 'Ad some dinner in the corner - fillet steak, coupla spuds... last d rink - lar ge ca lvado s... Home met hi nks , "G et me a ca b" , ove r th e bridge, bung `im a nifty -."Ta, guv", wipe my feet, cup of cocoa, into me jim- jams, lights out ... ain't life grand!
Nice one!
W ha t a booboo!
Of c ourse you will!!... I'll take you back, Liz - I fo r g i ve y o u - c o s t h a t ' s w h a t overlovers', do, you see -they 'overlove' - they love too much!
(Delicately) Colin, its not working between us - well for me its not working - and it hasn't been working for a long time... Yeah, that's because you ain't been doing your bit, Liz ... you ain't been doing your bit! ... Love is like a garden and in order to keep it looking beautiful you gotta work at it ... Gotta do the weedin' and you ain't been doing any weedin', Liz - and that's cos you're lazy - You're a lazy lover, Liz - And now the garden's over-run -'s a jungle, innit?
She fell lookin' at me... Good boy! (Emphatically) No, not good boy!...
... Are you proud of yourself?
OLD MAN PEANUT giggles... MEREDITH smiles... ... Y eah .
.. g orgeo us w oman ... glamorous... vivacious ... sparklin'... You're not wrong.
Beautiful face.
You would'nt want to go there for your summer 'olidays, would'ya?! ... Imagine that!
Y o u fu c k i n ' p i l c ha r d !
Proud!...'Ave a bit of pride!
Ha n d u p t he sk i rt ? . . .
Nice 'n' wet was she? Do you like that?
I love you!
Go on, what's your secret?
Ha, ha, golden shower!
The erotic world of Jacques Cousteau.
Karma Sutra?
Nice `n' easy!
That looks nice!
Right rascal!
... Nod your fuckin' head if that's right!... ... Thank you... ... Alright - I'll tell you why you're still alive ... but this is just between you and me, mind ... Thing is, I've got a dilemma!
... you just wanted the perfumed clouds of love! ... The magicalness of it all!
... All the false crap!...Well I've got news for you, s onny J im - t hat's not l ove! That' s in - erm - whatdyamacallit - fatuation ... tha t's wh at it is... that's not fuckin' love!... Y'dildo... Love's `ard work!
Love can be murder!
It's putting her first- not you ... her! ... Watching what she wants to watch on telly ... taking her the papers and a cup of tea in bed on a Sunday morning ...
Doesn't co s t no t h i n g! . . .
That's love.
It ain't easy ... Nobody ever said i t'd b e easy and they're right!
But love c an be lovely ... ( meanin gful pause)...
One day... you're shaving in the bathroom mirror - with a soapy face - and you 'll fee l h er approaching... entering... she's come in for a pair of tights drying on the radiator... on the way out she pats your bum and she'll give you a tiny smile - almost not a smile - almost invisible - but a smile nevertheless and it'll mean the fucking world to * you...
The whole incredible world...
Me?... I'm old fashioned ... I'm like swans-one partner for life!
You 'v e * spoilt my life!
a nd I g i ve .
.. I g iv e .. .
(Sweetly.
Upper body strength.
Friends in 'igh places!
... Why give her the satisfaction?! ... I wouldn't gi ve h e r th e p ic ki n gs o f f my handkerchief!
... (TO LIZ) In time ... In time lady ... All in good time ... I'm gonna enjoy watching you squeal lik e th e sow y ou a re! .. .
... Give her a look!
Shut up!... (TO LOVERBOY) Look at `er! Slowly, painfull y, LOVER BOY lif ts his h ead to l ook at LIZ...they stare into each other's eyes... (Falsely moved) Aahh! ... By the way... Do you still love her? Pink Revised 21st May 2008 68.
She smiles at him with great tenderness - COLIN, heartbroken, watches ... LIZ kneeling beside LOVERBOY... Tenderly stroking his face ... The men chatter quietly feeling for COLIN... (Sotto voce) Should he be seein' that?
(Sotto voce) You do not wanna see your wife tendin' to another man in that way! - That's 'usband only stuff!. 'S quite beautiful, really... What you on about?! 'S ugly! 'S `ideous! - it's pornogrographic!
- h is ki ndnes s... His s weet nature ... C ouldn 't do enou gh, c ould he?... Family man... Proud... His kids... Home... His wife... How he used to make her laugh... Spoil her... Dote on her... Different treats... Ah, well!... Do you know what happened to him?
He met Colin! ... Didn't you? ...
You're mincemeat, mate! - 'Mincemeat!
Tender) You were my Queen.
I love you -- `S as simple as that!
(Turns back to Liz, immediately loving again)...
I love you, Liz...
I just need you to understand -- that I love you!... (Getting desperate)... I'm a good bloke, Liz! -- A really good bloke!... (she is staring at him)... Liz, please -- you gotta give me somethin'... so me th i n' ... p le as e...
I d es er ve somethin'... Twenty one years is a long -- that's a lotta life -- to dedicate -- surely -- please... Liz... somethin'... ... Help me.
Help me.
I love you, Liz!...
`Uge!... Well it wasn't so much `is `ead -- it was `is face!...
He must've loved it.
Well a nimal s don 't di scrim inate , do they?... To the cat, he was beautiful!
But it's all red tape, innit -- depends on the different by-laws... ...And what borough you live in! (Rising) ...Well, come on then... this won't get the washing done!
What's the pillock doin'?! (Jumping down from the piano) My arse has gone to sleep!
"Free to go"! "Free to go"!!... Why don't you give `im a kiss goodnight as well, while you're at it!... Let's `ave a whip- round for the cunt!...
It's not too late to change your mind, Col!... Think about it... I'll do it for you if you like... Freebie! ...And Liz... wherever she is... what about her?...
She free?
He's a very lucky boy!... (To LOVERBOY ) You're a very lucky boy!...
You're his favourite!
....So, Kittens, what're we up to?
I'm ready for my * breakfast.
We'll be in the Old Bamboo if you fancy one... Right, we're off then... Cheerio!
It was reaching for me... grabbing at me... laughing at me... "FUCK YOU!", I said... `FUUUCCKK YOOUU!!!!!" (Direct to camera) I've got a new boyfriend...
I haven't had a steady in years... He's black, aged 21, beautiful... Works in the city... Ray!...
I love that name... Ray!... Met him in a sauna... he looked at me -- I looked at him -- He looked at me... that sort of thing.
(proud) ...They get on brilliantly!!... I'm taking them to Ikea this afternoon... (raises his eyebrows.
It's time for... TV Fun House! (he makes an Hi, everybody!
Are you ready for a singalong?
(he smiles, pleased) "And the dog goes......" "And the cat says......" "And the bird says..." "And the lion goes..." "And that's the way it goes!" (he grins) Thank you.
The comedy stylings of Andy Kaufman, Ladies and Gentlemen!
See, I don't want easy laughs.
They love me!
(beat) Beer.
Good...
I want to thank you, your Holiness.
My heart is radiating with pure energy.
But I'm proud of the progress you've made in your discipline.
It's just some new show with no budget, but I'm still excited.
Are you at peace with your family?
Goals are important.
And I'm meditating three hours a day.
It's the center of my life...
(beat; working up his nerve) Is there... is there a secret to being funny?
Welcome back to Saturday Night Live!
And now, as a special treat on our first show... musical guest ANDY What's happening to him?
We're just listening for his call..." MIGHTY MOUSE THEME (V.O.) (cont'd) "Here I come to save the day!" MIGHTY MOUSE THEME (V.O.) (cont'd) "That means that Mighty Mouse is on the way!" Andy, c'mon IN! Thanks for flyin' out here!!
HANG ON, you ain't heard the best part!
None of it sounds good.
I want to create my own material.
(enraged) Here! I'LL give you a little humor!
(in jolly spirits) It's good old-fashioned entertainment.
Everyone loves a villain.
Hey Andy, good show.
Bob and I have been buddies for years.
That's the beauty!
You make them love you... and then later, on your special, you'll screw with their heads!
Now make it roll!
And now... in her television debut, the incredible Chubby Rosalie!! (happy) It'll be great.
But it's funny!
Deal.
I'm glad.
MIMI (cont'd) The sunset is really beautiful.
I love this time of day.
And that's great.
Bob, Andy needs to RELAX.
You let me win.
And now, the new theme song! (he starts SINGING) "Oh yes, we drive a taxi, And we're havin' fun.
Trust me, it's like "Sybil" -- Andy's nowhere on the premises!
We had a deal!!
Thank you!
Thank you!
He had a nice little success with it... but forgot to thank me on the album.
What else can I be, but what I am?" TONY CLIFTON (cont'd) Let's bring it on home -- (he hits his screeching CLIMAX) You're so proud.
"Funny"?
I'm the winner!
Get back in the kitchen where you belong!!! Here's your complimentary photo with Merv.
Gosh, you scored!
It's what I'm good at!
That means it was a success.
But I'll do it again, and again, and AGAIN... (a maniacal grin) They'll catch on!
I am the Intergender Wrestling Champion of the World!!! Two, please.
Where's that sweet guy who used to do (he SINGS Mighty Mouse) "Here I come to save the day!"? (long beat) Please, enough with the wrestling!
It's not so hot... but this is a great opportunity for you.
The show's live, they'll give you carte blanche, and you can get back to the business of making people laugh.
Andy, it'll be fine!
The kids will love it -- (he BLOWS up) But I don't do drugs!
I was promised creative control!
You can meet my brother.
"Gee, restaurants are amazing, aren't they?
It's just incredible!" "If you say so." "Excuse me, I'll be right back."
I shoulda made him play outdoors.
ANDY (cont'd) Why are you laughing?
I'm not trying to be funny!
These kinds of things go on everyday at the networks, only you never see it, because they cut to commercials.
It'd be good to have the old Andy back.
We thought it was funny... Jer', it's not your fault.
Alright, buddy... (choked up) Stay good.
So HELP ME!
We don't wish your presence here.
Chocolate.
God, you're so detached!! Thank you, girl.
You're my best friend.
(excited) Yeah!
He didn't have doctor shoes!
Visualize big, healthy white cells in your body.
I'm sick, and I'm tryin' to get better... but everyone's lookin' at me funny!
Andy, you're surrounded by what you create.
(bright-eyed) The best show anybody's ever seen!
I wanna reach the TOP! (beat) Carnegie Hall...! I'm working on a great cover story: I've got a guy in the lab at Cedars.
No more Kaufman stories!
He's playing Carnegie Hall next month!
"I've got spurs That jingle-jangle jingle..." This is great.
The crowd's gonna love this! (giddy; thinking) Hey... do you still think any of those cowgirls are still alive?
It'd be cool to get one on the show.
(excited) I want the evening to build and build.
It's gonna have the most incredible ending: Singers, dancers, the "Hallelujah Chorus" -- then the sky opens, and Santa Claus comes flying down!
That's great... but this show's gonna cost a fortune.
He's a psychic surgeon in the Philippines, and he's amazing!
No... this guy's special.
Well... My show is over.
I did my best, and I just want to say, until we meet again... please remember: (he begins to SING) "In this friendly, friendly world...
With each day so full of joy.
(he resumes SINGING) "The world is such a wonderful place, To wander through, When you've got someone to love, To wander along with you.
With the sky so full of stars, And the river so full of songs, Every heart should be so thankful, Thankful for this friendly, friendly world..." It's a perfect Kaufman audience.
(stupefied) That's the freakiest thing I've ever seen!! Look! Man, we were right!
The first to touch it will be the winner.
And I only danced with her because -- because -- the person with whom I intended to dance chose to be engaged the whole night.
Were you obliged to dance five times with Captain Best, and then stroll out with him into the garden?
I don't care a fig for Captain Best; he dances prettily to be sure, and is a pleasant rattle of a man.
I can dance with you any day, and to dance with your own cousin at a ball as if you could find no other partner.
Besides, Roderick, Captain Best's a man, and you are only a boy, and you haven't a guinea in the world.
If ever I meet him again, you shall see which is the best man of the two.
But Captain Best is already known as a valiant soldier, and is famous as a man of fashion in London.
Dorothy visited me only once, but I quitted my couch still more violently in love than I had been ever before.
The horse belongs to my captain, and he's a better fellow nor you any day.
I ain't at all satisfied with these here ways of going on.
Both of us ride home with Best here.
You know the use of arms very well, Best, and no one can doubt your courage; but Michael and I will see you home for all that.
Why, you'll not be home till morning, boys.
Kilwangan's a good ten miles from here.
We'll sleep in Best's quarters.
A pretty day's work of it you have made, Master Roderick.
And this is the return you make for his kindness!
I'll follow him if it's into the church, and meet him there.
No officer, bearing His Majesty's commission, can receive a glass of wine on his nose, without resenting it -- fight you must, and Best is a huge, strong fellow.
He'll give the better mark.
In faith, I believe you are not; for a lad I never saw more game in my life.
Give me a kiss, my dear boy.
But we don't know what is in store for us, and that's a blessing.
But she would not say a word about the quarrel, for she had a noble spirit, and would as lief have seen any one of her kindred hanged as shirking from the field of honor.
Then I went down to breakfast, where my mother was waiting for me, you may be sure.
Thank God, it's fallen towards me!
Captain Best is waiting for you now.
You are no match for Best with the sword.
And very lucky for you, Roderick, my boy.
The girl will marry Best, mark my words; and as sure as she does, you'll forget her.
Dublin's a fine place, and if you have a mind to take a ride thither and see the town for a month, here are twenty guineas at your service.
Make Best an apology, and be off.
(with a laugh to Grogan) There's nothing else for it.
Don't bully, Mr. Best.
(with some emotion to Roderick) God bless you, my boy; and when I count three, fire.
I am riding to Dublin myself, and if your ladyship will allow me the honor of riding with you, I shall do my best to protect you from further mishap.
(smiling) That's very kind of you, Mr. O'Higgins.
I hope you will do me the honor of accepting lodgings in my own house, where Captain O'Reilly will welcome with delight, my gallant young preserver.
Mr. O'Higgins, I cannot say how grateful I am for your timely assistance to my wife.
My love, I wish I had known of your coming, for Bob Moriaty and I just finished the most delicious venison pasty, which His Grace the Lord Lieutenant, sent us, with a flash of sillery from his own cellar.
But as bygones are bygones, and no help for them, what say ye to a fine lobster and a bottle of as good claret as any in Ireland?
Not to be behind hand with him, I spoke of my own estates and property as if I was as rich as a duke.
Young Fred Pimpleton slept in it for seven months, during which he did me the honor to stay with me, and if he was satisfied, I don't know who else wouldn't be.
After breakfast, we drove out to Phoenix Park, where numbers of the young gentry were known to Mrs. O'Reilly, to all of whom she presented me in such a complimentary way that, before half an hour, I had got to be considered as a gentleman of great expectations and large property.
Their friends were always welcome on payment of a certain moderate sum for their dinner after which, you may be sure, that cards were not wanting, and that the company who played did not play for love merely.
Go home, pack your valise, pay the little trifle you owe me, mount your mare, and ride back again to your parents -- it's the very best thing you can do.
Into a pretty nest of villains, indeed, was I plunged!
Sirrah, I am as good a gentleman as any in Ireland!
There was a score of recruiting parties in the town beating up for men to join our gallant armies in America and Germany.
Indeed, I could not have chosen my time better.
This victory over the cock of the vile dunghill obtained me respect among the wretches among whom I formed part.
Six weeks after we arrived in Cuxhaven, we were reinforced by Gales regiment of foot from England, and I promise you the sight of Grogan's face was most welcome to me, for it assured me that a friend was near me.
This may be a very good inn for Germany, but it would not pass in old Ireland.
Do you want to see the loveliest woman in Europe?
(when she leaves) Where's the beauty you promised me? (laughing and looking hard at Roderick) It was my joke.
I reasoned with myself thus: "Now you are caught, there is no use in repining -- make the best of your situation, and get all the pleasure you can out of it.
There are a thousand opportunities of plunder, offered to the soldier in war time, out of which he can get both pleasure and profit; make use of these, and be happy."
I had formed myself to the condition of the proper fighting beast; on a day of action, I was savage and happy.
Thank you, sir.
You'll never succeed to my place, my dear nephew, if you are no wiser than you are just now.
The scoundrel does not want for good qualities.
Good morning, Private James.
There is lately come to Berlin a gentleman in the service of the Empress Queen, who calls himself the Chevalier de Belle Fast, and wears the red riband and star of the pope's order of the Spur.
He is made for good society, polished, obliging, a libertine, without prejudices, fond of women, of good food, of high play, prudent and discreet.
He speaks Italian and French indifferently; but we have some reason to fancy this Monsieur de Belle Fast is a native of your country of Ireland, and that he has come here as a spy.
He gambles a great deal, and wins.
You say he drives after breakfast and before dinner.
(standing by the carriage) I will let down the steps for your honor.
Good gracious!
As you please.
Gentlemen, I wish you a good day.
At the Hotel des trois Couronnes, Dresden, Saxe.
My dear Roderick -- This comes to you by a sure hand, no other than Mr. Lumpit, of the English mission, who is acquainted, as all Berlin will be directly, with our wonderful story.
Straightaway he makes for the red box where I keep my love letters, my glass eye which I used to wear, my two sets of Paris teeth, and my other private matters that you know of.
Lazlo is off in your honor's dress.
He spent fabulous sums on the ballets and operas.
All the ballerinas were pretty, and they all boasted that they had all at least once made their amorous sovereign happy.
There was not a party of the nobility to which the two Irish gentlemen were not invited, and admired, nor where we did not make the brave, the high-born and the beautiful talk to us.
I had a gentleman to wait upon me, a French friseur to dress my hair of a morning.
Nor need I mention my successes among the fairer portion of the creation.
I was by this time one of the best- known characters in Europe; and the fame of my exploits, my duels, my courage at play, would bring crowds round me in any public society where I appeared.
The passion for play is stronger than the passion for gallantry; the gamester at Spa has neither time to stop to consider the merits of a woman, nor the courage to make sacrifices for her.
A Countess and a Viscountess in her own right.
I made Sir William Cosgrove's acquaintance as usual at the play- table.
Hang it, Mr. Roderick James, you have no more manners than a barber, and I think my black footman has been better educated than you; but you are a young fellow of originality and pluck, and I like you, sir.
I am obliged to observe, Sir William Cosgrove, that since you are bound for the next world much sooner than I am, I will depend on you to get comfortable quarters arranged for me.
Marriage has added forty years to my life.
When I took off Lady Cosgrove, there was no man of my years who looked so young as myself.
(laughing) The milkmaid's daughter?
What friend have I? None in the wide world.
She is a fool, but she has got the better of one of the best heads in Christendom.
His widow would be a rich prize.
Charming lady, tell me the truth and earn my gratitude.
Have you a lover?
How can I believe that there is not a man who has inspired desires in you?
Your word "empty" makes me laugh.
But if, when I love, I am unhappy, I will know that my empty heart was my good fortune.
That is true, but it seems to me impossible that you should be unhappy in love.
By loving you, with no hope of possessing you.
The amusing thing is that you deceive me without knowing, if it is true that you love me.
But you deceive me nonetheless if I believe you, for it will not be in your power to love me when you love me no longer.
Be so good as to tell me with whom you think you are?
You will do as you please.
Love is a child to be pacified with trifles.
Love wants a more substantial fare, and if it is stubbornly withheld, it withers away.
Our abstinence makes our love immortal.
And, in these fits of love, she was the most easy creature in the world to be persuaded, and would have signed away her whole property, had it been possible.
Do what one would to please her, my lady would never be happy or in good humor.
Humble people envy us great men, and fancy that our lives are all pleasure.
My own dear boy, Patrick, was now five years old, and was the most polite and engaging child ever seen; it was a pleasure to treat him with kindness and distinction; the little fellow was the pink of fashion, beauty, and good breeding.
As it is best to nip vice in the bud, and for a master of a family to exercise his authority in such a manner as that there may be no question about it, I took every opportunity of coming to close quarters with Master Brookside.
Ah, Roderick, it's a blessing to see that my darling boy has attained a position I always knew was his due, and for which I pinched myself to educate him.
Little Patrick is a darling boy, and you live in great splendor, but how long will it last?
I shall tell you a secret -- I shall not rest until I see you Earl of Duganstown, and my grandson, a Lord Viscount.
These things entail considerable expense, and you will need your lady's blessing, but the young boy forms the great bond of union between you and her ladyship, and there is no plan of ambition you could propose in which she would not join for the poor lad's benefit, and no expense she will not eagerly incur, if it might be any means be shown to tend to his advancement.
You have important friends, and they can tell you how these things are done.
My friends are the best people.
Crabs was really one of the most entertaining fellows in the world, and I took a sincere pleasure in his company, besides the interest and desire I had in cultivating the society of the most important personages of the realm.
You fancy, sir, you know a great deal more than me, because you quote your "Aristotle" and "Plato," but can you tell me which horse will win at Epsom Downs next week?
(pleased) Do you know ever a rhyme for Aristotle?
The life I was leading was that of a happy man, but I was not happy.
By now, young Brookside was of so wild, savage, and insubordinate a nature that I never had the least regard for him.
Good night, my little darling.
Thank you!
(unconvincingly) I promise, mama.
The rest did not last long, God help me!
Brooksy was better than you, papa, he used not to swear so, and he taught me many good things while you were away.
I beg you not to quarrel so, but to love each other, so that we might meet again in heaven where Brooksy told me quarrelsome people never go.
There he lay, the hope of my family, the pride of my manhood, the link which kept me and my Lady Cosgrove together.
She never went to bed until all the house was quiet and all the candles out; you may fancy that this was a matter of some difficulty with a man of my habits who had commonly a dozen of jovial fellows to drink with me every night, and who seldom, for my part, went to bed sober.
Many and many a night, when I was unconscious of her attention, has that good soul pulled my boots off, and seen me laid by my servants snug in bed, and carried off the candle herself... ... and been the first in the morning, too, to bring me my drink of small beer.
(reading letter aloud) "This day, three years ago, my last hope and pleasure in life was taken from me, and my dear child was called to Heaven.
If I had paid twenty spies to watch her lady, I should not have been half so well served as by the disinterested care and watchfulness of my excellent mother.
Was I ever so wretched that a kind word from you did not make me happy?
No, I loved you too much and too fondly; I have always loved you.
I am ready to make any, so you will but love me, or, if not, that at least, you will gently us me.
I was in a particularly good humor that day, and we had a sort of reconciliation.
I have good news for you, Mr. Cosgrove.
You pump it out and re-seam the hull, she'll be good as new.
What a laugh.
This "guy" is my man, honey.
Morning everybody.
Red sky at night, sailor's delight.
(finally) Maureen.
(a beat) If we do this right, it's worth a lot of money.
It's a full 2500 horses down.
I'm buyin' me a nice outrigger.
Spend my time hauling rich Seattle business men through the Puget.
It's a beautiful country.
That's a good thing?
Yeah, but not as cold as those Swedish girls you only gonna dream about.
Hey! Take it easy, you'll live longer.
I didn't get a good look.
(to Greer) Don't be late, I need my beauty rest.
Bodies're too fresh.
Fresh ain't the first word that comes to mind.
Who is this!! Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
You better get down here quick, skipper.
It was a man's voice.
You better get down here right now! We're taking water!
We're not gonna be able to pump it!
(a beat) There were others.
But, for my money, I think it's best you keep it to yourself.(no
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy -- .
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
Penny whistle toy.
Well thank you! Daddy, how much longer before we start moving again?
My pleasure .. Who's Popeye?
Whatta you staring at?
I think I've found a hand.
It's good to be with you, Ross.
Glad you finally made it, Bro ...
Better in the summer.
O.K. Now you know as much as we do Grateful for your candor, Sir.
I'm gonna cook him a dinner.
Watch my lips .. Don't get into it .. It wasn't our case, wasn't our coun- ty, and got nothing to do with that.
That's an interesting method?
Nicely made lady.
Hair on her hand.
I had a great sent- imental attachment to that.
Me .. I love dogs .. Ask him?
How come the F.B.I. don't put anya this together?
He's not gonna here it from me but I know he'd listen to you.
I'm going in to see Citrine this afternoon.
No. Have you got a print from the hand?
This is the important one.
That's the important one.
He's happy, darlin .. I'm sure he is.
He's not that bad of a guy ..? Got a handshake like a partially excited penis.
You just go easy, Brother ... (Looks at fish) Alright, we're all goin home.
She runs a kind of hair dress- ing and you know, beauty salon .. Have you known her long?
I was married to her sister ..
C'mon, relax, drink your beer .. Alright .. Let's have some wine ..
Merry Christmas.
They think you're making a case coz you found yourself a nice piece of ass.
But don't come in here get- ting holy over us.
Well, her, it ain't.
Girl like you should be drinking chill white wine.
No, wait a minute, honey.
And don't let go of her hand until you do .. I'll just go see if he's in the kitchen .. you stay right here .. Hey, Popeye!
I'm about to ask this lady for a dance?
Happy Christmas, Max ... I normally get socks ...
Listen, you don't havta come?
Hey .. Watch my lips.
I'll start at the top, and work down.
How good of a "witness" is she?
It was Christmas Eve.
Which hand was the flashlight in?
Your Daddy would have wanted you to be strong .. We gotta be strong for Daddy, darling .. I don't want her in this house .. I want my Dad.
Please.
You ain't talking to no one, till you calm down.
Her new term starts tomorrow.
- That's my deal?
I'm fine, thank you.
Jack Wells.
(to Jack) I'm ready when you are.
Please.
(brightly) Oh yes.
It really is beautiful, isn't it?
He's a rich kook mythology professor.
He also treks the world to swim with crocodiles.
They have saltwater glands, they can swim across oceans, it's only a matter of time.
(realizing) Oh that's funny.
You're a beautiful woman.
Thank you.
We are here on official business.
Good.
Good.
(strict) I asked you to be nice to him.
He may be a kook but he's also been all over the world with them.
Was he a good man?
I'm saying between the moonlight, a beautiful lake and a monster that bites heads off... you look good.
Forgive me for trying to be nice.
Nice would be "you look pretty," nice is not some man- eating monster has tricked my brain into making you look good.
Promise you won't kill me, first.
(calm) Thank you.
You're having the best time of your life, aren't you?
Thanks for the... bandaid.
From the jaws of defeat... Ha ha.
That sounds good but underneath it's hurtful.
Please.
Forget about him being God, he's thirty feet long, he is a miracle of nature, who somehow made his way to Maine.
This is a grand beast.
A grand dragon.
(to the others) Let's get ready.
That was... y'know if the guy asks me can she kiss, now I'll be able to tell him if you can.
Cute little Buttons.
Mommy loves you.
She's a rare one.
I wasn't crazy about the game, but, I don't know, it made her happy, and I found the setting peaceful.
Yes, it's a nice rug.
But for my money it's just not good grooming--and grooming, my friend, is probably the most important thing in business--after personality, of course... ...Creighton Tolliver, pleased to know ya.
Thank you, mother!
Well, me and a partner.
...It was clean.
...Love ya, honey.
God bless her.
I better get back to the party.
I'm not big on music, ordinarily.
Yeah, good, how are ya, come in... ...You bring a check?
Yeah, good.
I must say, I've been an entrepreneur for thirteen years and I've never-- All right.
The next day was Saturday.
That was when she started drinking.
I'd met Doris blind on a double-date with a loudmouthed buddy of mine who was seeing a friend of hers from work.
Did ya pump it?
Ya gotta pump it.
Well, ya can't hold it down.
Well, embezzlement.
Thanks.
Thanks for seeing me, at home.
I brought your make-up.
This is what family is for, Ed!
This is when ya come together!
This is when ya come together!
A *rock*, the barbershop.
A strip steak medium rare, flapjacks, potatoes, tomato juice, and plenty of hot coffee.
Then bring me a fruit cocktail while I wait.
Ya mind?
So while I'm in town I'll be staying at the Hotel Metropole, the Turandot Suite.
Good!
That helps.
This stuff, if I've had a square meal, I've had my steak and potatoes, I can just have another cup of coffee afterward, I won't ask for the desert if it's not there... Sooner or later everyone needs a haircut... Got the recipe from a magazine, woman's magazine...
We plead not guilty, your honor.
I say, Honey, if you're gonna make a cobbler, make a little bit of cobbler, don't put a whole pan in front of me and tell me it's not gonna be any good when it's cold... ...Meanwhile, Freddy Riedenschneider slept at the Metropole... ...and shoveled it in at DaVinci's.
Anyway, he's got this theory, you wanna test something, you know, scientifically--how the planets go round the sun, what sunspots are made of, why the water comes out of the tap--well, you gotta look at it.
1933: meets Ann Nirdlinger, married later that year, moves here.
Look, chum, this is a guy, from what I understand, told everybody he was a war hero, right?
First trimester.
But it was funny: now I wanted to talk--now, with everyone gone.
...so you needed a guide who they didn't mind talking to, someone with a gift for talking to souls... ...Well, first she told me that my wife was in a peaceful place, that our souls were still connected by some spiritual bond, that she had never stopped loving me even though she'd done some things she wasn't proud of... ...She was reading me like a book.
Thanks.
There's this guy in San Francisco, I've made inquiries, everybody says he's the best.
You're an enthusiast.
But I do appreciate it, Mr Crane... ...I wanted to make you happy.
Not guilty, your honor...
Move for a mistrial, your honor!
I'm looking at the blueprints of K.L. right now.
He says why don't his farts smell sweet?
Listen, this is FedEx.
Great.
Well, more than a little.
I'll be back before Christmas.
I promise.
Great job, everyone.
Hey, be nice to it, it'll be nice to you.
Got to follow the paper path here.
Our skin is so hot, it's glowing...
Good.
Chuck, thanks for joining us.
We identified inefficiencies and worked out a quality improvement plan I believe can be met.
We're building a new team here.
Success is the best teacher.
I don't call missing the plane a success.
Merry Christmas eve.
You don't seem too happy about it.
Merry Christmas.
He's your cute thing.
And for you -- So do good things come in large packages?
Look, I love the puppy.
I love you.
That new roof, that's your doing.
You can't make a living out of this place.
Come on down to the plant.
Doing great, Mom, don't worry about me.
No, it was great.
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you enjoy the play?
Got to see.
Thank you.
If I ever forgot to thank you God, and I am sure I did, thank you now.
Beautiful.
So beautiful.
It's a star.
Dip? No? Another fucking day in paradise.
I love you.
Moon's too bright.
You're beautiful.
Please.
They're laughing at you.
I'm an angel.
Why me, God? Listen to this, Wilson.
The ocean would feel so good, the water's so soft and warm.
The sea is lovely, dark and deep.
Please.
Thank you God.
Thank you for fucking up my life.
I am writing this to remind myself to live a better life.
Live each day.
Love your children.
Thank you.
My favorite doctor.
Under the circumstances your overall health is good.
What's so funny.
You are aware of the potential disruptiveness on your loved ones when you return to your old life?
I'm alive.
I'm so glad to be back, I can't tell you.
Well, when that IV runs out, you're through with us.
Cool ropes.
Share life, that's what came to me out there.
Great.
I love you, Chuck.
I'm so glad you're alive.
It was so great to be saved, I couldn't stop laughing.
For years my only drinking buddy was a soccer ball.
Thanks.
And here's more from Dingo Dodd, our Australian correspondent, on the extraordinary story of Chuck Noland, the modern Robinson Crusoe.
Surrounded by reefs!
Why don't you let me get you a place in town?
FedEx Special Projects.
Promise me.
Through the ministry of the church may he give you pardon and peace, and I absolve you from your sins in the name of the father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit.
Amen.
Thank you.
You're... a good man.
Stay on the path.
Stay on the path.
Thanks.
Show me your hand.
I can pay.
And I want you all to remember above all that it is not the water with which we have been blessed that is the true lifeblood of this town... but faith.
So help me God.
More books came in from the road today.
This world is what you can see and touch and taste.
That's the good stuff.
That's the best I got.
Fine specimen.
You raised your hand at him.
Thank you.
I've met walkers before.
Good.
So what's your business here, friend?
Have a good night.
You had a baby?
He built this whole town.
He's been so good to both of us.
And now it's easy.
Thank you.
I enjoyed our conversation.
We've each been given a talent to help us make our way in this world.
Some people's gift is more evident than others.
I built this world, and I am God here!
It's about love, and forgiveness, and life and death, and mercy, and revenge, and the beginning and the end of the world.
She's our friend.
That I'm your friend.
Our father, we thank you for this meal which you have been so gracious to place before us.
And we thank you for the gift of friendship in these hard times.
Amen.
Amen.
Good morning, Solara.
I said good morning, Solara.
Morning, dad.
Now you're free.
(off her stare) No need to thank me.
Thank you?
That's what being free is.
You don't want this life.
Thank you, darling.
You're too young, you don't remember the world before.
They used to be able to beam these guys right into your house, into every house in the world, through the air.
Those guys on the TV, they were richer than you could ever dream, and it was all built the same way.
With promises.
The water in this town may run dry, but faith - that springs eternal!
It will help me build a new world.
My path has been laid out before me.
By Almighty God.
I'm gonna make it easy on y'all.
The girl and the book.
They- Holy shi... Get down!
Trust me.
We're going to get out of this alive.
No book is worth giving up your life for.
You did good, sweetheart.
Your daddy would be proud.
I gave them the book!
They're clean.
Welcome, both of you.
Wonderful.
My goodness.
I can't tell you how exciting this is.
Well, come, come!
Well, it's good to know we're getting such high- profile referrals these days.
I must say, I am so excited that we finally have a King James.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Thank you for guiding me straight and true, through the many obstacles in my path.
Thank you for the good that I have done.
For whatever light you were able to shine into the darkness of this world through me.
Thanks.
Thank you for the friend I made.
Is it midnight New Year's Eve?
It's a beauty, two thumbs up.
Nice feminine touch.
It was her first time, Lenny.
My name's DeWayne, and I got a New Year's resolution for the po-lice.
See for the Man, no new is good new, what I'm sayin.
But we going to take it, make it new, make it our own.
Well, what would be a good time?
Let me get this straight... you gonna pay me 200 bucks to put on a hair net and bang some beautiful babe.
Easy, Eduardo, easy.
I love your eyes, Lenny.
(she touches our eyelids) I love the way they see.
Two million years of human evolution and that's the best idea you can come up with?
Do a good deed.
But the new day is coming!
History ends and begins again right here!
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
All we know for sure is that we have lost a great artist, that a great voice for change is now silent... Thanks for giving me a ride.
The energy in the air?
It'll be fun-- Excuse me.
Will that help?
She still loves me.
Trust me on this.
Make a couple bucks for the holidays?
Show a little respect, Nero.
The man was an important artist.
Yeah, important for your label.
Tick, listen, I can't stop right now.
(handing Tex a Squid) Present.
Hi, baby.
She's seeing what he's seeing.
(like a mantra) On my God.
My God, Lenny.
You used to be good at this stuff.
And gives it to you.
The Magic Man.
How do you like it now?
It's good.
Just stay close to Faith.
This tie doesn't go with blue! ... the New Years Eve mega-bash of the century.
Easy, there, Mom.
Easy.
"A Love Supreme."
Hey, come on, I been baby-sitting a full 24 hours, I have to get ready for the party tonight... Cecile.
I make more in a day than you make in a year, and my lawyers love to spend my money dragging sorry-ass Aryan robocops like you into court.
I don't hear you laughing!
(tucking Glock in his waistband) I've got a good idea, yeah.
Happy new year, Lenny.
Everything's cool.
(to Faith) Have a glass of champagne... or six... I'll be up in a while to help you ring in the New Year.
Owww!! Take it easy.
So buddy...
That sounds right.
This is your life, Lenny!
It's time to trade them in.
They're designed that way for a reason.
Have you ever been in love with somebody who didn't return that love?
It didn't stop you from loving them.
I helped her.
And who was, regrettably, also your best fucking friend.
Hey, cheer up.
You must be so pleased, I followed your jellybean trail right here, like a good little chump.
But Faith knows me from you, right, so she comes up to me and says, 'Hey Max why you following me?'
And she says... 'So, do you enjoy watching me?'
(she walks slowly toward them) So I said, 'Do you enjoy watching me?'
I acquired the taste from Lenny.' (to Lenny) And then she said, 'Since we're going to be spending so much time together--' 'We might as well make the best of it.'
(grinning) Hey, Lenny.
Priority signal from Epsilon Nine -- Put it on the viewer here...! (from the viewer; checking console readings) Enterprise... the Cloud is definitely a powerfield of some kind... Measures... My God!
Over 82 A.U.'s in diameter... Must be something incredible inside there generating it.
(formally; rising) Welcome aboard, Lieutenant.
(pleased) Oh? I'll see that he beams up...! Mr. Sulu, take Lieutenant Ilia in hand.
Engineers love to change things.
Helm ready, sir.
Computing new interception course.
Thank you, sir.
Chapel Mr. Spock...!!! McCOY So help me, I'm actually pleased to see you.
Mister Spock, welcome aboard !
McCOY Never look a gift Vulcan in the ears, Jim.
It's given your planet ten thousand years of peace, but no poetry's been written since then, no music.
Thank you.
The new screens held...! Engineering to bridge; we cannot hold full power on forcefields; deflector power is down seventy percent !
SEE still more intricate details of the incredible Alien design.
Where is Lt. Ilia?
(to "Ilia") Interesting.
game area (elec- switches it on -- presses button to activate its Ilia 'enjoyed' this game... she nearly always won -- McCOY (approving) Good!
Ready, Captain.
A living thing...! Thank you, Scotty... (dourly) Your welcome, sir.
And because we are alive, we -- like you -- wish to survive.
(cool, calm) Not until V'ger withdraws the devices orbiting the third planet.
(slight smile) But it's the only game in town.
Will we? (with grim satisfaction) When that much matter and anti- matter are brought together?
To fulfill itself it must evolve to a higher dimension; V'ger believes this can be achieved only by joining with the Creator.
(into intercom) Thank you, Scotty.
Capture God!
McCOY Spock... you're quoting poetry?
Darling... darling, can you hear me?
Today it is family.
And Roman, more glasses for red! (he claps his hands) Come on!
My angels.
God, that's amazing.
But I think they will be closed until New Year.
Her diary?
Merry Christmas.
(in Russian) Nice bike.
Nice bike.
Thank you.
Respect?
This is respect.
Next Christmas isn't for another hundreds and hundreds of days.
But you have had so many presents.
So you're a midwife.
He unfolds it to read, then smiles to himself.
You make him happy...
But his eyes looked impressed.
I've brought you to my dad's best stable.
(in Ukrainian) Stay alive a little longer.
Please!
The diary.
For Christine's family.
Then it's settled.No!! (repeating as a mantra) Stepan, this isn't our world.
Hey, come on, Nikolai, I've got a Christmas present for you.
Old is good with wine.
Import-export sounds good.
It was a matter of honor.
(with a smile) That's OK.
Not much of a place for a kid to grow up in.
Well, he's a brave old man.
You enjoy this.
Ordinary life isn't enough.
Nikolai, come on... Family is important to you people isn't it?
(laughing) 'You people'?
Tell Semyon the baby I delivered on Christmas Eve is his daughter.
She was a child!
We've got to celebrate.
Where the stars will go.
I have lived off Albanians and Georgians.
Semyon recommends these places for business meetings because you can see what tattoos a man has.
In a five-star hotel.
She's staying here for good.
He said you were risking your own life to keep him alive.
* Thank you.
(swigging) What baby?
The midwife.
Quiet baby.
You brought your bike?
The same dockside where Nikolai dumped Soyka and recommended this as the best place to dispose of a body.
Anna and Nikolai leap aboard the bike and it starts first time.
A summer's day.
Anna, Helen and Uncle Stepan are preparing to eat Sunday lunch.
She hands her to Helen who hugs her.
Over this happy scene we hear Tatiana in V.O., a repeat of the first words we heard her say.
Nikolai finishes his drink.
Thanks, baby.
Austin, I love you!
Thank you.
Thank you.
(to Mrs. Kensington) Let's go, baby!
Hey, Mick! Are you more satisfied now sexually, Austin?
(thinking) "You can't always get what you want!" That's a great title for a song!
I'm Good on ya, man.
Austin Powers, Britain owes you a debt of gratitude.
(laughing) Nice buttocks.
Good on ya! (to Gilmour) Nice tie.
My mother's doing quite well, thank you very much.
Thank you, Exposition.
Thanks.
One gold medallion with peace symbol.
One vinyl recording album: Tom Jones, Live at Las Vegas.
One Swedish-made penis enlarger pump.
I'm telling you, baby, that's not mine.
(reading) One book: Swedish-Made Penis Enlarger Pumps and Me: This Sort of Thing Is My Bag, Baby, by Austin Powers.
Listen, Mr. Powers, I look forward to working with you, but do me a favor and stop calling me baby.
(excited) My jumbo jet?
I wanted to travel -- see the world.
I thought I was off on an exciting career, but my job was to read everything printed in every country.
My whole day is spent reading wedding announcements in Farsi.
If I do well with this case, I finally get promoted to field operative... That's fascinating, Vanessa.
My wedding tackle.
Have you ever made love to a Chigro?
(writing on his hand) It's 777-FILM.
(angry) What? (through suppressed laughter) It's a television commercial with this little cartoon Leprechaun who is a benevolent imp who is very concerned that these children will steal his lucky charms which are foodstuffs fashioned into various shapes&emdash; hearts, moons, clovers, what have you... (pause) It's a long story.
Finally, I come to my number two man.
We also own the Franklin mint, which makes decorative hand-painted theme plates for collectors.
The Royal Family of Britain are the wealthiest landowners in the world.
Oh, and finally, this.
Well, there have been fabulous advances in the field of dentistry.
I'd like to remind you, Mr. Powers, that the only reason we're sharing a room is to support our cover story that we're a married couple on vacation.
How do you like to do it?
And welcome to 777-FILM!
I love Las Vegas, man.
The book says not to, sir.
I was married to your father.
He's handsome, witty, has a knowledge of fine wines, sophisticated, a world-renowned photographer.
He's a lover of love&emdash; every bit an International Man of Mystery.
Good morning, luv, who are you on the phone with?
(to her mother) Look, I'd better go.
I love you.
I love you, Vanessa.
Good morning, Vanessa!
He's too well-protected right now.
We'll just give Basil a tinkle on the telling bone... My God, Vanessa, you are so incredibly beautiful.
Stay right where you are.
The camera loves you, Vanessa.
Go, Vanessa, go! Alright, luv! Love it!
(pause) Yes! Yes! Yes! Show me love.
Great!
Great!
(beat) Love it!
Watch out, you're on my hair!
Move your hand to the left.
Gorgeous.
Help!
Oh, yes you are.
(genuinely moved) Thank you, that's beautiful.
To your health.
To my health.
Kiss me.
Let's make love, you silly, hairy little man.
Let Phase Two begin!
ONE-HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS!
Fine, have it your way.
Gentlemen, you have five days to come up with one You can't destroy the world with a single warhead.
(to evil associates) Gentlemen, in exactly five days from now, we will be one-hundred billion dollars richer. (laughing) Ha-ha-ha-ha.
(laughing with him) Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Thank you, Exposition.
It's one thing to have a warhead, it's quite another thing to have the missiles to launch it.
(hands him the photos) I've uncovered the details on Project Vulcan.
Good God, and underground missile.
She's in from Tunbridge Wells My God, Austin, what have you done?
I don't wanna take over the family business.
No, the boy's right.
The details of my life are quite inconsequential.
Listen love, we can't keep having this fight.
Welcome to Virtucon, the company of the future.
We make steel, volatile chemicals, petroleum-based products, and we also own the Franklin mint, which makes decorative hand- painted theme plates for collectors.
That's amazing.
There's a good tittie movie on Skinemax.
And that's how you want to live your life, is it?
Give it to me.
That's not the way to get ahead in life.
I think it's a testament to our friend John that so many of his buddies showed up in his honor.
There's a lot of love in this room.
Good afternoon, Mr. Powers, I'm the Destructacon 5000.
What is love?
Love is...love is...love is... Remjack!
However, isn't it ironic, Mr. Powers, that the very things you stand for&emdash; swinging, free love, parties, distrust of authority- are all now, in the Nineties, considered to No, man, what we swingers were rebelling against were uptight squares like you, whose bag was money and world domination.
Man, you are one chilly square!
I love you, Austin.
That's fab, because I love you, too, Vanessa.
Kiss me.
Thank you, Exposition.
Congratulations, Field Agent Kensington! Austin, I have something for you as well.
Thanks, Basil.
Austin, now, about your next mission&emdash; Still kissing Vanessa, Austin motions with his thumbs to the pilot of the helicopter to lift Basil up.
Congrat-- It's not mine, she married a pediatrician in Sausalito.
You can't still be mad about the hash brownies... Happy birthday, bro.
They entertain you.
They make your life fun.
Fun.
That's important to you, isn't it?
I did, it was a blast, best thing that ever happened to me.
ELIZABETH (on speaker) Mm-hmm, couple days a week... Great, that's great.
Well, give my regards to Dr. Mel and the baby-- ELIZABETH (on speaker) She has a little brother on the way... we just did the ultrasound.
Congratulations-- two kids, an official nuclear family, you must be very happy.
Very happy.
Happy?
Send David my love.
And if you qualify, you're in for the ride of your life.
I checked out CRS by the way-- Hey, great, you gonna go for it?
Kudos.
Wonderful.
CYBERSHAW (on TV) Welcome to the Game!
Congratulations on your decision to let Consumer Recreation Services entertain you.
CYBERSHAW (on TV) This might be a good time to lay out a few ground rules, help you enjoy your adventure.
You've received the first key.
Pay attention-- you never know where you'll find 'em, you never know when you'll need 'em, so keep 'em with you at all times... CYBERSHAW (on TV) You might want to write this number down, it's the CRS hotline, operators are standing by to assist... but please don't call to ask what the object of the game is-- figuring that out is the object of the game... BERNARD SHAW (on TV) --reaction on wall Street was muted following the Fed's announcement of... OPERATOR VOICE (filter) You've reached CRS... Yeah, this is pretty impressive but listen-- OPERATOR VOICE (filter) Our office is closed.
(hand over the phone) No thank you.
Jah Love mon, dat's the key, dat's the key... Alan!
Let's get this over with... Where's the next key?
Stay on the path!
Ha! Fine, stay.
Nice to meet you.
So um... how rich are you anyway?
(amused) Rich enough.
C'mon it's a brand new sweatshirt.
Good night.
They planted those keys!
For being a weirdo, for trying to be happy?
Well, congratulations, you win.
Who hired you.
CRS-MAN (on TV) Simple, we duped your keys the day you came in for your physical, wired the whole house while you were at work.
Take it easy, my hot-headed friend!
Sky? Hi, Sky.
Well, I'm gonna get back to that carburetor... nice meeting you.
Honey, they already got it.
C'mon chill, what'd they take you for, a couple hundred G's? Chump change for a guy like you, chalk it up to experience.
What's so funny?
Oh, God... PLYMPTON (filter) Listen to me, Sky!
Please!! Hello.
You're all right, it's OK, just relax... RADIO VOICE (filter) Are you there?
It was supposed to be fun... Fun... Hey, bro, how you doin'?
Good one, buddy, really had you going, didn't we? Wait'll you try level two... (a wink) Joke.
Awesome game-- best I've seen.
Nice to meet you, Susan... Can I have a puff?
We got a call from your brother, said there was a surprise party... Kind of late for your birthday, isn't it?
You OK? Yeah-- I'm good, really.
Happy to be alive... Listen, it's great to see all of you, thanks for coming-- but there's something I have to do.
Don't bother opening it now... (opening it) I thought it was a gift.
Well, no, the card was the gift, the rest was up to you.
(turning to go) Great, thanks for the tip.
I'm in love with Libbets Casey.
Yeah, well, you've been in love with like every other girl here, I was wondering when you'd get around to Libbets.
I'm fine dad.
Well good.
You'll be on the 3:50 Wednesday afternoon.
Charles, calm down -- I wasn't in on it.
I love you.
A key party?
Thank you Janey.
Please.
Good night.
Good night.
Brilliant.
Up the organization!
Look kid, you married that woman against my adviceWhat advice?
I haven't been on a bike for years.
See ya.
We're having an affair.
Good night.
Is that a new aftershave?
Good night.
Why are you so good at math but not in English?
And it's perfect space, but only in your head, because you can't draw a perfect square, like in the material world, but in your mind, you can have perfect space.
Yep, I was in Houston, working on some great new ideas about silicon, which comes from sand, very conductive.
Good trip?
Ministering to help people reach their fullest potential.
(smiling) Now you are being rude.
I have a new nurse.
(tripping off of his bike) Business?
Good.
Well it's good to see you -- we miss you around the house and all, but this St.
Well, the whole gamut.
Thanks.
You used to love to say grace, remember.
I think, at fourteen years of age, that you're getting ready to give up your girlhood -- Hey, hang on there, Mr. Hood -- Don't you direct a single word at me, Mikey.
I'm not interested in your smart ass remarks now, lady.
I'm just not sure he's good enough, that's all.
The mustache coffee cup.
Paul -- Ah let the guy have his fun.
Well, what kind of faithfulness are you after?
Thank you.
Well, it's the funniest thing.
Miraculous.
Look here, Benj, whaddya make of this sequel to The Godfather?
Yeah, good.
Yeah, see you bright and early Monday am.
(waving it away) Thanks for the advice Dave.
Excellent.
Awesome sleet and rain.
That you give off.
It's special.
I'm glad.
(consciousness fading fast) Hah hah you're funny.
OK everyone.
What are you doing at home on a Friday night?
(relieved) Oh, I think not.
You couldn't have hoped for much better when you came up the walk.
Stay warm.
She's unstable, I guess... it's not the right time to tell you... but that's it -- it's like I can't make her happy, the boys can't make her happy, she just doesn't -- Jim, maybe we should just go.
Jesus, let me make it up to you -- I can do better than that, honestly -- Well, we can talk about it.
Huh? That's the name for when you wake up and find this little pool of sticky stuff, like after a sexy dream.
I love you.
You want to come in, get a cup of coffee -- warm up?
Where's dad? Good morning ladies and gentlemen -- I don't like coffee.
It'll warm you up.
Thank you.
Because I'm a good observer.
I love this air.
This is wonderful air.
What's wonderful about the air, James?
It's so clean.
This is April, right?
Fancy hotel.
You're gonna love it.
What chew gotta do, Jimbo, is take it easy, relax into things.
We all gonna get along fine if you just relax.
It makes them feel good, we're all pals.
What'd they give you?
I can help you.
These video tapes were obtained by animal rights activists who worked underground as laboratory assistants for several months.
But it's more of a long term thing -- right now we have to focus on more immediate goals.
Live the moment.
Sunshine.
Gorgeous beaches.
The Florida Keys!
TV AWNOUNCER (v.o.) We'll return to the Marx Brothers in "Monkey Business" following these messages.
JEFFREY'S VOICE (o.s.) Monkey Business!
Monk Key Business.
The keys are lovely this tine of year.
In 1841, Mackay wrote, "During seasons of great pestilence, men have often believed the prophecies of crazed fanatics, that the end of the world was come."
You were great.
(smiles, checks her watch) I'll be there in twenty minutes.
No -- he said his father was "God"!
I love seeing the sun.
I can help you.
Okay? (brightening) It would be great if I'm crazy.
I love this world!
Given the nature of our work, we can't ever be careful enough.
To find out where the virus is so a qualified scientist can travel back into the past and study the original virus.
RASPY VOICE (o.s) Secret experiments!
He said you were from the future...watching him.
So then he goes into this incredible riff about how his shrink, like, replicated his brain while he was in the nut house.
So why should we be like him?
Thank God!
I love you, Kathryn.
What's so special about you?
Thanks for your cooperation.
Have a good flight.
I'll see ya at the meeting.
Too young, is that it?
I'm willing to overlook it now.
I'm glad you came here.
Good to see you again, gentlemen.
(pause) It's better.
More exciting, more intense, more fun.
In life, people are always wondering how they measure up; whether they're getting ahead or fallin' behind.
(pointing to the Wall of Honor) We let down a great tradition, a 120- year-old Line of Champions.
Any football program worth the name is a special brotherhood, an elite corps of warriors, a select group of knights.
That first time our starting unit takes the field, the first time we huddle up; that's our inner circle, that's our Round Table.
Thanks for the game, Heisman.
If you pass at that time you'll be able to officially enter the university and take college level courses.
But first things first.
I think both Joe and the university are best served by a straightforward Heisman campaign.
First we send them a packet on Joe and his achievements.
Plus it's a good thing for the program.
Publicizes the school, gives a boost to recruiting, and it's a great thing for you.
And you don't ever use them right.
Hero.
Place at the table.
So to start off, I'd like each player to tell the others in his group what he likes best about football and then what he's most proud of off the field.
Havin' our own dorm, stayin' in hotels the night before games.
Your strength and your courage.
The thing I'm most proud of myself for?
The great thing about football is you can lose yourself in it.
The best thing is when you dominate.
You know it's killin' him, but you feel great.
Welcome everybody to the Wolf Den where the E.S.U.
Atta baby, Alvin, heads up.
Here am I, your special island... Shut up, snowflake.
Good game, man.
Good to see ya in there, Darnell.
What makes you think she's such a great ride?
I thought he... loved me... Loved you?
Good enough to devote your life to.
I've been listening to you, baby... Don't call me baby.
Whatever you say, Teach.
(big grin) I don't wish to be cast in a pejorative light, so I'm dedicating myself to achieving on a level more commensurate with my abilities.
Can't do it much better than that.
Great run by Jefferson, the highly- touted Freshman, the longest of the day for the Wolves.
Fine performances on both sides of the field.
Nice run you made on that screen pass.
Thank you.
Nice to meet you Mr. Haley.
Nice to meet you, Darnell.
Good to see you.
Thanks for everything you did for me.
Yeh, but he's good enough to get us a split of the next four games.
Four straight loses and we're out of bowl contention.
He's served his time.
Deliverance from what?
Hey, Louanne, how ya' doin?
Fine, Bud, ya know.
Good.
(cool) Hello, Joe.
Good, I'm happy for you.
How ya doin', Dad? (surprised to see him) Joe! What's this?
Or maybe I didn't wanta see you gettin' all excited, all pumped up with pride, when I knew one day it would all come crashin' down.
Didn't wanta win you over that way.
You ready for tomorrow?
Everybody off the field, but Kane.
(turning to Galen Howard) Give my sincere congratulations to Coach Winters.
He'll be delighted.
Great catch, Darnell.
Thank you, sir.
Good to see you back.
An amazing conclusion to a great season.
goes back to a bowl for the first time in three years.
Shouldn't you be out celebrating?
Alright gentlemen - settle down - settle down - horses on my right - men with money in their pockets on my left - it's the perfect combination.
Good - more money than sense.
Okay - first up today - a gorgeous young horse - prettiest thing I've seen since my wife on our wedding day.
Who wants this wonderful creature.
Six! Oh for the love of...! Seven.
There are big days and there are small days.
You were great, Mr N. Gave him a run for his money.
Good boy.
Good boy.
Good boy.
Good boy.
Good.
No, I read it in a story.
Brilliant.
And I'm a great believer in my rights.
If you drank less beer and bought fewer horses you might be able to look your landlord in the eye, Narracott.
We got to plant the bottom field.
And the money will be yours when harvest comes.
Please.
No. Ted, no! He's worth nothing to me!
Well, so might you if you'd been where he's been, seen what he's seen!
Well, he don't talk to me about it.
Come here... The mice've been at it.
And that is the Queen's South Africa Medal.
Well it ain't mine, dear.
It's good to be proud when you done something good.
I'd be proud.
If I'd gone and saved my mates, and - Well, whether or not you think you'd do the same thing as him... Think how brave he is for refusing to be proud.
(amazed, to Joey:) You see this, Joey?
I've had more than my share.
You'll stop loving me, Rose.
Look smart, Joey lad, it's the Tavistock Fair!
Take my word for it - finest horse in the parish.
You'll be astonished.
I promise you that.
Thank you.
He's my horse, sir.
He won't be any good in the war, neither.
Come on, boy! Come on!
I want to show him how wonderful he's looking.
We have been watching them and they have pitched tents for the night and lit cooking fires.
Excellent.
But the sooner we move, the better - we have no assurance they'll still be there tomorrow morning.
Good.
Excellent work, Sergeant Major.
Thank you, Singh.
Thank you, Standley.
Let every man make himself, his King, his country, and his fallen comrades proud!
Honor the King!
And the others, sir?
But you need to listen now!
You can stay here - slip underneath the bed - until they move out.
Gunther, it will be fine.
But in the end, he will be glad.
I was proud to go.
The food in Italy is good.
Goodnight, Michael.
Night night, Gunther.
A promise.
Good girl.
I was in love with a boy called Francois - who had your lovely eyes.
Unfortunately he was in love with a girl called Marie, who had your teeth.
We will be back in the new season.
On my birthday.
And tomorrow's my birthday!
It was your parents who were brave.
I make jams.
And you've never done a brave thing in your life?
You have to look forward or you'll never get home.
A present.
Give me your hand.
Okay, I promise.
I promise.
My hero.
You are beautiful.
He's a good horse, sir.
As you see, sir, this one is stronger.
Good lads.
It's good.
Andrew, it's good.
It can't be a horse.
Yes - it's a horse.
Listen to him, sir.
I'm just after tending to this here horse, is all!
Cheers.
Cheers... Thanks.
You speak good English.
Delightful.
A pair of German cutters - in memory of your handsome friend from Dusseldorf.
Thanks.
Miraculous horse... (to the doctor:) He was alive, y'see, sir, where nothing survives, so to me and me mates, to the men, sir, he's - Well, we have high hopes for him - You should shoot him now.
Where in the world you been? (to the Geordie:) Do you know this man?
He's got four white socks, he's brown all over - (points to his own - and he has a white mark here - like so... Take him back.
Patch him up best we can.
Thank you, sir.
The King and Queen thank you for your service.
When the bells ring out - and they will in a moment, for the first time for four years - let us remember our brothers fallen in the field.
And thank God for the end of this struggle and victory.
He raised him up from a pup, he did.
God be with you, sir.
back with a smile) Her name is He means masturbate... Something Kirk with which I'm sure you have hands-on experience.
Thank you for having us.
Have a nice weekend, Mr. Lombardo.
And be good.
(smiling) I'd like that.
Good work.
That's about all it's good for.
Deal.
My ride wasn't there.
Listen, Kelly skipped school.
It was good seeing you the other day.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
God, Mom... My daughter does not get raped in Blue Bay! (in a quiet voice) You're saying that Kelly was raped by Sam Lombardo.
(beat) Are you ready?
I... let him I mean he's a nice guy.
I mean he's so gorgeous...
Well, I'm glad you did.
(folding his hands before him) Why don't you tell me about it.
I'm meeting Barbara.
Well, you came to the right place.
Nellie Gail Ranch... Sound nice?
Good.
(with growing impatience) Story's the same, Detective...
He had a pretty good line on what cheap fucks people are.
He said, "No little bitch can ever make me come."
So you're the new chicken licker.
Good to see you again.
My client wants your client to saddle up... so we can ride her ass all the way to the bank.
How do you like that?
You can spend it together.
We'll have lunch at the Beef Bowl.
Hey, don't back away from it, you were right.
They chumped us, Gloria, right from the start.
You ask me, Lombardo had it pretty good already, nice job in a beautiful setting, popular, an active social life.
The man's surrounded by wealth and privilege.
(nodding, a scary smile) That's right.
You can trust me.
(beat) Can you calm her down?
Listen, Kelly, I'm counting on you.
We've got to be cool.
I'm doing what rich guys do.
Good.
And this is going to make you feel better, make you trust me... Are you crazy, Ray?
She bought the same story we did... Listen, both of you.
Smile.
You'll give this up?
(beat) I want to see you... Kelly... Relax.
We're rich.
Skip the graduation parties.
I love you.
I love you too.
Nice girlfriend you had there.
Yeah, well, you fixed that.
(beat) We should be celebrating.
Not after that night.
Him and Suzie were at the Glades that night.
Why didn't you buy a nice big power boat?
I'll make a sailor out of you yet.
(to Sam) Nice move.
Good thing I was here to save your incompetent ass.
Feeling better?
Strike me as a fantastic coincidence.
I submit to you this was not a hot-blooded crime of passion!
Fresh fish!
Fresh fish today!
(offers his hand) Hello.
You make your customers' motives a part of your business?
The Sisters have taken a real shine to you, yes they have.
Thanks for the advice.
What's so funny?
Oh? Folks who run this place love surprise inspections.
Pleasure doing business with you.
That's rich, ain't it?
We could'a been tarring the As for Andy, he spent that break hunkered in the shade, a strange little smile on his face, watching us drink his beer.
What I don't have are the rocks.
Here's the good part.
(smiles) Luke.
I hear you're good with numbers.
It's called a rock blanket.
It's for shaping and polishing rocks.
My wife made that in church group.
It's very pretty, sir.
That side, the Reader's Digest Condensed books.
Easy, peasy, Japanesey.
We can do a lot better than that.
That's a wonderful pet to have.
Son, I've had six wardens through here during my tenure, and I have learned one great immutable truth of the universe: ain't one of 'em been born whose asshole don't pucker up tight as a snare drum when you ask for funds.
I hope wherever he is, he's doing okay and making new friends.
The bed is too big.
Nice work.
Amen.
Good for you, Andy.
I have no idea to this day what them two Italian ladies were singin' about.
Couldn't play somethin' good, huh?
(taps his heart, his head) The music was here...and here.
That's the beauty of it.
(smiles) I thought you had more faith in me than that.
He's the guilty one, your Honor.
Second cousin to Harvey the Rabbit.
It's amazing what you can accomplish by mail.
Did I say you were good?
It's funny.
To keep you happy and doing the laundry.
That was an easy ride, let me tell you.
That's a good start.
Thing is, see... (leans in, mutters) ...I don't read all that good.
(Red nods) Sweet Jesus.
Thumb up my butt sounds better.
Will you please?
Would you be willing to swear before a judge and jury...having placed your hand on the Good Book and taken an oath before Almighty God Himself?
(pause) She was beautiful.
I loved her.
That's where I'd like to finish out my life, Red.
I laughed myself right into solitary.
Two week stretch.
Andy loved geology.
It turns out Andy's favorite hobby was totin' his wall out into the exercise yard a handful at a time...
Thank you.
Please.
Sunshine so bright it strikes me blind.
He's a good cop.
He's a great cop.
(off Stevens' surprise, Carver grins) I'm God, I know everything.
You wanted to be a good boy, so you became a cop.
He's smart, smooth, and sufficiently elusive that we don't even have an adult photograph of him.
On the day of the King's castration, all the counts and no accounts were down on the deck with Georgia Tech taking turns in the back seat... Whatta you got? (voice just changing) Nickel rock, dime rock.
He can't help it, David, it's his nature.
Everybody ready?
He's an animal.
Don't be... I'm worth money to you.
Give it.
Tomorrow morning.
(closing the subject) In dreams begin responsibilities.
(she snuggles against him; Elias enjoys it) Five times two.
Come on, honey... Nancy, this is John.
It's Daddy... Daddy!! (through phone) Hi, baby.
Nobel prizes are for wussies.
This is designed for the top end of the market.
Because it's synthetic, you don't grow it, refine it, or -- best of all -- import it.
That's good.
(seeing him to the door) I want you to get a new apartment.
I like where I am.
Don't talk to me that way.
Praise God they don't let guns in here.
Right here, right now.
(mimes that game) Come on, it's fun.
First to four wins, like the World Series.
I am so proud of you.
Proud, proud, and more proud.
I asked for it... It's my fault... (calm, eyes on road) Relax.
Meeting us way out here.
(radiant) This is the greatest night of my life.
Thank God.
We're going to be rich.
Please.
(continuing) Cute... Can I have that?
Everyone who owed him, everyone he...
What are you laughing at?
Collecting money makes you strong.
They'll be very happy.
I'm happy.
And we're happy.
Everybody's happy.
It's a happy world.
So, how can I express my gratitude for a job well done?
And, also, your business.
(smiles) You're tougher than I thought, but not that tough.
(laughs) Money?
(to Betty) I'll meet you there in a week.
Your eyes were like an angel in my heart telling me I should be good, and I didn't want to hear it.
New identities, new lives... What's the matter, John?
Costs have climbed while profits and the market -- (continuing) We have developed a new product: simpler, cheaper to manufacture, superior quality and completely synthetic.
We're rich, so we're on the same side.
This looks interesting.
We're gonna be rich.
Be happy.
Richer than Cosby.
He vanished, thank God, or we'd both be in deep doo-doo.
The holidays are coming up.
It's our best season.
(to his guest) Milt, your new book is called The End of the World.
I predict that the world will end at the stroke of midnight on New Year's Eve.
I have a strong psychic belief that the world will end on New Year's Eve.
Valentine's Day.
(does his wrap-up right TO the CAMERA) Next week on 'World of the Psychic,' hairless pets.
A lot of the better psychics won't come on the show.
I'm an old friend of the mayor's.
Oh, yes, I got in a little late this morning, Janosz.
Thank you, Janosz.
It's good to see you.
Thanks for coming.
That's why I didn't call you first.
(picking up the baby) Okay, kid.
I haven't had a lot of experience with babies.
It's an interesting one, Pete.
We definitely had a moment or two.
I love this.
If I can get conjugal rights, will you visit me at Sing Sing?
Thanks.
Good.
(gloating) Nice going, Venkman.
See you in a couple years -- at your first parole hearing.
Objection, your Honor.
That the world of the supernatural is your special province?
Thank you.
(to the client) Merry Christmas!
Dr. Venkman -- 'World of the Psychic.'
(flattered) Thanks.
Yeah, really great.
You're really good, you know.
You know you can go to Art World and get these huge sofa-size paintings for about forty-five bucks.
I'm sure you didn't come here just to talk about art.
(smiling at Venkman) Dana, aren't you going to introduce me to your friend?
(avoiding his gaze) Pleasure to meet you.
It's a painting I'm restoring for the new Byzantine exhibition.
It's a self-portrait of Prince Vigo, the Carpathian.
A genius in many ways and quite a skilled painter.
Nice meeting you.
My pleasure.
Spengler and I have something really amazing to show you.
(very excited) This is an incredible breakthrough, Venkman.
(to Spengler) Let's calm it down.
It likes all the sappy stuff: 'Cumbaya,' 'Everything is Beautiful,' 'It's a Small World' -- but it loves Jackie Wilson.
But coming from you, I can't honestly say I'm surprised.
(to Vigo) Beautiful, beautiful.
Work with me, baby.
(to Stantz) Okay, he's playing it cool.
No, I'm fine.
Those two were made for each other.
(confidentially, to Spengler) Watch him, Egon.
She cleaned.
(handing her the flowers) Do I have a vase?
You're so much better than you know.
Thank you.
(to the baby) So these dwarfs had a limited partnership in a small mining operation and then one day a beautiful princess came to live with them.
(continuing) So they bartered room and board in exchange for housekeeping services, which was a good deal for all of them because then they didn't have to withhold tax and social security, which I'm not saying is right but it's just a story, so I guess it's all right.
You're really good with children, Louis.
(uncharacteristically angry) Nice going, Ray!
(very excited) You should've been there, Venkman.
(confidentially) Boys, listen.
It's hot and it's ready to pop.
You'll get a good night's sleep and then you can give the mayor a call in the morning.
He's such a good baby.
He was a little fussy at first, but we gave him a Freach bread pizza and he went right to sleep.
He's not taking my baby.
I'm trying to finish my potholder before lunch.
(shrewish) I told you we should have stayed in Palm Beach.
Good work, Louis.
(to the Ghostbusters) Hi, it's really great to meet you guys.
Nice and sweet -- (starts singing) Cumbaya, milord, cumbaya -- (singing) Cumbaya, milord, cumbaya, Cumbaya, milord, cumbaya, Oh, Lord, cumbaya.
But we have a spectacular opportunity to make the best of our relationship.
Marry me, Dana, and together we will raise Vigo as our son.
Many marriages begin with a certain amount of distance, but after a while I believe we could learn to love each other.
(patting the Statue) They love you, Lib.
(to Janosz) Happy New Year.
(arming his slime-blower) Say goodnight now.
Ray -- Ray -- How do you feel, man? (smiles lovingly) Groovy.
I've never felt better in my life.
I love you guys.
What is this -- a love in? (notes the symbols painted on the baby's body) Hey, sailor.
Want a coffee?
(extremely nice) That's very kind of you.
Is that good?
(staring at it) There's something very familiar about this painting.
(weepy) Happy New Year, everybody!
Yeah, and a lot easier to get to than that island.
Good party town.
He came back the following night.
And a beautiful house it is too.
Yours is a good life, isn't it?
The wine has no taste.
To embrace the peace of the unending night?
We thrive on blood.
The sun's coming up.
Because you're as strong as I was when I was alive.
Young as we are now.
Give it to me.
I will finish it, Yvette.
Come into New Orleans and let me show you some real sport!
This was New Orleans, a magical and magnificent place to live.
The best in the colony.
My lips are even sweeter still... Let's get out of here!
A fresh young girl, that was his favorite for the first of the evening.
They represented the greatest loss to Lestat because they stood on the threshold of the maximum possibility of life.
We grow stronger as we go along.
The evildoers are easier.
Watch me kill you then - What strength, my friend, what strength.
and the slaves with a wisdom that was denied their masters, began to notice... Yes... please... Consider yourself lucky.
How human is that?
I enjoy it.
You're dead, love.
But it's too late, love.
Why do I wish to warm her tiny arms?
Comfort her beating heart?
No... Do what it is in your nature to do.
Is God merciless?
You left her alive.
Claudia, Claudia, listen to me.
You drink from morals, my beauty, but from me?
You want to come inside, lovely?
Is this my birthday?
Tell me how it was done!!!! Be glad I made you what you are! You'd be dead not if I hadn't.
And he found me with you.
I took your life.
And I longed for one second's peace...
Don't do this thing!!! Louis, Louis, I gave you the gift - help me - What have you done, Claudia - Louis! Look what's happening to him!! Lestat.
Help me.
Help me.
He was my brother.
He gave me this life, whatever it is.
I did it for you - I love you Claudia.
Just the two of us, beginning the great adventure of our lives.
Take the back stairwell - Stay back - for the love of God... or I'll burn you alive...
We were free.
And I longed for the brilliant white of those marbles in the hot sun of Homer... We docked at Varna and searched the rural countryside of the Carpathians, for what she liked to term "our kind"...
Fictions, my friend.
We were alive again.
We were in love and so euphoric was I that I yielded to her every desire... Help me, mon chere... How do I look?
Still my beautiful child.
A beautiful child!
Oh, yes, take me Monsieur Vampire!
I adore you!
Do you know what it means to be loved by death, to become our bride?
Your beauty is a gift to us.
Who deserves such a gift?
Such a darling.
It's time we were on our way.
If the world were reduced to one empty cell, on fragile candle, you stay alive and study it.
How he must have loved you.
(softly) Yes... My God...
An immortal with a mortal's passion.
You are beautiful, my friend.
You saw to that when you made me.
You will make me mine!
How do we seem to you? Do you think us beautiful, magical, our white skin, our fierce eyes?
I love you still, that's the torment of it.
A doll?
They trusted you.
For years we wandered.
I had returned to new Orleans.
The scent grew stronger as I walked.
They were like the doomed princess caught in the thorny vines of Sleeping Beauty's castle.
I'm so glad you're here Louis... I've dreamed of your coming... Don't try to speak... it's alright...
Past... she should never have been one of us... Still beautiful Louis.
They make the night brighter than the day!
But you talk about passion, about longing, about things I'll never know in my life!
Give the story to others.
Take me! Give me your gift, your power... Is this what you want?
I said DO So after like six hours, he finally manages to stand up on the snowboard, and the instructor lets go of him and he just plummets.. (Laughter) I swear to god, he can't turn, slow down, for like four hundred yards.
It's just I'm sure we've met before.
And do you enjoy your work?
I love it.
We're the fastest growing division in the Agency, which sounds cool but means you may have to share a desk.
Nice place you got here.
(Smiles) I need to get you cleared.
Par la grace D'Allah.
Now, thanks to Allah, we are free men.
In August 2001 J. Turner.." That's me.. "flew to Vienna, to meet with IAEA scientists.
He had fissile material.
You willing to put your name to that.
And right now you're making lots of little decisions adding up to a big decision and out there's a real world where millions of people depend upon you being right.
Help me out.
They're for purifying it.
Have you met Saddam?
Mmm...That smells good.
Thank Sue.
I am so happy to see you.
The scientists are- These scientists are the WMD.
Put her on.. She's fine.
I see..I see.
(He pulls back) Listen.
As your friend, now.
That is one cool scarecrow.
Give it to mommy.
She says White House sources say that quote "the real story here is not the sixteen words but Wilson and his wife".
Everyone says Valerie's a great listener.
I had no plan for this day.
Birthdays.
You're my best friend Val.
Am I going to enjoy it?
I put my family first.
JOE WILSON (cont'd) A good American doesn't rock the boat.
A good American looks the other way.
Over here it's a different world.
Home of the Brave.
I give you this.
(he smiles) Take care brother Joe.
Getting better.
God they're beautiful.
smiling) Hola.
It reminds us of who we are.
Get ready!
I love you too Papa.
That's good.
He was your father's best friend since they're kids.
You do well in school.
Good.
Excellent.
Well, if you give it to me, Don Luis will be very grateful.
You are a smart girl.
And in this life, smart girls get everything they want.
We need her alive!
Alive!
In peace.
I'm not interested in a girl right now.
You're safe.
Gracias mama.
Good morning.
You have your mother's beautiful eyes.
Well good.
I don't know if it helped with the growing, but I was well rested for whatever came after.
No one who is still alive.
Can you help?
The good news is your father bought you your life with what he gave you.
See you Monday Cataleya.
I'll teach you.
I didn't do it!!! Ambulance on the way!
Are we good?
We're good.
Say hello to Mama.
Mama says hello back.
The word, the flower.
I brought you the morning paper.
A flower that only grows in one place on earth?
This taste good enough.
I watch your ass.
I love you too.
Now let's see what good boys you can be.
Nice, huh? Red, juicy, delicious.
Good boys.
Have a good night, sir.
There are already guys in the garden and guys out back.
Please.
Please!
And I'll be more than happy to get back to you as soon as I can.
Thank you.
It's a good start.
Now we can have sex.
I made breakfast.
Please.
Five six. Brown eyes, hazel really, dark hair, thick, shiny... Great body, killer smile.
Dude, you're in love.
This comes from the heart.
The girl comes over, strips down, rocks your world, gets dressed, asks for nothing.
The only thing she doesn't do is bring the pizza and beer.
You are living my dream.
I knew you were the perfect guy to talk about this with.
Give it up!
Haven't you been listening to me?
You know, if you weren't my brother's best friend... You're doing it for love Shari.
This is the last time I was happy.
Your family, right?
I've met this woman.
I loved killing your father.
The love I had for my parents.
She would come over, we'd have amazing sex, and she would leave.
Can I have a cup of coffee?
That I would come over and we would have amazing sex.
...I love you.
Clean as the Board of Health.
This is a place of business.
Peace, y'all.
Peace, Radio Raheem.
Peace.
I love everybody.
You don't have that much love.
One day you'll be nice to me.
He talked his way into my panties, I thought being a mother would make me happy, make me whole.
We haven't had a good sit-down for a long while.
I didn't know you had such beautiful hair.
Besides, he reminds me of my least favorite peoples.
My tenants and my ex- husband--Goddamn-bless his soul.
A wise guy.
You want to swim, go to Coney Island.
Good, make sure he don't jerk around.
Mister Senor Love Daddy is cool.
They looked good before he messed them up.
Are you gonna listen to this Mook?
Your only brother?
What is? Sweet Dick Willie.
OK, but listen up.
A motherfucking year off the motherfucking boat and got a good business in our neighborhood occupying a building that had been boarded up for longer than I care to remember and I've been here a long time.
Now for the life of me, I haven't been able to figger this out.
I'll be one happy fool to see us have our own business right here.
Magic Johnson.
Magic, Eddie, Prince are not niggers, I mean, are not Black.
Y'know, I've been listening and reading 'bout Farrakhan, ya didn't know that, did you?
Keep dreaming.
Time out! Time out! Y'all take a chill.
Can you pay me now?
Let me tell you the story of Right-Hand--Left- Hand--the tale of Good and Evil.
It was with this hand that Brother Cain iced his brother.
LOVE! See these fingers, they lead straight to the soul of man.
The right hand.
The hand of LOVE!
The story of Life is this... STATIC!
Love is coming back, yes, it's Love.
Love has won.
I love you, my brother.
I love you, Black.
This is a place of business.
Thanks.
It's so nice to see a family hanging out together.
I'll see ya there.
Peace.
Jade, I still love you.
I still love you too.
The Mook? Great.
Mookie's a good kid.
What's good?
Everything, but for you I'm gonna make up something special.
Ain't nuthin' like the smell of fresh flowers.
If you don't mind, I'm gonna set right here, catch a breeze or two, then be on my way.
Thank the Lord, the sun is going down, it's hot as blazes.
At least my moms didn't name me Sweet Dick Willie.
Nobody talkin' 'bout ya moms.
Sweet Dick, I didn't mean it like that.
You should see the way he looks at you.
As the evening slowly falls upon us living here in Brooklyn, New York, this is ya Love Daddy rappin' to you.
Right now we're gonna open up the Love Lines.
Hello, you're on Love Daddy's Love Line.
Hi, Mister Senor Love Daddy.
I'd kiss your feet every morning, that's how much I love you.
I think you have the sexiest voice in the world.
Love Line, you're on.
Love Daddy, I'd work in Mickey D's 24, 7, and 365 just to call you my own.
I love you.
You I love.
That was a foolish act, but it was brave.
That chile owes you his life.
I wasn't trying to be a hero.
I went from first to home on a bunt single, scored the winning run, the bottom of the ninth, two out, August 1, 1939, Snow Hill, Alabama.
You did a good thing and Mother Sister wanted to thank you for it.
I thank you.
You're welcome.
Trust you?
Vito, I want you to listen to me.
I'm your brother.
I love you.
Good.
I want you to listen.
Jesus Christ on the cross, I said I'm listening.
Good.
No Moulan Yan can be trusted.
My brother.
My brother.
We did good business today.
We got a good thing going.
Please.
Good.
What ever happened to nice music with words you can understand?
You better step off.
Get a life.
Good morning.
Is it a good morning?
My salary.
Are you happy now?
Mookie, you are a rich man, now ya life is set, you'll never have another worry, a care in the world.
Christmas came early.
Yeah!...I'm goin' to the beach for the first day in fifteen years.
Look down, look down Sweet Jesus doesn't care.
Your time is up And your parole's begun.
I'll escape now from that world - From the world of Jean Valjean.
One scrap of paper dances upwards in the sunlight.
At the end of the day you're another day colder And the shirt on your back doesn't keep out the chill.
(flirtatiously, to women) At the end of the day you get nothing for nothing!
And you're lucky to be in a job - (quietly, to Fantine) And in a bed! (to Fantine, as a warning) And we're counting our blessings!
At the end of the day just be glad to be working For a master who cares for the lives of the poor.
Bless the man who leads the way!
At the end of the day!
At the end of the day its another day over With enough in your pocket to last for a week Pay the landlord, pay the shop Keep on working as long as you're able Keep on working till you drop Or it's back to the crumbs off the table Well, you've got to pay your way At the end of the day!
At the end of the day she's the one who began it!
You play a virgin in the light But need no urging in the night!
She's been laughing at you While she's having her men!
Right, my girl!
I have a child!
Javert stares at him.
I've come to take the watch I'm here to keep the peace.
Join your sisters - Make money in your sleep!
Lovely ladies Going for a song, (more) WHORES (cont'd) Got a lot of callers But they never stay for long... Fantine puts on a show of courage as she leads the captain into the ship's hulk, which is a brothel.
There was a time when love was blind And the world was a song And the song was exciting.
I dreamed a dream in time gone by, When hope was high And life worth living.
I dreamed that love would never die.
I dreamed that God would be forgiving.
And still I dream he'll come to me!
That we will live the years together...
As she ends her song, her next customer is waiting.
She looks pale and sickly, but still attempts an alluring smile.
As Fantine watches Valjean on his mission of mercy, a well- dressed young man, BAMATABOIS, comes up to her.
For this disturbance of the peace For this insult to life and property!
Who laid hands on this good man here?
Holy God, is there no mercy?
She's nice to see and she's soft to touch (holding doll to her ear and whispering) She says, Cosette, I love you very much.
Mine host Thenardier He was there, so they say, At the field of Waterloo.
Welcome, m'sieur!
Sit yourself down And meet the best Innkeeper in town!
Seldom do you see Honest men like me A gent of good intent Who's content to be - He pours a strong drink for the new customer - Master of the house!
Doling out the charm Ready with a handshake And an open palm Thenardier has thieved the pocket watch using his handshake as a distraction.
Tells a saucy tale Makes a little stir Customers appreciate a bon-viveur Glad to do a friend a favour Doesn't cost me to be nice But nothing gets you nothing Everything has got a little price!
Master of the house!
Ready to relieve'em Of a sou or two - (serving wine) Watering the wine Thenardier is pissing into the very wine bottle he's using to serve the customer.
Making up the weight Picking up their knick-knacks When they can't see straight Everybody loves a landlord Everybody's bosom friend!
Master of the house!
Residents are more than welcome Bridal suite is occupied A groom and bride consummate their union.
When it comes to fixing prices There are lots of tricks he knows How it all increases All those bits and pieces - Jesus! It's amazing how it grows.
Master of the house!
Master of the house!
Comforter, philosopher - Don't make me laugh!
Everybody bless the landlord!
Everybody bless his spouse!
Everybody raise a glass!
Everybody raise a glass to the master of the house!
Hey there Monsieur what's new with you?
The other is a beautiful young girl, Cosette.
He's never seen anyone so lovely in his life.
We hear the instrumental foreshadowing of `A Heart Full of Love'.
As if drawn by Marius's gaze, Cosette looks up and meets his eyes.
Save a life, spare a sou! God rewards all the good that you do.
Another brawl in the square!
Trust Gavroche!
A night bright as day - And you must never go away, Cosette - Cosette!
A heart full of you - These are words he'll never say Not to me, not to me Not for me!
His heart full of love... From today - He will never feel this way.
Finish the job!
They live ordinary lives.
Make for the sewers!
You'll rue this night!
My God, Cosette!
Rue de L'Homme Armee.
She thrusts her letter into her hand.
Students commandeer an omnibus which is overturned to form the barricade's heart.
Three students arrive in the street hauling an uprooted tree.
Here upon these stones We will build our barricade.
God Eponine the things you do!
Listen, my friends, I have done as I said.
Lovely evening, my dear!
French Revolution.
Vive la France!
(to Marius) Thank you!
But you will live, Eponine - Dear God above!
Drink with me to days gone by! Sing with me the songs we knew!
Drink with me To days gone by!
To the life That used to be!
At the shrine of friendship Never say die... Let the wine of friendship Never run dry!
Will you weep, Cosette, For me? Valjean listens to Marius's song, and he's moved.
Bring him peace Bring him joy He is young He is only a boy.
The sun still below the rooftops.
Below him the students are up and getting ready.
(from top of barricade) Do you hear the people sing Singing the song of angry men (joining) It is the music of the people Who will not be slaves again When the beating of your heart Echoes the beating of the drums There is a life about to start When tomorrow comes!
So you'd better run for cover When the pup grows - No-o!
You at the barricades listen to this!
He stands by the window, knowing he will die now, proud and unafraid.
Grantaire goes and joins him.
Enjolras smiles, and raises his now-ragged red flag.
INTO FRAME walks Javert, grimly surveying the victory of law over rebellion.
Marius stares in astonishment.
Jean Valjean was my saviour that night!
Thenardier looks past Marius to where Cosette stands among their friends.
God forgive us the things that we do.
They stand by the tiered wedding cake.
Ain't it a laugh?
The dance continues.
Master of the dance!
Singing to the Lord on Sundays Praying for the gifts he'll send - But we're the ones who take it - We're the ones who make it in the end!
The Thenardiers are carried off, singing as they go.
I dreamed a dream Cosette stood by It made her weep To know I die... Alone at the end of the day Upon this wedding night I pray Take these children, my Lord, to thy embrace And show them grace... God on high Hear my prayer Take me now To thy care Where you are Let me be Take me now Take me there Bring me home Bring me home!
M'sieur I bless your name...
At the end of my days...
You raised my child in love, She's the best of my life...
Valjean looks round.
Thank God, thank God, I've lived to see this day!
It's thanks to you that I am living, And again I lay down my life at your feet.
When they wounded me He took me from the barricade, Carried like a babe, And brought me home to you! Now you are here Again beside me Now I can die in peace For now my life is blessed...
I'm ready now, Fantine.
We were at Princeton together.
You're so white.
(Marge laughs) Say again?
That's funny.
And be careful in the sun.
Thanks.
Made me laugh so much I got a nosebleed.
Is that good?
I make a fabulous martini.
(enjoying this banter) That's three.
Like the old bastard is here right now! That's brilliant!
I met him in New York.
Meet my father, Herbert Richard Greenleaf 1st.
Pleasure to meet you, Dickie's made a fine catch.
It's not love it's the coffee machine.
It's the one task Dickie can do on his own - make coffee.
Oh darling - is that for me?
(as Dickie hands him his cup) That ring's so great.
The green one.
(delighted) Tom, I love you! (to Dickie) See! (to Ripley) I bought it for him, for his birthday.
It's superb.
(to Marge) I have to find a birthday present for Frances.
Engaged?
Your parents met her.
We'll make a sailor of you yet.
I love Venice.
We're planning to go to Cortina at Christmas.
Excellent skiing.
Excellent.
Good thing we're not getting married.
MARGE (cont'd) (back to Ripley) Anyway, then one day, we go in, I see Dickie, he starts playing My Funny Valentine, and then all of a sudden he just walks into the cafe, right in front of Jean-Jacques, and grabs me!
I want to talk to you too...Smile for me.
My Funny in a flawless imitation of Chet Baker.
I played piano in a few places.
Thank you Dad.
Copy out from here... (staring to write on the back of a postcard) I love the fact you brought Shakespeare with you and no clothes.
(watching him write) Not "Dickie".
Come join us.
That's why everybody loves him.
It's always the same whenever someone new comes into his life - Freddie, Fausto, Peter Smith-Kingsley - he's wonderful - did you meet him, he's a musician?
There's this great new club.
I'll go and see what's the matter.
You've been so good to me.
Now that we're brothers...
But it would be great, though, if you came with me.
This is more like it.
To Mongibello and the happiest days of my life.
I'm suddenly quite happy to be going back.
That's good.
Is your book going well?
Yes - I'm on a good streak, thanks.
(looks at him) Ha.
(walking away) Thank you.
Dinner tonight sounds fine.
(listens as it's read back) Dinner tonight, yes, is okay.
The truth is if you've had money your entire life, even if you despise it, which we do - agreed? - you're only truly comfortable around other people who have it and despise it.
Lensky sings his aria Thanks so much for inviting me tonight.
(moving over to them) Marge, I don't know you, so I have no right, but Dickie loves you.
No, we're meeting another friend.
No, I was just - you're way ahead of me! Great!
(to Marge) So we should be celebrating.
So, do you like it?)
Yes, I'm good, thank you.
(returning, flinching) No. No, I'm staying here for a few days, in Rome.
That's a new piano, so you prob - Did this place come furnished?
Do you have a photograph of Signor Ripley?
Good.
I'm delighted you finally made it to Venice.
Welcome to Venice.
Not the best way to spend your first day.
You look well.
I'm well, thank you.
Marge, good morning.
Marge has been good enough to do that, about Mongibello.
You've been a great friend to my son.
Marge, calm down, you're being hysterical.
He promised me.
(smiles at him) You know, you look so relaxed, like a completely different person.
Good.
Kissing off.
I see it with stunning clarity.
It's your best play, Nicky.
The radio plays soft music.
The music has a sensuous, driving beat.
Voices begin to chant.
What happened to family secrets?
Nicky and Laurel enter the coffee shop they are greeted by the owner, a hefty Greek named GEORGE.
Handsome wall paintings -- a Tuscan hill town.
You used to love life.
Yessirree Bob! Yessisree Bob! Nicky's jaw becomes set and he pours himself a glass of wine as the man backs off.
How we have our anger to nurture and love.
Guys ready to order?
(to Nicky) This is a great young out-of-work actress.
What's good?
When Nicky is finished with his food, he begins picking among the items on Elliot's plate.
You don't think you're good enough.
They are watching the man in the cutaway dancing with his cloth doll.
Her back is to Nicky and she is reading a book.
Played the radio loud.
I hear good things about the new play.
But you're his friend.
I understand opening- night jitters, but you've got one of the great actors in American theater starring in your play. 1 41 47th Street between Broadway and Eighth Avenue.
I know he's a sweet man.
I love Peter.
Joanna loves this play.
Nicky looks out at the rehearsal in progress on stage.
I had lunch with Joanna.
Everybody quotes Steven Schwimmer.
I can't live openly, in a nice clean doorman building, with my name on the mailbox.
Listen to me carefully.
Laurel.
Thanks, Daddy.
But you had an attitude when you were growing up that wasn't easy for your mother and me to understand.
I'm a man who loves life.
It's your best play, Nicky.
Your house in Connecticut, where you watch things grow.
Twenty cases of Great Western champagne stacked and ready for the postgame celebration.
He has finished his dinner and is eating from Toyota's plate finishing and watching the game.
My father's still alive.
An how many years does it take a person to make his family safe and secure and happy, and then in one dumb moment, what does he do?
Happy roars from the bar crowd.
77 77 Dinner has arrived with a bottle of wine.
We haven't talked this way in years.
Life is good.
Baseball is life.
Enjoy your ice cream, kid.
The same deep sweet soft toothy taste.
Very few people now alive can say that they have seen what you are about to see, Matthew.
The Red Sox win a World Series.
It's like a beautiful song lyric.
Life is good.
Baseball is life.
The score is 5-4.
The whole tavern is rocking.
We're still winning.
I still love Lillian.
It's only in the movies a man can kick in a door with such amazing ease.
But he was so beautiful.
I trusted him.
Right by Fenway Park.
The Red Sox were my world.
Alright then..keep your secrets.
Whatever you did...you've been officially labelled as a Disturber of the Peace.
Gandalf... I'm glad you're back.
Gandalf smiles.
It's good to see you.
You haven't aged a day!
Gandalf and Bilbo laugh together and enter Bag End.
Welcome, welcome!! (Calling) Tea?
Nice little snack.
I think, in his heart, Frodo's still in love with the Shire, the woods and the fields... little rivers.
I know I don't look it, but I'm beginning to feel it in my heart.
Old Toby, the finest weed in Southfarthing! Ohhhh, (smiles) Gandalf my old friend...this will be a night to remember!
Go on, Sam, ask Rosie for a dance.
But they spent so long arguing the whether-to's and why-for's that the sun's first light crept over the top of the trees...and turned them all to stone! (urgent whisper) No, no..the big one...the big one!
That was good!
Today is my one hundred and eleventh birthday.
Yes, and alas...Eleventy- one years is far too short a time to live among such excellent and admirable Hobbits!
There are many magic rings in the world, Bilbo Baggins, and none of them should be used lightly.
It was just a bit of fun.
Shire!! (reading) The year 3434 of the Second Age...here follows the account of Isildur, High King of Gondor, and the finding of the ring of power.
It shall be an heirloom of my Kingdom...all those who follow in my bloodline shall be bound to its fate, for I will risk no hurt to the ring...it is precious to me, though I buy it with great pain... (reading) The marking upon the band begin to fade...the writing which at first was as clear as red flame, has all but disappeared...a secret now that only fire can tell... (hissing) Shire?
Hold out your hand, Frodo...it is quite cool.
Understand, Frodo...I would use this Ring from a desire to do good...but through me, it would wield a power too great and terrible to imagine.
He is both wise and powerful.
Trust me, Frodo.
Travel only by day and stay off the road.
My dear Frodo, Hobbits really are amazing creatures.
It would be wise, my friend.
Merry, it's Frodo Baggins.
That was close.
A shortcut to what? (excited) Mushrooms!
Right...Buckleberry Ferry...follow me !
Frodo, this way!
Frodo, follow me!
Good evening, little masters.
If you're seeking accommodation, we've got some nice, cozy Hobbit sized rooms available, Mr...ah... Underhill...my name's Underbill.
Merry watches Pippin go.
We've had one, yes...but what about Second Breakfast?
Build me an army worth of Mordor.
The trees are strong, my Lord.
This was once the great Watchtower of Amon Sul.
Oh, that's nice...ash on my tomatoes!
Strider clamps his hand over Arwen's.
Arwen...ride hard, don't look back.
Frodo opens his hand, the Ring sits in his Palm.
His strength returns.
An army that can move in Sunlight and cover great distance at speed.
They hide in their mountains seeking riches.
There's no strength left in the world of Men.
(quiet awe) The shards of Narsil...the blade that cut the Ring from Sauron's hand.
Arwen reaches for Strider's hand... (quietly) You said you'd bind yourself to me, forsaking the immortal life of your people.
It is mine to give to whom I will, like my heart.
Strangers from distant lands ... friends of old.
It is a gift...a gift to the foes of Mordor!
ARAGORN'S HAND moves to his sword hilt.
What's the Elvish for friend?
So, master elf, you will enjoy the fabled hospitality of the dwarves; roaring fires, malt beer, red meat off the bone.
This, my friend, is the home of my cousin, Balin...and they call this a Mine... (snorting) A mine! (grimly) This is no mine...it's a tomb!
It's a four day journey to the other side.
Merry!
He hates and loves the ring, as he hates and loves himself.
Gandalf catches Frodo's look of surprise.
You bring great evil here, Ringbearer.
Tell me, where is Gandalf, for I much desire to speak with him.
Tonight you will sleep in peace.
(whispered v/o) Welcome, Frodo of the Shire... CLOSE ON: FRODO looks at GALADRIEL.
You offer it to me freely...I do not deny that my heart has greatly desired this.
Treacherous as the Sea! Stronger than the foundations of the earth...all shall love me and despair!
(smiles) They were Elves once.
And now...perfected.
You have kept your honor.
Be at peace, son of Gondor.
Aragorn bends and Kisses Boromir's forehead.
Yes! Ha! Mordor!
It was a gift.
A bracelet like that very rarely happens.
Thank you.
Getting better.
No no, I'm fine now, thanks, anyway.
Marriage?
Come to Mama.
Wore you out, did I? It's a good woman you can't keep down, baby.
Have a good sleep, baby.
Now, that's better.
You're too young.
(lugubrious) The ambulance is on the way, for what good it will do.
(handing key) Your kid's in the back here.
So what's your story today?
(bright smile) I want to know everything about you.
(easy grin) You do.
And once I'm out of here, I'll remind you of the best parts.
You look healthy to me.
You're just comfortable, that's all.
Four years in a town like Los Ang-gleez, and a peanut selling job is the best you can do?
The first day of the Delmar meet, there was a nag called Bluebell.
The raincoat's on the bed.
That ten grand of yours.
Well, that's nice.
He's a good kid.
And how are you making out these days?
(delighted) Yeah?
(looks at sky) I better get going.
He let me be his friend.
(calm maternal advice) Get off the grift, Roy.
Why? (faint smile) You don't have the stomach for it.
Babe, I'm gettin out of here, and that's it.
Thanks, Mr. Simms, I'm feeling fine.
(shy) I'm glad you're better.
The entire staff will be pleased to see you're back.
Well, thank you.
And thank them.
Well, I'm back now.
Happy to see you looking so good.
(happily basking) Hey, yeah, I'm fine, everything's great.
(laughing) Again! (to Soldier 3) And you jumped right in.
You should take better care of your friend.
Dinner's on the house.
We have lovely pecan pie, my husband makes it himself.
That sounds nice.
Thank you.
Great to get away, take it easy.
I was teamed ten years with the best in the business.
It was beautiful.
And now, right now, it's the perfect time, the best time since I've been in the game.
Our buy was in the computer, we were rich, he should come collect.
Here you are! Two rich people!
Good.
Hold it right there! (cool outrage) What?
Oh, Roy, it was great!
I'm still the best long-con roper you'll ever see.
But how about taking a bank president for a hundred grand?
Well... nice to see you again, Lilly.
Easier on home grounds.
They're both easier at home.
Whatever you say, darling.
Good! Send him in.
Good to have you back, Roy.
A well-rounded life.
I respect that.
(grinning) And hello to you, too.
You're too good for the small-time, Roy.
Welcome to Phoenix.
Good evening.
Thank you.
Honestly, it doesn't have that feel to it, but I'll certainly consider the possibility.
Thank you for telling me.
(laughing quietly) Mom.
Bobo -- I thought you'd be happy for me.
I wasn't a very good mother when you were a kid.
That's good.
Well, it doesn't matter, does it?
(full laugh) Oh, that's it!
That's why you've got to change your life completely, go to some town, get a square job, live like a john yourself.
This way, you've got to go the square route.
As Paul drives through a bucolic, well-to-do neighborhood featuring a beautiful old church.
The station wagon pulls into a CIRCULAR DRIVEWAY lined with trees and bushes of beautiful blue hydrangea.
Kym charges into the house where NORMAN SKLEAR and more friends of Rachel are decorating.
Here, let me just... Kym slams open the master bedroom door and finds her older sister, RACHEL, trying on her wedding dress with the help of her best friend EMMA.
Radiant and sexy, Rachel glows like an angel in her creamy white and gold sari.
You look great!
Hah! Kym! Emma! (To Rachel) No seriously, you're so tiny it's like you're Asian.
Kym laughs.
Kym flops on the bed and gazes adoringly at her sister for a moment.
Emma designed this dress and there's forty-seven yards of it and I'll go up like the Hindenburg.
She has this great little boutique in Greenwich.
That's so great.
Angela Paylin is coming to the wedding.
And she confessed to you her secret Elvis Stoyko fantasy.
And Elvis Stoyko was skating in the finals to "Could It Be Magic" for the gold medal.
They collapse in laughter.
Sidney, meet my sister, Kym.
And this is Best Man Kieran.
No, believe me, that was so lovely, LOVELY!
The best man and the maid of honor... furtively slipping off to the coal bin to have it off while the rest of the wedding party labors away at preparations for the big event.
Isn't the lilac fabulous?
(to Rachel) I love the grey.
I love this.
It's good to have a principle.
So why aren't I the Maid of Honor?
Why is Emma the Maid of Honor?
I'd love to but he won't let me.
Is being my "Maid of Honor" this important to you?
Hooray for sisterhood.
Thank god.
(lighting a cigarette) So Mom, you look great.
Darling, can you smoke that in here?
It's a private party, Mom.
She sends her love.
Great.
He personifies many of life's grandest cliches, even as he breathes fresh life into most of them.
The magnitude of his artistry and his business acumen are matters of public record and delight.
He's been a great friend "through thick and thin," and sometimes it's gotten very, very thin -- but he "stood by me" at all times, so it is my privilege and honor to stand by him on this profound occasion... You're paying for that, Emma.
I'd like to make a toast to the happy couple because I want to come visit them in Hawaii.
Not biblically, except for that one time we french kissed at Evan Yassky's party in the ninth grade.
(loudly) Was that the guy with the peroxide hair?
Such a nice man.
(for the crowd) Relax, it's seltzer.
I want to thank you all for coming and welcome you even though I haven't seen most of you since my latest stretch in the Big House...
Anyway, I did a lot of apologizing to people who were practically strangers so I very much want to take this opportunity to not only congratulate my extraordinary sister, the future explorer in matters of the mind, thank you very much, and her adorable, impending husband on the occasion of their unprecedented nuptials.. but also to apologize to my extraordinary sister, the future explorer in matters of the mind, for... Everything!
I'm so damned glad I'm here with you and Sidney and his family and ours, and I am so happy for you guys, I really am.
So, I am hereby raising my seltzer in celebration of my laudatory sister and herewith making amends.
(She pauses for a second) Enjoy Hawaii.
She was so happy-- Wait! Stop!
Dad, will you tell her I'm happy for her?
I'll be up, Carol.
Good night everybody.
Congratulations, man.
Thanks, my friend.
I'm so happy!
That went well.
Ha! She's such an operator.
Thank you!
Not unlike this great nation in which we live.
And Mom smiles and says "Thank you" like he was speaking in Sanskrit.
A tiny spleen?
She sends her love.
I love the color.
I may be a degenerate dope fiend but I love my horse.
But fun.
We were having so much fun.
And he kept going "Coal, caboose!
You're at the family table.
The family table.
I was planning on enjoying myself.
Nobody is taking your day.
Sidney, you're a nice young man.
You make a lot of money and the world is your oyster.
(To Kym) I found it so profoundly inspirational that you could be there for her during your own incredible ordeal.
I thank God that you came in here today.
I never thought I'd ever have the chance to thank you.
It was your strength that gave me the courage to confront my own abuse and help me turn my life around.
Thank god.
She is better!
Nice, Rachel.
Thank you.
I love you guys.
You were high for his life.
You were not present for his life.
I was stoned out of my mind!
She sends her love.
Good.
I'm the Maid of Honor.
Thank you.
I'm so glad to see you.
You are the most beautiful thing I've ever heard.
Thanks for marrying me.
Baby Boy, let them take the picture.
Yeah, Baby Boy.
I had such a marvelous time.
Those dancers were so beautiful.
What about our post-nuptial wedding gossip reconnaissance, Mom?
It's your wedding night.
It was such a lovely wedding, darling.
Well... We could definitely use an extra body right about now.
The firm is opening an office right here in town, just in time for the holidays.
Thanks, Dad.
Thank you, Kieran.
That would be nice.
I love your baby!
Morning, Dad.
Morning, baby.
Come on, honey!
You're resourceful.
I promise.
I better hurry.
Chemistry is important.
Good afternoon.
Please.
Like you never ditched school.
Buy him a healthy snack.
Have a nice day.
Everything's going to be fine.
We'll get you cleaned up, you'll get into the program and... (to baby) Peek-a-boo! (to Drew) ... we'll both look back on this and laugh our butts off.
Come on, Drew.
Sixty dollars an hour for this -- (interrupting; covering) -- really nice place.
Blake Greer pulled this at the Sheraton after the prom.
Great.
Come to Mommy Parker.
(breathless) Wow.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Are you out of your mind?! It's only a little ways!
JUMP! (peeved) When competing in a dog show, best to bring one's dog along, yes?
Please!
Come on, get on your horse!
The rent-a-cop said the mutt's worth like 50 G's.
That makes it grand theft, my friend.
You didn't see a couple of blondes run past here, did you?
You girls best give yourselves up and tell 'em the story.
So we'll turn ourselves in right after the interview.
Better yet, he can see you during visitor's hours.
Thank you, Mr. Speedy.
(to phone) Hello, beautiful Doctor Lady.
I liked you.
And we're grateful for your help.
The mussels at lunch.
Drew... it's vitally important.
Please.
Please.
(no better idea) You have nice breath.
Thank you.
You didn't have the mussels at lunch, too, did you?
Yes? (Girl Voice throughout) If you want to see your dog alive again, listen closely.
Well, Mr. Fancy Pants.
Hey! Give me that dog!
I love your outfit.
Thank you.
Get cleaned up, a good night's sleep.
You turn understatement into an art.
Please?
I don't do too well with the whole rehearsal thing.
Well, thank you for saying that.
You're welcome.
Because I know how to have fun?
Better yet, I'll get over it.
Thanks for your time.
Thanks.
Hi, baby!
Is that a new outfit?
Thanks.
You're welcome.
But in a good way!
Why don't we go out and have some fun.
So, how'd you two meet the girls?
(simultaneously) A dance/A class.
Dance class, huh?
(shrugs) Audiences love happy endings.
This better be important, you pulled me out of session.
Don't look so surprised.
How'd you get past my dog? (cute) Boys like me.
Great.
Trust me.
(smiles) I gotta go to work.
Your child?
She's our child.
Your situation doesn't look good, sweetheart.
You need another cup of coffee -- (jumping up in great pain) Goddammit!
I have friends there.
Thank you.
He exists in a world beyond your world.
He lives a life where nothing is beyond him.
I fly to where I am to meet him.
It's Assistant Director Joy, he said it's important.
This is Roberts, I have a call from A.D. Joy.
Joy.
I'm happy with what I'm wearing.
Thanks.
Relax, Stanley.
I've been told the best crackers in the world could do this in sixty minutes.
(smiles) So Stan, tell me.
C'mon, you can do better than that.
Hey, sweetheart.
Me too, baby.
It's okay, baby.
You're asking for a lot of faith here, Ging, without givin' me any.
I'm a friendly girl.
Ginger kick your ass? (deadpan) Funny.
He's fucking amazing.
(beat) Look, this is a sweet deal.
It's just rough when you grow up lovin' James Bond movies.
You're on my good side and you want to stay there.
Trust you?
(sniffing in air) Ahh, the great American outdoors.
Great.
He's so downright happy in his confidence that he is on the fast track to political Valhalla, due to his handling of this Gabriel Shear debacle, he is whistling.
Smiling, he turns the key.
This is Kristine Jorgenson of Credit Suisse in Grand Cayman.
as the ball bearings bounce across the street and tap against the coffee shop.
That plane better be on the runway.
The right hand doesn't know what the left's doing.
Gabriel looks at the lights as they flicker back on, the huge portable GENERATOR springing to life.
(dryly) Great.
The headline reads, "U.S. SENATOR JAMES REISMAN (GEORGIA) Joy and Agent Thomas jump in a waiting car, ready to head toward the airport.
So sit back, think happy thoughts, and this will be over before you can say 'cat in the hat.' Gabriel, smiling, turns to Stanley.
It's the greatest good.
He smiles.
Listen... Faintly, we can hear powerful ROTORS APPROACHING.
Well why the fuck not.
Joy and Agent Thomas come SCREECHING up at the airport.
Joy walks over to the SWAT leader.
We're ready, sir.
Good -- (running up) -- sir... Yeah?
Bank right!
Blend in with the others.
Trust me.
(smiling) Misdirection... Gabriel's "face" smooshed against the glass door.
Cheer up, Stan, we got him.
You're a hero.
Hero.
Relax a little, you're lucky to be alive.
A WOMAN who looks surprisingly like Ginger with blonde hair and dark shades saunters into the Credit Suisse main bank in Monte Carlo.
The sexy Woman smiles.
Everything's fine.
Make their way to a new SUV with a thirty foot tricked out Airstream trailer stretched out behind it.
I deserve better than this.
Better'n me?
Better than what you give.
LAZ, I said let...! You better pray, gal.
You won't at the square this mornin'.
(makes change) You wanna tip me, best do it in butter beans.
Folks can dance when they want.
I'm gonna finish my beer.
It's not like I can't go out and have fun with my friends.
What's so funny?
(singing) I loved that woman, she said she didn't love no one but me.
I loved that woman, she said she didn't love no one but me.
(singing) Now my home ain't where it used to be.
I got others.
Mmmmmmmmmm... Mm! Sweet... Jesus... Little lady?
Get that chill out'cha.
It's good, Mister Melvin.
You just need a bit of faith.
That's better.
You travelin' right now, gal.
Well, I ain't gonna stop until I reach my God's top.
Soul got happy, I stayed all day.
(regaining his cool) Okay, now...
The seed that land on good soil is for them who hear the word of God... and understand the word of God.
I've seen it in nature, I've seen it in men.
No woman... who joins in union with Almighty God... or man... in the sanctity of marriage... should degrade herself... and bend to ANOTHER MAN'S WILL! (shouting) My God, gal, don't you got no SENSE?
There goes our fortune.
We been doin' good for ourselves since you been away.
But they gotta be nice.
Well, that makes it easier.
(unscrewing a jar) This one's my favorite.
Just wanted to say how much I appreciate you helping me the other day.
My niece, she's cured up, and I got you to thank.
Well that's good.
I'm happy to hear it.
You treat folks special when they company.
Don't go braggin' to ya buddies, ya heard me?
So... (a bonding smile) That your first time?
Thank you.
There's sin in my heart.
Not for peace at the end of my days when there's no more life to live and no more good to do, but today.
What's your heaven?
What gives you peace?
Please.
Well... I'm working on that.
Good.
I'm not fightin' with ya.
Amen.
I skipped lunch.
She gonna have a baby.
(holding up the glass) To my baby brother.
Well, that's good news.
(plays as he remembers) Funny how a sound just speak to ya heart.
(takes a drink) They's this one spring...
Sing, Lazarus.
My life is gone.
I had love in my heart.
(his lip quivers) Where am I gonna put all this love?
You can give it to me.
(kisses him) Please... Wait...
He couldn't breathe... his heart was... was givin' out.
Good to know, them butterflies still in ya gut.
See if them women sweet like mine.
(singing) I don't know, but I been told, them Georgia women sweet jelly roll.
(through tears and clenched teeth) Box of cereal... well, Goddamn... (looks at his trembling fists) Everybody keeps sayin' things to me take make me feel great.
(plucking, trying to find the right note) You... are my... sunshine.
Sun was shining.
Go'on and sing it, I'll play.
(surprised) Yes.
(the emotion really hits hard) Cuz I love him so much.
But my days are precious to me.
I want love in my life.
Got fresh 22's on her.
(hands Laz the keys) Ain't gonna have my girl ridin' no bus.
I'm good at it.
Congratulations, Mike.
You're like a totally amazing salesman.
Good morning, peeps.
I've been a salesman here 18 years.
Wendy's only been here 2 months!? Look, your sales are admittedly better but she has the college degree.
That's fantastic!
I'm proud of you.
Sound good?
Good to see you.
`Mouth is alive, with juices like wine, and I'm hungry like the wolf' You no longer have the right to invoke the "wolf."
Nice robe, guy.
First sign this old hag is on to us -so glad we chose this school.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, Julie.
Dad met mom in Thailand.
Listen, I appreciate what you did in class but, I already have a boyfriend.
Funny stuff.
High school's great, isn't it?
Funny, kid.
Extra cherries.
Mind your business, Lady.
This is a family matter.
Ready for tomorrow?
Was that- Did you see- I told you he was cute.
You girls are lesbians, right?
I'll tell you a funny story.
Please.
They met while dad was at Princeton.
It's a work in progress so you'll have to use your imagination some.
I have an amazing fountain being delivered that'll go here and a bench over there.
Nice to meet you.
kiss, hug.
The beach is for the older, cool kids.
If that boy was an apple he'd be delicious.
She's a good kid.
This year you're making the team.
Hey! That's enough!
Wuss! Hey, Alex. How you doin', buddy?
Good.
Good.
(turns to Mike, nudges Nice goin'.
Exciting, isn't it?
You smell great.
I promise.
You're so sweet.
Mom! Mom! SCARLET (o.s.) I'll be right out, Honey!
Thank you.
Why you didn't want me to be with Stan, the nice things you said in the library.
Maggie, listen to me.
You're a good guy.
I'm...I've been in love with the same girl since I was 17.
Tell your girlfriend she better keep a close eye on you.
The first game's in 2 weeks.
Oh my God, Alex! That's so incredible!
I'm so happy for you.
It's amazing.
Thank you.
You're going to love this wine.
I came here because I'm concerned about the wellbeing of your son but you don't care about Mark.
I had the craziest dream.
Listen to me, Maggie.
It's easy.
Now go get that kiss.
Tis I! Elf Princess Ariala of Jamroar.
Yes, your Honor.
Good job.
He's my husband's best friend.
Are you a lawyer, best friend?
Please.
Make it quick.
Thank you, your Honor.
You were reading `The Great Gatsby' and wearing a Guns N Roses T-shirt.
I'd never seen anything so perfect.
And at that dance you said you loved me.
Your Honor, Sir.
Alright, Ladies, bring it in!
Great.
It's good.
(smiles) Sorry to keep you.
Give me 365.
Good call.
(irritably) I said good call.
Marion saw life differently.
She was a romantic.
(laughs) I won't be that long.
(pleased) It's not just inner beauty, is it?
Come into my world.
I love you Jack, you know that.
And he half-loved Marion.
You've got such beautiful hands.
(fits herself into the uplift bra) Welcome to the cesspit.
You look fine.
The punters love it.
I loved it blond.
(dreamily) I'll see you in my dreams.
That way there are no comebacks.
(sweetly) Well, thank you anyway.
That Greek guy who won at the end.
Wise up, Jack, this whole business is bent.
I'm from Cape Town originally I was born in the Transkei, on the Wild Coast.
I loved the atmosphere.
(smiles) But I hope you do.
He didn't know why, but he'd started to dress for the casino at home... ... like a musician in his tuxedo, going to the concert hall on public transport... Animal!
(pleasantly) Goodnight.
It's funny, isn't it?
I'm happy being a dealer.
You're the best in the place.
Good night.
Thank you.
Good night.
Thank you, she said.
Good for you.
It's good to have the job to fall back on, isn't it?
You had a wonderful character before, the Gambler.
He was so romantic.
He's a winner.
You shopped me.
Last hand.
Beat that.Ha.
Not so fast, darling.
Good God, no.
Was that why you did the two grand?
(laughs) And I thought you were a bright woman.
(smiles) Robbery's not criminal?
(takes his hand) I trust you.
You'd be saving the life of a friend.
Ten grand.
The book is yours not mine.
It's none of my business what you write.
I love you.
I have a new number.
Thank you.
You're offering me ten grand in cash but you can't afford a decent place.
Well, life's not fair.
(touches her eye) Oh, yes.
It's better.
He questioned the conventional wisdom that gamblers are self- destructive...
I was in love with her, you know.
Cheers.
Happy New Year.
Nice car.
It was finally finished.
It gave him a good feeling, no one knowing... ...It never occurred to anyone at the Casino that the Golden Lion had been his model.
Weren't all casinos the same.... ...It gave him an exquisite pleasure, being an underground man.
Sun City.
(smiles) How are you?
Great.
Cup cakes, individually decorated gingerbread men, bite-sized apple strudels, gooey fudge balls, mini- muffins as well as your traditional fare.
Thanks for the encouragement.
Well, how much for... It's a shammy.
I'll see you first thing tomorrow.
(Beat) It's a good word.
Oh yes.
Next morning.
It's such a beautiful dress.
I love it too.
(Whispering) Thank you!
One thing that came up in the meeting with HQ this morning.
But they haven't spoken in years.
This is so good Mrs P. In all the years, I never stopped thinking about you or your food.
I'm going to eat him he's so cute.
Sweet baby James.
You loved to fight.
Thank you for phoning me.
I'm so grateful.
Seeing you behave like a spoilt brat will do that perfectly well.
KATIE has designer dress bags and shoes.
You'll love it!
We'll laugh.
Good times.
Hello my old friends.
Young.
Happy days.
We'll make it homely.
We met at your office, the other day.
For the love of God.
Inomine patre, Spiritu, Sanctu... etc, etc. Got to love a downturn.
I'm liberating myself of my last 25 grand on a disused chip shop.
Like a real profit.
Came to London for a fresh start.
I watch trends.
Sweet dreams.
She was beautiful.
And she was very kind to me.
I'd have made her laugh, Uncle Spiro.
You make me laugh.
Say the magic release poem!
No... Theo Papadopoulos is a hippopotamus, who's always making such a fuss from his top to bottomus!!! KATIE and JAMES tickle THEO who squeals with delight.
You were holding a baby.
Well, you were only a boy.
JAMES knocks and enters with a cup of tea.
You're such a sweet boy.
Your stammer is getting better.
We then see him walk off with a box of plants.
The radio plays Greek music.
Thank you.
It is the holidays.
It doesn't sound very good.
It's the holidays.
Natural resources is a good buy.
You were my brother.
You were more than a brother.
Every week something new.
And she made me forgive you.
Elizabeth was so good to me.
It's an important meeting.
We should point out the new approach.
It's going to be worth a fortune.
Please.
I love your halloumi!
Sharing a cup of tea.
You're amazing.
MEHMET and KATIE start kissing again.
Pickled onions are being poured into the European Entrepreneur vase.
Fresh fish.
Lovely hot chips.
She then serves a Mum holding hands with a child, with another child in a pushchair.
HASSAN drinks a cup of tea.
When we were friends.
He sips his tea.
It's easy.
Well, I don't.
HASSAN finishes his tea.
At this moment THEO comes in with a camera and takes a photo of the three men sitting together.
Say cheese!
Music continues.
It's good.
They were good times Spiro.
A good life.
SPIROS smiles.
Music continues.
As the camera tracks back we see it is KATIE's hand.
We cut to HARRY's POV and see a beautiful roof garden packed with plants and life.
But they're also very happy to grow here as well.
The family embrace.
Good day at school?
That is fantastic.
And that feels good.
When I lock up my shop at night, it feels good.
Together we rode on the wave of my preternatural ambition to superstardom, giving the world a new god... me.
Good evening.
Excellent makeup job.
It's time to share myself with the world.
Your album just topped all kinds of sales records.
(smiles, giving away nothing) After calling one stone tomb home sweet home for so long, I like to experience as much diversity as I can.
(smiles) The casket...
He smiles at the journalists.
But have you listened to his songs?
And it had a reputation for dealing with black magic.
Oh, the sweet song of her blood.
Yeah, I'm great.
(looks up, eyes sparkling) Yes.
The detail is amazing.
Good work.
Oh you're gonna love this.
Thank you for this.
My pleasure.
Now you and I'll meet when you're done...
Welcome.
Life is brief, but for you...
You saved me.
(a beat, surprised at her brazenness) Well, I can fix that.
My diary.
Talamasca's been following me for years.
I delight in it.
It has outdistanced my wildest dreams of it.
I scream of good and evil, and mortals stand and cheer.
(giggling) Damn straight... Hey, do you remember that cute guy's name at the Kid Rock concert?
To your liking?
There were things Marius was not yet ready to teach me... and Marius and I parted ways.
They're... alive.
Lestat, listen to me!
I have watched over Akasha and her King for 2000 years!
You are part of a great coven!
Please!
As we PULL BACK again, and RISE UP INTO the sky, a LESTAT SONG begins to play and magically we are in the MUSIC and with a visual splash we are... MOVING SWIFTLY ACROSS the globe with the MUSIC -- as we CUT ACROSS the world INTO the west and INTO...
where LESTAT'S MUSIC plays from SPEAKERS in a shop window.
From out of the dirt, a beautiful teenage boy stands naked...
The VAMPIRE KHAYMAN offers the driver a polite smile.
A god again walks the earth.
begins to sensually kiss Jesse's neck.
She stirs awake to see -- the face of Akasha, her green eyes flashing bright.
A figure moves towards him... glowing, beautiful, majestic.
She smiles at all the undead staring at her. Hello... Her eyes sweep the room, taking in every inch, searching, then she hears a Vampire Lestat VIDEO PLAYING.
As if with a new idea, smiles at him, moves to the dance floor, moving to LESTAT'S MUSIC, her eyes closed, swaying sensually, her hips gyrating.
They move to the dance floor, watching.
Akasha opens her eyes, smiles at them, then turns to Vampire Lover, points to him, beckons.
He smiles back, happy to be chosen, moves onto the dance floor.
She dances a little farther away.
He laughs.
He hears a LAUGH.
She laughs.
He turns... She's dancing across the floor now.
Vampire Lover's smile is not so friendly now.
He smiles, shudders with a rush of desire.
On Vampire Lover's face, pure pleasure... Then again, you could always do this... Akasha sinks her fangs into his neck and at the same time, plunges her hand down.
In her hand, she now holds... ... his dripping heart.
(smiles, to herself) Oh, I do love the 21st Century.
In a whispery, sing-song voice.
You were to watch over Akasha and Khayman.
KHAYMAN, the desert vampire, in Egyptian dress along with PANDORA, the dark-haired beauty in her sari, ARMAND, the boy sage, in his Mesopotamian robes.
She is beautiful with long red hair, alabaster skin.
Khayman, Maharet, to what do I owe this honor?
(giving deep, sexy laugh) He's quite the devil, isn't he?
Alright! Jesse breaks into a smile.
(an excited whisper) I don't care.
Opening her eyes for a moment, Jesse watches the world whiz past her at incredible speed and suddenly -- they stop on a dime.
She laughs, intoxicated by the experience.
Lestat laughs, impressed by her bravado.
Her trust.
For a moment she laughs like a child.
He wants to kiss her.
She stares, impressed.
(gazes at her) You see, we love our victims.
Love?
No, although the taste is so rich and sweet.
Love is the essence of the dark gift.
Lestat and Jesse quietly move among the trees.
A couple of lovers moving across the meadow.
You see now? Are you ready?
Lestat stretches out with his eyes closed as the sounds of the DRUMMING crowd begin to make the whole van shudder.
Lestat emerges from his honey-wagon, splendid in his concert costume.
He smiles like a father at them.
A stunned moment.
who smiles to himself.
The pulsing strain moves into a faster beat as the whole place resonates with the most incredible harmonics, the energy throbbing, the crowd almost genuflecting in front of this papal devil.
Lestat holds the place in the palm of his hand.
Goth girls in the front row, weeping... Maudy, James and Alex off in the clouds, playing the best music of their lives.
The place has gone wild, living off its own energy now as waves of sound bounce through the valley band up into the night sky.
He eyes the coven-assassins here and there and sings straight to them.
The covens need no more encouragement as they begin to move through the crowd toward the stage.
The crowd cheers at the sudden appearance of the figure on stage, loving the show.
Lestat grins at Marius.
watch from their rocks.
Armand is enjoying the show.
They are only... food.
Akasha scans the faces of the other Ancient Ones, staring deep into their souls.
Akasha sees Khayman glance at the family tree.
She crosses to the family tree, traces the names down to one.
Do you love me?
Smiling, she bites her lip, letting a drop of blood glisten there, tempting Lestat.
For me. (to the Ancients) I've had enough of this 'great family.'
Maharet is hurled against a pillar, pinned by Akasha's hand.
Maharet stops, standing fixed with the sound of Jesse's newly strong and calm voice.
(smirking) How sweet... Lestat moves closer and closer to her, gazes into her eyes, hesitates for a moment, then continues on... Jesse watches him with absolute love.
Good-bye, great family.
Nice to meet you, Jackie.
JACKIE [Smiling] It works!
[Beat] Thanks.
Are you aware we have no last name, no place of residence, and no record of any physical presence for these "friends" of yours?
I've gotten a lot of convictions we could overturn with that logic... Sergeant Starks was awarded the Purple Heart.
[Beat] It applauds honor.
Does that make you uncomfortable?
Don't you have somewhere to be? Ah, man, look, It's A Wonderful Life.
[Smiling] And it is the season for giving so let's get to it.
They don't eat you when there's music playing. 1) C.U.
A black and white PHOTOGRAPH 4) EXT.
DESERT, IRAQ: A sublime sunset...
If you're deaf, read my lips...I don't need a psycho following me today.
Good.
[Beat] Thanks.
Great, get in.
That's great.
Yeah, thanks.
Merry Christmas to you, too.
Great.
That was one of my good glasses!
It's Christmas Eve.
His body was found New Year's Day, 19...1993.
At Alpine... STARKS [Finishing for her] Alpine Grove.
Please... Happy Birthday.
So it's helping?
[Cutting in] MacKenzie, listen to me.
STARKS [Smiling] Well, no shit, Einstein.
It's nice to meet you, Mr. Starks...
How did he help?
Ok fine.
I only saw it as part of my own life.
[Beat] Whose life is that good?
STARKS [Nodding] It's Sunday.
They've got lives to be grateful for.
He's your friend's son, right?
You'll figure it out and you'll do good by him.
A little far out there, but easy enough.
Good.
Good.
Can I help you?
Nice to see you.
Happy New Year to both of you.
Thanks.
You are young.
Todd continues quietly: There was a barber and his wife, And she was beautiful, A foolish barber and his wife, She was his reason and his life, And she was beautiful, And she was virtuous.
Todd walks with his beautiful wife LUCY through a crowded flower market, a colorful explosion of blossoms.
Todd is almost unrecognizable to us, content and smiling.
Happy.
There was another man who saw That she was beautiful, A pious vulture of the law, Who with a gesture of his claw Removed the barber from his plate.
The Beadle is a large man, his florid nature and pink, powdered face never quite disguising his lethality.
And we return to... Music continues.
I owe you my life, Anthony.
Until then, my friend.
He offers his hand.
Yet it has a strange, ghostly presence to it.
Todd finally strides to the shop and enters... Behind the dusty counter is... MRS.
But good?
Sir? Oh, yes ... such practices ... the geishas of Japan ... the concubines of Siam .. the catamites of Greece ... the harlots of India ... I have them all here ... Drawings of them .... JUDGE (cont'd) (he turns again to Anthony) ... All the vile things you've done with your whores.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, From now on you can waken at ease.
(A woman gasps, he smiles and wiggles a finger no) On the top of my head.
I am Adolfo Pirelli, Da king of da barbers, da barber of kings, E buon giorno, good day, I blow you a kiss!
(to the crowd) The finest in England.
Friends, who's for a free shave?
Glad, as always, to oblige my friends and neighbors (to the crowd) ... Let the challenge commence!
(while mixing furiously) Now, signorini, signori, We mix-a da lather But first-a you gather Around, signorini, signori, You looking a man Who have had-a da glory To shave-a da Pope.
Not just-a da flash, It take-a panache, It take-a da passion For da art.
(feeling the customer's cheek) Smooth as a baby's arse! -- (to Todd) - - Well done, dear! (a profound bow) Sir, I bow to a skill far defter than my own.
And may the good Lord smile on you -- (a quick stab of a smile) -- Until we meet again.
I thank you for your honest adjudication, sir.
(taking his hand) Thank you, my friend.
And so you might remember to be more forthright in the future, you'll be handing over half your profits to me, share and share alike... ... Mr. Benjamin Barker.
Like to see a man with a healthy appetite.
Reminds me of my dear Albert, like to gorge himself to bloatation, he did.
You better run after him.
He's a great one for the lashings.
(a sudden inspiration) I know -- why don't you tell Mrs. Lovett I said to give you a nice big tot of gin? (leaps up) Gin, sir?! Thanking you kindly, sir! You're a Christian indeed!
His hands were quick, his fingers strong.
Thank you, your Honor.
I am honored, my lord.
What more, what more can man require-- Than love, sir?
More than love, sir.
Now then, my friend.
Patience, enjoy it.
In their gardens... Letter-writing... Flower-picking... Weather-watching... How they make a man sing!
Easy now.
Hush, love, hush.
And I'll never see Johanna, No, I'll never hug my girl to me-- Finished!
Come and visit Your good friend, Sweeney--!
Such a nice plump frame Wot's-his-name Has... Had... Has... Nor it can't be traced.
How delectable!
For what's the sound of the world out there?
The history of the world, my love-- Save a lot of graves, Do a lot of relatives favors... --Is those below serving those up above.
Finest in the shop.
Have charity towards the world, my pet-- Yes, yes, I know, my love-- We'll take the customers that we can get.
High-born and low, my love.
There you'll sample Mrs. Lovett's meat pies, Savory and sweet pies, As you'll see.
Right, mum! Quick, now!
God, that's good!
Nice to see you, dearie... How have you been keeping?... Cor, me bones is weary!
God, that's good!
I could up me prices-- I'm a little leery... Business Couldn't be better, though-- God, that's good!
What's your pleasure, dearie?
Don't you love a garden?
Always makes me teary... (Looking back at the freeloader) Must be one them foreigners-- God, that's good that is delicious!
Things like being Careful with your coriander, That's what makes the gravy grander--!
(To the customer as Toby shoos the Beggar Woman away again) Lookin' sort of beery-- Oh, well, got her comeuppance-- (Hawklike, to a rising customer) And that'll be thruppence -- and God that's good that is de have you So she should.
Licious ever tasted smell such Oh my God what more that's pies good!
Bless my eyes--!
Fresh supplies!
God watches over us.
Didn't have an inkling... Positively eerie... (simultaneous with above) Is that a pie Fit for a king, A wondrous sweet And most delectable Thing?
You see, ma'am, why There is no meat pie-- (simultaneous with above) Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! Yum! Toby! Throw the old woman out!
God, that's good that is de have you Licious ever tasted smell such Oh my God what perfect more that's Pies such flavor God, that's good!!
And you'd be beautiful and pale, And look too much like her.
(she massages his neck) We got a nice respectable business now, money coming in regular and -- since we're careful to pick and choose -- only strangers and such like wot won't be missed -- who's going to catch on?
(Kisses him) What I dream-- (Again) If the business stays as good, Where I'd really like to go-- (No response) In a year or so... (No response) Don't you want to know? (couldn't care less) Of course.
Oh, it seems like such a grand place... (notes Toby flying his kite) And all that fresh aquatic air's bound to be good for the lad's poxy lungs...
By the sea, Mr. Todd, That's the life I covet; By the sea, Mr. Todd, Ooh, I know you'd love it!
With the sea at our gate, We'll have kippered herring Wot have swum to us straight From the Straits of Bering.
We'll grow old together By the seaside, (Beckons to Todd to join them) Hoo! Hoo!
By the beautiful sea! It'll be so quiet That who'll come by it Except a seagull?
By the sea, in our nest, We could share our kippers With the odd paying guest From the weekend trippers, Have a nice sunny suite For the guest to rest in-- Now and then, you could do the guest in-- By the sea.
Married nice and proper, By the sea-- Bring along your chopper To the seaside, Hoo! Hoo!
By the beautiful sea! Brought you some breakfast, dear, farm fresh eggs and a dollop of lovely clotted cream, only the best for my...
She had yellow hair.
And life will just pass right by ... Life is for the alive, my dear.
But I've circled the place a dozen times.
They get their hair from the lunatics at Bedlam-- I don't understand-- We shall set you up as a wigmaker in search of hair -- that will gain you access -- then you will take her.
He continues on to Mrs. Lovett, who is clearing up the remains of a meal in the outdoor garden.
She pulls Pirelli's chatelaine purse from her dress-- That's Signor Pirelli's purse!
No, no, love -- this is just something Mr. T. give me for my birthday-- See that proves it -- what I been thinkin'-- (He stands, urgently pulling her hand) We gotta go, ma'am, right now -- we gotta find the Beadle and get the law here-- She pulls him down to her again, agitated, her mind racing: Hush now, Toby, hush ... Here, you just sit next to me nice and quiet ... (calming) ... How could you think such a thing of Mr. Todd, who's been so good to us?
He calms down a bit as she holds him.
(He leans into her) Demons'll charm you With a smile For a while, But in time Nothing's gonna harm you, Not while I'm around.
But we see that her gentle song has calmed him.
(softly) Funny we should be having this little chat right now ... 'Cause I was just thinkin', you know how you've always fancied coming into the bakehouse with me to help make the pies?
And we finally enter...
You pop in the meat, give it a good grind and it comes out here.
(practicing with the grinder) Good grind, comes out there.
He is standing at a rack of cooling pies.
He moves to one of the cells and unlocks it: I keep the blondes over here.
Smile for the gentleman and you shall have a sweetie.
Not my intention, good madam, though I am here on official business.
(touches his hair) Oh, not a pomade at all! Me secret is a touch of ambergris.
And we'll finish you off with a nice facial rub of bay rum.
She with no pity ... (slowing, looking at him more closely) ...in her heart... Out of here!
Thank heavens the sailor did not molest her.
She has? Oh yes, sir, your lesson was well learned.
(excited) Oh, excellent, my friend!
The music builds dangerously as: How seldom it is one meets a fellow spirit!
The music continues...
The Judge's fingers finally relax their grip; he is dead.
He was clutching, holding on to my dress, but he's finished now...
Music continues and builds as: Oh no! ... Oh God ... "Don't I know you?" she said ...
(passionately) Yes, I lied 'cos I love you!
I love you!
He steps toward her, she steps back, unsure, as they sing simultaneously: No, come here, my love...
Finally she gives him a grim little smile and disappears into the darkness.
And we cut to-- A series of images from earlier in our story, cut to the music -- Todd's life flashing before his eyes -- The images building as the music races toward its conclusion-- Todd singing -- slashing -- smiling -- striding-- The final crash of music at the final image: Todd kneeling, hunched over the pool of blood on the bakehouse floor.
Well...well.
Crystal... Good.
We'll get the prom queen-- impregnated!
Well hey Sporto!
So...so! (to Andrew and Claire) Are you guys like boyfriend/girl- friend?
(laughs) (to Bender) Sounds like you... Look, you guys keep up your talking and Vernon's gonna come right in here...I got a meet this Saturday and I'm not gonna miss it on account of you boneheads... (to Andrew) Oh and wouldn't that be a bite... Missing a whole wrestling meet!
What a funny guy! Fix the door Bender!
(to Claire) Watch it, young lady...
Good! 'Cause it's gonna be filled, we'll keep goin'!
You like your old man better than your mom?
No I just wanna know how one becomes a janitor because Andrew here, is very interested in persuing a career in the custodial arts... Oh, really?
Maybe so, but following a broom around after shitheads like you for the past eight years I've learned a couple of things...I look through your letters, I look through your lockers...I listen to your conversations, you don't know that but I do...I am the eyes and ears of this institution my friends.
Here... Well I think the cafeteria would be a more suitable place for us to eat lunch in, sir!
I mean if he had a great personality and was a good dancer and had a cool car...Although you'd probably have to ride in the back seat 'cause his nuts would ride shotgun.
Uh, no, Mr. Johnson... Ahhh.... Here's my impression of life at big Bri's house... (in a loud and friendly voice) Son! (in a kiddie voice) Yeah Dad? (loud) How's your day, pal? (kiddie) Great Dad, how's yours?
(loud) Super, say son, how'd you like to go fishing this weekend?
(kiddie) Great Dad, but I've got homework to do! (loud) That's alright son, you can do it, on the boat!
Everything's polluted, everything's polluted...the coffee.
You'll see how God damned funny he is!
For better hallway vision!
You make book on that missy!
Good... Good, what's up?
But I think that her's goes beyond, you know, what guys like you and me... consider normal unsatisfying... Nevermind...forget it, everything's cool!
What's the deal?
The girl is an island, with herself.
Well, the first few times... First few times?
No! Doesn't it bother you to sleep around without being in love.
I don't screw to get respect...That's the difference between you and me...
And the next thing I knew, I uh, I jumped on top of him and started wailing on him...And my friends, they just laughed and cheered me on.
Win! WIN!!!"
...play Heart & Soul on the piano.
Okay, but you have to swear to God you won't laugh...I can't believe I'm actually doing this... Everyone claps.
Good!
Well I didn't do it, did I? No, I don't think so!
You're laughing at me... No! Yeah you are! Brian?
(with pride) Oh, well...
We trust you... Yeah...
This looks a lot better...look up.
Cool! (smiling) Thank you!
(to Carl) See you next Saturday...
In the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions.
We'll be right here, right with you.
Hit it, Nick! Go Nick! Hit it, baby!!! (chanting) Do it, Nick! Do it!
Easy... 'At's it, easy!
Easy, Nick... Easy! (sincerely) I do.
I do, I do, I do!!! (reading, slow) "This is it -- more or less... Love, Mom." Oh, wow.
My beautiful boy!
Is your heart so uncaring?
So do I. (watches Nick for a minute) I want to be ready...
I like the ways the trees are, all the different ways the trees are too.
Who's got a pin? (crosses) Linda... Hi. (forces a smile) Nick, your shoes are soaking.
"Blessed be the Kingdom... now and forever unto Ages and Ages... "For everyone that does evil hates the light, and does not come to the light, lest his deeds will be reproved."
"The servant of God, Sal, is crowned for the servant of God Angela, in the Name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
Amen." "The servant of God, Angela, is crowned for the servant of God, Sal, in the Name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.
Amen."
(to Linda with great solicitude) Would you like a beer?
Miller's High Life.
(laughs) It's okay, Merle.
Great.
That's great.
(nods) Good... Pass the beer.
It's ahead, by the tree.
I fixed you up a million times, Merle! (to the others) I fixed him up a million times!
That way BLAM!
If you are brave and lucky I can make you rich.
A great deal of money.
(smiles) But I am always... how do you say... looking out for those who do...
(smiles) La creme de la creme... How did you obtain release?
(smiles) To the girl who waits.
Three cheers for the red, white and blue... Whadda welcome!
Will you lookit... Whadda welcome!
Keep going.
Hey, now listen.
Now keep going!
I mean you're driving everybody nuts! (singing raggedly) Three cheers for the red, white and blue...! (to LINDA) You okay?
Nice going!
Good going, Nick!
You did good, boy; you did fine!
Damn good, boy!
Did his part and he did it good!
Nick! Hey, Nick! (gives him a big hug) Boy! Boy oh boy! Are you okay?
Hey, I'm fine.
She's out of her tree, Nick.
She is straight out of her tree.
So familiar.
I'm glad.
Nick, he's fine.
That's wonderful.
Well, I was past that mole, way past that mole, and I was -- (coming after them) Nice shootin', you guys.
Sweet!
Oh, that is sweet!
She does!!! (shrieking) Say that one more time!... Say it!!! Go on, say it!!! Nick! Nick, you'll kill him!... Easy.
Nick, easy!
God, he was such a beauty--!
... Merle's alive?
(enthusiastically) Yeah!
Please!
Top secret.
Topmost secret.
Quiet!... Quiet!!!... Awright, everybody, Nick has a few words.
He saved Sal's... What Merle liked, he liked things right...
We can do better.
What I'm saying is that I love it!
It's great.
The land of the perpetual night- party.
And for God's sake, don't pity me.
BOBBY (cont'd) (sing-song) I'm ready for you this time.
You're welcome.
Yummy.
Thank you.
Again, I thank you.
You know how I make that song melancholy when I play it?
No. Right here on the beach.
We'll get eaten alive.
Thanks for not judging me.
That's ... 25 grand.
You introduce me to your boy, I'll cut you five grand out of my take.
Fresh blue finish, deluxe grips, 5 inch barrel, 37 ounces, guaranteed to shoot 1 1/2 groups at a distance of 50 yards.
Nice meeting you.
President Kennedy waving to the crowd, his lovely wife looking radiant beside him as they turn into Dealey Plaza ... POOH-BEAR (cont'd) Stand by, gentlemen.
Good job, boys.
Good job.
(ad-libbing) - Cool. - Yeah.
OSWALD (cont'd) J.F.K.'s still alive.
The good stuff.
He is a national treasure.
And the colored girls sing doot-de-doot ....
I said hey sugar, take a walk on the wild side ... KUJO (cont'd) Now here's the beautiful part.
Thanks anyway.
Thanks.
Come on, cheer up.
COLETTE (cont'd) Is that simple enough for you?
You happy?
I love you and I'm sorry.
Trust me.
We're safe.
COLETTE (cont'd) That's nice.
I think that crank is finally starting to get the best of you.
If everyone is happy, we'll do the big deal later in the week.
Comin' down from a 10 day ride.
(laughing nervously) Come on, guys ... Big Bill.
Don't make for a happy weasel.
He's clean.
Please.
Good work, Flynne.
That's real sweet, Garcetti.
Thanks.
We got the 411 on your good old boy.
Ass first into the world.
They laugh.
First door on the right.
Good for you Jimmy.
You're a good man.
Did you see his hair color?
But they did everything by the book.
I knew that if these were the guys I was looking for, I'd have to set up a deal so sweet, they wouldn't be able to walk away from it.
These guys are smart.
Hey, you did the right thing.
They have eaten your ass alive.
Can you do me a favor?
You're good, princess.
I'll give you that.
(beat) God damn, you're beautiful.
Avenging Angel, Judas, loving husband, prodigal son, prince of Denmark.
Good for Tom.
Eyebrows raised and jaws dropped all over Hollywoodland when the terms of the deal that lured The Great Orson came forth: the Boy Wonder could produce, write, direct and star in his own projects with budgets up to $500,000 a picture!
He toured the RKO studio and met with the biggest of the big!
He charmed his way through the town from the Brown Derby to the Copacabana, from the Pacific Palisades to the Hollywood Hills!
He even charmed those rival maidens of Hollywood gossip, those well- coiffured chroniclers of the dream factory: Hedda Hopper and Louella Parsons.
Orson is the sweetest boy.
(eagerly) Ooh, dish.
Those are the hands of an artist.
Aren't you a wonderful girl?
But deep down, he's a good kid.
Listen, you come down and stay with us for a few days.
"In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree. . .
Jesus Yeah, it's the place God would have built, if he'd had the money.
Mankie, Mankie d-d-dance with me You've been naughty, haven't you, honey?
Not you too (smiles) It's gonna be fine, Orson.
You're gonna do great.
Of not being a genius (smiles) Oh, but haven't you heard?
I've been a genius since the moment I was born.
As if I could hope to pacify you with evasions of-- Don't insult me with your cute press quotes Save it for Louella.
Listen ... I've got it!
A journey into the soul of the beast.
This better be good Image a man that has shaped his time.
Just stop Now remember he's a public figure who sought out that publicity so legally he can't stop us from-- (laughs coldly) Listen to you.
You child!
When I was a kid I wanted to scorch the world too - - I had all kinda dreams about making great pictures and telling great stories.
Been keeping notes on him for years for my ... (he laughs bitterly) great American novel.
We'll dance to the music of the angels.
We'll make history.
Thank God you don't write dialogue So, who is he?
White dress.
Was there a moment early on -- of innocence and bliss?
He loves in his own way.
I'm ready to write it, Orson Leiand: "You talk about the people as if you owned them.
Craig: "A toast then, Jedediah, to all those people who didn't vote for me today and to love on my own terms.
Okay, make that, Craig: "A toast, Jedediah, to love on my own terms.
Telegram from The Christ Child "Schaefer loves the idea.
Start writing.
Love you madly, Orson."
Toland, you are the finest cinematographer in Hollywood, why would you desire to work with a stumbling neophyte?"
Orson, that's all terribly interesting but what's all this about you and Dolores Del Rio? Do I hear love birds a'singin'?
Listen, get off your horse with me.
Now don't have a fit -- but I want you to think again about doing WAR OF THE WORLDS- Jesus Do WAR OF THE WORLDS as a feature and everyone's happy.
You make some money and New York's happy and you have a track record and then we'll move on to Please don't ask me to do this.
Say thank you, Orson.
For the title (smiles) Ah, it's a grand title.
We're going to do this because it's going to be fun.
You will weave the magic of "Rosebud" in a single word - - you will say the word in such a way as to impart to us the mystery of it.
Yeah Thanks, doll.
He showed me the world, he took me with him everywhere -- Europe, China -- and he was so proud of me.
You just want to persuade people that you love them so much that they ought to love you back.
Only you want love on your own terms.
" "A toast then, Jedediah, to love on my own terms.
Good morning, good morning. . .
(she smiles) . . .
See ya tonight!
(she smiles wickedly) ... I just don't understand why Louella hasn't told you it ' s all about you. . .
Yes, oh yes . . .
My pleasure, sir.
Oh god "You'll continue with your singing, Susan.
The jigsaw puzzles and the, urn, career -- the man spending a fortune to make her a star -- only it's opera and not movies.
Thank you for your time Thank you, sir.
I pay you a good deal of money to be my eyes and ears in Hollywood, do I not?
If you cannot provide this simple service you are of no use to me.
Not a very good picture I am told.
Thank you, Joseph.
The crimson sun is behind him so his shadow stretches toward us.
He is a simple man wearing a simple robe.
Don't real Americans deserve work?" (laughs) Well, at least she's off KANE today No she's not.
The tribe, baby.
Me, I'm proud to be a Jew, I got no problem.
They were all on the old man's yacht taking a nice jaunt from Pedro down to San Diego.
Nice and quiet and Ince was cremated lickety-split.
It was right after this that Hearst gives Louella her life-time contract.
The movie's made They won't let it out.
.. ACCOUNTANTS We're ready.
Well at least in the movie he married her!
AGENT McCABE (crisply) Thank you for your time, Mr. Mankiewicz.
And he was going to make me a star.
Thinking like that is only gonna drive you nuts You were a great star and you had a good run.
Well, this is a great pleasure.
That was a fine picture!
It's your movie -- but it's his life!
I started out as a gold-digger, ya know But goddamn if I didn't fall in love with the guy.
It's probably the greatest motion picture ever made.
Relax, Walt, at least he don't have you screwing Snow White.
Give over.
Thank you for your time.
We can't keep it a secret, sir.
Now, during the rehearsal for the benefit tonight Orson banished everyone from the club so he could proceed in utmost secrecy.
"I'll get married and I'll buy a girl, So darn pretty that your head will swirl "Swimming in highballs-- Stewed to the eyeballs-- "Just disgustingly rich! (seriously) He truly doesn't care if he ever works again.
"Ev'ry summer I will sail the sea, On my little yacht the Normandie, Pet my little dachshund friends, Kiss Louella's big rear end, Just disgustingly rich.
"He'll be photographed with Myrna Loy, Just to prove he is a glamour boy.
"I've flown around the world in a plane, I've settled revolutions in Spain, And the North Pole I have charted, Still I can't get started with you... "On the golf course I'm under par, Metro Goldwyn has asked me to star, I've got a house, a show place, Still I can't get no place with you.
(gently) Ah, Miss Davies, the times we have seen See, this is the Great Salt Lake -- we do the baptism here.
Great scene where John the Baptist pulls your head out of the water and says, "Look up, and behold your destiny" Is that from one of the Gospels?
But listen- Look, not a single scene shot in the studio!
I would be pleased to get you tickets.
Elegant words, sir, when you have made your name and your fortune on slander and innuendo and gossip.
It's my birthday this week.
Happy birthday.
Relax, George.
It's gonna go great.
Trust me.
It was fun, wasn't it?
(quietly) It was the best, kid So, on to the Life Of Christ!
I got the axe this morning.
Upbeat stories with a community slant.
It's...an anniversary present.
Anniversary of our friendship.
It's because we're happy.
QUOYLE (BIG grin) You're havin' a baby!
Friday night.
Would next week be better?
Wanted her to be happy.
The good.
Please.
The good n... Well.
Your wife was in a red Geo which went through a guardrail over the Chesapeake Bay Bridge.
Of her friend.
They're being nice and patient.
They look better this way.
They have great bodies.
I look good in blue.
QUOYLE (smiles) Well.
I look good in shoes.
Poems, baby photos, household tips, and a gossip column, under the byline of Junior Sugg, that is pretty much straight libel.
He writes the only stuff anybody actually reads.
NUTBEEM (smiling) Which bloody Card rewrites in a mystical tongue most charitably referenced as an unacquireable taste.
Now what's funnier, Quoyle?
NUTBEEM (gentle smile) Still in progress, old bean.
This is great stuff.
I'm a fisherman in my soul.
Turns out Dennis and his wife send their little girl to this wonderful saintly woman.
I write for the newspa... Well.
Pardon our antiquated emphasis on individuality and the freedom to have fun.
First tool of a quality reporter.
She has wonderful.
BILLY (has to smile) Yer know, I never notic... Ever seen anything like her? QUOYLE (politely) No sir, your wife is very lovl...
When you marry a tour guide.
And the best custom yacht upholsterer in the Northern Hemisphere just moved here.
Be nice in yer story, she's payin' for a piece of this house.
Two good workers.
But Dawn... Dawn's young and on the sexy side.
Can I help?
You look better with 'em on.
You do look good in blue.
(to Quoyle) Good.
It's nice to fit a man.
Snuck off in the night, they did.
It's a skill, she's proud of it.
And she looks good in blue.
And she wears a key for a good luck charm.
I love that little girl.
And give it to Aunt Agnis to make up for those Staties who didn't pay h... BUNNY (means business) Then don't.
To be friends, okay?
And friends.
QUOYLE (calm) Sweetie.
QUOYLE (reads) More than 3000 tankers proudly ride the world's seas.
Good.
You're in heaven.
I'm in heaven.
Someday you'll do somethin' nice for me.
Hadda lash it to th' rock.
That baby she was carryin'.
Great!
Now, listen to this for t'morrow.
Prizes in the ponds.
Love is the only thing that counts.
QUOYLE (a murmur) It's the engine of life.
WAVEY (so pleased) Well, you can't be surprised.
It was so big, I thought it was a tea cozy for your car.
You'll grow into it.
Giving me presents.
One Christmas with Petal, I gave her eleven things.
And watched her open them up.
Thank you.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas.
Have worked hard to bring you the best pageant ever.
She's as good as mine.
Two strong boys.
Woulda been a thrill for the Christians among' em.
Well, then we got good news for th...
Good ones.
I love you.
And you love me.
I'd be real grateful.
Happy New Year, Mr. Quoyle.
I say, y'have t'love a woman.
Who's in touch with her inner chicken.
To how much we love him...
And how we should be good to each other.
Did Jack proud.
Thanks.
That's a funny thing to say.
That's something the world is always teaching us.
I'm thanking your daddy.
Welcome home.
I'll do whatever I can to help.
His inner sanctum.
(looks up at portrait) He was a good man.
He succeeded.
I loved him deeply.
It's better that way.
(into phone) Hello, honey, it's me.
(listens) I'm fine, how are you?
Those are for her birthday.
I love you.
When everything's happy, when life's fine and you have every reason to believe there's a God, you don't bother.
(listens) The way it's going I'm about ready to pack my bags... listening ... (through headphones) ... I've got a feeling the person I'm looking for came out here and got swallowed up by the place.
Give Cinderella a kiss for me and tell her I love her, alright?
(listens) Goodnight.
Nice picture.
Good for you.
I want a good look, so if you've got that kind of connection, great.
Four hundred a week, off the books.
Sounds good, pops.
Your education begins tonight.
They pump out 150 videos a week.
America loves pornography.
She was the kindest, sweetest girl you'd ever want to meet.
" Celebrity Films Inc., Eddie Poole, " This is better.
Excellent.
If you could bag it, I'll be on my way, thank you.
This is good stuff, Jimbo...
He loves what he does for a living.
Make yourself comfortable.
It's an honor to meet you.
Thank you for seeing us.
I'm a great admirer of yours.
Flattering.
You have a beautiful face... the way the light hits it.
(stands) Thank you for your time.
It will be his pleasure.
Friend of yours?
That's the beauty of lawyer/client privilege.
That's trust.
Home sweet home.
If you're lucky, you'll never see me again.
Promise me.
I promise.
He shows up with his mask on, leaves with his mask on.
It's Longdale, looking for a snuff film.
And you, entrepreneur that you are, tell him you can hook him up.
Gonna make everything right with the world?
You think it's so easy?
Easy enough for you.
Astoria, Queens.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Welcome to another season of Indians' baseball.
Who's this girl on top of me?
This is Charlie Donovan, the new G.M. of the Cleveland Indians.
Well, then... I'll be up in a couple days.
See ya in Arizona.
Nice to meet ya, Hayes.
Thanks.
Nice velocity.
Yeh, better get your snake ready, Hayes.
You still wear those great little tortoise-shell glasses?
Thank you.
Welcome to the Big Leagues.
Everybody laughs at the Indians now, but there were other times.
(on the air) Hello, everybody, Harry Doyle here, welcoming all you Friends of the Feather to another season of Indians baseball.
Yes, sir, they love this club here in Cleveland.
Nice catch, Hayes.
Brewster, quick move to first...
Nice base running, dildo.
Well, so much for that.
You can close the book on Winters... Easy does it, Ricky.
Wild thing, You make my heart sing, You walk everything.
I was gonna play another a year or two, then we go to Hawaii, and have a couple kids who grow up to be Olympic champions.
(exasperated) I have a much better body than she does.
Projected over the whole season, we stand to wind up 36 games under .500
(sarcastic) How about a series of fines for good play?
Two down, top of the ninth.
Congratulations, Rick.
Congratulations.
Hi, doll.
How good are you?
He was one of the best in baseball until he had problems with his knees.
Thanks for the beer.
You got a great arm, one of the best I've ever seen, but your control hasn't come around like we hoped it would.
Now, there are a lotta pitchers that started out wild and, after workin' it out in the minors, for a while, went on to great careers.
Read these letters, starting at the top.
Here's looking at ya, Jo-Buu.
Vaughn in a little trouble here, but I'll tell ya, these Cleveland fans are great.
The go-ahead and potential winning run is in scoring position.
You got a chance to be a hero on national television, so whatever you do, don't blow it.
Besides, these guys weren't playing that good when the equipment was workin'.
Anyway, if the bus makes it here from the hotel we'll be on at 7:30 tomorrow night.
Till then, this is Harry Doyle, saying so long, everybody, and Happy Hunting.
Mind if I join you? (surprised to see him) Donovan.
There's two or three potential all- stars in there.
I figure it's gonna take 32 more victories to win this thing.
We interrupt this program to bring you the following special bulletin.
Good evening, everybody.
The incredible has happened.
The Indians have finished the regular season in a first place tie with the New York Yankees on the strength of a 4-2 win over the Tigers in Detroit today.
Brunette, great rack... Darla.
As you can see, the Indians are in high spirits tonight, looking forward to their showdown with the Yankees.
You tryin' to make me believe you wanted us to win all along?
Now that we're winnin' it's easy for you to jump on the bandwagon.
I love this team, Lou.
Hello, everybody, Harry Doyle bidding you a Wahoo welcome from beautiful Municipal Stadium, where tonight before a capacity crowd of 75,000 screaming featherheads, the braves of the Cuyahoga will leave their teepees in search of Cleveland's first League Championship in over 30 years.
Harris has been in trouble all night, but has battled his way out with the help of some great defensive plays.
I good to you, I stand up for you.
The ball is... Downtown, welcome to the Happy Hunting Ground.
He got the first two hitters, and then gave up a single and a double and has now gone 3-0 to Cheevers.
Nice swing, Haywood.
Good follow- through.
No ma'am-- Feast a Balthazar!
He's a good man.
No, you wanna pass nice 'n peaceful... go to sleep one night, wake up in the glory land... woof... ...Well who's that now, Pickles?
They ain't gonna be happy.
I did this often as a youth -- why, I was a positive lemur... Here, kitty... Don't upset him, now!
I wouldn't dream of it... harmless little felix domesticus... Come to I thank you, madam, for your act of kindness.
I'm an Angel.
I am taking a year off to indulge my passion -- I don't believe that is too strong a word -- for the music of the Renaissance.
We perform on the instruments for which the music was originally composed, in the belief that... that... Why, this is lovely... Wait a minute.
Why, we play music that was composed to the greater glory of God.
Devotional music.
Church music.
That's why so much music of the cinquecento was played in crypts and catacombs.
Easiest thing in the world.
Easiest thing in the world.
Okay! ...Kiss of life!
You the man!... Hey! BUTTHEAD!
I know you all remember that when Moses came down the mountain, carrying the word a God, come down that Sinai peak, he caught those Israelites red- handed.
A God of EARTHLY things!
Well it ain't no civilization!
...It's what's in our hearts, each and every one of us when we like them Israelites!
You preach a wonderful sermon, Brother Cleothus.
Why thank you, Sister Rose.
Jesus well pleased with him.
...This, gentlemen, is the Lady Luck, gambling den, cash cow, Sodom of the Mississippi delta -- and the focus of our little exercise.
Here is Orchard Street... ...and here is the residence of Marva Munson, the charming lady whom y'all met moments ago.
The casino's offices, locker rooms, facilities to cook and clean, and most importantly its counting houses- the reinforced, secret, and super secure repositories of the lucre -- may all be situated... wherever.
Happy to be on board.
He has managed to secure a berth on the custodial staff of the Lady Luck, thereby placin' himself in a position to perform certain chores whose precise nature needn't detain us here, but whose performance shall guide this expedition to its happy conclusion.
Let us make beautiful music together.
This is a Christian house, boy, none of that hippity-hop language.
But Gawain at times is so far transported by his love of the music of the early Renaissance as to-- Don't make no never-mind he's transported!
Ain't nothin' new under the sun.
Jus' sneak one little peek... ...Don't let this uniform fool ya-- You don't need to be gamblin', honey, you lookin' at a sure thing.
You can pull my lever all day long, sweet mama, I ain't never gonna come up lemons.
This is Mountain Girl.
Mountain is my right hand.
That's not how you maintain a loving, caring relationship.
Come on, baby, let's get it on!
...Nobody talks to Mountain Girl that way.
Wisdom of mankind, what about the wisdom of the Lord?
Oh yes, the Good Book, mm.
And then of course I love, love, love the works of Mr. Ed G'Allan Poe.
Not of this world, true; he lived in a dream, an ancient dream... "Helen, they beauty is to me Like those Nicean barks a yore That gently, o'er a perfumed sea, The weary, wayworn wanderer bore To his own native shore... " Who was Helen?
No, I just happened to hear of this gospel concert tomorrow night, The Mighty Mighty Clouds of Joy, and I thought you and a friend from church, perhaps... Othar loved that music... Yes, I got a widow-lady friend...
...What you doin' havin' tea down there?! ...Land of Goshen!
It'd be nice if you'd come by the church some day, give us a recital.
Oh, I see all right, but we don't make a big whoop-dee-do about denominations; everybody welcome at our church.
Simplest thing in the world.
Oh yes, they have remarkable abilities in the, uh...
Please go, go and enjoy your concert, and we shall see you later in the evening.
Despite our little setback we find ourselves on schedule to penetrate the vault... ...here, this afternoon, having successfully blasted that little ol' rock to pieces during Miz Munson's choir practice.
Why, it's child's play now, easiest thing in the world.
...I guess I never told you, that's how Mountain Girl and I met.
This was a weekend for Irritable Bowel singles to meet and support each other and share stories.
And I did meet Mountain.
Congratulations.
We who have shared each other's company, each other's care, each other's joy, and who now reap the fruits of our communal effits, shoulder to shoulder, from each accordin' to his abilities so forth whatnot.
I suggest that we shall look back upon this caper one day, one distant day, grandchildren dandled upon our knee, and perhaps a tear will form, and we shall say, Well, with wit, and grit, and no small amount of courage, we accomplished something on that day, a feat of derring-do, an enterprise not ignoble -- we, merry band, unbound by the constraints of society and the prejudices of the common ruck, we happy few.
Heh-heh-heh.
Professor, I'm surprised.
I hadda fix tea.
We havin' tea now!
Though I don't pretend to great oratorical skills, I will happily present, with your ladies' permission, verse from the unquiet mind of Mr. Ed G'Allan Poe.
..."Ladies, thy beauty is to me Like those Nicean barks of yore..." "That gently, o'er a perfumed sea The weary, wayworn wanderer bore To his own native shore... " Amen.
"On desperate seas long wont to roam, Thy hyacinth hair, thy classic face, Thy Naiad airs have brought me home To the glory that was Greece And the grandeur that was Rome... " Mm-mm.
Glory hallelujah.
We had such a pleasant time.
No, Gawain; would that it were simple!
Must float like a leaf on the river of life.
No... no... shortest and most painless is best.
He won't shit in the house, Mama, I'm gonna train him, I promise, gonna train him real good-- I'm gonna train you real good!
I love you, Mama! Daddy gonna kick your ass! ...Bringin' in a filthy dirty dog! Mama's whuppin' Gawain's ass! (eagerly) Ain't you gonna use the strap, Mama?
Please don't hurt me, Mama!
Didn't your mama raise you right!
She reminds me of my mama.
I can't shoot my mama!
Now look here, it's the easiest thing in the world.
"...Like those Nicean barks of yore That gently, o'er a perfumed sea..." Quick!
Excellent.
Our overweening pride...
Now is the moment of praxis!
A nice old lady like that!
Recall the dream of wealth untold that first drew you to this enterprise!
A nice old lady like that!
A raven? "...The agate lamp within thy hand... " ...Ah, Psyche! from the regions which Are Holy land!"
Couldn't face the music.
Oh yes.
It's really fun making this list with you, but I've got a column to go write.
They call her "The Runaway Bride".
I give up.
Holy moly.
So all bets are on and we hope that this boomerang bride isn't honeymooning with Las Vegas odds makers because many predict that this girl is out of there before the race... before the rice hits the ground" (then) Holy moly.
You're her best friend.
(laughing) You creeps!
(to Elaine) I'll put in a good word for you.
And who are these lovely ladies?
It's pretty much all been covered.
Excellent.
Great.
Not at all! No. I've never been more certain in my life.
Thank you.
If you came down here in the pursuit of happiness, you might as well go back.
I'm here for vindication.
And what is that wonderful smell?
(seeing the cinnamon rolls) I'll have two of those delicious looking cinnamon rolls.
(picking up a miniature bride) Here, Maggie.
I think this makes the best you.
(all smiles for Mrs. Trout) Grandma made me the cutest outfit.
(cynical delight) A pre-wedding luau?
My husband and I love luaus.
It'll be fun.
Fun? Fun isn't the word.
Thank you so much.
Thanks.
I love you.
Next! BOB (cont'd) Good job, gentlemen... Special teams.
I'll see you two love-birds later.
See you at the wedding.
You invite him?
Let him come to the wedding.
So if you're not running and Ike Graham is there to see it, then any article he writes has got to have a happy ending, right?
Where's that homemade sunshine?
BOB (cont'd) I want you boys to take my princess on the ride of her life... Honey, tell 'em where you parked your car.
Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.
He looks better with that stuff out of his hair.
I'd say you've been in the sun too long.
Have you listened to his morning show, "Wake up with ballplayer"?
I had a phlemless morning.
That must have made you proud.
PEGGY (cont'd) Good job, honey!
It's nice that they're still friends.
See, I cheer good.
(handing her the key) Okay.
Thanks.
And remind him he's bringing the wine to the luau.
Thanks.
Good morning to you, too.
You look good.
Thank you.
Even with everything that's happened I've still never been married and I still deserve a beautiful dress.
(to the mother) She'll be the prettiest little flower girl in your daughter's wedding.
(then to the girl) He tripped on his shoelaces.
You've come for your dress.
(then, to Maggie) But the one you have on hold is lovely.
Yeah, that's a good point.
(then, sitting) The other dress is nice.
You're here to sell wedding dresses.
You look fine.
That's better than fine.
Bob will be very happy.I almost forgot!
Let me have the garden omelette.
(gently, to Ike) Maggie's the nicest person you'll ever meet.
BOB (cont'd) Here's today's mantra: "It's an open field to Big Bob."
Thanks.
Well, I'm writing another article on the cacophony.
On the first date.
Join the club.
(sarcastically) Overpriced nice apartment and Chinese takeout.
That's New York living.
Or does she pick "NGB'S" -- "Nice Guys, But..." Nice guys, but I'm cheap.
Nice guys, but he lives with his mom... Nice guys, but he just out of prison.
No... They're interesting guys.
Each one was convinced that she was perfect for them, but they didn't see her.
I'm going to make a fresh pot of tea.
(beat) Wow.
Welcome to our annual country luau.
(grabbing the microphone) This year, we're dedicating our first dance to the soon-to-be newlyweds, the King and Queen of Hawaii, Maggie and Bob.
TROUT (cont'd) King and Queen, dance.
TROUT (cont'd) Everybody dance.
Pictures of the King and Queen.
Lighten up, what?
This party is for you and Bob.
(after a beat) I'm going to go dance with Bob.
Hey, Mr. Graham, welcome to our luau.
Aloha.
Help me out here.
Green Bay.
(sarcastically) Come on, it'll give you a great view.
Go! Honey, are you okay? (taking off his jacket) At this pace, it could be an evening wedding.
Okay, I'm the pastor.
Kiss the bride, badum dum.
She kissed me back.
(dazed but happy) I kissed him back.
How about -- "I hope you'll be very happy together"?
I hope you'll be very happy together.
That's progress!
Well, Maggie -- in the words of Mrs. Pressman: "Holy moly".
(blathering) I love you.
I love you.
You should thank Lou and I for the wedding car -- a '63 Buick.
Thank you.
Thank you, Grandma.
Thank you, Dad.
I'm closing.
Thank you.
You're sweet, Dennis.
I'm closing up.
Home for lunch.
I don't think it's good.
Grandma, what's for lunch?
Honey, your grandmother and I were thinking about opening a wedding gift museum.
I love that dog.
Thank the good Lord... wow... my honey... where have you been? (thinking the greeting's for him) He always liked me.
Go ahead, John, you earned your fun.
Love was... ' Mr. Udall, I'd like to talk to you please.
Not even if you hear a thud from inside my home and a week later there's a smell from in there that can only come from a decaying body and you have to hold a hanky against your face because the stench is so thick you think you're going to faint even then don't come knocking or, if it's election night and you're excited and want to celebrate because some fudge-packer you dated has been elected the first queer President of the United States... and he's going to put you up in Camp David and you just want to share the moment with someone... don't knock ... not on this door.
My grandmother had more attitude.
(beat) Have a nice day.
It's that new medication.
Little blonde angle.
I said you love me the way a remote control loves a TV.
You know you're not allowed back here... Spencer's more excited about it than I am...
It's the place's table.
(then mutters) So much for love.
Listening to the story from the upset friend... now she drops off the cappuccino and smiles at the putzette who doesn't even say, "Thank you."
"Must try other people's clean silverware as part of the fun of dining out."
Nice chatting with you.
Please!! NO!!! (to Vincent) What's the matter, sweetheart?
Thanks.
You stay just the way you are because you are a perfect man.
(all smiles to Verdell) Let's go home and do some writing.
He kissed her brow and when her eyes opened and found him, he said, 'there are easier ways to break a date.'
She laughed.
He had made the girl happy.
(too loudly, weirdly) Okay by me.
Thank you.
(to Melvin) By the way, thanks for saving me.
Help!
Get her here -- have her get me two sausages, four bacon, two eggs over easy and coffee.
I'm not a prick here -- I'm a great customer.
5... 4... 3... 2... 1... Bingo.
You met the gift.
He's good...
It's amazing these things weren't done.
Look, there's a lot to be checked but... Hey, your son is going to feel a good deal better at the very least... Doc!!! (then) So listen, you gotta let me know about the additional costs -- one way or the other we'll... They're considerable.
Anyway, dear, thanks for everything.
No! Would there be any way for you to be willing to walk his dog for him?
You're a wonderful man.
Two o'clock is a good time.
Open the curtains for him, so he sees God's beautiful work and knows that even things like this happen for the best.
It lets a crazy man into our lives.
Fantastic.
Great.
I'm so happy.
Thanks.
(brightening) Yeah... I'm glad we did this.
Good talking to you.
(looking at paper; weepy) This can't be right -- con- science.
Carol.
Today, on the bus there was this adorable couple and I felt myself giving them a dirty look -- I had no idea everything was... Go ahead.
(looking at their red eyes) Looks like fun.
I love you.
Do you love me?
Nice to get out, isn't it?
If his parents are alive they've got to help -- those are the rules.
Good.
Good night.
(to Spencer) I love you.
Thanks, Melvin.
Welcome.
No, we have greatness here.
I used to tan great.
She's enjoying herself.
Anybody here who's interested in what Melvin has to say raise their hands.
She was sort of fabulous about it actually... and she used to...
Please.
I said, "she's not naked -- it's art."
Good evening.
You look great.
You wanna dance?
(to Carol) Okay, I got a real great compliment for you and it's true.
You make me want to be a better man.
That's maybe the best compliment of my life.
Well, I hopahopahopa.
When you first came into breakfast, when I saw you -- I thought you were handsome...
It came out first... Hey, you kiss him -- me...
He says he loves you.
Ah, this is Simon... I'm here in town... (he waits) ... and, folks, you haven't come home later than 10 in your lives.
(to Simon) Let me see... Ahh, gorgeous!
Here are the keys to my apartment.
(hugging her) I love you... (sotto) Let him take you home.
I love you.
It gets good light.
Thank you, Melvin.
They did a nice job... Cozy, huh?
I love you.
I'll tell you, buddy, I'd be the luckiest guy alive if that did it for me.
Verdell, sweeties?
It's Carol.
But there were extraordinary kindnesses that did take place.
I'm a great guy -- "extraordinary"... (before Simon can celebrate) ... and she doesn't want contact with me.
I'm feeling... I've been feeling better.
Hey, I've got a great compliment for you.
(gathers himself with uncertainty, then:) I'm the only one on the face of the earth who realizes that you're the greatest woman on earth.
I'm the only one who appreciates how amazing you are in every single thing you do -- in every single thought you have... in how you are with Spencer -- Spence... (he has reached her) ... in how you say what you mean and how you almost always mean something that's all about being straight and good...
I think most people miss that about you and I watch wondering how they can watch you bring them food and clear their dishes and never get that they have just met the greatest woman alive...
The three walk towards their welcoming party.
Handsome, impeccably groomed.
She's wearing tinted glasses, staring at us, listening to Sarah speak.
Rachel's daughter - SARAH - stands at a podium, reading the Dedication to a rather large audience who have come for the launch of her first book.
The cover image from the book is projected on a screen behind Sarah - a black and white photograph of a young Rachel, David and Stephan.
But this was not what was celebrated.
Still looking down, she manages a smile, a bob of her head, reaches out to shake the first hand... ...lost in the memory.
...and in the simple act of facing the Monster, had helped to vanquish it.
Sarah, has finished reading and looks for her mother in the audience...
This book is dedicated to my inspiration.
Mother, I'm so very proud to be your daughter.
More applause.
Rachel manages to smile.
The room is now alive with the excited chatter of the guests.
Rachel moves against the tide of the audience with a fixed social smile, murmuring thanks to well-wishers, trying to get out, trying not to look like she's trying to get out...
She stares at the sun blazing over the Mediterranean ahead of her.
Still the boy stares at his grandmother, who gives a tight smile and turns back to the sea.
Another guest walks up to Sarah and she nods, smiling, at what he is saying to her but her eyes slide back to her mother, standing on the other side of the glass.
He watches as David straightens up, hands on hips, squinting up at the sun.
A celebratory dinner for the book launch is in progress - publishers, journalists, local dignitaries... Rachel is re-joining the table, taking her place beside her daughter amidst the dinner party chatter.
So, first time in the field.
Good.
That's...good.
Welcome to Metsada.
Good morning, Frau Roget.
Good morning, doctor.
Alright, this is my hand... and this is the speculum.
She stares up into the light.
Well, the ovaries look fine.
Rachel raises her hand to her LOCKET NECKLACE and begins to fiddle with it.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Brave girl.
Ah-ha.
Vogel busies himself for a moment.
Rachel stares up at the light.
An only child?
Vogel stares at her.
David stares straight ahead but he DOESN'T PULL FREE and they walk on like that.
We have a green light.
She starts to comb her hair.
It's a brave thing you're doing.
You're so beautiful... Alright, this is my hand.
Good.
Finally she pushes him to the ground.
Help!
A SIREN begins to sound...
As we watch he raises his rifle... Down!
Did you give him the...
It's a great blessing.
Rachel stares at him.
It's a good thing.
I loved the bible as a child.
She can't speak at first.
He stares into her eyes.
Vogel senses a new brittleness in David.
David looks up at him with a strange, crooked smile, eyes glittering.
Because not one, out of thousands, had the courage to resist, the courage to be the first to fall.
She stops for a moment looking at FIREWORKS flashing in the sky.
He swings wildly at her, but Rachel ducks the fist and drives the palm of her hand up into his face.
One raises a hand.
Rachel sits in her underwear, drunk, a bottle and glass of wine on her dressing table.
She stares back at her dully.
A cocktail party in progress - Stephan is mingling with the guests - Mossad high-fliers, Military, politicians.
He crosses over to an attractive BLONDE WOMAN and greets her.
As Rachel watches he runs a hand down the woman's back - an unmistakably INTIMATE gesture.
* Good.
* This is such a beautiful * photograph, Rachel.
* A YOUNG ISRAELI and his WIFE are admiring a photograph the * Wife has picked up from the table - a portrait of Rachel * and Sarah.
* I'm in love with you, Rachel.
* (beat) * Why can't we be happy?
* Rachel listens to this, mesmerised.
* David gives a smile that might be an assent.
(Russian) Good morning.
Rachel, listen to me...!
She walks through them, staring at faces.
Surprised, he picks up the note and begins to read it.
The music continues as we TRACK with Rachel, staring steadily ahead, walking slowly down the long road, her coat pulled around her.
Then a DOOR opens ahead of us and slides to one side revealing an oval of brilliant white light.
The three YOUNG PEOPLE begin their descent down the stairs towards the WELCOME PARTY.
...tiny, framed within the two arches.
...their damned souls will be ours.
The fire flows in, not out.
I don't care what kind of mood you're in at the start of that song.
You're too nice of a guy for me to want to do that to you, Mr. Marino.
Just go back to Earth and enjoy your records and the Hall of Fame and the beautiful family and all that.
Everything's fine, pop.
Oh, this is gonna be a whole new lifestyle for me, isn't it.
The fire is solid as a rock.
Why is that funny?
After we tried for many years, the Lord finally helped my wife conceive a baby.
No, your best friend Fitzie helped your wife conceive a baby.
Amen to that.
Oh, this is delicious.
(laughing) "Let the sin begins" - that was a good one.
Brilliant.
This is so much fun.
Well, let's rock and roll.
(laughs) You have a dog?
I'd love to have a dog.
Good.
That's nice, Grandpa.
You know what's nice about you?
You don't try to act cool.
Your juicy, heart-shaped ass.
I stay here enjoying my Schnapps and you go back.
And yes, my hair is aflame.
Listen up, New York.
Your souls are in great danger... Alright, how about this?
Give it over.
Let's go best two out of three.
I gotta say this cake tastes a little funny.
Please.
She was human?
I was in love one time but she said I wasn't financially reliable enough.
Easy, Liberace.
We had the greatest afternoon of my life until Adrian made me tell her she had a heart-shaped ass.
I'm baked out of my mind.
We're going to see Ozzy play at the Meadowlands, right now.
So I came to Earth to save him but then crazy eyes stole my flask and I met you and...well, my dog tells me I just might be in love with you.
This is amazing.
(sings along to song) "Mister Crowley, what's inside of your head..." My dog was right.
I'm in love with you.
...which is by far DePalma's best work... I'm not Nicky.
I'll meet you at Grand Central at noon.
You happy, Nicky?
Uh, I'll do my best, Dad.
How do you manage to stay so cool?
And give you a good buzz.
G-d.
Welcome.
Can I just tell you, I am so excited right now.
So excited.
An angel?
You're gonna be so happy she did that.
Welcome to the party.
It's so nice to see all of you here.
You did amazing stuff!
So while we wait, for your enjoyment, I bring you a dear sweet man and an international icon...Henry Winkler!
Adrian is stronger and smarter than me.
Stronger, yes.
No, you have the inner light.
G-d's so smart.
That was such a Mom thing, wasn't it?
Well, nice meeting you, Jenna, Christa.
Well, Mommy, get me to the big apple cause I'm gonna rock that town like a hurricane.
You're already there... Release...the good.
Release the good... Release the awesome.
Why don't you come a little closer and I'll show you a better angle.
Yummy.
Where'd a sweet Southern boy learn to fight like that?
Butterflies... Hello, New York.
Grand Central, Nicky.
I love you.
I love you.
I came through for you, Mom and the butterflies, Dad.
I'm still in love with you.
Holy Schnit!
Oh...what an uncommonly beautiful baby.
Thank yo.
Such a little angel.
I'm the only one who got out alive.
No! NECKLACE of TWO ARROWS , one gold, another silver.
I've overstayed the party a bit.
Please.
Healing plant use among the Ki tribe of Bechuanaland has been cancelled to make room for Tibetan Erotic Art.
I'll garden.
I'll see you at lunch.
This is a great short cut.
Hey, there's a secret staircase back here.
There's an incredible amount of blood evidence down here.
This is Special Agent Pendergast.
(to D'Agosta) These two get in a lot of mischief and they tell some amazing whoppers.
Nice touch.
This is Special Agent Pendergast.
She runs the best chop shop in New York.
Afterwards you sent me that amazing case of Chateau Lafitte.
Lovely bouquet.
(looks up, surprised) Yes.
Sweet Jesus.
Dr. Green!
Dr. Green!
It was an animal.
Stay in formation together.
Dr. Green...
Do me a favor.
It's a good thing we caught the movers in time.
You have to meet with museum security so we can make a decision about tonight.
That's great if you're stopping a burglar.
And they smell delicious.
Taste great.
The killer couldn't get them, so it got the next best thing.
That means the G.S.E. has finished analyzing the claw DNA.
Thank you everyone and welcome.
Our special thanks to his honor, the mayor and his lovely wife.
(smiles, gestures to the exhibit) Have a great time.
Please.
Kid will love it.
But he's still alive -- Get back now!
Everyone quiet.
Sweet Jesus!
Help!
I made the right hand fork.
Sweet Jesus, help!
Listen to me, Pendergast.
In primates, the eye is a direct path to the brain!
In astonishment, she My God.
I can help.
Pendergast, you were right.
Instruct the cells of the host to make more viruses!
Please.
Nice to see you, Lieutenant.
I'm so glad to see you.
Please.
Thank you.
My departed wife, God bless her soul, dampened that intemperance with the mantle of responsibility.
Please!
Please!
You're in no condition to ride.
Thank you.
When the French found us, their surgeon gave me the best of care.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Use whatever horses and wagons you can find here.
Amen.
Amen.
I'll leave in the morning to join him.
They'd be better off letting it move on.
Reverend.
We have better coming on the trailing supply convoy from Charleston.
Join us, Colonel.
Gentlemen, celebration is premature.
We can rifle those musket barrels... Get another hundred yards out of 'em... We'll need a forge... Easy enough... We've got clay to make a chamber... Oak to make charcoal... Oil cloth and barrel staves to make a bellows...
I say we drink the wine, shoot the dogs, and use the papers for musket wadding.
Thank you.
Fine animals, a gift from His Majesty.
You pay me what you can.
Nice to see you again, Anne.
Every thirty days you can re-enlist or return to your families.
They look nice.
As white as can be.
(softly) No, he takes after his mother... ... the younger ones barely remember her but Gabriel spent more time with Elizabeth... she taught him well, guided him, she was his North Star and mine... her father was a minister, in Boston, did you know that?
Look alive, boys.
Ready arms!
That would be nice.
That would be nice, too.
Thank you for that, Colonel.
My pleasure, sir.
Thank you.
(beat) And my men are excellent marksmen.
And with a name will come a family.
Thank you.
It's a good measure of a woman that she'll have her honeymoon under the stars.
Only then might you share in the victory, on the verge of which I now stand."
Sweet.
Late summer.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
The honor is found in the end, not the means.
It's what made me a hero.
(beat) And on top of everything, I have a son! Born last month in Alexandria.
She was with child.
Proud, priggish and competent.
First, he is a very proud man, He would rather risk defeat than share a victory.
An ELDERLY NUN hovers You have a lovely voice.
Love.
I love you.
(a pause) Agnes, have you ever loved another man... other than, Jesus Christ?
Well do you love... do you love Father Martineau?
Oh, yes! Do you think he loves you?
Oh, yes.
That makes good babies start to grow.
(staring into space) The Lady...
I was lying on the grass, looking at the sun, and the sun became a cloud, and the cloud became, a Lady.
I can't move because Mommy's holding my feet and all I can do is sing in her voice... it's the Lady's voice, God loves you!
(to Martha) God loves you.
The car radio is playing light band music...
You have been listening to Mostly Music from Montreal.
But she watches... she listens.
(smiles) Yes, of God.
She had a... a hole in the palm of her hand!
I know what you're thinking, she's a hysteric pure and simple.
Clean through the palm of her hand.
She belongs to God.
(kissing him) Thanks... Agnes is happily swinging on a long swing attached to a tree.
Oh, no place as wonderful as this.
Mommy did too... oh, but she wasn't stupid.
Agnes... You'll laugh.
What the child?
And people who fall in love and have babies and occas- sionally are very happy.
What good would it do.
Mother Miriam moves to her desk and opens the day book.
That was the beginning, the night of the conception.
The smile slips from Agnes' face.
Oh Agnes, oh Agnes, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, it's alright, I love you.
As much as God loves you.
We were fine 'till she came.
The Sister smiles, goes to another cabinet, extracts a file her.
Thank you.
I'm doing a Sunday article on Sister Agnes for the Gazette.
The woman's health is at stake.
Her spiritual health.
I am saying (distorted) a beautifully simple woman...
An unhappy woman... She's happy with us and she could go on being happy if she was left alone.
That was in the days when the Church was a ruling body.
She was a beautiful little girl.
Finally more steps and goes up into the... Martha emerges through a trapdoor in to the barn which is Various closeups of famous statues.
(calmer) I'm not accusing.
The baby?
And the baby.
In an agreeably decorated bedroom Trevor dresses for work.
A smile creeps across Chris' face.
I'm sweet... come in, man, come in.
Good to see you, mate.
Good to see you too, geezer.
He puts down his bag and pulls on a fresh tee shirt.
New DVD player, LCD on the wall, a new game console, DVD's, CD's, lots of pristine trainers placed perfectly side by side, books about business, books about film, a perfectly stacked pile of mobile phone bills with the word "PAID" scribed across them.
He approaches the window and looks out at the morning sun resting over a dull, featureless Dudlowe New-Town.
He stands, staring.
Chris walks into the kitchen to see Shifty getting breakfast ready.
They both laugh.
Chris laughs.
Mate, do you mind halal?
No, no, that's sweet mate, whatever.
I've got a few things to do today geezer, you can stay here if you want, just chill out.
He places them in the pockets of his hooded top.
Mate, he doesn't eat vegetables.
I know she did... but she stays at Mike's in the week, and then she's back at Stefan's at the weekend... with the kids (to baby) Katie, darling, stop banging your bowl... Trevor considers the bowl of cereal and fruit juice laid out for him.
Shifty lets out a sarcastic laugh.
Good money?
(laughs) Enough.
I invited him to a party.
Shifty and Chris crack up laughing.
Shifty mimics Rez's historic lunge, Rez starts to laugh at the memory of it, covering his face with his hands.
Alright mate.
Mate, keep your voice down.
Meet me at the top of the road by the telephone box.
I dunno why... he still thinks of you as his best mate.
They head for the garden.
Shifty and Chris approach a clapped out, red four-door VW Golf circa 1986.
Chill out, he's an old mate of mine.
Alright mate.
Trevor looks at him, to the hand.
Shifty and Chris approach an extreme sports park ride that helps build upper strength.
They're both cracking up laughing, loving it.
The sounds of scrubbing and movement echo out.
He stares at the emblem of the cat.
Mate, it's cool.
69 * We follow Shifty through a corridor deprived of light and colour.
Valerie, this is Chris, he's erm, he's an old friend of mine, we grew up together.
So it's cool, you know.
A moment of uncomfortable silence.
Yeah, that'll be sweet.
Shifty laughs as they carry on descending.
They both laugh.
Don't ruin this holiday for me.
Mate, it's gonna be fine.
I've got a sweet little earner.
Chris laughs.
I don't want to... I'm perfectly fucking happy where I am... 89 * Glen sits perched on the end of the bed, his top off.
Mate, that was four years ago.
Chris is laughing.
We see Trevor walk back to the van, in his hand he has a can of beer.
His room is full of twelve inch vinyl and cool framed posters.
Nice life.
I know... what the fuck was I supposed to do... you know I don't... Magnus, chill out, man... Yeah... yeah... I'm... fucking... WHAT!
What are you doing babe?
Babe, what's the matter?
Babe.
You promised me you'd stopped, You swore on your baby daughter's life that you were clean, Trevor.
Alright mate.
Alright mate.
Don't start shouting mate.
Babe, do me a favour.
How you doing Buddy?
What's looking good today?
(scowling) Looks bearish to me, buddy.
...but they got a good new drug.
Please.
(looking in Bud and Marv's direction) Especially you rookies.
April thirties...how bout those Decembers?
You're welcome.
Thanks Marv, I'll make it good to you.
Buddy, you got that mischievous look in your eyes.
I brought a birthday present for Mr. Gekko.
And what makes you think it's his birthday?
You better go buy him a present.
Let me give him the gift; Cuban cigars--Davidoff, his favorite and hard to get.
I just saw 200,000 shares move, are we part of it, we better be, pal, or I'm gonna eat your lunch for you... get on 1. (switches lines) Sorry, love it at forty.
Get me that California retirement money, baby!
You got it, G.G. (back on line with Billy, listening) ... check the arbs for MacDonald's.
20,000 shares.
(grimaces) If I ever need surgery, get me the heart of an arb like Yurovich, it's never been used...Happy Holideals Harold... (nervous) How do you do Mr. Gekko.
I just want to let you know Mr. Gekko I read all about you at NYU Business, and I think you're an incredible genius and I've always dreamed of only one thing -- to do business with a man like you... (smiles, impatient with the speech) So what firm you with, pal? Jackson, Steinem... (nods) ...going places, good junk bond department, you got the financing on that Syndicam deal.
Great cash flow.
Strong management.
(laughs, on the phone) He's flowing, Gordo.
It's my birthday, pal, surprise me... (standing) Bluestar Airlines.
Good for a five point pop.
(to Bud) Interesting.
(pool secretary) Buddy, phone...Gordon Gekko! (on phone) Hi Natalie...lunch at 21? (looks at watch) I'm out the door... Nice piece of work, Fox.
I'd love to, Mr. Lynch, thank you.
So how's business today.
It might spin up to 25 by the bell... (a tiny smile) Teldar's shooting up.
(his genuine look) Mr. Gekko -- thank you for the chance.
Enjoy the lunch.
What do you think Bud? Let's see, it closed at uh, 41 1/8... (his voice cracking) Up a quarter...very attractive... about average yield... Rising profits...strong balance sheets, good earnings per share.
I'd jump all over it if I were you.
(smiles) Morning Buddy, you look happy.
(sweating) Nice club, Mr. Gekko... Yeah... not bad for a City College boy.
(exhaling deeply) Yes... You're not as smart as I thought you were, Buddy boy, Listen hard -- don't count on Graham and Dodd to make you a fortune, everybody in the market knows the theory, ever wonder why fund managers can't beat the S&P 500?
Dr. Beltzer, you're gonna love this!
The money you make for people creates science and research jobs.
You're right, Mr. Mannheim, but you gotta get to the big time first, then you can be a pillar and do good things.
(exits) Gotcha baby, its do-able... meet you at the Wyatt Club... 3pm Dinner Thursday... Indochina.
(winks) ...light snack, but good, thanks pal, you're sharking your way up... I've just heard the most lovely two words... 'Anacott Steel.' ...Blue horseshoe loves Anacott Steel.
Night gang, and Susan no legs waving in the air tonight.
Rudy Kazootee, how's my cutie!
Rudy, say good night DAddy... (can't hear, to Kate) Shut that off, willya!
We got a good execution on them!
John and Carmen are here and the Livingstons are on their way... (nods, listening to phone) I'll be right there, fix them a drink.
(smiles) You're walking between the raindrops kid.
I'm good for it.
Sir Larry Wildman, he says it's important... (to houseboy) Make Mr. Livingston a martini would you Nyung, and this gentleman... (to Bud) Stick around, this could be fun... So, I had to sit around the beach wearing a moo-moo for 10 days, my whole vacation ruined.
Grand Marnier.
Oh yes, I remember you.
Rarest pistol in the world, Larry, a .45
Congratulations but rarer still is your interest in Anacott Steel.
I thought it'd be a good investment for my kid... No.
We're talking about lives and jobs; three and four generations of steel workers... (has to smile) You must be wearing a mask you're laughing so hard behind it Larry.
You can have the company, in fact it's gonna be fun watching you and your giant ego try to make a horserace out of it... (turns to Bud) What do you think is a fair price for our stock Bud?
Good night.
Just let the money circle the world, sport, buying and selling, and if you're smart it comes back paying.
You done good, but you gotta keep doing good.
I've never seen a painting that captures the beauty of the ocean at this moment.
Yeah, I'm gonna make you rich, Bud Fox.
I'm gonna make you rich enough you can afford a girl like Darien.
Market treating you good?
Still seeing that sexy French gal?
(interested) So, does "this guy" have a tip for an honest lawyer?
(sarcastic) Yeah, right... Relax, Roger, everybody's doing it but you don't know, you don't know.
(handing him a card) Mr. Panos, I've charted the growth of new office space in the city, and I think you're in the right business at the right time.
This is a growing business.
I got a little blonde named Mandy, about nineteen, avec cafe au lait boobs... she's mine but she's got a cousin who has great muffins.
Come in, Bud... (points) Congratulations.
Nice to meet you, Mr. Fox.
(thrilled) Thank you, Janet...thank you, Mr. Lynch.
It's so expensive and it's just like the ones on Eighth Avenue but it's an attitude is all, you pay for attitude (pointing to a walk- in closet) ...two walk-in closets...upstairs on the roof you lot a health club...massage, sauna, jacuzzi, sunlights, best schools in the city, cute boy like you gotta think of a ladyfriend when you're finished wolfing around -- ('course I'm taken) ...oak strip floor...my husband can get you a 10% mortgage...I'd do it myself if we weren't into four other deals already...so?... (beat) I got a four o'clock and a five...one of them's an all-cash type, Monique something or other...I guarantee you this place is history tomorrow...
...too perfect...let's not even eat.
They've already heard about it at House and Garden and they're coming next week to photograph it before it gets... lived in.
I'd love to have it in my portfolio.
That's right -- one with high yield, rich assets and no downside... Do you think you're ready?
(he folds back her palms in his) ...right here...make love to me...now... (more kissing) Stop me if I'm going too far.
Who am I? Come to bed, Bud... Dixon!
So what gives?
You think I'm gonna broker the rest of my life... I'm going to be a giant, Darien, an entrepreneur in the Italian 15th century sense of the word -- a mover, shaker.
I love you, baby.
You're turning into a yuppie Frankenstein, you love money so much.
I never had it like you when I was growing up, baby, it wasn't the upper east side.
I'm catching the express... (making love to her) ... and you're going along for the ride.
Mixed emotions, Buddy: like Larry Wildman going off a cliff in my new Maserati.
(seething) Congratulations.
Please.
That's how I live with myself, Buddy.
(stopping, focusing) Calm down!
Good.
it's done.. (passing a paper to the commercial banker) This is the pricetag on the 737s, the gates, the hangars, the routes, we got it all nailed right down to the typewriters... ...'course the beauty of it is the overfunded pension fund.
Last night I read Rudy the story of Winnie the Pooh and the Honey pot.
I mean pasta... (Mom bringing a handkerchief to her eyes) I told you never to lift a 747 by yourself... ...you even got me smoking now...second one Dad, you're pushing your luck, I guess you know that...I guess you gotta pull through this one Dad...for mom, for me...I guess I never told you but...I love you Dad, I love you more than I ever.
(begins to weep) ...I didn't mean those things I said to you...you're a hero all the way Dad, you're a rock...the best.
Look over there sunshine.
You look as beautiful as that painting I just bought.
(mockingly) So what's the problem Sunshine?
Anyway, Buddy and I are splitting up.
Soothe him.
But this bleeding heart puppy love act is over the top...
We're smart enough not to buy into the oldest myth running: love...
And strong letter to follow.
(animated, grabs the phone) Thanks, buddy, buddy, I'm back.
(smiles) I guess you think you taught the teacher a lesson, that you can make the tail wag the dog, huh?
You did the right thing, Bud.
(disapproving) ...don't wear that tie Buddy, it... Another cup of coffee?
Try to be cool, okay?
Nice to meet you.
Well, yeah, it's for the school newspaper.
One of those things was his beautiful bride, Sarah.
I used to teach shop and eighth grade science.
I thought you'd be happy to leave.
I'm all for helping the college out, believe me.
What you got that's good to eat?
Well, I guess it's all good.
One of 'ems a book on Christmas.
Me and the Burnett twins and some boys plays down at the junior high practice field all the time.
Well, you can't do that.
You're good workin' on small engines and things.
Thank ye.
They make a good double meat burger.
Karl you done a good day's work.
(laughing) Yeah, that's a goodun.
Well, yeah it's a classic.
You can meet my mama.
Hey, Mama.
I growed up and got taught it ain't right to kill nobody.
My daddy was good.
I'll see you bright and early.
I've got a good tool box and socket set out there I don't want stol'd.
I'm talkin' to your mama.
You shouldn't be that way.
Yeah, that's right, Frank, you better ask him.
Ain't that the sweetest thing.
It makes me not be nervous.
I'm glad of it, honey.
Karl, now listen, there's gonna be a party tonight here at the house.
Doyle's invited his music-playin' buddies over to make a bunch of racket out on the patio.
We're gonna rock.
I'd like him to be here.
I owe him a good time.
Too late, Honey.
(claps) On drums "The Johnson."
Come on, a big hand for these guys.
(pauses for a slug of beer) Okay I'd like to dedicate this next one to some very special people in our audience tonight.
To my lovely female companion Linda, her lovely son Frank, our new boarder Karl - what's your last name Karl? Childers.
You enjoying yourself, Karl?
I love you.
I love your mama.
You bunch of freaks have fun.
I'll call you tomorrow honey.
You can kiss my ass, really.
I'm fine, honey.
I promise.
(she hugs him) I love you.
I love you, too, Mama.
Mustard's good on 'em to me.
Thank ye.
She's real heavy, but she's cute in the face.
Vaughan's "friend" will be there, too.
He's a good boy.
Me and him's made friends.
Frank, you and Karl aren't talkin' much, you boys must really like that food.
Listen everybody, I know this may sound corny, I've had a few glasses of wine and that kind of makes me a little emotional, but I'm going to say it anyway.
That's very sweet of you Vaughan.
Thank ye.
Where'd you get them flowers?
That gal that made employee of the month give 'em to me for awalkin' with her.
I was goin' to the secret place.
It's name's A Christmas Carol.
(pause) That was nice of that woman to give you them flowers.
The one I love.
You're a good boy.
Besides we have a garden full of flowers.
He's my new friend.
Thank you.
Now you better go.
Only at the secret place.
Well, I'll be damned, there's the boys.
I'm glad y'all came in.
I build things.
Do you realize how important that is to the world.
(kisses Linda) See you tonight honey.
Be a good boy, Frank.
He's lyin' Mama.
He ain't gonna do better.
Thank ye.
(pause) I ain't ever gonna be happy now.
I'm glad of it you was borned.
I care for ye a good deal.
I made you a little old book marker and stuck it in that book on Christmas.
Thanks.
Your mama's friend.
Oh OK, cool...
OK, cool.
I'm willing to give you the benefit of the doubt this time, but you can't be starting fights.
What's important is what you do, and how you react.
Well, can you see better with them?
But they come good in the end.
Thanks mom.
Thanks.
OK, thanks for the ride.
Thanks.
Your Dad's gone to the supermarket, honey.
You can't - I swear to god.
I used to make a cherry cake all the time and it always came out just wonderful.
So earlier that day I made a cherry cake and I used a - I didn't know it till afterwards, I used a new product - instead of Crisco, I used Fluffo.
Nope, I'm good.
That's so sweet, thanks.
Thanks.
See ya.
See ya.
So earlier that day I made a cherry cake and I used a new product - I didn't know it till afterwards- I used Fluffo.
So who's coming for a walk with me tomorrow morning?
He's right TJ, it'd be very good for you to get some fresh air.
I'll meet you there in a second.
It's your birthday.
It'll be good for us, Teej.
Give me a hand here.
Thank you, Coleen and Jack.
Welcome.
Welcome, Paul.
OK, but first show me your best impression of a dumpling.
I'll give you a ride.
Whoops.
My shoes are so squishy.
That's nice of you to say, but I doubt it.
This is delicious.
Thank you, dear.
Can you do me a favor?
Yeah, that was good.
Honey, how old are you?
Depending on their growth, their diet - Yeah, OK, OK well, actually they eat mice.
With his little mouse hand.
Oh, that's nice.
Oh, OK, well have a nice time.
Dude, chill out for a second.
It went to the wrecking yard on Sunrise near Red Bridge, yesterday afternoon.
Honey, will you grab the present?
Good.
Honey, they're my friends.
Please.
We're friends.
OK, great, thank you.
Thank you.
Madeleine always had open arms and welcomed friends as kindly as her own.
She had such a kind wonderful heart.
We shared so many wonderful walks and enjoyed each other's company very much.
I love you, Madeleine.
I looked for days, but didn't find shit.
That was the most beautiful thing I ever saw.
To honor you, Sir.
Thank you, Sir.
Thank you, Sir.
What, good-lookin' sumbitch?
True love!... Morphine, give her morphine!
Good to see you.
Nice to meet you, Betty.
Good on you, then, Rafe McCawley.
Good lad.
Welcome to the war.
See ya on the beach, boys!
(to himself) That Yank is bloody good.
Two nights ago I drank a beer with a couple of the R.A.F.
A woman beautiful as you shouldn't be sitting alone.
Thank you...Ensign.
We have no choice but to draw from whatever we can.
So you join us, Admiral.
Born into great wealth.
Looking good, Red.
Now listen, it's hands off Billy.
He was that good?
Shhh! (singing) Oh...Betty, Betty, Betty, you're the one for me, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, can't you see... (singing) I'll be yours for eternity, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty, Betty! (singing) Oh Sandra...I like you...love you... Leapin' Jesus! (climbing down) The struts are loose, the hydraulics are leaking, and the electrical system's shorting out in the cockpit.
Fook ya! Learn English, then!
Fook ya dooble!
Right after church?
You better come in here.
Win? Yes'm.
What do you get for winning?
Respect.
No doctor would'a give me that good.
Thank you, 'Mam.
I left my Mama and joined the Navy to be a man.
I shine the officer's shoes.
Now smile!... Great!
Next week I'll show you a print and you can order your Pictures of Paradise!
That was a nice little stunt you pulled, buzzing the base.
You liked that?
You'll love it.
The week he met you he told me he felt his heart had always lived in winter, and for the first time in his life he has seen the spring.
So beautiful!
She loves you.
And part of what she loves in me is how much of you she sees in me.
We'd have coffee and try not to talk about you, but we always would.
How sweet.
Is that when you put the move on her? That's better.
With love and devotion, Kazuyoshi.
That was a good first session.
Thank you, Sir.
We have achieved surprise, but their carriers are not in port.
the ocean, their engines beginning to scream.
Stay calm!
Home of the brave.
We'll fill them with tannic acid, it'll sterilize them and cool the burns!
We have achieved complete surprise!
I am over the harbor now... (into radio) We have a tremendous victory.
And we no longer have surprise.
Amen.
That you haven't lived and loved enough.
But I've seen my first spring too.
Is that the good new, Sir, or -- You're just about the only pilots in the Army with actual combat experience, so you're volunteering for a mission I've been ordered to put together.
Do you know what top secret is? Well sure, Colonel -- Top secret means you help me pick the other pilots, train, and go -- without knowing where you're going until it's too late.
Right down to the treetops.
Fun today.
That'll help.
And to practice it, ya gotta play -- No baseball diamonds, Red.
Listen you guys.
Home of the Brave.
It is another beautiful day in Tokyo, as all of Japan basks in a new day of victory.
Listen to this -- it's Tokyo Rose.
Our brave sailors and soldiers, inspired by our divine Emperor, have pushed the Americans from the Pacific.
Each time the Americans have tasted the samurai spirit, they have learned the bitter taste of defeat, while Japan is embraced by the divine wind that has protected our island for seven centuries.
So beautiful!
You're a good fighter, Solo.
So long, Princess.
You're a great help to us.
Well, it's Princess Leia, sir.
Are the speeders ready?
And my friends out in it.
Princess... we have a visitor.
We'd better start the evacuation.
Thanks.
General, there's a fleet of Star Destroyers coming out of hyperspace in sector four.
Good.
Our first catch of the day.
And ... do take good care of yourself.
Begin retreat!
I'll get the princess out on the Falcon.
This baby's got a few surprises left in her, sweetheart.
Get her ready for takeoff.
Star Destroyers, two of them, coming right at us.
Oh, great.
Artoo - that way! Artoo!
Captain, being held by you isn't quite enough to get me excited.
(Trying to keep from smiling) Right.
Help you I can.
I'm looking for a great warrior.
A great warrior.
(laughs and shakes his head) Wars not make one great.
Hey! That's my dinner!
I'm not looking for a friend.
Good food.
He would be a great asset.
Good food, hm? Good, hmm?
Heh! Excitement.
(to Leia) Watch out!
We'll clean them off if there are any more.
And well you should not.
Life creates it, makes it grow.
Its energy surrounds us and binds us.
Thanks.
Can you trust him?
Good.
Calm, yes.
Friends you have there.
But I can help them!
To Obi-Wan you listen.
Master Yoda, I promise to return and finish what I've begun.
Strong is Vader.
I promise.
The sooner the better.
But he is my friend.
And then you're as good as gone, aren't you?
(coolly) Thank you.
Will you join me for a little refreshment?
We would be honored if you would join us.
I love you!
Yes, he's alive.
Good.
Calrissian, take the princess and the Wookiee to my ship.
Well done.
Trust him, trust him!
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
Wonderful!
Join me and I will complete your training.
(into comlink) I'll meet you at the rendezvous point on Tatooine.
I promise.
There he isl Let's go! Let's get him!
Let's go! Hyahl Hyah! Hey! Come back here!
You've got heart, kid.
Now give me thatl Don't let him get awayl Magic?
Dad! Out! It's important!
Good day.
We can discuss my honorarium over dinner and champagne tonight.
I'm so glad you're back!
(softly; reading) "Venice, Italy."
Your contributions to the museum over the years have been extremely generous.
Well, like yourself, Doctor Jones, I have a passion for antiquities.
Well, it's sandstone.
(stumbling through it) "... who drinks the water I shall give him, says the Lord, will have a spring inside him welling up for eternal life.
Let them bring me to your holy mountain in the place where you dwell.
Across the desert and through the mountain to the Canyon of the Crescent Moon, to the Temple where the cup that" "Where the cup that holds the blood of Jesus Christ resides forever.
I've heard this bedtime story before.
The gift of youth to whoever drinks from the Grail.
(beat) Oh, now that's a bedtime story I'd like to wake up to!
The Holy Grail's final resting place described in detail!
What good is it?
Two of these brothers walked out of the desert one hundred and fifty years after having found the Grail and began the long journey back to France.
Bingo.
You're a great deal like your father.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if he were here now to see this? (chuckles) He never would have made it past the rats!
My father was looking for the Holy Grail.
My soul is prepared.
Oh, yes.
It's lucky I don't do things the same way.
Don't take that tone with me, my good man.
Now buttle off and tell Baron Brunwald that Lord Clarence MacDonald and his lovely assistant are here to view the tapestries.
Thank God! ... it's fake.
(laughs) Good point.
(excited) Through the library?
What?! Trust me! Indy, no!
And don't listen to her! Enough!
But you should have listened to your father.
No, fish make love in it.
Thank you so much.
(laughs) Marcus Brody, sir.
Welcome to Iskenderun.
(laughs; then, to Brody) Run! Yes.
Morning edition.
Thank you, Herr Oberst.
(to DONOVAN) I will meet you at Iskenderun.
It will show them our progress, ahead of schedule.
But more important, we have the map.
I'm out, Dad! Well done, boy! Come on Dad.
Great.
Ha! Stop! What?
Oh, yes.
Oh yes, she did.
Good.
Well, we made it.
I respected your privacy and I taught you self- reliance.
Hmmm? (laughs) Well...
(laughs) Look, we have work to do.
(he reads from the Diary) "First, the breath of God.
Second, the Word of God, only in the footsteps of God will he proceed.
Third, the Path of God, only in the leap from the lion's head will he prove his worth.
Hang on, Dads We're going in! (sarcastic) Nice landing.
Thanks.
"Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky." (he chuckles) These pages are taken from Professor Jones' diary, Your Highness.
Bring den Schatzl Precious valuables, Your Highness, "donated" by some of the finest families in all of Germany.
The TANK is a vintage World War I model with enormous treads.
Well, Marcus, we are on the brink of the recovery of the greatest artifact in the history of mankind.
(laughing) Diese Amerikane.
Get Dadl Give me your hand!
The cup that gives everlasting life.
I'm going to be drinking my own health when he's gone the way of the Dodo.
The penitent man is humble before God.
He kneels before God.
No. "The second challenge is the Word of God.
(to himself) The Word of God...
Give me your other hand, honey.
Give me your other hand!
The boys finally open their books.
Precious sneers at the boys.
Today we are going to review Monday's assignment.
He do his best but he ain't got no voice.
The boys break out in RIOTOUS LAUGHTER until ... CRASH!
Precious has had enough.
(trembling) We cool.
Mr. Wicher looks grateful.
Thank you.
Who that Precious?
Wicher says you're one of his best students and that you have an aptitude for math -or at least potential.
(beat) Claireece, are you listening?
Listen Claireece...
Wicher say I'm a good student.
I never said nuffin like it.
Today is first day.
Her HEART BEATS loudly.
Precious' feet finally transport her into the bright doorway.
Four of them are occupied by girls roughly Precious' age: LEAN, SEATED AND DRESSED LIKE A BOY and CONSUELO MONTENEGRO - LATIN DESCENT, PETITE GLOWING AND GORGEOUS.
Precious?
Precious.
That word is day.
The! ...Beach?
Where you sneak your ass off to this morning?! School!
Mama, I tole you dis morning I was goin'to school.
Is that what you is now, too good for welfare?
Guide lady smart.
Mama crazy but Mama not stupid.
I am happy to be writing.
I am happy to be in school.
I am happy to know my baby coming soon.
And she gonna write back everyday.
Thas great.
Listen Baby, Muver love you.
His muver love him.
John, the nurse who helped gurney Precious in, again stares down warmly at her.
His hands lay on top of Precious' with their palms touching.
I love my baby but want school too.
Dear Precious, I am glad you love your baby.
Love, Ms Rain.
You are learning to read and write, that is everything.
Before this day is up, you will have a place to live Precious.
It's an immediate opening and it's in Queens.
Hey Precious.
Good.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Precious looks relieved.
Precious smiles.
Precious sits at a small kitchen table in a modest but cozy and craftily-decorated apartment.
Fresh flowers adorne her table.
She's not in a good mood.
...Oh... (smiling at Abdul) What's his name?
He's adorable.
Thanks.
Ms. Rain and Katherine hold glasses of wine.
Precious looks alarmed.
Baby, you already have.
I jus help you finish up first.
Precious makes her bed.
In a book I read, a lady escaped to a 1/2 way house.
They tole her, you is 1/2 way between the life you had and the life you want to have ...Thas nice.
Precious plays with Abdul in the shallow end of the community swimming pool.
Precious looks out of her open window with a glass of water in her hand.
When she finally reaches a day room at the other end of the hall, she looks through its window for a moment.
Precious covers her nose a moment, lowers her hand, readies herself and then steps into the room.
Finally, Mary looks down.
Precious looks surprised for a moment but still composed.
Precious stays stone-faced until she finally GASPS as the aftershock of the revelation hits her squarely.
These girls is my family now.
They got love in they eyes and in they hearts for me, same as I got for them.
A soda sounds nice ...please.
Precious finally finds the file with her name on it and looks up as FOOTSTEPS sound outside the door.
Thank you.
Ms. Weiss smiles at Precious.
Precious smiles back.
Jermaine rocks Abdul's crib with one hand while looking at the file with Precious as both girls sit cross-legged on Precious' bed.
Precious reads carefully.
Having made strides so tre-men-tremendous in the past year, she was given the mayor's award for outstanding achievement.
Surprised and impressed, Jermaine double takes on Precious.
Thanks.
Thank y'all for letting me share... Irene nods and Precious sits.
Rita squeezes her hand.
Precious looks aglow.
Far up...Thank you Rita for getting me here on time.
A table with a nice arrangement of cookies stands next to a coffee maker and soda machine.
Irene chats with Candace over a cup of coffee.
Thank you Miriam.
Precious smiles and shakes her head no.
Precious looks around at all of the other girls.
I'm alive inside.
Mama and Daddy didn't win.
I'm drinking hot chocolate on the Upper West Side with girls - all kind who love me.
How does a stranger meet me and love me?
Rita returns with two cups of hot chocolate.
Precious thanks Rita with her eyes.
The book's first page reads: Sheila and Ruby walk in and sit down beside Precious.
Sheila Hewitt, Ms. Rubenstein is ready for you.
Precious closes her book.
Mrs. Weiss is ready for you.
She leans down, gives her a big hug and tenderly fixes Ruby's hair.
Precious, she so smiling and healthy.
Me 'n Carl loved Precious.
Heh, heh.
DONATELLO's voice comes in over a RADIO.
The cam pulls out of a LARGE MASCOT HEAD - looks like a big goofy Turtle head with googly eyes and dumb smile.
(turns and walks back) This was the best birthday ever, Mommy!
Mikey GROANS as we- Beautiful downtown autumnal street.
Parked in front, we see the "COWABUNGA CARL" PARTY VAN loudly decorated in kid- friendly colors with an embarrassing and low-tech looking TURTLE HEAD ON TOP.
You'll love their kids too.
I can only hope they're as lovely as the rugrats you got here.
The kids quickly smile to cover.
Everyone say good-bye to Cowabunga Carl! BYE! (put-on voice) Hyuk! Cowabunga dudes!
He turns, breathing in the fresh surface air.
He's behind the wheel - face FROZEN in a goofy SMILE like a ventriloquist to "hide" his identity.
That's a good boy.
Mikey suddenly grips his face back into a tight SMILE, frozen.
Raph does the "blah blah" hand gesture from above.
A beat... inhales, then SMILES WIDE.
Mmm... home sweet home.
eo hugs Splinter.
But now that you are home, they will finally have the ethical and warrior leadership they have been lacking.
So... congratulations.
Thanks.
Famous NYC entrepreneur.
ON DOORWAY - Standing there is a beautiful black-haired assistant dressed in full suit and tie with a clipboard.
It's time for your morning workout.
Rock/hip-hop music crashes in as we see Winters' morning workout - a combination of weaponry work (martial arts and others), floor routines and bag work.
Excellent.
Now outside the window, he smiles at the view.
Then they came across a culture rich with science, magic and their own technology.
As the army approached, Yaotl used the knowledge they'd gained in black magic and sorcery.
And they were responsible for the eradication of the greatest culture that will never be known.
April is fascinated by the story.
Thanks.
April and Casey leave Winters, consumed with his new treasure.
APRIL(cont'd) Casey stops next to a PODIUM holding a priceless-looking VASE.
Klaxons sound as SHINK-SHINK-SHINK - METAL PLATES SLAM DOWN Room is now emergency light RED.
Give me strength.
he takes it off, revealing KARAI - the beautiful leader of the Japanese Foot Clan, flanked by three, FOOT NINJAS.
Congratulations on your promotion.
(stare down) Are we cool?
(to Karai) You see, now THAT'S a good soldier.
And don't forget... play nice.
Good morning, my sons.
Morning, sensei.
I was counting on you to bring order to the chaos of this family.
Wow, sounds... exciting.
Nice to see ya, man.
Gato SMILES as the other three board a Transport Vehicle.
Bingo.
WHAT (sees bike) -hey, cool ride.
Then- -the LIGHT on his exo-suit begins to STROBE.
Okay, so it was great seein' ya again, Raph.
April is finishing up with her workout.
Raph passes out as we- Splinter and the other three are finishing up dinner.
Mikey walks to the fridge of leftover birthday cake.
But I never said I was having fun.
"Happy Anniversary" present, my big fat keister.
Decorated in a different sense than the main building... in a sense of family, tradition and legacy.
Loved ones.
Looks above the fireplace and lifts his snifter in a toast.
Let's finish it.
He sees WINTERS TOWER in the distance... practically egging him on.
A greasy DINER COOK finishes cleaning up the tables.
They share the moment.
It's enough for them to smile.
She takes out a NEW MASK for Casey - cool, crisp and a badass paintjob.
I was saving it for our anniversary.
Thanks.
Everyone is in "the zone".
I love you man.
Nice an' incognito there, Mikey.
Scientists are calling it the fiercest storm of the new millennium, with Dopler Radar readings coming in off the charts.
Karai walks down the center path of the garden, flanked by a DOZEN FOOT NINJA.
We finally get to see how much of an ass-kicker Master Splinter is.
Same with April, who squares off against Karai.
You're welcome.
April looks over at Winters.
They run out into the garden, just in time to see the other Foot disappear into the night.
Aguila smiles at their chutzpa.
Challenge accepted.
As brothers.
We have more important things to do! ON PORTAL - A small DEMON makes its way out of the portal!
Leo lands a lucky blow, but Gato recoils - BOOM! Leo's knocked shell-first into a large GLASS DISPLAY CASE filled with swords and bladed weapons of all kinds.
How you guys doing?! Wonderful, my son.
WONDERFUL!
Now there's somethin' you don't see every day... (off of monster) Well, I guess we have to figure out how to get handsome here back to Winters' Tower.
They better hurry with that last monster!
My sons, I am so proud of you all.
We are immortals made of stone!
For soon we will have further business together.
I'm never usually that happy to be bleeding.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
'Hello, everybody -- ooooh, Tupperware.' Chill.
Top of his Yale class, a Rhodes gig, tenured at 27, two books.
We better pull off.
(without looking up) First, this isn't a story.
We come, I listen, you watch, we go home.
(to the Woman) Thank you, Margie.
He's usually real good with names.
Pleasure.
Met the summer after 4th grade, spent the day burning ants with his dad's magnifying glass.
Since I grew up in foster homes, he's become the only family I have.
We agreed minimal contact would be easier.
World peace?
(light laughter) Money-Fame-Ferrari?
M.T.V. Music Award?
Okay, good, you see Lucan's point.
So desire supports itself with crazy fantasies... Sorry.
This is what Pascal means when he says the only time we're truly happy is when day-dreaming about future happiness.
Tell you what, I'll give you good grade, a really good grade, if you will... (leans down to her ear, whispers sensually) ...study.
Oh, I'm getting new federal stats from Amnesty tonight.
(feeling good but very much in control) There once was a lesbian from Canjuom, Who took a young man to her room, And they argued all night, As to who had the right, To do what, how, and to whom.
Do you bow to the Queen?
Cute, huh? Cute.
Please.
Oh, that's great, great.
Great.
Thank God.
In three, two... (to camera) Welcome back to 'Batter's Box.' Tonight we continue our very special four-part series with the Governor Hardin.
I'm Bitsey Bloom and this is Zack Stemmons.
We also did a video.
I'm cool with ghouls.
You look good.
Spring cleaning.
(the smile) And how.
Thank you.
Gladly.
For now, I agree the first press release should focus on the woman's youth.
No. Good, keep it that way.
Thanks.
Is he gaining?
I generally tell folks I'm no more afraid of the grim reaper than I am of a Presbyterian on Mother's Day.
Thank you, Bobbi.
Thanks.
Happy.
I'm very happy.
Help me.
Help me.
Please.
Rescued.
(a loudspeaker voice) Gale, time's up.
Woa, chill, chill.
She lived for DeathWatch.
She was in love with him.
They were close.
Ah ha!
You would have enjoyed it too.
I'll bring you back tomorrow when he's in a better mood.
If you can name me one thing, one single thing, that is more sublime than the feel of a plump pink nipple between my lips, I will buy you a new cathedral.
My people live in the world's most beautiful city, their king has the grandest palaces on earth.
Majesty... We have more than enough food set aside for your birthday celebration next week.
Your birthday celebration, your Majesty?
This is a mere garden party -- and I wish to join it, so I will be brief.
You're my only friend!
God smiled upon us.
That is good.
Thank you, Andre.
Well, Captain... D'Artagnan! Athos, my friend!
Life is too long.
Look at you! You're still a boy! Sit, sit! I'll open a bottle of wine.
Thanks, but not for me.
I love that boy beyond all measure, I've spent everything I own to give him education and opportunity.
Now he has complete happiness, and I mope.
She loved me once.
Here is food, the gift of your loving King, on his birthday!
He gives to himself by giving to you, in that he loves you so much!
Your Majesty has had many women -- That is my desire, and my desire is what should concern you, not the sentiments of some commoner!
But do they love you?
Do you love them?
What about a queen to love?
Love.
Love your people, and you will not bear to see them hungry.
Love women, and they will love you.
Love yourself, and -- That is enough!
Thank you, your Majesty.
Well done, Pierre.
And don't worry, I will look after your family.
More food is on its way, and my advisors tell me the new harvests are sure to be bountiful!
And I have new joys to announce to you! Today we decree a fresh glory for Paris, and for all of France!
The laying of the foundations to expand Versailles, and make it truly a palace of the sun!
You bring me the heart of the Jesuit General, and you will have a palace of your own.
fingertips... upon the posts of the bed...
You're new here, and will soon learn many secrets.
Raoul... is in love... Enough of this, our dinner waits.
Don't look so surprised, Kings know such things.
It is a simple matter to have them brought to one of my country estates, where they may have fine meals, and physicians to look after them.
We are friends now.
Mademoiselle needs wine!
You are beautiful.
It is also a place of burial.
Relax, you big fool, it's d'Artagnan.
But once we were young.
But what are we to believe when the king is a tyrant, and the Church, meant to stand for all those oppressed, has become the tool of oppression?
It is honor you serve, and when the king is dishonorable you are removed from your oath of honor!
The secret I carry I cannot share.
Today is the day.
My confession day!
I tell you a secret.
I sleep with three women at once, not because my appetite is so great, but because now it take three to excite me.
What gives you the right to judge me, to play God with the lives of others?
Is it because you are so much holier than everyone else?!
Porthos?! Kidney rocks.
I know that to love you is treason against France.
But not to love you... is treason against my heart.
What is wrong?!Oh, Listen, my darling... Raoul was a... a good friend.
Help!
The greatest secret of life is who we truly are.
Now I must give you that secret, which has been kept from you your whole life.
It began on the night when Louis was born.
The queen had twins that night, and one of them was sent away, in secret!
Phillippe -- he's very bright, he's perceptive, but he is in such turmoil -- You grow fond of him.
That's good.
Well... Well... Okay.
Athos...? Thank you for being my guide... back into the world.
No, wait, do not hold your goblet that way.
A King has contempt for everyone!
Good.
It is good to be out on a mission again...
I love Paris!
So was Mary Magdalene, and our Lord loved her.
White?
I wrote Fromberge!
Then your father admitted he was alive, but well cared for, in secret.
They are our souls speaking to us, from that world beyond our eyes.
The night of my dream.
Phillippe first.
And make love as if you don't care.
In the morning you hand this note to d'Artagnan, pardoning Athos and instructing that he, Aramis and Porthos be brought to the palace as your advisors.
D'Artagnan watches everything.
We have to be lucky.
Stay calm, you're doing fine.
My brother...
You have the heart of a king.
Everyone back.
He is my brother.
Which has kept him alive.
He is your brother!
The embodiment of God's will!
No! Wear it until you love it.
The night we had together...
When he returns, watch him.
Bread and wine... in that cupboard.
He is your brother!
But feed him well, and let him have a long life within the Iron Mask.
Let me love you like a son to a father.
And I pray you live for this, to love me like your son.
Everybody move it.
You did good, Gib.
(singing to song) ...show me 'round the smokey mountains way down south... Hey, bud.
Three days of fresh air and barbecue would do you some good, man.
Love you.
Are you licensed to broadcast, buddy?
Queens, New York.
So Queens, you psyched for the Series?
How can you live in Queens and not love the Amazin's?
He's got the heart of a lion.
Frankie, Johnny wants to say goodnight.
Practice.
Practice.
(as they walk) Don't choke on your pride, Sull.
The World Series.
Wasn't too tough, buddy.
Daddy, come up and sing the baseball.
Sun spot?
You happy?
Thank God it's abandoned.
(to the men) Surround and drown...nobody goes in.
Help.
Please!
You realize that if you'd bought a thousand dollars worth of Yahoo in '96, it'd be worth fifty-grand today?
I'm jammed up here, Frank!
You're not looking too good.
(mouthing to words) I love you, Bud.
(mouthing back) I love you more.
Can I help you?
(relaxed) I'm looking for Julia Sullivan.
No. (very soft) Buy me some peanuts and cracker jack...I don't care if I never get back... Boy is he excited about the game tomorrow.
(laughing) Mr. Lee make you pay for those veggies.
(slight smile) You wanna tuck the monster in and join me?
He loves that thing.
So am I. (over static) Karen Reynolds is alive and well.
What are we like in...1998?
(lying) We're okay...we're good, Dad.
(groping for good news) Hey, what about the Amazin's?
Yeah, but, no kidding around, he's a good guy, a real good guy... John, say hello to my wife...Julia.
Hey, future boy.
(smiling) I used to play cops and robbers but y-- ...my mom wouldn't let me have a toy gun.
Give me a couple Bloodys, Gus, and a Dewars on the rocks.
You liked her.
The past is a funny thing.
Trust me, Bud.
Don't do this to your family.
Satch, would you listen to me here.
(little smile) Elvis has left the building.
It's a small world, Carl.
Time to meet the family.
Good God almighty.
Hey, I think she's sweet on you.
My mom told me to pick the best one and you are it.
Who's the song bird?
While the two together burned her mother alive in her bed.
That's a good one.
Here she is...you know her, you love her, you can't live without her...Mallory Knox.
(singing) Been workin' on the road now.
Pleased to meet ya, Jack.
I read your book.
Good work on Curtis Fox.
Thanks.
Well, Mickey and Mallory can't be together.
(smiles) I want to thank you very much for seeing me...
If we avert our eyes while they do this to you, we give them permission to do it again whenever they see fit.
And they were finally apprehended here at this Circle K in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Oh, that's rich.
They're so romantic.
Meet Mickey Knox!
And his lovely wife Mallory.
Together they're the Thrill Killers.
Yet amidst the violence and murder and carnage, you've got the structure of a Wagnerian love story.
Mickey, honey, listen to me.
Yeah baby.
Both of them are still alive.
But I felt an operatic love story needed an operatic ending.
It was wild playin' him.
Decapitations don't fall into most people's realm of life experiences.
You met Mickey Knox, didn't you?
But it's the country's youth who have turned the couple into the ultimate anti-heroes.
Basically, the very thing that makes them most lethal is the exact same thing that captures the public's hearts and minds -- Mickey and Mallory's operatic devotion to each other.
So, I think it would be safe to say that anybody who studied the fighting style that Bruce Lee, arguably the greatest martial artist of all times, developed for nine years, that would be a fella who could defend himself.
(softly) Thank you.
Grace, there is one other thing... (softly into her lap) What... You're right.
But alas, the best laid plans of mice and men...
After working together these past coupla years, we're like well-oiled machinery.
What we're really like is a Swiss watch.
(still acting surprised) Well...small world.
It's a funny business, isn't it?
What we're about is intimacy.
I have to get Mickey Knox to relax...Mickey Knox to share what he's never shared before... Mickey Knox to open doors which 'till today have been closed.
Rise and shine, Mallory!
Beautiful day for a drive, isn't it?
What do I do for fun?
Do you want to know what I do for fun or what I did for fun?
Oh, aaahhh, what you did for fun for starters.
What I did for fun for starters.
(thinking) Well, something I used to do...always was a lot of fun... (pause) No, scratch that.
But it's only the chorus, it's not the whole song.
Where the purity comes into play--- Camera jam!
(singing) Love is a hurtin' thang, and it leaves a fiery sting.
(laughing) It's not that easy, Wayne.
(laughs) Okay...okay...I'll buy that.
She's pretty, she's got blonde hair, two eyes, two feet, two hands, ten fingers... Don't play dumb with me, Mickey.
(smiles) Says who?
(laughs) When have they ever been right?
So, I'm lookin' around, the this really nice sales guy comes up to me.
Okay, buddy boy, where ya keepin' Mallory?
You ready, Donut?
(singing) Whataleeatcha, whataleeatcha dodaleedo, dodaleedo.
Simplest thing there isn't much to it.
I like the rest, but the best part I like is Whataleeatcha, whataleeatcha dodaleedo, dodaleedo, do quack, quack.
(to Mallory) Honey, I'm home.
(in between kisses) It's taken you so long to come to me.
Good.
The Golden Globe, The Edward R. Murrow award... 'Respected journalist'-- On your knees... (continues) ...'Winner of the Golden Globe and the Edward R. Murrow award among others.'
I am a respected journalist, winners of the Golden Globe, the Edward R. Murrows Award among others!
Stay calm.
Wells and Laxe.
SUPERASTIC: No, The Matrix is the system controlling our lives.
Why don't you come to the party with us?
It'll be fun.
That they had to see it, to believe it.
Your life and the world you live in will never be the same.
One of these,lives has a future.
That sounds like a real good deal.
The agents -- They got to you first, but they've underestimated how important you are.
Listen to me, Neo.
Free from what?
How? Hold out your hands.
Essentially, it's a hardware system that uses an apparatus; headgear, gloves and whatever to make you feel that you are in a computer program.
Stay calm, Neo.
Get this thing out of me! Easy, Neo.
Easy.
When the Matrix was first built there was a man born inside that had the ability to change what he wanted, to remake the Matrix as he saw fit.
Me and my brother Dozer, we are 100 percent pure, old fashioned, home-grown human.
Goddamn, I got to tell you I'm fairly excited to see what you are capable of.
We got a lot to do so let's get to it.
Morpheus is fighting Neo! Good.
Morpheus is right.
Good, good.
Anger is a gift, Neo, but it's a heavy one.
I know when I put it in my mouth, the Matrix is telling my brain that it is juicy and delicious.
Ignorance is bliss.
Then we have a deal?
And I want to be rich.
Good.
Our best weapon against the machines.
Good.
Bingo.
I got to say I love seeing you non-believers.
Pay for it?
It'll be like it never happened.
It doesn't make a sound.
He's alive.
You saw that place.
Marveled at its beauty.
Did you know that the first Matrix was designed to be a perfect human world?
Where none suffered, where everyone would be happy.
Some believed we lacked the programming language to describe your perfect world.
The perfect world was a dream that your primitive cerebrum kept trying to wake up from.
The future is our world, Morpheus.
... help.
Thanks.
See ya soon.
See ya soon.
You first, Morpheus.
I want to kiss you.
I want to kiss you too...
Don't worry, he'll make it.
Don't be silly, honey.
And a proud Afro-American way.
Do your BEST...to see he doesn't PUT HIS HAND on any...body...else...AGAIN.
I whup you right here!
"Lip from Louisville." (laughter) ...odds 7:1 against you.
(Cosell smiles) How you get that way?
I gave my power to Sugar Ray for seven years, gave him my voodoo, my magic.
And I was a babe in a basket, too.
I was born on a doorstep with a note 'cross my chest that read, "Do the best you can for him, world."
Else no way you could tell great Archie Moore what round you droppin' him in...all of them predictions you make, comin' true.
Never heard of nobody predictin' the round like you.
And why I'm tellin' you? 'Cause I'm gonna be your Inspiration.
But you are special.
A world champion.
So there is a gift I wish to give you.
(not a thought) This is a great honor, Messenger... Why you want to change?
Right here in L'ville...
I ain't... Paintin' blue-eyed, blonde-haired Jesuses and signs on cars is what put steak and vegetables in you, clothes on you... ...dinner!
(calling) Mommy...the bath's ready... (joking) Hey, man, where they put the real pilot?
What's up, brother?
This is Maya Angelou and Ambassador Huang Ha.
Why? (laughs) 'Cause you so "gone" off a little good time.
My "spirit"...? Yeah.
You can't marry that girl!
When I met her, she was working at a cocktail lounge with a bunny tail on her backside.
What were you doin' down at a cocktail lounge, Herbert?
(as Ali laughs) You been s-s-saving it up, training, Champ.
(droll) Not...a resounding success.
Don't you ever smile?
I fine runnin' around in all these cute short things for you.
I'm the best thing that ever happened to you, Howard Cosell.
But you are the HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION of the WORLD.
...of a good "Ne-gro," who do what he told?
And life goes on.
I never shot anything in my life.
I'm stayin' right here.
Business men, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth, None of them along the line, know what any of it is worth."
"No reason to get excited, the thief, he kindly spoke.
You so much better at it, mama.
Mr. Muhammad Ali desires to do that which the Holy Qur'an teaches him against.
From the root to the fruit...! Those rhymes is old.
Thanks.
I'm clean.
You the sun.
Let me live in the light.
You Superman!
Congratulations.
I love Elijah Muhammad.
My brother!
You're free.
I'm free.
Ladies and gentlemen, fifteen rounds of boxing for the heavyweight championship of the world... ...the contender and former heavyweight champion of the world, seeking to regain his title, from Louisville, Kentucky, Muhammad Ali!!!
How you gonna dance against George?? He's sparring with a middleweight, training to cut you off.
Whomp! (stiff-armed swing) Here come the right!
Gonna dance.
Frozen steaks.
This is not a humorous situation, my champion.
And my fiduciary responsibility to this first all-black promotion is like a garden in the African sun.
So why you glad we still here?
Holdin' this in Africa make people proud.
They're proud of you.
(laughs) Hey, hold up, chump!
(in French) (caught; smiles) Je suis avec l'Agence americane d'informations.
(English translation) (caught; smiles) I'm with the U.S. Information Agency.
I clean for you.
You're a good wife to me.
I respect you.
Do you love her? Do you want to marry her?
I follow my heart.
"You're following your heart"?
(in French) We are ready, your excellent President for Life... (in French) Invite Monsieur Idi to join me now...
Dance, dance!
What are you doin'?! (it gets quiet; to himself:) Here come George's "murder" round.
Dance, champ, dance!
(beat) Dance, champ!
Congratulations, President for Life.
You better wake up and apologize!
Got a beautiful wife waitin' for ya at home.
I'd love to have kids.
(a leering smile) Think I got my finger on it though.
You're too good... too pure.
Thanks, honey.
Finish your coffee... then GET OUT! Who's that?
See the world the way HE sees it!
He can't support his family!
Yeah, well you came to the right place.
Then you'd be rich.
Then we'd be rich.
That's where you come in, baby.
Bingo!
We're rich!
More romantic.
Bring her flowers.
It'd be nice for Lana to wake up in the morning and find you there for a change.
What a gorgeous hunk of female!
Well well...
You keep them... as a memento of our time together.
I'm so grateful.
Cash would be nice.
I better be going.
It's the way I look, isn't it?
(breathless) ...don't... stop... ...Oh Ned... please... don't... stop...
Are you a good bowler?
Iron Butterfly.
It's just that... well, I'm married to a wonderful woman... who is very, very attractive... (but adds quickly) ...not that you aren't very attractive!
It's a gift... for my wife.
Ned, darling...
I love you, Ned.
Go! Go! Go! Nice move!
I promise I'll spend more time with you.
I brought you a present!
Got a nice ring to it.
You love Ned Junior as much as you love me?
And all men feel passion at one time or another.
Hurry up, darling.
He loves his daddy... don't you Stink Pot? (pets the skunk) See you tonight, Junior.
For my peace of mind... take the train.
And your brother, Morty... My two sisters... Right... My best friend, Al... my dog, Woof... Grandma Rose... and Uncle Lionel.
But they let him out for a three week tour to publicize his new book.
(reads it) To Arch... Love to have you for dinner sometime... Hannibal.
They didn't want to start without her attorney being present.
I will not tolerate this unwarranted badgering of my client.
I want to thank you, Mrs. Ravine, for being so cooperative with these gentlemen.
Yes! NOOOOOOOooooooo!!! YES! Cappelini pomodoro!
This is Clement Von Franckenstein returning you to our BBC studios in London for the latest photographs of Lady Di naked in the bath.
What a great day for a trial!
And here he is... direct from a triumphant one-week engagement in Las Vegas Circuit Court... the honorable... the venerable... the totally irrepressible... Judge Harlan Skan- kyyyyyyy!
Thirty-seven straight victories this year!
U-G-L-Y!
Your Mama! Yeah, your Mama!
So you followed him, knowing you had to protect me... your husband... your best friend... the man you love... the future father of your children.
(directly to Jury) Lana Ravine is a loving wife and the potential mother of my potential child.
Find this woman INNOCENT!... so we can all go to bed happy tonight!
(stands up) Yes we have, your Honor.
Good.
I knew he'd spring ya.
Now you're talkin' baby.
When will women like you learn, you can't tear apart a perfectly good marriage with your vicious lies... Miss UMMMM!
A pleasure meeting you... Ned.
I'm glad you're here.
Thanks...
I'm way ahead of you.
Well back it up.
I'll make the Ovaltine.
Oh Ned, I love you.
Great.
And giving birth is the easy one.
We can make our own music.
Special Agent Kujan.
You look great, Keaton.
Please.
Enjoy the meal.
He has a deeply lined face, making his thirty-odd years a good guess at best.
Besides, it was fun.
Hockney smiles at all of them.
You don't put guys like that in a room together.
McMANUS There, so you see, I'm going to exercise my right to free assembly.
McManus taps the bars of his cell and the others LAUGH.
My clients testimony for his immunity.
A tiny smile and a genuine look of disbelief flash across Verbal's face.
His smiles fades.
Rabin walks in with a cup of coffee.
Verbal takes it with his good hand and sips it with a relish.
Back when I was picking beans in Guatemala we used to make fresh coffee.
That was good.
I'11 have this thing in front of a grand jury by Monday.
I got you this far, let's go to the grand jury.
I love you.
Dean, I love you.
She glares at the others.
On the other end is a masked and smiling Todd Hockney.
It was beautiful.
McMANUS Fine with me.
Edie is smiling and laughing with the old woman.
(To Tracy) Ready?
McMANUS Good.
Verbal smiles.
We're on vacation.
Enjoy L.A. A friend of mine in New York tells me you knew Spook Hollis.
Yeah, he was a good egg.
McManus laughs and walks away.
Fenster and Hockney follow.
L.A., was good for about two hours.
He smiles shyly.
Whatever money changes hands is yours.
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't kill you right now.
Kobayashi smiles and puts his briefcase on the table in front of him.
A gift from Mr. Soze gentlemen.
He opens his first.
McMANUS This is my life in here.
Keaton pulls out a large black and white photograph of himself and his lawyer EDIE FINNERAN.
He hides the photo from the others.
The guy is a pipe dream.
Kobayashi looks up with surprising calm into McManus' barrel.
Mr. Soze will be most - Listen to me, cocksucker.
McMANUS Fair trade for Fenster.
Do join us.
Before you do me in, you will let me finish my business with Ms. Finneran first, won't you?
The boat will be ready for you on Friday.
New light flickering in the surrounding darkness.
Lot of good it did them... (off Swan's look) Everyone's thinking it!
It's a beautiful day!
I have a gift for you.
It's -- beautiful.
Ceremony?
It's good to see you again!
Good day, sir.
You look stunning!
It's so good to see you!
Good day, Mr. Turner.
Good day.
If you're out rolling scuppers in this tub, you're either incredibly brave or incredibly stupid.
(a burst) You look lovely.
The thing all men most require: a marriage to a fine woman.
(smiles) I'm a bit nervous, myself -- Elizabeth! .
The rocks, sir!
One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness.
Thank you, Father ... and let that be the last of your fashion advice, please.
You know what you're doing, I'll give you that ... Excellent form ... But how's your footwork?
Ta! That's a good trick.
And I practice with them.
Listen, Estrella -- they haven't seen you.
I invoke the right of parlay!
Praise be! (back to Jack) My sympathies, friend - - you've no manner of luck at all! It's all right, doggie ... come here, What's the matter, boy?
His fortunes aren't improved much.
And you'll not lay a hand on those under the protection of parlay!
That bit of shine matters to me ... Why?
(curtsies again) Thank you, sir.
You hand that over, we'll put your town to our rudder and ne'er return.
Can I trust you?
(smiling) My advice -- smile and enjoy it.
Everybody stay calm.
But I will see you smile from the yard arm sir.
No. Lookee there, mate!
Commodore -- A moment.
But -- Please.
I grew up summers living in Dover, with my uncle - Good.
Thank you, Commodore, for getting our ship ready to make way!
Better to see it at the bottom of the sea than in the hands of a pirate.
He's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen.
(happy) He said you say that!
(hands it over) Fine.
Back when Cortes was cutting a great bloody swath through the New World, a high priest gave.
(nods) He'd've made a great pirate, that one.
Now, what's the nature of this venture of yours?
Well, lookee there.
These are the only ones worth having.
I'm glad we got here in time.
The Pearl? (laughs) Oh, that's fine.
You, sailing away nice and pretty with the Black Pearl, and all I have is a name?
Never trust a smiling man, you can lay to that.
(decides, smiles) We might just have to sign articles, you and I. Jack, you're a pirate at heart, that's certain.
You'd best take a swim, Jack.
That's fair.
Here -- it will go well with your black heart !
The trees are taller.
That's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow?
You spent three days on the beach drinking rum?
Welcome to the Caribbean, love.
Don't be thinking I'm happy about this, Elizabeth.
share.
That's a nice thought, to be sure, and I wager your da wishes he'd thought it hisself.
(smiles) I knew you'd listen to reason!
If you're steersman's good enough, that is.
There you'll be, with two lovely ships on your hands, and what to do?
I sail for you as part of your fleet, I give you fifteen percent of my plunder, and you get to introduce yourself at tea parties and brothels as 'Commodore Barbossa.'
And as for how we got off the island -- ah, that's a grand adventure, but now is not the time to talk about it.
And don't you dare tell me that wasn't a proper kiss!
-- but that was not a proper kiss.
This is a proper kiss.
(a glance at Elizabeth) It is clear that these deeds were performed out of a sincere desire to do good, at great personal risk.
It seems to me, that in the rare occasion where the right course is committing an act of piracy, then an act of piracy is the right course! (cheers of approval) So in my capacity as Governor, I intend to grant a pardon to -- Sir! Jack and his crew have escaped!
Sweetcakes, you best go back to the President and tell him to open up the phone book and start lookin' for his next nominee.
Well? (shaking hand) Congratulations, Mr. Secretary.
I'd go Special Reconnaissance.
North Korean beaches are the best protected, most heavily monitored in the world.
Where's The Polk? Halfway 'round the world.
(an inspired beat) Unless you Whiskey Run.
Especially at night.
Really, thank you so much.
Enjoy your visit, lieutenant.
Thank you, ensign.
Lieutenant j.g.
I'm fine, sir.
Thank you, sir.
Special Reconnaissance.
That is all that will be said about the special nature of this class -- by us or by you.
Opportunities like this are rare -- and those who seize upon them are rarer still.
The sun and moon... the ebb and flow of the Pacific tides... global warming... the very angle of the Earth upon its axis... these are just some of the things I control in my world.
Darth Vader reads poetry...
You may think that you are the brightest, the best, the strongest.
And until I do, the first day does not end.
You're good to go for the slide-for-life.
Who'd you kiss to get back in here, anyway?
And it started the day I came here.
It's how you pulled out my chair and nearly served high tea the first time we met.
Same rules for everyone, sir.
Funny, the C.O. says I can.
"It's not a job -- it's an adventure."
58 degrees this morning!
Thanks, Wick.
Well, seein's how this thing is out, you let me handle the r.p.m.
I'll be god-damned if I'm gonna watch Hayes pull flowers out of his ass and take credit for this one.
Fine by me, sir!
No problem, sir! Full of joy here, sir! Boat Seven... (into bullhorn) First crew to finish gets hot food and warm racks for the night!
McCool Don't wanna be pickin' no sandcrabs outta my ass tonight!
Take a dance!
Crew Six! Stand by! Flea! 'Cool!
Sounds funny now, but it's really not.
Intagliata was out chasing breakfast.
That's a good story.
Brother said it was worth it.
"G.I.
She made it through S.E.R.E.
"G.I.
Huh? 20 years in the Pentagon, I finally rate an office with a window -- and it looks out over the world's largest graveyard.
This way, lieutenant.
We hugged.
Lieutenant j.g.
How can I help you?
He was only too happy to oblige.
Good night, sir.
Still good?
Looks good.
(smiling warmly) Good thing in hindsight.
By the beach.
Well that's great.
Better, a little better.
Thanks.
(smiling) Whoops, he did it again.
(off Jimbo not getting it) The song? From that girl?
How's my Angel tonight?
No, no one was more surprised than we were.
And bless you too.
"...It was my own lovely lady, and she said, oh it's you..." Well come on!
Such a little puppy.
PAUL (cont'd) I've got to see him.
Please.
You know you are... TED (cont'd) ...the most important thing in my life.
(smiling/shouting) Sorry, what was that!
Mr. Watters, this is a nice simple ending.
We like nice simple endings.
So? Trust me.
Good.
You were happy.
Promise?
I promise.
I promise.
MINISTER (cont'd) (just a voice in the white) Why is God, who is a loving God, capable of such things...
That was lovely, thank you so much.
They don't give people a moment's peace, do they?
Enjoy your press conference, Mr. Barnell.
He won't take it well.
Now I noticed a nice looking computer in your office.
Oh, just great.
Sir, with all due respect, he's -- Jesus, we're lucky he's not suing.
Why? Well, while you were off on your little Easter Egg hunt, your junior found us an out on that warehouse robbery.
Are you entertaining?
Can I help you?
(picking it up) It was a gift from Raymond.
...so you gonna head down to Club Med? See how much fun a big bank roll can buy?
Mr. Watters, I love my wife.
PAUL (cont'd) Great.
We couldn't be more pleased.
Good point Bill.
(without a trace of sincerity) Congratulations.
(Ted nods) Now a healthy relationship is... Hey, here we are.
(a long pause) I love my wife, Mr. Watters.
Good.
I like it when you're okay.
Nice work, Captain.
Dawn.
Hey! Move it!
Get a life!
The camera loves him.
It's my first night.
I am the Blue Raja, Master of Silverware... (does a very impressive little flipping thing with his place setting) Wow.
She likes you.
You had such style: the clothes, the dancin', the elegant way you'd snuff a babe.
What about Captain Amazing?
The only thing that's in your way is YOU! Easy for you to say.
The Frankenstein Center for the Arts.
Oh yes.
If Captain Amazing is still in there, we can rescue him--and get on (goes right over the wall) Everything's going exactly as we planned.
My womanizing days are over.
(pulls her into his arms) We're such an incredible team.
(kisses her) Don't crunch the leaves.
Sounds good.
I love mustard.
Well, when I was a kid I grew up on Love Canal- -remember that?--and my brothers and I used to go swimming in it--make Kool-Aid out of it-- stuff like that.
And a social life.
The water's great!
(heavy on the sarcasm) Great picnic, Dad.
But where's Captain Amazing?
Hey, these pool mints are delicious!
Party! (Etc.)
Party! (Etc.)
It said on the card there'd be babes!
I'm his daughter.
Nice car.
What did you do with Captain Amazing?
I'm his daughter.
His daughter?
Looks fine.
This is your dream... and you can't ever give it up.
Sweet dreams, punk.
Brilliant!
He knows that stealth is his greatest weapon, and he always fights as a team... (more) SPHINX (Cont'd) (at Furious) Not like some drunken Tejano on Saturday night.
(after a moment) My father had this friend...
Twenty years ago all the major hoodlums of this city were united into one great brotherhood of evil, and Casanova was their king.
And this has been a pretty nice place to live ever since.
I didn't need you before-- and I don't need you now! (jumps on to his motorcycle) The great ones RIDE ALONE! (kicks the engine started) Adios, muchachos!
(and he rides off across the field) Has he always been like this? (to husband) Oh this place looks great.
Mommy and Daddy will be right beck.
It's nice and cool in here.
And here's a banana for your monkey.
Sounds good to me, Don.
That was easy.
I love this stupid old town.
Underneath all that anger I think there's just a little boy who wants everyone to love him.
(after a moment, sounding very Sphinx-like) We just become like the wolf... who wears the sheep's clothing.
(following the sound) Come on.
(reading her name tag) Monica... Beautiful name.
You know I'm writing a play--it's just a little Broadway thing, but thure's a part in it that I think you'd be perfect for.
I'd love to hear you read it.
That was too close.
Well, brothers, that day has come!
(to Anabel, with a smile) Honey, give the boys a taste.
Don't worry, fellas... (moves to Captain Amazing, and puts his arm chummily around him) I killed him... and I've had him stuffed.
(in a canned voice) Isn't my butt cute in these tights?
(after a moment) Jeffrey... this is wonderful.
Ever since you were a little boy... (gets an idea, excited) Come with me.
Your Great Great Grandmother's wedding silver.
Come on, baby... Come on, baby...
I think you're wonderful.
Our songs, our dreams, our seeds are all just a brave attempt to live forever.
(blows the dandelion seeds into the wind) He is in love.
Great timing!
Your favorite sunglasses!
(with a smile) Remember the cat.
I'd better go.
Come on, baby!
Atta, girl!
I adore you.
I want to make you my bride.
There's just one thing... (with a psychotic smile) I don't need you anymore.
Roy, you're making this too easy.
Nice work.
Thanks, Roland.
It was too easy.
Come on, baby.
Give it up.
It's opening weekend.
Nice handbag.
ALIENS Far better than the original.
Life's subjective.
ALIENS rocked.
A bigger budget does not make a better movie.
Smarter story.
It becomes about: money and no one's interested in quality.
Good for you.
Hello, pledges.
Enjoying yourselves?
We're not here to be loved.
I won the macaroni sundae binge.
My pleasure.
Help... me... It's okay.
Both on campus and the surrounding community.
I counted four.
You are writing another book, aren't you?
You jumped.
That was good.
Look, Hallie, I'll meet you outside.
Please.
Well, yeah... she gave me a job.
That would have been a cool.
I've been waiting for you, baby.
Thanks for the movie, Randy.
Then I'll make this easy for you.
And deep down I'm a good person?
I also know that you're an aging TV reporter slash writer who, despite huge tabloid success, has some self worth issues regarding your personal life which directly effects your professional life in a non-positive manner.
Let 'em have their fun.
You've done nothing but get rich off of me.
Thanks, ladies.
Trust me.
Who do you love?
He's cool, Remy.
He's being toasted at the Deltas.
Smile for the camera.
The story of your life, Sid.
Yeah, how can we help?
We've been planning this baby for a year.
It's a whole world, Sid.
Gale aired it to the world.
Yeah, she's been great, Sid.
Now who won the coin toss?
What are you... Nice kids but a little out there.
Thank God.
Yeah... Thank you.
That's good.
(through a mocking smile) Hello, Brendan.
Kara smiles at Brendan.
Well then I don't think you're invited to my party.
You think you're cute, whoever you are.
With non obtrusive confidence he cuts through the crowd to the beer keg in back and draws half a cup.
Richly adorned, crowded, lit with bright pools of light.
The music comes from a baby grand piano set against one wall.
Laura sings, lovely and soft but with strength.1 Brendan watches from the back, his face obscured in shadow, but his eyes gleam.
Laura finishes the song.
Let me play!' 'No you gotta' 'No, let me play!
I must have sounded pretty crazy on the phone.
Please.
He's a good guy.
He's a good friend.
I loved you alot but I couldn't stand it, I had to get with people.
Best to know it's there, let it ride and see what comes of it.
Time to read's nice.
You've got heart, kid.
No, I'm having too good a time.
That's the spirit.
Loud music plays from the car -- "Sweet Baby James" by James Taylor.1 The car zooms on.
(Brendan blinks) So now you got Tugger to bring you here, which he never does, and you got me listening, so I'm curious what you've got to say that better be really, really good.
Let's get you upstairs, back with the living.
Water's fine, ma'am, thanks.
I'm fine, Mrs. M. Thanks, mom.
Nothing on my official record, but the VPs play it like I owe them one.
So now they think I'm on your trail, I'm in a nice spot to know their movements and feed them yours.
Tolkien, the Hobbit books?
His descriptions of things are really good.
Good.
Please.
I loved her.
And I woulda loved the kid.
Alright, listen- Are you okay?
Also on the DVD.
Four tonight.
For a smart guy you aint too smart.
You and the Pin are going to pow wow, four o'clock tonight, his place.
What would be good enough?
Yeah, it better be!
Deal?
Make peace, huh?
You didn't give her a ride, did you?
Well good thing you weren't there.
You loved her.
That was you, angel.
She trusts you.
God, you're butch.
What is it, baby?
Small time.
I'm a hero.
God, I love this song.
They're heroes.
Wait, this is my favorite part... (in unison) "Through the trees, I will find you.
She's my best friend.
Come on Needy, it's the weekend!
Thursday counts as the weekend in college.
Peach schnapps are excellent.
You look nice.
He thinks he's cute enough for me.
He's got that cool elephant statue in his locker.
They look so-- so cool.
I've heard you guys are super, super good at playing your instruments.
They make this great 9/11 tribute shooter?
(to herself) There's no way I dreamed it.
More than ever, we need to band together and draw strength from each other.
She just stood there, smiling at me, but a bad kind of smile.
Well, I'm glad you made it out.
Thanks.
Right, right.
Like one of those lion doorknockers rich folks got! That'll be your balls!
Good for you.
It's that good.
Besides, you should be happy for me.
I'm having the best day since, like Jesus invented the calendar.
Camille is playing piano.
Chip is looking cute to me lately.
Don't get spooky on me, babe.
Listen, can I copy your bio lab again?
Great!
Colin's a really nice guy.
Thanks.
Well, I'll see you tonight.
My mom has Holiday Scents too, if you're interested.
No, this is nice.
We can play Mommy and Daddy.
Silly.
Nice hardware, Ace.
Perfection.
That's fascinating.
Does your host family know you're alive?
I was so in love with him.
Oh yeah, your mom's an Avon lady.
You look beautiful.
No, you've got that tiny waist, like a fashion model.
One of the great beauties of our time.
Meeting her at the dance.
It's so warm outside.
Big smiles.
That's our lady garden.
(popping balloon) This is my heart.
(popping balloon) My soul.
Welcome to the Turnabout Dance.
We have some very special guests tonight.
Say I'm better than Needy.
Well, hi there Camille!
My God, your hair is... Which way did he go?
Ha ha.
Please come here and kiss me again.
I was the Snowflake Queen!
It took weeks, but I finally made my move.
I'm following this rock band.
Coffee and twinkies.
Morning, sir.
Morning, Ed.
Have a good day, sir.
Good morning, Dr. Caine.
Isabelle ... MATT (cont d) Calm down baby.
Heart rate s up.
We can see the heart beating in the ape s I got an erratic heart beat.
Come on, monkey.
(beat) How is she? (surprised) I think she s gonna be okay Amazing.
We should celebrate.
I mean... well ... I just want you to know how proud I am of you.
You should be happy.
I'm happy to take your place.
So Superman starts thinking, "man... this is too easy.
So, what was it like?
Please.
No. I...I'm fine.
Whatever doesn't kill me, makes me stronger.
(surprised) Dr. Caine.
Thanks, but everything's cool.
I'll meet you at the lab.
No. He's taken his make-up off.
Relax, Linda.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Why so cheery this morning?
I'm happy if I make it to my coffee machine.
I trust you.
When you were a kid, you ever dream about being invisible?
What if you were out there in the world and could do whatever you wanted with no consequences whatsoever.
I mean, there's a responsibility... Let's say you saw a woman with amazing tits.
Thanks.
Relax... it's nothing.
Thank you, sir.
HELP! What?
Thank you.
Fun's over.
The freedom.
I got movement again!
He's right on top of you!
He's close!
I'm your friend.
Nice shot.
He surprised us.
Thank you.
A signal honor to work with you, sir.
Thank you, Sergeant.
She had lunch with her father.
Lunch with her father - you seconded to that detail?
He don't want to talk... (he holds out his hand, and an Aide puts some papers into it) Here's what we have him doing with his Female Students, show 'em to his wife...The Photo...? (one of the agents brings in two photographs) Here is the last known photo...of the girl.
The lab ran it up, based on the testimony of the beauty shop.
Calm down, Son.
The Secret Service.
The Secret Service?
That's right, that's right.
Please.
He turns the sign rightside up to show it is a 'cockeyed smile') What is this sign?
(smiles) Cause she looks at everything cockeyed...Like Picasso - she said they called her "Picasso".
We ran it up from a description of the colorist from the Beauty Parlor... Gimme your coat.
(pause) Nice place you got here.
You from out of town...? Yeah, you know, actually, I was just looking for my Daughter... (as he smiles) ...that's what you're looking for...? ...I.
No, I...Oh, no... (smiling) You sure...? Abso, absolutely... ...girl like that been in tonight...? ...pretty girl... None prettier.
Wait...Wait...Wait... ...okay, then... ...beautiful night... (nods) 'Less you got hayfever... (he gestures at the flowering trees) ...you left something back inside.
Green Card, in... Have you seen this girl...? We see a lot of girls.
Is that her...? ...come over here, you little bitch...That's right, get your sweet ass over here... (to an Agent) Make him watch it.
I...I...listen...listen: I'm a wealthy man.
The jackals start a feeding frenzy, and she's red.
Help me.
(he gestures to the Aide, who shows to Burch and the camera a photo of a smiling man in his forties, in an expensive suit.
Of photo:) This is Eli Assani.
...they're moving... (of the hand) ...what is this...? (as he looks down, and then realizes the nature of the question) ...it's a wedding ring.
Softly) How you doing bright eyes...? (Anton nods.
Yeah, he done ate from the tree of knowledge, our Sierra Two Twelve.
Scott motions for them to be quiet) ...got some business to do... ...help me... ...yeah, I heard yah... Yeah, Baby.
Help me.
Listen to me...listen...make one call.
(pause) Because, Baby, you just did that fucken good turn, going to Make You Rich, Fat, and Happy... ...just get me on that plane.
You will have...the most beautiful... ...most beautiful women, eh?
In Yemen... Well, that's a long way from Tiperrary, pal... ...what do you have here...? Yeah, but I'm not cut out, to live in a fucken tent.
(Assani laughs) If you think you can imagine luxury...I am here to tell you, my friend... (he smiles broadly) Well, may it Just Be So...
We ship them Rough, we make them Smooth, and everybody's happy.
Well, then, you're a philosopher...huh...? How 'bout making me happy tonight...
...uh huh... (drawing him back, as if saying LISTEN:) I saw the sign...at the Cape.
(he closes the notes, as if completing his presentation) As time passes, you may remember other aspects of...well, (the Interrogator stands) You've heard this speech before... ...would be most grateful, sir, to be included on the mission.
as he extends his hand) Thank you, Bobby... ...please don't touch that.
And returns to watching the television) ...you get a chance to bowl in that tournament...? (to himself) ...beautiful girl... ...you say something, Mister...? No, I was looking at the television.
What are you "rich"?
Was it more fun than Miniature Golf...? I want a favor.
I saved your life.
At the beach house.
To the beach house.
The Secret Service Agent.
Thank you.
(pause) I trusted you with my life.
Thanks.
He smiles weakly) 'Nother "irregular Confession".
Now: you did me the honor to Call me.
(pause) (pointing at the paper) ...this girl's alive...
Her father was in town, they pulled the Secret Service Detail off her, to take him tomcatting.
Yeah, that's a good one.
I want what you promised me... (as if reluctant to impart the information) ...I've, I've already made a deal with... Yeah, but you haven't made a deal with me...So, today is Your Lucky Day, cause you get to Do, what Most Men only Dream of: You get to make Another Human Being Happy.
(softly) You had your fun, now pay for it, Jim.
The Friends of your Friend, (he gestures at a photo of Assani) Operate there, if you will, a "halfway house".
Now and again, a North American Girl, if she is exceedingly lovely,...blonde, usually blonde... (he passes the photos of very beautiful young girls across the table, to Scott) Will, unfortunately, find her way to Dubai.
Keep it together.
No, no...come on baby...come on, come on girl: just walk to the plane: Just Get On the Plane...WALK TO THE PLANE... Shussh, baby... shussh... shussh... it's going to be alright... This's going to make Everything Allright... No! Leave her Alone.
(to his men) Don't shoot him, don't shoot, you'll blow the thing sky high... Laura... Thank God we Found you.
(weakly, almost whispering) ...well, then... ...that's right, Baby... Exactly.... (sighs, raising his glass) Happy... Anniversary.
You two have led an extraordinarily blessed life.
JAKE(cont'd) (looks to Jane) The Two Women exchange a quick look when a tall, ADORABLE 21 YEAR OLD BOY joins the group, holding a bottle of beer.
Jane glances across the party and sees AGNESS, A FREE SPIRITED PRETTY WOMAN in her thirties, wearing a sarong over a bathing suit and walking directly toward them.
Jane works hard at not appearing flustered) (to Jake & Agness) Jane smiles tightly, raises her eyebrows to Sally.
and sees Jane is gone. in jeans and a tank top CARRYING A CARTON OF BOOKS, A YOGA MAT AND A SMALL LAMP.
(Gabby's BLACKBERRY BUZZES, she laughs, thumbs flying) (looking up) (to Harley) (exhausted) Gabby and Harley CARRY THE BOXES back into the house.
Harley joins the group.
Jane loves that Harley said that.
Love you.
Books and art collected over years.
A large, bright, bustling BAKERY/RESTAURANT.
Adam is handsome in a way that sneaks up on you.
(to Peter) So excited!
On the walls, posters for Jane's two cookbooks, framed food photos and a few reviews.
(finally noticing him) (shakes his hand) (laughs) Jane smiles as her Office Manager sticks her head in the door.
The Couple looks at each other, smiling privately.
Jane lies on top of one of the beds, fully dressed, shoes off, eyes wide open.
It's fun being in a big city.
Jake's laugh.
Jake notices her and smiles.
New drinks arrive for Jane and Jake.
So...how are things in the fertility world?
I thought we were going to have fun.
The man's married now.
Jane and Jake are finally eating but still drinking.
Jake is telling Jane a long story and she can't stop laughing.
A DJ spins for the after dinner crowd.
Couples dance on the dance floor.
Jane and Jake both react to the song.
This song reminds me of your birthday party... the one in our old house... -- Oh, yeah.
That was such a fun night.
So fun.
-- No...! Jake and Jane are dancing...it's familiar yet with the blush of the new.
Jake starts singing.
They both laugh then Jake pulls Jane close.
(sexy....) Hey....
Jake cups his hand on Jane's vagina, gives it a solid pat and hold.
Home sweet home.
So proud of you.
Be good.
(she arrives at Jake, pauses, speechless) (kisses her cheek) It was really fun.
Here's the good news.
Why am I having trouble seeing that as good news?
Blue prints are spread on a garden table.
Yes, I'd love that.
She thanks him with her eyes.
So, I think next we should stake out the addition... see how it all feels - size wise... Sounds great.
We did good work today.
Jake, nice meeting you.
Jake smiles and waves as Adam exits, walking to his car.
(Jane shudders) You were so great.
So loose and sexy.
Oh, so you're saying you think this is a healthy choice for me?
We're having an affair.
Please...
He gets her to smile.
Yeah, it's feeling really good.
Love it.
(laughs at Adam) Feels perfect.
It's gonna be cool.
Jane breaks into a smile.
(grabs her heart) Yeah.
Can you help?
Adam stands nearby with a glass of wine, jacket off.
That looks amazing.
Jane raises her wine glass.
Thank you for taking my 47 e-mails and turning them into something so beautiful.
Something in the you're too nice department..? Yes, that and my wife fell in love with my best friend.
Ex-best friend.
We were all on a biking trip, he and his wife, me and my wife...through Tuscany and on the last day of the trip they announced they were in love.
She smiles, wiping the counter.
She kisses him on the cheek.
Jane gives in and kisses Jake fully on the lips.
Sounds great.
One of the younger women whispers... Have fun...
Smiles.
Harley and Lauren are having lunch in the CAFE connected to the Lobby.
-- Luke's so excited about his party.
I would love that.
Jake smiles appreciatively, crosses to Jane, hugs her.
This has been a great day for us.
(fixes Jake's hair) We have a date.
Jake grabs his heart.
Jane leans on him, a smile on her face as we begin to HEAR MUSIC.
She's singing along with the music.
Jane finishes off icing the cake like the pro she is then peeks into the oven, looks at her perfect roast chicken.
(places it back on the night stand) Carry him to his bed, will you?
Agness pulls her t-shirt over her head... she is gorgeous.
Jake offers a comforting smile and Pedro closes his eyes.
The table is set with flowers from the garden.
Jane, Gabby, Lauren and Harley are in the kitchen, cooking, setting the table, opening wine, chatting.
Who wants wine?
Yo... (sheepishly joins the group, eyes on Jane) (briskly) Harley takes a huge gulp of his wine.
Jake looks at the table set for five, wishes he was joining them.
Starts fanning herself.
Hey, at least she's finally cooking.
So...see everybody at the party tomorrow... Yeah.
It's gonna be so fun.
Candles dot the path up to the cottage door.
The Kids laugh.
Jane greets them back with a huge hug.
Hi... love your dress.
Adam and Jane stifle laughs.
Looks like it's going great -- Adam is a big hit.
He sees the Kids disperse, finishes off his vodka, ready to make his move.
(starts moving to the music - Jane laughs) By the way -- How great is this party?
Why shouldn't I be... you're my... Jane blurts out a laugh.
A small group is dancing to a hip hop song on the patio.
Adam and Agness are dancing together.
Jane makes her way to the dance floor as the song ends and The Beach Boys "Wouldn't It Be Nice" begins.
Jake follows Jane dancing his way toward the crowd, spinning Gabby on his way.
Jake takes Jane's hand...dances with her.
(to Agness) Sweetest divorced couple in the world..! Agness is surprised by how happy Jake looks with Jane.
Fun is not overrated, is it?
Your age is one of my favorite things about you.
Officially now the best date of my life.
Honey, set the table, I'll be right in.
Luke and Lauren join Gabby on the porch.
Harley joins the Kids.
His mood has been lifted.
His energy is in full bloom.
Mommy's the best cook in the world!
Jane is working in the garden.
She looks up, Jake stands before her, a cute smile breaking across his face.
Thank you for saving me Janey.
Agreed this was the right thing to do?
Jane can't help but smile.
I slept great.
The Adlers are watching The Graduate.
Jake, shoes off, hands everyone bowls of popcorn.
The Singleman party, sir?
She looks over at Jake snuggling between the Kids, all eating popcorn and laughing.
I loved tonight.
Thank you.
Jane laughs.
(rises) Hi.
Well, anyway, it's better to say these things in person.
Adam smiles.
Side by side, they swing in the late afternoon breeze.
Being with you Jane is the best I'm gonna be.
I wanted it to be good.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Thunder rattles the sky.
Welcome to the program... POV Bourne walks down a corridor (corridor #1).
I'll meet you at the newsstand.
SCREENS coming alive again.
Alive.
Thank you.
VOSEN watches...
VOSEN stares daggers at her. Do you have a better idea?
BOURNE answers her in perfect Spanish with a perfect Madrid accent, but worked up, like a civilian would be... 334 Calle Norte.
Vosen and Landy are watching this live.
We can't let them meet.
Good.
Bourne puts the photo of Daniels and Hirsch on the table between them.
She looks at the photo, points.
Why are you helping me?
Then he puts his thumb into a print reader.
He pulls out a file marked "Top Secret."
"Meet me Tangier Cafe Paris" The bomb is finished on the Work table.
Stationery at Place de France.
That's where Parson's is.
Landy watches.
You start down this path...where does it end?!
A screen comes alive.
Bourne's alive.
CRONIN watches.
Jason Bourne is alive and at large in New York City.
She jumps in.
He jams the accelerator down.
You better get a good lawyer.
Bourne looks up "flashback style"-- Bourne remembers that keypad, that "room in use" sign from the first day... Bourne and Hirsch enter...
You volunteered right here....
Just like thousands of others, except you were a prodigy with languages...and a perfect shot.
A small gash on his forehead.
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Kale, you have to climb up -- No -- I'm not leaving -- Kale -- NO -- Dad, please, I've got you -- (with a slight smile) I know -- (prelap) (subtitles as needed) Este verano, despues This summer, after visiting de visitar Hawaii, Hawaii, I will perhaps quizas visitare a mis visit my grandparents in abuelos en Corea.
Quizas they will take me to a me llevaran a una playa beach on the French Riviera en la riviera francesa so that I may gaze upon de modo que pueda mirar the natural beauty of its sobre la belleza natural female inhabitants.
de sus habitantes femeninos... (under her breath) Keep dreaming, perv.
Quizas Thank you, Ronnie.
You can thank your counselors and lawyer later.
What if he accidentally goes beyond -- (anticipating; re: red light on bracelet) Red light flashes.
Now, I'll be checking up on you a lot.
Dinner's on the table.
-- Fascinating.
Mr. Pilch... arriving from the office... Great, that still doesn't explain why you're in a bathrobe at four in the afternoon.
Nope, no I'm fine.
Please.
I'd help, but... (re: ankle bracelet) I'm a little spatially challenged at the moment.
(off her laugh) So where'd you move from?
(cracking a smile) Wait, I -- (from inside house) Ashley?
A dent -- Jesus, mom! Christ, Kale!
Oh, it's so warm, baby... Cleansing breath... Concentrate now.
(peering out) She's got great lung capacity.
Nice to meet you.
Okay, fine, stakeout.
(re: Giles) Cute for a killer.
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Bright green bracelet's "The Pyramids," purple's "Club 360," the big black stamp's from "Flavor." (over the above) Missing girl was seen at a club.
Didn't say which one though... (then aside to Ashley) Your I.D. must be pretty good.
(with a smile) I don't need one.
(taking Ashley's hand) A pleasure.
No, I'm fine.
(with a smile) I'm at Barnes and Noble.
Good.
I'm going in the morning.
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso (laughs) Oh.
Kale, I ran into Mr. Giles at -- Robert... (smiles) ...At the grocery.
You saved my life.
(CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso Thanks, man.
Oh, hey, Kale... (as Kale turns back) Nice to finally meet you.
Kale, you're welcome to come, but -- (with attitude) Well, I appreciate the thought.
It's funny, though.
Take it easy, that's sixty gigs of my life.
I'm trying to enjoy my party.
Great cover -- (CONTINUED) D.J. Caruso It's not a cover -- So what is it, Kale?
You better see this.
Whenever you're ready.
Ronnie, you're good -- Ronnie?
(stepping closer) Great, Kale.
What Ronnie and I are seeing right now.
I'm not seeing it -- Stay calm, it's there.
Kale screams, digs his hands into the earth, trying to pull himself forward, but Giles is too strong.
It's funny, I hear a lot of authors say their first books were easy, it's the second one that's really hard.
You should feel good, Kale, you guys saved her life.
So, you're a hero, Kale.
They share a smile as Ashley ducks into the porch door leading to Kale's room.
Plain and simple.
Off this we -- This is your third test today, Mama Bear.
It's easy to tell.
I just drank my weight in Sunny D. and I have to go, pronto.
Well, it's not.
You're not a lion in a pride!
(to himself) These kids, acting like lions with their unplanned pregnancies and their Sunny Delights.
God, it's unholy.
Did you have a big lunch?
It's not a food baby.
I drank like ten tons of Sunny Delight.
Is that how this blessed miracle came to be? Nah, it was a premeditated act.
You love him.
Hey, cool tiger.
Looks proud.
Snow Peak Peach is the best flavor of Boone's.
Better?
Okay, good.
Okay, next Saturday?
Great.
Good.
I'm good.
(pause) Did you finish that paper for Worth's class yet?
Wise move.
Well, it was nice seeing you.
Welcome to Women's Choice, where women are trusted friends.
I'm off sex.
Paulie is virile, by the way.
Yeah, well, there's this couple who've been trying to have a baby for five years.
I'm going to meet with them next weekend.
Well, I'm not ready to be a mom.
No. Well, you're a brave young lady.
You're made of stronger stuff than I thought.
Oh Mac, no! He's a sweet kid.
Thank you.
(in exaggerated, growling German accent) Geeeerta Rauuuss! (straight) Nice to meet you.
Junebug has a wonderful sense of humor, which is just one of her many genetic gifts.
I also have good teeth.
We finally got fluoridated water in Dancing Elk.
We're fine, thank you.
You should be happy, Holmes.
I'm giving you and Vanessa the gift of life.
Sweet, screaming, pooping life!
It's beautiful.
I rock a Harmony.
When was this, like '96? '93.
I'm telling you that was the best time for rock and roll.
You weren't there, so you can't understand the magic.
You guys are playing music?
That's great, right?
What a trip, man.
You should grow a moustache.
So why don't you go back to night school in Manteno and learn a real trade!
I love it.
What is it with you rich people and your herb-infused juices?
(singing) Titanium Power!
Behold, good sir!
It's only my favorite song.
(excited) I've heard the Carpenters before.
(lipsynching) Don't you remember you told me you loved me, baby... Hey, I like this.
What did you say your favorite band was?
Please.
It was nice seeing you guys again.
I can have friends who are married.
Wow, dream big! Oh, go fly a kite.
When we made out, the day I got pregnant, his mouth tasted really tangy and delicious.
The guy is super cool!
I think you're beautiful.
Once Tino gets a new drumhead we should be good to go.
Once we get the baby, God willing, we can create a more decisive palette.
Wow! It's magical.
Trust me, you don't.
I was there for her birthday about four years ago and it was like Lipton Landing.
Yeah, well, Bleek trusted me.
We're best friends.
She seems so nice and all.
Prom is for wenises, anyway.
Your mom must be really glad you're not taking me.
And I doubt she was actually giving you the stinkeye.
Have fun at the prom with Soupy Sales.
I'm sure I can think of something way more cool to do that night.
This isn't what we agreed on.
You are the chosen custodians of the big-ass bump!
But I thought you'd be cool if... (interrupting) I want you guys to adopt the Buglet.
Listen, once I have the baby, Vanessa is going to finally be happy, and everything will be all right.
A baby is not going to fix everything.
This... (he gestures to the dank surrounding room) ...this is what my life has become.
If you love someone once, you can love them again, I know it.
My friend Leah has gone out with the same guy, like, four times.
God, you're so young.
The nursery.
A man becomes a father when he sees his baby.
What would be a good time for you?
Be a rock star?
Grow up.
I never said I'd be a great father.
Well, honey, doctors are sadists who like to play God and watch lesser people scream.
Healthy kid, too.
Someday, you'll be back here, honey.
He is the cheese to my macaroni.
You're a part time lover and a fulltime friend.
We both have shiny happy fits of rage.
I'm in love with how you feel.
I kiss you on the brain in the shadow of a train.
The pebbles forgive me, the trees forgive me.
I trust you gentlemen know the very sassy Roxanne Ritchi, highly regarded investigative journalist who some say has a more than friendly relationship with our super powered foe Uberman.
Over here, old friend.
It's a sport of honor, focus and grace.
Honor the ball, focus on the pins, release the ball not hard and fast, but as if you were releasing a baby dove.
Tell me how my form looks, honey.
Oh, it's lookin' good.
Thank-you!
It's...um...It's good to be back.
Thanks for everyone's cards and concerns.
Come on into my office, sweetie.
Frank, listen.
I thought you'd be happy to have me back.
Bake sales and pet stories.
We now return to "The Hero of our Hearts: The Uberman story."
(feigning pleasure) Great, great.
I know how you love to start reactors.
You've stopped going on jobs and spend most of your time watching Uberman specials.
I have more wealth than a thousand Sultans.
He was a man married to his work.
Good.
You don't look so good, man.
I am the guide on your journey.
Thank God.
You are being rewarded for being a man of great moral fortitude with an unwavering belief in humanity.
I am to train you so you may fulfill your destiny to defeat the great menace to Metro City: Master Mind.
Trust me.
Do not fire that thing!
Listen, I...I really enjoyed talking with you the other day.
...As did I. Great.
(excited) I'd love to!
Great.
Man, that is so cool.
It sounds like he was a special man.
Well, boys, there's no need for all this just to get the free toaster.
Hey, George, here comes the sun.
This story's mine.
Listen, Brad.
Today, at the Metro Savings and Trust, a masked mystery man single-handedly defeated "The Fab Four Gang."
They will love him just as they loved Uberman.
THAT is none of your business, knave!
A super soaker?
You Master Brain guy.
You a hero.
Yes, we've created our hero, now it's time to give him a little motivation.
To be simply good is not enough.
It's his first time and we don't want to get in a lucky shot, now do we?
Wonderful, wonderful.
Well, at first I was going to.
Uberman had a sense of decency and genuine love for the people.
Yes, but he possesses the same flaws present in Uberman's DNA - copper.
I have a better idea - NOW! That's copper my good man.
MASTER MIND(cont'd) For all your amazing gifts of brawn you are no match for my intellect.
What's funny?
That's my diary.
My goal was to give MYSELF purpose by creating an intellectual sparring partner.
Yeah, good to know - NOW! That's right, I'm really Hal Stewart.
Former hero and bowling teacher at Kingpin's Bowling.
Should I be a hero?
Two lives, yet in both you were an ideal.
Good and evil have a way of balancing themselves out.
You were a good foe.
But I'm ready to move on to greener pastures.
That's one was for you, beer.
It's been a little crazy trying to live up to a legacy.
He will use this giant concrete bowling ball to play the largest game of bowling ever using the buildings of downtown Metro City as his pins.
(in quiet professional bowler announcer voice) Like Tiger before him, a young savior has come to raise a sport from the ashes.
Rookie Hal Stewart, a young man with a dream, realizing that dream here today, folks.
Well, Hal looks very much at home right were he is - with a ball in hand and glory in his sights.
Here's one for the record books!
I'm alive.
Uberman's alive!
We're saved!
Welcome to Paintown.
Time to finish this.
They're cheering for me.
You saved them.
You're the hero.
What is a Hero?
That one week is going to cost me my best photographer -- and you a big assignment.
Didn't I tell you it was the next place to watch?
Readers' Digest, April, 1939.
Well, I only quote from the best.
You're pleading, "Judge, it was only innocent fun.
I love my neighbors like a father."
Those sultry sun-worshipers you watch haven't raised your temperature one degree in four weeks.
A beautiful young woman, and you a reasonably healthy specimen of manhood.
(Looking up from the table) Going on right here.
(Smiling) That's because I bought out the house.
This cigarette box has seen better days.
Picked it up in Shanghai -- which has also seen better days.
The "21." Thank you for waiting Carl.
I'll take the wine.
Good evening, Mr Jefferies.
(Enthusiastically) Let's open the wine now.
Corkscrew's on the right.
Thank you.
Back to the "21" for lunch with the Harper's Bazaar people -- that's when I ordered dinner.
She had on a mint green -- And to think, I planted three nice items about you in the columns today.
That's good news.
I'd better start setting up for dinner.
Now if you want to get vicious, I'd be very happy to accommodate you! (Wearily) No.
(Simply) I'm in love with you.
I don't care what you do for a living.
You have the town in the palm of your hand.
Not, at least until -- (She begins smiling) -- tomorrow night.
Goodnight, old buddy.
The insurance Company would be a lot happier if you slept in your bed, not the wheelchair.
Someday she'll find her happiness.
You'd better before you catch the disease!
Lots of men don't speak to their wives all day.
Well, I usually took my best pictures on my day off.
Stella, I -- I can't tell you what a welcome sight this is.
Well then do a good job of it!
(Back to paper) The message read "Arrived O.K. Already feeling better.
A good detective.
(A slight smile) Goodnight, Mrs Doyle.
Thorwald's getting ready to pull out for good!
(Stares out the window, exasperated) He was just laying all his things out on one of the beds!
Well that's fine, but I only have one bed, and -- Say anything else, and I'll stay tomorrow night too.
I'll trade you -- my feminine intuition for a bed for the night.
(Gives in smiling) I'd be no better than Thorwald, to refuse.
Where does a man get the inspiration for a song like that?
It's utterly beautiful.
(Happily) I do?
(She smiles) And beside, you're not up on your private eye literature.
The same girl who keeps him out of the clutches of seductive show girls, and over-passionate daughters of the rich.
The coffee will be ready soon.
Destination: Merritsville.
You'd think we could be a little bit happy that the poor woman is alive and well.
Whatever happened to that old saying "Love Thy Neighbor."
Thank you.
Well, why not?
The flowers in Thorwald's pet flower bed.
This is the baby sitter.
Thank you.
Smart girl.
In the right hand drawer.
I'll give you a good look out the window.
Jeff -- Jeff darling!
Thorwald's ready to take us on a tour of the East River.
(with studied modesty) Oh, thank you.
And we're thrilled you're interested.
Oh, thanks, wow.
That's nice to hear.
Well, thanks.
Laroche is a fun character, isn't he?
And Orlean makes orchids so fascinating.
Great, sprawling New Yorker stuff.
Okay, great, great.
Great.
Well, thanks again.
Your photo in the trades and everything.
Did you open your present from mom yet?
So, there're no guidelines, and that's good because -- What about Flowers for Algernon?
I'm a hero.
The flowers are saved.
Laroche and nature win.
A beautiful orange orchid blooms in time- lapse -- KAUFMAN (V.O.) (cont'd) The camera circles it, revealing how lovely and perfect and sweet and inviting and delicate and... Cool.
Heh-heh.
Sweet, sweet Diane.
Well, we'd better get started, huh, baby?
I dropped turtles when I fell in love with Ice Age fossils.
The only thing that made you ten year old life worth living?
I once fell deeply, profoundly in love with tropical fish.
And I love the ocean!
Red hair and nice?
(thrilled she remembered) Okay, yeah!
That sounds great!
Thank you.
That's really sweet of you.
Beautiful flowers.
A friend of mine has a pretty little pink one, grows right on a tree branch.
Epiphytes grow on trees, but they're not parasites.
Well, I'm impressed.
That's great.
Hey, Dora! Good, good.
He's funny, right?
The book has no story.
No one in town can make up a crazy story like you.
I have a responsibility... Anyway, I wanted to grow as a writer, do something profound and simple.
Show people how amazing flowers are.
Are they amazing?
He's funny.
Okay, he says, okay, he says, I love to mutate plants, he says, mutation is fun... Okay, we show flowers and, okay, we have to have the court case.
Okay we show Laroche, okay, he says, I was mutated as baby, that's why I'm so smart...that's funny.
Nursery business good, Johnny?
Everything's good, Uncle Jim.
Amen, honey.
What an amazing opening!
A Few Good Men!
(laughing) You want to make this into a movie?
Laroche is such a fun character.
No shit I'm a fun character.
I've got to write it first.
LAROCHE (cont'd) "Crazy White Man" is a good title for the movie.
Pink string beans!
(yelling) Pink String Beans!
Pink String Beans!
Listen, John -- We'll get into plant multiplication.
It's a good time.
So if it's a question of productivity -- They're gonna fire me.
Thank you for your time.
(beat) Where's a nice place to live if you don't have a car?
I came up with all these amazing twists out of nowhere.
The golden light of the afternoon sun caresses her sweet face.
I got stuff... I'm so thrilled I get to adapt your book, get to merge my thoughts with yours.
I love that.
You adapting my book?
KAUFMAN (cont'd) This is good.
Good.
Great.
I told her you were making terrific progress and she's really excited to read the script.
Good.
And she said she'd love to meet you.
Tell Susan I'd be very happy to meet her at a future date.
Good enough.
And tell her how much I love her book.
Nice talking to you.
Good.
"The great poet, in writing himself, writes his time."
It sounds good, buddy.
It's a world of words to the end of it./In
which nothing solid is its solid self.
Um, the other reason I'm calling is to tell you Me, Myself, and I is just amazing.
The best spec script I've read this year.
Good.
He's really goddamn amazing at structure.
Adios, buddy.
Nothing as trivial as words is at the heart of this great art, my friends.
Rules to short-cut yourself to success.
MCKEE (cont'd) Okay, one hour for lunch.
The key to originality is not eccentricity.
Long speechs are antithetical to the nature of cinema.
Look at the second hand on your watch as it makes one complete rotation around the clock face and you'll get an idea of how intolerable that would be for an audience.
And that's an important point.
There's not a person in this world -- and I include myself in this -- who would be interesting enough to take as is and put in a movie as a character.
It'll be good.
I'm looking for the Johnson family.
I got your Johnson family right here.
Honey, come back to bed.
I'm the guy adapting her book.
This is the fellow adapting your book for the movies, darling'.
Good.
Please.
You adapting my book?
You can laugh, but I didn't make that line up.
That's a quote from your book.
I'm laughing at who I used to be.
So now you learned about passion.
My back is fine.
(weak smile) You got a fucking awesome third act.
I love your gun, baby.
I'd just stare at your picture, and you looked so sweet.
You said he was handsome even though he had no front teeth -- Oh, Johnny.
You're really so wonderful.
So wonderful.
It's so beautiful.
I love you.
My brother is a great writer!
He saved my life.
(proudly) Yeah.
Oh, I love McKee! (recognizes Kaufman, gets reserved) Oh, hi.
This is Geena Martinez, how are you this morning?
Whatever it is, I'm gonna find out and sooner is a hell of lot better than later.
Thanks.
(to Photographer) Get me good faces on the crowd here.
(not satisfied she really means it) This is the anniversary of the summer of love and your city fathers have declared a Festival of Love.
We're gonna have a bunch of clapped out old hippies blissing on the Grateful Dead! Sleeping in the park, smoking dope and sticking tulips up their ass.
(exiting) Good.
The moon bike.
Make your coffee?
Make the beds?
(looking around) I want to tell you it's a great honor to meet you and talk to you.
The politicians don't want panic headlines spoiling the Festival of Love.
Well, let's thank God you and Inspector Goetz are on the case, then.
I really admire everything you've done; it would be an honor to work with you, and we need all the help we can get, especially yours.
She likes you , Rube.
He only scored 40 percent, four out of ten criteria?
Well, you outranked me , Nikko.
(maddeningly) God, you're cute when you're mad.
Honest to God, Ruben!
He's proud of his accomplishments.
It's good for you.
It's good medicine.
That's amazing.
Thanks.
Please?
Needle marks, fresh, here.
Ruben, Dr. Hudson wants me to thank you for taking care of her last night.
So far nothing they test for comes up positive.
Why should I trust you?
Please.
It's okay... you're safe with me!
I liked it.
Well, if you have a taste for this experience You're flushed with your very first success Then you must try a twosome or a threesome Before your conscience bothers you much less.
Together we can be unbeatable.
Any God that loved his people would give women a rewind on their life and an erase button.
You're young.
How wonderful.
They send him back here, I'll kick his ass good.
Helen, how is life, you okay?
You know -- you're blessed by Jesus.
Here... I'm finished... (to Kid) I'm going to the coffee machine.
You don't listen very good.
You get me out first.
(beat) You loved him.
Welcome to weekend gridlock on the Freeways!
Everybody heading for the mountains and or the sea, (sings) "by the sea, by the sea, by the beautiful sea," and my-oh-my what a mess!
Good God.
So was my jacket which I'd tossed to Hal when I was dancing.
You come watch our boys in action... (under his breath) Well, thank you, too.
Thank you...
Good police work.
Don't ever forget how good you are.
I love you.
This is brand new!
(beat) Well, thanks.
This is all a damned inconvenience... (laughter from the crowd) While you're happily settling in on the Titan, I'll have to train a new first officer; no doubt a stern martinet who'll quote the rule book at me and never... ever... allow me to go on away missions.
(laughter) ... Then there's the matter of my new counselor.
It'll serve you right.
No? Very well then... Will Riker, you have been my trusted right arm for fourteen years; you have helped keep my course true and steady.
Deanna Troi, you have been my conscience and best guide, the touchstone to the better parts of myself.
He just likes things the way he likes them... (he looks at her, smiles) Of course, so do I.
Really, Captain, it was a lovely toast.
In my study of Terran and Betazoid conjugal rites I have discovered it is traditional to present the "happy couple" with a gift.
Given Commander Riker's affection for archaic musical forms I have elected to present the following as my gift in honor of their conjugation.
If you please, Mister Band Leader, a-one and a-two and... (sings) "Blue skies, smiling at me, Nothing but blue skies do I see.
Never saw the sun shining so bright, Never saw things going so right..." (groans) Ugghhh... Irving Berlin.
With pleasure, Captain.
I'm so glad you made it back to the Enterprise before I left.
I was not suited for the life of a... diplomat.
I've been saving this.
So... To happy endings.
To happy endings.
I noticed an interesting confluence of emotion at the wedding.
Will and Deanna joining the Titan.
That is because you have a familiarity with them.
They've made important choices; they're going to have great challenges ahead of them.
(looking at star chart) Still well on our side...
Engage.
Thank you, Data.
(he smiles) Let's see what she can do.
Thank you.
Fascinating...
Thank you.
(smiles) He must have Klingon blood.
Good to see you.
(smiles) With or without the rest of the fleet?
New Praetor?
(smiles wryly) The Son'a, the Borg, the Romulans, the evil Soran and that pesky Nexus.
(to Helm) Lay in a new course... Take us to Romulus.
At present he serves no useful function.
I do not believe he would have wanted the B-9 to live out his life in his present state.
You feel comfortable with that?
Why have you asked for our presence here?
But I didn't know you were so beautiful.
(softly) On the world I come from there's no light.
Beauty isn't important.
(he smiles) There's so much we have to talk about.
We want peace.
When was he... created?
(she kisses him) Come to bed.
This is so good.
(smiles) There is that.
From the first time the Vulcans came to Earth we've sought a future of peace.
Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friendship.
It has the ability to consume organic material at the subatomic level.
He was a bit proud as I recall.
Whatever he's after, it's not peace.
(to comm) On my way... (stands) Jean Luc -- whatever you were -- right now you're the man you've made yourself.
Welcome home.
Tea, hot.
So, human... you've met your better self!
Listen to him, android.
I look forward to the sport.
My mission was a success, sir.
Good work.
Ready, Captain.
He was engineered to skip thirty years of life.
He wasn't designed to live a complete, human life span.
Brother.
(quietly) To seek out new life and new civilizations.
Although you share the same genetic structure, the events of your life have created unique individual.
To be better than I am.
And looked up at the stars.
PlCARD Agreed.
Captain Picard, will you join me in your Ready Room?
Your hands, your eyes, your nature, are the same as mine.
Do you have life support?
(spinning to his Viceroy) Prepare a boarding party -- BRING Get the cloak back!
Our greater goal is more important, brother.
It's a one way trip.
To absent friends... o family.
But his wonder and his curiosity about every facet of human life helped all of us see the best parts of ourselves.
"Blue skies, smiling at me, Nothing but blue skies do I see."
She's the most beautiful ship I've ever seen.
(with difficulty) Serving with you has been an honor.
The honor was mine.
(smiles) Reminds me of a young doctor I used to know... They're running me ragged.
I love it!
Welcome aboard, Commander.
I was... honored, sir.
It should be exciting.
"Never saw the sun shining so bright, Never saw things going so right.
Noticing the days hurrying by, When you're in love, my how they fly.
Pastry.
Good.
It's remarkable.
It's awesome.
Hey, Spanky, let's go! Look forward to kickin' your puck ass.
Thanks.
That's way more evolved.
Great.
Easy for you, you've got Janine.
Man, I'm gonna' be that wild fling she had with the local dude from the bike shop.
You're gonna' have a great time with her tonight.
I caught him with my best friend.
From this Park Avenue family.
He'd know what kind of mushrooms those are, what the best wine is.
The best wine is beer.
And it's GREEN!
That's sweet.
Friendship.
Great sex.
...You're great, you know?
It must be great at your age.
Looks fine.
Your hair is such an incredible color.
I love it.
I love it.
Thanks.
(to Michelle) Nice to meet you, darling.
Yeah, thanks.
It's amazing.
I tested your hair.
Oh, relax, it's not contagious.
Your first time, you shouldn't be alone.
Victoria's Secret hot.
Welcome to my world.
"You're so beautiful," "I love your smile," "The English Patient was my favorite movie too."
Can I help you?
Thank God.
The important part.
Is he as awesome as I've heard?
It's a girl thing.
This is good!
It's a very special and critical time for a Z, something you'll experience only once in life.
Good game.
Me? You're awesome out there.
Well, she's cool.
What is your deal?!
I love men's clothes.
I'm fine, thanks.
Love, tears.
My God, he's gorgeous.
And the sweetest boy in the world.
Thanks.
And he's my best friend.
"I'm outside of love, To the side or above, I can't find my way with you" "Must be a special view, Finding a me with a you, On the inside of love."
Oh, honey.
I love being with Michelle.
The whole town was ready to lynch us, and we snuck back home... Two AM, you were up drinkin' coffee,...
Looks great on you.
Man, dresses!
Wow, this is intense.
Please.
YES! THANK you!
Oh, and I just bought these incredible Anna Felucci pumps.
I love havin' this chest, these arms!
But most of all,... (grabs his pant crotch) Welcome home, boys!
God, I'm glad you want to be a guy.
You catch the meets?
Is that what you think?! NO! Well, then congratulations!
Well, that's just perfect.
To really make love?
I'm attracted to Max, but I'm in love with Michelle?
Everything reminded me of him.
(laughs) She'd have a field day with that one, huh?
Blink smiles up at the COP.
* (the world's best audience) Ya hear that?
BOY, AIN'T NATURE They move towards a STILL IT'S A FINE LIFE breakfast wagon run by CARRYIN' THE BANNER three NUNS.
THROUGH THE SLUMS -- * ONE NUN ladles coffee from NUNS a large pot into the boys' BLESSED CHILDREN cups; the OTHER NUN hands THOUGH YOU WANDER LOST them each a roll.
The Nun smiles and gives them both one.
Suddenly the music becomes a quiet pulse as the DELANCEY BROTHERS -- OSCAR and MORRIS, two muscle-bound goons -- push with deliberate aggression past Jack and the boys.
* The Newsies love it as Jack deliberately takes a paper, turns and scans.
Seeing Les staring at him, Jack winks.
Les smiles back, fascinated.
* * scans the newspaper for a catchy headline; Race, Crutchy, the others wander up, doing the same.
He backhands Morris who looks surprised.
(earsplitting shout) Extry -- 'Runaway Carriage Crushes Cop!' The Lovers spring apart -- the man looks like he's going to throttle Les, but -- (cooing) Oh, honey... look at that sweet little lamb... David, watching with Jack, can't believe this.
You remind me of me -- and I can't say greater than that.
The boys work the crowd, each in his own style -- (the rookie) Extra, 'Trolley strike drags on!' (the master) Nextry, nextry -- 'Ellis Island in flames -- big con-fla-gration!'
Anyway, I don't think they're chasing us -- Jack scoops up Les -- who's loving it -- and carries him across the plank.
And this is the greatest star of the vaudeville stage today, Miss Medda Larkson, the Swedish Meadowlark.
(accent) Welcome!
I promise.
This kid is good.
She winks at the dazzled boys and hits the stage, singing: (singing) 'MY LOVEY-DOVEY BABY'... etc. David and Jack can't take their eyes off her; Les can't take his eyes off the candy butcher's tray... thru thru 33 33 Les is looking green from all the candy as he follows Jack and David, balancing on trolley tracks.
In the distance, the FAINT sound of SHOUTING/SINGING.
It's the cover of a dime novel with a blue-perfect sky over a perfect yellow desert; a large red sun shines down on a perfect adobe.
(in his sleep) 'Gimme all ya got, baby...' The family is shocked -- except for Jack and David, who sputter into laughter.
The celebration is restored -- Jack digs into an enormous slab of cake, looking around at the smiling faces, for the moment feeling he belongs... How'd your pop get hurt?
Why don't you stay here tonight...? I got my own place... but thanks.
(smiles) Carryin' the banner.
Nobody told the horse.
They smile and continue into -- Jack and Race pay Kloppman for the night.
Brilliant.
It's a nice day.
This is great, Dave, keep talkin' -- It's no joke!
You saw what happened to those trolley workers -- Another great idea!
I'm Denton, New York Sun.
He looks them up and down, then grins.
Jack meets his challenging grin with one of his own.
You're movin' up in the world, Spot -- got a ocean view and everything.
thru thru 58 58 With a bucket of red paint, Crutchy paints a portrait of Pulitzer on an old bedsheet.
Last year he was a hero.
Okay, 'newsies' -- you check the funny papers this morning?
The * MUSIC is BUILDING and -- * SONG: SEIZE THE DAY explodes into full energy as Jack and David lead the Newsies across the square towards the gates.
Jack looks up as David points excitedly to the roofs where -- -- It's Brooklyn to the rescue: Spot Conlon's gang is pelting the Thugs with volleys from their slingshots -- and Spot himself is swinging through the air on a chain hoist into the square.
He grins as Jack runs up -- So, ya showed me!
Jack and Spot spit in their palms, shake hands as -- * MUSICAL REPRISE: "SEIZE THE DAY" begins again; jubilant, victorious -- Jack leaps on a loose horse, pulls David up ALL and they lead an impromptu SEIZE THE DAY victory parade.
We hear EXCITED CHEERING as we GO TO -- A boisterous and happy celebration as dozens of Newsies snatch copies of The Sun from Denton as he passes them out -- Lookit this -- just lookit this, willya -- ?
Listen up, everybody -- !
(reads) 'Like a small but rising storm, the infant newsboys' union continues to gather force -- ' Hey, ya write sweet, Denton -- real sweet.
His eloquence is spellbinding; the Newsies are silent, looking at him with new respect.
The Newsies join in, clapping, whistling, as the reporters hurry out, feeling a little better about themselves.
SNYDER pops a messy eclair in his mouth -- from a large platter of them -- as he glances at the New York Sun.
Crutchy, with a featherduster, is eyeing the eclairs when he sees the picture in the Sun.
(smarmy smile) You have a famous friend, this 'Jack.'... Do you know where he lives...? I never seen the guy, honest.
Darlings, I love you -- I wish * you luck on your rally, I am behind * you one hundred percent.
They write good things about me, the customers flock here like sheep.
(softly) You are so young... Got to be on Monday night.
Can I help you?
Mr. Gammon owns The New York Sun.
That's right -- start fightin' each other!
I say! * (sings) Hiya, Newsies -- what's new?
It's a beautiful, Medda, I tellya, I never heard such beautiful!
(offering a blue marble) My prettiest one, Medda -- it's like your eyes.
I'm afraid so, Race... (sings) The happy song roars inside the theater as the mounted police begin to form a half-circle around the entrance.
I'm Denton of The Sun.
(as Jack cups his ear) Snyder!
(kisses him) Now go.
Please.
Judge Movealong, ya honor, I object.
(proudly) On the grounds of Brooklyn, ya honor!
Meet me back at the square!
The horse runs off.
A special gift to a special new employee.
Denton's story.
He's writin' about you! 'In the voice of Jack Kelly, these children hear strength and pride.
Jack has listened somberly, moved.
Tell 'em to meet us later at the World Building.
C) They fold and bundle the papers, happy but exhausted.
As Kloppman eases the wagon away, everybody looks back, shouts -- Hey, Weasel... Good ni-ight!
With pleasure.
MacSWAIN Easy, lad!
(to Snyder) Remember what I told ya -- first t'ing ya do in jail, you make friends with the rats, share what you got in common -- (sees Jack) Hiya, Jack!
See ya in the funny papes, cowboy -- Yeah, Blink, keep ya eye peeled.
We won today, but the fight's not over.
Les starts after him -- David catches him, holds him, as he and Sarah watch -- -- Jack climbing into the coach, greeted by Teddy.
HARBOR sing as they wait for papers, but something's missing... NEWSIES a voice, a presence, a IT'S A FINE LIFE, spirit -- and then -- CARRYIN' THE BANNER... (ETC.)
The papers slide down the chute; Jack moves to the front of the line grinning -- seeing Sarah smiling at him from the gates.
Jack sings out, the song soars, continuing as the Newsies are back on the job -- getting their papers, fanning out across the courtyard, into the city beyond.
(cool) Fine!
(smiling) You can't split a coin, stupid.
Is it a coin shining down there?
(overjoyed) It is.
(with a smile) ... Come on, time to get up, Jacques! (screaming at the top of his lungs) Louis, wake up! Jacques, come help me.
(through the open roof smiling) Thanks, thanks a lot.
What are you going to get? (thinking) A rosary for Mama, a dress for Angelica, something with rhine- stones for what's her name, and get yourself a suit that fits...
You welcome.
(smiling) Welcome to Peru! Don't you have a heater?
A drink to warm up?
The guy in the Halloween suit!
Did you have a nice trip?
Listen... That's his heartbeat.
(excited) Can you hear the speed at which it's slowing down, it's incredible.
Listen to his heart.
(smiling at Frank) Coffee might be nice.
(with a beautiful smile) Then it was somebody that looked a lot like you... Thank you.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
Good morning, everybody!
(calling out) Hey! presents.
Snow! (smiling like a child) A new experience, Tina.
Great!
(smiles) You're the best, Enzo! (with a tense grin on his face) That's too easy!
First, because you're my friend and second, because you don't have one reason to keep on spoiling my pleasure.
I'm glad I didn't go.
You've made me a happy insurance person.
My friend!
My brother!
(looking at him) So you finally decided to join us?
Not only is Jacques Mayol a very special friend, but he happens to be one of the best divers in the world!
(to waiter) "Spaghetti del mare" (to Jacques) It's delicious here.
I am by the way world champion!
There is no place in the world more beautiful than Sicily!
(smiling) I think I'll have a coffee.
It's superb.
Congratulations.
And his friend, Johana... (arriving proudly) Spaghetti del mare! (to waiter) Thank you.
(she looks up at the pension with little enthusiasm) It looks great!
(looking at him) It's beautiful here.
But you know... I'm American and I've mostly been taught to be competitive... There's always pleasure of being the best?
We have a new world champion.
You look adorable.
Thank you... (smiling) ... Especially the sneakers.
Mr. Andre Bonnet, President of the International Diving Championship Committee, is going to present this trophy to the new world champion of free diving.
This afternoon, our new champion descended to the remarkable depth of 280 feet.
A new world record! That's great!
We'll live in the sun.
You'll cook fresh fish and we'll make love under the coconut trees.
You'll be lovely, but no thanks.
(to Jacques) Jacques, would you do a native dance for me?
(smiling) Lucky I was there to save you.
Well, water isn't exactly the best thing for pictures...
And today, she is ready.
Thank you.
Here, it's a present.
(touched) ... Thank you.
(to Johana) Tonight we're having a little party among ourselves.
That's very kind of you.
My friend!
(smiling) Brave!
(smiles) The Mamma's there too.
Good night Enzo, Good night Jacques.
Good night.
(smiling) Yes... It's magic.
(excited) Jacques, listen to the applause.
Don't you feel proud...? I feel proud and all I did was watch.
Congratulations Jacques!
It's wonderful!
Wonderful!
I'm happy for you! (to Jacques) Here... (to Johana) Here... What is it?
Roberto's watch!
You're a world champion, my friend!
Keep your little measuring tape, my friend, it will be a nice souvenir when I beat you next.
(warm) What are you doing here?
Because one shouldn't fall in love with creatures from the sea.
But it's not true, I feel good with you...
Take good care of yourself, Jacques.
No problem, I enjoy talking in my sleep.
We'll make a great team, the two of us.
Is that the way you talk to the best diver in the world...? And to his friend Jacques Mayol!
So what!? His job is to hand out the paychecks.
If those guys are playing a radio down there they'd just better watch out!! ...
What is it honey... the frenchy?
I was in love!
He went swimming.
It was too good to be true.
Vitamins, exercise, herb tea... and see a doctor, will ya?
You're pregnant... Congratulations!
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I really went on my own business, to see a man that I happen to be in love with... and I'm glad I did it, but I'm sorry about the policy and I'll be happy to make up the money the company didn't get... of course just now I don't have... (she checks a note she's holding) One million, four hundred and ten thousand dollars.
(smiling) He seems to have won it.
I'm so happy.
... That's funny...
They come and greet you and they judge the love you have for them...
(loud) The Carlton! Enjoy your siesta.
Come on, drink up, my boy!
(with a smile) So you're the famous Enzo Molinari?
(putting on eyelashes) I think, he's really nice... He's a funny guy... sometimes even very moving.
You know those women in the greek mythology that made love with the Gods.
(starts laughing) But your man isn't quite a God! (smiles) Probably not, but I still don't have the nerve to tell him.
(to the next diver) ... Have fun!
(smiling) Good huh?
(smiles too) Good...
(yelling) Enzo, Enzo! Congratulations!
(in answer to the crowd's applause) Thank you, thank you very much!
Okay, now we have a good five minutes to have a nice peaceful talk.
That surprises you, doesn't it?
You better learn to look after him because I won't always be here to do it!
(smiling) ...
You should start playing the piano, the piano is really refreshing, it clears the sinuses.
Molinari's a seventeen time world champion.
Free diving is over as a sport.
(moved) ... I was right about what? (after a long silence) ... It is much better down there.
It's a better place.
(listening to his heartbeat) The heart is going to stop!
The heart started again!
Have a good sleep.
Sweet dreams.
Oh great.
Love your blouse.
Ooh, let me snare a tater.
Thanks.
That's pretty very.
You win five million dollars from Publishers Clearing House, but on the same day Ed McMahon gives you the check, aliens land on earth and say they're going to blow up the world in two days.
That's easy.
You're beautiful.
If it makes you feel better, bag the fries, and nab yourself an Apple Pie.
It must be love.
New haircut.
New house.
New home.
Didn't you see The Breakfast Club?
I look great.
I'm the blonde in the bikini on the horse holding a Pepsi can.
I'm the princess being spanked on the throne by Billy Idol's guitarist's guitar.
God, they won't expell him.
Did you have a brain tumor for breakfast?
Ram's sweet.
Give it up girl!
God, that was unbelievable!
So tonight's the night.
Are you two excited?
Her first Remington Party.
So what was the first week of Spring Vacation withdrawl like?
(smiling) Because you're an idiot.
(shaking her head) You two.... Great pate, but I'm going to have to motor if I want to be ready for the party tonight.
No, but if you're nice I'll let you buy me a Slurpee.
Great bike.
Moving place to place.
Everybody's life's got static.
Excellent.
Yeah, let's party.
You were nothing before you met me!
I got you into a Remington Party!
What's my thanks?
I thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey, it was good for me too, Sparky.
Good plan.
She skips the Saturday morning trip to Grandma's even when she's not hungover.
Yeah, great.
Morning, Heather.
Quelle surprise.
Family recipe.
The good looks and bad manners gave her power, but it could not give her happiness.
Write the School Board.
Everyone in the shower!
Next channel, darling.
In my heart, Heather's still alive.
You hated her! (to J.D.) What are you smiling at?
(smiling) Because you're an idiot.
For-the-kingdom-the-power-and-the- glory-are-yours-now-and-forever-Amen.
(still face down) "Feel like making bah da dah bah da dah, feel like making love."
Our love is God.
Westerburg finally got one and I'm not going to blow it.
Great.
It's more tasteful than it sounds.
rarely listen to Neanderthals like Kurt Kelly bu-ut he said you were bent over like a coffee table with Kurt going in one end and Ram coming in the other.
That's right, tonight.
Hey listen, my Bonnie-and-Clyde days are over.
(warmly) Incredible similarity.
The joy we shared in each other's arms was greater than any touchdown.
You took the suggestion as an opportunity to play yet another round of "Let's laugh at the Hippie."
Ah, young love.
You made me proud.
I love my homosexual son.
My son's gay and I love him!
Your son's dead and you love him.
Heather Chandler, Kurt Kelly, and Rupert "Ram" Sweeney all had good looks and popularity, but there's one thing they didn't have: Values, Ambition, and Hope.
It rained everyday of my Maui vacation, but hey, I didn't kill myself.
I'm here today to fuse it back together through love!
Let's begin a new happiness!
Let's show the world Westerburg is a diverse happy home, not Suicide Central! (shrewdly) You know there's some people who say Westerburg is too weak and wimpy a school to be on T.V.
A happy family?
Our way's better.
(mumbling) Oh beautiful.
It's great to be alive!
I know I'm not as, as exciting as your other friends.
Nice guys finish last.
See ya.
She's right.....Boy, croquet's not the same without Heather.
Shucks, that's a great idea, Pete.
It's exciting stuff.
My personal faves are those kids from loaded families grabbing the mike to whine how even though they bagged a B.M.W. on their birthday, they're still quote-unquote depressed.
Everyone take their places on the stage!
I realize you're all under 21, but it seemed like such a perfect touch.
Let's fuse them back together through love .
Let's begin a new happiness... ...with no more suicide... (eeriely) Oh yeah... Holy traumatic experiences, Batman.
Probably.... Hey now, if you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't be a human being, you'd be a game show host.
Do you know the group Big Fun? the (post-chortle) Some teenybopper rag says Big Fun wants to play a Prom.
And hey, a little gift.
Oh great.
People love me! (giggling) My God, you haven't signed!
People love you but I know you.
And Doug Hylton... (verbally winking) So some people need different kinds of "convincing" than others.... (happiness evaporating) Hey, just sign the petition!
Do you think, do you really think, if Betty Finn's fairy godmother made her Cool, she'd still act nice and hang with her dweebette friends?
I love it.
I'll let you put it in your diary, babe.
If that's what you want, babe?
You know what I want, babe?
Cool guys like you out of my life.
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
Fascinating.
Hey, wasn't there a song we made up to go with that?
Really fucking awesome.
Wake up the chicks and bust out the camera awesome?
Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey.
Come on, babe.
Come on sleeping beauty, time to go to work.
Rise and shine.
You're in for life, let's move it out Private Shutterbug.
Aw, it ain't crap... it's... cute.
(rolls up his sleeve to reveal a John Wayne tattoo) A great American.
You see me and my friends are writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions.
It will be nice to have a few days off to regenerate.
This trip is fun, but it's starting to get brutal.
If I never eat at another Waffle House again, I can die a happy girl.
Great, you're back.
It will be fun.
Oh yeah, murder museum... sounds fun.
(smiling) We'll need pictures of the inside too.
Born in 1870, Mr. Fish enjoyed burning himself with hot pokers, spankings with nail-studded paddles and embedding needles in his groin.
Well, hitchhiking ain't the safest way for a girl to travel.
Yeah, but it's fun.
Sounds like a magical trip through the heartland.
It's an old hanging tree from... Yeah, I know where that is, it's right by my house.
It's Dr. Satan's tree.
Cool, will you show us?
Oh yeah, the tree.
I'll show you where it's at, sweetie.
Aren't you just so cute all bundled up like a cinnamon roll of Christmas love.
This is WJRC News at the top of the hour... Investigators in Clairemont County are no closer to identifying the body of a young woman found crucified to the doors of St. Mary's Church yesterday morning.
Hey, he moved.
Oh, wonderful.
I love this song!
What! (over the loud music) Fine! I'll go straight!
Thanks.
Hi, this is the place where the magic happens.
Hey, listen to this...
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey, great they're back.
Stay tuned for more creature craziness from channel 68's Halloween eve movie marathon.
I'm your host... your ghost host with the most, baby... Dr. Wolfenstein and will be with you until the end.
(looking at Bill) Hey, nice outfit Billy Bob.
(sarcastically) Bill, why don't you ask her... she's your special friend.
(claps her hands) Baby... go see what Rufus Jr. is doing with these nice folks' automobile.
(flirting) Oh, really... (puts her hand on Jerry's knee and winks) ...well, I'm a pretty good dancer if you know what I mean...
I guess you think you're too good for the simple pleasures of Halloween.
Tiny's home.
Tonight is Halloween eve and it special to us so you are all invited to stay for dinner.
Thank you.
That takes the bull's nuts alright... (starts laughing) ...hey, I hear some genius up north got a hot line on the Easter Bunny for ya.
(happy surprise) Otis!
Grampa... watch the language.
It's better you go home still dreaming about your kitty cats and puppy dogs.
What's he so excited about?
It's Halloween eve and time for our show.
No, no, no it's so much more special than that... you'll see, you'll be the first to ever see.
Great.
Ladies and gentlemen, straight from his smash six week sold out run at Tiki-Ti Club... the Stardust lounge is proud to present Mr. Sexy himself... Grampa Hugo.
(quietly) What are you laughing at?
Was I disturbing your viewing pleasure?
Our bodies come and go, but this blood is forever... (pulls a small book from his breast pocket) ...let me read you something, listen and learn... you listening?
Art is eternal, you get me, mamma?
Where's Bill? (chuckling) Well, Bill... he's a good guy, he's been great help to me... a real blessing...
I couldn't have asked for a better specimen.
(screaming) Noooooooooooo! (pauses, looks around, pulls up his belt) Well, let's go see if the nut that runs this place can help us.
I'm a guy who likes to mind his own business, if ya get what I'm saying.
He ain't interested in your love life.
(screaming over the music) We're gonna have fun tonight, bro.
Yeah, fun.
Keep the change and get yourself a new name.
Come on, bro.
Always cool and calm, but... but I never thought I'd be the one needing help, ya know?
Right... (to Willis) ...come on.
Well, I... mmmmm... no, I ain't seen her, sorry.
Thank you.
Oh, you are very welcome... Lord knows how I love a man in uniform.
Baby, roll that old love machine over here, so this boy can meet his hero.
Aw gee whiz, I'm so excited...
I really think you're the coolest... you're tops on the playground, cooler than the Fonzie.
Hey happy-boy, step your ass up here.
Take his gag out, it's more fun with the screaming.
Yeah, I like the screaming too... it's so much more exciting.
No! Let me get her... (turns to Mother) ...Ma, Otis is having all the fun... can I get her?
There once was a woman who lived with her daughter in a cabbage garden.
The woman said... ..."Go into the garden and drive out the rabbit"... "Shoo!
FIRING up as best they can.
Starts climbing with the first group.
A good woman.
Look at the bright side, the Krauts sure as hell don't want to advance and hold this cesspool.
Lingerie is my life, sir.
Happy to, sir.
If he's alive, bring him back to the beach for debarkation.
He's worth a lot more than that.
Which is why I'm sending you, you're the best field officer there is.
Thank you, sir.
Good, you've been re-assigned to me, we're going to Ramelle.
It's like Beethoven, the guy's one of the greatest composers ever lived and he goes deaf.
I'm listening, sir.
Well, you're a happy idiot.
The men bounce up and down like stuffed animals, doing their best to not be thrown out.
Jumps up.
Damn, we had fun!
Him and his two brothers got a ministry, The Blessed Church of the Wandering Gospel.
You figure that out, you got yourself one nice prize.
But everybody's heard of him, he won the Congressional Medal of Honor, he saved a dozen men.
No one's gonna win the money for the simple reason that the Captain never was a civilian.
It's easy, it runs in my family, take my grandfather, for example... Oh, Christ, now we gotta listen to that grandfather thing again.
Happiest guy you ever saw until the day he died.
Jesus Christ, he's a natural!
He's good.
That was close!
(sternly) But if I do, you goddamned well better go.
Looks to Upham Ready?
Thanks.
Easy for you to say, sir.
I'd love to hear it.
Well, sir, by my way a thinkin' I am a finely made instrument of warfare.
This is the way to gripe.
(continuing) In addition, as I pointed out earlier, I have a fondness for cheese and I hope to have the opportunity to sample some of the Ramelle products, when we arrive there, to see if they live up to their excellent reputation.
Sir, if you were not a captain, I would compliment you, now, for being an excellent liar.
Good news?
Rise and shine, boys.
In the shadow by those two trees.
Don't need it, I'm a cat, I've got five lives.
BLASTS his Thompson.
Good, now get your goddamned gear.
A: Ryan is alive.
The men are happy to do so, looking back nervously at the German tanks.
If we was to do that and hold this bridge, good chance we'd get us a bucket full of medals.
Thank you, sir.
Out of the mouth of babes.
Sarge, keep Ryan close to you and alive.
Reiben, are you makin' fun 'a the way I talk?
A good man, kind of cheerful, Reiben, here, used to call him a happy idiot.
The others back off for now.
What deal?
What deal?
(smiles) She's having a devil of a time, getting into that thing.
It's not the biggest house, but it's got the best location, right next to the junior high baseball field.
Good kid, smart, he was writing a book.
Jackson was from West Fork, Tennessee, he was going to be a preacher, his father and uncles have a traveling ministry out of the back of a stretch Hudson.
'Bye... nice talking to you.
Glad to see you.
Ester'll be glad, too.
Triplette, like you to meet the Honorary Mayor, Haven Hamilton.
Good to meet you.
Pleasure Where is she?
She's got a new album cut again.
Thank you, Bud.
Bud, tell them to move the horses.
But not unless Nashville really inspires me.
That's the most important thing -- to have -- fun How long are you going to be here?
Long enough to have fun.
Well, Hal and I have been friends for a long time.
Oh yea -- There has never been a better time for something new.
Spent time in Arizona.
Oh, you meet them at parties and stuff.
It was a real shock at first, especially since my daddy's a preacher, but Delbert and I have been blessed by their being here.
When did you start singing?
She's in Paris, France, right now.
Well, it better not happen again.
Hey, mind if I walk with ya?
No. Need a ride?
Well, do you want a blonde?
I can only give you fifty a week here and ten bucks for the benefit.
Thanks.
The boys would love to meet you.
(laughs) That's not quite what I had in mind.
Looks a little funny.
Look, I find you attractive and I want to see you, so I'll call you when I get to my place.
Peanut butter's good.
Come on back to bed.
Listen, is Linnea there?
You don't know me yet but ya will after I sing you this song that I've wrote called... Okay, come in the booth.
Did you grow those.
That's good, I've never seen anything so healthy.
Your brother?
Business School so I can run Haven's business.
Thanks... I'll... go say hello to your mom.
Good friend of Haven's.
Oh yes, I'm John Triplette.
Fine, though.
But your faith in the great Almighty will bring her back here just to be what you want her to be...
I'm here cutting a record, you know, and these policemen here... I'm so glad you come for a little while, and thank you.
Well, my wife, Ester's down the hall.
She loves you so much, I just had to come down and say hello.
Well, Mr. Green.
Glad to meet you.
Well, I'm here putting together a show.
Wednesday at the park.
Well, we can't.
He wants to help people.
Green?
He's got a nice dog.
Is there food?
No, those are socials you're thinking of... Saturday's usually.
Bless you.
Well, the fans are stealing the rocks right out of it.
600 kids a day.
They also wanted me to kiss the bride.
Song called 'Smokey Heart.'
Good.
They say she only writes in those trees over there.
It is really the consummate art form, all those parts of the puzzle to make the whole.
Star - oh! that's a fantastic name.
Well, you did and she's fine.
Thanks.
Come on, honey, let's go.
You tell the other ladies thank you.
He has that sign with the tree.
Okay, come on, honey.
Hospital RECEPTION ROOM - DAY You going today? (loudly) Thank you-- Yes, I am.
I'll tell Ester, she'll be thrilled I saw you again.
The one thing she said to me when I joined was "When you're doing your travels you be sure you see Barbara Jean.
You give my test to your wife1 Mr. Green, the doctor is on his way and the business office has your bill ready.
I wanna look really good.
A walk on the wild side.
Good evening.
Thanks.
I'd like to sing a new song for you.
maybe it was the day before -- anyway.. Let's go here, 'I'm Easy.' Love, that's a word that's been overused.
Look, I'll see you in the morning.
Well, for heaven's sake.
(laughs good- naturedly) Well, that's not entirely true, Barnett.
Thank you, Mr. Berguan.
I'm going to sing a wonderful tune.
We'd 1ike~to announce the winner of tonight's contest.
I won first prize.
A friend of yours?
I'll see you in the morning.
Good night.
Thanks.
I want to thank you for all your good wishes.
You are so important to Barnett and me.
Isn't this a fun place?
Debbie is not mediocre and she has one of the great bodies of all time.
Thank you.
(to David) Listen, that's a pentangle, a five-pointed star.
Here now, let me finish!
Finally this Froggy steps up and shouts "Viva la France" and leaps out.
Then an Englishman.... (undaunted) ...steps up and shouts `God save the Queen!' and leaps out.
Yes, well, thanks again.
It's in God's hands now.
Say, David.... I'm well aware of how pleasant the weather is in Rome at the present time thank you.
That's right, a lovely stroll in the moors.
Nice doggie.
Good boy.
I'm glad we...WHOAA!!
Please!
(smiles) Really, Susan, I don't think that was very proper, and besides, it's common practice now.
Good day, Doctor.
Good day.
That's right, drink up.
Now go back to sleep so you'll be fresh for Dr. Hirsch in the morning.
We have some lovely funny Beanos.
Thank you.
You haven't eaten your lunch.
Was Jack Goodman your good friend?
He attracted me by three things: his candid simplicity, his marvelous familiarity with ancient armor, and the restfulness of his company - for he did all the talking.
Stop! (yawns, smiles) Hello.
That's easy enough.
Will you come with me? (taken aback) What? (smiling) I'm serious.
Good.
Good morning and a good day to you.
We've quite a meal for you here this morning.
Good stuff there.
Good morning.
(pleasantly) Nice to see you.
I'm aware that I don't look so great, but I thought you'd be glad to see me.
Listen to me, I'm talking to a hamburger!
Take your own life!
The undead surround me.
Are you better now?
Charming.
It's nice to see you.
It's nice to see you.
(smiles) Tomorrow is the full moon.
That's good, Alex. Reassure me.
Get out of here, Jack! David, tomorrow night is the full moon.
Wonderful.
(singing) `Moon River, wider than a mile I'm crossing you in style, Someday....' Fee fi fo fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman.
You sleep now and have sweet dreams.
Little boy with the balloons.
I'm the famous balloon thief.
Thank you.
Yes, love?
I started to read and then I was naked at the zoo! (big smile) I guess I am out of my fucking mind.
(excited) Is he all right?
Now listen carefully.
(stretches) I don't know why I feel so good.
I haven't felt this good in a long time.
(comforting) Tea would be nice.
Thank you.
Look, would you tell Mom and Dad that I love them?
Good.
Look, kid, please don't forget to tell Mom and Dad I love them.
I love Max and you, too.
You promise?
Be a good girl.
I love you.
Well, thank you, sir! Hi, Jack.
Thank you.
I'm glad to see you, Jack.
Do you dance, Ms. Skinner?
I'm down, baby.
I got my hand up her dress and I'm going for the gold.
This is GREAT!!
House keys.
Nice touch.
Fine, honey.
Hey, thanks dad.
You better hurry.
The babe at the party.
Right here in river city.
Great!
Whatever is going on in your life, your mom and I'll understand.
Let's see... that you can read ancient Sanskrit without having to sound out the words.
Getting what you want is the only important thing.
Listen to the following code word.
We have a friend.
If Dad doesn't care enough about us to be here on his birthday, then why should I care?
That's not true, honey-- It is true!
As long as I just smile and say yes to whatever he says, like his good little fantasy daughter, he thinks everything's fine.
Thank you for the party.
It was great.
(putting on black pumps) It sounds wild.
She's having an affair.
Congratulations.
Welcome to the club.
Helen still loves you.
Can you meet me for lunch tomorrow?
Trade secret.
The promise of adventure.
I create that for them.
It's great.
Red hot.
Dinner's in the warmer.
Can you meet me tonight?
Thank you.
You saved my life.
So, it was your first time.
My husband is a good man.
I don't know... it felt good to be needed.
To be trusted.
To be special.
Let me out of her! Right now!
Do you still love your husband?
I love him.
I've been waiting so long To be where I'm going In the sunshine of your looooove Dad, how come you know the words?
And dress sexy.
He likes to watch.
You are * very pretty.
That's good.
Now dance for me.
Let your hands be a lover's hands on your own skin as you move.
Listen, you don't need him, he's nothing.
(with a wry smile) Hello, Harry.
So it will be interesting to see how long he can resist.
* I'm looking forward to it.
The only important thing is to live well.
* You're damaged goods, lady.
Thanks for everything, Harry.
It was good while it lasted.
What did he give you?
(staring transfixed) God, you have great legs.
Go it, baby.
Do you still love me?
Come on-- I married Rambo.
* I'd like to remind you that it has been ten years since you were actually in one of these.
Tell her I love her.
You have seen the Holy fire with your own eyes.
Give me the key.
Dance?
Triumphant.
Happy.
Hop! Move it, boys!
This chicken paprikash is delicious, Mrs. Kelmeckis.
Thank you, Derek.
It's Charlie's favorite.
(deep eye roll) Thanks, Derek.
As Derek walks to his mom's Mercedes, Candace joins Charlie.
The cover is hand-painted.
Hey, Babe.
As Morrissey sings, Charlie keeps reading.
The reading is done.
The songs continues as we see glimpses of Charlie's day to day life over the next few weeks.
After a moment, he returns to his book.
The song ends.
Elated.
Thanks for not calling me "Nothing" by the way.
Love it.
Candace comforts.
After a beat... they kiss.
Welcome home, Aunt Helen!
Aunt Helen smiles at Little Charlie on top of the stairs.
Look, I egged him on.
Will you trust me?
The Homecoming Dance is in full swing.
God bless everyone.
He's alone at the wall, dressed in his Sunday suit.
To us, adorable.
As happy as she looks, Charlie still isn't sure if he did the right thing by keeping quiet.
The song ends to applause.
They're playing good music.
They're playing good music!
"So over it" hand moves.
30 seconds of genius.
Then, he tries desperately not to look like he's dancing toward them as he dances toward them.
Hey! Without a pause, they grab his hands, and move together in a circle.
The party rages inside this mansion in the rich part of town.
Welcome to the island of misfit toys.
Charlie smiles, and the soundtrack comes rushing up loud.
Sam cranks the radio, blaring "The Tunnel Song."
What is this song!? Right?
For we are now... Charlie, looking up at Sam, so in love with this free-spirit.
So happy to have friends.
Happy to be alive.
Free and young and alive on the greatest night of Charlie's life.
We see Charlie proudly put a Smiths poster on his wall next to photos of his new friends.
He dances to his desk, listening to Air Supply's "All Out of Love" on his Walkman.
Sam says they are kitschy and brilliant.
As the students file out, Charlie hands his paper to Bill in exchange for a beat up copy of The Great Gatsby.
Charlie turns from the lunch line with The Great Gatsby on his tray.
He looks at the gang at their table.
My favorite time, though, is lunch because I get to see Sam and Patrick.
Her best friend Alice loves vampires and wants to go to film school.
Sam and Alice laugh when Patrick begins stapling Mary Elizabeth's fanzines to within an inch of their life.
When he was a junior, Patrick started seeing Brad on the weekends in secret.
Proper family.
When they finally did it, Brad said he loved Patrick.
Patrick joins Charlie and Sam at their table.
Thanks.
Mischief smiles.
Everyone loves getting their presents except Charlie - who got socks.
He smiles.
Charlie... this was my favorite book growing up.
Thanks.
Have a great Christmas break.
He moves to Charlie's dad's amazing clock.
The song continues as Patrick holds up the grade.
C minus! Charlie and Sam cheer as Patrick screams at the top of his lungs... Woo! C Minus! It's over!
Everyone cheers.
Charlie carries Sam on his shoulders past the Christmas Tree.
Alice smiles.
Alice laughs.
He'll be back for New Year's Eve.
Who's your secret santa?
I have received a harmonica, a magnetic poetry set, a book about Harvey Milk, and a mix with the song "Asleep" on it... twice.
Charlie holds up his hands.
Yay!
They all cheer.
Well, you'll be surprised to know that your secret santa is actually... me.
Because all the great writers used to wear great suits.
Charlie wanders through the quiet house.
He's lit by a couple of candles and the blinking lights of the Christmas Tree.
He's surrounded by leftovers.
You have no idea how good you have it.
Charlie smiles.
Grabs a Hershey Kiss cookie.
Chris laughs.
Charlie smiles.
Good.
I'm going to ask her out at New Years.
Chris smiles at his kid brother.
The family moves down the line to receive Holy Communion at Christmas Mass.
He places it in Charlie's hand.
The church organ is now a rock organ.
And it's now... New Year's Eve.
Then, I have to congratulate you for being happy because you deserve it.
When he breathes, the sky ripples.
Charlie wanders through the party, tripping out of his mind.
Charlie looks back at the party as kids gather for the New Years countdown.
We are BACK TO PRESENT as Charlie takes a deep breath and tries to remember that he's at a New Year's party.
My dad collects wine, but he doesn't drink.
Right, babe?
You see, Mary Elizabeth is a really nice person underneath the part of her that hates everyone.
And since I heard that having a girlfriend makes you happy, I tried hard to love her like I love Sam.
(proud) Your first foreign film.
And I tried not to mind that she loves to hold hands even when her hands are sweaty.
I'll give you this book.
I dare you to kiss Alice.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
She kisses him.
Patrick is getting ready to plant the biggest kiss on Alice when she jumps him.
Everyone groans.
Please!
Brad's friends laugh.
And can we be friends again?
My life is officially an after school special.
I had lunch with Craig today.
It's really sweet and everything, but you can't just sit there and put everybody's lives ahead of yours and think that counts as love.
And Charlie finally speaks from the heart.
You're beautiful.
He moves to her and kisses her.
Move to the bed.
Kissing.
Still kissing.
Promise.
It'll be our little secret, okay?
It'll be our little secret.
There's no such thing as a sexy George.
Well, mine is.
Please.
I'll pay you.
I really would love to go camping with your family this weekend.
I had fun with your family last year.
That's funny.
They're sweet.
My brother?
Deal.
This had better be the best date of your life to counterbalance the worst weekend of mine.
The lurid details of my weekend en flagrante delicto with the all-too- imaginary, yet surprisingly satisfying George Glass: Olive.
By the passionate few.
But on Monday, when Rhi asked me how my weekend was...
It was nothing short of perfection.
Who would play him in the movie of your life?
You've made your bed.
What's up, sweet pea?
And thank God for that.
Back to the story.
Who invented kissing?
For when I do grow up.
Well,... Uh.... Cool.
Thank God.
Please.
Trust me.
Well, I'm stumped.
Good, sweetheart.
But thanks for playing.
I love you.
How come you guys never get mad at her? Because, pumpkin, of our three darling children, we love her best.
I have been fantastic.
Yeah, only two days after the custodians had finally gotten around to scrubbing `turd burglar' off.
Olive, sweetie, there's a young man here to see you.
Oh happy day, Mama!
Welcome to my boudoir!
This is where the magic happens.
I'll pay you.
And just think - you'll OFFICIALLY be a hooker with a heart of gold!
Great, huh? Ha!
The dance.
At least I got paid.' (Sincerely; as herself) `Can't Buy Me Love' is one of the best movies ever made.
Trust me.
Well, it's not last night's conquest!
Now is not the time to be cute.
You're putting me in a precarious position, because -- (With her best Jackie-O -- `according to last month's Cosmopolitan Magazine, we should always look cute.
Uh, thanks Mom.
Good talk.
Look, baby, I call a spade a spade.
My name is an anagram for `I love...' What's an anagram?
(Pointing to the `A') A is for Awesome.
I'm meeting up with the girls at happy hour.
Don't have too much fun.
Heavenly Father, watch over us with Your all-encompassing love.
Amen to THAT.
She's in direct opposition to everything we're trying to do for this school, which is make it a wholesome learning environment and a place where our children will one day flourish the way that we are.
Jesus tells us to love everyone.
Make me a promise.
Make GOD a promise right here and now that we will remain pure and chaste until marriage.
(Looking to Micah) Until our love is proven holy in His eyes.
We promise.
Awww, I love you guys.
God loves you guys.
This has been so much fun that I'm actually - at this very moment - considering meth addiction, just so I can come back and we can jaw some more.
Thank you.
Oh, I agree.
Fashion-wise.
So, thank you for your time.
She's passionate.
But I love you.
I LOVE YOU and I want to be with you and no one can stop us.
That time we slept together.
I have a gift certificate.
Yeah, well, if that's our magical connection, I should date the entire school.
The one outside of Applebee's is fun, too.
(Laughing at her oddness) You want a ride somewhere?
It's her Mom's birthday.
Your friend.
I've wanted to kiss you since the eighth grade, but I want it to be perfect.
Mom! Well!
You're wonderful.
Thanks for the pep talk, Mom.
We effing rock.
Yay! It's time for Meerkat Todd.
Nobody does it better.
Nobody does it half as good as me.
Baby, I'm the best.
I tried to hide from Your love light.
But like heaven above me The guys who loved me Are keepin' all my secrets safe tonight.
Oh, and nobody does it better.
Nobody does it half as good as me.
Baby, baby!
Darlin', I'm the best!
Baby you're the best!
Darlin', you're the best!
Baby, you're the best!
Who told you that I loved this song?
I see you've been watching my live webcast.
Pay up.
Is he present?
And to what do I owe the pleasure of your carbuncle?
*I want movement!*
Ah! Ooh! Run! Land.
For the love of mother and child, Jack, what's coming after us?
Drunk with a smile on his face.
But dere's a island, just south of de straits, where I trade spice for... mmm... delicious long pork.
beach My brother will take you ashore.
The beach is right there.
Euh! Unh! Ya! Come on!
Let's go! Euh! Ya! Come on!
I have been to Isla de Muerta, I have seen the treasure myself.
My desires are not so provincial.
You make great efforts to ensure Jack Sparrow's freedom.
?: Well how'dya know it ?weren't/?wasn't divine providence what inspired you to *be* clever?
*That's* a mark against ya! Look!
beach Come on!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Ha-ha-ha-ha... ### It's ours for the taking!
Amen to that.
throne Thank you.
If you both fancy the dress, you'll just have to share, and wear it one after the other.
The... female presence... amongst us, yes... all the men... they can feel it.
You're a pair of superstitious goats and it's got the best of you.
They say the stench of its breath is like - ooh! Imagine: The last thing you know on God's green earth is the roar of the Kraken, and the reeking odor of a thousand rotting corpses.
Unclaimed properties of a valuable nature?
A man of de sea.
The sea? Sums! Dichotomy of good and evil.
He fell in love.
?Grand.
One soul is not equal to another.
A good-faith payment.
Ha ha! Ha ha! Ha ha! Have you not met Will Turner?
And did I happen to mention... he's in love.
Betrothed.
I'm good with it.
I make my living fair, and I sleep well each night, thank you.
Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha!
What fortuitous circumstance be this!
Bo'sun!
You had it easy, boy! Ha ha ha!
Don't stab the heart.
Welcome aboard.
I'm here to find the man I love.
I'm deeply flattered, son, but my first and only love is the sea.
You *hired* me.
You *smell* funny.
What contains the still-beating heart o' Davy Jones.
And whoever possesses that chest possesses the leverage to command Jones to do whatever it is he or she wants, including... saving brave William from his grim fate.
Welcome to the crew, former Commodore!
Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heh... EITC headquarters There's something to knowing the exact shape of the world and one's place in it, don't you agree?
Friendly?
Oh, yes.
It brought good fortune!
And we made a nice bit of profit there.
deck You will watch this.
I'm so ready to be married.
Thank God!
Sea turtles, mate.
Time and tide, love.
Follow my voice!
Follow my voice!
To the left, uh... No, to the right... Go to the left... No... That's a tree.
Easy, boys!
Whatever you do, don't miss.
Euh! Come on!I'm over here!
Better.
The heart of Davy Jones.
(cool) Say the word.
Come and join us.
These are your friends.
D'Amour.
For love, right?
Mister D'Amour? (to Blonde) Right.
(grinning) That's so cool.
I've got my life in there.
Hello, L.A. Have a nice evening, Mr. D'Amour.
Nine-eighteen p.m. Tapert's either got a great sense of humour or he's paying her to laugh.
He came here to get his palm read.
"I really want to see you, Lord, And it won't take long, my Lord, My sweet Lord..." Coffee, Mrs. Swann?
Thank you.
I'm putting in a new illusion tonight.
(to Hangers) Good.
We don't share our lives the way a lot of people do.
Swann's one of the most remarkable men alive.
They love him.
I didn't marry him for love, Mr. D'Amour.
There's other guys as good as me, Loomis.
He's young.
(to Swann) Ready?
Magic?
You are standing on the threshold of a miracle... My friends ... come with me...into the Great Beyond.
He's good.
It was just a matter of time, of course, but it's not good for the business.
I'm Walter Wilder, by the way.
I'd love to... you know... hang with some of you guys.
It's more than entertainment.
(goading) I heard he was the best.
Great accent, by the way.
It's better he's gone.
So Swann was performing magic.
You said you weren't with him for love.
I was grateful to him.
I owed him my life.
And he loved me.
Are you satisfied now?
Please.
You need me alive.
Funerals make me trigger-happy.
Help me.
And if he's just another phony Messiah, then you can stage the greatest come-back in history.
Is this the best brandy you've got?
Oh, I was going to discover the secret of the universe.
See, that's his best trick.
D'Amour.
Yes... Be ready.
He's coming home... He's coming home... he/s coming home... Christ in Heaven.
I've come back to share the wisdom of the grave.
Oh yes...
(to Cultists) Are you ready for my wisdom?
So I'm giving you.
Well I'm not your shepherd.
The woman has a new love in her life.
Will you help me?
... D'Amour...
This is no longer the wild, wild west.
Conners turns off the TV, lays the remote next to a PHOTO of Conners and a YOUNG WOMAN (TEDDY) during happy times.
He stares at the photo, finishes his drink.
A COOL, CRISP Pacific Northwestern day.
While the sun shines now, the OVERCAST SKY on the horizon FORESHADOWS AN IMPENDING STORM.
In the heart of the city...
An IMPRESSIVE STRUCTURE on a BUSY CITY CORNER.
Lorenz stares out at the bank, a last moment of peace.
Shane, here, is your new partner.
The idea of a new partner doesn't sit well with Conners.
I appreciate the words of encouragement and the confidence you have in me.
That girl would be alive today if it weren't for your cowboy antics.
(beat) Fine.
Out of earshot, Conners watches Dekker and Jenkins.
Dekker writes, "Lorenz."
Everyone who matters is fine.
But, since Seattle's finest needs a presence on the scene, I'm glad it's you.
Hopefully this time it will go better for all involved.
What's the best way in?
Family business?
Besides, I am entrusting my life to you.
(to Conners; w/ a smile) Detective... Can't keep away from me, can you?
He gave up his partners and cut a deal with the D.A. Gotta love the system.
It's quiet between these two, until...
Your father was a hero.
Through the academy, to excellent evaluation reports, while CONNERS (cont'd) on the beat, to the high test scores on the detective's exam.
This surprises Dekker.
Vacation.
"Didn't do nothing" is a double negative, infers the positive.
Dekker stares incredulously at Conners.
Please.
Conners stares into Gina's eyes.
Finally... HARRY HUME, 50's, the cop on watch, limps to the desk.
Crotchety, with an overgrown belly, Frank's seen better days.
Both can't help but smile.
Dekker's mind works overtime, then... "Return to the earth now if your mind is troubled and your heart is uncertain.
Love to.
The ITALIAN RESTAURANT HOST, 50's, jolly with a thick accent, greets Conners and Dekker.
I give you best table in house.
Wonderful, wonderful.
I bring you bottle of house wine!
A little wine.
That's better.
They get to the table, Conners looks at it.
Now relax, I bring you food.
A PIANO PLAYER recreates the sweet sounds of Italy.
PATRONS sing along.
First day in the city and you've already been shot.
Beautiful country.
Makes you feel relaxed and calm.
Everyone was set to meet tonight at ten and we have that address.
They said he was a hero.
Finish what he started.
Every day he went out, trying to do some good.
He was a better man.
Conners was right.
It took me an hour and when I finally had it...
Good evening Detective.
Easy for you to say.
What should you do? (beat) A GLINT sparkles in his eyes.
We used to spend all day Sunday just reading in bed.
But I still loved him.
He's the only man I ever loved.
They can't help but laugh.
Great.
Thanks.
The author's name.
There were many with him and they laughed like you laugh now.
My heart is here, on the other side.
As he starts to laugh.
His laughter is infectious.
Turkish Muzak plays in the background, a Beatles song, "Helter Skelter" by way of Turkish musicians.
She smiles.
One machine is thumping loudly.
The transfer was made the day before a multiple homicide in Osaka.
Good.
It was a long shot at best.
Is he still alive?
This is the way of the ninja.
Willing himself not to be hungry.
The grown Raizo looks at his soup.
Then he smiles and says- ...Very Good.
God, you are relentless, aren't you.
These next five years will be the most important of your training.
Your husband quotes passages not found in Battuta's present manuscript.
He said this will be a good place to grow old together.
The lights SNAP on, illuminating the back of the house with brilliant klieg lights.
CLOSER on Mrs. Sabatin as she looks down at her tea.
After a moment Alexi invites the man in.
Are you coming to Berlin for business or pleasure Mr. Han Raizo smiles Pleasure.
He smiles.
I showed Jamison the materials.
I trusted you.
This is the way of the ninja.
Do not fail your family.
It will remind you that every minute of your life is a gift that I have given you.
You have made me proud tonight, Raizo.
I trust him.
He's a good man.
Thanks to him.
Ozunu watches.
In the back of his cell, Raizo's head lifts at the sound of Mika's voice.
Sparks dance along the singing ringing blades, the melee escalating in the darkness.
In the bedroom, Raizo is sprawled out on the bed.
That's like a fancy way of saying I'm a librarian.
Bending over him, she kisses him gently.
Mika watches from the trees as a shadow comes to life on the balcony outside their room.
Maslow embraces her.
She smiles.
She puts his hand on her chest, then leans in and kisses him.
She saved my life.
He smiles distantly.
Her heart is special.
He said you saved his life.
She smiles.
I believe the heart of a tree knows which way it needs to grow.Raizo releases a tree.
Everything has a heart.
She listens to his heart.
It said it was happy to meet me and that it missed you.
She kisses him.
No, sir, not much, it was- (he recites, fast and "Four score and seven years ago, our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal."
That's good, thank you for - "Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation or any nation so conceived and so dedicated can long endure.
We are, we are, we are met on a great battlefield of that war."
Thank you, that's - "We have come to dedicate a portion of that field as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you!
God bless you.
You'll begin your second term with semi-divine stature.
And one day the lawyer shot him for the sake of peace and quiet, I presume, thus fulfilling, for the bird at least, its prophecy!
And is that why you favor it?
(in a hoarse voice:) Niggers.
(to Lincoln, quietly:) The people!
I begin to see why you're in such a great hurry to put it through.
Go make peace.
Of course I don't, never have, I'm glad to see any man free, and if calling a man property, or war contraband, does the trick... Why I caught at the opportunity.
We've finally placed a harpoon in the monster's back.
He's here... (calling down the hall:) He's here, Mrs. Cuthbert!
Hey... Oh! book, is he says people are ROBERT cousins to monkeys, but he Go tell your father Robert's home!
They're coming in earnest to propose peace.
Welcome home.
Thank you.
Thank you.
The Good Lord on High would despair of their souls.
You, you, you informally send a reactionary dottard, to - What will happen, do you imagine, when these peace commissioners arrive?
Time is a great thickener of things, Willum.
(to Robert:) You won't tell me no, but the I've found that prophesying is one of life's less prophet-able occupations!
The past is the past, it's a new year now and we are all getting along, or so they tell me.
You're creating a bottleneck.
How the people love my husband, they flock to see him, by their thousands on public days!
They will never love you the way they love him.
And I look a lot worse without the wig.
I don't believe that I can bear to listen to another one of your stories right now!
I asked for them this morning!
It was right after the Revolution, right after peace had been concluded, and Ethan Allen went to London to help our new country conduct its business with the king.
His host was astounded!
I love that story.
(a beat, then:) Grant wants me to bring the secesh delegates to Washington.
What good would it do him?
To promote your ultimate and ardent dream to elevate - The true purpose of the amendment, Mr. Wood, you perfectly-named, brainless, obstructive object?
Today, Mr. Stevens, I was surprised.
Freedom's first.
My whole hand's gonna be proud in about five seconds, let's see how proud you gonna be.
You have a visitor.
That's encouraging.
The incumbent is claiming he won it.
Does anyone here care to second - (in a powerful voice:) Gentlemen.
Your peace offer is a fiction!
Beanpole Burton is pleased to vote yea!
William Hutton, remembering at this moment his beloved brother, Fredrick, votes against the amendment.
(proud of himself and happy about the reward I. Vote.
With a margin of two votes - Congratulations, Mr. Chairman.
I'll return it in the morning.
A gift for you.
I wish you'd been present.
Read it to me again, my love.
But say all we done is show the world that democracy isn't chaos, that there is a great invisible strength in a people's union?
When peace comes it mustn't just be hangings.
The Holy Land.
(a laugh, then:) Awfully pious for a man who takes his wife out buggy-riding on Good Friday.
I dream of walking in that ancient city.
All anyone will remember of me is I was crazy and I ruined your happiness.
Yeah, thanks.
Soon I'd be sleeping in the lower bunk of my childhood bedroom... my father happy to welcome me into the challenging field of dental supply inventory... Eddie.
Thanks.
That's why you agreed to the beer.
You're her brother.
No -- yeah --will you listen?!
Well, what this does-- Vernon.
Do I look good?
Vern was right.
Her son is still alive.
Information from the odd museum show, a half-read article, some PBS documentary, was all bubbling up to my frontal lobes, mixing itself together into a sparkling cocktail of useful information.
She was pleased.
Happy and sore, I returned home.
No surge of brilliance came up to greet me.
That stuff's amazing.
"FDA-approved," that's a laugh.
Worth the risk?
Vern's cash... ...combined with an unprecedented surge of motivation... ...enabled me to finish the book in four days.
I had a new, improved game.
Which means a prosaic author's work rests on a foundation of acclaim- So you're saying praise and fame are unrelated to achievement, that the greatest hits CD cannot possibly contain good songs?
Nobody stops and thinks, hey, we're doing pretty well, we've got Poland and France, and a big Swiss bank account -- let's not invade Russia in the winter!
Let's go home and pop a beer and live off the interest!
(smiles, gets it) Yeah.
Thank you so much.
Mr. Dunham has read your pages, and we're prepared to make you what I hope will be a very exciting offer.
Oh, if you're good, there's some remuneration, eventually, after paperbacks, but at best your career'll be oozing along like a snail, a few thousand more copies, whoop-dee-doo, you're "developing a readership," -- for what?
Price and volume patterns... Armed with Vern's last 800 dollars, I made 4000 in a day.
My new friend, Kevin Doyle, showed me how you could leverage two and a half times your cash at a day- trading firm... I'd been upping the dose for over a week.
"I'm proud of you."
With success comes enemies.
One minute your best friend, the next...you're a leper.
I'm on special medication.
Please.
Well, from 12 thousand to two point eight million in ten days-- Yes.
You are either an amazing con artist or a very smart young man.
Come on -- the two of you together?
The world would have to come to you begging for energy like Oliver Twist with his little bowl of gruel.
And you better be prepared.
It was my first morning off MDT in a month.
Yeah, his Great Leap Forward.
The guy comes on, out of nowhere, so fucking strong he has me on the run.
Please.
Please.
What was I dealing with?
You look good.
No. Well, when he told me about this amazing new drug...
And it was amazing.
He's getting out, Eddie -- he's walking over here- Help! Help!! There's... a... man... chasing me.
I love you.
We'll stay here for a couple of days.
Two months after I started MDT, I was helping broker the most important merger in corporate history.
Well, it's nothing you can cook up on a stove top.
Busy life.
I trust you.
Thank you so much.
He'd better get better.
(re: the jacket) Thing of beauty.
It was my inner door.
Works much better.
I get inspiration...
And your candle will have shed a brief, but lovely, light.
We just want to keep you healthy... and brilliant.
I think you'll be pleased with the arrangement.
Please.
Kisses him, too!
(smiling faintly) And... welcome home.
Good.
Respects to a charmin' lady, ma'am.
...Respects, respects... Mornin'... Coffee's made if you... Coffee'd be fine, sister... (an old man's whimper) My bones is cold... Or bumble bees, by golly...
(crooning) Lookit me, old Mose Harper, rockin' in a rockin' chair... I'm a-goin' to set 'n rock, 'n rock, 'n rock, 'n rock...
(levelly) I figger a man's only good for one oath at a time...
Is no time for talking weddings... Better say prayers for those dirty thieves, by golly... running off a man's beef... Grateful to the hospitality of yore rockin' chair, ma'am... Let's get on with it... Martin!
Well, fust off... (excitedly) Brad!
Well, come on!
Easy! (he starts toward his horse) It's forty miles, sonny... Horses can do with some grain and a little rest.
(sharply) Lucy!... We don't need the lamp yet... (easily) Let's enjoy the dusk a while.
Promise!...
Leggo... Don't let him go in there, Mose... (calling) Lucy -- Lucy! a good WIFE & MOTHER In her 41st year ...and to Your keeping we commend the souls of Aaron... Martha... and Benjamin Edwards... Man that is born of woman is of few days and full of trouble...
He cometh forth like a... (harshly) Amen!... Put an 'amen' to it!
...like a flower and is cut down... Amen! Amen! Charlie--you and Brad ride point!
Well, that's seven we can score up to your brother, Ethan.
(gravely) What good does that do?
You got as much chance of stampedin' their herd as... ...as you have of findin' those girls alive by ridin' into 'em...
(quietly) Just keep goin'... (in soft apology) Jus' bein' sociable, Cap'n... (softly) Keep goin'... (tensely) Look! Easy! (to Clayton) If you were tryin' to surround 'em, you sure succeeded.
I been baptized, Reverend... yes suh, been baptized, thank ye... Well, you better brace yourself for another one... Ya-HEE!
It makes them think their medicine's stronger than yours... Ay-he... That's jest what I tole Joe Powers...
(an aside) That'll be the day!... Let's ride.
It came the day before his... birthday.
(smiling) Laurie.
Someday this country will be a fine good place to be... Maybe it needs our bones in the ground before that time can come... Ma!... Martie's drawers is a sight!
Yes, Pa!... Good night, Martie... good night, Mr. Edwards... Good night... Laurie... Good night... Jorgensen's been runnin' his cattle with my own... (staring) YOUR cattle?... DEBBIE'S cattle!
Good night.
(excited) Futterman!... He's got a little tradin' post on the South Fork o' the Brazos... Laurie, I just got to get me a good horse!
But that's Sweet-face -- your own good horse.
...an' a man's time is worth somethin'... Talk!
For Miss Laurie... Come in, Charlie, come in... (calling inside) LAURIE!... My land!... Two letters in the one year!... (to Laurie) A letter for you, Laurie... Yes'm... Figgered it might be the news you been waitin' for... so... Real good o' you to ride all the way over, Charlie... Might at least say your thank you's, Laurie... Declare!
At one o' the agencies we outfitted with all kind an' manner of trade goods... figgerin' that'd make it easier for us to come an' go... You'd laugh if I told you what was our biggest seller... 'There is one other thing I got to tell you before you hear it from Ethan... How I got myself a wife'... (delightedly) He did? (smacking his knee -- very happy indeed) Good!
A young man should get married early in life.
Right, mama?
(sternly) Is no way to treat a letter, Laurie ...Mama maybe you better read it... (to Charlie, proudly) My wife was a school teacher, Charlie ...She reads good.
I'll read it... (smugly) So he married a Comanche squaw... Haw haw haw! (quietly) Let's go...
(singing) I got another gal purtier'n you.
Looks like Mrs. Pauley's goin' to make you a fine beautiful wife... Cut it out, will ya... Look...
(which means) (My father calls me Wild Goose Flying in the Night Sky... but you call me 'Look').
Says her name's Wild Goose Flying in the Night Sky... but she'll answer to Look since it pleases ya... (blankly) Look? (hotly) I don't think it's so funny...
She ain't goin' back to her family, that's certain... not if she took off where the arrow points.
That's the sense in it, you Cherokee!... Least, THEY won't feed any Comanches this winter... Killin' buffalo's as good as killin' Injuns in this country.
(impressively) Sir -- we charged!... Gentlemen -- and I hope you will quote me -- I cannot say too much for the courage of the men who followed me into that Cheyenne camp... (blurting it) Cheyenne!
What a wonderful name!... (to his aide) Are you getting this, Keefer?
...so we're setting out for New Mexico Territory in the morning...
No place I'd rather be than right here, right now.
Ain't been too good...
You were born old... (all smiles - as they head for the bar) Bienvenidos, senores... Pulque?... tequila?... mescal?... huiskey?
I am this man, senor... Emilio Gabriel Fernandez y Figueroa... at your service... (afterthought) ...for a price... (he smiles) ...Always for a price... Un otra! (tolerantly) Come on, Don Juan... We're on our way... (thickly) Lemme alone... (taking his arm) You breeds are all alike -- two drinks an'... Take yer hands off'n me...
Medicine country, huh? (slight smile) Medicine so strong they believe the feather of an eagle found here can guard a man against bullets... (looking ahead) If you got one handy, now's the time... (gruffly) What are we waiting for?
We come to trade...
(after a moment; lips hardly moving) If you gringo heretics have any prayers, say them... (transfigured) She's alive... Can you believe it, she's alive... alive... An' we found her... (fervently) Please!... I, too, am alive...
You'll see her soon enough... (nodding to the music) Say, that music sounds so good it must be sinful... Grab a partner, reverend!
You better!
(eyes wide) You've seen her!... She's alive?
I've seen her... and she's alive.
You mighta said you loved me...
But I allus loved you...
Well, go get cleaned up and we'll proceed with the weddin'... Ain't goin' to be any weddin' -- not till we get a few things cleared up 'round here... (a grin) Well... it was a nice weddin' party... considerin' no one got married... 'Night.
Good night, Ed... Now, mamma!...
This an invite to a necktie party, Reverend?
He talks crazy but I brought him along... Says he lives here... keeps mentioning a rocking chair.
Here... by the fire... What you need's a good bowl of soup... (blankly) Seven Fingers?
(staring) You crazy?
Only it ain't goin' to be that way... she's alive... Livin' with Comanches ain't bein' alive... (same tone) She's alive... Better she's alive and livin' with Comanches than her brains bashed out... Now son, it's a bitter thing to say, but there's more than your sister at stake here.
Long... wavy hair...
The Colonel sent me looking for you... (dismissing him) Well you found me... Good work, son... Good work.
If you don't hear me first time I holler, you better read my mind...
I don't aim to raise no two hollers on any subject at hand... Yes, sir... Watch that knife, boy! Tahbo.
'Love you too, bro.
There's this prejudice against super- smart people.
(seeing Larry's incredulity) It's his life.
He's being harassed by the Justice Department, and he's got a new baby.
I'd love to show them to you.
A lot of what Larry says is true.
Life stuff.
I'm here as a friend.
That took some fun out of -- We're not gonna let it.
According to the cult's eerily professional website, it was "time to move on..." There're 20 buildings, I mean not counting the Gyms, the Day Care, etc. Gary's put millions in there.
Welcome!
Your girlfriend's an artist.
With reproductions.
(when Milo looks dubious) He's always happy to see you.
Right... Right.
To our new life.
Why not let him write Skywire.
Right, right.
(he smiles) You're compulsive.
(he smiles sadly) Not that I don't miss you.
Take good care of this guy.
It helps.
Please.
Thank you for seeing me.
My goodness.
You're happy there?
(through their kisses) ...been such a long night.
They'd be happy just to steal code forever.
At your new school?
You had to come up with a good story, right?
He's buying up pretty much everything: cable companies, baby bells, picture libraries, museum rights, film archives... Getting ready for Skywire.
"Outpost and Newscorp in new deal," Fox is out.
How close are you?
He's building this -- (gestures at the screen) mega-network for Skywire.
(a new wrinkle) Oh, man.
"A beautiful geek?
They called the house to ask who's your favorite painter.
Meet my friend, Ricky.
(his mind elsewhere) Cool.
Darling, the only art left in America is business.
I've enjoyed working with you.
Help you?
You can't pre-empt Yoga, that's our biggest show.
That's your dream in life.
Great.
Great!
Hey, hey, relax, relax!
Most of us who write software achieve our greatest work before age 30.
The world's seen it now.
(he's writing on a legal pad) Easy to spin, old as the hills: What's good for Outpost is good for America.
Surprised he's not your guest.
Beth?... Whatever makes me happy.
It's night, the highway's empty -- you can make good time.
(chipper) Hi! Hi, honey.
G'night.
G'night.
(after a beat) Sears can afford to give you a bonus.
Good deal.
(extremely pleased) Well, good morning... (recognizing him) You... (extending a hand) Sid.
Nice to see you again.
Realty office likes a fresh coat between tenants.
(admiringly) I did a nice job.
Tomorrow's Sunday.
Yeah...? The new people move in on Sunday.
(smiling) I've lived in Enfield my whole life.
A house like this, it's real easy.
Off-white.
(looking to the present) What's that?
Thanks.
I'm lucky I don't have to kill them.
(smiling) I guess he'd be the "they".
It's a sofa bed.
Excellent.
(excited) Nick's gonna steal a t.v.! Who are you?
Crime's interesting.
You watch t.v., you're thirteen places at once.
(disarmingly) You've got a nice tan.
(acting cheerful) Oh... great!
(puzzled, but playing along) Thanks... (personably) Now you just take this receipt out, give it to the guys at the loading dock and they'll give you your brand new beautiful television set.
(savoring the bubble plastic) Excellent.
Ha ha ha.
(smiling) She does.
There's nothing like drugs to create a quick and shallow friendship.
(w/ mixed emotions) This is the nicest thing I've ever owned.
(enthusiastically) Nice speakers!
(happily) Yeah! (w/ happy disbelief) Fuckin' Nick... (over the din, dryly) Hi, kids.
(dryly) Thank you.
(smiling) My pants are taken.
He likes you.
I'll help.
I've got to be out of here Sunday.
Gift shop.
Yeah, so you're in tune with this stuff... (checking the pump) It's thirteen bucks.
Make a fresh start in a new town.
You ready for another?
(covered by static) "And he arose and came to his father, but when he was still a great way off, his father saw him and had compassion, and ran and..." (forcefully) You've lived here your whole life?
(smiling) That's not offered.
(smiling) He's lived here his whole life.
(after a beat) Come hold me, and you'll be happy.
(dryly) I'll find happiness.
I have to find happiness in myself.
I've lived with people who have that happiness from within.
That happiness -- it's just them being pleased with themselves.
Nice to meet you.
(loudly) Nice to meet you.
Delicious... Right before my mother died, she said -- "Elizabeth.
(after a beat) I'd like to stay right here... I have to be out tomorrow.
In this moment... Enjoying this moment.
Do I remind you of her? No. (relieved) Thank God.
You have beautiful skin... her skin was polka-dotted.
(laughing) What happened?
Good.
I love you.
(he listens, frustrated) No. No. No.
(he listens, then urgently) Yes it can, it can be done.
Good.
(cheerfully) So what are we doing?
I mean you're being great, but I can't take it.
That would make her laugh.
(smiling) You've given me a home.
(smiling to herself) He kinda bites my butt, but he's okay.
No. (imploring) Beth... Beth... you love me... (defiantly) No! How do you feel?
You love me.
(adamantly) Listen!
(walking past him toward the house) Beth's new boyfriend.
What kind of man won't fuck up his life for the women he loves?
(happily) This is it!
Are you the couple moving out? No. No... (improvising) We're your new neighbors.
(putting on a good face) It's nice to meet you.
(cheerfully, while shaking hands) It is... and it's so nice of you to greet us.
Thank you.
Thanks anyway.
(calling out) Nice meeting you.
Good.
Well, I had a big day.
Good kid.
Everyone likes a good kid... How's my favorite President?
But you've got his heart.
Let him talk to me, he makes Macmillan look good, I print it, the British public likes it, Macmillan owes you.
You're up bright and early.
Good morning, Mr. O'Donnell.
Good.
Good.
Good morning, Mr. President.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Dean, good morning.
Way it's going, the Democratic Party.
Deal.
You were excited.
Everybody agrees the diplomatic route is out.
Kenny, I'm getting funny questions from the guys in the press office.
This meeting's been on the books for months.
I need it by Saturday.
Well, I'm not.
Our guy running this show is the best.
75 millimeter, I'm listening.
There's a new epic director in town!
The OAS meeting starts in an hour.
Make it unanimous.
White House Operator.
VFP-62, Fightin' Photo, here.
This is the White House Operator.
Uh... we'll do our best, sir.
Great.
I promise.
New contact!
Jack and Bobby are good men.
Nobody, nobody, talks about my friends that way.
I don't want to listen to this again.
If we made a trade, we'd be giving in to extortion, and NATO would never trust us again.
It's a goddman trial balloon.
Yeah, a good political solution.
Zorin will eat him alive!
He better.
I'm glad it's you calling.
Are your spy planes so secret you cannot share this evidence with us?
You, the Soviet Union, have created this new danger, not the United States.
An illustrious tour of duty during the Great Patriotic War gets him on the Party fast track, various tours of duty in KGB, American postings.
You're sure... Don't take it to court, but we've got good circumstantial evidence... (off Walter's nod) Walter agrees.
Time is of the essence.
Helen and I went out for breakfast.
The deal's off.
We're getting everyone together as fast as we can.
Hey! Dad! Hey, sport.
Everything's gonna be fine.
You happy?
The end of the day we'll either agree to their terms, they'll agree to ours, or we'll go to war.
Ignore the second letter, agree to the conditions of the first... There's no reason to believe the Soviets will let it go.
We'll deal with it.
(beat) You are a good man.
Your brother is a good man.
All they say about him today is -- -- he kept the peace.
I'm glad I'm home.
It's a victory with the Soviets.
We've got a lot of new clout, and we can run the table on the Soviets.
The sun came up today.
Every day the sun comes up... says something about us.
Feels good to win, doesn't it?
These old houses are fascinating.
An armchair by the fireplace would look good.
They'll be doing the autopsy right now.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Listen to mine.
It's not a wig, it's my hair.
But... can't we talk a little first?
He was my childhood friend.
Dogs are worth more than people.
Give me a kiss.
She was too good.
That's Christine... ...my best friend.
We're safe here.
It's fantastic, it's your childhood.
What strong arms you have!
The better to scratch your ass with.
That's your happiness and my... my ha-penis.
It's funny.
Did you have fun as a kid?
It's the most beautiful thing.
That's classical... Anyway... My first love was my cousin Paul.
I fell in love with him when I heard him playing piano.
Good excuse.
In the afternoon, when the grown- ups were napping...
Well, he touched you.
Behind the house, there were two trees.
We each began to masturbate.
The first who came... won!
The faster I ran, the better it was and the more I came.
I can't sleep with this music.
I am 20 years old... NO! I... Jesus Christ!
I think I'm happy with you.Do it again!
You make me do whatever you want!
It helps me a lot after what has happened.
Hobby?
Family secrets?
Say, "Holy family."
Holy family.
Church of good citizens.
Church... Good citizens.
Good citizens... Say it.
Family... Family... You... You... You...
I've got a surprise for you!
That's good.
Do you enjoy that?
So it's happy.
A secret... Speak up!
A secret about love, but which isn't love.
That in a week I'm marrying you.
Olympia will be happy.
She's preparing a family museum.
The important thing is to have one.
A strong race.
Madame, the colonel's lady, I announce... On this solemn day... What?
What solemn day?
I'm getting married in a week!
Then the same couple, married with children.
Now, weddings in advertising smile!
They smile.
Marriage... Pop marriage!
For pop youth, pop marriage!
Is love pop?
Love isn't pop.
Love isn't pop.
You're wonderful.
It's the dress that makes the bride.
Better than Joan Crawford!
Better than Kim Novak!
Better than Lauren Bacall!
Better than Ava Gardner when she was Mickey Rooney's lover!
Yum, yum, yum.
That's the best part.
I'm going to make love with him!
A little touch of Mommy in the night.
Smile, you cunt!
It's four in the morning.
Rosa and I are old friends.
Now, if you love me, you'll drink all of it.
OK, I love you.
Anyway, you dummy, I love you.
I love you.
The jury has chosen the following ten best couples: Number 3! 7! 8,9 ...11, 12...13, 14 ... 15 and 19!
Because you're really beautiful.
Let's have a toast to our life in the hotel.
Let's drink a toast to our life in the country.
Oh, for Chr... I'm a nature boy.
Don't you wanna dance?
Go to the circus if you want to see love! Go on!
She is APPALLED and slaps him on the arm as he scoots to the Farewell, you sweet peach blossom.
Beauty of mine, sit before me.
If music be the food of love, play on.
(continuing) And if there is another one of your cute tricks...
I love you...
I love you... I'm your friend... you can trust me to understand...
You're my wife and I love you, too...
You must fight!!! (continuing) Go to Schmidt... Force a confrontation... Don't let Gustav win... make Schmidt see what an injustice they are imposing on you... Please, my love, fight!
Make your world better by fighting for it...
A "clown"...
I will warm your dinner and wait for you to come home.
Will that satisfy you?
You allow yourself to think you have "loyal" followers... Ha! Wait until they've had it with you... You'll get yours... all the smiling, bowing, heel clicking idiots will shaft you too.
Look how you're dressed!
Well, isn't that funny?
Heil Hitler! (shooting that stiff arm out like on a spring!)
Yes sir!!!! Alright, come in, sit down!
I have faith... but not always... sometimes it eludes me...
But that's natural... you can't expect to be perfect in what you try to do...
Thank you, Johann.
I always feel so much better after you talk to me... I'm glad, Helmut, I'm very glad... you know you can always talk to me, about anything... (remembering) Oh!
I almost forgot... Before breakfast this morning, I spoke to one of the guards, a very intelligent one, and he seems quite nice and friendly too.
That's the important thing about this... the Gestapo's in on it.
Not on your life... (catching himself) Er, that is...
(his mind on his thing) That's nice, Johann.
I'll put it up here on the window sill, it'll get the morning sun.
(he looks around the barracks) You're all going to be nice and cozy in here.
You've had your fun... give it to him... NOW! (closing in on Galt) Sure, here's your stupid flower or whatever you call it... Thank you... What's the matter with you guys?
That's the Reverend.
That was close...
I make love, not war!
I made that up... Make love, not war!
Move it out, and on the double!! (nudging Adolf) It looks like Helmut found some new ears to listen to his Super Star fantasies... (to himself, but for Adolf to hear as well; a la Shakespeare, mimicking Helmut) Ringling Brothers would have done anything for me to appear with them but I had to do what was best for me!
You were great!
Reverend?
You'll never get the Great Doork to do anything.
(gritting his teeth) Now, me and these... gentlemen... we don't expect you to do your "act", just a little something that'll give us a laugh, that's all.
Hey, Doork, what about that drunk routine... that was funny... (pacifying his head off) Yeah, that drunk thing... that does sound funny...
(to the men) Right!
(beaten) No, I'm alright... thank you.
(he smiles benevolently) We're going to correct that.
I've been told that energy comes from food.
(loudly) He's the one we can thank for the diet.
He's been telling us how great he is; how funny.
What's so special about him?
Give us one laugh.
Promise.
You can laugh.
Finally got it.
Did you hear the laughs I got yesterday?
It's funny.
The new Commandant.
I can't take another day of them staring at me.
(holding up the plant) It's amazing how a thing like this can feed off itself.
I did make them laugh.
Good.
The children laugh so when they see them flopping up and down.
Mouth looks better in red.
The minister.
I promise.
It finally got here.
Oh, it'll be fun.
Please.
Please.
Please.
It's his birthday.
But he told you it's his birthday?
(after thinking it over) Why, it's his birthday!
(pats boy's head) Tell him I wish him a happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
He's a boy! Dolls are for girls.
When you give something you love... it doesn't matter if it's the right thing.
Good.
I promise.
Still a great deal of work to be done.
(a little smile lights his face) You see, we're not heartless men here.
Now I want everyone to put on a big smile and sit down, because we're going to have more fun than we've ever had.
Good.
Good.
Doork... you're great !
Everybody ready?
Of course, I'd hoped we could be a little more personable.
A locksmith came out, cut the chain and surprise, surprise.
Copley Plaza Hotel four years ago.
Gave him a couple inches.
Serves ya right!
I love you guys.
And as Almighty God created you...he now calleth you home.
Well, you ain't.
Ah, ha! That's what you say.
And you better get my Cub Scout badge ready.
A lot here doesn't make sense which is why it makes perfect sense.
Well, at least the plan is off to a winning start.
So, we shall flow a river forth to Thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be.
(hands Eunice mug) "Gorgeous" George Tuffano.
He's trusted bruglione to Yakavetta but not blood.
They call him "Gorgeous" cuz he likes his silk suits and jewelry.
Nice to meet you, Fuck Ass, I'm Romeo.
Gorgeous George is running the show for Little Yaka.
That shipment of "H" was gonna square our books for six months.
Better the chinks than us, right.
What gives, here?
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Holy shit! (beat, recognition) HOLY SHIT! You're the Saints!
I'm Roy, it's an honor.
So....where's Gorgeous?
Now, that was, perhaps the finest example of spiritual guidance that I have ever had the good fortune ta witness.
Easy fellas.
My name is Eunice Bloom...and I'm your new guardian angel.
He was a good man.
Easier uttered than accomplished.
Besides, I'd like to critique your masterpiece with a fresh eye.
The best you got.
Glad to see you back among the living, Boss.
Ya did fine at your uncle's place.
Special Agent Bloom!
Uh, "Merry Christmas, mother fuckers!"
Good God, man!
We gon have us a good time... ...in the old barn tonight!
So, we shall flow a river forth to Thee and teeming with souls shall it ever be.
I, I, I...am his friend.
It's good for you, good for us.
You got the word of the Bonnavese family on that.
What's da matter with you, eh? Easy, Noah...easy friend.
He set me up, 25 to life.
Hello, old friend.
I am in good supply of tomatoes.
No...I just have faith.
Better go quick.
I hear Costa Rica's nice.
What they did is still more important.
(excited) It's the Event Horizon.
This is not about me at all! (beat, passionate) The Event Horizon was created for one reason: to go faster than light.
Thank you.
If the Event Horizon had worked, he would have gone down in history as the greatest mind in physics since Einstein.
He's too close to it.
Everything green on my boards, Skipper.
(to Miller, accusatory) Good for four months.
I talked to my ex, he'll keep Denny over Christmas and I'll get him this summer.
Dr. Weir, this is: Starck, navigation; Smith, pilot, Justin, ship's engineer -- You can call him Baby-bear, he loves that...
(to Weir) I am your best friend.
That means top-secret, Cooper.
(beat) The Event Horizon was the culmination of a secret government project to create a spacecraft capable of faster- than-light flight.
It should be right there... My God.
It's not a load bearing structure... (to Weir) It is now.
(muffled) Opening inner airlock door.
Boarding party, sound off... Peters, do you read me... .
Baby Bear, don't do this.
I'll meet you at the airlock.
After that, we'd better be on our way home.
What about the life readings you picked up?
The Event Horizon sensors show the same thing: "Bio-readings of indeterminate origin."
Justin...? Mommy... Peters?
Why Dr. Weir, I think you're in love.
Claire used to tell me I loved the Event Horizon more than I loved her.
Peters is right.
I don't need sleep, DJ.
There was a another surge in the bio- readings right before you... you saw what you saw.
You've got to listen... To what?
Please.
(muffled) Come on, Baby-bear, open this door...
Thirty seconds... Hey, Mama-Bear... what are doing...? Oh my god OH MY GOD... Starck!
That's good.
Start the drip, 15cc's fibrinogen, Christ, he's bleeding out... He'll live... if we ever make it back.
(tiny voice) Starck... Sweet Jesus.
Mommy... Denny...? (to his ship) Thank you.
Denny, come to Mommy... Hold on, Denny, Mommy's coming... Denny?
Denny...? Mommy...
Solid as a rock.
Whatever was on that bridge wasn't Weir.
And so are you... (a grim smile of triumph) You can't have them.
Where you going honey?
(covers her mouth) Oh my God! Hey, great party, huh?
Hey Mom.
Happy anniversary.
I think it's a very rare and beautiful thing to be afforded that opportunity.
And God made us for each other and I fucking love you, and you did all this because you love me too, and fuck everyone and everything that doesn't get it!
To a beautiful place.
They see us as a younger, better version of themselves.
You are so beautiful.
I think you're the most beautiful person I have ever met.
The most beautiful person in the universe.
You can trust me.
You can trust me with your life.
You were good.
It made me like... all excited, and like... Horny?
We'll have a nice friendly game of catch.
This is action ten news reporter Jimmy Van Muffmuncher reporting to you live from the parking lot of Dick's grocery store where we're going to witness the beautiful, the talented, the amazing Judy, commit her first crime.
(in his reporter voice) Thank you and thank your tits for this rare, behind the scenes look at your first crime slash moment of truth.
No way, this is the best part.
Twenty years from now, when we're together watching these tapes you'll realize how special this moment is.
Why do you think everybody makes fun of you?
So everybody makes fun of me, huh?
Keep your right hand up.
(to herself) Oh, God Jimmy... (to herself) I love you Jimmy.
(blowing a kiss) Mwaa! I'll be waiting for you when you get out.
Be good and don't wait too long.
You gotta play it cool, okay?
Good evening.
It's on infra-red.
He's beautiful.
I promise.
You promise?
I promise.
You feeling good baby?
Vacation baby.
Weeeeeelllll, you ain't nothing but a young bride... walking down the aisle.
You ain't nothing but a young bride... walking down the aisle.
With the power vested in me by the great state of Nevada...
I'm Judy Wright now! (sing songy, like a little girl) I'm Judy Wright now!
I promise.
Thanks for marrying me.
Hey baby, wake up baby.
Good morning Mrs.
(big smile) Okay.
This is sooo amazing.
Ya'll are welcome to stay as long as ya like.
You wanna do some of the stash at the parties, that's cool too.
Little bitch from the nut house, and you got yourself one sweet looking bride!
He's more than cool man.
I'm ready whenever you are.
And there's nothing more pure and beautiful in the world than an infant.
(biblical) And we will SET FIRE to their world!
I'm so glad you guys came down here.
You've been awesome.
Judy loves it here.
Come on honey.
Hi, baby.
That's it baby.
I love you.
I love you too.
We love living together.
Nobody hates your family.
Everybody loves your family.
Charlie, I loved you.
No, in this one I'm in love... Yeah.
And I say to myself, 'I've finally found somebody that I'm truly comfortable with.'
But Charlie, you're a normal suburban guy at heart, from a normal suburban family.
Marriage.
I'm at marriage.
Charlie, put on Charlie Pride, would ya? Oh, I love Charlie Pride.
Aye -- magic.
The Queen, the Rothchilds, the Gettys, the Vatican, and Colonel Sanders before he went tits up.
Thank you, no.
Scores!
Magic!
Ah, beautiful goal.
I had this friend, he was a martial arts expert.
Look, the truth is, yes, I had a great time, and I'd like to kiss you, but if we do kiss, then we'll kiss on the couch and if we kiss on the couch, then we'll kiss in the bedroom, and once you're in the bedroom -- Well, the thing is, I always rush it.
She's a friend.
(starting to leave) Is she nice --? Ralph... Yeah.
She's great.
(reading) 'Dear Charlie, I didn't want to wake you, make yourself at home, thanks for making me smile.' Harriet.
Gee, I'd love to but I'm running late.
She spoke of the martial arts guy and screamed about Ralph... (affectionately) Well, you know Harriet.
Good.
Good.
You look great.
It's already been nine hours since I last made love to you.
(smiling; walking away) Come on we're meeting your best friend.
I wanna look good.
That we're lovers.
The only thing I ever got was good grades.
(slightly uncomfortable) Good grades are good.
Show Charlie one of your photographs, Rose.
Rose is a great artist.
It's beautiful... Thanks.
Thanks, Rose... See you later.
Rose, great to see you.
That would be great.
That would be... interesting.
I think you're going to love Alan Ginsberg.
He's great.
(smiling) Oh, he did...? Thank you, Tony.
This is my best friend.
You're funny... (whispers to Charlie) I give Susan one night.
(through door) You have the same smile.
Too nice!? Yes, You're my captain for gods sakes.
That's interesting Tony.
Nice guy.
Last night at dinner, she put a martial arts move on my dad.
(reading article) "Larry Leonard, a crooner who made a name for himself for being able to sing in six different languages the song "Only You".
Please.
Yeah that's better.
Well, I don't really take the subway ever, so... I'm just making a point of how many times we trust people with our lives.
Goodnight, sweetheart.
Well, good night.
Good night.
Well... good night.
(smiling) Good night.
You see this red toy?
Oh, yes.
I'd like to put in an announcement of my parents forty-fifth wedding anniversary.
I promise.
I love you.
(after a long pause) I love you.
Other people's celebrations he called it.
(delighted) Oh, like Ralph, the lady carpenter in Green Acres!
I love you!
It's nice to meet you.
(ecstatic) Nice?
It's great to meet you.
It's fantastic to meet you.
Well, thank you, I've heard a lot of nice things about you too, and... Oh, Ralphie, I love you.
Have a great time.
Happy Anniversary to you... (Etc.)
Hey Dad, I got an anniversary present for you... I'm proud of you, son.
I'm proud of you.
I still love you.
Back off, Italian boy.
Trust me.
That's much better Captain.
(nice again) You think so?
It's so beautiful.
Great.
Welcome, Sir.
Great.
Sounds terrific.
Right beyond those trees, Ma'm.
Thanks.
Great.
Charlie, listen to me! It's her! Harriet is Mrs. X!
She killed Ralph and the two other men! (talking softly) Look, that's great -- it just so happens though, that I met... (louder than he had hoped) Ralph, and much to my delight, not only is she alive, but she's female.
Enjoy your meal, Sir.
(over microphone) ...so to these two young people, we wish them a long and happy life together and would like to play their song.
How about the traditional Bride & Groom dance?
I've married a...! (much too pleasant) Hello, Charlie.
Smile, Charlie.
My friend's in danger... Have a good night, you two.
Please?
Aaaaah, Rose, I never thought I'd be so glad to see you.
Why did you marry Harriet?
But none of them listened to me.
And I'm too young.
You want to amble up the street and see the fun and what does he say?
They must have been eatin' breakfast the way it looked, sittin' by the fire eatin' breakfast and when I got there nothin' but them lyin' dead in their underdrawers.
Thanks.
(shy) Pleased to meet you, ma'am.
(dryly) It was a gift from the citizens of Aspen.
(shy) Pleased to meet you, ma'am.
(dryly) So am I. It's a nice place owned by an old couple named Wyatt.
Thanks.
(half-smile) Steve and me, we use a saddle for a pillow and roll up in a tarp.
(to Steve) Go on, there's a good boy.
(smiling) The other half's a wedding present.
Can't see young love thwarted -- especially if it makes one less girl to worry about.
Only I got the idea that -- well Clay and me used to be walking through town and there was your place and through the window I could see you dancing, but Clay always took me over to the other side of the street.
Good night, Steve.
(soft) There's a nice boy.
Let's stay here until morning.
Your friend'll be there.
Did I tell you how grateful I am for what you've done?
Ever since you've looked after Steve you've had the dream -- a ranch on the river -- good grass, good water, barn corral and house --- that part you've shared with Steve.
Blonde as a new mop.
And beautiful as the girl on a feed store calendar.
Did you make it interesting?
I tried my best, but these things take time.
Then it's a day's trip to Sonora.
But I like to do it.
I'll round up the horses.
(happily) You were right -- a man has only so many no's in him.
All the poems in the world wouldn't fill you half as much as a bowl of eatmeal -- but they make you feel good.
But you're his brother.
(dryly) You make him sound wonderful... Go on.
(nodding off) Get in training for the pioneer life.
Just because a man kisses a woman, doesn't always mean -- well, he can kiss her and not want to -- have her around all the time.
Thanks.
Thanks.
(a whisper) Tell me, darling.
The sooner I get to Sonora, the better I'll like it.
Well cheer, why don't you?
I'm opening the slickest gambling house in California with a crystal chandelier, the biggest you ever saw -- -- Gaslights and a dance floor and a big bar.
Sounds fine.
I've been watching you change.
And run the horses into the corral.
I'll eat when I'm good and ready.
You think you're so slmighty -- smart -- Who are you to sit up there and say nobody's good enough for you, like you said yesterday -- just because a man kisses a woman -- -- doesn't mean he wants to marry her.
Mind giving a lady a lift into town?
Yeah -- but don't make a habit of it.
(stares down at him, then) I guess so -- but don't make a habit of it.
(softly) Thanks for loading me on the stage.
His cubicle is jammed with racks of vintage and bleeding-edge computer gear.
Dangling from desk lamps, the company toy: Conical pyramid with a square stuck on top, labeled "X-NET RULES!" Come on guys!
Boys and girls, we cannot sell a secure network that is not secure.
At a time like this, let's seek inspiration in the past.
I'm ready to do my part.
He was brilliant in his way, but genius without discipline leads to nothing.
Have good trip?
Score this hit and I'll make you my full partner in this company.
I don't know what you're going to find in there, but whatever it is, promise you'll follow your heart and do the right thing.
So you think I have a heart?
X-Net is amazing.
(to Mega) This guy can filter a river of junk data and pull out the good stuff.
And the green guy splattered big time!
It was awesome!
You're good.
Hey babe.
You are awesome, man.
This is going to be good.
Good.
Better show me how to use mine.
Thanks.
Smart, wise beyond her years.
Krod and I are ready to help.
Dude, are we glad to see you!
Thanks.
Now everybody's after us! Nah, we're cool.
Awesome!
Go with the others!
Jump!
Enough time to gain his trust.
He is satisfied.
They will be met with a final thrashing.
I created X-Net to the same standard of flawless beauty.
Plexor crosses into his inner sanctum.
Good to see you guys.
We made progress decoding X-Net's power supply encryption.
Excellent.
Good eyes.
These guys fit the pieces together.
We have his master key.
Ready to rock and roll.
Plexor will be have his best troops standing in our way.
He holds tight, ready to scream - Awesome, dude!
Don't let go! Fighters are amazed, as TRON'S DISK POWERS UP - And RUSH'S body circuits DAZZLE in the ruby circuitry patterns of TRON.
His circuitry strobes in hues of brilliant red.
Amazing balance.
YES! Excellent move, dude!
Throbbing with energy.
Oh man, this is good.
Cheers from Krod, Quantz, Boole and Code Monkeys.
The two Cybavors use energy "food" to bifurcate into FOUR.
I'm proud of you, Mega.
Krod my friend!
I-beem joins Fighters as they press deeper, engaging the next X-Takk onslaught.
But Encom lives.
I love it.
Cheers all around.
The man (40's) and woman (30's) sit on the couch in their tastefully-decorated San Fernando Valley home.
We love documentaries.
We recognize Henry, the frog waiting to become a prince, making copious notes and Alan, oh-so-proud, hanging on every word.
Beaming.
Three others round out the group: Younger MAN (early 30s).
Always thinks he's the coolest guy in any room.
"Nyet, Not yet," Natasha stated, exhausted, but grateful.
Finally, inspiration.
Henry rushes to his desk and taps out a sentence or two on his computer, feeling proud for his accomplishment.
As Henry's voice over continues, we see him in uniform with pizza in hand at the front door of a house.
Good jobs for a writer.
You meet lots of interesting people.
I come up with great ideas, but don't always follow through.
He picks up his mini-digital Olympus RECORDER off the coffee table.
Colette opens the sliding glass door and steps out into a beautiful garden area.
This is where I come for inspiration.
I'll meditate.
Set out my creative path for the day.
Favorite author?
Back to the present.
Camera picks up a FRAMED PHOTO OF OPRAH from a corner of the bench.
Tonight's the night.
It'll be great.
Writing is her dream.
It's about a Russian woman who comes to this country in search of love.
It was inspired by a story I heard from one of my massage clients, Yuri.
Yes, it's true--I used to do massage.
Here comes that smile as she looks directly into the camera.
Hannah springs up.
What a lovely surprise!
Hugs all around between Hannah and Maureen and Colette.
I just had to say "Congratulations" to my new favorite author.
Love, Alan."
Hannah is more focused on the gift.
So sweet of you, Colette.
My pleasure.
Is he--Is he taking on new clients?
How best to respond?
A hug for both Maureen and Hannah.
By the way, everything in the basket--gluten free!
Alan breezes in, ever-smiling, greeting both enthusiastically.
Thanks for seeing me today, Alan.
Way to go, Ms. Published Author!
Everyone gets a hug from Hannah.
What's important is that I owe this success to all of you.
E-books.
That's right, Obert.
But I'll have my book in two weeks.
John K. Butzin will be a published author.
And be published first.
Congratulations.
She leans over and gives him the briefest of hugs.
My, two published authors in the group.
The meeting gets down to business.
Alan, Colette, Henry, William and Hannah, wearing her new glasses, listen as John reads from Roaring Lion.
He had won this time, but Gunner knew Charlie would be back in the morning.
By god, he would be ready.
John finishes and sits back in his chair, quite pleased with himself.
She has a book coming out.
John K. Butzin has a book coming out.
What an amazing man.
Colette begins a New Age chant for added support.
Loud, punctuated by laughter.
This is good.
So good.
What great characters.
The imposing house screams success.
...Reading Richard Benedict...made me want to be a better writer.
He's that good, Hannah.
Nice house, though.
Hannah stares blankly at the house.
Hannah smiles politely, but it's clear she doesn't recognize the house.
Give up?
He wrote The Great Gatsby.
(Reciting from heart) Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us.
Henry can't hide his surprise.
I haven't read all these great novels.
My stories come from my heart.
Boy meets girl.
Full meeting of the writing group, all crammed around the dining table.
A single BOWL OF PRETZELS has been placed before them.
John is half-listening at best, more interested in the MAGAZINE he's thumbing through.
William REACHES UNDER THE TABLE and gently squeezes Colette's hand.
You are my shining star."
Then Colette puts it back and squeezes William's hand.
Colette--Did the new scene work for you?
You don't need us--well, it's not that you don't need us, but, you know... Alan's voice trails off before he can dig himself any deeper.
Finally looks to Henry for help.
Finally holds up magazine to reveal that he's been reading VARIETY.
First-time scribe Hannah Rinaldi, repped by Brian Barkley of SoHo, scores six-figure movie deal.
Ink is still fresh, but Barkley boasts keen interest by..." John keeps reading.
Members of the writing group struggle to deal with Hannah's latest success: Alan and Colette sit on their living room couch together, wearing matching pajamas, staring straight ahead like zombies.
Gives up.
Happy- go-lucky.
The Amazing Doctor Eckleburg.
His smile disappears.
No. You've inspired my writing-- No. Hi.
John grunts his thanks.
(Reading out loud) 1,644,973 . . .
The AUTHOR (50's) sits at the signing table, obliging, but not outgoing, grunting hello to people and smiling (somewhat) for photos as he signs BOOKS.
(To himself) Pleasure to meet you.
No. Honor to meet you.
He She They is my favorite novel.
The moment has arrived.
She puts her book down on the table.
Smiles.
Finally a slight smile crosses Dr. Xiroman's face.
Co-Authors.
It's not exactly what I wanted, but at least now I finally have an agent.
Babe, I need a single.
C'mon, babe.
How much better are you, Hannah?
Why isn't it enough that I'm your friend?
She had the smarts of my first wife.
What matters now is that the Roaring Lion book tour is about to begin.
Can't wait to hit the road and meet the good people of this nation.
New pages.
I'm ready to read.
Looks satisfied.
Dear, sweet Hannah.
Please!
I congratulated her.
And I finally got introduced to Richard Benedict--formally.
This is why I love LA.
Small world, isn't it?
Fresh voice.
Interesting characters.
I'll call him with the good news.
They made me a better writer.
Finished my novel.
Ready for whatever-- WAITRESS stops by the table, refilling Henry's cup.
That young waitress with purple streaks in her hair and matching purple glasses thumbs through the book.
Clutching the book, Eudora recites from memory: Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us.
Eudora smiles, glad for the positive reinforcement.
Good.
After a very successful book tour, John K. Butzin heard the Grand Canyon State calling.
Good people.
Thanks.
Well, I can give you a couple of days to make some other arrangement, but... Well -- Brian?
I understand what you're saying, and I think it's great.
Yeah... I've got the baby-sitter... But... Thanks for a lovely evening.
Thank you.
I got all these things I gotta do back in Worcester... Oh... ...Yeah, so I'm probably not gonna be able to stay more than a day or so... Oh... Well... That's all right...! ...I'm kind of trying to keep to a schedule of sorts.
It's a long and worthy story but I won't trouble you with it right now.
Here we go... Thank you, Sammy... I'm really gonna pay this back.
Your mom is my sister.
Were you a wild kid?
Were you friends with him?
Do you like it here?
Thank you.
Thank you both.
Nice to meet you, Bob.
And I love you.
That was great!
We creamed them!
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
(Friendly) Hi.
It's nice to meet you.
Well, I -- I'm just trying to do my best here -- And I'm gettin' it from all sides.
Amen.
It was a little clandestine thing we did for fun!
I was actually trying to be nice to him.
Yes! Morning.
Yeah, good morning.
Me! That's right, my little friend.
That's great, honey.
I didn't realize I was smiling.
I don't feel my happiness and comfort are based on closing my eyes to trouble within myself or trouble in other people.
Well, I'm not takin' you.
I'll take you, sweetie.
Was my father a good fisherman?
Sammy, I love you.
An old friend.
He says an old friend!
Rudy, meet Rudy.
Nice to meet you.
Now give me your right hand...
I may not be the greatest mother in the world, but I'm doing the best I know how.
You are a very important person to Rudy, and you are the most important person to me.
Well, thanks, man.
But you made a pretty good speech to me yesterday about people sticking to their commitments... Yeah...? Well... you made a commitment to this bank, Sammy.
I'll come home for Christmas.
We'll have Christmas together.
Your Excellency.
Be good today.
Good, good!--I have the world waiting for me, there's never time to look at your exercises!
(kisses her hand) But sin has a price, you may be sure of that.
Ah, love!
Was it love?
Princess Ekaterina!
Delighted, delighted!
I'm so pleased you were able to be with us, Konstantin Dmitrich!
Princess Kitty . . .
Good.
What have you got to smile about?
The day is coming.
Are you waiting to fall in love?
Romantic love will be the last illu- sion of the old order.
You should marry one of your peasants.
Then come and stay with me at Pokrovskoe till you get your health back.
It's him Do you love him, Dolly?
You love him, and he loves you, but you can't forgive, so your lives must continue like this for ever, with both of you wretched.
You can introduce me to your new governess.
surrounded by that blue mist, like mist on the mountains that clears slowly to reveal the terrifying, beautiful valley you must enter to become grown-up . . .
The Princess retired early . . .
God will forgive you.
God forgive us then, for committing the act of love.
Your father built the church.
It's a relaxation to dance with you, Princess.
Thanks to Anna, I am a happy man.
Levin is a thousand times better than this Petersburg fop.
as lovely as ever, Princess Kitty.
He'll dance the mazurka with Kitty, you'll see.
Dance with me.
I'll never forget a single thing about you, not a word, not a gesture-- That's enough!
Did you have a good night?
You'll wake up one fine morning and say to yourself--"I feel well and happy and I'll go out for a walk with Papa!"
Thank you, sir.
And we all love you for your contrary opin- ions, Princess.
Thank you.
Give me a cup of tea.
How nice--Alexei Aleksandrevich has arrived.
I can do better than that.
There can be no peace for us--only misery or the greatest happiness.
Her heart told her no.
For me, it's the condition of personal happiness and living the right way.
It's Aunt Kitty, darling. . . .
There are better men waiting for you.
Why do they call it love?
I'm blessed.
You love me.
Are you happy?
And you love me?
So this is love.
She is spending the summer at Tsarskoe.
Near Princess Betsy.
Vronsky's unhurt--but the horse . . .
I love him.
Do what you like to me.
congratulations.
Not in front of the Princess.
I can tell you're happy.
Time for bed!. .
They look happier than I've ever been.
Good evening, Your Excellency.
Karenin!--I'm glad you came.
Stay to dinner and later talk it over with Dolly-- Prince Oblonsky, everything is over between our families.
Still, not many of us can say that our lover died for love!
Love?
An impure love is not love, to me.
Thank God!
She fell in love with another man.
He's a saint!
Thank Him whose love pours through me!
I am very pleased to meet you both.
Yes, good.
Good.
Thank you, Father . . .
At your benevolence.
You're such an expert on love, Kostya . . .
It's the boy's birthday . . .
My friend . . .
I've come to see Sergei Alexeyich.
Today is my birthday.
Oh, he's grand!
remarkable.
you had an excellent night!
She's in Moscow to have the baby.
Oh, tell her how pleased I am . . .
(she gulps a laugh) Oh . . .
love! Yes . . .
I had an inspiration.
Good!
You've stopped loving me.
Because I've been living off your love and there's none left, so this is over!
We'll go on Sunday.
I love you.
You can't ask why about love.
I'll be better than that.
As the truck exits frame, we - May 1990 The crowd of family and friends, and of course, students.
Their bright young faces, capped heads, and gowns, glide up to the podium to accept their diplomas.
INTERCUT: Chris, in a shower (PHOTO-SONICS) He TURNS INTO CAMERA, the water streaming down his face.
He hands a book of Sharon Olds' poetry to her.
There's a lot of great poems in there.
Thanks, big brother.
Chris and Carine join Walt and Billie at the table.
Congratulations, son.
My grades are gonna be good enough, I think, to get into Harvard Law.
I'm so glad you're getting out of that place you're living.
It was so much nicer when you lived on campus.
You promise?
Well, your father and I want to make a present to you.
The Datsun runs great.
It's a great car.
Chris returning to polite - But, thanks anyway.
I said thank you.
And with a parting smile to her brother, she poses with it on her own head.
Chris smiles and waves goodbye.
Chris is on the move north through the gorgeous landscape of the Sierras, humming as he walks, when he comes upon a sign on the trail: PERMIT CAMPING IN DESIGNATED Chris bows to the sign as one would to speak to a small child.
Listen, it looks like you've got your food secured pretty good, so I'm not gonna make you move on tonight.
Chris descends the mountains where they meet the Redwoods.
That's no mere man, sweetheart.
That's Alexander SuperTramp! King of the wild frontier!
Wild place.
Livin' on the cheap under the sun.
And a lot of second-hand goods.
The people are cool.
The three of them laugh.
It's good.
Jan moves to Chris, hugs him, kisses him on the cheek.
You're wonderful.
Chris reads from Thoreau's WALDEN from the chapter on "Higher Laws" as we move slowly in toward him, we begin to HEAR quiet sounds of what may be love-making coming from Rainey and Jan's tent.
A gentle smile comes over Chris' face and in its irony, he looks to the page before him.
Chris' sliding fingertip underlines the following passage: Chastity is the flowering of a man; and what are called genius, heroism, holiness, and the like, are but various fruits which succeed it.
6. Hitchhiking in the Montana sunset.
The day before he left was my dad's birthday.
Chris made a speech... Chris stands beside the family piano, speaking to a party of his parent's friends, Walt and Billie among them.
Beside him, a large gift-wrapped present.
(a little drunk, a little emotional) Dad, you and I have had our differences over the years...but on your birthday I want to tell you how grateful I am for all the things you've given me.
So, in return, I've been busting my ass a bit...at Domino's Pizza - Chris moves to the gift.
And the party responds with applause.
Chris walks through the cheering family friends to take his place beside Carine at the bottom of the steps.
PRESENT: Walt expressionless, walking into camera.
Outdoors-man.
(with a drunken, excited energy) No, Alaska, Alaska.
Big mountains, rivers, sky.
Mr. Happy.
Gimme a kiss.
(mock opening his zipper, in a high-pitched voice) Come on, give Mr. Happy a kiss!
The place is packed and Chris is taking over the piano, surprising everyone with a tremendous talent.
Segueing from honky-tonk country to ragtime, he's become the life of the party.
It would be Christmas in a couple of months.
But I told myself it was good.
As Chris paddles downstream with Mexico in his sights, he is stirred by the saline beauty and the clean slant of light.
Whatever drawer he was opening now must have something sweet in it.
As he pierces feet first, a clear blue surface of the river's water, CAMERA goes UNDERWATER with him and follows him in CU as he surfaces, jubilant in the beauty of the Topock gorge.
Chris, on a day hike, the river behind him, he (TELEFOTO LENS played in beautific BACK LIGHT) tracks a herd of wild horses.
SOUNDS of typewriters.
36 days, wow.
I guess they're gonna have to watch that spillway a little better.
A freight train cranks up its great engines and starts its move west.
This is good.
You're doing a great job.
Right, right.
And please.
The growing independence of his financial situation felt in the MUSIC OVER: SERIES OF ANGLES as Chris rides out of town, into the desert, from a late afternoon sun into a sunset as he arrives at his - The casino lights of Laughlin, Nevada distantly in B.G. Chris pedals up a dirt path to find many of his belongings strewn about.
Chris picks up his tattered hat and smiles.
(happy for him) We've made our quota, have we?
Well, we've enjoyed knowing you.
We SEE that many of the inhabitants have set up CHRISTMAS TREES outside their trailers and tents.
Sunni!
(overjoyed) Alex! As she goes to hug him - ANGLE: Rainey hearing his name, jumps up from his stool to join them.
Big embraces all around.
An impromptu campfire celebration with live music from a makeshift stage.
Jan and Rainey are doing great.
They enter into a duet of John Prine's Angel from Montgomery for the crowd of the Slabs' fire-lit inhabitants.
In the crowd, we find Rainey and Jan clapping and dancing along to Chris and Tracy's song.
Merry Christmas.
He hugs her.
And kisses her.
Rainey walks over to Chris and gives him a paternal hug.
Thanks for everything.
New Year's resolution?
I can't take a hug.
Lean, softly handsome, and graceful.
He'd take them on what he loved to refer to as "epic" runs.
This was my brothers idea of fun.
In many ways, my life and even my parents had begun to move in new directions.
I'd fallen in love.
Steaming pools lined with rocks and shaded by palm trees.
SLO MO: We are looking down a radically steep rock face.
A shirtless Chris is in training running towards us under the hot desert sun.
A HEAVY SET GIRL passes him in the aisle with her well-mannered dog following her.
(no high-pitched pet voice) Hey boy.
You are a handsome fellow.
(over shoulder to the girl) Beautiful dog.
Thank you.
Anyway, it was important to me.
(having wolfed down the steak) Well, I'm finished eating.
I'd love to see your workshop.
5. Chris jogging in the morning beside Oh-My-God Hot Springs.
You should make a radical change in your lifestyle.
The core of man's spirit comes with new experiences.
God's placed it all around us.
And it sounds like you don't mind calling it God.
But when you forgive, you love.
And when you love...God's light shines on you.
Miraculously, it is just at that moment that the cloud clears from the sun and the light shines in Ron's eyes.
The two men, their eyes welling up, fall back laughing.
We see that he has been there for a week's worth of entries as the squirrel is mentioned on day seven.
Chris is awakened by a new May sun, streaming light through the windows of the bus.
POV: the sun, circling high in the heavens.
Chris dances atop the bus, naked in the new spring.
(Note: We are in a time of year in this part of the world where the sun dips behind the horizon only four hours a day) INTERCUT: SERIES OF ANGLES throughout which Chris remains thin but his pallor improves: 1.
Chris traipses along the seasons rose hips and lingonberries, which he gathers in great quantity and snacks on as he walks.
ANGLE: CU - He's beaming with satisfaction.
Sunrise and nature awakens.
Bird songs and flower blooms.
Chris reading Tolstoy's Family Happiness.
His POV: The page: what Chris reads: I have lived through much and now I think I have found what is needed for happiness.
A quiet, secluded life in the country with the possibility of being useful to people... Chris sits amongst the pink bunches of fireweed choking the vehicles wheel wells, growing higher than the axles, his back leaning against the bus, finishing the reading of Family Happiness.
ANGLE: Chris, reading with great interest.
His POV: The page: what Chris reads: And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire?
A gentle breeze tickles morning flowers.
The sunlight dances in a coppice of aspen and leaves of trees above.
Chris showers (PHOTO-SONIC) MUSIC, LYNYRD SKYNYRD'S Simple Man (lyrics in cursive) begins to play OVER: My momma told me / when I was young Chris packs his gear.
He writes: EXTREME CU: Beaded and shimmering from the past night's rain, a bright red berry moves in the breeze like a tiny vibrating bell.
Fuck, I love Mexico.
Amen.
You should be sleeping, baby.
Good news.
(sits up; excited) When?
And thank your father in the morning.
Your Spanish is good enough.
They won't be paying you enough to perform miracles.
Willing to talk.
You will meet my wife first.
How does it affect you?
He's like a great big bear.
Good night, baby.
She likes him.
Pinta likes him.
Pinta loves school.
Being black, is that a positive or negative for a bodyguard in Mexico?
Four a day.
We're so happy to have her back in school.
Do you ever see the hand of God in what you do?
Creasy, what's up? (listens; laughs) Yeah?
(listens; laughs again) Oh you know that?
It wasn't a school like yours and there was no Sister Anna.
I'm not paid to be your friend.
She has swimming practice today.
Jordan, thank you for the lovely lunch.
It's better to be free, right?
You enjoy it for us, Pinta.
The food is excellent, Maria.
My pleasure, Creasy.
Thank you, Creasy.
Give her my love.
The night you arrived, Mom asked you if you had a family and you lied, didn't you?
I didn't have a family.
Don't tell my friends.
She sends her love.
Good night, Pinta.
Good things happen, too, Creasy.
(smiles big) Like meeting me.
(happy to see him) You're late.
Good.
You welcome the sound.
The sound is what frees you.
I want to thank you, Creasy.
Mr. Creasy, nice to see you.
When we were eighteen, we made an agreement to "take the world" together.
Then one day, he calls and says, 'I'm in love and I'm moving to Mexico.'
I saved it.
Thank you, Pinta, it's beautiful.
Come on, baby.
New Testament, Romans 13.
We feel a better guarantee of getting Pinta back without your involvement.
That's good.
I'm here to see my friend.
When I heard it was this hospital I was so pleased.
The best pastries in Mexico.
He has a heart condition.
I'm writing a story.
I can help.
Thank you.
She loved you and you let them take her.
Blue Bayou is a dream, Pinta.
Dreams are beautiful, Creasy-Bear, but life is better.
(smiles) Why are you here?
Thanks.
He sounded strong to me.
Please.
What's surprising these days?
(laughs) Your man's here.
He's my friend.
That's what friends do.
Their facilities are as good as my own, if not better.
And I had my men ready.
Please.
Thanks.
I wish he would smile.
Deal.
(smiles) Really.
(laughs at himself) The last few days may represent the best police work of my life.
Daniel? Listen to me.
It's wet but good.
I will give you a life for a life.
Her life for your life.
She is alive.
Pinta is alive.
I love you, Creasy...
And you love me, right?
Christen the new house.
Isn't THAT why you married me?
Morning, Derek.
How's the new house?
Lucky for me, I sneaked out as soon as the movers showed up.
Well, it was nice to meet you, Lisa Sheridan.
Well, we toasted the house -- Toasted Kyle -- Your promotion -- But I've saved the most important toast for last... (raising his glass) To my beautiful wife who I love and adore more than anything in the world.
And to my handsome husband.
I asked for the moon and he gave me the stars.
This time in our own bed.
You know how I like looking at your sexy butt.
Good morning, Derek.
I put a memo on your desk about the Christmas party this Friday.
To the Christmas party.
Well that's no fun.
Well, it's Monday and first thing on Monday...
Thanks.
I think that's incredibly sweet.
It's a beautiful little park with a duck pond and close enough to push Kyle.
What a handsome boy.
Talk about the perfect family.
It was great to meet you... Beth.
So what's the deal with her?
Feeling better?
Thanks.
he three share a laugh.
(light laugh) I'm way too devious to ever get caught.
(with a smile) We do.
Ten years this Spring.
What's the grand plan?
isa laughs.
C'mon big talker... it's Christmas time.
You can dance.
(good natured laugh) Coward.
erek looks at his watch.
Sally Sloane did a table dance.
Come on, where's your holiday spirit?
Dance with me.
Good morning.
The Christmas party.
Hank in Human Services tossed his cookies on the Christmas tree.
Tell him he'll have it end of the day.
What are you -- I owe you an apology for the Christmas party.
Thanks.
How's the new house?
New house is great.
Come on, bro.
That's good news.
Not a bad little Christmas present.
Great.
I think it's gonna be a happy new year for all of us.
God, it's after three.
That's the last time I'm going out on New Years Eve.
Next year we'll celebrate here at home.
So you go back, say your good nights to the boys and I'll be waiting in my room.
(interrupting his talk) Thank god.
It's gorgeous outside and I made a reservation at -- What do you think this is?
She was in your bed, Derek!
I love you, Beth.
I love Kyle and the life we have together.
Her face transforms into a bright smile.
(keeping the surprise out of her voice) He sent you flowers?
My favorite.
They're lovely, aren't they?
Slept together.
Had sex.
It can't be easy to find out that the man she loves is in love with another woman.
strange smile) You know the old saying.
Come on, we agreed.
This is an important night.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Have fun.
I haven't seen you looking this relaxed and beautiful in weeks.
The TV is going, she's (super friendly) Hi, I'm Beth's friend Allie.
Good girl.
You two have a great night.
Nice meeting you.
It's his birthday tomorrow.
He was a doll.
What friend?
She took my baby!
Say hi to your dad and tell your mom everything's going to be fine, I love her.
Much more fun than Legoland.
(bright and chipper) Hey there, girlfriend.
Derek is driving down first thing in the morning to be by her side.
The graphic artist?
Lisa, you'd be so proud of me.
I met him for drinks at -- Patrick.
Good.
Please what?
Please.
Hugging the hone RINGS again.
The crowd is enthralled as Derek Mantini, arguably the greatest puppeteer in the history of the world, performs "The Belle of Amherst" with his 60 foot Emily Dickinson puppet, directed by the inimitable Charles Nelson Reilly.
Beautiful, beautiful!
Thank you.
Welcome to LesterCorp.
Well, sir, I'm an excellent filer.
That's a quote from the book jacket.
You're hired.
It's an interesting story, Wendy.
Many years ago in the late 1800's, James Mertin, an Irish ship captain looking to invest in the future of our great country, came to this town and decided to erect an office building.
Well, it is not my fault that thou art tiny.
I am not asking for alms, but rather the ear of a kind man with a noble heart.
Amazing.
That's great.
You're good.
(over-enunciating) Thank you, Floris.
(swooning) Music to my ears!
New puppet?
I want my body to inspire lust in that beautiful, complex woman.
Great.
(as Maxine, fascinated) Tell me, Craig, why do you love puppeteering?
(as Maxine) Interesting.
(as Maxine) It's good in here, Craig.
Better than your wildest dreams.
Maxine is gonna love this.
Easy as pie.
Thank you, sir.
The puppeteer told me he loves me today.
Thank you.
etc., etc. Sounds good.
It was amazing.
That's Oprah talking.
You better hurry.
That's great.
Love ya and owe ya.
You got God!
The present smiles on you, yes? (into phone) Yeah? (telephone voice) Mr. Malkovich?
You don't know me, but I'm a great admirer of yours.
Listen, this is not amusing.
Meet her there... Meet her there.
I'm giving them up.
Oh, I'm really glad you called.
So, do you enjoy being an actor?
I love you, Lotte.
Oh, my sweet, beautiful Lotte.
This is too good to be true.
We love her, Craig.
I've fallen in love.
This is what people who've fallen in love look like.
Thank you, Floris.
(pressing line 2) Good morning, Lotte!
(laughs) My child, I don't think its a great mystery what Craig's up to.
Yeah, well welcome to the nineties.
How hot is this babe?
Hey, Hot Lesbian Witches, next Geraldo, buddy boy.
Ha ha ha.
No cutting, by the way.
Darling!
Compliments of the house.
For the love of God.
Welcome, my fellow Malkovichians.
You still there, sweets?
I'd love to see your work.
(moved) That was incredible.
You're brilliant!
You're right, my darling, it's so much more.
(as Malkovich, screaming) No! (as Craig, calmly) But how will we make a living, my love, if our clientele doesn't have access to our product?
Oh, Craiggy, that's brilliant!
(kissing him) It's okay, my sweet.
Great to see you, Maxine.
I'm being controlled by the world's greatest puppeteer, Craig Schwartz... (no clue) Oh yeah, he's good.
My God, I'm Hitler in the bunker!
This is it, lover.
You're stepping onto that stage a nobody and presto-change-o, you're coming back the greatest puppeteer the world has ever seen.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is the great privilege of the Luxor hotel and Casino to present Craig Schwartz and his magical puppet John Malkovich.
Schwartz had him up there singing and dancing.
No, a sexy dream.
They love me, darling!
"Craig Schwartz is fantastic!"
"Craig Schwartz - The world's greatest puppeteer!"
Oh, darling.
Why don't you climb into bed, and I'll meet you there in just... Who are you?
Honey, we can be happy and poor together.
He was much better in Vegas when he played the piano with his feet.
He opens his great, square teeth and says (mocking) 'Why?
... God seest!
... God seest!
(into walkie-talkie) Okay, now! (now sounding like fifty voices) I am your earthly king!
You will dance for your king now.
Wings and a halo, my darling.
I'm in love.
For the first time.
A better friend.
God, you're so beautiful.
You can call your good friend Joanna Kramer and tell her enough is enough, okay?
It means that it was maybe one of the five best days in my whole life.
She's got a husband that loves her.
When is mommy coming back?
Thank you for coming.
(like pulling teeth) Well, I see the Yankees finally won a game.
Too much birthday cake, right?
(aloof) 'Night.
I was a couple of years younger than you are now and...
The first thing is, I don't do floors.
I come in at ten and I get Wednesdays off.
What kind of boy is your son? (taken aback) Well, he's... ah, he's a good kid.
Mr. Kramer, you are a very lucky man.
Mr. Kramer, I just wanted to tell you what a wonderful boy your son is.
Congratulations!
And Mrs. Kelsey called to ask if Billy can come to Stephanie's birthday party on Tuesday.
(innocent) Murray had some ideas about the Fire and Ice campaign and he had the art department make up a few roughs... (weakly) I think they're kind of interesting.
(puzzled) Yes? Look, Billy, I told you before, one hour of T.V. a day, that's the rule... No... (clearly, Billy is giving him an argument) I don't care what the other mothers do... Listen, I can't talk now, I'm in a meeting... (firm) Billy, I'll talk to you later, good- bye.
We had Salisbury steak last week and you liked it fine.
No. (anger building) Now listen to me, young man.
I want my mommy...
She was... (smiles to himself) Well, she wasn't like that.
I guess I thought that if I was happy, that meant she was happy too.
The truth is, the only reason she didn't leave a lot sooner was because she loves you so much.
Good night.
See you in the morning light.
I love you... (a little too casual) Thel, you ever hear from Joanna? (also with deliberate nonchalance) Not for a couple of months.
She said she had a good job, was playing a lot of tennis.
Presenting Billy Kramer's Fantastic Superjet!
How's the new job?
He is... (he still can't get over it) You sat in that coffee shop across from school (completing the sentence) Watching my son... Ted, I've been living in New York for the past two months.
I'm through sitting in coffee shops looking at him from across the street.
Good.
There is something I find very helpful in matters like this.
I love you Billy Kramer.
(half-asleep) I love you too daddy.
I've got a kid and (smooth) I understand and I'm absolutely sure something wonderful will turn up... (ending any further discussion) ...after the first of the year.
(grins) Welcome aboard, Mr. Kramer.
Well, gentlemen, I'm pleased to be with you.
(steps back from the astounded girl, grins) Merry Christmas.
Have Billy at the Seventy-Fifth Street entrance to Central Park, Saturday at ten.
I'll be handling funding for the whole... (she stops, sits beside him on the bed) Look, I... (she means love) ..."like" you a lot.
And you... (she means love) ..."like" me, okay?
Oh, yes.
Where is the child?
Good.
Do you like to be with your mommy?
Did mommy ever see this? No, she never did.
(speaking carefully, with great thought) Yes... Look, during the last five years we were married, I had...
Don't I have a right to a life of my own?
Thank you, Mrs. Kramer.
(smiles, like a shark smiles) Mrs. Kramer, how many boy friends have you had permanently?
Does she have a lover?
It's beautiful.
(patronizing) Objection, your honor.
They play together.
Thank you Mrs. Phillips.
Joanna says she loves Billy.
But I love him...
More than anything in this world I love him.
Thank you, Mr. Kramer.
(snide) Give them time... Objection, your honor!
Yes, your honor.
I'll send your toys there and I'm sure you'll get some new ones.
Now why did you Ted, do you love him?
What the (insistent) Ted, do you love him?
I love him too...
Finally it seemed like the most important thing in the world to come back here and prove to Billy and to me and to the world how much I loved him...
No more waiting in Coffee Shops...
I promise.
Beautiful.
For Bloom had Stephen, Stephen Bloom, and both had more than most.
Sweet Jesus.
All well loved, rooted, happy as you please.
A seed of grand epiphany.
A fiction made for profit, in which both boys played a part.
A simple con in fifteen steps.
So Bloom performed his role in Stephen's story to a T.
It's great.
She's free.
And I'll never see her in scarlet again, her chestnut hair, but it's worth the money and my job and his life and the rest of my life that she's free.
We're clean.
Listen to you - four months ago you were an investment banker!
We're a genius, Bloom.
No. Make way, make room for the brothers Bloom!
You're a beautiful antique, my friend.
Where is Bloom?
I'm not going to tell it as good as Stephen.
And then the Brothers Bloom lit out on their own to make their fortune as gentleman thieves.
Sounds romantic.
Then you make a show of putting on your jacket and say `no I mean it this time Stephen, this time I'm really out.' Then you say `let's have a drink, and in the morning Bloom you'll have come to your senses' (re: Bloom's bright red blood stain) That's a major design flaw in fake blood, by the way.
Listen to me, Stephen.
Maybe that's why they've none of them been perfect, I've never been able to give you what you really want.
(to the Chink) Let's make it a red Schwinn.
Score to beat is 7.9.
This is actually kind of great, I'll tell you why.
STEPHEN (cont'd) I think the fact that she saw your face the instant before a seizure is a pretty goddamn good foot to start things out on, right?
Bloom.
Engagement.
Nice area.
Having now deftly set your hook in the mark's psyche, this would be the perfect time to tug the line, Get invited in for coffee, and tell them the full tale.
However, there are advantages to playing it cool.
I should have... invited you in... for coffee... right?
A photograph is a secret about a secret.
BLOOM (CONT'D) (cont'd) I don't suppose in all your hobby acquiring you ever learned how to dance?
It isn't a Spanish band, but they'll do their best.
Good.
Bloom.
Book-learned.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
Good for you.
Pardon, but you do not ascend to the grand heights of the Brothers Bloom only to toss it all and sell terra cotta to blue haired weekend antiquers.
Sorry, no, cause I noticed but I couldn't place it, this ship is the Fidele, which was the ship in Melville's novel "The Confidence Man."
She did the best Double Dutch Queens I've ever seen up on the deck last night.
He's beautiful, right?
Don't fall in love with her.
She made up the Smuggler Song.
I love thunderstorms.
Ohhhhhh whoooo ha ha ha ha.
PENELOPE (cont'd) Oh hooooooooooo ha ha ha ha ha ha ha oh my GOD, ha whoooo.. whee... ha... hoo.
The last time I was in Prague, I was in love.
Good morning.
Today is not a good day.
Bloom puts his hand on her arm, sympathetic.
Bloom paces, Penelope looks up at the castle with binoculars.
Bloom turns to Stephen and the Chink with a "this is crazy right?" expression and gesture.
It'll be fun.
Bloom, Stephen and Penelope crouch nearby, watching her work.
She's an artist with nitroglycerin.
Penelope and the Chink do their elaborate handshake, and she gives Stephen and Bloom a finger snap thumbs up.
Bloom and Penelope, up late at the table.
She kisses him.
He kisses her back.
The sun arcs into the sky above the castle.
In his boxers, holding trousers and shirt in his teeth, Bloom swings over the ledge from Penelope's window into his.
A little alcove with a good view of the castle.
Bloom paces.
Stephen, Bloom and Penelope are joined by the Chink.
A simple handoff.
The beach sprawling below them, Penelope and Bloom meander.
You should sleep at the hotel tonight, I'll stay with Stephen at the beach house.
On the distant beach, following the faint rapport of gunfire, a palm tree falls over.
I'm really happy right now.
She kisses him and runs off along the cliff side, singing the smuggler song.
She can't hear him, and he can't hear her, and in another moment she has vanishes into the green brush and white flowers.
Behind Bloom's pained face, the sun dips towards the beach.
Stephen packs for tomorrow, Bloom stares out the black window, drinking.
Flower in his lapel.
He stares at his drink.
Bloom stands, the beach behind him, the glowing lights of the hotel before him.
Bloom pulls Penelope by the hand, but she stops.
Bloom.
In the distance, Stephen finishes his drink on the beach house porch, goes inside and turns out the light.
I love you now, and I want to get you out of this.
Bloom leads Penelope down the beach by the hand.
Bloom does.
As the song ends, she sees through the spotlight Penelope, Bloom and Stephen at a table.
He lays a simple flowchart, drawn on a napkin - three boxes.
The blood red sun sets over the city.
Stephen, Bloom and the Chink ride down to the lobby with a red suitcase.
Fine but don't tell it like a story, let's say it.
Trust me.
Stephen, still the grand architect with your symbols.
DIAMOND DOG (cont'd) Impressive, boys.
The Dog closes the case, and for a moment Bloom's eyes rest on his bandaged hand.
DIAMOND DOG (cont'd) I look forward to meeting the lady.
Honey, it's alright.
Bloom kneels in front of the boy.
By my brother.
BLOOM (cont'd) To tell a story so well it becomes real.
This is your brother's life.
We wanted him alive!
Smiley is in a chair, being fitted for spectacles.
As we watch a young girl - JACKIE LACON - appears at the living room window in her night-dress, playing with a toy.
Jackie looks up, surprised.
He smiles.
And I want breakfast.
(of the bike) Has that been cleared?
Inside is a very pretty GIRL, a new DEB, being shown the ropes by an older woman.
Oh yes.
Down first thing.
Guillam grins.
Thank you.
Fawley's got a first aid kit in one of his drawers.
Percy still can't get a decent cup of tea out of them.
Wife made me.
He stares at Guillam with faint smile, but his eyes are cold and watchful.
He continues to stare at Guillam with the faint smile, and Guillam feels a sickening wave of paranoia.
After a moment, a man, his lover - RICHARD - a decade or so older - walks behind him, stroking his hair tenderly, and joins him at the table.
The two sit in domestic contentment, reading.
The music - a CHARLIE RICH track - plays on a TRANSISTOR RADIO.
Smiley sits at the window listening to the MUSIC.
Smiley becomes aware that the others are watching him.
Mendel lets LACON into the room excluding a very excited MRS.
Control turns to Alleline, with a mocking smile.
Percy packs his pipe, enjoys the moment - the young lion challenging the old.
A new secret source of mine.
Alleline enjoys his amazement, he leans over - points with bureaucratic pride to the FLAMES on the LETTER We have named the operation "Witchcraft."
Percy's to be allowed to keep the identity of his new friend top secret.
(After a moment) Come down here.
I'm a new boy.
What you good at?
Tarr and Irina sit drinking wine, talking.
A Holiday Romance.
But second date she made this open play...
Irina and Tarr laughing, flirting.
Tarr feels he is the master of this situation.
I want a new life in the West.
That is the deal.
She said she had a secret.
New life for her and her kids.
Tarr's smile fades.
Well, if you won't tell me more, there's nothing I can do.
The lives of my children?
The two make love, passionate, Irina trying to bind him to her.
Tarr responds, excited by her, now that she needs him.
We intercut their intense love-making with...
The two minders clap in time to the music, encouraging him.
Tarr threads his way through the crowds of evening shoppers and tourists, holding in his head the BIGGEST SECRET of his career.
For the first time there's something else behind his smile.
The TICKER MACHINE begins to rattle into life.
Then Bill grins, the grin transforming his face.
Guillam smiles back, relief mixing with real warmth.
Thanks anyway.
New Rules.
She hands him back the top copies.
He looks at his watch.
For a moment Guillam freezes, unnerved.
He cups his hand over the mouthpiece... ... Alwyn?
Thanks.
(Beat) I met him once.
Guillam raises himself up on an elbow, listening.
Smiley stares at the room around, projecting his memory of the Delhi cell onto their present surroundings.
He holds up his right hand.
I give him the usual pitch... Come to the West and we can give you a comfortable life.
It was a gift - "To George, from Ann.
Guillam stares at him.
He notices the way Guillam is staring at him and his smile fades.
They dissolve into laughter, but Roach is still anxiously watching Prideaux, noting how his expression has darkened.
Smiley stands in front of the muddy-looking abstract painting we saw earlier.
Sir there's a stranger parked down on the road.
Prideaux stares at him.
The FIVE PHOTOGRAPHS of FACES fixed to the CHESS PIECES before him.
He has treasure.
He points to the PHOTOGRAPH of PERCY ALLELINE.
(Points at the next photo) Haydon - Tailor.
(Pointing at next photo) Esterhase - Poorman.
We're gonna live in Paris out of your hair.
It's Smiley and Fawn.
... Esterhase holding up the documents for Polyakov to photograph.
Moscow thinks Polyakov's working for them, so, every now and then we give him the odd file to take back to them, just chicken-feed, keep his bosses happy.
That's the way Percy boy!
The tinny sound of Mendel's voice comes from the receiver beside him... Mister Smiley... Smiley picks up the receiver.
Smiley, calm and contained, hears the sound of a CAB drawing up outside.
The sounds of the house amplified.
POLYAKOV stands pipe in hand.
Nissan huts surround a cricket field.
Smiley hands him a clean handkerchief.
Give her a good cover story.
That was good of you.
(Beat) I'm surprised Karla didn't shoot him.
Haydon stares at him.
Thank you.
Welcome aboard, Mr. President.
How's it look tonight?
We've got those Russian news guys on board and it'll look good in the papers.
Did you enjoy the ballet?"
I'll make it up to you, I promise.
Well, they aren't burning me in effigy.
Her school play's Tuesday night.
I promise.
And thank you for the hospitality.
Tell our boys to cool their jets.
I have a family, too, sir.
Thank you, Colonel.
Good day.
We're alive.
Thank god the President got of f the plane.
Yes... thank God. (to caldwell) You there... Caidwell, right?
The NRA'll love this.
(beat, he chuckles) But I admire your courage.
That's good for a girl your age.
Yeah, I study world events.
I met their parents.
Okay... if you're the President, when's your wife's birthday?
He is alive.
Thank you, Ms. Mitchell.
Yes Why? Do you enjoy it?
She was my friend.
How can I help you?
First... cut... green wire.
An emergency landing in friendly territory... there's your goddamn miracle.
Your best course of action is to release me.
It's night there for a few more hours.
Please.
You're good.
You're good.
You're good.
Please.
The implicit trust of a family against your oath of office.
I will never regret my life with you.
Stravanavitch is on his way out.
You love your daughter, Mr. Shepherd.
The world will sleep easier.
Sir, this new bearing.
Easy, Major.
Easy.
You saved his life.
How close are they?
The great infidel himself is flying overhead, Go get him?
Welcome to the party.
Mr. President, it's an honor.
You read my mind.
Stay cool.
It wasn't the sex, Margaret was great in bed.
It seems very funny to me.
Sometimes I dream that I meet a man, this good, honest man and we fall in love.
Thank you.
You're at the top of your field.
I give up!
Sixty- forty, at best.
Sounds like chickenshit -- Listen to me calling you chickenshit!
I say you're the best and that you planted his ass.
The cab has an airbag, odds are good I'll survive.
Oh man, that's sweet.
Your Japanese is excellent.
You're welcome.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Yes! Surprise!
Don't be stupid and you will live.
Thanks.
The nature of the business.
Like me, like Bain, you're a ghost, you're not part of the real world.
If you're any good, you'll find the mark in a week, and Bain is good because I was the best and I couldn't take him.
Cheers.
Better than playing with yourself.
I admired him.
When I heard he loved chess I became obsessed with the game.
He was white?
And the people that come into the world to play this game -- nobody forces them!
Good.
God, I love first class.
Is it as nice as they say?
(in Spanish) Good afternoon.
We have reservations at the Hotel Paraiso in Costa Blanca.
This is the new Hotel Paraiso.
Thanks.
It's beautiful out here.
Great.
How was the beach?
The beach?
That was beautiful.
Not that I would know, but you look like you're really good at it.
Thank you.
A public place far enough away that he won't notice you, but with a good enough view you'll be able to see him when he moves inside.
Thank you.
It makes me crazy.
And I watched them make love through the keyhole.
Everything is ready.
Excellent, senor.
Thank you.
Last night -- Was nice.
It's the only thing that keeps you alive.
Listen to me, Bain.
Magic wasn't it?
A woman in an Irish clover necklace springs to her feet clapping loudly.
She flashes a megawatt smile, ends the dance with an unscripted bow, as we... Young Sara, lithe and earnest, dances.
A budding beauty blessed with long limbs and natural grace, she makes it look easy.
Their eyes connect with mutual smiles and those smiles CARRY us TO: A pair of flexing feet in ballet slippers on a hardwood floor.
PAN UP and PULL BACK to reveal Sara at 17, dancing in the space opened up by cornered furniture and rolled up rugs.
It was good.
Don't lie because you love me.
I love the necklace but you're still the best luck I'll ever have.
Nice... the necklace.
'Awesome, Father, S.J. auditions today.
Thanks.
This is the hardest, most important day of my life and all you can do is get there as soon as you can.
Thanks, Mom.
Hey... Happy Valentine's Day.
God! Thank you! (laughs) Gotta watch where you sit, girl.
A dance.
I don't know about cute but he is smart.
He's my brother.
I want a happy ending.
(laughs) Yeah.
I had a big lunch.
Give it here.
Changed your hair.
(a fly wave) See ya.
We have a class together.
Tell her to chill.
Let's dance.
And a beer.
Thanks for walking me.
I'll see ya.
Is that 'see ya' like gee-whiz, had a great time, can't wait to see you again?
But I really had a great time... okay?
They good?
That was black magic, Patrick.
(what Snookie's waiting for) Thank you, Snookie.
The dancing!
God, I didn't move to Bosnia.
Seniors, a reminder before you rise up and change the world.
Her only demand is the pleasure of your company for career D-Day.
I used to dance, Patrick.
You used to dance?
Did that whole relieve thing.
He's a baby.
I'm doin' the best I can.
I don't want you to think I didn't have a good time tonight, Patrick.
The same look I saw tonight.
Goofy happy.
Finally, she looks at him.
When my life made sense.
I made her promise.
You still got whatever you had when your mom was alive, Sara.
Then it's on you to make the dream come true.
Patrick regards her tenderly, moves her hair from her eyes.
Nothing magical or mystical but simply wonderful.
Gleefully wonderful.
Like the end of a long day's journey to home.
He leads her to a mall of trees and bike paths.
That cute leg relieve thing.
Satisfied?
Practice.
But it's still a good spot.
Malakai looks at Patrick, coldly drops his smile.
What's your favorite flower?
I don't have a favorite.
Chill, man.
Y'all black men, soon as you even think about goin' someplace good, first thing you do is find a white girl to take with you.
Please.
You're with her because she's white.
You ain't got to see me to see your son.
Chenille flashes a look, finishes up with Christopher.
Cradles him.
I love you.
Arvel's father, stoic, holds his wife's hand.
Patrick hugs her.
You care, baby brother.
I'm sayin' you can't help who you love, Patrick.
He smiles.
Looks at her. Chenille smiles at him.
Exactly what kind of material do you recommend?
Might make a cute musical: It Happened in the Bull Pen -- the story of a Woman.
The Life of the Warner Brothers.
(With a sour smile) But don't get me wrong -- I love Hollywood.
I'm your friend.
How's that about your being my friend?
Back to the smirking delight of the whole office.
Dressed for what?Have him come up, (Gesturing) Up the stairs!
The Princess in love with a Holy man.
She dances the Dance of the Seven Veils.
They'll love it in Pomona.
This is fascinating.
I wrote that with my heart.
That's what makes it great.
You can trust them.
Thank you.
I'll make it worth your while.
Thanks.
It will never make house Beautiful.
So help me!
Good.
Please.
Now you're being silly.
And not one of thuse cheap new things made of chromium and spit.
Let's see what you have in camel's hair.
You'll need them for New Year's Eve.
A camel's hair will do.
She has moments of melancholy.
I have oil in Bakersfield -- pumping, pumping, pumping.
but lots of fun on the cuff.
Where have you been keeping that gorgeous face of yours?
Let it ride for a while.
Good party.
This is the woman I love.
Over by the Rainbow Room.
Thanks.
Why, you sweet kid.
How did you like it?
Thank you.
One of them being this is New Year's Eve.
You've been good to me.
You're the only person in this stinking town that has been good to me.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year.
darling.
This is the right day.
Today is the day of greatest conjuction.
Because I've never been as happy in my life.
You're a darling.
(Excitedly) You don't know how glad I am to see youl Walking out on the mob.
I've got the most wonderful news for you.
What's the wonderful news?
Fine, Jonesy.
Thank you, Jonesy.
I can give her the brush ... Listen, thirty million fans have given her the brush.
You didn't know Norma Desmond as a plucky little girl of seventeen, with more courage and wit and heart than ever came together in one youngster.
(taking Gillis's hand) Don't you want to come along, darling?
Thank you, darling.
I was dancing on a table.
You'd better.
Her chauffeur drove it on the lot the other day.
Well, thank you.
We'll make our greatest picture.
It's a good script, isn't it?
It's got a lot of good things.
He teaches at night.
Everything will be fine.
It couldn't have gone better.
Joe darling, are you there?
Good night.
Good.
Good.
You'd better get to bed yourself.
Good night, my darling.
Now the sun is out.
Good.
back to that peculiar in the palm of my hand.
E-20 GILLIS' ROOM Betty Schaefer engaged to Artie Green, as nice her.
Please.
(In a whimpering monotone) I love you, Joe.
I love you, Joe.
I love you, Joe.
I love you, Joe.
Stars are ageless, aren't they?
This guy -- where did you meet him for the first time?
Did he had a girl friend?
Are the lights ready?
Are the lights ready?
Quiet, everybody!
Are you ready, Norma?
Oh, yes, yes.
They're below, waiting for the Princess ... I'm ready.
I'm too happy.
Thank you.
I just want to tell you how happy I am to be back in the studio making a picture again.
You see, this is my life.
There's nothing else - just us and the cameras and those wonderful people out there in the dark...
I'm fine... you look good...
He kisses his mother's hand and he's moving to greet his stepfather... LES HOFFMAN, Unruly curls streaked in gray, tweed jacket and tie.
He kneels besides her and whispers... Thanks for organizing everybody.
He snorts and kisses her cheek.
All 21 year olds drink because it's new and exciting.
A shared smile.
Tyler's smile fades.
What about Atlantic City for your birthday this year?
Couple of ladies.
Hey, it's your day.
Music pumping.
Aidan and Tyler make their way through the crowd to a congested bar where the CUTE BARTENDER is swamped.
You look great!
Aidan flashes a winning smile.
My pleasure...
Smiles.
Thanks.
Cheers.
I love this street.
I love this city.
He smiles a charming smile at the aggravated woman.
Nice to see you too.
You want me to lie? Tyler smiles, he likes that she doesn't lie.
Janine scrolls through a Palm Pilot as she walks.
There's a lot of leather, brass and rich wood, breathing power.
One of them dips her head towards Caroline's ear, as if to share a secret.
The girls have a group swoon.
The illustrations are amazing.
She smiles.
Thanks!
Where are we meeting mom?
And I'm going to meet you at the place at..what time again?
(more gently) Have a good time.
Thanks.
Great, I'll have that.
Thanks.
Swear to me on your eternal soul that I'll make it through my entree.
Smiles.
I'll share.
I had a nice time.
No, the frigging Giant Panda.
Tyler walking beside her with a self-satisfied smile.
I don't know what you're smiling about.
That's what made America great.
Spaghetti guy stares at her.
She dances to avoid the stream.
He stops struggling for the shower and gasps a little with laughter, putting up his hands in surrender.
I probably won't see you before Saturday so...happy birthday.
A cup of hot tea in hand.
Why? There's a coffee shop.
New York is full of coffee shops.
We had breakfast there all the time ... Maybe not as many times as I think we did.
Holding her and kissing her hair.
What friends?
Listen, why don't you come over this weekend?
We can have some people, nice people...You can circulate a little... No. Jim... Leo, no.
Hey mom.
Nice to meet you.
Caroline smiles.
Ally smiles.
You know when I was younger, we didn't have air conditioning in the house, so during the summer my mom and I would go to museums to cool down... she loved them all but The Met was always her favorite.
The Met is one of my favorite places in the world.
Ally emerges from the bathroom, looking gorgeous in a vintage black cocktail dress and carrying a pink wrap.
She hands him a simple blue tie that matches his eyes.
Tyler and Ally sip cocktails at the nicest table in the place.
I'm fine, thank you.
A pleasure.
You were Lou Piniella for Halloween.
They kiss.
They kiss.
He kisses her like he's starved for her.
I've been invited...I'm going away to the beach for Labor Day...They're nice people.
As he takes off his jacket, Craig hits rewind and plays the message again... (on the machine) Dad, it's me... Raucous laughter.
Me? Yeah, baby.
Les snorts with laughter.
Smiles down at her. Aren't you a treasure.
Ally stares up at Diane for a beat, her eyes shining.
Aidan watches them.
Dinners out, movies.
You're such a romantic.
Please.
Nice girl.
(into the phone) Mom? Ally and her father cook breakfast together.
Aidan smiles.
Oh great.
He's got the mangled Honey Bear.
Aidan's visibly relieved.
He's in love with you.
Her lids finally shutter to the sound of her brother's voice.
For what it's worth, I think you're amazing.
Thank you.
But I'm glad I listened.
I love you.
Ally watches them, remembers him, as the faintest hint of a smile crosses her lips the subway lights flicker and we... (to the Coroner's Guy) What do you think, Doc?
(grins) It ain't the maid.
He was Chairman of the Board of the Palace of Fine Arts -- (to Nick) I thought you said he was a rock and roll star.
He was a retired rock and roll star.
(evenly, to Nick) Listen to me, Curran.
(after a beat; smiles) Yes.
Thank you.
(grins) Hallelujah.
He liked his coke, he liked his girls, and he liked rock and roll.
(smiles) I love it.
What are we dealing with?
She anticipates the book to be her best alibi.
(she smiles) I don't give any rules, Nick.
I go with the flow.
Writing a book about it gives you an alibi for not killing him.
(she smiles) It's nice.
(smiles) I've got a degree in psych.
Games are fun.
Was that fun for you?
I loved him.
(after a beat) You still get the pleasure.
Then I had sex with him.
(to Corrigan, smiles) Would you like me to take a lie detector test?
Thanks for coming in, Ms. Tramell.
(smiles) Thanks.
(smiles) I'm tired.
(smiles) I love the rain, don't you?
(smiles) You don't look so okay.
(smiles) What are you doing here?
(smiles) Baby-sitting.
(smiles) What else is new?
(smiles) Yes.
(after a beat, smiles) He ain't that way.
He's got heart.
(smiles) Yeah.
I met her at Berkeley.
Who was I making love to?
(a thin smile) She was there, wasn't she?
Nice little kids -- nice husband, wasn't porkin' around -- no financial problems.
He got for a wedding present.
Sweet as honey.
(smiles) That's right.
Nice and easy.
(he smiles) It wasn't memorable enough to carry any obligations.
(smiles) Yeah?
Thank you.
(smiles) I'm not that easy to figure.
Ice? (smiles) Please.
Thank you.
(smiles) I know, Nicky, but I like it.
Cheers.
I love coke and Jack Daniel's.
(smiles) It's not the same thing, is it?
(smiles) Aren't you going to thank me? What's it about?
How's your new book?
Thanks for the drink.
(after a beat) I'll meet you there.
(smiles) Hi, Gus.
(he smiles) I think she's the fuck of the century, don't you?
How long you been here, Rock?
(grins) You feeling better?
(smiles; to Nick) It ain't your brain.
(after a beat; smiles) Yeah.
You're a practicing psychologist -- that means you're better at it than she is.
I came into the house when you were down on the beach.
She loved me she wouldn't frame me.
(after a beat) No, she didn't... she never got jealous before... she got excited.
There was this girl I met while I was in college.
I love it here like this.
(smiles) You're the Shooter, aren't you?
Thank you.
You dyed your hair blonde.
She didn't hand you to me.
You're a good cop -- what did she do?
(she smiles) Did she tell you in bed, Nick?
She's brilliant.
(smiles) Hi.
I finished my research.
I finished my book.
I finished my book.
(excited) Catherine Tramell's roommate her freshman year.
Lieutenant, you'd better come in here.
Thanks.
(from the back seat) They have their dance class tonight.
(to Emma) The food tonight was very good, but I wasn't crazy about the dessert.
I thought you were wonderful tonight.
We are going to have so much fun!
Now go up and make love to your beautiful wife.
What's so funny?
Good.
And rich.
Closed.
(coming in) What are you doing here, Gorgeous?
You didn't go to college, Dad, and you're successful.
That's sweet, but you're talking about emotion, not business.
... That's why I didn't want to do the dance Couple!
Stop your fucking whining, Earl, you enjoyed doing that Couple just as much as I did, and look on the bright side, he came to us he didn't go to the Cops.
We make it fun but we kill him.
What is it that I can help you with?
I've been watching that Couple for months, they liked to make love with the blinds open.
It was fun, it was a great way to get off; I thought, until I saw you kill them.
You enjoy watching me suffer, don't you?
So do we have a deal?
I'm trying to say that a grandchild would be a wonderful gift for your mother and me.
The child is what's important.
(smiles) Well, we were right, she was hiding something.
It's not what's here, it's what's not here that's interesting.
Do that and go on with your life.
This is your first time, you're interested.
I brought a dress and a pair of shoes.
Thank you, this was wonderful.
Good-night.
Good-night.
Not someone we killed... MBA... College of William and Mary... she's been a cop for eleven years... Married Doctor Carlson, divorced Dr. Carlson, married Jesse Vialo... restaurateur... separated from Jesse Vialo, sued for support by Jesse Vialo, seeing a shrink because of Jesse Vialo... Excellent fitness report though.
Jesse Vialo... Good looking, a little younger than she is.
Surprise, surprise, Tracy.
But first I'm gonna watch her... (indicates the Driver) ... have some fun with you, then she's gonna watch me have some fun with you.
And listen to him, he's been alive longer than you have.
(smiles sweetly at Snyder) Every babysitter I ever had loved me.
Well, well, well... What would life be without surprises?
Oh, I love what you're thinking.
Oh yes I do, and it's wonderfully twisted.
You meet a lot of candidates, and you like some of them and they're nice, but they're not right; and then that special one shows up and your heart beats faster and you know that's the one.
The man in the pickup did not make my heart beat faster.
Mr. Clifford, it was a pleasure.
You did good, Kid.
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference... God help me.
She did it because she got off on it, she did it for fun.
And what about her child?
Thank you.
(almost inaudible whisper) God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference... You're awfully quiet back there.
Snyder, meet Mona.
Mona was Alvin Griffin's niece, receptionist, lover and keeper of the keys.
I had ideas for pots that took too long and the clay kept winning... (he kisses her) I'll be fine.
That's good news, isn't it?
Do you love me, Jane?
Hello... Oh, yes, yes.
The guy you should talk to is the guy on the floor below us... eh, I can't remember his name, but he told me once that he'd taken some great pictures of that Couple making love, he's the one you should speak to.
Thank you.
At home in bed.
That was great!
It was fantastic!
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm hoping you do.
Good work, Atwood.
You're rich, you have a good education, you could have gone into your father's business, instead you went outside all of that and became successful on your own.
Thank you.
Honey, Earl, Earl... Wake up, wake up...
... that I may be reasonably happy in this life, And supremely happy with Him forever in the next.
Amen.
.... God grant me the Serenity to accept... I've tried them all -- I really have -- (beat) and the only church that truly feeds the soul -- day in, day out -- is the Church of Baseball.
Better find our bonus baby, eh? Seen Ebby? (mouthful of food) Nope.
I am warm.
Let's hear it for Max Patkin -- "The Greatest Show on Dirt" -- your own Durham Bulls!
I'm there, Skip, I'm ready.
Is this guy LaLoosh worth a hundred grand?
Nice eh?
Well let's get down to it, honey -- how was he?
Sorta all over the place When the chimes ring five, six and seven -- We'll be right in Seventh Heaven, Gonna rock around the clock tonight... Hey Lefty, hold 'em to 12 runs every night, you'll win 20 -- (he might be serious) Had 'em all the way.
(beat) He's got the best young arm I've seen in 30 years.
What a sweet idea -- We didn't order this, honey... (she points) He did.
He's played in more towns than I have.
Wanta dance?
Who's he dancing with?
Wanta dance?
She's dancing with me.
Love to -- Oh don't be such guys -- Hell, Max, wanta dance?
Good.
I love a little macho male bonding -- I think it's sweet even if it's probably latent homosexuality being "re- channeled" but I believe in "re- channeling" so who cares, right?
I'm not gonna fall in love with you or nothin'.
I'm not interested in a woman who's interested in that boy.
See ya at the yard, Meat.
When you know how to make love, you'll know how to pitch.
I love this part.
Oh my -- what a nice back.
Ebby honey have you ever been handcuffed in bed?
Good -- then listen.
(reading) "I sing the body electric.
Annie said it's my new nickname.
That's great, means you're gonna have a helluva year.
What's the deal here?
If you win 20 in the Show you can let the fungus grow back on your shower shoes and the press'll think you're colorful.
Hey, when are you guys gonna start winning?
Honey, don't ever listen to a woman when she's making love.
When I got drafted first it was the happiest day of my Father's life.
I wanted to be the host of Dance Fever, somethin' like that... Y'know if you make it to the Bigs you could still become the host of Dance Fever.
Baseball's a good stepping stone for things like that.
Well I been a little wild... (defensively) These hitters down here are better than the ones in high school... (trying to change subject) How's Mom? Yeah?
(beat) Can I talk to Mom? Ladies and gentlemen, the Mayor of Durham, the honorable Mutt Clark... Welcome to the "Atlantic Seaboard Tobacco Growers City Council Little League Cash Drop Night"!
If he's so great why's he been in the minors for ten years?
And listen, meat.
(beat, complete tone change) Relax, have a ball out here.
This game's fun, okay?
Fun, God damn it.
Fun? What's he know about fun? (beat) Why's he calling for a curveball?
(beat) Having fun yet?
They'll fit snugly against your balls in such a wonderful way that you'll start seeing things differently -- plus they'll remind you of me which is better than thinking about those nasty hitters.
These'll help move things to the right side.
This sort of spiritual awareness can be a mixed blessing, especially if you're dating a ballplayer.
(beat) Listen.
(beat) You got a gift.
A gift.
(beat) It was the greatest 21 days of my life.
It's great.
It's 90 degrees, there ain't been a cloud in the sky in weeks.
Par--ty!
I blew a whole day's meal money for this champagne seven dollars, man, it better be good.
You ever made love to an ice skater?
Holiday on Ice, Ice Capades, Ice Follies -- (beat) I'm through with one night stands.
You wanta make it to the Show, Rock, you gotta learn how to "lounge".
Well... God... do we have to talk about that?
I guess not... it's just that once I asked Mickey if he was faithful to me on the road trips and he said "in his heart he was faithful".
No! Wake up, it's okay... you're dreaming...
Aren't you glad to see me? Don't I look nice?
You look great.
Good.
Hum, babe, hum, babe, fire it in here, hum babe-- That's not necessary, Jackson -- (beat) Okay, Nuke, now lean in for the sign.
The right nostril.
Good.
A little better.
Much better.
I give up.
First you say sex is gonna make me a better pitcher -- now no sex is gonna do it?!
Annie's a smart lady.
(as they dress) Annie also says that God is a woman.
The Lord God is tri-une -- Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.
God ain't no brother!
(singing) I come to the garden alone, When the dew is still on the roses, And the voice I hear, whispering in my ear,.
The Son of God discloses -- God, these panties feel great.
He looks wonderful, Jackson... Fastball again?
But it didn't happen like that... and for one extraordinary June and July, the Durham Bulls, for whatever perverse reason, began playing baseball with joy and verve and poetry -- The two sides of my own brain were all jumbled up and cross-wired... while one side was being neglected, the other was in paradise watching our Bulls play like Big Leaguers... We swept a four game series with Kingston, back to back doubleheaders with Winston-Salem, and kicked the holy shit out of Greensboro in a three game series...
I love winning, Crash, you hear me?
I love it.
Teach me everything.
They're your friends.
(a tiny grin) Hop in.
I'm so proud of you and all the guys.
No, no, it was great.
I'm not gonna try to seduce you, sweetie... What's that?
Baby ducks are cute!
You're exotic and mysterious and cute -- that's why I better leave.
You're gorgeous, God damn it!
(beat) So I stayed in the bleachers all spring and gradually came to understand what's so great about baseball.
I used to think that wasn't the worst thing in the world to look forward to.
Well tell 'em, honey.
Omigawd, honey, I'm so happy for you.
Oh Jimmy, honey, I think it sounds wonderful!
No, no -- I'm fine.
It's okay... I'd like you to meet my father.
He's a good student.
God bless you.
Well, I'd rather not say.
Goddamn, that's great!
I don't wanta fight you, I wanta thank you.
You're a great catcher.
Honey, go get my shoes.
Good.
Good.
I don't need a crazy woman in my life.
(quick beat) Y'know I'm starting to like this game -- baseball's a helluva good way to make a living.
Yeah, thanks for everything.
(smiles) I won't be needing these anymore.
It was wonderful.
Walt Whitman once said -- "I see great things in baseball.
Peace is our objective here... not war.
It is with great surprise and joy the chair recognises the Senator from Naboo, Padme Amidala.
More and more star systems are joining the separatists.
To see you alive brings warm feeling to my heart.
Thank you, Master Yoda.
Shesa happy.
Happier den mesa see-en her in longo time.
Anakin, you're focusing on the Negative again.
She was glad to see us.
Trust me.
Dreams pass in time.
He's gonna blast me!
That was too close!
Stop!! No, we can make it.
I'll do better, I promise.
Easy... Official business.
Who hired you?
Who hired you?
(pompously) It is not every day that I am called upon to... You're a good friend, Jar Jar.
As wise as Master Yoda and as powerful as Master Windu.
I'm ready for the trials.
Thank you, Captain.
I will be most grateful for your speed, Master Jedi.
I can't wait to breathe the sweet breeze that comes off the rolling hills.
(continuing) I love Naboo.
Someone to see ya, honey (lowering her voice) A Jedi, by the looks of him.
Be right with ya!
Thank you.
Hey, ol' buddy!
So, my friend.
This baby belongs to them cloners.
Damned good ones, too.
Are they friendly?
On how good your manners are... and how big your pocketbook is...
But I would feel better if I thought about the palace - the way it shimmers in the sunlight - the way the air always smells of flowers... ...and the soft sound of the distant waterfalls.
I though they were so beautiful...
My dream was to help in the "Refugee Relief Movement."
So when I was eight, I joined the "Apprentice Legislators", then later on became a Senatorial advisor, with such a passion that, before I knew it, I was elected Queen.
The people you served thought you did a good job.
Actually, I was hoping to have a family by now... My sisters have the most amazing, wonderful kids... but when the Queen asked me to serve as Senator, I couldn't refuse her.
Thank you, Your Highness.
Ryoo!! Pooja!! (continuing) I'm so happy to see you!
(grinning) You came to the right place at the right time.
(to Padme) Honey, it's so good to see you safe.
Well, this is exciting!
Haven't you had enough of that life?
Sometimes I wish I'd traveled more... but I must say, I'm happy here.
It's time you had a life of your own.
He was so full of life,.
Help you, it will.
A visitor we have.
Welcome him.
(continuing) Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, meet the mighty Bear Clan.
Welcome, Master Obi-Wan!
Anakin, don't... From the moment I met you, all those years ago, a day hasn't gone by when I haven't thought of you.
There's an extraordinary connection between us.
I have more important things to do than fall in love.
Welcome to Tipoca City, Master Jedi.
Everything is ready.
Please...
I trust you are going to enjoy your stay.
We are most happy you have arrived at the best part of the season.
You make me feel most welcome.
Two hundred thousand units are ready, with another million well on the way.
(improvising) That is... good news.
Oh, yes.
I went on to become a Queen.
He went on to become an artist.
(smiling) I don't think the system works.
I look forward to seeing them in action.
Thank you for your time, Jango.
Tell your Council the first battalions are ready.
Good evening.
You see, when Master Annie made me, he never quite found the time to give me any outer covering.
That's tickles.
Im here, Mom.
Im going to get you out of here... Im so glad... to see you, Annie... Now...
Everythings going to be fine.
You look so handsome.
Im so proud of you, Annie... so proud...
Great!
Oh, Miss Padme, I'm so happy!
(continuing) Thank you.
(continuing) Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you! (grinning) Well, Padme, I think he should be yours from now on...
If what you say is true, you should stay in the Republic and help Chancellor Palpatine put things right.
But, there are individuals who have a strong interest in your demise, M'lady.
I love you.
You love me?!
I thought we decided not to fall in love.
It looks like you're going a good job so far.
Let the executions begin!
Jump!!!
(smiling enigmatically) Patiece, Viceroy... she will die.
Master Windu, how pleasant of you to join us.
(raising his arms) Score!
Wow! Cool! Whadda ya think?
Oh, this looks GREAT, Mom! Can we leave this up 'til we move?
It's party time, Woody!
The birthday party's today?! (to the room) Okay, everybody.
Hey, Hamm! Look!
No Sir! Okay, thank you.
I'm red this time.
No, Slink -- Oh...well alright, you can be red if you want.
Bad news?! Sh-h-h-h-h!! (whispering) Just gather everyone up for a staff meeting and be happy!! Got it.
Be HAPPY! (to the room) Staff meeting, everybody.
I wanted to thank you, Woody, for saving my flock.
Smaller toys up front.
Better?
Great.
Great!
Has everyone picked a moving buddy?
Moving buddy?!
Tuesday night's "Plastic Corrosion Awareness" meeting was, I think, a big success and we want to thank Mr. Spell for putting that on for us.
Thank you, Mr. Spell.
You're welcome.
One minor note here... (under his breath) Andy's birthday party's been moved to today.
(full voice) Next we have -- What?! Whadda ya mean, the party's today?! His birthday's not 'til next week!! What's going on down there?
He's been Andy's favorite since kindergarten!
I've got Cool Ranch and Barbeque -- Owww!
Quiet, quiet, quiet!
Alright...Andy's opening the first present now.
Heh heh heh... (over monitor) Ok, second present...it appears to be...okay, it's bed sheets.
Last present!
Yeah, alright!! Hey, watch it!
Well done, men.
(continued) Mom has pulled a surprise present from the closet.
Andy's opening it... He's really excited about this one.
We've got prizes!
I'm sure Andy was just a little excited, that's all.
Now let's all be polite, and give whatever it is up there a nice, big "Andy's Room" welcome.
The word I'm searching for I can't say because there's pre-school toys present.
(to toys) Stand back everyone!
Whoa! Oh, wow!
Why, thank you.
Thank you.
They'll see... they'll see.
I'm still Andy's favorite toy.
Finally! (looking back into the toy box) Hey! Who's got my hat?
I know Andy's excited about Buzz, but you know, he'll always have a special place for you.
Heh, heh... Alright!
Buzz!! Oh, Buzz, Buzz Lightyear!! Buzz Lightyear, thank goodness!
Buzz! (electric motor sounds) Whirrr!! Whirrrr-whirrrr!!! Hey everyone!
Where is your honor, dirtbag?!
Didn't want to face the fact that Buzz just might be Andy's new favorite toy, so you got rid of him.
Okay, Mom, be right down.
Honey, I'm sure he's around.
(sarcastic) Yuk, yuk, yuk -- funny, Mom.
Oh, great.
Buzz! Buzz! You're alive!
This is great!
I'm saved!
Buddy?
Okay, thanks for the directions.
Welcome to Pizza Planet.
Welcome to Pizza Planet.
Good work, Woody.
Alright Buzz, get ready... Okay, Buzz, when I say "go," we're gonna jump in the basket -- (loud whisper) Buzz! Dooh! No! This cannot be happening to me!! (excited) A stranger!
I come in peace!
(laughter) Oh, no! Sid!!! Get down!! (loud whisper) What's gotten into you, Sheriff?
I go on to a better place.
Double prizes!
(looking at his two new toys) Let's go home and...play.
Ha-ha-ha.
Sit! Good boy! Hey, I got somethin' for ya, boy.
(loud whisper) Ready, set, NOW.
Look! Janie!
Oh, great, great.
Talk! (as Interrogator) I can see your will is strong.
Heh, heh.
Your pop-tarts are ready!
(whacking him on the back) I'm proud of you, Sheriff.
(pulling Buzz's hand away) Don't tell me what to do! Shhh! (continued) Giddy-up partner!... (continued) ...We got to get this wagon train a movin'!
Split up! Calling Buzz Lightyear!! Come in Buzz Lightyear!!
(into toy wrist communicator) On the way!
The world's greatest superhero!
Now the world's greatest TOY! Buzz has it all!
Wow! Pulsating laserlight!
It's a secret mission in uncharted space!
It's a secret mission in uncharted space!
(non-excited lawyer voice) Not a flying toy.
(continued) But -- the hat looked good.
Tell me the hat looked good!
G-6.
Heh-heh.
Hi! (into Andy's bedroom) Everyone, it's Woody!
Boy, am I glad to see you guys!
I got it, Woody! (overly excited) He got it, Woody!
Good going, Slink!
Buzz is fine!
No, I'm not! (to Buzz) Buzz, come over here and you just tell the nice toys that you're not dead.
Will you get up here and give me a hand?! (insincerely) Ha ha.
Let's show the guys our new secret best-friends hand shake.
Gimme a hug.
(continued; as himself) Ha, ha, oh, I love you, too.
(to the other toys) Come on.
Please!
Listen to me! (continued) No! No! Come back!
He is still alive, and you're not gonna get him, you monsters!
I...I thought that you were gonna... (laughs nervously) ...you know, eat my friend.
Being a toy is a lot better than being a Space Ranger.
Look, over in that house is a kid who thinks you are the greatest, and it's not because you're a Space Ranger, pal, it's because you're a TOY!
You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that -- that whoosh thing -- you are a COOL toy.
Time for lift-off!
Guys! No, no, no! Wait! Wait! Listen!
Please!
Please.
He's my friend.
(to Babyface) Thank you.
Heh-heh.
Stand by -- (simulated static) (to toys in the bush) Let's go! Hey, Mom?!
Nevermind... (loud whisper) Woody?! Great!
Help me out of this thing!
(beat) Your toys.
From now on, you must take good care of your toys.
Well, thanks for the ride.
What have we done?! Great.
That a boy, Slink!! Woody!! Woody!
(sarcastic) Great!
The match! (continued) Yes! Thank you, Sid!No-no-no-no!
Hold still, Buzz! Ha-ha!!
Take cover!! Ahhh!!
Ha ha!! To Infinity and Beyond!! Uh, Buzz?! We missed the truck!
Hey! Wow! What?
(picking up the toys) Woody!
Buzz! Oh, great, you found them.
Merry Christmas, Sheriff.
Ha ha ha! Quiet everyone, quiet!
Gee, I better shave.
Andy is now opening his first present -- Buzz.
Is that your best shot?
Happy ending, then.
Get the ambulance up! RIGHT NOW! NOW! NOW! Oh no - God no - I can't - get a - You know, I think I read somewhere that a good place to find a pulse is the femoral artery.
I'm good.
Thank her.
Thank you.
Everybody's booked up.
Nice to see a man who dresses for court.
Good for you, double-oh-seven.
Your honor, if I could have a moment with my client - I'm not your client.
I'm willing to waive my right to a preliminary hearing and go directly to a jury trial.
He likes you.
All due respect, your honor, I'm worried this may turn into some sort of a - circus - I appreciate your concern for the dignity of my courtroom, Mr. Slocum - considering you're making the argument dressed as a game-show host.
Thank you.
We're good.
(Sighs, smiles) Thank you.
Play their favorite music.
I'll pay you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Dr. Kang.
Your honor... Detective Nunally?
Your honor - He's got a point.
The fruit and the tree and - He set this up!
(Beat) What we're going to do is give Mr. Slocum a few days to regroup and come up with new evidence.
We reconvene Monday morning.
He made it that way.
(Shows him the egg) He likes me.
For the good of this office.
No baggage - from our lives.
Well, he's not.
Well, Nikki's not.
Ha ha.
(smiles) It's where the money is.
Whoops.
Nice, Burton.
I'm - getting new evidence - Where?
The Evidence Store?! Oh, that's right - they open early the day after Thanksgiving.
Did it ever occur to you I might be good enough to still win?! Who cares?! Win what?
Thank you.
Bob wins.
Thank you, Professor Einstein.
It would also be good to find a couple of WILLY (cont'd) eyewitnesses.
Well - we can't!
The unmade bed.
Re-direct, your honor.
I have no further evidence at this time, your honor.
First thing tomorrow.
There are many kinds of passion, Willy.
(Beat) So - thank you.
For sharing your wisdom.
Nothing but the best.
This orders him not to take her off life support!
Everyone can see that.
We just have to live with that, and keep fighting the good fight.
You're a good lawyer.
There I was, with a perfectly good weapon just sitting in the evidence warehouse.
Brilliant.
Sandy, scan the whole sky.
(excited) Forget the credit; what we have here is a chance to be the first men to contact a nonhuman intelligence .
Dell, I want greater magnification.
Receiving.
Receiving.
(over, filtered) Good.
No, you'll follow me.
And there sits man's first contact with intelligent life in the universe.
Well come on, come on!
Warm air rising from below.
Sun will be down in a minute.
Thank Christ!
I'll wait here for you to let them in! (strangely quiet) Right.
Oh -- God -- oh -- Is it alive?
Give us a hand here, let's get him up to the Autodoc.
Good.
(rising) I'll do it.
You know, it's fantastic -- the human race has gone this long without ever encountering another advanced life form, and now we run into a veritable zoo.
His vital functions are strong.
Good.
That slab was engineered by an Iron-Age culture at best.
Engaged.
With great pleasure.
It grows on you.
It's food now.
It won't hold up to that acid, but aside from that it's pretty strong.
Good.
I can see you're putting your spare time to good use.
(smiles at him) We're the new pioneers, Chaz.
Also, it sounds like that thing is already doing a pretty good job on our supplies; it may be fouling them all.
The food storage room on one end -- -- And the cooling unit on the other.
We can't pump poison gas down into the cooling unit!
So one of us goes into the airshaft and drives the thing along -- While the rest of us wait down in the cooling unit with the net.
Are they close?
We'll open it up, then we'll cue you and you can start blasting.
Good.
Okay, get ready.
We're seeing the different stages in its life-cycle.
We can't fight this thing!
Our lives are more important.
Good!
That's good!
You know, it's funny -- this stuff we went to so much trouble to dig up -- this treasure, the paydirt -- it'll make it back to Irth just fine -- even if we're not with it.
No... the risk is too great.
This'll buy us an island on some nice planet.The cooling units for the stardrive engines are not functioning!
What's the price for a smile round here?
Please.
Passion.
(a condescending smile) Same old Reed, the hopeless optimist.
Good.
Hilarious.
Good thing he doesn't always know what he's got...
Way to not overthink it.
Today we stand on the edge of a new frontier.
In the furthest depths of outer space...we will find the secrets to inner space.
This is your dream, Reed.
Victor's better at these things.
Soon as I'm back, I'm gonna trade that in for a bigger rock.
What the hell you smiling at?
Only in America could... ...a little country boy from Latveria build one of the biggest companies in the world, and truly reach the stars.
Put your tiny little mind at ease.
Susan, every man dreams that he'll meet some woman he can give the world to.
It's been a good two years, Victor...
But you see, I've come to realize all the accomplishments in the world mean nothing without someone to share them with -- Uh, Victor, I hope I haven't done something to make you think... Sue, I've lived my life unafraid of taking big steps.
A merger of sorts... (getting closer) Four little words that can change our lives...
I ain't done arranging your flowers, egghead.
Vitals are strong.
Good.
They're her favorites.
I've never felt better in my life.
Yeah, you and Debbie and perfect -- Reed, I'm not talking about Debbie.
You home, baby?
I got a surprise for you.
I got a surprise for you too.
Oh my G-g-g.
I love you, Deb.
And keep it quiet.
(a smile) Today Wall Street.
Thanks.
Okay, easy there, buddy.
A magic show?
The Fantastic Four.
Good to see you too... Don't worry, sir.
C'mon, I can't be the only one who thinks this is cool.
Thank you, that's generous, but I think I should stay here.
With my brother.
Victor!
This isn't one of your science projects.
Well why didn't you say so?
That's the temperature of the sun.
Oh, well that's easy: I'm hot.
Sue's easy to see through.
That's what you projected on the Bridge.
You haven't eaten in days.
With the right amount of energy, those ions could create the elemental profile of the cosmic storm.
Close your eyes, baby.
Surprised the fire department didn't shut this down.
I was good looking.
What did you wish for, honey?
I seem to have the ability to manipulate the malleability of my molecular structure and redistribute my density to -- Right, whatever, have fun.
Hey, that's Ben Grimm there, the first mook from Brooklyn to go to outer space, so pay him some respect!
See you round, Benny... I'm Alicia, by the way.
Please.
You're finally the perfect woman for him...because you're his science project.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, we have a special guest for you... Johnny Storm of the Fantastic Four! Hey, Ronnie Renner!
Come on, bro.
Mr. Fantastic?
What are you, the "face" of the Fantastic Four now?
But stars?
How sweet.
People staring.
Skeptical...? Look, he's a brilliant man, we should trust he's working as hard as he can.
You're his best friend.
Good thing you're flexible enough to watch your own back.
Christmas come early!
And outsmarted the great Reed Richards -- Victor, this isn't the way to -- (a dark smile) You always know best.
What happens to rubber when it's super- cooled?
Great.
How romantic.
Victor.
This is going to be fun.
(quiet, smiling) Flame on, kid.
Is that the best you can do...? A little heat...? Time for your lesson, Vic.
No. Damn, I love this job.
Hilarious.
I'm good as is.
Thank you for sharing, Auggie.
'Morning, Juanita.
Thank you, gentlemen.
(good-natured smile) No, I don't own a Pinto, Tywan.
Hoots and laughter.
Tywan, solidly built like a Rodin bronze, saunters over.
Tywan glances over at Auggie and starts to laugh.
A thin smile of confidence from Trevor now... Now tilt the wheel to your right.
Trevor flickers a smile as Tywan's spinning starts to draw the attention of the rest of the class.
Now Trevor refers to the physical science book in his hand.
Smile on his face immediately fades.
In magic marker.
He clutches the desecrated physical science book.
Relax, has nothin' to do with you.
... Can I help you?
T'ink yer so cool...
culo.' (a cool curiosity) Why do you wear a rosary?
Respect it.
I should be in the 'A' building with a nice air-conditioned room.
(extends a hand) Ellen Henry, computer science.
First time.
In a heart beat.
She's a good teacher.
That's great... (with humility) It's only 'til the end of the year.
(smile widens) No.
(beat) It's not always easy looking on the bright side.
My passion.
(eyes Trevor's pocket watch) Nice watch, homes.
Please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Cuz this whole respect/code of honor thing baffles me.
... From now on I think the best thing for us to do is meet in the library.
science teacher.
Enjoy hitting your mother, Cesar?
Ellen stops at what she sees... ... a treasure-trove of homemade shivs, Bic lighters, Walkmen, pagers... and Benny Chacon's black rosary beads.
Fumbling in her purse for her keys, Ellen makes a hasty departure.
He begins to move and discovers a pounding in his right hand... ... Lifting his hand up in front of his face.
Come on, you can do better than that, Cesar.
Trevor strolls the aisles, an open science book in hand.
Good.
Fingers shoot up and wiggle on cue... (in unison) Phalanges, phalanges, phalanges... Scattered laughter and groans at this embarrassing routine... Cesar's beaten gaze remains riveted to his book.
Jolts out of bed.
Ellen flickers a terrified smile.
We make choices in life and we live by 'em.
Now he gazes at the .380 in his hand.
Smiles to himself now.
Her three-year-old baby sister, Maricella (too big to be carried) straddles her hip as Rita yells at the boys... Be nice to your brother, Antonio.
That's a promise.
You have an opportunity here to change your life.
For honor, vato.
Good morning, Mr. President.
Good morning, George.
Well, the Orange County Register has named you one of the ten sexiest men of the year.
I'll begin to decompose.
It's nice you've been spending so much time with me, but... Dad, don't start.
Look who's talking healthy.
Started this morning.
Morning, Lucas.
The sky's on fire!
Take cover where you can but the important thing is not to panic.
(smiling) Naw.
You're staying there to keep people calm.
Okay, fine but the second your interviews are done, I have a helicopter ready to take you to Nellis Air Force... (filtered) How's the munchkin?
I love you too.
Sometimes it's just her first initial, sometime her nickname... Oh my God! Nice driving, pops! ...put your hands together for Sabrina! (filtered) ...from the "it could only happen in California" file, hundreds of UFO fanatics have gathered on the rooftops of downtown Los Angeles, welcoming the new arrivals...
He's not going to listen to me.
(awed) It's beautiful.
Smart man.
They're gaining.
Friendly?
Mommy, what happened?
It's really nice of you to help us.
Since nineteen fifty whatever you guys have had that space ship, the thing you found in New Mexico.
(suddenly excited) Hey, you wanna see them?
Once we got them off, we were able to learn a great deal about their anatomy; eyes, ears, bipolar digestive system... no vocal cords though.
Hand signals, body language?
They got one, alive!
Worth, And Memphis.
Lieutenant, congratulations.
Thank you, sir.
He's my angel.
It's good money.
A toast to the end of the world.
He's a good man.
Better be.
(excited) It's a hit!
I'm right here, baby.
Is Mommy sleeping now?
Yes, baby.
Mommy's sleeping.
Join me in a little celebration?
We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off.
Good morning.
Thanks, Pops.
I want you should know, I'm very proud of you, son.
With my blessings.
For our victory dance.
Great.
Let' rock and roll.
(re: cigar) Funny, I always thought things like these Nice meeting you.
Yeah, but what an entrance!
He's just a kid, nineteen, twenty tops, and if he stays healthy and he stays focused, the world is his oyster.
Why? Family, my man.
In the grand scheme of things family is a liability, not an asset.
He's looking at me funny, Jimmy.
So, you accept responsibility for bringing young life into the world?
But what is freedom worth?
I found me a good day care and moved on with my life.
And you can help?
We have story hour at Eleven, lunch at noon, and nap time at Twelve- thirty.
It would be really nice to have you on board, but you're just a little too qualified.
They were angels.
Did you have fun boys?
Ya gotta love it.
Great.
It's your first week.
Yes, baby?
So, did you have fun today.
Watch daddy.
(Mumbling) Great.
Christmas, Easter, an occasional birthday, and maybe when they had friends over for dinner, but only as a status symbol.
Oh yes, here's the 2.5 children.
I love daddy.
That's wonderful.
That's amazing.
Did I tell you I love kids?
They love me.
So, when can I meet your boys?
Did you have a good time?
They don't have a "mom".
It's about spirit and finding the will to love again, for you and the boys.
Good for you.
Yeah, but is it good for the kids?
Only two kinds of people make it in this world, boy; Those that are smart and those that are strong.
If you don't want to be smart and do your homework then you can be strong and do pushups.
I think Rick is doing a wonderful job.
He went to grab a couple beers.
You know Rick, someday some girl is going to realize what a good man you are.
Love isn't about money.
Love is about truth and selflessness and discovering who you are and who'll be.
Thank you.
I left them in the care of their loving father.
Who willingly walked out of their lives.
Their best interest is walking out the door.
Someday is someday, baby.
Give your Mom a hug, guys, then get in the house.
I love Mel.
She loves you too.
I've never met a good father that couldn't support his kids.
Love these children like they've never been loved before.
Please?
Kiss him once on the forehead, once on the cheek and sing The Cradle Will Rock and he'll sleep the whole night through.
He loves to read and write, but he doesn't do so well in social studies.
(In Mel's ear) I can live my life alone.
You love her?
If you think you're in love you are.
I can't think of a love more lucid.
You didn't marry your best friend?
Affairs of the heart and those of the mind are two different things.
It's time to live life and enjoy our grandkids.
The boys will be fine.
Grandma I love you.
I love her more.
I love her the whole universe.
I love you all the whole universe plus one.
2. I wouldn't mind having breakfast... What do you care?
I'm just getting into my uniform here... You've had your fun.
Why do they make these damn skirts so hard to zip... Where's your hat? Hey... hey... (giggling) ... don't wrinkle it!
Thank you, Your Honor.
(smiles) My defense was evolving.
Could have been that quick score you've always been searching for.
(finished his tea) Stella, when you gonna get a real air conditioner in here.
Christ, you're plugged in better than me.
Good.
Nice move, Matty.
Right over your heart.
At least it's cool.
They keep ringing and I go out there expecting a cool breeze.
15. (laughs) Yes.
(smiles) You shouldn't have come.
(smiling) It takes me a good thirty seconds.
No, you misunderstood -- (she rolls over him) -- this is my new saddle, and I just want to -- Wow! No, I must object -- (finally, breathless) Enough.
Hey, lady, wanna make love?
Maybe This sure is a friendly town.
(smiling) We were just meeting.
Ned made me feel very welcome.
Nice to meet you.
Nice area.
We're famous for our cool breezes.
You two have fun now.
Mary Ann's an old friend.
She wants me to be happy.
(not in a jovial mood) You know, this has never been one of my pleasures.
Good.
(choking back her giggles) Good evening, sir... welcome to... to Flight 413 ... nonstop to ... What do you take me for?
(hushed) Listen!
I love that sound.
The life is comfortable.
I was willing to go on.
I've lived so much of my life with nothing.
(kisses her, smiles) It is conceivable I'll make a buck someday.
God, you've made me happy.
I love it.
Tiny little weekend.
They own that old place in Miranda Beach, The Breakers...
He didn't have the goods, this guy.
He was like a lot of guys you run into -- they want to get rich, they want to do it quick, they want to be there with one score.
That's good.
Thank you, Aunt Matty.
She's a pleasure.
He's not coming up this weekend.
Don't talk that way.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Racine.
You look good in black.
Great.
Right, right.
You'll love this, Ned, this latest development.
This is rich.
She's a little wild.
It's nice to meet you.
Thank you.
(smiles, stands) Goodbye.
I'm fine, Stella.
I'll see ya.
I met her at a party.
Then I'm glad I told you.
What's the best part?
That was her special gift she was relentless.
No I know, we just got those specs last night and they're building a piece to go under... Great, thanks.
Governor Morris has mounted a sizable lead with 2047 delegates, winning New Hampshire, California, New York and Michigan...But Senator Pullman with 1302 delegates is still in the hunt having won Florida, Tennessee, Virginia and Missouri...
Ha-ha.
Ben? We'll win.
There's no way you'll win by nine.
Six presidentials I've done and I've never felt this good.
Before he announced at a town hall meeting in Pennsylvania... Thank God it wasn't overseas.
If it's true, find out, if it's not, let them spend the next day telling the post that he doesn't own a diamond mine in Liberia...win win.
Thanks.
Well that's what you're good at, right?
It's exciting isn't it?
You changed your hair.
Quiet's good.
It was my understanding that...your endorsement a week before Ohio...would win this for us... (Looks to his aide) Estella...hand me that ice bucket.
It's better for me to work off of that.
And here's the beauty of it...everyone who is older than eighteen and past the age of eligibility, would be for it...create national pride...give all the kids an education.
Too young.
Paul, listen, call me as soon as you can...it's important.
Charm isn't the right word.
Good man.
Because the pay is so good.
He's a good guy.
That's young.
Here in your hotel, in Kentucky...it's frowned upon...but we'll go across the bridge into Ohio...
I know you're looking for a reaction, but listen we have two great candidates in a very tight race...and at the end of the day the voters will decide who best can represent this party in the fall.
Good.
Great... Listen Stephen...you're not Paul.
I pay him to use the word "great".
So at best you've got eight years...then you'll end up with a nice little consultant firm on Farragut North...eating at the Palm...pulling in seven hundred and fifty grand a year...pimping out Senators to Saudi Princes.
Pimping out ex presidents... Then I better win... Yeah.
Now, I've been married for eleven years, to the smartest person I know...and we have a normal marriage...which means when we disagree...she wins.
The richest people in this country don't pay their fare share.
For the record, my campaign is vehemently against the distribution of wealth to the richest Americans, by our government!
If I'm your president, the first thing I put in motion, ten years from the day I'm in office...no new car in America runs on an internal combustion engine.
It'll create hundreds of thousands of new jobs...we will start the next technological revolution and we will lead the world again...like we used to...
We get the Governor right after he finishes singing Kum Bay Ya and give him everything we know.
Labor?
Paul, I respect you...respect your opinion...but I'm never gonna do it...so I suggest we find a way for me to win Ohio.
Right...but we need a Senator...one from Ohio would be nice.
The greatest speech ever given on hydrogen power.
He did good.
Yeah...don't put it on the books.
You met with Duffy.
That we were friends?
You give me what I want, I write you better stories.
Why'd you meet with Duffy?
Okay, I'll make it easier on you.
What? Why'd you meet with Duffy?
You can put your own words in there, you do it better than most.
Is that your best play?
She made the world better, not just for me, but for everyone she touched.
I'm friends with the family.
He's meeting with Thompson.
Sounds relaxing.
And God bless the United States of America.
Thank you Senator Thompson!
Senator Thompson I am honored to stand here today with you.
I love the hair net.
The hair is one of the most important parts of an on camera persona.
You're funny.
You make people smile.
It's the first day we moved in together.
Oh, here's me at my sister's wedding.
Hey, that's a good line, but you need more resonance.
Sweety, time to get up... No, I'm having a great dream.
Everything great anchor has his own signature sign-off.
Wow, nice car, huh?
Yeah, if you want to rub your success in people's faces.
Needles, yech... Oh, that's a nice response.
Helpful and life saving?
I'm * giving.
IB positive they aint touchin' me with no needle.
(laughs) Catch you later, lemmings 1 It's kill or be killed, only the strong survive, no guts, no glory1 (looking heavenward) Thank you.
Morning, Buddy.
Bobby, I can't, I-- Just taste it, taste it... Mmm, delicious, I really gotta go.
Can you get Kelly- Ahh... (excited) Oh, two o'clock, two o'clock, two-o- five, two-ten... Way out of our league, huh?
You're a good reporter.
You make people laugh.
(laughs) You're good with them, you know.
The sister who's life you're not wasting.
That's greatI Yep, it's happenin', hun.
I love you.
* I love you.
Glad I wore my tap shoes.
I'm just glad you're okay.
I'm not okay with a mediocre LIFE!
A mediocre life?
(feigns a smile) How would I get to room 7? That'd be on the seventh floor.
(becoming emotional) And I'm sleeping with my best friend's husband.
Havin' fun? You- He- Thy... Let's take a walk.
Now, here's the deal.
Can I-ask why? (excited) Yes you can.
That's the beauty it.
This is amazing.
Oh, speaking of amazing... Since you're finished with these, I think I'll hang to 'em.
I'll be seein' ya.
Come on, lady.
(snaps) Hey, everybody back-off i Listen, I better get back.
What can I say, I love him.
And he saw that it was good.
Your stereo sounds great in my car, man.
(finishing song) ...home.
(re: the flowers) Oh, my God.
You're so...happy.
Who wouldn't be on a night like this? (holding out the flowers) For you.
These are amazing.
Nothing of this world.
(sincerely impressed) Wow, nice car man.
It's served you well in the past, right?
I've never seen it before, I swear I Nice Job, Bruce...Way to go, buddy...GO get 'em, Bruce, etc. Hi, Bruce.
Good work, I'm impressed.
* (laughing along with him) * Ha! What are the odds?
I haven't been the best father in the world.
It feels good to get that out.
Thank you.
Good evening and welcome to Eyewitness News at six.
Well, signal for him to keep going.
Bruce smiles.
(gushing) So, Bruce said and I quote: "Prepare yourself for an amazing evening that will change our lives forever."
And his career is more than together.
Change our lives...
No sexo, no sexol Very good.
He's finishing up the week and I go live Monday.
That's great, honey.
Congratulations.
They both laugh, Bruce enjoys the attention.
(laughing along) Yep, it's me.
(leans to Grace) Fans.
Is this heaven?
You didn't think being God was going to be all fun and games did you?
I can help the world.
Personal life in good shape?
Everything is great.
(to Bruce) Everything's great, huh?
(to God) You are not helping.
(sarcastic) Nice recovery.
(reading) Please make the Sabers win the playoffs, good.
* (looks heavenward) Thank you, God.
Thank you, God.
(Subtitles read: Thank you, God.) I've got to find a better job...Come on light, turn...God, I wish I were thinner... Promotion with 15% raise...It's green. . .
Donuts are now healthy... Oh, come on.
(deep demonic voice) Thanks.
(fakes happy) That's great.
Th is i s ra re -- (catches herself) But wonderful.
Keep 'em closed... (laughing) What is this?
* (laughing) * This place is hilarious.
Listen to me closely.
* Marriage, I want marriage, okay.
Come on Grace, lighten up.
Tomorrow's Saturday.
Let's enjoy the ride for a whi le.
All hail our new anchor!I Bless you.
Bless you.
* Enjoying your party?
Welcome to my world, son.
Here's a little ditty, about Grace and her man Bruce, two Americans growing up, needing to make a truce.
That's great.
How about you love me and you'll take me back.
(to the others) Okay everyone, inside.
Hey11 That's my car!! Ha, nice wheels, huh?
I'm good.
Oh, and Bruce, you won the pool again.
Fred... Thank's Susan.
In other news-- Oh, for the love of Godl What is it now?
Partying, man.
You better get home pal.
(demonic voice) Do you have these in red?
Congratulations, Evan.
"Dear God, help Bruce to be happy.
She still loves me, Buddy.
Please... 11 6.
I still love him... ...but I don't want to love him anymore.
Please.
It would be for Grace to live a happy, joyful life.
And that she finds someone... (getting emotional as he realizes what he's saying) ...that she finds someone that will treat her with the love and respect that she so deserves.
(beat) Well, I better get on that one.
See ya, Bruce.
You should thank God for donors.
We don't have a lot of that type on hand.
There's your angel now.
Thank you.
A ditty?
Is it the scientist, Dr. Escobar? Speak!
Thank... you.
Thank you, sir.
I love this train!
New Orleans.
346 Garden Street... ' (lowers glasses, looks up) Like I said.... New Orleans.
And I'll jus' smile and do as I's tole so those people won' ever know that I would rather shoot myself in the head than play your god damned man servant!
These are a work of art.
Well, I'll have no part of it!
There, Gordon, you happy?
Well gimme a simple diamond bracelet instead of that...
Hey, honey...
And my promise that they will be part of the greatest military victory of this century!
I said to meet me in the foyer.
Howdy there... big sturdy gal.
(bends her back) So you enjoy the party.
Don't grab a white lady's boobies at the big redneck dance.
(suddenly a coquettish smile) Thank you... Artemus, was it?
One doesn't forget a smile like that.
First, the whole drumming on the boobies thing.
Hey-yaa!!! Hang 'm...! (still pissed, to Gordon) Hang'm!?! (to Rita) Meet my trigger-happy partner, James West... who doesn't seem to realize that my carefully planned diversion gave me the opportunity to search for the missing scientists.
Scientist, huh.
She's an entertainer.
I came to find Guillermo Escobar, the scientist, my... father.
Well, General, it's been a long journey from New Liberty.
I can help you.
Queen Isabella of Spain.
The Wanderer BLASTS out of the tunnel.
(In the f.g.
THE WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 6/15/98 68.
How familiar!
(looks toward bedroom) Quite lovely, isn't she?
Yes, Mr. West, I'm sure a well- endowed blackamoor like yourself must find it absolutely impossible... that a freak like me could fully enjoy the pleasure of a woman.
Other than a lack of wheelchair access, I find it a most comfortable way to pass the long miles from here to my laboratory in Spider Canyon... (louder, as they move off) I'll be seeing President Grant soon at Promontory Point.
Loveless is laughing his head off.
She smiles nervously at Loveless, who's being fawned-over by his women.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 79.
I'm not doing it... One... West takes a leap of faith... and finally, so does Gordon.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 79A.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 09/03/98 80A.
The pinnacle of my life in the theater came in a production of Our American Cousin -- a light comedy -- at Ford's Theater in Washington.
I lived out here when I was a boy.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 09/03/98 81/82.
The desert wasp... one of the world's great hunters.
Now we see Gordon's got the heavy metal collar in his hand.
Gordon snowplows backwards through the sand for 40 feet, finally coming to an abrupt stop with a metallic klang!
Up, up, up he goes... as now more of the contraption comes INTO VIEW.
He's surrounded by his adoring crew Amazonia, Munitia and Lippenreider.
They watch the Tarantula head toward a narrow opening between two red-rock outcroppings.
Bonjour, buenas tardes and good day!
Great glorious day!
BLURRY, back-lit by the sun, the face of West's Indian friend.
(humbly to crowd) Today I'm proud to be able to sit before you and tell you the wrongs will be righted... the past made present... the United, divided!
To thunderous applause.
Great Britain gets back the thirteen original colonies... minus Manhattan.
(off applause) Florida and the Fountain of Youth go back to Spain! (off applause) Texas, New Mexico, California, Arizona revolve a Mexico!
Queen of Spain.
I was close.
Finally Loveless taps Colorado, Kansas, Utah and Nevada -- now labelled as "Loveless Land."
Smiles impishly.
Artemus smiles at her, extremely brave under the circumstances.
If I may have one request... it's that she aim at my heart... which has loved this great country so much!
Great.
A candle-powered spotlight swings across the stage and illuminates... a deep-throated, bluesy black CHANTEUSE who starts singing the popular cathouse song, "Hangtown Gals." (singing) 'Ohhh... Hangtown gals are plump and rosy...' Loveless wheels his chair around to take a gander and forgets Gordon's execution instantly.
(singing) 'Hair in ringlets, mighty cozy...' She winds her finger around her ringlets and sticks out her derriere to the crowd.
A new girl!
What a nice surprise!
Amazonia moves in threateningly, but Loveless stops her, starts to laugh.
BOOM! BOOM!
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109A.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 109B.
But the smile fades from West's face when he sees Loveless's shotgun armrests pop out leveled at his waist.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 114A.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/99 114B.
I guess the only thing that I can take comfort in is the hope that you would hit those rocks a second before me and I could enjoy immeasurable bliss before I vanish.
WILD WILD WEST - Rev. 4/9/97 114C.
The wheels spin for a second, finally catch, and in a flash, Loveless and West free-fall into space.
West is hanging on to his ankles, enjoying a vindictive, belly laugh.
It's driven finally into place to a rousing cheer.
(pins badges on their vests) Welcome to the Secret Service, Agents No. 1 and No. 2. The President shakes both their hands.
You look great.
She hugs West, she hugs Gordon.
I just wanted to thank you for everything you've done for me... before I went back home to Texas.
Freedom is life's great lie.
Ya? (looks at LUCHKOV) It's for you.
Look, you can't pull me out of this right now.
But he's alive.
Please.
And your actress buddy, is she a spy too?
This guy is still alive!
Then you should be out, celebrating, seeing the world.
You're good on this end.
Enjoy the moment.
For my baby?
You were the world's first superhero.
I gotta say, it's an honor to meet you, officially.
We look beyond the Earth to greater worlds the Tesseract will unveil.
Good.
Doctor, thank you for coming.
Agent Romanoff, would you show Dr.Banner to his laboratory, please.
You're gonna love it, Doc.
I'm not overly fond of what follows.
Do I look to be in a gaming mood?! Oh, you should thank me.
Your precious Earth.
We were raised together, we played together, we fought together.
Living in the shade of your greatness.
So you take the world I love as recompense for your imagined slights.
You give up this poisonous dream!
You listen well, brother.
He loves his hammer!
You talk about peace and you kill `cause it's fun.
Funny things are.
His secrets have secrets.
Saved it for what?
We've got an excellent observatory in Traunsee.
Thank you.
Erik is a good man.
You changed his life.
They were better as they were.
They are repulsive, and they trample everything in their path.
I know guys with none of that worth ten of you.
I focused on helping other people.
Is the sun coming up?! Yes, sir.
Good.
Paramedics are on their way.
Thank you.
He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built in the skies with his name plastered... Sonofabitch!
It's good.
(pulls a trigger on his bow; a narrow is mechanically It would be my genuine pleasure.
The powers surrounding the cube is impenetrable.
Thor is right.
I'm bringing the party to you.
That's my secret, Captain.
Alright, listen up.
Better clench up, LEGOLAS.
Nice call.
You ready for another bout?
I can close it!
Good job, guys.
Captain America saved my life.
A promise.
How'ya doin, Mom? Welcome home, Sam.
You excited, get some juice, help me set the table.
It's good money.
Good money?
They're good to me over there, Sam.
The point of receiving God's word is life.
Life upon life.
And to accept the blood of Jesus is life upon life upon life... Praise be to God!
Amen! ... now proclaim his saving grace!
If there are sinners here looking for God raise your hands!
Stand up! Receive Jesus Christ as your light and saviour... Receive Jesus as your Lord and Saviour... in the name of the father and of the son and of the Holy Ghost... Thanks for your help, Sam.
Think so, in our bed... she's funny.
"Into the street the Piper stept, smiling first a little smile, then three shrill notes the pipe uttered like a great and mighty army muttered..." What's uttered?
I promise.
Good job, Bug, good job!
It's beautiful.
You gimme a little shake... C'mon, Lynn... Today we are blessed with a special guest.
It's my pleasure to welcome Pastor Relling from the Kilangire Christian Ministry in Uganda, Africa.
Pastor... Thank you Pastor Krause, and thank you brothers and sisters for inviting me into this house of the Lord.
He talked funny.
Just from a different place than us, baby, that's all.
That's yer problem... ... you need this plate to ramp into the chamber... that way yer brass won't get stuck... ... there ya go, should be better... Thank you.
Different life.
Find ourselves a little fun this weekend.
Thank you.
The others are going into Kampala.
Thank you for your help.
They are night commuters.
I can help these here.
Sweet dreams, bug.
Baby, whatcha doin?
Crazy as it sounds, God spoke to me... I'm gonna build a church.
A church?
Business is good.
Besides, I own a construction company... I'm gonna give us one heck of a good deal on the build.
That's good, man.
He ain't doin so good, bro.
But hey, good seein ya' man.
I'm here for that boy right there.
Welcome to Shekinah Fellowship Church.
That's done, buddy.
Good to meet you Betty.
But it is impossible to live here, to see what I have seen, and not turn your back on him.
That's our best shot!
Four on the right!
He has a funny left eye.
Mornin, buddy.
You can't come with me, buddy.
Monday thru Friday from 8 to 2... Sundays after first worship for a few hours if anybody needs it.
How you doin, Sue? Good.
You said Sundays has been full.
Turn outs been good, but that don't mean people is givin money.
Be good for them kids, Lynn.
And they can play at the school on weekends if they want Not talking bout here.
What'cha workin on, buddy?
Shoot, we had more fun tryin to get there than when we finally did.
Why don't we pray together then... Our gracious Heavenly Father, bless us with the strength to carry on in your name.
You should come on by one of these Sundays, bring the family.
That's nice of you, but we're at Calvary now.
Thank you, but I'm gonna be straight with ya.
If we had a little bit more support from people like yourself sure would help things run a lot smoother over there.
Why don't you and the family come over to the house next Sunday.
Sam is fine.
I hear what you have done for the SPLA and I am grateful.
We can thank God for his blessins.
Their laughter has been lost to this country for far too long.
There are Peace Talks scheduled for the end of August in Naivashu.
We must talk of peace, but keep our rifles ready for war.
Ok then, sweet dreams.
Ain't you gonna read me a book?
Ahh, Paige, you know I don't read so good.
Dad usually kisses me on the forehead before he leaves.
Sweet dreams.
I'd like to assign a few more men to you during the day.
Where's the brother?
Hey buddy, you don't wanna play with the other kids?
Truth is, helpin you kids is about the only good thing I ever done in this life.
They say you are doing good.
This is how Americans dance?
(to soldiers, Arabic) Bring the children out... Put em right here... real easy... Put them together here... gently... What are you doing?
Come back for the others later.
Please.
You ain't gettin no limo, end of story.
You love them black babies more than you love me.
Hey buddy, it's Donnie.
Paige's birthday.
The church.
What ministry?!
The good you're doin is destroyin this family.
What good have I ever done?
This is my brother.
Put him with the others until tomorrow.
I got you a good case, it's a moneymaker.
He's a good man.
Mr. Galvin's clear at that time... the Bishop's office, tomorrow, the fifth at two p.m. Thank you... That's the call that I'm waiting for.
Thanks, Franky.
(beat, smiles, downs drink, gets up off the stool, sincerely) I'm glad you did.
Thank you.
Good night.
You're very welcome.
Finally we're none of us protected... we... we just have to go on.
I know that you love her...
When they give you the money, that means that you won.
(smiles, there is laughter from the room; to Friedman, sympathetic) I'm sorry, but you'll have to stay.
Not bad...? This guy's Dr. Kildare, the jury's going to love him, Mick...
I had a good teacher.
Good.
(smiles) See you boys in court.
Good.
So what...? The best is yet to come.
Towler on a panel on GBH on Friday: 'The Healing Hand.
(to Cigar Stand Operator) What's the best cigars you have?
Thanks, Franky.
So far you're great.
(hands him cigarettes, smiles, calls the Bartender) Jimmy...? Dr. Gruber.
I... please.
You were there to help Dr. Marx deliver her baby.
When she... (to Dr. Towler, correcting him) When 'Debby'... (to Young Lawyer) Thank you.
Thank you.
Dr. Thompson...? It was good of you to meet... Thank you for coming.
Please.
There's a lot of pressure they can bring to bear, I... (smiles) There's nothing they can do to me.
Please.
Humor me.
Please.
Thank you, and thank you for coming.
(smiles, saving his best 'til last) And he's black.
(smiles) And you get a black lawyer to sit at our table.
Good.
Is that what a good doctor would do?
There was no way that I was going to win.
(to Sally) I'm going to do the best I can for you and your sister.
(looking up) Ready, your Honor.
So much rides on it.
(rising) Thank you, your Honor, I'll continue.
Your Honor! Yes, Mr. Galvin?
Please.
(beat) I... um... Thank you.
I'm not through with the witness, your Honor.
Thank you.
Now, please.
Representing my client.
Listen to me, fella... No, no, you listen to me.
To cross-examine... to... to... Are we going to win? (beat, desperately needing to trust) We have, you know, other tactics, though... Yes.
Is she in town...? Thank you.
Thank you.
That's at the Manhattan Health Center... No.
I... good.
Thank you.
Mr. Concannon...? Nothing further, your Honor.
(beat) Thank you.
Your Honor, we have agreed to hold for the Plaintiff... but on the size of the award, are we bound...
Hot chocolate.
(smiles) And a slice of pecan pie, right?
I'm gonna marry this girl.
Hey, hey, listen here.
"I've made my list and I've checked it twice, and as long as you're naughty, it's gonna be nice.
Work at Penney's has been busy because it's Christmas and that's when we do almost half of our business for the whole year -- ", okay, whatever, whatever -- (skipping on) " -- my manager's still mad at me for asking for the whole week off," whatever, whatever -- (smiles) Here we go.
(studies photo) That's the world for ya.
Mornin', gorgeous.
My whole heart.
Your world and welcome to it, dumbfucks!
Don't be a stranger now!
Good.
Wind chill.
Smile.
Smile.
(trying not to) No, c'mon -- I've been dreaming about that smile, Ashley Mercer.
That I trust them.
(smiles) You wrote me wonderful things, Nick.
Yes it was all you -- Guy I was in with... he helped sometimes... some of the romantic stuff, actually... you'd like him -- I'm talking about the heart, Nick.
We are not leaving that motel room again till after New Year's: we need ten days worth of provisions!
(to cookie matron) What's good?! Oh my, we've got a special on our chocolate crunchie elves, they're shaped like little helpers -- THIS MAN... has not had a cookie in two goddamn years!
Yeah, well you wrote me you were six- foot-four, baby.
Ash, you've gotten me enough -- No boyfriend of mine is going to walk around in negative-five degree wind chill without a goddamn good- looking coat!
Watch out, baby!
Happy holidays.
Man of your dreams.
You better be here to be good to her, loverboy.
How 'bout the tree?
You want the tree?
Ain't hauling, man, I'm up for the holidays.
Nick, I love you -- Watch your mouth, man.
I love you!
I love you... Nick, I love you... Hey.
She says she loves you, Nick.
Be nice, convict.
The man who wrote those letters loved Ashley, boys.
He lived for her love.
(nods) Let's see him live for love.
Beauty and fragrances.
Her brother.
That's love.
Chocolate.
Day-to-day.
Christmas... Eve...
(smiles) You're our inside man.
It seems to me an intelligent society would legislate a second such gift-giving holiday, create, say, a Christmas Two -- late May, early June -- to further stimulate growth and prosperity.
Christmas Two.
Trust me.
We'll trust you when we're rich.
Sleep good, loverboy.
Tomorrow you got singing for your supper to do.
I showed up for love.
I mean it, I'm feeling that good.
I used to run rigs for a guy loved your chaw there.
Eyes in the sky.
Merry Christmas-Eve, my love.
My love, my love.
Merry Christmas-Eve... Hello, gentlemen.
And how can we help you on this holiday morning?
That's for the hundred bucks worth of pay-per-view.
Merry Christmas-Eve.
Mom's setting out the good silver, hanging her cinammon sticks, up in the doorways.
Getting out her scratchy old records... singing along...
Wherever... we go together.
Merry X-mas.
It's true that Indian gaming's gone a long way toward restoring wealth and pride to communities who've been economically isolated and enslaved for centuries.
Stronger infrastructure, better schools, higher employment... they're all the results of reservation casino success stories.
Christmas Eve! We're out of work! (shakes his hand) Hi, Santa Claus, how are you.
Got a buddy from Woolworth's out parking the sleigh.
Get in on a hand here!
Because WE know who's worked for you! (smiles) Remember a guy named Nick Mason!?
(shrugs) Story of your life.
You... you... YOU -- We still gonna spend Christmas together?
You're spending Christmas with the birthday boy himself -- Hey! HEY! THERE IS A POWWOW SAFE!
I'm gonna take pleasure in this... Me too.
Is that Christmas?! Huh?! Is that Christmas?! God bless us every one...
Merry Christmas, The End. Was it your plan, Monster?
I saved your life.
He did love you.
'Cause what you did for him was make him the happiest held ever been.
Love your money and remember that.
Merry Christmas, Rudy.
I'm glad it was me.
Merry Christmas.
You said Merry Christmas, Rudy.
Merry Christmas, Rudy.
Yes we are... Right... etc. Ladies and Gentlemen!... Let the demonstration begin!! Ladies and Gentlemen!... "THE Make way! Make way! Oh yes they are, they're yours alright.
Let's take our sweet lovely children on an outing.
Good day.
He's built quite a successful practice.
(ticking it off by rote) Life is full of surprises.
Help him up.
My... pleasure.
Did it go well, darling?
Are the girls in bed?
Yes, and they send their kisses.
You're safe now.
Breakfasting with the patients this morning, Mr. Treves?
Good morning, Treves.
Good morning, sir.
(grinning) You and I are going to be good friends, we are.
Welcome to the London.
If you don't mind my saying so, sir, with your early habits, you'd 'a made a fine milkman.
Good morning, Charley.
....Good morning... John.
I've brought your breakfast.
Come up John, come up on the bed.
Good morning, Mr. Treves.
Good day sir.
(to himself) What good am I to you...? ...What is my purpose?
That's much better.
Oh yes! Now listen.
Excellent!
Good God girl!
We made great progress today.
If this is an intelligent man, trapped in the body of a monster, then I'm under a moral obligation to help free that mind, free that spirit as best I can, to help him live as full and content a life as possible.
I've only got until two o'clock tomorrow afternoon, when Carr Gomm meets him.
He restoreth my soul: He Guideth me in the paths of righteousness... Righteousness... Righteousness for his namesake.
I'm sure you'll be just fine.
But he can talk, and has a great eagerness to make contact with people who will let him.
Fine, fine.
Thank you for asking.
Thank you.
Are you comfortable here?
Everyone has been very kind.
Don't you John? Oh yes!
It is much better than what I am used to.
I'm feeling much better now... Tell me, how do you like Mr. Treves?
...I... everyone has been very kind to me.
...everyone has been very kind.
Good day.
I agree the British public is generous, and I'm sure that somewhere the creature will find a happy and permanent home, but not here.
He may stay in the rooms off Bedstead Square until such time as more suitable arrangements can be made, thus freeing the Isolation Ward for more deserving patients.
It was pleasant of you to join us this evening, Frederick.
"...it is a case of singular affliction brought about through no fault of himself; he can but hope for quiet and privacy during a life which Mr. Treves assures me is not likely to be long," The Elephant Man.
Good evening.
Right, right.
Good evening.
Good evening.
(surprised) Thank you... so much... oh it's beautiful!
So get a good night's rest, there'll be new people to meet tomorrow.
Good night.
(weakly) Good night.
Your own Sunny Jim! Let's go see him, then!
Right now he's in the attic but tomorrow they're movin' him into Bedstead Square, right into my lap... then... for the right price you'll see something you'll never see again in your life.
This is your new home, John.
(earnestly) Well, it's a lovely bedroom.
I love the way you've arranged your pictures on the mantlepiece.
Oh yes.
(the word gives him pleasure) Friends.
Thank you so much for coming.
It was an act of the greatest charity.
Good day.
Incredible, isn't it?
You yourself hardly treated John with much loving kindness when he first arrived.
If loving kindness can be called care and practical concern, then yes, I did treat him with loving kindness, and I'm not ashamed to say it.
You're right, Mothershead, please forgive me... Of course, I appreciate everything you've done for John, and I'm glad that you are concerned about his welfare.
When will the stream be aweary of flowing under my eye?
the stream flows the wind blows the heart beats Nothing will die.
Thank you, Mothershead.
I'm inclined to agree.
John is happier and more fulfilled now than he has ever been in his entire life.
You're a good man.
You look lovely.
Don't change a thing, darling.
My friends...
(laughter) Etc.
'Cor, he's a real ladies' man, come on... give the ladies' man a kiss.
Come on, you'll give him a kiss.
Everyone outside!!! Give 'im a drink.
Bring your friend.
(laughs drunkenly) He's had 'is fill for one night.
Here... buy yourself a sweet.
My treasure... Aren't you glad to see me? Bytes!
Good God... John?
We didn't hurt him... just having a laugh, that's all.
I'm glad what I did!
Eat, my treasure, I want you healthy.
Dance!
Dance!
Dance! (rapping) Up! Up! Give the call of the elephant!
Another bleedin' heart!
Oh, yes.
You're a great attraction.
Yes, he's... my friend.
You'll be using the Royal entrance and Princess Alexandra herself will be there to welcome him to her private box.
John will be very excited.
And, I'm sure, Mr. Treves, under your expert care, he'll have many happy years ahead.
You women are such strange and wonderful creatures... Alas, it seems to be my fate to fall in love with each and everyone of you.
...The theatre... O for a Muse of fire, that would ascend The brightest heaven of invention, A kingdom for a stage, princes to act And monarchs to behold the swelling scene!
But pardon, gentles all, The flat unraised spirits that have dar'd On this unworthy scaffold to bring forth So great an object: can this cockpit hold The vasty fields of Rance?
Fair Katharine, and most fair, will you vouchsafe to teach a soldier terms Such as will enter at a lady's ear And plead his love-suit to her gentle heart?
O fair Katharine, if you will love me soundly with your French heart, I will be glad to hear you confess it brokenly with your English tongue.
I know no way to mince it in love, but directly to say "I love you".
A good leg will fall; a straight back will stoop; a black beard will turn white; a curl'd pate will grow bald; a fair face will wither; a full eye will wax hollow; but a good heart, Kate, is the sun and the moon, or rather the sun and not the moon; for it shines bright and never changes, but keeps his course truly.
Small time, but in that small most greatly liv'd This star of England: Fortune made his sword; By which the world's best garden he achiev'd.
Thank you for your warm greeting.
Ladies and gentlemen, tonight's performance was very special to me, because it was very special to someone else, a man who knows the theatre and loves the theatre, and yet tonight is the first time he's ever actually been here.
I would like to dedicate... the whole company wishes to dedicate, from their hearts, tonight's performance to Mr. John Merrick, my dear friend.
Wasn't Mrs. Kendal wonderful?
Be thankful that you're fit and have your health.
Cherish it.
We love you, sweetie.
(looks out the window) What a beautiful day!
It's a beautiful day.
A good point there.
He's really sweet isn't he?
(excited) Yeah.
He's getting me out of summer school.
Cameron, if you're not over here in fifteen minutes, you can find a new best friend.
It's a beautiful day.
Thank you, sir.
That's better.
You're doing great.
(clears his throat) I don't have all day to bark at you so I'll make this short and sweet.
(mouths) Great!
We'll get together soon and have lunch.
Have a nice life.
Thanks.
(grim monotone) 1958 Ferrari 250 GTS California.
It is joy, it is his love, it is his passion.
Ferris, my father loves this car more than life itself.
No. Alright, look, this is real simple.
(suspicious) How? (big, proud smile) We'll drive home backwards.
A baby! (to Sloane) You must be so excited.
I'm especially looking forward to wearing those jeans with the stretch panel in front.
We're collecting money to buy Ferris Bueller a new kidney.
Huh? Hey, babe!
Great.
He's going to treat it like a beautiful woman.
This is the world's tallest building.
Do you love me?
Do you love me?
Do they like you? Yeah.
Everything was cool at our house.
Adults think it's cute, it's like a charming quick that infests youth.
No. She's saying it's time for lunch.
Party of three for 12:00.
Enjoy your luncheon.
Thank you.
Darling, you were wonderful.
Oh, but I had a wonderful teacher.
Cameron, it's a beautiful day, we've won our freedom, we're traveling down one of American's most scenic polluted waterways and you have to bring up nuclear war?
One of the most frightening experiences of my young life has been observing my parents and our neighbors playing the Baby Boom Edition of Trivial Pursuits.
It's human nature to like what you had better than what you have.
Can I help you?
What's the score?
I love him.
What were you in a previous life?
A lover.
I'm a romantic.
We think about love and matters of the heart.
Fate had me playing in love, with you as my sweetheart.
Act one was when we met.
I loved you at first glance.
Honey, you lies when you said you loved me and I had no cause to doubt you.
Better than Russia?
Much better here than in Russia.
Jump back, Ferris, Cameron's been a good sport.
You saw four states, a submarine, a giant heart, seventy five dollars worth of cooked pancreas, two of the most incredible breasts ever to come out of modern plastics, major league baseball and... (quizical look) Are you gonna chuck your nachos?
Thank you for your concern for my well- ROONEY being.
Have a nice day.
(to the intercom) Thank you.
He has an incredible story.
I have what I consider to be an excellent broadcast voice.
Thank you, God! Thank you, thank you, thank you! Thank...you... (sings) Hey, Mr. Rooney!
How do I deal with that?
Cameron's never been in love.
At least no one's ever been in love with him.
He's gonna marry the first girl he lays.
She won't respect him because you can't respect someone who kisses your ass.
My best friend has flipped-out.
Music...kiss...attack...
What's so funny?
Thank you.
I had a great time today.
He's gonna marry me.
It gives us great pleasure to assist you in performance of your worthy and much needed survives to those so desperately in need.
This time I finally got you.
Thank God, you're alright!
Thanks, Jeanie.
How do you feel? (deathly gasp) 150% better, thank you.
How did you get so sweet?
Years of practice.
(happy sigh) Yeah, life is a carousel.
A great big crazy ball of pure living, breathing joy and delight.
Write 'to Emily...for eternal peace.' Raymond signs the book with the easy charm of a man who's done it a million times.
He has those special rugged good looks that belong to Marlboro men and movie stars.
Reaching down toward her, he yells: Hey! Hey, give me your hand!
(laughing) I'm only old at the end of the story.
Rescue me!
Where were you?...I even got Raymond's autograph and he didn't know...You'd have been proud... Nina is surrounded by people who are rubbing her with towels, taking pictures, all shouting at once.
(to the A.D.) Get her into a tub, then bed...and I want to see her in makeup and costume again before dinner.
Hey! Thank you!
I want to thank you, too!
As Eli trots up, Cameron tenses, finally facing this man who saw him from the helicopter.
(quoting an axiom spouted by top sergeants in a thousand boot camps) 'You want to get home for Thanksgiving, you better figure the guy comin' at you is tryin' to kill you'...That's one thing I learned from the gooks.
Your film from that camera in the Duesenberg's on the way to the lab.
Better.
So ease off and give me a chance... Cameron is surprised to see that Chuck is grinning.
The church steeple can be seen in b.g.
I love horses.
Sprawling on the slippery slate, he looks up to see Chuck strolling down the hazardous incline like a mountain goat.
(walking away) You know a good falling horse makes more money in four minutes than a bank president does in a year?
Jake pulls a PHOTOGRAPH from a manila envelope and hands it to Cameron. - 44 - A wire photo, front and side views of Cameron, taken at his military induction.
Denise receives the photograph, studies it and glances up at Cameron, expressionless.
Eli takes the photograph.
Silhouetted through the etched glass doors (on the other side of "The Looking Glass") he sees the lithe, gay, exquisitely beautiful figure of Nina -- light sparkling from the cut glass dances about her face -- a hauntingly romantic image.
Finally, turning from her, he looks about at the dark water and deserted boardwalk.
- 47 - (smiles) Hi.
(abruptly, with a boyish grin) Good.
Then you jump.
(laughing) Okay.
Well, come on.
It is crowded with bells, a small walkway and railing surrounded them.
It's crazy!... (laughing) ...It's not that bad.
You'll have it ready on time?
An incredible number of people have wedged themselves into this tiny smoke-filled room, peering over each other's heads toward a lighted area at the far end.
Great control.
They spend the whole day working in a whorehouse and look how they relax?
...The world, that's your special job.
Nina, who by now has seen what's happening, laughs.
There is general laughter, but not shared by Cameron.
She sees Cameron and Eli through the smokey dimness and works her way toward them smiling.
More laughter.
What's a nice boy like you doing in a place like this? Going to rescue the maiden from the boat?
Didn't you, kid? - 64 - Having fun with me, aren't you?
What are you laughing at?
God save the queen!...Only difference is, we like to make movies about it.
On the folding chairs facing the PORTABLE SCREEN, a dozen people are silhouetted against the light from the projected dailies.
What's left is a single memory... that brief bright love.
You kneel... then lay the flowers down.
Instead of flowers, what if she brought him the things of their life together...of their sexuality...like her nightgown, her underclothes... Eli looks at him thoughtfully.
'Course they'd be rags by now, but let me show you this... From a paper bag, he takes a SMALL BRONZE CASTING of a BEAR and A GIRL on a SWING beneath a tree.
There is a whirring of the clockwork and a music box melody plays.
The girl begins to swing.
She mechanically lifts her bronze dress until they meet, performing their clockwork love rite.
It's authentic.
Sam, you'll get a belly laugh.
Welcome to the picture, Sam! Sam struggles to escape from the iron grip as Eli dances him about in joy.
- 81 - Denise, with spray can and fingertips, is massaging in red dye, as the CAMERA PULLS BACK.
Twice is considered a love affair...didn't want to rush you.
...Three times is a love affair.
Twice is nice... (yelling) Hey Denise, for Christ's sake!
Over the tinkling sound of the music box, the BEAR and MAIDEN perform their ritual as the CAMERA PULLS BACK revealing the GRAVESTONE decorated with the worn filmy lace undergarments of another era.
They flutter in the soft wind and amber light of a summer afternoon, strangely beautiful against the mossy granite marked "UNKNOWN."
(a soft nostalgic smile) Go, young maiden, you'll be late for your piano lesson.
(smiling) Good night.
How dare you storm in here like you won me in a raffle?! (coldly) My girl gave me her key!
Raymond's lover!
You read about it in the paper two or three years later...some kid in a bell tower shoots a dozen students for no reason at all...his mother says he was always such a good boy...I guess I'd like to know what he really did.
I'll meet you in an hour.
Amazing how they keep secrets around here.
- 115 - I'd say fine.
But first, a little fresh air wouldn't hurt.
Good.
But what the hell...it's a nice night.
Nina, you're making me crazy.
But the judge...he looked real nice at me, and said you were a damn good soldier, son...So he only gave me twenty years.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
(screaming) Your hand!
I picked up this fifty-pound ice cream vat...FLAVOR-OF-THE-MONTH!... ROYAL-BAVARIAN-CHOCOLATE-MIST!...and I started running with that son-of- a-bitch... - 133 - (bellowing) It's not funny!
Oh, baby... (through laughter) Let me go to the bathroom.
Oh, yes.
Too late...Thanks a lot! Abruptly, Cameron's energy is gone.
The hilarity is over.
At their master's voice, they leap.
There, again, is the living world - the road, the trees.
His groping hand finds the hose, the oxygen mask.
For a moment there is a strange stillness which Cameron, his lungs bursting, swims through, out the window and toward the surface.
Why is that cop smiling?
Then the jumble of voices is becoming clearer..."No matter what they pay you, make 'em give you a raise!"..."Fantastic, my wife thinks being a cop is dangerous -- you guys are terrific!"
He is alive and free.
Then it chokes into laughter.
How funny.
Here's the helicopter hovering with Gabe descending the rope ladder bearing film for Eli, who runs to meet him.
How hilarious.
Then I have your blessing to fire her? Unofficially, yes.
That's good enough for me.
It was a pleasure talking with you.
We see the first word.
The card reads: We see Amanda's face as she smiles.
Amanda would have been a pretty girl to touch, to hold, to kiss, to take to bed.
Her perfect, pale skin, Her Tudor court face Her strong, fleshy legs Drove me into ecstasies of despair.
14 14 She took me on a picnic once, With her boyfriend and another couple.
We sense Mark's deep satisfaction as he closes his eyes and the sun warms his face.
He's a much nicer person than you are.
I thrived in her garden And wanted more.
I love you.
After a moment of surprise, Father Brendan rises to the occasion.
Hey, it's fine.
Why? That's the way they saw the world.
Laura listens.
Of achieving your romantic fantasy?
She smiles.
Oh yes, that's ample.
Hi, good to see you.
46 46 Mark is having a bed bath.
Small world.
Then, if you agree, we can also start doing some body awareness exercises in your first session.
Holy Mother of God, what are "body awareness exercises"?
As a finishing touch, she dabs a little cologne behind his ears, then puts the mouthpiece of his respirator within easy reach.
She finally sets his shirt down on the end of the bed.
Nice shirt.
She has done a great job of pulling herself together, and is wrapped in a kimono, which she has brought herself.
She turns back the sheets, gets into bed beside him and he finally looks at her. Whenever I'm naked, everyone else in the room is usually dressed.
She slides her hand down.
You have soft hair.
It's nice to the touch.
Good.
Still good?
Her hands massage their way down his torso.
Mmm, my favorite brand.
That's good for me.
You can be proud of yourself.
You did great.
It's amazing to me how often God is brought into the sex act.
It was my overpowering beauty that did it.
In his mind's eye, he sees the saintly figures in the beautiful stained glass windows of the church with the afternoon sun blazing through.
She snuggles up beside Mark.
Please.
Be romantic.
He settles on a daring but beautiful silk shirt.
I have a good feeling about today, a very good feeling.
Great.
Please.
They finally pass.
When it's ready, I'll guide you in.
Drums, dancing, trances.
Clint Eastwood saying "make my day".
Aahh! 95 95 Vera is still there, reading her book.
The idea is, if it makes her happy and him happy, then it will do the same for me.
Our son is neutral on the subject, but theoretically, if it looks like it makes me happy, it'll make him happy too.
The fact that I'm happy already, doesn't seem to be relevant.
Hey, we did really good stuff today.
You were fantastic.
You should be pleased.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Give it to me.
This is not unusual after first successful intercourse, but I think he is especially susceptible.
It was quite a nice poem.
Everything's good.
Good night.
They kiss.
You could always make me laugh.
I love you, Mark.
124 124 Yes, I love you, but not in that way.
I love you, but I'm not in love with you.
125 125 I think it's great what you're doing with this surrogate lady.
127 127 128 128 Thanks.
Oh, yes.
How special this has been to me?
He did great.
You've achieved a great thing.
161 161 Nice day, isn't it?
Good to be alive, huh? 162 162 I met Susan five years before I died.
She was the love of my life.
We had the same priorities, baseball pretty much came first, and we wrote each other mushy poems.
And thank you for coming to visit.
Father Brendan is rather taken by surprise.
Blessed?
Yes, blessed.
Hey, that's great.
She adores me.
Father Brendan smiles and shakes his head.
I'd love to hear it.
Love is a journey.
Love is a journey.
There is definitely a smile on his face.
165 165 Mark also has a smile on his face as he lies awake.
At least I was able to see the cup-of-life metaphor as a useful tool.
Three Reasons to Live The mundane: O God, it was boring, but I did it got it out of the way The transcendent: We had this agreement -- God gave me life for a while I gave Him gratitude for a while and it worked out OK The curious: You know how every day is different?
He graduated from college, wrote and published articles and poems, and -- against all odds, by his own admission -- entered into the fully human experience of physical love.
He loved, and he was loved and in his quiet voice, he spoke loud truths.
Susan Fernbach will now read one of Mark's favorite poems.
... Those shake-proof coffee mugs are a genius idea, and they just show the true nature of us Californians.
Noah! Look! Daddy's got Space-Busters in the car... and Space-Busters 2. Awesome!
This is better hours for me.
Have fun guys.
(to Jackson) Nice car.
He married a Japanese girl - how is that the end of the world?
The art you collected, it's not in the Alps.
I don't want to miss all the great fun, when it finally blows... What happened to the music?
Hang on, sweet pea, let daddy listen to this for a moment... ... There's been government people flying in and out all morning.
Honey, calm down.
A place where mommy and daddy fell in love.
It's fine guys.
Thank you.
(Charlie's voice) Good for you Bill, good for you! ... This is Charlie Frost reporting live from Yellowstone National Park, soon to become the world's largest active volcano.
The apocalypse, the end of days.
The forces of mother nature will be so devastating it will bring an end to this world on winter solstice 12-21-12.
I did the animation myself.
Beer?
Honey, I created them.
Can I remind you what that guy did?
But not this time right, sweetheart?
They trust him.
He's still new to the job.
Introducing the 320 pound muscle machine from the Ukraine... ... and tonight's challenger for the heavy weight world championship of the world.
Now you're laughing, Curtis.
Get the kids ready!
Noah has music at 2 and Lil' has Karate.
Kate listen!
That's good enough for me.
(in total shock) That was amazing, Gordon!
(into the microphone) Thank you ladies and gentlemen.
You have more important things to do now.
You know, your mom and I, we had a hell of a great life... and a hell of a great kid too.
I love you, dad.
Love you too, son.
Get me a double Jack on the rocks.
Where is that god damn map! Easy, easy.
... it's beautiful, kids!
Oh baby!
Stay down darling.
Give me your hand, Lil'.
Thanks for waiting guys.
Laura's never looked at me like that before.
This isn't one of your crazy stories now.
What is in your wisdom for us to do, great Lama... if Lin is right, if our world is indeed coming to an end?
It's full, great Lama.
(in Chinese) Bata! Neng is coming!
We took a trip with the Laem Song ferry once.
Look, the new Bentley.
He's great, isn't he?
What did the man pay for mommy?
Why did you give up?
I wanted to thank you.
Do you love him?
I love him enough.
You guys would get along really well.
I promise.
Listen up guys!
You're doing great.
I should have listened to you, Dr. Silberman.
You're better off without him.
Ready sir.
I am a follower of the great Lama Yak La.
Please.
Thank you ma'am.
Thank you so much.
Mother, give me your hand.
Caesar darling!
Get in! Come to mommy!
The United Kingdom, Spain, France and Germany, and I believe I can also speak for the Italian Prime Minister... ... We vote to open the gates.
Noah! Watch out!
I'll meet them at the Hydraulic Chamber.
Your daughter is with me.
I'm alright Mom!
Whatever you did, jammed the hydraulics.
You stay with Mommy.
Noah! Mom, we did it!
Can we pet him?
He's fine, son.
Young guys like you with your idealistic dreams, you think you can change the world...
I just pray to God, that you keep on making the right calls... in this new world of ours.
There was no white kid better than you.
I finally finished your book Jackson.
Listen, boy.
Good Gott .
On the carton is a picture of a smiling cow.
Well, they should start.
These honors classes... they aren't as easy as I thought they'd be.
Well, fine, but now is not the time to slack off.
It's a nice thing to do, but it's not helping our school work a bit.
Please.
He was fine before and he'll be fine after.
There's nothing wrong with wanting to help people, but you gotta make sure you got yourself squared away first.
All right, so finish your story, because I'm still not clear.
Then a young, bright soldier, I shall never forget his enthusiastic smile, pointed to a pair of bulldozers near the Western gate which had been used during construction.
Good night, boy.
Wait, I better pull down the shades, first.
Oh, relax, old man.
Merry Christmas!
Please.
Good Gott .
The good schools won't know what to make of him.
I have a great deal of experience in these matters, Mr. Bowden.
Good.
Boy, it was the best I could do without arousing suspicion.
To our lives together, the beginning... and the end.
Nice ones, too.
Congratulations.
Congratulations, Todd.
Todd, you really should be proud of yourself.
Thanks.
Todd, you've got a lot of good things going on right now.
You should be enjoying yourself.
But they're doing a lot better.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Long Beach.
You better speak to him.
Gee, that sounds exciting, Mr. Denker, but I was studying for my trig final -- I understand that you cannot talk, but you can listen.
Now we see what you are made of, boy.
That's why he sounded excited.
Thank God.
Second, no third, drawer... from the top.
From a friend.
It's a good thing you called when you did.
You saved his life.
I'll be back in the morning with the girls.
Thank you.
I enjoy his company.
A pleasure, Arthur.
...Please.
Well, I better go.
It's good to finally meet you.
Dick Bowden, nice to meet you.
(to Dick) It was nice meeting you.
Thy sacred emblems to partake - Thy consecrated bread to take And thine immortal wine!
And now it gives me great pleasure to introduce a young man who's academic achievement at this institution stands as testament to the power of hard work and determination.
But now, so early in our lives, it seems that all we should ask for is to be at peace with the world, because only then can we be at peace with ourselves.
You boys better come down to the cellar.
The challenge now, as we stand at the doorway to adulthood, is to channel our abilities into our goals.
We forge our own paths.
Our education is but a stepping stone to the world.
We now begin to see the road ahead.
Mom, I don't feel so good.
Don't you want to see your buddies?
I met him at the movies.
Mr. Denker... Dussander... got really excited at one point.
Mr. French, what brings you to the wild side of town?
Please.
You got a tip.
That's the beauty of my job, Crystal.
I am so happy you did that.
I've got an open bond, but your thing sounds like more fun.
It's five grand to bring her back by 9am, Xmas day.
(beat) On Xmas.
You're a good listener.
I love you!
You're the best friend a guy could ever have!
Easy as pie.
Nice dog.
Whoops.
`Allo, love.
Whoops.
Hilarious.
Get the word out, I want this guy brought here so he can pay what he owes us, Dwight can break something of his, and we can all enjoy our Xmas.
Happy to see you, too.
That's why I'm so good at it.
Help me with this.
Listen to me, Milo: Cassidy may be a strong independent woman on the outside, but on the inside she's just a girl who wants to be protected and loved by her man.
LOIS (cont'd) I must admit, it makes me proud to think that my little girl, whose only friend growing up was an imaginary orphan with a tin leg named Leslie, now gets invited to tour the White House...
Thanks.
I'm on the beach building a sand castle and drinking from a coconut... Hello, Cass.
Fancy meeting you here.
Fancy that.
Nice day.
Congratulations.
I'll give you 10.
I enjoy sleeping on the floor.
I love everything about my life.
Great job, good friends, hot girlfriend...
(the first name that pops into his head:) Teresa.
Rocking hot body.
Well, my life is great, too.
You and Stewart make a great couple, by the way.
Seeing as how I'm about to come into five grand...
Please.
Damn, I'm good!
Merry Xmas, Mr Boyd!
What a nice surprise!
Sure, if there's such a thing as better than great, which is how my luck has been lately.
Great.
Dealer wins.
Nice going, master.
What are we celebrating?
Cheers.
Make it quick.
Night-night.
You better run.
Merry Xmas.
Ha ha.
Milo! Merry Xmas! Here's one: why did the snowman pull down his pants?
Funny.
Great.
I said you're doing a great job.
(shouting after him) But...it's my story!
(calling after him) Merry Xmas to you, too!
You're an angel.
Be still my beating heart.
What a lovely surprise.
To celebrate your anniversary!
It's our third anniversary!
Congratulations!
Thanks!
To begin: a little aphrodisiac!
Great.
The secret to our success is that the little woman here knows her place.
It's important, especially when your husband has such a teeny tiny... How is everything?
Is it like that magical night 3 years ago?
(jumping in) And she said yes, with tears in her eyes and a tremble in her hand, let's get married, and they ran out to the all night chapel and came back an hour later, man and wife!
Make that two.
Hey! Wow.
Helping each other.
Trusting each other.
Ladies first.
I mean, I just don't get it, you're in this romantic place, you have a perfect opportunity to win him back... Why should I have to win him back?
Good shower?
Karma, babe.
Probably more fun to sit where you can actually see the dancers, but... Oh.
She keeps their wedding photo in her wallet.
It means she's madly in love with you.
Oh. (surprised) Thanks.
Whoops.
Better hurry.
(listening) On the boardwalk?
Great.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Great tip.
(calling after them, Thanks for the ride, by the way.
Ok, look, you guys better come to me, I'll protect you til we figure this out.
You guys make a great couple.
What's so funny?
Well... Ok.
That's the spirit.
Well, I...(blurting out) Look, I was confused, I had never been in love before!
You were in love with me?
But...nice job on the article.
For fun.
Nice job.
Thanks.
Well, you were right.
And thank god.
Better she drives him crazy than me.
I love you.
I love you more.
I love you a lot, too.
I love you.
Do the magic!
Do the magic!
This is amazing!
Watch this! FROZEN - J. Lee (goofy voice) Hi, I'm Olaf and I like warm hugs.
I love you, Olaf.
My daughter!
And they're getting stronger.
But don't worry, I'll leave the fun.
Listen to me, Elsa, your power will only grow.
There is beauty in your magic....
See? You're good.... (starting their mantra) Conceal it.
It's getting stronger.
(singing) Elsa?
It's Coronation Day! That's not my fault.
What's the magic word?
Please!
Hey, hey, hey! Share!
FROZEN - J. Lee Oh, thank goodness.
(curtseying) Princess Anna of Arendelle.
Princess...? My Lady.
You're gorgeous.
I'd like to formally apologize for hitting the Princess of Arendelle with my horse...and for every moment after.
The coronation.
I-I-I better go.
Queen Elsa of Arendelle.
(announcing) Queen Elsa of Arendelle.
Princess Anna of Arendelle!
Hi. ...You look beautiful.
Thank you.
You don't look fuller, but more beautiful.
FROZEN - J. Lee Thank you.
And what is that amazing smell?
...Chocolate.
(to Elsa) Your Majesty, as your closest partner in trade, it seems only fitting that I offer you your first dance as queen.
Jump.
Like an agile peacock... CLUCK- Speaking of, so great to have the gates open.
Let me know when you're ready for another round, M'Lady.
Well, he was sprightly.
Are you okay? (loving Elsa's attention) I've never been better.
Glad I caught you.
It's what brothers do.
Marriage...? Yes!
You can if it's true love.
Please.
Long live the Queen!
Queen Elsa.... Come drink with us.
Queen Elsa.
That's right she is... (realizing how that sounds) ...in the best way.
Ooh, that's a rough business to be in right now.
Hoo hoo! Hi, family.
Help me out.
And it's free.
I will add a quart of lutefisk, so we'll have good feelings.
FROZEN - J. Lee "Reindeer(s) are Better than People" (throwing his voice) (speaking) Oh, thanks, Buddy.
(singing, as Kristoff) (As Sven) (As Kristoff) (As Sven) (As Kristoff) Nice duet.
This is fresh lacquer.
Best friend's name?
Look it doesn't matter; it's true love.
Doesn't sound like true love.
But I have friends who are.
You have friends who are love experts.... I'm not buying it.
I never knew winter could be so beautiful.
YEAH...It really is beautiful, isn't it?
But it's so white.
Thank you!
You're welcome.
Woo! Head rush!
I am wonderful!
(seeing his now big nose) Oh, I love it even more!
They're--oh, okay.... (accepting it) Makes things easier for me.
Elsa's this way.
Let's go bring back summer!
(laughing) I'm coming!
There's soup and hot glogg in the Great Hall.
Yes, the love experts!
Ha ha.
Thank goodness.
Thanks!
You stay right here, buddy.
Ice is my life.
Elsa, you look different.... It's a good different....
And this place is amazing.
Hi, I'm Olaf and I like warm hugs.
We were so close.
We can be like that again.
...I'm ready to go.... Two... (pumped up) ...I was BORN ready!
Yes! Calm down.
(happily) Hey.
Hey, you were right.
(to Kristoff) Ooh.
(to Sven, funny voice) Who's my cute little reindeer?
Thank you.
Ah...I'm good.
You should see your hair.
White?
To see my friends.
(catching up) The love experts?
Love experts?! Yes.
Oooh.... That's nice.
Kristoff, they sound wonderful.
Okay then.... Meet my family.
(to the rocks) Hey, guys! (to herself) ...They're rocks.
(Loud and slow to a rock) Hi, Sven's family!
It's nice to meet you! (quietly to Anna) Anna, because I love you, I insist you run.
(to the rock) I understand you're love experts!
There's strange magic here!
Grand Pabbie! Bring her to me, Kristoff.
There is ice in your heart, put there by your sister.
So remove it, Grand Pabbie.
But only an act of true love can thaw a frozen heart.
An act of true love?
(googley, to her hubby) A true love's kiss, perhaps?
Let's go kiss Hans!
(to Sven) Come on, buddy, faster!
I'll meet you guys at the castle!
Ah! It's alive!
It's Princess Anna!
Thank you.
(shivering more) She froze my heart and only an act of true love can save me.
If only there was someone out there who loved you.
You were so desperate for love you were willing to marry me, just like that.
Please.
Hey, watch it.
We're not going back! She's with her true love.
So this is heat.... (considering) I love it.
What happened to your kiss?
I am not leaving here until we find some other act of true love to save you.
...Kristoff loves me?
Please.
There's your act of true love, right there, riding across the fjords like a valiant, pungent reindeer king!
Come on, buddy, faster.
Keep going, Anna! FROZEN - J. Lee Kristoff!
Sven! Good boy.
An act of true love will thaw a frozen heart.
Love.
Oh, Elsa, they're beautiful, but you know I don't ska-- Look out.
I told her I loved her and I begged her not to leave me.
But I thought you loved it.
Good evening, Mr. Keane.
So who's the new potential ex-wife?
Yeah, I know, time's kicked my ass but good.
Give me a hug.
Careful of the cocktail.
Good for you!and you know how bouncer's get.
Sounds fun.
It's a gift.
Thank you, no, I'm fine.
So much for that turned leaf.
Buddy, since we hit town, I have done nothin' but cut you slack! Every week a new woman on your arm and I didn't say a word.
Mommy, Daddy, look, look!
You loved it!
I think you're incredibly lucky.
I'd love to be going to college.
That you're the most beautiful person in the entire world.
I met Ella in the fourth grade.
She taught me how to cook and sew... speak Italian... basically enjoy life, have fun -- that's what she was best at... even when she knew she was dying.
(pause) The most important thing she did was introduce me to poetry.
She believed it was the highest form of art and that everything we say and do should aspire to it.
I'm sure she did the best she could.
I love this stuff!
I have no idea what to do! Have fun!
I work at the Met.
But it was nice to meet you.
To finally deliver that speech to a woman and actually have it apply to her.
At least that's what my yoga teacher says.
Well, he's a wise man.
Thank you so much for taking the time.
Well, well.
Well, aren't they loverly.
(flattered) Who's she?
Just as handsome and charming as ever.
(to herself) Flower the mother; then deflower the daughter.
Wow, it's getting exciting already.
My soul is all but out of me, -- let fall No burning leaf; prithee, let no bird call!"
No, that would be a thing!
That's not a proper birthday present.
(abruptly) Now what I would enjoy is taking you shopping.
At work you should look perfect, but in everyday life you need to delight in disorder more.
It's been a lifelong dream of mine.
So many words in that wonderful head of yours...
Oh no, your boy made it!
But the last time I checked -- No, your business is to smile, make friends, and get rich!
We're having a lot of fun.
We're very happy.
Don't I look just like her? Absolutely incredible.
When do I get to see your costume?
No, I think we make a great couple.
O, Ricky, chill out!
Please?
"We passed the school where children played At wrestling in a ring; We passed the fields of grazing grain, We passed the setting sun."
Sweet dreams?
You know, in my day, you bobbed for the apple, and, sure, maybe there was a nickel inside it and that was sweet -- but you ate the god damn apple!
Right from the start.
At Bailey's Beach.
During the Labor Day clam bake.
Millie was your mom's best friend from Nightingale.
I'll tell you a little secret -- after that, your Mom hated his guts, but your dad never made her smile like he did.
I promise.
Oh, Wills, it's beautiful!
Thank you.
Well, if the food's even half as good as the moldings I'm in for a very special treat.
Uhhh, good evening, Mr. Keane.
Splendid, how are you?
Keep up the good work!
Now why is this so good for me again?! That's just it!
The great spiritual benefit in leaving one's room is that it reminds one of how odious it is to leave one's room!
Mr. Keane -- Good night, Michael.
(off Wills' look) A little surprise for ya.
I saved it.
That's wonderful.
Thanks.
How's your mom? Great.
She moved to Costa Rica last summer.
You know, you're much better looking in person than in photographs.
Thanks.
Thanks.
A friend.
Okay... breath of fire... now inhale deeply... hold the breath... let your heart lotus blossom... feel the energy rise... and exhale.
Good.
Thanks.
You'll sleep and then -- (touching his hand) Shhh.
You still owe me a birthday present.
Your smile.
And she said whoever saves my boy's life... I'll name my next baby after them.
Fair is the place that smells like manure where, if you're real lucky, you win a blue ribbon for your home-made pickles.
Hello, Sunshine!
It's one of the best in the world.
He was so good they kept him on and within three years he was chief of the program.
He's brilliant and has balls the size of your head."
Listen, I'm not gonna bullshit you.
It's the downside of being good at my job.
Good?
Good.
(beat) Did Mister Keane enjoy his trip then?
They say parts of it are quite lovely.
I met with a heart specialist.
It's a good omen.
It's gorgeous.
It's gonna be great.
(continuing) Hey, Sam, relax.
Sam, you'll be fine.
You're great with people.
(continuing) Hey, nice.
That's the car I'm gonna drive when I'm making two hundred grand.
Better pay off your Mustang first.
(in Japanese) Good morning, Gentlemen.
On behalf of Market Security Bank & Trust, I welcome you to our city.
He has no time to dress.
Now just relax and have fun, okay?
Thank you.
See ya.
Saved your life.
I love you.
(he hits the computer like Sam did and laughs) Come on, move over.
I loved it.
Your work's beautiful.
Do you love me, Sam?
Give it to him!
It'd be good to get out.
Them good ol' boys were drinkin' whiskey and rye, and singing this'll be the day that I..."
Give me a couple of days.
Grant us the gift of your all-seeing presence.
But there's no telling about the other world.
Them folks go shopping, they play bingo.
Si, si! His mama.
I pay more.
Thank you, Jesus.
Welcome, Rosa Santiago.
I'm a spiritual reader and adviser.
I did what I promised.
Please.
Kiss my behind!
Thank God.
God, I love her.
How intimate?
I've got important things to do.
How do you like that?
You're doing great.
You're holdin' on to a life that don't want you no more.
Give it up.
Give it up?
I can't see too good.
Mother of God, what've you done to your hair!? Orlando, do you like it?
Can I help you?
Thanks.
That's great.
I'm here for the fun of it.
You spent time with him and his wife Shirley at the Brewster's Christmas party last year.
We were together at the Brewster's Christmas party.
They had that lovely tree... all those presents.
This'll be easy.
Nice of you to ask.
Well, isn't that wonderful.
(impressed) That was a wonderful tip.
"Good old Randy".
Good old Randy.
Well... well.
Well... wonderful.
Thanks.
Bless you, child.
I'm proud of you.
I think you're wonderful, Oda Mae.
(he smiles) They'll kill you for this, Carl.
Listen, lady, I'm going as fast as I can.
Thank you Sergeant.
I love you so much.
(smiling) Simon.
I'm a very lucky woman.
Women and the space program have come a long way, sweetheart.
I think you're in love with that shuttle, not with me.
I promise.
(handing him a bag) Thanks.
I can do it for you here if you like.
It's funny how fate can make heroes out of cowards.
(to first peasant) Traficante de drugas o communista?
(pleading) Traficante de drugas, traficante de drugas!
What are we going to do?! Calm down.
My God! They're launching the ZR-2300.
We finally made it, Ma.
A whole new life.
Where the soil is rich.
Where men are free to realize their true potential.
Can I help you?
Thank you!!
I'll meet you on board.
I'm so excited, Simon.
No, I've been excited before.
Come on, sweetheart.
(with drawings) Good, good, no, no, good.
There's nothing wrong with me! Let's relax tonight, just the two of us.
You don't have to thank me, I'm a nurse.
Not Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist?
Elaine, what happened to us? Ted, I loved you and I'll always love you.
He's a good provider.
I'll meet you on board.
The Doc says you gotta relax.
This hospital in Des Moines is the best sex clinic in the country.
Welcome aboard, sir.
Good to be aboard, gentlemen.
Thank you.
Ya, Sven.
(reading from a book like Richard Burton) The fog, the fog, the torment clouded my mind.
(to Stella and father) Welcome aboard.
Isn't that Dr. Barrington, the world renowned agronomist?
(to Joe Salucci) Welcome aboard.
Wonderful!
A couple eggs and juice would be nice, Mary.
We were in love but I'm not sure I know what love is anymore.
Love changes on its own.
But that's only when the love itself goes unchanged.
Then the relationship remains the same and the love changes only when there's change in the two people who share that love.
We really were in love.
Well, we laughed.
We laughed when times were good.
But most of all, we laughed when we felt closest to each other.
You better take this.
Ted, I want you to relax.
Striker, listen to me!
Now, let's not get too excited.
We're also out of coffee.
McCROSKY Get me a cup of coffee, mister.
Yes, sir! Welcome home, sir! (approaching McCrosky) Here are the navigational charts, sir.
McCROSKY Thanks.
First the earth cooled.
Listen to me, Ted.
He's finally come to terms with his own psychosis.
Now I'm going to need fresh sheets, gauze, Q-tips, and all the vaseline you have on board!
Can I help?
Thank you.
That makes me feel so much better.
(handing him back his leg) You'll be fine.
McCROSKY (on radio) We read you, Mayflower!
McCROSKY (V.O.) Come in! Over! Come in! Over!
I love you, Ted.
What the hell's going on up there?! (smiling lovingly) Ted, this reminds me of twenty years ago over Chicago.
Now that's more like it.
(waving his hand in the air) Me! Me! Me!
McCROSKY He falls in love with this poor school teacher who... (to McCrosky) Sir, we've restored radio transmission.
McCROSKY Good.
McCROSKY Let's keep cool.
McCROSKY Keep calm.
McCROSKY (spitting out coffee, Danny Thomas style) Jesus!! I'll be right back! Ted, we've only got ten minutes.
You played God with over a hundred lives, Kruger, and for what -- the prestige of your precious space program.
I just want you to know, I love you Ted and always will.
Mr. Salucci, listen to me.
The sun will heat that thing to over 450 degrees within seconds.
You better strap yourself in, Testa.
That is... Until that day over Chicago.
Keep reading. is important.
(reading, disapproving) Hathaway's married now?
Who gives a rat's ass what she was reading-- the festival deadline's in one week -- my movie's gotta be great!
Yeah, but it's not a st-- thank you for that-- it's not a story yet.
Older kids enter this film festival -- I'm competing with fifteen- and sixteen-year-olds, who have better stories and cars and production value, I've got nothing!
Benji, it's time for dinner.
Hey, Goodnight, Mrs. Kaznyk-- Grab a seat, we have lots of food.
Thank you.
I have nothing against your friends.
Thanks.
You can trust me.
New Castle, Pennsylvania.
Guys, this is going to be great.
Please.
Mackinac Island's beautiful this time of year.
I love you too... Was that okay?
-- uh, that was... I'm... that-- yeah, good.
PRODUCTION VALUE!!! Is there film in the camera?! -- I didn't put it in-- PUT IT IN!!! PUT IT IN!!! Joe, get the mike ready.
Martin, you know you lines, right?! IS THE FILM IN THE I love how calm he is.
You ready?! And... ACTION!
Mackinac Island's beautiful this time of year.
I love you too!! Run! Alice!
Mom, come on!
Yeah, I thought she was good.
But that was before the new pages, right?
Lamb.
So good!
Keep going.
You heard what the Old Man said, we can't talk about this! (to waitress, with coffee) -- thank you, very much.
Funny, Chompers, at least I don't use a booster seat.
You're a good deputy.
And give your son a hug.
Hey Breen, I'm not sure Edie's paying you to listen to the radio.
We have good people working on that.
And so it my daughter.
Thank you so much for the information.
I will not allow you spending time with her, doing projects or whatever it is that you're doing.
I helped you!
I asked Charles about you, and he said you're a great guy-- I totally am.
We're gonna learn everything we can about that thing so we can find it.
You dorks are alive!
Hop in, man!
What are those sounds?
Oh, Kathy's cool. in a war zone!
I'm not staying with the girls!
You're alive!
What are you doing here?! I'm just-- doing the best I can to save you.
I'll give you this, Al, you make good coffee.
Red roses.
Fine, Bobo.
This is a good suit.
Thanks.
Have a nice night.
The girl I married.
(Translated: I love you.)
Him? He's a big baby.
When he smiles I can't see his teeth.
So you'll come to the wedding, right?
Do you love him, Loretta?
He's a sweet man.
Father of the bride pays.
You're rich as Roosevelt.
Call him, make him come to the wedding.
Nothing can replace your family.
Listen, Johnny.
And don't stand directly under the sun.
Cammareri's Bake Shop.
I'm going to marry him.
They say bread is life.
And the years go by! By! By!
I met a man.
I loved him.
I'm telling you your life!
I am looking where I should to become a bride!
Take everything, leave nothing for him to marry!
I'm marrying your brother!
You're invited to the wedding!
You ruint my life!
Oh yes, oh yes you did! You've got those bad eyes like a gypsy!
I'm gonna marry him!
I'm in love with you!
You won't come to the wedding.
I'll come to the wedding.
I love two things.
I love you, and I love the Opera.
If I can have the two things that I love together for one night, I will be satisfied to give up the rest of my life.
Meet me at the Met.
Where's the Met? Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.
I absolve you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, Amen.
Thanks.
Cosmo drank five glasses of wine at dinner.
You look beautiful.
(qrudgingly) You look good.
Thank you.
(he smiles) Come on, let's go in.
Thank you!
For your beautiful dress.
I got a table for you right now.
Enjoy your meal.
Good evening Mrs. Castorini.
Too young!
You're engaged!
You're my daughter.
My God, it's a mansion!
Good night.
Good night.
Can I kiss you on the cheek, too?
I'm freezing Good night.
You tell me my life?
(nothing) A person can see where they've messed up in their life, and they can change how they do things, and they can change their Luck.
Thank you, Rose.
You're welcome.
Then tell her I'll come by in the morning.
Your hair's different.
It was a miracle.
A miracle?
He's coming back this morning.
Good!
(Shakes her hand) Nice to meet you.
Good.
His brother.
(taking and shaking his hand) Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Good.
Have you come to make peace with me?
It was a miracle!
I have no secrets from my family.
We're engaged.
The engagement's off.
In time, you will see that this is the best thing.
Thanks.
Do you love him, Loretta?
How do you deal with that?
Psychic healing!
TITLES READ "Kuwait City, Kuwait, Spring 2003."
They laugh.
Bob sits drinking more coffee.
Gus has a sun-bed tan and odd hair.
They were green.
In the eighties I was trained at Fort Bragg in a secret initiative code-named Project Jedi.
The objective of the project was to create Super Soldiers.
We were the first generation of the New Earth Army.
Also if I'm listening to classic rock music.
Well...yeah, that was the goal.
This is amazing stuff.
No, but see, I've been looking for a story Lyn.
Their gentleness is their strength.
How could love and peace help win wars?
We find an uncomfortable Bill in one tub filled with EMBRACING HIPPY MEN.
They run in an odd way - prancing like horses, their eyes closed, arms raised, smiling ecstatically.
TITLES READ Beyond Jogging Movement, Stockton.
One of the group runs into a tree.
TITLES READ Higher Essence Colonic Irrigation Therapy, Monterey.
TITLES READ The Whole Man Movement - Auburn.
Bill smiles nervously.
He smiles nervously.
He looks up, watches Lyn.
Lyn watches him.
And it looks a bit funny.
Lyn stares at the blob fondly.
What's cool about it is that you could see this lying on the ground and you'd never know it had such lethality.
We drove into a rock.
Smiling, the Iraqi gestures to the back of the pick-up.
Thank you!
The two Young Men smile in a friendly fashion.
One of the Young Men nods, smiling.
They laugh.
Great.
(smile fading) Lyn?
From next door comes the faint sound of a period song playing.
From the next room we hear the Young Iraqis start to sing along to the track, laughing.
Lyn listens.
But you will go on to move the hearts and minds of millions.
When I saw you'd drawn it...well, the Universe gives me a sign like that, I don't ignore it.
You can dance.
Well, I'm your commanding officer Lyn, and I'm ordering you to let the dance out!
DANCE!
And it's true - he CAN dance.
(with approval) Welcome to the Heroes Journey Lyn.
Lyn smiles shyly.
Bring your own coffee.
The Jedis stand watching a JEEP driving down a course marked out on the field.
I salute you.
Bill leads the Jedis in another dancing session - rock music blasting - the men dancing in a variety of nerdish and demented ways.
We find Lyn dancing in blissful, idiotic abandonment.
After years of feeling like an oddball Lyn had finally found a home.
These were Golden Days for Lyn.
There was something so noble and pure in Bill's vision that the Jedis felt themselves inspired to be more than soldiers.
A BUTTERFLY lands on Lyn's outstretched hand.
He watches it with a gentle smile.
For the first time in his life Lyn felt truly happy.
The Butterfly flits away and lands on an APPLE in the tree overhead.
Then into the garden a serpent did come.
He turns back to find the FORK in his hand BENT DOUBLE.
Other guests laugh and applaud.
A WEDDING CELEBRATION is in progress.
SCOTTY MERCER - one of the JEDI RECRUITS - is dancing, beaming with his new BRIDE.
Guests - Lyn and the other Jedis amongst them - stand watching, clapping and cheering, a boisterous atmosphere of bonhomie.
Right from the start he had made himself unpopular with the other Jedis.
Scotty and his wife are walking off the dance floor.
Congratulations Scotty.
Scotty, Larry and Lyn sit focusing on a wall of SMALL WOODEN CUPBOARDS.
This is Larry's Spirit Guide, Maud.
I'm looking into the cupboard now and I'm seeing...I'm seeing...a tin mug?
We're here to help you!
This trumpet music blasting out.
Right now, I'm in the Quality of Life business.
Nixon nods, smiling, pleased with the line.
He raises both his hands.
You can use a wrist-watch in conjunction with the sun.
Well...use your watch.
Oh for the love of...Here... What?
I don't need a watch.
The Quivering Palm.
It's like this legendary, martial arts move.
There's a story that Wong Wifu, great Chinese martial artist, had a fight with some guy and had him beat when the guy gave him this light tap, and Wong looked at him and the guy just nodded.
Excellent.
Project Achilles.
(Watching him) God, I love these things... (Lyrics from chosen song.)
Mother Earth, my life support system.
I salute you.
Good evening sir.
Keep going.
Like all Shaman they returned to the sky.
I was ready for whatever they would do to me.
I was ready to disappear.
Some prisoners are being forced to listen to Barney the Purple Dinosaur sing the I Love You song.
Yeah, he's really got his thing together.
(to customers) Nice rappin' with you guys.
Hey, man, congratulations!
(warming to this) Yeah, man.
We're still gonna go bowling on Tuesdays, play cards on Fridays and wear women's clothes on Sunday night.
I love you guys...
(excited) Debbie...
I'm so excited.
It's sooo great...
He's not gonna be happy.
But if he makes you happy, you go right ahead.
I want you to be happy, Deb.
Be happy, Deb.
Be oh, so very, very happy.
Go be happy and smile a lot, Deb.
'Bye... be happy.
The marriage is off.
Rick, marriage will be good for you.
True, you're a lot handsomer now.
(continuing) I'm so happy for you.
I'd love that.
(sitting on his anger) Good.
You have to dress for success.
Second, your outlook on life... I'm using the same caterer for the shower I had for our Christmas party last year.
Great, Mom.
What do you think they do at these parties, have tea and play scrabble?
Good to see you, Mrs. Thomerson.
Much the way Hitler enjoyed hanging out with Mussolini.
Nice shot.
Thank you, sir.
The wedding, my parents, your family, our friends, my job, the future, our relationship, the caterers, my gown, your tuxedo, our honeymoon, the apartment, my shower, your bachelor party...
I love you... I'm a great guy... (yawning) In two days you're gonna be Mrs.
Great Guy.
Yeah, man, he's got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks.
God, I love you guys.
(continuing) This makes me so happy.
It's really a beautiful planet.
I love you, Rick.
I love you guys.
I love everybody.
I love you guys.
I love my friends.
Hi, Debbie, congratulations.
Well... twenty-four more hours to go and tonight we'll share with our friends and loved ones the joys of those last moments of singleness.
You better not have too much joy.
(whooping it up) Going to the chapel of love.
Going to the chapel of love.
Did I promise that?
Okay, I promise...
Have a good time.
Have a fun shower.
I love you.
When do the girls get to the party?
So we want your best girls, the cream of your crop.
Everything's cool...
(starts to giggle) 1004, 1003... (spots the room) Aha! 1002.
I'm good at it.
A bit of a warm-up.
(to Chulo) Denmark makes great Nautilus equipment.
The colors are sooo beautiful.
(to O'Neill) Guy paints a beautiful picture.
(mock excitement) Ooh, be still, my heart.
My new Porsche.
Very nice... (his voice tells us he has something in mind) Isn't that a great car, Chulo?
Great car.
I love that car.
I'll trade you my Porsche for Debbie.
I'll give you girls.
C'mon, Mother, it'll be fun.
(it's obvious he has something in mind) While we're waiting for Gar, why don't we all go for a little fresh air.
Be good for you.
My pleasure, Al... Always happy to help out in a pinch... (looking around) Excuse me.
Congratulations on your daughter's wedding.
(at a loss for words) Well... hope she'll be very happy.
I love his attitude.
(continuing) Looks good.
Ladies... come here.
Well, two can play that game.
Hey, man, your car's looking good.
My gift to you.
The best table in the house.
Oh, gee... Boys, good evening to you.
Father Falwell, good evening.
Father... Oh, yes... yes... yesssss... Oh, yesssssss!
Well, nice seeing you both.
Thank you.
The guest of honor should be first.
Give me the will to live.
(continuing; points to her) You! Mine! (to O'Neill) Chulo's got such a nice, light touch with women.
She's wonderful.
(trying to joke his way out of it) Get a few drinks into me, we'll dance and see what happens.
I have a friend, Tracey.
She loves to please.
I love Debbie.
I'm proud of you, lad.
(to new arrow) How 'bout this?
We better put Cochise out of business.
You look beautiful.
You're an angel...
Can I help you, ladies?
Let's get out of here, girls.
(keeping it a surprise) Oh... it's... er... the guys from the beer convention.
We're bringing them to the party.
Great.
For your viewing pleasure, meet Mike the Magical Sexual Mule.
C'mon, Mike... Come to Mama.
(excited) Hey, you guys, I'm getting married.
Rick! (recognizing the voice) Oh, no! Christ... it's Mr. Laughs.
Don't ruin my life.
Please!
Good.
I'm saved.
Let's party!
Why don't we go home and give our private parts a workout?
I've seen better.
(to Ryko) Hey, man, don't forget my bachelor party's next Friday night.
Sue! Hi, honey.
I love you more than cheese.
And I love cheese a lot.
I love dairy.
My love is cream.
"Flintstones, meet the Flintstones They're a prehistoric family From the town of Bedrock They're a page right out of history..." The Court gave you justice.
But your daughter is still alive.
America has been good to me... Then take the justice from the judge, the bitter with the sweet, Bonasera.
Good.
Paulie...wine...WINE.
What are you, a dance judge?
Buddy, this is a private party.
He's a good lawyer.
Don Corleone... (with difficulty) Don Corleone...I am honored, and grateful...that you invited me to your home...on the wedding day of your...daughter.
Thank you, Luca, my most valued friend.
I'm sure it's the most generous gift today.
Also, some of the Judges...they've all sent gifts.
Also he has an American wife and three children and he is a good family man.
Consiglero, do you also have in your notes the the Turk made his living from Prostitution before the war, like the Tattaglias do now.
No. Let the people enjoy him.
He is a good godson.
Just a month ago he bought the movie rights to this book, a best seller.
And spend time with your family.
For five years I had this girl under training; singing lessons!
That girl was beautiful and young and innocent and she was the greatest piece of ass I've ever ad and I've had them all over the world.
Then Johnny comes along with that olive oil voice and guinea charm and she runs off.
A MAN IN My business is heroin, I have poppy fields, laboratories in Narseilles and Sicily, ready to go into production.
Be my friend.
My compliments.
No...how a man makes his living is none of my business.
They speak when they should listen.
It was announced this morning.
Send Johnny my congratulations.
And what do you want for Christmas?
We'll have a quiet, civil ceremony at the City Hall, no big fuss, no family, just a couple of friends as witnesses.
I have a call from New Hampshire.
Yeah... listen, we haven't left yet.
Everyone's going to be out at Long Beach, right?
(going) Paulie's a good kid.
You have to make the peace between me and Santino.
Talk to Sonny, talk to the Caporegimes, Clemenza and Tessio...it's good business.
Thanks.
How's Mom? Good.
Is he that good?
(pause) I love you.
Huh? Tell me you love me.
I'll see you tonight, OK? (click) How come you don't tell that nice girl you love her...here, learn something... you may have to feed fifty guys some day.
Don't worry about nothing; you'd be surprised how good these things go.
Good food.
Everybody minds their business.
I'm glad you came, Mike.
He's a good kid.
He's clean.
Is the Italian food good here?
(using English for emphasis) Most important...I want a sure guarantee that no more attempts will be made on my father's life.
Clean it up!
The baby!
Mama...mama, it's Connie.
Good.
Well my friend, are you ready to do me this service?
Especially those of you who have traveled from such distances as California, St. Louis, Kansas City; and New Orleans... Ah well, let's get down to business.
Let there be a peace... (he gestures expressively, submissively, with his hands) That is all I want... Don Corleone is too modest.
His refusal is not the act of a friend.
My friends, I didn't refuse out of malice.
With your permission and under the supervision of your family.
(formally) Come Sunday morning: My name is Vitelli and my house is up there on the hill, above the village.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday...See, I learned it.
Calo is having a cup of coffee in the kitchen.
A family? (pained) No.
He had business at the hotel, but he'll drop in for dinner.
You look good, too.
If you have his permission, you have my good will.
Carlo, I'm counting on you to make the move to Nevada; you'll be my right-hand man out there.
Forgive me, Godfather, let our years of friendship be my excuse.
How can you hope for success there without your strength here to back you up?
The two go hand in hand.
And with you gone from here the Barzini and the Tattaglias will be too strong for us.
He had a good heart but he wasn't the right man to head the family when I had my misfortune.
Because I was the only person in the world that he truly hoped would not kill him.
Barzini will move against you first.
Your wife and children...you're happy with them?
Good.
(whispered) He's in the back drinkin' his wine.
No, your punishment is that you're out of the family business.
(softly) Good, good.
(smiles) Speak your mind.
Michael! (comforting) Connie...
But he didn't dare while my father was alive.
You're such a baby.
There she is, in the rocking chair.
(kisses Grammoo on forehead) Did I tell you, he was my woodshop teacher.
That's really cool.
They come in all sizes honey, just like shoes.
Is it for a child?
Sweetheart, did they bring Mr. Layton to your house today?
I don't wanna talk to a teacher, it's summer!
Mademoiselle Sultenfuss and the amazing Dr. J! How's the summer treating you?
Yes, and now I'm reading War & Peace for fun.
(Vada's expression relaxes, she smiles) How are you gonna get the money for this old house if you're not working?
Well I'm gonna teach creative writing this summer, so, I'm doing some work.
Don't pee on the hydrant!! (song is "Wedding Bell Blues") Excuse me Harry, I finished Mr. Layton's hair.
(together) Vada and Thomas, sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S- I-N-G, first comes love, then comes marriage, then comes Thomas J in a baby carriage.
She only wants to do it because her sweetie pie's the teacher.
It's for school, for summer writing class.
Dad? (referring to TV) I love this guy!
(he laughs) Dad?? What?
(surprised at Vada and Thomas J's eagerness to get inside) Woah! Gosh! Wow, this is the coolest thing, like you really eat and sleep here?
Here, cheers.
Hmmmph gurgle gurgle... Hey, where are all the cookies?? Well, I guess you found my secret hiding place.
What are you saving for?
That was written by a Chinese Philosopher in the year 600.
Vada that's... It's very sweet, and it rhymes and that's also good but, you're not expressing to me what's in your soul.
(sung, to Grammoo) Can not do without, Harry's wild about me.
Thanks, listen I wanna apologize for the other day downstairs, about Vada, I was a little harsh.
(hanging from tree) I'm gonna be an acrobat when I grow up.
Oh no! (he jumps down from the tree) Hurry!
Oh it's good, "In lieu of" I love that word lieu.
(Shelly turns the newspaper over) Movies, movies, ahhhh, "Love Story" at the drive in, I cried my eyes out, did you see it?
I love going to movies, especially at the drive in.
I do enjoy playing bingo, if you'd like to join me for a game tomorrow night at church you're welcome to.
Now, first we blot.
You've got these great big sparkling eyes, the cutest little nose, an amazing mouth.
Close your eyes, I wanna bring out the gorgeous color in them.
It's a phrenology chart, they used to study the bumps in your head to see if you had a good personality or not.
Come on, it's fun.
Hmmmm, interesting.
Oh yes, oh that's great.
Oh she's picking you up, good you're on the right track.
Goodnight Vada.
Duck! (in the distance, as a number is announced) Oh great!
I had a good time tonight.
Home sweet home.
I brought the baby into the room a couple of times, she opened her eyes, yeah, yeah I think she saw Vada.
Dance with me?
Good.
Good at kissing, and dancing, I'm very optimistic.
Goodnight Shelly.
Ooooh that's really cool.
Everybody hold hands, and close your eyes.
Relax your muscles and take deep breaths.
So right on, that's exactly what I sent out, and I felt like, you were full of inner peace and harmony.
I'm looking forward to that.
Are they ready yet?
Rub a dub dub, thanks for the grub, yay God.
(laughing) That's attractive.
Keep your voice down!
Uhh, it's nice to meet ya.
It's where she lives!! Oh really, okay fine look, go cook, (to Shelly) Gimme the goddam keys.
(quiet voice, to Vada) Your father is a savage.
He likes her.
Do you like her? Yes I do, and I think she's very good for your father.
My Dad was funny?
Well he wasn't one of the Marx brothers, but he made me laugh.
Cool, can I get one for Vada?
Oh yes, yes.
I think Vada's very lucky to have a friend like you.
She's my best friend.
They're alive!! Run for your life!!! Run faster they're after us!!
I am running faster!! Hurry!!! Jump in the water!!
So Vada, what's your favorite ride?
Well, I'm no doctor.
I won, I won!!! Oh great!! Hooray, we have a winner, (picks up fish in plastic bag) There you go little girl.
(gives fish to Vada) See how easy it is folks!
Oh Vada, that's a gorgeous goldfish.
Vada we have some good news, Shelly and I are getting married.
Oh my fish!!! We're having the wedding sometime near the end of the summer.
Oh great Vada, come on... (to the attendant) Uhh, two.
Have fun kids.
No, you can't, they have enough kids, you'll have to live with the Partridge Family.
Wow, was it a decoder ring?
He likes her better than me.
My Mommy and Daddy did THAT?
And don't come back for five to seven days!!! Grammoo, I'm going to the bathroom, i'll be right back.
So santa-macho, I got a little story you oughtta know, we're comin' my friend, to the end of a brief episode, so make it one for my baby and one more for the road.
(they kiss their arms for a while) Okay, enough practice.
(as he finds the mood ring) Yes! (reacting to the bees) Ow, ahh, NO!, Get away!!! Hi Vada.
Is that the fish you won at the carnival?
Thank you.
Thank you Arthur.
We are here to honor Thomas James Sennett.
Mr. Bixler, (emotional pause) I love you.
I love you like my Dad loves Shelly.
I'm gonna be an acrobat when I grow up.
Oh boy did she love to laugh.
You're a good girl, and I want you to be happy; don't be an old grump like me.
(Vada puts the photo back under her pillow, Harry gets up and kisses her) Seeya in the morning.
Oh she's doing much better.
(she runs and gives her a hug) Vada.
You were such a good friend to him, I hope you'll still come by and visit me.
I will, I promise.
Thank you Vada.
(reading from book) Encased in talent, like a uniform, the rank of every poet, is well known.
We'd love to hear it.
One of them comes up beside the bed and plants a big kiss on CHEV'S unconscious head.
Have a nice death... Finally the CAMERA reverses to reveal CHEV'S slack-jawed 6 face, staring at the TV.
CHEV is in his late 20s, handsome in an offhanded way.
The OPENING TITLES play over the following:) Finding a drunken man's strength, CHEV flips out.
(out of his mind) Where's Verona!! (flipping out) It's cool it's cool it's cool!
HEV starts to chill out.
Thank you.
Now what can I do to help you?
That's good.
He moves out into the hallway, eyes wild.
eah, whatever.
(partially to himself) The flow of adrenaline is keeping you alive.
Well, that's a start.
Keep yourself pumped up.
Yo! Right here!
Incense, Koran on the dash, and Farsi music over the radio.
Make a right.
Thank you.
EXTREME CU of a Fuente Fuente Opus X cigar, rich tendril of smoke curling through the air.
As the hand holding the cigar brings it up for a drag the CAMERA pulls back, revealing CARLITO, an imposing 6'1", 225 lb.
I'm surprised to see you.
In a series of BLACK AND WHITE STILLS we see ALEX, the massive dude we saw in the background on VERONA's tape, exiting a taxi and walking into CHARLIE O'S - a big New York style 40's-era steak and cocktail joint right in the heart of downtown L.A. Interesting.
Meet me on 3rd and Flower.
The MAIRTRE'D has the phone in his hands, ready to dial the cops, but ALEX motions to him to chill.
Give me that.
He rubs his arm, feeling for a nice vein, squirts a few drops from the tip of the needle and pops the thing right in ... pushes the plunger ALL THE WAY, plucks it out and tosses it in the corner.
CHEV is hoofing it like FORREST GUMP on SPEEDBALL.
(sincere) You're a good kid, Chev.
(over network graphic) We now return you to "Dr.
EVERYBODY'S TALKING" by Harry Nilsson BEGINS.
(calling back) Great, great ... OUND: a stomach churning SEAR AND SIZZLE.
She starts to dig through her purse for her keys.
An equally tiny VIETNAMESE WOMAN brings them menus.
Congratulations.
(laughing) Nice.
(taking them) Cool.
Welcome to my life.
Come on, let's finish what you started.
He looks up at her, eyes wild.
CHOCOLATE is kicking back on a worn, brown imitation leather sofa in the background, watching TV.
MONTAGE TO MUSIC: more of L.A. at 3 f.p.s. - the traffic flowing, trains zapping by, commuters commuting, everything at a thousand miles an hour.
It's going to be alright, baby.
Do you promise?
I promise.
The MUSIC is replaced by the SOUND of CHEV'S labored BREATHING and HEARTBEAT.
What... you... he... Presto.
Present from Kaylo.
You were right about me ... funny, you really have time to reflect on things when you know you're going to die ... seems like all my life I've just been going, going, going ... I wish I'd taken more time to stop and smell the roses, so to speak, but well, I guess it's too late now... you were the greatest, baby.
Drinking beers, beers, beers, rolling fatties, smoking blunts!
Written by God Herself and handed down to the world's greatest band--the motherfucking Time.
I'm a smooth pimp who loves the pussy, and Tubby here's my black manservant!
Jay said you had a Star-Wars--themed wedding and you guys tied the knot dressed like storm troopers.
The honeymoon's over.
Well, do unto others.
I live my life by it.
I've dedicated my life to it.
You live by the Book, too?
It's a lot easier to say you live by the Book than to actually do it.
Zoinks, yo And now we can finally solve the mystery of the Hitchhiking Ghouls!
Great.
Love, Jay and Silent Bob.
It's nice to meet you.
That's a nice name.
Your friends, hunh?
So what's the deal here?
See if he thinks it's a good idea to whip your dick out.
No, we're cool, thanks hon.
She's got a nice voice, too.
Then how about you help me take the edge off? (to Customers) They're really good friends.
(laughing) Okay.
Nah, it's cool, hon.
Awesome.
(to Justice) So--can I get a little kiss for good luck?
Hey, Lover-girl.
Time to shine.
Listen up, ladies and gentlemen!
(to Dante) I told you that restraining order was a good idea.
They were really sweet.
An orangutan's a member of the great ape family.
I'd like to offer a big gay thank- you, sir.
Oh, that's it honey.
Sweet- ass rock.
But you touched a brother's heart, so I'm gonna help you out with some directions to the studio.
Jules, word has it that Ben Affleck and Matt Damon are on the lot, shooting a super-secret project.
(claps it and rushes off) Action!
The market research suggest that people love monkeys.
(off Suzanne) Hey! They've got a monkey!
Joey, man! She's too fine!
He's so cute-- (to Suzanne) C'mere.
Great work, sirs!
(smiling) You remembered.
(beat; smiles) Bring it on.
Well this isn't fair!
What's up baby?
You look good!
Fine--I'll give you two-thirds of what I made!
Truce?
Can I help you?
Ma'am, Does-- (reading of paper) William Dusky live here?
(chuckling) Yeah.
Why can't Hollywood ever make a decent comic book movie?
Yeah, sis--but it was better than Mallrats.
Thanks.
That's right, you sonovabitch!
The Bureau already has the best lab.
A second family behind a birthday cake at a table.
Then he puts them down and looks along the beach.
MOLLY -- suntanned, blonde and sensuous at thirty stands watching the two men, her hand on her hip.
inside, the house must' have been pleasantly cool to him.
There's a wicker dog bed on the back porch.
(beat) I love you... Mmmmh...
I love you, too, Will.
Good night.
Mrs. Leeds was lovely, wasn't she?
You said the guy down here is good.
He is good.
Mrs. Leeds was a good-looking woman.
'Intimate.'
I'LL look green at breakfast.
Go to bed now, baby.
.. I love you... Dr. Bloom called me yesterday, Mr. Graham.
Thank you.
(pause) I'm glad you came.
Dr. Bloom showed me your article on surgical addiction in the journal of Clinical Psychiatry.
And? Very interesting, even to a layman.
Interesting term.
(smiles) (laughs) (laugh;) (beat) You'll get to see the file on this case.
Dr. Bloom is working an it anyway, and he's the best... (interrupts) Do you have the file with you Yes.
(smiling) I'LL bet she has a call caddy right next to her phone.
.. Well, zip that little Pointer right on down to the letter G. Okay.
This couple from Duluth.
I love it.
Sweet Jesus, yes come on, can.
You watched the children and passed the time whittling and dreaming.
(beat) When night came, you saw them passing their bright windows and you watched the shades go down, and you saw the lights go out one by one.
You goin' love this house!
He must never have been printed.
Compliment him.
(calm) This is Will Graham.
Can I help you?
I can help you.
One hair, Graham.
This is hair from the cleaning man.
Boosted with heat?
It's being Telexed to you right now.
(reads) 'Dear Pilgrim, you honor me.' That's it.
Mom likes that, too.
Sidney, he doesn't read the "Sunday Times literary supplement.
(beat) Our forensic psychologists have projected he may have been the product of an incestuous home life .
(low) Asian studies at Langley said the mark you found on the tree is a Chinese character considered a positive or a lucky sign in gambling.
Good.
That is William Blake's 'The Great Red Dragon and The Woman Clothed with the Sun.
No. Before me you are a slug in the sun.
You are privy to a great becoming and you recognize nothing.
(beat) It is your nature to do only one thing correctly: tremble.
'I have had a great privilege.
He made me write them.
(beat) We'll seal your promise with... ... with a kiss.
(surprised) You haven't smoked in two years.
(pause) ... I love you.
My God, man.
Yes ... You're so sweet, D... (heat ) let me come up to you and take it... (beat) Yes... (soft) Your heart is loud.
Good morning... (kisses his cheek) If you show me where things are, I'll make us some coffee... No! Don't go back into the house... (to Reba's quizzical reaction) it's too nice outside.
You lock very good in the sun... Do you want a Coke or something, Reba?
You'd be more comfortable if you relaxed with yourself.
It must feel good to God.
God's terrific!
Don't you think that felt good?
There's no connection between the families.
Donald Jacobi's eleventh birthday party was April fourteenth.
There's a lattice porch back there, but he was ready with his glasscutter.
The bloom on the woman.
Today's Wednesday.
That's great.
The thing is, my wife, she's wealthy - her dad, he's real well off.
Yah, well, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a lot - ha ha ha! Yah, well, it's a chunk, but - I thought you were gonna show it to Stan Grossman.
That's why you pay him.
We had pancakes for breakfast.
Ready to make delivery, ya says!
Ya kiddin'!
Well, he never done this before, but seein' as it's special circumstances and all, he says I can knock one hunnert off that TruCoat.
One hunnert's the best we can do here.
Yah... ... Yah, okay... Look, Dad, there is no fucking way - Scott! Say, let's watch the language - How ya doin', Wade?
If your numbers are right, Stan says its pretty sweet.
I'll shoot it right over to ya.
Good to see ya again, Jerry.
If these numbers are right, this looks pretty sweet.
Congratulations, Jerry.
Gotta eat a breakfast, Marge.
Love ya, Margie.
Love ya, hon.
So what's the deal, now?
You had breakfast yet, Margie?
Well, what now, d'ya think?
Well, he's got his gun on his hip there, and he looks like a nice enough guy.
You look in his citation book?
I'm not sure I agree with you a hunnert percent on your policework, there, Lou.
Yah, that's a good one.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Jesus!
Thanks for lunch.
They're good, Norm, but you're better'n them.
How's that Ciera workin' out for ya? Circumstances have changed, Jerry.
Well, what do ya mean?
I'm coming into town tomorrow.
Have the money ready.
Now we had a deal here!
Good day, sir.
Yah, after lunch.
Two to Minneapolis that night.
Well, you can help me.
Home a Paul Bunyan and Babe the Blue Ox. ... Babe the Blue Ox? Yah, ya know we've got the big statue there.
You look great!
Yah - easy there - you do too!
That's great!
... This is a nice place.
Yah, ya know it's the Radisson, so it's pretty good.
So ya went and married Norm Son-of- a-Gunderson!
Great.
Well, they're a good outfit.
Better times.
Ha ha!
Ya find the work interesting, do ya?
Yeah, couple a muskies.
How's the food down there?
Had dinner at a place called the King's Table.
Yah, it's good.
No pike yet, but it's good.
Now where's my daughter?
Where's my daughter?
Okay, well, thanks a bunch, Mr. Mohra.
I'm workin' with ya on this thing, but Okay, I'll do a damned lot count!
And this Shep Proudfoot character, he's a little darling.
That's wonderful.
It'll change your life, a course.
Oh, now he's adorable.
Oh, he's adorable.
Well, okay - thank you, Detective.
And here ya are, and it's a beautiful day... ... Well... ... I just don't unnerstand it.
... I'm so proud a you, Norm.
I love you, Margie.
I love you, Norm.
Joshua Tree.
Joshua Tree Inn.
Now listen here... No, you listen here.
Hello buddy.
Well, I can't stand around here chatting with you all day.
Naw, I'm cool thanks.
Try again... This.... ...isn't.... ...the best time... ...Baby.... God damn!
Meet Barbara.
Welcome to the seventies.
I've come for the guitar.
Gram's guitar.
Hey, well done.
Do me a favor and get the guitar, sweetheart.
Joshua Tree Obsequies.
New Orleans.
Big thrill for us here, as we're only a small facility.
Well, that's good.
Welcome to my house.
Who are you, please?
So how is a yellow hearse covered with flowers less of a surprise than a black hearse?
She's big, she's fast, she's comfortable, and she's beautiful.
Well, I've paid top dollar, so it's nice to see I'm getting the best... How did you hear of Bernice and me?
You are famous throughout the greater Los Angeles area.
We'll make the pick-up in the morning.
I'm staying right here.
Why, thank you... Parsons.
Well, enjoy your stay at Los Angeles Airport, Mister Parsons.
Thank you.
Can I help you?
You're one of those funny guys, right.
Parsons.
Nice work.
You receiving?
Joshua Tree, Louisiana.
I'm a real lucky guy.
Good saying.
Well... the first part.
The first part.
Well, I don't care if it is first thing in the morning - but I sure need a coffee.
Good morning officer.
You have a good day, now.
A surprise, he said.
Nice going, hippie.
Thank God.
Parsons?
Parsons.
Parsons.
Parsons.
At this current time, the Greater Los Angeles registrar of Births, Marriages and Deaths does not regard the local newspaper as an official recorder of record.
This is not a great place to be right now.
Why did you give it to him?
They are made of finest... poplar.
That baby's worth two grand.
We're special rock 'n roll undertakers.
Musical morticians.
Hello baby, it's the love machine.
How nice to hear from you again.
You're a winner, that's what you are.
This isn't the way to Palm Springs.
Good afternoon.
So by allowing Yin to flourish, you welcome Yan.
It would be really nice if we could get through a couple of hours without crashing the car.
Good work.
Oh, it's going fine, thank you.
Fine, fine.
Yeah, that would be great.
We'll be moving on, now that your sign no longer appears to be impeding our forward progress.
I was a great support to Gram before Kaufman came along and spoiled the party.
You might exclusively love Phil Kaufman - but unfortunately, so does he.
(reads) 'The Polyonax Place'.
(reads) 'Dinoburgers, Reptile Steaks and Primeval Soup.
The cops'll be after us and we should just get on to Palm Springs and do the thing, and then I can get home and you can... do whatever it is you do.
Everyone else, he announces the food when he brings it.
Good afternoon.
Get our package to Palm Springs.
Well, if you're satisfied, let's go.
Well, it is made of wood.
Finest poplar.
Gram was the first good guy I ever hooked up with.
But Gram was already wild, and I made him wilder.
Well, I gave my word.
Do you have friends?
I loved him.
We loved it out here in the desert, and we made a pact that whoever died first, the other would come down here and set them free.
(to Larry) Nice work.
Better make the point.
And Gram's soul doesn't belong in a family plot surrounded by strangers.
It belongs here, where he was happiest.
Thank God! Evenin' ma'am.
Please.
Cap Rock.
Nice wheels.
We saved a soul.
Well, shall we? Yeah.
An enigmatic smile.
Now, from that -- A nice working class part of town.
Nothing fancy here but there's a pleasant feel.
A Cuisinart, a cheese slicer, lots of other nice equipment.
A single candle.
A gorgeous omelet is on a fine china plate, parsley sprinkled neatly on top.
A pretty little girl stands in the center, smiling.
Her mother stands alongside, smiling too.
A man is with them, looking at them happily.
When he was young.
Luther studies the photo a moment.
(surprised) It's got their prints on it.
The bed table.
He is in wonderful shape -- -- for a man his age.
The Towncar as Collin yanks something out of the glove compartment, and then he is racing off into the night after Burton who is a few steps ahead.
The world ahead of them as they see it: their FIELD OF VISION now resembles a rough computer game.
Luther, and twenty yards ahead of him are some woods that spur him on, he pumps his arms, his body straining and his breath coming in gasps and... Collin, graceful and young and in fabulous shape and just ahead is the open field and as he starts into it -- What Collin sees: a THERMAL figure; a man running out of the open and then disappearing into the woods.
Thank you for your support.
A good bit of mail, most of it unsolicited.
We've seen him before -- in the wedding picture on the wall of his mansion.
With his young bride Christy.
He is 60, abrasive, powerful.
A tea kettle is over the flame.
She is finishing making instant coffee with lowfat milk and Sweet 'n Low; next she goes to the front door of her apartment, opens it, picks up the morning Washington Post.
She stares at the paper.
Pictures of the mansion, of Walter smiling on his wedding day, of Christy.
She has been photographing him, and as the last photo slides out of the camera, she blows on it, puts it alongside the others.
You're lucky is all -- some of my customers, they stand out no matter what.
They're good.
I am Christy Sullivan and I walk in and surprise a burglar.
There I can help you -- see, before you were a burglar you were a dry cleaner and you still love beautiful clothes.
Seth smiles, looks at Luther.
Why's that funny?
(smiles) I was trying to surprise you.
(smiles back) There you go.
(glancing at his watch) I'd love that but I'm late as it is -- got to get my pacemaker checked.
The sound of a KEY IN the DOOR.
Luther by the bed now, he flashes his light around -- -- what the light illuminates: a bed table full of law books.
She is, we will find, a top prosecutor for the Common- wealth of Virginia.
On her desk, a baby picture of Kate and her mom smiling -- but there is something a little different about it.
-- I better write that down.
He never said -- -- Then where'd you hear this? -- my mother loved him, all right?
For the first time now, apprehension.
A large blowup of the same picture Kate had in her office, the one of Kate and her mom -- -- with one startling change: Luther is in this shot, standing there proud and smiling.
He gestures for her to follow.
She has seen something across the tiny room and is drawn to it -- Luther's bed table -- -- and here it is!
She looks wonderful and alive in all of them -- Kate.
You can do a good thing, Kate -- (beat) -- help me bring him in.
This is not part of my brilliant master plan.
Thank you so much.
His movements are skilled.
It's hard to suppress a smile as he walks towards his daughter.
Rocked -- Luther, going to her.
(rises and looks at her) Glad for the talk, wish we'd had more.
It always is -- (beat) -- and I may not make you proud, Kate -- (soft) -- but I'm not going down alone...
Crisp, cool afternoon.
A DOORMAN stands outside, enjoying the day.
Russell smiles, and as she opens the package -- A beautiful necklace.
And tasteful -- we hear the sound of an ORCHESTRA PLAYING PULL BACK to reveal Gloria Russell, looking just splendid, the necklace around her throat, entering a large and very impressive White House dinner-dance.
We've never seen Russell quite like this -- relaxed, secure in her femininity.
So happy.
* The MUSIC is BUILDING TO CLIMAX now.
Their movements become more grand.
(so happy) You've been keeping things from me?
* The crowd of elegant men and women, it's really wonderful dancing they're seeing -- they start to applaud.
The elevator stops suddenly on the second floor -- -- The Super gets in, smiles.
Kate nods, smiles back -- Luther, driving like crazy through the city.
Ahead is a sign saying: "JOGGING PATH."
Collin, the needle ready, moving silently toward the bed.
Don't worry, Tommy's fine.
(turns -- quiet now, at peace) I did love her, you know.
The security guards smile, wave him to go ahead.
Outside, the moon is high in the sky.
A coffee machine in a lounge.
As we WATCH, Walter Sullivan moves down toward the President and they embrace.
We've talked about it a great deal.
Of course I tried to stop him -- (beat) -- Alan was like a son to me... Luther smiles, takes his coffee, leaves the room as we -- Kate sleeping.
Starts drawing her again.
(curtly to the scientists) I've seen enough.
Let go of me! (desperately looking at the mirror) Sir!!! Sir!!! Help me!!! (into phone) This is General Brat.
Financially, coins are better because they're cheaper, and environmentally, forget-about-it, coins win hands down.
I've got this new bud.
Well, be careful with that thing.
(excited) Wow.
Holy... It's...uh, it's good to cough.
That was close.
Fine! Fine.
Red! It's Saul.
Nice to meet you.
This is from that time you ate the lollypop straight from the strippers sna- (to Dale) Awesome!
Don't beat me up! Saul, dude, I'm Red!
You've eaten dinner here, man!
My Grandma lives here.
Please.
Nice to meet you, sit down and have some couscous.
Uh...it's nice to finally meet you both...I apologize for my appearance.
(deep breath) Listen.
And the blood was fresh.
If you do this, I'll consider it a peace offering, otherwise, you're asking for war.
Thanks, man.
Thanks, man.
(sincerely) Wow.
Thanks, man.
That's awesome, man.
It's the easiest market.
Well, then not kids at that school.
Her car's better!
The brown ones nice, but the metallic ones seems more... (relieved) Okay, I'm going to go call Angie.
A thank you would be nice!
Thank god you're okay!
I'm great.
So, here's the plan, babe.
(beat) Ha! What a douche bag.
(beat) Yeah, love you too.
Maybe the pot is what gave me the creative capacity to come up with such a great plan!
Buy yourself a good last meal.
Ha! That's rich!
Good.
Ready to move out?
You're alive!
What's cool is that you came back for me man.
Thanks again for this opportunity, Mr. Bianchinni.
That is so amazing.
His hands were magic.
It's one of my favorites.
Thank you so much.
A beer?
A beer.
Thanks again.
That's a great tattoo.
Beautiful labrys.
But now I love the way it feels.
Hi, welcome to the family.
The redistribution of wealth.
The redistribution of wealth?
She was so happy she cried, calling me her lucky charm.
It was easy and I was good at it, real good.
I'm glad you did.
Please.
You are so beautiful.
I felt it this morning when I brought you the coffee.
You said you made them because you were good at something and it was easy.
Hey, Johnnie, ease up, okay.
He was in love with you, right?
He likes it.
He says they remind him who he his.
I want a new life.
You said you were good.
Sweet Jesus.
|The first time, he picked out the dress he wanted me to wear.
It's getting better and better.
Keep going.
As soon as he is done, you'll be right there to put a big drink in his hand.
We want him to come down, to relax, feel in control again.
You look good enough to eat.
Trust me, Violet.
Trust.
The moment you open the door with the Scotch in your hand, you will be covered, and that moment is the most important moment in the plan.
God, I can see him right now driving to get Gino.
I can hear him laughing, fucking laughing, laughing at me.
Laughing at me! Laughing at me! Don't touch me!
Please!
You don't need a key.
Give it to me.
Good man.
Thanks.
Go right ahead, sir.
This is a beautiful place.
... thank you.
I'm staring right at it.
Good.
Please, Corky ... Oh, thank God.
Wake up! Good.
God, I should have seen this coming!
I saved you.
Saved me?
Help me.
I'm going to start with her so you'll get a good idea what's coming.
Good girl.
Yeah, it was Violet's idea.
That Violet is one nice lady.
Hey, if Violet was helping me relax, I'd probably do the same thing.
Thanks, V.
But thanks.
Thanks for everything.
That dancing girl.
The dress she was wearing had been altered to fit her.
Yes, it is good.
Nice girl.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Got a couple of cups of coffee at Hap's from her.
I give it.
Thanks, Sam, for the good work.
You have a good eye for detail.
The red one.
Six to eight hands clapping.
I know you haven't changed your hair and I've seen that beautiful dress before, but I must say, Diane, you look sensational today.
(enjoying this) No, I am not trying to buy time.
(a laugh) Another triumph for the dashing Agent Cooper.
And you, Diane, now have to clean the coffee cup, get fresh ground coffee from Sally and make a damn great pot of coffee.
Thank you, Carl.
Thanks.
You know what your problem is? (smiles) You're just too adorable... (smiles back) You know, I think you're right.
(joining her - laughing) I'm just too adorable.
Hey, Baby.
Laura, do you love me?
Yes, I love you.
We're in love.
(small smile) Gobble, gobble, gobble.
(very smooth, cooing) Oh, come on, sweetie, give me one of your smiles.
(smiling) Love ya, Babe.
Well, why not?
(getting very dreamy) He loves you with that "lasting love"... "true love".
Sweet?
God, he's gorgeous.
My secret diary.
Please.
You two are so in love.
Good.
The world is a hologram, Albert.
Yes, it's a great big psychedelic circus ride, isn't it, Cooper?
(smiling her killer smile) Because you love me so much.
I do love you, you little smoking whipper snapper.
Hello... Time to come home for dinner, honey.
Hi, honey, how's Donna?
Well, honey, go in and tell her now.
Laura, honey... LELAND (continued) I love you.
I love you so much.
Goodnight, Princess.
The good Dale is in the lodge and he can't leave.
A special friend?
I'm glad you let me talk to you.
God, god.
Mom, take it easy.
Dancing.
Buck, that was really nice.
I am the Great Went.
I am "The Great Went".
You smell nice.
The party twins.
(turning to kiss Jacques) "The Great Went".
(then laughing) I promise.
(smiling) When's the next business trip, big fella?
Hey Handsome, this is your little party girl.
It's taken care of, babe.
Thank you, Bobby.
I've got to see you.
(remembering) Oh god, it's Johnny Horne's birthday today.
Happy Birthday, Johnny.
Happy Birthday, Johnny.
Happy Birthday, Johnny.
Happy Birthday, Johnny.
Why can't we have the party in your precious office?
It's a lovely place for a party, Ben.
Happy Birthday, Johnny.
At the photographer's studio getting a gold frame with floral monograms of your birthday and our wedding vows.
Happy Birthday, Johnny.
(trying not to explode) Happy Birthday, Johnny.
Nice night.
Babe, I'm on my way out to the woods to divvy up the product.
(in a whisper) I couldn't it was Johnny Horne's birthday.
I promised I'd be with him.
Send me a kiss.
Baby laxative?
I know you love me and I love you.
I do love you.
You want to see... See what?
Buy me a ticket to The Great Went.
We're on our way, Baby.
(screaming - pleading for her life) Bob, I can hear you singing.
The good Dale is in the lodge and he can't leave.
(smiling strangely) I slipped and hit my head on the mirror.
(laughs) It struck me as funny, Harry.
Cool your jets, Arnie.
Oh, you're gonna love it.
I hear California's beautiful this time of year.
Name's Christmas.
Lloyd Christmas.
(smiling) I got worms.
A lot of people don't realize that worms make much better pets than ants.
They're quiet, affectionate, they don't bite, and they're super with the kids.
It's a love memento.
The most beautiful woman alive.
Get Robitussin it's a better buzz.
Come on, man, cheer up.
I'll tell you where: someplace warm, a place where the beer flows like wine, where beautiful women instinctively flock like the salmon of Capistrano.
That's right, Aspen.
Or do you want to enjoy your life?
Actually, this chocolate milk isn't mixed very well.
They was on their way to Rhode Island.
If you had a nice set of knockers.
You mean the babe who worked for the tractor company?
Never id find out who. (into phone) The boys are holed-up in a little love nest for the night.
Thank you, Daddy.
Damn, you're good, Harry.
Well the first thing we do is take a good deep breath of that famous Aspenese air.
Fresh, huh?
Thanks.
Look, once we drop the briefcase off to Mary, she'll be so grateful she'll plug us right into the party circuit.
Vacation?
(beat) Wow.
You pay, I'll pump.
Great.
(impressed) Cool.
Funny.
You were snoring like a baby when we went through Des Moines.
(sing-song) Hello?
Rise and shine.
Thanks a lot, Mr. Perfect.
Like you never screwed up.
You've got a good reason to goo a beautiful girl's waiting for you.
We huddled together all night, and we made an oath that if we ever got out of there alive we'd never ever leave each other's side again.
I married a cheapskate.
And where oes the lovely young lady reside?
We're good for it.
It'll come right out of our first paycheck.
You keep us happy, we'll keep you happy.
Thank you.
We finally cracked the big time.
I'm rich now.
Guess it'll have to do, slugger, eh? Thank you so much, sir.
Cocktail hour has commenced!
This is her... Mary Swanson... Come on, Cinderella, it's time to get you ready for the ball... Thanks for the lift, Barney.
Put us down for four plates, my good man.
relax, Lloyd.
We can be sophistica holy shit, would you look at the fun bags on that hose hound.
You have her briefcase she's gonna be thrilled to see you.
I can't tell her you're good looking, Lloyd she's got eyes.
Please.
Nice set of hooters you got there.
They're beautiful.
Thanks.
I love dogs, too.
Pleasure meeting you both.
That tuxedo I love a man with a sense of humor.
Well you are, aren't you?
You see, my friend your friends for one day.
Um... well...
Relax, you're golden.
Wha... you... I... it's... (smiles) I love you, man.
I love you!
You're gonna be my best man, Har, I mean it.
They're good.
Mrs. Christmas... Mary Christmas...
Mrs. Mary Christmas.
Boy, aren't we a couple of beauties?
(beat) Anyway, since you have your night all Will you join me in a good luck toast before you head out?
Well I'll be in the living room whenever you're ready.
I'll give it to you.
That is the sweetest thing I've ever heard.
You make it so easy for me to tell you my innermost desires.
(beat) A schoolboy who desperately wants to make sweet, sweet love to you.
I desperately want to make love to a schoolboy.
You're alive!
Good work, Harry.
(to Athletic Beauty) But how did you...? We've been following you two all the way from Providence.
She was efinitely worth the trip.
Guess we have to admit it, she was too good for us.
Look, we just wanted to say that we appreciate all you did for us during our stay.
The Swanson family has promised to reimburse everyone.
Well, anyway, thanks again for everything.
(smiling) Oh, I think we might be able to find you a free room somewhere -- after all, like you once told me, we're all from the same mold.
Good night.
Lucy, looking less like a woman than a Diane Arbus photograph of one, doesn't.
Good night, doctor.
To it eventually, quietly -- Thank you . . .
Good.
That "immense" project of yours.
Two coffee cups.
And a moment later .
(smiles at the thought) I memorized it.
not so much a sense of accomplishment . . .
as comfort.
He laughs to himself at the futility of it.
I'll see you later, have a good time.
The Botanical Gardens?
Roseland's Big Band belting out "That Old Black Magic."
On the dancefloor, the post-encephalitics dance with one another amidst "normal" middle-aged and older couples, all having a great time.
A Rob Roy on the rocks.
He has no idea what she means, but finally nods in agreement.
She offers her hand to him.
He likes the sound of it.
I should go away for a few days and "relax."
Good.
His mind seems to be racing ahead of his mouth's ability to . . . the joy, the freedom, the spaciousness of life, the gift of life.
Drifting slowly across the faces of the board members again, and across Sayer - I ' m thankful to everyone in this * room . . .
* I ' m thankful, but what I need now isn't here. . . . .
Kaufman and Sayer and the others follow Leonard's gesture to * the windows.Mr.
CHERRY Pg.9
j .. * The smile that appears this time on Leonard's face is as insane as anything Sayer's ever seen.
Hey, buddy. .
The opera music CONTINUES OVER: The shards of the lenses layed out on a table.
Thanks.
A slow, slow smile crosses her face.
I 'd be delighted.
He's enchanted by it.
He smiles at the peddler and the "litter of pups" moving around his feet.
Beautiful, isn't it.
A boy, five, healthy and happy.
A small Christmas tree.
You've been very kind to me.
He smiles crookedly, then looks out across the water again.
When the place was built in 1907, there was very little interest in winter sports, and this site was chosen for its seclusion and scenic beauty.
Well, that sounds fine to me.
I'm eh... I'm outlining a new writing project, and eh... five months of peace is just what I want.
They'll love it.
Great... Well, before I turn you over to Bill, there is one other thing I think we should talk about.
(into phone) Hi, babe.
(into phone) Great.
(into phone) Right it's a beautiful place.
You and Danny are gonna love it.
That's good, now the other one.
Good boy.
My husband had oh... been drinking, and he came home about three hours late, so he wasn't exactly in the greatest mood that night.
Well you should have eaten your breakfast.
What was the Donner party?
Good morning Jack.
Good.
I'd better collect my family first.
Oh, it's beautiful.
(to Jack) My God, this place is fantastic, isn't it hon?
Oh well they're really gorgeous.
It's a lot of fun, but I wouldn't go in there unless I had an hour to spare to find my way out.
Thanks.
Thank you, Susie.
It will be a pleasure.
Great.
Bye darling.
Well what's your favorite food then?
In here, Mrs. Torrance, is where we keep all the dried goods and the canned goods.
Post Toasties, Cornflakes, Sugar Puffs, Rice Krispies, Oatmeal, Wheatina and Cream of Wheat.
Good.
Sound good to you, Danny?
Chocolate it shall be.
It's amazing how much activity is going on today.
Good Morning, hon.
Your breakfast is ready.
Hmm, nice.
How about taking me for a walk after you've finished your breakfast?
It's just a matter of settling back into the habit of writing every day.
It's really nice up here, isn't it?
I love it.
It's amazing how fast you get used to such a big place.
I fell in love with it right away.
Okay Danny, you win.
Okay...oh! Give me your hand.
They have good weather right now, but they may have to call off the search if the predicted snowstorm moves in tomorrow.
Now we're going to make a new rule.
We're receiving you.
Are you having a good time?
Good.
I want you to have a good time.
I love it.
Good.
I love you, Danny.
Good.
What happened, honey?
Good man.
Best goddamned bartender from Timbuctoo to Portland Maine - Portland Oregon for that matter.
Thank you for saying so.
Good.
(over phone) Good evening.
I'm the Head Chef up at the Overlook Hotel.
(over phone) Good evening, Mr. Halloran.
(into phone) I'd be glad to do that, sir.
Good evening, Mr. Torrance.
Good evening.
Good evening Mr. Torrance.
It's good to see you.
It's good to be back, Lloyd.
Hair of the dog that big me.
Bourbon on the rocks.
I think the best thing is to come along to the gentlemen's room, sir, and eh... we'll get some water to it, sir.
Awfully nice of you to say.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Won't keep you a moment, sir.
This is KDK 1 calling KDK 12. KDK 1 calling KDK 12. Do you read me? (over radio) This is KDK 1 calling KDK 12. KDK 1 calling KDK 12. Are you receiving me? (over radio) KDK 1 calling KDK 12. KDK 1 calling KDK 12. Do you read me? (over radio) This is KDK 1 calling KDK 12. KDK 1 calling KDK 12. (over radio) Are you recei... (over phone) Good evening.
...please...
Has it ever occurred to you that I have agreed to look after the Overlook Hotel until May the first?
Wendy, listen.
Wendy, baby...
I and others have come to believe... that your heart is not in this, that you haven't the belly for it.
There's nothing I look forward to with the greater pleasure, Mr. Grady.
Please.
Oh! Great party, isn't it?
Mommy... Danny, come here!
Mommy... Mommy...! Danny!
Be good.
(reading the cover, sexy voice) Genetic repair mechanisms in eukaryotic organisms.
(slight smile) How is it?
Excellent.
(lost in his book) Nice.
To tell you the truth...I'm excited.
You did a great job.
She's a good kid.
And we moved out here for the quiet.
Love you.
Is everything-- You're the flower lady.
Please.
I can help you.
How can you help me?
With your flowers and your perfect life... That's not...It's not like that.
Why don't you... Oh God.
Honey, they're young.
Good.
I'm good.
Well good.
So you're human.
Thanks, but I'm fine.
Beautiful thing, alimony.
Thank you.
Excellent.
Prudence here's an old friend.
I try to stay on her good side because I owe her my career and most of our grant money.
Write this up for Tuesday!
(warm) What are you doing here?
Oh great, "Can you look in on my wife, she's hearing voices?"
(with a smile) Norman, you are so funny about that.
When you say it, it sounds crazy.
(laughing to herself) Listen to me.
Jody, no... Telling you... (overlapping) ...no...no...no... Just bought this beautiful antique Ouija.
Please.
Don't you see-- Wow.
A flare? From the sun.
Where's the new squeeze?
Ohmigod... Wow.
And there's this brilliant conductor in purple briefs with no bangs cursing his ass off in Finnish.
My best stuff.
(gently) Harvey says he's amazing.
Please.
You promised.
(gently) Claire, she's been a huge part of your life for seventeen years.
(beat) I'm sure he's hoping you'll pack me full of prozac so he can live out his life in peace.
If not... (re: fireball) These are good.
She finished my solitaire game and turned on the radio...she likes rock and roll.
(to the spirit) Who...who are you?
The accident...? But then you've been so much better... Norman, this isn't about you.
Your friend saw them.
(beat) This is great.
How's your marriage?
Well, he's been amazing throughout this whole thing.
Love.
He brought my things up and pleaded with me to come home.
And you glad you married me?
Are you glad?
I'm glad.
Good.
They're really good.
Thank you.
Please?
The one thing in life that I definitely don't regret...is the choice.
You must be so proud.
Well, I'm glad.
A cheap wine glass from the caterers.
Sweetheart, it was over a year ago.
But you're better now.
I thought it was Mrs. Feur, but it's not... (quietly overlapping) Stop... ...I'm positive this time... (overlapping) ...Please stop... It's Madison Fra-- (calmly) Claire, I've tried to be there.
She's my friend.
Then again, she didn't say much about her college friends.
We...we met at a party.
I gave up my life and my music...
I'm not going to listen to this.
Finally, she showed up at the new house... How did she know where it was?
(softly) Our dream house.
She was young.
I got there first.
Now that I do...I think she's at peace.
It's me...it's me... Vitals are good.
I'd take it easy for a couple of days.
Thanks.
And I'm going to spend the rest of my life making you glad that you did.
The leaves... Incredible.
You've got a beautiful life.
And even with this, it's always been clear that he loves you.
I'm cooking you dinner.
I'll do the shopping.
Claire, listen to me.
Fifteen Willoughby, about a mile before the bridge...Thank you.
Why not keep the streak alive?
What kind of show of faith is that?
This guy is good.
I give up!
I give up!
Really?! He's a wonderful guy.
He makes two million a year, and he worships me.
Every Metro Captain agrees that he's their top sharp-shooter and most likely to succeed.
"Additional Skills": Biathelete, marathoner, lip-reading, speaks Spanish... Great, send him to the Marines.
He's good!
I'm working in a new style.
How's the good dog.
I can't be more than your friend.
He's got respect for you.
Well, there's a good amount of agreement on that.
I ain't interested in your life story.
What am I giving up?
Better than your pool game.
You living together?
You've got good eyes.
Create a connection.
See the four horse.
See the favorite?
Cross him off... Now the Six looks good.
Okay, we're in good shape.
We're in good shape.
Yeah, first and second.
You're a brave one, aren't you?
We do this shit by the book, but you ain't gonna be smiling.
Good-night.
You came over that night and we made mad, crazy love.
That's a laugh.
I'm here to help you.
I'm here to help you.
Everyone is dressed in white.
Dave, don't do this, bro.
I'm jamming them, Dave.
He's jamming them, Dave.
A vacation... Yeah that sounds like a great idea.
Let's relax.
I sent that ahead, wise guy.
Satisfied?
(wry) That's not going to look too good on your service record.
Ronnie first.
She right here... Be cool, Ronnie, I'm gonna get you out of this.
A hundred dollars worth of glass!
I know it's beautiful here.
(agreeably) That's good.
In a few months, boom, I'll be fine, I'll just grow a new heart.
I'm going to meet someone, someone nice and stable who wears a hat so he won't catch a cold, and I'm going to marry him and have three children and live happily ever after.
God, you guys are so romantic.
The next time you see me I am going to be incredibly happy.
They're going to love you.
That's wonderful, Annie.
Congratulations, Walter.
And it was delicious.
It was, wasn't it, Milton darling -- When are you getting married, Annie?
In the garden.
Does it have to be in the garden?
A lovely cucumber salad.
(to Walter) Is that all right with you? (to Lou Gehrig line) Today I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
Oh, honey.
He's wonderful, isn't he? Are his folks nice?
You'll love them.
We're going down to D.C. tonight to be with them Christmas morning.
(utterly without irony) How amazing.
Destiny takes a hand.
I love you.
I love you, Walter.
I'm Dr. Marcia Fieldstone broadcasting across America from the top of the Sears Tower in Chicago where we would have a fantastic view of Santa Claus and his reindeer if there was a -- oops, never mind.
Coming up, Jingle Bells backwards, sung by the New Jersey Cape Mayettes -- Hello, this is Jonah -- (there's a bleep as Jonah says his last name) No last names, Jonah.
Your son called and asked for advice on how to find you a new wife.
Jonah, for God's sake -- Don't be mad at me, Dad.
Please -- This is a grotesque violation of this man's personal life, but never mind -- All righ... Good.
Magic.
It's the end of privacy as we know it, this country is just one big global village with everyone out there going blah blah blah -- The hopes are perfect -- beautiful, identical, smooth -- and they are for something really amazing I feel it in my bones -- It's a spice rack.
Sure. (almost done with the spices) Looking good.
Happy New Year, darling.
Happy New Year.
Why don't we meet in New York for Valentine's Day weekend?
Walter, I'd love to -- We'll stay at the Plaza -- Go for a walk in Central Park -- Go to the Symphony -- We will?
It's delicious, trust me.
You are the most attractive man I've ever laid ears on."
Thank God.
When they're having sex.
Kiss Howard.
Up next, "You and Your Emotions" with Dr. Marcia Fieldstone, clinical psychologist and the best friend you never had.
It's nice to meet you, Jessica.
Dad, this is amazing.
(to himself) Get a life.
Well, great.
I was wondering if you wanted to have a drink... Friday, say... Dinner?... Sure, dinner would be fine.
Now those were the days when people knew how to be in love.
You don't want to be in love.
You want to be in love in a movie.
That's what everyone writes at the beginning of letters to strangers.
(typing some more) "I want to meet you..." "On top of the Empire State Building at sunset on Valentine's Day." Good.
Plus he fell in love with a temp.
Listen to this, I love this part -- Men never get this movie.
Your mom would hold you and rock you and sing you a song.
Is that what she used to sing?
Good.
Fine, I'm fine.
Listen, I'm doing an article on call-in radio shows.
Dad! Everyone thinks Brooks Robinson is the greatest.
She wants to meet us in New York City on Valentine's Day.
You look good.
You look good yourself.
Oh, you are funny -- Tell me he's living in squalor.
It sounds nice.
Oh that is so funny, you are so funny.
(to Sam) I love to brush my teeth in a brook and floss with a weed.
Time for bed.
Thanks for dinner.
(gracious) I'm glad you liked it.
Good night, Jonah.
Thank you so much.
(he's good at it) He's good at it.
These are things that I'm willing to get to the bottom of, and that is why I am dating her.
There's a perfect woman walking around out there?
There's no such thing as a perf -- (to himself, referring to Annie) God, she's beautiful.
No. Hello, Sam? (sweet) I'm Annie Reed.
I heard about you calling Dr. Fieldstone, and well, I just happened to be out here on... (businesslike) business... (carefree) vacation... (losing confidence, ready to pack it in) for no good reason at all... (rallying, businesslike again) business... and I thought I'd drop and... (breezy) say hello... (earnest) invite you to lunch... (sexy) take a shower with you... (embarrassed with all this) shoot myself.
I watched him play with his son at the beach.
Good.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Good night.
God, it's wonderful to see you.
Before that it was called "Love Affair With Irene Dunne And Charles Boyer."
Women love this movie.
Anyway, Victoria's nice.
She's good, and capable and smart.
We can't spend your life chasing after fantasies.
Hi. (a beat) So far so good.
Shirley Votypka, the first girl I ever felt up.
Health.
I love the symphony.
(she stands to go, starts toward the elevator) I'm so happy, Becky.
Finally I feel happy.
(weeping) This is the best movie I've ever seen in my life.
Honey, I'm going out for a few minutes.
I think that it was almost... too perfect.
You can't have all these adolescent dreams about how exciting your life is going to be -- (continuing) Don't hate me but I love this pattern.
It's so beautiful.
Promise me you will never have a surprise party for me.
Here you go... here's a nice pin for you, for flying with us.
You're welcome.
Fine, fine.
Beautiful view, isn't it?
(beat) Look, Annie, I love you.
We're closing up.
One of my wife's favorites.
(trying again) -- Gosh, look at that adorable little female dino -- -- That animal's gonna kill me with kindness.
(finishing up) ... Scientists from B.C. University report that the footprints of the Xenosaurus match no known animal.
That's right, sweetheart.
There's no such thing as a huge, inhuman reptile that attacks without warning --Oh, look, everybody, the mailman is here Well, it beats working in a seafood restaurant... (taking the toast) Thanks, Wilma... Arnold!
Don't aim at the house -- please, not at the house -- Lucky it wasn't the Sunday paper.
Nice morning, huh, Fred?
Heh, hey.
No, Barney just keeps looking for that coo-coo berry pie in the sky, and I don't want to pop his balloon by talking about the price of mastodon ribs.
No, no, I mean for all your wonderful support the past few years.
After it cures for an hour or so, it's solid as a rock.
(wistful) Yeah, those were the days... we usta dream about coming back here some day with a real car and goin' for the goldrock...! Fred...
What I care about is my adorable little grand nephew.
He's staying with me for the summer and I intend to make his favorite dish... Southern fried chickensaurus!
Now I want a fresh chickensaurus and I want it now!
Boys, you heard her... she said fresh.
(smiling) Thanks again for the football tickets.
My boyfriend and I both liked them.
My pleasure, Shirl.
Hey, nice going, Fred.
White male personal reference -- (pushing Barney aside) Flintstone, I have just one thing to say to you -- (pumping his hand) Congratulations!
This stuff you had on your car is the most incredible building material I've seen in thirty years in the construction business!
Come on, move, move... (a man in love) Light as a Pterodactyl feather... why, a child could handle this... Lava, we could cut construction costs in half... in quarters... in uh... whatchacallit -- (patiently) Eighths -- Eighths, right.
(playing with it) 'Fib-bre-rock' -- I love it!
(instantly reversing themselves) Love it... great... has a nice ring... says it all, you know?
Two simple-minded run-of-the-mill nobodies.
Let the Fibre Age begin!
Noogy, noogy, ha, ha -- !
They're as real as... as... well, as real as -- (embracing the group) -- the best darn friends and neighbors in the whole world.
Tonight we are to hear speeches from prospective candidates for Lodge offices, such as good old Fred and some other guys.
Tonight we will hear speeches from a whole bunch of good old guys... (pause) ... plus the one and only Fred Flintstone! (reading, at first wooden, then confident) Brother Buffaloes, honored Herdmaster, Junior Bucks and Apprentice Antlers, a great good evening to you all.
But we here have come through the croo ... the crux... (hissing) -- crucible -- (grateful) -- crucible with our fur fluffy and our hooves unscathed.
Thank you, and ack ack a-dack.
Congratulations, Fred.
Hey, when you're hot you're hot... boys, lemme buy a round of drinks for everyone.
(during this) Here you go, boys, nice and frosty... (aside) Go ahead, laugh.
If I had a good orthodontist, my life woulda been different... (raising drink) Well, here's to... Here's to the greatest bunch of lifelong Buffaloes a guy could dream of leading.
I thought the only decision you made there was how many lunches to eat -- Well, Harry, it just so happens that old Fred is moving up in the world... Boys, you're looking at Mr. Slate's new partner.
Come on, Betty, it's only my first day.
You've been a wonderful thug and goon for me.
Good.
Piltdown leaves, smiling.
I approve.
Welcome to the top -- partner.
Pausing to "taste" the mix, he smiles, then shouts -- Ready... aim... fibre!
Presto!
It sparkles with the tell-tale celadon-green shimmer of Fibrerock.
As it chugs along, the process repeats, and soon a score of identical sofas is in view.
Fred and Barney, weary, approach each other, shake hands as they view the day's incredible output.
Your pink slips will be in your final pay envelopes along with a ticket to the grand opening of Slate City.
Thank you, and have a nice weekend.
Thank you, Brother Rubble.
The Buffaloes will now have their secret vote.
Brother Piltdown, it is my privilege to install you as the new Exalted Herdmaster Erect Antler and Big Buck of our Lodge.
Cheers and applause as Piltdown goes to the podium.
Piltdown accepts the festooned fez and shoulder ribbon, smiles at the group.
Thank you, Brother Chairman.
So let's go down there and make the Slate shop into slate scrap... then we'll see how he gets along without the heavy equipment operators of Neolithic 101! Meeting adjourned!
Fred smiles, nods...
And tonight's batch, well...
I'm authorizing a nice vacation for you, Rubble.
But -- No, don't try and thank me.
You can't stack a two-bedroom cave this high... but the sky's the limit with Fibrerock!
'Sky's the limit'... 'sky's the limit'... why, these two buildings, they... they practically scrape the sky!
That's brilliant, Unc... Mister Slate.
(shrugging) It's a gift... (casually) Oh, that reminds me, sign these, will you... just a few overruns ... minor cost problems... that's it... thank you... Slate's so busy admiring his moment to himself he hardly listens to what Lava's saying, just runs his stylus through the wet clay of the statements, meanwhile "framing" the model city in his hands.
Then he tiptoes O.S., right into the massive bulk of -- -- who looks down at him with a big smile, Pyrite at his side.
Can we help you... sir? (fake crotchety voice) Ah, yup, yup, young feller... jest show me the way to the personnel office... I'm lookin' fer a job as a custodian... Our pleasure.
Lava smiles, prepares the tips on two cigars.
Indeed, it is he, and he smiles, extends his hands.
(still in a dazed thrill) Barney who?
Lovely little guest 'ouse, Mister Flintstone.
Good to see ya... glad you could make it... (unconvincingly) Hello, Frank... Fred -- there's the bar, make yourself at home -- mi casa es votre casa, so, when in Rome and all that -- (coming over) Fred, can I talk to you -- ?
Okay, I admit it: I'm trying to make an impression here, I wanna look good, I wanna be a success...
Man and man's best friend.
Well -- Slimeball?
(smiling) I've had lots of practice.
And he grabs Barney in a big bear hug.
(smiling) Imagine how good you'd look with a senior executive.
Lava laughs, sure she's kidding... then not so sure.
The ventriloquist finishes to scattered applause.
An' sank you, Monsieur Slate for zis lovely setting.
Now, I would like to sank out mos' generous benefactress, Madame Slate for her fine support o'vair zee years -- She gestures into the audience, where Mrs. Slate stands, waves a gloved hand like the Queen Mother.
He begins to play: (singing loudly) 'Dino of Spain, I adore you Right from the moment I saw you -- ' Their smiles become fixed.
We WIDEN, and see that this watch is held in a green, scaley claw.
The xenosaurus! Excited, Feldspar bangs his dashboard and a DISPATCH PARAKEET in a police uniform pops INTO VIEW.
Barney is rocking Fred's head back and forth, finally gives it one last mighty yank.
He leaps, snarling, on top of Lava... Fred and Barney pull them apart.
Talk about grace under pressure... and speaking of -- -- the star fashion model, suddenly her Fibrethread costume decomposes, leaving her in her cute little animal print undies.
Waiting impatiently until the pythonsaurus finally finishes drinking.
Pebbles jumps up on him and kisses him.
Come on, everybody -- we'll go out the way we came!
Do you see how my great-nephew is behaving at this moment of crisis?
(proudly) Yeah.
She kisses him, slides down.
Oh, Fred -- that's the most beautiful thing I've ever heard!
But in the green.
Jeb, I'm going to give you a little kiss.
You weren't getting out of buying those beers that easy.
John Robinson and his family have been extensively trained to take a ten year journey across the galaxy in the world's most advanced spacecraft, The Jupiter.
Earth WILL be a garden.
Saving the world for our children.
They couldn't be more excited.
When we wake up in ten years the video journals of Penny Robinson, Space Captive, will be devoured by millions.
I will be world famous.
What are you grinning at?
Welcome aboard, Major.
They will be perfect or this ship will not launch.
I'd be more than happy to discuss my dimensions perhaps over dinner?
(a freezing smile) Well, nice to have met you.
That's one cold fish I'd love to thaw.
He won first prize again.
But he won first prize.
The new pilot-.
You'll forgive me if I forgo the kiss, my sleeping behemoth.
Now that's more like it.
I see you have completed your mission on schedule Good work, Doctor.
We are in the green.
We are ready to fly.
Life support is at ten percent.
Please.
Help her.
We show you in the sun's gravitational pull.
We trusted you.
It is a way of life.
The sun's pull is too strong.
Put a little heart in it.
Baby?
You are a good woman, Maureen.
Have a wonderful trip.
Please.
When boarding a mysterious spacecraft, it always pays to look your best.
You did a good job up there son.
Thanks.
Will, you're the most important thing in the world to me.
How charming.
Good.
And the crowd goes wild.
Don't hand me that.
I'm going to do whatever I think it takes to ensure the success of this mission.
Now I don't want to hear another word from you two until you can play nice.
(a beat) Better.
Now if you've finished hosing down the decks with testosterone, I suggest you come with me.
Im going to build you a new body.
I promise.
Mom always said I should try to make new friends.
DZtente is a beautiful thing.
Right now she's a girl.
Penny, you've never taken care of a thing in your life besides yourself.
Please.
Nice girl.
(rising).
Don and I are going to locate the radioactive material for the core.
I promise.
I love you, wife.
Nice girl.
(kisses her head) Take care of you too, baby.
Yes, enjoy your moments of trite familial bonding.
It is in my best interests they succeed.
Best as I can tell this whole clan was spawned by this single creature.
Over the years I have struggled in vain to harness the awesome power of time.
The core material.
Like streams running into the ocean.... Once this core material in fully introduced into the control console, I will open a doorway stable enough for one person to take one trip through time and space as well.
You've got to listen to me-.
Give me your trust.
We can use this core material to escape together.
Now that's a good gargantuan.
I'm going to get that core material.
Promise me, Don.
I'm reading a power build up.
Our sun.
A long time ago, you told a small boy that one day he'd understand how precious he was, how much his father loved him.
Today is that day.
What you never showed me was your love.
They carry a huge cloth banner honoring Tolstoy.
A great shout goes up.
The hope of all the world.
Well, you are not gonna find it making a fuss over me.
That is the greatest man in the world.
The ancestral home of the Tolstoy family in the first budding of spring.
A handsome room, walls covered with generations of family photographs.
Religious icons are given pride of place, a testament, not to piety, but to an ingrained social conservatism, a certain position in the world.
Tolstoy has moved himself out of the refined upper floors into a simple vaulted room he uses as both bedroom and study.
The furniture is simple, some of it hand made: a small bed against the wall, a little writing desk in one corner stacked with books, littered with papers, more mail, opened and unopened.
Sitting on the bed, she gently touches his hand, whispers.
Darling.
The image of love's intimacy, of wedded bliss.
A handsome study in the Moscow townhouse of VLADIMIR GRIGOREVICH CHERTKOV, Tolstoy's most articulate and dedicated disciple.
But sex...
My dear boy, if you were to become Tolstoy's private secretary, you would be given a great gift.
Believe me, since becoming a Tolstoyan, I have become so eager to learn, so comitted to discussing ideas, improving my very soul.
(smiling) Well, we have a lot to do if we are to get his work to the people.
Yes... you're lucky....We're all envious.
Valentin smiles.
The sun rising.
Already, disciples are at work the gardens.
Valentin sleeps in his tiny room.
A lovely girl at his door.
I've brought you a glass of tea.
That's very kind of you.
It's your first day.
Enjoy it.
You met Sergeyenko?
Masha hands him his tea.
Thank you.
Why are you laughing?
Thank you for the tea.
Their eyes meet, hold.
Hello...hello... You're the new secretary.
Alone now among Tolstoy's books, Valentin makes his way slowly to a writing table, the holy of holies, on which War and Peace and Anna Karenina were written.
He runs his hand along the old wood top.
I'm glad you're here.
So glad.
He tromps across the room, kisses the boy enthusiastically on both cheeks.
Valentin is overcome by the great man's warmth.
God bless you.
He told me about it...It's very exciting.
Love! Love! Simple... Now, I want to talk about you.
Tolstoy laughs, pats the sofa.
He's very grateful for the help you've been giving him.
You've read War and Peace?
Sofya smiles at his honesty.
He's given me an extraordinary opportunity.
Sofya smiles.
Afternoons, we'd drink tea and discuss changes.
She smiles at the memory.
She sips her tea.
Sofya gives him a condescending smile.
I have a little gift for you He opens it, extracts a small leather bound book.
It's a diary.
You've been listening to your friends at Telyatinki... (beat) Write what you see.
You're finished for the day?
No, I find it sweet.
She laughs.
He doesn't do it well.
Masha smiles at his struggle.
He wants to know everything about me, my parents, my relations with women, my experience of god - He looks up to see Masha smiling at him.
I had a lover before I came here... headmaster of a school where I taught.
He was married - happily married.
There s nothing in it for any of us but a real chance to increase the world s happiness.
He takes Valentin's hand.
Valentin, in bed, writes in his diary.
After a moment, it opens a crack.
She carries a candle which reveals her short hair, her lovely eyes.
She leans forward and kisses him.
She begins to move against him.
Move the book.
He flinches at the pleasure of it.
She falls forward on him, begins to laugh.
It's wonderful... (beat) Hold me.
It was wonderful.
They both giggle.
At the moment, I'm indisposed.
A Tolstoyan photo op.
Each child gives Tolstoy a flower.
A little girl approaches, takes a photograph.
Wrapped in a blanket, he writes in his diary, a cup of tea in front of him.
Good morning, my darling?
She watches him for a long moment.
Everyone is making fun of you.
I heard them laughing in the barn.
She sips her tea, goes back to her writing.
Your passion for Chertkov has become a standing joke.
I have a great affection for Vladimir Grigorivich.
We have a great deal in common.
Do you love me, Lyovochka?
You have no heart for the people who really love you.
You'd rather be seduced by charlatans and deluded by flatterers, all in the name of love....You can't even love your own children.
Please, will you?
THEIR POV - the Countess on the sofa drinking a glass of tea.
Listen to him, papa.
He has our best interests at heart.
CHERTKOV (cont'd) With all love and respect, the Countess is too interested in making a profit from your work.
The best interests of the people are one with your own.
My wife's heart on a platter?
Give me that.
Valentin follows.
It's my right, in the name of god.
You make it easy.
MOMENTS LATER-Tolstoy goes to Sofya's bed.
She looks at him with all the love of a new bride.
He kisses her hand.
Good afternoon, Leo Nikolayevich.
Sergeyenko laughs.
Valentin looks to the sky, sees the crows circling again.
Valentin watches him.
Valentin and Tolstoy water their horses at a stream.
Do you love your wife?
" Your youth and your desire for happiness reminds me cruelly of my age and the impossibility of happiness for me."
For those first years, we were incredibly happy, terrifyingly happy.
Thank you again, Valentin Fedorovich, for your forethought.
He said "He reminds me of myself when I was young."
Look, you say the movement's about love- Yes...
The love he tells us to practice, the love of the Gospels.
Mama, Mama! Stop.
Help her!
She is alive.
Please.
Let's get her to bed.
I'm glad she can sleep.
Well, a little.
Promise him that.
Clouds of steam against the white sky.
He writes on his lapboard.
Please.
But I'm not certain if it s the best time, Countess.
She promised me- What?
Promised you what?
I love you.
I love you.
Thank you, father.
Good.
Good.
God bless you.
God bless you, too.
Well, I'm ready to go now.
Ellie, please... ...no, the Movie Classic channel is further down...past the Home Shopping...keep going... Oh!
This is wonderful... Heaven, I'm in heaven...and my heart beat so that I can hardly speak... Paul?
It's silly.
I'm your friend.
(beat) I've lived a lot of years, Ellie, but 1935 takes the prize.
(smiles) Monstrous big.
Easy enough to say.
I have it on good authority that Percy has an application in at Briar Ridge.
Better pay.
You give Melinda my love, okay?
Music too loud?
Got a new inmate today.
Big, simple-minded fella.
Your daughter and her family are here.
Sittin' down, sittin' down, rehearsing now!
God have mercy on your soul.
Spent our first summer in the mountains.
(beat) That was my best time.
(off her look) Today.
Dean, hand me them clothes... William Wharton! Hey!
C'mon, Percy, give us a hand.
Don' look so good, boss.
I helped it.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Helping you with what?
(beat) Was your missus pleased?
You do with it as you please.
As you please.
So very kind.
Good shot, weren't it?
Nice soft ones!
Hey! Whassit now, movin' day?
We'll go man to man, see who's the better fel-- C'mon, Wild Bill.
Thank you, Wild Bill.
C'mon now, I'll be good!
No! No! Ummmmhhhh...urg...ah! Holy Christ, he's pitchin' a fit!
He'll be fine, boys.
I'll be good.
Give'ya nickel for that Moon Pie.
I'm sittin' down, I'm sittin' down, I'm sittin' down.
They love Mr. Jingles!
They laugh and cheer and clap they hands!
That's the deal.
God have mercy on me.
God have mercy on your soul.
He's still alive!
To the eyes and the ears and the heart.
Fresh out of the icebox.
I be good.
Please.
Let you in on a little secret.
We goan for the ride now?
Thank you, ma'am.
"Coffey on the Mile" Am I glad to see you!
Yes, we'll talk, that's a given--but, Percy, mind me now...we'll also see you beaten within an inch of your life.
Meatloaf be nice.
You tell God the Father it was a kindness you done.
Angels.
A man who loves his relatives, Mr. Dolan.
You gonna thank the lady?
John had to give me a little part of himself...a gift, like...so I could see for myself what Wild Bill had done.
Infected you with life?
I've had to watch my friends and loved ones die off through the years...Hal and Melinda...Brutus Howell...my wife...my son... (beat) ...and you, Elaine.
There, that's enough for tonight.
Good.
(taking blue book from her) Thank you.
(to Jill as they watch this highly efficient operation) Don't take any notice, love, it's their training makes them like animals.
Best in the world, though.
Don't you worry love, we'll have everything shipshape in a jiffy.
I'm happy where I am.
You see! (groans) Now Mrs Lowry, try to relax.
There we go! (triumphantly) Already she is twice as beautiful as she was before - voila!
It's a present for my son.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
You're looking wonderful!
(to Sam and Mother) Happy Christmas, Sam.
Thank you, Spiro.
(to his mother) Mother, will you listen to (showing off that he remembers who's ordered what) Numero huit, braised veal in wine sauce.
(he sets it in front of Sam's Mother) It's too exciting.
By the way, I saw a wonderful idea for Christmas presents at the chemists.
Gift tokens.
It won't be pleasant but, trust me.
Nice and easy now.
They're a bit overworked these days.
There are people in Central Services who'd love to get their hands on Harry Tuttle.
Ah ha! Found it!
Thanks, Lowry, you're a good man in a tight corner.
You did me a favor.
(hysterically) Well, that's it!
Drive out to Mrs Buttle, give her the cheque, tell her to sign her name on the back, cash it at the corner sweet shop.
That's brilliant!
You are good to me Sam.
If you have any complaints which you'd like to make, I'd be more than happy to send you the appropriate forms.
He was good ... What have you done with his body?
(uncomprehending) He will be pleased when he comes home.
Yes, it was ... very nice ... thank you.
Sam, I'm so glad you came.
The bandages came of this afternoon.
Come and join the fun.
(repelled) Congratulations ...
I'm going to leave you two lovebirds in peace.
What? - Oh, yes - vividly.
Fine, thank you.
Glad to help.
Oh - yes.
... Tell him I want to see him ... Send round the paperwork, Lowry ... Arrange a conference on that one ... Anyway, tidy it up, Lowry, there's a good chap - get a new suit.
Oooooooh ... aaaaaahhh ... please ... arrrrrghhhh no ... please ... Oh God, No ... No, stop, I don't know ... I'm looking for Officer 412/L.
Thanks.
I accepted him, on trust, as the right man.
I'm sure you have There are some real bastards in this department who don't mind breaking a few eggs to make an omelette, but thank God there are the new boys like me who want to maintain decent civilized standards of terrorist eradication.
Here, you'd better sign for it.
(admiring Sam's new look) Sam ... we're proud to have you at Information Retrieval.
Merry Xmas.
Good! STOP! Come back here!
(realizing that this includes him) Hey, that's not a very nice thing to say.
Well ... it's only my first day.
Come on, let's go! Let's get out of here!
Please, Jill ... I love you.
Who are your friends?
Are you buying a Christmas present for your mother?
I love romantic lingerie.
STONE SHIPANTI-DAY108a (feebly) Where is she?
Half the time I can't see where I'm going - there's a great Niagara of perspiration coming down.
No. No. I'm fine.
... new washer.
I'll be ready for you tomorrow.
Well, she's my mother, not yours.
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
I'm glad to see the Ministry's continuing its tradition of recruiting the brightest and best, sir.
Thank you, Dawson.
Merry Xmas.
JUDAS!! (muffled) a wonderful gift, I changed it at the chemist for some antibiotics and bathroom scales and there's enough left on the voucher for a tonsilectomy if I want to treat myself ... Christmas Parcel for you, sir ... sign here please ... 93/HKS/608, you are charged with the following: Passing confidential documents to unauthorized personnel - viz IR dossier/Gillian Layton.
Help me.
Mrs Lowry is ... VICAR (in background) At these times of giving and receiving let's remember the greatest gift of all: not a gift to be spurned, not a gift to be opened and carelessly set on one side, not a gift to be taken back and changed, but the gift of eternal life.
Mrs Terrain has just received that most wonderful of all gifts.
Oh, honey, Jesus.
Toby (feet up on the dashboard wearing a brand-new pair of Indian moccasins) and Caroline sing "Mood Indigo" together.
I started dinner.
Caroline laughs aloud, then slides down the wall until she's on the floor still laughing.
Caroline, Toby and ROY are eating at the tiny table.
Though he is on his very best behavior just now, there is a mean streak in him.
Toby, delighted, holds a Winchester .22 rifle across his lap -- a peace-making gift from Roy. ... I found me a room, but it's clear the hell and gone 'cross town.
It's the best present I ever got.
I'll point it at the sky, then.
You live in the neighborhood, sweetie?
Oh, yes? Yeah.
Good.
What about your fabulous boyfriends?
You liked him well enough last night.
What about all the food?
I did... Well, well, well, all I can say is that you people are pretty lucky to live in a house where -- oh.
I hear you're invited up to Dwight's next week for Thanksgiving.
Aw, you'll love it.
Great air, great water.
And there's a turkey shoot Thanksgiving Day.
Great!
Well, amazing: it can sit up and talk like a normal human being.
I love a man knows He's so appealing.
(buck-toothed speech) Oh, Concrete, my favorite town.
Welcome to beautiful Concrete!
Please be nice.
... air like wine at my place, and I don't mind saying I wouldn't live anywhere else, and that's the God's honest truth.
There's good schools, honest people, and some of the best fishing in the world.
'Cause Ted Williams, whom I believe is one of the all-time greats, is also a world-class angler.
Many's the day he and I've talked over the best way to get a fish to say yes to a hook.
Welcome to Concrete.
Dwight's home sweet home.
A neighbor of mine says, "Looking for nice churches, come to Concrete.
I think that's funny... Caroline and Toby are severely underimpressed with their first impression of Concrete.
The scenery is as beautiful as Dwight said it was.
Kids, this is my pretty friend, Caroline Wolff, and her boy To... (he catches himself) Jack Wolff.
We read the classics.
We played musical instruments.
It's a Simplicity pattern, and I'm pretty sure I can make it myself.
Caroline gives a bark of laughter.
Then Caroline comes out of the bedroom, ominously calm.
(he means it) I can be better.
Things aren't going to turn out well, things aren't going to start looking up, and it's never going to be like heaven on a June day.
She stands for a few moments as if listening for a far-off sound.
Christmas is over: a few scattered pieces of wrapping paper lie scattered on the floor, and a small Christmas tree with bubble-lights glows in a corner.
Dwights hustles the bags into the trunk, tells Toby to kiss his mother, and hops into the car, all smiles, all cheeriness.
She was! (to Pearl; soft; happy) You're ugly as a madman's ass.
Can I join the Girl Scouts?
We'll do it right together.
Boy's Life?
You're a bright kid.
Beside, this one is new -- new to you.
They didn't have second-hand uniforms in my size.
He cannot take punishment and come back smiling.'
We're going to make a man of you yet -- and in years to come you'll thank me.
You look good.
(to Dwight) Well, it's done him a world of good to be up there with you.
No, I'm fine.
Well, good.
Food.
Oh, the bride is calm.
Well, it wasn't black yet.
(as Toby tries) Yeah, better, better... and keep those feet moving, shuffle, shuffle, that's right... now try for my face... good... ... not good, to tell you the truth not good at all.
(listens) No, he's not mean to me... (listens again) No, he's good about that: comes home right after work every night.
(listens; laughs) You think so, huh?
(leans back; watches Dwight and Toby) The thing is, he's out on the porch teaching Jack to box right now.
I want to be able to see your face when we make love.
What's the matter, honey?
Father and son photographs are being taken.
(laughing) Give my pud a big squeeze while you're at it, why don't you?
Toby and the life-savers on either side of him laugh a bit.
Hey, Pepper -- what's on a tree?
A little funny, though.
I sprang full-blown from my mother's forehead.
Yeah, and you'll wind up a recluse that everybody says likes to dress up in his mama's old clothes.
Go get ready for Norma's play.
A champion.
Told me an interesting story of how he and the dog happened to meet.
Finally Toby manages to get his right hand loose.
JERRY HUFF is handsome in a pouty, heavy- lidded way.
There is general laughter, mixed with groans.
It sounds good to them.
Pearl is setting the table and singing the Everly Brothers hit, "Bye, Bye, Love."
Her bald spot has grown back in, and she has learned to fix her hair and use makeup.
She smiles and nods to Toby, never stopping her singing for a moment.
Toby stands next to her and sings harmony for a few notes.
Oh, honey, good news -- Truman's going to campaign for him.
Just now, Dwight is in the middle of telling another of his "Dwight Is The Best" stories.
Dwight sits at the table, a drink in his hand.
I got word yesterday that I did really well on those tests -- but that's not enough.
He's saved.
A beauty shop with a tired sign... "ARLENE'S GOLDEN COMB BEAUTY SALON," a beer joint, a pool hall, a woman's clothing store with headless mannequins.
Great.
(manages a smile) That money is gone with the wind.
(as Toby stares) That's right.
My God... the lightness.
Great, isn't it?
It's great.
Congratulations, honey.
Caroline's smile becomes fixed during Toby's speech and she begins to regard him oddly.
I am so damn glad to get out of this place!
I'll be in 'fourth form.' Doesn't that sound great?
And if you get a two-bedroom place in D.C., I can come for vacations and summers.
Smiling, the two walk on through the sunny afternoon, singing softly to each other.
(nice) Get on the bus.
D-Day at Kenosha was nothing.
Well, I got kicked out of Shaker Heights High because my birdhouse came unglued in honors woodshop.
Happy Meals for the wavy gravy wellness center?
(to Kelly) She loves the gold.
Gold is the color of the sun.
Simplicity is best.
(to Mother Ling) No - not that way - the sky should be stormier.
That went well.
Your dad should meet my history teacher.
Trust me, you shouldn't.
I'm telling you, it's not me, it's the world.
Finally, my life is complete.
Listen, I'm going to the flea market on Saturday.
Okay babe.
And won't that be nice?
Good.
General Ulysses S. Grant's field flask, my friend.
Easy for you to say.
Go with the flow.
Easy enough.
The color of the sun.
Well that's one of your more brilliant ideas.
We've planned for every contingency using the tried and true techniques of the last great world power.
We're the good guys.
So stay here and be quiet.
Smile worker bee.
Trust me.
It's going to be great.
That's a good location.
That sounds nice.
But baby, my birthday's coming up.
That's what makes it sexxxy.
I brought our friend along.
He's happy to see you.
How does it feel to give better than you get? Good.
Thanks.
That's good.
Hey! Hey babe.
(smiles as an afterthought) So, what do we have here, a little painting class?
Kelly's a friend of Bart's.
One day I'll be a beautiful butterfly.
I'm not at a good stopping point.
I promise.
Do you have similar discussions at the dinner table with your family, Kelly?
My mother's kind of an artist, so - You come from a creative family, do you?
They are fine, aren't they?
What presentation?
Well, no - Yeah, that wouldn't be much fun, would it?
So filming's on Saturday.
Good.
It's gonna be really cool.
He loves you.
Well, she's inviting you to the wedding.
I love weddings.
Good, I'll call mom's nephew Fletcher and tell him to expect a little action.
Thanks.
I think you're amazing.
Make yourself comfortable.
Thanks.
That's it, handsome.
Oh this is just perfect.
Um, I don't have a perfect life, if that's what you're asking.
Doll?
I haven't been following the story.
Yeah well, let's get this over with.
Folks dressed up like your mom and me.
He looks good.
The have this intensive summer orientation thing.
Is that good?
Well, it's optional, but dad thinks it would be "a good way to meet people."
Well, go Big Green.
Thanks.
Have fun.
Fancy.
Well, it was good seeing you.
Only this time, Grant was ready for him.
That's amazing.
Art playing a part in war.
We practically won the thing right there.
I can't imagine having more fun that I am now.
I spent my summers with my grandma in the Catskills.
Happy Birthday to thee.
Oh! Yeah, wow.
Smiles everyone, smiles!
You look handsome.
Ladies and gentlemen, Princess Fiona and Sir Shrek!
That's great.
That's great!
My favorite.
Honey, please calm down... Calm down?
Right now, you're my family.
But your love for Shrek has taught me so much.
My dear boy, I am proud to call you my son.
And I'm proud to call you my Frog... King Dad in-law.
Where's that first-born you were promised, hey?
You are the love of my life.
I'll send you airmail kisses everyday!
Alright, be strong babies!
Now, Coco, Peanut, you listen to Mama, alright?
Give your Daddy a big hug!
I promise.
I love you.
I'm, I'm- I love you too honey!
That's great.
I'm glad you think so!
I love you.
Ha ha! Hiccup!
Ha, ha.
High school?! Ready?! Okay!
Where for art thou headed, to the top?
Ha ha!
There is no sweeter taste on thy tongue than victory!
Oy! Right!
It's top secret, hushity hush.
Oy! Right!
You made a funny.
Grrrrr! (pleased with himself) We're here for the Mascot Contest too.
And now, without further ado, let's give a warm Worcestershire-hoozah to the winner of our "New Mascot" contest... the-- --ogre?
I'm the new mascot.
Nice one Lance!
Oooh! It's present time!
Love, Cinderella."
Everyone poops Beauty.
You know the baby's gonna love it because I do!
Oh, you guys, that's so sweet.
Thank you.
I got you the biggest one because I love you the most.
(reading the card) "Have one on me, love Snow White" Shrek the Third - Final Screening Script 46.
Ha, haaa!
He's a live-in baby- sitter.
Where's the baby?
Well, now you'll have plenty of time to work on your marriage.
A baby is only gonna strengthen the love that Shrek and Fiona have.
Onward my new friends.
Ha ha ha ha ha! Gaa! Gulp! Ahhhh!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Ha, ha, ha, ha! Enough pillaging!
Everybody stay calm.
"On the Good Ship Lollypop, It's a sweet trip, To the candy shop, Where the Bon Bons play, On the sunny beach of Peppermint Bay.." You!
Parties, princesses, castles... princesses.
It's gonna be great, Artie.
You'll be living in the lap of luxury.
All of them, willing at a moment's notice to lay down their own lives out of devotion to you.
Si, and the whole kingdom will look to you for wisdom and guidance.
Hey, you are one funny kitty cat.
Besides, he'll be ten times better at it than me.
Still... Listen Artie...
Greetings cosmic children of the universe, and welcome to my serenity circle!
If it's such a great job, why don't you do it?
Understand this kid, it's no more Mr. Nice Guy from here on out!
Thanks Artie.
Wait! Charming, let go of her.
Ow! Ahhh! Look out!
They've got a piano!
"King Charming?"
Ahhh! Ha-ha!
Look, if Artie trusts him, that's good enough for me.
(in Puss' body) Oh, so you two think this is funny?
Help me!
Thank goodness you're here.
Charming's got him, Princess.
The Far Far Away Theatre at the Charming Pavilion is proud to present: "It's a Happily Ever After, After All." Enjoy your evening of theatrical reverie, citizen!
Oww, easy.
C'mere beautiful.
"Ahh ha ha ha ha haa." "Ahh ha ha ha haa." "Ha ha ha ha haaaa.
Little birdies take wing, flitting down from the trees they appear, and to chirp in my ear." "All because I sing.
Ahh ha ha ha ha haaa."
"Ahh ha ha ha ha haaa."
"Ha ha ha ha ha haaaaaaa!"
Ahhaha!! Ahhaha!!! Move it!
I thought we agreed we would go by the name of "Team Super Cool."
From henceforth we are to be known as "Team Alpha Super Awesome Cool Dynomite Wolf Squadron."
Shrek saved your life.
Princess, my love, at last you shall be freed!"
"I'm strong and brave, and dashing my way there!
And now we finally meet."
Now that be funny.
Much better, now that you're here.
So Charming, you wanna let me out of these so we can settle this ogre to man? Oooh, that sounds fun.
Well, it's easy for you to say.
I'm not a talking tree.
And they're beautiful!
A new era finally begins!
I think the kid's going to be a great King.
Well, for what it's worth, you would have too.
Where's the baby?
... Oprah Oscar laughs hard at this.
Oscar kisses her, moves in.
He brings her over to the bed and places her next to Sophina.
Wussup, baby?
Oscar and Sophina laugh at this.
There looks to be a lot on his mind.
Sophina, wearing a WalMart uniform, makes two lunches.
Mommy can I have two of the fruit snacks today?
Tatiana looks down into her hand and we see that it is a small bag of fruit snacks.
She looks up at Oscar with a bright eyed expression.
Tatiana nods in agreement, trying to hold back a huge smile.
She gives him a swift kiss on the cheek.
Good morning Tatiana!
Green (7/5/2012) 9. Good morning Mrs.
Oscar smiles at Mrs. Stacey, and she nods back.
Sophina smiles at the idea of Frisco, for a beat.
(playfully) Love you too.
Oscar laughs.
His smile fades, as he watches her go inside.
Oscar, now in the car by himself rides in the car listening to HIP HOP MUSIC.
Katie smiles nervously.
Green (7/5/2012) 16.
Oscar laughs at this.
He's white.
What's going on Baby?
(into phone) Hello, Grandma Bonnie, it's Katie, Nice to meet you.
Katie smiles and blocks her other ear to hear better.
Good morning, Emi.
Oscar, what's going on?? Had to grab some stuff for my Mom's birthday.
Oscar is reading a card from off the BIRTHDAY FOR MOTHER rack.
He looks up, moved by the words.
Oscar gives her a hug, leaning across the table.
Green (7/5/2012) 27.
You look nice.
Laughs a bit.
Laughing a bit more now.
Oscar smiles and notices Wanda is smiling about something on her mind.
Hella good.
Oscar looks at Wanda with a bright eyed expression.
Green (7/5/2012) 29.
He has a large, square bandage under his left eye.
Naw, we good.
That's my best friend right there.
Cale flashes a mischievous smile.
Cale smiles at the woman, and makes coochie coo faces at the baby.
Green (7/5/2012) 30.
Oscar, Calm down.
Wanda stares at Oscar.
She too smart for her own good man.
It's like a new thing- I'm not coming to see you anymore.
Standing on rocks.
Green (7/5/2012) 38A.
He watches as the green buds float off.
Mrs. Stacey watches them, smiling, but with vigilant eyes.
Oscar waves and smiles at Mrs. Stacey, who waves back.
Tatiana follows him laughing loudly.
Oscar gives her a kiss on the cheek.
Sophina gives her a hug.
Green (7/5/2012) 41.
Green (7/5/2012) 41A.
Mariana smiles.
(disinterested) It's cool.
Green (7/5/2012) 42.
But would he have won though?
Well, I'm happy the did win.
I keep thinking about how much it means for T. When I was coming up, Teachers used to love to tell me, "You can be the President of the United States."
You'd make a great politician.
Well let's let him get in there first.
What's so good about it?
Thanks for your help tonight.
I enjoy washing dishes.
I really enjoyed having you here.
Gonna meet up with Cato, Jack, Jason and couple other cats.
Oscar laughs.
Okay, I promise.
Alright we out, Birthday Girl.
Love you.
Love you too, son.
And Happy New Year.
I love you.
He kisses her on the cheek.
Love you too Daddy.
Among the group is Cato, Jason GREER, KRIS RAFFERTY, Brandon and Tim BRYSON, CARLOS REYES, and Oscar approaches the group and greets everyone.
Yall ready?
Goldenrod (7/19/2012) 66. Osc, Osc! Take a shot with ya bruh for the New Year.
Oscar smiles, takes it.
The group laughs at this.
Danae turns and looks at Brandon, who is making a funny face at her.
She can't hold in her smile.
He lifts it at Brandon, smiling.
(laughing) Is that right officer?
Thank you so much.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year to you too.
Thank you.
His wife STEPH, 30's is six months pregnant, and is doing the same potty dance we saw earlier from Vanessa.
Thank you.
Thanks bro.
Green (7/5/2012) 78.
Oscar laughs at this.
The three girls, Sophina, Vanessa, and Steph make their way out of the Store laughing like best friends.
(to Sophina and Vanessa) It was nice meeting you guys.
She don't want to listen to me, cute ass.
What you doing after this baby?
Where are your friends at?
What friends?
Down the platform, Cato watches Pirone and his friends closely.
Be cool bruh, chill out.
(to Brandon) Chill out bruh, chill out.
Chill out and we goin home man.
You alright Babe?
His phone rings in his hand.
Green (7/5/2012) 104A.
Green (7/5/2012) 105.
Sophina, baby calm down.
Green (7/5/2012) 105A.
Sophina baby, what's going on?
The paramedics rushing Oscar, dressed only in his red boxers out of the elevator on a gurney, his mouth connected to a hand pumped oxygen mask.
My son is a good boy.
Please do what you can.
Please.
Thank you.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you.
Hey, good morning, Barry.
There's this girl, this friend of mine from work that I think is really cute and really cool and I want you to meet her so I was thinking about bringing her to the party tonight.
She's my friend and you should meet her.
Well, yeah, thank you, but -- -- but since you're not going I guess none of this matters and I'll bring her anyway.
My name is Barry Egan and I'd like to ask if you have any more Healthy Choice pudding in the back?
(to Rhonda) Happy Birthday, Rhonda.
Thank you.
Thank you so much, Barry.
Good, good.
Say hello to them, that's right, good, good.
I meant good.
She couldn't come anyway -- Well I'm glad you didn't, thank you.
She went out of town, she travels a lot.
Please?
This is Lena, she's a good friend of mine from work.
I'm sorry I couldn't come to your sister's birthday party last night, Elizabeth had invited me and I couldn't make it -- It's fine.
It was fun, though.
Take it easy, man, relax.
Please.
That's nice...are you lying?
I didn't want to get too far along on going out and be hiding something -- That's very nice.
Thank you.
Thank you for saying that.
So in the supermarket, you notice their products, first you notice they have a Teriyaki Chicken Dinner at $1.79 - that's a pretty good deal....but then I noticed they had soup at 89 cents a can.....and you start to do the math and you start to notice that it's a really amazing deal because I stumbled across the pudding at 25 cents a cup.
Can I pay you here?
There's a better place for us to eat.
Everything is fine.
Well, it's fine.
Thank you.
Oh that's great.
It was nice to see you again, to see your face again, to go out with you -- I'll be around and back in town in a few days -- Yeah.
Have a good trip.
That was good.
Have a good trip.
Thank you.
Wow, you're goin' to Hawaii, that's great -- you're goin -- ?
I saw the Teriyaki Chicken first and that was $1.79 and then the Soup which made a real deal but then to come across the pudding...it's just tremendous when you think about how most people just don't look...they don't....they're not looking at the fine print, Lance.
God Damn They're So Beautiful.
That's funny.
That's funny.
Please.
What's that sound?
Oh my god, you are so adorable.
Just so god damn wonderful and cute you wanna smack it and kick it and love it.
This is funny.
Please.
Well...he's not that strange, don't say that.
That's right you travel so much.
The first man came on the driver side.... ...right...the blonde one?
-- some of the horniest girls around -- stay on the line and an operator will be right with you....remember, have your credit card ready and know that Mastercard is my favorite credit card.
Fine, thank you.
Thank you.
I'm fine....I'm fine...yes I'm fine....
Cardenas looks up into the night sky.
Thank you.
A man across the street from Marsh saw her drive up about four thirty Sunday afternoon.
That's the best part.
Ambitious men build their careers on the bodies of others.
(emotionally) I loved him.
They've taken everything that is good and caring about two people in love and made it dirty.
Did you have sex?
He said he had a heart arrhythmia and it was nothing serious.
It's passion.
So did this family down the road.
Don't use language like that at the dinner table.
I love you.
I love you too, Dad.
He lives up in Roseburg.
(defensive) I'm taking a client to lunch.
How'd you meet Marsh?
I was at a cocktail party.
Then after a few weeks he invited me to come visit him.
Why didn't you live together?
There's a key under the flower pot.
Yes -- it would be nice.
You and me -- making love.
How often do you make love to your wife, Frank?
There once was passion, wasn't there?
It's an incredible story going on here.
He was a good man -- until she came along.
Thank you for your time.
No, I don't have to believe you.
Thank you.
So, the woman he loved passionately was thinking about leaving.
Incredible stress.
You were brilliant today.
Strong endings start with strong beginnings.
(growing excitement) I love the way you twist what people say around -- manipulating their own words against them.
I'm glad you have such confidence in me.
Tonight we open new doors.
(whispering) I love you, Frank.
I love your strength -- be strong for me now.
Mr. Marsh tried his best to keep her happy -- but it seemed that no matter what he did it was never enough for her.
Sex.
Your Honor -- please!
This is a whole other world for her.
So, she puts on her best dress, fixes her hair and tries to present herself as intelligently as possible.
Having to go there -- seeing them together - - knowing he was sleeping with her in the same bed he did with you.
He switched me off like a little toy he was finished playing with.
But Your Honor-- That's it, Mr. Dulaney.
We were lovers.
Your Honor, Mr. Roston lived with the defendant for many months.
It was the best sex I ever had.
What good does that do -- it's the old will?
You used to like to touch me -- to make love to me.
It was a place to start.
Sex?
You want me to make love to you?
I love you, Frank.
Help me.
No. Andrew Marsh wanted her -- and why wouldn't he? She's beautiful, alluring -- the type of woman men dream about.
It's human nature.
We live for the moment.
(beat) Here was an exciting young woman who unlocked doors.
She's right, Paley.
You and Paley celebrate your victory.
(continuing; to Paley) Here's the good part.
Alan, listen to me.
She's good isn't she?
(softly) I love you, Alan.
You have to believe I love you.
That's right, she loves you.
(to Rebecca) I loved you.
A hint of a grateful smile shows on his face.
Thanks.
(stands, receiver still to ear, then covering it with his hand) Howard, give him the keys... Gimme the keys to get outta here!
Listen, calm down, huh?
I'm glad it's okay.
I love you.
Well, I got to go now... I'll kiss the baby for you.
I'll tell you right now - that I'm ready to do it.
They make $105 a week to start.
Hey, Lady! You're on TV, Lady! Smile, any... god damn thing... Let Sal come out, take a look.
Kiss me.
He looks good!
Hey, lady... you're out now.
(to Sal) The whole media is out there... it looks a lot better for us than it did before...
The audience is interested in you, Sonny... not me.
(to Maria's boy friend) Hey!
Boy, he hung a couple good ones on you there!
Okay, what do you give me?
(kiss) I'll see what they'll do.
(gently) Yeah, well I don't blame him.
You got to merge your whole soul with God.
(improv.
Don't worry about it, Sal - it'll be all right... they're great... It's gonna be up there.
You rob a bank, but you keep your body pure, is that it?
Happy Birthday, (to cop driver) What's that?
Leon! Happy Birthday!
If he won't listen to you, who will he listen to?
I respect that.
(pleased) Yeah.
(stuttering) God, Algeria!
(making fun of Sonny) Sal... Sal... Naturale, oh boy!
There's a lot of lives that I'm responsible for... that's all.
Please?
They're really nice people.
That's good then.
Thank you much... and huh, bon voyage.
Yeah... see ya in my dreams, huh?
Yeah... I'll write a song.
Ha, ha.
Life is funny!
You said a mouthful... sweetheart!
She'll take good care of him.
What's so funny?
Well, I'm a Christian, and my ears are not garbage cans.
My God, Sonny - you oughtta see - - Alla Brooklyn is here!
The best thing is you go home.
Everything in your life was sunlight and roses until you met her.
There isn't one single person in my life I haven't hurt through my love.
As a baby you were so beautiful.
That's the deal... Okay.
Go on, honey.
(to Driver) You ready to get out first?
He made me laugh.
I love him.
You're beautiful!
I'm glad.
(more cheerfully) But they all happy, evvybody havin' a good time.
Market share in most divisions is increasing and we've opened seven new regional offices... ...Our international division has also shown vigorous upward movement in the past six months and we're looking at some exciting things in Sub-franchising.
...Our owned-and-operateds are performing far above expectations both here and abroad, and the Federal Tax Act of 1958 is giving us a swell writeoff on our plant and heavies... ...The news in the money market isn't good -- it's excellent... ...Our nominees and assigns continue to multiply and expand extending our influence regionally, nationally and globally.
So, third quarter and year- to-date, we've set a new record for sales... ...new record in gross... ...new record in pre-tax earnings... ...new record in after-tax profit... ...and our stock has split twice this year... ...In short... ...we're loaded.
Not while the stock is this strong.
Waring Hudsucker is abstract art on Madison Avenue.
(laughs sadistically) ...This letter was sent down this morning by the big guy himself!
'At's right, Waring Hudsucker!
It's addressed to Sid Mussburger! Hudsucker's right-hand man!
That means you put it right in Mussburger's hand.
Mussburger!! Hiya, buddy!
...What's your pleasure, buddy?
Well it's not bad enough.
(into both phones) Ood-gay! (slams down both phones, looks at Norville) This better be good.
Well, sir.
Which is perfect for Hudsucker -- not that I claim to be any great genius; like they say, inspiration is 99 percent perspiration, and in my case I'd say it's at least twice that, but I gotta tell ya, Mr. Mussburger, sir, this sweet baby -- Wait a minute!
Meester Moosaburger, I give-a you pants a nice-a dooble stitch.
(barking) No! Single stitch is fine.
Single stitch is fine!
Meester Moosaburger such a nice-a guy, I give him dooble steech-a anyway.
...and it's been a pleasure serving you too, uh... buddy.
I mean, you're the expert, but at the Muncie College of Business Administration they told us -- Relax, Norville.
Thank you, Sid, but the reason I mention it is, it would require such a small capital investment -- again, you're the expert here -- Damnit, where's my car!But there's such an enormous potential profit-wise given the demographics -- baby boom -- discretionary income in the burgeoning middle class Finally.So if you think it's appropriate, I'd like to bounce the idea off a few people at lunch Sure, sure, tell whoever you want... ...And I'd like to hear more about it at some point, too.
Ya get the special?
...and awduhs a light lunch.
(thrilled) She is! She's good, Bennie.
I don't want to bore you with all the sordid details of my life; it's not a happy story... ...Suffice it to say that I'm jobless -- though not for want of trying, that I'm friendless, with no one to -- thank you -- take care of me; and that had you not come along at just exactly the moment that you did -- Norville, I didn't know you were president here!
Happy days, buddy... ...and I'll tell your secretary you're not to be disturbed.
Seek and ye shall find, work and ye shall prosper -- these were the watch words of my education, the ethics of my tender years --these were the values that were instilled in me while I was growing up in a little town you've probably never heard of Mind if I join you?
Oh, no, really, I -- Don't bother to thank me, it's the easiest thing in the world.
Good afternoon to ya, this is Norville Barnes -- Barnes!
...It's my pleasure!
Gooooooooo Eagles! (wheezing) ...Once 'The Munce'... Holy...
(still typing) Yeah, I was all wet about your idea man... Well, thanks for being so generous...
Heck, if working at the Argus doesn't make me an expert then my name isn't Amy Archer and I've never won the Pulitzer Prize... ...In 1957... My series on the reunited triplets -- come on down here, hammerhead, and I'll show it to ya... Amy, what's a three-letter word for a flightless bird?
...And that's just the potatoes, Smitty, here comes the gravy: The chump really likes me.
Better off falling for a rattlesnake.
The picture was fine!
How on earth would you know whether I'm an imbecile when you don't even have the guts to come in here and interview me man to man! No, change 'guts' to 'courage.'
(nodding) -- these preposterous inventions, would be better suited to the pages of Amazing Tales Magazine.
As I doubt also that you could find a home at Amazing Tales, a periodical which I have enjoyed for many years.
But would an imbecile come up with this? ...I designed it myself and this is just the sweet baby that can put Hudsucker right back on top.
Yeah, he's a smart one, that Norville, heh-heh, he's a caution.
Ain't never gonna make you happy!
Never made Warin' happy.
(uncomfortably) I'm happy enough.
(calls after him) I'm plenty happy!
Why not, it's all true!
Watch it, Archer -- It's about a dimwitted editor who -- Easy, Amy... ...Let's grab a highball and calm down.
I was in bed for a week!
Hello, Mr. Finlandsen, so sorry to meet you -- uh, happy to walk into y -- uh, pleased to make your -- Thank you, sir... ...I understand your concern about the down-ward, you know, but I think you'll find under our strong new leadership...
I give you the king of swing, the rajah of romance, the incredible, the unforgettable Mister Vic... Tenetta!
Good.
Thanks.
I wish it were that simple, Norville.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Seriously, Amy, the whole thing is what your beatnik friends call 'karma' -- the great circle of life, death and rebirth.
A great wheel that gives us each what we deserve... ...Tomorrow's my big presentation to the board.
Oh, Norville -- Kiss me once, Amy! Kiss me once for luck!
-- So we have economy, simplicity, low production cost and the potential for mass appeal, and all that spells out great profitability... ...I had the boys down at R & D throw together this prototype so that our discussion here could have some focus... ...and to give you gentlemen of the Board a first-hand look at just how exciting this gizmo is... ...It's fun, it's healthy, it's good exercise; kids'll just love it, and we put a little sand inside to make the whole experience more pleasant.
And the great part is we won't have to charge an arm and a leg! Yeah but... What is it?
It's... it's ... well, it's... It's brilliant.
The Dancing Dingus!
Rockwell News presents... 'Tidbits of Time!' World news in pictures, we kid you not.
The 'hula hoop,' product of Hudsucker Industries, is a recreational device that some experts predict may eclipse the television as a means of entertainment... ...This dancing dingus of delight, this jerky circle of gaiety, is proving to be the toy of choice of most American youngsters.
I'm very proud of you, Norville... Oh my God, sir! ...Mrs.
Eisenhower is very proud of you.
A thing like this, it takes a whole company to put it together, and I'm just grateful for the opportunity -- Mr. Barnes, did you have any idea there'd be such a huge response?
Well sure, I guess -- Mr. Barnes, are you thinking of giving yourself a nice fat raise?
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
From the cocktail parties of the Park Avenue smart set... ...to sweethearts who want to be married in the 'swing' of things... ...To our friend the Negro, in the heart of the dark continent.
Why, just this week I came up with several new sweet ideas.
Well, by anyone's account I've saved Hudsucker Industries; our stock is worth more than it's ever been.
-- ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
I'm getting off this merry-go-round!
So right now he and his dingus are on top.
You told me you were gonna bring a smile to the hips of everyone in America, regardless of race, creed or color.
Finally there'd be a thingamajig that would bring everyone together -- even if it kept 'em apart, spacially -- you know, for kids?
I used to love Norville Barnes -- yes, love him!
Buddy... Say, buddy... Buddy... Ya busy?
Why, people are just dyin' for a product like this, and the great thing is we won't have to charge an arm and a -- Wait a minute!
Huh?! But, buddy -- This is the most idiotic thing I've ever seen in my life!
Yeah, but, buddy -- Nobody wants a hare-brained product like this! Ya see, Buzz, it lacks the creative spark, the unalloyed genius that made, uh... ...say, the hula hoop such a success.
But, buddy -- And what do you mean barging in here and taking up my valuable time!
Awwww, buddy -- And don't call me buddy!
He grins wolfishly.
Norville showed me his design for the whatsit the day I met him!
It's no dig on you, Archer, but this story is hot and you're no longer on top of it.
He is riding ze grand loopen-ze-loop -- -- zat goes from ze peak of delusional gaiety to ze trrrroff of dezbair.
It's New Year's Eve and I want a Martini!
Happy Newby-Newby-New!
New Year's Eve Edition! ...Ring out the old!
Why, when the doc gets through with him he'll need diapers and a dribble cup... ...Let me remind you that our secret post-New Year's party will be held in the office of the President shortly after midnight tonight.
Ring in the new...! ...Ring out the old!
Ring in the new!
What gives!
Geez, I -- Ah, it's New Year's, I'm not gonna add to your woes.
Well, why don't ya read it.
By the time you read this, I will have joined the organization upstairs -- an exciting new beginning.
Now I see only an empty shell whom others call a 'success.'
When and why did I trade all of my hopes, dreams and aspirations, for the emptiness of power and wealth?
I loved a woman once, Sid, as you well know -- a beautiful, vibrant lady, an angel who in her wisdom saw fit to choose you instead of I...' Skip this part... ...Last paragraph, last paragraph.
'...But Sid, let me urge you to work closely with the new president, and to keep giving Hudsucker Industries all your energies -- but not your soul.
It is beautiful, Benny.
...It's the most beautiful t'ing I ever saw.
It's the most beautiful t'ing I ever saw.
Hacks' New Year's gala.
Herbal tea? Bromo.
The new year... ...And the start of a new business cycle.
...It's a good thing Doc Bromfenbrenner was there... ...'cause he was able to keep Sidney from harmin' his ol' self.
(taking hypodermic needle out of bag) Here's a fresh needle -- and here's my farewell present to you.
But I won't sit by and watch you doing it.
I'll be at Brown's Hotel.
Thank you, Holmes.
You are the only man in the world who can help me.'
After performance, there will be little celebration backstage -- and Madame requests your presence.
We'd be delighted.
Good.
(to Rogozhin) Thank you.
(catching himself, to Petrova) Thank you.
Madame is great admirer of yours.
Well, the label is authentic.
It's magnificent.
(starts pouring vodka; it is pink) (gallantly) (he hands her a glass of vodka, with an exaggerated smile) (hands him vodka) I see.
Madame would like child to be brilliant and beautiful.
Since she is beautiful -- she now needs man who is brilliant.
I am? Thank you.
Good work.
Vous etes Belge -- de Bruxelles!
(taking Gabrielle's hand) If you don't mind.
Come, my love.
Please.
Dr. Watson! (she claps her hands and he wakes up) Your porridge is getting lumpy.
Please!
Hudson follows instructions) That's good.
Put your arms under mine -- fold them behind my neck -- Bless you.
(taking butter-knife from him) Thank you.
You cad! Especially the palm of her right hand.
(to Gabrielle) Coffee.
You want strong coffee.
Your wedding ring -- it's made of copper.
Last year he invented a new kind of air pump, and was hired by an English company, Jonah Limited.
(addressing birds) Good morning, my pretties.
Here's Mum with your breakfast.
Morning, Duchess.
Thank you.
Two brothers living in the same town...
Well, that's better.
But circumstances have changed -- The great detective!
(moving toward Holmes) Thank you.
(smiling through tears) I'll go and pack.
Thank you.
Beautiful country.
I see you're reading the book of Jonah.
(a beat) Good night, Mrs. Ashdown.
Good night, Mr. Ashdown.
Well, if it's got a view, it might be a nice place for a picnic.
It's got a view, right enough -- but it's no place for a picnic.
Amen.
(looking up) Morning.
This is healthy country.
(preoccupied) Hand me that lantern.
You have a lovely view of the loch from here -- as soon as the morning mist rolls away.
Thank you.
Good.
But you must remember that we're that nice couple from London, on Holiday in the Highlands.
That's much better.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
You'll never guess what the one next to me was reading -- the Book of Jonah -- isn't that odd? (looking after the monks) Quite.
If you come back next year, we'll be all done here, and I'll be glad to show you around.
Thank you.
I think I have a pretty good notion of what they're up to -- the Society for the Preservation of Scottish Monuments -- better known as the Diogenes Club.
You are to deliver it.
You'd better take this with you.
You'd better get on.
(handing him bottle) 1886 -- not a very good vintage, is it?
Interesting -- and educational.
Am I going too fast for one of the "best brains in England?" Go on.
I trust you had a pleasant journey, Ma'am.
And it had better be worth our while, Mr. Holmes.
We have been following your exploits with great interest.
Thank you, Ma'am.
It has not been one of my more successful endeavors.
The sooner the better.
Give it to them?
Invite them aboard for the final journey -- seven hundred feet -- straight down.
Thank you.
It's so funny.
I was scheduled to go to Japan, but I couldn't resist the challenge of coming up against the best.
Thank you.
Thank my brother.
You much better than most operatives working for British intelligence.
Because... there was no way to win.
By the way, thank you for this.
Incapable of supporting life forms.
What did you bring me, contraband Klingon -- More antiques for your collection -- Cheers!
Cheers.
Happy birthday.
And you read printed matter through the bottom.
(reacts) Amazing!
Thank you.
Other people have birthdays.
Captain Kirk was your host!
(moves closer) And I'll wager he never told you about his shipmate, the beautiful and courageous Lieutenant McGiver, who gave up everything to join me in exile.
OUT OF LOVE.
We can't all be perfect, Saavik.
Thank you, Mr. Saavik.
To Doctor Marcus, the civilian director of the experiments on Space Laboratory Regula I. (thinks) I see.
Dr. Marcus... good.
(still smiling) The order comes from Starfleet command, Dr. Marcus, direct from the General Staff.
Thank you, sir.
(finally) Wonderful stuff, that Romulan ale -- Admiral Kirk -- Kirk here.
... Please help us, Jim... won't let them have... without proper... repeat... on whose authority... Carol! Jim please -- Uhura!
Plot a new course: for Space Laboratory Regula I. (pushes a button) Mr. Scott?
Ready, sir.
Regula I is a scientific research laboratory, if memory serves...
Spock: those cadets of yours -- how good are they?
Commanding a Starship is your first best destiny.
You are also my friend.
Give it up to whom?
Uhura, ask Dr. McCoy to join us in my quarters.
We're one big happy fleet.
Essentially, a great rock in space.
My God! That's Clark Terrell, Jim, I've served with him.
Oh, yes.
Your excellency, have you been listening?
You have done well...
Khan, you bloodsucker, they're finished!
Kirk! Kirk, you are still alive -- my old friend... Still, 'old friend.'
Excellent.
This is Lt. Saavik, calling Enterprise... He's alive!
Please.
The energizer's bypassed like a Christmas tree -- so don't give me too many bumps.
You'll be in the way, Dr. Marcus... best stay here.
Best speed, Scotty... There!
I'm laughing at the "superior" intellect.
Fire when ready.
Torpedoes ready, sir.
Bless you, Scotty.
It is awesome.
My God, Carl.
Well done.
Yes -- Don't grieve, Admiral -- it's logical: the good of the many outweighs -- ... the good of the few... Or the one.
Prosper.
No...! (intercom) Admiral, you've got to see this! There's new life -- a whole new world, a Genesis world -- !
(continuing) And yet, in the midst of our sorrow it should be noted that this death takes place in the shadow of new life, the sunrise of a new world, a world that our beloved comrade gave his own life to protect and nourish.
We love we commit his body to the depths of space.
Honors -- hup! Amazing Grace .
She's changed her hair again.
On my birthday.
How do you feel? (considers; smiles) Young.
(continuing) Lieutenant, new course: 'Second star to the right and straight on till morning.' Space, the final frontier...
These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise... Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds... to seek out new life and new civilizations... To boldly go where no man has gone before... Bullshit.
You sing like an angel -- a drunk angel.
Owen and Kate LAUGH.
If you were writing about my performance for your blog, what would you say?
I'd say that, uh...my wife is the sexiest, most amazing woman alive.
Kate and Charlie laugh and kiss -- and then Kate glances at Owen and makes a puppy dog face.
(jumping in) And he teaches kids at the kickboxing studio.
Oh, they're so cute!
Kate kisses Charlie and hugs Owen.
(to Charlie) I love you, baby.
I'll be waiting for you in a nice warm bed.
* Kate slowly pulls into the driveway of a small, cute house.
You smell funny.
I love you too.
Thanks, baby.
Why does the coffee taste so much better when you make it?
Because I make it with love -- and bacon.
Great job, Hillary -- let's give * her a round of applause!
(quickly moving on) Wonderful, Angela.
The students CHEER.
Nobody raises their hand.
C'mon... Finally, a student in the back -- RAMON -- raises his hand.
Ramon Martinez...COME ON DOWN! Ramon walks up and begins to write "PAN."
Oh, that's really good to know.
Um...it's the first trimester.
I'll help you.
We'll chill out with the booze for a while.
Yeah... (nostalgic) ...that was fun, wasn't it?
See ya.
Welcome.
Everything's going to be fine.
A gift -- because we're friends.
Come back to bed, baby.
Thanks again for covering for me.
Listen, Kate.
Nice little groups.
(beat) I'd be happy to take you.
Kate grins at Mr. Davies, who smiles shyly and glances away.
Thanks.
This is my first meeting.
Jenny LAUGHS.
Thanks for listening.
Kate nervously LAUGHS.
(whispered) Congratulations.
I'm really proud of you, Kate.
Really great, he's supportive, especially at first.
(glances at her watch) Let's grab coffee tomorrow, okay?
Yeah, I was married once -- (laughs) -- in my other life.
Well, then... (beat) ...what a lovely surprise -- you two came to visit.
Rochelle LAUGHS -- then realizes Kate and Charlie aren't joking.
Rochelle tears up with joy.
Oh -- that's so exciting!
I'm sober for the first time in years.
You can see how well that worked out for me... (Rochelle gestures to her living room) ...I raised his daughter in this PALACE while he's somewhere in Florida with his shiny new wife and kids.
I thought you'd be happy for me, mom.
Great.
It'll be fun.
I love you.
I love you...? Yeah... (long beat) ...I love you too.
But then she blurts -- ...I'm not going to have a baby.
No! I didn't kill my baby!
Okay, listen kids -- we shouldn't be talking about this.
Who trust you.
I finished some writing and met up with Owen to watch the game and toss a few back.
Charlie LAUGHS.
Great, well -- I'm glad I'm not actually having a baby.
(beat) Well...here she is.
Kate smiles -- but she looks more desperate and drunk than fun.
Kate LAUGHS.
Well thanks for all the support when I was trying to be sober!
I love you.
I love you too.
Love is the easy part.
Kate kisses Charlie.
(nods with approval) * Delicious.
* (proud) Thanks.
At this meeting we give cakes to celebrate sober birthdays.
We have one birthday tonight -- for Kate, for one year.
(beat) Well...that is SO not true!
I had amazing times drinking, dancing, and laughing...feeling like the most adorable, charming girl in the world.
And I was adorable.
People in the crowd LAUGH a little bit.
People knowingly LAUGH.
I wasn't happy being the "good-time girl," though.
(beat) I'm thankful for the program -- for my friends in here who took the time to help me and give a shit about me.
(laughs) Yeah, I can understand that.
(beat) That makes me happy...I mean, it fucking sucks that you're better off without me but I'm glad you're doing well.
You should go for yourself, not to make me happy.
Listen, I should go.
Yep, okay Mom, 'night.
(leans in to Jim) Kiss goodnight.
Give me that!
Oh my God! Honey, why don't you let me handle this one.
I love you!
Then she said -- she loves me.
I couldn't tell -- She could've meant like, "I love you grandma" or "I love you Vanderbilt."
Ooh, here's an easy one: "Attractive SWF, fun loving and a youthful mind seeks outgoing companion."
"Fun loving" -- insane.
Beer in hand by five after.
Scopin' the babes.
Yeah, okay Sherman, whatever.
I'm a sophisticated sex robot, sent back through time...to change the future for one lucky lady.
Well...jeez, don't laugh at me.
Hey, you did better than I did, Nova.
God, I can't believe there are so many cool people at this party.
And you got a keg, too, wow.
Here, babe.
Thanks.
(gazing into her eyes) You're really beautiful.
I promise.
He likes it.
Well that's a no.
You use nothing but the muscles of the inner thigh.
Good morning gentleman.
(interrupting, hand up) Thank you, dad, I got it.
Did you get the flowers?
That's easy, she likes you.
Do you love her?
Hey, we've got Conan the Barbarian singing with us.
No, it was good.
(to everyone) Alright, people, good work!
Keep it up and we'll do great at the state competition.
(amused) Okay.
I'm looking at the ol' family portrait, here.
It's a good one.
Please.
That's great.
Good work, Ostreicher.
Thanks coach.
I saw you making fun of me with your lacrosse buddies.
Okay, Heather, that was good, but I want to thicken up that solo.
Great.
Well you can't fake your way through this.
You better practice.
Ready to study.
He's a good little kid.
This is like the coolest thing I've ever seen.
Oh, thank you Lord, for this wonderful day.
Nice collection there, Jim.
There is a gorgeous woman masturbating on my bed.
God, how juvenile.
Yes...James, it is knowing that these beautiful women arouse you that arouses me... Oh yes.
He's re-engaging!
his dance.
Well come prom night, those excuses aren't going to do you much good.
And it was so much fun!
And we kept playing and playing but the conductor didn't know what we were doing and it was so funny!
That would be so cool.
We're gonna have so much fun!
(smiles) ...yeah.
Thanks.
No? Damn, that one was my favorite.
Our last game is this Saturday.
I just...I didn't realize it... (upset but trying to be cool) ...it's okay, you should do whatever makes you happy.
Now! Easy, tiger.
Charming.
Let the music be my guide.
Are you guys gonna look back on your days at East and know that you made the most of the time you had? COACH MARSHALL (cont'd) Now that's the attitude, Ostreicher!
Oz -- You're back -- Yeah -- -- Oh, great.
Wanna dance?
You met at that party a while back?
Yeah, we were up the whole night together.
But I know Vicky is gonna ask me if I love her.
Tonight is the night.
We're finally going to a post-prom party on the lake.
And... See -- this is the nicest room.
Coach was giving this speech, about not slacking off when you see the opportunity to score.
Well, that's what your friends call you.
Ah, Stifler's mom! Thank you for letting us have a great party.
Are you enjoying yourself?
(deadpan) I'm so happy for you.
That was awesome !
Cool! Hail! to the victors, valiant; Hail! to the conquering heroes, hail...
That was a great night.
(a wistful smile) Yeah.
I'll tell you, I've learned one thing: women, like wine, get better with age.
So Oz, you almost made it, huh? (smiles) I'll just say that we had a great night together.
Hang in there, buddy, you'll get there.
I think we're falling in love.
That's the next book.
Thanks guys.
So beautiful!
Beautiful!
But don't worry--everything's in good shape downstairs.
(warm, gentle) Yes, good.
You take care of things good for us... Next week, you come by--we talk.
(frowns; then:) He better.
Nice suit you got on.
Your hair's long.
Well... I'm gonna be heading up a new narcotics team, starting this week.
I listen first.
Served time in the Soviet Union for black market activity, come over around 1979. `S good lookin' boy!
It's a closed community and you're our only way in right now-- Yeah well, find another way.
Bobby, it's important.
Thanks for coming.
You're welcome.
Congratulations.
Good.
I'm Deputy Commissioner Spiro You know, we look around in these troubled times, and in moments like this we need leaders, men and women who can bring order back to our great communities.
We're here this holiday season to give thanks for one of these men, our Russian brother, Joseph Grusinsky.
Thank you.
(turns to Joseph) Anyway, you've shown yourself to be very brave and selfless, and I'm just, I'm very proud here tonight.
Thank you everybody for coming-- happy Thanksgiving.
She said she'd be okay by herself, so I could move in if I want... That's cool.
(without self-pity) Your family ain't gonna be too happy, though.
It's all right--they don't like nobody outside their own little world.
'S a good move.
You come to our Thanksgiving again, on Thursday?
Good--we talk more, at the dinner.
Give him, for tonight!
(Bobby smiles, winks) Ho, well!
Listen--I get this done, I want you to be a host.
Yeah, that's funny.
Bobby--c'mon, join us!
Your uncle's a great man.
Smart man.
It go good upstairs, baby?
I love you... Everybody!
It don't look good right now.
We'll see you and bump you two C's.
Siegfried and Roy, baby!
Bobkes, I love you!
Everything cool?
Thank you for coming.
Good.
I'm glad.
They said on the television your brother was doing better.
Oh, [the] man's gonna be good with that.
Sounds good.
(with a sly laugh) That way, you could dance a little, say hi to your girlfriend... Okay.
Moral of the story is, don't die.
I hope your family's doing good... Okay, I love you... Jumbo says hello too...
Bear in mind, your life is in that lighter.
My brother!
Oh, he don't come in here no more-- Well, I got fifty grand in here.
Fifty grand.
(nods; then:) That buys you three keys in here.
With the crack on the street, it's worth two hundred k.
Glad to see you made it out here today!
Good... It's rehabbing good, for only nine weeks.
Gee, that's great.
A lotta kids here, lotta family... It's nice, ain't it...?
You know how happy I am you're with me?
`Be right back... Wow, fella!
You look great!
Only when I look at you! Hey, Bobby... I'm real glad you're home... Everyone, let's, let's move inside-- there's plenty to eat! Joseph--we got some things we need to discuss, when you get the chance.
Well, you marry an ape, you don't complain about the stench of bananas.
Tucked in, nice and comfy.
No--it's better this way.
About how good you did.
Bobkes!!! C'mon, honey--let's dance!
(starts to move to ...[I] was just trying to have a little fun for once, that's all... Lou--no more of this for her.
We was all real surprised to hear about your family- -I mean, your father's like J. Edgar Hoover-- Yeah--we'll talk later, buddy--I'll call you.
Nah, we're good.
Bobby, come on--you got your own life to live-- No.
No! Now is nothing!
Look--I love you.
Thank you, sir.
Good.
Raise your right hand.
So help me God." Congratulations!
Thanks.
Clean.
(kisses him) I'll see you later.
Keep me in here--KEEP ME Bobby, we don't wanna have to put you in restraints, so just calm down!
HEY!!!! Bobkes!!! How you doin'?! I'm okay.
Thanks...
Oh Bob! That's great!
Well, he said tomorrow and that's what matters.
And wherever it is, we'll be ready for `em... Arright, guys.
Hey everybody...
(shakes head; then:) It's the right thing.
Sounds good.
OK, get on this W.House guy and do a better job then you did on McCord.
(a little more excited) Howard Hunt, please.
Thanks, anyway.
Just that on his office wall there's a cartoon with a caption reading, "When you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow."
Colson was big on secrets anyway.
(starts to smile) I'm not sure you want 'em, but I got 'em.
(to BERNSTEIN, quietly) Can you believe we're actually doing this? (BERNSTEIN can't) That was fun.
Benjy, we got a present for you.
"The Lifestyles of Deserters."
(starts lifting debris from his desk) I'm keeping much better records now, Hannah.
(couldn't be nicer) I'm so glad.
(smiles) But not now.
Hey, babe.
(quietly) Good.
Listen, I've got a dinner--can't we do this tomorrow?
I've met Mrs. Mitchell in Washington, I'm Bob Woodward of the Post and tell her-- We'll be back after lunch.
(returning with coffee) How do you like it?
Eight cups of coffee worth.
(and now for the first time, he almost smiles) You don't realize how close all this came to staying undiscovered--I gave Liddy the Dahlberg check and he gave it to Barker who took it to Miami and deposited it.
That becomes the only important thing-- the mission.
Good Christ!
I got eight kids to support--they better.
Do better.
Segovia begged me for me secret but I said, "No, Andres, you'll have to try and make it without me."
(SEGRETTI makes no reply) Your buddy from USC, Dwight Chapin-- he works for the White House.
When did he hire you?
How grand?
The story is based entirely on hearsay and-- --we at the Committee are continually amazed at the creativity shown by the Washington Post-- --although I am a Republican, I would like to state in a pure bipartisan spirit that I am happy that this latest onslaught against the intelligence of the American people will be wrapping fish tomorrow.
And?-- --and he says Chapin hired Segretti-- --well and good, but when will he say it on the record.
(they nod) You had a good source?
Right, right--OK, counting: one, two-- (he inhales deeply) --three, four, five, six-- (now he's starting to get excited) --seven, eight-- (inhales deeply) --nine, ten, thank you.
On background, I'd like to add that Bob Haldeman is one of the greatest public servants this country has ever had and the story is a goddamned lie.
It was a Haldeman operation--the whole business--he ran the money, but he was insulated, you'll have to find out how-- --wait-- (almost a smile) --there's more...
I finally got through to Sloan--it was all a misunderstanding that we had: he would have told the Grand Jury about Haldeman, he was ready to, only nobody on the Grand Jury asked him the goddamn question.
The extent of it is incredible.
I wanna dance.
So go dance.
Dance.
(to Jamie, seeming nice) If you want the lights off, I'll turn them off.
Thank you.
I had hopes for you.
(looking up, surprised) Back?
They're doing a play for the holidays.
A star frame will help you locate stars and planets with your naked eye -- (scoffing, setting her up) -- Did God create the sun? (taking him seriously) Yes, God created the universe and all its physical laws.
Even Einstein said it's a miracle that our world is comprehensible -- -- If God can do all that, why can't he get you a new sweater?
Laugh.
What makes you volunteer?
Your book and your brown sweater and your hair.
My hair is my hair.
Then one day the mirror will be the eyes of the man who loves you.
You'll be beautiful.'
You're-you're b-b- beautiful.'
Being negative's a lot more work than being positive.
(smiling) You have to promise not to fall in love with me.
Fathers love me.
(smiling) Yes.
But that can be good.
(proud) That is my telescope.
Beautiful.
She's coming over here... Heart be still.
Please.
So it's like you want to be secret friends.
I'm proud of how you're handling yourself.
Make me an isosceles.
Six boys in that family.
You'll be beautiful.
(beat) You're beautiful.'
Fine performance.
Please.
(not denying it) Scamming's a strong word.
You were great the other night.
Thank you.
That on your 'Life List.'
As you all know, we're here to celebrate the holidays and to raise money to buy books for our library.
Come enjoy the tree!
You look nice.
(calling back) Merry Christmas!
Why is he giving you a gift?
Did you give him a gift?
I saw the way he looked at you.
The way he kissed you.
Pine's my favorite.
It's got a new V-6 and transmission.
New paint.
I'd like to take Jamie to dinner on New Year's Eve.
She deserves better.
They're -- good.
I've seen students with records like yours go to J.C. for a couple of years, then transfer to a good college.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Before we do this, I just want to say that a good life's gotta be about more than achieving stuff -- like on your list.
Fun.
Mars doesn't rise until 2:30 A Thermos of hot coffee.
What's the best thing I can see tonight?
The second best thing is Jupiter.
Why am I looking at this star?
I know it's not an official designation -- It's wonderful.
I love you.
Touch a moon rock.
Good dependable qualities.
You're handsome and charming.
(quieter) It catches you by surprise.
Have I told you how proud I am of you -- ?
Mom, great.
But what I want is for me to be proud of me.
He's from a big family.
My mom's a cocktail waitress.
(calm, stung) No.
This -- him -- Landon -- is what's best for me!
We've lived with this for over a year now and -- If there is a God, how could he let this happen??!! Dr. Carter!... Carter!... Dad! Please!!
You and I may not be communicating very well right now.
If anything, doing things I love kept me healthy longer.
Happy Valentine's Day.
You gave me a chocolate.
Jamie, God is not punishing you.
I make you the same promise that God does.
Give her this, okay?
Her favorite lines from books.
(reading) 'What is a friend?
A single soul dwelling in two bodies.'
'Love is always patient and kind.
To help me through.
(quietly, to both parents) Thank you.
(gently) Landon, honey.
But I can let another share in the joy she has given me.
Do you take... 'Love is always patient and kind.
Love is never boastful or conceited.
Love takes no pleasure in other people's sins, but delights in the truth.
It is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes...' You've been well?
She taught me -- everything.
She saved my life.
Jamie once said when you're feeling love, you're also feeling God.
In love.
Edward, that bluff was beautiful.
(looking at his watch) Well!
Gentlemen, enjoy the party.
The magician's wonderful.
Lowell, right.
Give me your car keys, will you, I'm going back to my hotel.
Love this car!
(a beat) By the way, you look very nice tonight!
You look hot tonight.
Great.
Good.
Why don't you just do it out of the kindness of your heart?
Nice car.
It pays.
(a moment) If you're making fun of me, I don't like it.
In town on business?
(a small smile) I dunno... you have that sharp, useless look.
Shopping together?
They're both good at it.
Cheers.
Oooh, thank god.
Tell Kross I'll meet him for dinner.
(smiling) I'll bring it back.
Good morning.
Too good.
I'd say you give a good dollar value.
Do you ever... enjoy it?
VIVIAN (cont'd) You are major league, baby.
Look butthead, I'll treat you so nice you'll never want to let me go, okay?
Kit, listen, the guy last night, the one in the Ferrari, I'm at this hotel, the Regent Beverly Wilshire, it's this absolutely unbelievable place and he's hired me for a whole week and Kit, listen, he's paying me three thousand bucks!
Good stuff on him.
Baby! Rodeo Drive.
You have beautiful things.
I'm -- I'm with a friend.
THOMAS (cont'd) Good.
Well, thank you, that's flattering.
I also place las chocolates on the pillow.
Oooh, I love those.
Thanks!
Thanks, Barney.
(smiles) I like steak.
I have a friend who has a friend who does Cher's wigs.
Darling?
Trust me.
Good evening, Mr. Harris.
Thank you.
THOMAS (cont'd) Have a good evening, sir.
Are we ready for the next course, sir?
Thank you.
Come on, relax.
Time to shop.
I wasn't as much fun as I thought it was going to be.
I don't care how you were dressed, they were the ones who were wrong, not you.
Good.
Please.
Can you help me?
(looks at his watch) You're on your own now, Vivian.
I think it would look wonderful on you.
Warm and witty and down to earth.
(with pleasure) She is, isn't she.
We're good together.
I say the right things, I know the right people, I give wonderful parties.
I never thought stomping in grass could be so much fun.
That's why people have lunch.
How'd you and Vivian meet?
Great.
That's great.
I see a difference in you this week.
She met him at dinner last night...
So now they're best friends?
Having a good time, Vivian?
Thanks.
(forcing a bitter smile) Yeah.
I'm glad you like it.
You ever been in love with anyone?
I'm paying you to be you.
I met this boy.
Aw, he was sweet.
(a bitter smile) 'Cept when he was drunk, then he liked me a whole lot.
Those who love it will always love it; those who hate it might come to appreciate it, but they'll never truly love it.
That's the fun of it.
Not a man of wealth but one rich in dreams.
And now she asks Rudolpho if he still thinks her beautiful -- Did you enjoy the opera, dear?
I more than liked it.
I'm glad.
Thank you.
Love you... Yes? Did I wake you?
Better get dressed.
(quietly) One more night and you're finally rid of me.
You look good.
Oh, my god, you mean it was good?
(miserably) It was great.
Congratulations, sir.
It's in my best interest to cooperate, David.
He's young.
What!? Have a good day, gentlemen.
Well, well... Hello again.
Thank you.
You lookin' good, Viv'.
Nice threads.
Lift your dress and an "A" you'll see.
Cool your jets a second.
I'm gonna pay you back next time I see ya, babe.
Love ya... Coffee, Chan.
Keep the sandwich warm, I'll be back.
It's a romantic movement, Curtis.
Funny?
He was funny.
You have a lot of interesting ideas.... Who told you that?
No, it's...yeah, it's true, but... how'd you get this number?... No, not here... Maybe Sunday?
Everybody likes to, don't they?
It's very pleasurable.
They undermine traditional life; they deracinate society.
A people -- a real people -- derives its genius from the land: the sun, the sea, the soil.
And whatever's in the way doesn't matter.... Then it's easy.
He didn't realize that nobody who talks such a good game ever plays one.
That's a much easier game.
Too many good players down here.
Bigger and better.
(off Danny's reaction, smiles) A guy in a lumberyard gave it to me.
The young people in this country... They're like pigs; all they want is happiness....
(as it RINGS again; to Carla) Liebchen... Do you feel you're making progress here?
It's Mom's yartzeit.
On that day, the Eternal shall be One.
...Grant us peace, thy most precious gift, O Thou Eternal source of peace.
And we mention by name...Sophie Budnitz...Bernard Schwabb...Milton Lifter...Aaron Lustig...Minnie Baum... ...Harriet Kantor Balint... Yis-ga-dal v'yis-ka-dash sh'may ra-bo... May the Lord bless you and keep you.... May He cause the light of His countenance to shine upon you and be gracious unto you.... (to himself) Eat shit.... ...May you be blessed in your going forth as you were in your coming.... (shouting to the empty street) And let us say... (with organ; singsong) Ah -- ah -- ah....men.... What are you reading?
It's made from sheepskin.
Fine, go ahead.
We believe that God has thirteen attributes... ...Of which the highest is ein sof, which means "without end," or, sometimes, "nothingness without end...." Nothingness without end.... That's very interesting.
The purest form of spirit... Okay, everybody out.
But no one this important.
And he didn't call?... No, I don't know... Sure, come on down.... Can you bring my stuff?... Thanks...and if Drake shows up, let me know right away.... Good... How have things been going?
But you can read it, the Hebrew.... Right?
I'm good at languages.
They think it's the word of God, and it's holy, and the flesh isn't.... That's stupid.
(impressed, excited) Are you an artist?
You remember Miriam.... Yeah, hey, how're you doing... Hey... She's at Yale Law -- interning with the district attorney... (Miriam makes a face) We're getting married next spring.
Wow, that's uh...great... It's great seeing you.... Maybe Danny'd like to come to the minyan for the holidays.... Oh, good idea.
Interesting people, very open-minded, you might like them.
The only one he loves.
They only kill them when they love them?
I told you, I'm good at this.
Is that funny?
He went to his friends' place and I laid up there 'til he was better.
(enigmatic smile) Curtis is always more complicated than he seems.
Da-amiran b'alma, v'imru amen...
They're animals.
... Tomorrow me an' my woman are gonna tip on down to Atlantic City, man.
Yo, Rock -- How's your Boss?
Mebbe we make sum money togather soon... Give ya boss my best.
Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man... Me, I ain't emotionally involved.
You have my food in ya hand.
Yo Rock.
(to Bodyguard) ... The Rock's a good kid.
(removes glove) Hey, Rock, touch my hand.
Creed's great.
Yeah, they're goin', -- that's nature...
Yeah -- Did ya win?
Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it.
That's right -- It's gonna be the greatest sportin' event in this country's history -- A gala occurrence!
The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia!
(looks straight into the camera) ... Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget about sports!! Sports can only make ya grunt an' smell -- Be a thinker not a stinker!! Jerry Simpson at Kennedy Airport with the Champion, Apollo Creed.
Baseball use to be America's best sport... Sure -- Nuttin' like squattin' through a great double header, but now baseball's all business.
Clown.
Yo, Rock, you ain't happy with yourself?
(aggressively) Yo, Rocks, buy us sum wine, man.
Yo, Rock, gimme a dollar.
They think ya cute for a while, but then ya getta reputation an' watch out.
Jergens, don't play games with my client!
Nobody wants to be dissected on the country's birthday.
All I can counter with is that I'm a goddamn good promoter -- I've promoted in every country in the world -- and I've tried to the best of my abilities.
An' I'll tell you why, 'cause I'm sentimental -- An' all the people in the country all sentimental, man, an' they'd like nothin' better than me, Apollo Creed, to let some unknown get a shot at the greatest title in the world on this country's biggest birthday.
Next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder.
No, two yards from Snyder, an' a grand from Cappoli.
(smiles) You think I don't hear things?
(laughs) Count ya blessin's.
Kiss my ass.
(smiles) Buddy's got a thing against ya, Rock.
Here's fifty bucks -- You an' the girl have a nice time.
Joe Zack is a good prospect -- Exciting boy.
'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on.
Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job... Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector... Bustin' bones don't bother me -- Tell him I'm a good worker.
By the way, rumor has it that this will be the most widely-viewed sporting event in the entire world -- and that includes the Super Bowl, folks... Today U.S. swimmers set a new... ... Paulie, why didn't you tell me you were bringing him home?! Look at me, I'm not ready for this.
This guy's a friend and now he's takin' ya out.
(continuing) We'll have a good time.
It's Thanksgiving.
This girl ain't feelin' well, y'know -- The doctor says she should exercise, y'know once in awhile an' ice skatin' is the best thing -- This a con?
This guy is beautiful -- get the Cokes.
-- Havin' a good time?
(continuing) What's funny?
She said, 'You weren't born with much of a body so you'd better develop your brain.'
But the thing I'm proud of is I been in over sixty fights an' never had a busted nose -- Bent an' twisted an' bitten but never broke... That's rare.
(continuing) !!Yo, Paulie -- Ya sister's with me! I'll call ya later.
But I'm willin' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation.
(timidly) ... T-thank you.
Hey, Rock -- What happened?
... Thanks.
I'd be a good sparrin' partner.
(mind elsewhere) Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can.
Is it true the most you've ever made in a prizefight is five hundred dollars?
It will be the first sporting event on our two hundredth birthday and is already being called by many the greatest farce in sports history.
Yo, Rock -- now ya'll be lookin' for people to help, right?
Help what?
Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it.
(smiles) Does Santa Claus charge juice?
Merry Christmas -- Now, how's about my present, ya gonna win?
Listen, kid, I'm with ya.
Ya know, Rock, remember when we was kids, we fought together.
Look who's home!
Hey, Mickey -- Whatta ya doin' here?
(continuing) Best seat in the house -- Hey, Mick, this is too much.
Listen, Rock, you're a very lucky guy.
Good records.
I done it all, there ain't nothin' about the world of pugilism that ain't livin' up here.
(stronger) Fifty years.
The rep is known around Philly, an' a good rep can't be bought, but I don't have to tell you that.
(softly) Ya got a good mind for dates.
(shows a tiny press clipping; points to cauliflower ear) An' he give me the vegetable on the ear.
Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker.
(honestly) Apollo's a great fighter.
Yeah, he's great.
(bellowing) I am the Champion of the whole world!!! (continuing) (approaching Rocky) Italian Stallion, I come over to tell you to be very smart an' after this fight donate what's gonna be left of your body to science, cause after this fight what's left won't fill a tuna fish can!...
So beware, Mon Cher!!! (continuing) This classic fight -- Tha's right, this bicentennial fight's goin' down in the history books 'cause January first I'm gonna be the first man to bounce another man offa the planet Pluto! (continuing) Now I gots a special announcement, y'hear.
For the first time in alotta years this championship fight is gonna be on your home T.V.! Free -- 'Course that's just for Philly -- My present to the city... Now some ya'll ain't much on likin' me, but ya gotta admit Apollo Creed is one DAMN generous, 100% pure, government inspected, Afro-American Folk Hero!!! (loud) Ya nothin', Boy! (continuing) I say ya nothin'!
Yo' know I iz the best man here!
(continuing; insanely) Man, yo' best keep them cameras out!
(softly) Let's take a walk, Rock.
No... Sharp -- You look great.
Can't fool around -- You look very great.
Ya right -- (laughs) Mebbe we best just hold hands -- the shirt made me feel guilty, y'know.
Yo, Rock.
To see ya train.
I thought I was doin' ya a favor -- C'mon inside -- Y'know, my sister really likes ya.
Just relax, Mr. Balboa -- (to the camera) Today we're here with heavyweight challenger, Rocky Balboa.
(to Adrian) You forget what I went through to give ya the best.
I always seen ya had the best, but did ya ever think of puttin' in a good word for me with this scumbag!
So instead I put you two together -- Did ya think of puttin' in a good word for me?
Good?
Good, Paulie?! I've been treatin' you like a baby.
-- Ya let 'im in ya pants, didn't ya! Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it, didn't ya!! (fuming) Hey -- (softly) ... I can't haul meat no more.
You do what you do an' I do what I do best -- that's it -- that's life, man! (continuing) ... An' what ya said to my girlfriend ain't right -- Do it again, I'll kill ya.
(smiles) ... Yes -- His defense is great, can't lie 'bout that -- You have a rollin' style.
Beautiful.
(continuing) Rocky, when ya climb into the square, an' know ya' meetin' the best fighter in the world, ya' gonna be ready, ya' gonna be ready 'cause I been waitin' for fifty years -- Fifty years.
(smiles) ... Run for mayor.
I ain't seen ya for nine or eight years -- Yeah, things is great, how's things with you upstate -- Ya sellin' real estate, hey, that's a good job... Yeah, I gotta advance, but I bought ringside seats for the guys at the gym.
Listen, I think a pet shop is a good investment, y'know -- I don't care 'bout long hours -- there's no depreciation -- that don't matter none to me -- Yeah, I like animals.
... I'm doin' it for a friend.
I get the robe an' Paulie gets three grand.
We would like to welcome our viewing audience to the Grand World Championship Bicentennial Heavyweight Fight -- the first major event of the Bicentennial Year...
I would like to welcome an old friend, and co- commentator for this evening's event -- Jimmy Michaels.
God bless ya, Rock.
The Champion is smiling and toying with the man -- trying to give the fans their money's worth and make a show of it with the badly out-classes challenger -- Another left to right combination.
Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight.
... The guy's great.
Round three ready to start and should be interesting to see if Creed can put the challenger away -- there goes the bell.
No way -- but the brilliant ability of the Champion to master situations like this is one of his most outstanding traits -- Creed tosses a perfect right hand that rocks Rocky.
Cover up! (to Assistant) My man's cut, my man's bleedin' -- Get ready!
That guy's great.
Ya getttin' tagged with his right.
Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam.
Keep on him -- You're doin' great.
No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro! Wanna keep goin'?
Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best!
... Thanks.
Ya gave it ya best shot!
Gimme ya best!!!! (continuing) Gimme ya best!!! ... Ain't gonna be no rematch.
Attention, please!! Attention!! Ladies and gentlemen, tonight we have had the rare privilege to have witnessed the greatest exhibitions of stamina and guts ever in the history of sports.
Judge Conners scores it nine- six Creed... Winner and still Heavyweight Champion of the World, Apollo Creed!
I love you -- I love you -- I love you... That's a state prisoner, asshole...! Back off... Come on... APO 657, Unit 25 to APO 478t APO 657t Unit 25 to APO 478.
Escape in progress.
You pull down four bills a week which is damn good, and you mix the best Pina Coladas I've ever had...
You oversimplify every... Some things are simple, right?
I never paid for it in my life.
I never paid for it in my life.
We'll pay for the girls and have a good time... Don't you trust me?
And can I have a cup of coffee?
Please.
When you start with that attitude... it's like I don't know who you are.
I make you feel good.
You make me feel good.
Yeah, for some reason, I'm sure... Thanks for the coffee.
Hey, relax ... Jack, you wanna come inside, fine...
Great.
(continuing) When I say jump, girl, you better jump.
They were good cops.
Last year, it was Saturday Night Specials..now it's heavy stuff.
I'll help you out.
But you better watch your ass.
You really know how to send a guy out with a great attitude.
Great place for lunch.
Yeah, one of my favorites.
The job first.
You here to write my life story?
An awesome move.
Thank you.
I don't know what the hell you're smiling about, watermelon.
Right where Chinatown starts.
You did a real good job... Guess you deserve a reward.
I'm impressed with you too, Jack you did a real good job of busting up a couple of dykes bedded down for the night.
Don't make me laugh, sucker.
We rousted them... Go up and sweet talk 'em.
I was getting ready to finish you off.
Right here, right now.
Okay, from now on, I'm gonna be real good, Jack.
A lot better than under a mattress, right?
Right, partner.
They take Sunday off.
Place opens at seven o'clock Monday morning.
That was in style a couple years back, man.
Oh ... You're a schoolteacher... No, I go to a school to learn how to do hair.
He's trading his girl for the money.
Bein' good at your job don't explain everything, Jack ... Yeah.
Trust me.
If he spent one legal day in his whole life, it'd be a record...This is it for you... suspension, review board... you've had it.
They were real nice lookin' too...In bed together, hardly any clothes one watching TV... What makes you think they were lesbians, or as you so quaintly put it, dykes?
Come on, they were a little old for a slumber party.
Do I get to kiss her too?
If she's right, and if you don't screw up.
Billy's in the first room off the hall ... With rosalie ... He's makin' her happy tonight.
You don't understand about the way it is with him, do ya?
Okay, reggie, start bustin' my chops... Tell me how great you were with that chick.
Thanks.
It's cool, it's cool.
(to Parker) Look, all you have to do is smile real pretty and tell him- -What?
Parker, listen, listen.
It's so easy.
Trust me.
My charming smile?
Dan and Lynch smile back at her.
Oh, cool.
You never come around for Monday night football, nobody has seen you at- -I watched the game with you last week!
I love this girl.
is to relax and have fun.
LYNCH (cont'd) Dan lets go of Parker's hand and gives her a smile.
She smiles back.
He playfully sticks his tongue out at her and she laughs as their chair moves forward exiting frame.
Dan and Lynch smile.
Dan's laughing.
Well, thank you for your help.
(calling to her) Shan! Well it was nice to meet you.
Finally, Parker comes to a stop on her own next to Dan and he claps for her.
Well, speaking of good skiing... it's been cool doing the bunny hill all day but do you think we could get one real run in before we leave tonight?
Parker is now walking back to their table behind Lynch and is pretty much right on top of them.
It's been cool watching Parker fall on her ass all day but I would like to actually ski at some point.
Well, my roommate and I come like every Sunday, so maybe I'll see you.
That would be...a nice time.
See ya later.
I've only smoked pot like 500 times so I'm good.
You! That's so like you!
Like the quickest run ever.
Good for you, Lynch.
It's my brother's bachelor party.
Easy.
I wasn't yelling at you but you need to relax.
It's headlights shine across the trees in front of it.
Dan begins to cheer.
WOO- Oh, thank God.
The three kids cheer.
Steve listens.
No! No! Quickly Dan and Lynch start to ball together the slush on the sides of the chair.
The moon shines down on the mountain.
The wind makes eerie sounds as it whistles through the frozen trees.
I don't wear a watch.
...and I'm gonna go out on a limb and say Lucky Charms pre-purple horseshoes.
Great.
(then) Best Christmas present you ever got?
I'm alive.
As warm as I can.
I'm gonna marry her.
Shannon's got a great job.
Steve's a good name for a dog.
"Here, meet my cat Chris."
(then) I want to open presents in the morning and then wait for my grandmother to show up so we can eat.
And she makes this special hot apple cider thing with cinnamon and nutmeg.
It's so good.
And my sister, my Mom, and I watch A Christmas Story until the marathon is over.
Their bodies are huddled together, but neither is moving.
We were into a lot of the same stuff, which was cool.
She was way into Aerosmith.
She um... same favorite movie as me.
So I was like, "who are you laughing at?"
Told her to go laugh with "Dean the Frat guy".
(laughs) She's dating Dean.
He was the boy I was gonna marry.
Funny story.
I loved him so much.
Finally, he is able to plunge the ski pole deep into the wolf's body.
The morning sun hits Parker's pale face.
The sun is coming up.
She looks around for her snow board, but with all of the fresh snowfall it is buried and gone.
As she makes her way she spots a tree... with bright red blood splayed out in the snow around it.
It's ears go back and it growls loudly at Parker.
Back to his family.
She is free.
Please.
Yeah, that was great, wasn't it?
Cute little buggers.
Magic carpet?
You got nice arms.
Relax, slugger...
You were about to tell me how much you enjoy spending time at the dog track... Saw me there did you?
I can help you.
That you're alive?
Ready for the important part?
What a brilliant plan, and oh, so simple too.
This is a check for ten grand- We're not mercenaries.
And now this chick, first time you meet her, burns down our hotel.
You better be.
Have fun... What do you have on her?
It used to be so simple.
A post 9/11 world...
Jesus, fine - we're saving North America, does that make you happy?
Beautiful.
The dog was good eating, though.
Good boys.
She doesn't get a vote- (staring at Roque) Goliath.
I have an idea... Holy- Sarge, come quick!
We appreciate you meeting us in a single story facility.
And he hasn't told them he is alive?
Good.
Verrrry good.
I got jungle fever, you've got jungle fever, we've got jungle fever, we're in love... ...she's gone black-boy crazy, I've gone white-girl hazy, ain't no thinking maybe, we're in love... Yo! Package for Henderson!
Excuse me one moment- I'll take that, thank you.
Good afternoon, Mr. Henderson, Richard Hertz from Internal Security.
It was this secret government project.
So Jolene sings her the song, right?
So my wife and my four year old ended up tying a frilly purple ribbon round the old oak tree in our yard to bring Daddy home... Thought that counts, right?
You stay right here.
I do not think you are funny.
The Pooch is good.
Get on with it... That's a nice hat.
One wash, good as... What are you smiling at?
They were good guys.
What, it's a cool name!
(off Pooch's look) It's a cool name- Hello?
We good?
Well done.
Thank you.
(looks to the others) We win.
That's a good one.
It's finally happened and the sooner Washington accepts that and starts figuring out how we're going to deal with these beings, the better off we're going to be.
Do you hear me? (incredulous) The other one is alive!
It was great to have you back...
The kids loved it.
We loved it.
No, but there sure were a lot of people who saw lights in the sky last night.
Good.
Good.
Thank you.
(smiling) Yes.
The only thing I'm good at is this...
R-r-S-s... T-t-U... u-V-v... (pointing correctly to the various animals) Cow... Dog... Pig... W-w... What? (knows what's coming) What's so funny about X? (his voice quavering) George, we've just confirmed the existence of the live extraterrestrial.
In God We Trust.
Smile.
Smile... good?
Minneapolis... good.
Closed?
Morning, folks.
Satisfied?
(after a loud burp) Good.
I am good.
(without looking at her) Horses.
Transmute was successful.
Are you ladies through?... Good...
(loud) Red light!
That was a red light!!
You better.
Sun... day.
Day... night.
I promise.
(pointing to baby) Is that a baby?
A baby is a new person?
The closest... Why? I'd love to have a baby.
That's easy.
Tomorrow morning.
Is there a reward in this?
Yeah, thanks.
Are you my friend?
(smiles) I am your friend.
God is your master.
Please.
That was beautiful.
(incredulous) You liked my singing?
On the radio they say it's good.
(coming to the car with a drink can in each hand) The machine gave me two.
Don't forget to tell the boys where you had a good time.
I'll make this as simple as I can, George.
Good job, neither do I.
Hey, that sounds interesting.
She's a bright kid.
It is beautiful.
But I'm free now.
Is he on his way to Lathrop Wells?
I promise.
I don't know what you do on your planet, but I didn't think that was very nice walking out on me like you did.
The Cook said I speak good English.
You promised.
We'll get a ride in the morning.
Good morning.
No. (to the horse) Hello... hello.
(meaning the horses) They are beautiful.
You won ten dollars.
You want the baby to laugh at me.
Everything's going to be fine.
(leans forward to look up at night sky) Which star is yours?
(smiles) I will wave to you.
Thank you, Jennyhaydn.
You are good.
Right under that mountain.
You say you love me and kiss me 'goodbye.'
I love you.
I love you.
You are the most wonderful guy in the whole wide world, and I love you madly, Teddy Nelson!
But it's my story and my fantasy.
Come on, bro.
My best friend.
See? Did you see that?
She smiles at everyone, Ted.
I love tofu burgers, rainy nights, and riding bareback.
Here's a tip: set it on VIBRATE, honey, and don't be stingy with the lube.
I defy your hamburger theory of life, and all of the unfulfilled hopes and dreams it represents.
But already, she had made a difference in my life.
Your last big scoop contrasted the popularity of Rice Crispie Treats and chocolate Snickerdoodles at the annual bake sale.
Is ignorance bliss?
Ask her to the prom.
So proud of his peaches.
I'm getting so good at this.
There was no place for a baby.
They did do one great thing.
Your father was a great man.
(shouting) This is the life, baby.
Enjoy it while you can.
Welcome, Mr. Nelson.
You are so very very welcome here.
The handsome, devoted best friend.
See what you do to me, baby.
Oh my, he would have been so proud.
You said parties but you meant ORGIES, right?
This is a fun place...but we don't usually come here until after the orgies.
Good advice, Ted.
I really love your peaches, wanna shake your tree.
How are you, baby?
Did you have a nice flight?
Are they taking good care of you?
Trust me.
(not getting it) Well, good.
I better go, Dad.
Have fun in... (trying to be hip) ...the land of fruits and nuts.
Another vision of incomparable beauty?
Beauty?
In the Grand Canyon.
Or do you have a taste for the good life, Ted? It's in your blood.
God, I love being dead.
I like her. (relieved) Nice choice.
There you are, Ted-baby.
Everything's cool.
You ready for your big coming out party?
My parents always said you never get a second chance to make a good first impression.
Right, right.
You are the Emperor of every little girl who dreamed of growing up to see her naughty bits spread eagle, airbrushed to glossy perfection, with staples through her ass.
You were the new and improved you.
I would have been laughed right out of Xenia.
No one will be laughing at you now, Ted.
Well...for one thing...I think it's despicable that we exclude so many women that only fit our western notion of "classic beauty."
The world is a big, beautiful place.
New Hushpuppies don't make a new man.
Ted, you are the best editor this school paper ever had.
That's a good start, yes.
Thank you.
Great jacket, Teddy Bear.
It's so nice to have FRIENDS like you, Christy.
Ah ha!
I'm still better than you.
Goodness...it's delicious.
Why, thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Ted has bettered our lives to the point where I can no longer see myself as "the old Jimmy" I was but a day or two past.
We're grateful, Ted.
Those Craftsman tools...they're a dream come true.
Goodness.
You're free.
I'll be right back! Well?
(whining) Why can't you be nice to me? You've got enough people kissing your ass.
Here you go, cutie patootie.
To expand the traditional western notions of "beauty."
Poochie loves Daddy, doesn't she?
Thank you, dear.
Let's show the nation our cows aren't the only ones with great udders.
This, my friends, this is not "Heaven."
Thank you for that long-winded but impassioned speech, Mr. Merkin.
(greeting the women) Hello there...Looking great...Very nice.
We're being ejected from a prom!
Everybody, listen up!
Let's party at my place!
I love those springy head puppies!
Having fun? Letting down our hair on prom night?
To the best hiding place in the world.
You're amazing.
Your audience is way ahead of you.
They say money can't buy happiness but this is a reasonably good facsimile.
My new bike.
Better view, more spacious, new carpet.
Funny you should say that.
I'm cool with everything.
I'm happy for you.
This couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Amen to that.
It's one o'clock in the morning, on a school night.
Shoes are my thing.
Sounds, voices, music, humming.
I realized the most important thing to me, above all, is trust.
I've seen a lot of really beautiful girls.
(she smiles, sexily) Are you hungry?
God, you are so hot.
This will be so fantastic, Teddy Bear.
Trust me.
I've been crazy about you forever, and this is definitely a page right out of my palm pilot, but I just can't go through with it.
You're only human.
It has nothing to do with emotion, nothing to do with love.
I liked you better when you were sweet and kind and human, like the rest of us.
You got a great sense of humor.
I love the three hundred pound Eskimo chick.
We wanted to challenge the notions of classic beauty.
Good job, son.
Look, the girls of Xenia are gorgeous, you'll see.
I always thought I wanted fame and fortune and beautiful women.
But sometimes your dreams come true, and they cause you nothing but grief.
They kept this scrapbook of your life.
It's the one you want to cover up with your coat that you really love.
They're playing our song.
(extending his hand) Dare I ask for this dance?
(taking his hand) You better.
I'm a sucker for a happy ending.
He was spotted by a talent scout... ...and went on a European summer tour, fulfilling his lifelong dream.
Hey, you couldn't help me with an incredibly important decision, could you?
That's right -- I'm at last going out on a date with the great Janine and I just want to be sure I've picked the right t-shirt.
Cool, huh? Yes -- she might think you don't have true love on your mind.
Well done.
Thanks.
Great.
This is work, by the way, my little travel book shop... ... which, well, sells travel books -- and, to be frank with you, doesn't always sell many of those.
Can I help you?
Thanks.
Signed by the author, I see.
Well, that's the signature -- and above, it says 'Dear Rufus -- you belong in jail.' Nice one.
Would you like a cup of tea before you go?
Thank you.
My pleasure.
Nice to meet you.
Surreal but nice.
'Surreal but nice.'
Thanks.
I apologize for the 'surreal but nice' comment.
I thought the apricot and honey business was the real lowpoint.
Smile.
Can I help you?
Marvellous.
Oscar- winning stuff.
'Time Out.' Great.
And you... (seeing it on a coffee table) 'Horse and Hound.'
You've brought her flowers?
I brought these, but clearly... Oh no, ho -- these are great.
Oh yes -- excellent.
I just... ahm, change my personality, because you can do that in dreams, and walk across and kiss the girl but you know it'll never happen.
Well, it was nice to meet you.
Surreal but nice.
Thank you.
You are 'Horse and Hound's' favorite actress.
You and Black Beauty.
Mr. Thacker's from 'Horse and Hound.' Pleased to meet you.
Right, right.
Ahm -- did you enjoy making the film?
Thank you.
Yes, Happy Birthday.
Look, your brother has brought this girl, and ahm... Hi guys.
Anna -- this is Honey -- she's my baby sitter.
I absolutely and totally and utterly adore you and I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world and more importantly I genuinely believe and have believed for some time now that we can be best friends.
Happy Birthday.
You gave me a present.
We're best friends already.
Marry Will -- he's a really nice guy and then we can be sisters.
Delighted to meet you.
Honey Bunny -- happy birthday to you.
Splendid.
I'm actually in the stock- market, so not really similar fields, though I have done some amateur stuff -- P.G.
Well done.
I fancy you.
Gardens.
Now seriously -- what in the world in this garden could make that ordeal worthwhile?
Nice garden.
'For June, who loved this garden -- from Joseph who always sat beside her.' Some people do spend their whole lives together.
I prefer that other one -- blonde -- sweet looking -- has an orgasm every time you take her out for a cup of coffee.
I love that you tried... time was I'd have done the same.
Enjoy your meal.
Nice surprise.
There's this girl... Aha! I'd been getting a female vibe.
Good.
Thanks.
The hair, I admit, is unfashionable frizzy -- but she's as bright as a button and kisses like a nymphomaniac on death row.
Everything's got the word 'Kensington' in it -- Kensington Park Road, Kensington Gardens, Kensington bloody Park Gardens... Tessa -- this is Bella my wife.
Interesting stuff.
Delicious coffee.
Thank you.
Interesting means inedible.
That would be... great.
I think you have forgotten... (he looks at them) what an unusual situation you have here -- to find someone you actually love, who'll love you -- the chances are... always miniscule.
(pause) Still loves you though.
In a depressingly asexual way.
I mean I loved you -- you were terribly funny.
'Cartwright, Wainwright, whatever your name is, I promised little Jimmy I'd be home for his birthday -- could you get a message through that I may be a little late.' 'Certainly.
Brilliant.
Fantastic.
It's delicious.
Today has ben a good day.
Well, thank you. (awkward pause) Anyway -- time for bed.
I'm delighted you're not.
Chicks love grey.
'Well done you -- you slept with that actress -- we've seen the pictures.'
Have a cup of tea.
I don't want a goddamn cup of tea.
Our perspectives are different.
Something which will make you love me so much you'll want to hug me every single day for the rest of my life.
Well, thanks, that's great.
It is great, isn't it.
Hey, Marty-- sexy cardy.
A tiny hiccough.
I've found myself a nice, slightly odd looking bloke who I know is going to make me happy for the rest of my life.
Thank you.
They're classics.
Awards, glory ... Oh no.
Thank you.
Okay -- well, thank you.
But thank you anyway.
Anyway... it's lovely to meet you.
I'm a great fan of yours.
Not often in and out of love.
Thanks.
Go! You're my hero.
Thanks.
It was good.
Pleasure to see you again, Mr. Bingham.
Pleasure to see you again, Mr. Bingham.
It's these kinds of systemized friendly touches that keep my world in orbit.
The digital juice dispensers and mini pizzas stacked to their heat lamps are the warm reminders that I am home.
Let me plant seeds, they'll grow to Oaks.
Good.
I love that sound.
You tell me your best joke.
I've heard it before, but listen anyway.
Fast friends aren't my only friends, but my best friends.
I'm peaceful.
That's good.
You're satisfied with Maestro?
The new outfit, Colonial, isn't bad.
(I love you) I'm Ryan.
Hilton offers equal value and better food - But the Maplewood gives out warm cookies at check in.
Good call on the towel rack.
Thanks.
Now, last Summer we received a dynamite young woman by way of Cornell.
Have a good day, Mr. Laskin and good luck with your future.
Thank you.
You can start the morning in Boston, stop in Dallas over lunch and finish the day in San Francisco.
Great job in there, Nat.
Thank you.
Rounding everybody up.
I travel two hundred seventy days a year.
Bingo.
They're light packers, treasure efficiency, and have a thing for slip-on shoes.
God love'em.
I'm building a work flow of firing techniques.
You hand them one of these...
Everything important in life comes with a packet.
Thank you for coming by.
And the tree of aspirations.
Sounds cool.
Thanks for the advice.
Man alive.
Please, for the love of God, can I fire the next one?
How generous.
Why? There's this beautiful bridge by my apartment.
It comes with the trade.
Start with casual acquaintances, people around the office, friends of friends and work your way to the people you trust with your most intimate secrets.
Life can underwhelm you that way.
It was our pleasure.
Well done.
Loves dogs.
Likes funny movies.
Brown hair.
In a perfect world, he drives a Four Runner and the only thing he loves more than me is his golden lab.
Oh... and a nice smile.
Not an asshole would be nice?
Comes from a good family - You don't think about that when you're younger.
Healthy enough to play catch with his future son one day.
Nice smile... Yep, a nice smile just might do it.
You're young.
It's going to be fine.
You did? (smiles, continues story) Right?
Now, somehow, this woman runs the gauntlet of your ridiculous "life choice" and comes out the other end with a smile - Just so you can call her casual.
Stick to the simple stuff.
Welcome to Detroit.
Good thing we brought our best.
She's great.
However, the sooner you can tell yourself that there are greater opportunities waiting for you... Greater opportunities?
Thank you for your time, Mr. Samuels.
Thank you for your time.
You did good.
Right... Right.
You did - I was real proud of you.
Thanks.
Then kiss me.
What in life is worth doing that doesn't have a packet.
Um, I love you?
You are so beautiful.
Kara was right.
I brought those photos you were asking for... Oh great!
Well, Jim has a lot of our nest egg invested in this real estate venture right now.
Thanks.
Sounds nice.
This is what we were promised.
That's a nice touch.
No, I'm good.
He's going to make a great husband.
Oh... Oh, great.
It's easy.
Us buying a house and moving in together.
Having a kid... Having another kid... (begins to snowball) ... Thanksgiving, Christmas, spring break, football games, all of a sudden they're out of school, getting jobs, getting married, And then, you know... I'm a grandparent.
It's marriage... it's the most beautiful thing on Earth... you know, what everyone aspires to...
The greatest moments of your life?
It's better with company.
That's a nice touch.
Thanks.
Welcome home.
We have our "around-the-world" tickets.
Getting our work horses back out doing what they do best.
Please.
Sounds toasty.
Excellent.
(calling back) Nice ensemble!
Good enough!
God! Take a chill lozenge.
No, I'll hitch a ride with Jeffrey.
Nice game.
He's an animal.
What are you grinning at?
Good.
The winter dance.
The senior dance?
See, Cassandra likes it.
Cassandra's my friend.
Can I be your friend?
Let's meet tonight, okay?
Kimberly, it's the senior dance.
Amazing! (to the other girls) Smell of booze much.
Nice much.
Well, that's the thing.
It's be beauty.
Hey, I was thinking, for the dance, what about a big sign that says 'Don't Tread On Me'.
Hey, baby, how ya doing?
Thanks.
The city of Angels.
We are man, perfected.
Oh, yes.
And the man from your dreams.
Good Lord.
It will be a long while before you are ready to face him.
It was at a Doobie Brother's concert.
Everybody's got a secret.
The sun!
Nice night for a walk.
Never corner yourself like that.
Nice conversationalist!
Yeah, I felt 'em a little, but I ain't due for two weeks since you're so excited about the subject.
A reaction to their presence, to the... unnaturalness of it.
Oh, wonderful.
The important thing is not to panic.
That's my guitar... Come on, come on.
Don't leave me, baby.
Make me proud.
Umm, listen, I'm not....
Cheer up.
I'm good.
Well, stay here tonight.
So let's go!! Yeahh!!!!
Two! Four! Six! Eight!
Yay!! Buffy, Jesus!
Thirty-two! Hike! Come on!
Wait! (calls as she runs) He knows who I am! Hey, babe.
I'm telling the world!
Grueller, God, what did they do you?
The Master walks tonight.
Thanks.
(continuing) Listen, I...
It's a beautiful night.
You've blown off cheerleading, you've blown off dance committee -- Excuse me for having something important to do.
Kimberly, it's a dance.
It happens ot be the last dance of our last year.
And Spring Fling.
You want to play house with the unwashed masses, that's fine.
(laughs) Aren't we the chatty ones.
For the dance.
I'm going to the senior dance.
(charades) Second word... sound like 'dance'.
I'm going to the dance.
It's the senior dance.
Benny was right.
Buffy... Well, it came with the tux.
Thanks.
Oh. (continuing) I'm glad you guys are here.
It's good to see you.
It's amazing what you can do with a parachute and some starch.
What, didn't you bring your new friends?
The first thing we should -- Buffy...
You wanna dance?
Everybody be quiet!
(continuing) Good thing one of us was prepared.
Bring round the table.
Oh, yes! Yes! Oh, baby!
Finally got those bitches on the run.
I was gonna give you life!
Pleased to meet you!
Your life is not a blink of my eye, not a single breath.
This is the suckiest party I have ever been to.
Trust me.
But that's OK `cause the most important thing is to know that everybody loves each other.
This is the day that my daddy says is the happiest day of his life.
His happiest day!
Fleury smiles, looks out at the class.
They stopped pulling and the doctor looked up at me and said `Hey, Mr. Fleury - you ready to have your world rocked?'
And he looked down at me and screamed "Daddy!!" The kids are howling!
Eyes lift up from his painting: the yells-claps-screams are coming from a softball game mostly visible behind the Compound's reinforced walls that extend a mile in each direction.
Played on the only stretch of green grass visible from this vantage.
Sun is shining.
I like that, "Sun is shining..." A tight smile from Haytham.
Another Middle-Eastern POLICEMAN takes in the motley competition: half-smiling, half-smirking at a plump-pink White Man cheering on his plump-pink 9 year-old Son sliding into third.
Clapping and Hoots.
It is new in scope.
(beat) Well...
Please.
The Saudis covet good PR as much as their Oil: 15 of 19 hijackers on 9- 11 means most Americans will never stop asking if that Saudi Oil is worth it.
Elaine Flowers, Senior Correspondent, Washington Post: Coffee amp'd, deep black raccoon eyes - heavy wrinkled khakis.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Your Highness.
I had an interesting conversation with a reporter from the Post.
Words like these get syndicated to papers like the Omaha World-Herald, The Terrell Tribune -- You ever been to Terrell, Texas?
One of them was a good friend of mine.
Small smile from Leavitt.
Simple religious men become trillionaires... a schizophrenic nation is born.
Impersonal wealth.
Al-Ghazi is passed to a silent, boundless staff holding serving platters jammed with cups of mint tea.
Al-Ghazi greets the Prince formally: kiss the right shoulder near the clavicle.
(beat, putting it kindly:) The General does not have investigative experience.
You're lucky to have a role at all.
Final descent beginning.
More stars above than lights below.
(getting his bearings) I'm good.
(beat) I'm good "Good" is 6:00 am Sunday morning when your kid climbs into your bed, buries himself into you... sun's creeping through the windows - soft.
I'm OK...You don't think I'm OK? (small smile) I think you're not entirely clear right now.
Good.
Groggy but pumped.
Yeah, buddy.
I love you.
I love you.
Fleury begins unpacking.
The doors of the first four open in-unison.
(big smile) You are in so much trouble.
Nice work, but if you live through this, which I put at about fifty percent - if you do, your balls are gonna get stretched and beaten on.
Don't let go of his hand first.
(to Fleury in English) You will please honor me with your presence tonight at my home.
Nice pictures.
The hands insert bright-red blasting caps into the explosives, lengths of detonating-wire emanating from each cap.
The Athan sounds for Dhuhr.
The Athan sounds again for Dhuhr.
Before she lands, cocky and smooth: Good.
Couldn't speak because she didn't have the bottom of her face and I wasn't home and my baby boys are destroyed for life and my five year- old had a box of band-aids in his hand when I finally got home?
Can we please do that?
Smiles.
The Saudis have finally seen the Monsters they helped create, because those Monsters have come home.
(genuine smile) (smile vanishing) You're on an island.
Raising his coffee, toasting Fleury's cup: Then here's to you.
Al-Ghazi on a cell, rattling orders in excited Arabic: ... every investigator on-scene by midnight, 50 more portable lights, three more pumps- (to Leavitt) Do me a favor and tell Janet that she and Damon Schmidt got a date when he gets back to the States.
(beat) But tomorrow will be a new day.
REVEAL PHOTOS on a nearby table: the Al-Rahmah compound, Fleury with Al-Ghazi, Leavitt and Mayes, Sykes and Haytham.
Al-Ghazi smiles... I'm "all ears," Special Agent Fleury.
Is your first name `Colonel?' (a small smile) Faris.
Leavitt stares.
Al-Ghazi keeps moving up and into what is definitely on Fleury's top ten list of the most bizarre places he's ever been.
You will be spoken to about their presence here.
It'll start living in your dreams.
(right at Fleury) You won the hand on the River card.
Holy Wow.
It's a small win.
Catching the cell was easy.
Canned beer especially.
Al-Ghazi and Fleury both looking back to the following Suburban now.
I am no traitor to my God.
The team's first smiles -- collective.
Haytham smiling, bandaged himself.
Thank you, Lieutenant Haytham.
Hands him a beautiful wooden prayer bead necklace.
May peace be with all of us, my friend.
I'm proud of you.
Ronnie, you ready?
(alts: "We will win this." "We will end this."
Lyla watches, standing by a tree.
We let Sanderline finish this beating, we get his gratitude.
We gonna let Rock-a-bye fight too- -relax Junior.
I smile big: Sanderline, I'm Lieutenant Klein of the LAPD and a real big fan- -you're under arrest.
* Diskant works Saturdays.
Press camped out post-Sanderline, looking for quotes to hang me with.
My kid sister and only living family.
I smile to defuse.
I drift despite my best efforts and for a split second you see the Hell I see when sleep wins: Fire where the clouds should be -- POP -- in a backseat, point-blank Tommy-gunning two smiling men -- POP -- Marine fatigues soaked in blood, plunging my bayonet into a cheesecake-white belly -- POP -- that beautiful blonde from * the Olympic, smiling -- POP- * -awake.
My Sister's new Hump.
You got a birthday coming up.
Dyed orange hair and a burnt-butter grin.
She sees me see, tries to cover * nonchalant.
Is your partner on hand?
My message of civic advancement manifested in that beautiful blue baseball team was starting to hit home.
As I aim their way, one of my favorite * men aims at me, wearing this Great White grin: FRITZ KOENIG.
* My ass first Fritz, yours second.
Fair?
Good thing you're not a cop.
Thank you.
A reporter finally makes me.
`Hey, Enforcer!' Shutterbugs beeline my way, firing flashbulbs from the hip.
Junior writes seizure abstracts, sealing materials in green-banded * evidence bags.
He makes me wait as he finishes writing.
Respect them.
Coffee's in the kitchen.
We're set on a place where we can stash you and Rock.
Inspired!
They'll write about `Gangster Mickey,' the glory days.
Pat myself down for a pen, scribble on my hand: "A-I-N-G-E" Is he okay with making it look real- -he can't hit me in the face!
Belly laughter from inside.
* She holds her scan for a blink, a different smile, eyes sex- placid now, rolled-back now -- she just saw what she was looking for: hidden eyes staring back at her.
I'm better than that.
Girl that works here, gigs the late sets, the torch stuff Fridays and * Saturdays, name of Tilly Hopwell.
* I saw her singing the other night.
She * got a lot more good in her than not- * Driving.
Voices down the hall, male, laughter, goofball guffaws.
Her right hand claws at tile.
Bring it back like Babe Ruth over his head.
Floorboards under Ainge's bed pried-up.
Thank God gunshots * and screams are school-nights in this slum.
* Two grand.
Parker appreciates Bradley's political skills...and the addition of a professional Ball-club to our fare city fulfills his own personal mandate of a cleaner, brighter, LA.
He's in a bit of a bind.
Pull my pig- sticker, extend it between door and jamb...see the twine stretching tighter -- flick the blade, snag twine, slice it.
Then walk over, read the abstracts: 1284 South Tremaine.
Junior the Climber, trading me up to Noonan.
Close it.
BEGIN BLASTING.
I step calm.
Welles Noonan staring.
His `excellent ratings' didn't stop him from stealing the Magdalena seizure and doing his own investigation.
Laughter.
My days are done.
MOTHERFUCKER -- you better meet me!
I got stronger Allies.
Walk by his window, he sees me, recognition kinks -- thinks this is a good sign...I shoot him right through the glass.
I'm about to disappear for good, and you're gonna fund my new life.
His Adam's apple bobs as he realizes that he's finally been beaten.
Beauty that catches in my chest.
Is this a good time to talk? (flustered) Yeah...
I'm good.
Thanks.
Thanks for making the trek all the way over here.
I'd love to know about you guys.
Congratulations.
Joni's the brains in the family.
She won a National Merit Scholarship.
Laser's an amazing athlete.
Basketball.
Teams are great.
(excited) That's so cool.
No pigs... (beat) But it's a great spot.
They're fun.
Well it was great to meet you guys.
I just...I don't know...He was so cool and interesting.
Yeah... God, Laser!
Please!
Hug her.
Well, first I have to say we rarely watch that movie-- Jules touches Nic's arm.
I met him with Joni.
I love you, chicken.
I love you too, pony.
It is so great to meet you.
Hi, great to meet you two.
Great.
Well, come on in.
I don't know if you guys like wine... Are you kidding?
We love it.
Beautiful house.
Go easy on the wine, hon.
That's a great story.
Well, business aren't easy-- Actually, I'm in the process of starting a new business.
Good for you.
I mean, yes, there's a gardening component to it, but the real work is to create unique, eco-friendly outdoor spaces that harmonize with the surrounding environment.
Jules smiles, covering her anxiety.
(softly) Honey, that's your forth glass.
But thanks for counting.
Thank you.
(then) I mean, if you're not up for it that's okay-- (jumping on it) No! I am! (getting excited) I'm up for it!... 49 49 50 50 ...I'm just saying, the plan was to limit his involvement-- You're unbelievable.
You're all over me about getting clients, I finally get one and you're-- He's not just a client, Jules.
53 53 What's the score?
Great.
Second, he's a really good person and I'd prefer it if you didn't taint him with your whore juice.
You love birds can split my letters...
Nic gives her a long, sweet kiss.
In the tub, revelling in the warm bubbly water.
You enjoy it first.
Fresh from my garden.
Good, huh? Oh my god.
So...you're good with the plants?
(covers his eyes) Yeah, I'm good with the plants.
That is so not the point I'm making!
Yeah, well, you're living here now!
She's never talked to me like that.
Jules grabs Paul and starts smothering him with kisses.
It takes a second for Paul to get his bearings, but when he does, he starts kissing her back with equal fervor, pushing her up against the wall, wedging his hand between her legs.
78 78 God, I love your necklace!
Sasha clocks Paul's hand.
She carefully and without looking back places her hand on top of his.
(getting up) Well ladies, it was fun talking with you.
Thank you.
I'm here... Listen, don't worry about your friend.
Maybe it would be nice if we all had dinner at his house sometime.
That way, I could get to know him a little better, and I could see all the good work mom's been doing with his backyard.
I know... I'm married... ...and the kids... Yeah, and I love Nic.
That table had like 5 bottles of wine.
Good night.
But thank you.
It's cute seeing you in dad mode.
What's your favorite Joni album?
Don't quit your day job, mom.
I think it's cool.
You take a nap, too? 98 98 Are you in love with him?! No! What, are you straight now?! No.
Well here's what I don't to you.
102 102 Jules drinks coffee at the table.
Nic walks in, dressed for work.
Jai keeps holding her hands.
I'm not done talking to you! Laser opens his door and watches the scene progress.
Now you can show everybody what a perfect family you have!
I'm so sick of both of you! 112 112 The sun rises on this formerly happy home.
Out here on the edge, no one around, it's perfect, right?
He's going to love it.
Great.
Tell Daddy that lunch is ready.
Relax, and I'll let go.
That's better.
Be cool and we'll be outta here in five minutes.
How you doing, buddy?
You still alive?
Is Welch alive?
We should give up.
Please!
If you give up now, right now, I'll buy you the best lawyer in the state.
I love you anyway.
My client lives in there.
Thanks for your time.
Smith was cooking the books for the IRS.
We're rich.
Please.
Better.
It cost two hundred forty dollars, but I was happy to spend it.
I love my mom.
Nothing's worse than listening to you.
They're too close!
(to the deputy) This thing good?
Can I let you in on a personal secret?
You're a funny guy, Talley.
(returns her smile) That's why you get the big bucks, Captain.
Please.
It's for your own good.
C'mon, now, relax.
Make the pizza.
What put a wild hair up your ass?
The guy's right here!
He's alive!
They have funny names: Marlon and Al.
Let's give the man a hand!
Help me celebrate!
Celebrate what?
The food's ready.
My people are good to go.
That's how we'll stay alive.
You'd better get out of here!
You're going to enjoy this.
Please...
Keep going!
Run!!!!! No! They have everything nailed!
We're safe.
I'll bring the disks to the mall by the freeway, you bring my family.
First my girls.
I love you.
You'd better be kidding.
First time he met you.
A powerfully built man in a perfectly-tailored suit.
He turns with a soft smile to put her at ease.
She smiles back.
And there I was... His smile is kind.
Wallowing in the glory of my authors and celebrity acquaintances.
Oh, yes.
He's made her laugh.
Her eye travels over the stack of books.
On an end table, a framed photo of George with the great Lindbergh.
Amelia rises, smooths the wrinkles from her brown suit.
She laughs.
Whatever did you see in a sunny character like me?
What love means to you.
I love you.
11 11 The Queen of Diamonds Mabel Boll, about to become the first female to fly the Atlantic in the wake of Lindbergh's historic journey, regales an eager world press... Okay, boys.
George and Amelia enter the George had told me Stultz was Adm. Byrd's favorite pilot, fearless, gifted.
When he said it, I must have had a funny look.
Is listening to you once in awhile.
Thank you, Simpkin.
Thank you for everything.
(a smile) Simpkin.
We see that Amelia's POSE looks exactly the SAME as a photo of CHARLES LINDBERGH in the photographer's hand.
It is labeled `LUCKY LINDY.' THe illusion of activity was essential for him to feel at peace.
George studies the photo, then goes to Amelia and begins moving her body into the new pose.
We've had better than this and we haven't gone.
But this is the day Mabel's ready, so we're going now.
The weather is going to get better and we'll be there to enjoy it.
He is the most caring and generous and charming and flat-out funny guy I'll ever know.
25 25 Good.
Have a nice flight.
Thanks.
osses his coffee.
Hooray for the last grand adventure.
I wish I had won, but it was worthwhile anyway.
A rare smile...
May have to swim for t.
Great.
Amelia sitting in a tiny dinghy, behind her the Friendship in distance.
At first she seems pleased, trying to shake every hand thrust toward her.
39 39 40 40 Lovely party, huh?
Great.
I already love you.
he comes close enough to kiss.
The day will come.
42 42 Amelia Earhart and a bevy of lovely competitors say hello to the press announcing the First Women's Air Derby, racing from Santa Monica to Cleveland.
As she does... Wish I was important enough for you to manage.
He grins back.
But she's everyone's champion now.
He smiles.
Well, I think that's the most generous opportunity I've ever been offered.
See ya.
It was too good a sell for George to resist.
So I figured, if he's twice as good, I just have to be twice as lucky... I'd read that part in George's reception room that first day.
Bless him for keeping me waiting.
58 58 Amelia Earhart arrives to a tumul- tuous New York reception after her whirlwind tour of Europe, in which our Queen of the Skies danced with her royal counterpart the Prince of Wales, before meeting both Benito Mussolini and the Pope.
His smile is light.
Then... AMELIA (reads) `Using a man-made perfect machine, tuned by men mechanics, trained by men flyers, on a course laid out by a man.
She stares at the paper.
The only way you can stay where you are.
And the beast always needs something larger, greater, more daring... AMELIA (quiet) He costs money, too.
Then, smiles to After Roosevelt won, his wife Eleanor brought the advancement of women to national attention with stunning success.
A gutsy gal who rode a bobsled in he Winter Olympics, spent hours each morning on horseback, and carried a pistol on car trips.
They share a look of such mutual understanding, neither has to smile.
How exciting.
Her small smile.
They're miraculous.
Here's the gold medal run of the world's best woman athlete, abe Didrickson.
Cheered on by the most celebrated woman of today... ...that's right, Amelia Earhart.
Build your career first.
And, surprisingly, that's the best thing you can do for your eventual marriage.
It starts with a strong sexual attraction, that the oman assumes must be love.
(hand over phone, to He says he's the man in your life.
Amelia hops off the piano.
Trust me.
In their laughter, she goes to the phone.
Yes... (hand over phone, to the They love when we say `yes.' Laughter.
Thanks for the roses.
Can you women keep a secret?
After a generous discount from Lockheed.
...oh, eighty grand.
GEORGE (a whisper) Merry Christmas.
This is an opportunity for me to exhibit the quality my husband admires most.
Well, there's Magellan, 400 years go.
Pan Am told you I'm the best celestial navigator they've ever seen.
Which is a big art of why we're here, yes?
He gives her a kiss.
As he steps back... Experts are saying that this `flying laboratory' is a sham.
Endurance over a month's journey, flying nearly every day.
And to keep financing my flying, which is what I love.
Three... I'm not doing this as a scientist.
I'm a flyer, boys, pursuing my passion.
For the fun of it.
The fun of it.
Climbs the steps to be Lovely.
Good reaction, cutting the switch.
85 85 Three weeks, she'll be good as new.
The best hat... ...the best that money can buy.
I do love you.
Well, I love you back.
Thanks.
See ya.
93 93 94 94 95 95 That's more like it.
I'll wake you when the coffee's ready.
AMELIA (delighted) You hang up the phone this minute.
A soft... ..and it's fun.
Makes things easy.
His smile.
DISSOLVE TO NIGHT.
CLOSE now on a path by the sea.
Your signal is strong.
Are you receiving this?
A breathless moment.
Good for you.
That's great.
Thank you.
It's like I'm 10 all over again.
Ram Jam! Ram Jam! Ram Jam!... Ram, man, you popped that crowd.
I'm doing a big Fanfest thing down in South Carolina that weekend.
20th anniversary.
For this? (cool, confident nod) I bet he'd be willing to dust off the old turban.
You da man, Ram! Thanks, hon.
Trust me, babe.
You're gonna be happy.
Good to see ya, man.
So a rematch... (smiles, contemplating the History all over again.
It's from "Passion of the Christ".
It's amazing.
And now, please welcome to the Cheetah's stage... ...the lovely Cassidy!
Thanks for the lift, bro.
Should get a good gate.
God bless hardcore... Whatcha think?
Cookie trays were better.
You're okay, buddy.
A lot better than before the bypass.
Great.
Your heart... You're going to have to start taking much better care of it.
Welcome home.
Hey, sweetie.
Please.
I'll meet you out there in 15 minutes.
Thanks.
Feelin' much better.
Good, good.
That's funny.
Trust me.
Good.
Wow... Dude, you are good.
That is gonna be epic.
Looks great.
Thanks.
I'm good.
Better.
Good.
Good.
She's your daughter.
This kick- ass little vintage shop in Westfield.
Saturday's the best time to go.
Good tip.
Thanks.
Listen... How `bout I meet you there Saturday?
"Clean"?
This is awesome... (rubs hands together, We are gonna find something great!
So like, what is she?
You're welcome.
Does that help?
The green.
Thanks again.
Okay, I'll give you that.
Look, I... Man, I worked up a pretty good thirst in there.
One beer!
Thank you.
One beer.
He's a good-lookin' kid.
It's a great area.
And the schools are awesome.
Let's dance.
Then I'm dancing for you.
In the name of love!
I can't get enough... (eye contact, sultry) I'm hot, sticky sweet/ From my head to my feet yeah...
You said one beer!
Good night.
I am good.
You have yourself a nice day.
(friendly smile) I will.
Bingo!
Well, I ain't a stalker.
You made amends.
I free you.
Thank you.
I was young.
My career was booming.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It was fun, right?
We had a good time.
I think you're awesome.
You're a great guy.
Smile.
Have a nice day.
(forms Ram horns) Ram Jam! Wow, that's freaky.
It's better that way.
(not too interested) Wow... Ram-A-Lam.
Good to see ya, bro.
I'll make you a nice deal on a G6.
This is where I'm great.
Please.
Randy The Ram! History about to be made here at the Greenville Civic Auditorium.
Your cheers keep me young.
They make me feel alive.
That better?
Ram Jam! Ram Jam! Ram Jam!... Ram Jam! Ram Jam! Ram Jam!... Just listen to this crowd!
If you ain't up to it... Ram Jam! Ram Jam! Ram Jam!... Let's do this.
Ram Jam! Ram Jam! Ram Jam!... Y'okay?
Thank you.
Good.
She goes to Mary and hugs her.
I can't guarantee the vintage, my friends.
Excellent.
There can't be a natural spring within fifty miles of here.
So, it may not be Zerzura, still incredible.
(nodding, delighted) A pottery hill!
Wedding present from Katharine's parents.
We can finally consign my old bird to the scrapheap.
Almasy smiles and walks on towards the others.
(smiling, offering her hand) Geoffrey gave me your monograph when I was reading up on the desert.
Love?
Romantic love, platonic love, filial love - ?
(hugging Katharine) Uxoriousness - that's my favorite kind of love.
(a dry smile) There you have me.
Thank you.
(of Almasy) Anyway, my friend here has a new theory - that Zerzura doesn't exist.
Your leg will be fine.
Would you kiss me?
Thank you.
Would you kiss me?
I don't want to be kissing in a crowd.
I've got a surprise.
I'd like to spend a night with you in a bed.
I met your friend Mary.
I was a thief, so they think I'd be good at that.
He brought us eggs.
This was your garden?
Thank you.
I'm a bit of toast, my friend - butter me and slip a poached egg on top.
Your friend?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Please, don't waste your time on pleasantries - Thanks.
I'm going to sing.
I was looking forward to this evening.
That's a different dress.
(sings wickedly) I'll be down to get you in the taxi, honey, you'd better be ready about half-past eight...! Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar... (with audible excitement) My God, they're swimming!
Astonishing.
I love the desert, you see.
And a better jack.
I'd like you to have them.
Thank you.
I'm quite all right, thank you.
Yes is a comfort.
I should like to have them.
(then back to Katharine) There's also a plant - I've never seen it but I'm told you can cut a piece the size of a heart from this plant and the next day it will be filled with a delicious liquid.
Cut out its heart.
And the plane wasn't a wedding present.
And the marriage - is that a fiction?
Thank God.
Oh, thank God. Do they know them?
(to Katharine) Good evening, Mrs. Clifton.
(drinking the water) You're in love with him, aren't you?
I'm in love with ghosts.
He's in love with ghosts.
New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything - for the heart is an organ of fire... (she looks up) I love that, I believe that.
No! Say you're feeling faint - the sun.
How silly.
You should sit down, darling.
(poking at his costume) Geoffrey, you do so love putting on a disguise.
I do so love you.
My daijka sang it to me.
(as they listen) It's beautiful.
(as if interpreting) It's a long song - Szerelem means love...and the story - there's a Hungarian Count, he's a wanderer, a fool.
- this place, I love it - this is mine!
(kissing him) I can stay tonight.
A different life.
That day, had you followed me to the market?
Good morning.
But thank you.
You saved my life.
My hair was long.
Thank you.
(turning, smiling) Yes, for your hair.
Because you're reading it too fast!
You'd better be.
That little bit of air, each day there's less of it, which is al right, which is quite all right.
It's okay - I'll help.
Please.
There was a general who wore a patch over a perfectly good eye.
Dance with me.
(happy ) Kip.
Serial number - KK-1P2600.
Hardy!
Hardy!
Kiss me.
(to Kip) Sir, congratulations!
Congratulations.
Kip! Kip - come and dance with me (a sly wobble of the head) Yes.
That was a dance we invented at the International Sand Club.
Kip's motorbike skids into the tiny PIAZZA.
You loved him.
The wisteria is still out, which I'm looking forward to.
(with a laugh) Oh dear.
(as he works) Listen to me, Katharine.
Do you promise?
In our garden.
With a view of the sea.
And a good read.
Thank you.
(tries to focus) Our Garden, our garden - not so much the garden, but the copse alongside it, wild, a secret way plunging down to the shore and then nothing but water between you and France.
(he kisses her) Darling.
My darling.
Good morning!
Look, listen to me.
So one day we'll meet.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Katharine, my darling.
We are the real countries, not the boundaries drawn on maps with the names of powerful men... Hana - this is Gioia.
The lamp's gone out and I'm writing in the darkness... Do you think that guy's cute?
They're beautiful.
Before I met Doug I chased after every guy I thought was cute.
With some guys you have to make the first move.
Mr. Hand.
You should see her in the morning.
Aloha.
Man does not do anything that is not for his own good.
It is for your own good that you attend my class.
I've taken the time to print up a complete schedule of class quizzes, and the chapters they cover.
Thanks.
Your friends use the pool.
Your friends use the pool too.
I am in love.
This is going to be just like the girl you fell in love with at Fotomat this summer.
(sighs, but loves it) Here's what you do.
Thanks for getting rid of those flowers.
Who sent the flowers?
Thank you, Desmond.
You are really going to be beautiful... someday.
Excellent.
Fine, sir.
(smiling) We keep them.
Merv, this is the action down at Sunset Cliffs at about six in the morning.
Fascinating.
Well, thank you, girls.
We'll see everybody back here on Monday and have a good weekend.
Kiss me.
It sounds great in the back of my van... why don't we listen from there?
Where's your brother?
Thanks!
Thanks.
Seen the new Playboy?
You know the thing I love about Mustangs?
Just be glad you're all right.
I'll be so glad when he gets out here.
Why don't you put your mother's secret book back?
'The most satisfactory lovemaking occurs when your mate climaxes first, you climax first, you and your mate climax together?'
Climax together.
But it's a nice idea.
God, I don't think so.
Better look in the house.
I think you're so sexy.
(cool and urbane) I've been thinking about this, Mr. Hand.
And you, my friend.
$8.46, please.
Thank you, and thanks for coming to Captain Kidd.
This is great ice tea! (from other room) You don't have to shout!
Well, I'm still waiting for the fun to start.
God, Stacy, it's not that sad.
You didn't tell me that they can be so nice, so great... but then you sleep with them and they start acting like they're five years old.
Well come on.
Awesome.
Another summer of working at Swenson's.
Sign my annual, honey.
Those girls love me.
Hey, mon, good thing we're going to Mexico this summer.
It would be great!
They've got great food, great magazines, videogames... it's class.
Awesome.
Easy, mon.
Summer, mon!
Hey, bud! Watch yourselff Are you Jeff Spicoli?
And so you'll remember to call me over the summer.
The Attitude, Damone, is only good until you meet the right girl.
Lust For Life.
(scoffs) Yeah, well, I saw the movie.
It's a way, Damone.
Watch his hand.
Thank you.
Entertainment.
The Susan Lucci section or Banal Love Songs of the Nineties?
Banal Love Songs it is.
See... Now, you see.
And that's the good news... You'll also be meeting Senators and Congressman, each with a specially prepared question.
Remember, this is about your respect for them, and the President's respect for them.
(beat) It'd probably be a good idea for you to meet your predecessor.
Also, four weeks from today you will give your first official press conference.
It's important that they like you.
Nice people, the Schedule C's.
You've done a fine job here, Sir.
What'd they promise you?
This is the best situation you're going to have for a long, long time.
A small thing.
I mean, we're all smart and do we have any idea what each other are like, really like?
And she's beautiful.
My father is rich.
He'll pay you.
His grand-daughter was shot.
This is fabulous, Helena.
Thank you so much, but I had a lot of help.
I've met her husband, as nice as they come.
Thank you.
Oh, honey.
When he loves me like a father, he will never tell anyone he was here.
Yes, sir! Bring this man a change of good clothes.
He is a pillar of his community, a family man with a wife and child in La Jolla, the community where he has made his home for over twenty years.
I appreciate you coming in so early.
Easy to make it disappear.
Hand of God, my ass.
He was a winner.
Yeah, this is fun.
Shouldn't let your kid wander off with strangers.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's good.
He and my mom have cocktail hour every night, from six to seven, set your clock, two bourbons -- Maybe we could show up and smoke a little rock with them to unwind -- Yeah, then some dope to take the edge off at the end of a long day.
Have you done your homework, honey?
Yes, mom -- Then here's a little bump.
And the darkies up in the inner cities dancing to them evil rhythms of ju- ju music.
Decadent rich people.
I love this place.
Did Courtney Love play Nancy in Syd and Nancy?
That house, that you see from the DEA headquarters, belonged to Porfirio Madrigal -- the Lord of the Skies, largest trafficker in Mexico.
Ha, ha, ha.
I have a drink before dinner to take the edge off my day.
Oh, yes I can.
So it's safe.
Everybody likes parks.
Everybody likes baseball.
(beat) I'm not bringing a child into the kind of life I grew up with.
(beat) I'm surprised she hasn't called.
Kiss it.
Kiss your new mommy hello.
Your honor, it has come to our attention that your honor, while in private practice, previously represented the town of Seal Beach in their stop-work suit against the Police Department of Seal Beach.
Oh, man, I've never eaten so good in my life.
Yeah, like turning into a beautiful woman.
That's good coke.
And we have a deal.
This won't take long from your day.
He loved his job.
He did a great thing for Tijuana.
He did a great thing for Mexico.
It's gonna be great...
I mean, I'm okay and all, because, see, I met a guy, he's in this pretty famous band and... (gets up confessional courage) They've invited me to write lyrics for them, I'm gonna be able to do that and maybe sing, too... not at first, but later.
(sounding completely crazy) I've been doing research for the school paper, that's what I've been doing, like on assignment kind-of, I've seen some stuff you wouldn't believe, but I'm gonna write it all down into lyrics.
I've got his breakfast.
Where's the love gone, Eddie?
You expect me to be grateful for spending the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.
Your partner is still alive.
You're helping them.
You better look nice and believable for the jury.
(though the door) Breakfast.
God, you're jumpy.
Your honor, ladies and gentlemen of the jury...
Yeah, hi -- (waves Robert to a chair) So I've got a copy of your speech here... (glances down, still reading) It's fantastic... So, Robert, my genuine thanks.
You're my choice and you're gonna be great.
Don't worry about that thing with your daughter, it's not news; they're willing to treat it as a family matter, a personal matter.
It represents the first bilateral effort of the American DEA and the Mexican Today I'm very proud to announce that Mexico, with the help of our American partners, is finally winning the war against narcotics trafficking.
It's Saturday, Arnie.
Like when you're thirsty up at Bishop's Creek and the water is so cool.
It's beautiful country.
Thank you.
(hands back the glass) I'll say thank you for the lemonade.
Esco loves the Yankees.
Sweet?
That's a fine looking thing.
Thank you, by the way.
He was happy.
There's no advantage here, but to celebrate a job well done.
Cheers -- (he raises his glass) -- and thank you.
There's a good fire going.
You're laughing at me.
We'll meet again, in the better world.
They're good Christians and I'll vouchsafe for them.
He listens to my heart and I get emotional.
Hey! Dear God.
Names of loved ones.
(listening to Inman) Pigeon River.
Thank you.
Amen.
It was delicious.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Need a hand with that pump?
I'm happy to volunteer.
I just want to sit on my porch with Sal, watch my boys in the field, holler good job!
Look down our well.
That's one of the first words they taught me.
Number One -- layout a winter garden for cool season crops: turnips, onions, cabbage, greens.
Hey! Hey! Wait! Keep going.
No, I'm a Pilgrim now, like you, traveling the road, paying our dues, relying on the kindness of strangers.
That's our friend here... (to Inman) They cut off my hair.
(to Ferrygirl) I had good curls.
(excited) Have we got thirty dollars?
(of her hair) You're done.
Good God! Okay.
How much do you love that piano?
Made a wig for a rich feller in Raleigh.
He'd walk forty miles for liquor and not forty inches for kindness.
That's good.
You just get on and ride me all the way to China.
I had a special prayer you'd come visit.
(taking the gifts) Thank you both.
(of the pie) Ruby, I look forward to this.
(grinning at Ada) She made it.
Good God in Heaven.
(by way of recommendation) I'm still alive.
Hey! (holding his head, to Rebecca) God Bless you.
I got a baby coming.
Ada, I can't get this off her! What darling?
Our minds aren't made to hold on to the particulars of pain, the way we do bliss.
I'm like the boy who goes out in winter for firewood comes back in the spring with a whistle.
That's good.
She gave me a book.
My love for Heathcliff resembles the eternal rocks beneath -- a source of little visible delight, But necessary.
She said -- whatever our souls are made of his and mine are the same.
I'll be on my way come morning.
You better come in.
Thank you.
Nothing left now save a hog and couple of chickens to live off till spring.
I'm Inman by the way.
My baby's Ethan.
I'll say good night.
Good night.
(smiles at Sally) Is she feeble then?
Don't make that face -- you listen: c'mon Georgia... There's snow in the air.
That'll be the New Year.
It's gonna be a better one.
(shaking Stobrod's hand in goodnight) It started off being over in a month.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
It's good.
(to Stobrod) Your boyfriend's got a nice bit of flesh on him.
Close your eyes slip inside that shirt get two good handfuls -- dark enough I'd be willing.
There's a new phrase.
Your hero's discharge.
(enjoying himself) And where, where, where is your house?
On honeymoon.
Thanks.
He means -- Right, right! he means, there is a cave, right, it's up over the other side, big cave, we played some music up there, never occurred to me they were deserters.
You'd better come with me.
Said -- your mommy's name was Grace then closed his eyes again.
A tunnel of trees.
Funny thing is it wasn't the same.
They're like a bag of tiny diamonds glittering in a black heart.
Don't matter if they're real or things I made up.
I'll say goodnight.
He came out dead, love.
Isn't that a small mercy.
(laughing) Hot hot hot hot hot!!! Grace Inman, nobody said eat. (then to Stobrod) Mr. Thewes...
For good friends, good food, good family: for all our blessings -- Oh Lord we thank thee.
Amen.
Amen !
A good cigar, wrapped in Miami.
An amazing man.
Pleeze be careful -- my God.
You have no idea... I'm usually a good tipper, but this one -- this cab driver -- he had green all around him.
Green?
Okay... and how will you be paying?
I been in dis' place many New Year's.
On this night, oh great goddess Diana, we restore your virgin flesh and bring you back to real life.
Well, it's a swimming pool, but it will be under the setting sun, okay?
And what're you carrying -- the Rock of Gibraltar?
(in game-show host voice) "Hello -- welcome to this week's edition of the Hypocrite of the Year Award --" Kiva!
One of the others is bringing her cat.
My friend.
I don't think so... Kiva... you know what I love about you?
Your sweet side.
And what do I get if I'm sweet?
(talking to her cat in baby talk) Oh you little stinker... oh you sweet little muffin.
Yes... Mama loves the baby.
Come on -- there is more work to be done to welcome our great Diana.
I'm looking for the room for making love.
The others are here -- great!
(wearily) Oh yeah -- it's so great -- it's fantastic.
I know it all seems very strange but you're coping with us much better than the bellboys of past New Year's.
Past New Year's?
Oh yes -- we've been coming here every New Year... for a long time.
We are communing here on New Year's Eve to bring to life the great goddess Diana, who was turned to stone in this very room forty years ago today.
Diana, great beautiful one, we make these offerings to you, that we may undo the wicked spell which deprived you of the seed of your lover, your virginal blood, of your very life.
We now form the symbolic rock with our bodies.
On this night, in this hour, we Call upon the Ancient Power O Goddess bride, I offer thee Milk from a mother's sweet titty!
(handing Ted 50 bucks) Okay, mister, here's your fifty-dollar tip, only, you have to do one more thing... make our little Eva smile.
Ha! That'll be a first for you.
I will collect fresh earth.
Help me out, lady.
Oh look, they don't care if I smile or not!
Oh... ha ha...
But Athena, our High Priestess, discovered a great potion to reverse the evil spell which turned our beautiful goddess into an old rock.
(looking at the rock) Yeah?
She was a beautiful virgin.
She had lovers, but she saved that for marriage.
Which is the example I've tried to follow: to do everything but that till I marry... Hey, don't cry... a virgin is a rare and beautiful thing.
Sex in water is great in the movies, not in real life... but you will learn.
Goddess Diana, I offer you The jism of one I wooed for you That you may live and know such bliss Of getting laid by a guy like this.
My mama would have a hissy fit! (flirtatiously) I'll carry your bags.
The monkey suit's a nice touch, honey puss.
Ted's better.
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret about communication, Theodore.
Everyone starts out strangers, Ted, it's where we end up that counts.
And second, we are a long way from fair here, fair is back in jolly old England eatin' crumpets and sipping on tea.
Silly me.
I used to have a little bunny rabbit named Teddy, it looked real cute nibbling on Angela's ear.
Promise?
I promise.
If you told me, it would no longer be a secret, and secrets have a power, kid.
(continuing) I'm a man of love, Theodore.
That's love, Ted, it's like a path of light in an ocean of darkness.
Happy New Year, buddy.
Happy New Year.
You look cool with your hair up like this.
Go. (mocking) So, are we gonna have fun tonight?
You want to have fun tonight, don't you?
Three's good.
Then should I wake them up for the countdown to the New Year?
Please.
Well, stop listening to the machine and listen to me.
Thanks.
Let me get out of the way!
Happy New Year!
She's got curly red hair.
You sound down.
Has this not been the happiest of New Year's?
(resigning himself to talking with Margaret) No Margaret, this hasn't been my best New Year.
No-no-no, she was... quite beautiful.
Well, admittedly, that was the best part of the night.
Well, for one thing it's the difference between a .44
Good, sprinkler system worked like a charm.
It's good.
Bellman, bellperson -- Bellboy's fine.
Good.
I'm glad they haven't changed that.
You should, it's one of Jerry's better movies.
We met at the pool.
And the person on the other end of the phone is his lovely wife Ellen.
Pleased to meetcha.
That's why God invented video.
Good.
And the fuckin' truth is, my lucky Zippo's gonna win me Chester's car.
'Cause I can pretty near guarantee that I love my car more'n Norman loves his pinky.
Life don't get much more exciting than this.
However, if I win, I wanna win.
This is great!
Norman, you ready?
Ted, you ready?
(more plainly but under strain) Good to see you, son.
Yep, that's right.
(very happy) Yeah!
(smiling now) What have you been up to?. Louise, I don't know.
I've got to see how my father is .
Yeah, I still love you.
Oh, yes, Jeffrey.
Thanks for the tour.
It was nice talking to you.
(smiles) Yeah.
Listen Bud.
Thanks.
promise?
There are opportunities in life for gaining knowledge and experience.
(getting excited) Alright. the first thing is to get into her apartment and open a window that I could crawl into later.
Thanks.
(to himself) That's a good sign.
Two Heinekens, thank you. (to Waiter) When does Dorothy Vallens come on?
an interesting experience.
The Blue Lady.
Look. it can wait till Sunday.
thanks.
Great.
thanks anyway.
I'll be sweet.
Momma loves you.
Please.
(whispering) You can be my special friend and come and put that in me.
(inner voice) Next Christmas.
I better go.
(strange smile) Go ahead, you better leave now.
I'll tell you a little secret.
help me.
(startled) God.
What's up? (pause) MARRIED?! Good night!
that sounds nice.
I better go.
We thank you in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.
Amen.
None for me, thanks.
That sounds great!
Nice of you to offer, Jeffrey, but certainly not.
These are the photos of the vacant lot where you found the ear.
These are beautiful.
Can I give you a kiss good night?
See ya tomorrow.
It's a speedball heaven in there.
This is the way the world is my man.
take a good look.
(looking beyond the car) Oh great.
That's what makes it so good.
I saw the Yellow Man go into Frank's building, laughing with Frank.
It used to make me laugh .but.
I better go Dorothy.
(Jeffrey gets on top of her again) Hmmmmmmmm!!!! Ok.
You're my special friend, aren't you?
(big smile) It helps me.
You look beautiful to me.
He's a friend.
Hell, that's a good idea.
We're goin' for a joy ride.
(laughing) Yeah.
I wancha to meet a frienda mine.
Raymond, get enough beer for Ben too.
Yeah?. get ready for a love letter.
A big love letter.
Welcome.
Don't be a good neighbor to her or I'm gonna send you a love letter.
(interrupting, smiling at Aunt Barbara) Aunt Barbara.
I love you, but you're not gonna get it.
Good.
Good, thanks.
Good.
Great.
are they important things?
(inner voice) Gordon.
(with a goofy smile to Sandy) Yeah.
Watch out for Mike, there.
(like a little girl) My secret lover.
help him.
HELP HIM!! DONNY!!!! (crying) I still love you Jeffrey.
Where is he? (straining her eyes to focus on Jeffrey) HELP HIM!! Promise me you'll help him!
I promise.
Please.
I love you.
I love you Jeffrey.
I love you.
the guy she loves.
I love you.
Luba reads a SWISS HOTEL BROCHURE, then looks up.
Raya smiles.
She is in great shape, but her eyes tell of a life fully lived.
The wife moves out of the way.
Hawk laughs.
Kathy eyes Erin, full of love, but not knowing what to say.
They laughed at my mother.
This is good.
You could have a real impact on their lives.
You look beautiful...
(smiling) I know.
Well I don't give an F.U.C.K.
I'm glad to have an American in the mix.
Thanks for the tour.
Great.
Thanks.
Your job is so exciting.
His name is Peter... ...Sometimes if it's a party, a birthday, they pay for a group of girls, all together.
Brian, the Irish guy, said Bosnia was better than Thailand for girls.
He loved the Firecracker.
Then they laugh.
It's three in the morning, ma... I'm sleeping.
Helen loves it here.
You're lucky you have a car at all.
Viko comes out, smiling broadly at Kathy.
Jan smiles.
You're beautiful.
OFFICER BLAKELY smiles formally.
They bring us food in the morning.
It's designed that way.
The soldiers ply them with drinks, `winning' them with charm.
They're a product of the peace.
For the peace-keepers.
You're eager.
She observes the sleek facade of honor and power.
Right now, we are still willing to pay your way home.
You will be out of this mission by Sunday.
This is for her own good.
You hired her.
It's bright light blinds Kathy.
Karen squeezes Kathy's hand.
Kathy looks to the back of the courtroom... Erin smiles at Kathy.
So proud.
Jan breathes, relieved.
It will change your life.
FLASHBULBS pop as Kathy stands... Pleased, but not elated.
We end this film with FOOTAGE of THE REAL KATHRYN BOLKOVAC in her BBC HARDTALK INTERVIEW with TIM SEBASTIAN.
I watched that... Yes.
Show me your keys!
Please.
Here is the coffee you wanted.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Do you play piano?
See you in the morning.
Good night.
Trust me.
She was such a nice lady.
And I just loved listening to her play.
But I have Sprinkles so... Nice to see you, Jacob.
Welcome home.
That's good.
Great.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thanks.
(Jokingly) She is a good Muslim.
Thank you.
Well, thank you for the dinner.
You're welcome.
Economic Growth in Developing Nations.
Four books?! Great.
That's good.
Thanks.
That's good.
It's small but it's a nice building.
Thanks.
Thank you.
He started the whole Afro-Beat movement.
(in Arabic) Good, Omar.
(In Arabic) Good.
New girlfriend?
(In Arabic) New friend.
(In Arabic) You have a lot friends (In Arabic) I'm a very nice guy.
I know my daughter will think it's "cool".
Thank you.
Good man.
Hey honey.
Thank you.
To a detention center in Queens.
He is a good person.
When he first arrived from Syria.
Good.
Good.
You are getting better.
Can I help you?
Please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Nice to meet you, Jacob.
Thank you.
Please.
Again, thank you.
Please.
Please.
Good night.
Good night.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Thank you.
Thank you for the newspaper.
Did Tarek and his girlfriend, Zainab, live here together?
It is a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Khalil.
Please.
Thank you.
I'm living with my cousin.
I was in detention when I first arrived.
I met Tarek one year later.
Why? It's free.
She liked it.
Good afternoon.
The music is lovely.
She was beautiful.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Please do.
Thank you.
Is that OK? That's wonderful.
Thank you.
I am so excited.
Thank you, Walter.
It's the most fun I've had in a long time.
He was very happy about it.
Good night, Walter.
Good night.
Thank you.
He was a good man.
A good person!
Good night, Walter.
Then we'll ride the Big Red down to Santa Monica and walk on the pier.
(kisses his head) Be good.
All right, get me the Omaha routing station, see if we can put the calls through their switchers...and let's get that console running.... Christine...good, I was hoping to catch you.
If you're interested I can -- That's great, Mr. Harris, I really appreciate the vote of confidence.
Good night!
Susie honey, have you seen Walter?
Well, I mentioned it to her, but she was going to a dance with some of her friends...you know how teenagers are.
I'm sure it's fine, I just... (beat) Thank you, Mrs. Riley.
Listen, everyone, I appreciate your consideration, but I'm not made of porcelain.
Thanks.
Yeah, it's great!
The Los Angeles Police Department is thankful for all the hard work done by the De Kalb County Sheriff's Department in helping to make this joyful reunion possible.
That's why he needs your support and love to bounce back.
Please.
Thank you for coming.
A handsome young man.
(beat) Thank you.
Not when they became the Heroes of the Hour the day they stood there posing with you, having rescued a lost boy from the wilderness.
Good morning.
A four month investigation resulted in a boy being brought to Los Angeles from De Kalb, Illinois.
She'll be fine in a bit.
That'll bring you right to it.
We've got a orders to send you back home, and -- Didn't know Canada was that funny.
Good evening.
Best I can do is put you on a train for Seattle.
Round-trip?
Lunch isn't as bad.
If you smile too much, you're delusional or stifling hysteria.
So am I. We're here for the same reason.
Good boy! Now hold on, it's a long drive and we gotta fly.
Help you relax.
I don't want to relax...I'm fine, and I won't take something unless I know what it is!
Holy god....
Hurricane hits West Palm Beach!
Babe Ruth hits 53rd home run!
Bonus words in Scrabble, both of them.
I've been giving that a great deal of thought ever since I got out of that...place.
Bob's here -- Good.
So finally I went to the very best attorney in town, a man who's sued the city four times and won.
(a smile) It would be my honor to defend your honor, Mrs. Collins.
It was a pleasant vacation, and the police have certainly provided me with a lot of amusement.
If we take him out of the picture for a while, it might help calm things down until the hearing's finished.
Not guilty, your honor.
She was often cool, aloof and unemotional, especially when presented with the boy we located in De Kalb, and in our subsequent conversations.
(beat) I hope that you gentlemen of the press will give as much space to the good things we do as the mistakes that are made on rare occasions.
Well, thank you.
Tell the nice officer thank you.
I'm up here, Reverend.
Mothers and their children are connected in amazing ways.
Got a steak coming, with spinach, mashed potatoes and green beans.
The warden, Clinton Duffy, he's a good guy.
Silent night...holy night...all is calm...all is bright...round yon virgin mother and child...holy infant so tender and mild -- Hey, Chris...we're having an Oscar party tonight at my apartment, you want to come?
Besides, I've got a radio right here, I can follow the whole thing.
Go on, have fun.
I'd love it if you'd come.
If I win, how about we have dinner tomorrow night to celebrate?
Good night.
How about I call you if you win? I'll be here.
(on radio) Thank you.
And now, it gives me distinct honor to present the category of Best Picture for 1934.
(on radio) The nominees are "The Gay Divorcee," "Here Comes the Navy," "The Barrets of Wimpole Street," "One Night of Love," "The Thin Man," "Cleopatra" -- Over-rated.... (on radio) "Viva Villa," "The White Parade," and "It Happened One Night."
(on radio) And the Oscar for Best Picture goes to.... (beat) "It Happened One Night."
He's alive, Christine.
They drove me around for a long time, then we ended up at this ranch -- (grinning) I'll see you boys later.... Were there other boys present?
He projects a natural elegance and the confidence of a man who can have anything he wants.
That's good, isn't it?
7 7 Striding into the dining room, Franklin lifts a silver lid off a breakfast plate.
She is also the WOMAN dancing with Franklin the night before.
He is the mastermind behind what he believes will be the greatest political career of the twentieth century.
Accepting that invitation would be good for Franklin's career.
Eleanor smiles oh-so politely at Louis, as Franklin enters from the dining room.
(kissing Eleanor on the cheek) Good morning, Babs.
L Good morning, sir.
Because they always seem more grateful to see me when I arrive.
He leans in and kisses Eleanor on the cheek.
Have a lovely day, Babs.
(a beat) Thank you, no.
I better read it.
Lunch with Secretary Daniels.
I am in love with Miss Mercer, Mama.
Duty to their families and their careers.
Slowly, Franklin gets up and walks with great effort up the porch stairs.
It was the visit to that god damned Boy Scout Camp!
Sara stands -- her bearing once again erect and proud.
He can pursue a career, Mama.
A man as proud and vital as Franklin... you're inviting him to be hurt.
A LITTLE GIRL eating with her parents gets excited when she sees Franklin's braces and points.
Good to see you too.
Nice whiskers.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
37 37 (covering his discomfort) Beautiful country.
38 38 You'll have a great deal of privacy.
Yes, we've seen better days.
I'm happy to drive you back to the train station right now, if that's what you want.
The bedroom, Roy, thank you.
Good day, sir.
New York has the best doctors and hospitals in the country.
Warm Springs.
Good afternoon.
I am so pleased to be invited here today.
Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men... Slowly, she begins to find her voice.
At a reception following the speech, Eleanor and the Chairwoman are drinking tea.
It would be an honor.
Wonderful.
Congratulations.
Listen, Franklin, I got word a local reporter wants to do a story on you.
I'm doing him a favor.
Good God, Tom... Thankfully, Mr. George Foster Peabody gave me this job... Well, that explains a few things.
As Assistant Secretary of the Navy during the Great War did you condone the use of...
F Tomorrow will be fine.
Thank you, Missy, and c.c. that to Louis.
Next spring?
Ready to swim? 70 70 We've got some new guests.
You have a business to run, not I!
Good evening.
Train's ready.
Shouldn't we pray first?
Would you do us the honor?
Bless the food on our table.
Keep us healthy, strong and able.
Amen.
Amen.
Thank you, ma'am.
(a half-smile) Well, you're the doctor.
Join the club.
Give me the good news first.
It will serve you well.
That's good because we can use it to help extend your hip, flex your knee and rotate your tibia.
a beat) Why should this place cater to a few able-bodied folk when it could be opened year round with polios?
You're light as a ... (looking away) I was a dancer... Good news...
Welcome Push Boys! Good day, Eloise.
Want to tell them your good news?
Good for you, Doc.
(gently) The boy makes a good point, Franklin.
Not everything in this world has to be about profits.
98 98 Excellent, Fred! Keep going...
They are surrounded by many others, Franklin, Eloise, Woodhall, Pat and Jake.
Get on in and I'll teach ya'!
It's a hand-controlled automobile.
That is a thing of beauty!
He's free.
I've found a wonderful local man who can make crutches and canes.
Good night, Franklin.
Good night, Babs.
Good afternoon!
Thank you, Dr. Bissell for agreeing to let us share the stage with you today.
It was so generous of you.
Dr. Bissell smiles limply, saving face.
That place, gentlemen, is called Warm Springs.
We personally invite you to Warm Springs to come and take a look.
Thank you.
These "men of science" are mesmerized by Eleanor's style, both warm and immediate.
I saw you speak at the Legion Hall in Cleveland last Spring.
(all smiles) Well, I believe you must say what you feel in your heart -- what you feel is right, for you'll be criticized anyway.
The sooner the better.
Franklin smiles in Eleanor's direction.
She looks back at him shyly and smiles in return.
He stretches his whole arm around her and places her hand on one of the driving knobs, his hand on top of hers.
I'll teach you.
Eleanor bursts out laughing, Franklin joins in.
I do so love you.
Fine day, isn't it.
The millions listening on radio won't be able to see that.
Good afternoon, Mr. Howe.
It's a golden opportunity.
Roy, so good to see you.
You have done a brilliant thing here -- a magnificent thing.
ranklin smiles, warily.
Good!
One small bump and I'll land right on my keister!
Hey! (tipping his hat) Good to see you, Mr. Roosevelt.
Thank you.
It is Houston in the summer and it's broiling hot.
A sea of hand- held red, white and blue fans are being waved all at once -- most bearing the words "SMITH FOR PRESIDENT."
He looks handsome in a navy pin-striped suit.
Give me your hand.
member of an illustrious family of long-standing political commitment to our great nation... Ladies and gentlemen: Franklin Delano Roosevelt!
The SPOTLIGHT follows them as they make their way to the podium.
He chats with Elliot the whole way, still managing to flash the CONVENTIONEERS his million dollar smile.
141 141 All the denizens of Warm Springs are crowded around the radio.
(smiling) Yes, I do.
He looks up to Eleanor's box and they smile at one another as the crowd continues to applaud.
Now listen to Tee.
No, seriously, if you're dressed nice and you act like you gamble a lot, they give you free shit.
You're beautiful.
You gotta be cool though.
I'm cool, baby.
Vegas, baby.
Vegas, baby! Vegas!
Vegas, baby! Vegas!
Wake up, baby.
Vegas, baby! (in reverie) Vegas.
This is the hot new place, besides, you love pirates.
You gotta love the pirates, baby.
That's New York, baby.
Baby, there are beautiful babies here.
She smiled baby.
First let's see what happens if we play it cool.
Let's do it, baby.
Well, you look money , baby.
You're not allowed to hand me money, sir.
You're a winner.
(lifting Mike's reluctant hand from the wrist like a boxing champ) Mikey's the big winner.
She smiled , baby.
She was smiling at what an asshole you are.
She was smiling at how money I am, baby.
She wants to party, baby.
He's good with the ladies.
Baby, this is what we came for.
We met a beautiful baby and she likes you.
She likes you .
I don't care if I'm with her or one of her beautiful baby friends.
You're a stylish, successful, good looking cat.
The ladies want to love you, you just gotta let them.
Beautiful.
Call a friend and have her meet the three of us at the Landlubber Lounge at 6:01.
That's what I'm telling you, baby.
The babies love that stuff.
Sounds good to me... Fine... Sure No... no...
Wait... Wait... Listen... So, I check the time and place.
Oh... "I love you...
"Hello... Hi... We loved your guest spot on Baywatch... blah blah blah..." Whatever.
The casting director, she starts crying... No! Yes! Oh my God.
He's in good hands.
(coyly) What a good friend.
(smiles) See?
Please.
Trust me, Mikey, you're better off.
That doesn't sound too good for business.
I'll get a Dewars rocks... (looks to Rob) Bud.
...A Dewars on the rocks and a Bud, please.
I can't get over how cute the girls in this city are.
Darwinism at its best.
It's like, every day I see a beautiful woman.
I'm used to seeing a beautiful woman, I don't know, once a week.
Listen, Charles, this is my friend Rob from Back East.
My pleasure.
Charles and me went to network on this pilot together.
They got a bungalow and lots of beautiful babies.
I got a better one.
(checking his watch) Well, let's hit that party.
He's a nice guy though.
Oh, it's on , baby... ... It's on .
There are so many beautiful women here.
You're a better man than I am, Charlie Brown.
Good evening, ladies... How are you ladies doing this evening?
You looked right at her, baby.
Don't sweat it, baby.
Why, baby?
God bless you guys.
You like laughing at the misery of others?
I'll have a Dewars on the rocks.
Thanks.
A lot of hotels... but, you know, it's a dream... and the money's really good.
(smiling at him) You better pay the man.
We got the digits, baby.
I saw you talking to that beautiful blonde baby.
See, baby.
Laugh all you want, but if you call to soon you can scare off a nice baby who's ready to party.
I grew up in ... Anaheim... ... Whatever.
You live in such a fantasy world... What about you, Mikey?
She was a sweet girl but fuck her.
The future is so beautiful.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
And the, boom, something reminds you of her, and you just smile that bittersweet smile.
We're better friends for it.
Thanks, man.
(smiles) Yes.
Well, it wasn't the simple, but yeah.
(smiles) It does.
That Lorraine chick is good .
You were good.
Good for you, man.
She's really special, guys.
Our little baby's growing up...
(synthesized voice) Good move.
You? Good.
(synthesized voice) You're money, baby.
Listen, Mike.
Anyway, I'm so bad at this, if you're not busy I thought you might... Here's to those who love not too wisely, no, not too wisely, but too well... To the girl who sighs with envy when she hears that wedding bell... To the guy who'd throw a party if he knew someone to call... Here's to the losers... Bless them all... Here's to those who drink their dinners when that lady doesn't show... To the girls who wait for kisses underneath that mistletoe... To the lonely summer lovers when the leaves begin to fall... Here's to the losers... Bless them all... Hey Tom, Dick and Harry... Come in out of the rain...
A Purple Heart.
If it were up to me, I'd have you testify wearing your uniform and your medal, wrapped in a flag with one hand on your heart and the other hand on a bible.
We got a new director today.
So nice to be a pariah.
Town never had the heart to put it up.
(mouth full) Pie's... good.
(draining the coffee cup) Thanks.
Fine day, isn't it?
Morning, Doc.
You'd better come with me, son.
Thanks.
Great pie.
(wide eyed) Sweet Jesus... Follow my finger.
Good.
(looks at his watch) Well, morning's half-over.
Thank you, Mr. Lawson.
Thanks.
No guard rail there, it's easy to do.
You joined up one month to the day after Pearl Harbor.
Thanks for the lift, Cecil.
Welcome home, Luke.
(faint smile) Thanks.
We've been closed for a while.
That was a proud day for your mother and me.
(to Harry) She's beautiful.
(smiling) 'Morning, Son.
(smiling) Good morning, Luke.
So glad to have you back, my boy! (to Harry) Much more handsome than I remember him.
Well, lots to do, so we'd better get a move on... 'Fraid this has seen better days.
Beautiful.
Bless.
Thank you, Timothy.
Boy's smart.
Well, I'm the first one to admit that I don't know anything about bookkeeping, but there are some very interesting things in here.
(agape) Well, I'll be...
Good to see you again, too, uh... Ernie.
Oh, Luke, it's so good to have you back!
You two joined up the same day.
Good to meet you.
Well, come on out here so's we can see you.
(to Luke) Spencer and his pals went ahead and got together a good ol' big band.
Well, how about tomorrow night, eight p.m., in city hall square?
And thanks for the welcome.
Goodnight, son.
Do you have the... I'm (hic!) fine.
T-t-thank you.
Thank you.
This is the Super, I have the master key and I'm coming in!
Hey, it's the best way to tell.
I love you too, Mother.
This is good.
(leans back, smiling) I want to see what this one has to say.
It's folly, Irene, pure and simple.
And he got good.
Thanks.
(nervously) Thanks, folks.
Okay folks, here's Mayor Cole! Pretty proud of your boy, Avery?
But Luke, having you back among us... well, it helps us keep their spirits alive, too.
God bless you, son.
This is a celebration, so let's have us a good time -- but not too good a time, 'cause I see just about every member of the city council here tonight, and we have an eight a.m.
Why don't you two get out there and dance?
You two kids have a lovely time.
Delly, can I have a dance?
(shakes his hand) Good to meet you.
Thanks.
Well, he loves the place.
Good to have you back, Luke.
Last dance, folks!
Beautiful, wasn't it?
You loved Chopin.
You used to call it "heaven music."
You don't think you can win this, do you?
(ala "Khalid") "Ha! I'd say I was winning!" Ha! I'd say I was winning!
Look out!" Gregory!
My god... my god... no... (pleading) Oh, baby, make your daddy happy... You're a good girl.
Oh, God, I love you, son.
And I love you... Dad.
We commit to the earth the mortal remains of Harry Bernard Trumbo, safe in the knowledge that his immortal soul is at peace and at last reunited with his beloved Lillian in the bosom of the Lord.
Well... everything.
I wanted you to be alive!
And I tried not to fall in love with you!
I fell in love with you, too, Delly.
("on") This is a great honor.
Thank you.
Thanks.
(smiling) Mr. Clyde, I remember everything.
Good.
Good.
For the record, it reads "Lucille Angstrom."
They'll eat him alive.
It's everything that gives us the potential to be right and good and just -- if only we'd live up to that potential.
Good morning.
(takes a puff) Congratulations, kid.
You did good.
I'm real proud of you.
(to Pete) Get some rest, kid! (handing him a key) Here's a new key for ya.
Good to have you back, Pete.
Bob, congratulations!
When'd you ask her? Holy moley!
I didn't think you'd come back, I thought you'd want to write again... Dell, I can't write unless I'm happy, and I can't be happy unless I'm here -- and with you.
And I love you! (tears in her eyes) And (hic!)
I love you, Pete! (smiling) C'mon, Dell, we gotta go.
But I have something now that I never had before: I have the magic.
Derivatives structures?
What if... we don't don't close this week... Goldenrod - 4.17.11 4. Look, your grandfather's here!
It's your birthday, Dad, not theirs.
(to Peter, as they hug and How you doin', son?
Good?
Thank you, thank you, thank you all very much, it's such a surprise, I didn't even know it was my birthday!
I've done a lot of things in my life, worked very hard, but being here, looking around-- at all these shining, radiant faces, I know that my best work is right here in this room, right now... I'm deeply proud of all of you.
That's the best gift your mother and I could have hoped for, so, thank you... ...and to have sold the company to Standard this morning!
Now, I'm aware that may seem uncharacteristic, but maybe it's taken me sixty years to realize what's truly important -- and it's you guys so thank you all very much.
Goldenrod - 4.17.11 7. Kids are wild.
We make a great return, we give money to the causes we believe in... My darling, you are still in your 20's.
The DOW continues its uptick this morning on new housing starts to rise 132 points.
(calming a little) Good.
Ay, yay yay.
I wanna have fun with you!
Let's take a year and get fat and have fun and go on an adventure.
The gala is Friday.
(walks up to her, laughs) Only two million?
(as he heads out, smiling) I don't know what you're talking about... Goldenrod - 4.17.11
Mr. Miller, good to see you, sir.
Your party has already arrived.
Love means Goldenrod - 4.17.11
Success.
It's better you don't ask.
Do you trust her?
Do you trust her?
(as he exits) Better we don't talk for a while.
It's -- great.
Dad, are you listening to me?
Okay, those trades are in the special book.
Thanks.
It's a trust.
So he's a good student, magnet school, whatever.
Well, he had an excellent lawyer.
66. Everybody wins?
Please?
Please.
She was happy.
She looked totally different... and... (notices Brooke increasing the machine's resistance) You're going straight to level six don't you think you better pace yourself a little bit? (fakes a smile) I'm good.
I love you.
Good work.
Well, thank you.
Syd...? Yeah- Did you make that call to the DA yet...? Thank God.
How can I help you?
The shopping?
But yes, the charities, the wonderful sainted charities, you know, all the wonderful works that you do.
I'll say you were at home with me that night, all night, together, here, and you'll be free and clear.
She'll be better for it.
...and to receive this prestigious award, I invite now to the stage the man who led this generous effort, and whose financial trading firm, Miller Capital, has just this morning been acquired by Standard Bank and Trust, a dedicated businessman, family man, scholar, philanthropist and all-around humanitarian, a man I am lucky to call -- my mentor, my friend -- and my father -- Mr. Robert Miller... That's my best friend from work Erica.
That's the minister.
We meet there around two-thirty in the morning, dressed all in black, your hair in a black stocking, and we have us a knife fight, we won't be bothered.
Bill said you were one of the best ladies he'd ever seen with an edged weapon.
ON TOP of the woman's blonde head.
My gift to you.
A great teacher taught me that once, he looked a whole lot like you.
(pause) I love you too, bye bye.
My baby.
I seen better.
But I know damn well this is the best pussy you ever saw you had touchin rights to.
Now you're making fun of me.
What! Tuna's my favorite.
What! Yes, this is my first time.
Aaahh, you have friend live in Okinawa?
(he takes both sword and sheath from her...) Yet proud tho I am of my life's work... (...he closes them together) I am retired.
And in that purpose I was a success.
This is a time for celebration.
And while you drink like fish and laugh like donkeys, they weep in the afterlife over the perversion committed today.
How can I help you?
(to the Bride) You didn't think it was going to be that easy, did you?
-- But still -- nothing, except my aching heart over what she's done to my beautiful and brilliant Sofie.
latest victory.
The Bride carries her stuff, the Hanzo sword, her money in a backpack, and her other stuff in a canvas duffle bag.
Bingo!
Can I help you?
I've heard your beauty is exquisite.
Very pretty.
Yuki, you're gorgeous.
Yuki's gorgeous?
I say; Ha! Stay in your house and stay down on the floor!
Glad you made it.
Cheers.
Are you satisfied?
I didn't come here to make friends.
Oh yes I can.
(pause) Nice to see Kiddo hasn't gone completely apeshit.
It's kind of fun watching people gamble when they don't know they're gambling, isn't it?
Great day in the morning.
Bingo.
She's so gentle right now, I could preform her coup de grace with a rock.
A brand spankin new Hattori Hanzo sword.
Then I'll see you in the morning millionaire.
Wakey wakey, eggs and bakey.
Help me.
Well, now that you've had a nice, good cry, let's figure out how to get out of here?
It's like I'm buried alive with Buddy Rich.
And so began, the legend of Pai Mei's Ten-Point Palm - Exploding Heart Technique.
What praytell, is a ten-point palm - exploding heart technique?
Did he teach you that?
He teaches no one the ten-point palm - exploding heart technique.
But he is Nietzsche's psalm personified.
If Pai Mei doesn't kill you, he will make you stronger.
Now one of the things I always liked about you, Kiddo, is you appear wise beyond your years.
Caught him in a good mood, aye?
You're gonna have plenty of fun carrying buckets of water up and down that fucker.
I can do with it what I please.
(pause) Draw me a bath...your training will begin tomorrow.
I can put my hand through that at six inches.
In the sky, is a bird.
(she snatches the tiny heart from the rodent's carcass.
How does victory taste?
Thank you teacher -- You still fight better than you speak.
Yeah you gotta hand it to the ol' girl.
Oh yes Mr. Bill, it's very pretty.
Why don't you put it on the dinner table, so we can enjoy it tonight.
(she takes it) Good idea, she'll love it.
That'd be a nice thing to come home to, wouldn't it, a bed of roses.
Oh, she'll love that Mr. Bill.
Do you approve?
Not now, she's in dream land.
How many years has she been alive?
Well, it just so happens, my hacienda comes with its very own private beach.
And my private beach, just so happens to look particularly beautiful bathed in moonlight.
You said I looked beautiful last time you saw me in it.
I look forward to this evening.
It was great speaking with you, Bea.
She's alive!
My baby girl's alive!
It comes in a lot of different flavors and colors, and it's really good.
(to Mommy) When you were doin all that fancy shootin, you didn't happen to shoot a nice Mexican woman about forty five years old, did ya?
You can come out now, we're ready for dinner.
Yeah! B.B., don't you think Mommy has the prettiest hair in the whole wide world?
Gorgeous.
Mommy is gorgeous.
What happened to Mommy?
Why don't you ask Mommy.
She was excited.
Red wine?
C'mon, Bea, you're a whole lot more fun with a couple glasses of wine in ya.
So we're both on the same footing wine wise.
When I showed him your picture he smiles and said; (imitating his accent) "Yesss, I see the attraction."
Baby, you don't have a future.
Hello, can I help you?
I have a welcome gift from the management.
Oh, it's beautiful.
Give him a couple of years.
Where's your mamma, honey?
It's warm.
Jim! Happy Easter.
You talk to the man nice now, hear?
Thank you.
We give you love and affection, don't we?
(smiling) Well you know who he takes after!
She eats him alive and he takes it.
They make mush out of him.
Now that's true! (smiling) See? "Life is crushing in on me." (smiling) "Life can be beautiful."
(relieved) Who lives?
See, I'm new.
Won't mother be proud.
Yeah--why-- Dig the square wardrobe!
I'm glad they let you out.
He'll tell you where your home room is-- Thanks a lot.
The great polar fields of the north and south will rot and divide, and the seas will turn warmer.
The last of us search the heavens and stand amazed.
(in good imitation) Moo! (flat) Yeah, moo.That's real cute.
I don't want to make friends.
And while the flash of our beginning has not yet traveled the light years into distance-- Has not yet been seen by planets deep within the other galaxies, we will disappear into the blackness of the space from which we came.
The world ended.
(smiling) Le soleil tombe dans la mer.
Les jeux de courage!
Big brave bull.
(smiling as he sees PLATO) Hey! Chicken Little!
Buzzie--we better get out of here.
You want him alive?
What's the matter with the nice man?
The world is round!
The world goes round the sun!
Goodbye proud world!
The world's my oyster!
(smiling wanly, to JIM) Sometimes the world is too much with us, isn't it, son?
(rising) Daddy-- Good evening.
Why? I'd like to, that's all.
(in a sudden burst) The atomic age! (kissing her husband's hair) It's the age when nothing fits.
Listen--I took a steak out of the freezer.
(happily) Shoot, Jimbo.
Glad to meet you.
Looks good.
Thank you.
You better get home too.
(quietly) Hello, little cute sister.
Hello, darling, baby-pie, glamor- puss, sweetie-- (calling from his bed) Beau!
You belong in bed!
What happened, darling.
Good Lord!
John! John! Coming up now another request--this time from the boys down at Anna's Pizza Paradise--A new arrangement of a great oldie in rhythm and blues.
Man! Hey!
You smiled!
And the sun was shining and everything was nice.
But I've never been in love.
(smiling) Awful?
Your lips are soft when you kiss.
Help me in!
We're safe here.
Wowee ow wow! Let's take it for the summer.
You see, we've just--oh, you tell him, darling.
Heavens!
It's wonderful that you understand so well--and so young too!
(in another outburst of laughing) I'm what?
(gargling) Hey! How 'bout that!
He was a hero in the China Sea.
All the time I've been looking for someone to love me and now--I love somebody.
And it's so easy.
Why is it easy now?
I love you, Jim.
Good morning.
Like you were the hero in the China Seas.
My boy run off tonight.
It's warm.
Give it to me.
Trust me.
Mom--Dad--this is my friend.
You look great.
We'll meet ya.
Nice costume.
I want to thank you for coming to my graduation, Stephen.
It was a great inspiration to me.
Man, you look great.
'Bout written you off.
Yeah, you'd be surprised what three years can do to a kid.
Still good enough though for this tub.
In the Field Museum once.
Nah, listen to it.
Steam us! (to firemen) Let's go! Ya love it, probie?
I'm in heaven, Lt. Hook us up to a stand-pipe.
You're gonna love this.
Is she... Is she alive?
Hey, baby McCaffrey.
(winks) We'll keep it warm for you.
-- See ya guys tonight at Fitzgerald's retirement party.
Thanks.
Brian -- (a beat that hangs there) -- See ya tonight.
Having fun? Look, I'm not the same girl who had nothing better to do than wrap her legs around you on a Saturday night.
(to man) -- Tom, how nice to see you.
Pay more?
On the hero.
You must feel lucky to be assigned under his command.
One of our best investigators, Don Rimgale, is working on a very difficult, visible case right now.
We think he could use another pair of hands and you're exactly the kind of guy I want representing us: An authentic hero from a traditional firefighting clan.
Christ, you taught me that.
(beat, smiles) We're gonna be okay, man... Is she going to get the divorce?
(looking at watch) Alright... Go! Go!
Having fun, fireman?
Christ, I'll let you win next time.
Well, thank God for fires... (grabbing his coat) My baby!
My baby's still up there!
You win... You're the best, man... (on intercom) Brian McCaffrey on line two for Jennifer.
(turns to her and smiles) Go get him.
(beat) Marty's a good man, Brian.
You've made my day longer, Probie.
Your new assistant.
And the world -- the whole world.
See ya next year, Ronald.
Good for us.
(after a beat) What are you listening to?
(to himself) So you were happy here.
Love the tie.
Give up, babe.
The great communicator.
I treated you better.
Well, you did invite me here.
(beat, smiles) But I wanted you to come to.
Mr. McCaffrey... Nice boat.
Thanks for the invite.
I wanted to be a good one.
They loved it.
You were right, my family background in firefighting gave it weight.
I'm finished with Swayzak.
It fried Holcomb when he opened the inner door.
But the only way to truly kill it is to love it a little, just like Ronald.
Promise.
We've come a long way together, Marty.
So you came to me... (smiles) Well, this is going to be an interesting afternoon after all... Okay, here's the deal.
Fair?
I don't have a story.
It's fair.
I loved it.
Right then I wanted to be him more than anything... (smiles) Very good, Brian.
The way to a torch's heart is through his tools.
Good.
They were my friends, I had to do it.
That's my brother!
We will now ring out that code to welcome home John Adcox and Stephen McCaffrey...
Your brother was a good man.
It's a small town.
But he moves fast and he loves bricks and mortar.
I do move fast and I love bricks and mortar, properties are always the safe bet, but you better know what you're doing 'cos this ain't soft money.
(beat) Come on then, give us your hand.
(Lenny smiles) I hear you got that car you was after,....now, sort the planning out.
That's a bit strong isn't it Len?
It's nice to see you Uri.
Good.
Oh, that's a nice picture Uri, hasn't it got, errrh depth?
Whiskey is the new Vodka.
Oh,...cheers then,... To success.
Where's the old Archy smile?
I see why you married her now Bertie.
I told you we'd make a great team,..
You my love are a rare commodity.
(beat) Now come on, give your Bertie a smile.
(beat) Fancy a cool down and a chat with Lenny?
(excited and shy) What does she mean by that?
Oh that's nice,..refreshing, that'll put you back on top boy.
I don't mind if I do,...that's a nice lighter.
Oh I wouldn't forget that, the most important things first.
You boys and girls like to find funny places in your head where nothing can get you, don't you?
I'm good with the posh ones, don't you worry about that.
I knew he'd like the lighter, nice touch eh? She's a good girl that Jackie.
(laughing) Give her another drink.
(beat) You're right, he wouldn't have leant me his lucky painting if he didn't mean business.
This isn't good Arch, it's his favorite painting, his lucky painting!
No need for strong violence, no no, they're straight back to their childhood.
Put the bags in the car, give him the keys and walk away smiling.
Calm down Len, the Councilor can wait.
(beat) Some good news for you, One Two and Co came through with the scratch.
(too the girl) Shavawn get us a couple of vanilla chai lattes, there's a good girl.
Great movie this Arch.
They've had it digitally re-mastered, glorious picture and the sounds exquisite.
That's courage that is Arch.
I got just the show for you, a Chinese orphan with a learning disability that don't stop singing and dancing all the way through the first half.
Then, up pops a Geisha girl and it all goes magical in the second; the wife will love it and you can't get tickets for love nor,...
How's your Mum taking it Handsome?
(raising his cup) Thank you.
Glass of milk for me, my love.
Good afternoon gentlemen.
Good as gold thanks.
Not for me thank you.
Tell me, what do you do for fun?
Private,.. it's worth it.
Listen to me boy, listen.
(beat) In the mean time, show me some gratitude and keep the fuckin music down.
You'd get a good few notes for that.
(beat) But first we should have a drink in our hands.
(singing) Pedro's dad's a tickling monster!
Come on boy, I'll have you and ya girlfriends!
You slag Story!
How can we help?
He's alive-alive- o somewhere selling cockles and mussels,...and a very important painting that doesn't belong to him.
Well you can't come in here, not without shaking my hand.
Good evening gentlemen.
Come on then kids, get in a nice orderly line and we'll get the party started.
The boys all head various ways into the party We see One Two walking through the party, when he runs into Handsome.
Mumbles smiles and flicks his cigar ash into Bertie's glass.
He knows he's a poof and keeps his eyes on him a second too long just to get Bertie excited.
So is your friend part of the wild bunch?
That young man is the greatest gun slinger in town.
(Bertie smiles) Then how come I don't know him?
(he looks to Handsome) I want to meet the gun slinger.
Mumbles looks over to Handsome.
Large one,...Dance?
We CUT TO Mumbles who has gone up to Handsome.
Handsome, I got a job for you.
(beat) Beauty is a beguiling call to death and I am addicted to the sweet siren of its pitch.
And that,..is why,..you and I love the crack, and that is also why I can not,.. give that painting back.
He loves the boys.
A DANCE, yes, I did.
He looked after my Mum, how come he never told me? 'Cos that's Handsome Bob and he's class.
(calm, but worried) Leave it John, I'm happy, I'm all right down here mate.
Well, you should be the first to know this, but isn't he,...
Run! Run for your lives.
I will have that painting with you in a couple of days Uri.
Uri watches Lenny walk off.
One Two walks into the restaurant with Handsome Bob.
One Two is bashed to a pulp, but he's wearing a nice suit and carrying a bag full of money.
I am busy tonight, but Monday looks good.
I'll be round in a jiffy and I'll see you Monday.
He looks mortified and beckons his friends on.
They're good stuff John, Scotch and Scouse.
Love, Cookie" The door bell rings, he opens it and there stands Stella.
(she smiles) I'll take you up on that.
She picks up the painting and turns smiling.
Archy arrives with a couple of old carpets, One Two, Mumbles and Handsome Bob are wrapped inside.
He changes to impersonate Lenny, its deep and over the top.
(little boy voice) But you can't do it to Uncle Arch, I love him.
Johnny is off out of the elevator walking away happy as a clam.
You look a little green.
Johnny comes bowling in like a 'rocknrolla' coming on to stage.
Nice wheels.
One Two, Handsome Bob, and Mumbles observe.
It's a gathering, I love a gathering look, Mumbles, One Two, Handsome Bob all the old faces today.
Back to present.
Years, it's my lucky painting,... it's very special isn't it?
Pause, she smiles.
It can make you think you're on top of the world.
And if you believe that money can do all that for you, you're the perfect mark.
Please.
You better get over to Al's.
The Rutti-Tutti-Fresh and Fruity thing they got.
Let me tell you how good this guy is.
That's how good he is.
Good cuticles .
But you... Smooth... Supple.
Everybody's on the friggin' take... Keeping the Fix happy.
Keep going.
First thing about being on the grift.... You're only as good as your Mark.
It means that in fifteen minutes we're on good terms.
Thirty, I'm your buddy.
In an hour, I'm your best friend.
That's when you meet the Insideman.
That's worth it right there.
We pay better.
Good point.
And we would have been beautiful about it.
We would've had a bucket of chicken delivered to the King with a nice kiss my ass card attached to it.
I agreed with Miles.
Special Agent Gunther Moonan.
Special Agent?
Then, like a gift, Jake's good buddy and member of his crew, Alfonse Moorely, is found the other day with a hole in his head.
He sent me a birthday card.
The next best thing.
I'm good.
Now go make me proud.
You ask for the Advantage Goods, then you guys come in looking to be Bean Traps.
So then I figure, what's worth that?
Congratulations again.
Thank you, sir.
(writing) That'd be a great help.
Thank you.
I know it's policy, but... (looking over at Lily) The thing is... It's our first anniversary and we're only in town for the weekend.
This ring is my gift to her and I think she's going to really love it.
Happy anniversary.
Smile.
Now we gotta give him a strong finish.
Listen, I got Vig.
So here's the deal...
MOONAN (cont' d) Good...
You gotta do better.
Thanks.
Nice to see you too.
Lighten up.
Grant's one of the good guys.
(leaning in) Listen, what I'm about to tell you, I'm telling you in confidence, okay?
Tip was fine, Jake.
Hey, listen...
Special Agent Gunther Moonan.
Thanks.
Good boy.
Special Agent Gunther Moonan.
And that's how Special Agent Gunther Moonan and I became friends.
The Custom's guy is ready right?
They say a good chess player can.
We'll let you have a moment.
I'll get square with whoever did Al.
I'll get square with everybody.
Now that's an exciting story.
If they pull it off, great.
Have a little faith in him, honey.
You're welcome.
You should have trusted me like I trusted you.
Mood lighting.
It's a quote from a book.
Mr. Gold tried for the whole pound at once, his love handle.
Give it to me, then.
Thank you, sir.
You win, Somerset.
But, later, everyone started painting to tell their own stories... to teach lessons.
Amen, brother.
I can help you let Him into your life.
Interesting isn't it, friend?
Can I help you?
Thank you.
Oh, yes.
He's a good cop.
I'll get out of your hair.
Good work.
Thank God.
In this city, minding your own business is a perfected science.
At the precinct, Sunday nights, they offer a public crime prevention course.
"The Sun in Splendor with the Eye."
Which saint is he?
Like in these paintings, and in Dante's Purgatory, right?
But, in Purgatory, Dante and his buddy climb that big mountain... Seven Terraces of Purgation.
Anyway... pride comes first, not gluttony.
Listen, California.
I'm new in town.
Well, I was doing really good in Philly up till then.
Give it up.
Good morning, Sweetheart!
Somerset, you... you better look here.
He's laughing at us.
He's alive!
He's still alive!
To sever his hand and use it to plant fingerprints.
It's a pleasant surprise.
Listen to the books this guy's been taking out... (reading list) Basic Homicide Investigation.
The Encyclopedia of Modern Serial Killers... (looks up, excited) Of Human Bondage .
Le Fanu's Green Tea.
One birthday, he gave me a hardcover book called The Century of the Detective, by Jurgen Thorwald.
Okay, thanks.
I'll give you a ride.
But, keep in mind, Tracy, like tonight, there are small pockets of sanity.
Please.
You can make a difference in a few people's lives.
Goodnight, Somerset.
I better go.
It won't be for long, honey.
Bright red.
Red sky at night, sailor's delight.
You want me to agree with you.
Well, I don't agree with you.
Thanks for the beer.
I love you.
I love you.
Everything's fine.
You're the only friend I have here.
And, there was a baby.
Things were good.
I convinced her...
You'd be doing me the favor.
What a great big surprise that is.
Give me a kiss on the lips.
Just makes the ride a little more fun.
(smiles to himself) Lost on you, isn't it?
Right, right.
I'm not going to let you win this! Christ.
Please... You.
(to himself) Oh... man... Dude this is already the best weekend ever!
Stu, relax, we're still on the 10.
Can you believe it?! (smiling at photos) How cute... Good for you, man.
Yeah, you're good.
When they first met, Alan had braces and soccer hair, and Becky had a functioning hymen.
But we talked, and everything's cool now.
Thanks.
Oh, great.
I love pudding!
Is this gonna do better than the hip-hop label you started, Vick?
This is my best friend from childhood, Douglas Billings.
In two days, he is to marry a woman of great beauty and strong teeth, do you understand?
A woman of gigantic bosoms who will give him many, many sons... My two other childhood friends have travelled great distances, across many deserts, to be here.
This isn't a night in a hotel for us, Atashir: this is a family reunion.
And have Jean-Marie cook up a dozen of those duck skewers I like so well.
Little toast: to Tracy, the coolest, kindest, most beautiful woman I've ever met.
And to being here, with my best friends in the world.
/ We'll be good.
I gotta look decent on Sunday.
That was hilarious!
That was awesome!
"Respect me!" Ahh, good times, man.
Good times... We'll be good tonight, Doug.
Your hair, dude.
Good morning, this is Stu?
Thanks, man.
It's cool, I'm a dad.
You never call the bride from the bachelor party.
Well, Stuart, your ass is all torn up and you're wearing thong underwear declaring your love for another dude -- I don't think we need the CSI team for this one!
(gasping, realizing) I do watch Dancing With The Stars with the kids!
What?! I was a good-looking kid! Please, you're so not his type!
Quickly, and from a great distance.
Also, my Dad is gonna have a field day with this.
Easy as Stu's ass.
Guys, relax.
Everything's gonna be cool...
For 14 years she's been begging me to get married... Well, now you did.
Uh, it was such a lovely ceremony, wasn't it?
Hand to God, I've never seen two people more in love!
It's good to be seen, Carla.
It's good to be seen.
Awesome!
For you and Chastity to watch on your anniversary...
"Your best man?!" What's going on there, Alan?! Nothing!
I promise.
Love you.
Well...ya?
The wedding was really fun.
It's the All-American love story, isn't it?
Yeah -- and this is the pole where we first met!
Come on, let's go meet my bridesmaids!
Hey, boys!
Good to see you again!
Oh my God, he's playing our song!
(giddy, to Alan) This song was playing when we met, remember?!
Yeah, it was so sweet... Look, I don't know how to say this, but my friends and I were very drunk last night.
No. Stu, sit and enjoy your dance.
Life is one long series of emergencies, and if you don't learn to stop and have a little fun along the way, you're gonna grow into a joyless old prick like your dad.
Now yes, we have 18 hours to find Doug -- which means we can afford to spend ten minutes celebrating the special talents of these gifted young body-artists.
I have daughters.
Chastity, honey, is there a back way out of here?! Come on!
Come on, Alan: tell me that wasn't just a little fun...
I love you, Jimmy Lang!
You do?! Jimmy and I tried to raise capital for Girl-nasium, a 24 hour fitness center and day spa for tween-age girls, but it never got off the ground.
We must've bumped into him last night, and he must've invited us to join his birthday celebration.
It was really nice meeting you--!
Why do think you're so much better than us, dude?!
And trust me, it's not that hard!
In Los Angeles?! Are you joking?! Okay, let's all take a breath-- When's the last time you had a real job, man?! When's the last time you had a girlfriend?! Hell, when's the last time you picked up the check?! What's so great about any of those things?!
You're uptight, you're judgemental, you're cheap, and yet somehow you think you're sweeter than everyone else! Well look around, man: no one wants to be you!
Good call on happy hour, Chastity.
We'll be home before the wedding!
We hit every club we went to til someone remembers what we did with Doug! Nice clue, Stuey!
G-Good, thanks...? We're going to love you either way, Stu... Some of my best friends are gay.
Oh, honey, you were everything.
Anyway, for the big finale of our show, we always bring someone on stage, and, well, Stu, you volunteered pretty aggressively.
You were pretty mellow at first, Stu, but once we got you into the chaps, you really came alive-- oh, here it is.
Oh thank you, Atashir!
You are a man of great honor!
A thousand blessings upon your ancestors!
Oh thank God he's okay...
Hug me, you big shiny homosexual!
What a gentle soul.
(looking at watch) 2:22.
Last night wasn't the first flaky decision I've ever made in my life.
I'd move, but my kid is in a great school.
She's... Well, she's everything.
Wow, she's stunning.
Becky is great.
She has low fun sugar.
Good for you.
Good to see you again.
Listen, Mr. Lang, whatever we did last night, we are incredibly sorry- These your rich friends you were telling me about, Vick?
We're your best friends...
I just-- I've heard that before, Vick, including last night, when you so rudely skipped out on my birthday party.
If you want your friend to live, meet me at mile marker 26 off Highway 12 at dawn, and bring the money.
I love you, man.
Love you too, bro.
Love you too.
Look, I'm glad we're all sharing, but we've got three hours to come up with 200 grand, or else... I'd offer to take a loan out, but it's 3 o'clock in the morning, I'm pretty sure my bank is closed.
Yeah, probably not... Well...I'll always remember you as a great first husband, then.
Yes, good!
Roger's friend, the cake designer!
But you were partying with this guy at my birthday thing!
Now please.
Hey Vick! Listen, honey...The bachelor party got a little out of control and, well...we lost Doug.
We'll see you at the wedding!
It reminded me of our first drink of the night!
Honestly, dude, you're a genius.
Oh my god, I'm so glad you're okay!
Why'd you do it, sweet Atashir?! Why did you betray us?!
Fair enough!
See you next time, you beautiful Judas!
Well, we can't drive!
It's 350 miles to LA and the wedding starts at 10, which is in-- (looking at watch) --three hours!
You gotta admit, it's a pretty funny prank...
We ready to do this thing?
She looks beautiful, man.
I love you, Daddy.
I love you too, pumpkin.
We don't make each other happy anymore, Beck.
Let's be excited and fun and alive again... Are you fucking kidding me?
Let's start with dinner, and see where it goes...? (smiling warmly) I'd like that.
To me and Tracy -- and to being here, with my three former best friends in the world... There's nowhere else I'd rather be right now.
/ We'll be good.
Time is of no importance, only life is important.
The Mondoshawan No!!! Don't!!!
The thermo-analyzers have jammed.
(exasperated) Is that better?
Your theory is interesting Father but I don't think we have time to go into it right now!
Only life is important.
(exasperated) That's exactly what we are going to try and do: Protect the lives of some 200 billion of our fellow citizens!
A robotic voice greets him.
Welcome on board Mr. Dallas.. How you doing this morning?
As the garage door lifts, the Megalopolis that is New York City in the Have a nice day.. Korben lets the propulsion build.
The two enter a cylindrical laboratory.
The cell is for lack of a better word... perfect.
But Mr. Perfect better be polite... otherwise I turn him into cat food.
Korben looks at the girl, goes to Her beauty troubles him.
Perfect... David, is mending a cassock when Cornelius bursts into the room out of It's a miracle!!! (worried) What is? (babbling crazily) I can't wear these clothes!
He opens a closet filled with identical robes and plunges in, Korben gently kisses the girl's cheeks, but she doesn't respond.
The girl pauses a moment.
I'll be happy to open the door this time!.
The Supreme Being, the fifth element is here, in our parish!!! It's a miracle!!! ...What's your name?
(after a moment) Leeloo Minai Lekarariba-Laminai-Tchai Ekbat De Sebat.
Korben is falling in love.
That's... really cute... Cornelius bursts into the room.
LEELOO lowers her guard starts to laugh.
Korben smiles.
Cornelius begins to They all like this in your family, father?
She's an exception.. Thank you so much for your help Mr...? Dallas.
Leeloo stops laughing when she sees Korben Yes.
...Thanks.
Leeloo breaks into her childish laughter.
Clean.
Grandfather say: "It never rain every day."
Oh! Korben smiles at him.
At least I won lunch.
Good philosophy..see good in bad..
Everything here we need to know about Fhloston Paradise Hotel... and a detailed blueprint of the entire hotel!
Good work, my son.
Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg... nice to see you again I remember you now..the so called art dealer.
What a lovely ballet, so full of form and color.
So full of..life!
Zorg tosses a cherry Yes but... by that simple gesture of destruction.
Fifty people who will be able to feed their children so they can grow up big and strong.
Children who will have children of their own, adding to the great cycle of life!
Zorg smiles, holds up the glass and takes a drink.
The cherry comes flying out.
Please...
Thanks for the tip! (smiling) Glad to help.
Leeloo ..It's funny.
A nice, hot cup of coffee!
You'll see, honey's great!... Korben rummages through the drawer.
Leeloo, innocent, doesn't seem to A hot cup of coffee... with honey...
Leeloo smiles and (nervously) I've got this great honey somewhere.
She looks back to the man fumbling for honey.
And she smiles.
You are so lucky... Loc Rhod is the coolest DJ in the universe.
The stewardess smiles and shakes her head.
The one and only winner of the Gemini Croquette contest!
The boy is perfect.. (he feels his muscles) ...The right size, right build, right hair.
His dreams, his desires, his most intimate of intimates.
...Start drooling, ladies!
The airline company has prepared drinks Yesterday's unknown will be tomorrow's Prince of Fhloston Paradise, the hotel of a thousand and one follies, home of luxury and beauty.
A magic fountain flowing with non-stop wine, women and Bootchie Koochie Koo...
...And start licking your stamps little girls, this guy's gonna have you writing home to Momma! Tomorrow from 5 to 7, I'll be your voice, your tongue and I'll be hot on the tail of the sexiest man of the year... D-man...
Zorg's Right Arm gives her a big smile.
Right Arm's smile shatters.
(smiling) I'm sorry, sir, boarding is finished.
Not hard to find you...just follow the Chaos... Leeloo smiles, as if complimented.
I would love to work in peace.
Leeloo types in "LOVE" on the keyboard.
Love... Yes!
But "love" isn't the operative word here, PEACE is! Leeloo types in this new word.
(rather pleased) Peace... and love...
She brings up a picture of a 60's style Hippie flashing a peace sign.
He The tiny space shuttle clings to the huge oceanliner.
Leeloo stops (smiling) Welcome to Paradise.
Leeloo smiles and punches in an old code and twists the doorknob.
The A shriek of joy fills the room.
(hanging on to Korben) Oh, yes! Do that!
Tell me all about yourself, your roots, your personal life, your childhood dreams...
I don't think this is a good time... ...You got brothers and sisters?
50 billion people listen to me every day... and he doesn't hear me... Leeloo is in a small room, ear at the door, listening.
She gives him a blinding smile and closes the door.
And the smile of an angel?
She will give you what you have come to get, but she wants to sing first...
Listen, Ma! I've only got a few days vacation and I'll be damned if I'm gonna spend them on the phone.
She needs your help and your love.
The Diva takes his hand.
She was taught to love the life of others... but not her own.
You have to teach her to love if you want her to truly live! (uncomfortable) I'll help her, I promise, but I think you should tell me where the Stones are! Do you love her? I...
You're not gonna die in peace!
This is amazing!
The winner of the Gemini Croquette contest.
Everyone's relieved.
(broadcasting, exhausted) Dear listeners, your favorite DJ is alive and kicking.
(to the others) The best show I ever did!
Can you hear me better now?
I didn't come here to listen to music!
I'm not at the hotel!
(to himself) Stay calm.... stay calm... General Munro enters the office with a smile.
Thank God! We've been saved!
A SCIENTIST rushes in.
She opens her eyes a (gentle, loving) Apipoulai.. Leeloo smiles, weakly, feverish.
Major, first off, I want to thank you, in my name and in the name of the Federation...
For the praiseworthy courage you have shown us!
Korben walks ahead carrying Leeloo.
Thanks be to God! Later, David!
Earth is in view.
I love you... Despite her fatigue, Leeloo smiles broadly.
Inaudible - Streams of black acid spurt from the pyramid and solidify like The pure beam, the Light of Life, has finished its work.
Cornelius and Loc Rhod burst out laughing.
Korben and Leeloo keep on We are in the Nucleological Laboratory that gave birth to Leeloo in the Mr. President, let me introduce you to Professor Mactilburgh, who runs the center.
It's an honor to receive you.
Where are our two heroes?
On behalf of the entire Federation, I would like to thank... Take his feet out.
I have a wonderful new play!
A new comedy.
And a share.
It's a crowd-tickler--mistaken identities, a shipwreck, a pirate king, a bit with a dog, and love triumphant.
Good title.
A share of the profits.
My theatre is close by the plague these twelve weeks, my company is playing the inn-yards of England, while Burbage and the Chamberlain's Men are invited to court and receive ten pounds to play your piece, written for my theatre, by my writer, at my risk when you were green and grateful - What piece?
Cut out my heart!
You too, good Crab.
No, they would laugh at Seneca if you played it.
There is no dog in the first scene, Will Kempe, thank you.
The Queen has commanded, she loves a comedy and the Master of the Revels favours us.
"Cease to persuade, my loving Proteus; Home-keeping youth have ever homely wits..." When will you write me a sonnet, Will?
Love and a bit with a dog, that's what they like.
What joy is joy, if Silvia be not by?
I liked the dog, for laughs.
Stage love will never be true love while the law of the land has our heroines played by pipsqueak boys in petticoats!
When the Queen commands it.
But at the playhouse.
Well-monied is the same as well-born and well-married is more so.
Lord Wessex was looking at you tonight.
I will have poetry in my life.
And love.
not the artful postures of love, but love that over- throws life.
Love like there has never been in a play.
(beat) I will have love or I will end my days as a . . .
(kissing her) But I would be Valentine and Silvia too.
Good Nurse, God save you and good night.
Clean your teeth while you dream, then.
Give my friend a beaker of your best brandy.
Wonderful, wonderful.
I love your early work.
Good title.
Well, there's a pirate (confesses) In truth, I have not written a word.
Yes, that's good.
Until he meets Ethel.
Mercutio...good name.
Sweet Helen, make me immortal with a kiss!" Thank you.
Sweet Helen, make me immortal with a--?" (bellows) Thank you! "W-w-w-w-was th-th-this th-th-the f-f- f-face..." (unexpectedly) Very good, Mr. Wabash.
Excellent.
"What light is light, if Silvia be not seen, What joy is joy, if Silvia be not by?
I like her. (to Musician) By all the stars in heaven, who is she?
Viola de Lesseps.
Master Shakespeare My lady Viola.
Good sir... ?
(smiling evilly) "Poet?" (coming round form the anaesthetic and not noticing the danger) I was a poet till now, but I have seen beauty that puts my poems at one with the talking ravens at the Tower.
Anon, good nurse.
Oh my lady, my love!
Oh, not for the world!
Is it going well?
Thank you!
You are welcome.
We are about to embark on a great voyage.
It is customary to make a little speech on the first day.
It does no harm and authors like it.
The Admiral's Men are returned to the house!
(respectfully) Thank you, sir.
Welcome, George Bryan!
Are you ready to fall in love again?
Wonderful.
"Out of her favour where I am in love."
(rounding on him) God's teeth, am I to suffer this constant stream of interruption?! (to THOMAS) What will you do in Act Two when he meets the love of his life?
Piety is for Sunday!
It would be better that you return tomorrow, my lord.
It would be better that you tell her to get off her knees and show some civility to her six-day lord and master.
I am aware of it, but it is beauty's privilege.
I have spoken to the Queen.
He returns from his estates to see us married two weeks from Saturday.
The Queen has consented?
At Greenwich, come Sunday.
Be submissive, modest, grateful and brief.
Ladies downstage!
The speech is excellent.
(he does the first line impressively) "Oh, then I see Queen Mab hath been with you!" Excellent and a good length.
She is to marry Lord Wessex.
If you love her, you must do what she asks.
She loves me, Thomas!
Tell me how you love her, Will.
(collecting herself) Is your lady beautiful?
Tell me, is she beautiful?
It is broad day!
It is a new world!
"You kiss by th' book."
(to Will, sarcastically) Well!
"Marry bachelor, Her mother is the lady of the house..." "...And a good lady, and wise and virtuous.
(continuing reading) "It is my lady, O it is my love!
Her eyes in heaven Would through the airy region stream so bright That birds would sing and think it were not night.
See how she leans her cheek upon her hand.
(reading through VIOLA'S kisses) "Oh Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
"Or if thou wilt not, be but sworn my love And I'll no longer be a Capulet."
Look thou but sweet, And I am proof against their enmity."
I would not for the world!
I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes; And but thou love me, let them find me here.
"Good night, good night.
As sweet repose and rest Come to thy heart as that within my breast.
"What satisfaction can'st thou have tonight?"
"My bounty is as boundless as the sea, My love as deep: (continuing the speech with him) the more I give to thee The more I have, for both are infinite."
Dear love, adieu."
(calling to the NURSE who is outside) Anon, good Nurse "Anon, good Nurse--Sweet Montague be true."
"Oh blessed blessed night."
A thousand times good night!"
Thank you, Ned.
"Good night, good night.
Parting is such sweet sorrow That I shall say good night till it be morrow."
Sunday...it is Sunday.
The Queen, Gloriana Regina, God's Chosen Vessel, the Radiant One, who shines her light on us, is at Greenwich today, and prepared, during the evening's festivities, to bestow her gracious favour on my choice of wife--and if we're late for lunch, the old boot will not forgive.
Not for the Queen herself!
(tartly) You follow your desire freely enough in the night.
As Thomas Kent my heart belongs to you but as Viola the river divides us, and I will marry Wessex a week from Saturday.
(ranting) By heaven, I will drag her down, by the Queen's command Good morning, my lord!
(impressed by her appearance) Ah! My lady!
(arriving with a curtsey) My, but you be a handsome gallant, just as she said!
(to Viola) The Queen asks for you.
Oh yes, he is the one, lovely waistcoat, shame about the poetry.
What do you love so much?
Do you love stories of kings and queens?
Feats of arms?
Or is it courtly love?
I love theatre.
I mean...Your Majesty, they do not, they have not, but I believe there is one who can Lady Viola is...young in the world.
I'll wager my fortune.
(which wins a scatter of applause.
(she moves away, everybody bowing and scraping) So--the fireworks will be soothing after the excitements of Lady Viola's audience.
You are playing my Faustus this afternoon.
Don't spend yourself in sport.
Tell me your story while I tickle your fancy!
It is, Thomas, but of good reputation.
(groping him) I think you are ready, Sam! (raising his glass) You are welcome to my best house!
(saving her) Mr. Fennyman, because you love the theatre you must have a part in my play.
(embracing WILL) By heaven, I thank you!
Well, there's this Nurse Mr. Shakespeare has given me the part of the Apothecary!
The Apothecary? Will, what is the story?
Let us have pirates, clowns, and a happy ending, or we will send you back to Stratford to your wife! (shouts) Will!
(standing up) He was the first man among us.
A great light has gone out.
God forgive me, God forgive me!
Bless me, I thought it was a horse.
A great loss to playwriting, and to dancing.
Come, then, we'll say a prayer for his soul My lady...my lady...now is the time to show your breeding.
Oh, spare me, dear ghost, spare me for the love of Christ! (screaming) Spare me! Will! Oh, my love, I thought you were dead!
Marlowe's touch was in my Titus Andronicus and my Henry VI was a house built on his foundations.
My love is no lie.
Calf love.
I loved the writer, and gave up the prize for a sonnet.
Oh, my love (he kisses her) You ran from me before.
The Friar who married them gives Juliet a potion to drink.
It is a secret potion.
She will awake to life and love when Romeo comes to her side again.
I saw him kissing her bubbies!
Closed!
Y-y-y-you w-w-w-were w-w-w-w- wonderful.
Thank you.
(muttering) I would have been good...I would have been great.
with Mr. Fennyman as the Apothecary Will! We'll be needing a Romeo My ship is moored at Bankside, bound for Virginia on the afternoon tide--please do not weep, Lady De Lesseps, you are gaining a colony.
Good morning, my lord.
I see you are open for business so let's to church.
Be good to her, my lord!
God bless you!
Thank you.
Let go, there's a good nurse.
Licentiousness is made a show, vice is made a show, vanity and pride likewise made a show!
W-w-w-was it g-g-g-good?
What, lamb.
"Trust me, love, in my eyes so do you.
Thou desparate pilot, now at once run on The dashing rocks thy seasick weary bark!" "Here's to my love (he drinks) O true Apothecary." (whispers to himself) I was good.
I was great.
A cup clos'd in my true love's hand?
"...O happy dagger "For never was a story of more woe Than this of Juliet and her Romeo."
The Admiral's Men, The Chamberlain's Men and everyone of you ne'er-do-wells who stands in contempt of the authority invested in me by her Majesty.
(weakly) Your Majesty There was a wager, I remember...as to whether a play can show the very truth and nature of love.
As stories must when love's denied--with tears and a journey.
(the QUEEN gives him a look) Pounds.
Fifty pounds, Will, for the poet of true love.
Look where the dream has brought us.
And for my life to come I would not have it otherwise.
The Queen commands a comedy, Will for Twelfth Night.
An excellent beginning (a beat) Let him be...a duke.
Good bye, my love, a thousand times good bye.
Write me well.
My story starts at sea...a perilous voyage to an unknown land...a shipwreck the wild waters roar and heave...the brave vessel is dashed all to pieces, and all the helpless souls within her drowned all save one ... a lady whose soul is greater than the ocean ... and her spirit stronger than the sea's embrace ... not for her watery end, but a new life beginning on a stranger shore It will be a love story ... for she will be my heroine for all time and her name will be ... Viola.
Stay right there.
(beat) The fifth one was so scrawny, it was over before I'd finished the first incision.
That would've been fun.
A picture of Holmes and Watson, holding a goose by its feet and smiling.
We FOLLOW a lady, MRS.
Me nerves are the best they been in years, thanks to you.
Why don't you take Captain Philips and give him a nice cup of tea.
Strong, brave, born to be a man of action.
But what about a perfect stranger?
I don't think that's necessary -- Yes, I doubt -- No, it'd be wonderful.
Well done.
You were engaged.
Holmes lets the wine drip down over him.
The waiter puts them down, Holmes very carefully unfolds his napkin and places it into the top of his shirt, spaghetti style, takes his knife and fork and begins to cut the meat -- then pauses, looks around.
Happy couples eating, laughing, talking.
Early thirties, a look of pure intrigue in her eyes and a slight smile on her lips as she watches the detective.
He turns back to McMurdo, smiles.
Well done.
Thank you.
And as I said, thank you, it was most pleasurable.
As McMurdo braces for combat -- Instantly Holmes unleashes a series of superfast moves, incorporating exotic martial arts.
I thought we'd have a little tea party to cheer us up.
Plus, it's a wonderful opportunity to see you again.
A better word.
She'd love that.
You've had your fun.
He runs down the mews in great haste, stops at the same alley that Irene disappeared into -- but at the other side.
Oh, how nice of you.
Trust me.
Excellent.
It has marvelous grounds and a beautiful folly.
And you, sir, an excellent policeman.
Judging by the sacred Ox on your ring, you're also the secret head of the Temple of the Four Orders -- in whose headquarters we now stand, on the northwest corner of St. James Square.
Be as skeptical as you like -- but our secret systems have steered the world towards the greater good for centuries.
We were young.
I didn't have the courage either to take him in or to -- All this is history.
We've done our best to stop him ourselves, but it's not enough.
His power grows daily and exponentially.
One of the great benefits of my work is that I can pick and choose my clients.
That's better.
Wonderful.
You were uncharacteristically ill at ease in his presence.
Right now, right here is where Holmes is at his very best -- this is, in fact, why he exists.
Superb.
Holmes is happy.
Holmes enters -- Holmes finds a desk with a prayer table, and ancient texts, spellbooks, one book open to a picture of Alexander the Great at the Sphinx.
They are startled by the secret room -- -- they are even more startled by the sight of Holmes kneeling at the altar and singing to himself.
(vis the secret room) I have no idea what to make of that.
(vis the bath salts) Excellent work.
He's an inspiring conversationalist.
No, he's your friend from Reordon's.
Well done.
Holmes leaps up and readies himself to leave.
He looks up, surprised by the rain.
Irene swings sideways violently, still shackled by her right hand.
Irene gives Holmes a sweet, grateful smile -- Thank you so much.
Finally, the truth: Blackwood's manufactured large- scale weapons for years.
And... magical.
Yes, sir, so make it look good.
Thank you, Clarky.
What kind of friend takes a retired soldier, who's served his country and deserves a peaceful, private life, and puts him so directly in harm's -- The best and wisest man I've ever known.
Emotions swirling.
Oh, that solves the great mystery as to how you became inspector.
Don't you see it's for their own good?
The powers at our disposal are far greater than you can imagine.
Both Houses met today.
Irene is also present.
Tanner smiles, still pleased with himself.
He drinks, grimaces, hands it on to Tanner, who swallows it without flinching, wipes his mouth, smiles.
Blackwood follows them.
Irene finally makes it to a floor in the building that is flooded with sky-bright daylight.
PULL BACK and SWEEP INTO a massive, NEAR 360-DEGREE HELICOPTER SHOT that starts with Irene at the (unfinished) window -- -- then shows the skeletal bridge spanned tenuously with scaffolding -- -- then the glory of London, the center of the world, laid out for us in breathtaking, spectacular beauty -- -- and returns to Irene as, recovered somewhat -- she darts onto the walkway scaffolding that crosses above the Thames.
The two men finally part, with Holmes cast off towards the end of the bridge.
Blackwood smiles.
Holmes remains cool.
The secret service has it, sir.
An honor working with you, Doctor.
Watson looks relieved and excited.
Magnificent!
Little pizza and a rainbow party?
Deal?
Hey, a nice girl decides to pleasure me on a weeknight, in her car no less...I'm not gonna make her feel like an untouchable.
So, what do you think...you ready for your crown?
Beaches.
The other half I smile at him.
Friday night.
I'm gonna pass out... Good! (face bright red) I love her, Chet...I love Kate... Let me tell you something.
And it's the truest thing you'll ever hear, from the person who knows you best in the world...you're not good enough for my sister.
Square this! Get out of my house.
I built this thing.
Help!
Great joke.
Please.
And you're right, about being a better guy than me.
Thank you.
Please.
Well, I don't!
I can't say I'm surprised.
Please.
We're gonna rob a bank for 100 grand?
I'm putting my life on the line for 100 grand...what does 100 grand even buy these days?
Look how well trafficked that shopping mall is.
I promise.
Yeah, nice fucking uniform.
Please.
And you'll have a great story to tell everyone.
You trust me?
You got ten seconds to drop your gun and - That was awesome.
Awesome.
We're a good team.
Never comes out this nice when I do it myself.
Thanks, man.
Yeah, I'm ready to talk.
Your great job.
And that blonde bitch with the sexy voice.
You did good.
Growing up.
Those were great bedtime stories.
I kissed her last night.
Give pleasure, before taking pleasure.
Sir? ERIC finally stands up and walks out with the guard and back over to his office.
Are you still alive?
Congratulations.
Monday, last Friday, last Wednesday and Monday.
This is Will Emerson calling... I'm fine, thanks.
Basically the kid dives right into the thing after your little pep talk, nice job by the way, and he seems to have nailed it.
Well why don't we start by introducing everyone then.
So you are a rocket scientist?
Thank you for that.
(smiles) And what's that?
We better get down there.
JOHN TULD (cont'd) Welcome everyone.
Well, that's where it becomes a projection.
(pause) That there are three ways to make a living in this business... Be first, be smarter, or cheat.
I'll pay.
JOHN TULD looks down the lawyer side of the table to a secret service looking guy.
Everyone stands up and begins to scatter.
Always been kinda a grass and tree guy.
Well I agree with you there, I've been saying that for years.
He was worth a billion.
He's alive, he's home.
I'd really prefer that you didn't fight me on this... JOHN TULD (cont'd) We all fucked this one up pretty good... Yes.
He finally stands up and mildly limps his way out the office Sam mildly limps down the hallway into the mens room.
Finally he looks up.
Cohen has done a nice job.
Thank you.
I was an engineer by trade.
Over the life of that one bridge that's 6 billion... 708 million... 240 thousand miles that haven't had to be driven!
Either that or they are going to fight you on everything, the package, the options... WILL EMERSON (cont'd) You're a better man than I. Well that's always been true.
See ya.
The house looks great by the way.
Thanks.
I was in, I was out...Pish posh...And it was beautiful.
Not well... but, he always seemed like a nice person.
He is a nice person.
Thank you.
(quietly) Wow.
SARAH ROBERTSON (cont'd) Thank you.
It better be.
O.K? TULD (cont'd) For God's sake man put a smile on your face, you did some good today, you said so yourself.
Good, I was going to call him this morning... but... Well, I am going to go back in to bed.
(Sam smiles) Well, you take care of yourself.
You think you can come in here with that cute little smirk on your face and try and flirt with me.
Yummy.
He told me he loved me and I believed him.
Well you can relax.
We had a parting of the ways.
Huge sacrifices were made on my part to keep him happy.
Everybody loves me and I intend to keep it that way.
Introduce her to your world of decadence and debauchery.
It's too easy.
Oh yes.
It will be my greatest victory.
Time to add another chapter to my work of art.
(baby talk) It would feel so yummy.
KATHRYN (cont'd) Happy hunting.
It's a beautiful home you have here Mrs. Rosemond.
Thank you, Annette.
That's good, that's good.
Let it flow.
Your playing was beautiful.
Pleased to meet you.
Doctor King is my favorite.
That's great.
This is my favorite part.
(caught off guard) Thank you.
(counts with his fingers) You're smart, you're beautiful, you're determined.
You don't find me cute?
Friends it is.
We're friends.
(beat) Good night.
(moaning) Oh baby... oh baby... Baby? (checks his watch) Right on time.
It's too good to pass up.
On my mother's life.
You told her I never said I love you before?
Enough with the music.
That was beautiful.
Thank you.
He's been sending her love letters that she hides under her doll house.
Thank you.
Tell her you love her.
Be romantic.
Why are you being so good to me?
Because we want to see Cecile happy and we know you make her happy.
Do you think I take great delight when I hear - "Kathryn is so wonderful."
"Kathryn is going to make an excellent wife one day."
Excellent.
He'll love it.
I won three games of backgammon.
I actually feel good about myself.
What? "I actually feel good about myself?"
You're going to tell me that you had a good time with the old lady.
I'm happy you're being honest with me.
Lighten up.
I am lighten.
I'm so proud of you.
I love Ronald.
So? Don't you want to make Ronald a happy pappy?
That's one way of looking at it.
I love you Annette.
Why can't we be together?
Please.
For the first time, yes.
I like it better when I'm on top.
No, you were fine.
CECILE (cont'd) You love her, don't you?
I love Ronald.
Good night Cecile.
Good for you.
You spend all your time preaching about waiting for love.
I'll move on, but you... you're going to have to live with yourself knowing you've turned your back on love.
SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Have a nice life.
Morning! (sarcastic) Morning.
God are you a chump.
(big smile) She left thirty minutes ago.
I love you too.
You're in love with her.
What do you want to be, one of those losers who walk down the halls holding hands and smiling.
He used to be cool, but now he's just another love-struck faggot.
He and his girlfriend at the time were madly in love with each other.
I've heard such nice things about you.
You two have fun.
(smiling) Yeah, me neither.
I love you.
You don't know how to love.
Good night.
Thank you for reading this letter.
The truth of the matter is that being with you was the only time I have ever been happy.
I prided myself on taking joy in others' misery.
Well, it finally backfired.
I succeeded in hurting the first person I loved.
Nothing would make me happier than if you joined me.
Love, Sebastian.
You're a good friend.
(smiles through her pain) -- Why are we here?
She's good.
God, Viktor.
Please.
Those days in New York... that's... it's over.
(rueful smile) -- Well, it's not every day you're fired by the mother of your own child.
If they're good, they get known.
Not quite how I imagined it -- (looking on the bright side) -- You finished the film on your own terms, that's what matters.
I've got "Tough Love 2" playing at ten.
(enigmatic smile) From Valarie.
-- She is magnificent.
-- Congratulations again.
A good way of putting it.
She's a miracle, Dad.
Only her brilliance.
I hear it's great.
(beat) Seriously, I'm happy for you.
A dazzling new ingenue has come from seemingly nowhere to capture the hearts of movie-going audiences across the nation... "SIMONE: A REVELATION -- Dawning Of A New Star In ... in her debut film, "Sunrise, Sunset".
Her wardrobe has inspired a fashion craze.
I LOVE YOU!
If Woodward and Bernstein were alive today, they'd be right here in Hollywood with me.
They are alive, Sayer.
Good.
Welcome to Welcome to (to the screen) Good morning, Simone.
Good morning, Mr. Taransky.
They're paying for it.
(appearing to indulge Viktor with a smile) I am the death of real.
A miracle.
A new era in show business.
And now look what you've started.
And now look what you've started.
And now look what you've started.
Is that better, Mr. Taransky?
(from the screen, an incomparable smile) Hi. (pausing the moment) Let's hear you say "Hi" like Audrey.
You did create me.
Speaking of which -- this is the project I'd like you to do next.
The legendary unproduced script that was too good ever to get made?
You're so beautiful.
Too beautiful.
(she smiles) Do you want to come in?
If the filmmakers are happy, Simone's happy.
Hair and make-up?
(tossing the budget on the coffee table) When do I get to meet this dream?
(smiles) I'll walk you out.
Listen, Viktor...
(sheepish) Thanks for taking me back, Mr. Taransky.
I can't tell you how delighted I am to have this wonderful cast assembled for "Eternity Forever".
(a thought occurs) How will you do our love scenes?
(teardrops arriving on cue) -- What you don't understand, Clyde, is that love is like a wild flower, but that flower only grows on the edge... (dramatic pause) ... of a very high cliff.
(searching for more justification) Anyway, when you're seeking a greater truth -- in the work -- you are not so concerned with the lesser truths along the way.
Come one Simone, take it off, baby!
(not quite able to avert his eyes from her telescopic legs) Thank God for you, Faith.
Do whatever you do to Simone.
Thank you.
You've got a good eye, Lainey.
I'm proud of you.
-- She goes to a major, Hollywood, A-list party and we don't get an interview, a comment, we don't even get a photograph?
Nobody got a photograph.
We've got our best people on it, Mr. Sayer.
But this Simone woman is good.
(getting excited) She's hiding her past.
Scene forty-two of "Good For Nothing".
Elaine... I... So, the secret's finally out, Viktor.
(seeing a new side of Viktor) You're so good to protect her like this.
Thank you, Viktor.
Give her our best.
Thank you.
Yes, you do... (shrug) Anyway, tonight was a good start.
It's a crowded summer.
Good night, Viktor.
I'm most proud of my work in "Eternity Forever".
Of course, being a movie star is wonderful, but I have so many other ways I want to express myself -- "HUMAN:KIND - The POETRY of SIMONE" Nice boat, Taransky.
Er,... good.
That's good.
Excellent.
(gently teasing her) How's your love life?
I love her but that doesn't mean I need to meet her.
Anyhow, she gets more beautiful in my head every day.
I love you, Lainey.
I love you too, daddy.
(kissing him on the forehead) See you.
I'd love to stop somewhere but I'm late.
I want to reassure you, Elaine, there's absolutely nothing going on between Viktor and I. (rueful smile) You don't have to protect my feelings, Simone.
I don't blame Viktor for falling in love with the most desirable woman in the world.
My God, are you alright, Simone?
We have a daughter together.
(joking weakly) I only make love to the camera.
I gave it to Viktor on his birthday.
This is my exit so, I -- I'm glad we talked.
(milking the moment for all it's worth) The winners are... Simone for "Sunrise, Sunset"... (big smile) ... and Simone for "Eternity Forever".
(turning to the screen) But thanks to the miracle of modern technology she is able to join us live via satellite from the location of her new film.
Thank you!
Thank you!
That's sweet, Viktor, but I couldn't let you do that -- make that kind of sacrifice.
Anyone can trip over it, but it's not the finder who sparkles.
I inherited it from a madman -- I can show you -- How much wine have you had? -- She's a figment of my own imagination.
I, Viktor Taransky, have perpetrated the greatest hoax, the greatest sleight-of-hand, sleight-of-mouth, sleight-of- sleight in entertainment history!
No! Whatever talent Simone has comes from me -- me! Me!
I made Simone!
You made Simone?
I've never actually seen Simone up close, touched her, been in her physical presence.
Listen to what you're saying, mom.
Details at the top of the hour.
(relaxing back into his seat) Thank you! (to Lainey) I don't know how you did it but thank you. (putting her arm around him) Don't thank us too fast, Viktor.
(meeting her gaze) That sounds wonderful.
(kissing him on the cheek) Don't look so glum, Viktor.
(smiles coyly) That's true.
Honey, you'd better hurry up.
Haven't I told you I can't stand it when you holler in the morning.
Funny how so many people wanna buy carpet on a Friday night.
Well then, it's a good thing you're not regional manager and I am.
'Bye, honey.
See ya.
Good morning.
Well, I've had it up to my ass with sedate!
Now what are a couple of Kewpie dolls like you doin' in a place like this? Mindin' our own business, why don't you try it.
Well, we left town for the weekend 'cause we wanted to try and have a good time.
Well, you come to the right place.
They got good chili.
(making eye contact with Louise) It's a good thing they're not all as friendly as you.
Is he a funny uncle?
(standing, to Thelma) You better dance with me before you leave, or I'll never forgive you.
That'd be fun.
(eyes closed, swaying with the music) Ready when you are.
(she gets a funny look on her face) I don't feel so good.
(breathing heavily) You're beautiful.
Please.
Thanks.
Louise, honey...
You sound funny.
I am funny.
No, I'm out of town.
That was good.
Thanks.
Tell him you're having a wonderful time and you'll be home tomorrow night.
Darryl... baby... Darryl, calm down now, honey.
But thank you anyway.
Y'all have a nice day.
(to Thelma) You cheer up now!
I love you, honey."
Did you say Peaches?! Why that's the secret word!
What in the world are you doin' here?
Who's your friend?
Thanks for the ride.
I love to watch him go.
(to Thelma) Well, come on, gal, I got you a room.
You can go on in and take a nice cold shower.
You are so sweet to that guy, you really are.
That sounds nice.
(letting him in the door) Oh, yes, well, they can be.
And I'd say, "Alright, ladies and gentlemen, let's see who'll win the prize for keepin' their cool.
Just empty that cash into this bag and you'll have an amazing story to tell all your friends.
And smooth, boy, you are smooth.
I think you are so damn beautiful.
(whispering) I think you're beautiful too.
We'll find a way to get you out of this, whatever it is.
Are you happy, Louise?
I'm happy, sweetie.
Happy as I can be.
Good thing he left when he did.
Yes, baby?
Well, I'm not on drugs.
You could at least be a little bit happy for me.
The best drivers on the road.
(clapping his hands) Oh, happy day.
Oh, great.
I'm so happy.
(pleased) Alright!
She did good!
Well, son, she's doin' a damn sight better 'n you right now.
A friend.
He also says that at that time he met a man.
Other than my life's savings, that is.
(quieter) I mean, I don't think he's gonna be very nice about it.
This is so beautiful.
What's he doin' way out here.
You better drop it right now!
It's good.
At least now I'm havin' fun.
Thank you for savin' my ass.
You know good and damn well what I'm talkin' about.
What? (smiling) We've gone insane.
You're a good friend.
You too, sweetie, the best.
Where?! Way up ahead!
It's the Goddamn Grand Canyon! Isn't it beautiful?!! It's grand!
Now you stay calm here.
That's good.
(sarcastic) Welcome to the world.
Ms. Laufer gave me a star today.
That's great... Little early for cartoons, isn't it?
And, we give you medicine, and you get better.
Can I go to dance tomorrow ?
I'm better... ...if you are, then I'll take Barbara to soccer and take you to dance after...
Thank you for having us...
Good, well ask him if Arabic is his second language.
Over here, please.
Just so I know you know, when I talk to people in confidence, it stays that way.
I honor agreements... Doesn't CBS have confidentiality agreements, Mr. Bergman?
Mr. Bergman... (on screen) "President Assad of Syria said that difficult obstacles remain but that his country, quote, 'looks forward to a great, long peace with Israel.'"
(kissing Mike) It's a Peabody, Mike.
(leaves) Catch ya' later.
Debbie... (to Debbie; finally) I want you to get legal onto CORPORATE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS.
(smiles, after a beat) Now, I know you understood the nature of the confidentiality portion of your severance agreement with Brown & Williamson, Jeff... Chapter and verse.
One of the reasons I was a great salesman, was I never made a promise I couldn't keep.
(a beat) About the direction of research here, we may have had our differences of opinion... "Research..." (smile + scorn) You declare, as a badge of honor, you don't even know what makes water boil... That's why we hire scientists... (interrupts, direct) Okay.
The health and welfare benefits are good.
But he's also a man of science.
My wife was happy.
My kids had good medical.
Good schools.
Got a great house.
(after a beat) Makes you feel good?
Good.
We won't be able to lift usable prints.
When I get a chance, I'll give it a look... (heated) You better take a good look!
Comfortable?
Good to meet you, Dr. Wigand.
Whether you're ready for it or not, week in, week out... Month after month after month.
You attract a crowd.
(smiles, wry) Yeah, great.
(to Mike) Lunch?
(laughter) (mild) Before you go...
I deliver him.
I see the girls a couple of days a week... (concerned) Where you staying now? (sarcastic) Our favorite hotel, honey...
Jack, listen to me.
That's great, Jack.
Hi, baby.
Fine, thank you.
How can I help you?
(quiet) You are important to a lot of people, Jeffrey.
(a rare laugh, his sarcasm) You try and have a good time.
I got perspective.
Hold on... (beat; to Lowell) Yeah, Don's looking for you... Good.
This thing is worth more than you make in a year, you clumsy motherfucker!
Hey Mom.
Great to meet you.
I've been better.
Thanks.
Well, I better get in there.
I love you Grammy.
Just enjoy your life like I did mine and raise a glass to your old Grammy once in a while.
Kirk buddy!
And you were close?
It's Kirk... From the coffee shop.
Holy Frijole.
Oh, you know... Hey, these are my best friends - Jack, Devon and Stainer.
Thank you so much for taking care of them for me!
The place across the street has the best greasy burgers in town.
A burger does sound good.
Good advice there friend.
And for your... brother?
Make that two.
Great.
Then, they asked me to plan the Christmas party.
Pernicious career move, right?
Reese, you'd better...
Oh, great.
This week, we're not taking dating tips from the guy who met his wife in eighth grade.
Cool your jets, buster.
I love Kirky but let's face it, the guy's a three.
You go ahead and pump rainbows up his ass.
He's a nice guy and he's funny.
Okay, here's the deal... Hello?
Congratulations, now I gotta go! Anyway!
I'm proud of you, Kirk.
She left him eighty grand!?
You're a good man, Kirk.
Please.
This is my good friend, Kirk.
Great to meet you, sir.
That's fantastic.
Please.
Judging by the company you're keeping, I'd say that you're making a handsome living.
You're obviously willing to pay for the best but we can't have this kind of thing at my place.
Okay, well, I'd better go then.
Great!
That chick is fine!
I love Pizza Hut.
Oh, don't be that way.
So you were relaxed and funny.
But I got dinner with my folks later.
Fun.
You got to kiss a goddess and you got out before she recalibrated your hardware.
It's better.
Well, I have dinner with my folks tonight... Oh, I wouldn't want to subject you to them... Okay.
It's going to be good.
What do you get for a wedding job?
Funny?
Kirk is funny?
Thanks.
It was really fantastic to meet you Molly.
So, what was the final score?
Look, Eric, you've had a lot to drink tonight and... Don't tell him what to do.
(to Eric) You're doing fine, baby.
Winner!
Well, it's been fun.
Now don't be that way, boy.
(Calling after Debbie) Come on baby!
Good, you got my note.
Good.
The Blue Angel guy? (cracking up) Duuuuude!
It's so nice to meet you, I've heard great things.
Happy Birthday.
It's so nice you came.
It's nice to meet you.
For my birthday?
Thanks.
I'm glad you're here.
You're the better man.
Now, I'll step aside and truly wish you the best of luck.
Good.
I love her.
That's cool that you love her but it's pretty fucked up to be rooting for a harsh deformity.
Fucking happy!
Geeze, I'm glad I caught you.
It's not a whore thing!
You saved me!
The keys are in my jacket!
Listen, Kirk.
Thanks buddy!
No, I need the staff ready to help with bids when the auction begins.
I'm looking forward to it.
Congratulations ma'am and thanks so much.
Our next item... Well, here she is folks, the woman who donates her time to make this amazing event possible, our own Molly McCall!
Thank you.
(audience laughs) Let's start the bidding at one hundred dollars.
Thank you sir.
The vows you have just heard are a unique expression of the love between two souls.
Two souls who have come together this day in holy matrimony.
And by the power vested in me by the great state of Nevada, I now pronounce you husband and wife.
In a press conference held earlier today, NASA officials announced that affordable tourist travel to the surface of the moon will be a reality within the next ten to fifteen years.
The kid looks over to the two men pow- wowing about him.
Rudy smiles and moves on.
Alvarez follows.
Miguel warms up next to him.
Great arm.
Good deal.
Gives you more rotation, more movement.
Alvarez laughs.
Rudy and Alvarez laugh.
I liked my hair more.
I liked it too, Javi.
It's cool though.
It's great.
Wanna join us for dinner?
But give your mom a kiss for me, okay?
Fire it in, baby!
Your girlfriends, sisters and brothers, grandparents.
You wanna succeed, you gotta be like a racehorse, focused on your goal.
Berroa, see Alvarez when you're dressed.
`Look! There's a plane... Right THERE!' Hey, Sugar!
Good for you.
Congratulations.
How much they offer you? (with a big smile) 115,000.
Well it's like this... it started cause I'm sweet with the ladies.
I'm proud of you, sis.
You're going to do great things too.
You boys ready?
The greatest thing about the States?
You can order breakfast 24/7.
French toast is the best.
A55 ON THE FIELD, Miguel, Marcos, and Jorge stretch out on the A55 grass.
Jorge stands up, exchanges hugs with Orlando and Ed as they continue their debate over which Latin country has the best players.
They all smile, stop razzing each other momentarily to meet the new players.
You've gotta show us your best game here.
Stu Sutton smiles at Miguel.
Welcome to America, kid.
Sofia laughs.
So, do you like it there?
(smiling proud) You're welcome.
Congratulations.
The Higgins are good people.
Good to see you back in Bridgetown!
Thank you.
Nice boy.
Oh, that's being generous!
You can make a list of special foods you like to eat and put it here.
Oh, and over here, this drawer is a little funny.
Your new cuarto.
Do with it as you please.
It's our job to keep you healthy and focused on baseball.
Helen brings a large glass of lemonade to Miguel gently swaying on the porch swing.
Thank you.
The low sun casts a dreamy Days of Heaven glow over the image.
Everyone is so proud, Miguelito.
Good.
And Victor?
(smiling) Go for it, bro.
Good game.
Everyone laughs, as Jorge eyes TWO WOMEN on the dance floor.
Jorge whispers in one of the girls' ears and the two of them begin dancing with him and Miguel.
A few clubbers in the immediate vicinity stop dancing, observe.
A smile.
It's gonna be super chill.
Hip-hop BLASTS from a stereo, competing with an old DUKES OF HAZARD rerun on the TV.
Hailing all the way from the Dominican Republic, Santos wowed the club with his power during Spring Training.
Relax, Sugar.
What are your favorite movies?
He finishes up a birthday card to his sister Erica, encloses it in a padded envelope along with the wooden etching he carved earlier - a pendant with a cornstalk design.
Nice play, kid.
Please.
Brad smiles.
Oh, Miguel, honey.
Miguel walks down a path in the middle of the Higgins' corn field.
Miguel walks in without crutches, looking healthy.
Miguel smiles, bittersweet, when a familiar VOICE calls out... Yo! Sugar!
They hug.
Great, you guys know each other.
Good to see you, too, Sugar.
Stu signals for Salvador to come in, and we follow Miguel off the field to scattered applause.
Salvador warms up, looking a little freaked.
Well, thank you, Miguel.
After a beat... Thank you, Helen.
Helen smiles, pats Miguel on the back.
When he's done, he looks across the aisle, where an OLD LADY is staring at him.
He shoots her a cautious smile.
From the New Jersey turnpike, Miguel sees the approaching Manhattan skyline in the early morning light.
Miguel smiles.
As Miguel strolls through the underground hallway that connects the various Times Square subway lines, he sees... --a TEAM OF BREAKDANCERS performing for tips.
He smiles when he finds... ...El Restaurante Caribe.
Miguel takes a seat at the counter, smiles to the waitress, REYNA (cute, 20-something, Dominican).
With his duffel on his lap, Miguel sits on a bench overlooking a a community baseball field, where local KIDS play for fun.
He stares off blankly, preoccupied with other things.
My family's in the Dominican.
After a beat, he closes the book, listens.
No. It's a gift for my mom.
Who taught you to make tables?
The whole world plays baseball.
Miguel laughs.
Osvaldo smiles, finally warming up.
Miguel finishes work on his table for the night, covers it with a blanket, and proceeds to sweep up.
Caught off guard, Miguel smiles awkwardly, turns away.
She smiles, keeps folding.
Jose Canseco!? That's the best you can do?
Miguel smiles, shrugs.
As Miguel slips past Reyna on his way to the kitchen, they exchange flirtatious smiles.
Miguel, Reyna, Jorge, and his girlfriend, MONICA, drink beers, enjoying the party.
Miguel grins wide, having a great time.
Miguel and Reyna eat together, smiling.
Osvaldo helps Miguel work on his coffee table.
Okay, good.
But that's not why he's my favorite player... Back when he first arrived, 1951, 52, he was playing in the minors.
Little Rock, Arkansas.
Thank you.
She's good.
Carmen laughs.
Give everyone a hug for me.
I love you.
I love you, too.
The mood is festive.
Merengue MUSIC blasts from a portable stereo in the stands.
Gee, how exciting.
Besides, the money is good and some of the guys are cute.
The idea of doing it in my sister's bed gives me a perverse thrill.
Beautiful, popular, Ann Bishop Millaney.
Can I meet this friend of yours?
(smiles) Oh.
Are you close?
I was grilling Ann about your marriage this afternoon.
(smiles) Really.
Graham and I were talking about apartments and I told him to check the Garden District, there are some nice little places there, garage apartments and stuff.
Well, see, right now I have this one key, and I really like that.
(smiles at Graham) Do you pay taxes?
Right, right.
I remember reading somewhere that men learn to love what they're attracted to, whereas women become more and more attracted to the person they love.
What visitor?
For her fiftieth birthday?
It s her fiftieth birthday-- Will you stop?
Good.
(smiles) I thought that's what I did.
(smiles) She must have been in a good mood when she said that.
(smiles) I think you're right.
(smiles) Spooked.
So when did you finally get to see a penis?
He said that my hand felt good.
It's great.
It's a sun dress.
Well, why would she want a sun dress?
Yeah, and when I do, I won't be wearing sun dresses.
Nice dress.
Wanna hear my Walter Matthau? You'll love this.
So what's my share of the dress?
Look, don't worry about the dress, I'm sure she'll love it.
I had a late lunch.
Are you having an affair?
I love Ann.
I'm not kidding, Graham, you'd better do what I say.
They belong to me!! Give me your keys.
Goddam right.
(on tape) When we're making love?
(on tape) Did the person you made love with satisfy you more than your husband?
No, it was wonderful.
I loved her for how good she made me feel, and I hated her for how good she made me feel.
It's amazing what you can get used to if enough time goes by.
Are you happy?
Like he's a carpenter, and he makes really good tables.
If you were in love with me, would you?
So why won't you make love with me?
I want you to turn that camera off and make love with me.
(has to laugh) Whoa!! I'm so glad we got that on tape!!
Okay, in a minute, I'm on with a client.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Nice plant.
Do me a favor.
I have better things to do than teach introductory Physics Rosomorf.
Help me!
Rise!
(with a student's ear) That sounds like a scenario for the end of the world.
You don't get nicknamed Flash because you're a rocket scientist, Liz.
Well... nice meeting you, Kim.
(turns with a smile) Now you take the Planetary Conjunction.
This Saturday night we will witness Saturn, Jupiter, the Moon, the Earth, the Sun... all in a row.
This is a daily newspaper.
Tomorrow... Ha... Tomorrow you can have this room... Oh... well Thorkel... few more hours won't make a difference.
Funny.
(soft and warm) Yeah... Babe Ruth you wasn't.
Liz? She's great...
Peter, any girl that's worth your attention is of course gonna have a boyfriend...
Good evening.
Well, Professor, that would be a great honor, but I'm already working with... Rosomorf... that imbecile.
Parker, we can be rich together!
Well, I ain't laughing.
(not a clue) Well...
You invest half of that with me and I'll make you a star.
Same place, same time.
Well, no, I mean yeah I'm fine, but listen... Aunti, the craziest thing happened to me tonight.
Okay, Peter go back to bed, and remember we love you.
Read out parameters in progress.
I wish I had it for the Halloween party... it's quite sexy.
One...! Get up...! Get up...! Two...! (whispers to himself) Wow... Ladies and Gentlemen, history is made today, we have here the first man to win a thousand dollars against the mighty Crusher.
I love wrestling.
Hey, we better rush... visiting hours will be over soon.
You have visitors.
Bigger, better, hotter!
A world class, super cyclotron!
Fantastic!
There was this new wrestler... beat the mighty Crusher.
I love it!
You are the best wrestler I have ever seen... please don't hurt me!
Cash! Doesn't he look amazing in that one?
He is a joke in a Halloween costume... don't make me laugh.
His pretty blue eyes give him away... Anyway, who'll be sitting with you at the Halloween Ball? (whispers to Flash) I wanna dance... Hey, Spider-Man... Shall we Flash dance?
Take her now, it's easy... Wanna dance, Schechrezaa?
(to Liz) Will you grant me this dance...? Hey, Flash-Man... Wanna dance...? Well, why not.
Thank you, thank you.
We have a special surprise guest tonight.
The "Slammy" winning star of MTV'S wrestling tournament...
Mice... Hey!
Your uncle's a brave man.
You ought to be proud of him.
If we blast our way in, it's gonna go up like a roman candle.
(chatty) He's a nice boy.
You know, you're a fascinating young lady... Thank you... You're so refreshing.
I'm a good friend of Peter Parker's Ock.
I'm rescuing you.
Thanks but nooooooooooo!
I like the way you say Spidey... Nobody calls me Spidey... now we go... (Tavern on the Green) Wow... look, this is our dormitory.
Liz, listen to me.
No. What a night, huh? (laughs) Yeah, that was some ride home... must have been pretty exciting.
We are new inserting Peter Parker's data on tonight's Planetary Conjunction.
I went to the wrestling, wanted to see that Amazing Spider-Man, but he didn't show up.
I need pictures of your friend, the Amazing Spider-Man.
Go! Hello, everybody... Okay, everyone, stand back and stay cool.
Have a nice evening, Ma'am... and you too, Henry.
Can you help me?
I never thought I'd be happy to see you.
Bingo.
Okey, dokey... Open that now, and you'll spoil Christmas.
Easy does it.
I need to get some of these drums to my laboratory... help me... and I'll give you special grades.
It's brilliant, Otto.
Help me with these drums, I need to get them to my laboratory immediately.
Listen, Harry.
What are we going to do? Okey, dokey... have fun, young ones... for the last time.
A new world waits!
History is being made... Spider-Man, Rosomorf cheer up friends... we're on our way to the unknown cosmos... we three are about to visit heaven... real Gods heaven.
Wow...! Peter!
The new way!
You are a scientist for heaven sake... don't you want to know what's up there?
My Spider-Man... Come join me on my fantastic voyage to the 7th heaven.
Life in its present form is ending... new dimensions, new horizons... (bracing against the storm) What is happening?
This is my life's work.
I promise.
But I will succeed.
Good morning, Simon!
Thanks.
Excellent!
I promise.
You look young.
Young.
It made Gnoc sing.
Thank you, but that's OK.
What I'm trying to achieve, it's... Well, it takes a lifetime really.
It's a life's work.
See ya.
I'm writing a poem.
A great poet!
Get a life!
Help you with what?
Please.
You see, Simon, it's important my 'Confession' dig up the past, comb previous evidence and help chart the historic -- even the aesthetic -- inevitability of my ideas.
I make girls uncomfortable.
Does she know how beautiful she is?
But tenderly.
You are a miracle to me.
Seven years for one afternoon of blissful transgression.
Simon! (startled) Thank you.
The county agrees with the Church and considers the poem emblematic of modern society's moral disintegration.
Mom, this is Edna.
Edna, Mom.
(reading) Dear Mr Grim, we here at the magazine consider ourselves and the publication open-minded and cutting edge and have consistently printed the work of the most brilliant and farseeing young talent of the day.
God, Simon.
Can you sit there, look me straight in the eye, and tell me you don't think this poem is great?
That it is not at once a work of great lyrical beauty and ethical depth?
That it is not a genuine, highly individual, and profound meditation on the miracle of existence?
Well, it's been a long time.
But he's your friend, right?
The guy's in a dream world!
If he's such a great big fat genius, why doesn't he write books?
He's written a book.
See ya.
He's adorable.
Thank you.
Get him a coffee, Laura.
Steve, do you drink coffee?
(off) Angus, listen to me!
In the infinite amplitude of his love, God wants to create the largest number of best elements that can exist together in one cosmos... OK.
In an instantaneous calculation made in eternity, God computes the best possible world and creates it.
Goodnight, Laura.
Business is good.
The kids, they hang out all day and drink coffee, talk about art and read poetry.
My credit's good.
He's a good man, Henry.
Thanks.
I love him.
Herbal tea.
But tenderly.
He'll thank you for it later.
There's this fascinating story about a famous rock band and how they tied a friend of theirs to a bed in their hotel room and inserted a live fish into her vagina.
That coffee is free.
He came by this afternoon.
Bless, O Lord, this ring, that he who gives it and she who wears it may abide in your peace and continue in your favor until their life's end.
Whom God has joined, let no man separate.
I'm willing to negotiate, Simon.
It's growing on me.
So it's a good deal?
Time to finish my 'Confession'!
This is how great men topple, Simon.
Their hearts are in the right place too much of the time!
Angus James is convinced my poem is going to make him incredibly wealthy.
You saved my life.
The all too obviously talented new man, the important new voice, the early clue to a new direction, or whatever, etc., etc., etc! A popular new trend conveniently packaged for the distracted young herd!
Do what you're good at.
How you doin', sweetie?
That'll teach ya.
Henry, don't come home tonight!
A Nobel Prize.
You better sleep in my office tonight, Henry.
You've gotta let her cool off.
Mom, can I be a mailman when I grow up?
I love you, Fay.
Congratulations on the Nobel Prize.
Thanks.
It changed my life.
Yo, birthday bee-ach!
(doing her best Donna Reed) Oh, Mom, this is the best birthday ever!
Ahh...The joys of the American educational system.
(nervously excited) Hey, Mini, how you doin'?
She was gonna do it, too, at least that what's she told me when she was feeling particularly loving.
It was a win-win...
He didn't want kids, but needed a ready-made family to help project an image of stability for his corporate outings...We finally got out of Reseda...
It was great for about a year... Then he figured out what he had married...by then it was too late.
Bingo.
She was in one of her "happy moods", so I doubt she'll be sleeping here... Oh. (innocently) If you were thinking of inviting a guest over.
As I said, the rule of firsts guides my life.
My first woman and my first cop?...It would've been perfect if she hadn't wanted to cuddle afterwards.
Thass nice... God, what's gotten into her?
The deluxe.
It reminded me of when I was young and brought guys home after school.
Well, I assume he's gone out, so I've invited Ricardo over for a...cocktail.
Looking back, that may have been the moment we fell in love.
Mom thought it was cute how we had suddenly grown so close, and thought it was wonderful how Martin had taken an interest in my education.
Now that we were spending time together, I actually started to find out what Martin was like for the first time.
Good...
It would be for her own good.
You did it for the well being of your daughter.
It will be a much better life for her.
I awoke the next morning, as excited as I could remember.
Coming, honey.
You were very excited, saying you were going to have the most wonderful party and invite everyone you knew and it had to be just perfect.
What?! Well, it was after lunch and you had washed your pain killers down with some wine.
(wincing) Mom, you did.
Listen, we'll pay, don't worry.
The school nurse, a regimented Kraut lush named Helga Hauptfuhrer, or "der Fuhrer" as she was affectionately known, starts jonesing for her afternoon nip... ...exactly 45 minutes after lunch each day.
Thank god for the quack who invented ADD and the lazy parents willing to let "Der Fuhrer" keep their kids comfortably numb on what basically amounts to legalized speed.
You're welcome.
The first time in my life she calls me "sweetie" and I've just slipped her the mother of all Mickeys.
I was once on an episode of Love Boat, playing the role of "Bikini Girl" and my line was "I'll have another," it was with "Isaac" at the pool bar.
Listen, great job, but you need to give me more warning.
Wanna have a little fun?
She looks up Our work finished...
Diane, honey, we brought you a pulled pork plate!
Mini-- Don't "Mini" me, you've been bankrolling my little project from day one.
And so we passed the time watching my favorite show.
Take happy couples about to marry and try to break them up.
The catch is the couples are always sent on dates with people just a little better looking than their fiances.
(a little flustered) Is, is that important?
(exhaling) Good.
artin tips the BELL HOP on the way out and the moment the Martin agreed and let me pick the place.
Now this is rich.
Well, when's he coming over?
Listen, I'll be home early so we can get the story straight.
oh...sacrifice personal happiness for the benefit of the child.
Excellent.
(standing) Thanks again for your time.
Nice use of the word "us", by the way.
Look, just chill, I'm sure this will blow over in a few days.
My god, you haven't.
Congratulations... (sniffling) you're my first.
And I'd like to thank the academy and god and, oh yeah, "Free Tibet".
Morning, Lois.
That's when things started to get interesting.
Thank you, Lois.
Oh, god, it's my favorite.
Much to my surprise, I was invited to stay for a refreshing beverage...
(singing) "The candy man can 'cause he mixes it with love and makes the world taste good..." The photos stopped coming and although Martin was freaking out about his business, things were returning to normal.
Then things got interesting again.
Good.
Oh, gosh, well she suggested we go to a dance club she knew.
So, Mini, is Jason a good dancer?
He put on some soft music and- No! This isn't true, why are you- We started kissing and- Jason! (to Mini) Shut up!
(to the host) He loves to be called "Jay-Jay".
You, you... Let me tell you, Becky, you're in for a wild ride from this Bronco.
Believe me, she'll thank me after their wedding night.
Yeah, I thought it would be fun.
It shows amazing restraint to limit yourself to just one stepdaughter!
Let me tell you, I have girls audition all the time for me and... (enjoying this) She was fucking incredible.
Like a duck to water...and totally willing to take direction.
"Hey, baby, what's your hurry?
You thought you could have my wife and my daughter too?! "`Cause nice and easy does it, nice and easy does it..." Sorry, pal, she's mine!
Drop the club and put your hands up! Thank God! Thank God, you came!
The outpouring of support was amazing.
(excited) You'll never guess what happened.
But don't you have to be- The best student?
While I may not have excelled in the classroom, I think my recent experiences in that bigger schoolhouse we call "life", have taught me a few lessons that I'd like to share with my fellow graduates.
But as you listen to it, don't forget your family, your parents.
Don't forget they're people too, and while we may not always agree with them, remember to love them when they need love.
Like I promised, no prom night highjinks, no nerds becoming popular, no Shakespeare shoved up your ass.
Winning the war by yourself.
Beer, with ice and water.
That's good gin.
But what is unusual is that we began to find Rhade refugees too -- in the same sampans as the M'Nongs.
You want me to clean it up -- simple and quiet.
I met the P.B.R. crew; they were pretty much all kids, except for Phillips, the Chief -- Gunner's Mate Third Class L. Johnson -- Lance Johnson; Gunner's Mate Third Class J. Hicks -- The Chef -- Radio Operator Second Class T. Miller; they called him Mr. Clean.
Lieutenant Kurtz has shown a dedicated and well-disciplined spirit.
He is a fine officer, combining military efficiency -- with a broad background in the Humanities, the Arts and Sciences ... (continuing) ...
He views his military career as the dedication of his talents to bringing our values and way of life to those darker, less fortunate areas in the world.
Yeah -- fishing village -- helicopters over there.
First Air Cavalry.
Can you trust them?
Is Kurtz still alive?
Why the hell didn't you tell me about that place -- a good left.
Who else? (on radio) Very good, Hell's Angels -- suggest you follow with cannon fire.
Through the roof; yeah, that's good.
I'll surf this place.
(continuing) We'll have this place cleaned up and ready for us in a jiffy, boy.
Napalm, boy -- nothing else in the world smells like that -- (continuing; nostalgically) I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
Yeah... thanks.
Can I go get those mangos now?
But all this is just technique.. There's a feeling you get after a while, that's what's important.
-- must remember that we owe our thanks for these to the wonderful services of the U.S.O.
-- here's another oldie -- this one dedicated... ... to the fire team at An Khe from their groovy C.O. Fred the Head -- The Rolling Stones and "Satisfaction..." Outa sight.
Jeff came home with a black eye on Tuesday but said he won anyway.
I love you and I just can't stand it.
All right I got a little surprise for you -- (continuing) I've arranged with those people we saw at Hau Fat to give us some 50 caliber in trade for a couple a drums of fuel -- No shit.
I'm next -- Ma'am -- I'd like to thank you for what you an' all your friends have done for us -- I want you to know that me an' the men appreciate you coming all this way -- riskin' your lives -- living uncomfortably an' doing all you can to entertain us.
(continuing) Every night we build it and by 0800 they've blown it up -- it and a lot of good men -- But the generals like to say the road is open -- ha !
(yelling) All right -- Lance, go with the Captain an' see what you can scrounge -- (continuing; to Willard) Better make it fast, sir -- we don't really need much anyway.
The whole world loves a smart ass.
Oh yeah -- listen.
(continuing) It's to everyone I really knew -- the first girl I screwed -- my brother -- best friend -- I wanted to tell 'em how much I enjoyed knowing 'em -- it's been a great twenty years.
What're you askin' me for -- put 'em in the first helicopter comes in tomorrow.
(back at the helm) Elevate Lance, in the tree.
Bring that bow ordnance into those trees.
(smiles) Now -- I assume you want to rest, to shower.
This is much better.
Magnificent.
This food is wonderful !
(smiling and taking Willard's hand) Yes, they come from the sky.
But we civilized it.
No, everything I love is here.
The river is beautiful.
I will fix you breakfast.
Your daughter.
Rocks, sand -- those two men who deserted.
Yeah -- like keep out -- Toward the night of the fifth day out of Do Lung Bridge, we judged ourselves about eight miles from Kurtz' base.
I hid it in the jungle; the wealth of the Orient: Marijuana -- Hashish -- Opium -- cocaine -- uncut Heroin; the Gold of the Golden Triangle.
Of love, too.
Love?
Oh, no, not what you think... Cosmic love.
Exciting work.
God bless Dow !
Wow...Colby.
I was on threshold of great things.
And you admired him?
You were his friend...
I'll be fine Mother.
RICHARD TAUPIN, clad in a well-cut business suit, looks exactly like Conor.
His partner runs up, shotgun in hand.
(looks up in Moran's direction) Didn't think it was my buddy over there.
Do you make a habit of hanging out in that neigh- borhood at night?
Let's just say that in my years with this department I've seen more than one well dressed business man look for a hand job on 14th Street.
Ah Steven, it is good to see you.
It's been a miracle it has.
Not a week ago your father gave us his blessing.
Besides, I'm cute.
No thank you, I'm fine.
Most all the babies I delivered were from local families.
I did it right here at the house.
Thanks.
And the guys rich.
Look, I don't know what the hell you're up to, but I think I've got a pretty good idea.
I strongly suggest you return to Washington and stay out of small town cemetaries.
I have friends.
(o.s.) Good afternoon, "Mr.
Friend of yours?
We are brothers.
(singing) Happy birthday to you, happy birth- day to you, happy birthday dear Brenna, happy birthday to you.
Hi Brenna, it's mom.
Me and your neices just wanted to call and wish you a happy birthday.
Will you be home for Easter?
Love you.
In this I can help.
We are brothers.
I love zoos.
We used to shoot pool together in Rangoon.
Tasting and enjoying life is the only thing of value we have.
Here my boy, from vineyards as sweet and smooth as a young girl's thigh.
You have a gift.
And what is this great gift that cannot be seen or smelt?
The Fabric of life.
Enough sword play for an afternoon.
To feel it, to know it, is to be in touch with the will of every living thing.
For it gives you great strength.
The strength of _knowledge_.
And you will be good, I can feel that.
You better have a warrant.
Wonderful.
Equals?
I was once young.
I can help.
Help?
I've seen others "help".
(smiles) Our common heritage.
(rises) I look forward to the day we meet again.
Good night, Major.
Kiss me.
Conor shoots a glance for the mother, then kisses Katherine softly.
You best leave, son.
The ones he meets in the town square.
Please.
I love you.
An auditorium has been transformed with colored lights and strung paper into a small town party.
Mr. North, comically dressed as a pirate, greets them.
The rock band gives ground to a group of older MUSICIANS.
He kisses her.
Looks good though.
They're closed.
The shriek of trees.
The inheritance.
It is the gift and the under- standing of life.
The gift is the finality of life.
(turns to Brenna) I love you Brenna.
Nothing but a moment.
But a moment of love, is that not worth a lifetime?
Pull! Oww! (mockingly) Mr. Khan said they called you brave.
I am convinced the holy men are right.
The simpler your life the better.
If you enjoy it a great deal you must fast for two days.
Well, they'll find we're a little better prepared this time.
I've come from India -- I've read a great deal about you.
(He looks at Gandhi, then smiles awkwardly.)
(And now he smiles.)
Good morning.
But we've all come to the same conclusion -- our Gita, the Muslim's Koran or your Bible -- it's always the simple things that catch your breath -- "Love thy neighbor as thyself" -- (He smiles, thinking back at the youths.)
That's the sort of thing you'll be seeking on this "farm"... (a smile) Well, we shall try.
(A teasing smile.)
And what should an "important professional" write about your response to General Smuts's new legislation?
Well, it's quite a place, your "ashram" -- is that right?
(a coarse singing) God save our gracious King... Long live our (the audience takes it up) ...noble King.
I don't think that is very good.
The horses have more mercy than the men.
In our own sweet time, in our own sweet way -- we'll get them.
Well, that's one victory.
Thank you.
(a bit surprised) Good.
Good.
You're an extraordinary man.
You yourself are free from this moment.
(a smile) I have much to learn about India.
Out there in the fields -- and in our hearts.
I agree with Jinnah.
And the air is lovely.
Now is when it is best to be Hindu!
(politely) Your journal has made a great impact.
Well, there'd better not be.
(A smile.)
But I thank God we all don't.
I'm sure your legs are quite as handsome as mine.
You have been ordered out of the province on the grounds of disturbing the peace.
(A smile.)
(They only smile.)
(To Gandhi) They are calling you Mahatma -- the Great Soul.
You too... (a real smile, but the same affection) It seems less formal than "Mahatma."
(It chills, stiffens; Gandhi proceeds only an iota softer) Despite the best intentions of the best of you, you must, in the nature of things, humiliate us to control us.
Until you yourself see the wisdom of leaving... your Excellency.
But you've been with him so long -- why? ...I'd come to believe I would never meet a truly honest man.
Sardar... What you've done is a miracle.
Good.
Let the others march for a time.
Long live Gandhi!" (screaming) Help! Help us! Hey -- That's one bit of news they haven't censored.
(disgustedly) God!
(the paternal smile) And then -- try to do it His way.
(A laugh.)
(a step) "Take a fourth step, that we may be ever full of joy." (a step) "I will ever live devoted to you, speaking words of love and praying for your happiness."
"You are my best friend... my highest guru, and my sovereign lord."
(Solemnly) We were both thirteen... It's beautiful.
A great deal.
(He smiles in self- mockery, and turns toward the city.)
The temple where you were yesterday is of my family's sect, the Pranami.
(smiles confidently) Wait and see... wait and see... (of the press) You've done me a great service.
(a grin, then a play on Gandhi's words to him) It would have been uncivil of me to have let you make such a long trip for nothing.
I am glad to speak to America where so many friends exist that I know only in my heart.
If we are to make progress we must not repeat history, but make history.
(A smile.)
(a beat -- and she smiles) You're the only man I know who makes his own clothes.
Ah, but for me that's not much of an accomplishment.
Jinnah has -- what? (at first disconcerted, but then flowing) Jinnah has -- has cooperated with the British.
It can come from work, and pride in what you do.
(And now a little smile.)
(He looks at her, then smiles in his own ironic way.)
I am staying with the friend of a friend.
Because forgiveness is the gift of the brave.
(He touches her wrinkled hand.)
We will go -- Friday.
I'm glad -- but it will not be enough.
Each night before I sleep, I read a few words from the Gita and the Koran, and the Bible... (we intercut with Bourke-White and those on the roof watching) tonight I ask you to share these thoughts of God with me.
(the books are there, but he does it from memory of course) I will begin with the Bible where the words of the Lord are, "Love thy neighbor as thyself"... and then our beloved Gita which says, "The world is a garment worn by God, thy neighbor is in truth thyself"... and finally the Holy Koran, "We shall remove all hatred from our hearts and recline on couches face to face, a band of brothers."
It is our promise.
It is a promise.
God bless you... Yes, sir, yes, sir, (He holds up his hand to the senior officer) "Wait."
What are you laughing at?
Now, all that's left is for me to enjoy life . . .
I was thinking of developing a story inspired by Arthur Miller's son... (Perplexed) The writer who married Marilyn?
The son was very proud to finally be sharing something with his father.
Then the stranger let go of him and told him: "I am your son, Daniel, and I am very proud of you, Father!"
There aren't those many good men that one can write about.
It's a beautiful story.
It's still warm.
Financier, of Chilean origin, who achieved great success and notoriety due to his involvement in the financing of crucial public infrastructures in different Latin American countries.
Things are in full swing.
We've been through a hellish night.
(Delighted) Good morning, Lena.
(Thinking) The best digestive surgeon in Europe is at the Clinica de la Luz.
I'll meet you at the Clinica de la Luz in an hour... (Plainly, but grateful) Thank you very much.
(With good manners, but authoritarian) Will you be able to save him?
Well, here... I don't know... Give him the best blood you've got!
I'll stay here, Mom.
It's your first film?
I made a documentary (naive) ... a very good one, eighteen years ago, this would be my first fiction film.
I love your work, I know it from the start.
Thank you.
He is a broker, of the generation of speculators that made quick, high-profit gains in the 80s; he amassed a great fortune during the oil crisis.
(On the phone) That their father is a homosexual (he gazes at his handsome boyfriend) and that he has very good taste.
If they love me and you don't set them against me, they will accept it.
Harry manages perfectly on his own and right now we are not writing anything.
I was thinking that "Donate Blood" is a good title for a movie... Yes.
It has a good ring.
But Diego is a very healthy boy... Barring any complications, he will recover in six to twelve hours.
When I was young, before I got into making movies, I was very good at telling stories.
In an office we had rented in preparation for my new film, about fourteen years ago.
Too beautiful to be funny.
(Smiles) Really?
She is Ernesto Martel's lover, the tycoon.
I can come whatever day is convenient.
The first meeting and the reading we did only served to make me realize that woman's very presence perturbed me.
(Smiles) Well, yes, especially if you're a girl.
Get dressed again, do your hair again.
At the end of the week, sure, but I'm happy...
We rehearse on weekends.
(Without losing her cool) That's how one makes a movie!
Thanks.
(Smiles, like a champ) Six? (Also smiles) Ten.
They are gifts from Mr. Ivan and I tossed them out.
But this is not Naples, nor is today New Year's Eve...
Well, you tell him that I am a grown-up now, and free, and that I've forbidden you to follow me.
It would do you good.
The yoga is doing you good, isn't it?
A deal?
Yes... Well, what are you waiting for!
And a kiss!
You fell in love?
And he made sure that my parents could return to their home town and that they lacked nothing... (Lovingly) Pardon me, I have no right to ask you about that time in your life.
I think I fell in love with the way you looked at me.
I will be better off here.
It caught me by surprise, in that of leaving me alive.
She was very thankful to Ernesto for having taken care of everything... That's it?
I can't... I'll wait for you on the beach.
At the end he says this is my new number, a number's written down.
We married twelve years ago.
She's coming to celebrate your birthday, with us... It's my birthday?
Happy birthday!
I'm going to buy a present for Mateo.
Yes! Happy Birthday!
Thank you for looking after Diego...
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday!
Joy! Joy! (to Judit) Bring your ear to me so that I can sprinkle some wine behind it.
This is my birthday gift, Mateo.
(To Diego) The gift is also for you, Diego.
Good night.
Thank you.
I am specializing in breakfasts.
Now it's time for breakfast.
In a love affair?
Yes... We were just getting started in film, and we are still at it, but our love affair ended, at least on his side...
A kiss?
It was an ordinary kiss, just one more of the many kisses a couple gives each other, almost without thinking... (Pensive) The last kiss... Yes.
(She opens, not the least bit welcoming.)
She pushed me down the stairs... Well, we're in good shape!
I will make some coffee, I have spent my entire night looking for Ivan and I haven't gone to bed.
(Scolds her.) Pina, my God!
Look, the goose-bumps!
This is hilarious!
It's wonderful, Mateo.
The important thing is to finish it.
Ha ha, course you make a lot more.
You're sweet.
The new girl is here.
Wonderful.
She talks a great deal and smiles a lot.
She's very pretty, she has a real good figure.
And as you can see he's beautiful.
Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it.
Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child.
All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother.
(staring fiercely at Rose) Well, well, well.
Well, Rosebud, now you are here, darling, and I swear to God graceful as the capital letter S.
You will adorn our house, Rosebud, you will give a glow and a shine to these old walls.
You will eat your meals with us, you will share life itself with us -- in love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in love and harmony.
We welcome you to our home, Rosebud, we all welcome you from the heart and hope you are happy here.
Your Daddy is a wonderful man, I'll say that.
He's the best and most kind-hearted man in the world.
All right, what do you know? Rose is madly in love with Daddy... (pauses, then solemnly) Well, don't tell Mother.
(in a good humor) Rosebaby Blossom, these are the most delicious candied yams I ever ate!
And this fried chicken is fit for a king.
What is the secret of your art, Plum Blossom, huh? (blushing, smiling) Oh, I don't know, I... I... Rosebird Baby, you are the light of my life, darlin'.
Rose does have a gift for cooking.
I think she's gonna kiss him.
Oh, oh! Oh, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much!
Please kiss me -- will you kiss me? (finally clears his throat) Ahh-hem!
Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr. Hillyer!
Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you crazy girl.
You don't understand, I love you!
It's real love and I can't help it!
Please kiss me, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much... (in a shaken voice) All right, all right.
(happy, peeping through crack) Boy! Wow! Wow! Brrrother!
Buddy, this is amazing, you wouldn't believe it.
What are they doing, Doll? (staring, enthralled) He kissed her.
(happily, enjoying it) He had his hand on her titty.
The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it!
Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it?
You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'.
And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?
She's so sweet, she's been so good to me... Do you know what a friend you have got there?
Is this any way to repay her trust and love?
Thank you, Rose.
You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you.
You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more.
'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves.
Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back.
(softens despite herself) Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me.
Please, Rose, be a good sport.
It's a great life if you don't weaken.
Ohhh-hh! (it's all over; she twists sideways, puts both arms around him) Oh, Buddy, you're so sweet.
I love you a lot.
(a trifle too piously) Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a soul.
(sweetly) Good night, Rose.
Well, good night.
Good night.
Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life.
(smiles affectionately at Mother) You're so sweet.
(glances at Rose as she comes with coffee) And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride.
(happy, pleased by his interest) Well, it has buttons.
She will succeed.
He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children.
(adds dryly) She loves everybody.
But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality.
(stares pensively at her) You are the one who's good-hearted.
She loves you so much.
(sullenly) Well, I got to see her.
Be a nice boy and go home.
That sulky boy was here again this afternoon.
First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away.
(finally, in a small voice) Well, it isn't Rose's fault boys and men like her.
(listening) Chattanooga.
(softly strumming fingers, finally) Strange voices, Rose? (innocent as an angel) Yes, sir.
I respect your philosophy.
We have growing children in this house.
Come on, son, Shadrach can run the hotel.
Well, she's your girl, Mr. Hillyer.
(a feeble smile) I didn't mean to bite him, I really didn't.
But she doesn't mean any harm and it'll break the children's hearts, they all love her.
Morals don't mean a thing to her, not a thing, and we can't have a girl like that in this house.
Who is to say our morals are better than hers?
And in her heart Rose has never hurt anyone and she never would.
Why do you think those boys and men like her? Well, I have a pretty good idea.
Rose likes those boys and men, she has love in her heart, and that is what they want.
It's the most rare and beautiful thing in life and that is why they follow her.
Buddy!
Don't let 'em, don't let 'em! (a feeble whisper) Pray for me... Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is strong as an ox and that is what is keeping her alive.
Oh, yes.
A few more days... a little more rest... she'll be perfectly healthy.
But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again.
(puts a hand on Buddy's shoulder) Come on back to supper.
You look very pretty in it, Rose.
(smiles at Mother) Well, you're real sweet to make it for me.
That was a delicious repast, Rose, as usual.
We admire you, we esteem you, we hold your hand with love and affection, we have an investment in you -- and I don't mean money, although God knows we have that, too, considering those godawful hospital bills... He's not going to fire her.
His shoes are on the back porch -- there they were, naked and smiling at me! (bangs on door) Rose, open this door immediately!
His shoes were on the back porch I smiling at met Where are you, you son of a bitch?
(a brilliant idea) Ah, ha! Hold the phone!
Are you satisfied?
We make our own lives, Madam.
(gives Mother an aloof glance, then to Daddy) First, about the girl's history.
Please do.
We all love you, darlin'.
Hi, Buddy.
They're the prettiest things.
(smiles, touches chicken wire) Did you know when I was a child we had pretty near five hundred rabbits?
It was Daddy's dream.
He was goin' to get rich raisin' rabbits.
Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
(stops, smiles, puts an arm around his shoulders) I'll tell you a secret.
Girls don't want sex, Buddy, girls want love.
Even in the wild days she was never as late as this.
(rather stiffly) I want to thank you for a wonderful afternoon and evenin'.
I been with him all day and he loves me, I know he does, he loves me and he's going to marry met Be's practi'cly ast me already!
Well... well, that's wonderful, Rose.
And now Waski, are you and Buddy and Dolly ready for some ice cream, huh?
We love 'em!
Well, it isn't a picnic, honey.
(a little smile) Okay.
And I'm gonna have me a plate right now! Better wait, hon.
And the best thing of all is that she's happy.
The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time!
Well, yes, she's happy.
Honey, he is Mr. Right.
You loved her.
The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more, She got cancer of the breast, was operated on and had a seven-year recovery, then after a brief illness passed on in her sleep, as the man with whom she'd lived in beautiful love and harmony for twenty-five years held her hand.
That is what happened, son, and God rest her lovely soul!
Rose had a good life.
Rose lives.
We've found everything else -- and what fun that was, let me tell you -- but the eyes are still AWOL.
Worth a page in my scrapbook.
Where's Chimney Rock?
Qui ex Patre Flioque procedit... Hey bright eyes, what's the deal being out here all alone without a coat?
(smiles) Must have rained over the golf course this morning.
Honey-suckle out yet?
I'm happy here.
Oh lord protect us, another romantic pale face in love with the desert.
That funny looking guy from Window Rock.
Thank you.
Both these guys lived together right here on the White Rock plateau eighty million years ago, when this area used to be on the banks of a huge, shallow sea.
Make it good.
Everybody satisfied?
Easy... Easy... Don't break it.
Thanks.
See ya.
You don't look so good, Simon.
It was nice meeting you, Mary.
Worth a little?
Hand illuminated.
This one's a bit special.
For some angels called their Lord the son of God, and others called Him the begotten father of Jesus Christ."
I've never heard that quote before.
Vichini was the greatest biblical scholar of the age, some claimed he made his own translations from the original writings.
God's wild bunch.
Well, he did start as an angel.
Smiled a lot.
You promised.
Excellent advice.
For your health?
See the Grand Canyon.
(smiles) Hey.
the world's minus one guppy this morning.
Amen.
God loves you, Simon.
Lovely place, Los Angeles.
Here, make yourself useful.
(to Thomas) Love and understanding are important tools in education.
Beautiful stars out here.
If you're smart you say thank you very much and forget about it.
Saturday night in Chimney Rock.
Thanks for the lift.
Where will they do the ceremony?
Wonderful.
But they do in... heaven.
How can that be heaven?
Oh sweet God, theology.
Ya-tah.
Ya-tah-hey.
This is a good place.
God is love, Katherine.
Good job.
The naive eagle scout, he once loved me above all others, and I him.
It was the only true love for either of us, but like all true love, it couldn't possibly last.
The winged party boys will come, Katherine.
What I did I did for love.
24 hours a day, seven days a week.
They sneak a few souls in to help with the fight.
How? Listen when I speak.
Can I help you?
The timing's important.
(grins) Promise.
Good morning.
Much better.
I have come to remind you that the winged party boys are just that: spoiled boys.
It's not much, but that's life.
Have you ever considered Katherine, that the great absentee landlord, the soft-eyed eagle scout your childhood prayers are for, is just using you?
God's junkies are coming, Katherine.
Funniest thing.
It's only one round, so make it count.
(breathless) Nice move.
Can you help him?
I can't quite bring myself to say thank you.
I don't think so, honey...
Thanks.
Thank you.
Uh...HALLOWEEN.
(giggling) Why?
Look, enough is enough.
It'll be fun.
You tricked me... Lucky, for you there's a bonus round.
Where's my baby?
Have a good trip.
All the good stuff was cut out and I started thinking about us and how two years ago, we started off kinda hot and heavy, a nice solid "R" rating on our way to an NC17.
Working, thank you.
Besides- (perfect Stu mimic) "Takes a man to do something like that."
My dad won't be back til Sunday.
I promise Thanks, Tatum.
Tatum's on her way over.
Thank you, Hank.
You rode your bike out there?
God, I loved it.
Please.
A book is not gonna change that.
Has his story changed?
(to GALE) Nice welt.
Yo--let's rock.
But it's so much easier when we make it up.
You small town guys are good.
You are precious.
Okay, but whatever you did--the entire student body thanks you.
Thanks, Dewey.
He would come around every now and then with his guitar and sing "Eight is enough to fill our lives with love..."
God, I was in love with Grant, he was so hot.
During foreplay, I sing the theme song to myself.
"Eight is enough to fill our lives with love..." It's a real turn on.
Grant wrote the song himself.
How 'bout a beer?
Randy--get the lady a beer.
Life's one great big movie.
I promise.
(surprising herself) Yeah...I think so.
Not until TRADING PLACES in '83.
The minute you get a little nookie--you're as good as gone.
Are all the local boys as sweet as you?
Listen to me, Sid.
Please!
God! Help me! (from the phone) Having fun Sidney?
Help me... (calming him) Shhhh.
It's an easy game.
Cool move.
Good Lord, it is what we're alive for.
Let's dance.
This divisive crap won't... (again) '...one actor, rather miraculously, manages to provide passion and, yes, truth.
(screaming voice) It's on right now... right now... right this second!
He was good.
That took courage.
Well, challenge.
You're good.
Well, that's a fresh slant.
Good to see you.
I also have a way.
I kept on saying 'louder', and they finally said to me they couldn't go louder without distortion.
I'd like to give this my best shot.
Please, God, let tonight give him peace.
Nothing good that happens can make it worth feeling the way I do now.
I loved it.
Not with that score.
I had a great scene cut out...
(sincerely) So what are you, totally wonderful or what?
This is great, right?
It was such a good score.
Thanks.
Good.
So, thanks for lunch.
(excited) Is it okay?
Okay, listen carefully, Jeannie.
No one will ever love me as much as you do.
Good.
Thank you.
You can't say things like that to a little... No. Don't.
You feel guilty and caring and it all gets mixed up so that there's so much important stuff going down that there's no sure way of dealing with it, but the best thing you can do is just make sure you love her.
Thank you.
Okay, love, Mommy's going to help others who need her for a few years, and you're going with Daddy as I explained.
(turning to Matt) Beginning now, you must give less value to your own happiness and well- being, then hopefully, you will reach the point where you give that no value whatsoever.
(simple honesty) No. (to Jeannie) Okay, sweetie.
Please.
Hug.
Excellents?
Fairs?
He's excited, but only because he sees glory for himself in it... See, ordinarily I wouldn't say that about my doctor, but I can't help it, it's the truth.
Matt, I'd better drive him myself.
Thanks for the support.
(again) Can you help?
You can come back tomorr... Listen to me, Jeannie...
God, let me live here.
I love it here so much that... Daddy says I can stay.
This is my daughter, Queen Elizabeth.
Thank you.
I love you... (totally thrown) Well,... thank you. (sotto) Thanks.
And this is a wonderful rewrite.
I have just had the biggest orgasm of my life and I'm trying to figure out if I'm in love with you.
Whoops.
I mean we seem to have... (again) ...this unspoken agreement not to talk about why we're together when we're together and I don't think it's good to let that become a pattern for us.
(indignantly) I'm here for the same reason 86 percent of older women loved 'Beauty and the Beast.'
So you loved it.
Please.
(a smile) What do you mean?
It felt great... Everybody... Let me tell him, let me tell him, let me tell him... (highly annoyed) Let him finish!
(loving, sexy) Hey.
They offered it to her off the reading.
They don't have that much fun.
You think I'm going to be one of those parents, sitting in one of those rooms, where we all go crazy trying to jump start our egos with our kids' sweat, all the time smiling at each other like our lives are working while we root against everyone else's little girl?
(smiling) I know.
Okay, come on... let's have our creative meeting right here.
I think he's a very good to excellent actor--I do... (puzzled) But there's something...
The man is talented.
Thanks.
Did we do good with any group at all?
I can't hear you, but--hi, Matt-- that was funny.
Thanks for the support.
Let Daddy give you a few tips here.
(reeling a bit) Good Lord.
This isn't going to be good.
Not with that attitude.
Good.
I can help you.
Trust me.
(faster; avoiding Matt) I love, loved, the coloring book you sent me.
I love you.
Love you.
Thank you.
Oh, I love you so much, I love you so much...
I love you so much.
(as Black woman) I hope that makes you feel a whole lot better, Chile... 'Cause it sure goes a long way to cure what ails me.
It will be fun.
Okay, this little girl you're pretending to be... she can't be with her Mommy either, just like you, or her father... she has to stay in Rainbow House which is called that because... (Jeannie starts fidgeting) Jeannie... (she stops) ...because everyone's a different color... so when this little girl calls the black lady who takes care of all the children this terrible word... it's like the worst thing anybody can do... Come here.
(approaching him) I don't want to do the 'I love you' again.
He said to smile all the time almost and to talk... uh... Faster?
We don't always get good directors, so it's important for us... Me.
This is so good... It's a breakfast burrito.
The most important acting you do is when you listen.
Well, there are really only two ways to do it.
I'm on a roof... You're a great dad.
You're a... (then stops; then smiles at him) They need you.
You're welcome.
Thanks again.
And everybody claps.
Great.
I made up a great bow.
I'm just very grateful that I made you come.Matt.
It's amazing news.
Oliver Stone's been looking for a comedy and... (distracted) I've got to see my kid.
Good.
It's good news.
I think you're the best of the bunch.
(broadly) Oh, great.
I love an African American.
I love a little redneck.
(to Floor Manager) Amazing, right?
(to Jeannie) You were great.
Thank you.
You look happy.
I loved it, Daddy.
(a beat, then) Give me a kiss.
I'm a good friend of your Dad's.
(to Jeannie) Yes, and you were wonderful.
That was my trick, my great contribution to the world.
-- buy them a magnum of your finest champagne.
And... and your finest spackle.
The taste of bologna fresh from the butcher.
The sickly sweet smell of a burning babydoll on a crisp autumn day.
Love.
You like the way mommy looks, Chuckie?
Yes, mommy.
Please.
Last night I took a walk after dark/to see a place called Palisades Park/to have some fun and see what I could see/that's where the girls are I got it to Freddie "Boom Boom" Cannon through my friendship with Dick Clark.
I took a ride on the shoop de shoop/that girl I sat beside was awful cute/and when we stopped she was holding hands with me/my heart was flying/up like a rocket ship/down like a roller coaster/fast like a loop de loop/round like a merry go 'round... Hi.
I wrote this song.
That's good.
Everyone loves game shows, right?
That's great then.
(a little taken aback) It was good.
You're a romantic.
Well, that would be good.
Nice meeting you.
Oh, you're the one who wrote that Palisades song.
I love that song.
Your friend.
Good money.
That sounds great, Chuck.
That's good.
Better get cracking.
I've been in San Francisco, and it's amazing.
Everybody loves everybody and there's lots of colors.
We're gonna change the world, Chuck.
Not that old! Ha ha ha.
Good for you.
Listen, Chuck.
(joshingly) That is your baby, isn't it, Chuck?
Good man.
Great.
That's sweet.
That's it's charm.
And that's good.
You don't fuck with taste, my friend!
Have fun, everybody!' Sometimes as a younger man I stretched the truth to get what I wanted.
"Through all the lying days of my youth/I swayed my leaves and flowers in the sun;/Now I may whither into the truth."
The only date he's ever had is with his right hand.
London is wonderful this time of year, isn't it.
London is wonderful this time of year, isn't it?
And you are? (smiles) Here you go, Chuck.
Thank you.
No woman would ever have loved him.
That was fun.
Sounds fun.
Hey, buddy.
You don't look too good.
Chuck -- Lovely.
Such was my respect for that most holy of unions.
Great wheels, man.
Yeah, well, see ya... Hi! Hi! Wow, this is a beautiful place you got! Hi.
Getting married to Alan is the best thing I've ever done.
My sweet little clamato.
I'm not murdering my baby!
Please... Beautiful country, isn't it?
Yes, it was his baby.
I have this plan now, now that you're free -- God, you look cute today.
Please.
I love you, Pen, in my way.
Romantic love.
... and we're the sending the two of you for three days and three nights to beautiful... West Berlin!
(kisses him, sits) So, here's what we got.
Prove how much you love me, baby.
Good morning, Mrs. Reynolds.
He's bringing everyone down.
None of the hosts are getting it, Chuck.
(stiff) Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to The Gong Show!
And now, here's the host and star of our show, Chuck Barris!
Welcome to The Gong Show.
We'll get you some confidence powder.
Ladies and gentlemen, oh, this act is amazing, your gonna love this act.
My mother-in-law... Chuck used to love to discuss philosophy.
Love ya.
Right back at ya, amigo.
(phone voice) I am in town on business, Chuck.
Dinner sounds good.
(eyes closed) Dinner sounds good with whom?
Only the best for my friend.
Chuckie Baby, Chuckie Baby, Chuckie Baby... What?
Sweet Tuvia... Ripe Tuvia.
You look great.
But as I stood there, I realized, I couldn't kill Jim Brooks, the man who was responsible for such good stuff: Mary Tyler Moore, Rhoda, Cindy, Phyllis, episodes of My Friend Tony.
Hey, congratulations, Jim.
Your shows are the greatest.
Thank you.
I love your show! (unenthused) Great.
He was a star, buddy!
Well, it's great to see you, Pen.
You look beautiful.
So what does she really love?
I love you, Treesh.
SOPHIA (contd) Hey, baby.
Baby, take your time.
What's your story, baby?
MALCOLM (contd) Now kiss my feet.
Kiss 'em! Feed me.
Yeah, girl; that's your story.
And that ofay you gonna marry.
I do know I love you.
Oh, Malcolm, I love you.
Is your mother alive?
Yeah, she's alive.
As you nice enough to ask, we'll git you one.
The Brown Bomber, The Brown Bomber, Joe Louis, the heavyweight champion of the world.
Great day in the morning.
Lemme show you somepin brand new.
Don't ever again in life step on my Florsheims again, and never talk-bout my mother.
You look brand new in town.
Red, and I ain't no punk.
Right chere.
Come on, baby.
ARCHIE (contd) You looking good, Little.
Clean as the Board of Health.
Frisk me, baby.
It's yours, baby.
Got to be a first time, daddy-o.
Let Billie finish.
Baby, I got to let this old man win.
You way ahead.
You back on top.
That boy loves you, man.
Boy, good thing we're good Christians.
moonlit night.
Negroes were stronger than they are now.
Man, I'm glad we got you out of there.
With West Indian Archie on your ass, your name on the wire -- Boston the best goddam place in the world for you -- things are too hot and it's not even summer.
I got a place fixed up on Harvard Square.
How's that sound?
I'm blowing great sax.
You want eggs, baby?
He's a new fish, Mr. Barnes.
Talk, daddy, I'm listening.
What did you give it to me for then?
BEMBRY (contd) Nobody can bust out like Bogart does it, in the movies.
Man, you better get off me.
And the white man sees you and he laughs.
The truth is laying there if you smart and read behind their words.
Man, I'm studying in the man's book.
Closing.
But they teach us that we lived in caves and swung from trees.
They let us sing and dance and smile -- and now they let one black man in the majors.
That don't cancel out the greatest crime in history.
I sure met some.
The body is a holy repository.
--the hardest and the greatest.
--the hardest and the greatest.
I'm a willing servant for Allah.
Build heaven on earth.
The crowd is listening, caught up in Malcolm's intensity.
My beautiful sister, for you are beautiful.
Beautiful because you are black.
The Honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches that you are black and should be proud... We're not American, we're Africans who happen to be in America.
We didn't land on Plymouth Rock, brothers and sister.
Plymouth Rock landed on us.
We are a nation, a great nation and don't need a thing from them.
Come on, baby.
Baby, I love you.
Take it easy, baby.
You saved my life, Archie.
I wasn't gonna shoot you, baby.
I got a couple a new angles ain't been figured yet.
Thanks.
And make a speech.
He's getting the best care we can give.
Thank you, Doctor.
Allah has given you a great gift.
This sweet, gentle man gave me the truth from his own mouth.
And I adored him, in the sense of the Latin root of the word.
Go and tell the brothers what Brother Minister is doing, has done, has been of great benefit to the Nation.
Great benefit for himself.
Thank you, Brother Minister.
You will be good.
I have a good heart.
Earn what you need for your family, then your family respects you.
They'll be proud to say "That's my father."
She's proud to say "That's my husband..." Father means you're taking care of those children.
From a handful we have grown to scores of thousands.
COMPLETE Thank you, Brother; Sister, how are you?
What? (scornfully) "His greatest greatness."
I do not pretend to be a divine man, but I do believe in divine guidance, divine power, and in the fulfillment of divine prophecy.
It is a return to the source of our great religion.
I will make a pilgrimage to Mecca.
My darling Betty.
I have never witnessed such sincere... BETTY (contd) ...hospitality and true brotherhood as practiced here in the ancient home of Abraham, Mohammad and the great prophets of the Scriptures..." 177A 	--Malcolm and OTHER PILGRIMS kneeling together on a praying rug.
177B	--Malcolm and SEVERAL WHITE PILGRIMS eating Muslim-style; breaking a 177C	--Malcolm and OTHERS walking around the Great Kaaba, a black stone set Today, with thousands of others, I proclaimed God's greatness in the Holy City of Mecca.
It was the only time in my life that I stood before the Creator of all and felt like a complete human being.
Because of the spiritual rebirth which I was blessed to undergo as a result of my pilgrimage to the Holy City of Mecca, I no longer subscribe to sweeping indictments of one race.
In all honesty and sincerity it can be stated that I wish nothing but freedom, justice and equality: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all people.
Malcolm, you said on your trip abroad you sensed a feeling of great brotherhood.
Today my friends are black, brown, red, yellow and white.
Oh yes.
Git your hand out of my pocket!
Dear heart, I love you.
Is my family here yet?
And now, without further remarks, I present to you one who is willing to put himself on the line for you-- BENJAMIN 2X (contd) --a man who would give his life for you.
Git your hand out of my pocket.
Here at this final hour, in this quiet place, Harlem has come to bid farewell to one of its brightest hopes, extinguished now and gone from us forever.
Many will ask what Harlem finds to honor in this stormy, controversial and bold young captain and we will smile and we will answer and say unto them: OSSIE DAVIS'S VOICE (contd) Did you ever talk to Brother Malcolm?
Did you have him smile at you? Did you ever listen to him?
That was his meaning to his people and in honoring him we honor the best in ourselves.
A PRINCE, A BLACK SHINING PRINCE who didn't hesitate to die because he loved us so.
I love Elvis hair.
Let's roll to this -- fight in progress.
We'll have a good time.
You were hoping.
You're a rare unthreatened male cop with a good marriage, and you like to eat where I eat -- so everything's code four.
Come over for dinner tonight.
He's got Kathy's looks and brains and my strong back.
Mom and Dad renewing their vows, the church, the party.
She bought a new dress.
Nice seeing you, too.
Hey, Champ, my God, look how big.
We're bringing Larry his lunch.
Hey, it's good to see you.
Firemen are everybody's heroes.
You have a nice smile.
Come on over, Lambert, join the group.
Thanks for the drink.
Don't be a hero.
Thanks.
I'm good at this.
I helped you.
Shopping day?
It's looking great, Mom.
(pleased) Thanks, honey.
It's the best year ever for the impatiens.
Your hair looks nice.
It's three weeks from Saturday.
It's a way of... having the marriage blessed.
And it hasn't been that way for years.
I'm glad it hasn't been that way.
We're inviting you.
Please.
Mrs. Vander said it's a beautiful invitation.
Tell Dad... thanks.
That was a smile.
My attitude's fine.
You want to kiss me?
New day.
This is not a great place to walk.
It's none of your business!
Nice, huh? Beautiful.
The cops'll love this, right?
Don't you guys love evidence?
Great.
So... what d'you want, a coffee?
Got a good basketball team at St. Mark's.
Well, it's a mix, Robby.
Sounds better when he says it -- (stops abruptly) Listen.
Well, thank you.
Have you been out in this great afternoon?
This is good.
Are you his friend?
What makes it so... unspeakable, Catch?
Please.
To help you.
What good does it do?
Please.
It was your birthday, and you ate too much.
I made you smile, Chet.
And then we all smiled, and it was a great minute.
I love you.
I'm the daughter.
You both look so great.
Look how nice you look.
(to Mrs. Vander) Nice dress.
It was a nice ceremony.
It's a great party, Mom.
You look happy.
Thirty-five years and still in love, huh?
But I love him.
You look great.
Hey, everybody, keep it down.
Let him guide and transport you to worlds and possibilities you never dreamt of...
Transcend the heights on Beauty's wing.
Thas a nice pair of jugs.
The sky is grey with the first light of dawn.
ANTON dressed as Mercury is trying to attract an audience, without much success.
DIEGO, full of wonder and oblivious to his family, looks back at PARNASSUS and gives the old man the thumbs-up.
PARNASSUS smiles and raises his thumb in response.
With pleasure.
Valentina, half-undressed, is struggling out of her `Wisdom' costume while at the same time looking at pictures of beautiful homes and gardens in a very battered copy of `Homes and Gardens'.
(startled, guiltily hiding `Homes and Gardens') Oh!
PARNASSUS, out of his make-up and costume, is smiling and humming to himself as he removes the feed bag from one of the horses.
PERCY, winding a rope onto a cleat, hears distant laughter and looks up.
CUT TO PERCY'S P.O.V. where we see, some distance away and in a relatively secluded spot, MR NICK rocking with laughter while DOCTOR PARNASSUS looks stricken.
And the stars...It's so c-clear.
PERCY holds his hand out, palm up.
Are you happy?
ANTON produces an old beaten-up copy of `Beautiful Homes' and starts thumbing through it.
Hey! That's mine!
Give it me!
(sotto voce) Would you really be happy in one of those p-places?... N-not me.
Make a new life together.
You make it sound so simple.
PARNASSUS smiles.
Cheer up... I've freed you from this ridiculous nonsense.
MR NICK smiles and lights a cigarette.
He's enjoying this.
Have fun, travel, learn a foreign language... Splat!
PARNASSUS leaps up, laughing, amazed, revived.
(smiling) Yes? MR NICK stubs out his cigarette.
PARNASSUS's ear.
PARNASSUS and PERCY are travelling the world with a little theatre.
Whichever of us won ten converts first, would win the bet... My argument was the importance of the story, the power of the imagination... His, the power of material things, the supremacy of stuff... Naturally...
A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN (played by the same actress as Valentina, but older with different coloured hair) comes into view.
She was beautiful, enchanting, delightful, young...
Good point.
My God... that's exciting.
Thank God! Thank God! Thank God for that!
(croaking) Thank you.
VALENTINA is pleased.
VALENTINA kisses PARNASSUS on the cheek.
Thank you.
Not at the moment.
VALENTINA, dressed as `Beauty', is rummaging in a theatre skip, helping the MAN find something to wear for the show.
A laughing stock.
Thanks to you we can afford to buy Valentina a b- birthday cake.
He's young.
I'll make it my job to boost his confidence.
VALENTINA smiles at George with admiration and approval.
When's your birthday?
(smiles) I know.
By her birthday then.
The horses are grazing.
Trust in providence, Percy.
CUT TO ANTON who is painting a long-stemmed, wooden flower...he comes over to VALENTINA with it in his hand.
VALENTINA bursts out laughing.
Valentina sees good in him.
She'd be better off with Anton.
CUT TO ANTON who's pleased.
Perhaps I should offer her hand to whoever helps most in winning the next five souls.
Embrace this once in a life- time opportunity.
As old as the universe itself, the great Doctor, versed in every mystic practice known to man, and many more besides, will guide you to your destiny.
Instead they pay more attention to the masked TONY who, decked out in a stylish costume, is working the sparse crowd with his smooth charm.
They laugh at one of his jokes.
TONY smiles seductively at her.
He leaps off the stage, grabs SALLY by the wrist and begins to pull her to the stage.
(laughing) What?... Hey, what you doing?
(good humoured) Oh my god!
A few ONLOOKERS cheer.
Doctor Parnassus will make it flower.
More laughs.
More laughs.
The plinth rocks and teeters.
Please.
I promise you.
Please.
She smiles sweetly.
RICH WOMEN anxious to be conspicuous in their consumption of wealth glide past.
In his hand is a staff with an elaborate sun on the top.
On the white side of the stage stands the mirror and a stylized Tree of Knowledge with bright red apples.
She gracefully combs her hair.
(referring to the glass plinth) If it's the flowering of the soul you need, then here we are but, unfortunately we are booked solid at the moment.
But thank you.. I can see you have a generous spirit.
A place for souls to be purified.
What are your dreams worth in minutes?
Do you have time for their dreams?
He gave me a new life.
He has given me power to dream again... to dream of a better world.
Madam, congratulations, you have been chosen.
But, can we not talk about me for a moment..
I want to thank the Doctor for letting me experience the most sublime, inspiring ....
He pulls out the LOUIS VUITTON WOMAN'S beautiful necklace from his pocket.
Happy birthday.
For a beautiful woman.
VALENTINA smiles.
You had some of those when we rescued you.
Everyone is edgy.
It's not in my nature.
As is your privilege.
Wouldn't be fair...And you've got four, thanks to your friend Tony.
He smiles, lights a cigarette, takes a deep drag...
He starts to round up the horses.
Valentina... my darling girl.
Get ready to move out!
PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER!... Sir.
I'll show you the world.
The great big beautiful world I've always dreamed of... You'll love it.
VALENTINA, grateful, clings to TONY.
Listen to this Valentina... it's about Tony's b-beautiful world.. Valentina!
Believe me! Look, I'll show you the truth!
Help!
I want a new life.
He leads a charmed life, that one... I've been trying to nail him for years...
Thank God for that!
TONY relaxes a little.
He smiles and opens his hand.
With his other hand DR.
(gaining confidence) He doesn't have five wins.
He's stunned but still alive.
Now, where's my daughter?
(with needle) Her loving father.
MR NICK smiles and blows smoke in PARNASSUS'S face.
The Good Samaritan.
We looked in on Rome and Lisbon a few days.
I hope you will have time to truly enjoy Marrakesh.
Why? (smiles) They are hotels for tourists of good taste.
(Gives in) Well -- that's what we came here for.
Okay, Jo? Simple one of those Arabian Nights?
(Smiles agreeably) Okay, But I'm no Scheherazade.
I look forward to cocktails.
How do you like this!
A horse-drawn convertible!
A doctor at the Good Samaritan.
You have a garden with snails, a wife, a boy who can spell haemoglobin.
Thank you.
Let's sit where it's cool.
Whatever gives the best profit.
Good evening.
They stared at us when we went into the hotel.
Good evening.
I've been staring at you ever since I saw you at the hotel.
(Laughs) Thank you, Mr. Drayton.
Only the first two fingers and thumb of the right hand.
It seems to me if you have four good fingers, and a thumb, you should use them all.
Well, as I was saying, I was quite happy farming my bit of land It Buckinghamshire, when these chaps from the United Nations started worrying me.
First he promises to take us to dinner -- Look, we only met him today.
I met him yesterday -- on the bus -- for the first time in my life.
I'm a tourist traveling for pleasure.
I'm so relaxed I'm tired.
Now do me a favor.
You've been excited, fatigued -- talking a blue streak and going around in circles.
I am now relaxed and listening.
Get to the surprise.
And listen carefully.
He's my child more than yours!
Please.
(Hands Ben key) Your room key, Sir.
Oh yes.
Thank you.
"Welcome home, Jo.
Look forward to seeing your family.
You'd better keep your book.
There it is -- big as life -- Ambrose Chappell.
Thank you.
You look wonderful!
But dinner tonight's on me.
A welcome home for Jo.
(Smiles at her) And I wish I could persuade her to stay a month.
Promise.
Good afternoon, Sir.
(After a moment) Oh, yes, yes.
(Smiles) I have been Ambrose Chappell for nearby seventy-one years.
Now why don't you go and have a nice rest?
(Nods to Ben) Good day to you, sir.
Oh, yes?
Help!
Yes, you finish.
Two excellent tickets for the concert at the Albert Hall -- with my compliments.
A record of the delightful Picco they will play tonight.
If you will listen, my friend, I will play for you the exact moment at which you can shoot.
Now listen carefully.
You see at such a moment your shot will not be heard.
That's a comfort -- traipsing all the way down to Marrakesh to fetch you I should like you to do me credit.
I don't know how else to do it, honey.
Few of us pause to think how life's adversities work in our behalf, to make better men and women of us.
Next week I shall discuss the fruits of our meditation.
Well this is a pleasant surprise, Doctor.
Hurry (He claps his hands) Do what he says.
And this is her husband -- A pleasure, my dear sir... (He turns to Jo) I trust you will permit me to wait upon you tomorrow and to express the depth of my gratitude.
You see, we finally needed that help you offered.
(To guests) Ladies and gentlemen, we have with us tonight...Jo Conway...the famous Jo Conway...she has graciously consented to sing for us .. (To his wife) Darling would you see that the Prime Minister has a very good seat.
That's my Mother singing!
(sits , a spreading smile) Okay, Ester.
(forks a mouthful of eggs) Mmmmm.
Exciting.
I got my first trimester report: happy, healthy and contaminant-free...
Now amplified by the plaza speakers, Merrick begins his address- Good morning.
To everyone here and everyone watching on etherscreen, welcome to the community address.
Today I'm coming to you from Sector Four.
So tell me, Sector Four - is everyone ready for The Daily Spin?
The morning sun streams over the green mountains.
The etherscreen resolves Ester's face, fresh and bright.
Enjoy your day!
Lincoln gets out of bed with a smile.
He swipes his ethercuff and greets the clerk with an amiable grin.
He says this amicably enough but he's using his imposing presence on the smaller man.
Lincoln stares at the fractal on right-visor, at the intricate paths of dysplasia.
Remember the guy who won The Spin yesterday?
The agnate goes to harvest without any fore- b o d i n g and is painlessly returned to the sleep from whence it came.
It doesn't know its... its p u r p o s e in life?
S a n g e r ambles on, plunged in thought.
Lydia picks up the slack- This month we're offering a special rate for new sponsors.
Another holoframe and another commercial, displaying the same characters as the first; The old man with the walking frame is now running in a park-- The woman with the mastectomy is now at a party, her cocktail dress broadcasting a full cleavage -- The young mother is now in a waiting room, smiling as a doctor hands her a newborn baby.
Real p e o p l e enjoying the real f r u i t s of sponsorship.
The girl with the baby.
A simple donation of sperm from the father, then the agnate is fertilized and brings your baby to term.
A i r blasts up from the same giant tunnel, swallowing the laughs.
Centerville, the buildings now emitting a trickle of agnates, ending their workday - unwitting participants in their own greater utility.
Then he looks up, forming a smile- How ' s Lincoln Six-Echo today?
N o t easy to disappear.
The virtual humanity statutes accord them a set of freedoms.
I'd like you to do it, okay?
A l r i g h t .
The cursor comes to life: R e f l e c t e d in the ceiling, Lincoln grins at his small victory.
The clerk looks surprised to see Lincoln arriving so early.
A grid of bio-readouts, each square alive with graphs and digits.
Off his smile, the agnate mother nods, anxiously watching the midwife wrap her baby in blanket.
I'm incubating the baby for 24 hours prior to transport.
Tell her she has a beautiful baby girl.
From the massive sky grows a glinting shape.
The desert sun clefts the chasm into light and shadow.
Ester comes up to join him.
W h i t e rock blanketed by stands of fir and ponderosa pine.
Dr. Sanger stands at a glass wall, looking out across the green mountain valley.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Thank you for coming out here.
The grin.
Scheer moves his hand to cover the USMC ring, stiffly- The parties I represent want to stay at arm's length.
K n o c k yourself out, buddy.
G o ahead.
The n we'll keep going.
Her breaths, calming.
A college boxing team photo, grinning cup winners.
Ester points to the photo.
For us, the spirit is like the shadow on the rock.
In the sun and the moon, the wind and the rain... Now he asks for the gift of vision that he may see through to the spirit shape of things.
At the outset, people dismissed it as a rich man's folly.
It's good to see you.
Thanks for coming down to meet me.
Its progress has been unchecked by her immune system.
One is a super- b i o t i c .
He l l o , stranger.
About how they used a tiny part of her to make me.
What do you mean? ( t o u c h i n g her belly) F r o m this... From having a baby.
I can't say I've ever had that... N o t h i n g . . .
Please...
I'm doing my level best for you people.
I've got a very excellent reputation around this town.
What celebrities?
I'll bring you over a whole VIP list when we come by for dinner.
Hey, you still feature musicians Fridays and Saturdays?
And when she eventually goes on Letterman, she'll announce I'm currently appearing over at Mario's fine supper club.
Everybody loved me for that.
Hello, Mavis, sweet creature.
When can I see you? Good news in that arena.
By the time she gets back from dancing her ass off, she goes right to sleep.
Bit right down to the quick.
I'm much better groomed since you've been looking after me.
The marriage is not without its compensations.
It's interesting watching people.
You had your fun.
It's not in your best interests to hang up on me.
This is not showbusiness, my friend.
Thanks for your time.
And this time, I'll listen in.
It makes me vindictive.
Now I have it in perfect view.
Well, I'm not through!
Good work, Stu.
I love you, baby.
Hey, I have worked in a boiler room myself peddling "Term Life."
Oh yes you are.
You're doing far better than the others.
They do a great job.
What's so special in there?
That's my good watch.
Now I'm satisfied.
You've got to see -- I'm not armed.
Oh look, that little red dot is dancing around all over you again.
Excellent, Stu.
You're getting good at this.
Now you're having fun.
I respect your right to privacy.
Brilliant, Stu.
It's my whole world now.
Why is it so important to know?
It's what makes the job interesting.
It was a nice day.
The blonde girl in the green jacket.
I pride myself on that.
What's so great about being human?
Glad to help out.
(a beat) There she is -- nice and sharp.
Any decent cosmetic surgeon will have her looking better than ever.
It's giving.
One of the finest handguns Remington makes.
To please me.
Please.
He was living out a New Yorker's pet fantasy.
We better move.
When your hand comes down, I want to see it.
You're obviously not willing to trade your life for hers.
Damn you!! Thanks for such an interesting afternoon.
Thanks to you.
Still alive?
Please!
Help him over here.
So in no time, he's gone from the most gorgeous model in the world to the most gorgeous actress in North America.
It was "25 Signs He's Great in Bed".
So now we make 23% of the modems in the market, which is pretty good.
Mr. Dillard, I'm sure Dr. Delbanco shares my gratitude for your concern.
This is great!
What's better than this?
Good-looking woman.
Good-looking woman.
She's got a great dog named for Danny Ainge.
Amazing.
Problem is, his fantasy life's a lot better than his real one.
In these fantasies, Henry Follett is played by a handsome guy with biceps.
It's almost too exhausting to tell you... (tiny smile, to herself) ...about my exhaustion.
You've done well.
Well, I'm addicted to winning.
Tastes good.
You're good.
Is she a friend of yours?
Good dog.
(looks after Martin) Nice car.
These days my idea of a hot date is a long shower by myself before bed.
Now that feels good.
It's nice to meet you, Mrs. Cook.
But then I'll also think -- 'Mumford, you just enjoy taking these walks and you're kidding yourself about the benefits.'
Or maybe it wasn't an accident at all -- Mr. Follett.'cause in that instant I saw the beginning of a vixen's smile and I knew Henry!
I'm paying for this.
I enjoy it.
I know we're not supposed to get together till Wednesday... That's all right.
And it's been good... like we were two buddies hanging out.
It's the biggest secret I've got.
I trust you.
All right, I'm just gonna tell you, as simple and direct as I can.
I cannot make one simple connection with any woman who could truly love me.
I guess the standards weren't too high there, because my superiors got excited and pushed me to take the advancement tests...
It was my favorite hobby I had ever had.
Everybody has a story, Skip.
Every time I'd leave a life, it felt good.
I had no friends and I didn't talk to my family.
He always got his man, whether they deserved it or not.
We were a good team.
The parties met repeatedly over a period of months.
And the great thing -- they just kept you wet all day.
Why? (heaves another paper) I'm thinking a gal could make a good living doing this.
If he has everything so figured out how come his best friend is a .22
What's the deal?
(greeting one cheerily) Hello, Mrs. Saito, good to see you again!
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I'd better get in there.
I love salad nicoise.
(giggling) You do?
Well, come on in.
It's nice to see you again.
(shaking her hand) Of course... I've heard great things about you.
Thank you.
You can go out there if you like... (quoting Mumford) "There's no shame in getting a little therapy", right, Doc? Hello, Mr. Follett.
Have a good session.
I hope nothing you're about to see will shake your faith in me.
I'm giving it up.
Lily... (gets it) ...Skip, that's great!
Right now, of the two of us, I'm the only one in love.
Have you met Sofie's moth-- -- We've met.
(delighted) Oh, Roxy! Excellent.
I'll see you on... whatever...
I liked to sit on the rock and watch the sun go down.
You have a wonderful way with people.
That's... good?
I don't know if -- You're shockingly honest, that's what makes you great.
Sofie... that makes me very happy.
I'm glad.
I have taken my feelings of gratitude... and relief... and transferred them onto... you.
I have taken all those warm, grateful emotions and confused them with feelings for you...
That's what you're giving me?
But Skip says you're in love.
The guy was obsessed... didn't always know where to draw the line... but I would have trusted him with my wife -- er, my life -- (looks off camera, laughing) -- What'd I say?
And perhaps... that is exactly the chance the now-sober pilgrim took... on a blustery November day... walking away from the rehab center... never to be heard from again... I'd like to know if he's alive.
Do you realize how insidious it is to invade the most private thoughts and secret lives of unsuspecting people?... ...People who have come to you with the faith that you know what you're doing... and that you are who you say you are? Yes, your honor.
You got off easy.
I haven't got the energy to get out of town that fast.
Better make yourself comfortable.
You look fantastic."
I need to finish getting ready.
Do you enjoy it?
But I enjoy the end result of the job which is money.
And you know I'm happy because I'm smiling.
Excellent, I'll get those both started for you.
Fantastic.
Thanks for kissing me on the cheek, I know you didn't have to do that and.... (shouting after her) ... you're very pretty.
Thank you!
I'm sure it's a drink you've been drinking for years, and if you still enjoy it, I'd like to remind you to buy it again sometime soon.
Thanks.
In fact, this building is where Lecture Films' talented writers scour through the world's past events, searching for the most entertaining, dramatic and even hilarious moments of world history, which are then turned into scripts, handed over to our world-famous Readers, and filmed for your viewing pleasure.
Coming this summer from Lecture Films Motion Picture Studios.
Written by Oscar winning screenwriter Rob Marlowe.
Ooh, it's good you're here.
I'm on pills that make everything orange.
MARTHA (cont'd) And maybe one day you'll have a wife that you love very much too.
I love you, Mark.
I love you too, Grandma.
Hey, thanks for setting me up with your cousin by the way.
Your life is still better than mine.
By a good margin.
I really wish I was cool enough to have a better friend than you.
I'm the best you're gonna get, man.
Mark suits you much better.
Fantastic.
I love your work.
I give up.
Right in the ass.
Everyone is going to be fine.
We're going to live! Thank you!
Thank you!
This has been the worst... and the best... day of my life.
We've been through so much together.
We'll both have beers and we'll take them at that roulette table over there.
You've never had a lucky day in your life.
We have a winner.
Congratulations, sir.
Fork over your money right here folks.
Nine black wins.
Congratulations, sir.
And can I say congratulations, sir.
Thank you.
This is the most amazing night of my life.
It amazes me the winning streak you're on.
You must be the luckiest man in the world.
Brilliant.
Congratulations.
No, I haven't been to the gym.
It's just... it's amazing.
Fantastic.
In Our World.... in the 1800's... ... came the greatest revolution of them all.
(climactic music) The Industrial Revolution.
Written by famed screenwriter Rob Marlowe and read by Oscar winning Reader Angelo Badsmith.
Come watch me read about the exciting events that took place during the Industrial Revolution.
Rob Marlowe, your streak of success has finally come to an end.
I love sports.
I don't do well with other people's life changing events.
Anthony, get excited about this.
This is a brand new event from history that no one has ever heard before.
The greatest movie Lecture Films has ever made.
I also think you'd make a good father and a good husband, which I like.
Good.
Fantastic.
Listen closely to me, Grandma.
And you're going to be young again, and you'll be able to run through the fields and dance and jump, and there will be no sadness, no pain, just love and laughing and happiness.
There will be ponies made of gold, and everyone will live in giant mansions, and everything will smell like cookies.
I promise you.
Tell her I love her.
Lives in the sky.
Whatever the best mansion for you can possibly be, that's the one you'll get.
That also is fine.
Are we good?
You're a very successful writer, you've won countless awards and Oscars... You've changed the way people see the world, the way they see death and life.
You've made the entire world happy.
The one person who should be happy, the person who has everything...
As a friend.
It would be great if it changed your genetic material because I really love you but I just don't...
He's very sweet and kind to me.
He's a great match for me.
They have the right to be attractive and have good genes.
Hey, watch this.
I don't know why we're laughing.
Out of beer.
What if I told you that drinking Coke was good for you?
They'll cheer you up.
I gave people the Man in the Sky, made myself rich and successful, told the world they can eat whatever they want and feel good about it.
Everyone's happy but me.
The wedding is tomorrow.
It would make me happy.
I only have a few years to marry someone with good genes and financial stability so I can have children and the family I've always wanted.
I love you.
Do me this favor.
We are sitting here in this building today to share in the wedding of Rob and Jennifer.
That lowly writer who stumbled upon the ability to lie went on to become one of the most important men of his age, married to one of the most beautiful women of his time, and passed on the lying gene to generations to come.
A world without honesty is a world with dreams.
A world with pretense.
A world with fiction.
A world with flattery.
Her gaze settles on a CUTE GIRL a little ways down, staring out at the dance floor.
A buff 30-SOMETHING WOMAN with locs smiles and winks at Alike.
Alike smiles and fidgets with her eyebrows and looks away.
Laura dances with a cute SHORT HAIRED GIRL.
Lemme dance with shortie first, then I'll be ready.
Laura, happily tangled in her dance partner's embrace rolls her eyes.
I'm sayin', whatchu waitin' for?! Alike shrugs it off, her smile fading a little.
It's good.
Hey girl!
Help yourself.
You been shopping?
What do you have in the shopping bag--the big red thing?
Oh that's nice.
That's for your daughter?
For whatever reason the youngest one popped in my mind first.
Thank you.
Is it her birthday?
You don't tell me what to do! Girls.
Which means I'll be able to go to Autumn Ball and the Homecoming Dance.
Yeah, well it's a couple of them.
She's mad cool though, so sometime she come out with us every now and then, anyway-- Man, y'all be doin' it on it weekends, let me find out!
Yeah, Alike--she's cute too.
Mika smiles as her eyes travel down Alike's physique.
Yeah, but if she was just a little more harder-- Alike looks over and starts to nod when a CUTE BOY with locs swaggers up to the girls, drawing their rapt attention.
I like girls but I love boys.
Watch out, it's slippery.
Yeah, thank you.
By next Friday.
Next Friday?! Okay-- Whatever.
She better be cute for all of this...
Laura smiles.
OOH LEE, Laura leaps from the bed and blocks Sharonda's path to the doorway.
You blowin' me right now.
No, I'm good.
Hey ya'll we're about to go dance!
Well you don't mind right?
Tastes better.
Hey Dad! Too much lipstick.
Gimmie kiss.
Sharonda's fine.
It's Sunday morning.
You look beautiful, baby.
Nice to meet you.
Hi there, nice to meet you.
Audrey looks pleased with herself.
You're funny.
I'm gonna listen to what I want to listen to for a change.
She asks me everyday.
So what's your favorite class?
Alike relaxes her shoulders, both relieved and surprised.
It's good.
Brick!! What's the score?
Promise.
It looks nice down.
Oh... Well, that's cool.
Bina waves her hand at the radio.
Alike gives up, still smiling.
Laura slams the table and raises her hands in triumph.
Good game, baby!
What's good, Lee?
Ha-ha!
She'll be so goddamn happy.
Arthur pushes back from the table and pulls a fresh police uniform out the hall closet.
Good.
Good.
Your mama still up?
Love you.
Good looking.
`Preciate ya.
Bina smiles and shuts the locker door.
Easy, easy now.
Watch your right hand side.
Good.
I'm getting better!! Can I drive back?
Hey, baby!
We better get going.
You can see the TV better.
Bina, nice to meet you.
We had fun.
You know she's workin' at the hospital now, yeah you'd be real proud of her.
You look good.
You look healthy, yeah you look real good.
It was nice talking to you.
Okay then, I'll help you.
Look um--I just wanted to say that last night...last night was amazing...thank you for-- Last night we were just playin' around, that's all.
This isn't me--I wasn't--I'm not ready for all this... Alike recruits the discarded stuffed moose and dances it around on the bed.
Reflexively, Arthur raises his hand at Audrey.
You want to say grace?
Heavenly Father... Dear Heavenly Father we pray... we pray thank you for this food and we pray... we pray for your continued blessing... Amen! Amen.
And you see I made those green beans you like.
Waaay out in Queens?
It was our first apartment, we were so proud.
Had all those trees around it?
Starts in the Spring.
I better-- Tell Mom that she was right.
I love you, Mom.
I said I love you.
Alike relaxes at a desk, reading from her notebook.
I am broken I am open I am Broken Open See the love-light shining through me Shining through my cracks Through the gaps My Spirit takes journey My Spirit takes flight Could not have risen otherwise And I am not Running I am Choosing Running is not a Choice From the Breaking Breaking is freeing Broken is freedom I am not broken I am free.
(mediocre Jamaican accent) Ya mon, Bahama-mama.
For the honeymoon.
We agreed on Wisconsin Dells for the honeymoon.
We agreed on the Dells.
Your mom was my best friend.
You gotta live a life here.
We agreed on the Dells.
That kind of prep is pure Lemke!
You lucky ducks are obviously seated in an exit row.
Oh, well you'll do awesome.
Great to meet you, Dave.
It's a good way of looking at it.
Thanks.
Awesome.
Well Bree, it's nice to meet you.
But let me give you a trade secret.
Nice chatting with you, Bree.
Well, welcome.
It's a super top-notch place, Mil.
I'm... Please.
Good luck to you all.
It was fun at first, but now it's like, I dunno.
And just, would you tell her I love her very much.
Marvelous.
You guys met?
Please.
It's been a super long day.
I, ah, better... Good night... (sings Hall & Oates) Whoa-o here she comes-- she's a man eater!
No, it's-- I love you so bad, babygirl.
Keep reminding me.
I love you.
Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 ... In Your Name we pray Lord Jesus, Son of God, Author of our Salvation, our Redeemer, our Truth.
Amen.
Hello, thank you.
I was the same way when I first came to ASMI.
I think you'd enjoy it.
We'll see ya.
Well, along comes an actuary.
And the actuary says, "Well, I'm meeting you MORE than halfway."
Come on bud, I was having fun.
(off Tim's look) This is a team event, like the Amazing Race.
And instead of a million dollars, the winning team gets a $75 gift card for Westdale, which is... Eastern Iowa's largest two-story mall.
Sweet.
I am super pumped!
Course this should be considered a fun event, in the spirit of team building.
So ready, set, race!
Good one, Dean-tard.
I've got a sweet laminator in my basement.
Right here-- Planet X Family Fun Center.
OK, Mom... Well.
Good Night.
What say we just use the gift certificate to get a nice supper here?
Thanks.
To victory.
To new friends.
And all the joys of living it.
Cheers.
Awesome.
Yeah well, you can have mine.
Awesome.
Beautiful kids.
Rich Fox.
Fun.
Fun day.
I want to make love!
Making love to you was just super... super awesome.
Cuddle?
Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 I love to cuddle.
So special...
(listens, sighs) No, no, no.
Love you, too.
See ya.
Good morning.
Thanks.
Have I not been a good President?
You're an awesome President... You're GODDAMN right I am!
But I don't know the first blessed thing about this PayPal deal.
Roger Lemke came to the prom.
Everybody wins... I'd be doing it for Northlands-- to keep it in Brown Valley and help my co-workers.
I'm good thanks.
Ooh, that's really awesome of you to ask.
But I have a super important presentation in the morning unfortunately, so...
Ten percent, as agreed.
Marvelous.
This is super, Orin!
(not missing a beat) Thanks.
Thank you.
I love you, Joan.
Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 Sleep good, little friend.
Cedar Rapids, 6-12-09 Oh shit... Sweet love showin' us a heavenly light.
I never seen such a beautiful sight!
I always wanna call you "friend!" Sweet love showin' us a heavenly... Careful.
It's super slippery.
Whoop.
Honest, good people.
At the end of the day, a man's word is a sacred creed.
Thank you.
Said the only real insurance is love.
Love.
It's a good thing you're doin'-- keepin' work in Brown Valley.
That's the point of insurance-- so we can live and love life to the fullest.
Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.
Help.
You smell good.
Thanks.
Come back! "Lucy in the sky with diamonds..." Daddy, where does the sky end?
If you and Mommy liked each other enough to have me, how come you're not together anymore?
I think she fell out of love with me.
We are very lucky, aren't we? Ice cream on the side.
You need a good sturdy school shoe.
Everyone will make fun of her.
NO ONE will make fun of Lucy.
Don't let her in the lunch room.
She likes these.
Thank you, thank you.
We are rich in friends.
That's what our fortune cookie said. 1, 2, 3, 4, quarters that makes one.
You got a good point.
You're a good reader.
I'm looking for a smart, good mother.
Good.
I got stories up the wazoo.
I'll tell you a nice story.
It's the first time in nineteen years I actually believe the guy when he says he didn't know she was a hooker -- You say that like it's a good thing.
No one doubts that you love your daughter, Mr. Dawson.
Now read the word.
It makes me happy.
I'm happy hearing you read it.
This is so great.
A new place.
They make better birds.
I'll have the fish special, side of potatoes, salad with Thousand Island Dressing, cherry pie, and... I'm sorry, sir.
We don't have a fish special.
"Once upon a time..." is how stories begin.
Get the best.
Thank you, Patricia.
Is it free?
...Lucy had an ice-cream cake with pink flowers - pink, not white not white...Lucy's favorite is cherry vanilla which is pink, too.
Cherries and vanilla.
Have a nice weekend.
First word, "apple".
First merry go-round ride.
Thank you for telling me not to give up.
They - Good.
Under the big tree.
The light is green!
Before you read your message press the red button for record, when you finish, press the yellow button.
Oh, yes.
That's a good code.
We'd love to show you our body work, but it's invisible.
No it is not my day it's your day.
I will - Thank you.
Yellow and green in one bowl.
It doesn't matter what I think - it matters that we win.
She had great instincts.
So your mother, this woman with the IQ of a nine-year old had the wisdom to recognize that you would be a great doctor.
You - He - There's - Oh yes there is!
Please.
Please.
So help me God...
What'd you get for your birthday?
I haven't opened my presents yet.
I opened my presents.
I thought you didn't open your birthday presents because you ran away from your own party when your best friend told everyone that you were adopted.
In my bed at the Foster home.
I thought you'd be proud of me.
Help me, God.
Help me, God.
Admirable qualities for a single father.
Short and sweet.
Short and sweet.
My aunt was short and sweet.
Lucy's very lucky.
No. How was your - This is my favorite part.
It was a shell of a good hit.
(bellowing) "Turtles in the half-shell, turtle power!" Rita! Come this is the best part.
Come watch the movie.
Bad? No. Very, very good.
That's a blessing.
You're so much prettier.
Doesn't she deserve a better life?
Like when you hit Lucy's friend at her birthday party?
It has to do with love, like she says... And I don't know where it's written that a woman has a corner on that market, that a man has any less of those emotions than a woman.
Right, "Kramer vs. Kramer."
Objection your Honor.
In my heart of hearts.
And you agree with everyone, you can't give her that?
Lucy in the sky...XXOO.
I love you, recorded September 11th, the day you took your first step.
Purple and green, purple and green.
What a...a lovely barrette, Mr. Dawson.
It will look great on Lucy.
I'm not coming to video night.
I can be your friend.
Well that's one way of looking at it.
So close to me?
You're the red in Lucy's painting.
You gave him a secret signal!
Thirty-three out of shape agents guiding the careers of 2,120 of the most finely-tuned athletes alive... (continuing) ... in this economy, sometimes emotions run a little high.
Two nights later in Miami at our corporate conference, a breakthrough.
I was remembering the simple pleasures of this job, how I ended up here out of law school, the way a stadium sounds when one of my players performs well on the field...
(The Future of Our Business) That's how you become great, man.
(self-effacing) Thanks.
I had started my life.
Monkeyface... monkeyface, listen... I'm not going to say it here.... no... (continuing) ... oh listen, I got you the perfect white shirt, at this out of the way place... no... quit trying to make me say it!
I love to flirt!
And have fun at your bachelor party.
I loved your memo, by the way.
I appreciate that, because some of that stuff... you know, it was two in the morning and...the part about "we should embrace what it is still virginal about our enthusiasm" (continuing) -- "and we should all force open the tightly-clenched fist of commerce, and give a little back for the greater good.".
I mean, I was inspired, and I'm an accountant.
Ray, don't spill my coffee.
Thanks.
Thanks, though.
A pleasure.
(laughing) Jerry, this is what intimacy is! Oh -- don't forget tomorrow we have dinner with Wade Cooksey.
Your buddy Dooler worked his ass off to make you a tribute film.
Everybody loves you.
Just calm down, relax, act surprised, and have an amazing time.
There is a seething wrongness at the edges of this party.
Oh, that'll really help this party!
(smoothly) The best commercial director in the business.
Everybody's having a great time.
You're both nuts -- the movie's great.
(wounded good sport) ... this is... uh... too funny...
(as in 'get ready') Marcee's here.
(continuing) How can I make your life better?
Pleasure.
That's New York Steak, baby.
And yet, nobody's giving me LOVE.
Are you catching my flow, here?
Excellente.
YES! -- now to recap, I want to stay in Arizona, I want my new contract, I like you, you're nice to my wife, I will stay with you, that's what I'm doing for you, but here's what you're gonna do for me.
Congratulations.
I'm starting a new company, and the fish will come with me and... you can call me sentimental.
(continuing; to fish) it's okay... it's okay... (continuing) But if anybody else wants to come with me, this moment will be the ground floor of something real and fun and inspiring and true in this godforsaken business and we will do it together!
(quietly, on her coffee mess) Wonderful... Dorothy Boyd! Thank you! (continuing) We will see you all again.
Ha ha.
Beer and tomato juice -- No thanks.
But'cha do have my word, and it's stronger than oak.
The new playhouse rocks, Dotty.
Well, I'm happy for you.
Happy for us.
Happy for us... okay.
Thanks.
(laughing) Yeah, Dotty.
This is when it's good, Jerry.
Enjoy it.
Love it.
And when I see you, I'm going to give you the best blow job of your life.
They do, my brother.
I think it's great you're taking him to the draft.
And you're safe.
Good.
Makes me love ya.
(grandly) Why don't you grab a couple pairs of them new Nikes by the door -- Dude, you're like a God.
Talking and saying nothing, man, it's an art I have not mastered.
You listened to Sugar?
(sympathy for Jerry) S' cool.
-- "I'll be out there cheering for you."
(they aren't) No. Okay, well, I'll be fine.
Man, I got a shelf life of ten years, tops!
What's my family gonna live on?
Honey, he's engaged.
'Night buddy.
Thank you.
Hi. (continuing) Thanks for inviting me over.
I'm glad you're home.
Better now than later.
Beer okay?
Yeah, thanks.
(surprised) Thank you.
Look, here's some of that chicken with salsa too, I warmed it up -- That's the girl I love.
Come on, let's get you another top -- Hi.
Be practical.
Let's talk about my wonderful life.
Yeah, man, it means love, respect, community... and the dollars too. The package.
Great word.
Hi baby.
Let's show them your pure joy of the game, let's bury the Attitude a little, let's show them -- (irritated) You're telling me to dance.
No, I'm saying to be -- (little voice) "Love me love me love me... put me on t.v." (pissed) That's the iconography of rascism, man!
I'm telling you to be the best version of you, to get back to the guy who first started playing this game.
Do your job, man, don't tell me to dance.
I'm happy to entertain you!
I'll see you in L.A.! See, man, that's the difference.
You think we're fighting, I think we're finally talking!
Dennis Wilburn called from Arizona to say he's faxing in the new Tidwell offer on Thursday morning, and you'll be happy.
(jolted into happiness) Happy.
Good.
Good.
Glad is good.
I'm relieved you said that.
(outdressed) Wow.
Good, that'll put him to sleep early.
We'll see you soon, honey.
Hey! (continuing) Forgot your keys -- (privately) That's the first time I ever saw him kiss a man, like a dad, wasn't that just... thrilling?
She's... (self-conscious) Yeah... well... She's great.
So why should I let this guy go, when everything in my body says This One is The One. Easy, hon, I was just looking for fun details -- Oh, well, why didn't you say so?
I love him, and I don't care what you think.
I love him for the guy he wants to be, and I love him for the guy he almost is.
I love him.
That was great of you this morning.
(friendly, dismissive) Look, let's just root for a big offer so we can move out of this room to a real office.
This is us, and we determine our worth.
You're a fine, proud, surviving, splendid black man.
I'm strong in my mind.
Promise.
(continuing) What -- Look, just in case this weekend becomes next month and next month becomes... whatever... (beat) Don't make a joke of your life.
You're better than the rest of them, better than the Bob Sugars, and don't forget it.
(continuing) Now go kiss your daddy, quick.
(interrupting loudly) Peace, my drunken brother.
How's your marriage?
I'll give it to you.
(unconvincing) Everything grew from there.
For love, you get married.
I'm happy to entertain you, as always, but I have a question for you.
(points) Heart.
Between friends.
Beautiful.
I go to see a so-called "black" film the other day -- (then) -- honey, no more salt for you, I don't want you dehydrated for Monday Night Football.
Why don't we call this next road trip what it is.
See, I've got this great guy who loves my kid -- (resolute, no tears) -- and he sure does like me a lot.
Thanks for coming.
Stay calm.
"Stay calm?"
Let's get you off the field!
One love... you got to share it... Jerry Maguire.
I love you.
Ladies and Gentlemen -- we will continue this at the Associates Meeting next Friday.
Thank you.
...Well, my wife has me between a rock and a hard place.
When I first met Marylin -- Well, we were crazy about each other.
Ardor cools.
And very sexy -- but -- there's a lot of it out there.
Has she pursued the opportunities which must present themselves to the "knock-out, sexy woman" you described?
He got Ann Rumsey that cute little island of George's.
We would like to offer these photographs into evidence...
She's going to Positano with your brother's family.
Positano is beautiful.
My client has ruled that out.
My client is prepared to entertain an amicable dissolution of the marriage without prejudice.
Ha Ha. (conceding the point) Heh heh.
Please.
I was married to Rex for a long time.
I was an excellent wife, a partner, a lover, a hostess and a friend.
Then I'm getting on with my life.
Thank you, Mrs. Rexroth.
Objection, your honor!
Your honor, this is harassment!
Mrs. Rexroth, have you ever been in love?
I loved my husband, Rex.
(To the Judge) Thank you, Your Honor.
We rest, Your Honor.
Yes, Your honor.
It was a gift from a client.
Thoity-six objections sustained, tree overruled; fawteen summary judgements sought, toiteen ranite, eighteen movments to voice fuh respondent's prejudice, eighteen ranite which is a hunnut pissent -- Twelve cawt days on the Rexrawt case alone; tree hunut'n twenty billable hours paralegal soivicies; four hunnut'n two billable associate counsel and consultative; six hunnut'n eighty billable at full attorney rate and eightyfive lunches charged.Counseluh, you are the engine that drives this foim Thank you Herb.
How lovely, uh --Marylin!
Miles, how nice of you to see us -- may I introduce Howard D. Doyle of Doyle Oil.
Coulda cut a better deal!
My wife still has health insurance and gets to see the children.
She was your best friend.
Well -- Marylin and Rex broke up and... Honey, I don't think this is really relevant to... ...and one day, this sweet girl calls me, asks me to lunch.
He's passionate.
Passionate!
Neither am I. Thank you.
And good-night.
I don't deserve to live.
That's right, Fuctard.
Anyway, thank you for letting me come here.
Thank you.
You have wonderful art.
I love that lithograph.
It was a gift.
Mom and brother.
She must be proud of you.
She loved me.
Congratulations Miles.
I loved the berry spoons.
Thank you.
(To Miles) You brought a pre-nup to our wedding?
I want this to be a marriage based on love, trust and community property.
(To Miles, with great affection) Quack.
Mom...? For the first time in my life, I stand before you naked... vulnerable... and in love.
Love.
But today, I am here to tell you: Love should cause us no fear.
Love should cause us no shame.
Love... is good.
Or should we seek to fan this precious flame -- this most precious flame -- back to loving, roaring life?
Should we meet our clients' problems with cynicism -- or with love?
For my part, I have made the leap of love, and there is no going back -- I'm sorry.
You married Marylin, didn't you?
HA HA HA.
They helped her.
And it's good!
But as a great and clever man once said, What's good for the goose -- Hi.
I want to have your baby.
I love it.
That's marriage.
You'd enjoy this.
if it is p'seeved as dancin' to the music.. -- of the hoidy-goidy.
Trust.
Marriage.
Well now you lissean me.
She's rich.
Oh Joe, be happy for us.
I knew you looked -- You were great -- we studied you.
You wanna best serve your clients?
No one will ever love me that way.
Sweet Jesus, are you crazy?
You know, sweets, he's right.
Here, buddy.
(Mumbles) Great.
Sweet.
But to get ahead in this world, you need more than fair looks and a kind heart.
SIR THOMAS smiles, `See?'
3 3 MARY, ten years older, and grown into a heavenly bride is in her room, surrounded by MAIDS and SEAMSTRESSES making final adjustments to her dress.
I'm so happy for George.
But what about your happiness?
I promise.
WILLIAM CAREY envelops MARY with his arms.. MARY (cont'd) I'm so lucky to have a man who is content with what he has.
WILLIAM CAREY smiles, looks at his gorgeous bride..
WILLIAM reaches for the wine.. WILLIAM (cont'd) Drink?
Inviting him to join her.
MARY smiles, in anticipation of pleasure.
WILLIAM (cont'd) Thank you.
15 15 Your Majesty, you are most welcome.
Should I? It would be a great honour, Sir.
A pleasure.
Charming.
And through here, the observatory.. Lovely.. What's that?
falcon, your Grace.
18 18 Well played!
And, may I say.. (a modest smile) ..an excellent choice of music too! nowing smiles from the COURTIERS, SIR THOMAS and LADY Sir Thomas, Lady Elizabeth, dear Anne.
Your health.
Cheers and applause from the COURTIERS.
..then he was flattering you, your Grace.
But enough to start a family.
29 29 Thank you again, Lady Elizabeth.
We'll take good care of your boy.. (kissing her hand) And Thomas.. You'll take care of that matter?
The King himself has secured you a position in the Queen's household.
That's the inner sanctum!
The way that girl behaved this week-end, she can count herself lucky she still has a home.
And our children are grown up? (comforting her) This won't last long.
(puts on brave smile) No! You're welcome to him.
The new Lady in Waiting.
Why would I be pleased?
But you cannot undo what has been done before God.
My God, if you were my daughter I'd thrash you within an inch of your life..
The boy will return to Northumberland - where he will marry the Talbot girl.
You know full well her friendship with the King is at an extremely delicate stage.
You will join the court of the French Queen.
I did it for your good.
For MY good?
a beat) That it was for MY good.
What reason have I to be happy?
ou have two men, the King of England and I, both fighting for your love.
And love you better than anyone here, too.
All around MARY the crowds part, and a deep voice booms out.
My name is Kindness.
our love, fair Lady.
You demand a great deal.
It is easy for a man to declare love from behind a mask.
Thank you, your Grace.
The KING of ENGLAND brings her a drink!
ENRY visibly unwinds, his facial muscles relax.
HENRY goes over to a pile of cushions, and flops down - and smiles at MARY.
One is currently in the King's bed.
G I do.
58 58 A formation dance is in progress.
At the centre of it: GEORGE dances with a radiant, triumphant JANE PARKER.
He hisses through a fixed smile..
For God's sake, it's the wedding of our youngest child attended by the King of England and the greatest Lords in the Land.
Would a smile be too much to ask? What's to smile about?
For the moment she's happy.
SIR THOMAS watches MARY who dances with the KING..
But will she be happy when he leaves her?
SIR THOMAS stares coldly at his wife.
He applauds as the dance comes to an end.
You're in love with him, aren't you?
He pleases me.
Thanks to you, I am to become an Earl.
EORGE smiles at MARY, who's eyes widen.. SIR THOMAS (cont'd) In addition, we have received a number of new grants and estates.
These `gifts', this `favour' can go as swiftly as it comes.
Pay her no heed.. 64 64 Happily, the baby lives.
But the most important thing is a healthy child.
I promise.
What we need is someone from OUR family who will keep the King focused on Mary, reminding him of her while she is absent.
To be blessed with G two such sisters.
Oh, yes.
Well, she's strong.
But with it comes great passion, too.
You will have a serene, happy, life with her.
Now close it again.
MESSENGER returning with the latest GIFT.
HENRY's smile 88 88 89 89 Your Majesty.
Your daughter.
ANNE's smile ENRY dashes up the stairs.. 91 91 Anne..
A (hurriedly dressing) Your Grace?
You received my gifts?
I have shown Mary enough kindness and generosity.
You liked her better.
ENRY goes on bended knee, kisses her hand, and goes.
All around them the violence and dramatic activity of the birth unfolding; but for all their connection with it, HENRY and ANNE might as well be in a rose garden.. Anne.. ANNE stares ahead at MARY's bed.. Anne, I love you..
Your Grace, this is not the time..
I love you Anne.
PHYSICIANS and MIDWIVES work to deliver the baby.
105 105 MARY lies in bed, her eyes open and staring blankly at the moon outside, as WILLIAM CAREY makes love to her.
106 106 Gorgeous sunshine.
Greenwich Palace at it's most beautiful.
Will you give yourself to me, now?
Forever reduced to meeting in secret like this.
Voices are raised.
Will you give yourself to me now?
throws hands up in exasperation) My love for the Queen may have died, but even you must concede, she is still very much alive.
A Katherine of Aragon is alive.
That woman is not worthy of the title `Queen'.
Wolsey has agreed to charge the Queen?
But that's wonderful.
Now it's ANNE's turn to start kissing HENRY round the neck.. hen you, my sweet Lord, will be free to remarry.
STAFFORD warms himself, staring at MARY's new baby daughter, (CATHERINE), in a a cot.
She's beautiful.
Thank you.
I brought gifts from your family.
A night-dress from your mother.
Please be sure to thank them - though one wonders what's kept them so busy that not a single one of them found time to visit the new baby.
(putting brave face on) Nothing.
MARY smiles, tenderly kisses YOUNG HENRY.
I did it that we may finally draw a line beneath everything that has happened between us.
A new start between us.
Thank you.
The QUEEN arrives.
ast cheers go up.
Screams of support and affection, `Long live Queen Katherine', `Our one true Queen'.
Well, I shall not.
Well, it was not.
Well I shall not.
Not in a thousand years, not if you rack me to within an inch of my life... (beat) I am Katherine, Queen of England, the King's one true wife, and mother of the heir to the throne.
I have loved all those whom you loved, and given you children though it has pleased God to take them away.
The King will take that as evidence of God's displeasure.
What? (blushing) Certainly not.. MARY gestures dismissively.. (flustered) In love!
A beautiful, healthy girl.
She stares at the baby.
Is the child healthy?
Finally.. Well, if we can have a healthy daughter, we can have a healthy son.
Hoping to console ANNE, MARY hands her beautiful new BABY over to her... ..ANNE takes the BABY in her arms.
The day before with the Countess of Salisbury.
From next door, the sound of raised voices.
I can't sleep at night!
Some nights he cannot do it...at all.
She stares ahead.
166 166 A simple farmhouse, nestling in a valley.
Inside: it's warm, inviting, idyllic.
Her hair is bedraggled.
She begins unbuttoning her dress.
Talking and laughing.
he sound of splashing gets louder.
A WOMAN's voice.
Winter has become spring.
178 178 A dance is in progress.
MUSICIANS play.
Her heart leaps.. ..I beg God's forgiveness and his mercy.. ANNE looks up to see the SOLDIERS reaching MARY, and handing her a letter.
ANNE smiles in relief.
A stunned calm descends on Tower Green.
A great, bloodthirsty ROAR echoes around Tower Green as ANNE's head is lifted aloft.. WILLIAM STAFFORD carries MARY in his arms.
They walk against the flow, of teaming CROWDS, and newly-arriving FAMILIES coming to watch the spectacle.. 202 202 SIR THOMAS BOLEYN sits by a window.
Staring out at the fields beyond.
The sound of children's laughter.
Excited shrieking.
MARY smiles, shielding her eyes from the sun.. CAPTION #4: "MARY's SON, HENRY, WENT ON TO BECOME CLOSEST FRIEND We CLOSE on YOUNG HENRY and ANNE's unmistakable red-headed daughter ELIZABETH.. That's what my Moms said.
Ball better than you.
Told you I was nice.
Camille, she'll be fine.
I'm going to be number thirty-two, like Magic.
One time Magic scored forty-eight points, and they only had six minute quarters and he sat out the whole fourth.
Ow! MONICA (cont'd) Ow, Lena!!! Ow! Ah, Mom.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Make it look nice, kay.
I want to ride my own bike.
What? (laughs) Last time they won, Dr. J. was a nurse.
"M", "A", "M", "A", how you think you got that way, your Mama, yeah, yeah, your Mama.
Well, can you give him this for me?
Give it yourself.
SHAWNEE (cont'd) Good Lord, look at that ass.
But you'd love for him to play at USC, like you did.
I'd love for him to get a good education.
You played good.
I was proud of you.
(smiles) Anyway, I gotta get to this meeting.
Let me take you to the Spring Dance and I promise I'll leave you satisfied."
So who you going to the dance with, Spalding?
That's it, give it your best shot.
Good.
They see you, they see dollar signs.
So what's going on with the Spring Dance?
And he's fine, girl.
Oh, great.
Trust.
You ever been in love?
I just want you to enjoy being beautiful.
Q, I like this song... See you made it.
JASON (cont'd) Yeah, high school was cool.
I mean, I'm having a good time with you... JASON (cont'd) So tell me what I have to do to make you have a good time with me.
You having fun?
It was on my bed when I came in.
QUINCY (cont'd) Congratulations.
I'm announcing tomorrow.
COACH MILLER (cont'd) But my philosophy is simple.
There's a lot of basketball history and pride here at USC, but just putting on the cardinal and gold doesn't make you a great player.
For the first time in your life, you won't be the best.
You'll be going up against women that are bigger and stronger and better than you ever imagined.
And finally, respect yourselves, respect your coaches and respect your teammates, right Sidra?
Thanks, Sidra.
You finish the reading for E-con?
Fine, Quincy.
I said fine.
You love to pose so much, let's see it again.
The women of Troy made it to the Sweet Sixteen last year and are returning four starters from that squad.
And many consider their recruiting class one of the best in the nation.
It's a long season, anything can happen, but one thing is for sure... It's gonna be awesome, baby! ...up and under between two defenders, with the left hand.
Cross-over's looking good, Quincy.
I'm also good enough to go pro.
Some girl that's been hanging on at every party.
(then) I'm giving her some space, couple days... Yo, Q-man, great game.
Thanks.
(then) And I'm standing there getting loud on my mom like she's the one with no sense...
Yo, great game.
Thanks.
Girl, you can play.
(then, to Quincy) Your girl was on tonight.
That's funny.
Thanks.
Look, this party's whack.
Congratulations.
Boy, you're so perfect you can look down on me?
Well, she was nineteen when she got pregnant and don't get me wrong, you're the best thing in my life, but she knew I wasn't ready for no marriage.
Well, I'm going to get dinner.
Talk to your new girlfriend.
Friends.
I'm gonna love winning this championship in your house.
They had me staying in this tiny-ass town with like fifty people.
It's better.
(smiling) I see your peach fuzz finally grew in.
No, it looks good.
I mean, it's cool.
Thanks.
Funny.
Kiss my ass.
You grew up together, right?
Congratulations.
Thank you.
That's great.
Thanks.
CAMILLE (cont'd) Your sister's bringing the baby over.
Engaged.
Find out where they're registered and send them a gift.
Four days.
Your rehab's going well.
To do what you love.
(beat) A horse? Don't make fun of me when I'm being wonderful and supportive.
It's good!
That a nice way of saying I rode the bench?
From basketball.
QUINCY (cont'd) Go Mommy.
That's the nice thing about modern technology.
-- I'm gonna teach you good.
Thank you, Cora.
My brave husband.
I'm clean.
Baby, I'm gonna put you on retainer.
I'm happy, Branca.
I like what I do.
It should be a banker, a businessman, someone who earns a decent living for his family!
We're happy.
An art gallery.
You've had your fun.
Let your family help you, Nico.
Go join the party...
He's beautiful!
On my mother's soul!
Red dress, lizard shoes -- It's okay, girl.
Mama Jax is here.
You try something anyway -- (smiles a moment) -- I know I'm not going to change the world.
You can see your client.
Nico is Mr. Charm, offering her a heart-shaped box of chocolates.
Your English is getting good... You're showing it off.
You were right, cabron.
Jackson joins them, weapon in hand.
I feel, and the whole department feels, extremely proud of your initiative and gallantry.
Nico's eyes meet Lieutenant Strozah's.
Assent from everyone.
A big smile and a hand on Father Genarro's shoulder.
Amen.
I feel better when I see Nicola in church.
HIGH ANGLE FROM ACROSS the street: neighborhood people dressed in their Sunday best fill the sidewalk, filing in for Mass.
As the churchgoers file in, we see families -- women, kids, babies.
I have you to thank for getting my son back into church!
It's amazing what shame can accomplish.
Father Genarro smiles and continues on toward the pulpit.
building to the finish of a hymn.
also singing, balancing baby Julian and a hymnbook.
sing with full gusto.
She cynically smiles at Nico.
Fragments of plaster, wood, and marble come blasting past Nico and his family!
(in Italian) Help the others!
(turns to his wife) Sara, get the baby and Mama * outside.
The aftermath of the blast.
Machete Man glances back at Nico, starts out -- tightrope-style -- across the two-by-fours.
MUSIC ENDS.
Thank God you couldn't find your shoes.
(into phone) This better be good, Jax.
Nico is chilled.
The others shrink.
Nico puts his hand on her shoulder, comforting her.
I can help him.
Well, I'm not done.
Nico agrees.
The men are cool, professional.
with SCORE and V.O.
She picks up a framed photo from a piano: the dead Senator's aide posed smiling beside a distinguished-looking man (Senator Harrison) in front of the capitol building.
So good to see you again, sir! (shakes Nico's hand) Come back near closing... five- thirty... we'll place your order then.
But Ornstein's at Princeton, he's got a database bigger than Langley -- (works keyboard lovingly) If I can't crack that turkey's code, it's time to hang up my rock and roll shoes -- Nico watches Watanabe work.
Jackson moves to join him.
Nico's eyes meet his partner's.
Now! Nico bolts for the stairwell to the roof, clawing for a new clip as he goes.
Thank you, Mr. Carlucci.
I trust you will give my love to my niece, Rosa.
Hugs, goodbyes.
He squeezes Sara's hand, she joins the crowd swelling * toward the boarding door -- An Air Canada PLANE BLASTS skyward.
He raises his hands.
I want him alive!
Zagon follows.
He is cleaned up, wearing a fresh shirt, his hair combed.
Zagon watches Nico's reaction as the tools of the inter- rogator's trade come into view -- drug vials, syringes, scalpels, surgical tools.
I've used these little beauties many times to extract information -- (lifts a needle to the light) -- This'll be the first time I've ever used them... just for fun.
Fight it, cherry.
God help him.
(kisses them, lightly) Deadly little things.
The Gang of Two? (smacking his hand, laughing:) Stop it!
We've already done the interesting part.
Here I was, finally getting a feel for a new tongue - Four o'clock.
M will meet you in the conference room.
(hanging up:) Tsi tien, Chien-penny.
Good afternoon, Professor Wu.
Good afternoon.
But I did enjoy the dress rehearsal.
Coming up: (mortise shot of:) Valentin Zukofsky's stunning victory in the Ukrainian Presidential elections... (mortise shot of:) Live coverage of the latest HNN communications satellite launch from Xichang (shi-chung) China...
And - (mortise shot of:) A special report on the situation in Hong Kong, since the Chinese take- over from Great Britain.
(beat, aside:) We've all read about the signs at the British swimming pools in Hong Kong that said "No Ghurka's allowed."
(stifles a smile, then:) In conclusion: Both these men have a vendetta against the world.
Thank you Colonel Everhart.
(stands, turns to:) 007, I'd like to see you in my office.
Yes, M. Interesting presentation.
Interesting video tape.
That his Scottish ancestors practically invented Hong Kong - and out of sheer gratitude, Queen Victoria herself named the port "Aberdeen Harbor" in their honor?
(a beat, then:) I'm sending you to Venice, 007.
How will I meet the informant?
He's also a major contributor to the party.
Retirement gift from his friends at the CIA.
Meet me at the Church in five minutes!
I give this boat to mankind - selflessly - in pure charity asking nothing for myself...
The maiden voyage begins tonight.
It's free.
Elliot Harmsway, I want to introduce you to an old friend - (putting out a hand to shake) The name is Bond.
Always nice to meet one of her Majesty's fellow subjects... (a nod to Valentin) Especially one with such distinguished friends.
(chortling) 'Biggest followers?'
It's a beautiful boat, Sir Elliot.
(smiles) I can tell you're a man with an eye for exquisite possessions, Mr. Bond.
(signaling off camera) Darling!
DiGIACOMO Elliot Harmsway: Under the auspices of the Italian government, I, Franco DiGiacomo - (pauses; smiles at a camera; POP!
Please.
Go upstairs, and enjoy the reception.
A large craft - XX,OOO tons.
Start the pumps!
Coming up, sir! Get those pumps working!
Most of the crew never made it to their life jackets.
Lovely night for a shipwreck, isn't it?
How fascinating!
I bet you meet all the most fabulous people.
Is the helicopter ready?
Good.
I have an excellent teacher.
Good morning Sir Elliot!
Excellent.
Good.
(off their laughter) Next?
I am not here, ol' buddy.
Hey - the world is my office.
Next morning.
(chuckles) My 90 year old grandfather thinks 'Ghost in the computer - Silicon Dragon.' (smiles, standing to leave) I appreciate your time - Maybe you should talk to Sidney Winch.
Nice to run into you again.
Let's not make it a habit.
Good morning!
Good morning.
We're close.
Thank you.
I got here first.
I'm to bring you right up.
Nice to see you.
It's funny, Mr. Bond.
(forcing a smile) ...And what's that, my dear?
Good-bye, darling.
I'm a British secret service agent.
He was my father's best friend!
Thank God! He's crazy!
Help me up.
They're not to leave this building alive!
(Bond lets go a blast) What do we do now?
We'll go down close to the sky bridge.
Excellent.
Fantastic.
Invite the crew on deck to celebrate, and I'll be up in a few minutes.
Life is not fair.
Thank you.
-4- It's a cute story.
What'11 you give me?
You can't send Rita out on a story like this.
It's a big story.
A magical world.
No, Larry and I don't care but I thought you might, so I booked you at a very nice bed and breakfast on Cherry Street.
Great.
That's great.
Making the talent happy.
Will you be my love slave?
Whatever I can do within reason.
Why don't you ditch Larry and let me take you someplace nice?
You're a little intimidated by me, you're all excited about the shoot tomorrow, you want everything to go just perfect.
Tomorrow will be great.
I'll see you in the morning.
That's right, rodent lovers!
Come on, buddy.
God, it's good to see you! Hey, what're you doing for dinner?
They're born nice.
Good start.
(to himself) Nice going guys.
That's right, rodent lovers!
Febr uary second--Groundhog Day! Okay.
Is that the Italian dessert with the brandy and the chocolate mousse?
It's Groundhog Day! Hey, Phil! Phil! Phil Connors!
First shot right out of the box.
Now it's funny you should mention your health 'cause you'll never guess what I do.
It's not very scientific, but it sure is fun.
It was good.
Thanks.
It's like today never happened.
ready, Larry.
Most of my work is with couples and families.
Having a good time?
I'm having a great time!
Why thank you.
What makes you so special?
(stares at her for a long moment) "There was a young man from Na n t uc k e t-- " That's really funny.
Taking pleasure in the little things.
Yeah, well, that's where I come in.
But you have a good time.
Isn't it a wonderful collection?
Sounds wholesome.
Close.
C'mon, I'll buy you a cup of coffee.
I guess I want what everybody wants-- you know, career, love, marriage, children.
Doing stories on the Punxsutawney groundhog is not my ultimate goal.
I'd have to see it to believe it.
That was great.
Same for me, please.
-66- Same for me, please.
To world peace.
To world peace.
What is "Twelfth Night."
Just remember/we had a wonderful day together once.
Good job.
He smiled at me.
What! Lovely ring.
Thanks.
Well, who don't?
You're wonderfully generous; you're kind to strangers, and children; and when you stand in the snow, you look like an angel.
If you still don't bel iev e me, listen-- B u t , Phil-- -89- Listen!
This is great.
You were an animal.
Good.
Good.
One to be a great journalist.
One to be the wild woman of Borneo.
What I was going to say was, I think you're the kindest, sweetest, prettiest, most wonderful girl I ever met in my life.
That's good.
In my dream you loved me as much as I loved you and we didn't have to say anything but I knew you understood everything.
Good-night, Rita.
Good-night, Phil.
(surprised, mutters) Yeah, great.
Sounds good to me.
Good work.
"Winter slumbering in the open air wears on his smiling face a dream of Spring."
Groundhog Day, February second, also known as Candlemas Day or the Feast of the Purification of the Virgin Mary, the day Mary first came to the temple for ritual blessings following the birth of the infant Jesus, and celebrated since the Middle Ages by the sacramental lighting of candles.
Wow, that's nice.
Congratulations.
still shoveling put the highways, but if you're walking, it's a beautiful day.
I love those guys.
She loves me.
Phil! Good morning!
I wanted to thank you.
So you'd better make the most of the time you've got.
Well, for once I agree with t he prosecutor.
Oh joy!"
(he' s won) Another gratifying day serving Justice.
Hey great job, Mr. Reid.
-Because a couple of reporters want to interview you about your big win today.
Well, it was good seeing you-- You know, Ethel and I had a blast at our last little get- together.
I'm taking Max to see wrestling-- We love wrestling.
Promise.
Great!
I love it.
You get paid to win.
Great tie! .
We're having a party and everything.
I'm sure your dad'11 give you something wonderful.
You're going to love it.
Oh, there's a surprise.
You're a saint.
I ' m on vacation.
This is your fifth week. . .
(checking watch) As if I don't have anything better to do than bow and scrape at her royal perfumed p artner feet.
It's New England.
Did you have fun?
Big fun.
Manly fun.
It was fun.. (re: Audrey) So how were the wrestling matches ?
Did you have fun?
My happy birthday man!
Look what dad got me! (shows the glove) Whoa! Great!
It'll be great.
(to Fletcher) Great birthday present, dad! (makes a fist) When is it his birthday?
Max's birthday?
Max's birthday.
myself that the eighteenth is Max's birthday.
This is good.
Thank you.
Good for you!
I ' m so grateful I have an attorney I can trust.
You're good.
You're really good.
Captain Fuzzy is my name, Making children happy is my game, With a shake and a juggle, And a big belt buckle, You'll all be glad I came.
He'll love it there.
Well, I've fallen in love with this beautiful woman in L.A. and she doesn't want to leave and I won't leave without her... Well, thank you very much... Yes, good-bye.
We're getting ready to cut the cake.
I've had better.
Good morning, Fletcher.
Fine, thank you.
Yes, Your Honor.
Yes, Your Honor.
Fine , fine.
(to judge, with Your Honor, I ' d like a continuance!
I don't think so, Your Honor.
Against my advice, he's willing to offer her a cash settlement of.two
When attorneys go to sleep at night, they dream of having a case as strong as hers.
How's you client's story?
The best that money can buy, Y o u r Honor.
We have evidence that you are not going to-believe.
Thanks for clearing that up.
Having sex.
Why don't we take it from the top.
Please.
An innocent kid - - a heartfelt plea-- a birthday wish!
Mr. Reid it'would be wonderful for the children to hear something positive about lawyers!
Thank you.
So what do you do? (growing more and more impatient) I help people fight over their money and their children.
To marry a younger woman.
We're gonna play together.
When Mommy was pregnant with you, she gained a little weight.
So I'd say, "Oh, honey, you're beautiful, you're glowing.11
He loves you.
I've seen y ou together.
You're his hero.
Last night at his birthday party, he made a wish.
Thanks to guys like you-- he won.
Ah, Fletcher, so nice to bump i nto you.
Good.
How delightful!
It's good to see you again, Fletcher.
Marvelous!
Marvelous!
That's what I love most about this firm-- the collegial atmosphere, the hearty good- fellowship!
And thanks for those flowers for my anniversary.
My wife loved them.
(to Falk, with Did you and Mrs. Cole ever make lo-- forni-- roll in the h-- make the beast with two ba -- Did you two ever fu-- fu-- Fu! Wate r! Get him water!
A madman, Your Honor..
Splendid.
I admire your courage, Mr. Reid.
Great.
I'm looking forward to it.
It takes everyone by surprise.
' Your Honor, he's badgering the wintness!
I have no further witnesses, your Honor.
No! I'm contesting custody.
But -- but -- you said he was a good father.
I promise.
(re: the I love kids.
(pats Fletcher on Congratulations, partner.
We want to win!
Winning and finding out you're left with nothing!
The truth is is that I've traded my life...a beautiful wife, an incredible son for THIS PISS (the judge is turning beet You just killed your career.
Yeah, thanks for the great game, Max.
Honey, don^t say that.
It's so shiny and new.
(to Mr. Allan) I've got ten years worth of dirt on you and this firm, and I'm in the kind of mood today to get a lot off my chest.
You're saving my life, Philip.
I ' d never hire a new accountant.
-- Hey!! Hey!!!!
Don't shoot me, I'm friendly.
How do you say "Come here, baby.
It's a fortune box.
I'm gonna have Delayed Map Syndrome when I finally get out of here.
Iraq is the pink thing.
Thanks, man.
They finally start the ground war, and where are we?
Damn, this is sweet.
Hold on boys and girls...hold on... Yeah! Welcome to beautiful Iraq.
Land of enchantment and riches.
Cool it, Jaeger.
I'd settle for being alive.
Alive would be fine.
But that's the great thing about Gold.
I'm going to be so sweet.
Oh, that's fun.
It's not about being fun.
That's freedom.
And I'm talking about enjoying myself.
We can see them, they can see us.
You're cool, boy.
Wes is right.
I can see it on the recon photo.
It's the treasure, that's what it is.
It better be.
That's a sweet deal.
Well, it's Iraq.
Neither of them've got much love for Saddam.
Me and Jaeger'll climb down, and see what we can see.
Sun's going down.
It's giving.
Let's bed down for the night and head out at first light.
We started this together, and we're staying together, so there's no point in splitting things up now.
He's got rocks.
A lot of good you are now, Epps.
First Wes, now you?
I'm glad it didn't come to that.
We're your friends."
Oh sweet, Jesus.
Oh, man, this is good.
Sun rises in the East.
We keep going, that's what we do.
give.
Give it to me!
Looks like at the end of the day we finally find out who's better than who, don't we, Epps?
But... We had a deal.
Thanks.
You didn't go money simple like me and Wes.
And you've been fair too.
Everything's fine.
ED MAVOLE, crowded into space designed for four -- Yo Melvin.
As a charter member of the Lucky Sperm Club your benefits include unlimited suck-up from High-ranking Officers hoping to curry Congressional favor for their future career moves.
Like Edmonds in Korea, Holderman in Viet Nam, Raymond Shaw was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor.
yellowing newspaper clippings and wire photographs of Raymond Shaw.
Marco sits at a clearing on the tiny kitchen table, eating instant noodles and trying to read Prizzi's Honor.
Darling, what were you going to do, make me stand out there like room service?
Honestly, I don't understand why you insist upon isolating yourself, people adore you, Raymond, they crave your company and yet here you are, holed up, as if you were some kind of emotionally challenged individual like your father instead of Raymond Prentiss Shaw, a handsome, intelligent, people-loving war hero with a great deal to offer to his party and his country.
Honey, you're oversimplifying things somewhat -- but, yes, okay -- I promise, promise I will stay out of it.
Raymond stares at her.
Raymond smooths his hair back down.
I've always said I am not a professional politician, although I hold, and have been held -- well, hugged -- in elected office -- (a winning smile:) -- you all know my mother, Senator Eleanor Prentiss Shaw ... A CHORUS of cheers, and appreciative laughter -- he's won them over already -- 8/18/03 18. Marco, on the sofa, stares hard at the televised Raymond Shaw, as: ... and some of you no doubt remember my father ... the late Senator John Shaw.
We don't need your blessing, but we'd like it.
Brilliant.
When I sleep, I dream.
Raymond Shaw is probably the kindest, bravest, warmest --most selfless human being -- most selfless human being I've ever ... you've ever known.
Festive champagne brunch.
Huge, graphic banners declaim the campaign slogan: SECURE TOMORROW and the ticket: ARTHUR- An elegant ALL-WOMAN HARP ORCHESTRA plays new-age patriotic music, and a thick crowd of WEALTHY PARTY INNER CIRCLE members jostle between elegant food stations, or cue up for thirty seconds with presidential-hopeful Robert Arthur.
That everybody matters.
I devour everything in my path, darling, top or bottom, you know that.
...to join a lively group of corporate heavyweights.
DAVID DONOVAN is a man possessed of a commanding presence, radiating charm, brilliance and stealth.
J.B. (JAY) JOHNSTON is younger than the others, a three-sport letterman who graduated with distinction from Princeton and happily works until there's no one left in the office to give instructions to.
Ellie greets Whiting with a fondness she reserves for old friends -- as a former Tyler Prentiss protege, he now stands comfortably at the fertile crossroads where big industry meets big government, and profits soar.
Congratulations, Raymond.
Your grandad would be so goddamn proud of you.
Nice to see you Mark.
Thanks.
The following flows, overlapping, easy:Raymond, this is J.B. Johnston, from Manchurian Global Yes, hi -- -- and David Donovan, their Managing Director.
Raymond flashes a dazzling Kennedyesque smile, as the men chuckle appreciatively.
Raymond's secret service agent, ANDERSON slips himself between him, smiling politely, easing Marco away: Tried the Pad Thai, Major?
One dream, over and over.
Garret and Howard trade looks.
While men of lesser promise and inferior talent have enjoyed the fruits of those campaigns and moved beyond you?
(about Raymond) Dontcha love this guy?
Frog and Toad Are Friends.
Good night.
Stars but no moon -- Marco closes the book, opens another journal.
Smiling.
Laurent was a dream.
Maryland's a beautiful state.
But, Maryland, it's a beautiful state anyway.
Thanks.
Bullet hole in his forehead and a small, lost smile.
Ha ha.
Among the racks of equipment are two primate-sized stainless-steel beds with restraints and I.V. trees waiting.
Do you ever dream about Kuwait?
(pleasantly:) I didn't.
-- and Raymond's staring at the notebook without taking it, the way Marco once did with Melvin.
Anderson and Mirella -- the staffers in the office -- are all staring at Marco the same way the Boy Scouts once stared at Melvin.
And he's a fine soldier and ... my friend.
This is why voters love you.
Doesn't it look yummy?
He was a good man.
He's free to go? Shaw won't press charges, and he's got juice with important friends.
He's had considerable success with GWS -- I want you to get your affairs in order and report to him for evaluation and treatment first thing Monday morning.
Rosie smiles.
Beautiful.
I came home Friday.
(smiles) That's right.
(then) You said you "loved" me.
(audio surveillance tape) You said you "loved" me ... ...
Black helicopters, secret laboratories, mind drugs, mad scientists, shock-torture ...
It sounds crazy.
Secret Service, they've got him on a couple of their watch and observe lists.
A limousine pulls up in front, followed by a car full of Secret Service.
The low murmur of Jordan's voice, then INCREDULOUS LAUGHTER: Lies.
A great American.
Rosie bucks -- gets a hand free -- SLUGS, Marco, and they tumble off the bed in a tangle of blankets and limbs -- comes up holding a 9 mm revolver to Marco's forehead.
It's clean.
I've been having the dreams, Ben.
That's good.
Good?
The Major is an excellent marksman.
She takes his shirt off a hanger, he stands up, and she starts to dress him -- I'm sure you will never entirely comprehend this, darling, and I know, the way you are right now, this is like trying to have a whimpered conversation with someone on a distant star ... but it must be said, Raymond -- I did this for you -- so that you could have what I could not, what your father didn't want -- what your grandfather dared to dream possible -- She runs her hands through his hair.
(beat) That's when Mark Whiting came to me with talk of extraordinary scientific breakthroughs ... Attitude adjustment ... Reconciliation ... Greatness.
We're going to save this country in the hour of its greatest need.
How much you look like my father, now -- you have his hands, and you hold your head in the same proud way.
And when you smile it's like I'm a little girl again, and -- (impulsively kisses him) When you smile -- when you smile -- All clear.
Other p.a.'s and assistants hold: "First Lady Arthur", "Arthur Kids", "Friends of Bob".
Crowd cheering.
Now music -- MUSIC starts: that lush, full orchestral rendition of "Here Comes the Sun" that sweeps through the ballroom.
change to rippling American Flags -- Music swelling, the room exploding with color and celebration, lights flaring, side walls alive with iconic American images -- The raucous crowd starting to CLAP in rhythm -- people CROONING along with the song's chorus, as -- people waving, hugging dancing -- more super-insiders joining the throng onstage, shaking hands, high-fiving -- waving, staring up into the lights ... searching.
turns and smiles at his mother.
-- Ellie, stunned -- painfully aware that the eyes of the world are on her -- and Raymond moving, taking his mother's hands -- inviting her to dance.
They swirl off to the music -- perfectly centered in Marco's sights, but then -- -- Raymond and Ellie glide in front of Marco's target -- lingering in Marco's eyeline, Raymond stares up into the scope -- eyes trusting, urging, as if he's saying: now -- -- then ARTHUR IS ALONE AGAIN, in the center of the crosshairs, waving and grinning at the ROARING CROWD like a man who's just been elected President, but -- -- MARCO's crosshairs SWING OVER, finding RAYMOND AND ELLIE again -- looking into Raymond's eyes ... follows his gaze up into the dazzling glare of the stage lights -- first shadow of doubt crawling across her -- They're right in Marco's cross-hairs.
President-elect Arthur vanishing in a phalanx of Secret Service.
His arm is in a simple sling.
PULL BACK as they walk down the beach to the sea.
He stares at them- innocent and doe-eyed with a big smile on his face.
Are you a happy little boy Steven?
Steven smiles and nods.
Steven awaits, smiling.
We're still gonna love you, you're still gonna be our happy little boy and you're still gonna-- You're adopted.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 3. Shut up!
Amen.
Then- "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 6.
Amen.
Amen.
In moments, they are rocking with the gentle rhythm of everyday sex.
Yeah, um, well I don't know- I swear honey- getting around the system's so easy.
Well let's go! Well hold on- let me finish.
My goodness Steven, that's wonderful.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 9. Elizabeth City?
You were young.
Mommy please- let me finish.
What I came here to say is, I forgive you because none of us is perfect but now with a fresh start we can build -- She SLAMS the door in his face.
I got a great job and got to living the American Dream.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 11.
Good, good, good... good.
Virginia Beach.
Got back into the family business.
Great benefits, too.
Thank you.
These are gorgeous.
(big smile) Finest in the land... It's called `field buying'.
I could clear three thousand dollars in a good week doing that.
Yes? Well Steven it's beautiful.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas.
Hi Debbie! "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 21.
Good.
Did you get the gifts?
You're welcome!
Well... it's not Christian.
Well I never thought about it that way... Mommy look!
Morning Steven.
You have visitors.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 23.
I can't... Okay-okay calm down.
That'd be great.
God Bless!
Glad to help.
Him, yeah... he's at peace.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 32.
Pleased to meet you Steven Russell, my name's Phillip Morris.
Ohhhhh, she sounds so sweet... "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 34.
(then) I think I'll be sure to write her back and tell her I'm not lonely anymore... that I made a good friend.
I just want you to be happy, baby.
You are so amazing!!! Cleavon- put this in.
Promise?
Dance.
Well come on in.
Rise and shine!
Get up! "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 45.
I love you!
I love you too! We'll be together soon!
I promise!
I love you so much.
Phillip, you are the sweetest, most gentle man I have ever met.
It would be my pleasure.
It's a beautiful fixture.
Oh... (then) Your Honor, Ms. Mixon engaged Mr. Gage service in good faith and was given an inferior product.
The truth is, defendant engaged my client for three years without full payment.
Your honor, I don't have to tell you that none of this is admissable or applicable to the case at hand.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 55.
This scores with the judge.
I did great!
Thank you.
I'm so proud of myself!
I'm paying!! Oh my God, it's amazing.
That birthday cake you got me in the pen?
But how? "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 58.
And the next day, bedtime, there they were.
The dialogue continues on the beach as we finally see Steven and Phillip enjoying the sunset by the light of a small fire on the beach.
Phillip smiles, eyes never leaving the sunset.
Don's bellyaching about how big your Christmas bonus is gonna be because you're making him so much money.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 66. Uh... engaged.
Well where is she, sweetheart?
These are ready for Dan ... Thanks Steven.
You doin' good?
Vera EXPLODES with laughter.
That's the thing about the back nine at Pebble Beach.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 67.
CUT TO REVEAL he's doodling pictures of SMILEY- Steven refills his mug of coffee while in the background, two SECRETARIES dish.
She laughs LOUDER than the woman listening to the joke.
They both laugh loudly now as Steven exits.
(to cook) Mushroom and cheese.
Steven laughs a COURTESY Yeah that's a good one... "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 68.
Contented with the result, he puts the everything away in a small BLACK LEATHER BAG containing INSULIN and Steven passes by in the BACKGROUND with a brand new bag of golf clubs.
Good luck! "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 69.
Steven, Lindholm and two CLIENTS are at the first tee.
He does his best recollection of a warm up and hits the ball.
This is easy!
How ya like that, sister!? Steven and the Client amble along a few yards behind Dan and the other client.
The man laughs to himself.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 70.
Steven nods and begins to leaf through various folders.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 71.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 76.
Steven whistles happily and takes a draw off his coffee mug.
Finally, Steven spots Birkheim leaving his office.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 77.
He stares at it a moment.
Thank you.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 78.
Good.
Good.
Ha-ha.
He's good.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 79.
I love you both and I'll call you soon.
INTERCUT with Lindholm on the phone, with Birkheim in the background, spreadsheets in hand.
Oh, that's nice Dan.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 86.
Thanks Mom.
She kisses both Jimmy and Steven.
You're the love of my life.
You're sweet... but no, I'm not.
You're gonna be so happy.
And I know you don't think so, but you deserve to be happy... You're not thinking clearly baby.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 87.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 88.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 89.
He sits up, pleased and very excited.
He pulls out his IV, hops out of bed and heads for the window when- "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 90.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 97.
It was for your own good.
You made me an accomplice!
Please.
Please.
Please.
Steven looks into Phillip's soul.
I love you.
Until finally, he's had enough.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 99.
From the moment we met, you've done nothing but lie.
How can I love you?
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 100.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 101.
Mmm hmm... "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 108.
I'm looking for AIDS patients for a study we're... "I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 110.
It reads: "MONDAY, The calendar reads "FRIDAY, MARCH 13" An ORDERLY enters with a WHEELCHAIR.
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 111.
He lifts a GREASY BROWN BAG into view.
Thank God.
Phillip stands frozen before Steven Funny, huh?
"I Love You Phillip Morris" Green Pages 5-23-08 112.
Phillip is listening.
OK, nice and easy.
(smiles at Nicole) I've got nothing to say to you.
Ready, Nick?
That's great, man.
Beautiful.
Ready, Nick?
Thanks.
Thank you.
Everyone relax.
You're doing great.
OK, listen up.
Listen, I've got to tell you, I had a lot of fun last night, really, but for me, where I'm at right now in my life, a relationship is... Chad; hold it.
Good.
That's great, man.
And I just want to tell you, I'm really happy we can work together.
You're a great director, man.
And I'm gonna be watching you, buddy.
Good.
Good.
I'm going to give it to him right during lunch.
Good.
Admired?
Well, then: loved.
How does that sound?
I've loved you from the moment we met.
(finally moves to his mark) Why didn't you tell me?
Great.
It's a great scene, man.
No, I mean it's a love scene.
And we want to see that, especially in the kiss.
Good.
Admired?
Well, then: loved.
How does that sound?
I've loved you from the moment we met.
(intimate) Thank you.
You start on a Close-up of Damian, watch me here; as she declares her love, the camera moves with me into this primo two-shot that you and the Wolfmeister have set up here.
Thanks.
My pleasure.
So am I. He's wonderful, isn't he? Chad?
Thanks, buddy.
Good call.
Are you ready, Nick?
Admired?
I've loved you since the day we met.
You look great, man.
No, you look good.
Alright, guys; special effects today.
This is your baby.
A little laugh?
OK? Good.
Good.
I laughed.
Remember; you're marrying Damian tomorrow.
Good.
Yeah, well, I don't want it hand- held.
Good.
OK, Ellen, good.
A laugh.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Mom! Cora Reve, R-E-V-E.
But it's not really a good time.
No. Now come on, Mom.
Everyone stand by.
You're a fantastic actress.
Ready, Nick?! Ready!
How was the sound?
Mom, you kook!
You were great, you're a natural.
And Nicole, that was beautiful.
Alright everyone, listen up.
It's for the sound, Mom.
We have a new category this year: Best Film Ever Made by a Human Being.
And the winner is none other than my Best Bud, Nick Reve! Had any experience?
I love you, Wolf! Please!
I love you!
I love you, Wolf!
What I love about you, Chad, is you're not afraid of my power.
I love your power.
To my favorite professor at Film School whose parting advice to me was to take a job teaching at a women's college.
Art Department!
You the new guy?
Most of them evil We've got your basic beautiful people.
(continuing) To the right, we have the Coffee Kids.
(continuing) Derek - save some for after lunch, bub? (very stoned) Michael, my brother, peace So where do you fit in all this?
Lookin' good, ladies.
(re her dress) The vintage look is over, Kat.
I'm sure William has some friends.
Hello, precious.
You're in school for one day and you ask out the most beautiful girl?
I teach her French, get to know her, dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me.
Exactly Oh, hey, nothin' man Purely good will on my part.
Well, you know -- there's the prestige of the job title... and the benefits package is pretty good... Fine.
Be proud, sister.
That's because it's such a nice one.
Two legs, nice rack... Yeah, whatever.
(proudly) Good run, Stratford.
Nice ride.
Vintage fenders.
As a gentleman You're sweet.
That's where we can help you.
A golden opportunity.
He's the ultimate kiss ass.
Good, 'cause I'm not gonna bother if you won't be there.
It's her favorite band.
I'm likin' you guys better (continuing) This is really music?
(continuing; excited) Oh my God, does this mean you're becoming normal?
Has he importun'd you with love in honourable fashion?
We took bathes together when we were kids.
Nice to see you.
That was a New Guinea Peaberry, you Folger's-crystals-slurping-buttwipe.
Funny, you're the only one (high-fiving a jock) Moose, my man! (to Cameron) Ranked fifth in the state.
(with a Jamaican swagger) Ziggy, peace, bra.
(continuing) Follow the love, man Where did he go?
Evening, ladies.
I believe we share an art instructor Great Would you mind getting me a drink, Cameron?
But hey, you're making progress.
Queen Harry?
Neat... My agent says I've got a good shot at being the Prada guy next year.
Dr. Bonchowski is great an all, but he's not exactly relevant party conversation.
You don ' t think I can be "cool"?
You act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.
You're welcome.
Cute A bunch of us are going to Jaret's house.
Kat, babe, you were on fire.
Well now, did everyone have a good weekend?
(beat) Oh, yes (continuing) I'd like you all to write your own version of Shakespeare's Sonnet #141.
(reading; in his Rasta stoner drawl) In faith, I do not love thee with mine eyes/ For they in thee a thousand errors note/ But 'tis my heart that loves what they despise/ Who in despite of view is pleas 'd to dote.
It was big fun.
Cool pictures.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart, courage to make ' B love known?
That's a direct quote She just needs time to cool off I'll give it a day.
She kissed me.
Don't talk to me about the sweetest date.
(unconvinced) Oh, good.
Hey, sweet cheeks.
You 're so -- Pleasant?
And didn't I go and shout it when you walked into the room --" (continuing) " I think I love you I " Nice song, Verona.
There are far more hideous acts than off-key singing being performed by the student body on a regular basis.
Thank you, Mr. Chapin.
(smiling) C'mon.
The Partridge Family?
Good call.
This endless ...blonde babble.
Thank God!
What good stuff?
(continuing) that's cool to say.
They'll dance, they'll kiss, they'll come home.
Kissing?
I'm the only sophomore that got asked to the prom and I can't go, because you won ' t.
(looking away) Honey, you look beautiful!
Wow Let's go.
(to Bianca) Have a great time, honey!
Who? William - he asked me to meet him here.
(to Patrick) Good sir.
Joey Dorsey is only after one thing - - your cherry.
It'll be fun.
Funny.
Was it fun?
You've had me on the bleachers for years.
He's screaming at the sky, but no sound is coming out.
I married late in life.
Please.
So you had your reasons.
Nick smiles, eases his face to her belly.
That baby's coming out.
What? (hollering) Glad it's once a year.
Take lunch.
* Nice evasion.
Thanks.
But you're very pretty.
* Clyde reaches for the gun, pries open Darby's fingers, pulls it from his grasp... revealing the TINY NEEDLES that sprang from the pistol's grip into Darby's palm.
Darby stares at his perforated palm.
Fascinating stuff.
No. Played much better in my head.
My heart's beating.
Let's start tomorrow after a good night's sleep.
Agreed, but softly.
Yeah, he was good.
Well, hello there beauty!
You're safe.
Sarah spins the laptop -- a photo of Reynolds, a story of his disappearance.
He's invested a lot of it in real estate.
...oh, yes, rack of lamb... You're bruising the crepes.
...no plates, they break into nice jagged pieces...nothing sharp, nothing that can be made sharp...no forks, no knives, no spoons....lose that carafe...we will have no potential weapons of any kind this evening, thank you...you can eat with your fingers...
He listens, looks to Cantrell...nods.
Which makes it premeditated.
He's toying absently with his wine glass.
(off his look) Whatever.
You deserve better.
You love it here.
Cantrell brings up the rear with his dog and cane... That's good there.
THE SPOOK eases partially into the light -- flinty gaze, military-style haircut.
What are we dealing with?
The guys trade a look.
(smile fades) Yeah.
He was good at it.
How good?
Nick trades relieved looks with the men -- everybody coming down from a tense night.
Weary, she blows a strand of hair from her eyes, sets down her briefcase, walks back to get it... Dunnigan smiles, keeps walking.
He's disoriented, all sound muffled.
Dunnigan sees Nick is alive, turns and keeps going, running to help the others... Nick looks over, sees bodies being pulled clear by responders, men running in, beating at flames... Nick, dazed, looks through the drifting smoke and sees Sarah trying to sit up.
I love you.
In his tea pot.
Nick's been listening, thunderstruck, paler by the moment.
It's the most spectacular suite known to man -- huge open floor plan, with a stunning view of all the downtown buildings surrounding us.
Cantrell laughs -- and it lightens everybody's mood.
Security here is amazing.
Nick and Clyde walk to each other, meet halfway.
I'm good.
That incredible city view -- skyscrapers all around, aglow with lights.
Cantrell raises his hand, places it on the glass, feeling the vibrations...
The copter's searchlight sweeps the windows, highlighting him briefly with incredible light he can't see... ...but we can see the copter going by from here, searchlight playing over Cantrell's building -- which is plainly visible just across the way.
ANGLE WIDENS to find Judge Burch at a table, as: ...please join me in a warm welcome for our keynote speaker this evening, Judge Laura Burch...
The thumb starts pressing numbers -- boop...boop...boop... ANGLE DRIFTING ACROSS THE FLOOR -- Cantrell and Betsy against the incredible city view...
He finally gets fed up with that surgery collar she's worn the entire movie, reaches around, unsnaps the plastic.
That's better.
She's WHINING, getting a little freaked, licking her stitches... Cantrell's hand travels down her fur to her belly...fingertips tracing the stitching...and what he can't see is the strange glow building under her skin...
The blast kicks from the face of the building, fireball rising with eerie grace into the night sky, as: The FIGURE steps into frame, pockets the cell phone.
Also present are Davies and Dunnigan.
The Mayor steps out, waving and smiling for FLASHING CAMERAS... Nick and Dunnigan drive past all the hoopla...
Visited my sister in the Keys... Nice.
Good for you.
(moving on) I'll stay out of their way.
Looks traded.
He pulls a handheld CLAMSHELL VIDEO MONITOR -- it shows a LIVE FEED of people entering the ballroom, mingling as they arrive... Clyde smiles, starts the engine...
(watches news, flashes of season's first snowfall) ... Yes, Louise, it's snowing in the garden today.
Mr. Chance, I'm very pleased to meet you.
I'm waiting for my lunch.
Louise will bring me lunch.
Thank you.
Yes and the Old Man used to come to my garden.
And I have planted and shaped all the hedges, and in the springtime you will be able to see my flowers.
(smiles) I have no claim, Thomas.
(returns smile) Good day, Sally.
No, it's been a good day - better than yours, from what I've been told.
Good, I'd like to meet a reasonable man.
Why don't you ask this Gardiner to join us for dinner?
(smiles) Hah!... Tell me the truth, Eve - if I wait until I feel better, will I ever meet the man?
(a chuckle) But not for long... It's good that there was no apparent damage to the bone.
There's no need for a claim, the garden is a healthy one.
(gives Chance a look) Oh, I see... (warms up) ... Well, then... You're a very funny man, Mr. Gardiner.
Good, keep your weight off that leg, Mr. Gardiner.
Thank you.
Good God, Eve - you'll freeze out here.
Good.
(laughs) Yes sir, I guess that's true smallest room in the house.
I feel very good in here.
That's good, Mr. Gardiner.
Chauncey is fine.
Does this house have a garden?
Do we have a garden?
Hah! Tomorrow, Chauncey, you will see our gardens.
A gardener!
Well put, Chauncey excellent!
A gardener?
A person that makes flinty soil productive with the labor of his own hands, who waters it with the sweat from his own brow, and who creates a place of value for his family and community?
Yes, Chauncey, what a brilliant metaphor -- yes, indeed, a productive businessman is a laborer in his own vineyard.
The garden that I left was such a place.
Everything which grew there was with the labor of my own hands.
I planted seeds and watered them and watched everything grow.
Now, wait a minute, Chauncey you are young, you are healthy, for God's sake don't give up on yourself!
So I've been thinking about beginning a financial assistance program, Chauncey, to help out American businessmen that have been harassed by inflation, excessive taxation, unions and other indecencies... ... I'd like to offer the decent 'Gardeners' of the business community a helping hand.
(a smile) Reluctant to speak, eh, Chauncey?
(laughs again) ... Yes sir - elevator!
Thank you, Eve - I like this house very much.
... Good night, Chauncey.
Good night, Eve.
(listens) Fine.
Excellent.
(seeing her for first time) I agree, Ben.
Good morning, Mr. Rand.
It's so good to see you too, Ben, you look terrific!
(barely able to stand) I'm not convinced of that, Mr. President, but your visit has raised my spirits... Well, I'm delighted to be here, my friend.
Good morning, Mr. President.
(smiling) ... Hello.
Mr. President, I'd like you to meet my dear friend, Mr. Chauncey Gardiner.
Mr. Gardiner, my pleasure.
(a beat) ... Oh, really... (smiling) You will find that my house guest does not bandy words, Mr. President.
(entering) Good morning.
I'm Riff, Secret Service.
(a pause) ... In the garden?
In a garden, growth has its season.
There is spring and summer, but there is also fall and winter.
(he smiles at Chance, who is absorbed in looking around the room at the books) ... I envy your good, solid sense, Mr. Gardiner - that is precisely what we lack on Capitol Hill.
You will honor me and my family with a visit, won't you?
Well, Nancy wanted me to send along her best to the two of you - and, Ben, I want to thank you for your time and thoughts.
Nonsense, Mr. President - I thank you for coming to spend time with a dying man.
(as he turns to go, a smile to Chance) Mr. Gardiner... (as the door closes) He's a decent fellow, the President, isn't he? Yes, Ben - he is.
I'm glad he came, Ben.
It was nice talking to the President.
(pleased) Oh, I like that very much.
Gentlemen, let us not fear the inevitable chill and storms of autumn and winter, instead, let us anticipate the rapid growth of springtime, let us await the rewards of summer.
The President is a nice person.
Good, sir.
Oh, yes.
Thank you, Eve.
And Benjamin sends along his best wishes.
That's good.
It is a good garden and a healthy one; its trees are healthy and so are its shrubs and flowers, as long as they are trimmed and watered in the right seasons.
I do agree with the President; everything in it will grow strong, and there is plenty of room in it for new trees and new flowers of all kinds.
In a garden, things grow - but first some things must wither; some trees lose their leaves before they grow new leaves... (over TV) ... Then they grow thicker and stronger and taller.
Gardens need a lot of care and a lot of love.
And if you give your garden a lot of love, and if you work very hard and have a lot of patience, in the proper season you will see it grow to be very beautiful... (puzzled) It's that gardener!
(laughs) He does talk like one, but I think he's brilliant.
Do you feel that we have a 'Very good gardener' in office at this time, Mr. Gardiner?
Oh, yes.
It is possible for one side of the garden to be flooded, and the other side to be dry... (over TV) ... Some plants do well in the sun, and others grow better in the cool of the shade.
It is the gardener's responsibility not to plant a sun-loving flower in the shade of a high wall... Gobbledegook!
... It is the responsibility of the gardener to adjust to the bad seasons as well as enjoy the good ones.
(smiling) Splendid.
I'm becoming quite attached to Chauncey - quite attached... (Eve smiles) ...
(reaches out, takes her hand) That's good... That's good.
(over TV) Well, Mr. Gardiner, from the sound of our audience, I'd say that your words are a most welcome respite from what we've been hearing from others... (over TV) Thank you.
I've got to talk to her about this Gardiner... (turns over in bed) Good night.
Look, Johanna... (cuts him off) I said good night!
Marvelous!
Thank you, Perkins.
You possess a great gift, Chauncey, of being natural.
And that, my boy, is a rare talent, the true mark of a leader.
You were strong and brave, yet did not moralize.
And you, Benjamin, must be strong and brave for me.
Senator Rowley's widow, Sophie, is hosting an evening reception tomorrow evening honoring Ambassador Skrapinov of the Soviet Union...
I like you to be here.
... I'm grateful to you, Chauncey...
I'm glad, Chauncey - I'm glad that you showed so much restraint... Yes, Eve.
You conquer a woman from within herself, you infuse in her the need and desire and the longing for your love.
I love you and I want you...
(smiling for photogs) I didn't read it.
(pleased) ) Thank you, Mr. Gardiner, for what is probably the most honest admission to come from a public figure in years.
You're welcome.
You're so cool and detached - almost as if you were born to it.
Thank you, Eve.
Mrs. Rand, how good to see you.
A pleasure to meet you, sir.
How nice of you to come.
(being hugged) Hello, Sophia.
She loves California, but to quote her, she says, 'The Secret Service is getting to be a drag.'
Good.
How delightful.
Regretfully, Mrs. Rand - I shall yield the pleasure of your company to others.
I shall yield too. (smiling) I'll be back soon... (as they walk) I'm sorry we haven't met sooner, Mr. Gardiner.
I had the pleasure of seeing you on television last night and I listened with great interest to your down-to-earth philosophy.
That would be good.
Thank you.
You say he showed you his garden?
Look, we could give you a six figure advance, provide you with the very best ghostwriter, research assistants, proof readers...
She has shared my life, gentlemen, she has given me far more pleasure than any of my so called assets... Life has suddenly become very simple for me now - I may be older than my years, and you might think me to be somewhat feeble...
But I am still in love, gentlemen, thank God for that...
(goes to door) Good night.
I do love you so much!
(going to door) Good night, Eve.
(presses close to him) Dearest, you uncoil my wants; desire flows within me, and when you watch me my passion dissolves it.
I would like to see Ben. (slowly) ... Chauncey... Chauncey... Yes, Ben - are you going to die now? (a weak smile) ... I'm about to surrender the Horn of Plenty for the Horn of Gabriel, my boy... Oh, I see.
I hope, Chauncey - I hope that you'll stay with Eve... Take care of her, watch over her, she's a delicate flower, Chauncey... (smiling) A flower...
... I've worked very hard and enjoyed my life... I've known success... and I've felt love... My associates, Chauncey - I've talked with them about you... They're eager to meet you... very eager to meet you... I'm very fond of you, Chauncey...
And I understand Eve... Tell her that... tell her I'm madly in love with her... ... He's gone, Chauncey.
(a smile at Allenby) I'll go tell Eve about Ben now, Robert.
My personal association with Benjamin dates back many years, and my memories of our friendship will stay with me forever.
(a beat) Benjamin Rand was an industrial giant, known to be powerful and uncompromising, and yet, on a personal level, we have all felt his warmth and humor... (a beat) ... I would like to share with you a few quotes, and a few feelings from our dear friend.
Another Christmas in the tin crapper.
An enlarged wall photograph of the family catches her eye.
The RUMBLE OUTSIDE GROWS LOUDER.
After a moment she comes out of the trailer, with a pasted-on smile.
(ironic smile) This is the second time you've dragged me out here.
He makes a circle in the air with his hand and the semi's rev their engines and grind into reverse.
I promise, honey.
Long brown hair.
Ray makes the corner just in time to catch sight of the Acclaim bouncing off on a path through the woods.
Lila fingers the keys in her hand.
If you're in there you better come out.
He'll pay more than it's worth.
Ray stares out at the ice.
Keep going.
You're white.
Don't use that thing when I'm not here!
Yes! Ray puts out a breakfast spread of Microwave popcorn and tang.
We just have to make it to my paycheck on Friday.
Here, lunch money.
Finally she stops and stares at herself.
They stand staring at each other for a long moment, then Ray walks over and unties the rope around the bumpers of the Acclaim and the Horizon.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
The men nod, relieved.
Lila stuffs a wad of cash in the can and jumps down from the tree.
He stares at straight ahead.
Mohawk paintings and a huge wolf carved out of wood decorate the waiting area.
I got nothing for under the tree.
From the Longhouse ways.
T.J. dumps the contents of a box containing the pieces of an artificial Christmas tree.
Daddy is gettin' me that for Christmas.
He's bringing the new house.
Ray looks at the baby.
Lila follows her.
Lila stares down at the baby in her lap, not touching it.
That will warm him up.
Thanks.
Well, you have an enjoyable Holiday.
Thanks.
She tries to grab it out of his hand, but he is too strong.
I mean...he's a good dad when he's not gamblin'.
Yeah, awesome dad.
Oh, yes.
But thanks.
Good.
Get a good used single wide with insulation.
Insulation is the key thing.
A friend.
(her voice message plays) Hi, (happy) You've reached Ray.
I'm gonna have a couple my "teammates" here escort you back to wherever you came from.
Nice meeting you, Elise.
Nice meeting you, too, Special Agent Hubbard.
...Nice, wasn't it?
You must be so proud... Small children, small worries.
You're staying with your family.
I'm back in the morning.
(Hub smiles, but doesn't look up) Immigration called.
What friends --?
You're really good.
Growing up in that city was... paradise.
Please.
(on the phone) I get the feeling you don't want to talk, but will you listen --? ...Whatever grievance you have, whatever quarrel -- surely it doesn't involve these children -- (on the phone) So I'm gonna ask you to... please... let... the... children go.
The best way to get what you want in these situations is to show yourself to be reasonable.
Ladies and Gentlemen, meet the late Ali Waziri.
That's the West Bank, not the West Side for those of you just joining us from Nebraska.
In this game, the most committed wins.
Teaches Arab Studies at Brooklyn College.
How good are your sources in the mosques?
And I get to see the transcripts.
We share him.
The only thing he lives for is movies.
I didn't guess you came all this way for a cup of coffee.
You ever been over there --? (he shakes his head, no) ...The courtesy with which they welcome you into their homes.
And the people, these incredibly... warm people in this... austere land.
Hard work, fair play, make a difference, change the system from within.
The Shah of Iran, Noriega, I love the way you guys predicted the collapse of the Soviet Union.
What do you say, Hub...? Peace?
(laughing, they dance closer) So what's the latest from Samir.
Samir in bed with them?
-- Amen to that.
Thank you, Agent Hubbard.
The new paradigm is like the myth of the Hydra.
Been better.
Look, he's one of the good guys.
Better days.
Good to see you again.
Time to bring in the first string.
Take a good look around, my friend, and tell me that's still true.
How can I help you.
That's what judges are good at, right?
Everybody'll get their rocks off...
Samir recruited them from among the Sheik's followers.
It was gonna be beautiful.
Bliss.
-- But first, you helped them.
(looks in at Samir) Green is about right.
This is not the way to the bath-house.
A holy man.
God is great -- Allah Ahkbar -- Amen.
She gave her life.
(a rueful smile) Sorry.
But in business class there are fine wines, linens, Belgian chocolates.
Business is good at the hotel?
Thank you.
Sit up, smile, Zozo, don't attract attention to yourself.
The newspaper will be grateful.
I will be grateful if you keep my name out of your newspaper.
And soon there will be peace.
Things will calm down when the president signs the peace agreement with the rebels.
Magnificent.
You see General what a genius this man is.
Thank you for a wonderful meal, Paul.
The BBC faxed to say they would be here on the sixth for the peace accords.
Good Hutus of Rwanda, beware.
Your brother's here?
Good to see you, Paul.
My best to Jean Baptiste.
He wants your wisdom.
Let's have dinner first.
I have a present for Anais.
Thank you, Roger.
Simon has a new pet.
Please, papa, I have a secret path.
I'll fix a bed.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Good for you.
I have ordered fresh flowers and complimentary champagne.
Benedict, you should meet the BBC people.
Madame, this is Benedict Nangori, one of our best journalists.
Benedict, beautiful name.
A wonderful experience.
You're welcome.
Then the army fully supports the president as he signs the peace agreement.
Thank you for coming to Rwanda.
You will see what a beautiful country this is.
Good.
As president Habyarimana signs a peace accord between the Tutsi rebels and his Hutu army there remains strong doubts that the extremist Hutu Power will abide by the accords.
To Peace.
Paul, join us.
The Hutu president's plane was struck by a ground-to-air missile as he returned from signing the peace accord with the Tutsi rebels.
I am Paul Rusesabagina, a good friend of General Bizimungu.
Pull your family out.
Give me it.
Can I help you?
I need a great favor.
When this nonsense is over I will be most grateful.
Now, how can I help you.
Great.
Excellent.
Thank God.
Listen we've footage, unbelievable footage!
I'm glad you filmed this.
Thank you for your help.
Congratulations, Colonel.
(raw cynicism) Congratulations.
Listen to me woman.
Good day, General Bizimungu please.
You have been good to me and my family.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir, you saved our lives.
Who can pay?
I pay him and he keeps you alive.
I will move you into the ballroom or out into the gardens.
I buy rice and beans, beer and soap.
Perfect with lamb, or fine rare beef.
So where is the lamb?
It is close by.
He's a good Hutu, and he wants to impress me now.
regoire it is good to see you back to work.
I have a job this morning.
My old friend.
Great news, Paul, we're going to get you out of here.
Oliver is on the stage, all the refugee guests are crowded into the The UN has been notified that the following families have received travel visas from the following countries.
It's a fine house.
They will be alive.
Zozo you are family, join us.
We owe you our lives.
You are my family now, Zozo, my brother.
Thank you, sir.
Let us remember this night and tell the world that even in hell there are good people.
Everyone back.
That was your promise.
We had a good life, you and I.
I want to make our peace.
To thank God for the time we had.
Promise me you will do it.
It will be a blessing.
Keep going.
Mama, mama.
Mama, wait.
Oh, my babies.
Anais, it is so good to see you.
Your Honor, imagine how the children in this neighborhood have been made to feel.
Funny.
Thanks, Kenneth.
(to Anthea) Your exam! Thank you.
Thanks, Shelby.
And tell Amy, I love her painting, it's on my wall.
Present.
Present. is now joined by SARAH BECKETT, a Hello?
This is a nice surprise.
Faith, Andy, is the belief in something for which we have no evidence.
(in a funny, kind of medieval way) It's good to be King.
Tahitian Bronze works best on lesions.
Not the one where he was autistic, the one where he dressed up like a lady on a soap opera... Dustin Hoffman.
Thanks, you guys.
Thanks, guys.
Sounds delightful.
He's not sorry, okay, fine.
Everybody happy?
(smiling at Niguel) Would you relax, please?
Jamey's been beeping me, I... Okay, okay, calm down.
You can relax now, Lisa.
Don't move the baby!
She likes Scotch salmon better.
A hundred bucks a bottle?! Better get a good California... (to the PATIENT) Give me a call.
Congratulations!
Thank you.
(the cigars) New baby?
Congratulations.
Kids are great.
Thanks, Beckett.
I'm real excited about it.
We've lived together for nine years.
Thanks for your time.
Yeah, but Doc, isn't it true they keep finding out new things about this disease?
That beautiful, sensuous woman is a... Duh... Since when?
He brought AIDS to our annual goddamn family picnic.
Andy's private life is none of our business.
He was doing a great job.
Did Andrew Beckett say "I might not be able to serve our clients to the He said nothing.
Hey, it's the local chapter of the ACLU!
I can heal myself.
I can heal myself.
I can heal myself.
I can heal myself.
It'll revitalize the immune system, and people with AIDS will become healthy again.
Fine, thanks, Charles.
Charles, Walter... Congratulations on the new grandson.
Thank you.
We're very happy.
Joseph Miller, Your Honor.
Those are my cute little hand prints.
Today is my parents' fortieth wedding anniversary.
Mommy's pregnant again.
Nice to see you, sweetheart.
Don't point that thing at me! etc... Hi, Mom.
How do you feel on your fortieth anniversary?
Put that thing down and give me a hug.
(full of emotion) Thanks, Dad.
I love you guys.
Bless and keep Andrew and Miguel, dear Lord, deepen and strengthen their love as they face the struggles that lay ahead.
Bless and watch over all of us, fill us with Your love, Your light, and Your peace, which passeth all understanding.
A great lawyer.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a great case.
Good school.
Great.
(after a beat) Great, Lisa.
Thank you.
(shouting over MUSIC) Drew!
The the first prize of AIDS goes to Andrew Beckett and his lover Miguel..." Excuse me, I'm not your lover.
I love you so much.
Glad to finally meet you.
You can enter the costume contest together as a lunch special.
Want to dance?
Energized, more alive...
Beer.
Thank you.
'Scuse me, darling.
Thanks.
(over the MUSIC) Andrea Chenier, by Giordano.
Madeleine says... "It was during that sorrow that love came to me!
A voice filled with harmony That said... Live still, I am Life!" "I am the god that descends From the heavens to the earth To make of the earth A heaven!" "I am Oblivion!
I am Glory!
I am Love, Love, Love!"
(a smile) The kind of person who plays three sets of tennis but doesn't sweat.
Are you a good lawyer?
I'm an excellent lawyer.
What makes you an excellent lawyer?
I love the law.
What do you love about it?
But I think the thing I love the most, is that every once in a while, not that often, but occasionally... you get to be part of justice being done.
Thank you.
We object, Your Honor.
Thank you.
Thank you.
To the extent that it affects a person's ability to do a great job.
(to Miguel) He's looking good.
See you tomorrow, buddy.
God bless you, Andy.
Goodnight, son.
Goodnight angel, my sweet boy... Andy.
I'm ready... Ready for what, baby?
(through cup-holding teeth) Sweet.
I'm here to help.
Cool, you're handing these out during the concert?
Their pier is amazing, clear water, huge crabs everywhere, oysters right there on the rocks, starfish... Hard to believe it's the same ocean sometimes.
(laughing) Bye.
Well don't get too excited 'cause I need my money.
Yeah, you better be.
See ya.
In good shape.
You've gotta chill!
Blonde hair.
Green eyes.
Oh thank God! Thank God? (irritated) That's nice.
Thanks.
Great!
That's where we first met.
Please!
Ryan's listening.
Hodges stares back with glacial ice.
For giving up Craig... Ryan is moved by the emotion in her voice.
Jessica, listen to me.
BINGO!
Special.
Practically frothing at the mouth, Simon Cowell chases after on foot, cursing as his beautiful new Cadillac disappears in the distance -- Your career's over!
Thinning hair.
And wearing Buddy Holly glasses.
Animals?
He wants you to relax, Bob.
She pulls him back down for another kiss.
You're gonna dance with me all night long, until we're too pooped to pop... Well almost.
A giggle.
They kiss.
They both share a laugh.
Enough, you win.
This is it; they signal go at each other and spring around -- But Ryan's nowhere to be found!
Jessica trembles, but that is all, and just as Deason begins to enjoy his work, Jessica JABS at his face, but he predicted as much and easily moves to deflect it -- SNICKK! -- she flicks her wrist up and SLICES the underside of his upper arm.
The Paramedic finishes up Mooney's bandage.
COME ON!! Jessica rocks the car forward, and back.
Does me no good to hand over the DVD and then you and the funky bunch take us out.
Don't screw me kid, y9u won't live long enough to enjoy it.
Come on Ricky, let's get a hot chocolate.
A small smile forms on Ricky's exhausted face.
A shared laugh, then as they turn to the television-- A CELL PHONE RINGS on a nearby table.
A pastoral?
We are interested in the plays given to you by Edward de Vere, Earl of Oxford.
I have had the honor of meeting his lordship-- pg. 8 The skin has broken on his forehead.
Laughing.
Edward de Vere (47), the Earl of OXFORD, an intensely handsome man.
His clothes have seen better days.
Blonde, attractive, a bit of a pretty boy-- and extremely enthusiastic.
Wonderful, isn't it?
Whenever the Greeks wrote their heroes into a situation from which they couldn't write their way out-- --Out came the apo mekhanes theos...
As when Hippolytus is saved by Artemis, or Medea flown to Athens... Always good for an apo mekhanes theos was Euripides pg.
The son of the Queen?
Deliver a gift for me?
22 (smiles) With your father in London dealing with all the troubles in Ireland, who else should the Queen turn to but Essex?
By the grace of god, her majesty, Elizabeth, Queen of England, Wales and Ireland! (to Elizabeth) Ah-- Majesty, I've been told my lord of Southampton has a gift for you.
(eyes sparkle) A gift? Yes, your grace, though not from me.
23 Are you this gift, my precious little man?
My gift is a play, majesty.
(delighted) A comedy! pg.
By... Anonymous, your majesty... Anonymous...? (then) Oh, but I do so admire his verse... Elizabeth lets go of Essex, and offers her hand to the Dwarf, who smiles brightly.
They exchange a knowing look as-- Robert Cecil steps in line far after the Queen, not happy with this turn of events as we hear-- Bless thee, Bottom!
Bless thee!
Thou art translated!
Sheer magic.
Candles everywhere: in stakes, in the ground, in the trees.
They light a make-shift "stage" surrounded by huge oak trees on three sides.
She loves it, SQUEALING in delight like a young woman.
(sings) The ousel cock so black of hue, With orange-tawny bill, The throstle with his note so true, The wren with little quill-- What angel wakes me from my flow'ry bed? pg.
The Lord Great Chamberlain of England, Viscount Bolebec, Lord Escales, Sandford and Badlesmere, etc, etc. No.
In my world, one does not write plays, Jonson.
A good number performed at Court years ago, others never seen by a living soul.
I wish you god speed and good morrow.
It-- it was an anonymous gift.
She adores them!
Adores them!
We hope you will be happy in our house-- Are you going to live here forever?
Because the Queen has bade it so.
(to Young Oxford) My lord, when we first met, you said you wished to become a great man of State.
Ca me fait plaisir de vous connaitre.
Your everlasting soul hangs in the balance.
My poems are my soul!
The SOUND of CHURCH BELLS RINGING takes us to: And Young Oxford and Anne are being married by a bishop.
Thirdly, for the mutual society, help and comfort, that the one ought to have of the other, both in prosperity and adversity, into the which holiest state these two persons present come now to be joined.
But never will one of you best me in historicals.
This day is called the feast of Crispian: he that outlives this day, and comes safe home, will stand a tip- toe when this day is named, and rouse him at the name of Crispian.
Oxford watches, loving the stagecraft involved in the production.
This story shall the good man teach his son.
And Crispin Crispian shall ne'er go by, from this day to the ending of the world, but we in it shall be remembered; we few, we happy few, we band of brothers; for he to-day that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile, this day shall gentle his condition: and gentlemen in England now a-bed shall think themselves accursed they were not here, and hold their man-hoods cheap whiles any speaks that fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day!
52 You know your places: God be with you all! which is a round tower on top of the stage, contains several small cannons manned by stagehands.
We HEAR the sound of APPLAUSE.
What lady's that, which doth enrich the hand of yonder knight?
O, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!
It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night like a rich jewel in an Ethiop's ear; beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear!
Oxford watches the dance carefully.
Did my heart love till now?
For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
A dance is taking place.
YOUNG OXFORD-- now 20 is dancing with Young Anne.
Your young King Henry reminded us of you.
Did he? Rash, yet brave.
Fair on the eyes, fairer to the ear...
We are glad of your return from the continent.
Your wife must be much pleased by your presence once more at her side...
(surprised) Cecil had told me your match was one of love.
(long beat) But how could one ever love the moon, after having first seen the sun? pg.
63 Three Ladies-in-waiting run onto the balcony to join Bessie, who is looking across the palace grounds, watching-- Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford, both on horseback, unaccompanied, trot over a small bridge.
The Ladies-in-waiting share knowing smiles.
The food?
She kisses him.
Then begin to make love.
She smiles at him.
65 (smiles) --Puck (smiles) Puck?
Yes, Puck! Ah, but Puck would never fight for you in the Netherlands... (surprised, smiles) The Netherlands?
Well, why not?
O stay and hear... your true-love's coming, That can-- (looks up and down her body) --kiss both high and low... Trip no further, pretty sweeting.... Journeys end in lovers' meeting-- Every wise man's son doth know.
What is love?
'tis not hereafter; Present mirth hath present laughter; What's to come is still unsure: In delay there lies no plenty-- Then come kiss me, Sweet-and-twenty, Youth's a stuff will not endure.
They begin to make love passionately once more.
The actors from the perfomance are there as well in the BG.
Ha! See!
Help me to my bed, my son.
I wish to marry him... Marry him, your grace?
I love him... Would you risk your throne for him?
You must go on Progress, somewhere isolated, accompanied by only those whom you most trust.
She's on Progress.
78 The Queen does not ask for my advice about matters of the heart, Edward.
If she had, she hardly would have chosen you for her pleasure.
I've seen you watch him.
Kit was my friend.
After the two men have exchanged couple of words, Francesco gives Jonson a leather folder containing a manuscript and a purse jingling with coin.
You are the famous Shakespeare whose labors I have enjoyed so much.
Shakespeare smiles.
He smiles.
Wisdom, Francesco, is a quality I have unfortunately never possessed... Francesco stares at Oxford who is deep in thought.
Young Oxford (now 25 and with a beard) is making love to someone.
She still loves you.
She had your child.
(smiles) Ben.
The party rides into the first gate.
The palace is the city residence of the Queen, and is at the edge of the City.
She begins to absent-mindedly unbutton the top of her bodice.
Coming into our presence in such a manner, neither announced nor invited, half his army in my courtyard.
Oxford, followed only by Francesco, rides into the courtyard.
Oxford raises his hands.
Thank god you're here.
Small, with nothing much beyond a straw bed.
His lips silently move in a prayer for a miracle.
From high, high above a city of 200,000 souls.
It's a beautiful sunny day, but black storm clouds are on the horizon.
We see that a huge crowd has formed in front of the Globe.
Nashe joins him as-- So!
Wants to have an audience with the Queen.
First the people are in stunned silence, but then like magic the hissing starts.
Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by this son of York.
The huge crowd has stayed in front of the Globe.
He smiles at himself in the mirror.
129 I thank your majesty for seeing me.
Their wealth, their power, their survival, all depended on me.
(beat) That, that will be my final gift to my people.
Oxford looks after her as the SOUNDS of BELLS slowly begin GONGING as we- The bell-ringing comes from St. Paul's Cathedral, the largest church in the City.
On the frozen river Thames we see the funeral procession for the greatest Queen England has ever seen.
Everybody follows the carriage with the casket of the queen.
Proudly.
And then joyous CHORAL MUSIC replaces the CHURCH GONGS as we-- as it is placed on a head.
His face betrays his proud feelings.
Southampton smiles weakly when he sees Oxford waiting for him.
The line won't get a laugh that way.
It's okay... Esta bien, esta bien... Come with me... Con mio... Look what we made!
Nice rocket...
Dreamed I did a triple axel in an ice skating championship.
(to Matt) Let's get you out, sweetie.
Please...
In 1998, to jump start peace talks, it gave a coalition of guerrilla groups temporary control over much of southern Colombia...
(smiles) Yeah.
You can pay him then...
You can pay me now.
The thick jungle's hot and humid, full of STRANGE SOUNDS and shadowy animal movements.
He meets a man coming the other way.
Finally, the father accepts, sits down with the sleepy boy on his lap.
(gazing out) Beautiful country.
It better be.
Armstrong smiles back.
You want to have some fun, we'll hook up later.
(winks) Life can be what you make it here on the frontier.
Gordy looks up in surprise at him and the thin federale backing him up.
He clamps a hand on Gordy's arm.
Two more federales join in.
They're singed and smoking, but they're alive.
The pass is only good for one person.
Grins.
He's met by FELIX.
Felix doesn't look the least bit happy.
As Gordy follows him...
Ha! Puta!
We can't stop for one beer?
There's beer at the plantation.
Last night you were in love with her.
Gordy looks back at the Woman and boy, closer now, walking toward the house.
The Wolf's alive and unhurt.
The woman stares at the photo a moment, as... Gordy absorbs another blow.
Meets her eyes a moment.
Sees the photo in her hand.
The bodyguards are smiling.
Water drips from jungle leaves and the eaves of buildings.
We see the bustling life of the place, the families, the women and children who live with and support the well-organized and high-tech guerrilla military.
He plays with the shells of her bracelet as she stares off into the night.
The noise mounts to an incredible ROAR.
The small helicopter's rotors are also turning.
one by one in quick succession, lift off the deck and follow the L.O.H. into the night sky.
Gordy's on the bed.
Moves past it to Gordy's leg and, to Gordy's surprise, begins unlocking the shackle.
Brandt meets his eyes.
The daily tide of humanity flows through the railway terminal.
We see people in business suits, tourists, families, a group of kids on a field trip.
He's looking over the beautiful and busy station.
These buildings best match what you described to us.
She lovingly brushes the hair off his forehead, rattling her seashells.
Gordy starts to follow.
As Claudio speeds into traffic -- Selena is seated at a table covered with photographs, Washington, D.C. coffee table books, guide books, etc. Brandt, Phipps, et al stand around her. Phipps flips through the pages of a large coffee table book for Selena to see.
That book's done.
Opens it to the first photo.
The driver of the car finally backs up.
She topples what she can into Gordy's way.
Shouldn't be a leetle bit surprised.
(grinning at the friendly tone) Ha llegado anticipademente, senor.
Good -- What's at the bottom of it?
Nothin'! (roaring with laughter) What, again!! Good evening, ladies.
Yep -- this is my last trip.
Well, well -- smells like a mighty nice bit of veal.
Doin' yourself well these days, Stan.
(grinning) Them's fightin' words, pardner.
Good thing you saved it.
(this is a fine kettle of fish) Hmmm -- Don't worry, ma'am.
I'll be more'n glad to accommodate you -- (smiles at Clara) (resenting Clews' familiarity) He's going with us anyway -- he may as well drive.
(pointing) There's Cap's place across the Street -- the Sun-Up Saloon.
(with a grin) Will he make it?
(raises his glass; grinning) Well, here's now.
(with a cocky grin) Have a heart, Judge.
(spreads his hand) Kings up.
(finally) He wasn't armed.
Maybe he wants to thank you for teaching that pup of his a lesson.
Watch the fun.
This should be good.
I saw you ride into town this morning.
You looked lovely.
He drove us in from Garden City last night.
She's young.
(straight at him) The best friend I've got.
I see -- Were you a friend of Red's?
(as excited as a schoolboy) George Clews is in town.
She won't interfere with you...Rocklin -- I figure we've been losin' cattle over a place called Table Top -- it's the back way into the Topaz Ranch and the perfect route for rustlers -- I'm going to send you up to the line camp -- you don't mind working a lone hand -- do you?
(rising and holding out a hand) Good -- be ready to move out this afternoon.
They's lots of other folks lookin' fer a good man, too -- you know.
Good money -- sixty a month There ain't enough money in this town to make it worth your while to work for that gal.
Good afternoon, Mr. Rocklin.
(looking at the sky) Lovely day, isn't it?
I'm moving out there first thing in the morning.
(after a stilted pause) Well -- (with a perplexed smile) What is this?
-- Good morning, Arliete.
Good morning, Tala.
You have make yourself very pretty today.
Better watch out you don't do it again.
Too nice for this country.
(with a slight smile) Think you can trust me?
Tried to book passage to Garden City but couldn't on account I had a full load.
Well, now that's just what I asked -- but all he said, was that it belonged to a good friend.
(drinking) Funny tho' -- first the K.C. foreman -- then Caldwell -- an' now these women.
Lookit that -- Good Lord -- Come on -- My team.
(smiling wryly) Not bad shootin'.
Oh, Mr. Rocklin -- I'm so glad I've found you -- I was on my way to the Santee and learned you were in town.
I can't say I'm very happy about doing this -- I only hope it works out for the best.
(has had almost enough) Now, you look here -- (soberly) You're the one who better start lookin' -- lookin' for a way out for killin' Red Caldwell.
(with an affected smile and unnatural calmness) And you believe a story like that?
I will until I hear a better one.
(puts deck he holds, in his pocket) I'll just take this along -- the district judge at Garden City should be mighty interested.
I do appreciate it ever so much -- (to Arly) Don't think too harshly of me, will you -- I -- (sincerely -- after a pause) She's lovely, isn't she? -- So sweet -- honest, and helpless.
Come in -- Here he is, Rock.
(searching for words) About whether he was going to help clear up a few things that's been bothering me and some others 'round these parts.
(harassed) Look, Mr. Harolday -- you saw what happened -- (deeply concerned) Never mind that -- Let's get going for Garden City -- that's where he's headed for.
All right, men -- follow me -- I mighta knowed you'd do somethin' like this.
Well, see that you stay that way.
(with that oily smile) We'll be close-by.
Get our horses and meet me at the gate.
(smugly) Oh yes -- here and gone.
The Clewses -- funny we didn't see them.
We'll go on and meet you in town.
(her eyes sweeping the morning) Beautiful day.
(reflecting) It didn't start out so beautiful.
(hesitantly) Well -- you and -- me.
(shouting) Hey, Rock -- Rock -- get out your pencil and paper -- (grimacing) Doggone it -- here Garvey is back in this world -- an' they're out of it.
This is your one and only life.
I am most grateful for your surveillance and for your sympathy.
Life is not position, Leopold.
(grandly) Go spread joy.
I thank you.
Good evening.
(smiles and shakes her head "No") Are you?
(smiling seductively) Truly I would be in your debt.
Any admonition would be erased simply by presenting a partner as lovely as yourself.
(breathless) Thank you for the dance.
Please.
(she laughs but she is not smiling) So, what?
It was a sensation.
(absently) I love Ronald Coleman.
Your Grace... Um... Hello... Weee aaare a smaaall part of a laaarge research team.
We journeyed to your time because it was the quickest path to follow.
(she rises) Take a good long look, Leopold.
(she hands him a schedule) As you can see, my day begins with meditation and yoga from 6:30 to 7:00.
YOU will arise at 6:45, shower and change and at 7:15, we breakfast together.
7:45 we begin the days work.
At 1:15 we lunch together.
At precisely 6:15 you will enjoy 15 minutes of FREE TIME, then, at 6:30, I listen to Tom Brokaw while making dinner as YOU write down any questions that come up during your day.
Now, Mondays and Wednesdays I have computer science class, Tuesdays I have therapy.
(she takes a breath, smiles at him) Next day we begin again.
(after a beat, with great dignity) ...At what time shall I WEE and POOH?
My brother.
You look funny.
Good.
(she kisses his forehead) I owe you one.
Well I'm not.
Breakfast at 12. Luncheon at 4. Diner at 8. A horse should be made available from 1 to 3. A horse?
Also, I feel very strongly about your style of dress.
(infuriated) Thank you!
Well, it's fine.
He's a delight.
Keep up the good work.
Kate, calm down.
Splendid.
To give someone all the love they've been hoarding since they were a kid.
I have a career and a life that's filled with...
Satisfied?
You have a lovely face.
(making notes) It's a guy thing.
...Now within that astronomical structure, Dr. Drake here is searching for a pathway between your time and the present.
Thank you.
Trust me on this.
That's better.
Now, try to enjoy your walk.
It's a beautiful day.
The sun is shining, the peasants are singing.
Waltz of the Flowers.
She's another Babe Ruth.
Is this your child?
C'mon honey, lets go.
(then to her parents) She's a beautiful child.
You're very lucky.
Thank you.
(to Kate) The pudding tonight is excellent.
I'm meeting everyone over at Caffeine.
It's this coffee house we go to.
But Dennis is a nice guy.
I shall join you.
That's a wonderful idea!
I'm not sure you'd have such a good time.
A Merry Andrew.
I am not!! Everything plays like a farce to you.
She has met the right one.
Well Leopold, no one ever does... (reading out loud) Royal family -- Uncouth.
Honorable heart... Peasant feet.
Did you have a good time last night?
Well... fine.
I was wondering if you would do me the great honor of accompanying me to the cinema tonight.
It's beautiful.
Not so fast, buddy.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I had a wonderful time today.
I want to thank you for that.
The pleasure was mine.
Beer!
Goodnight, Leopold.
First date.
You pleased?
And nice looking.
Thank you.
Thank her.
What did Jeannie say about me? (smiling) She said you were enormously sexy, had a great body, but you don't put out.
Kate... Good morning.
Good morning.
My own mother never made me a breakfast like this.
Do me the honor Katherine, of becoming my wife.
I love you, Kate.
Shouldn't we date first?
Leopold, even though last night we... loved each other, that doesn't mean this morning we're engaged.
(taking a ring off his fingers and placing it on hers) I have loved you since I first set eyes on you.
(smiling) Do what you have to do... Morning.
I want my new life to have value.
You're awfully cute when you get causey.
Elizabeth Taylor's Passion?
A week from Friday, early morning.
Tell me that you love me as I love you.
Good God.
Your family, your whole way of life, everything?
I love you, Kate.
The single most miraculous event in my life was not how I arrived here, but that when I did, I found you.
A beautiful wife, a small home in the middle of nowhere, lots of children, and fine schools with PMS meetings every other Sunday.
I love you too.
I love you, too.
Perhaps she's found greater happiness in her new life.
I won't be a party to it.
I'm an old friend of your mothers.
I came to see you, sweetie.
Catch me up on everyone.
He's a fine boy Kate.
Leopold would be proud.
(Leo gives her a hug and a kiss) Good night, cookie.
Good night.
He's happy.
All weddings are happy.
I love you, Leo.
Tell him about me and... um, tell him I love him.
It's so elegant.
Thank you.
I thank you. (with a big smile) Thank YOU.
Who is that dancing with Leopold?
Duke Ellington's "Mood Indigo" plays on the radio as Easy heads for home in thought.
He clutches a baton in his hand and swats it into his open palm.
He holds out his scrawny hand.
(smiling) Easy.
(gesturing back) Your friends, hunh?
Daphne Monet... fiancee of Todd Carter, one of the richest men in town... Been gone for two weeks...
You know how it is with women, Easy... Happens to the best of us...
Easy Rawlins, is that you?
Hey, Coretta, how are ya?
Hey, Coretta got a new job at the phone company.
I can't give up that much love, daddy, not the way things is.
I ain't after her, baby.
But Daphne's my friend-- Oh, baby.
But I had found out that the rich man's woman had a colored boyfriend...
Bye, Easy!
Easy clears his head.
She's with-- Hold on to that, Easy.
The lights from the pier can be seen in the distance as Easy parks his car.
Buy ya a burger, Easy?
He means-- --this morning.
Jump in.
I don't know nothin' about all this stuff... I'm at the Sunridge Motel on 112th and Grand, Room 102.
So...? You've found me.
He's out of town -- I... I'm willing to pay you.
That's nice of you but, see, I'm not really a detective-- --I know that.
But this is a gettin' a little out of hand-- --Mr.
Rawlins-- --Easy.
Easy...
Easy.
Where have you been this time of morning, Easy?
Get us a drink, Manny... Easy, you're a brave man.
I need a brave man working for me...
A crowd has gathered along the street to watch a three convertible car caravan: the first car bearing a four-place band playing "Happy Days Are Here Again"; the second with someone who could be Lana Turner holding up a "Teran for Mayor" placard with a man in the front passenger seat announcing through a megaphone; and last, but hardly least, Matthew Teran blowing kisses and waving two small American flags.
Hey, Easy.
Your friend Albright is on my ass.
Albright had said that when you're mixed up in something it's best to be mixed up to the top.
It's important, Mr. Rawlins, for her sake... I'm willing to pay you.
Good.
(with finality) Baxter will write you a check!! Easy takes him in and then holds out his hand.
And whatever Teran had on Carter was strong stuff... too strong even for Carter to go to the police...
But because Teran was desperate to find the girl too, that gave me the best hand.
That made it simple.
(exhaling relief) Mouse!
You better... Talk...
(after a moment) Come on, Easy.
Been having a party, Ezekiel?
Tomorrow morning, that's it.
Have a nice evening, Ezekiel.
Easy hurries out of his house pulling on his jacket with Mouse right behind.
He freezes seeing the Woodcutter watching and listening.
(to Woodcutter) Man, don't you mess with my trees while I'm gone.
As Mouse starts away the old man smiles mischievously and starts to sharpen his axe.
Don't you mess with my trees!! It's a horseshoe of tiny apartments with over a dozen little porches and doorways staggered in a semi-circle around a small yard that has a half-dozen stunted magnolia trees growing in brick pots.
Easy!
You better tell it the way it happened.
Why would he trust you to give it to the girl if it was worth fifty dollars?
He didn't say! (after a moment) You better be tellin' the truth.
I'll give it to you.
Coretta's life was important to a few people too.
There's a cabin out in Malibu on Route 9... Make a right, Mouse!
This one digs out a chunk of upholstery between Joppy and Easy.
Hey! Watch out!
Easy, come on, man.
Easy has them!
Please.
124 Easy's gotta make a move.
Spacious and heavy in leather and wood with a not-so- spectacular view of the mountains.
And that's a promise.
Easy nods and starts to go, but... (continuing; to Easy) Mr. Rawlins... did Daphne ever say... she loved me?
Easy listens disinterestedly.
Easy looks up from pulling weeds.
Yeah, Easy...
All you got is your friends, Easy... Easy starts to nod, but then spots hovering over a rosebush in a neighbor's yard across the street, his shears ready to cut.
Easy picks up a rock and sails it.
Odell comes off the porch and does the same.
Another neighbor joins Easy and company, and they continue to laugh and talk, looking up from time to time to wave at friends in passing cars.
I thought about what Odell had said about friends and it made sense to me... Odell goes to church every Sunday, so he would know... Later on, he challenged me to a game of dominoes.
And sat with my friend, on my porch at my house... and we laughed a long time... Why should I have to put it on the list?
(nervously) But I'd be... I'd be happy to go.
(listens) Mama, I've got to go.
You guys don't want me, I'll be more than happy to leave.
That's better.
That's a good one.
(impressed) Good.
(cheerfully; loudly over the music) Hello.
Good.
I'm doing good.
Good.
I'm good.
How's my brother?
It would be good for the job tonight.
When I came out she was married to my best friend.
Happy?
Good to see you.
No, I'm good, Angelo.
Good word.
Stay and watch it with me.
Your own brother?
We are men of honor, but honor without respect is a... horse-less carriage.
We'll meet you when we're done.
Where are the jewels?
(to the others) Vamos.
It's three in the morning.
Thank you.
Black market art.
The Bastaldi's supplied the artists to make copies of famous works.
It was on loan from the London National Gallery and they're not going to be very happy when they find out about it.
He delivers the goods on Zammito.
So, try to be cool.
Don't tell me to be cool!
That's brilliant!
Tomorrow morning.
We had a deal.
That's an excellent plan.
There's ten grand in here.
(in French) Relax.
Yeah, well, it suits you.
That's good.
Food okay?
I'm glad we had this talk.
Heal.
Get better.
Everything's fine.
The Holiday Hotel.
Thanks.
It's good.
Thank God.
(overlapping) Not such a good friend.
He's clean.
Good.
Okay, we're square now, right?
Thank you.
Find me a small country that doesn't have an extradition treaty with the States and live the good life.
A gift.
My love, please kiss me... Arrivederci amore kiss me... Remember when we part... You'll have my heart...
I love you so... What's he doing?
I was caught up in the excitement of the moment.
This is great.
You happy?
Great!
Hands is important.
Can I give you a hand, beautiful?
See how easy it is for us to get to know each other, beautiful?
I deserve nice things.
Thank you, Bobby.
Morning Grace.
Morning Sheriff.
He's lucky he didn't kill his own danged self.
Nice meeting you, son.
Beautiful?
I met her in town.
BIKER (thumbing through it, impressed) Nice...Just who are you beautiful?
Give it to me.
A little extra never hurt, Benji, would you just relax.
Listen, man.
Everyone round here call me TNT.
Give him a couple of hours, he'll cool off.
The desert makes everybody crazy.
You love her, but you hate her? No, I hate loving her.
She loved to play.
My baby.
Be quiet, boy.
Sweet talk the woman.
A young buck like you must be good at that.
She loves that thing.
She loves it out there; ridin' through the red rock and the mesas.
She'll ride you out someplace quiet.
You can sweet talk her a little if you like.
Yeah, but I like the sun.
I promise you.
I'll give you the ride...Come back!
No! It's the desert that makes you crazy.
Nice pussy y'see, see it coming.
Kiss kissy kiss.
Well he's right.
White sky was on fire.
There you go, sweet talking me again.
Leaves at seven fifty two, tonight.
I am looking town.
Sun's going down.
The day wasn't so bad.
Kiss from a beautiful woman, kissy kissy kiss, a lick from a dog, slurp, slurp, the kiss of death (he makes a strange sound).
So, we're all just floating along like twigs in a stream, so enjoy the ride.
Not this twig, friend.
Nothing makes the Great Spirit laugh harder than a man's plans.
Oh, she was worth it.
There ain't no forgivin' ya, girl!
Come on baby, keep going.
GRACE (realizing) What's that?
Relax baby.
BOBBY (dryly) Funny thing... I'll get the bags.
Hey! Take it easy.
You spent a day in Superior.
I love you Bobby.
Keep going!
GRACE (nervous cool) I would never do that to you, baby...
Save the Mom routine, will ya Grace.
Won this in a poker game in Reno.
Help me, Grace...! We been through too much together.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Grace!...Please, Grace!
And I love you too.
And love's a funny thing.
I love you Grace, but I just can't trust you !
He can't help you now, honey!
(stands) You better go, my boy.
Thank you.
Who's the new yardman?
So. "Journey's End" brought you to Hollywood -- I have a proposal, Mr. Kay.
Let's make it more interesting.
That's funny, Mr. Whale.
Too warm for a sweater, anyway.
Who made "A Star Is Born"?
George is famous for his Saturday dinner parties.
Gatherings of trade eating leftovers, followed by some strenuous fun and frolic in the pool.
He's one of the great images of the twentieth century.
Please.
Making a couple of famous movies like those.
How is your mind today?
My mind's lovely.
I merely invited Mr. Boone in for a glass of tea.
(smiles at Clay) Please, Mr. Boone.
Help yourself.
(with a laugh) What's to sketch?
It's the Sunday painter in me.
Even an amateur artist needs a subject to inspire him.
You don't want to draw pictures of me in my birthday suit, right?
Excellent.
We'll have a most interesting time.
I liked it.
You learn stuff listening to old-timers.
Thanks, doll.
And be grateful Boone's not cutting Shirley Temple's lawn.
You come in here proud as a peacock because some old coot wants to paint your picture.
Sounds screwy to me.
I can't imagine a real artist wanting to spend time looking at that kisser.
Doll.
Calm down, Clay.
Good.
Wonderful old Una.
It's your favorite movie.
I'll be fine, Hanna.
Thank you.
Good night.
You done yet, love?
Good morning.
Let the Bride feast upon her visage.
(nasal New Yorkese) Behold, the Bride of Frankenstein.
You look extraordinary.
In the sequel, James, two lady scientists should make a monster.
Please.
I'm not at my best today, Jimmy.
Relax, my boy.
What a couple of queens we are, Colin.
Yes, a couple of flaming queens.
And Pretorius is a little in love with Dr. Frankenstein, you know.
Sound!
Okay for sound.
The Bride of Frankenstein!
I trust you.
So glad you are free for lunch.
At my age, the post is the cream of the day.
Princess Margaret?
(a deep breath) Lunch should be ready.
Shall we? Cheers.
Smells lovely, Hanna.
Saw your movie the other night.
I liked it.
I had to make it interesting for myself, you see.
(a sip of wine) But the Monster never receives any of my gibes.
That's something to be proud of.
Proud?
Quite true.
(a sip of wine) How free is your schedule this afternoon?
There's Japs in this town that work cheaper and do flowers too.
He glances at an article from Here are the trade newspapers you wanted.
A visitor.
Thank you, Hanna.
Scout's honor.
Everybody has stories to tell.
Well it's not.
The Great War.
You had a Good War, while we had -- -- a war without end.
Oh yes.
Love in the trenches.
Unlike the others, he didn't care that I was a workingman impersonating his betters.
A morning when the sun came out.
It was beautiful.
And I stood shoulder to shoulder with a tall apple-cheeked boy who loved and trusted me.
Good old George.
Splendid.
Can we get together while I'm in town?
Have I made a blunder?
(laughs) I am such a goose.
Pleased to meet you.
I adore gardens.
George, Ma'am, this has been an honor.
So nice to see you...
Are you enjoying yourself?
Good.
You finished your shower already?
The Great War? (nods) By the time he was ready to ship out, the fighting was over.
Oh yes.
Relax, Clayton.
Oh yes.
Oh, but you feel good, Clayton.
I kissed you.
It would be the great adventure you've yearned for.
And you will comfort me.
We are friends, you and I. Friends.
Friends.
Friend, good.
Friend, good.
Time for bed, sport.
(glancing behind her) Momma says no... Momma says good girls don't.
She kneels next to Carrie and tries to laugh it off.
(offering her hand) It'll be our secret.
I make it nice and sweet, and Both frozen by this terrible sound(louder) What in the name of God? What's the matter?
Carrie favors him with a sweet tolerant smile and goes on toward the high school, in the background: Bobby, frustrated, stops astride is bike and screams after her.
...If you will let us have room enough And air enough And peace enough To love each other As you never could I must say I must confess this poem displays an extraordinary talent... (the knife) ...a talent extraordinary for you, Tommy Ross.
It's... beautiful.
`Beautiful.' `Bee-t-ti-ful!' `Oh beautiful for spacious skies, for amber waves of grain.'
Out of a margarine commercial a packaged, nice lady, neat, trim a good Standing in the doorway.
And your daughter?
Finally Eleanor feels constrained to open the door wider, put a smile on her face, and: Won't you come in, Mrs. White?
Thank you.
And your daughter.
(a smile) Well, I don't think Sue would be (cutting in) Children are godless these days, Mrs. Snell.
My Sue is a good girl.
Momma, please listen.
A vision of a wrathful God.
Please!
I love you, honey.
(imitating Carrie) It's... beautiful.
(laughing) That's what she said when I read that poem you wrote for me.
Hey, honey, it was a beautiful poem.
You're special.
And the way she dresses... Hey, Sue, she's asking for it.
Then help me!
Billy Nolan Collins eye-to-eye with Chris now, smiles.
Right here in the gym.
No less determined, but cool.
Collins watches the girls filing into the locker room, a small triumphant smile on her face.
Her heart starts to beat.
The BELL gives a shrill RING, and we: The local after-school hangout.
Sue looks up and tries to force her face into a smile.
He kisses her again, and she responds.
What? (eagerly) Yeah, what?
It will make me feel very good if you do it.
Her hand dips down out of FRAME.
The television is in: Where the movie's SOUND continues uninterrupted for a bit over an incredible silence between Tommy and Sue.
And she looks up and stares at him with that peculiar intensity that cuts through all the clamor around them.
That's great!
Tommy Ross that's wonderful.
Well... We don't care how we look.
You better go.
They'll laugh.
No one will laugh.
Please.
(then) Thank you.
Tommy smiles at her and, turning to leave, touches her hand against the screen door.
She takes the hand he "touched" and brushes the hair back from her face.
A little beautiful?
Coming, Momma.
God, everyone's talking.
It makes me have pimples, Momma.
I... I've been invited to the prom.
(then) It's a good joke, Billy.
Trennant explodes into a fit of high-pitched laughter.
The sound of Trennant's high-pitched giggle.
Chris, chilled to the bone, rubs herself to keep warm.
And Billy smiles.
As he raises the sledge hammer, we GO TO: The sun is shining perhaps the next day, a day later.
The house is a picture postcard under it, we hear the sweet, muffled sound of "Amazing Grace."
"Amazing Grace" a sweet, contemporary rendition is on the Webcor.
A pleasure after Kathryn Kuhlman.
Carrie sits at the sewing machine, finishing work on the pattern for her prom dress.
She smiles.
I love it.
(shyly) I made it.
The mural's nice.
(looking her up and down) That's a lovely dress, Carrie.
I'm Don MacLean's secret lover.
(a half-beat late, getting it, tittering) Don MacLean's secret... How funny you are.
(smile slipping a full notch now) Well, I have to hurry back.
(toothpaste smile) Get douched, Norma.
As the prom gets underway: A) JOSIE AND THE MOONGLOWS THE BAND make like Lawrence Welk and launch into an oldie-but-goodie.
B) THE TWINS CORA AND RHONDA dressed identically, dancing with C) ERNEST PETERSON, the black class president, is wonderfully officious as he gets the evening's first entertainment organized.
George is funny.
He's a good guy.
Thank you (beat) You too.
Beautiful.
It's awfully nice of you to say so.
Collins smiles; she looks at the dance floor and Carrie's eyes follow hers.
But it was magic.
Is it like that for you?
(smiling) Just nice?
Thank you.
Have a lovely time, Carrie.
Girl secrets.
A smile at Carrie, and she goes off.
You're beautiful.
Carrie meets his eyes and blushes; it's all overwhelming her, and she has to look away at the tiny party favor boat on the table in front of her, at the tiny pencil next to it.
No. (trying to smile) But I broke it and it was a souvenir.
Sensitive to her reaction, he smiles at her. Hey, it's okay.
Mr. Morton says this is the first time in the history of the Spring Prom that How far does he go back?
Silence, then the APPLAUSE begins and starts to swell as we... 200 TOMMY's POV CARRIE An island in the APPLAUSE around her, her head lowered... Attention!
as new ballots arrive courtesy of Norma, who leans over them and whispers breathily: Good luck!
Please.
Then he smiles, white teeth grinning: Tommy and Carrie win.
Tommy grins, amused.
Peering out farther to get a good look.
So he takes the long way around back behind the stage... Dollying as they're led down the center aisle; past a blur of smiling faces, the APPLAUSE SWELLING.
The lights get brighter; the MUSIC gets louder.
Where we finally reveal just where Chris and Billy have been hiding all this time.
She traces its path with her eyes, seeing that it goes up to: Concealing a single silver bucket; meanwhile: Staring down at the gym floor; the lights are searing so hot and bright that it's impossible to see clearly, and a new set of spotlights being shone on Tommy and her only makes it harder.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you he King and Queen of the Spring Prom TOMMY ROSS AND CARRIE WHITE!
The Band starts playing the school SONG, and we...
The implications of the cord and bucket positioned over the throne just starting to dawn on her as everyone begins singing the school song: ALL (o.s.)
And a hand comes into FRAME, clutching Sue's wrist.
A small smile at being recognized by the Beak as the one responsible, the one with the power now.
As the velocity of the water increases, stronger and stronger.
A smile of satisfaction.
He puts his hand on it.
She's staring at: She flexes.
As it swings, catching Norma Watson in its path, casually whipping this screaming girl in her green chiffon dress back into a wall.
Oh, thank God it's you, Betty.
(beat) Better.
She stares at her hand, fixating on it, remembering Carrie in the shower.
A hand from the Earth itself.
I trust this will cover all repairs to New York and any inconvenience to your good selves?
Goodness.
Good boy.
She's early today... Can we invite her up and dress her as Forrest Gump?
We'll pay her.
That was your birthday present!
That reminds me, clean your genitals.
Designed by William Van Allen... ...and inspired by the machine age of the 1920s, this magnificent structure was the world's tallest building for 11 months before the Empire State stole its thunder.
(to the tourists) Everyone make it over alive?
Excellent.
What shape is Times Square?
These things are amazing.
The ground rises up! Thank you, sir.
Everyone else is happy to see one in the zoo and leave it there.
Good afternoon, Mr Bach-Templemead.
Hi Grant.
What else? Um...tripped over in the shower this morning.
Amazing.
You were such a sweet baby.
As the delightful coffee-coloured gentleman who runs this country said, `The time has come to set aside childish things.'
I say this with love: Uh-oh...
Peace be with you.
(glances up at the fan) Bit warm in here.
Let's knock our heads together and find a way to stop her loving me....Got it!
You made love to a guy?
You made love to a Moslem?
No, sir, it was Prince Alois of Lichtenstein and he made love to me.
It's a miracle!
Shall we go? ...the chef has bathed the bass in a parceline of Chilean fennel and finished him with a little gift of kobe beef.
A bowl of champagne and a spoon.
Dane Cook.
I love you, Arthur.
And you love me, whatever you think.
Susan, you're beautiful.
Is there really no one else who could make you happy?
Nobody who drinks like you can be happy.
Ladies and gentleman - the happy couple!
It's nice to keep it simple like this.
You're rich rich, aren't you?
Love you too.
Where he eats Popeye's Chicken n' Biscuits in front of Sounds like you're very good to him.
(looks at her phone) Nice bit of kitsch.
So it's a picnic in the sky!
It's this company called `Aerial Delights'.
(strikes a Zen pose) `When you can be calm in the midst of activity, this is the true state of nature': Huanchu Daoeren.
A kids' book.
Sunshine Press'.
Great.
`Picnic in the sky' followed by `Robbed in the sky'!
We're 180 feet up in the sky!
Good stuff, right?
No! That's the bouquet of world hams!
I had fun tonight.
This is a good one.
You got a good one here, honey.
This is going to be the happiest day of my life!
She's my wedding planner.
Reminiscent of a French castle perched 500 feet above New York, the penthouse was known from early days as the `Chateau in the Sky'.
Where George Gershwin and the Astors danced to Shep Fields and his Rippling Rhythm Orchestra.
He's fun.
Your kids' book.
`The Boy Whose Heart Escaped'.
It was about this kid who wakes up to find his heart has climbed out and is shinning down the drainpipe to freedom.
I love it.
It was just this cute little heart bouncing up and down shouting `You can't catch me, mofo!'.
Did he catch the heart?
I loved Frog and Toad! `Frog put the cookies in a box.
` Now we have no more cookies to eat' `Excellent!' said Toad, `I am going home now to bake a cake.' Classic addict.
That was beautiful.
Well done!
I'll get you a beer, yeah?
I just have to be alone for a minute...Oh, G-d, I can't bear it... Designed by William Van Allen and inspired by the machine age of the 1920s, the Chrysler... Hey.
But it was a lovely routine, really.
Fantastic outfit.
To - a garden?
Thanks.
We're going to move things up tempo now with `The Only Thing That Looks Good On Me Is You.' Splendid affair, Susan.
Don't thank me, thank Erica.
You are not to pull him out of that party on my behalf.
You're gonna get through this, babe.
Nice dress.
People like in Shakespeare in Love, who esprouse the same values I have always upheld both in my business and spiritual life.
Thank you, Burt!
I'm so happy for Arthur and Susan.
What business is your family in?
Hm? Oh, I'm the heiress to a fortune built on small pets.
Tiny dogs.
I'm here to give Arthur some very important news.
Do not leave that party.
Please.
It's okay, Hobson's fine.
I give you the amazing costly, health-giving presents!
'Wake up and Smell the Carcass'.. (reads the DVD) `A compilation of the band's most stomach-churning music videos and deathly live performances...' Put this on, please.
That's great news.
I've loved caring for you so much.
It's like when Nixon my Great Dane had to be put down.
But I pulled myself together.
You had damn well better be at that wedding, boy.
Better hurry.
The church is the big stone pointy thing full of rich people.
Thanks.
If you burst into song, you're off this bus.
The girl at the party?
I love her.
We live our lives.
Everyone wins.
Good evening, St. John the Divine!
Great.
Money good.
(off their stares:) What?
How do you like it?
I'm nice to people where it pays me to be.
I'm in a bind right now with Hunsecker so -- (grimly) Every dog has his day!
The kid is only great.
And with ten percent of his future, you're great, too, Frank.
Went over to Philly yesterday an' seen the folks...it's nice you send them the fifty a month... (after a pause) See my mother?
Thanks for the publicity spread you got the boys for the benefit tomorrow.
(begrudgingly) Robard's my client.
Yeah, and it's the truth, to the best of my knowledge.
I manage these boys and I got their best interests at heart.
That's a nice tour.
(abruptly grinning) How do you think I realized I love you?
I made you write a beautiful song... No, you had me eating that Chinese food!... Can more than two enjoy this joke... (to Susan) Hello, Susie, I didn't expect to find you here.
It's been an honor to serve you gratis.
I'm feeling too good to fight with you, but that isn't what I said - I said you snoop.
Listening...? Avidly.
And naturally - You were thrilled to be interviewed.
(with a nod) But, Sidney darling, the man must be out of his mind - it was only eleven o'clock in the morning!
(solemnly) Lots of good people in this town are dependent on her brother... You're touchy, Sidney - don't be so touchy... (gruffly) I wasn't looking for a brawl.
I came to bring him a present.
Susie, your brother's one of my best friends, and - I know.
It's an eight month tour, all the way to Oregon... Well, congratulations.
Chickie, I'll have to laugh at that - an attractive girl like you...! I hope that J.J. really likes Steve, that it isn't an act.
(lightly) It's not my nature, Susie, but I'll talk to you like an uncle... (smiling) But I don't need an uncle, Sidney.
If you're funny, James, I'm a pretzel!
Not cheap - but nice.
You see, J.J., where I get my reputation for being the best-informed man in Washington.
Why? (pointing to the phone) A man has just been sentenced to death... Manny, what exactly are the UNSEEN gifts of this lovely young thing that you manage...? Well, she sings a little...you know, sings... (by rote) Manny's faith in me is simply awe- inspiring, Mr. Hunsecker.
See that grin?
The moist grateful eye is a favorite face with him - it frequently ties in with the act of boyish candor: he's talking straight from the heart, get it?
Only our good and great friend, J.J., forgets to mention that.
Because that's another part of a press agents life - he digs up scandal among prominent men and shovels it thin among the columnists who give him space.
You're a family man.
Saving tips?
It's my Brooklyn background, J.J. I'm good on Yiddish, too.
I love this dirty town.
(sardonically) Ha! My right hand hasn't seen my left hand for thirty years!
Let me make a living!
I never had the pleasure of meeting your wife.
Leo, I've never had the pleasure of meeting your wife... Loretta...Sidney Falco... (chatty) How do you do, Mr. Falco.
(nodding with emphasis) Yeah! (aggressively) And he's a perfect stranger to me.
He's an important man - he's lonely - don't be dumb!
(as emphatic) Listen, you need him for a favor, don't you!
(persuasively) Honey - he's going to help you!
(as he opens the door) How many snorts does it take to put you in that Tropical Island Mood? (an inspiration) Havana!
Blessings on thee, the both...well... Gotta run now.
Palm Springs.
You sound happy, Sidney.
Why should you be happy when I'm not? (then) I'll see the papers when I get up.
(to phone) It would be nice if you mentioned R-O-B-A-R-D - Robard's jazz joint -- it's his 20th anniversary.
You've said that six times - that's why I'm smiling.
(scowling) Good!
Uh...uh... (to phone, continuing) If there's a funnier man in the world than Herbie Temple at the Palace...uh...pardon us for not catching the name, we were too busy laughing.
(then) It's sweet of you, J.J., thanks.
He comes to my office and - Boys, this gets nobody nowhere - you're over excited, Steve and - (sharply) Don't apologize for me, Frank! ...excited with good reason, I wanted to say.
This is life, kid - get used to it!
All they have to do now is to put two and two together and I'm a chicken in a pot! J.J., peace on earth, good will to men - it's working out just the way I planned.
(levelly) I read your column every day... Susie, I like this new attitude of yours.
This Dallas boy must be good for you.
This time I'll clean my glasses for a better look.
You're brain is warming up, sweetheart - yeah, Dallas!... (then) No, don't explain your point of view, but... "I was reminded of it this morning, when I noticed that the birds had gone South.
(he clicks the watch, pauses to underline the phrase, continues:) A man has the right to face his accusers!
If I go over I'll cut some items off the tail... "From Washington through to Jefferson, from Lincoln and F.D.R. right up to today - the Democratic Way of Life!
That's grand, just grand, J.J.! (then, anxiously) Is my makeup all right?
You look fine.
(a glance at Sidney) What's so funny?
(who is smiling faintly) With a pocket fulla firecrackers - good.
(narrowly) I think you loused this up but good.
We're going great, but please play it my way.
What about that...? (uneasily) Steve was excited...he didn't mean it exactly the way it's stated here... (to Steve) How did you mean it...? What he likes to--- J.J., I don't want to say--- Both of you keep quiet!
Susie and I love each other, if I'm not mistaken, and we want to get married.
Give him credit---the boy's gall is gorgeous!
Son, you raise your voice again and you'll be outa here on your golden pratt!
Sidney, you were right -- the boy's a dilly.
(softly) You did it, J.J., you did it good... (softly) You in a mood, Susie, to run over to Milgrim's later and buy a few new frocks?
That reminds me, J.J., Susie looks run down.
People say, "Oh, the great J.J., he's made of iron!", but you can use a rest, guy.
(smiling) But not for anything I did today... Sidney, I know human nature.
That's good.
Now that louse is outa Susie's hair for good.
Don't you see that today that boy wiped his feet on the choice, on the predilections of sixty million men and women of the greatest country in the world!
He won't forget it and he won't forgive... (as she comes forward to join them) Good evening, Mr. D'Angelo.
(with a twinkle) We serve here only moka coffee.
(smiling faintly) Make it moke.
A year from now you might thank your stars that it turned out this way.
It's not going to look so good, right in front of the club... (heavily humorous) It's nice, Sidney, that you give me this tip... (interjecting) - He's got them on him.
(with a guffaw) Come back here, Sidney...I wanna chastise you!... (urgently) Steve! (fondly) Press this in your friendship book...Love is a crooked thing, friendship not... (then, sheepishly) You see, it comes out in the wash of a few drinks -- I'm a very sentimental guy.
Listen, get a good night's sleep - tomorrow's another day.
You'll be the man who drove his little stainless sister to suicide... Honey, I'll just have to smile at that.
I'm not a man, Sidney, I'm - I know that bit - you're a girl; you need a man to give you strength!
Go in and see what she's doing!
I don't usually give away presents; but this is my gift to you: Get out of here!
(a sneering laugh) That's bunk in a book!
Only a great person understands another great person, and that leaves you out! (continuing) - That leaves you ALL out!
Yes! Guardians Screening Script 9/6/12 Avid 4. Ah, finally!
Have you ever seen a more adorable lateral incisor in all of your life?! Look how she flossed!
Oh, this better be good, North.
Sandy, thank you for coming.
Mate, if I did this to you three days before Christmas-- (to her fairies) Argentina.
Please.
Easter is not Christmas.
Look, mate, I'm dealing with perishables.
(to Man in Moon) It's been a long time old friend!
The Groundhog's fine!
(smile drops - offended) Hey.
Well, wasn't bigfoot kiddo.
Stop! Aha, whoa!
It was amazing!
I love the Tooth Fairy! (his fun cut short) Oh, no... That's totally awesome.
What about all that fun we just had?
Guardians Screening Script 9/6/12 Avid 25. ...I did this jump and it was amazing and I slide under a car and it was awesome!
Oh, they really do sparkle like freshly fallen snow.
Girls, pull yourselves together... Let's not disgrace the uniform.
This is the best part!
They're beautiful.
By Man in Moon.
(stares, dumbstruck) What?
Okay, one ride, but that's it.
Everyone loves the sleigh.
Oh thank goodness!
Whoa! Hey, easy, girl.
Easy.
Such happy times for me.
Lifting their hearts!
Here we go, here we go... Hop to it rabbit, I'm five teeth ahead!
Oh, you don't wanna race a rabbit, mate.
You guys have been leaving gifts, right?
The Easter Bunny?...Sandman...The Tooth Fairy!
Hop! Hop! Hop! Guardians Screening Script 9/6/12 Avid 68.
Haha! Yes! Waaahahoooo!
(looks up, pleading) Okay, easy!
I'd say sweet dreams, but there aren't any left.
Someone who knows how to have a little FUN! Guardians Screening Script 9/6/12 Avid 77.
But Sandy wo-- (putting his hand on Would be proud of what you did.
I don't know who you were in your past life, but in this life you are Guardian.
He's tipped the balance.
Easter is tomorrow and I need your help.
Bunny is right.
As much as it pains me to say old friend, this time Easter is more important than Christmas!
Everyone, to the sleigh!
That's adorable.
Too Christmas-y, mate, paint `em blue.
That's a beauty!
Now all we gotta do is get him and his little mates through the tunnels, to the top, and we'll have ourselves Easter.
I love her! Guardians Screening Script 9/6/12 Avid 85.
Trust me, I'll be quick as a bunny.
Jack... (waving Baby Tooth off) Baby Tooth, Baby...come on!
Well let me ease your mind about one thing.
Baby Tooth!
Happy Easter, Jack.
I give up.
We'll give them a world where everything, everything is... Pitch black...
But first... Baby Tooth!
Baby Tooth!
You're funny, Jack.
We're gonna have a little fun instead.
I promise.
It's as easy as...one...whoaaaa... Two... (the next jump) Three!
Come on Baby Tooth!
We won't be needing any Christmas toys this year, thank you! Nor ever again!
That was me! Cool! Right?!
But what about the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy I mean-- Real-real-real!
Oh...no... That's the Easter Bunny?
He used to be huge and cool!
Quick, this way this way!
There are other ways to snuff out a light.
I can't tell you how happy it makes me to see you all like this.
But you're gonna be alright... We're gonnna have a little fun, instead.
Whoa! Cool! Jamie, how are you doing that?! Jack Frost!
Huh?! Merry Christmas!
Happy Easter!
G'day, mate!
The Sandman! Man, this is so cool!
Welcome back, old friend!
You dare have fun in my presence!
Are you ready now, Jack?
To make it official.
Then congratulations, Jack Frost - for you are now and forevermore...a Guardian.
Yeah! Wooo! Good job, mate.
Good job! Alright!
That's my boy! Woo! Alright Jack.
Yeah! Awesome!
Keep it together, girls.
Yeah, Jack! Yay! Yeah!
Yay! Awesome, yay!
Whoa, that was awesome!
That's awesome!
(to North, wryly) Everyone loves the sleigh.
Sounds fine.
You can drink your good whiskey You can drink your cold can beer- Not much of a crowd.
Got an attraction like Bertha Mae- You can lay up with your sweet gal But Poppa don't you leave me here Singin is one thing, Slick.
Come to listen to that box of his.
Thanks, China Doll.
The lady is singing.
But didn't nobody come to listen to her, Slick.
You lookin good tonight.
(flirting) You know what you can do for me, sweet man.
Your God wants to chastise some sinners He best move on over to Toussaint's, got a whole barroom crowded with em.
He's everybody's God.
(smiles) Well, she must have lost Him again between then and now, cause she come down that aisle tonight hollering in tongues.
Come here sweet Poppa Let me whisper in your ear Come here sweet Poppa Let me whisper in your ear Go back to Alabama But don't you leave your Momma here That was outstandin, baby.
Imonna crank it up some, see if we can draw a little life in here- Maceo crosses and plugs an ancient-looking tabletop JUKEBOX in.
The jukebox sputters to life, LIGHTS FLASHING ON and MUSIC BLARING for a moment, then the LIGHTS FLICKER and all the POWER in the club goes OFF!
(grins) I stood by there a while.
SHERIFF PUGH(cont'd) You get these field hands suckin down that whiskey, hop em all up with music, there's gonna be some razors drawn.
You folks have a pleasant evening, now.
We TIGHTEN on Ty's face.
A long TRAIN WHISTLE echoes outside- Bertha Mae pauses as she climbs the FRONT PORCH of her two- story wooden HOUSE, the nicest in the neighborhood, listening to the TRAIN WHISTLE with a troubled look on her face.
He steps forward and catches a bit of light-- Lucky the high-sheriff aint here to see you crawl outta that boxcar.
I growed up here.
Listen, is there a place to- (points) Switchman's shed, right over there, has got a cot.
Don't mind the rats none, less you got food on you- and I can see you and a good meal has been strangers for some time.
Thanks.
Shack points to the SIGN hanging down from the lip of the platform roof- The sign reads- Name like that, must be a good place for musicians.
Sun comes up, you'll see where you landed.
And you best be out of that shed by first light.
Biggest act in New Orleans, got him a hit on the radio- He's playing here Saturday night.
Maceo holds the poster up to the lamplight, warming to the idea- Guitar Sam at the Honeydripper.
Down on you vacation?
Nearest town is Harmony.
You better get pickin.
More you get first thing when the dew still on it, the more it weighs when it tip that scale.
Ty is tacking one of the Guitar Sam POSTERS on the front of the building.
Guitar Sam aint gonna play by no candlelight.
Breakfast ready!
That is a sweet woman you got.
(smiles) Darlin, that's not the kind of thing a man cares about from a woman.
Pinetop Purvis who owes two hundred dollars to Lucky Hardaway up in Little Rock- He's gonna get his- Pinetop who missed last month's rent- After this weekend- After this weekend you gonna be the same raggedy-ass piano player can't pay his debts off and Mr. Simmons here gonna be the new proprietor.
Saturday night.
We cleared over two hundred that one weekend- Couple years back- And we didn't have no Louisiana guitar wizard playin neither.
Whiskey wagon come by! Ty steps out of the club carrying one of the Guitar Sam posters- Y'all a day late.
Well this is like a special case, see- we got the harvest coming in, soldiers at the base gonna be let out on leave- Saturday night.
Maceo's smile fades and he looks to Ty- Man, this better be some Saturday night.
Where they make the movies.
Fine-looking girl like you, ought to been all kinds of places.
First I'm going to beauty school when Mama saves up the money and then I have a portable skill- Like playin music.
Ty gives Sonny a distrustful look- And you, young man, want to point yourself west down that highway.
Delilah is washing breakfast dishes, SINGING a gospel song as she works- I see four and twenty elders Down on their knees I see four and twenty elders Down on their knees Well they all turn together Standing to greet the rising sun I see four and twenty elders Down on their knees AMANDA WINSHIP, the mayor's pretty, high-strung wife, enters and hovers uneasily- Your biscuits were wonderful this morning, Delilah.
Thank you.
Mr. Skinner don't want nothin from colored folks but they buy his goods and shine his shoes.
Got your beautiful young daughter with you this mornin- Don't you be studyin her.
Better be careful, Tyrone.
Ty glares at Possum- Be careful yourself.
(pleased) Tyrone!
And here's my baby- how's your mama doing, China Doll?
You go ahead and move right on, Shack.
Ty softens, walks back to stand beside her- I'm sorry, baby.
China Doll smiles weakly- So- why Miss Spivey gonna give you money, you don't let her sing at the club any more?
Imonna make her a proprietor.
Fine lookin man.
Got that New Orleans style to him.
Ty coaches China Doll as they climb the stairs- We make like we just come by to see how she's keepin, and then I'll kind of mention how I been thinking of bringing her on as a partner- Left the door open.
We can hear Bertha Mae's VOICE singing on a scratchy old RECORD.
Ty frowns.
China Doll and Ty trade a look- We start on the RECORD PLAYER, needle down on the spinning song, then RACK to see Bertha Mae, laying DEAD in her bed.
That's a good part of my life.
He slows, seeing- The SHERIFF'S CAR is sitting at the side of the road, a COUNTRY SONG playing on the radio- He decides to brave it, walks ahead with his eyes fixed straight ahead.
Maceo nails a Guitar Sam POSTER to a tree, looks over his handiwork.
An ARMY PLATOON trudges into the crossroads, sweat-soaked and footsore- Maceo watches, pleased, as the black soldiers check the poster out as they pass- Saturday night, fellas!
Nice lookin bunch of soldiers.
In your church?
The church I grew up in- we were Pentacostals- they wouldn't have anything but the human voice inside the church.
And dancing- any kind of dancing, music, card playing-- well, it was very strict.
They're good people too.
(smiles) China Doll!
Ty sits staring, mind working overtime, staring at the dead woman on the bed.
She sold a good deal of the furniture, but there's still a nice- lookin sofa in the parlor.
Ty closes his eyes and buries his head in his hands- Blazing hot.
(smiles) Aint enough whiskey in this world wash out what I swallowed in my life.
Two bits a hand.
LIGHTS on inside- Ty and China Doll sit as Delilah lays dinner on the table.
She is dressed to go out- I expect there'll be a nice turnout for Bertha Mae tomorrow.
Folks who wouldn't have nothin to do with her when she was alive.
Everbody in town talkin bout Guitar Sam comin to Harmony.
Reverend Cutlip steps to the center of the platform and looks around at the souls gathered- The Highway of Life, Brothers and Sisters, will twist you and turn you, it will run you this way and that way, it will tempt you with many a detour-- for the Highway of Life, Brothers and Sisters, is designed to lead us astray!
The one that leads to the right hand of God! Praise His name!
The thoroughfare I'm talking about, the righteous path we got to tread, is called the Highway to Heaven, and by the great Lord above it is straight and it is narrow!
She lived it how she sang it.
Ty is silent.
The MUSIC gets LOUDER, FASTER, Possum MOANING and WHOOPING, stomping his foot- We TIGHTEN on Ty's face, tighter, tighter, then DISSOLVE TO: We're in a BAR ROOM- smoke, heat, packed bodies- Possum's SONG grows more intense as we TRACK IN on GUITAR MAN- young, with slick hair a moustache and tons of attitude.
Ty takes a deep breath, hoping- Mourners are walking back down the country road where we saw the coffin carried.
She always seemed at peace with herself.
The Reverend is not too pleased with Delilah's forgiving attitude- We're all hoping to see you get over and accept the Lord tonight, Delilah.
I'm hoping so too.
He halts by Ty for a moment, watching.
You know music folks- whatever he was doin, he must have done too much of it.
The porters LAUGH.
Possum sits listening to the single SLIDE NOTES he plays, as if tuning his guitar- Somebody didn't show up.
Ty sits drinking, brooding, PLAYING and SINGING softly at the piano.
Maceo is at the bar- Well I had my fun if I Don't get well no more Well I had my fun if I Don't get well no more My head is spinnin And I'm goin down slow- Man don't take care of hisself- out drinkin and jazzin the women every night- Don't make any difference now.
Might not of had shoes always, but their pants didn't have no holes and they didn't pick no cotton.
Sonny that was here yesterday morning.
I hope he plugs it in the wrong socket some night, lectrocutes his sorry no-show ass! (thinking out loud) Now if he did show up here-- and our power was to go out again while he was playing- I think I fixed it good this time, Ty.
You don't hand me that money Sunday mornin, you got yourself a new partner.
(smiles) And that wife of yours- (wary) Delilah- Them fried chicken sandwiches- if I was to come by, now and then, check up on my interests- She be happy to fix you whatever you want.
Ty pulls away, leaving the less fortunate stooped in the field- MUSIC plays on the RADIO as Nadine masterfully works her SEWING MACHINE and Maceo stands by uneasily.
(fishing) You know, I do my best work, my fastest work, when I'm happy.
Yeah, I spose you do- Nadine looks up at him from the sewing machine- You gone make me happy, baby?
Maceo nervously makes for the door- Uhm- you come by the club tonight, we havin a special show.
What's that, baby?
`A career in beauty is like money in the bank.'
Mine been actin funny too- since I laid eyes on you.
They always joke about how this stuff'll straighten your hair right out- Imonna just make yours relax a little.
He glances up at Ty and Maceo, trying not to plug their ears as the boy continues to PLAY- Mr. Time Trenier- that's a name to be reckoned with.
Time doesn't seem to react to the flattery- Story goes that you used to play with Buddy Bolden.
Never any shortage of bands, down New Awlins.
That's a deal then.
Ty looks up to see Sonny with his hair pressed under a tight cap made from an old STOCKING- Right.
Sonny begins to stroll around the edge of the club, looking at PHOTOS and SHOWBILLS on the walls- China Doll said how you was famous once.
Ty is pleased at his step-daughter's bragging, but doesn't show it- I was known, but I was never what you call famous.
And you were the piano man.
He grabs hold of one, thinking- Delilah is in her kitchen, HUMMING a GOSPEL SONG to herself, apron on as she begins to make a pie.
Maceo opens a beer with the church-key hanging from the icebox handle, takes a gulp and sits to ponder this new development- We hear the revival meeting CHOIR SINGING an upbeat number as Opal, dressed for Saturday night, checks herself out in a spotted, cracked MIRROR and works on her make-up- You got to choose Got to choose tween the fire and the Light MUSIC CONTINUES.
He passes a telephone pole and we HOLD on the Guitar Sam POSTER tacked up on it- Train is leavin Better jump on board!
They look out at the growing crowd.
Ty is grim- See if you can push another round of drinks while I stall em.
Dex is joined by several OTHERS in the club, calling out-We come to hear the guitar man play!
Guitar You be on those wires.
Ty hurries out to him, with a panic-stricken smile on his face- Didn't think we'd be seeing you so soon!
See them army uniforms- Yeah, well we got ourselves this special attraction, see, and- Chicken.
Huh? Them ribs outside smell real good, but I got my heart set on some of your Delilah's fried chicken.
Right- She made it last Saturday at the mayor's but ole Clayford Gentry was up from Eufala and he got the drumsticks.
I like the spicy fine but it always come back to nip me later.
Don't want to scare off the customers- Oh Lord- So here's what you all been waitin for, people, the noted performer and recordin star- -direct from New Orleans, Louisiana- -Guitar Sam!!!! Sorry, folks- must of got kicked on the train.
There's good rockin tonight!
There's good rockin tonight!
Thank you, Jesus.
The audience goes wild, a half-dozen couples dancing now, others clapping and finger-popping and jumping to the beat where they stand.
Sonny shakes out the long CORD attached to his guitar- China Doll is trying to keep collecting from the new CUSTOMERS pressing in the door and dance at the same time, thrilled by the music.
There's good rockin tonight- Have you heard the news?
There's good rockin tonight- We FOLLOW as Maceo hustles back and forth, trying to keep up with orders for ribs, bring cold beers out from the icebox, etc.
You an me got bidness together.
That's Creole Guitar Sam you talkin bout, Pops.
I'm Delta Guitar Sam.
Can't forget you baby Oh when you gonna treat me right?
We TIGHTEN on TY.
Well, gentlemen, this is the night there won't be no pitiful song written bout you two killin each other.
(to Dex) Yours first.
Oh China Doll Got to let you into my heart!
Ty rushes to the piano, joins in jamming with the other players- Slick sits on a tomb, drinking wine, MOONLIGHT spilling over Bertha Mae's fresh-dug GRAVE.
He listens to the MUSIC in the far distance- Sound like the music movin on again, darlin.
I want her alive!
Secret mission?
But there was a lot of firing earlier... Hey, easy with those... Don't worry about it, Wormie.
And no transmissions were made.
Well, I'm not going that way.
This way is much easier.
I'm saved!
Well, come on, Red, let's go.
This oil bath is going to feel so good.
Well, if there's a bright center to the universe, you're on the planet that it's farthest from.
With all we've been through, sometimes I'm amazed we're in as good condition as we are, what with the Rebellion and all.
Well, my little friend, you've got something jammed in here real good.
She's beautiful.
He's our new master.
I'd better play back the whole thing.
Luke! Come to dinner!
Well, come on.
Boy, am I glad to see you!
The Sandpeople are easily startled but they will soon be back and in greater numbers.
He was the best star-pilot in the galaxy, and a cunning warrior.
And he was a good friend.
It surrounds us and penetrates us.
Well, most of the best freighter pilots can be found here.
Listen, why don't you wait out by the speeder.
Here's where the fun begins!
I surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself!
You'd better get on with your exercises.
He made a fair move.
Let the Wookiee win.
It's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense.
Stretch out with your feelings.
Look, going good against remotes is one thing.
Going good against the living?
That's good.
Stay and watch over the droids.
Ben is a great man.
Princess Leia.
Rich?
Rich, powerful!
I better!
Wonderful girl!
Nice! Come on!
Open the blast doors!
Open the blast doors!
Blast the door!
(to Luke) Come on, buddy, we're not out of this yet!
Great kid! Don't get cocky.
There are still two more of them out there! (laughing) That's it!
Help!
This had better work.
Easy... you call that easy?
Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess.
He's got to follow his own path.
Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot in the outer rim territories.
I met your father once when I was just a boy, he was a great pilot.
Thank you, sir.
Listen, you'll tell me your stories when we come back.
Not on your life!
That little droid and I have been through a lot together.
Okay, easy she goes!
I'm on my way in now... Watch yourself!
Great shot, kid.
They pay with their lives and their freedom.
Have a nice life.
First thing Fleet Academy looks at is your math scores.
Good for you.
Reflexes are critical I have good reflexes.
We humans like to think we are Nature's finest achievement.
It has fewer moving parts, can reproduce itself in vast numbers, and unboud by concerns of ego and mortality, makes the perfect selfless member of society.
Better put your goggles on.
Our galaxy is teaming with insect life.
Human minds have invented art, mathematics and interstellar travel.
Over a million years of evolution, Nature has provided the Arachnids with the biological means to hurl their spore into space.
Your parents are rich they don't need to be citizens, and that stuff means a lot to my dad.
Well, if your dad doesn't like me, how come we're such good friends ?
Two of hearts.
You had such a bright little face... Aw, don't get mushy.
I just want to get out on my own and see the Galaxy for a couple of years.
Good, because you're going to Harvard, and that's the end of it.
He's the smartest kid at school !
Carl's a fine boy...
I don't know what they teach at Harvard, but I think I'm pretty good enough the way I am !
Hey, Rico, wanna dance ?
Isn't it great to be in love ?
I'll meet you outside.
I just wanted to say thanks 'cause History and Moral Philosophy was the best class I had this year.
(smiling) Well, it's not really my job to please.
Good for you.
Which do you think is more important, courage or confidence ?
I'm happy to tell you that you've been accepted for Federal Service.
Wow, that's great.
My job is to dertermine what you're best suited for.
It looks like the only thing you're good for is cannon fodder.
Good for you.
Well, good for you.
He's gonna be so happy !
I love you.
Alright, I love you.
You will be a new person.
It is the best... BUT WHAT MAKES YOU I'd like to disable Zim...! Improper Attitude !
What an honor... Hey, don't laugh.
I joined up to get out on my own.
It isn't about rich... It's about who's best...! Coming through !
Wanting it doesn't make you the best one for the job.
Don't look that way to me.
Over there's my bunk where I dream about you every night... Ace, Kitten Smith, Shujumi and Breckinridge dance around and moon the Hey, do you mind ?
I want to feel you next to me, I- I love you truly, so truly, dear...! Our love will grow, dear, year by year... Bye !
Sir, thank you, sir !
Do you think anyone has ever been so pleased with himself ?
Friends ?
Shhhh...! I'm glad you're doing so well.
It's great to be out here on my own.
I wanted to win, sir.
It helps.
Thanks.
You read my mind.
I'll fix your favorite.
We'll talk it out and have a good glass of wine ... and... well, we love you, son.
Well, see ya.
(then) Sir, my family... my whole family was in Buenos Aires, sir.
Everyone's doing their share.
Retiring Sky Marshall Dienes salutes incoming SKY MARSHALL TEHAT MERU, 75, Accepting responsibility for Klendathu, Sky Marshall Dienes resigns.
His successor, Sky Marshall Tahat Meru, outlines her new strategy.
Funny... I'm not kidding.
Marriage is - No, funny there's almost no wounded at all.
He was great.
He was a teacher , kind of a know it all... Always had this little smile.
Geez, I don't think I've ever seen him smile.
You used to dance...
Yes, sir... Never pass up a good thing, eh ?
We control the sky until retrieval !
300 rounds and counting, sir !
First group, now...! Alright, Flores !
The Sky Marshall's here.
Listen up, Roughnecks !
Thanks.
Take my hand !
Been better, buddy.
Don't be a hero...
(calling) Mommy, which box has our toys?
I'm in town for my Mom's birthday.
No -- that's her gift.
It looks very pretty.
Thank you.
It looks good on their coffee table, though.
Your husband ran off with your best friend.
She wasn't my "best" friend.
She was a friend.
You know, I know this really cool lady who runs this elementary school -- I wrote a piece on her.
Great! (takes his last bite of sandwich) If she hires you, though, you have to be willing to relocate.
Welcome to East Harlem.
This is Dennis Rausch, our music teacher and program coordinator.
Will you hire her now?
Your mom must be a good teacher.
(shrugs) She's O.K. (to Roberta) If you could teach our students to play like that, I'd be thrilled, but -- I can.
(with a grateful look) Thank you.
Please.
O.K. Thank you.
That's much better.
Roberta -- last night was great but did you think I was gonna marry you in the morning?
Congratulations.
Good.
Honey, we don't have a puppy.
Good night, sweetie.
Good.
I saw him this morning but he's not here.
I'll help you Roberta -- but I can't hold your hand here.
I'm teaching you a difficult instrument because I respect you and have faith that you can learn it.
(calm, detached) I'm back in the States.
To buy breakfast.
But everyone else is better than me.
No. He's one of the greatest violinists in the world, and he has problems with his legs too.
He walks with two canes -- but he still makes the most beautiful music.
You can stand strong on the inside too.
No. Look what I made you, Mommy! (covering her discomfort) That is so beautiful!
It was a happy day.
Was Daddy happy too?
He loves you and Lexi very much.
Have you practiced?
(beat) The important thing is that when Naeem plays music, his whole face lights up.
I'd love that.
Twinkle.
I'm proud of you.
Well, that was... that was pretty good... that wasn't too bad...
Good.
Don't you want a nice teacher?
I already got nice teachers.
I love you.
(beat) You look real pretty today, honey.
Why did you hire him?
Yep, that's how it comes now.
Well, we don't.
Now why don't you and your brother practice while I make dinner.
This is a wonderful opportunity for you, so I want you to talk to your parents about whether you'd like to try this.
First things first, Justin.
C'mon Mom, let's get out of here.
Relax your two, Simon...
But is she practicing for you too?
It makes him happy.
I am special.
Your parents are gonna be so excited to hear you play!
(to Ramon) You're doing much better.
You wanna hear my new song, Papa? (in Spanish) Not right now.
The violin makes him want to be good at everything.
It wasn't always so easy to be nice to him, you know?
Heaven.
I promise.
When you said you were beautiful, you were telling the truth.
I had a lot of fun tonight.
And I had a very nice time... but I'm not sure if I'm ready to get involved with anyone right now.
Well... he's nice.
Good night, Nick.
sitting at the kitchen table with a glass of wine, her face ashen.
I'm a good teacher.
I've worked so hard to give these kids something to be proud of.
I did not risk my life.
The Board of Education and the District Superintendent don't think that music is important for our children.
(half to herself) It better be a good concert.
Listen up, everyone!
Plus night time rehearsals during the week.
De Sean! (hugs them) Guadalupe!
How can we practice?
No. It's 7:30 in the morning.
The concert's in three weeks!
This is the grand finale of the concert!
You're each gonna be sharing a music stand with one of the world's greatest violinists!
(grabs the pillow) Finish getting dressed!
Thank you, Mama.
(beat) Thank you for getting me out of bed.
Don't thank me -- thank Charles.
Thank you, Charles.
Congratulations.
Thank you...
I'm glad I'm here to see it.
(extends a hand) I'm Guadalupe.
A pleasure to meet you, Guadalupe.
Us kids are gonna be great -- I don't know about you guys.
am assured that the people of England love their Queen.
My constant endeavour is to earn that love.
Londoners on the river banks wave and cheer.
Elizabeth, seated on the royal barge, sees them with satisfaction.
Elizabeth sits with her favourite seated beside her, her youngest and prettiest maid of honour, BESS THROCKMORTON.
(to Bess) And good legs.
You'll want good legs.
And sweet breath.
Bess is now back in her place among the ladies.
lizabeth studies her true face as it comes into view.
Smile lines, my lady.
Smile lines?
When do I smile?
Now you have smile lines too.
Why do you close your ears to the voice of your loving God?' Foresters at work felling great trees, working rhythmically, in pairs.
Still madly in love with you.
Young...
aleigh kneels before the Queen.
Elizabeth gestures for him Well, sir.
The honour to be in the presence of my Queen, whose radiant beauty is the boast and glory of the English people.
They long to be your newest subjects.
None to match England's Queen.
These gentlemen are welcome.
I also come bearing gifts for your majesty, from the New World.
She's an eager innocent 20-year-old, much loved by her father.
This is a pleasure.
ary and William go on into the family's living rooms.
Ursula meets her husband's eyes.
William is by the fire, listening to Mary playing the virginal and singing.
Walsingham and Ursula are by the dinner table.
Have you spoken to the Queen?
The Queen needs me.
Will the great breach in the church ever be healed?
(smiling) (to William) Green Revision May 25 - p.29 Walsingham shares a rueful smile with William that says, `Women, eh?'.
7 27 Elizabeth sits sumptuously gowned and jewelled at an ornately-dressed dining table, surrounded by her ladies, Bess among them; Walsingham discreetly in the background.
They're listening to a young Austrian make a formal speech of love.
Your majesty's beauty is dazzling to my eyes.
How blessed am I to stand in your fabled presence, warmed by your greatness as by the rays of the sun.
May that sweet sound guide me through my life to come - Elizabeth!
I have travelled here, to this illustrious court, in the hope that our two great nations might be joined in love.
Only your love, great Elizabeth, can restore me to life.
ourtiers exchange smiles at his efforts.
Your highness does me great honour.
It should prove almost as restorative as my love.
Raleigh enters the Great Hall, trailed by Calley, as the dinner gets under way.
They join the much larger group who simply stand and watch.
No man can be tired in the presence of so lovely a Queen.
A simple sailor, dazzled by the bright lights.
If you can bring yourself to leave the dazzle of the bright lights for a moment - May 1 Blue Draft - p.32 rawn away by the brightest light of all.
I don't presume to comment on the Queen's person.
She's called the virgin queen.
You are my friend, are you not?
Over this we hear Raleigh's voice telling of his adventures: It begins with a journey.
Your ship is small - tiny - a speck in such immensity.
You were hoping.
Hatton bows and leaves, frowning.
So you watch, you watch.
4 34 Elizabeth dances with Raleigh.
As they dance, his voice continues over; and Elizabeth seems to be listening to him.
The music ends, and the dance finishes.
That - that - is the New World.
The Queen does not have a private life.
The Queen lives for her people.
Are you satisfied with the Queen's favour?
Bess hurries after the Queen.
Such great spaces make us small.
Bess is watching them.
That can be my reward.
I think it must be hard for so great a Queen to know the simple pleasure of being liked for herself.
A word of advice.
I'm a cynical adventurer with little breeding and an excellent education.
I begin to see why the Queen likes you.
The Queen is in the bath, being washed by her ladies.
ess Throckmorton has the job of holding the Queen's hair out of the water as she's washed.
That I've never known the simple pleasure of being liked for myself?
Yes, my lady.
My soul will go free soon.
Asking to meet you.
Filled with declarations of love?
If she wants my love, let her deserve it.
Her ladies follow.
I grow accustomed to it.
May 1 Blue Draft 28 June - p. 59 ELIZABETH(cont'd) You come here as if from another world, and I - You have real adventures, you go where the maps end.
If anything, he admires and loves her all the more now.
Lord have mercy on the soul of your servant, who gives his life for your eternal truth... 4 54 A candle-lit cellar, where Reston and the conspirators pray for the condemned man, heads bowed.
Bess is on her knees before the simple altar, her head bowed in prayer.
That's the world we live in.
Become part of the new England.
She meets his eyes, filled with gratitude.
She kisses it, still holding his eyes.
He draws her back into his arms, and they kiss.
Bess, you must try a dance with Mr Raleigh.
Your majesty knows the dance better than I.
The dance begins again.
Elizabeth watches, smiling, nodding to the beat.
This time the Jesuit is pleased.
For the first time we see who it is: William, now revealed as one of the conspirators.
Let God's work begin.
He smiles, but there's sadness in his eyes.
I looked at you in your crib, with your little wrinkled face, and I loved you from the first.
Walsingham stares at him.
Eternal life.
CLOSE ON Elizabeth, surrounded by courtiers and bodyguards, as she processes from the Presence Chamber to the Chapel Royal.
The Queen is at her prayers! he chapel doors begin to close.
But we do have the chance of love.
I owe England my life.
Tomorrow morning.
The great timbered hall of the castle has been specially prepared for the execution.
She stands, smiling still, and holds out her arms to let her ladies disrobe her.
ow deeply distressed, Elizabeth suddenly bursts out of the Privy Chamber into the great Presence Chamber, tears welling into her eyes.
His eyes shine.
You will pay with your country- your throne- and your life!) ON WALSINGHAM - As he walks through the palace.
And of the Son - To her index finger - And of the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
lizabeth walks briskly through the great public rooms back to her quarters, with Walsingham by her side and her entourage following behind.
Are you with child?
Are you WITH CHILD?
Yes, my lady.
You dare to have secrets from me!
But you showed mercy, Walsingham!
Is it his child?
Is the child his?
Yes, my lady.
This is not the Queen I love and serve.
He meets her eyes.
When she speaks next, she is her proud self again.
Because by God, England will not fall while I am Queen!
I will not be a toy of the fates!
The crowd gives another mighty cheer.
When this day of battle is ended, we meet again in heaven, or on the field of victory. he greatest shout of all.
Philip sits staring at the flame of the candle.
A sailor notes the movement.
High in the rigging above, a sail flaps and bellies in a new direction.
God speed, my friend.
From underneath, men leap into the water.
A horse swims past, lit from flames above.
A clap of thunder, and the candle goes out.
Elizabeth stands there drinking in the tempest, the wind lashing her clothes and hair, but she loves it, lives it, breathes it.
This is her storm - her victory.
(drier) Yay.
Check ya later.
Happy birthday.
(smiles, amused) Yes, it's the age that's creepy, not the fact that you're dating a vampire.
(as if remembering) Oh, and hey, happy birthday.
It's great.
I don't have that particular gift.
But I can read a watch.
"Friends" don't spend two weeks looking for the perfect dreamcatcher.
Happy -- Shh! -- birthday.
You love it.
You had a vision about my birthday.
And about the green dress you'll be wearing to your party tonight.
Great color on you.
Please?
It'll be fun.
See ya at seven! Wait, Jasper, no fair with the mood control.
Arms, take your last embrace, and lips, O you, the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss... Here's to my love!
Come on, the last real birthday any of us had was Emmett's - I think Bing Crosby was on top of the charts.
I enjoy my work too much.
Helping people, saving lives.
It's still my birthday.
(off his nod) Kiss me?
You don't belong in my world.I belong with youYou don'tI'm coming I don't want you to come!
You're human.
Please.
Thank God.
(gentler) Go to Jacksonville, Baby.
Shopping.
That's how good a friend I am.
Shopping.
We'll be whoever you want, honey.
Ready for a thrill ride?
Charlie's gonna love that.
Enjoy the scenery.
Please.
That's good.
He's a good guy.
Where should we ride first?
Someplace sunny.
So we'll find our sunny spot, right?
And not from the top.
Thanks.
Just, you're actually... good looking.
Upgraded from good looking?
Tanya's "vegetarian" family was pleasant enough.
Eye for an eye, mate for a mate.
I love you.
She can help -- Like a leech lover's gonna help us.
Serve him right.
Easy money.
Good for hunting.
You are good with the weird.
Ha! Pay up.
Please.
Excellent.
There are other cool things about all this, like -- I heal fast.
(no!) Yeah, `cause that would be fun.
It's better.
That's a good thing, isn't it?
Thanks for driving - for everything.
I feel so honored... I'm hanging up now... Wait!...
Trust me.
(to the guys) I'll meet you there.
It was easier when we were both human, wasn't it?
Then why are you taking Bella to them like a bottle of wine to a party?
Right, she's better off here with Victoria stalking her.
I'm alive.
I'm alive, I'm -- You're here.
Bella, why don't you stay and enjoy the festival?
And we'll still win.
What a happy surprise!
(laughing) I can see that.
Fascinating.
(to Bella) Your gifts will make for an intriguing immortal.
Dear Caius, the girl's disappearance will be conspicuous at best.
Thanks?
Thank you, Esme.
It'll be best for Dad that way.
(beat) Would you be willing to trade for that?
Why are you so willing to give up your soul?
Well, he can talk to me first.
And it wasn't for your benefit, trust me.
I'm still grateful.
I'm here to remind you about a key point in the Treaty.
Good.
We spent the whole day together.
We bought music.
(to Summer) God, I love eating pancakes at night.
It's like the greatest thing ever.
How great is this?
Who cares about normal?! I'm happy.
You're happy?
These are great!
You're the best guy I know.
I've jumped in and swam in that sea!
I'm in love with Summer.
I love her smile.
I love her hair.
I love her knees.
I love how one eye is higher up on her face than the other eye.
I love how she looks in my Clash T- shirt.
I love how she looks when she's sleeping.
I love the sound of her laugh.
I love how she makes me feel.
I'm madly in love with that girl.
Other Mother's Day.
Well, Summer, everyone.
Everyone, Summer.
Your favorites.
She's... amazing.
He met a girl.
I know we've only been dating a few months but it's been...awesome.
And now, you and me, 8 days in Mexico... best spring break ever!
Last week you said you loved me!
Everything was going so great.
You remember how much I loved this song when you first played it for me?
But Amanda... this is a great fucking song!
In a world where good things happen to me.
Yeah well, that's not really where we live.
It was good.
"It was good."
She didn't say "It was good."
She said "It was good."
Emphasis on the good.
We're young.
We're in one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
Love?
There was this one girl, (to Tom) I gotta tell this story -- Summer, hold on... you don't believe in love?
Well mine too but -- Oh yeah, And I read in Newsweek, there were these scientists who found that by stimulating a part of the brain with electrodes you can make a person fall in "love" with a rock.
(can't help himself) Self-confidence!
(to Summer) This guy.
(beat, to Summer) He likes you.
Ok, goodnight McKenzie!
Hi, I'm Summer.. Summer, wow what an unusual name.
Tom, how come you've never mentioned you knew such a lovely little lady?
Nice to meet you.
Excellent.
They're happy.
This is fun.
You're fun.
Thanks.
Don't get too excited.
God yes!
A lot of people have problems with this, but to me, it makes both structures so much more beautiful side by side like that.
The guy who made this, Maybeck, he is a God.
The beauty of St. Patrick's is its humility.
See Tom, it's easy.
Guys, look, Summer and I...we know how we feel.
Things are going well.
Like saying to a girl "I love you."
Help me.
We can't talk during this song.
It's too beautiful.
"Through extensive research, we have found the six most effective ways to get over that lost love and make room in your heart for a new man to fill.
The body's release of endorphins will assuage the brain and provide a genuine sense of accomplishment and success."
Channel all of your energies to the core of your being for a new understanding of the self and others."
Charity.
Shoe Shopping!
Come on, I'm interested.
Well I'm glad you called.
Great.
I am thank you.
And this place is fancy right?
Thank you.
Great.
Good night Tom.
Good night.
Hey, Happy... birthday.
Love?
Philosophers, poets, scientists, everybody has a theory, don't they?
I've been happily married for 30 years.
The girl of my dreams would have a better rack.
But... truth is... Robyn's better than the girl of my dreams.
Congratulations.
"Good job," "well done," "way to go"...
Why don't you try... "Everyday you make me proud.
This is good Millie.
"To my wife, the love of my life.
I love you."
Happy birthday to the lean, sheen, and sizzly mocha queen!" How's that?
It sounds amazing.
Fantastic.
Hey! (looking at Summer) Hi Mom.
Mom, Martin, this is Summer.
Good?
Good.
Most days of the year are entirely unremarkable.
Most days have no real impact on the course of a life.
You've been much much better.
I appreciate what you're saying and, thank you, really, for putting up with me these past few months.
And I know now, she just isn't the kind of girl who can settle down with one person and be happy.
Great.
Thank you.
Good job Rhoda, I agree.
Really inspirational stuff.
Hansen, this is a place of business.
Wanna dance?
You having fun?
You were great this morning.
I'm good.
I'm great.
Are you making fun of me now?
That true love stuff... it's make-believe.
Ok cool.
Let's get breakfast.
Ok. It's amazing to me.
What is? Destiny, soulmates, true love.
God! Tom, don't go.
I should have listened to you, Summer.
This is funny?
What are you laughing at? (trying himself not to You're a crazy person!
This is funny to you?
It was good to see you.
I'm glad you're well.
Grew up not too far from here.
Nice area.
I love that church.
It's like my favorite structure in the city.
Thank you.
Now get ready.
Billy loves it.
When the chorus begins, the guys begin dancing in their seats in an unrealistic, synchronized, choreographed manner.
Excellent, Kumar.
Not that it's a surprise.
Kumar nods and smiles.
I'm not gonna be able to partake in our usual Friday night ritual.
Listen, I'd love to go home, but...
Got it?...Okay good.
(to Dr. Woodruff) Okay, where was I? Oh yes.
(confused) But...you have perfect MCAT scores!
Well, I'm not an idiot.
Is this your daughter?
Better ruck tomorrow!
Through the glass door, he sees... MARIA-- A beautiful, sweet-looking young woman of Puerto-Rican descent.
This is his dream girl.
They give each other a friendly smile.
Then come to White Castle and try our Slyder Special-- six burgers, fries, and a soft drink for only 2.99.
Don't you like food that's tasty and delicious?
(Instead of a "BILLY MADISON" poster, there's one of "HAPPY GILMORE.")
Wait-- we're watching The Gift on HBO.
You would never think a sweet, innocent girl like her would ever take her top off.
The only girls interested in me are girls I have no interest in.
God, she invites me to everything.
(to Harold) I can make the trip if you're willing to.
And you have that med school interview in the morning.
Well, I can't help you out there.
I'm so glad you showed up, Harold!
Awesome!
Well Kenneth, to be honest, it's pretty... ...awesome?
Trust me, you're gonna love this.
Kenneth looks proud of himself.
CLARISSA smiles.
CHRISTY starts laughing.
As they run, they suddenly see-- Harold and Kumar stop in their tracks when they see the EAST ASIAN STUDENTS ASSOCIATION party in full blast.
Two Cute Asian Chicks approach Kenneth... Hey, K-dog!
She was looking hot tonight!
HE UNZIPS HIS PANTS AND STARTS Oh yes! Yes, that's nice.
Good.
Dr. Patel, thank God I found you!
This guy's gonna die!!! It's a good thing I found you two.
The NURSE hands KUMAR what is essentially a LARGE NEEDLE!
Great catch doctor!
His sat is up to 94! Kumar is cool and collected.
Thanks.
Well, I met him at choir practice `bout four years ago.
But he had the most amazing voice -- like a baby canary.
Well, one day after Easter service, I told him how much I enjoyed his solo, and he just mustered up some courage and asked me out.
And we've been in love ever since.
Rock, paper, scissors to see who goes first?
Yo, man, thanks for picking me up.
Doogie Howser, M.D. was my favorite TV show growing up!
(curt) Hey, that's great.
That's a great name.
You should be proud of that name, son.
Thank you.
I'll become a cop!" Well, congratulations.
Well, thank you for being so understanding about Bradley.
Tarik looks up from his book... What?
The Cheetah walks over to Harold and begins licking Harold's face in friendship.
He likes me.
Pan up to the night sky for a time lapse.
It's as good as a car.
This is great!
Music plays as HAROLD and MARIA skip through THE LAND OF BURGERS, holding hands.
I love you, Harold.
I love you, Maria.
Victory is sweet!
Nice job, Roldy!
While they aren't fully embracing the song, it's clear they're kind of enjoying it.
My brother and I did it.
I'm not risking my life over a bunch of hamburgers.
Me and my white buddies are gonna [bleep] them up!
TWO GOOD-LOOKING GUYS (JON and HAYDEN) stare at Harold and Kumar's orders, amazed by their size.
They both look full and satisfied.
It was the best meal of my life.
Besides, I have to admit, it felt pretty cool saving that guy's life last night.
Hey, Rold, are you listening to me?
You're smart, funny, artistic.
That I'm your work horse!
There's plenty of time before my interview.
Eleven Kane papers, four Kane magazines merged, more sold, scrapped - Then four long years more - alone in his never-finished, already decaying, pleasure palace, aloof, seldom visited, never photographed, Charles Foster Kane continued to direct his falling empire ... vainly attempting to sway, as he once did, the destinies of a nation that has ceased to listen to him ... ceased to trust him...
Thirty years ago, when Kane gave him his chance to clean up Detroit and Chicago and St. Louis, Kane was the greatest guy in the world.
Thank you, sir.
I'd have brought him along with me, but you were so anxious to keep everything secret - H'ya, Mom.
You're going to be rich.
You'll probably be the richest man in America someday and you ought to - You won't be lonely, Charles... We're going to have a lot of good times together, Charles... Really we are.
(extends his hand.
What the kid needs is a good thrashing!
(reading) The food is marvelous in Cuba the senoritas are beautiful stop I could send you prose poems of palm trees and sunrises and tropical colors blending in far off landscapes but don't feel right in spending your money for this stop there's no war in Cuba regards Wheeler.
Oh, yes, it's already made up.
Our Mr. Mervin wrote a small review.
Enthusiastic?
We've got a nice plant here.
(quietly) Is it good?
(finally; after a pause) What does it say there?
(reading again) "Her singing, happily, is no concern of this department.
(looks at him very soberly) He thought she was great, Mr. Thompson.
Oh, yes.
He had that funny sense of humor.
He's a nice fellow, but he's a dreamer.
They were always together in those early days when we just started the Enquirer.
Welcome, Mr. Kane, to the "Enquirer."
I thought it would be a nice gesture the new publisher - (grinning) Ask them to sit down.
But a morning newspaper, Mr. Kane.
That's not enough - There's something I've got to get into this paper besides pictures and print - I've got to make the "New York Enquirer" as important to New York as the gas in that light.
(looking up at the sign - happily) Sixty-two thousand - That looks pretty nice.
The "Chronicle" is a good newspaper.
It's a good idea for a newspaper.
Thank you.
It will make them happy to learn that the "Enquirer's" circulation this morning passed the two hundred thousand mark.
That talent that's going to make the "Enquirer" the kind of paper I want - the best newspaper in the world!
There are other subjects in the world.
Thank you.
Thanks.
(smiling) Certainly not.
(referring to the staff; with a smile) Ask them to sit down, Mr. Bernstein.
Vacation's over - starting right after dinner.
(reading) Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Moore Norton announce the engagement of their daughter, Emily Monroe Norton, to Mr. Charles Foster Kane.
We'll cover it the way the "Hickville Gazette" covers the church social!
The names of everybody there; what they wore; what they ate; who won the prizes; who gave the prizes - (gets excited) I tell you, Brad, I envy you.
(over Kane's next lines) Glad to meet you, Brad.
He needs to relax.
Some ships with wonderful wines have managed to slip through the enemy fleet that's blockading New York harbor - (grins) Georgie knows a young lady whom I'm sure you'd adore - wouldn't he, Georgie?
Good.
Richard Carl in "The Spring Chicken."
Charlie - Yes? (still smiling) It doesn't make any difference about me, but one of these days you're going to find out that all this charm of yours won't be enough - (has stopped dancing) You're wrong.
(smiling) Certainly not.
(good naturedly) You're in a conspiracy against me, you two.
The Majestic.
I used to go to dancing school with her.
Oh, yes.
Brief marriage!
He married for love - (a little laugh) That's why he did everything.
I guess there's more than two sides - It is the unanimous opinion of my Cabinent - in which I concur - that the proposed leases are in the best interests of the Governement and the people.
And I happen to have the incredible insolence to differ with you as to what they mean.
(pause) You're a man of great talents, Mr. Kane.
Thanks.
(finishing his drink) In there.
(as they go) Goodnight, Mr. Kane.
It isn't just that the President was her uncle - everyone she knows, all the people she's been brought up with, everything she's ever been taught to believe is important - There's no reason why this - this savage personal note - The personal note is all there is to it.
(smiles) You only associate with your inferiors, Charlie.
(looking down) Now, will you let me go to Chicago? (with a little smile) You're not going to like it in Chicago.
(he won't be charmed out of his duty) What are you going to do about Emily? (his face hardning a little) Nothing - if she dosen't love me - You want love on your own terms, don't you, Charlie - (he stops - his back turned to Kane) Love according to your own rules.
It's simpler than that, Brad.
Don't worry, Brad - I'll live.
To love on my terms.
It seems to me that the new dramatic critic of our Chicago paper should get what he's worth.
What in the world - (weakly) Charles.
Good night, Mom.
She was a little unwilling at first - (he smiles grimly) but she did it.
And the first thing I'm going to do - Let him finish, Charles.
Well, what I'm interested in is seeing that he's not elected.
Let him keep right on being the Great, Noble, Moral - (he stresses the world) Champeen of the people.
I'd rather Mr. Kane withdrew without having to get the story published.
I am interested in - well, Junior, for one thing.
Goodnight, Mr. Rogers.
Oh yes, there is.
Well, that's about all there is - and I'm getting chills.
So he built one of his own - An absolute monarchy - It was something bigger than an opera house anyway - (calls) Nurse! (lowers his voice) Say, I'll tell you one thing you can do for me, young fellow.
I'll be glad to.
I always like to see the funny side of things.
And you're so funny.
(he wiggles his ears) It took me two solid years at the finest boys' school in the world to learn that trick.
Smile! (hesitatingly) A chicken? No.
But you're close.
He married you, didn't he?
He was in love with me.
(sharply) What are you smiling for?
I didn't want to sing.
I will be the laughingstock of the musical world!
Let's have your keys, Raymond.
The nurse has complete instructions, but if you care to talk to me at any time, I should be only too glad - I shall be here in the morning.
Thank you.
(he smiles a little) It's their loss.
We live in a palace - at the end of the world.
Charlie - If I promise to be a good girl!
I do it because I like it.
(catching on) Oh, yes, sir.
I called my tributary kings together And those who were proud rulers under me, I opened the boxes of my treasure to them, saying: "Take hills of gold, moutains of silver, And give me only one more day upon the earth."
He is your life Walking towards time, Hurrying to meet the kings of India and China.
(quoting) O sons of men You are caught in the web of the world And the spider Nothing waits behind it.
(getting to his feet) Well, thanks a lot.
As soon as they're through photographing the stuff - Allow yourself plenty of time.
Next! Better get that statue over there.
I look good tonight.
Here's to your new job down at the bank.
Engagement ring!
Congratulations, Claude.
Good old Monroe... Well, I went to Jefferson, so you must have a different Claude Banks in mind.
Come on, honey, let's get out of here.
Good old Monroe.
Good, I'm looking forward to meeting this Spanky.
No, tell me what's so funny.
The Negro League don't pay so good.
My daddy gave me this watch.
This watch means the world to me.
Good evening, Billy.
I call it like I see it, and what I see is definitely soft.
See, I met this girl.
So you made a generous contribution.
That's better than money.
My daddy's watch.
He can ride with us.
If it wasn't for me, you'd be washing up on the beach at Coney Island right now.
See y'all in the morning.
There's no way I can do life.
Hey, fellas, this here is my mama.
That's a lovely dress.
This is a big surprise, mama.
This place ain't so bad as it looks.
I can't take that, mama.
Have a big house, a family.
They gave me life, mama.
I gave you life.
We'll come out when we're good and ready!
You didn't tell me he was so good looking.
Well, that's nice, real nice.
That's a promise.
What's up, Ray? (cool) Claude.
Your daddy must have been a helluva guy, a deep man, a wise man.
He's a successful lawyer up in New York City and you're down here with a bright future in the cotton picking business.
I should have done that the first time I met you.
That gripes my soul, man.
Better make it a week.
(off) Hey, man, is Babe Ruth in the lineup today?
Hey, Babe...! What's going on?
Don't look too good.
Hey, Ray... (scowling) Sergeant Dillard, make sure these two are out in the fields first thing in the morning.
I try to teach 'em the finer points of the game, share my wisdom, but I don't know why I bother.
Jangle Leg's gonna throw the ball nice and easy.
That there is fresh water.
Be cool, man.
How was the honeymoon?
Nice looking squad.
Of course, the superintendent's hoping for a boy, but personally, I'd prefer a girl.
Whatever it is will be a little gift from heaven.
He ain't the type to kiss and tell.
There's a sweet fragrance in the air today.
The magnolias are blooming early this year, daddy.
I can't go home to my mama like this.
Come on, Biscuit, this is good news.
It's a different world now.
You said you were gonna put in a good word for us.
Don't worry, we'll take good care of him.
It's one of those new retirement communities down on the Gulf.
Ocean views, palm trees, two heated swimming pools and a golf course -- sounds a damn sight better than that infirmary across the way where I'm gonna end up.
Goodnight, Ray.
Doesn't take a visionary to spot a golden opportunity like this.
Give me those keys.
I ain't spending a month in the hole so you can take a joy ride.
Thank you, Claude.
Nurse Humphries was checking my prostate this morning.
Well, Ruth shoulda built it a little better.
Remember what that place looked like on a sunny spring day?
More beautiful than any church I was ever in.
Looks like old Jonesy finally got his walking papers.
'Course I was right.
Jangle Leg, Biscuit, Goldmouth, Poker Face, Cookie, Radio -- yes sir, pick a plot and start digging... Two Percodan.
Well, that's a little rich for my blood.
Stay calm, Ray.
Are you travelling together?
Yes...he's my friend.
When I was a boy, I see movie at school called "It's a Wonderful Life" directed by Frank Capra.
Home of the brave.
Right where I was standin'.
In love?
Let me just tell you this: Every stupid cliche you hear about kids - they change your life, they make you a better person, they make you whole... (beat) It's all true!
I'll help you.
A job? Yes, the money is good.
Now you happy?
Thanks.
Okay, Jordy - it was a fast fire, we got good patterns - about thirty minutes old.
Clean?
What's so funny.
Who tells him my life story?
Good evening, I'm Robert Hawkins and this is Top Story.
Good.
Good.
Commendable.
Full of thrills and chills.
Over there, is co-star of my new movie, Emil! (to vendor) Who is he?
New York's finest.
Thank you, son.
She said she'd think about it but I never heard from her. (Afrikaner) Beautiful eyes.
Hair salon.
Well, then do it after work.
I loved Milos like a brother... (in English) I'm not a killer.
Smart girl.
I'm glad you're not a whore.
This is no job for a woman as beautiful as you.
Did he give you these?
Let's go! Split up! Emil, look!
Gotta light the scene better.
I want to live the rest of my life with you...I don't know you've been married before and I've never been married, but I do love you, and... She's here.
Hey, honey.
That was good.
Well, who was it that taught me how to do that?
You know, I been thinkin'...these shoes might look nice with another pair of shoes next to them in the closet.
Showers are this way.
You can trust me.
Good.
That's how you help her.
I walked out on him when he was trying to ask me to marry him!! I'd never had a great relationship before.
But he was so great to me.
I'm glad I met you.
Oh my G-d! Oh my G-d!
I give up!
Tommy, you ride with him!
I'll be there with a smile when they put you down!
I was his friend!
Jordy...??? Listen to me.
Now it's my friend.
Book rights?
This is the biggest case of your life.
Get a good lawyer.
New York City has a new hero, Fire Marshal Jordan Warsaw.
Good night.
Thank you, sir.
(gestures with cigarette) They've described a beautiful, high-arching trajectory.
How 'bout a cocktail?
Well... Brought him down.
Heh! Go back to flying.
Make you laugh and play.
(to Nikki) Didn't they wash your strawberries this morning?
(with a wave, to Frink) Thank you.
Well, when I was a little girl, I got bumped by a swing.
The best shot in the squadron.
Look out, horse!
Nice horsie.
(pleased with himself) Ahhh.
Hooray!Hooray!
Hooray!
What more important things?
Well, my work.
He's a member of the Wandering Hands Society and he has a groping good time.
I saw her first.
That's right, laugh.
Get a good hold, Millie.
Reve de Vestale!
Hey, listen.
(playful) Good night, Nikki.
Are you rich?
Beulah is rich.
Thank you, William.
That was EVER so cool and nice.
Good night.
(to the others) Good night.
Good night, Nikki.
Say, we'd better get back to our hotel.
Good morning, Nikki.
Well, for heaven's sakes!
What are you having done to yourself, gal?
That there is practically the loveliest pair of legs I ever saw in all my born days.
Oh! (turns to Cary, heartfelt) I think that would be sweet.
Here come the drinks!
Make you laugh and play.
That's what I want to do, laugh and play.
As smooth and hairless as an egg.
She's breakin' my heart!
Well, why not?
What's HE getting so excited about?
See ya later.
He's such a sweet soul.
One of the best.
Make you laugh and play.
Heart-shaped stones?
(looks at Nikki) And, so long as you keep the stone from the tomb of Heloise and Abelard, no harm can come to your true love.
Isn't that the way the story goes?
And, now, no harm can come to our true love.
You were so nice to let me come with you.
You're so civilized.
(looks at his wrist) Let me wash your bracelet, Cary.
That's funny!
Did he say he was going away? (through his laughter) Yup.
Now, listen, Cary, you don't have to behave like an old Easter egg.
My beer's full of cinders.
Good for ya.
The man says your compartment's ready.
Good night, everybody.
Good night, Nikki.
But when she was a little girl, her mother always said she had the nicest hair-ribbons.
I did SO see an Assyrian Queen.
Cool 'em off.
Well, what business is that of yours?
Come on, now, pull yourself together, Shep.
Praca de Touros!
Oh, boy! Lookit that bar, would ya? Isn't that a beautiful thing?
Beer.
Beer.
Beer.
Make you laugh and play.
Laugh and play!
Hey, drink your drinks!
Nice work!
Good work.
What's so good about it?
I was a big success.
I'll be a big success in the hospital.
See ya later - Cary.
You'd better go back to the hotel.
That's the first time I ever saw Francis really happy.
Nice shooting.
This time he was played out with music.
And Bill Talbot was a big success in the hospital in his new blue shorts.
You're sweet.
No harm can come to our true love.
(amused, skeptical) No harm can come to our true love?
"Good night, you Princes of Maine, you Kings of New England!" There's something wrong with him!
He was too happy a baby.
The second family has an unfortunate gift for getting sounds out of Homer.
Easier said than done.
I told the third family to take good care--this was a special boy.
It was Homer who took too much good care of himself.
Everyone is nice here.
But, in failing to withhold love, had I created a true and everlasting orphan?
I had been too successful with Homer Wells.
God forgive me.
I have *made* an orphan by loving him too much.
Everything's fine.
Your *baby's* going to be okay, too.
I must have been *dreaming* of kissing someone.
Good night, you Princes of Maine!
He does it because we like it.
But orphans, especially, should look forward to their *futures*.
Let us be happy for Hazel.
Good night, Hazel.
Good night, Hazel!
Good night, Hazel!
Good night, Hazel!
How beautiful you were!
It was fantastic.
No one but me ever put a hand on me, to feel that baby.
Stay right there.
I'll deliver.
That's why Kong loves her!
You've been brave enough.
What?! (smiling) It's just a marvel to me that you still have such high expectations of people.
I'm happy I amuse you.
I'm Class IV-- I've got a heart defect.
You'll have Kings of New England!
Homer, when is Halloween?
It's the best time!
How come we only get pumpkins once a year?
Why can't we have pumpkins for Christmas, too?
We don't get any good presents at Christmas, anyway.
That sounds fine.
There's no taking care of *anybody*-- not out there! (feeling trapped) You know I'm grateful for everything you've done for me... (calmly) I don't need your gratitude.
(to Edna) *That's* what he'll do--he'll see the world!
Will you tell him... Let us be happy for Homer Wells... Homer Wells has found a family.
Good night, Homer!
Good night, Homer!
Good night, Homer!
Good night, Homer!
Good night, Homer Wells!
Well, they aren't.
You love to fly, don't you?
I love the bombing, too.
Oh, I would love that, Wally.
Thanks for everything.
(whispering) I love you, Wally.
I love you, too.
(conspiratorially) If it comes up, I've been at a wedding.
That's where I met you, at the wedding.
This is Homer Wells--he's the most overqualified apple picker you'll ever meet, but he's dying to learn the apple business.
How do you do, Homer Wells... How do you do... Were you a friend of the bride or the groom?
Homer is everybody's friend, Mom... the bride's, the groom's, mine, Candy's, *everybody's*.
No, no--Homer is a new *picker*.
You did a good job with that shed, Homer.
He's still better with peaches than hs is with apples.
(Peaches grins) Jack here is new.
Ain't that right, Hero?
I'm grateful for the job.
You're going to give my mom a little peace of mind while I'm gone.
Them's good hands you got, Homer.
This is *your* life story, Wilbur!
He's a good boy.
Make room for Homer, so's he can enjoy the view.
Thank you, Arthur.
Wilbur, it's a *gift*!
I'll show him a *gift*!
I'll give him a gift he can *use*!
(smiling) I *did* like it.
First she loved him, then she didn't, then no one else could have him...
She *did* love him!
She's about the most beautiful girl I ever seen--I don't know if she's the nicest.
She's the nicest *and* the most beautiful girl I've ever known.
But he looks like an excellent young man, a first-rate candidate!
Dr. Homer Wells.
I just wanted to ask you... Edna! Come dance with me! Let's be foolish tonight.
(angrily) He's a field hand!
You don't get no *good* cider till you're pickin' them Golden Delicious and them Winter Bananas, them Baldwins and them Russerts... What about the worms?
They is *good* for you!
It was a family with a better breathing machine then the one Dr.
Nobody will swim here until next summer.
The ocean makes it beautiful.
Give me your hand.
This is easy--I'm not hurrying.
Good night, Daddy.
And this was when his father was still alive...
I am enjoying my life here.
I am enjoying being a lobsterman and an orchardman--in fact, I have never enjoyed myself so much.
But you don't look very happy.
*Happy*!
I can't have a baby.
I don't need no more clothes, thank you. (softly) Rose, I know what's going on.
You can trust me.
He's her baby's father!
How can you... with your own daughter!
But she's your *daughter*...
And I *love* her!
He still loves you.
Please...
That's right, Homer.
This here's my daughter!
That's the best place to eat lunch!
At least I got to see the ocean.
The Sunshine State!
It's so nice 'n' warm down there, you can pick them grapefruits and oranges *naked*, if you want to.
Thanks, guys... I'd like to go with you.
There's nothing wrong with your heart.
"Thus I began my new life, in a new name, and with everything new about me...
Good night, you Princes of Maine!
You Kings of New England!
Harry is staring down at the linoleum again.
Finally: What a horse's ass.
She bursts into laughter.
... I'm writing a memoir.
Life is change.
This is good.
This is, this is a blessing in disguise.
New beginning.
No. Well that's good.
With really special guys.
That's fantastic.
Linda walks down the promenade dressed in a smart pant suit.
He has looked up from the paper and is staring at her.
First you tell me that you can't commit, then you----WOULD YOU GET DOWN Linda laughs raucously, then catches herself and looks at Alan.
The couple are making love in the dark room on a frilly comforter.
A photograph of Alan holding a large bluefish.
Written in a feminine hand in pencil: Please pick up: Plunge Honey Nut Cheerios.
Finally the banging stops and a moment later the telephone rings.
The guy, the secret guy.
I'm a Good Samaritan.
But I am perfectly happy to return to you your sensitive shit.
Oh baby.
Top secret.
At the top of the stairs he kisses her.
It better be the Peninsula.
He kisses her.
It was marvelous.
First * time I've attended the Kennedy Honors.
Tony sang "The Best Is Yet To Come." * Mr. Bennett.
Linda walks down the promenade, dressed in a smart pant suit.
Her moving POV passes over people relaxing in the park: a mother with a stroller, kids running with a ball.
They're * delicious.
Chad looks, surprised.
Krapotkin stares.
Linda smiles.
Linda looks at her watch.
It slides forward then back, forward and back, rocking.
... It's fantastic!
Both stare at the rocking love seat: Squeak.
Hey, the guy was not hard to follow.
Have a good evening.
He smiles into the camera as he hops in time to upbeat music, kicking a leg out on each beat.
To the left!... Repeat!... To the right!... Repeat!...
He pants as he exercises: I'm bigger... I'm back... I'm better... I'm back... than ever... I'm back... fuckers... I'm back... ...
And good!... Repeat!... Now bend!...
Linda, I can't run a gym this way.
Thank you, Ted.
* Heh-heh.
Well... why are you following me?
So they don't---- okay... Are you well?
Good.
Okay, well, thank you Sandy.
Good talking to you.
Linda stands to go to the inner office but Krapotkin motions her back down.
Can we help you?
You listen to me, Mr. Krapkin!
The staffer's hand is on Linda's elbow.
... Now you listen to me, young man.
She listens briefly.
New keys... Osbourne strides grimly down the dock in his bathrobe, hatchet in hand.
Interrupting the filibuster with---- That's wonderful!
Wonderful!
The book is "Point of Order, Oliver!" and the talented author is Sandra Pfarrer.
...Great segment.
Thank you.
Yeah, you know we thought it might be fun if you joined us with Bud Fraighling and help make the Fiesta Salad, when we move over.
Okay, great!
Great to see you again, Sandra!
Sandy Pfarrer is accompanied by a bright young PR woman.
Thank you.
The man rises and kisses her.
They greet each other with a kiss.
Hello there sunshine.
You look great.
Yeah, I snuck in a little gym time this morning.
Linda is shocked but secretly pleased: Harry!
Good! Great!
Well sir, there is... What.
Amazing!
I've got my project.
Relax, Soldier boy, this is amazing.
First field trip and you think you're a Scientist.
There goes prom night.
(drugged up) That is soooo cool!
Nice touch.
fine go.
Hands on training is rare.
Everything looks good.
Trust me.
Live signs full strength.
He a friend of yours?
Yeah, like you'd be a rock after everything she went through?
Where is he? (points) Lab two, relax.
I didn't say he was alive.
What the?! He's good.
Hey cool.
They brought ancient hockey guy back to life.
You know, Stoney's done everyone on this trip but me..what's up with that?
As much as I've dreamed of doing that.
Let's move out girls.
What good will that do?
That's great.
Please.
New COURSE, seven-eighty-one.
Everyone ready?
Everything will be fine.
He's right on my ass!
That was fun.
Better let me.
The bridge is this way!
(switches voices, sings) Mamma's little baby love shortnin, shortnin, mamma's little baby love shotnin bread... Well, I'm not hanging out here with Ms. Showtunes.
(calming) Kkinsa, it's me, Rizzo.
I didn't say I was good at it.
400 years in the future and these pea-shooters are the best you can do?!
Okay, he was a great guy, now let's move out.
No. Rizzo?! It's better this way.
So what else is new?
An hour, tops.
(to Rizzo) You happy?
You read a lot of Science Fiction didn't you?
That's a good fantasy, though.
Kinky, but good.
(to others) Come on.
YeaH, GREAT IDEA!
Now this is getting exciting.
Janessa you ready two and we'll meet up there.
So, you thought you'd be cool.
Well, we'd be dead without you.
Where have you been?!! He....He... He's coming!!! Run!!
Thorgan, you're brilliant.
She's the Yellow Rose of Taegu, the girl that I adore.
Well, it was a good plan.
You should feel very good about yourself right now.
Good effort.
You did good, Kay-Em.
I'm so pleased.
(big smile) See?
Take your best shot -- (laughs) I'm melting!
He saved our lives.
We'll huddle together out there.
Hey, easy now.
You okay?! (breathing steadily) Oh great...yeah, having a great time, and you?
Well I mean, technically you are old enough to be my great, great, great...
I love you.
It's still cool.
Cool!!! Damn!
That's better anyway.
Trust me, you do not want some lady suing you cuz she found this guy's tooth in her brand new fanny pack.
We were working a scene today where this guy offs himself in a sporting goods store.
Why isn't he in bed?
Love it.
Great!
Congratulations.
Thanks.
I'm good.
Well it's so good to see you.
Let me get your info so I can send you an invite to the baby shower.
Mac sits at the table with a cup of coffee and reads the paper.
The Lorkowski family dines in style.
Lets have a nice dinner.
I want to have my birthday at Hinkle's.
World's finest corn snack.
She says it's important.
(pointing) Hand me that.
Mom would never have been like this.
Great.
There's this gorilla who knows sign language and I've always thought that would have to be the most amazing thing ever.
Yeah, yeah, with the kitten.
You've got nice veins.
Thanks.
I am a winner.
Oscar looks at his mom.
Rose can't help but smile.
Sunshine Cleaning.
That's a nice job you did there.
This is great but you guys should really get out there and market yourselves.
The girls have started up their own specialized cleaning business.
Cash is good.
They got a nice looking Chevy G series for eighteen.
Oh, excellent.
Heaven?
Nice to meet you.
(smiles) I'm glad to see you're doing a little homework.
The sound.
The munching sound.
In a couple of years you're gonna find it's a free pass to cool.
Hello, Sunshine Cleaning... Well, I'm glad you liked the Fancy Corn....Okay, yeah, yeah.
Thank you.
That's good then.
They have such nice rolls there.
So he's in heaven?
I won a million dollars!
I'm good.
Norah offers a nervous smile.
A van zooms past with a SUNSHINE CLEANING MAGNET on the door.
Shards dangle from red tipped edges.
She looks beautiful and strong.
Oscar watches the trucker hop down from the cab and shake Joe's hand like they're old friends.
Rose and Mac's eyes meet.
Rose smiles.
She was in a movie of the week once, ya know.
They thought my mom was so beautiful and so talented that they gave her a speaking part.
`I recommend the pecan pie.' Norah looks back at Lynn for applause.
Best place to be when it comes.
The two cans of beer dangle from Norah's arm like a giant charm bracelet and clank against girders as she climbs.
Sounds great.
Norah pops open a beer and laughs as the train approaches.
The sky is an electric blue.
I promise I'll come straight after the shower and help finish up.
You look nice.
Thanks.
You did your hair different.
Be good.
Rose leaves.
Jesus Rose, Calm down.
You're a real inspiration.
Oh that's great.
Great.
Long baby shower.
A client's house.
I'm good at getting guys to want me.
And cheering.
Cheering is good.
Winston smiles.
Rose musters a smile.
Oscar nods, kisses her good night.
Hey beautiful.
Mac smiles for the both of them.
The wait staff begins to sing a birthday song.
Rose quietly kisses Oscar's forehead and pulls up the covers.
One of the TV DETECITVES looks up and smiles.
What's good?
She smiles.
I want to have a baby.
You don't have to walk like that.
Should we hug?
Oh, man... How's your great mood now?
So, why are you in such a good mood anyway?
Not that it's any of your business, but...good things are happening to me.
Thanks.
Well, have a nice life.
Glowing.
He had red hair and freckles?
Red pubes.
Love you.
So, time for Plan B. Society tells us we're supposed to find that special person to make us happy and complete.
But guess what...you have to create your own happiness.
Amen, sister.
We will be your emotional rocks.
Best day of my life.
Good.
It will be fun.
Can I help you?
(distracted) No, I'm fine.
I love blueberry pie.
Aren't you going to introduce me to your new friend?
You don't want to watch it, but somehow you can't stop... (laughing) I think it's interesting.
Sounds fun, right?
Hey, stranger.
Who's sweeter to me, than she really ought to be, sweet little Miss Blue Eyes.
I can't hear you, darling.
A ten-minute power nap and I'm good.
A nap? Now?
The stew is delicious, honey.
Yeah, Mom, it's awesome.
That was amazing.
I mean, like, totally and exceptionally, over-the- top, amazing.
And, the thing is, I've never...been in love before.
The day we met.
I would have never done it if-- I just told you I loved you.
Well....do you not now?
I tell you I'm in love with you and you tell me your pregnant with some stranger's child?
Congratulations?! Why did you wait so long to tell me?
It's not all neat and tidy like your perfect family and your perfect farm and your bluegrass band.
You're carrying two healthy babies, and you have no idea how lucky you are.
Thanks.
Honey, I'm sure he's wonderful, and I'm sure he loves you, too.
And you've only been together a little while.
I'm just saying, if he actually wanted to stay with you right now, he'd be the greatest man in the world, and, quite frankly, I don't think any man is that great.
Thanks.
It's a phone tree.
You...look great.
Good.
This whole time we've been apart, I've been trying to figure out what it is about you that I love so much.
I love you.
You have chicken in your hair.
This is the one time in your life you're allowed to let it go.
He loves you for you.
Thanks, honey.
This is way more fun.
I see the most amazingly wonderful person I know.
Come on, one dance.
Good.
It's a nice ass.
(then) It also taught me that I should never, under any circumstances, have short hair and a perm again.
This is one of my favorites because look how happy I am.
Fifth place.
Listen, Zoe, if you're happy, we're happy.
We'd love to meet him.
Well, actually, he's downstairs, so I should probably get back to-- Great.
Invite him up.
Please?
Good brownies, though.
Come on everybody, it's time.
Hi-ya-ya-hi-ya-ya-hi-ya-hi-ya-ya.
(eyes wide) Wow.
It's amazing how the body can open up like that.
Hi-ya-ya-hi-ya-ya-hi-ya-hi-ya-ya.
Please!
(excited) Here comes the head.
There's so much hair!
Things look great.
Good.
Good.
We were celebrating.
(with a smile) We finally set a date.
So, we'll put the band here and the dance floor right here.
I love him.
He loves me.
This is the biggest moment of Zoe's life, and you can't let her down.
Hey, girl.
Good.
(smiles, then) So, I really don't want you to worry, but Nana just passed out at the nurse's station and is now down in the ER getting stitches.
Good thing we're at the hospital, right?
Now, on to bigger and better...who do you want to be your birthing partner?
Are you in labor?
(panting) Great.
I'm great.
I'm in labor.
I love you.
More than anything in the world, I love you.
I've been in love with you since the moment you stole my cab.
I love you so much.
Let's go have our babies.
Well, it's the anniversary of our first date.
(then) Cheers.
What a year, huh? Incredible.
(to the babies) Girls...Mommy and Daddy were stupid.
(baby-talk) Yes, we were.
The first time we held hands was in here.
But to me they was holy vessels.
I was savin' their souls.
(He takes a long pull) Nice drinkin' liquor.
I ain't had pork but four times in four years--every Christmas.
(lifting his voice above the wind) Your granma was a great one, too.
We better run!
Anybody ever 'tol me I'd be hidin' out on my own place...! Lord, make us thankful for what we are about to receive, for His sake.
Amen.
I seen you!--You et durin' grace!
I'm Grampa! (softly--her eyes closed) Thank God.
Oh thank God.
(gently) No, Ma I was at first--but not no more.
Thank God.
Glad to see you.
(surprised and pleased) Rosasharn!
(watching) Better give him a good 'un.
Here's a cuppa coffee.
(fretfully) Easy, *easy!*
(excitedly) Here we go! (grinning) California, here we come!
Grampa here, he ain't got no more trouble like that.
Amen.
(evenly) Well, ask right.
Cut me off a hunk a that banana cream, and a cuppa java.
Make it two.
We got nice san'widges.
I figgered No. 3 was about ready to pay off.
Go ahead, but you better keep movin'.
(finally) There she is, folks--the land a milk an' honey--California! (sullenly) Well, if *that's* what we come out here for... (timidly, to Connie) Maybe it's nice on the other side.
(laughing) It don't take no nerve to do somep'n when there ain't nothin' else you can do.
(fearfully) You ain't--you ain't sorry, are you, honey?
(pleadingly) But we can still do it, honey.
(whispering) We can't give up, honey.
(eagerly) Look, Ma! Thank God! An' we're still together-- most of us.
At leas' she'll get buried in a nice green place.
Trees and flowers aroun'.
I'll run my business my own way.
You better pack up an' come on to Tulare County.
Mister, we sure that ya! (excitedly) Fust thing I'll get is coffee, cause ever'body been wantin' that, an' then some flour an' bakin' powder an' meat.
Better not get no side- meat right off.
You know, I jus' can't remember when I felt so good before!
You made a dollar, an' that's a dollar's worth.
(laughing) Okay.
Listen, you fellas.
Serves him right, too.
I ain't sure--but I caught him one across the face, and believe me, I give him a trade-mark *he* ain't gonna be able to shake off easy!
Rosasharn-- (a glance at the girl) --she gonna have her baby, but *it* ain't gonna have no fambly.
Help me.
(watching him) Joad.
You don't look so good.
You got dances too?
We got the best dances in the county every Saturday night.
Good mornin'.
(in an excited whisper) Git up.
(tugging him) It's them white things, made outa dish-stuff, like in the catalogues!
Lotta these little farmers mighty nice fellas.
Well, look out next Saturday night.
Thank you, Willie.
You done good.
Gonna dance tonight?
(grinning) She's gettin' prettier, Ma. (as Rosasharn hides her face) Girl with a baby *always* gets prettier.
(complaining but loving it) Now I can't breathe.
I'll dance with this girl.
I'd like to be with ya-- (smiling) --an' see your face when you an' Pa get settled in a nice little place.
He was a good man.
(in greeting) Hey!
Business opportunity come along.
You're too good, that's your trouble.
Your stakes are my pleasure, sir... Thank you, why don't we make it after lunch?
A pleasure, sir.
Well, I don't think I'm just a cocky square with a fair hand with cards.
You must feel different about it than you did Saturday.
(stands up) Why don't you have a nice hot bath?
And the next morning the soldiers go off peacefully and everybody's happy.
Braumeister beer.
So if you're willing, we're meeting at two o'clock in the afternoon.
I'm glad you can do it, Shooter.
Good night.
After we're through shopping.
That's what's so marvelous.
The nights he isn't there.
I'd go home and see Mama.
Promise?
I don't know if you do or not Kid -- You're city -- and I'm country -- You grew up with it.
I don't think that's why you're going -- because you like it so much better in the country.
You been coming on strong a long way.
(then after a long moment) Come home with me to Mama's Kid.
(starting to dress) I'll go down with you.
This is going to sound kind of funny to you, but I want to ask it.
College graduates are walking the streets looking for jobs -- trained people, engineers, scientists!
I'm goin' to win.
(firmly) No, this is your time -- Now you go on Honey and you play The Man -- I'll be at Mama's.
If I win, it won't be good enough.
Thank you for the entertainment, gentlemen.
My particular gratitude to you, Lancey.
It's been a rare pleasure to watch a great artist at work.
Thank you for the privilege.
Well now, son, you're quite welcome.
Good day, gentlemen.
I'm special.
He doesn't have his key with him.
You know damn well how good it was.
Monday night, Room Three-Eleven at the Dorset Hotel.
Four nights and three days.
Thanks for putting it together for me.
Let's not kick a gift horse in the teeth, sugar.
Well, I don't want a shine, but here's fifteen cents.
Thank you, sir.
Nice little colored kid.
Thanks, Jansen.
Can I help you with those?
This is Eric, Mama.
You minding to marry Christian?
You met Christian when she was working to Hot Springs?
I was playing in this game in the hotel and she was a waitress in the coffee shop.
Living together?
Yeah, living together.
She going to have a baby?
You say things that sound smart alecky.
Cards is all a matter of luck, who gets dealt the best ones.
Then how do you win? I'll show you.
Okay, red on top.
Right -- you follow me?
And I'd win the bet from you two out of every three times we made it.
Sure -- like if you grow better corn or raise a cow that gives more milk than the other guy's.
Whatever your line is, the one who wins out is the one who knows his job better.
All right Eric -- Good luck Monday.
Handle this thing right and your reputation will be better than ever.
Hey, what if he starts off lucky and stays ahead of the game the whole way.
You'll make it happen, Baby.
I've got faith in you -- Once more around the square.
It's a friendly town, St. Louis.
In my declining years, I spend more and more time in Florida and the Gulf Coast.
(laughs) That the way it is, Lancey?
Thank you, gents.
Can't take the glare of the morning sun in my eyes.
Green.
Fine, Shooter man.
Five grand?
Queen, ten, king, four, ace again, and a king for The Shooter.
New deck.
(waits for a challenge, but the others turn their cards) Thank you, gents.
(as he pulls in money, to Yeller) Be a laugh if the two champs ended up cleaned.
Thanks, Lancey.
Good crowd.
Nice-looking broads.
Thanks, Kid.
From you, that's nice to hear.
Well -- thank you.
I like it... looking back on them, that is -- (then) I always got a lot of companionship out of a good book.
Glad to be of help.
That sounds good to me.
It's a whole New Deal.
Good hands all around.
Prosperity for everybody.
(then quietly) Shooter, I'm goin' to win this one -- win it my way -- and you ride with me or you're out, finished.
Good afternoon, sir.
You can stay right where you are.
It's incredible the way you invariably worry about The Shooter.
It's incredible the way you invariably don't.
If Schlaegel bet as much on me as I heard, I guess he'd pay a nice piece of change to be sure I won.
(to Christian) You, too, honey, right?
Thanks.
How's your Mama and Papa?
I'm glad you came, Christian.
He wins a hundred.
Go read a magazine, honey.
Deal.
(after a long moment) Well, that's up to you, Christian.
Like Eddie the Dude said on his deathbed, I'm as ready as I'll ever be.
Jack is willing to wager two hundred dollars.
Jack, ten of hearts.
Queen's the best, but that old man can be cocky with an ace or a deuce.
(finally) Two thousand, five hundred dollars to the three hearts.
New deck.
(then after a long moment) I love you, Kid -- and it's not enough.
(calling) Listen, Lady, it's coming on the morning rush.
I was going to take you and your mom for a spin after breakfast.
You have your smart mouth to thank for that.
That way he always gets the thrill of owning a new automobile!
He's giving my mom a joyride in it now.
Well... See you guys this afternoon!
Well it's working.
So, I've been taping my pecker to my right leg at night.
I myself am looking forward to being free of parental bondage.
Well, it was nice to meet you, Nick.
I'd love to, Nick.
Breathless is one of my favorite films, though it might be eclipsed by Rebel Without a Cause.
You seem very nice.
Seventeen years of age, six-two, fluent in French, plays the piano, a champion swimmer, and writes Futurist Percussive poetry.
Please do.
I decide it is just a case of puppy love and look forward to the interesting women I shall meet in the future.
Good morning!
God what time is it?
(smiling with endearment) Come back in two hours.
Well, there is a road.
Look, Nick! Great.
Oh, thank you, Nickie!
Author of L'Etranger and other works of existential brilliance.
Sheeni, I think I love you.
Nick, honey.
Life with me and the dog you love.
Well, good, that's settled.
A nice comfortable bed.
And for relaxation and mood setting some good red wine, preferably French.
Red wine and Consumer Reports.
I have a tall mountain to climb, with many treacherous glaciers still to cross, but finally, I have obtained a stamped entry visa to the paradise that lay beyond.
You see that, Babe.
Boy, everything's complete.
Brilliant.
I told you, darling.
I will, darling.
Those hippos are taking a shower together.
Your day will come.
Well, good thing I stole this from the bookstore then.
It was your cyclops I was staring at.
Thanks a pantsful, Nick.
See ya, Lefty.
Watch your smart mouth.
Thus evicting myself from my mother's clutches and into the arms of My One And Only Love.
Hey, Mom! How was the movie?
You're wonderful!
But I like it here.
I'd say he deserves a good hiding.
Can you do it, Lance, darling?
Thanks a pantsful, Nick.
In a previous life.
Nice fire in Berkeley.
My God, Francois!
Mrs. Crampton's our new housekeeper.
It'll be tons warmer.
Is it a love letter, Nick?
Dogs don't grow on trees.
Not at the moment.
Well, see you guys in the morning.
A distinguished group I would be happy to join.
Don't be silly, darling.
Goodnight boys.
He came to discuss our friendship.
Thanks.
It was nice meeting you, Nick.
Thank you.
I spoke with Taggarty this morning.
Congratulations, Vijay.
That makes it official.
Welcome to the club.
Dear Bernice, it was nice meeting you this weekend in the bathroom.
You must introduce one of these into her breakfast beverage each day.
Take courage.
Together we will outsmart these cake eaters.
I am alive.
You deserve to be loved.
Yes, Sheeni, Thanksgiving.
Thank you, boys.
Tomorrow I will be reunited with My Everlasting Love.
Hey, Mom.
For grand theft auto.
Happy Thanksgiving, Lacey.
What interesting flowers, Nick.
Well, I shall be going now.
Thank you for that unsolicited counsel, Trent.
Here I am, reviled by friends and family.
I fell in love with Sheeni.
You can stay here a couple days, but eventually they'll come looking for you.
Thanks, Joanie.
I love you.
I love you too, you little brat.
Let me make it easy.
You should have heard how glad my parents were that I didn't kill myself.
They were even happier when they found out I'm not gay.
That's great, Lefty.
Yeah, being in love is pretty great.
That, combined with yet another viewing of James Dean's performance is what gives me my final burst of inspiration.
It's time to face the music.
A little to the right... a little... RIGHT THERE!
Joanie of course would get to continue to travel the world... ...and she and her breasts would probably go on to have the wonderful life that they deserve.
Wally as it turns out... ...would go on Jeopardy and win, ensuring my mother's blessed rise to a higher economic status.
Well, thanks a pantsful!
I will, darling.
As Francois would remind me, I'm intelligent, healthy, virile, not violently ugly... On the whole I am splendidly equipped for this great adventure we call the human existence.
Besides, what jury would convict a teenager who acted out of love?
They do love the comfort food.
Dotty G. and her forty-two- K a year are history.
To look fair.
Crowne's pink slip will save 'da "U" big green backwash.
Top of the pyramid with a C.O.L. bump at the first of the year.
Sweet.
That was before the New Employee Covenants.
Couple years.
Then I blew out my Thanks for seeing me off.
Thanks.
How can I help you?
You have a great location here.
The atmosphere is too pleasant and the clientele too A Number 1. Breakfast on the house.
Are you new to the Faculty?
New to the Student Body.
My day has just been made and it's only 8:02 in the morning!
The secret of any negotiation is for both of us to win Talk to me How much do you Beautiful.
New to the sport.
Thank you.
Cute boys fresh out of High School who all had crushes on me from day one.
Crowne.
(still talking to herself) Great.
The history of the sugar maple tree now.
Thank you Wikipedia.
Hey Monkey!
Let's go, Sweets!
We ride, Monkey!
You good, Lance?
Follow me, boys and girl!
College buddies.
Speak to my bride inside.
He's saving your life.
A full-time mission for beauty and justice.
But I love her the most.
Peace.
You did good, Fran.
Thanks.
Now I have to get a new boyfriend and a new orthodontist.
Can you move along That was a great presentation.
Super smart.
You're late on your first day!
Deal?
Deal.
(off their looks) He's a nice man.
She must not be having any amok lovin'.
Without a workout in the Inner Sanctum a few times a week I can't concentrate.
Breakfast work, coffee, school, lunch, scoot, class, shop, talk, Mexican food, a movie, glass of wine or two then bed?
More complimentary coffee?
And that, when it's a first time, they make the rookies dress in drag and sing Abba songs?
Rhymes with ya-cool.
Are ya' cool, Raul?
We make the best Chicken Fried Steak outside of a truck stop.
Maurice says I'm saving his life by renting the space.
You make it sound so simple!! Well, back to work!
Work my ass off all night trying to get f i in' smile out of you!
I'm smiling... Like The Joker after three Apple Martinis.
You looking for a whole new man, Mercy?
I'm the jerk who has to transform into Ultraman to make you happy?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Best night I've had in years!
Thanks for the ox-cart ride.
Help me.
Goodnight, Ms. Tainot.
Help yourself.
You smell good.
Thanks.
Goodnight, whoever you are! Whoever I am... Oh, Jesus Hell and tomorrow... Mercy!!! Oh, come on!
Seeing them -- the Northern Lights, the Aurora Borealis -- should have been beyond me, but I was a little girl in Coach class still awake, a window seat, a moonless night somewhere over Greenland with a shimmering curtain of emerald, gossamer light dancing just for me.
I'm looking back on the year Denise left as the good old days.
Thanks for coming.
And the morning shower should be refreshing, not a hangover cure.
Mornings with you are to be survived.
I give up.
I'll sign papers and checks, see if there's enough for a cool sports car as a reward for the last few years and eventually I will be fine and you will too.
Here I have surprise topics.
Fine. 2 minutes on Consumerism.
At the end of each chapter is a study guide.
Master my book and you will take over the world.
By now you should be laughing with me.
Ready for the final?
You kissed the cook...
What a difference from day one.
Thank you...
If it was the romance novelist in him that made Victoria the Queen become such a pal, chalk it up as another brick in the legacy of Ben Disraeli -- Earl of Beaconsfield - Educator - and Prime Minister of Great Britain.
Not that it mattered to my Speech professor... Congratulations all of you.
The first to finish.
Priceless at a buck apiece.
Box of Frosty Cinnamon Eggs.
That your class changed his life.
So technically, I changed his life.
He is a good student And handy on a scooter.
Got it Turning right Your destination is ahead on the right.
Thank you.
I love that blouse with that skirt but I'd show more leg if I were you.
Larry is having coffee, sitting on the steps, watching her ride back and forth.
She is getting good.
Hoots and laughter.
The women are all beautiful and seemed to share the same occupation.
You can't sell this to your friends.
A beauty parlor for men?
You can't sell this to your friends.
A beauty parlor for men?
Barbie, he's yummy.
Everyone, shoo!
You know, you're very lucky you're friends of Barbie's.
The beach.
You happy, baby?
I'm on vacation.
You want to do the honors?
Nice weed, huh?
You guys are such babies.
Ha ha ha.
You are funny.
Listen, Americano, it is very nice to meet you, but maybe we are going too fast.
Bienvenido! Good to see you, Jorge.
Don't be ridiculous, these are my babies.
We're rich.
Take a picture of me with my new friends.
It'll be a fabulous Christmas card.
It's at least two carats, darling.
Treasure it.
She was very pretty.
Thank you.
Where's Dad? May the wind always be at your back and the sun always upon your face... ...and the winds of destiny carry you aloft... ...to dance with the stars.
You loved her, didn't you?
I'm great at what I do, Dad.
It's for your own good.
For the grand theft auto.
This is a happy day for me, George.
Congratulations, brother.
Everything is fine down here.
You need to come down here, everybody meets everybody.
Ha ha ha.
We do one for good faith and then we talk about airplanes.
Good to see you, Diego.
The sun.
It's better than Danbury, no? Come on.
Cesar, this will be fine.
The way I do it is to think of something pleasant, a fun party, a moment of triumph.
On vacation?
(weak smile) My brother's wedding.
Has everyone met Inez?
Good.
Nice doing business with you, George.
George, good to see you, my brother.
It would be my pleasure.
Good.
Welcome, my friend.
Welcome to my country.
The man in the garden.
He was full of courage.
That is good.
Why are you smiling?
Why are you smiling?
Pleased to meet you finally, George.
My pleasure, Augusto.
Congratulations on your conquest of the West Coast.
Sky's the limit.
George keeps this a secret.
He's here meeting everyone, goes to Colombia and meets Pablo, but still keeps his secrets.
I think Padroni is happy with the current situation.
So, business is going good.
You're my baby boy.
You love money.
It's good if it makes you happy.
It's nice to have nice things.
Are you happy, son?
I'm happy right now.
Was she good enough?
I understand you love her, but it was you and me who started this.
It's for peace of mind.
Mama, vos sos bien antigua.
Good to see you, George.
George, I am happy to see you.
How are you, my brother?
Yeah, well... Diego?
Please.
Out of respect, Pablo.
You were an excellent teacher, George.
When the student has learned well, the teacher is no longer necessary.
You better get yourself a good lawyer this time.
It'll make her happy.
Everything's gonna be okay, sweetheart.
I love your mother.
Be cool, will ya.
You're a good father, George.
I'm good.
Vero Beach.
It's good.
Are we good?
Are we good?
Yeah, we're good.
We're beautiful.
This is A grade, one-hundred percent pure Colombian cocaine, Ladies and Gentlemen.
You saved my life, Dulli.
Have a great life.
Cheers.
Yeah, I like him, too.
Well, yes, Derek Foreal was my connection, I met him back in 1968 when I first moved to Manhattan Beach.
When Diego finally got Derek Foreal's name from me, it was only a matter of months before he'd cut me out.
Kristina Sunshine Jung.
I love you.
I love you so much.
I love you too.
But I have a visitor.
My daughter.
Well, well, well ... ATLEY JACKSON (cont'd) (ANDY GRIFFITH theme) Da-doo-doo-doo-da-doo-doo-doo, etc. (laughs) Are you kidding me, man -- ?
A boost.
A big boost ... A boost? What's Kip doing on a boost?
The point is: Kip's been living the life.
You look good... You, too, Ma... What are you doing back?
But you should brace yourself ... so ... It's my new move ... It's called "The Stranger."
Till it's good and numb.
Cos it's like you're bein' done by a stranger ... It rocks ... It's the power move of the New Millennium... Hey, Kip, what's up?
What do you say, Toby?, I'm cool - What do you want, shithead?
That's four days.
"Give 'im back the money..." Be nice.
And it was nice to see you -- - You listen to me, baby brother.
Good to see you, Memphis -- So.
What do we owe the honor -- ?
You make me complicit?
Where were we? Oh, yes.
Wood is warm.
Clean.
Provided by nature.
Your brother.
His friends.
He was your brother.
Your brother has four days.
Where is your beer?
You can't get it any fresher than this, Memphis ... From the sea to my skillet ... Nothing in between... What's with the fish thing -- ?
And it's a good way to show off my Hollandaise sauce ...
I do ... (laughs) Christ, what happened to us ?
We restore.
We revive.
The profession has lost its.. Dignity... Yeah... Well, the three of us don't'exactly inspire confidence... Wow!
But my birthday's in seven months ... (re: Freb) What about him?
one night boost.
Take a day to shop it; a day to prep it ...
The hip, cool, sexy thing was getting old...
I got a coffee.
Life goes on, pointfive ...
Keys were in it ... Well, that defies the point, don't it?
There's gotta be a million bucks worth here - We're rich.
No faith in our new-found goodness, Detective ...? Sure.
Right ... It's funny.
The photo album.
That was the greatest thing ...
You say "Eleanor lives at such and such... " and no one listening on the waves is the wiser ... Eleanor is Memphis' "unicorn."
On boost night?
You didn't -- Well, well, well.
Today's Wednesday.
D-Day is Friday night ... That gives us two days to prep ... We're going to find the ladies on our list, find out where they live, when they're home; that they're properly insured ... Let's get into the vans -- Where we going -- ?
He owned the estate they lived on ... Ten points for our fearless leader ... Sway, how 'bout giving us the honor of the Bill Bixby trifecta -- ?
Thank-God, Sway, you ain't all freaky- deaky, too How about: a Corvette in MAGICIAN; a Ford pick-up truck in INCREDIZLE HULK, and... Here's where it gets tricky ... ... he walked in THE COURTSHIP OF Walked like a bastard... Skippin' stones and shit.. That's a good one, Donny...
Lives at 1443 Locklin in Rancho Palos Verdes ... Right.
Great car.
I was looking forward to that boost myself She was the only "Annie" you could find?
We were good when you bailed, weren't we? Very good... Cos there were those dark days, when I figured - my God, how easy it was for him to just give it up; to make the deal; take the rot for the whole crew ...
The family that steals together, deals together... Dad'd be proud -- Maybe not.
Doing this, we make mad bank, my boys are down, the girlies come around and the boosts are a breeze.
You'll be at the docks ... Keeping Otto abreast of our progress ... How come ... ?
Because you should be home with Nintendo, listening to The Spice Girls, little man ... Come on.
Kip, talk to the guy There's no talkin' to him -- (cup raised) To a safe and successful session of bumping fenders and trading paint.
This is how you're spending my time?
This will protect you from the anaerobic bacteria, that normally thrives in an airless; environment.
God help you if you don't ... Oh, this is a good time -- How much can one man smoke?
How can I help you?
I live at 1443 Locklin.
Ready to start erasing.
She was great.
Whatever will be will be... That's a good attitude, Kip.
What's your life?" Innocently.
The alarms go off ... Woo-woo-wooooo!
Pursuit has terminated at The Garden Park.
And Chuck Berry has come to an And Matty obliges with Golden Earring's "Radar Love" ...
Did they make it They did not.
He's napping.
It's a beautiful day, the birds are singing, and there's a container ship on Pier 14, that's guaranteed to bring you glee ... I want you gone, Randall.
Make it right with those you love.
Out of here for good this time ... Consider me gone, Detective -- I'll catch you later, Randall -- Double-meaning intended -- You betcha -- Split it up.
The new Belle and Sebastian.
Holy Shiite!
It's the new -- It's the record we've been listening to and enjoying, Barry.
(sarcastic) Great.
That's the fun of working in a record store.
Can I help you?
For her birthday.
Great.
There is no way she likes that song.
Okay, okay, buddy.
Nice, Barry.
Why not have a little fun?
It was his daughter's.
Great.
Super-fantastic.
I'm going to drink this bottle of wine watch TV and go to bed.
Meet a nice girl and have children.
That perm! "Show Me the Way"!
This is why I shouldn't be listening to pop music.
She shouldn't done it on "The Number Four With a Smile."
Isn't her album called "Number Four With A Smile?" That's what I said.
No, no, no, you said "The Number Four With a Smile," and there's no "The" at the front of the title of the album.
Enjoying yourselves?
Good.
Good.
There are plenty of others who will.
Well what about the new Echo -- Do not get ahead of yourself.
The interesting thing about Green Day is that so much of their music is in truth directly influenced by, in my opinion, two bands.
This sounds great.
Is this the new Green Day?
Art Garfunkel and Marvin GayeAlright, alright but -- and who says I like Marvin Gaye, anyway?
Hey! Marvin Gaye! "Got to Give It Up!" That's our song!
When I first met you, and I made you that tape, you loved it.
You said -- and I quote -- "It was so good it made you ashamed of your record collection."
Well, I liked you.
Good.
Your living with the guy!
Good.
I'd better go.
Good.
It works precisely because that isn't how you're supposed to do it, if you listen to the collective male wisdom.
(smiles) Right.
Great... That's great.
We can arrange to meet properly.
It would be musical differences.
Are you still in love with me?
I love you.
I was her first boyfriend.
Her first boyfriend.
Great.
And I knew that you were kind and thoughtful... you made me laugh, and I dug the way you got consumed by things you loved... and Marco seemed a bit more, I don't know, glamorous?
(pause) A little sunnier.
Thanks for your support, Rob.
It's the Steely Dan song.
You can't be called Barry and sing in a group called Barrytown.
But -- Great!
So much for friends, then.
That's a nice one.
I'll see you on Friday.
It's like everybody's a supporting actor in the film of your life story.
Thank you.
I'll pay for you.
Fantastic.
I'd just like you to be a little happier in your work, but beyond that you can do what you like.
I can't go to work with my hair dyed pink.
So what happens if you get happy?
What happens if you, I don't know, start you're own record label, and it's a success?
Time for a new girlfriend?
It's good.
We record a couple of songs right, in a studio.
Welcome aboard.
She also knew how happy I was when I used to deejay.
Well, I used to go to the Dodger on your nights, and I saw you're doing it again and that your putting out a record, and it's sort of a then-and- now story against the backdrop of the Chicago music scene with the emphasis on now.
Is now a good time?
It's a country-rock ballad.
"New Rose," by The Damned.
That's great.
So... (looking over her pad at the list) I should really put a James Brown in there -- Nice friend.
My friend.
Sitting off by himself in Bumpy's elegant garden apartment, heretofore his private sanctuary, Frank surveys the mourners circling the place like vultures: Tango Black, a huge brute, scavenging the catered food and tended bar ... Jackie Fox, surrounded by his ever-present coterie of sycophants ... Albert Tosca, an elegant Italian capo, and an underling, Rossi, at the bar.
White wine, please.
I'll be fine, Charlie.
That's the spirit.
And that's what you want to do for a living.
That's good service.
Who can I give you?
I'll give him to you.
She smiles back.
Tango and his bodyguard come in and approach Frank's table where he reads the morning paper as he eats breakfast.
He swallows finally, but then only reaches for his coffee cup to take a sip, further irritating Tango.
On the surface, though, Frank remains cool.
Above him on the wall is a framed photograph of Joe Louis standing over a sprawled-on-the-mat Billy Conn.
Bumpy smiles and tosses the stick.
Fifty grand.
So if that dope doesn't arrive, for whatever reason - (embraces Nate and whispers) Cousin or no cousin - don't let me down.
Please.
In gratitude - A discount on a TV, a Doughboy in the backyard, a new dress for your girlfriend maybe once a year.
The wonderful noise continues downstairs as Frank leads his mother on a tour of the upstairs.
(she looks at him) I'm so proud of you.
The brothers can't help but notice the storekeepers who wave to Frank, the women who smile, the men who step out of his path like there's a red carpet under his polished shoes.
Bumpy was rich, but never white man rich.
INTERCUT: Feminine hands stamp small packets of blue cellophane with the words `Blue Magic' - And my company sells a product that's better than the competition's at a price that's lower.
The Lucas brothers stare as the supervisor of the activity - clothed, with red hair - comes over.
Honey, these are my brothers.
Greets him cheerfully - Hey, Tango, what's up.
As Tango laughs at the thought - Yeah, that's right.
Good- looking girl.
Both are good with wires.
Have good informants.
A woman as beautiful as you shouldn't have to wait for anything.
He was as important as Dr. King, though.
What'd he teach you?
How to take my time ... how if you're going to do something, do it with care ... do it with love.
Oh, she's beautiful, Frank.
He's got a lot of clients in the business.
It's been his dream all his life to play for the Yankees - and he's good enough.
Thank you.
Pull - She's a lovely girl.
Bumpy and I did a lot of business together, as you know.
Whatever he needed, he'd come to me and I'd do my best to provide it.
Your customers are happy, but what about your fellow dairy farmers?
I can see you're getting excited.
To get excited.
Like he's structured his own family the same way to protect himself.
She's a beautiful girl - there's no question - but she's got an attitude on (her) - Listen to me.
What's my share?
"Special."
Not on a man's wedding day.
Have a nice honeymoon.
Now, that Grand Jury could come in very favorably.
He stares at it nonplussed, then looks up to a sound - a whoosh - as flames engulf the interior and spit out the windows of his Shelby Mustang ... The big knife in Frank's hand slices into the turkey and lifts meat onto a plate that's passed from hand to hand, the family engaged in several conversations at once, laughing - Bathroom.
Had a great time.
Why would you risk our friendship?
He gets up then, untacks Frank's photograph from its lowly position and moves it to a place no black has ever occupied - to the top of the pyramid - above the mafia.
Not when it's my life.
All rise - Your honor, a lot has been said here today about how unsavory Mr. Roberts' environment is for a child.
Tosca has come to see how Frank is recovering, and finds him, agitated, too long in bed even though it's only been a day, changing into a nice shirt, putting on his shoes - "I can guarantee you peace of mind," you said.
Do I look like a man with peace of mind to you?
(pause) Success has a lot of enemies.
Your success is who took a shot at you.
Your "special."A
His first client was Frank Lucas.
It's better that way.
You're welcome.
He picks it up, stares at a DIGITAL PHOTO ON THE SCREEN of himself and a very pretty woman (Tricia) at a costume party.
The tea cup RATTLES.
They clink their wine glasses, take sips, continue to chat.
A round for everyone, on me.
Will it help?
Trees are uprooted.
A FAMILY at breakfast, baffled that their cutlery, bowls and glasses resonate with the sound of Jeltz's voice.
Thank you.
...Perhaps the most remarkable, certainly the most successful book ever to come out of the great publishing corporations of Ursa Minor.
26a ARTHUR'S POV -- of space through the window, beautiful 26a purple-orange clouds of swirling stars and gasses. 2 21.
He faces them, holds up a book entitled... " " -- smirks, then begins to read Vogon poetry.
During a recitation by their Poet Master Grunthos the Flatulent of his poem "Ode to a Small Lump of Green Putty I Found in My Armpit One Midsummer Morning," four of his audience died of internal hemorrhaging, and the President of the Mid- Galactic Arts Nobbling Council survived by gnawing one of his own legs off.
So, Earthlings, I present you with a simple choice.
Jeltz looks surprised.
Good tact.
HHGG 3rd Revised Draft 8/8/03 Jeltz rubs one of his chins, then smiles and claps slowly.
Ford folds his towel into a tiny square, holds it up toward Arthur.
Will this help?
Zaphod spins around in his chair, holding a gun but sporting that same politically correct smile.
Zaphod gives Ford a big bear hug.
She smiles and gives him a friendly embrace.
I went to get wine and...
Oddly, Zaphod reacts with a smile.
A KLAXON sounds.
TWO MICE scurry out and scamper off, a hair-clip is clipped to one of the mice's tail.
A procession surrounds a CHARIOT.
Two young philosophers, LUNKWILL and FOOK (20'S) ride it into a grand TEMPLE.
I am the greatest computer you are able to design without my help.
To Life...the Universe...Everything.
Can I help you?
The surrounding crowd is stunned.
Thank you.
In the beginning, the universe was created.
57 The others follow.
He's a humanoid wearing a white robe and night-vision sun glasses.
Build bridges between the stars!
He holds up two peace signs, a la Nixon.
Mr. President, Mr. President!... Zaphod paints on a smile, breaks away from the others to go sign a few autographs.
Thank you!
Questular pulls out another small clump of hair.
Looking strangely happy, he slides the PINK COORDINATE CUBE Humma gave him into a slot on the console.
The computer fires to life, BLEEPS and BLIPS.
Yeeessss... Magic words?
Trillian takes the paper, runs her finger down to the signature line where it reads "Love and kisses, Zaphod!" Love and kisses...?
We thank you for your cooperation.
He looks up to: A PRESIDENTIAL PHOTOGRAPH -- of himself, in suit and tie, smiling broadly.
He finally gets to the window, hands the green form to the Vogon Processor.
Trillian looks to Arthur and musters a smile.
Calm down, get a grip now ... ooh!
This is an interesting sensation... ANGLE: From below.
This is an interesting sensation, what is it?
Good.
Is that a good name?
BEYOND THE CRATER -- they see a formation of large rocks, aligned in a circle.
Arthur looks up, registers surprise.
THE ROCK FORMATION -- looks like Stonehenge - only newer.
Ford..? He's got good hunches.
Zaphod takes it with a smile... ...and instantly points it at his head.
But he smiles anyway.
Marvin watches from within the Stonehenge formation.
Before he can react, A BRIGHT LIGHT SHINES BEHIND THEM.
Lovely crinkly edges.
A simple one should suffice.
What are they-- what's in the food?!
The platter the mice are standing on rises up, moves toward Arthur, ominous surgical instruments spring from it.
There's plenty more where that came from because my head is filled, with questions, and I can assure you mate, no answer to any of them has ever brought me one iota of happiness.
But happiness...?
We don't want to be happy.
We want to be rich.
(sarcastic) Brilliant plan.
He looks forward, sees Marvin raising the gun.
It amazes me how organized you and your little fun bunch can be when it comes time to mobilize to Vegas.
Right before the wedding?
You sort of have to do it before the wedding.
He's my friend.
Great.
Nice guys Tina.
My friends.
Are you in? Tina, are you in? Good.
David Boyd, nice to meet you.
I'm ready for marriage.
He's a great chef.
Do you love me?
Okay boys, smile!
Do you love me?
I love you.
Have a nice bachelor party.
Not on your life.
Good times.
I am a lover.
(swigs whiskey; looks up) New king.
And her hair smells sweet and she's your's.
If I'm the king of Israel, I say to myself, King, I say to myself, King... Take a good look around.
They scalp babies.
The Mexicans would love it.
They make me feel joy.
(bombed) Excellent.
God, I love women.
Happy bachelor party.
That's an easy call.
We say, ah... our friend, Michael... (to Adam) Your brother... got a little out of control... they were making love... and he got a little excited... and he, ah, sort of beat her head into the side of a toilet, while he choked her to death with a rubber hose... Stop it!
Well... we're all a bit high, you know, bachelor party, that kind of thing.
Fisher here is getting married in three days... Beautiful wife... he didn't have anything at all to do with it...
Good God... Good God... How do we get her out of here?
Looking good people.
Sun rises at 5:52.
They must be buried together or their souls won't rest in peace.
Now I am the last to say that we have done here is a good thing.
And... well... I'm proud of us.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
I got to agree with that.
Tony Robbins has helped me to unlock energy and see my options more clearly, yes, but to give him credit for this, for all of this... Well that's just more than the man deserves.
Speak from the heart my brother.
You have acquaintances -- business friends and superficial golf buddies.
Speaking for myself, let me say... ...I am deeply in love with the woman I am about to marry and I look very much forward to raising a family and being a positive member of society.
You have given us a second chance and let us take that second chance and use it as fuel to feed our fires of productivity so that the spirits of the two we now bury live on forever in the good deeds and positive achievements we from this moment on shall make our life's work... Thank you lord, and again, we ask for your forgiveness and guidance... Amen.
Okay great.
(to Fisher) Honey, sing it for Judge Tower.
(starts to choke-up) I'm just so goddamn proud of you... God knows I didn't always play it right with you...
I love you dad.
You're going to have a wonderful journey with this girl.
A wonderful, magical journey.
I love it.
I think we'll take some time to enjoy each other, enjoy our freedom before we surrender ourselves to kids.
(hugs Fisher) We will.
So where to on the honeymoon?
This is our honeymoon.
After the wedding, which we're paying for ourselves, and this house... Smart.
Is everything okay, honey?
Yeah baby.
Everything's great.
Look honey, I'll be right in.
It's great.
Dad, keep going with the toast, we'll be right in.
Adam! Calm down.
I've got a life.
You're cool right?
You are love pumping.
You are protecting all that is sacred and beautiful and in sync with poetry and sunsets and little newborn babies.
You love this woman.
Love is second to nothing.
I love you.
I love Moore.
I love Michael.
Easy Michael.
That's a fucking beautiful thing.
Over baby.
Out of respect.
For you and your wedding and your beautiful bride.
I'm gonna do it for sweet Lois.
Here's the deal and it's a good one.
Lois is cool.
Good deal.
(quietly) I got a peace treaty thing happening over here... let's get this over with.
I love you.
I've always had a pretty good aim... Michael was having an affair with Lois.
(continues) These rings represent the commitment Fisher and Liz make to each other on the day.
We just wanted to say congratulations and wish you great happiness.
The secret to a good marriage is to listen.
(cheerleader smile) Thank you.
Thank you.
I just wanted to give you the wedding, the life you always dreamed of... (sobs) ...I just love you so much...
But... Do you love me?
DO YOU LOVE ME?!
A lot of times... and I have to say this... Franco was lucky.
A good point.
Amen, brother.
Tell them I love them.
Do not fail your friend.
Our way is together.
You saved my life.
My daughter.
Let me ride for help.
Trust in that.
They are to dissuade the faint of heart.
Come, my virgin flower.
Gwen! Up, girl, up!
In the name of God! Nottingham!
God help us.
You have the diplomacy and honor code of a nobleman.
They say there are Arab women of such beauty that they can possess a man's mind, that he would be willing to die for them.
It is close to sunset.
Is she beautiful?
Let me see... Ah ha!
This is my land, and my tree.
I hope there's enough of me to satisfy you all.
You are still alive.
(laughing) The conquering hero returns.
A miracle.
You have done well, Mortianna.
For in madness, there is great power.
He loved you till the end, young master.
Come, friend.
But eat in peace.
The hospitality here is as warm as the weather.
By heaven, am I to dance next?
Soothe it!
Easy, easy.
I love you! (yelling) Robin of the Hood!
What is your pleasure, Gisborne?
My pleasure will be in doing the same to you.
Is this Arab magic?
A child's toy put to good use.
Beg for mercy, rich man.
I'd love to, mate.
And for the laughs.
I thank you, but my faith prevents me from partaking in such enjoyments.
I owes ya m'life.
I am glad I chanced by in time to help.
I wager you are a strong and honest man, and I'd be glad to have you at my side in a fight.
Win by guile.
Ya lookin' to join us, matie?
I am a rich man's son.
Ya're a daft bugger, Robin Hood, but ya're a brave 'un, I'll give ya that.
Tomorrow I shall best ya an' crack that blasted noble head in two.
Good.
These days the need for mercy is greater than ever.
We beseech thy blessing, Lord, on all your people, but most especially on our noble Lord Nottingham.
Grant him the wisdom to guide and protect our glorious city.
3. Pity, fine sir. 4. For my baby. 5. Etc.
For one who cannot see your beauty.
Go' bless ya, sir.
Then we shall take from him and his rich friends.
Brave talk, Locksley.
I am grateful for your concern, friends, but I have to prove to them it is possible to overcome unequal odds.
The horse is smarter than you are, Will.
My men are thirsty and have much to celebrate.
Lord bless me, sir, are these your men?
Well, sir, if you wish them to share in the good Lord's brew... ... you must best me for it.
Confess that Friar Tuck is a better, holier, and braver man than thou art, knave.
Aye, the Romans built a bleedin' great wall to keep 'em out.
They were woodsmen, dressed in green.
God bless you, sir.
An' Go' bless Robin 'Ood, friar.
Ah, the good Lord giveth and the good Lord taketh away.
Good morrow, brothers.
Good morning, Lady Marian.
Never seen nuthin' like it in my bloomin' life.
This better be damned important.
Give him some warm food and a real bed.
Duncan, you are most welcome.
We have to be ready to move camp at any time.
Whistles by day, fire by night.
Ya'll be fine.
Welcome, sir.
This must be a truly evil potion, to make the soul feel this good.
Come, holy man.
The dancing demon!
Good morning.
Then be my friend.
There are women and children here in greater need of your courage.
Embrace it.
Your soul is mine.
You love me.
(sinking) I love you.
Kiss me.
She is with friends.
I promise.
Your gratitude warms my heart.
And you can succeed?
It will look better.
My pride brought us to this.
It was you who gave these men pride.
Kiss me, Robin.
Will walked in and announced himself.
Our men are to be hung in the square on Saturday.
The hangings are to be part of the celebration for the Sheriff's marriage.
If it be your biddin' that this be my last night o' life, Lord, gimme the pluck to die proud.
An' look 'ee kindly on my folks an' the young 'uns.
Did you succeed?
With the reward.
Make way for the Lord's business.
These are libations for the celebration of your lordship's nuptials.
Likes a good 'angin', I do.
'Bout time, ya gurt lug.
Friends!
Ya milksops, ya bleedin' pansies.
Marry us.
Jump!
(kicking him) A fine friend you are!
By the grace of Allah and Jehovah we have won the day, and you want to give up the ghost.
Please!
There's life in the heathen dog yet.
(laughs) Here, Tuck.
By the power vested in me by God's holy church, I now pronounce you husband and wife.
We waste good celebration time.
(kissing Marian's cheek) You look radiant, cousin.
We are deeply honored by Your Majesty's presence.
It is I who am honored, Lord Locksley.
(whispers) My friend, a word of advice... Ride her better than your horse.
An old castle-like structure emerges from the water.
Will the wedding be crowded?
Margot runs, clutching a suitcase, holding down a floppy wine colored sun hat.
Why aren't you wearing your new shades?
Anyway... Malcolm holds up his wrist and shows a knit blue and orange bracelet.
It's beautiful, Ingrid.
They meet eyes.
Few friends.
We have a... Well...I'm glad you changed your mind and came.
(quickly) Well, I'm so pleased we're here.
(pause) Let's not... I've become a really good cook.
Yeah, but I love REM now.
Pauline and Margot crack up laughing.
The stuff in wine.
Well, okay... (back into it) It is nice she came for the wedding.
But it is nice she came.
It's the smarter play.
Pubic hair.
Well done.
You were great on the way up.
You like to make fun of me.
Ingrid's going to sing.
There is no hitting in our family.
Are they rich?
Claude draws a boy with a big claw for a hand and CLAWED under it.
We didn't invite them to the wedding.
He's doing the interview with me in town on Friday.
I don't subscribe to the credo that there's enough room for everyone to be successful.
You have fun.
Fine, we'll have fun.
Go! How's your dad? Good.
(laughs) Testicles.
It's meant to be funny.
Can't Josh and Dad come to the wedding?
Because I didn't want to get you excited before it was real.
In two more weeks we can celebrate together, okay?
Why do I have to be so careful around her, but everyone is allowed to make fun of me?
Well...does that sound good to you?
Come here, honey!
What makes you think he's cool?
She and Lenny also followed some guru who was a follower of the Mukdananda who made her drink his bath water.
The kids walk ahead.
Claude and Margot walk ahead.
We had a tree doctor out and he said it was healthy.
You brought up the tree.
This was better thought-through back at the house.
A smile breaks across Pauline's face.
Did you drink your teas?
He says, still with anger: Let's make love.
Jim smiles warmly at his son.
Margot stares at Jim. Margot, open your gift.
He didn't want to come to the wedding?
(pause) You want to see me dance?
Maybe a couple of remarks that she'd used some things of ours... Then The New Yorker comes -- we have a subscription -- and there's the story and... It's things we said and did -- stuff I told her in confidence.
I'd love to see him tell a linear story for a change.
Jim never wanted to make it easy for the reader, did he.
The nicest man I've ever met, but he can't play the game.
I wish I had taught you better manners.
You're still handsome.
Now, can I cut down the tree?
She emailed me after we met at that reading at the college and...
I promise.
Pauline thrusts the book back at Margot -- The kids sleep in one bed.
Everything's fine.
Up ahead is a tiny depot.
Your dad will be very happy to see you.
You always don't want to leave me and you always have a good time once you do.
She hugs him.
She kisses his lips and releases him.
Promise me.
And the new title stays between us.
Thank you for this opportunity, Mark.
As the law's right hand, I'm here so that people like you can live in your own little happy world and think places like this mall are safe and fun.
I pay good money to this mall.
That color looks great on your skin.
I'm here on official business.
Dennis, man, I'm glad we've got a minute to talk.
See you later, buddy.
You give?
It's your new best friend.
Then, that will be your new best friend.
Okay, look alive, soldier.
No more slacker attitude for you.
We're just gonna get her down to my office and everything's going to be fine, so the best thing for you employees to do is just get on back to your stations and you customers can go ahead and enjoy the back to school savings here at Carolina Mall.
I'm fine, Ronnie.
She's fine, Ronnie.
Great.
Thank you.
What color was his hair?
I thought you loved my purity.
I'll stop by for breakfast tomorrow.
See ya tomorrow.
Good to see you, brother.
Thanks for waking me up this morning, Ronnie.
A cook and chef, together, serving up justice.
(to Saddamn) Have a good day, sir.
Whatever, hippy.
It's rewarding too because at the end of the day, you know you've done something good for the world.
Well, my young apprentice.
I promise.
It would be my honor.
Alright, thanks for the ride.
See ya tomorrow.
Rich guys.
Thanks for the ride.
I never cared about who you wanted to be, I fell in love with who you really are.
Yeah, um, I've got a really special date tonight with a hot young lady -- Do you know Brandi?
Ronnie, you look so handsome!
That sounds wonderful.
She's the most perfect girl in the whole world.
I swear he was the most handsome man that I had ever laid eyes on.
I love you, Ronnie.
I love you, too, Mom.
Well, Brandi, can I just say that you look absolutely beautiful tonight.
Help yourself.
Listen, I know you're Ronnie's new girlfriend.
Pull it together.
Plus, I feel pretty confident that you'll end up burning in hell because of the various evil ways you live your life and that brings me some satisfaction.
Thanks.
Congratulations, my friend.
Joy, happiness, appreciation.
The pink rose means thank you.
It symbolizes love.
Well, in that case, the greatest symbol of love is just a single red rose.
And to present you with this single red rose.
It symbolizes 'love.' Ronnie, that's really... uncalled for.
You're telling me I'm not living up to my full potential in life.
Thank me?
Because I'm proud to report that I passed the test.
Thank you, Detective Harrison.
Thank you for giving this rookie a shot.
Good morning, Mark.
I mean, what's so good about this morning?
Have fun, Ronnie.
Nice and slow.
Okay, I think we're good here.
It's been a pleasure, Ronnie.
Thank you, ma'am.
I don't tell you how to party, don't tell me how to live my life.
(drunk laughing) That's right!
Listen, I don't really know how to say this, but we're not going to be able to let you join the academy.
You look beautiful tonight.
I'm ready, Saddamn.
Nell, for the love of God, don't go with him.
I lived by an old code where one was bound by duty and honor.
Now, I can show you the way, but you've got to be willing to accept it.
Are you ready for a trip to the other side?
Let's party.
She wasn't that hot, but what else do I got to do? Sweet Jesus in the morning.
Hey, hand me that camera.
Thanks, Ronnie.
Right before lunch I usually blaze up again real good.
My wife's gonna love this perfume.
It's my favorite.
Dennis, I got to thank you for today.
Well that's not me.
Good, man.
That makes me feel better.
Yeah, I heard they finally caught up with you.
It's cool, but I need to know why you did it.
Man, that gig was one of the best jobs I ever had.
Nell, this is the only job I was ever any good at.
Enjoy your shopping experience at Carolina Mall.
Good job, Ronnie.
(beat) Well fine--they'll stay by themselves then.
Easy.
Contest's tomorrow at noon.
(beat) You must be from like, the cool side of the uterus.
So you watching Pearl Jam on MTV tonight?
(beat) My mom'll be out of town.
(nodding faster) Cool.
It was amazing, Daph ... I'm like: "Well my Mom'll be out of town."
And he's like "Well, cool."
(pause ...) It is not slutty, Daph, it's cute.
Well great.
Weil great.
(pause ...) Yeah ... (smiling wider) Well here I am.
Well that makes it a lucky day for both of us, hunh?
Gosh, I loved that show.
Watched it for years.
You're in ... (smiles) You know ... Bud.
Mary Sue ... Breakfast is on the table.
We're in Pleasantville? (grinning) Dream come true, hunh?
That was gorgeous Bud.
Well, come on kids.
It's so flattering.
(dazed) Thanks.
(once again) Morning kids.
(big smile) Oh nonsense young lady.
You're going to start your day with a nice big breakfast.
Hi ya Biff.
I'm so glad you're here.
(chipper) Couple of cheeseburgers and two cherry cokes.
(to God) Thanks a lot.
Sure is pretty.
(staring at him) Oh yeah ... Gorgeous.
Yeah ... (proud) Well you weren't around this time so I did the whole thing myself.
Well gee thanks Biff.
I had a really wonderful time.
That's ... Relax "Bud."
(relishing her new word) "Kewl."
(continuing) But this morning I was thinking about it and I realized that I looked forward to it all year.
Basketball?
That's a good point, Ralph.
He said it would clear up on its own if she just stayed away from fried foods and sweets ... Well that makes sense.
I was going by it the other day and it looked green only "greener."
What's sex?
Hmm ... (whisper/ woman to woman) Well, Mom ... there's ways to "enjoy" yourself without Dad.
(fading in) ... In honor and in recognition of your heroism ...And with great appreciation from the citizens of Pleasantville I am pleased to present You with this special commendation, from the Pleasantville Chamber of Commerce!
(smiling) I baked you my oatmeal cookies.
(an exotic concept) Keeps going ... Well--it all just keeps going.
Hunh? (looks down at the book) Oh yeah ... Well this is great.
Gettin' stranger.
And it isn't just 'cause you're a great bowler ... They respect you ... (heartfelt) Thank you very much.
(big patriarchal smile) And that's why I want you to be on the Pleasantville Chamber of Commerce.
(smiling) Why don't you start by saying "yes," and then getting me one of those swell pineapple kabobs.
Thank you.
It's an art book.
(big smile) You know I've been thinkin' ... I might have been a little "hasty" the other day when you asked to come home--just took me by such surprise, ya know--ha ha ... So even though I can't make any promises, well--I figured if you asked me real nice--I might just be willing to talk about it again.
I mean, they're great cookies ... Look, I'd love to get into this whole thing but I'm really running late.
Listen ... You're reading?
(still stunned) That's great.
Thanks.
Bud? Here's my favorite.
(a whisper) ... It's beautiful.
How? Well it's louder ...
And ... and a lot more dangerous ... Sounds fantastic.
Well it's big.
They grow wild up here.
So sweet.
Currants and strawberries ... Here.
Honey--I'm home.
Where's my dinner ... (insistent) Where's my DINNER ... Where's my DINNER!
"Honey--I'm home."
Gus, why don't you get a bunch of kids from the basketball team to help you put them up on lamposts and tree trunks ... (soothingly) And the first thing you're gonna do is get a cup of hot cocoa and a nice dry bowling shirt.
Sounds nice ... Once you get used to it.
It's beautiful.
Hello Whitey ... (loud) Hey Bud, how come you're not at the town meeting right now? (curt) No reason.
Look ... It was a gift Bud.
It was so special.
You liked these things as much as I did, remember: Warm smells in the family kitchen?
A smile from a stranger?
You're gonna get that remote and you're gonna come home and we're gonna make everybody HAPPY AGAIN!!! Don't make me get rough with you!
It's better, Mary Sue.
"FOUR: The only permissible recorded music shall be the following: Pat Boone, Johnny Mathis, Perry Como, Jack Jones, The marches of John Phillips Souza or the Star Spangled Banner.
I'll help you.
(smiles) Why don't you just take me back without it?
See--and this is really great-- the show was on for what--half an hour a week?
Do you admit that on the night of May 1, you did consciously and willfully apply the following FORBIDDEN colors to the Pleasantville Town Hall: (beat) Red, Pink, Vermillion, Puce, Chartreuse, Umber, Blue, Aqua, Ox Blood, Green, Peach, Crimson, Yellow, Olive and Magenta.
Well--it was dark out ... Good.
Wouldn't it feel better than when they used to win all the time?
Green.
The one that you see on a bright cold morning.
It's beautiful.
They're marshmallow rice squares.
Thanks.
I'm so proud of you, Bud.
Thanks ... I love you.
I love you too.
You better stand back a little.
And god have mercy on whomever you meet next.
She stands at the open window, watches his coltish high steps with love.
Your father was a proud man.
He knew that his strength was a gift to be given in the service of honor.
That is why he dedicated his life to his country and his King.
That is why he gave his life, for both.
You have your father's heart, his will to fight, his courage.
But these gifts have no value unless they are given.
It's time for you find your fortune with men as brave and as bold as you are.
Until after harvest.
Same thing, these days.
But I can't promise he'll be pleased.
(off their looks) To celebrate.
And to plan our new lives.
It is a gift from the Queen of America.
(amused) I was?
The great who?
The great Porthos.
The world's greatest talker?
I'll deliver it for you.
I have watched him grow toward manhood, seen the toll his life demands.
But how can I...? Flatter him.
They are the bravest fighters in France.
I thought it best to act quickly -- I will be the judge of what is best.
She's beautiful.
What's a man to do? (enjoying the Cardinal's humor) I have no idea.
The course of love is full of frightful turns.
The bravest man in France... Good advice for a shopkeeper.
They're my friends too.
(reacts, knows what this portends) And the Queen...? (he smiles, lewd) She will receive me in ways she never thought possible.
But first, my hair... Father?
I'll try my best to be on time.
Pleased to meet you... How do you do?... Good to see you again... Well.
I'm fine, thank you.
Now what...? God, I love my work.
But he's also right.
Well, you're the first person who was ever happy to be here.
I want Buckingham's signature next to mine before the King's birthday.
And doing so, shall earn you the gratitude of... a King.
I like it where it is.
I admire your courage, young man.
Good night, d'Artagnan.
Enjoy it.
(looks on, grins) Trinkets for the ladies.
(to d'Artagnan) Unhitch the horses.
A good man, I'm told.
This other Musketeer -- is he still alive?
Your father was bold, and brave.
(with relief) Thank God for a friendly face.
Stay on your horse.
We'll help him.
Good evening.
Ladies, you're in for a treat tonight.
Though less... practiced in the arts of pleasure...' If you're going to be a proper Musketeer, you'll have to learn the manly art of wenching.
Right, ladies?
The secret to wenching is the first kiss.
For in that kiss, a lasting impression is made.
Please.
Thou art more lovely and more temperate: Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, And summer's leash hath all too short a date; Sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines, And often is his gold complexion dimmed; And every fair from fair sometimes declines, By chance, or nature's changing course untrimmed; But thy eternal summer shall not fade.
So long lives this, and this gives life to thee.' Shakespeare.
It's beautiful.
I have never seen Athos smile.
He'll be his usual warm, charming self by morning.
Come join us.
Love?
Love.
A love story?
Then you're in love.
Are you in love, Your Majesty?
My love... is a matter of state.
(playing along) As Queen, my mind touches on many subjects.
I am worried about the King's... happiness.
And now he wishes to postpone his birthday celebration.
(beat) He will listen to you.
They are better off disbanded.
A birthday celebration when we're on the brink of war... (alert, ready for this as well) Your subjects are eager to celebrate the birth of their King at a time like this.
Why don't you discuss the matter with your Queen?
A nice, relaxing boat ride.
For free.
You go first and I'll watch your progress.
Please.
Thank you.
A nice relaxing boat ride...
He promised to take me on my tenth birthday.
He replies with quiet cynicism: Well.
The thrill of the hunt.
I'd be proud to die for my King.
'Important business.'
Men make bold plans in secret.
(looks up; laughs lightly) I've heard that one before.
And please, make it very brave, filled with handsome knights and beautiful ladies.
Then what am I? You're... beautiful.
Beauty, danger.
Milady leaps after it, hands out- stretched.
Parker faces d'Artagnan with a half-smile.
D'Artagnan looks at the dagger in his right hand.
But a surprise waits for you in England.
Milady emerges from her room, dressed for travel.
The past, their love, and where it led them.
He has ridden, and he has followed, and he has finally found her here.
Countess de Winter...
Their hot re- flection dances in her pale blue eyes.
Will you spare my life?
Milady offers a half-smile, takes his hand in hers.
Milady's hand in his.
She wears a simple white shift, her hair pulled back into a long braid.
Followed by Armand de Winter, Aramis, d'Artagnan.
The Executioner removes a bright scimitar from beneath his cloak.
That's when a loud BOOM rocks the room.
The great door shudders under the impact of a terrific blow.
Another BOOM and the great hall is plunged into further chaos.
The Musketeers wade into the Guards, and the great hall is transformed into a bat- tlefield.
Anne watches him with a host of emotions.
Respect, admiration... love. Louis pauses to return her gaze, then returns to battle.
Constance smiles, leaps forward.
But Athos soon gains the upper hand.
Rochefort smiles a taunt.
A FIRE ROARS in a great stone hearth.
Can I help you?
She is a warm, matronly woman who does a fine job running the house without standing on custom.
The sound of the song itself -- "I HAVE NOTHING" -- comes softly from concealed speakers.
Painters, decorators and designers come and go, oblivious to Frank's presence.
Among the framed photo- graphs of Rachel accepting awards etc., is one of her and her small son, FLETCHER, dressed in a tuxedo.
MUSIC BLARES out.
A group of six dancers, is rehearsing an energetic dance number for a music video, directed by their choreographer RORY.
Guitars of various makes.
Playback, everybody!
Come here, Rory! Sugar, that's gonna be great.
I love the ending... Rachel... Nicki, how'd you like the number?
(to dress designer) Let's see the back again... Rachel, raise your butt out of there and meet this man.
(to Fletcher) Nice meeting you.
Devaney says you were in the Secret Service.
That's good.
Thanks.
They kiss and Rachel moves toward the entrance.
So great to see you.
A little girl darts into their path and approaches Rachel.
I'm surprised you didn't plug them.
For starters, I love this lady... What I do for her I do for love.
Her happiness is everything to me.
Fletcher looks pleased.
Nice work, though.
Now she leans back on the chaise lounge where she is sunning, trying to listen to a new song on a Walkman.
Nice suit, Frank.
For me? It's beautiful.
Rachel manages a quick smile to Frank as she gets in the back.
The RADIO PLAYS SOFTLY in the b.g.
Tony burps, smiles at Frank.
You're listening to K.R.O.K., the rock of L.A. and yes we have.
Others join in as the mob presses forward.
The instant she exits the car, her expression goes public -- a wide, show-biz smile.
If someone is willing to swap his life for a kill, nothing can stop him.
Great.
Frank laughs.
Frank puts a smiling spin on this last; it's pretty charming.
A SONG comes on the JUKEBOX -- 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKEN HEARTED.' Frank smiles as Rachel begins to sing.
Frank and Rachel navigate a tiny dance floor.
Frank is a surprisingly good dancer and is comfortable being this close to her.
Rachel hums softly, picking up the words to the song.
A beat, then Rachel bursts out laughing.
Now they're both laughing.
(grinning) It is, isn't it.
Frank, still dancing, makes a smooth quick turn that puts his body between Rachel and the noise.
They drift back into the music, Rachel singing, Frank watching.
They said you were in the Secret Service.
They are both holding it as Rachel presses her body against Frank's and they begin to kiss.
Frank smiles.
Great.
(sweetly) Hello, Ben honey.
Rachel, congratulations, you must be thrilled at the... (across him) Ben.
...It's off to Sun City today for Best Actress nominee Rachel Marron.
Rachel's giving two AIDS charity concerts this week at Miami's Fontainebleau Hotel.
And rumor has it that the lovely lady has unseated the governor of Florida himself.
Who says a nomination isn't as good as winning... Frank looks up at the disappearing helicopter then down over the edge and around the corner.
Frank smiles and nods to the nanny.
Thuringer follows.
Thuringer smiles.
It's good money, isn't it?
We hear LAUGHTER.
Did a little shopping.
Tony comes back, a smile playing across his lips.
Rachel is seated at her dressing table applying her makeup for the evening's performance.
The telephone RINGS as she begins to work on her hair.
Baby, is that you?
It's mommy, honey.
Bright sun.
Nicki absently sings an old gospel tune as she tosses breakfast scraps to a group of hungry ducks gathered by the porch.
Nicki's soft voice is joined by Rachel's strong harmony, and the two men watch as Rachel comes out to join her sister on the porch, startling Nicki.
Both sing for a moment, together.
Rachel gives her a hug.
Herb and Frank are about to return to the house.
Frank finally makes it to the dock and continues to sprint after the boat.
Fletcher, baby.
Baby.
Herb puts his hand on Fletcher's head.
Frank begins to stand up.
On an impulse, he stretches out his hand, palm downward.
She was good.
(finally, quietly) She never hurt a soul.
She gave me only love.
It's bright sunshine.
The SHOUTS and LAUGHTER of the kids continue.
When I was back in Squirrel Hill, I started betting my friends fifty bucks each that someday I'd win an Oscar.
You can understand how important it is that they see me up there if I win.
If everyone of those pikers comes through, it could add up to a lot of money.
And you're good.
(relieved) So... I'm going to go see if I win an Oscar.
He kisses her and lays her down.
Spector and Frank join the group.
Honey, everything's fine.
They stare at each other and everyone else stares at them.
Tony squares off with Spector.
Reardon is just introducing TOM WINSTON, the actor who will announce the Best Actress award.
Play on Winston to applause.)
Presenting the Best Actress award, we have the man who last year received the top honor an actor can achieve for his performance in "South Of Waco".
Tonight we give this award not to the best actress, but to the best performance by one of five exquisitely talented artists... ...And the nominees for best performance by an actress in a leading role are -- Constance Simpson for Hot and Cold... ...Ellen Pearson for Maybe Soon... Frank comes up swiftly.
... Rachel Marron for Queen Of The Night... Tony, I want you on the other side... and check out that guy.
L.C. Dean for I Dream Of Peace ...and Evelyn Gardner for The Harper Plan... Frank draws his gun.
And the winner is... Rachel Marron for Queen Of The Night.
Devaney and Spector kiss her.
Hey! You! What the fuck you think you're doin' back here... With amazing speed, the cameraman - Portman - wheels around, simultaneously jabbing two outstretched fingers from his free hand straight into Tony's eyes.
(smiles) Aloha.
Lotta good hidin' places on this body.
Told you there was a lotta good hidin' places on this body.
This is a bonus.
I'm in love.
You get all the pretty ones.
Where were you Friday night?
(smiles) Got your prints on it.
And Thursday night, and Saturday, too.
But one to five is better than ten to life.
He'd be good.
Nobody said it was gonna be easy.
A couple days.
-- and it is too easy to say that he was a good man in his job because he gave more than most.
And it's too easy to say that he was a good man in his community because he gave more than others.
And it's too easy to say he was a good man at home with his family because he was always there when they needed him.
Special Agent Lionel Hudd was not just a good man, he was an extraordinary man.
But more important is loyalty.
Nothing is more important than that.
I mean the first thing that goes in a marriage is respect.
And I trust him with my life.
Helluva nice shot, Joe.
Good, I need the money.
Better him than you.
Hudd was too good for this to happen...
Good work.
Thanks.
Do me a favor.
-- when the defendant, Clyde Dunner, entered the house of George and Carol Beaman on Friday night, a .44
caliber pistol in his hand.
He entered the house with one thing in mind.
Then the defendant, in his effort to cover up the crime, doused them with lighter fluid and set the house on fire... Carol was still alive.
I must remind the defendant that he is not to speak out when -- That ain't my gun!
Whenever you're ready.
Your honor, can we have a moment?
Yes, your honor.
Thank you, your honor.
Good while it lasted though.
A hundred grand apiece.
Yeah, that's me, I love to make people laugh.
...I'm a little surprised.
No. I've made up my mind.
(forces a smile) Oh, yeah, the legal thing.
She dances.
Especially in his business.
Yes, your honor.
The net worth of both men is estimated at over a billion dollars -- but William McCall shunned the business world and turned his life to medicine, receiving his medical degree from Harvard in 1969.
Raise your right hand.
Yes, your honor.
Everything's fine, Manny.
It's worth a lot more than twenty- five grand.
You can do that for your old friend, right?
Have a nice trip.
You know, the one thing about life... you can never lose your sense of humor.
Have a suture ready.
(wind, music) ...from the Texas School Book Depository.
I followed you... from the beach... (impressed) Wow!
(everything's cool) That's Jim.
My new friend.
Listen children -- to the sound of the Nuremberg night.
A symmetrical angel.
An animal.
Your hand Tasted?
Rare meat, corn, water and wine (ad lib) SSSSssss... ego trip man, c'mon!
It was a bore!! That's what! (laughter) Hey it was better'n a Warhol picture.
I think you're alive by recognizing beauty -- seeing truth because when you discover truth you discover what love is... we're all saying the same thing.
It's "love me and I'll love you."
I love your neck.
(she gets in his lap) "...but one, the most beautiful one of all dances in a ring of fire and throws off the challenge with a shrug" That's beautiful.
Well I saw the head of production and I said Godard doesn't use scripts, he improvises with his camera and he said, "great who's Godard?" (laughs) We gotta take the planet back, reinvent the Gods, make new myths.
(suddenly sings) Let's swim to the moon un hunh Let's climb thru the tide Penetrate the evening That the city sleeps to hide Let's swim out tonight love It's our turn to try Parked beside the ocean On our moonlight drive Wow!... Y'know man those are hot lyrics -- really hot! (pleased) ...could you write the music for that down, if we went over to your place, could you write that on your organ?
It's like I'm taking notes at a rock concert going on inside my head.
I actually hear the music -- the spirit of the wine y'know, intoxication.
Let's get a rock and roll band together man and make a million bucks.
I meditate with them.
Make the myths man!!
Great golden copulations in the streets of LA. (looks at a passing girl) Hey, do you know her?
Great book.
It's from William Blake actually, the line -- "when the doors of perception are cleansed -- things will appear as they truly are..." (finishes) -- infinite".
It's great, Jim.
You love us?
I love ya.
Yeah right, but what about the music?
Hey the music?
I love it man, that's why we're talking right?
Brown you got a lovely daughter".
Wherever ya want to go babe, trust me, I'll get you there.
He's just getting his confidence.
But you better watch out for the guys.
I been playing music for 10 years man and this is the first time in my whole damned life I ever played it.
Are you satisfied?
Let's go to the desert... do the peyote, the good peyote.
Yeah, Arthur Lee's cool.
They're the best... better'n the Beatles.
Alive, any of you alive -- let's take a poll -- how many of you know you're really alive!!
Raise your hands c'mon man... let's go.
(calmly smiling) You have the face of a pig man.
GREEK TRAGEDY!! It's ART!! Come on Jerry, cool it, cool it... he's a kid, it's a song about dying, changing... (to RAY and ROBBIE) We'll never work again man.
Bertold Brecht, cabaret and rock.
You guys are amazing!
I'm having big fun.
Come on baby, LIGHT MY FIIIRRRREEEE!!! (after song) Pretty good!
Pamper yourself sweetheart, you don't want split ends, you're a celebrity now.
What about me? (a look) Honey, we don't have enough time.
He likes it the way it is... (backing off) All right, be mean... Boys -- meet Mr. Sullivan Hi boys, heard your song "Light That Fire" (Herb corrects) ...think you're great... good luck out there.
You can't say "higher" on network so they asked if... you could say, "girl we can't get much better"... can you dig that?
How 'bout, "girl you couldn't bite my wire".
I don't think Standards and Practices would... Look, you boys don't forget to smile now.
What -- are we the Beatles now John? (laughs) It's only a word man.
Come on baby, light my fire Try to set the night on FIIIIRRRRRE!
To be adored.
I'll never wake up in a good mood again... Lament for my cock, a tongue of knowledge deep in the feathered night, gives life, soar and crucify, I seek to know you... It's not so complicated Jim, it's just sex, y'know.
Aren't you doing this for you, because you're a poet, not a rock star.
Where is the wine -- the new wine -- dying on the vine?
Their souls in jeopardy.
You preach, "saving the planet", "making a new age" but how does drinking, taking drugs, this boozy sort of apocalyptic stance at the world influence young people in a positive way?
(ignoring his smile) And alcohol?
Great!
A new thing.
I practice the Craft.
I'm a witch (smiles) A white one.
(impressed) Wow!
You drink blood the right time of the moon... they used to dance in the forests naked.
(sexy) Come on rock god, fuck me, fuck me good.
You love yourself.
(he's moving, getting into it) ...good... big cat stalking... ...the camera is like a roulette wheel Jim.
I thought we were gonna be a band, the four of us -- and party all night, rock and roll! (laughs) I could never keep up with you Jim.
I couldn't make the music.
Well, it was such a big opening, we just had to go to Philadelphia, y'know, you were supposed to, mmm... (butting in) Andy! Andy! ...but so many people showed up, the paintings were getting crushed, so they took them all down... um, it really looked great y'know... maybe uhhh... (long pause) (cutting in) ...the walls.
Andy was the art.
We'd just love to have you in our movies Jim, you're so beautiful, you'd be so good, you mmmm, here... this is for you Jim.
I loved them!
Thank you.
University of Florida, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Arlington, Virginia, Washington, D.C. Brother, sister, it's seven miles long baby -- it's all in the "The End", it's so easy.
Did he love you?
You're the best man.
City of Night!
(ad lib) Awright, the vibrations are right now, I feel peace and love here today, I feel a grooviness coming on, do you Ray Manzarek take your lady love... (etc.)
I'm really happy for you Ray you found life... Jim, I need some safflower oil.
It's fun to walk, isn't it.
You PROMISED.
(humming) "Do the funky chicken, do dah, dah, funky chicken do da da "love my girl" -- Let's go wild child, let's get out there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam, rock and roll (a poem) ...all the poetry has wolves in it, but one Pam -- the most beautiful one of all -- dances in a ring of fire and throws off the challenge with a shrug (romantic) I like it when you sing to me 'cause I'm the poet and you're my muse What am I going to do about these papers!
Let's go wild child, let's get out there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam, rock and roll (a poem) "Clothed in sunlight Restless in wanting Dying of fever Changed shapes of an empire Vast promissory notes of joy How it has changed you How slowly estranged you Solely arranged you Beg you for mercy" (cupping her chin) Pam... Honey, you're trying too hard.
Your Mom's here with your brother.
This is the best part of the trip, honey... Dead President's corpse in the driver's car The engine runs on glue and tar C'mon along, we're not going very far To the East to meet the Czar... (dimly heard) ...we worship the ancient forces of Nature, the Triple Goddess, the Great Mother and the Lord, the Horned One... when the vow is taken ...it is a blending of souls on a karmi and cosmic plane that affects your future incarnations on this planet.
(building faster and faster) Run with me, run with me Run with me, let's run Some outlaws live by the side of a lake The minister's daughter's in love with a snake Who lives in a well by the side of the road Wake up girl!
We're almost home We shall see the gates by morning We shall be inside by evening Sun, sun, sun Burn, burn, burn Moon, moon, moon!
It was beautiful... wasn't it?
And it was nice of you to bring your friend.
Call me when you get your new number... (Girl 2 comes back in, dressed) Hey that's a really nice outfit you're wearing, you really have good taste in clothes.
(grins) What?
(slurred) It's a secret.
I got this wonderful leg of lamb in the oven for supper... and the house is immaculate.
Jim goddamit answer me!! (no answer, she yells) What was that promise you made Why don't you tell me what she said What was that promise that she made I'm gonna love you Till the heaven stops the rain I'm gonna love you Till the stars fall from the sky For you and I... (to Botnick the engineer) ...fuckin' neanderthal primadonna is too drunk to see.
(cuts the music, to Jim) Cut it... that was beautiful sweetheat, we had a technical problem, we'll take it again from the top babe whenever you're ready.
Right here baby.
(exasperated) I hear the booze, I hear the smokes Jim, I don't hear the voice and babe I didn't hear the song!
It's a perfect radio song for chrissake!
Songs like "Touch Me" and "Follow Me Down" are not the Doors we once knew.
That's what I pay you for.
I loved that man.
I loved what he was.
The ancient wine.
Come on guys, cool it!
I just want the pure beauty of absolute zero and sing the blues man -- do nuthin, go nowhere, just be.
Rock is cock babe and your rock is dyin'.
Sex?
Salvation?
The first two novels come along they love you, next few they slam but if you stay around long enough, one day they say, "hey he's part of the national psyche".
I was only interested in freedom.
Wow! YAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWW... Love my girl!
(song) Five to one One in five No one here gets out alive You gets your baby I'll get mine Gonna make it, baby If we try The old get old The young get stronger May take a week And it may take longer They got the guns But we got the numbers Gonna win yeah -- WE'RE TAKING OVER!!
Your ballroom days are over baby Night is drawing near Shadows of the evening Crawl across the years You walk across the floor With a flower in your hand Tryin to tell me no one understands Trade in your hours for a handful of dimes Gonna make it baby -- in our prime Get together one more time Get together ...one more time Get together one more time Get together one more time Lettin people tell you what you're gonna do!
I'm talkin 'bout LOVE.
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE... LOVE!!!! Grab your friend -- and LOVE him.
Yeah! (cheers, giggles) "Light My Fire"!
You didn't come here for music.
You didn't come here to see a good band.
Would ya, would ya, would ya!! Now watch -- I'm gonna show it to ya!
Death doesn't part, only love Jim! Come on Patricia, I was stoned... it seemed like the fun thing at the time.
What difference does it make.
[...] (overlapping) I booked you round trip to New York for Thursday, Pamela's called six times, Patricia, Kathy, Judy, Gayle is pregnant, she says but... you gotta get straight, honey, go to sleep, get a massage, go to the dentist, get a haircut honey, you gotta cool out... Probably a bath too... (reading a rock magazine) Jesus Jim, this guy really despises you.
(a poem) There was preserved in her the fresh miracle of surprise... clothed in sunlight restless in wanting dying of fever married to doubt how it has changed you how slowly estranged you solely arranged you beg for your mercy -- OR -- ...but all will pass lie down in green grass and smile and muse and gaze upon her smooth resemblance to the mating-Queen who it seems is in love with the horseman Tomorrow we enter the tomb of my birth I want to be ready.
With a little girl in a Hollywood bungalow Are you a lucky lady in the City of Light?
Hey -- am I late or is this the cool remnant of a dream?
Won't take long man, it's the best one since "Days".
I still think we got a couple of great blues albums in us man.
(turn away, repressing -- the emotions) (walking him to the garden) Well far as I'm concerned, Jim, I made music with Dionysus man.
Jim -- "do not go gently into that good night.
Pam kinda wiped me out with her dress store y'know... I'll make my own dresses and you'll see, I'll be the best wife.
We stood here on this beach on the edge of the Pacific that crazy summer day in '65 -- and we knew, you and I, we knew we were at the edge of the mind.
One planet, one globe, one mind.
Now? (smiles, lethally sweet) You've made me into Ishmael.
(loves it, laughs) It was white Ray.
(VOICE OVER, pulling out the car) In that year we had a great Visitation of energy Back in those days Everything was simpler and more confused One summer night, going to the pier I ran into two young girls The blonde was called Freedom The dark one Enterprise We talked And they told me this story.
...was it all right Jim, did you enjoy it when it came my baby?
No more money, no more fancy dress this other kingdom seems by far the best until its other jaw reveals incest and loose obedience to a vegetable law.
I will not go I prefer a feast of friends to the giant family... Ladies and Gentlemen, from Los Angeles California -- The Doors! (ghostly applause) (snatches) ...have you seen the warm progress under the stars?
Have you been born yet and are you alive?
Next day he made him First Bugler over me.
Thank you, sir.
Well, whatever it is, you fix it.
My job is to keep him happy.
The more he's happy the less he bothers me and the better I run his Compny.
That's G Compny barracks over there.
I'm coldern a Idaho winter tonight.
We'd of won last year if we had a good middleweight.
But out in field with us you sing different song.
Thanks.
They got the best Compny Commander I ever saw.
Everythin nice and comfy?
He's a wild man.
You better keep your mind off what you're thinkin.
Thursday's her day off.
Drawn to a fine edge.
I don't mind it, Top.
It's a great life, this.
Well, well, there's a man for you.
Thanks, Top, I've had it.
Guess the best thing to do is leave you right in the kitchen a while, huh?
(smile growing bigger) Don't let the stripes worry you, kid.
Angelo is one of my favorites.
Don't tell me the Princess is your style.
Meet Suzanne and Roxanne.
Come on, Angelo, come on --Ony my friends can call me Wop (has been watching) You know who that guy is, buddy?
Funny.
You're a funny one.
Yes, it's important.
I love the way you laugh.
He was from the richest family in town.
She's a fine girl.
I grant you that.
(snuggles to Prew) Well, it's so.
I love 'em tall.
Enjoy yourself, pizon.
The way you snuggled up.
And look a life, hurry it up.
Clean it up yourself!
(pleased but impassive) Yes, sir.
(smiles, moves faster) Okay, Okay.
Your money's worth ten, twelves times as much.
It was a great shock to her to learn about life.
I meant to bring a girl with me but -- You better get your tail back to the Post.
A beer.
That's where them movie stars stay.
Swimming It's a great night for swimmin.
(kicks off shoes) Goin swimmin with a movie star...
Boy, are you drunk! ... maybe a movie star comes outs the hotel right now and picks us up and takes us back to the States in her private plane... and installs us in her private swimming pool -- Take it easy, Prew.
That's a soldier's nature.
(bucking up courage; There is a way.
You were tough and solid as a rock -- and now you're a whining crybaby -- And so they were married and lived unhappily ever after.
I never caught on to dancing much.
I been wanting to tell you a long time now -- I love you.
I'm glad.
You're a funny one, little Prew boy.
Why's it funny if a guy wants to marry you?
Because I'm a girl you met at the New Congress Club!
Oh, Prew, Prew, I thought we were happy: Why do you want to spoil things?
They fightin on the green, sir! Galovitch and Prewitt.
You better put same iodine on them cuts.
An come over to Choy's tonight.
I was borned on Wednesday.
A friend.
(roaring, laughing) Quiet!
Right dress!
I hand it to you, kid.
But your life's ahead of you.
Amen.
Good night, gents.
They savin me for better things... ... just came up to borrow a good book.
What are you grinning at?
Compny G, First Sergeant Warden speaking.
I'll meet you in Kuhio Park.
I'm a First Sergeant.
An the keys in his pocket.
Well, he ain't got no business here.
Maybe if you stayed till morning you'd change your mind... Don't go, Prew! I'll do whatever you want... We'll figure out a way to get to the States together...
I'm the First Sergeant.
You're going to have a happy little girl.
(continuing) Gimme Donald Duck, too (does and laughs) A little early for Halloween?
Halloween's coming early this year.
We're going to see the new site and then shopping and lunch.
(starting out of bed) Want the coffee?
Brought to you this fine day, which is A-okay, by Twister.
He meet you tonight at... Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
Tonight's the best I can do for you.
Two men have the two keys to open the box.
(rising) Here's five grand earnest money.
You have your man call me to set the meet.
(kisses him) You okay?
Gonna do good.
There you go, honey.
I'm a good citizen.
He's in C-block two days, and in the shower some Muslim comes up into his face and he cuts the guy a new opening for a colostomy bag and goes back to shampooing his hair... (laughs) (leans in) What's his ... name.. (easy) Cerrito.
(rising; big smile) What can I do for you guys?
The G? What?
Night of the party?
He is a luxury.
For me, the bank's worth the stretch.
(he can't) ...you figure this the best thing to do? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
So for me, it's worth the stretch.
I take scores.
Relax and you'll get through this okay.
(smiles) The key.
(no response; shakes it) Come in... (nice) C'mere, honey.
(beat) You and I go way back, kiddo, I bought you the best.
I won't have details until tomorrow morning.
He gives me tips...! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
Hey, hey! Go easy on the lady!
(pause) Now Hugh Benny has reformed his wayward life and become a born- again good citizen.
(laughs) See you, cowboy.
Everything's smooth.
It's in the Delaware Trust.
(smiles) Take it easy, old man.
(beat) (into phone) Thanks, love.
Lt. Hanna.
You made these with a blender, right?
Old friend.
Thank you.
And Tom? (half-smile) It really is good to see you.
Gotta be honest, I love what you've Done with the place- You and the Colonel go back.
It was for suspicion of bribery, it's really all in the wording- Wording and your friendship with the Colonel aside, I'm not comfortable having you involved in this.
Christ... Remind me to thank Bill for mentioning that on the phone- Kendall Junior is still in surgery, so he won't be available to answer for his name or anything else for another hour - the cadet we're talking to first is Dunbar.
Is Dunbar cute?
(pissed) That is the most unprofessional- Is he handsome, self assured, carry himself well, does he look you in the eyes or down at the floor, does he have good bones, suggesting good breeding, does he slouch or sit up straight - these are important questions, as they reveal a great deal about this man's character so please get over yourself for two and a half seconds and tell me is he cute?
Thank you.
Cadet Dunbar, good morning!
So who do you like?
Well, it's a game of anticipation, that's the beauty.
What do you like then?
That first night with Pike.
Big fella from New Mexico.
But Childs did.
Finally Kendall and me.
Must be my lucky day.
The whole honor and duty thing.
I bet that's the second story you tell the girls to get them into bed, after you make them laugh with the first one.
American soldiers do not wait for good weather - they do not wait for a bright sunshiney day to do their duty!
They had been close.
(cheerfully) Hey, Ray! Just had a nice talk with your buddy.
Well, why didn't you say so?
Close.
You and me are friends, right?
Ray, this is my life here.
Untie me.
Thank God. . .
You saved Kendall's life- But not Pike's.
You only let them see what you want them to see, you make them believe, so when the time comes, they've totally bought into your version of events.
And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the, world.
A lot of Good guys shoot a lot of bad guys and whiz, bang, zoom, happy ending.
(smiling) As I told you, I wasn't in the room when everyone started shooting.
You're a good soldier, Bill.
For what? That's gonna stay my secret.
Funny.
Well, that ain't right.
(smiling) Sorry, detectives.
Beat me morning, noon, and night, ran me ragged.
Then he'd send Mueller or Kendall to them, waving around their magic needle promising to make it all go away.
He got Mueller first.
.. Congratulations, Cadet Pike.
You'd best get him out of here.
(smiling) You can tell a story, can't you?
He's too good.
You will stand there and you will listen!
You were the one who joined up to do good in the world.
He was your friend.
Thanks.
You saved my life tonight.
You're one of the good ones, Osborne.
Welcome, Cadets.
As Sun Tzu writes, the true warfare is deception.
You're gonna have to do a lot better than that, son.
You taught me well, Sarge.
And if they're asked, that's what they'll tell the world.
Your greatest weapon will by your allies . . .
Must be my lucky day. . . .
Which brings us to the simple goal.
Thank you.
Sweetie, will you get me a coffee, black, lots of sugar.
Thank you.
I got a great `on time' record.
102 souls on board.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're a life saver.
Hey, c'mon you wanna stay and shoot some stills for me, you're pics are awesome.
Tellem were good to go at the end.
EVANS keys the radio.
We follow TRINA whose ass looks as good in a tight navy skirt as it does split bare with orange fluorescence.
Whip inhales his coffee and readies himself for take-off.
That was incredible sir... Ken, turn us north and take us home.
(he smiles, preening) Back up a little...little more.
Good Morning.
Stretch out and relax.
Thank you.
How long has Sleeping Beauty been out?
I love you Trevor.
Be a good boy.
Mommy loves you.
Listen, protocol is the NTSB has to make the first contact with you and the agent is here.
I'm Doctor Kenan and the good news is that you are in good condition.
He's listed as critical, but we feel good about him.
I'm glad it's you.
It's good to see you too, Cowboy.
See, there's a smile.
Thank you.
Tobacco's but an Indian weed, Grows green in the morn, cut down at eve; It shows our decay, We are but clay;...I love the smell of Nicotina in the morning.
God chose you?
As soon as you realize that the random events in your life are God...you will live a much better life.
You're beautiful, do you know that?
I lived my life so indecisive, in a haze.
Survive a plane crash to meet a gorgeous girl in a stairwell.
Thank you.
Be good.
Whip, hey buddy.
Glad you got my message.
Nice to meet you Captain Whitaker.
The same way I believe that God should hit the buffet, the turkey sausage is excellent.
I'm good with coffee.
Great.
It's the first thing they do.
I had a beer the night before I flew.
I'd love a check.
WHIP is listening.
Trust me, trust him.
(Whip stares at Hugh) Don't worry Whip, you're gonna walk away the hero you deserve to be.
I promise you that.
Say "I love you Trevor."
I love you Trevor.
Be a good boy.
Mommy loves you.
Good boy.
On the small table next to him rests his beer and an unopened bottle of bourbon with a glass of ice.
NICOLE enters the living room, fresh from a shower.
WHIP studies her -- she's beautiful and innocent.
NICOLE stands and takes the drink out of WHIP's hand and sets it down.
She now bends down and kisses him softly.
So here's the deal.
Everyone in Georgia likes baseball.
Did you grow up here?
(she nods, listening) He traded the crop duster for a used Cessna.
Your dad still alive?
It was my mom that raised me.
She loved me.
She contorts her face into a sly smile.
The blue sky is the perfect backdrop as we reveal... WHIP in a dark suit walks amidst mourners who file out of the church.
You saved my mom.
MARGARET hugs him.
It's great to see you, Whip.
(she goes quiet) It was a nice service.
She looked beautiful in there.
Like she was gonna wake up and smile.
The union has great people for us to talk to.
I've known you 11 years and you're gonna stand here and tell me you and Trina went to dinner and you drank two glasses of wine?
Sounds like a nice restaurant Whip, which one was it?
Well, I got through my first day.
Jesus our Lord and savior we thank you for blessing Captain Whitaker with courage and wisdom.
For guiding his hand on that fateful morning.
reverence.
We hear music and laughter as NICOLE gets out.
Thanks for the ride guys.
She hears music and looks towards the barn to see bright light escaping through the sagging doors and split wood walls.
He's energized like an excited kid.
He runs up and kisses her.
Looks great right?
Most beautiful place I've ever been.
Was the water warm?
Yeah, really warm.
It's a beautiful beach, it's paradise.
(laughs a bit lit) I'm fine thanks.
I'm happy to.
I'd love for you to get help, Whip.
It's so beautiful there.
I'm a great pilot.
You'll get to see so much.
Thank you.
A NEW WORLD RECORD!
Nice of you to call me back.
Thank you.
I appreciate your interest in me but I ask that you leave my family in peace.
Thank you.
I appreciate your interest in me but I ask that you leave my family in peace.
Thank you.
Amanda was so nice to let me in.
Hugh checked every media outlet that covered it and it looks like we're good.
You come off fine.
Listen Charlie, here's the deal- No Whip.
You look great, Whip.
No, I'm good.
Thanks brother, I'm back.
I love you man.
I love you too.
Captain Whitaker, good morning.
And that's fair.
And that's fair.
But at least I'm sober, and I'm grateful for that.
This is a real surprise; a great surprise.
Great.
Listen Will, it means everything to me that you came here.
You are an amazing kid and you deserve great things...
Believe me I know what an incredible opportunity this is for you...
(a smile) Get the hell outta my sight.
You've been accepted to one of the best law schools in the country, I've got this internship at Barclay's Bank.
We have a great plan, honey...
The plan doesn't make us great, Jack.
What we have together, that's what makes us great.
I love you, Kate... (taking her face in his hands) ...and a year in London's not gonna change that.
Last night was great...
You are an amazing lover.
Thanks.
It's Christmas Eve, Jack.
And God love you for it.
That'll be a nice little holiday treat.
Nice night for it.
Merry Christmas to you, sir... Thanks.
She's a certified winner...paper- thin but good as gold... Egg nog? (pointing) Dairy case.
It must be great being you.
You too, Luce... Rise...and...shine...! (stirring) Youre jumping, sweetheart... Mom, dont you think we need to open the presents?
Get up! Jack...? (still groggy) Strong coffee, okay?
Merry Christmas to ya... Talk to him, Jack.
Please.
Tony, thank god... Sorry, pal.
A shelter?! Im the richest guy in the building...Ive got twice the square footage you have!
Jack Campbell, President... Hey! Watch where youre walking!
Now you did a good thing last night, intervening that way.
Cmon, I better walk ya home.
God, it feels so good to finally give something back to you... Im gonna hug you now... (into phone) Hold on a second...
The pancakes, the presents...you spent six hours putting that bike together and you didnt even get to see the look on Annies face when she opened it...
Look, we dont have time for this right now, well talk about it later.
I really dont think going to a party is the right move for me at the present time.
Funny, Jack.
Im laughing on the inside.
(suggestively) Like the dress...? (glancing at it) Its lovely... (a satisfied smile) I thought I saw you notice it at the kids recital.
Theyll melt in your mouth... Good? (forcing a smile) Theyre great!
Thank you!
Fine, shes the kids dog.
But its twenty degrees outside... (sympathetic) Youre having a bad day, Ill go with you...actually, theres no way in hell youre gettin me back out there... (heading up the stairs) Make sure you reward her verbally when she does a number two... Figure it out...Im s crewed...dont have to be a genius to figure that out... (to Lucy) Its as good a place as any... ...but obviously not up to your high standards... (to himself) Okay...he said youre working on a new deal now...fine, youve done a thousand deals, whats the first thing you do?
(louder, over music) Hello!
Welcome to earth.
Good tip.
At least you splurged on some decent scotch... (to Jack in the photo) What are you smiling about...? Number one...not bad.
Everything I taught you.
These are great.
Ive got all the time in the world... Jack, meet Sydney Potter, BuyRite Transport, one of Jerseys top businessmen... ...and a helluva bridge player.
My cup runneth over... (to Big Ed) Hes a nice looking boy... My daughters no slouch either... Lets cut to the chase, Jack.
You want to bid hearts, were right there with you.
I said the kids are asleep... (distracted) Well thats just great...those little monkeys can be a real handful... Hey!
Im working on a new deal now... Fine, but not tonight... Wait a second.
Whatever you say...honey.
God...youre beautiful... Thanks, Jack... No, Im serious...youre really stunning...
This is good stuff, Jack, keep it coming...
You promised.
Thats right.
You look amazing in that suit...
I mean...wow...off the charts great.
(pointing to Annies new Mary Janes) She got those shoes...
The Jack Campbell I married wouldnt need a $2400 suit to make himself feel better about his life, but if thats what its gonna take, then buy it.
Good, Jack.
We had a lot of good times, didnt we?
We were young... (a nostalgic smile) Remember that little place on Charles Street we used to go to?
When we were living in Greenwich Village...? (off her nod) Great times.
The trek out to the hospital every day didnt help either... (looking at him) You were great.
(a laugh) Jack, stop that.
A great success story... Damn... (O.S., from behind) Jesus, Jack, this is a league match, for gods sake!
Youre better than this sport.
Are we finally being honest?
Okay, youre right, weve been dancing around this for years... God, my heart is racing.
Arnie seemed to enjoy it... (peering inside) Hey, wheres that chocolate cake...? (with a smile) You mean this chocolate cake?
Its good... Gimme that cake.
I want that cake! (laughing) You want the cake!? (out of breath) I want it... Thank you... Its good, right?
(caught up in the moment) Say it, Jack... What...? Cmon, you know what I like to hear... (in the throes of passion) Yeah, baby, I know what you like to hear... (kissing him) Then say it...just say it to me...! (swept up in the moment) Oh yeah, youre a bad girl, baby...
You make me so hot...Im gonna take you to that special place... What...?
Four hundred bucks at Best Buy, Arn.
I do have one thing I wanna say... (singing to her) Oh those fingers in my hair, that sly come hither stare, strips my conscience bare, its witchcraft... ...and Ive got no defense for it, that heat is too intense for it, what good would common sense for it do... ...Cause its witchcraft, wicked witchcraft...and although I know its strictly taboo...when you rouse the need in me, my heart says yes indeed in me, proceed with what youre leadin me to... Its such an ancient pitch, but one that Id never switch, there aint no nicer witch than you... Cause its witchcraft, that koo koo witchcraft...and although I know its strictly taboo... ...when you rouse the need in me, my heart says yes indeed to me, proceed with what youre leadin me to... Its such an ancient pitch, but one that Id never switch... Cause theres no nicer witch than you... ...than you... ...than you... (speaking quietly to Kate) Happy Birthday sweetheart...I love you.
(groggy) Time to get up, honey... Happy Anniversary, honey... (pushing the gift forward) Before you do whatever crazy stunt youve got planned I want you to open mine... Maybe I should wait... No, open it...
I really hadnt planned on giving you your...uh... anniversary gift until tonight.
(an uncomfortable smile) You know, anniversarys good all day... What are you talking about?
Is this our marriage?
Dad always does something really special for their anniversary.
Mom liked it.
You look beautiful... (instinctively) Thanks, Catherine...
And may I say those are all excellent selections.
You may... (perusing the wine list) Also, well have a bottle of Lafite, 1982.
You want to dance?
I dont think theres dancing here, Jack.
Sure there is... (whispering to Jack) Pretty good for a tire salesman from Jersey...
Whatever it is well deal with it.
(a laugh, then...) God, sometimes I think it would be so nice not to have to stretch ground beef or maybe drive a car with a CD player... Imagine having a life where everything was easy...where you asked for things and people just brought them to you... Its wonderful...
You, the kids... Good things... What are you sure about?
This is so beautiful...
(handing her a glass) Happy anniversary, sweetheart.
I already told you you were gonna get lucky, Jack... My god, all this time...I never stopped loving you... (a wide smile) Thats all I wanted to hear... Mmmm...Jack...
I mean, my god, Jack you were always good but this...this was... like a porno movie.
I dont think Id fight you on that one... Have a good day...
Set Mr. Conlin up with four B.F. Goodrich G-Force T/As... (looking the man over) ...and give him ten percent off for having the best costume... (over P.A. system) Jack, Kate on line two!
(on seeing the Rolls) Nice ride... (staring at Lassiter) If youre into that kind of conspicuous consumption...
I think Im ready... (over P.A. system) Jack! Kate still holding on line two... Sure...be careful, he looks like a tough negotiator... (to Estelle, into intercom) Tell Kate Ill call her back... (into intercom) It sounded pretty important.
(with a smile) You look taller in real life... ...truth is, Mintz was so busy timing his wifes breathing he didnt see that MedTech needed Global more than the other way around.
But youre not interested in boutique dollars... (a smile) I get it... (seeing Lassiter) Hes expecting you, Mr. Lassiter... (to Mintz) Alan, this is Jack Campbell...the one I was telling you about... Jack, of course.
Two... good ones.
Thats great... (gesturing to the sofa) Why dont you have a seat?
Thats right.
And what do you project for this year?
Thats right.
And your wife decorated this office...
(smiling proudly) Thats easy.
You have two great loves in your life, your horses and this company.
Good for you.
And then you showed up the very next day... (a wistful smile) That was a good surprise...
That wed spend holidays here, have g randchildren visit us here.
Ill do that because I love you...
I love you, Jack.
(a curious look) Ringing my bell... Four ninety nine?! Its just salt for gods sake... Thatll be sixty five cents, little angel... You...! What are you doing here... Youre not sending me back... Jack, its good to see you... (to the girl) Thank you darlin... (back to Jack, seeing the rock salt) What do you got there, rock salt?
I promise.
Come to bed, honey.
Paula... (momentarily distracted) Thats totally see through... (smiling) Merry Christmas... (confused) Christmas?
Can I help you?
Is that good enough for you?
We bowl together.
Were bowlers ...we won a championship...were winners.
But I think I like you better this way... Is this another one of those Sun Tzu Art of War tricks?
On Christmas day.
Make a right here...
Im Jack Campbell...Im an old... friend of Kates.
You look great.
Its good to see you... (yelling inside) Lori! Wheres that box?! (bending down) I'm sorry... Dont worry about it, Jack... Whats going on?
You didnt seem to mind offering to help me on Christmas day when you were unwrapping that Prada bag I gave you.
Paris, France.
Congratulations.
Please.
And when she smiles...
And were in love.
After thirteen years of marriage were still unbelievably in love... (with a chuckle) You wont even let me touch you until Ive said it... ...I sing to you...not all the time but definitely on special occasions... (off hand, to passenger) Excuse me... (to Kate) We made a lot of sacrifices, dealt with our share of surprises, but we stayed together...
You see, youre a better person than I am... ...and it made me a better person to be around you... Maybe it was all a dream.
And wed both be fine.
But Ive seen what we can be like together...And I choose us... Please, Kate, one cup of coffee.
Word is the felony D.A.'s lookin' for a bright boy to fill the spot.
And for aesthetic reasons I hope you both look good with your shirts off.
No more than ten days.
I promise.
Thank you.
It made what came next easier.
So...I'm surprised but I'm not so surprised.
I hear you been lookin' good.
(a beat) Oh. (another beat) Then as a friend I feel it's my duty to tell you this: you better make it look good.
Best you're gonna get.
Short of winning?
I was a good fit in the snitch's jacket and with a little alteration I slipped easily into the whole suit.
At least he looks good with his shirt off.
VOICE OVER (cont'd) They both got a few weeks in the gossip pages before Kay dove into her college education and Lee down the hero's road ending in Warrants and a shack job with a woman he loved but wouldn't touch... VOICE OVER (cont'd) You come off a winning fight.
The handbooks who made money on you bring you a girl.
Give us a quote.
Give us the good news.
It was the best time of my life.
Got a tip.
Thank you for your time, Officer.
Oh baby.
Oh babe.
BUCKY (cont'd) Tomorrow's off-duty so treat him nice-- Bobby DeWitt gets out in a week, Dwight.
Rise and shine partner!
Keep going.
She's a smart woman.
KAY (cont'd) Good night.
Thank our friend Bevo Means at the Herald.
Great.
You're a bright penny and I want you here.
Congratulations.
Red Manley, a Huntington Park hardware salesman and one of the last men to be seen with the Dahlia, was captured early this morning.
Finally got a cross-check that matched on Red here.
Thanks.
But keep going.
Bright penny.
You're a brighter penny than I thought.
I told him we met at that art exhibit at Stanley Rose's Bookshop, so if you have to pump everybody for my alibi, be subtle.
Balto was bringing in the paper when Daddy's accountant told him he'd made his first million.
A pleasure, Mr. Sprague.
Thanks.
Mondo gave a good show.
(beat) Speaking of families-- (trace of a slur) Madeleine says nice things about you.
A great people, the Germans.
An old friend stuffed him.
Even gave me as assistant director credit a couple times, so grateful he was for the way I squeezed his slaves-- EMMETT SPRAGUE (cont'd) Mother?
My God, Emmett.
Until we announce the wedding?
Your mother would love that.
You've been skating around all morning, Bleichert.
The Red Arrow.
Smile at me.
Look soft and sweet.
(beat) Babe, I'm withholding evidence for you.
Sugar, Betty and I made love once, that one time we met last summer.
Whoever said winning isn't everything got that part right.
Short of winning?
Never thought I'l be glad to see you guys.
Why? Man o Manieschewitz, what a laugh.
I'm meeting a guy, Felix Casco, at the Gardena Motel.
Please.
Please.
Finish up with you and Blanchard.
I'm the nice guy, Cecil.
I always confess to the pretty ones.
Bright penny-- Hello, Charlie.
Easy, penny.
Betty writes to one of her phantom servicemen boyfriends: (reading aloud) "...had drinks with a great girl, Sally Stinson, who thinks she way be able to help me get a job cocktailing..." Cocktailing.
Kept talkin' about givin' me "The Big Schnitzel"...more like a cocktail frank once we got down to it...Well, we screw the whole afternoon...Go down to the lobby for some dinner and there's Liz, sittin' by herself.
First thing.
How can I help you?
Please.
Thank you.
You wan' the bar, handsome?
Breakfast of champions, one dollar.
Round the world, two dollars.I need to see Vamanos!
You his friend?
He's my best friend.
Your friend drink fourteen shots of my best Mescal, a house record.
Are you finished in the study?
Tell whoever cleans it up to use pure ammonia... (looking at the two girls) Mrs. Chambers-- Jane.
Thank you for being so nice, Mr.-- Bucky.
The hero and the snitch.
Bank robber and his best friend the bumfuck detective.
Thank you for your time, Mr. Short.
God help her.
We finally have it, Russ.
A war hero, a heavyweight champion.
It's about time I showed the three of you good ol' Scotland.
I put Daddy on, and he offered Betty money to date a nice man he knew.
Ever the consummate actor, Madeleine Sprague confessed to killing Lee by concocting a love triangle from the three of us...The Bleichert/Blanchard rematch fought over her hand, with Lee beating Emmett and demanding he "hand over" his daughter when she preferred me.
IAD cleared me on the motel shooting--a cop's code make-good for Blanchard's snuff.
Beautiful weather.
I like what I do.
Yuletide cheer, fellas.
Happy New Year, greaseball.
(grinds closer) These 'Badge of Honor' guys like to pretend, but being the real thing must be a thrill.
A simpler time.
That was his favorite toast.
(over phone, like silk) Whatever you desire.
(over phone) Whatever you desire.
You've had your fun.
The press love to label.
This is the new L.A.P.D., White.
Say goodnight to your friend and join me by those back tables.
Does it say Exley's a hero for squealing me and Stensland off?
He helped me out once.
(excited) Homicide?
To help people.
Come, Wendell, you can do better than that.
Looking for business opportunities in our fair city.
Not my little girl!
My baby.
We do have one hot lead, so listen well.
How'd she meet Patchett?
Do you enjoy it?
You look better than Veronica Lake.
It was nice meeting you, Officer.
Badge of Honor, here I come.
Lives on Bunker Hill.
Your father would've been proud.
He's good.
I'll give him that.
Lives on Bunker Hill.
It may surprise some, but a mature man, enlightened by the facts, can change him mind... Edmund J. Exley has amassed a brilliant record in his seven years with the L.A.P.D.
It is my honor to present him with our highest honor, the Medal of Valor.
Your father would've been proud.
Shvartze jazz musicians and movie stars.
Big V! Let me get my camera!
So you saved her.
Clean?
Okay, college boy, I'll help you.
And he don't smell too good.
Whatever you desire... It's Fleur-fr-Lis again.
Because Bud hates you more than he loves me.
God bless dental records.
It's just, in my business, it's the wild cars you have to watch out for.
I came out here with a dream.
(smiles) You're the first person to ever call me tough.
Lucky for you that my wife and four fair daughters are at the beach in Santa Barbara.
(smiles, then...) Don't start trying to do the right thing, John.
Rollo Tomasi... Sergeant Vincennes' body was found in Echo Park at ten o'clock this morning.
In the morning we'll have both our stories for breakfast.
Meeks was with Sue Lefferts on Christmas Eve.
The night I met Lynn.
Stay smart, Bud.
Lieutenant Exley wants you to meet him at the Victory Motel.
And now you'll provide them.
You were pretty good in there for a while, all right.
The Automobile Club is fine.
Here, park these for me, sweetheart.
That would make it easier for you, too.
Funny, isn't it?
I've got good eyesight.
I want you to be nice to me.
That perfume on your hair.
It's nice here, Walter.
You get your own breakfast?
It sounds wonderful.
You don't have to sit across the table and smile at him and that daughter of his every morning of your life.
What daughter?
Good night, Father.
Good night, Phyllis.
Good night, Mr. -- Neff.
Good night, Mr. Neff.
A great little fighter for her weight.
Great football school, Stanford.
Good night, Mr. Neff.
Good night, Mr. Dietrichson.
Good night, Mrs. Dietrichson.
(Looking up) Watch it, will you.
Look, baby.
Good-bye baby.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
How would I -- Do I laugh now, or wait until it gets funny?
He lived in Westwood.
There was that smell of honeysuckle again, only stronger, now that it was evening.
Take it easy, honey.
Don't forget we're having the Hobeys for dinner on Monday.
Thank you.
The last guy that saw Dietrichson alive.
I couldn't sell him at first.
He's got the best sales record in the office.
One of those interesting little hunches of yours?
I'm surprised, Mr. Keyes.
Please.
Thank you.
Good night, Walter.
Good night, Keyes.
See you at the office in the morning.
And you were so nice to me that evening in your car.
There's a family of Neffs in Corvallis.
Tomorrow morning would suit me better.
A pleasure.
Will you be coming by this morning?... Thank you, Mrs. Dietrichson.
He's got the goods.
It's you that's going, baby.
Let's have it, whatever it is.
I have a friend who's got a funny theory.
And what's good enough for Keyes is good enough for me.
And that'd make everything lovely for you, wouldn't it?
Listen, Walter.
It's too close.
Why didn't you shoot, baby?
Don't tell me it's because you've been in love with me all this time.
He is proud.
Animals!
Thank you, God.
Good day.
Good day now.
All right, fine, wish you Luck.
My God! Morgan!
Hey, Boy!
You look great!
Wyatt, you remember Allie Good God, well he better.
(hugs her, laughing) Allie-girl...And Louisa!
Land O' love, it finally happened!
Mattie it's a Pleasure!
Don't you love their hair?
And let's don't bother About the luggage, darling.
I been having the boy at the Hotel pack us up every night Since your streak started My sweet clever Magyar, so that's Why you're not wearing a bustle.
Well I'm the man to see.
Got a couple of Lovely cottages coming up for Rent.
Wyatt, meet Fred White, he's town marshal.
Well I'm no Wild Bill.
Have a Man for breakfast in there most Days.
This is so much fun!
(shouting from below) Lady, they better be good.
Nice meetin' you.
Wild one.
Best Gun alive they say.
Only thing we can do, dear-be Good.
Exciting, isn't it?
Oh, he wonderful!
"We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;/ For he today that sheds his blood with me/ Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile./
And hold their manhood Cheap whiles any speaks/ That Fought with us upon Saint Crispin's day!" That's great!
(kisses Mattie) Better go with 'em, honey.
(grabs his hand) No, stay.
Honey, I gotta start makin' money.
I'm your man... (deals card) You win again.
Well played, sir.
I'm red hot, I'm Blazin'!
(Cheshire cat smile) In pace requiescat.
Made quite a Name for himself as a peace Officer in Kansas.
Come here a minute... That's my lovin' man.
Little tin Swain walkin' off with that black Beauty.
Boy, I feel great!
It's not County business, it's a Town matter.
Come on now, boy... Well, howdy, Fred!
I'm only in fun.
Beauty, ain't he?
Cowhands ride for the brand.
We're finally Becoming a civilized town.
Kiss my ass, Messican.
Easy now...
Oh... (calms her horse) Now she's starting.
We Better split 'em up.
Oh, yes I am!
Fun though, wasn't it?
You're laughing!
Better go easy on that stuff.
Doc's my lovin' Man.
Have another one, lovin' man.
Nice voice.
Come on, boys, take it easy.
Come, Darling, let's seek our Entertainment elsewhere.
Virgil, give me a hand.
Well, that sounds inviting.
How you feeling, Doc? Better.
That's good.
Not exactly... I'm a good woman to you, Doc.
I'm A good woman.
You are a good woman.
Better.
They won their Places at the big table with Davy Crockett and Wild Bill and Old Man Clanton.
And I say God bless 'em.
But there's no Light in your smile for me, Wyatt, nothing to keep me warm.
Listen to Me! You're mine!
Getting warmer.
You were right, Wyatt.
They got Me good.
Way ahead of you, Wyatt.
Wyatt the widow-maker, Avenging and bright, purple Poison on horseback with Lightning in his eye and thunder In his heart!
Which is Next, Iron Springs?
How do you like that?
He's clean!
We come through this Alive, can we keep the badges?
It's Getting out of hand, Ringo.
So I guess the law's finally Arrived in southeast Arizona.
Well hello, Sherm.
You're Gonna stay with your new friends?
Ride out With your escort, we'll meet you.
I made a promise.
Wyatt, listen, you can't beat Him.
You're good and God knows You got the courage, but you Ain't in Ringo's class.
He's right, Wyatt.
That's great coming from you.
Live, Wyatt... (pauses, takes his hand) Live for me.
Please.
Better start that ball rolling.
I'll be damned... (looks at Feeney) This is funny.
My God... Did you ever see the sun come up Over the Rockies?
My family's rich.
Get ready, here it comes!
How happy you have made me.
Calm yourself, Father.
Norland in its entirety is therefore yours by law and I am happy for you and Fanny.
Help them.
There is but one consolation if Edward is anything like Fanny, we shall be only too happy to leave.
She is a little shy of strangers at present.
I hear you have great plans for the walnut grove.
Oh yes!
How picturesque.
Excellent.
Where the coffee beans come from.
Good heavens.
(apologetic) That was my father's favourite.
Thank you so much for your help with Margaret, Mr Ferrars.
I enjoy her company.
Has she shown you her tree-house?
With pleasure.
I always preferred the church, but that is not smart enough for my mother she prefers the army, but that is a great deal too smart for me.
A country living is my ideal a small parish where I might do some good, keep chickens and give very short sermons.
Marianne, there is no question of that is, there is no under standing between... Do you love him?
We are all so happy that you chose to invite Edward to Norland.
And in marriage.
Love is all very well, but unfortunately we cannot always rely on the heart to lead us in the most suitable directions.
How charming.
But you will not leave before the summer?
Oh, my dear Edward, we can no longer trespass upon your sister's good will.
Sir John! Dear ladies, dear ladies, upon my word, here you are, here you are, here you are! Sir John, your extraordinary kindness-- Oh, none of that, hush, please, none of that, but here is my dear mamma- in-law Mrs Jennings.
Why did you not come up to the Park first and take your ease?
Delightful!
I declare you are the loveliest girl I ever set eyes on!
But, alas, there are no smart young men hereabouts to woo them-- --not a beau for miles!
Come, Mother, let us leave them in peace.
Excellent fellow!
We served in the East India Regiment together.
You must get your maidservant to make you up some camphor--it is the best tonic for the staggers!
Come, come and meet our beautiful new neighbours!
Oh no, Sir John, I do not-- --and I think we can all guess what key you will sing in!
You do not speak of such things before strangers-- But everyone else was-- Mrs Jennings is not everyone.
Excellent match, for he is rich and she is handsome.
Oh, Lord bless you, as long as ever I have been here, and I came fifteen years back.
He loved a girl once--twenty years ago now--a ward to his family, but they were not permitted to marry... On what grounds?
Once I thought my daughter Charlotte might have cheered him up, but she is much better off where she is.
Perhaps you did not know, Miss Marianne, that our dear Brandon shares your passion for music and plays the piano forte very well.
Oh! Are we never to have a moment's peace?
Mrs Jennings is a wealthy woman with a married daughter--she has nothing to do but marry off everyone else's.
For the present my memories of your kindness must be enough to sustain me, and I remain your devoted servant always.
We shall look forward to it!
He lifted me as if I weighed no more than a dried leaf!
Is he human?
With great decorum and honour.
But what is he like?
His passions?
Nice little estate three miles east.
Thank you so much, Colonel.
Thank you for the flowers.
How do you do, more like.
What a pleasure to see you again!
How beautiful.
Good morning, Colonel!
A picnic on my estate at Delaford--if you would care to join us on Thursday next.
Thank you, Colonel, we shall be delighted.
Good morning, Miss Dashwood; good morning, Colonel.
The Colonel has invited us to Delaford, Willoughby! Excellent.
A Broadwood Grand.
A Broadwood Grand!
We shall look forward to it!
Your sister seems very happy.
Rather too unspoilt, in my view.
The sooner she becomes acquainted with the ways of the world, the better.
Imagine my surprise, Mrs Dashwood, when Charlotte and her lord and master appeared with our cousin Lucy!
(laughing gaily) Why, Mr Palmer!
Mamma says Colonel Brandon is in love with her as well, which is a very great compliment for he hardly ever falls in love with anyone.
I have so longed to make your better acquaintance!
There are some people who cannot bear a party of pleasure.
When he is the kind of man that everyone speaks well of and no one wants to talk to.
Let's have no secrets between friends!
If it will be of any satisfaction to you, however, to be told I believe his character to be in all other respects irreproachable, I am ready to confess it.
How like a winter hath my absence been from thee, the pleasure of the fleeting year!
'Twas you took her off my hands, Mr Palmer, and a very good bargain you made of it too, but now I have the whip hand over you for you cannot give her back!
Thank you.
No, I never saw him in my life.
I should never have mentioned it, had I not known I could entirely trust you to keep our secret.
I was very unwilling to enter into it without his mother's approval but we loved each other with too great a passion for prudence.
Promise me!
It is the best plan in the world.
To your sister I wish all imaginable happiness.
I am told that this good weather is keeping many sportsmen in the country at present, but the frost will drive them back to town very soon, depend upon it.
There you are! Goodness, how hot it is, Mrs Dashwood.
Your brother!
Come, Mr Robert, in the absence of your brother, you must dance with our lovely Miss Dashwood!
I am well, thank you, Mr Willoughby.
Good God, Willoughby!
Yes, I had the pleasure of receiving the information which you were so good as to send me.
Dearest, do not betray what you feel to everyone present!
How very kind!
I promise.
Thank you for coming, Colonel.
She was with child... and the blackguard who had-- Good God.
Lady Allen had annulled his legacy.
Whatever his past actions, whatever his present course, at least you may be certain that he loved you.
I am well, thank you, Mr Ferrars.
Oh, don't think of me--Elinor is well, you see, that must be enough for both of us!
But what was that when there were such friends to be met?
Since the gentleman is so close a friend to your family, perhaps you will be good enough to mention it to him?
His behaviour has proved him proud--in the best sense.
I was most grateful to receive it.
Colonel Brandon desires me to say that, understanding you wish to join the clergy, he has great pleasure in offering you the parish on his estate at Delaford, now just vacant, in the hope that it may enable you--and Miss Steele--to marry.
The unkindness of your family has made you astonished to find friendship elsewhere.
Colonel Brandon must be a man of great worth and respect ability.
He is the kindest and best of men.
Your friendship has been the most important of my life.
I wish you--both--very happy.
I shall ask Jackson to plant some very tall trees.
I am resolved never to mention Mr Willoughby's name again, and furthermore I shall tell everyone I meet what a good-for nothing he is.
I will keep to the garden, near the house.
We are very proud of our little Thomas, Colonel--and his papa has such a way with him...
She is taking a little air in the garden.
That is the great advantage of the countryside--all the fresh air and... and all the fresh air... (yelling) He is the best child in the world-- he never cries unless he wants to and then, Lord, there is no stopping him.
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds Or bends with the remover to remove: 0, no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken... Marianne!
Thank you for pointing that out, my dear.
He would have had a wife he loved but no money--and might soon have learned to rank the demands of his pocket-book far above the demands of his heart.
Yes, ma'am--he brung back two lovely fillets for you.
Thank you, Thomas.
Yes, my darling?
Come and see what is coming!
You must play him the new song, Marianne.
What a pleasure to see you.
I am glad of it.
(giving him her hand) May I wish you great joy, Edward.
Tolerably, thank you.
Is Mrs Ferrars at the new parish?
And I kissed him.
He's still in love with you.
Well, he has a true friend in you.
When we're both 28, if we've never been married... we marry each other!"
You've been enrolled in the Obscene Call Of The Month Club, and th... Hey! God, it's so good to hear your voice.
Something so incredibly important, that if you turn me down, I don't know what I'll d... JULIANNE (bright) I just have to tell you this one thing first, okay?
I mean this will hand you the biggest laugh of your adult life...
Well, that's great.
Well, somet...
But they're so down to earth, such wonderful people... You've met her parents.
MICHAEL (V.O., quiet) Well.
Be my maid of honor.
With amazing bodies!
This means I have four days to make you my new best friend...
JULIANNE (smiles) Sounds like a plan.
Right from the start.
And proud to be.
Funny world, huh?
MICHAEL (softly) Well.
I can't expect the NBA to hold up the playoffs... I'm excited Sports Illustrated gave him this kind of shot, he's only there a ye...
Little swing of maybe fifty degrees Fahrenheit, represents a packing challenge, but there's fine food and cocktails at a choice of Embassy Suit... It's his career, I'm supportive.
Look, I've been everywhere, I've seen the world, I've laid on a beach.
I want to be with the man I love.
That's what makes it a honeymoon.
But the bathroom's a swamp, he wears Reeboks to dinner, tells the same, admittedly funny, jokes three hundred times... ... loves action movies, subscribes to Playboy for godsake, reads over my shoulder, can't keep track of the checks he writes...
He's not a balance sheet, so many wonderful qualities, so many faults.
And loving him means loving all of this.
So it's sweet of you to be protective... Let me rephrase that...
The perfect creature he loved for all those y... Well, perfection can get wearing after whi... I'm not joking.
You're enshrined in his heart and memory.
JULIANNE (lovely smile) It's Miss.
And thanks.
Nice meeting you, too, Walt.
You gonna be my boy's best man?
Best everything, Joe.
But I'm going to dance with you.
Dance?
What have you done with my best friend?
How can you like someone that perfect?
Each imperfection its own adorable slice of vulnerability.
She makes the bed.
Is there a coup de grace in here, somewh...
She admires.
She has a few good traits.
Gimme like, eight and nine off the top ten list... First girl I ever knew.
Nice kid, don't you think?
Until our first date.
The best dim sum, the best camping stuff... Stop, we're embarrassing h... ... best valley in New Zealand, best... women's shoes...
I love Florence.
Well, the school will be here.
KIMMY (to both) Enjoy each other.
So you don't think Michael's as happy with his job as... Gold dog collars?
By any yardstick that involves sanity, it would be the greatest thing that ever happened to him.
Oh, darling, my pitiful desires and ambitions are dirt beneath the manly boots of your priorities!
This stuff makes me hot!!
In six months, he'll be happy, settled, successful...
In a fabulous selection of Red Roof Inns.
But, traditionally, the humidor is for gentlemen, only... Great.
My wife and I love this marriage, and deplore its circumstances.
Mike has a world of ability.
He's marrying a rich man's daughter, and he's about to become destitute.
He's too proud to beg for help.
Well, he's still with the wedding party.
Help me!
What's good of having a big sister, if she... (softly) Wow and wow.
What a sweet little picture.
Mommy and Daddy aren't losing a daughter, they're gaining a eunuch!
What I mean, when I say annoyingly perfect, is that there is nothing annoying about her perfection.
Sentimental moments are everywhere, when you're in the right frame of mind.
This is my whole life's happiness.
I can make him happier than she can.
The man you love.
Someday she'll thank you.
I give.
The first word is "Preparation."
You guys are heartless, my bride picked this out.
Part of being a New Yorker.
Bye, handsome.
Tell him you love him.
So Kim gave me the key.
That was a... reflex to see if it would... (helpful) ... look good on Kimberly.
I'm getting married tomorrow.
Easy come, easy go.
Man, it's my wedding, and my boss can't leave me alone... (entering her room) ... maybe it's congratulations.
What ha... (reading) Mike.
My daughter's every happiness... " Isabelle?
Thanks.
Please?
There's this big brunch tomorrow morning?
Three words: Happily.
The idea is bride and groom shouldn't see each other on the magic day...
So Michael stays put in the garden.
Whatever delusions I drove him to, there is truth at the heart of it.
I want a life of my own!
Yeah, well, lots of couples are imcompat...
I love him.
Tell him it's my fault and that I love him.
It just has to be love.
(singing) Sail on silver girl Sail on by... She's a saint!
(singing) Your time has come to shine, All your dreams are on their way... Tell her.
(never looks up) Thank God you were here.
Why is the dance floor by the gazebo?
For our wedding dance.
To win you back.
And I was blinded by love.
For loving me that much, that way.
I'm so glad you didn't jump on that train, before...
And blew me a kiss.
That is so romantic.
(sighs) Woulda been a nice wedding.
You go to every romantic place you guys have, I'll go... someplace brilliant, and the first one who...
The kiss.
I said, what would a bride be doin', on her wedding...
I promise to love.
And respect and comfort you.
To hear your voice and your heart.
I promise to love and respect and comfort you.
To hear your voice and your heart.
For the record, you each agree to marry the other?
(quickly) I do! (smiling) I do.
And He is happy.
To bless His wonderful children.
Those whom God has joined together, let no one put asunder.
Kiss the bride.
This is to my best friend.
On the occasion of his wedding.
"I'll pursue solitary pathways through the pale twilit meadows, with only this one dream: You come too."
I don't have a wedding gift.
Until you two find your song... (singing) Someday, when I'm awfully low, And the world is cold, I will feel a glow just thinking of you, And the way you look tonight.
(singing) You're lovely.
With your smile so warm, And your cheeks so soft, There is nothing for me but to love you, Just the way you look tonight.
And the laugh that wrinkles your nose, Touches my foolish heart.
(singing) You're lovely, please don't ever change, Keep that breathless charm, Darling, please arrange it, cos I love you... Just the way you look tonight.
God help me.
Say forgive me, Master Reed.
Who gave you permission to read my book?
She shall be watched, Mrs Reed.
We shall root out the wickedness in this small, ungrateful plant.
Well I am not.
If I was, I should say that I loved you and I don't.
But you are passionate.
Perhaps if you tried smiling from time to time, people would find you more pleasant - Don't scold me Bessie.
Mr Rivers, you and you sisters have done me a great service, the greatest man can do - you have rescued me from death.
(with great interest) Do you?
I was happy.
Amen.
Amen.
It's wonderful to see you on your feet, Miss Jane.
God sees your beauty.
Angels?
Come here, Girls.
I'm very happy.
My father has a new wife.
But God is my friend.
He loves me.
He is saving me.
You're so warm and alive.
Jane, you have a passion for living.
She was my teacher; a great influence on me.
She is better than any drawing master we have ever had.
Mr Rivers, I thank you heartily and I accept with all my heart.
A laugh.
Rather an eccentric soul.
I'm not in need of tea, thank you.
What is it, child?
I'm so thankful to be at Thornfield.
But it's a quiet life, isn't it?
Thank you.
Thank you.
I was brought up by my Aunt, Mrs Reed of Gateshead, in a house far finer than this.
She began by felling my horse.
Nor do I particularly enjoy simple-minded old ladies.
Nature meant me to be a good man, one of the better kind and as you see, I am not so.
And since happiness is denied me, I've a right to get pleasure in its stead.
I'm reminding you of your own words; remorse is the poison of life.
But, Miss Eyre, if the pleasure I was seeking was sweet and fresh; if it was an inspiration; if it wore the robes of an angel of light... what then?
My heart has long been a charnel house.
(She takes off his coat) Good-night.
You have saved my life.
I have a pleasure in owing you my life.
Good night then, sir.
Only master reading in his bed last night.
I heard a strange laugh.
He left after breakfast.
She's a great favourite of his.
Oh, she was a beauty; I daresay the most elegant girl I've ever seen.
She sang a duet with Mr Rochester.
They made a lovely harmony.
Thank you, girls.
Thank you.
I regarded this love as a fever of the flesh; not a thing that would ever touch my soul.
I could have listened to temptation, sunk down in the silken snare and known a feverish and delusive bliss.
Nothing in the world.
Good night.
She's a good hand, I daresay.
Help! Rochester, for God's sake come!
Thank you, Mrs Poole.
Bring the candle.
I'll ride over tomorrow to see how you do.
Fairfax - Let her treated as tenderly as may be - I do my best and have done it and will do it!
Will Grace Poole stay here now?
But sir - Grace Poole is not the danger.
Keep vigil with me again, the night before I marry.
For now you've met my lovely one and you know her.
What good can you do her?
Sent for the baby.
But Reed loved it.
Kept it by his bed.
I desire her to come to me at Madeira.
Fortune has blessed my endeavours and as I am childless I wish to adopt her and bequeath her at my death whatever I may have to leave.
I would have loved you if you'd let me.
He'll soon bring home his bride.
Thornfield is a pleasant place in summer, isn't it?
We've been good friends, Jane haven't we?
I love Thornfield - I've lived a full life here.
I've talked face to face with what I reverence, with what I delight in.
Well for cool native impudence and pure innate pride, you haven't your equal.
I'm naturally proud.
When we've been married a year and a day, I promise I'll tell you.
Are you satisfied Jane?
I require and charge you both, as ye will answer at the dreadful day of judgement when the secrets of all hearts shall be revealed, that if either of you know any impediment why ye may not be lawfully joined together in matrimony, ye do now confess it.
An insuperable impediment to this marriage exists.
The record of the marriage will be found in the register of that church - a copy of it is now in my possession.
Good God - Sir, you are in a sacred place - What have you to say?
I saw her there in April.
I'm her brother.
Come and meet my wife.
Thank you.
Much better, sir.
Jane, it would not be wicked to love me...
Why don't you come of your own free will here, to my heart?
Oh come, Jane, come - God help me!
Please... Twenty years ago, a poor curate fell in love with a rich man's daughter and married her.
Charity carried the friendless thing to the house of its rich maternal relations.
How much am I worth?
Oh, I am glad! - I am glad!
You were utterly downhearted when I told you that you were rich and now, for a matter of no moment, you are deliriously happy.
Oh, I am glad.
And undoubtedly enough of love would follow to make the union right, even in your eyes.
Enough of love?
St John, I scorn your idea of love.
Forgive me but the very name of love is an apple of discord between us.
We are friends.
Because I would inevitably come to conceive love for you, because you are so talented and good, because there is such grandeur in your look.
We'd better keep out of your way lest you trample us.
Love God Jane, love God.
Give up your heart to Him.
He is love.
He didn't leave the house until everyone was out.
I can see the candles, Martha, at your side like a luminous glow.
Her hand, her shape, her size.
Not an outcast among strangers?
I've been with good people; far better than you, quite more refined and exalted.
A doctor in a Jaguar must've looked like a pretty good meal ticket.
Were you a good girl?
So it's good?
But it's good for me.
And it's good for you, too.
It's gonna be okay, sweetheart.
I promise.
(beat) Listen, Mario's a little not so bright.
Good.
I had a good neighbor, George.
Great kids.
Great.
Then lemme remind you, the polite thing is to say, thank you, that's a real nice offer, I don't mind taking you up on it.
A bicycle and an ice cream cone -- boom, done, they're happy.
You'll see if you look through it, chromium's good for you.
(beat) It's a challenge, staying healthy in a town like this.
Thanks for reminding me.
Hangin' in, baby.
And their pets are fine.
Real pleased to meet you.
Great.
Relax, Erin, I'll do it -- I'm not -- Ugh -- Jesus -- Yeah -- you had a whole family of those things hanging out back there.
It's a simple thing.
I was supposed to have one of those great lives, with everything all laid- out and perfect.
You live next door to a real live beauty queen.
Don't be too nice to me, okay?
Come on, baby.
I got an interesting call this afternoon.
Well, that was nice of him.
So what's the story on this thing?
And benefits.
(he stands, to leave) I will present your offer to my clients.
Hey, excellent.
Thanks.
Well I'll be God damned.
I promise.
If it's any consolation, love you.
Baby's fine.
Would that make you happy?
That's why I like it.
Well, good, Ed.
Good thing there isn't a present there, huh?
Come on, George, it's a party.
That's a fascinating subject.
Great.
Excellent.
It's okay, baby.
You're just a happier woman, cause you don't have to deal with maxi-pads and underwire.
Erin -- And second of all -- these people don't dream about being rich.
They dream about being able to watch their kids swim in a pool without worrying they'll have to have a hysterectomy at age 20, like Rosa Diaz -- a client of ours -- or have their spine deteriorate like Stan Bloom.
Another client of ours.
A new plaintiff called, wants to meet you.
Have you ever mentioned to everyone what good work I'm doing?
By the end of the day.
But you and me didn't get into this to get rich.
Scuse me, sir, you got a real nice ass, you know that?
Good to see you again.
(to Ed, with a wink) Well.
50-400 million dollars is a great deal of money for your plaintiffs, Mr. Masry.
It's an important meeting.
That can be great; that can be a lot of fun -- "Fun?" Jesus, " fun ?"
I kill myself for a year and a half, hand you the best case of your life on a God damn silver platter, remind you of why you became a lawyer in the first place, and you think of me as "fun?" Okay, now you're making this personal, and it isn't -- Not personal ?
I promise.
There's nothing on Earth I love more than you.
Thank you.
But I do believe that if you put a little faith in the system, you'll be quite pleased with the outcome.
Now don't take this personally, sir, but I've never seen you before in my life.
Yeah, well -- good help is hard to find.
You're the first nice guy who ever liked me.
(with a smile) You know me.
That's right, sweetheart.
That's why I'm helping her.
Eggs'd be great, baby.
I can put them in a good school.
Nice view, huh?
Bunny said you were good for it.
Were you listening to the story, Donny?
What-- Were you listening to the Dude's story?
Please.
And in fact he met privately with the President, though unfortunately there wasn't time for a photo opportunity.
Wonderful woman.
No, they-- I guess he's pretty, uh, racially pretty cool-- They're not his, heh-heh, they're not literally his children; they're the Little Lebowski Urban Achievers, inner-city children of promise but without the-- I see.
Heh-heh.
Well, yeah I did, but I spent most of my time occupying various, um, administration buildings-- Heh-heh-- --smoking thai-stick, breaking into the ROTC-- Yes, heh-- --and bowling.
You don't go out and make a living dressed like that in the middle of a weekday.
Tattoo it on your forehead!
Your "revolution" is over, Mr. Lebowski!
Practicing?
Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Wonderful woman.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
That's marvelous.
You happy, you crazy fuck?
Well, it's water under the bridge.
Mr. Lebowski, this is Fred Dynarski with the Southern Cal Bowling League.
Dude, I finally got the venue I wanted.
I'm Performing my dance quintet--you know, my cycle--at Crane Jackson's Fountain Street Theatre on Tuesday night, and I'd love it if you came and gave me notes.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's funny.
I can look back on a life of achievement, on challenges met, competitors bested, obstacles overcome.
She is the light of my life.
Mr. Lebowski is prepared to make a generous offer to you to act as courier once we get instructions for the money.
Her life is in your hands.
Mr. Lebowski asked me to repeat that: Her life is in your hands.
Her life is in your hands, Dude.
The whites.
Her life was in our hands!
Easy, Dude.
Don't fucking say peep when I'm doing business here.
That's the simple part, Dude.
Quintana and-- Saturday!
Saturday is shabbas.
Thank you, Donny.
Green.
But it's nice when they offer.
My art has been commended as being strongly vaginal.
Little Lebowski Urban Achievers, yes, and proud we are of all of them.
He's a good man, and thorough.
He's a good man, and thorough.
Life goes on!
Home sweet home, Mr. L. Who's your friend in the Volkswagon?
What in God's holy name are you blathering about?
We received it this morning.
...By God sir.
Fine, Dude.
Lady, I got buddies who died face- down in the muck so you and I could enjoy this family restaurant!
Finishing my coffee.
Finishing my coffee.
Nice marmot.
You think veer kidding und making mit de funny stuff?
I can see you don't want to be cheered up.
D'ya have a good sarsaparilla?
That's a good one.
Thanks man.
Now I got-- She is most definitely the perpetrator and not the victim.
He's a good man, and thorough.
And a good day to you, sir.
Thank you, ma'am.
Yeah, I'll be at practice.
Hello Dude, thanks for coming.
Love me.
What do you do for fun?
Well, so, did he--is that yoga?
Fun and games?
Relax, man!
Hey, relax man, I'm a brother shamus.
Three thousand years of beautiful tradition, from Moses to Sandy Koufax-- PAST! I--Jesus.
Visiting friends of hers in Palm Springs.
(bitterly) Well, she's back.
Well, you have your story, I have mine.
Hy God!
Rest easy, good buddy, you're doing fine.
Pleased to meet you.
Donny was a good bowler, and a good man.
He was a man who loved the outdoors, and bowling, and as a surfer explored the beaches of southern California from Redondo to Calabassos.
And a good friend.
In your wisdom you took him, Lord.
As you took so many bright flowering young men, at Khe San and Lan Doc and Hill 364.
These young men gave their lives.
who loved bowling.
the Pacific Ocean, which you loved so well.
Goodnight, sweet prince.
Let's go bowling.
Thanks, man.
He was a good ol boy, stood by me...
It was a year before I met you.
He served his time for what he did.
I always figured he was sweet on mama, so when he cornered me one afternoon, I was surprised moren a little.
(whisper) Santos... No... Please, Santos... Youre not tellin me that youre sweet on him?
I cant... Shhhh... Its all right... Also, I either take you or that pretty daughter of yours to bed.
Are you going to provide me with an opportunity to prove my love to my girl?
Sailor, honey... (helping him up) Im sorry to do this to ya here in front of a crowd, but I want ya to stand up and make a nice apology to my girl.
Thats good... Now go get yourself a beer.
You told me that was your favorite love song.
Cause Im only gonna sing that song to my wife.
Whats that honey?
Dont need to make moren it was.
Gift certificates to Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Wouldnt it be fabulous if we somehow stayed in love for the rest of our lives?
Itd make the future so simple and nice.
This mans the best damn abortionist in the South.
His folks used to visit with us summers.
And just seemin real spacey and actin funny.
Actin funny how?
Well, like mama told me, Aunt Rootie, Dells mama?
You know too much bout little Lulas mom... Whattya mean?
Yeah, I had my first taste on that trip to Juarez.
You still got plenty energy for me, baby.
Oh, baby.
She was a wild chick.
Youre excitin me, honey.
What color hair she have?
But dig this, sweetie.
(howls) Jesus, honey!
You better rum me back to the hotel, baby...
But go easy on me, sweetheart... Tomorrow we got alotta drivin to do.
Thank the Lord.
Well, you aint let me down yet, Sailor.
(laughs) What it says on the bumper sticker up front.
Pleased to meet ya.
(laughs) Oh, many things...
Mr. San Pedro Sula is with the Secret Service.
(extending his hand) Its been a real pleasure.
The Hondurans are great friends of the American people.
I love it when your eyes get wild, honey.
You really are dangerously cute, honey.
Lets head out into the crazy world of New Orleans...
They lit there day and night.
Thats what I mean... Always looked like you was just knocked out in love... Was real nice to see.
(smiles) Who do?
I been standin out there off and on for two hours, ha-ha!
Which I aint got, ha-ha!
But everbody calls me Roach, ha-ha!
Roach DeLoach, ha-ha!
Aint laughin, ha-ha!
My dogs, ha-ha!
Im headed to Alaska, ha-ha!
These dogs is gonna be my sled team, ha-ha!
I saw this movie on TV, ha-ha!
The Call of the Wild.
I aint never seen snow, ha-ha!
Nobody wanted em, ha-ha!
Im gonna feed these boys good so theyll be big and powerful and they can pull me real fast through the snow, ha-ha!
That band is too good?
Honey, we bein strangers here and all, this is the kinda place we dont want to make nothin of nothin.
I aint so sure its a great idea, but thats up to you.
Im fine, mama.
Right?! Mama, was it right for you to sic Johnnie Farragut on us?
I aint that dumb, mama.
I love you, baby.
Dont be crazy, mama.
Told you not to call your mama.
Did I tell ya its great to see ya again?
See ya downstairs.
I think an ending is being arranged there... Come on, lemme see a smile.
This is a game we love to play.
(to Juana) Im gettin hot too, mama.
I come back, I touch Johnnie... AHHHHH ... I touch myself... (she puts her hand between her legs) HA!... Now I go out - I toucha one bottle... Do I touch second bottle?...
The good side is I knew your daddy, and I thought Clyde was a good ol guy...
I been carryin a secret too... (voice-over) That night in the fire while my daddy was dyin...
I didnt want to say it ... but I had a feelin Santos was up to somethin with your mama... (quietly) My mama... (after a pause - she smiles) So Sailor, our histories have been somewhat intertwined.
You Red? (with a smile) Well, I aint Blackie.
Things aint real hot right now.
You good with engines?
(to Sailor) Im Buddy, and this heres Sparky.
Been nice meetin yall.
Preciate the beer.
One thing about bein in Big Tuna: you dont have much choice about who you see and who you dont.
That you, Sail, honey?
Hey, everybody.
Life is unpredictable.
We made a deal once that wed tip each other off if we ever heard.
Thanks... Hey...
Someday honey, I will...
Thanks, Bobby, bout done.
How bout a beer?
This your car? (laughs) Hell, no, belongs to my girls sister.
She aint been feelin well.
Couple Stars, Jimmy.
Iguana Countys one of the richest in Texas.
Ready for another?
Need me a good boy for back-up.
Be easy, Sailor.
(smiling) Well...
(smiles - puts a hand on Sailors shoulder) Just took a guess is all...
Thanks, darlin, I know you got my best interest in mind, and I preciate it sincerely.
I love you, but I gotta sleep now.
This whole worlds wild at heart and weird on top.
I wish youd sing me Love Me Tender ... I wish I was somewhere over that rainbow... Shit.
Nice of you to drop by.
(laughs out loud) No shit?!?!
Oh, yes, you can.
Me too... Can you give your old friend Santos a hug, too? (voice-over) (voice-over) Im goin, mama.
Course I am, mama.
Well, you be careful with that boy, Lula.
Pleasure to meet you, Pace.
Not seein each other for six years makes it next best to simple for us, too.
If ever somethin dont feel right to you, remember what Pancho said to The Cisco Kid... Lets went, before we are dancing at the end of a rope, without music.
There aint no need to make life toughern it has to be.
The Good Witch... Sailor... Lula loves you.
You love her... Dont be afraid, Sailor.
But Im wild at heart.
If you are truly wild at heart, youll fight for your dreams... Dont turn away from love, Sailor... Dont turn away from love... Dont turn away from love.
I also want to thank you fellas, youve taught me a valuable lesson in life.
God Almighty!
Good God! What's happening?
(glad for a response) Yeah, you and everyone else.
(sleepy but pleasant) Gee, thanks a lot.
I was happy the way it was.
That help?
Jesus, these are fantastic.
She looked good then.
Well, you didn't marry her.
I just want to look ... God, this is me! (he holds up a baby photo) Look.
Cute, huh?
It's amazing, huh Jake?
Do me a favor.
How was Palm Springs?
(pointing to the line) You got a nice tan, though.
Well it's good to have you back.
Please!
I never hurt anybody when I was alive.
Kids on a joy ride.
You still love me?
You love me? (continuing) Della's party's tonight.
And I won't make you dance.
I promise.
JEZZIE hugs him) You still love me, Jake?
New? He's been here for years.
Can I help you?
I've lived with too many crazies in my life.
It's for your own good, Jake.
You and your fresh air.
Thank God.
(she smiles) What a night, Jake.
Amazing, huh? Are we in Brooklyn?
It'll warm you up.
Enjoy yourself.
One of us should be having a good time.
(she kisses his cheek) Love me a little?
Well I'll be goddamned!
So tell me, to what do I owe the honor?
I'd love to see you.
Nothing penetrates that night.
Not my head, buddy.
Listen, Jake.
We've been watching you for a long time.
You and your friends.
Merry Christmas.
Good God, Jake.
(smiling) From a slipped disc?
(LOUIS takes hold of JACOB's legs and yanks them swiftly) Good.
(continuing) Wonderful.
Easy.
I love you, Louis.
The brass loved it.
It's a blessing you don't remember.
The Ladder was my baby.
It's chemistry, my friend.
I created it.
I can help.
It's strong stuff.
Pleasant dreams.
But thanks.
I loved your friends.
(continuing) And your vision of paradise ... fantastic!
If you've made your peace then they're angels freeing you from the world.
First, that the world of matter and individual consciousness are both manifestations of one Divine Reality.
Third, man possesses a double nature, an ego and an eternal self, what we call "spirit" or "soul."
Isn't this a happy surprise?
(smiling) It's good to see you.
(he smiles) Last I heard you were offered a posi- tion in the West somewhere.
It's been four days.
It's an in- teresting story.
I'll give you a massage.
Thank God.
I love his enthusiasm... It's just a little misguided.
... in Bill Gluckman's administration, women will have better health care, women will have better day care, and women will have better jobs!
From here on in, my campaign has a new slogan!
Pops, you got to keep your pimp hand strong.
Yo! I'ma start on a new sign.
You're from Malibu, you live in a nice home...
With nice maids!
Bill, Bess, go to your happy places.
Be proud of who you are.
Great news.
If he sees Brad five days a week, he says we'll see improvement in three to four years.
Right, good point.
They car-jack Brad, then take him on a 'tour' of the 'hood... give him a little taste of what thug life's really like.
I grew up in Compton, okay?
If we work together as a family there's no telling how high we can go.
I was pickin' up aromatherapy candles at Illuminations for Moms, right?
Rich shoppers get out of the way.
I'm so glad you came back.
Fantastic.
Honest to God.
I got better things to do with my time, boy.
A grand.
Make it trey, we on.
Jesus Christ, three grand?
Deal.
PJ bursts into laughter.
What's so funny?
We FOLLOW it as it moves to: Shondra enters, looking ghetto fab hot.
Thank you.
Can I help you?
Cool, playa.
How do you deal?
One day I'ma have a chain of beauty salons all up in the 90210, just like Starbucks, only instead of coffee, with hair and nails.
That's genius, girl.
You fine and smart too.
Thank you.
We got your rich Gluckman ass now!
Thank you, sir.
Can I help you?
But they were cool, no gun to head, never scream; you know, good people.
Thank you God.
He pulls out a hundred and kisses it.
The Koreans laugh at Brad.
... a meet and greet with Greenpeace, then drinks with the offshore oil lobby.
How's the Brad project doing?
He's in excellent hands.
Finally, a place where I feel at home.
Steel finishes, the crowd CHEERS, and Young Dre starts in on the mic.
Hey, girl.
Come on, girl, I'm cool.
He gives her a sloppy kiss on the cheek.
I'm fine, but you the finest!
(to Tec) She a genius too, man!
The brutha's right.
Don't do it, Tec! Auuuuuuuuu! Tec feels everyone looking at him.
Sean and PJ finally make it to the MC, who stands with the DJ.
Yo! Sean bumps the DJ table.
This is gonna be like an episode of 'Oz.' Brad gets his game face on and walks the gauntlet on his way to the stage -- an imposing path of intimidating looks.
Peace out.
Everybody's right.
I respected you for getting' up there.
But you heard 'em laughing.
Yeah with the... traffic, and the... parking, and... (getting excited) Like, when the public be all up in your private beach?
Thanks, Shondra.
Thank you.
Great, terrific, we're making real progress here.
Hey! Listen up... Brad G is in da hiz, and things gonna start changin' round here!
Good.
We gonna have a party.
We could have a very interesting opportunity here.
No -- we push the 'courage under adversity' angle.
War's great.
He hangs up and smiles.
He's without a weapon, and Rollin' G's are FOCUSING their FIRE on him.
(laughs) When did that happen?
A party is happening: Homies slam dominoes... Home girlz drink beer and talk... Sean and PJ are standing frozen in a corner, quietly crying... Hip-hop gangsters dancing... and finally we FIND Tec and the other I-9's gathered around Brad, as Tec solemnly hands Brad a Tec 9 automatic pistol.
Welcome to the 9's.
Brad laughs.
(proud) This.
Mocha laughs and starts doing whale sounds.
A'ight, a'ight, chill.
Yeah, I just got tested positive ... for G.A.M.E.
(mock surprise) Cool playa.
Please.
Yo, dawg, love to kick it wit' you and run the whole thizang, but I got some bidness back in the 'Bu, li'l somethin' somethin' with Big Boy and whatnot, so if y'alls don't mind -- I do mind.
You see, guys, California is my family, and hey, here's a thought.
I'm here, ain't I? A'ight, Pops, we cool.
Much love.
This all better be rebuilt before my ma comes back, or she will make you wish you were never born.
All these crazy busters was strapped to the nines, and I was like, keepin' the peace, telling the brothers to talk it out, find their common bond... (going for the Oscar) See, the explosion was just a metaphor for the anger we oppressed young men of color have buried deep inside our hearts... hearts turned dark -- (confused) Okay, thank you, Bloodbath and Tree.
We CRANE DOWN FROM a sign that reads: "GRAND OPENING, SHONDRA'S NAIL AND BEAUTY SALON" to reveal a crowd of Malibu women gathered around Brad and Shondra as Shondra cuts a ribbon with a huge pair of scissors; the women rush inside.
I love it.
She smiles revealing a GOLD TOOTH with a DIAMOND in it.
I'm trained in jazz dance, tap, and I can do a Southern accent.
Congratulations.
Yes, congratulations.
You guys having fun?
Good.
That's good.
He's your friend.
I love you.
It's her birthday tomorrow.
That's a good age.
Happy Birthday!
A famous actor bringing me flowers on my birthday.
Well, you were wonderful on that show.
Why that didn't make you the biggest movie star in the world is a sin.
Now Miles, why didn't you tell me you were coming and bringing this handsome man?
Look how I'm dressed.
You look fabulous, Mrs. Raymond.
Make yourselves comfortable.
Ready for my close up!
Mrs. Raymond, this is delicious.
It was a surprise, Mom.
One of the best producers in Santa Barbara county.
(looking out the window) Look how beautiful this view is.
Jesus, what a day!
See, the reason this region's great for Pinot is that the cold air off the Pacific flows in at night through these transverse valleys and cools down the berries.
Hey, honey.
I know, but I'm trying to make this the best wedding I can with the best wine we can find.
Sounds good.
Good, yeah, it is a rose.
Tells you how old it is, among other things, usually more important with reds.
This is a very young wine, so it's going to retain its color pretty solidly.
(focusing on the menu) The duck is excellent and pairs nicely with the Highliner Pinot.
Good to see you.
I'm doing good, good.
You look great.
Oh yeah, Sunday night.
(big smile) Hiya.
(smiling back) Hi.
Well, nice to see you guys here.
And she likes you.
And she likes Pinot.
She works for tips!
Good for you.
That's what we're up here celebrating.
That's fantastic.
Congratulations.
That's hilarious.
Thank you.
Well, good to see you, Miles.
Yeah, but that's not the whole story.
Is she bringing him to the wedding?
Everyone's cool.
Excellent.
My friend and I are up here doing the wine tour, and he tells me that you folks make one hell of a Syrah.
I'm trying to teach my friend here some basics about wine over the next few days before he goes off and -- That's right -- I'm here to learn.
Tastes great.
(as they taste) This is only the fifth year we've made this varietal.
Well, I've come to never expect greatness from a Cab Franc, and this one's no exception.
Well, she is cute.
Congratulations.
Cozy ambiance.
Excellent food too -- you should try it.
My wedding gift to you and what's- his-name.
Well, I'm not coming, Barbie.
So you guys have fun.
Easy, boy.
Easy.
You are blowing a great opportunity here, Miles.
She's great.
She's funny.
These girls want to party.
Anyway, I think it's amazing you're getting it published.
Thanks.
I'm the queen of typos.
And when that happens, its flavors are the most haunting and brilliant and subtle and thrilling and ancient on the planet.
No, but I do like to think about the life of wine, how it's a living thing.
I like to think about what was going on the year the grapes were growing, how the sun was shining that summer or if it rained... what the weather was like.
I love how wine continues to evolve, how every time I open a bottle it's going to taste different than if I had opened it on any other day.
I had a good time tonight, Miles.
Good.
Great.
Goodnight, Miles.
Well, I'm glad you got it out of your system.
Things are so easy with her.
This is my deal.
It's my life, and it's my call.
In love?
Twenty-four hours with some wine-pourer chick and you think you're in love?
Yes I have, and do I look like a happy man?
You design your own wine; I'll handle the business side.
Then you get inspired and write a new novel.
That was three years ago after that first party!
I love it up here.
We had a busload of retired folks in on a wine tour.
Well, nice to see you now.
He wrote a great one on Burgundy, and I used to get his newsletter, but then there were doubts about whether he does all his own tasting.
Great.
Why don't you stay through the weekend?
No, we've got to get back Friday for the rehearsal dinner.
How he adores Siena.
Yo! Yo! Here's my boy! Here's my boy! Who's your daddy, boy?
I'm so proud of you!
Let me love you!
Oh, hey, honey.
Listen, honey.
No, I'm finished.
Thanks.
That's beautiful.
Look what I got for our favorite girl.
You're getting married on Saturday?
You said you loved me!
Listen, I don't know if you even care, but I had to call and tell you again how much I enjoyed our time together and how sorry I am things turned out the way they did.
Don't bother reading it -- you've got better things to do.
We're leaving in the morning, and I want you to know that I take with me wonderful memories of you.
Good thing you have a voice-over career.
Take a couple of these, and you'll learn to love it.
Hey, why don't you invite Maya to the wedding?
I'll pay for it.
Love you, man.
(big smile) You were wearing your belt.
(taking her in) You look beautiful.
Thanks.
Thanks.
(to Miles) Nice to meet you, Miles.
Yeah, he's good that way.
That's great.
Pizza in bed, we'll have fun.
Who do I thank?
In the eyes of God.
Babe, today...
I told Father Antonelli I was in love.
I told him it was a special love, for all the ages.
You pig! Babe, it's not me!
I love you!
The best years of my life!
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the Moonlight Hotel and Casino's incredible Platinum Oldies Spectacular.
Please welcome our own girl group extraordinaire, our beehives of beauty -- the fabulous Ronelles!
He's fab.
With love.
With love!
He was sweet.
He let me sing.
Come on, she'll sing great.
When she sings for us.
You listen for the footsteps.
A five-star hotel.
And all those like you.
I look good in reds, purples, hot pink -- and shoes.
The Mary is in deference to the Holy Mother, the Clarence in honor of Saint Clarence Loyola.
Good afternoon, Sisters.
Reverend Mother, on behalf of the sisters, I'd like to welcome Mary Clarence to St. Katherine's.
As part of our welcome, I've had a little thought, just for fun.
Could we have our new friend offer today's blessing?
A blessing?
(trying to recall a blessing) For what we are about to receive... may the Lord... prepare us and... watch us and... walk through the valley and be our shepherd and... to the republic for which it stands... God bless us every one, hallowed be thy name.
Amen.
I haven't heard that song in ages.
No. (cutting off the song) That's enough.
We are a small congregation this morning.
Where is celebration?
It's a wonderful world.
Good afternoon, young ladies.
And welcome to our Christian Youth Group.
What's good?
At Sunday School?
So we'll be good, in the future.
That choir?
Thanks.
Amen.
To make a decent life for yourself.
A decent life?
All-time great!
Hall of Fame! Aren't I, like, your dream come true?
(smiling) You're my Olympic event.
Gimme a hand here.
Please?
Go ahead, Sister -- make 'em sing.
Good morning, Sisters.
Jesus goes to Rio? Good Friday-a- go-go?
They gave up their free time, and they loved it.
Those women are happy.
Inspiring.
Well... thank you.
I can't wait until next Sunday, when the choir performs again.
That music, that heavenly music -- it called to them.
Bless her!
It's marvelous, Reverend Mother.
Make it look easy.
Hopeless I Amateurs 2 Babies Again!
This is restriction of trade.
Jackpot!
It's better than ice cream.
It's better than springtime.
Better and better, Sisters, you are truly an inspiration.
And he has invited you to attend a special evening Mass at St. Matthew's Cathedral on Sunday night1 to sing for the Council of Cardinals.
And on such an occasion, I feel a completely traditional program will be best.
But, Reverend Mother -- everyone loves our new style.
It will be wonderful, Reverend Mother.
Congratulations, Mary Clarence.
Good news, kid.
Great.
Right, right -- thanks.
But everything that's happening is good!
You and I know that life is not so simple.
Good day, Mary Clarence.
But... Good day.
We're singing for the Cardinals.
You're gonna be singing for St. Peter if you don't get your ass out of here!
Make-up tips?
They're singing for the Cardinals.
If first prize was a trip to the Vatican.
Thanks.
Pull yourselves together.
Thank goodness!
(turning on the charm) Babe.
Babe, what happened here?
Good evening, Vincent.
This is me, doll.
(kneeling by Christy) I love you, Chris.
My affection.
Where's the love?
I don't get judged, baby.
It's so beautiful...
And what a lovely name.
She's a babe!
Let the others go -- they have nothing to do with this.
She is a model of generosity, virtue and love.
(smiling) Christy.
(also smiling) Van Cartier.
Reverend Mother -- Thank-you.
You saved my life.
Life sentence.
(sincerely, with a smile) Thank-you.
I was good to you!
(grinning, to Vince) Bless you.
You have evidenced great maturity, Mary Robert.
Sing! Yeah... but there's a... a girl I know.
You go right ahead, Willie.
(turns to Jack) I'm happy to know you, sir.
Oh, come on, fellas, let's relax.
It's a hot day... Hey, Sugar Boy... Yeah?
None for me, thank you kindly.
He's a strong boy.
(laughs) He was a neighbor's boy.
Oh, he's the best.
Get the coffee, Lucy.
Willie's a smart boy.
I was proud of you, Jack.
(to the Judge) You propose it, Monty... you're so good at it.
Well, I don't.
He can help you.
Fine, Willie, fine.
Thanks.
Stir 'em up and they'll love it and come back for more.
But for heaven's sake don't try and improve their minds.
Well, they haven't counted up the votes yet.
I would have made a good governor.
Better than those other fellows.
(muttering) Build them highways... greatest system of highways in the country.
Oh, no, you were so full of yourself and hot air, all you wanted was a chance to stand up on your hind legs and make a speech: my friends, what this state needs is a good five-cent cigar.
(laughs) Yeah, I quieted him down.
I'm too rich to work.
We didn't do so good.
And a beer.
(voice over) They were all hopping on his bandwagon... even Tiny Duffy.
(voice over) Willie was right -- he'd learned how to win... (voice over) He spent a lot of money doing it... an awful lot of money...
It was Saturday night in a mining town.
T-t-they b-b-better be.
And Lucy? Fine... fine.
It's a deal.
Free.
Not as a charity, but as a right.
Fiercely proud of his son who played in them.
(voice over) The crowd loved it... Willie loved it... and so did I. (through open door) You low-down, no-good redneck... (to secretary) What goes on here?
(she shows Jack newspaper containing photograph of Willie at the nightclub) The boss poses for too many pictures.
Why, Sadie, I'm surprised at you.
That girl on skates... and the time you both went to St. Louis... There's a new invention, you know, Photography and newsreels.
Willie Stark in a nightclub... Willie Stark with a blonde.
You could always bleach your hair.
Something very important came up.
Good evening, Governor Stark.
Sugar, meet me at the hotel as soon as you can.
Ssshhh, easy.
(laughing) It's been a long time since I played this thing.
You and Anne were dancing?
Shall we dance?
Let's... let's have a drink first.
Well, I'm not.
Because you're the best man for the job.
Nobody in the world but him.
It's only practice.
(laughing) Come on, Tommy... let's go faster.
Oh, thank God. How is -- Willie?
Everybody loves him.
I'll help.
Thank you kindly.
(on the last bite) You're still a great cook, Lucy.
Great cook.
Nice to have spent the day with the family.
You stay right here, Sadie.
(as he meets Duffy) What's the score?
What have you got in your black book about that old friend of yours?
You know, Judge, dirt's a funny thing.
You're alive.
I... I'm responsible for many good things.
(goes to the door) Good night, gentlemen.
Good night, gentlemen.
(starts upstairs) Well, good night.
Good night.
You've got to see him.
We're alive.
You better hurry.
This, this kind of accomplishment is the result of fervent dedication to the principles taught here.
This is why we are the best preparatory school in the United States.
Good to have you back.
Your brother was one of our finest.
Thank you.
Lovely ceremony.
Thank you.
So glad you liked it.
Gale Tom Good to see you again.
Thank you, sir.
Well he won't disappoint us.
I'll do my best sir.
You be a good boy and do your lessons.
Hey, I hear you got the new kid.
How was your summer Slick?
Keen.
Closed.
Thanks.
Again, please.
Well come on.
"Gather ye rosebuds while ye may, old time is still a flying, and this same flower that smiles today, tomorrow will be dying."
Thank you Mr. Pitts.
Thank you for playing anyway.
The world is their oyster.
But if you listen real close, you can hear them whisper their legacy to you.
Seize the day boys, make your lives extraordinary.
As your ability to evaluate poems in this matter grows, so will - so will your enjoyment and understanding of poetry.
Thank you Mr. Dalton.
Thank you Mr. Dalton.
Mr. Hopkins, you may agree with him, thinking "Yes, we should simply study our Mr. Pritchard and learn our rhyme and meter and go quietly about the business of achieving other ambitions."
I have a little secret for ya.
We don't read and write poetry because it's cute.
But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.
What good amid these, o me, o life?
For what we are about to receive, may the Lord make us truly grateful.
Amen.
Quite an interesting class you gave today, Mr. Keating.
Funny, I never pegged you as a cynic.
Show me the heart unfettered by foolish dreams, and I'll show you a happy man.
But only in their dreams can man be truly free.
Well, why don't you stay home?
(laughing) Guys, over here.
You're funny.
Clowns.
The meetings will be conducted by myself and the other new initiates now present.
Dig deep right here.
Picnic blanket.
And they run out of gas, and there's a madman on the- The thing with the hand- I love that story.
Now, he had a wife, the plague of his life, who continually got his goat.
Thank you!
"A Midsummer Night's Dream"?
That's a laugh!
Well, listen, Neil.
"We are dreaming of a--" Poetry!
Come on, louder.
Oh, good God, boy.
Now, you don't get away that easy.
No, you can do better than that.
Oh, that's excellent.
Wonderful.
Wonderful.
Oh, that's really interesting.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Well, ask yourselves why you were clapping.
You be joining us?
Thank you, Mr. Dalton.
Swim against the stream.
Today's my birthday.
Is today your birthday?
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
Good!
(smiling) Yeah.
In this week of Welton's Honor there appeared a profane and unauthorized article.
Boys marching, clapping in unison.
He'll just tell me to put it out of my mind, "for my own good."
Isn't there an easier way?
Thanks.
I brought you these and a poem I wrote for you.
I love you, Chris.
Please.
The heavens made a girl named Chris With hair and skin of gold.
Thanks.
Beautiful baby.
Beautiful baby.
I jest to Oberon and make him smile When I a fat and bean-fed horse beguile, Neighing in likeness of a filly foal: And sometime lurk I in a gossip's bowl, In very likeness of a roasted crab, And when she drinks, against her lips I bob And on her wither'd dewlap pour the ale.
But, gentle friend, for love and courtesy Lie further off; in human modesty, Such separation as may well be said Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid, and, good night, sweet friend: Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end!
Amen, amen, to that fair prayer, say I; Neil.
Here's your crown.
Give me your hands, if we be friends, And Robin shall restore amends.
Neil, Neil, you were great.
You have the gift.
I was good.
That sound.
What sound?
It's so beautiful.It's okay, Calm down.
Neil loved acting.
Hello, darling.
It describes how your teacher, Mr. Keating, encouraged you boys to organize this club and to use it as a source of inspiration for reckless and self- indulgent behavior.
If the poem's score for perfection is plotted on the horizontal of a graph--" Mr. Keating!
(finally) ... hey, where are you from--?
Good-- and George, it's coming-- our baby, it's coming now.
I'll see you in a minute, sweetheart.
-- the baby too.
Please!
My love?
Listen carefully, okay?we're about to have this baby Sweetheart... I'm not going to be able to be there.
Finally Nero looks up.
Jim is now officially LOVING THIS -- and he DRIVES THROUGH a FENCE -- CRASH!
It's like the first time he's ever stood in his life.
I have come far to meet you.
We've been asking for its secrets for too long.
She stares at him, moved.
As always... whoever you choose to be... you will have a proud mother.
HOLD on mother and son, worlds apart but forever bonded: An imposing yet BEAUTIFUL INDOOR ATRIUM.
That you have achieved so much despite your disadvantage.
Welcome to the Academy.
Camera starts to MOVE AROUND HIM -- he's dramatically BACKLIT and we COME AROUND for an INCREDIBLE REVEAL of a SHIPYARD -- at its center, the skeletal frame of a NEW SHIP under arclights.
Glances through the viewshield... SEES SOMETHING... and he smiles.
Nice ride, man.
Passes UHURA and the BARFIGHT CADETS, who PERK UP when they see him -- one has a BANDAGED HAND.
He smiles as he takes a seat at the back of the shuttle.
And you're the greatest -- thank you.
You'd better study for it this time.
A date? Listen, as smart as you are, which ain't much, if you don't prepare-- You have no idea how prepared I'm gonna be-- no idea.
(kissing her) ... Yeah.
Under the bed, quick!
Uhura watches her.
I believe I have the right to face my accuser directly.
He and Kirk MEET EYES for the first time.
Respectfully.
You keep reminding me that you're Vulcan.
Everyone watches, on edge -- finally, quietly: (to all) We've received a distress call from Vulcan.
Yessir, happy to.
Thank you for your time.
Which was good.
Please.
(bitingly) Fantastic, I'm in.
"Illogical"-- you're funny.
Please.
Old friend.
(whispering; a mantra) Our minds... one and together...One hundred and twenty-seven years from now everything ends.
We built a ship containing a material capable of generating the only thing powerful enough to consume a supernova.
(sympathy, surprise) ... so you do feel... "Cthia" is the stricture that binds our emotions... but few of us are that perfectly Vulcan.
You often spoke of him as your inspiration for joining starfleet.
... are you thanking me?
I welcome it.
Back home we have a saying: "If you're gonna ride in the Kentucky Derby, don't leave your prize stallion in the stable."
Trust me.
-- let's get to the bridge-- Come with me.
Well I'm not telling.
It's exciting.
Congratulations, Jim.
Thanks for the support!
I am trained in the Vulcan martial art of Suus Mahna.
Good.
Is he alive?
(awkwardly) Wow.
(sotto) We show them compassion-- it may be the only way to earn peace with Romulus.
... Fascinating.
For your... unique solution to the Kobayashi Maru, it's my honor to award you with a commendation for original thinking.
Congratulations, Captain.
Thank you, Sir.
It would be my honor, Commander.
Her ongoing mission... to explore strange new worlds... to seek out new life forms, and new civilizations... To boldly go, where no one has gone... before... ... oh my God... (to himself, boggled) A lightning storm... then this... (to deck) Signal all departments: first contact protocols.
Places it on the table beside his younger self.
This was a gift to me.
Representing... a dream.
As always, brash, wry, confident -- and SINGING: Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you... (stops, grins) I know I know, it's illogical to celebrate something you had nothing to do with, but I haven't had the chance to congratulate you on your appointment to the ambassadorship so I thought I'd seize the occasion... Bravo, Spock -- they tell me your first mission may take you away for awhile, so I'll be the first to wish you luck... and to say... (beat, emotional) I miss you, old friend.
Watching life swing us into our Emeritus years... MUSIC BUILDING -- glass walls reveal THE ENTERPRISE at dock, UTILITY CRAFTS floating around it, repairing.
Standing at attention in rows, THE ENTERPRISE CREW -- over four hundred of them wearing DRESS UNIFORMS -- TRACK DOWN the faces, all proud: I look around at the new cadets now and can't help thinking... has it really been so long?
Composed, focused, proud.
And to every fan's delight, finally wearing his YELLOW SHIRT.
He opens a BOX in his lap -- glorious in repose, a MEDAL: And as Fleet Admiral, for your... unique solution to the Kobayashi Maru, it's my honor to award you with a commendation for original thinking.
Thank you, Sir.
Eyes shining.
WILD APPLAUSE.
OUR MUSIC SOARS.
As Kirk rejoins his crew for hugs and congratulations, we go to the BACK of the hangar... SPOCK PRIME.
You once said being a starship captain was my first, best destiny... if that's true, then yours is to be by my side.
Planetary evacuation is in progress.
Life support is fluctuating.
But you love me don't you?
Here's a little makeout music.
Well, today's Saturday and it's still not here.
Come on Dad! Be right there.
Carol!
This is my old friend Carol..
It looks great.
It's adorable.
Nice to meet you.
Congratulations.
Thank you, Doug.
She was so beautiful in high school.
(chuckling) Welcome to the singles scene.
I have two wonderful kids, my own business.
Married right after graduation, they're still together.
(thoughtfully into mike) I'm glad you asked, Dolores.
Four years ago Maddy and I found Jesus... Spiritual renewal.. That's what reunions are all about.
You were so excited I think you showed it to the whole school.
You have an incredible memory.
It's beautiful.
Here comes the life of the party.
And while you're at it, let's have a nice big hand for the Little Lady that did such a great job supervising all the decorations, Rosalie Testa.
We're proud to welcome him back, Richard Norvik! Come on up here, King Richard! (kidding) I demand a recount.
(laughs) Sharon and I thank you all for making us feel so welcome.
It's good to be back.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you our queen, Peggy Sue Kelcher Bodell.
Maddy, what did you do to your hair?
(helplessly) Mom!
Use it in the best of health.
When did you start drinking coffee?
You know, you two are wonderful parents.
This is so nice, all of us being together again like this.
You look great today.
Our girls diving team is competing today in the county finals at Commander Beck High School.
Finally, congratulations go to Richard Norvik for placing first in the Statewide Math Contest.
Over the weekend read the first four chapters of The Great Gatsbv.
You taught me a lot and... you're a very fine teacher.
Good.
What a great kite.
From illusions to memory, from experience to innocence, from happiness to the entire universes So you think time travel is possible?
Listen, you've gotta keep this a secret.
You can't tell a soul.
Promise?
I promise.
Holy Toledo!
I told you, I've already lived my life.
It's great.
Oh, I got tickets for Fabian on your birthday, you like him, right?
It's "Gentlemen start your engines", vroom, like I'm gassed up ready for the race.
Here comes the life of the party.
It's a miracle!
Why Pete's the best darn cook on the Panhandle!
Return with us now to those thrilling days of yesteryear - from out of the...
Pitching wins pennants.
And now, direct from three weeks of rehearsal in Walter's garage, four guys who have dedicated their lives to becoming the greatest singing group in the world... (beat) Charlie, Walter, Leon and Terry.
He is kind of cute, isn't he? Yeah.
He really loves you, too.
(charmed) Come on, let's dance.
There isn't a girl in school that can hold a candle to you.. You're pretty charming when you want to be.
I'm glad dancing was invented.
Did Peggy make it up?
What if we're witnessing the end of touch dancing?
This is great reefer.
(beat) You know, the world looks a lot better from up here.
The world is fantastic.
You rode my bike.
You gonna marry Mr. Blue Impala and graze around with all the other sheep for the rest of your life?
I want to be a dancer, I want to dance.
You'll be a chapter in my memoirs of desire.
I'd love to.
(kisses her) Michael... you're as good as you looked.
Thank God for that.
But this better be good.
Those were the attitudes in the fifties, and that's the way you raised me.
That's the great thing about love.
Cause you're my baby and I love you.
Sweetheart, they're beautiful.
I closed my Christmas club.
Quiet today?
This morning was good.
I, that what all that nonsense was about this morning?
(gravely; closing her eyes) He'll win.
You're a terrific artist.
We'll make it, we'll be fine.
How come we're your best friends and we had to find out about you and Michael Fitzsimmons from Dolores? She's unbelievable.
You're kidding...? Carol, you have beautiful hair.
You better watch out for her.
Cool it kids.
It'll be fun.
This is your great invention?
Cheer up.
Look, the best scientific mind in this country is working on your case.
It was my eighteenth birthday...
That's why they made me Queen.
(shouting) No! Yes! I'll be right out, Dad.
I couldn't help it I loved him.
These roses are beautiful.
And so romantic'.
You never told me you were singing with an R and B group.
I wrote a song for you.
You wrote a song?
Not exactly, but with your great voice, it'll be a huge hit.
But this is more than love.
Welcome to the singles' scene.
And be happy, goddamnit, I'm rooting for you.
And finally, our heartiest congratulations to our girls diving team for placing second in the county finals last Friday.
We're proud of you, Rosalie.
What's the matter, princess?
Have a nice day.
Don't be silly, I'm the best in the county.
It's wonderful.
I love you too, Richard.
Ruler of Light, King of~ the sun.
We ask thy intervention, that this girl may return to thee on the wings of your Love.
Fount of life, Chariot of the Spirit, Womb of the Mother, reclaim thy child of light.
The name of your love is sacrifice.
(chipper) Well, the girl's gone.
Because I love you, damnit!
Let's get married and live happily ever after.
I promise.
Please.
I wasn't sure when you were coming back, so I brought your present up here.
(tenderly) I love you.
Good.
Neckbone follows.
Ellis, stooping over, makes his way into the tiny cabin room.
Ellis smiles at him.
Neckbone opens the first Playboy.
The boys' shoe prints make chaotic patterns in the mud.
I saw that same boot print up in the tree.
The muffled sound of the Beach Boys' "Help Me Rhonda" plays off a record inside.
I came by for that book.
That's his doin' it song.
Come on baby.
He picks it up and holds it to the sun.
Come on, let's get that book.
Thanks.
That's a good book.
By the time Ellis makes it to his houseboat, the sun has disappeared behind the horizon.
The boys disappear back into the trees.
They look bright enough.
Neckbone focuses on a carburetor in his hand.
Some older, tougher looking GUYS see this and begin laughing at him.
Ellis smiles.
It's her, and she really is beautiful.
That's good news.
We picked another place to meet.
Couple days from now.
Hell I got out here didn't I? Ellis smiles.
Please don't tell your father this, but I've been looking at a couple of places.
The sound of Neckbone's bike arrives before he does.
He dismounts and starts to chain the bike up to a tree trunk.
Mud smiles, flashing his missing tooth.
Thanks.
Why you out here like this?
Thank you Ellis.
Ellis stares at her, infatuated.
She smiles.
The sun set while they were inside.
Love, Mom".
The ROOFER swats a hand at the boys.
Surrounded by old boat parts, the boys begin shuttling several large metal pulleys off the sailboat.
Mud smiles, showing his missing tooth, as he looks over the load of items the boys have stacked in their boat.
The boys, with their hands full, follow him.
Ya'll listen to me now.
They love each other and they're gonna make it.
He jumps down.
Ellis follows.
Told him he couldn't know how much you loved Juniper.
They had a good life started together.
Thanks for the wood Ellis.
That's a good haul.
`Bout a girl.
Well, that's your mother.
Thank god.
It's a good plan.
Why are you helping us? Cause ya'll love each other.
We're good.
Take a look with your good eye.
Moving, Ellis looks back to see Carver watching them.
You Hear Me! You're a man who's never had the strength to support his own life.
If they do tear my home apart the only joy I'll have in my heart is knowin' that they'll be tearing you out of my life for good.
But I'll pay him for it.
The boys watch Mud through the trees at a distance.
I'll finish the boat, but I'd be surprised if I live long enough to sail on it.
Ellis watches as dresses and blouses begin to shrivel up in the flames.
That's mom's stuff!
You said you loved her and you lied.
I trusted you.
Neckbone follows.
His hand catches a metal deck cleat.
Mud gets to his feet and is met by the tip of a rifle.
This makes Mud smile.
Mud flinches at each new round fired.
What are you -- Thank you.
Now, please!
I was so relieved that Grace was still... that it wasn't our daughter.
We're very lucky.
"She loves the free..." (sexily undoing his tie) (a la fan) Sing it to me, Frankie! (a la Sinatra cool) How's my pregnant chick!
(loving it) Aw... that's so sweet.
I love you.
Grace, listen to me.
(snotty) Fine!
Gym! Dad? What, sweetheart?
Hello... (to Grace) It's so good to see you.
Well, come on.
Well, Grace, you see... Pilgrim just... isn't the same horse he used to be.
Hello, beautiful boy...
They could see into the creature's soul and soothe the wounds they found there..." "...For secrets uttered softly into troubled ears, these men were known as The Whisperers..." Hey, darlin'.
(Tom laughs) Good crowd today.
When I want him to move from a trot to a lope, say... (smiles) Well, I'm sure that's what you think but that's not what I'm seeing.
It's a dance, see... Somebody has to lead and somebody has to follow.
These animals.
They're the most forgiving creatures God ever made.
I'd love to learn more about it myself.
I'm the one who taught Grace how to ride.
The truth is, they don't know anymore than we do -- less, when it comes to Grace...
Gee, this looks like a fun place.
"Ten miles to big rock."
He says if you do it soon as they're born, it makes them real easy to handle later on.
He has this airplane and these baby geese all grow up thinking it's their mom, and he flies it and they just follow.
It's, uh... beautiful country.
And my daughter, too.
I uh... ha, ha...
(Tom, surprised, listens) I've driven a few thousand miles for a few minutes of your time.
So here's the deal.
Look at him out in the pasture -- Yeah, he must've been a big, beautiful looking horse.
Thank you.
There's coffee inside...
Dear Lord, we are humbly thankful for... (continues) these gifts.
For the blessings on our home, our family and our guests.
Bless those that aren't as fortunate.
Amen.
They don't get burned by the sun bouncing off the snow.
And they're good mother.
Comfortable.
I love you.
Well, it's good that you're there.
He was a wonderful man.
You're a growing girl.
I'll give you a little bit of ointment I make.
It's a magic recipe my Mama gave me.
Old Fool... Darling, pass down those peas for me, thank you.
(raising his beer) Well, I'd like to welcome Annie and Grace to their first branding...
You tend to when you have more than one, even though you love 'em all the same.
(putting away forks) Ha, she loves telling this story about how when he was two years old, he ran off.
No. See, Frank and Tom were raised near the Clark's Fork River, right between the Pryor and Beartooth Mountains.
(smiles, relaxes back) So how was your first and last day of branding?
You got too much sun today... Here... Thank you.
(smiles wryly) You know, sometimes, I get the feeling, Mr. Booker, that you're laughing at me.
It's a man's world, Mr. Booker.
I just thought, as long as you're here, it would be nice for you to relax into the place a little.
(understanding) Well... It's beautiful country, I'll give you that.
Ha... if you've never lived in a city with museums, theater, music, restaurants, uh... god, a million things, then it's something I can't explain.
But Lucy just Fedexed me all the material and it'll be approved by the end of the day.
Thank you.
That must have been pretty special.
I don't say, "Well, I plowed into a tree."
I'd say, "The sun was in my eyes."
He'd be grateful, he'd take real good care with you.
(watches her ride) Good...
You have a nice seat.
Thank you.
Ha... Diane takes care of the books.
Thank you.
Grace, show them.
I'm going to put the coffee on.
I'll help you with the coffee.
I'd love to go there one time...
Frank loves in there.
Don't be such a baby!
Say good night and thank you... Dinner was delicious.
Thank you.
(to Twins) Say thank you!! Sorry, ma'am, I thank you for dinner.
Grace, I don't hate your father.
Because I'm your daughter which means you're the best mother!
Okay, Grace... (click) Operator?... I'm ready.
Judith was telling me about this boy she really liked.
I don't think the why so's important as... what we do with what we get.
Great kid.
He'd gone swimming and dived headfirst into a rock.
I think that damn horse loved you so much, he was trying to protect you... That's what I think.
The one makes my wife here so friendly.
(affectionately) You know, you're a good kid.
Must be nice for you to take a few days off from your work, huh?
Well, I have more than a few days, ha, ha...
No, it's more like a leave of- (stops) Ha, ha, ha.
I fell in love.
Frank's a good man.
He's a good man, Tom is.
He's got a gift, come from heaven above, I swear.
It's a pleasure.
I'm very grateful for the way you took in my girls here.
(hugging Grace) And I'm very grateful to you.
Amazing.
I'm going food-shopping.
Well, I am going to go after lunch.
Your fella's already shown us he likes a good fight.
It'll be OK, Grace.
Please!
(they laugh) Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr. MacLean.
Thank you again for all your kindness.
Promise.
(Annie waits; he smiles) See, I always knew I loved you more.
I always felt lucky... a little amazed... that such a vibrant, beautiful woman would want to be with a man like me...
(smiles) But you don't know how you feel about me.
What's the matter, honey?
I made good time.
(to Grace) Pilgrim's in the back.
Great!
Born and raised right here, he's as typical a New Yorker as anyone you'll ever meet.
I'm Jim's lawyer and quote, best friend, unquote.
Jim's one of those bright young men from Yale.
Advertising business, lovely wife, two fine kids, makes almost fifteen thousand a year.
Seven magic words that shine like a beacon light for the American housewife!
It was just another of those wonderful crisp September mornings and the Blandings were still asleep.
Thank you, dear.
(sipping coffee) Well, they must be somewhere.
Well, thanks a lot! Jim, I do wish you'd make an effort to be a little less clumsy.
That's silly.
Hurry up, dear, you'll be late for breakfast.
You remember, Bunny Funkhauser, that clever young interior decorator we met at the Collins' cocktail party?
Good morning.
Good morning, Mr. Funkhauser.
But everything in good taste.
So nice of you to come.
(puts Funkhauser's hat on his head) Good day.
Good morning, Mr. Blandings.
(briefly) 'Morning.
First year she was built, General Gates stopped right here to water his horses.
Well -- It is a nice old house.
It's wonderful, Jim!
(pleased) Well, you don't say.
Nice timin', Eph.
It's built on a mast like a tent and it revolves with the sun.
Oh, it... revolves... with the sun?
When a new model comes out you trade the old one in like a used car.
(with pride) Well, it wasn't much, Bill.
That doesn't make this a good buy.
I want it," and if it costs a few pennies more you pay it -- and gladly -- because you love it and you can't measure the things you love in dollars and cents!
And when I sign those papers Saturday, I can look the world in the face and say, "It's mine!
It's a good thing there are two of you -- one to love it and one to hold it up.
I've got a client, crackerjack structural engineer, Joe Apollonio; he practically built the George Washington Bridge single-handed.
Thanks a lot, but we're not building a bridge.
(a skeptical look at the roof) No thanks, I'll just stay out in the car and listen to "Life Can Be Beautiful."
(tactfully) Which, of course, might be very warm in winter, but otherwise of doubtful utility.
(wry smile) There's a good local house wrecker.
There's one good thing about getting that old relic down.
But we've got the nicest vacant lot in the state of Connecticut.
Honey, you heard Simms.
(reading) "Historical Society Blasts Vandalism!"
What's so funny.
(laughing) Prutty.
(laughs) Bildad Prutty!
(looks up, laughs scornfully) Read on, father.
(herding the kids toward the door) Girls, say your good nights and off to bed without another word.
(reluctantly) Good night, Mr. Simms.
Good night.
Good night, Muriel.
Good night, Bill.
What a wonderful friend.
Just because a man is helpful in a business way, it doesn't give him extra-curricular privileges with my wife!
That's a fine thing to say about a friend of fifteen years!
Well -- it -- it doesn't look right.
There are limits to friendship and -- Darling, let's not be silly about this.
He's digging our well.
Is that good?
That's good.
That's good?
On a hot day there's nothing like a nice cool limestone shower.
(he smiles, nods, tips his hat to Muriel) Just got to be patient.
If you ask me, this project's getting a little out of hand.
Say that's wonderful!
(to Bill) We've finally got our well.
(drily) Congratulations.
(listens; then, grimly) I'll be right out.
Well, no offense, Mr. Blandings, but my boy friend says that anybody who builds a house today is crazy.
You stick with that boy, he's got a great future.
That's the breakfast nook.
It's Saturday, mister.
(preoccupied) That's nice.
He's only being helpful.
(to Joan) Another word and you don't get your laboratory.
(listens a moment; then with rising emotion) Now you listen to me!
So-came thirty days -- and they moved.
Well, there she is, bright and shining -- and just about complete -- the residence of Mr. and Mrs. James H. Blandings.
Watch that sacroiliac.
Whew! Nice work, Tarzan.
Mm. (handing him a sample) The best sample I could get is a little too yellow, but don't let whoever mixes it go to the other extreme and get it too blue.
(sudden inspiration) I tell you, Mr. PeDelford, if you'll just send one of your workmen to the A&P for a pound of their best butter and match it exactly, you can't go wrong.
Not the little greenish dots near the hollyhock leaf, but the little bluish dot between the rosebud and the delphinium blossom.
Somewhere between a healthy Winesap and an unripened Jonathan.
Not till the Commuter's Special tomorrow morning at six-fifteen.
The seven- fifteen only runs Saturdays, Sundays and holidays.
You'd better hurry!
Just four walls and a couple of mothballs, but to me it'll always be home.
It's certainly going to be fun this summer when Uncle Bill comes up for his vacation.
(examining them) Funny, this one says W.C. on the back.
It's not a very nice thing to do! (shooting them out) Now go in there and help Gussie with the table.
You were in love with Bill Cole! Don't be absurd!
In those days I was in love with a new man every week.
(same) Why do I love you so much?
(breathless) Darling, it's awfully late.
(kissing her ear) What for?
(reluctantly) Goodnight, dear.
You'd better send out for coffee and sandwiches,...
I rather got the impression it had better be good.
(raised eyebrow) Oh. (ruminatively, almost to himself) Funny how you look forward to the little things.
For a month now, I guess I've been looking forward to the first rainy night at the house.
(with relief) Thank heavens!
Friend of the family.
Girls'll spend the night over at her place.
Thank you.
Can I make you a cup of tea? No, thanks.
Friend of the family.
Goodnight... and thanks so much.
(simply) You'll just have to spend the night right here.
(smile) Don't worry, Snow White, you'll be as pure and unsullied in the morning as you were the night before.
(with resignation) That's the story of my life.
You'd better buy Wham!" It's Boyle Petroleum.
I'm delighted.
'Morning, everybody.
You'd better get breakfast started.
(lamely) Well.
Good day.
Maybe I'm thinking I was once a happy man! (the martyr) I didn't have a closet, I didn't have three bathrooms, but I did have my sanity, a few dollars in the bank, two children who loved me and a wife I could trust!
That's a fine thing to say!
(near tears) You love this house!
Against every boy and girl who were ever in love! (sharply) What do you want?! (shyly) Well, Mr. Blandings, there's a matter of twelve dollars and eighty-six cents.
Help yourself!
'Morning, everybody!
Ooh, they got tapioca.
I love tapioca.
Oh, yes.
The rumble -- it's tonight!
I loved my father.
Trust me -- nobody's lookin' forward to me being out.
Thursday's meatloaf night.
Trust me.
(smiles) You know, Giuliani started this way.
Yeah, that's what I've been jerkin' off about for eight hundred consecutive nights -- a nice home- cooked meal.
Good.
(smiling) Ben? (quickly) Paul?
Oh, great.
It's good for them.
Oh, sporting goods.
I love lox and bagels.
Actually, she might have been the love of my life, but my mother broke it up.
Makin' new friends.
You look good, Doc.
New trial.
Paulie, great to see you! You're lookin' good, kid.
He was a good man.
Do me a favor, honey -- make me a sandwich.
I'm not afraid of you, Mr. Oh-I'm-A-Great-Big-Mobster Man.
My heart's beatin' like a rabbit.
Lot of parties, loud music -- lepers.
You don't need this in your life -- especially not now.
But it's worth it for the authenticity.
They used to watch the show up at Sing Sing.
Ben, Paul Vitti is important to this family.
Another grand.
My hand to God.
You're a good friend, Paul.
(to Patty) Enjoy your visit with us.
It's good to have you back, Paul.
(kisses Vitti on the cheek) We'll be in touch.
Yeah, that's good!
Come on -- you were great.
Broad daylight's the best time.
You can see better.
Yeah, that's James Bond and the 'Sea Hunt' guy in there, so they got a pretty good shot.
That was good.
That's great.
Look how handsome you look in that suit.
It wasn't as bad as it sounds.
Yeah, but he's an amazing lout, isn't he?
I love you.
Little Darling's in Queens.
Jelly! (yelling over music) Hey, Doc.
You better get out of here.
I found this guy listening at the door.
You were good.
Have a little respect!
You happy now?
I loved him, too.
Well, if you ever change your mind -- (kisses him) Good luck, Paul.
She's just happy to have 'the Wrench' out of the way.
He thanked me for tipping him off about the gold.
You're good, you.
You are good.
You got a gift, my friend.
I have a gift.
So -- happy ending, huh?
Hey, Doc! (sings) 'There's a place for us -- ' (sings) 'A time and place for us -- ' (joins in) 'Hold my hand we're halfway there -- ' 'Hold my hand and I'll take you there.
You're both a couple of fucking no talents that got lucky.
And obviously your handlers or hangers- on convinced you that your first comic was good which it was not it was thoroughly mediocre with a few spiky bits of dialogue.
Kiss it,		Banky the Hack.
He said Kiss it!
I love this book man!
I love these guys!
Always some white boy gotta invoke the holy trilogy'!
Nubian God.
Don't make me bust a cap in your ass, yo! Jedi's the most insulting installment, because Vader's beautiful,		black visage is sullied when he pulls off his mask to reveal a feeble, crusty white man!
When you say if it sounds so sexy... (he kisses Banky full on the lips) (wipes his lips) Hey, hey! I'll play your victim, but not your catcher.
How is it that you sound like Minister Farakhan when you're on stage.. ...and the King of Pop when you're nor.
Look out, boys - this kitten has a whip.
That's what my father said when I came - nay - leapt out of the closet (off guys) These boys do Bluntman and Chronic', which outsells both of our books put together, hence they're never on a panel with the likes of us.
They slumming right now.
I've read your book.
Chick stuff, but cute.
(shaking her hand) I really enjoy your book I'm surprised we've never met at any other Con's before.
Archie and the Riverdale gang were a pure and fun- lovin' bunch.
Started back in third grade - a nun was teaching us about the Blessed Trinity.
Please.
Limited to wine-tasting prior to mass.
(beat) That's a love story!! Yes, and here's why: my mother's uncle rode that train every day for the rest of his life.
He donated the fortune he'd acquired to the train station in Pittsburgh, to have a well-lit terminal built.
That's my love story.
And tell your friend to calm down.
(not looking up) This is one of the best street lights you've ever drawn.
Thanks.
How does one man get to be so funny!
(brings his two pointer fingers together) We shared a moment.
And in that moment, one thing was made abundantly clear: this girl loves me, my friend.
Loves-me.
Why is it you can never get a decent drink in these places!
The mall! Eden Prairie of Menlo Park!
(does an impromptu tap dance) That was the Buffalo Two-Step.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Uh-oh - better knock it off: we're getting a man excited.
I want to dance.
I want to dance with you.
Please.
I'm sure you don't love every girl you sleep with.
Not the smell - the smell is good.
(as Simon Bar Sinister) Money and Power, and Money and Power... (joins in) Money dnd Power, and Money and... (interrupting) I don't think it's a good idea.
As the guy who created Bluntman and Chronic!
Please.
I'm also learned in the ways of the heart, and can offer you this advice - nail her, get it out of your system, and move on.
Like we say at Sloss Law - good fences make good neighbors.
(laughing) She's gay?
That's great, isn't it?
Well it's the same thing.
We're going to a convention, for the love of God.
(leafing through mags) Variety's the spice of life.
His master's voice.
(looks at kid then books) Do you Like horsies?
I'm at a friend's - in the Village.
You're so easy.
(off book) Wow.
They're fun.
Listen to me - I'm not going.
The higher the score, the more prize tickets you get.
Trade them in for prizes that aren't worth nearly as much as you paid to play the game.
It's fun.
She's new at this. (to OC) Thank you.
(pulling out pencil) I'm starting a new page.
We're friends.
Pleased to meet you.
(laughs) Yeah, right.
It'll be a constant reminder - not just of tonight, but of our introduction, the building of our friendship, everything.
Make no mistake about it my Friend - it's a gift to you, from me, so you'll always remember us.
I love you.
(beat) You love me.
I love you.
And not in a friendly way, although I think we're great friends.
I love you.
I can't talk to you without wanting to express my love for everything you are.
There isn't another soul on this fucking planet who's ever made me the person I am when I'm with you, and I would risk this friendship for the chance to take it to the next plateau.
No, it's unfortunate that you're in love with me.
Oh, it's that simple?
You fall in love with me and want a romantic relationship, nothing changes for you with the exception of feeling hunky- dorey all the time.
(he kisses her and exits) Catholic school girls.
The way the world is - how seldom you meet that one person who gets you... it's so rare.
What luster?
I'm the queen of urban legend!
But it seemed to make you feel special in a way that me telling you over and over again how incredible you are would never get across.
And kiss my grits.
Business, yo.
Good.
There's millions of people out there that'd love to see themselves in a comic book.
That's baby-talk.
(slaps his hand) It's a big world, g - but we're bound to run into you again.
Banky - there's friction between us for the first time in our lives.
That's a nice way of putting it.
(takes a deep breath) You're in love with me.
Deal with it.
And when I did some serious soul- searching, it came at me from out of nowhere, and suddenly it all made sense - a calm came over me.
And it'll be with you, which'll make it that much more powerful.
And Banky - you can cake that leap that everyone else but you sees that you should take.
And it'll be okay, because it'll be with me - your best friend for years.
We've been everything to each other but intimates.
Because you'll have shared in something beautiful with the woman I love.
I thought this was your dream come true.
Nobody says you have to be like me.
We better go.
I think square rigs look so much more romantic.
Make us proud.
Hey, hey!! That's my stuff!! Well Ricky boy, spear gun or no, it's sweet to be back in the world of rum and honey.
Well, Romeo here was on harbor watch and managed to sweet talk one of the local girls to have a go in the bowsprit.
Home sweet hell on the water.
"That this same child of honor and renown, This gallant Hotspur, this all praised knight, And your unthought-of Harry chance to meet.
For the time will come... ... That I shall make this northern youth exchange, his glorious deeds for my indignities."
B-o-r-i-n-g.
Alright, listen up.
Everybody swims.
(to Bill) You gonna swim for your breakfast?
"Down, down beneath the deep, That oft in triumph bore him, He sleeps a sound and peaceful sleep, With the salt waves dashing over him."
Everybody swims.
It beckons in the wind and sings in the shrouds.
Why'd you jump?
Thanks daddy-o.
Good afternoon.
Doesn't inspire a lot of confidence.
And dolphins too.
Northeast sir! Unfurl the squares!
Raise the inner jib! Raise the forestaysail!
He's a better sailor today than any ten of you will be when this is all over.
Excellent point.
Respect her, and we'll do fine.
"That deep browed Homer"... Brilliant, seasoned, wise, of the mind; "... ruled as his demesne."
(pause) That is what one of the greatest literary minds of modern times, Mr. Boutillier, has to say about Homer.
Friendship, community, self sacrifice and accountability.
It is a philosophical handbook for life!
My brother and I used to climb to the top of this old beech tree in the back yard and watch the moon come up just like this.
Well Gieg, I'm glad to see I'm not the only guy on this boat that can take a little rock'n roll.
Everyone out of the rigging NOW! Everybody down!
We blew the inner!
Ladies, gentlemen and hermaphrodites, Mr. Corry and I are happy to announce the grand opening of Trans-Border Enterprises.
Get me out!!! Get me out!!! Oh my god!! It's a... (calmly) Shark.
Whoops.
It's a good sail boys.
Thank you, sir.
Bein' here together an all... Christ, I'm gonna choke on 'feel good'... Why are you such a penis Phil.
I have arranged to host a good will cruise for the Dutch students of the local school there.
(to Terry) Joy, rapture...
We'll sail in the morning.
My brother.
(announcing) Relax everybody.
Because if you don't, I'm gonna go right up there and have a heart to heart with Skipper and you'll be on the first plane back to idiotville.
They were gonna put me into special- ed this year.
When the sun came up there was whisky in the cup/ and not one of us was sober/ Kerry thought she saw a picture, but it really was the sun/ then we knew the party was over... Curacao seemed out of a dream, somehow make-believe.
And I knew that each of us was falling in love.
We were falling in love with the experience we were sharing, and with who we were becoming.
Have a good time tonight but be back on time.
Was it you who taught all of these young ladies the art of the dance?
Humor me.
He would have loved this.
On the deck of the Yankee, the night you asked me to marry you.
He'll listen to you Chuck.
We're the luckiest people alive, every one of us.
Someday you'll understand that, and if you're lucky, you'll come home and find your best friend has been there all along waiting for you to forgive him for being a father.
We were idealists.
Well, he better learn to own it.
Have a nice time in Curacao, did you Tod?
As we rode the trades, he shared the ancient secrets of how to read the waves and follow stars.
Only when you have been duly initiated shall you enjoy the mysteries and protection of the trident.
Like Darwin before us, we would witness the bliss of nature in the absence of man.
Well gentlemen, I have the results of your college board scores.
I think most of you will be pleased.
Congratulations.
(excited) You know?
Thank you.
You're strong, you listen and you see things in people the rest of us can't.
It's a gift.
Thor's had his fun.
Alice, get up!! Come on girl!! Get out!! Get out!! Jesus Christ, please God, Alice get out!!! Bill, you go.
That sound good?
That's right, we didn't.
The papers are going to eat you alive.
They need it to be simple.
Easy for you to say.
It was coming four points off the bow, Terry.
That's right, that's right!
(white hot) I don't think one second of this is funny, sir.
This is easy.
(smiling) You tell them Chuck.
You're the one about five ten with the killer smile and the baby face.
And the brown eyes.
You're the handsome one.
Thank you, handsome.
My pleasure.
It was fun while it lasted.
Nice lady.
Thanks.
My pleasure.
Thank you, soldier.
That nice lady.
And by the way, it's not Paddy.
Nice to meet you, Fergus.
My pleasure, Jody Take it easy, now.
Will you hold my hands for me.
Now, that was worth waiting for.
It's amazing how these small details take on such importance... Now put it back in.
Thank you.
I had a case of the clap two years ago.
Thanks.
Didn't make you laugh?
Good morning, Fergus?
Braves the waters.
Scorpion replies, "I can't help it, it's in my nature."
The scorpion does what is in his nature.
You're a good man, Fergus.
Help me.
When I was a child... Yeah?
Hurling -- What? Hurling -- Come on, Fergie -- you can do it -- a bit more wind -- Bit of fun, Fergus, eh? Told you I was fast -- Don't do it.
We're closing.
Nice laugh.
That should make her happy.
Now he can look.... Ask him does he like his hair, Col.
C'mon, babe!
Thanks.
Good thing in a man.
An excellent quality.
How quaint.
Well, come on!
Who knows the secrets of the human heart.
Thank you.
Charming.
Then you're to go home, like a good boy.
Come on, honey.
Darling, you shouldn't have.
You got a special friend, Jimmy?
How special?
Must be in love to manage that.
I was only going to ask her for a dance.
Did he dance with you?
Did he ever tell you you were beautiful?
Off his wages.
Give it over, Dil -- Apologies, my sweet.
See, I was always best looking after someone.
Be a good girl and go inside.
Happy now?
She likes me.
Why, honey -- Come on.
He being nice to you, Dil? Ever so nice.
That's good.
I'm glad.
Young love, as they say.
The younger the better.
He's in love.
You in love?
Good.
He visits his ladies on Tuesday and Thursday nights and Saturday mornings.
Thank God for that.
Good.
You promise?
I promise.
Tools of the trade.
I like you, Dil -- Give me a bit more, baby, a bit more.
More endearments.
I like you, DIl Love me.
Tell me you love me.
Love you, Dil.
I promise.
Now, the white ones are magnesium supplement -- Stop it, Dil -- I've got to keep you healthy, Jimmy.
I'm counting the days.
Fergus my love, light of my life - - Please, Dil -- Can't help it.
As the man said, it's in my nature.
Well, there was this scorpion, you see.
She said they was my magic shoes.
His legs are strong, Mrs. Gump.
Now, when I was a baby, Momma named me after the great Civil War hero, General Nathan Bedford Forrest...
Momma said that the Forrest part was to remind me that sometimes we all do things that, well, just don't make no sense.
That's how me and Mommy got money.
Mommy was a real smart lady.
Forrest is right here.
Momma said not to be taking rides from strangers.
Well, now we ain't strangers anymore.
But, I do remember the first time I heard the sweetiest voice... ...in the wide world.
I had never seen anything so beautiful in my life.
They're my magic shoes.
"...a good little monkey and..."
She was my most special friend.
My only friend.
Get the bikes!
You'd better come back here, girl!
She went to live with her grandma just over on Creekmore Avenue, which made me happy 'cause she was so close.
Say, wasn't that Gump? (on TV) NBC News will present a special program on the Alabama integration story at 7:30 p.m. tonight... Naw, that couldn't be.
Is it the number 9? No, it's the number 4. It was nice talkin' to you.
Shh! Do you ever dream, Forrest, about who you're gonna be?
The weatherman says that rain's gonna fall all night long so stay with us, get warm, get cozy, get under the covers to the cool sounds of WHHY.
Congratulations.
Congratulations, son.
Momma was proud.
Forrest, I'm so proud of you.
Congratulations, son.
So Bubba was from Bayou La Batre, Alabama, and his momma cooked shrimp.
And her momma before her momma cooked shrimp, too.
Godamnit, Gump! You're a goddamned genius!
On a good day, you can catch over a hundred pounds of shrimp.
This is a new company record.
Nighttime in the Army is a lovely time.
"My baby does the hanky-panky..." But that wasn't a bad thing.
Because a man who owns a theater in Memphis, Tennessee, saw those photo and offered Jenny a job singing in a show.
Good job, Amber.
And now, for your listening and viewing pleasure, direct from Hollywood, California, our very own beatnik beauty, let's give a big round of applause to the luscious Bobbie Dylan.
(sings) "Yes, and how many seas must the white dove said, before she sleeps in the sand."
Hey, come on, baby.
Ooh, they're red, white and blue.
They tell me these Vietnams is good shrimp.
Morning', sir! Ho! Get your hands down.
Welcome to Fourth Platoon.
Yeah, well, you better tuck that in.
Where you boys from in the world?
He was from a long, great military tradition.
Little Rock's a fine town.
One, take good care of your feet.
I got to see a lot of countryside.
Look alive out there.
The good thing about Vietnam is there was always someplace to go.
Bubba was my best good friend.
Oh, yes sir.
The only good thing about being wounded in the buttocks... ...is the ice cream.
A good friend of mine was in the bed right next door.
It's time for your bath, Lieutenant.
Good catch, Gump.
Give me that!
It was the happiest moment of my life.
Hey man, he's cool.
This is my good friend I told you about.
Wesley and I live together in Berkeley, and he's the president of the Berkeley chapter of Let me tell you something else.
That uniform is a trip, Forrest.
You look handsome in it.
I'm glad we were here together in our national capitol.
(sings) "Smile on your brother, everybody get together, try to love on another right now" Hey, anybody want to go to San Francisco?
Things got a little out of hand.
Why're you so good to me? You're my girl.
I stayed with Lieutenant Dan and celebrated the holidays.
You have a great year and hurry home.
God bless you.
Well, kiss my crippled ass.
God is listening.
He'd be the captain of the shrimpin' boat and I'd be his first mate.
Well, I tell you what, Gilligan, the day that you are a shrimp boat captain, I will come and be your first mate.
Who's your friend?
That's at Times Square.
Don't you just love New Year's?
It's funny, but in the middle of all that fun, I began to think about Jenny.
(on television) ...getting wild out there.
Wondering how she was spending her New Year's night out in California.
Happy New Year! (sing) "Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind... Happy New Year, Lieutenant Dan! (sing) Should auld acquaintance be forgot and days of auld lang syne."
What's the matter, baby?
Oh, you look good, Forrest.
So I went on down to Bayou La Batre to meet Bubba's family and make their introduction.
Well, that's what's left after me saying, "When I was in China on the All-America Ping-Pong Team, I just loved playing ping-pong with my Flex- O-Ping-Pong Paddle."
A couple of more, you can have yourself a cocktail.
The most beautiful name in the wide world.
And I hoped that whatever she was doing made her happy.
Well, you ain't got no legs, Lieutenant Dan.
After that, shrimpin' was easy.
So, I gave a whole bunch of it to the Four Square Gospel Church.
I gave Bubba's mommy Bubba's share.
Smells wonderful!
It was wonderful having her home.
Every day we'd take a walk, and I'd jabber on like a monkey in a tree.
And she'd listen about ping-pong and shrimpin' boats and Momma makin' a trip to heaven.
Every day I'd pick pretty flowers and put them in her room for her.
New shoes.
And, well, we was like family... Jenny and me.
And it was the happiest time of my life.
I'd make a good husband, Jenny.
I'm not a smart man, but I know what love is.
Forrest, I do love you.
For the fourth time on his journey across America, Forrest Gump, a gardener from Greenbow, Alabama, is about to cross the Mississippi River again today.
Are you doing this for world peace?
Hey, man, hey, listen.
Listen, I'm in the bumper sticker business and I've been trying to think up a good slogan.
It was nice talking' to you.
Listen, Forrest.
This is an old friend from Alabama.
Thanks.
He's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
Oh, great.
Hey, Bert, can you give me a hand?
Well, it's the first stage.
It's planning to write a story, Bert.
You got new legs.
New legs!
Yeah, I got new legs.
My favorite book.
I wanted to tell you I love you.
I love you too, Daddy.
Okay, make it short and sweet.
(singing) "Here comes the Wolfman--Wolfman Jack!" Oh, We're gonna rock and roll ourselves to death baby.
Where is the dazzling beauty I've been searching for all my life?
A cherry-vanilla coke and a chocolate mountain.
Anyway, how can you love Nelson when he's going out with Marilyn Gator.
You talk, I'll listen.
That pulls in the moon, the sky and the planets... and the satellites and the little bitty space men.
I think she said, "I love you."
You got nothing to fear, I'm as harmless as a baby kitten.
Listen, listen.
I want to dance now, not at Christmas.
No, this is getting good.
I'll dance with you, Eddie.
Help me, will you?
I mean, if old Mr. Simpson came in here and saw me dancing with one of you sexy little--excuse me... one of you young ladies, he'd have my rear end.
(grinning) Cute.
(smiling and nodding) One semester.
Experience life.
(She smiles at Curt.) Hi, Curt.
The Beach Boys, baby, a brand new group.
So the next night we found out where they parked and went out with ammunition.
Hey, watch it will ya!
Wow--bitchin' tuck and roll.
I love it when guys peel out.
Your father--great!
Great.
(smiling at her) Well, you mind if I come along?
(affectionately) Okay.
Why don't you go kiss a duck.
I said go kiss a duck, marblehead.
(smiling broadly) I graduated last semester.
Eat your heart out.
Well, she's his wife.
But she was young and beautiful, and cruising 10th Street.
I've been silly.
I'm glad you're going to stay.
Kip, baby, what's up?
Not much, just wanted to let you know that Bobbie here is hopelessly in love with you and trembles at the sight of your rippling biceps...
It was nice seeing you again.
See ya.
Thanks for nothing.
(smiling at Al) Been hittin' me all night.
Yeah... well, I'll see ya on Monday before noon.
Board of Education was so impressed they filmed it.
I'd love to see you race.
Funny... (he looks at her for a moment) Who knows, in a few years--but not now, bunny rabbit.
Bunny rabbit!
It's a perfect night to go horseback riding-- I was going with a guy once who had a horse.
I used to have a couple of horses myself.
Yep, they were good ponies--hunting ponies.
Oh, boy, I love you, Wolfman.
(singing over) "Wolfman Jack."
Hey, terrific, I love miniature golf.
These are my friends.
Well, listen, Hank Anderson's inside.
We are all proud of you, Curt.
The Moose Scholarship couldn't have gone to a better boy.
Oh, well... Wonderful.
You can have all the fun you want.
This place is for fun.
Thank you.
Thank you both.
Good.
It was nice to meet yuh.
Oh, great.
It's a good thing too.
Well, go ahead, cream me.
Over on Ramona, why? (She suddenly smiles) Oh no.
Look kid, why don't you go out and win a few races, then come back and see me.
Wow! He's really fast, isn't he? Yeah.
Feels so good 'cause you're sweet sixteen.
All night you've been sitting there and you've been so sexy and it's been so hot--and I can't wait any more... Well--well, a lot of that's an act, you know.
Well, it's been building up inside of me like a volcano, all night.
231 Ramona--two three one-- (smiling) Two three one-- I'll show you!
What's so funny?
Listen, I'm off in an hour.
Listen, I gave up a long time ago, so it'd be just for fun.
I'll see ya later then.
The night's young.
I'll see ya.
Thanks.
Now, easy will you?
You're talking to the woman I love... What happened, man?
Help...
You got to cruise easy, baby.
You think so? Yeah--well I guess I have pretty much fun every night.
That'd be great.
Thanks.
You just follow this street straight out of town... Listen, if you're gonna race John Milner, you can let me out right when we get there.
Why don't you shut up, baby?
Figured something was up, saw them going out of town real cautious and then-- I got a dedication here that's for a friend of the Wolfman--a special friend of the Wolfman who's leaving town tomorrow and wants me to play the next song for a blonde young lady in a Thunderbird.
Everybody ready?
Please.
It was beautiful, John.
It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen.
(grinning) Right.
A white '56.
(excitedly) It's important to me.
You're the most perfect, beautiful creature I've ever seen and I don't know anything about you.
She laughs and kisses him and they disappear into each other.
JENNA, the teenage baby-sitter, sees right through them.
Thanks.
John reacts: "Oh God." Lara's smile broadens; she kisses him.
Satisfied, she sits and watches her son sleep.
Smile.
Lara kisses John, puts an alien-looking electric toothbrush on the table & walks off to pour coffee to go.
Present.
(as if stung) I love brushing my teeth.
Yesterday, for his birthday!
I sent him flowers and a handmade card.
Mom said Happy Birthday and my father went .
I give up.
Meyer's looking for a new investigator.
But it's going to be fine.
I promise.
Good?
Thanks.
Thanks.
Please.
They won't have your photograph yet, but they will have your description.
You untied it again!
We met briefly.
Oh, that's nice.
I promise.
Exactly what miracle are we hoping for, John?
Mouss finally grabs John's hair and flicks a knife in his face as Harv searches his pockets and finds his money.
John limps to the front door and opens it to see Eugenie, his realtor, standing with a nice couple.
(to Luke) Give Grandma a kiss.
Luke is staring at him.
Mike smiles at John's bravado.
I'll bring them Wednesday.
Mike stares at him.
John stares back.
The man sees him and stares back.
John puts the dish down, and we see the bump key is gone -- John palmed it.
The camera stays on his face until we finally hear A DEAFENING ALARM.
He finally snatches the photo he's looking for.
And right over the phrase FIND THE KEY he pins the photo of a delivery van from a medical laboratory.
John brings up Lara's form in Photoshop on his laptop and erases the hand-written numbers in the test results boxes.
Time for bed.
Lara kisses him; looks in his eyes.
He sees the despair behind the smile.
A guard opens the bank door for a departing customer, smiles and heads back inside.
David kneels with great difficulty.
Stop it!! (smiles thru pain) See?
They kiss.
He digs his hand into the small jar of coins his dad gave him and starts stuffing them in his pants pocket.
John stands with Luke, who holds a hand-wrapped gift.
Luke knocks at the front door of a lovely small house.
Thanks.
Good to see you.
(hands her present) It's a pony.
She stares at him, having never seen him like this before.
You said the party was here.
Time to destination: eleven minutes.
I promise.
It is our pleasure.
Did you have a nice time at the party?
What was your favorite thing?
Ice cream cake.
They had ice cream cake here?
She turns and smiles at the officer, putting on all her charm.
He looks at them, looks at the passports again, then finally waves them through.
Thank you.
He taps on it -- and up comes photographs of LARA and JOHN.
Thank you.
And he thinks of his grandson and smiles.
He's my brother.
Piggyback ride?
Piggyback ride.
From that moment on the guys at school looked at me in a whole new light.
Mom! Well he was watching you undress with a silly grin on his face.
It's not the end of the world.
No, no, no, I'll be fine.
Teddy, be brave.
Yeah, but he was successful.
I'm going to fix you up with my new assistant.
Finish your swing.
Good-looking?
Thanks, baby.
TED (cont'd) It must be great with a wife like that.
Each day is better than the next.
Crushes don't last twelve years.
Well why don't you look her up?
Thanks.
You should thank me--that girl was not easy to find.
Not for me, buddy.
Well good for you, Sull, I'm proud of you.
This is a light beer.
Now I don't want to hear anymore of your happy horseshit.
It's an important job, Neighborhood Watch is.
Thanks.
Yeah, that'd be a good deal for you, wouldn't it?
Listen to this one--'Seeking sensitive Wasp doctor to share candlelit dinners, long walks in Coconut Grove, marriage.'
No, it should be 'a hockey player with great pecs.' Ugh, not pecs.
HEALY (cont'd) Oh sweet Jesus I've got some very, very good news for you, my friend.
(smiles) So she hasn't changed?
Got it from her bookie--nice guy.
Thanks, Healy.
Good work.
Good good.
It'll heal.
What's so funny?
Don't you see? You're you've been in therapy thinking you blew it with the greatest girl ever, and it turns out that getting your dick stuck in your zipper was the best thing that ever happened to you! Wait a second, I never told you that.
Amen to that.
Thanks.
Yeah, it's fun for them, but it's heaven for me.
I'm going to the corner to get a cup of coffee.
Where was he? Out getting coffee.
LALONDE (cont'd) What a babe... Babe?
Mary's a babe!
She does have a little gambling problem, she plays the football cards a bit too much, but she's a babe, a surgeon babe!
Good lookin'?
It's about a young kid and an old lady who fall in love.
Wow, I've never seen him like this.
In Nepal the villagers call me 'Kin-tan-tee', which means 'man who is loved by many animals... (babbling) ...who love him a lot, too...and so on.'
(CALLING out) Great.
Healy gets to his feet and peeks All I had was some Funny Bones--how does that sound, honey?
(petting dog) Fine.
We will, but first I have a surprise.
Nice smokescreen, isn't it?
Good for you.
Bingo.
That sounds great.
We'll be right back with more of our special edition of That grandmother of yours--she's really something.
Yeah, I think it's that dog of hers running around on the rug all day--just makes for a lot of lint.
Start fresh in a new place, quit the architect game, slow things down, read more books, see more movies... You're a movie buff?
I know it's corny, but I do love it.
Good morning, Doctor.
Your friend Tucker's in your office to see you.
- smiles.
Oh yeah, they look great.
No no, the bigger the better.
(beat) But I must say, they could be a little brighter.
(smiles) Come on, what are you doing here?
He's a nice guy, isn't he? Well that's what I'm trying to figure out.
Not long at all, but I really like him.
He gave me this funny vibe.
(small smile) I appreciate you looking out for me.
Hey, watch your mouth--she's a great gal.
Good, Ted.
(bitter) No, it was a good thing.
Funny story.
Well you look great.
(smiles) God, I cannot believe I'm standing here with Mary Jenson.
I'd really love to, Ted, but the thing is I already have plans.
Love?
Come on, I wouldn't call it love.
Ted Peloquin--one of the sweetest guys in the world.
He No!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MARY (V.O.) (cont'd) We're gonna go out tonight.
Oh, Magda, I let my head get in the way of my love life.
They love that.
You look great.
Thanks.
Oh great, I ran out.
I...I love her.
Thanks, that's great.
Thank God I have friends like Tucker.
(big smile) Let's talk about you.
(matter-of-factly) Friend.
(smiling) What are you?
(pleased) Yeah?
I love my practice, the people I work with, Warren's got a nice thing going (joking) Why don't you just move down here and marry me?
Well good for you.
Well, funny story there.
He's in love with Mary, too.
Why can't I ever get the great girl?
It was time for me...time for me...to be happy.
You two should be kissing my balls--if it wasn't for me, she might've married that schmuck!
Well...thank you.
(excited) That's what I want to tell ya.
(cautious) That's great, Woogie, I'm happy you're better--you seem...good--but...you put me through quite an ordeal, you know.
DOM (cont'd) God above, on everything that is holy to me, I did not steal your shoes.
He loves Warren...and from what he just told me on the phone, he loves you, too.
That's right, Mare.
But that's not real love...Thank you for letting me see that.
Thanks.
But I think I'd be happiest...with you.
Mary....Oh Mary, I love you.
I love you too, Ted.
Thank God.
Happy anniversary, baby.
Happy anniversary.
If you please now... It's yours.
I love you.
Most beautiful woman in the world.
I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world.
Kiss my eyes.
Kiss the back of my knees.
We're great.
For good.
It was the only chance I had to meet her.
You invited her to our anniversary party?
I adore him.
You only made half your quote this year.
Listen, I love you.
He's like a rock star in London.
(kisses his cheek) We'll be fine.
Did he promise?
Scout's honor.
(to fill the silence, conspiratorial grin) I love gifts.
Good.
Congratulations on the deal.
How exciting.
Did you read the new Styron?
(a moment) I understand you won the Booker Prize.
I adore you.
Well, hello you two.
(kisses her cheek and shakes his hand) No, he's absolutely right.
Not for me, thanks.
Oh? (takes the gift) Thank you.
We keep him in at night.
Well today it was Otis.
Yes, great!
It's a beautiful house.
Thank you.
Well, whoever did this is amazing.
(kisses Sally's cheek) Otis is home.
(re: the gifts) Where can I put these?
(a wide professionally ingratiating smile) So nice...
(pleased) Oh. (to Sally) I have a four-thirty call.
Thanks for coming.
Happy anniversary.
You're a good match, you two.
Please?
(respectful of the talent) It's beautiful, thank you so much.
I love you, Gina Taylor.
(pleased) You think so!? I've been working out a lot since the baby.
I'm glad that's all over for me.
Amazing with kids.
I'd love a Xanex.
Why don't you stay with us for a while?" "I'd love to, thanks."
It's our anniversary, Panes.
Whatever, do you remember?
It's nice to meet you... again.
(to America) Oh my God, she remembers me! (under her breath) Thank you, thank you, thank you. (on the way down; a dream in white) My God, your wardrobe is incredible.
Oh, and I found Dr. X, thank you.
You saved my life.
(a moment; sotto) Shit! (re: the dress) I'd cut off her red wine if I were you.
Well, we can't afford it.
You're stronger than you think.
(finally) How's the movie going?
Easy tiger.
Scout's honor.
(grins) I'll be your best friend.
I will treasure this.
From Jewish Folk Poetry, a song cycle... What?
Trust him.
It's the Funnies.
It's my mother's favorite charade's clue.
Good.
Fine, I vote for that.
Funny.
Funnies?
Great.
Truce?
Truce.
(charmed by the bundle in Astrid's arm) Oh how sweet.
(finally) I was impressed.
Thank you.
And Dad was having a go about the garden.
(childishly) So? (laughs) I love you, Joe Therrian.
No one looks new.
Oh I think he's cute.
(re: the cake as it comes in) Part of our gift.
Honey!! (clinks his glass) Here, here.
I'm honored to be a part of tonight.
To be in the same room, with my favorite living actress... (sings out) Still living.
And my favorite novelist.
And all their amazing -- (sings out) And talented.
Friends.
And talented friends.
This room is so filled with love.. (sings out) And the winner is... Let the woman speak.
And I brought a gift of love.
A gift that is love.
(tears up) Happy anniversary.
(pleased, surprised) Dolphins.
Great.
(kisses Skye) This is an amazing present.
(kisses Anouk) You sleepy baby?
Hey, I'm happy for you, buddy.
(re: the photograph) Isn't this a fabulous picture?
She's such a great photographer.
Well, I don't trust her.
She took our wedding photos, for chrissakes.
Well good.
Thank God.
Oh honey, let's.
(stops short; turns to her) What do you mean, thank God? Well, are you sure about this baby thing?
Don't I? I mean I still have a good six years, whatever.
You are going to be a fantastic mom.
(laughs) Oh Soph, Joe loves kids.
Oh he's a sweetheart, Sal, you know I love him.
But he's not going to be a good father.
(sitting, joining Sally) Oh God, it feels great!
Did you notice how happy Joe was when the drugs came out tonight?
You don't have kids to keep a marriage together, Sally.
We're great.
How nice for everybody.
You'll come up with one of your brilliant ideas.
I don't know how to make her funny.
Nice and slow.
(a grin) Okay.
(laughs) It's really not the same thing.
(a moment) He was really nicer when he drank.
It's gotten much better.
Oh yes.
I'm so glad.
And the color of my hair.
(humors her) Yeah, it was.
Otis!! Otis, come!
Skye and I, well the...
(smiling) Are you asking me to marry you?
Otis!!!! (on her heels) Otis!!!! Otis, good boy, come here.
I went out dancing.
Sally, we're back, I love you.
Trust that.
Otis! Come! Good boy! Come! Otis!
Love?
You walked out on a five year marriage.
That hasn't the first fucking thing to do with love.
It's whether we can live together... like this!
That's how you love people.
When it's easy for you, when it's convenient for you.
Last birthday was?
I will never take drugs again, and I will be a great fucking husband and a loving father.
I am a great father!
I have terrific friends.
I am a brilliant director.
Well-respected.
I won a Golden Globe, how 'bout that?
And God, I will be humble.
Are you my big brave boy?
Are you my brave hero?
You're crazy baby.
I love you.
I love her too, Joe.
Alright, good.
It was good of you to be all this help.
Happy anniversary.
He's my favorite.
It's for the baby's crib.
Happy anniversary, baby.
Will you make love with me?
He is most welcome to every penny I don't have.
Careening towards a happy ending like a kamikaze-- --We've been trying to do this deal for twenty years!
He's agreed to both your stipulations.
Why, thank you ma'am!
Well, thank goodness for that!
I promise.
The adventure is about to begin!
Can I help you?
We got a brand new air conditioning system, Missus; cool you right down in no time.
(happy as a clam) No problemo.
We'll build beautiful memories here my angel.
Well, first things first.
Good Lord.
And you can stay there until you learn the art of subtlety.
Flatterer!
Well, well-- There you are.
Good morning Mrs! It's not Mrs, it's-- Oh, why do I bother?
Sun came out again!
The rain brings life!
So does the sun.
Good morning!
It is so discomfiting to hear a perfect stranger use my first name.
Please.
Wonderful!
I welcome it.
Music and lyrics.
Wish ya coulda' seen me then Pam!
Anyways I asked them "Girls, what's so funny?"
What a charming story.
This movie isn't just going to make my kids happy.
REVOLUTIONARY,Pam! Mary Poppins will literally fly off the pages of your books!
This magical woman who has only lived in your head, you'll be able to meet her, speak to her, hear her sing.
Yes, this singing, I am glad you've come to that.
Now the tea-- And a spoonful of sugar.
Oh yes she does!
Singing is frivolous and wholly unnecessary for a governess, an educatress.
You just listen to what my Sherman boys have come up with and if they don't knock your socks off then I'm the King of England.
Because I love Mary Poppins, you got to share her with me.
Good-- onwards.
Number 17 Cherry Tree Lane.
Dick is one of the greats!
(through gritted teeth) Thank you.
Alright Ladies and gents, comical poem, suitable for the occasion-- --extemporized and thought up before your very eyes!
Now, how does that sound?
Now, that would be a wonderful song for the film!
Ahhh, there's my girl.
There's a good boy, give her a little smooch.
We have to teach the witch how to be happy again.
Your mother's been calling you for a good hour.
You trust me?
Leisurely stroll's a gift.
Beautiful ain't it?
It's too grand!
Great.
We can't make the film without the colour red!
Are you requiring proof of how badly I wanna make you happy so that we can create this beautiful thing together?
Wanted a nanny for two adorable children.
in?! Love us as a son and daughter to do with anything?
You wrote that in your book!
Give it up.
Good afternoon Ma'am.
A pot of tea.
Thank you.
Tea is a balm for the soul don't you agree?
Thank you.
Good afternoon Mr Belhatchett.
Good morning and goodnight.
Serves me right.
Her prescription for life.
Wonderful!
Where is its heart, where is the gravitas?
What a lovely surprise!
I couldn't stop thinking about my beautiful girls on this beautiful day in this beautiful place and I thought to hell with it!
(to Ginty and Biddy) And what do we say about beauty ladies?
A thing of beauty is a joy forever!
Buts are for goats my love!
That's a made up word!
Oh! I'll wash them again my love!
All around the cathedral the saints and apostles look down as she sells her wares Although you can't see it you know they are smiling Each time someone shows that he Though her words are simple and few listen, listen, she's calling to "Feed the birds, tuppence a bag tuppence, tuppence, tuppence a bag."
That mouse, he's family.
The world is an illusion Ginty.
(urgent, his voice Don't you ever stop dreaming Ginty my love.
Mrs Brill said Father's presenting the medals.
Would that be good?
(singing more sotto than But!
Father-- will you ride the carousel with me!? Meet you there in a blink of an eye!
I'll take Biddy to get ready for her dance.
Biddy's dancing.
In a moment, my princess.
I'm scared my father is-- Good afternoon, distinguished guests, our biggest supporter Mr Randolph Belhatchett and his lovely wife, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls!
Shares!
Opportunities!
Thank you kindly.
Thanking you.
Ginty has a bank account-- and that's good.
I wrote a poem for you.
It - it won first prize, at school.
It's blasphemy to drink tea from a paper cup.
Make a little furrow, there.
That's why I concern myself with the weather-- sunny day she can sit out in the garden.
Wouldn't that be nice?
But the stars were guarding them, they glittered as they spoke "We shall send a guide to show them the way to the magical ladder which will bring them all the way up to And who do you think those sparkling messengers sent?
(beat, to Biddy) Stay right here, be good-- Are you going to the sky?
Is it happy?
I'm wondering what I have to do to make you happy.
Ha! Aren't you wondering that too? (he has an idea) You know, you've never been to Disneyland! It's the happiest place on Earth! (shouting away from the Tommie!
I'm taking a ride with my favorite author!
Holy mackerel!
Oh boy! Welcome to the Magic Kingdom!
I love you so much!
(gesturing to Pamela) This woman's a bona fide genius!
In Adventureland there is a tree-- this is a fun fact.
It has three million leaves, four million flowers.
She's Mrs Disney's favourite horse.
I'm happy to watch.
When we first met, you said to me `they're family.'
I think it'll make you happy.
Had a wager with the boys that I couldn't get you on a ride.
I win! Yah! Well begun, is half done!
Good morning Mrs Travers!
We've got a new ending for the film.
It's wonderful!"
(as Mrs Banks) "A proper kite needs a proper tail don't you think?!" Let's go fly a kite Up to the highest height Let's go fly a kite and send it Up through the atmosphere Up where the air is clear Oh let's go fly a kite When you send it flying up there All at once you're lighter than air You can dance on the breeze over houses and trees-- Mr Disney!
She's dancing with Don!
Oh, I love it!
It is beautiful.
Exquisite.
Good afternoon Mrs Travers!
Oh. (to herself, smiling You foolish old woman.
Good day Mister Disney.
Thank you.
The lady's ready to go now sir.
It's been a pleasure driving you Mrs.
I was telling my daughter all about my day and how I was driving this nice writer lady, Mrs Travers for Mr Disney and-- (he leans into the And she makes me go to her bedroom and get this!
Thank you Mrs. She's gone?
(smiles to himself) I've been talking to the wrong person.
How about you show me how to make one of those nice English pots of tea? Milk.
Best be quick Walt, best be quick or poppa's gonna show you the buckle end again boy.
I love my life - it's a miracle.
And I loved my daddy, boy I loved him.
He was a wonderful man.
Trust me with your precious Mary Poppins.
They will rejoice, they will sing.
For goodness sake!
I am so pleased to hear that Mrs Travers.
Wonderful.
Can I help you?
Ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and welcome aboard this flight to Los Angeles.
How wonderful to see you.
You're so funny.
Beautiful day isn't it?
Morning gentlemen.
Good morning Jenny.
I love you.
Ross Listen, you're in good hands.
The best thing for you to do right now is to not worry...Let me do the worrying.
Hey bro, time's up.
Not as good as "The Rose", but good.
Thanks dad.
Mom, I'm fine.
You're a very lucky boy to be with such a good girl.
This morning when she got dressed, she said to herself - "I have these things and I want the world to see them."
Life is finite.
What do you want the Better Friend award?
Okay, let's relax here.
I think the best thing to do is to look on the bright side.
The bright side of what?
That was funny.
Ssshhhhh... Close your eyes and relax.
Adam, IT's a he, and HE's adorable...Having a dog is supposed to help with the healing process.
I thought you'd be happy...
Fine, we can keep the dog.
This is going to be so good for you.
Yeah well, you don't look sick.
...Brussel Sprouts, Turnip greens, Asparagus, Celery, Cabbage, Okra, Honeydew Melon, Limes, Green bell peppers, green chiles...
Well I'm his best friend, so talking to me in a way is kind of like talking to him.
(less than excited) Hey Greg.
Nice dog.
Art come on.
Please.
Nice to see you.
My only child.
Honestly, I'm just here to make my mother happy.
So aim high... ...and always remember, the road to recovery is a team effort... It's important that you talk openly with your health care providers.
Being prepared is half the battle... Toward helping yourself begin to feel in control again...On behalf of all the great folks at Mount Sinai Hospital, I'd like to thank you for your time...make it a great day.
Come with me my baby.
This way my baby.
Trust me.
Have you considered that this cancer is nature's way of telling you to change the way you live your life?
Here's a list of books on mind-body therapy.
They're for my best friend, Adam.
Great.
This is the one time in your life you can do whatever you want.
Smart man.
It's important to be with your loved ones in times like these.
Listen to me Adam, I've been married 40 years and it's my Margaret who keeps me going.
The day my wife left me was the best day of my life.
I'll give you a call when I'm done...yay!
I'll give you a call when I'm done...yay!
I kind of backed my mom's car down an embankment...Into the Balboa cactus garden.
Thanks for the ride... Do you want to come in.
Well the funny thing is that the stroke actually made him a better player, he just lost interest.
Why are you so good?
How can I help you?
This is Heaven?
The Afterlife is where the fun begins.
How can being stuck in some nonexistent void with my grandparents be fun.
7 billion light years!
Are you listening to me? Yes.
(smiles to the Nurse) Don't worry about it.
(Scowls at Edith) I'm fine.
But thank you.
I'd love a blanket.
(to the Cute Nurse) We're fine.
You happy?
He was the greatest thing to ever happen to me.
And then I had you, and that was even greater.
Smells good.
The girls and I are having a movie night.
Prom night.
I haven't lived my life!
I should have never stormed out like that.
I think you're really brave.
It makes for a nice incentive.
Good night.
You have 2 new messages.
They're special.
Mom, this is Nuprin.
That's great dad.
I love you son.
I love you too dad.
Come on Art, let's go to the waiting room.
I brought you flowers.
Not sure why, I didn't know what else- They're great, thank you.
Relax, you will soon begin the sleeping.
We were successful in the extraction of the tumor.
The bone corrosion was much greater than initially anticipated.
That is the most beautiful dresses.
Magic!
You're soooooo awesome... Katie McRae, Katie McRae, Katie McRae.
Mic-Rae, Dr. Awesome Mic- Rae...I'd love to make you pancakes sometime.
Please.
You have to wonder.
You have to wonder.
Thank you, Horace.
ABEL (coughs) Look, Art's gonna want me t... KABUO (ignoring him) You look beautiful.
That make you happy?
I'm not going until you smile.
KABUO (loud) There must be something good on the radio!
KABUO (louder) Wouldn't some music be nice?
We can't hear so good in here!
Course, we grew up together.
Shigemura come on Wednesdays.
Dances, calligraphy.
This is part of grace.
On a great tree.
He operated the Review alone, with an integrity and passion for principle that made him a figure of respect.
Highlight was crowning the Strawberry Princess.
I had kissed her once, when we were ten.
He's still got a good grip.
I told myself that was good.
That it made our friendship special.
Easy.
Slow is best.
It's great for sea-run cutthroat.
And successful at it.
But pretty excited to get back his father's place.
Was happy for him.
And later, that same day.
Everyone on the island has these things.
You folks have been real polite, and we'll be outta your hair in just a second... That's very nice.
The kimono, the music.
Strawberry Princess, huh?
This for tree stumps.
Your great-grandfather was a samurai, a magnificent soldier.
And it's brand new.
This one's new.
Where your hand goes.
Now, first y... KABUO (quietly) Ready, sergeant.
Able and willing.
The jury, especially the men, would not betray this fine lady with a not guilty verdict.
You and he were friends.
Well, he didn't say 'no', did he?
A friend's plea set against his mother's attitude.
Driving it reminded me of him.
My father is grateful for your kindness.
Okay, I'll help.
But don't you think the snow is beautiful, coming down?
Please?
And I can't make it right.
Get on with your life.
Get on with your life.
Despite the hardship, it brought us beauty... ...and reminded us.
Of our place in things.
You felt Him as a child.
They say the evidence is rock solid.
They found girls, and married, had babies... Someday I'll get lucky, too.
And I know you have it in you to love.
Your father was a man of great fairness and compassion for others...
And honor his legacy.
I loved you and I didn't love you at the same moment.
At the cedar tree.
I know you will do great things in the world.
Thank you, Mr. Gillanders.
Who belongs with his family.
Mr. Miyamoto is a much -decorated hero of the United States Army.
In a small place.
Well, it isn't.
Make your children proud.
I won't keep you a moment.
I love you.
And tomorrow, when I make our bed.
HATSUE (whispers) You better be there.
ISHMAEL (gently) None of that is gonna ha...
My mother would be proud to have you with us.
He's proud of the man you are tonight.
ISHMAEL (smiles) Then you'd be lying.
Now to re-open a trial that had gone to jury...new evidence should be pretty important.
One in Carl's hand.
Your Honor, all of this is speculation.
Carl was a strong swimmer, he m...
That had a blond hair.
One single blond hair.
You're the story today.
We don't let go, you s... It's a rare thing.
We win it on appeal.
This Court thanks you for the good work you have done under difficult circumstances... Go home, son.
God bless.
They've got good hearts.
We could see they were following the evidence real close... We're just grateful to every one of them.
We met in the Manzanar camp, you see, so I guess that was the most beautiful place I've ever been.
No, her first love was another fella...
God's kindness, my father said.
Of our place in things.
Welcome.
He loves the streets of New York as much as I do -- -- although he likes to eat bits of pizza and bagel off the sidewalk, and I prefer to buy them.
Brinkley is a great catcher and was offered a tryout on the Mets farm team -- (continued) JOE (cont'd) -- but he chose to stay with me so that he could spend 18 hours a day sleeping on a large green pillow the size of an inner tube.
Engaged?
Patricia's amazing.
We open two weeks before Thanksgiving.
Oh, great, congratulations, Dad.
Love.
It would be nice for him if his parents were married.
Cecilia Kelly, lovely woman.
Cecilia had beautiful penmanship.
Welcome.
For five years he's been living with a woman who studied decorating at Caesar's Palace.
Once I read a story about a butterfly in the subway, and today I saw one.
But you fell in love.
That's so great.
So really it's a good development.
You know how in the flower district, there are all these flower shops in a row so you can find whatever you want.
When you are finished with Foxbooks, the Shop Around the Corner is going to be responsible for reversing the entire course of the Industrial Revolution.
That is so sweet, Frank.
Thank you.
That is so sweet.
So goodnight, dear void.
And I do not plan to meet him.
My initials and a daisy, because daisies are my favorite flower.
Orchids are my favorite flower.
These are wonderful books.
(to Annabel) You can grow up with Betsy.
Don't tell anyone that, Annabel, it's nothing to be proud of -- (spelling) That's amazing.
I used to watch her, and it wasn't that she was selling books, it was that she was helping people become whoever they were going to turn out to be.
When you read a book as a child it becomes part of your identity in a way that no other reading in your life does.
PATRICIA (cont'd) This book is fabulous.
Veronica lives in my building and we met in the elevator.
God!Taxi!
Good.
She's good.
Little white Christmas lights that twinkle.
I'm in the book business.
I use a wonderful over-the-counter drug, Ultrasom.
Joe, this man is the greatest living expert on Julius and Ethel Rosenberg -- And this is Kathleen Kelly -- You liked my piece.
God, I'm flattered.
(to Frank) I'm so happy to have finally met you.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if I could pass all my zingers to you and then I would never behave badly and you could behave badly all the time and we'd both be happy?
The neighborhood loves us.
I don't think it's a good idea for us to meet... KATHLEEN (V.O., cont'd) I love our relationship.
There's a lot going on in the day-to-dayness of my life and there's something magical... KATHLEEN (V.O., cont'd) ... and thrilling about this island in cyberspace I have with you.
That's a lovely idea.
Hi. (off her nametag, big smile) Rose.
Great name.
Happy Thanksgiving.
JOE (cont'd) Now it's your turn to say happy Thanksgiving back.
Happy Thanksgiving back.
(big smile) Now take this credit card and put it through the machine, zip zip.
Happy Thanksgiving.
The sun'll come up tomorrow, bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow, there'll be sun -- This is such an odd Christmas.
By the way, I'm surprised you aren't a writer.
Can I help?
I'm great at advice.
I'm a brilliant businessman.
"Maunday, Tuesday, Thursday, Wednesday."
Thank you.
The Shop Around the Corner is a true New York treasure.
I'd love to have you back.
Good night dearie.
Thank you.
I'm in the home stretch.
You have your mother's hair.
At the 32nd anniversary of the Chicago Seven trial.
And he will wear a flower in his lapel, and you will be carrying a copy of Anna Karenina with a rose in it.
Drink a cup of coffee and split.
It reminds me of those mice in Cinderella.
Kevin, this woman is the most adorable creature I have ever come in contact with.
The heroine of Pride and Prejudice is Elizabeth Bennet and she's one of the greatest, most complex characters ever written, not that you would know.
Well, good for you.
I just had a breakthrough, and I have to thank you for it.
I think you have a gift for it.
Not, I gather, the world's greatest living expert on Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, but someone else entirely.
The man who is coming here is kind and funny -- he has the most wonderful sense of humor -- But he's not here.
Good night.
He wasn't able to make it.
(continued) And as I waited, someone else showed up, a man who has made my professional life a misery, and an amazing thing happened -- I was able, for the first time in my life, to say the exact thing I wanted to say it.
They buy leather jackets, they go see Flamenco, they ride in gondolas, they eat in restaurants where guitarists sing Malaguena sola Rosa, but they don't fall in love with fascist dictators.
Well she's out of her mind.
A hot dog is singing.
You need quiet while a hot dog is singing?
You're a wonderful person, Kathleen.
And I'm honored that you want to be with me because you would never be with anyone who wasn't truly worthy -- I feel exactly the same way about you.
I am being amazingly brave -- What are you going to do with yourself?
Do you have the "Shoe" books?
The "Shoe" books?
Noel Streatfeild wrote Ballet Shoes and Skating Shoes and Theater Shoes and Movie Shoes... (she starts crying as she tells her) I'd start with Skating Shoes, it's my favorite, although Ballet Shoes is completely wonderful.
Thank you.
Well we can't go to the Storybook Lady.
That's the easy part.
Oh, right, a snap to find the one single person in the world who fills your heart with joy.
Isn't it a beautiful night?
You seemed so perfect for each other.
(she claps her hand over her mouth) I don't mean to say things like that.
-- charming.
Well, you looked Tea? Upper right.
was she too prejudiced and Mr. Darcy too proud?
My head's starting to get funny.
I'm happy for him.
Thank you for the daisies.
Your friends are telling you the reason we haven't met is that I'm married.
Until you knew there was no other man you could ever love.
The only fight we'd ever have is what video to rent on Saturday night.
How come you'll forgive him for standing you up and you won't forgive me for a little tiny thing like putting you out of business?
Cheering, music, banks of searing studio lights.
He would surely turn and run but for the iron grip on his shoulder of the smiling host, Prem Kumar.
Welcome to Who Wants To Be A Millionaire!
More applause.
Please give a warm welcome to our first contestant of the night- a local from our very own Mumbai!
Under cover of the wild applause, Prem ushers Jamal towards the guest's chair, leaning in and hissing.
Smile, dammit.
Aha! So, you're the man who rings me up every single day of my life with Special Offers, huh? No, actually, I'm an assistant.
(singing/ grunting) Come on out, you beauty, unveil yourself, my darling-warling.... Look, kid, I got a bad stomach.
Give me that.
(singing) Amitabh, Amitabh, oh Amitabh!
Everybody happy.
D) A bow and arrow.
Well done, my friend.
You're making him a laughing stock.
We're having fun here.
I'll be a good little boy with the next one.
Promise.
Meet me after the show.
Please.
"Prem's happiness with another baby on the way".
You have to believe me, baby...
Okay, Juhu boy, you've had a good run.
I don't have a girl-friend.
Are you one of those tea-boys with a penchant for architecture?
We've got a wild one, here.
It's not a bloody holiday!
Give me that.
I am pleased, Arvind.
...weddings, government things, big parties.
The good life, here we come.... (conversationally) Athos.
You have done well.
Sing me a song, yaar.
My favourite.
Sala...! Jamal begins to sing.
Salim waits until he has finished the song.
Maman smiles, nods.
(shrugging) You've seen the way they drive around here... It was the best-paid job I've ever had.
And life was good.
That's amazing.
Why don't you put it back and listen to the music?
We're making good money here.
Baby brother's in love.
A musketeer...Grow up, Jamal.
No, he's going to play with him, first.
(smiling) Benjamin Franklin.
My God, my God.
Thank you, Sahib.
You were generous the first time.
So you are rich, now, are you, Jamal?
I am happy for you.
My eyes are fine.
Then stay away, chutiye, and count your blessings every morning you open them and see the sun rising.
Please.
Is she alive?
Arvind, is she alive?
Alive?
Oh, she's alive alright.
It's your life, Jamal.
They call her Cherry, now.
Thank you.
I'm looking for Cherry.
Plenty of others.
On the tiny landing, Salim and Jamal pull back a curtain to reveal a humping couple.
From the other side of the door comes the filmi music.
Through it he can see glimpses of a girl dancing to the music.
Now fifteen, she is a beautiful young woman and dressed in a revealing, turquoise, silk sari.
Smile!
Flow, flow!
The Dance Teacher turns.
Have fun.
Maman turns to the Dance Teacher as they grab his arms.
Plucks up his courage.
Easy.
So, come in, friend.
They burst into stupid laughter.
The laughter subsides.
That dance you were doing.
Thank you.
He puts his hand out to Latika.
Latika launches herself at Salim, but he smashes her away, almost delighted that she has joined in.
As a valued customer, we are offering you a free upgrade with our `friends and- Jamal's voice peters out.
Brother?
Please.
Gasps and laughter from the audience.
Jamal laughs and shrugs.
Prem grips his heart theatrically.
The signposts of the aisles come faster and faster `Pembroke Street', `Trafalgar Square', `East India Dock' and finally `Cambridge Circus'.
(almost to himself) Well, Oxford has Broad Street, Saint Aldates, Turl Street, Queen Street, The High and Magdalene Bridge- which is pronounced Maudlin, so- He stops as he hears the surprised laughter of the audience.
More portentous music.
Baba, I am the new cook from the agency.
Haven't I told you, don't interrupt when I'm watching- She looks at Jamal.
They laugh with happiness.
Why does everyone love this programme?
Walk into another life.
You have another life.
A rich one.
Are you happy?
From where we come from, Jamal, that is happiness.
You don't look so happy with a black eye.
He laughs at his own joke.
Well, come on then, Cook.
What can you provide?
Love.
Prem smiles.
And as rich as me.
Applause from the audience.
In an amazing run, Jamal has already five million rupees but, not content with that, has chosen to gamble for one Crore- that's ten million million rupees.
The Australian? Great cricketer.
Prem's smile is thin.
Prem laughs.
Join us tomorrow night to see if Jamal Malik has made the biggest mistake of his life or has just won the biggest prize in the history of Indian television....Same place, same time.
Applause.
Prem switches off his smile as fast as the cameras switch off.
Have a good life.
Salim puts his hands together in blessing.
Smiles.
A rickshaw parks up next to a hundred others.
I can safely say that tonight is the biggest night of both of our lives, Ladies and Gentlemen.
Jamal Malik, the Call Centre worker from Mumbai has already won one Crore rupees, a cool ten million.
The lights dim, the music rumbles.
Prem smiles.
He gently kisses the scarred cheek.
The music starts and the frozen station comes alive, two thousand kurta-clad men and saree-clad women dancing in and out and on top of the trains, an unbound celebration of hope and humanity that has at its centre, Jamal and Latika.
Wow us.
Thanks.
You'll never guess what...I've got the best news.
Letty was just getting ready to tell me her good news.
How wonderful, darling.
I'm so happy for you.
My goodness.
My goodness.
Wednesday's not a grammar day.
LETTY(cont'd) And shopping for Ruth's dress and that, that engagement dinner.
But what I'm wondering is whether we should also be spending more time on her computer skills at home.
Oh, no thanks, I'm too excited to eat.
(to Letty) Where's Mommy?
You better start trying on before the vultures get all the good ones.
(with sisterly pride) You look beautiful.
How can I help?
(to Paul) Thank God we have alcohol.
Great.
Your family agreed to the conditions not to see you when they admitted you to Hillview, Letitia.
We show movies there on Wednesdays and Fridays...And this is the dining hall.
I've talked to Doctor Emlee, and he says... I'm so glad to see you.
I think the best thing for you right now is to stay here and get well.
Please.
They're showing "Groundhog Day" if you...
(responding to her smile) There, now, I knew you'd feel better once we discussed group process.
This is good.
You keep the book.
They had one with emeralds around it, but this was simpler, more classic in its lines.
(smiling) Finally.
It was romantic.
It's magic.
(picking up the pace) Mom and I fought for 20 minutes over whether we should go with ecru invitations or brilliant white.
(beat) Aren't you so excited about Paul? ( beat) Letty?
Letty, you should be in bed.
Green and red.
It's good to let it out.
You can only do what feels best to you now.
You've been so great.
I'm glad.
y Grandma Rosa says that some trees get planted in rich top soil, and they grow right up to the sun, tall and straight.
Other trees, they start as seeds in the crevices between rocks so they have to twist and bend to reach the light.
(beat) You can't be taking away their "Welcome to California" presents.
Back to group, everyone.
It's so good to see you, Sweetheart.
A little thin, but good.
Which flowers did you order?
Oh, OK, well, better to choose the table cloths first anyway.
This would complement the blue in the bride's maids' dresses.
Mrs. Hallstrom, why don't you join my family for dinner.
You'll love my Grandma Rosa.
That's so sweet, Michael.
I love you, too.
Handcuffs and Your Honor, I feel I should be released.
My family's helping me out, Your Honor.
Eleven, Your Honor.
But I'm on a new medication now.
And I have really loved you.
I love him.
Our life is not over.
Well? M Home free.
(beat) Did you see your new apartment?
OK, good.
That's good.
Thanks for everything.
I love the pillows.
You've got to see the kitchen first.
I love your apartment.
But Headlines are better.
Rise and shine.
You can meet Beast.
Sounds good.
Look, Gail, I've been a good teacher.
I'm glad you're doing well.
If it were up to me, I'd hire you.
You go ahead and relax.
Four interviews.
(to Letty) Just promise you'll love me even if I end up in a job where I have to wear a blue polyester cap.
Scout's honor.
Congratulations.
I promise.
He's been looking everywhere for weeks, Mom.
He looks damn good in a tuxedo.
And, Harry, he's the one who likes magic?
(to Michael) What a beautiful wedding.
Bingo.
But I am the bride.
Silly?
(screaming) Don't upset my Mom.
Don't you upset my Mom.
Michael, calm down.
Please.
I'm glad you called.
I'm glad you agreed to see me.
Wow./ Neat./
I love you Jane and if you call me I'll be the happiest man in the entire universe -- this is 'love at first sight.'
Out of all these beautiful women I noticed only you, and... Are you Paul? No, I'm not.
(to Jane) My name's Jack and I live in a fabulous apartment in Manhattan overlooking the park and...
It'll be delivered to you on Sunday and picked up the following Thursday, okay?
It's wonderful -- Life is wonderful!
In honor of your victory, in honor of your beauty, and in honor of Jane, the most beautiful gymnast I have ever met.
It is a beautiful, impressive stunt.
She's so beautiful!
I've never been so in love before.
Can you believe she gave me her phone number... Oh, Christ -- where is it?... Oh, no, don't tell me I lost it... It's a matter of life and death... Oh here it is -- thank God! All the while Jack has been rambling on, a beige car on the other side of the street has slowed down.
Yeah, sure... Hey, look, will you -- look at that sparkling beauty.
We're having a huge party.
See ya later.
As exquisite as you are...
A large, stylishly decorated apartment in Manhattan.
A party's going on.
She is laughing as she listens to him.
This is 'love at first sight.'
Oh, I'm so happy... Let me go get you a glass of champagne.
On the way he passes MICHAEL, who's deeply engrossed in a vehement conversation about modern art with a girl called SOPHIA.
No, he's cuddling up with a blonde named Clementine... That's not Clementine.
So, who is it anyway -- Christie or Clementine?Beautiful, enchanting Hey, Michael -- how'd it go with Rosalie?
Well, things were going great until...
I dunno -- lucky guess... Well, I don't give a damn anyway, I have 24 drawings to hand in to my editor three days from now and I gotta work all night anyway...
'Bye, guys -- love ya.
I won't wake you tomorrow morning.
I know we're good.
We have two weeks to be ready for the semi- final selection.
Hi... yeah... listen, make it quick, I'm in a meeting here... yeah, a package... okay... someone'll drop it off Sunday and pick it up Thursday...
Peter hangs up, laughing.
This package came for you... Oh! What a cute little baby!
I didn't know you had a baby... Yeah, well, I have to put her to bed now.
She loves to be held by strangers!
(faking a smile) Well, so long, Mrs. Razzolini.
Mrs. Razzolini regretfully hands the baby back.
He closes the door; his smile instantly fades.
So you love to be held by strangers, do you?
I've got a lot better things to do with my time!
Peter is rocking the basket, as if in a trance.
Peter is lying on his bed now surrounded by dozens of baby-care books.
He's reading them with great passion, and making notes.
Mary looks at them and smiles.
(urbanely) Listen, Officer, let's stay calm now.
(calming down a little) Your I.D., let's see it.
Listen, your partner went in here with the guy and the baby.
(key in hand) This is it.
We all have lots of girlfriends, thank you.
Ah-hah... Now that's interesting... (to his colleague) ... Get me those photographs, the ones taken at Newark Airport.
Gone is the beauti- ful apartment that had been so lovingly decorated.
There on the toilet is the basket, and on it there's a note written in big messy printing which says: "NEXT TIME WE TAKE HER." Mary looks at Peter and smiles; she seems in great shape.
A distraught Peter picks her up, hugs her tightly and kisses her all over as he takes her into his room.
Can I help you?
Well, if I were you I'd get myself some new friends!
Would you mind if I look in your bed? (big smile) My pleasure.
(big smile) Oh, don't mention it!
It was a pleasure having you here!
In the devastated living room Peter, still disguised as a punk, and Michael, both very high, are dancing around in circles with each other and laughing.
They are singing a lullaby at the top of their lungs, and har- monizing.
MARY, snuggled up warmly between Peter and Michael, is LAUGHING her head off.
Hey, listen, I brought you back a little present from South America.
A broadly smiling Jack arrives at the riverside.
When he sees Jack, he gets up and comes to greet him, smiling and extending his hand.
That was for your 'little' package, and consider yourself lucky I didn't turn you in to the cops!
Hello?... No, it's Michael... How are you?... Oh, she's doing just fine, she's in great shape.
We're taking very good care of her, you have nothing to worry about.
... I'd love you to see her.
In fact, I was gonna bring her down tomorrow... today?... Great, I think there's a flight in three hours.
Works like a charm: Her ass will be white as snow in three hours.
We give you the easiest shift: the morning.
Mary smiles in her sleep.
I read those books bec... It's not your shift, anyway.
Come on, guys, cool it!
(to Jack) I'll rock her for a few minutes... (to Peter) ... and then I'll put her right to bed.
It's noon, the sun is shining brightly.
He stops short in the corridor -- he hears Mary's laughter and Michael's coochie-coo's.
The baby okay?
She blinks and laughs.
No kidding, whose baby is that?
Congratulations!
She's adorable!
(to Jack) Give her to me, I'll try and calm her down.
Yeah, but they're grown up now, thank God! (to Jay) And do you have kids, too?
Gladly.
(to Jerry) Tell Peter if was a wonderful party.
It looks great!
We sang in har... Hey, where is everybody?
Don't worry, she's gonna get it but good!
And you can tell her we have a lot better things to do with our lives than wipe a baby's ass, goddamn it!
She's beautiful, she looks happy.
You really screwed us over but good -- you know that...
But I'm the one who really got screwed... Don't cry, c'mon... you're taking her back now, it's great... (wiping her eyes) Yeah, it's great... D'you have enough money?
She'll figure it out by herself... Yeah, she'll manage... Now it's back to the good life for us!
First with this goddam competition... and then with Natalie.
Jack takes a running jump and does a cannonball into the pool of a luxury hotel somewhere in the world.
He splashes two girls who find it very funny... Peter, with a bouquet of flowers, runs like mad down a street.
They're both talking at once, not listening to each other, and enjoying it immensely.
He puts the flowers down on her desk.
Natalie cracks up, laughing.
At the top step, he bumps into another young woman: it's love at first sight.
Michael is in bed.
It's noon, the sun's shining brightly, and a BLONDE is asleep beside him.
Hooray!
That's fantastic!
I'll call Jack -- We're gonna celebrate tonight!
The Blonde is now awake.
Great!
Jack hugs Peter tightly as Michael comes in with glasses and tries to catch the champagne that's flowing all over.
They are silently exulting over Peter's second victory.
Jack, holding a bouquet of flowers and Graton's rabbit, rings the doorbell of an apartment.
And this is for the baby.
Shouldn't the baby be in bed by now?
Come on, I made us a good dinner.
Dinner's ready!
But you're beautiful -- At your age all you need is a good night's sleep and you'll look like new.
Right, a good night's sleep -- but when?
Well, why don't you leave the baby with us for a few days, till you recuperate...
Last week, my mom and dad took me to the park for a picnic.
I love you too, Teddy!
Hug me.
You're my best friend, John.
Whoa... Don't look so surprised.
Sounds good to me.
John was just about the happiest boy in the world.
And he couldn't wait to tell everyone the good news.
Well, I think we had a wonderful Christmas this year.
One of the best.
And I particularly enjoyed the gift you gave me last night.
Well, that's exciting.
No mom, he's alive!
For real! Look! Merry Christmas, everybody!
I made a wish last night that Teddy was alive, and my wish came true!
My god, Steve... it's a miracle.
A Christmas miracle.
Well, it wasn't long before the story of John's little miracle was sweeping the nation.
Out of a Boston suburb comes what is, without a doubt, the most incredible story in the history of broadcast news...
Scientists are stumped as to how...
I promise.
Thunder buddies for life.
Thunder buddies for life.
Thank you.
Thank you./Thanks so much.
Hey you buddies.
For what? Lori and I have been dating four years tomorrow, and I wanted to take her someplace nice.
Oh wow, congratulations, John.
Marriage isn't...
I submit that love is enough.
Oh, I love this part.
Well, we've been dating four years tomorrow.
It's four years!
You and I have been together 27 years!
Four years we been going out, I'm takin' you to the best place in town.
Oh, are the new wines in?
I love you.
I love you, too.
Thunder buddies for life, right Johnny?
C'mon, let's sing the thunder song!
I mean, he's got a huge heart, we laugh together all the time, and it's just a bonus that he's like the hottest guy in Boston.
I'm rich, I'm good-looking, my dad owns the company-- I have a boyfriend, Rex.
Yeah, the guy with the teddy bear, that's a cute relationship, but I'm talking about being with a real man, Lori.
Oh no, I'm fine, thanks.
Senora, here is your dessert and champagne.
Ooh, Cristal.
It's a special night.
You had no business being out on that dance floor, but I'm glad you were.
Whatever you say, baby.
Great.
Thanks.
Well, um, here.
Oh wow, a Hamilton!
Yeah, I mean his was analog, but this is so awesome, I love it!
Look, he's been my best friend since I was eight.
And I love you.
I love you, too.
Look, I've put the best physical years of my life into this.
We can achieve critical acclaim and become rich just by screwing each other.
I love you girls.
Well, you have no skills.
Let's give him a job and maybe he'll give us a few laughs," but then they're surprised at what a stellar performance I'm turnin' in.
Look, you get the job, and we'll celebrate after.
Okay, good speech, coach.
You're hired.
Um, thank you.
Yeah, that was ah... that was a good time.
Here it goes, in the really important pocket for really important stuff.
First night on your own.
First night in my beautiful new apartment.
What you did with Ted was a big step, and I know it wasn't easy, but I just want you to know that I love you for it.
After four years, you can still surprise me.
To step up and change such a big part of your life just to make your girlfriend happier...
Most guys don't have you to motivate `em.
Well, that's... romantic?
(smiling coyly, as she Ooh.
Met a girl.
No way, that's awesome.
Hey, well... it sounds like everything worked out then.
The four of us here, having dinner together?
Um, I've been good.
I'm surprised John didn't tell you already.
Trust me.
I love you.
Aw, sweetie, I love you so much!
Yeah, but I pushed it that way with my hand.
I'm... I'm pretty happy where I am.
Yeah, my dance card is quite full, so I'm gonna have to decline.
(smiling at him warmly) I'm glad you're here.
Is it cool if I kick your boss' ass?
Play nice.
Please.
Where's your bunny rabbit?
Wow, cool.
That's inspiring.
That's good, that's good.
I mean, yeah, I'm kind of a "fun-time boss" and whatnot, but... look man, I do that with everybody at the office!
I think you're a great guy and she's very lucky.
Well... that's good to hear.
It's easy.
Mormons are welcome.
Good.
Oh god, that was a fun day.
Holy shit! / Ha! / Wow! / Etc.
Chill out okay? We'll pay for it!
We're in love.
Give it a couple hours, you'll be golden, Pony Boy.
Great.
You are actin' like a giant, V- shaped-funny-lookin'-guy-in-a-porno cock.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Listen... you gotta let me help you make things right with you and Lori.
There is no putting things right.
And it came back to life?
God, she's so brave.
YOUR MUSIC IS SO Thanks so much!
Well, half-Indian, but thanks.
Hey, I want you to meet a good pal of mine.
Hey Johnny, come on in! Norah, this is my friend John.
Whoa, relax there, sweaty.
Thank you for the opportunity, Ms.-- Ma'am Jones.
Jesus, you look fantastic.
He's gonna sing a song to a very special lady in the audience who he loves very much.
This song always reminds me of the most important night of my life.
The night we met.
It's the theme song from the movie "Octopussy."
You can thank Ted. How are you?
Good, good.
I've, uh... made myself a nice little home at the Midtown Hotel up the street.
So, work's good?
Everything good there?
Good.
All I want is... just to end on good terms.
I want you to be happy... and for us to be friends.
(a little taken aback) Wow.
Thank you.
Welcome home.
Heh, you know what's hilarious, I got tons of pictures of you guys at my house.
Wig horse.
And I thought you were the most amazing, most wonderful thing I'd ever seen.
Me and Ted are gonna be best friends, daddy.
Happy play time.
Good, good, hey, how `bout we play a little game of hide and seek?
I love hide and seek!
Well, now, Robert, your dad likes you to show good manners, right?
Great.
Fantastic.
Good, daddy!
Easy...
She's your thunder buddy now.
Please.
I'm alive, Johnny!
I'm alive!
(smiling, speechless) Son of a bitch...You wished for my life back.
Yeah, that's my big brave man.
Oh my god, do you know how awesome it was punching a kid?
I love you.
I love you, too.
You're the only thing that matters in my life.
John and Lori were married in a beautiful ceremony in Cambridge, by a very special Justice of the Peace.
Sam Jones moved back to Hollywood with the goal of restarting his film career.
Thank you.
Good morning, boys.
Great day for fishing.
Mister McMurphy is a new admission.
Good morning, Jim.
Okay, Doc! Make yourself at home, Mister McMurphy... Thank you, ma'am, Hi.
How ya doin', buddy?
Martini! (to Martini) Your buddy is callin' ya.
What's troubling ya, buddy?
H-H-Hearts.
No! Let me see your hand!
Yessir, that's why I came to this establishment for, to bring you birds fun and entertainment 'round the gamin' table... Easy now, don't smudge 'em, we got lots of games ahead of us...
We do appreciate the way you have taken it upon yourself to meet the other patients.
Thank you, ma'am...
Good.
Good.
No, this is my first trip, Doc.
You a good boy, Mistah Bancini...
You see... it's a lotta baloney... It's all a lotta baloney... Yes, yes, Mister Bancini, now if you'll just be calm... That's all it is, just a lotta baloney.
A pecking party?
That's right, buddy.
It's that Big Nurse, that's who... It's as simple as that.
You've been on our ward six hours and have already simplified the work of Freud, Jung and Maxwell Jones in one grand analogy: it's a pecking party.
I'm not talking about Fred Yoong or Maxwell Jones, buddy, what I'm talkin' about is that crummy meeting and what that nurse did to you! Did to me? Did to you and all the rest of you guys.
(as calm as blue waters) She ain't peckin' at your eyes, buddy.
She's peckin' at your balls, buddy, at your ever-lovin' balls.
Five cents' worth of electricity and you are out of everybody's hair.
Big king... little deuce... another king... a lovely lady... big ten... and a trey... hey, hey, whadaya say?
(pleasantly) That music is for everyone, Mister McMurphy.
Here ya go, Chief... (through loudspeaker) Good morning, boys.
Rise and shine.
Rise and shine.
Come on now, it's a beautiful day!
Good morning, Mister Sefelt, are your teeth any better?... Good morning, Mister Fredrickson... Good morning, Mister Harding; my, my, you've been biting your fingernails again... Mister McMurphy, patients are not permitted to run around in towels.
After breakfast, Mister McMurphy, after breakfast.
Now run along like a good boy and see that you wash up properly.
(slugging it down) Hooee, that's good.
(slaps his belly) All this place lacks is a couple of sweet gals to liven things up... Stand aside, Sam, Nature's callin'.
You know, the young an' old livin' together, an' I was thinkin' what a great thing it would be if the music was turned up louder.
Fine! Good.
Good.
Tomorrow, and listen carefully to me, you ding-a lings.
Tomorrow is the opening game of the World Series an' what I want is to take a vote on switchin' the group meetin' to later on in the day, so we can watch the ballgame.
(raising his hand) Okay, raise your hands.
M-M-Mack, y-y-y-you c-c-can't l-l lift that thing!
Giving up?
'Kay! 'K-k-kay, Mack! Way down the hall, the Group Meeting is SEEN in progress.
Y-y-y-yes... Tell us about it... I-I-I-I c-c-c-came over S-S-S Sunday m-m-m-morning after ch-ch-ch church and br-br-brought her s-s some flowers, and I s-s-said, I said, 'C-C-C-Celia, will you muh muh-muh-muh-muh...' till the girl broke out l-l-laughing.
Jesus Christ, the man doesn't want to talk, so get off his back an' let's get on to some new business.
The World Series is goin' on right' now an' that's therapy also!
This is an important event and I want a vote on it!
Yeah, it'll satisfy me.
Everyone in favor of changing the schedule raise his hand.
The group meeting is not over!
Good, good, and how are you getting along on the ward?
Yes, that may be so, but in making a careful study of your past record, along with your behavior since you arrived here, my feeling is that you are not mentally ill and it is going to be my recommendation that you be returned to Pendleton where they are better equipped to handle your case.
Raise your hands, like this... That's good!
(more to himself as he starts down hall) Heh, heh, I'll show 'em who's crazy.
(to the others) Let's go! An' keep it quiet.
Wow! Look at this! Hey, you guys, come on up here and take a gander at this!
(singing) Soo, fare-the-weel, darlin'.
Come on in an' warm up.
An' there's beer an' Coke in the cooler an' some food over here... Come on, don't be shy now, you're among friends.
We got the muscle standing right here.
Good.
Well, boys, did you enjoy yourselves?
Mr. McMurphy, you had no right to take these men out with you! (loudly) Yeah, that's kind of crazy, ain't it!
Now, why don't you boys place your fish on the gurney and we'll see to it that everyone enjoys a fresh fish dinner.
Thank you, boys.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Say... God Bless America!
God Bless America.
(smiling up at her) Surely, goodness and mercy will follow this, eh, honey?
Thank you, ma'am.
Ma'am, I'm as gentle as a puppy dog.
Hi ya, Doc! Good.
Man, I tell you, that place up there is somethin' else! (pulling it together) Well, ya boys been practicin' up for the big game?
Thank you, ma'am.
No! I-I-I-I-I'll g-g-g-go, M-M-Mack... Good boy, thank you, Billy.
Yeah, well, he looks like hell! (to Billy) Billy, it's not polite to stare! (to Candy) Miss! Hi! (giving him a big smile) Hi... (yelling and gesturing) Run, Chief, run! (yelling and gesturing) Run, Chief, run! (shouting) Foul! (breathing in Washington's face) Ya fuckin' coon, you're not on the ward now! (cool as a cucumber) Take you han's offa me!
You're doin' great!
Well, you boys finish it up an' climb back into your beds.
I tell ya, there's an angel of mercy standing out there, Turkle.
Hallelujah, brother, now get back in bed! Come an' see.
Hiya, girls... Shhh... Whew! Made it!
(embracing Candy) Man, you look good 'nough to eat! Yeah, well you look like hell warmed over... Hey, pssst!
Hey, Mac! Gimme a hand, will ya!
(giggling; loud) Whew! Hiya, boys!
Wow! They're so quiet.
These are nice guys.
Nice guys.
Ya remember, Chuck.
Well, listen to this.
I'll be very glad to show you around, Miss... Yeah, that's a good idea, Turkle.
Rise and shine!
Rise and shine!
Now, doesn't that make you feel better, Mister Sefelt?
Yes, ma'am... Good... (who has been dealing) Big Ace... a lovely lady... another ace... an' a little trey, hey, hey, whadaya say... hit or sit?
We're at different places in our lives.
Three, two, one... happy New Year!
Well, that was fantastic.
Good night, guys.
Good night and Happy New Year.
Wanna rock out tonight?
Would you like an Italian-inspired coffee flavoring?
NORMAN (cont'd) So, Carl, I'm having a party this Friday.
It's a funny hat party.
Today I'm officially a greeter.
Until I'm relieved as a greeter, my hands are tied.
Can you help me now?
Celebrating New Year's.
Please swing by? No. CARL (cont'd) Tell everyone Happy New Year.
What's up, buddy?
It changed my life.
Every day it's impossible not to throw rocks at the place.
I love pranks!
Lucy and I are celebrating our engagement.
Our engagement party.
I can live my life as I see fit.
I love brunch.
I love waiting an hour for eggs.
It's fun.
Great.
We cool, brother?
It'd be perfect for you Kath.
I don't want an adventure first thing in the morning.
Chinese cultures say it's good for digestion.
You're all welcome to have some.
Brunch coffee.
My grandma loves beanie babies.
That's silly.
Please?
Oooh, thank you.
It's approved.
Thank you so much!
Thanks, Marge.
And I loved it.
Grand?
To celebrate, next Saturday, I'm throwing a party.
Dress up as your favorite character from Heroes.
Next Saturday... sounds great.
Congrats, Carl! Well let's get you a beer.
A normal-sized beer is fine with me.
Well, it's been fun watching you guys recreate freshman year, but Peter and I have some furniture errands to run.
Have a good day yuppifying your lives.
Whatever, yuppy sellouts.
It was good seeing you.
Senor Frog's famous karoake contest is starting now!
And finally, my friend, please hold out your hand.
That should heal by New Year's.
Please.
Thanks.
You mind spotting me and my buddies?
Black coffee, large.
Would you like... (cutting her off) To have a wonderful day?
The lady my mom buys her beanie babies from.
HIGH SCHOOL GIRL (cont'd) Thank you so much, Mr. Kendall.
Good morning.
Well, it is five in the morning.
It was delightful meeting you, Carl.
As it was meeting you Farinoush.
Great girl, but I don't think we're right for each other.
I love stationery.
This one is nice.
I especially love it in cream.
Looks good to me.
(derisive laughter) I'm not marrying him.
That sounds fun.
Every guest gets assigned a month and brings a gift that the bride and groom can use during that month.
The bride and groom ride in on a white stallion.
You're really good at this.
You mind helping me with the wedding invitations?
I love cell phones.
What's with the kitten?
I hear you met her boyfriend, Seb.
He asked me to join them.
It's like hooking up with a strong woman.
And let me tell, yes is turning out to be a pretty sweet deal.
See you later, buddy.
That's probably my best photo ever.
Not everything needs a goal.
The world is a playground.
RENEE (cont'd) (as if telling a secret) That actually sounds really cool.
But I would love to wrap this up.
Carl! Welcome.
This is a dress-up as your favorite character from Heroes.
I entreat you to make friends.
Let's get this party started!
I have a congenital heart thing it helps.
A massage.
I give great massages.
I actually met you when I was just a teller.
(reading from a binder) Pet-a-Puppy day.
Thank you.
Generous helpfulness?
Generous helpfulness?
I've started a microloan project.
This is both a moneymaker and good for the community.
Thank you.
I've never heard of a Wedding Shower cake.
Modern Bride calls them a necessity.
Nice job with Renee.
(high pitched goodbyes) It was wonderful meeting you!/I loved it!/Let
It was great meeting your friends.
No. It's ten on a Friday night.
I love the concept of charity.
It's awesome.
(in Korean, with [It is an honor to meet you.
You're a funny one, Carl Kendall.
Alright, buddy.
Nice one.
Nice work.
Hey, who's your friend?
It was nice meeting you.
(dripping with bitterness) Have fun.
That is fascinating.
I'd be happy to.
Nice work, Carl.
We won't go! Throw a rock at him.
Babe, can you wait a second?
It's only ten grand a week and it will open your mind up -- I don't want to go to a seminar.
For you, eight grand a week.
You will love it -- You're a total con artist.
I am not a con artist.
Have I not set you on the life path you desire?
I've put my life into the hands of a con artist!
And because of you I have this retarded yes branded on my hand for life!
He is a con artist!
Your good friend, Omar, Former King of Nigeria.
Things are great.
Keep it secret.
Good day.
CARL (cont'd) Congratulations on your engagement!
It's wonderful to meet you in person And this must be Renee?
What a delight!
Thank you, your majesty.
And I remember those boots, black leather that gleamed bright in the morning sun.
They had marched with Labor in the great train strike.
My daughter!
You heard the man, sweetie.
This rod's for your own good.
"The multiplying villainies of nature do swarm upon him."
Good evening.
Why did you... help me?
Yes, music.
Yes, to my music.
Beautiful, is it not?
Oh my... It's beautiful... Thank you.
Thank you for that professional annotation.
The world around us is a changing, directionless, amoral morass and it is up to man and man alone to set things right!
Larkhill opened in the summer of 2009.
You hand picked each one.
Holy Christ!
Good lord!
That is the heart and soul of fascism.
My happy and contented flock.
Spiritually refreshed and ready to face the world again.
Did you enjoy the sermon today, Dennis?
And speaking of sin, I wonder which of the seven deadlies the good lord will see fit to tempt me with today.
The young lady, your grace.
An angel.
Hey, it's Sunday.
There you go, baby.
Now my baby boy can think so much clearer.
Oh jesus, that smile.
That smile turns me on like nothing else.
You could haul in enough TNT to launch our Leader's ass all the way to the moon.
Magic.
Five is the letter V. Brilliant, Dominic.
Oh thank god.
Thank god.
When I saw you that night -- the night you escaped, you were standing against the flames and you looked straight at me.
He has this way of looking through you.
He also grows roses.
Beautiful roses.
Everyone who worked at Larkhill.
The whole exercise an elaborate, chilling vendetta.
I am not interested in where he grew up, what kind of flowers he likes or his favorite color!
Please.
God, I loved her but I didn't blame her.
They brought me here and pumped me full of chemicals.
It is small and fragile and it's the only thing in the world that's worth having.
I don't know who you are but I love you.
I love you.
Thank you but I'd rather die behind the chemical sheds.
You are free.
Welcome home, Evey.
Because I love you, Evey.
Love?
I was happy!
I was happy here -- Happiness is the most insidious prison of all, Evey.
Woman, this is the most important moment in your life.
Your predecessor, Mr. Almond, was a good man, a man who understood what strength in unity meant, a man who, above all, loved his country.
Do you love your country, Mr. Creedy?
He asked me... if I loved my country.
Oh yes, I can tell you do love your country, almost as much as you love this... Oh god... Go on.
Yes you can, honey.
You have to trust me, love.
That was beautiful.
Thank you, V. Thank you for everything you've done for me.
It was a good backdrop.
I believed that she loved me and I loved her back.
She's beautiful.
The words you wept over were the same words that transformed me.
They're beautiful.
Two days before the first day we met.
Oh, V, it's lovely.
Whitehall... V, that's the New Government Building.
Good.
Lieutenant, ready my transport.
A world that is not run by other men but that is run by you.
Four hundred years ago, a great citizen made a most significant contribution to our common culture.
It was a contribution forged in secrecy and stealth although it is best remembered in noise and bright light.
To commemorate that glorious night at precisely the stroke of midnight, the edifice of their world will erupt with enough sound and fury to shake the earth.
Give me the line of the queen and I'll give you your secret dream.
On the twelfth stroke of the fifth day of the eleventh month, I hope we shall all meet again.
Until then, I bid you goodnight.
... if you give me the line of the queen, I'll give you your secret dream.
Now listen to me, Conrad.
This is the most important moment of our lives.
That hideous smiling mask.
Thank you, sir.
Oh, Conrad, I'm so proud of you.
Thank you.
It would be my pleasure.
Thank you, Evey.
You are an excellent dancer.
I promise.
There are over one hundred of the best trained soldiers in this country down here.
He will not leave these tunnels alive.
You created me.
You're a good man, Finch.
I promise.
Sweet Eve.
I remember staring at the mask, at that smile.
The smile was still the same.
But I had promised.
Of course, I had long pictured my father behind that smile but I knew in my heart that V was not my father.
I looked it up the next morning.
"Make them remember..." They will, my love.
Tonight I am here to give you your freedom!
Tonight, our world will change.
Beautiful, is it not?
Yes, my love.
Meet BORIS THE BLADE and TOMMY who is toying with a heavy-looking revolver.
Heavy is good.
Meet GORGEOUS Yes Gorgeous?
Put the takings down, and be a good chap.
Meet HANDS.
Cool young street wise NY diamond dealer.
Best stone I've seen in years.
Good man Franky, you done a good job.
I ' l l be a couple of days.
You got ten grand and I want to see change.
That's what I ' l l give ya.
Listen if the stones are kosher then I'll by em.
He's an important fella.
Well you can't eat shell fish, Dad, i t ' s against your persuasion.
Meet VINNY.
Good lad.
Chuckling.
He's a young fella with a hard but friendly face (when he smiles).
But he's wearing a Cartier watch and Gucci shoes, and a large gold identity bracelet.
Gorgeous George steps out of the car.
Gorgeous George plays the game and raises the kids on his biceps.
Would the big fella like a cup of tea? Don't be silly Micky, a man didn't get that size from drinking cups of tea.
Tommy and Gorgeous follow Micky who's walking past a kennel.
The dogs are in good condition, and are happy as you like to see.
Hey watch the road!
From Russia with love.
Turkish looks at the pool table.
It was at a funny angle.
Funny angle?
Tha-nks for the tip, Brick top.
He opens it - and it's got about a grand inside.
: Whoops.
open secret compartment: this also reveals the stone.
Boris is admiring the outside of the shop.
v Boris pulls out a wad of notes There's ten grand.
You have the ten grand now give me the stone.
Thank you.
He's my only boy and he's a good boy.
He's coursing, he's a couple of fields that way.
They set two lurchers, they are dogs before you ask, on a hare, that's the big rabbit.
Well the big rabbit gets fucked doesn't it?
Cheers pal.
Good boy Mullet.
Micky you are lucky we aren't worm food after your performance, I think buying a tart's mobile palace is a little fuckin rich.
He looks at the dogs they look keen and fit.
Gypsy Romany Music starts.
The dogs move out in a pincer movement.
Get us a cup of tea would you Errol?
Good.
Well I don't.
And then I hear the best thing to do is feed 'em to pigs.
Pause Well thank you, that's a large weight off my mind.
You can call me Susan if it makes you happy.
You got nice teeth Susan.
No spin him round, I want him sunny side up.
Give us four days and we'11 bring you a stone the size of a home.
I been doing business with those sneaky dogs.
Hands looks at Rose Bud who's holding his midsection.
That's the spirit.
No I am about a rocket ride from right Tony.
Ha, Ken what' s going on?
That's what I love about you Tone, no small talk.
Veeeery nice Lincoln.
Well they aren't fuckin here now are they?
Well he's didn't come back to us.
It was a good dog, he had a little flatulence problem but was a good dog.
Make a right.
(admiring the neighborhood) So baby, you're rich... .
If she lives within a mile of here, she's rich.
You're overlooking one of the great things about me.
Have I mentioned how gorgeous your breasts look in this sweater?
I'm incredibly glad we're finally going to do it.
(TAKING OFF her belt) The fabulous living room, perfect for entertaining an intimate group of friends or that special someone.
(smiling) .. O-kay, going quickly now... Master bedroom is that away...
And this as they say on 'Cribs', your favorite show, is where the magic happens.
(they all shake hands) Harry's sort of a new friend.
Let you gals enjoy your weekend... No, no, no.
We took a great walk on the beach, we'll go into town for lunch.
You'll do your thing, whatever that is and if we want to hang together, we'll hang together.
Bonjour je veux une partie de votre pate merveilleux et de votre meilleur fromage absolu de chevre.
Et ce grand gateau de chocolat?
So, Mom, how's the new play?
You gettin' happy with it?
(everyone stares at her) Who's incredibly cute and lovable.
At a Wine Auction at Sotheby's.
I was uh, kissing a beautiful... (watching the monitor) Where you having intercourse?
Great.
All I can say is, thank God it didn't happen when he was inside you.
He's very lucky.
No, whoever got him here so fast should be thanked.
He was having dinner at our house.
The playwright? Yes... What a pleasure.
Thanks.
Thank you Doctor.
Thanks.
Am I in good shape?
We got no thin , but good news here.
(to Julian) See what good hands I'm in.
Did you meet my gorgeous assistants?
(then) Honey, did you bring the CDs? (to Julian) These are for you... (to the Girls) The man loves Hip Hop.
This is just to thank you for your brilliance the other night.
(opening the box) Wow.
This is.. .Jesus, this is the most gorgeous watch I've ever seen.
No, I love it and this is incredibly generous of you but I can't accept it.
(looking down at the Tray) Your lunch.
This is the best turkey sandwich I ever had in my life.
Thank you.
So you have one good page.
..but... (re: curtains) Want me to shut these, sun comes in pretty strong in the morning.
thanks. . .
A friend in L.A. It's only ten out there.
(heading out) Good night, Harry.
Your prescriptions were ready.
That's funny.
Trust me.
Well, I think she's very beautiful and she's a fantastic writer, you know.
Okay, now she's a great chick.
See, I'll accept that slight hostility because I'm enjoying your company so much.
Yeah, but I think I'11 stay down here and watch the sunset.
A heart healthy dinner from our cafeteria.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Okay, all right, good, have fun, don't rush back for me and don't do anything I wouldn't do.
No, guys my age, the ones I've met...well, I'm not that regular a person and they really like regular.
No, swear to God, I'm not... (yells) I'm back...
You have fun?
So... Good night.
(kisses Harry on the cheek) Thank you for the gorgeous flowers by the way.
So how are you guys? (sets down the Zabar's bag) Oh, this is too sweet.
For Mom, your favorite raisin-bread.
No I'm here, babe.
Made record time.
I, uh, I don't think I...I... (looks at Marin so) gorgeous, next to him No.
I meet a thousand people everyday.
I look forward to, seeing you too.
Elegant.
It doesn't matter, we're done and we both feel good about it.
Was it amazing?
Just tell me, was it amazing?
Yes and thank you for the wonderful opportunity.
E Oh, I love this place called Le Balzar, it's just a little bistro on the Left Bank, best roast chicken in the universe.
You'd be fun to go to Paris with.
(then) When's your birthday?
Good night.
This was..This was a great night.
(getting out of bed) I'll make us some coffee, get you your pills, whip us up some french toast, I have ,the best maple syrup ever.
' Erica... (she turns) You are a woman to love.
You are woman to love.
Okay, buddy, I'm sending you home.
Erica, as it turns out is an amazing woman.
Does whatever she can to make me happy.
(looking away) Yeah, well that's wonderful.
I think she's wonderful.
I think she's wonderful too.
Thanks for everything.
.please. .
This is crazy, right?
The drama in life is what makes you strong.
No, it's what makes you strong.
Look, you're gonna have to meet her too, so, we might as well meet her together.
Good evening and welcome to Sotheby's and this evening's sale of Impressionistic and Modern Art.
Okay...Let's start with Lot I, the Bonnard drawing.
That's amazing.
The man can not watch TV or read without the hand down the pants-- Here's my advice after 21 years I say who cares, they're his balls,let him enjoy 'em.
Funny's a unique thing in a woman.
I never used that word in my life.
(realizes something) Those are very nice pajamas, by the way.
They're so elegant.
Nice piping...
But for the three days it was good, it was electrifying.
(tearful) I've never had the time of my life.
(as Harry passes) aving fun?
Kiss you? ulian nods.
No one on earth would forgive you for that kiss (places his wine glass on the counter) May I? (still holding her, whispers) I forgive you.
It's the best thing you've ever written.
It's wonderful.
It's sweet.
It's funny.
How great is it that I'm not intimidated by your brilliance?
Come here... I'm totally excited about this audition.
It's such a great part.
(Harry reacts) It's funnier.
A margarita...a Cuban cigar.
Keep going...you're doing great... AMERA CONTINUES DOWN to street level.
(hugs him) So great to see you.
Thank you.
You were great to me.
Good.
(proud of himself) I knew you'd be here.
And... Happy Birthday.
And congratulations on your amazing success... It's been quite a ride.
I walked out of there and changed my life, sold most of my businesses, packed my bags and moved to an island in the Caribbean.
When you hear the same story about yourself over and over, your life begins to make sense and the future becomes your only salvation.
Just a uh, vacation...never been to Paris in January... It's amazing to run into you.
You look wonderful.
Happy Birthday baby.
(to Erica) At least let me buy you dinner on your birthday... (squints at his watch shows it to Erica) What time does that say? (squints) I have no idea... (feels around) Wait,' I have my. . .
You think you look so handsome in mine?
(reads his watch) So it's only 5 in the afternoon in New York.
What do they do around here for fun? (at the same time) Want to dance?
He went back to the hotel.
(walking to him) He said when he saw me with you, he knew I was still in love with you.
I finally get what it's all about.
I'm 63 years old and I am in love for the first time in my life.
Okay, this is the best birthday ever.
Honey, they're playing our song.
CS -- Zeke and Hickory holding wagon bed -- Well, why don't you get your finger out of the way!
Well, why don't you use them?
Then Toto won't get in her garden, and you won't get in no trouble.
This is the best invention I ever invented.
That's what I'd do! Oh! Oh! Oh, Zeke! Help! Help me, Zeke! Get me out of here!
That dog's a menace to the community.
I let him go in her garden.
The idea! Oh, don't, Uncle Henry.
Toto, darling!
Oh, I'm so glad!
Ha ha!
This -- this is the same genuine, magic, authentic crystal used by the Priests of Isis and Osiris in the days of the Pharaohs of Egypt -- in which Cleopatra first saw the approach of Julius Caesar and Marc Anthony, and -- and so on -- and so on.
Now, you -- you'd better close your eyes, my child, for a moment -- in order to be better in tune with the infinite.
Oh -- yes.
Yes, there's -- there's a woman -- she's.... INSERT -- CU of the photograph - - ...she's wearing a polka-dot dress.... ...her face is careworn.
Well, it's -- it's someone she loves very much.
They're laughing because I am a witch.
But I've never heard of a beautiful.... MCU -- Glinda looks to r.f.g. and speaks -- DOROTHY o.s.
The Munchkins are happy because you have freed them from the Wicked Witch of the East.
(sing) Kansas she says is the name of the star.
(sings) She brings you good news.
(sing) Ding Dong!
(sing) ...low As Mayor of the Munchkin City In the County of the Land of Oz I welcome you most regally But we've got to verify it legally To see... To see?
(sing) Ding Dong!
(sing) Ding Dong!
Rub your eyes, (sing) We represent the Lullaby League, the Lullaby League, (sing) We represent the Lollypop Guild, the Lollypop Guild, (sing) We wish to welcome you to Munchkinland.
Very well -- I'll bide my time -- and as for you, my fine lady, it's true, I can't attend to you here and now as I'd like, but just try to stay out of my way.... MCU -- Witch threatens Dorothy o.s. in f.g.
The only person who might know would be the great and wonderful Wizard of Oz himself!
It's pleasant down that way, too.
That's funny.
Well, oh, dear -- I don't quite see.... Of course, I'm not bright about doing things, but if you'll just.... Oh.... ...yes.
Ohhh -- My, it's good to be.... ...free!
They come from miles.... MCU -- Dorothy listening -- SCARECROW o.s.
Wonderful!
Hooray!
To Oz! (sing) We're off to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz We hear he is a whiz of a Wiz If ever a Wiz there was If ever oh ever a Wiz there was, The Wizard of Oz Oh -- apples -- Oh look!
We've been walking a long ways and I was hungry and -- Did you say.... MCU -- The First Tree -- gestures as it speaks -- She.... ...was hungry!
Hmm! MCU -- First tree reacts, and speaks -- What do you mean - she doesn't want any of those apples?
Hey! Hooray!
Help yourself.
Oh --! Beautiful!
(sings) I'd be tender -- I'd be gentle And awful sentimental Regarding Love and Art I'd be friends with sparrows... (sings) ...And the boy who shoots the arrows If I only had a heart.
I hear a beat....how sweet!
Oh, dear -- That was wonderful!
And as for you, my little.... ...happy journey back to Kansas!
Stuff a mattress with me! Hah! I'll see you reach the Wizard, whether I get a heart of not.
Let her try and make a bee-hive out of me!
No, sir! No, sir! Oh, you're the best friends anybody ever had!
To Oz! (sing) We're off to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz We hear he is a whiz of a Wiz If ever a Wiz there was.
To get him a heart.
Gee, that's -- that's awfully nice of you.
My life.... ...has been simply unbearable.
I'd be brave as a blizzard -- (sings) I'd be gentle as a lizard -- (sings) I'd be clever as a gizzard -- (sings) If the Wizard is a Wizard who will serve.
(sing) Oh, we're off to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
We're off to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz! A-hah! (laughs) So!
When I gain those ruby slippers, my power will be the greatest in Oz!
And now, my beauties!
(laughs) Poppies!
It's beautiful, isn't it?
He really must be a wonderful Wizard to live in a City like that!
It's wonderful!
(laughs) Bring me my wishing cap! I'll call the Winged Monkeys to fetch me those slippers!
(sings) ...das -- (sings) ...And start to work at one Take an hour for lunch.... (sings) ...And then at two we're done Jolly good fun! (sing) Pat, pat here, (sing) Rub, rub here, (sings) We can make a dimpled smile out of a frown -- (sings) Can you even dye my eyes to match my gown?
(sing) Clip, clip here, That certain air of savoir faire In the Merry Old Land of Oz! Ha -- ha -- ha -- Ho -- ho --ho Ho -- ho --ho -- ho Hah! (sing) That's how we laugh the day away In the Merry Old Land of Oz! That's how we laugh.... (sing) ...the day away -- Ha -- ha -- ha -- (etc.)
In the Merry Old Land of Oz! Ha -- ha -- ha -- Who's her? Who's her? It's the Witch!
CS -- Man and Woman looking up to the sky -- To the Wizard!
Well, we'd better hurry if we're going to see the Wizard!
The Great and Powerful Oz has got matters well in hand - I hope -- So you can all go.... ...home -- and there's nothing to worry about.
Orders are -- nobody can see the Great Oz!
Well -- that makes a difference.
He'll announce us at once! I've as good as got my brain!
Long Live the King! (sings) If.... (sings) ...I were King of the Forest, Not Queen, not Duke, not Prince.... (sings) My regal robes of the forest.... CS -- Lion sings -- gestures -- (sings) Would be satin, and not cotton, and not chintz.
As.... (sings) ...I'd click my heel All the trees would kneel And the mountains bow And the bulls kowtow MCU -- Lion -- gestures, grimaces and sings -- (sings) And the sparrow would take wing 'F -- I...'f -- I...were King! (sings) ...genuflect to me.
'F -- I...'f -- I --- were King Just King!.... (sing) Each rabbit would show respect to him The chipmunks genuflect to him And his wife would be Queen of the May.
Why, I'd thrash him from top to bottomamus! Supposin' you met an elephant?
Oh -- and I was so happy!
Auntie Em was so good to me -- and I never appreciated it.
I better wait for you outside.
The Wizard - The Wizard - The Great and Powerful Wizard of Oz - Oz - Oz-Oz - Oz - Oz - Oz - Oz! The Great Wizard of Oz.
I am Oz, the Great and Powerful!
ELS -- Throne -- The Great and Powerful Oz knows why you have come.
You dare to come to me for a heart, do you?
Ohhhh -- yes...yes, sir -- Y-Yes, your Honor.
You see, a while back, we were walking down the Yellow Brick Road, and -- Quiet!
No, but it's wonderful for threatening with.
I do -- I do -- I do -- I do -- I do -- I do! (laughs) You'll believe in more than that before I've finished with you.
Do what you like with the others, but I want her alive and unharmed!
Now, fly! Fly! Bring me that girl and her slippers!
A fine thing - to go to pieces at a time like this! Now, now, don't fret.
We'll get you together!
What a nice little dog!
All in good time, my little pretty -- all in good time.
But the Good Witch of the North told me not to.
That's a good little girl.
That's how much longer you've got to be alive!
Now, that's the best we can do without any pins.
Oh -- (sings) Someday, I'll wake and rub my eyes And in that land beyond the skies You'll find me ---- What's that?
What good'll it do us?
This way! Come on!
Well, I'm going to start in on you right here - one after the other!
Oh - - what a world -- what a world!
Very happy - now she won't be able to hit us with a broom....
Please!
Oh -- thank you so much!
(sing) Ding Dong!
Yeah! Do not arouse the wrath.... ...of the Great and Powerful Oz!
Do you presume to criticize the.... ...Great Oz?
The Great Oz has spoken!
The Great and Powerful ---.... ... -- Oz -- has spoken!
Well, I -- I -- I am the Great and Powerful -- Wizard of Oz.
From the rock-bound coast of Maine to the Sun.... oh - oh, no -- -- ah - Well, be that as it may.
Back where I come from we have universities, seats of great learning -- where men go to become great thinkers.
The sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining side.
Oh joy, rapture!
Well, you can't.
You are now a member of the Legion of Courage!
As for you, my galvanized friend, you want a heart!
Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
I could have been a world figure, a power among men, a - a successful wizard, had I not been obstructed by a heart.
Yes -- .... ...back where I come from there are men who do nothing all day but good deeds.
And their hearts are no bigger than yours.
And remember, my sentimental friend.... ...that a heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
I'm an old Kansas man myself...born and.... ...excellence to the Miracle Wonderland Carnival Company -- until one day, while performing spectacular feats of stratospheric skill never before attempted by civilized man, an unfortunate phenomena occurred.
Then suddenly the wind changed, and the balloon floated down into the heart of this noble city, where I was instantly acclaimed Oz, the First Wizard de Luxe! Ohhh! Times being what they were, I accepted the job, -- retaining my balloon against the advent of a quick get-away.
(laughs) And in that balloon, my dear Dorothy, you and I will return to the land of E Pluribus Unum! Good people of Oz, this is positively the finest exhibition ever to be shown -- (stammers) -- yes -- well -- be that as it may -- I, your Wizard par ardua ad alta, am about to embark upon a hazardous and technically unexplainable journey into the outer stratosphere.
And I hereby decree that until what time -- if any -- that I return, the Scarecrow, by virtue of his highly superior brains, shall rule in my stead...assisted by the Tin Man, by virtue of his magnificent heart...and the Lion -- by virtue of his courage!
Yes, darling.
Oh, we dream lots of silly things when we -- No, Aunt Em -- this was a real, truly live place.
Ya know what I'd love to see?
Be thankful.
My first born - alls I can remember of her now is how she loved the burned bottom of bread.
A blessing.
What is it baby?
No more powerful than the way I loved her.
Like, the place I was at before here - Sweet Home.
Same day my baby was born.
You had that baby, did you?
Damn, never thought you'd make it.
Then she helped herself, God bless her.
That's my daughter.
Well, probably best..If a Negro boy got legs he ought to use them.
Baby, this here's Paul D. Garner...Paul, this is my Denver...Paul's the last of the Sweet Home men.
It's a pleasure.
Good morning, Mr. D. Garner, baby.
She's a fine looking young lady, Sethe.
Fine looking.
Got her daddy's sweet face.
I told you, he's from Sweet Home.
Won't that be nice, having an old friend stay a spell?
Reminds me of that headless bride back behind Sweet Home.
Girl, mind yourself!
It's where I met your father.
Then you two can talk about Sweet Home all night long.
You are a beautiful sight.
And you'll see, baby girl... (smiles) we're gonna have us a liiife..
What I do here - all I ever do - is keep Denver from that other..So if you stay, there's no more talk about Sweet Home or anything else.
We can make a life girl.
Funny?
Good skin, bright hands and strong as a bull.
Can't walk but I passed by Baby Sugg's room this morning and saw her lifting the rocker with one hand.
Paul says you saw Beloved pick up the rocking chair in Baby Suggs room with one hand.
Can I help?
Help what, honey?
Where you go in the morning?
Little after the sun come up.
Where your diamonds?
Diamonds?
A present from Mrs. Garner - woman I worked for at Sweet Home.
Tell me...Tell me about your diamonds... (to Beloved) Ma'am don't talk about Sweet Home.
Well..this lady I worked for in Kentucky gave them to me when I got married.. ..What they called married back then.
Comb it everyday, it won't..
That's your mama - right there.
I had to pack my babies off ahead of me, on their own, so I could stay behind to look for him...Underground agent said by Sunday we had to leave.. Sunday came and he wasn't there.
Not one of them years of Saturdays, Sundays and nighttime extra never touched him.
Yeah that would be nice.
How sweet that would have been.
What's it like where you were before?
I'm small in that place.
And familiar.
Damn daddies never around 'cept for the fun part.
Thank you.
Watch out for that baby, you hear?
Name's Baby Suggs.
Oh my Lord...My sweet Lord thank you.
First we get you well..
..Come on, baby girl..right this way..Mama's waiting.. Pappie come?
Wedding present.
Be nice if there was a groom to go with it.
He wasn't where he said to meet him at.
Crazy girl.
Found that house for her to live in from those friends of his in Ohio... Yep.
You'll be free.
Sethe..baby girl, that ain't gonna happen.
Ain't gonna be no buying us out, like I did with mama.
Same thing they're doing now, honey - only quicker.
Oh yes...You're not one of her Sweet Home men, now are you?
Best you come inside.
I don't have to tell you about Sweet Home.
Good and right.
Look like I loved them more after I got them here.
I had 28 days...28 good days of free life..... ...of getting up like I always did, getting dressed before the sun came out, and then realizing I had to decide myself what to do with the day... ...Days of watching my children sleep away the morning...And taking care of my baby like it was the most important thing I had to do... I'd hear my boys laughing a laugh I ain't never heard.
(with joy) Let your mother's hear you laugh!! Let the grown men come!! Now...you women...I want you to cry.
(laughs) What a sight you are, Stamp.
Worth it though.
It was real nice of him.
One at a time!...And you gotta clean yourself up! Mama says Wednesday.
She says Wednesday.
Your love is too thick, Sethe.
Love is or it isn't.
But first I'm going make up a nice, big breakfast against that cold outside.
No great trouble..Whatever goes on out there goes on with or without me showing up on time... don't matter... (looks at the girls) The world is in this room, baby.
You saying whitefolks won.
You can't do that, Baby.
Don't say nothing to me this morning.
You better get them pies made!
You make it too sweet they don't eat it.
Too sweet.
Was over to Baby Suggs.
That's Baby's kin.
But my love was tough and she back now.
I love her.
The shining in her ears.
It is the face that was going to smile at me in the place where we crouched before I come up out of the blue water.
Sethe's sees me in her and I see the smile.
She is my face smiling at me.
Now we can join..a hot thing.
I'm a take the easy one first.
Mama let me help you.
It's so nice of you to come see me.
How's your family, honey?
Food.
She likes this dress...
(smiles) You Baby Sugg's kin, ain't you?
Yes ma'am.. Well, come on in.
I've been here since I was fourteen and I remember like yesterday when Baby Suggs, holy, came here and sat right where you are.
He and Mr. Bodwin were good friends.
Never be another like her.
They good whitefolks?
They good.
What is it, child?
What's fair ain't necessarily right... (the women listen) Now you all know how I felt about the whole thing.
Look bad? No, You looking good.
This is Baby Suggs quilt.
What, baby?
She was my best thing.
You your best thing, Sethe.
Flesh that weeps, laughs, dances on bare feet in the grass.
Love it.
Love it hard.
Love them.
Raise them up and kiss them.
You got to love it.
You got to love it.
So love your neck; put a hand on it, grace it, stroke it and hold it up.
Love all your inside parts, love 'em..and the beating heart, love that too.
More than lungs that have yet to draw free air, love your heart.
Cole slaw, ice tea? (nodding) Thanks.
Welcome, Howard.
Anyway -- Anyway, I've got to do my tap dance here.
My significant other... heh heh.
(excited) Agent Orange!
Anyway, there are endless color possibilities and I'd be great at it.
Your hair written by Clementine Kruczynski.
Oh, you wouldn't do that; you're trying to be nice.
What is nice, anyway?
Nice is pandering.
And life is more interesting than that.
(stares out window) My embarrassing admission is I really like that you're nice.
But right now I'm glad you said, "that's okay" to me.
Thanks, though.
Oh, excellent choice.
God bless alcohol, is what I say.
Thanks.
My life isn't that interesting.
You're really nice.
And with you I get that you're a really good guy.
Thanks.
You choose to do something with your life -- that's it, that's what you do.
I love her so much.
Good, you've got your stuff.
We use the articles you brought to create a map of Clementine in your brain.
I'm home in my bed.
Good.
We're getting healthy read-outs.
The voltage looks fine.
Does that help?
Yeah, that looks better.
Thanks.
Her name is Clementine and she's amazing.
So alive and spontaneous and passionate and sensitive.
We can help you through this.
Not after the way she was.
And what are you like?
A wino! (laughs) Face it, Joel.
And I'm happy.
Ha! See, remember that girl?
She was beautiful.
So sweet and funky and voluptuous.
I want to have a baby.
I love children!
I'm creative and smart and I'd make a fucking good mother!
Oh, thank God. It's going.
You have no idea how lucky you are I'm interested in you!
I'm glad.
I can help.
No. It's my favorite book.
Generally by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby.
Please!
Plea -- It's amazing, isn't it?
Such a gift Howard gave the world.
It's beautiful.
You look at a baby and it's so fresh, so clean, so free.
You love him, don't you?
Yay! It'll be great!
It was so beautiful and charming.
We lay down right in the center and watched the stars.
I'm just... happy.
Please!
Please!
We can help you through this.
I'm trapped in my head and everything I love is being erased!
... and we made love right on the ice.
It was wonderful.
I'm so excited.
Yay!
I'm excited, too.
It's gorgeous.
(kisses him) Thanks.
You're the most wonderful person I've ever met.
(to Clementine) I love getting bathed in the sink.
(giggling) I've never seen you happier.
That was beautiful to watch, Howard.
Well, thank you, Mary.
I love you, Antoine.
Um... I'll ask you in the morning, honey.
Have a good night.
Happy Birthday.
(unwrapping the gift) Thanks, Joely.
A present! Oh boy! Oh, Joel.
It's beautiful!
I love it!
I'm just happy.
I love this book, Joel.
Thank you so much for telling me about it.
Don't waste your life.
Your hair was red.
Infatuation is good, too.
This was our first time.
I liked that.
I loved the way you smelled.
It's what's best, Mary.
Okay, well, I was so excited... ...Remember you bought me that little wind-up frog?
Come to bed.
The night we met.
The trip to the party where I met Clementine.
You said, things were fine.
This is the night you met Clementine, Joel.
At the time I thought, how cool, an orange sweatshirt.
Your hair was lime green.
Green revolution.
I can't tell you how happy I am to hear that.
I mean, I don't mean I'm happy you're uncomfortable, but, yknow... I'm such a loser.
You liked me?
No, it was lovely.
My favorite thing when I was a kid was my Huckleberry Hound doll.
Enjoy it.
Ah-ha!
You make drinks.
I'm ruthless at the moment.
But you were exciting.
I love you.
Did you have fun?
Thanks.
Listen, did you want to make love?
Make love?
Have sex.
I spoke to my friend Magda.
We've made love.
And we were so sweet and shy and inept with each other last night.
Come over here, sweetheart.
Please.
(laughs) It's sexy that we were like a married couple, griping and overly-familiar and bored.
We should have sex.
You know my body like the back of your hand.
You're so beautiful.
Hey, lover.
You're still excited by my irreverence.
Nice to meet you.
Well, I met this man, Joel, three years ago at a senior dance... We'd both been alone for so long and...
As if I had never existed... -- his eyes used to be so filled with love.
How can I go back to being alone after seeing love?
What had I done with my life?
It seems to me James' strength as a writer is that he doesn't take us by the hand.
And remember: those of you driving V.I.P.s to tonight's cocktail party need to have them at the Chancellor's house no later than 5:30.
Thanks for that.
It was ail so interesting.
It's one of the great cities.
Great.
I see you've met my friend.
She' s charming.
And while my latest has been on the New York Times bestseller list for 40 weeks, I can't help but lament that my first book, which contains what I consider my finest writing, was remaindered in less than five.
Hannah's had two stories published in The Paris Review.
You'd best dust off the 'A' material for her.
You want to keep him happy.
If he' s happy. . .
(kissing her as he exits) I'm happy.
She won it in a penny arcade in Baltimore when she was in Catholic school.
Relax, James.
Oh, James is amazing.
Everett Sioane-- he was good--pills.
Fascinating.
The one she wore on her wedding day?
She must've felt so ...happy.
You're really good friends with the Chancellor, aren't you?
I'm friends with Dr. Gaskell, too.
We, better skedaddle.
Easy now.
You shoe Dr. Gaskell's dog.
Listen, Antonia-- Tony.
He said he hasn't had a success in ten years and everyone in New York thinks he's kind of .a. . .
But I'm sure your book is so good that he'll be able to keep his job.
I'd better go.
Double Dickel on the rocks.
Thanks.
Do you see what I see?
Is it good?
Well, jeez, you're reading his biography, aren't you?
You're welcome.
Good, James.
Good morning, boys.
You better ease off that stuff, James.
Walter's on campus, being the good soldier for WordFest.
Good Morning!
Good Morning! (yelling) James!
How you choose to live your own life is your business.
He's a good kid.
They went to Wellesley together.
My editor's in town and I have the book to finish and-- Ah, right.
I'm having a really good time, Professor Tripp.
I'm really happy for you, James.
But do me a favor, will you?
Jesus... (thinking, then. . . ) Look, James, you appear to possess-like many an aspiring writer before you, by the way-a rather ardent affinity for the stuff of which dreams are made.
We were on our way to a benefit.
Well, that's ail right.
..it might be good for James to be with his family this weekend.
One Christmas, he and my mom were flying up to our house in the Laurentians when the plane went down.
Thank you.
Listen, Hannah.
Hey, I heard all about it--the parents, the grandparents, the China town thing-- and I believe you, okay?
(resuming) Yes? 'His heart...' 'His heart, once capable of inspiring others so completely, could no longer inspire so much as itself.
It beat now only out of habit.
He's great.
(brightening) Yeah.
Sweet dreams, Jimmy.
It's cool, Jeff.
I'm in love with your wife.
I'm in love with her.
No. Nevertheless, I'd like to see you in my office Monday morning.
It's all my- I'm not very happy with you right now, Grady.
I parked it right there last night.
I think I might've said I was in love with you.
I'm telling you, the tango is ail about latent homosexual love.
(laughing) Stop it.
The keys are on the dresser next to.
That good, hub?
I'm not saying the book isn't really great-I mean, really great- but at times it's, well, very detailed, you know, with the genealogies of everyone's horses and ail the dental records and so on-and I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, but it sort of reads, in places, like, well, actually, like... (with trepidation) (stung) Hh huh.
Relax, Vernon... Why's he calling you Vernon?
Please.
(as GRADY looks up) Your book.
It-lives in the mind.
Well, thanks.
Only do me a favor?
Congratulations.
You're good at that.
Scout's honor.
Well, thanks for that, Crabs.
Now, this next one, I think, is especially exciting to announce, because it concerns a student here at the university.
Our own James Leer, a sophomore in English literature, has found a publisher for his first novel, which I believe is called The Lovely Parade.
Thank you, everyone.
Oh? (trying to make her laugh) I guess you have to go on faith.
Does he still love you?
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
I know everybody is in a hurry to work, ready to begin another day in this rat race.
Thank you very much but please don't go without giving us some cheddar, cheese, money.
Good morning, Cheeba.
Good morning to you, Mr. Delapot.
Manray, Sloan says you're too talented to be dancing on the street.
Good morning, Marie.
It's not gonna be a good morning for you if you don't get into Dunwitty's staff meeting.
What I want everyone to do is write some material that is FUNNY.
Thank you, Fish.
What good are you if you don't tell me stuff like this?
That Negroes have no sense of time - time except when it comes to music or dance.
Good.
First things first.
Trust me.
Delacroix, I'm glad you got your mind right.
Good morning, let me introduce you to everybody.
Nice to meet you.
Good.
I've done a lot of soul searching and once again you are right.
If we are ever to live side by side in peace and harmony.
It was a variety show in which the talent was in blackface - singing, dancing, telling jokes, doing skits.
It is called: MANTAN - THE NEW I'm lovin' it.
It will take a lot of courage and backbone on the part of the CNS to get this on the air.
That's a great handle.
Mantan is an uneducated Negro who always by some stroke of unbelievable stupidity makes his best laid plans go haywire.
Earlier you said singing and dancing.
Mantan right here is a gifted hoofer.
Gonna make me get my flow on.
Listen to the full connotations.
It looks delicious.
How's the food?
That's wonderful.
Mommy, please don't call me that.
People show their happiness in a lot of different ways.
That's the way it came out.
Now I'm privileged?! Why?
No, I never ever went to bed hungry and I'm proud of it, too.
The point I'm trying to make is that this is a blessing.
Hey, girl.
This is my best friend, Jessica Grillo.
I invited her down to celebrate with us.
Sloan never told us she had friends like you.
A fresh pair of eyes.
I'm looking at this as a unique opportunity.
I'm a damn good writer and I'm ready to go to work.
Good thing Sloan had my back.
Through Sherman Helmsley, LOUISSEE!!!. "Good Times" was better.
Like the stuff Eddie Murphy used to do on "Saturday Night Live."
We should always be laughing with our characters, not at them.
Now came the fun part, finding the talented performers to cast in the show.
This was amazing.
That's good.
That's right, the Mau-Mau's.
The Mau- Mau's, we be scientists.
Good.
You and Mantan will be huge stars after tonight.
Let's leave the man in peace so he can get ready.
Do a good show.
I want you to meet my lovely wife Verna.
Honey, this is Pierre Delacroix and Sloan Hopkins.
Nice to meet you.
The pleasure is mine.
My husband has been raving about the awesome work you've done.
Congrats in advance.
Divine inspiration?
The redder the lipstick the better.
This is my best friend Sleep 'N Eat.
Ahh, can't you smell the sweet aroma of the ripe watermelons and high cotton?
Well, thank you Mistuh Sleep 'N Eat.
I want to meet her one day, please tell her the great news.
The good stuff.
Good woman.
My game is still strong.
I'ma keep on living, having a good drink, got me a good young woman, make a couple of dollars and make people laugh.
Let's get him over to the bed.
Baby, you treat me so good.
Peerless, you're a good son, I love you.
I love you too, Daddy.
He was excited to see you.
Your father is proud of you.
And I thank him for that.
Everybody say Ho! Ho! That'swhatI'mtalkin'bout! That'swhatI'mtalkin'bout!
I want to be the first to welcome you to the second taping of Mantan - The New Millennium Minstrel Show.
It's easy.
You sound so good to me.
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, without further adieu, let's welcome youknowwhoI'mtalkin'about, your two favorite coons, Da Dusky Duo, our stars Mantan and Sleep 'N Eat.
Tomorrow is her birthday and I want to get her something really nice, like a... No, not that.
It's too funny.
We will be right back with the start of our show, but first, a word from our proud sponsors.
It's 125% pure pleasure MALT LIQUOR.
That's why our scientists developed Da Bomb for you.
It makes my nature rise.
DA BOMB - 125% pure pleasure malt liquor.
It's Git-toe Fabulous.
First, I would like to say I love the show.
That this is fun.
Nice wholesome fun.
Let Myrna finish.
Thank you.
And finally our biggest plus is you, Pierre Delacroix.
So you have your small victory, now what?
That Tom, That Negro... ...that handkerchief head... ...dancing monkey... ...Benedict Arnold... ...that simpleton is holding back the race.
This is a nice place.
He was a great artist.
Let's have a warm nigger applause for our two favorite coons, Mantan and Sleep 'N Eat.
Well, I'll be an Alabama porch monkey's uncle.
My daddy visited us often, fell in love with my stepdaughter and married her.
I looked forward to my awards.
The winner for Best New Sitcom is...
The winner is... Pierre Delacroix for Mantan - The New Millennium Minstrel Show!
It's for you, out of the deep bowels of my heart - I don't deserve this.
Delacroix the grateful Negro.
The winner for Best Sit-Com is... ...Pierre Delacroix for Mantan.
Come on up and get your Golden Globe.
I would be a dancing fool, Hollywood's new favorite Negro, move over Danny, Morgan, Samuel L., move over Whoopi.
Better.
You've made it from the guttermost to the uppermost.
Our guest tonight is the extraordinary, talented performer, Mantan.
Thanks for coming in.
Tavis, thank you for having me.
Before we begin, I want to thank you for coming on my show for your first television interview.
Money makes the world go round.
Do it better.
Mantan - The New Millennium Minstrel Show is UNIVERSAL.
This show makes people think, and they're laughing at the same time.
Quickly let's go to the phones before we pay the bills and hear from our proud sponsors, DA Our first caller is Big Black from Brooklyn.
And another thing, you better stay away from my sister or you better... Ladies and gentlemen, there is no need to go there.
We're friends.
That's why it will be so much fun.
You're an intelligent woman, finished at NYU. DeLa, kiss my big black ass.
You better talk to him.
How you sound?
But I ain't doing no more buck dancing.
I wasn't finished doing my dance.
I'm gonna slide Honeycutt right into ya spot.
For singing and dancing?
The whole world will be watching.
I come to you with a heavy heart.
Help us and in addition you will get a guest-starring speaking role on the next Mantan - The New Millennium Minstrel Show, plus an added bonus: a lifetime of Da Bomb 125% Malt Liquor.
They made me part of them against my own free will.
I'm WHITE.
I'm WHITE!
Everything I did, no matter how great or small, was always extraordinary to her.
Goodbye cousins, and please tune in next week for the Best of Mantan - The New Millennium Minstrel Show.
For the love of Joseph and Mary, what have I done?
My God, what have I done?! You've been had.
Good evening.
There's going to be party!
Start the video.
Haul ass! 'Morning.
Jill, stop with the book and eat your breakfast.
Ah, family life.
Reminds me why I stay single.
Two, while my suit's fresh, you're dressed for the occasion.
Nice and cool up there, Burnett?
Listen, Cedras.
I love cops.
I got a family that counts on me.
Wow, Maxi.
Lemme get a good look.
That was the deal, yeah?
I have four more days until I make the deal.
(hand over phone) Following this Lois Fields lead.
How can I help you?
Okay, good.
As in good.
My place is good.
Your children good?
Welcome to Casa del Lowrey.
Satisfied?
Good.
(switches it off) Well, gotta run... There's probably a couple of good steaks in the fridge for the dogs.
Help yourself to whatever.
It's a one-way hug.
Thank you.
And so help me God, Elliot.
At least your timing's good.
Thanks.
Man, when this is over, I'm gonna get me somethin' better than quality time.
This ensemble never looked so good.
Listen, Mike.
Saved your life?
Good family man, that Marcus.
It's a good thing that I'm secure in my manhood to see that you don't mean that.
The shooter said four days until he makes the deal.
The CAMERA STARTS ON a beautiful SHOT of Julie sleeping in the bedroom, then PULLS BACK AND SWIVELS to reveal Burnett on the couch.
Lowrey walks by his own cherished Porsche on the way in.
Lowrey's BEEPER SOUNDS.
Yeah, what's up, baby.
So, baby.
Don't break up a happy home.
Listen, I read the parole jacket on this guy Noah.
Sweet guy.
So? He's a new recruit.
'Fresh Days.'
Sounds good to me.
Lowrey moves off and Burnett turns to the female Gin and tonic... (smiling, with Lowrey's platinum card) ...
Musta drank about a million Budweisers tonight, waitin' for my ol' friend Noah to show.
(starts moving her toward exit) Well, whatever he said, you remember to tell me later.
The music's too loud.
He's very something ... sexy.
And it was exciting...
I'm feeling a little... funny.
Funny?
Do you feel a little funny?
Theresa turns, looking transformed in the outfit put together by Lowery.
Baby.
Get ready!
Good night, Uncle Mike.
G'night, everybody.
Good runnin' into you, Jojo.
Hey, calm down.
Hi, Theresa... honey.
Burnett and Lowrey to the RIGHT.
Fouchet is the first one to draw down.
You're the best pet I've ever had.
The power light is green.
Finally, Ruiz has had enough.
Alive and well.
Big grins, helping Burnett to his feet.
Hey, hey... (then with a smile) Let's go get our jobs back.
They hug and kiss, Theresa tossing a wink Lowrey's way.
Peace.
She kisses him.
As a nurse, parting the security guards, emerges and holds up a plump, serene, smiling baby boy.
The serene baby.
(moved) Vincent -- Every time I loved something I called it Vincent -- I called my first computer Vincent! (suddenly spins; starts off) I have to find him!
* (in Japanese; subtitled) It was an honor to study under you, Master.
And...? Well, if a woman loved my brother enough to marry him, she might have a sister who'd feel the same way about me.
You sleep well, honey?
I love this new mattress.
And I love this new clock.
* You've done a great job on this room, Carla.
I'm doing great!
(realizing) Sorry -- I've never heard this music before -- I love it.
TWINS - Rev. 4/27/88 16. * grabbing him, all of them brave and heroic -- a lot of commotion -- shouts of "I've got him," "Don't move," etc. retrieving the hardcover Bible from the floor and -- as Julius smiles reassuringly, returns her Bible to her, sits back in his seat.
(gently; calming her) His mischief shall return upon his own hand, and his violent dealing shall come down upon his own head -- Psalm 7:16.
Julius exits the terminal surrounded by Orientals.
Marnie is a fireball of a girl, all brass and sass on the outside and sweet as cotton candy on the inside, sort of a Jean Harlow valley girl.
Marnie's sister, LINDA, also a cocktail waitress, slips into the booth and gives Vince a big kiss.
Vince takes Linda's hand between his and stares into her eyes.
(moved) That is so beautiful.
You inspire me.
He is also the smallest of the Klane brothers: BURT KLANE.
A sweet smile.
* So, this is where my brother grew up.
I'm glad he had so many friends to play with.
Was he a good athlete?
I'm certain that God had a purpose when he created Vincent Benedict, but it had nothing to do with chess or poetry.
He looks happy -- * (sighing) He should -- that's Sister Maria, * his biology teacher.
Sweet smile as the door is closed and we -- TWINS - Rev. 4/27/88 30.
Visitor.
This is a big moment for Julius and he looks around as various prisoners are brought in -- -- and as a look of pleasure comes across his face -- leading an attractive, powerful inmate into the room.
Julius makes a smile.
(stops) Oh, before I forget... Happy birthday...
She hands him a gift-wrapped present which he opens.
'Aqua-Velva' -- you shouldn't have -- She takes her purse, smiles, goes.
(thrilled) Great, I'll be right over.
He finally manages to look up at the giant -- (gasping) Did you hit me yet?
Good.
(happily) We're twins.
(happy) I like it when you hit people!
But you're so good at it.
* * Suddenly Vince bangs his forehead with the palm of his hand.
I'd love to.
Is Marnie your girl friend, too?
That's the best way -- women love men who are mysterious and devious.
It keeps them on their toes -- makes them excited you know what I mean?
The secret to take-out veal Parmesan is adding a little extra cheese.
Dinner is served!
Julius smiles and we -- A man, pushing forty, appears, taking a keychain with a caddy fob on it from his pocket.
He looks at the Cadillac key.
One of * our fathers was a famous football player, another one was a physicist at M.I.T. -- He won the Nobel Prize.
I got sent to an orphanage while you were brought up in a tropical paradise by this scientist you do research for, but who doesn't actually pay you because you don't need money.
It's every orphan's fantasy: 'My real Mom and Dad were rich and beautiful, but there was a mix-up at the hospital and I got switched with another baby...
My treasure!
How can we make it up to you?"' (a beat) I'm telling you this for your own good, Julius.
We haven't forgotten about you, Benedict -- You better have our money tomorrow morning.
New Caddy?
The car's okay -- I'll give you three grand.
Okay, four grand.
McKINLEY'S OFFICE - DAY 102 * McKINLEY * Well, bring it to me, son, and let me enrich you.
McKINLEY'S OFFICE - CLOSEUP - McKINLEY - DAY 106 McKINLEY Don't 'but' me, the deal is five -- I can do better than five here.
(staring at the written $5,000,000) I'll just have to find it in my heart to live with your offer... Five million dollars!
(to Carla) My best friend who's been screwing my wife for three years.
He's my friend.
Thanks for saving me.
I love you too, Carla.
(singing) 'Going back to Houston, Houston, Houston...' (startled) Jesus! (panting) Vince, the most amazing thing has happened.
(patronizing) Great.
(excited) -- New Mexico is on the way to Houston.
This is fate -- destiny -- But there's no way I'm gonna drive for 1500 miles with you smelling like that -- (calming down) You're right -- I'll take a shower -- be right back -- (to himself) Why does everybody have to like me so much?
Happy birthday, Vince.
throws open the door, with a big smile on her face.
Interesting genetic pool.
(polite, as he leaves) Have a good, good day.
A sign reads: WELCOME TO ARIZONA.
(finally getting it) We can't all be born beautiful like you, Vince.
Let's rock and roll.
(to the girls) It's his first T-shirt.
And remember, I was taken to a beautiful island, protected, educated, loved, given every opportunity to grow, to dream, to create.
(a beat) We can be a family.
You look better, put it that way.
I read the book.
You got to walk like you're moving in time to music.
* Wow! (excited) We know where to find our momma!
* Tommorrow we're going to finally meet our mother.
And tonight we celebrate!
Dance?
You dance with them?
The SONG ENDS -- Everyone applauds -- Our two couples head over to their table.
Er... no... Actually it was invented by the Assyrians, but the Eygptians were the first people to perfect the malt fermentation process.
All theory, no practice -- the story of my life!
Julius, embarrassed, looks over at Marnie, who's smiling sweetly at him.
(laughing) You're getting there.
Julius smiles.
(wary) He's starting that funny talk again... TWINS - Rev. 5/9/88 107.
Meet my cousins.
We danced the waltz.
We get into a fight -- We've got this great room.
Oh yes it does.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
This is better... Good night.
Good night.
Thanks.
Oh, great!
Julius gave me a few pointers -- (counting) -- Seventy-five -- seventy-six -- I don't need to exercise, but Mom's gonna see me for the first * time in thirty-five years, I wanna look my best.
She'll love you whatever you look like.
* I promise not to try and make you happy unless you want me to.
(shifting gears) It's gonna be great -- taking my best girl to meet my mom.
Julius is equally dazed and happy.
They start to kiss and we start to hear four RAUCOUS VOICES singing a great old ROCK SONG a capella.
It's our heroes singing.
No -- This is an artist's colony; there's a lot of painters.
Julius, still carrying his bouquet, picks up Vince's flowers, then places the two bouquets into a niche in the wall.
Marnie joins him and adds her flowers.
You ought to be so proud of your mother, Vince.
I'll be there tomorrow -- where do we meet and trade?
Nobody ever said being good was easy.
Webster smiles and backs off down the stream of gas, still holding out the cigarette.
(smiling) Duck.
The matter of you and me living together.
They're laughing.
Slowly... thru thru 180 180 Smiling happily.
(to baby #2) What a surprise -- so do you.
Thanks.
Mrs. Mulwray, do you love your husband?
That's what you spent your day doing?
(to Duffy, as they pass) Let's have a big smile, pal.
What do you do to make ends meet?
I make an honest living.
I make an honest living.
Jake, listen.
Iced tea.
Fine, thank you.
I'm not in business to be loved, but I am in business, and believe me, whoever set up your husband, set me up.
You've done well by yourself.
(smiles) And I'm out of Chinatown.
Congratulations.
Oh yes.
(finally) The water.
(grumbling) Goddam Florsheim shoe, goddammit.
(a dazzling smile) We'll have dinner at Chasen's twice a week, we'll be pissing on ice the rest of our lives.
Well, I'm a working girl, Mr. Gittes.
I was grateful.
Did you have affairs?
(softly) Another satisfied client?
Another satisfied client's wife.
Are you happy, are you happy now?
Well I'm on my lunch hour.
So you married your father's business partner?
They haven't spoken to this day.
(surprised) That right?...
She was a wild little thing.
(smiling a little) Well, you never know, do you?
I'll give you that.
Love the smell of it.
(continuing; smiling, almost enthusiastic) Always the same.
That's life, Mr. Gittes.
Let's have breakfast.
(continuing) I've got the photographs in my office.
(a long pause, then:) My daughter.
Hollis Mulwray made this city and he made me a fortune...
We got it, baby.
Be happy to show you.
(stitching, smiles) I'm not.
(handing Gittes his drink) I gave everybody the night off.
Well, I'm only judging on the basis of one afternoon and an evening, but if that's how you go about your work, I'd say you're lucky to get through a whole day.
I want you to listen to me.
Okay, give me the keys.
(finally) I would never ever have harmed Hollis.
I loved him more than my own family.
I just wanted him to be happy... (after a moment) I took your husband's Buick... (he opens the car door) I'll return it tomorrow.
Good night.
I want those photographs, Gittes.
Sophie... is Walsh there?... yeah, listen, pal, Escobar's going to try and book me in about five minutes... relax, I'll tell you.
If you don't hear from me, you and Duffy meet me at 1712 Alameda.
She lives in Pedro.
Care to join us?
How about a glass of wine?
(smiling) Okay, you got yourself a boat.
Oh, my, yes.
How much better can you eat?
(a long moment, then:) The future, Mr. Gittes.
We're excited.
So Ray met the family.
Oh, the whole family loved him.
Everybody loves me.
Ha, ha, ha.
About seven years ago she falls in love with this Vietnamese guy who wants to marry her so he can stay in the country.
(pause) She's got a nice little boy, though.
Now here's the beauty part.
(laughs) Dynamite.
(overwhelmed) Cool.
I picked you because you had kind of a relaxed, go-with-the-flow quality.
You'd better be good.
That's like... telling a guy before you have sex you'd better be good.
The Real TV press release on this promises that none of it will be scripted, none of it will be edited and in my opinion, none of it will be interesting.
(mock cheerful) Well, we're off to a great start.
Oh, great.
(to the camera) Best pizza in New Jersey.
(pulls her hands down) Show your face, you look great.
(to Ed) Doesn't she look great.
Great.
You do though, you look great.
No, no, I -- as soon as you came in tonight I said to John, "Boy Shari looks beautiful."
She likes the Ed guy better than she likes the brother.
Read your book.
It's like Chinese -- (quickly backtracking) It's not like Chinese! Chinese is, I'm sure, a beautiful language and they write ... beautifully.
It's a joyous celebration of boobery.
He makes funny comments.
He's really a good guy.
Why are you giving me a song-and-dance about being tired?
Good night.
He got this out of his system now and he knows it's not worth it and, you know, someday if you guys got married or something -- Ha! Okay ... (poking Ed as she talks) I've got news for you-- I never intended to marry him.
I mean, I told Ray -- a couple of times -- that I thought you were one of the best and ... smartest and... most attractive women I've ever seen so... Kiss him!
Kiss him!
I win! Scharlach, you schmuck!
It's... okay I kissed my boyfriend's brother on television!
Well, when you put it that way.
Stay calm.
I'd better go.
Hi, Al. (excited) Look.
You promised me.
And we... were intimate.
Ed... we love you!
Soaring is good, right?
And all the kids stared calling me "Pumpkin Ass." "Hey Pumpkin Ass," -- for like a year.
So, now, I feel like everyone's watching me and, you know, I'm "Pumpkin Ass" again.
I think you are fantastic.
This is so exciting!
Yeah, well... It's really a tremendous turnoff.
(excited) Yeah?!
Stand back -- I'm about to do my Happy Dance.
Well, welve had pet rocks, hula hoops, Davy Crockett, Beatle wigs, and leisure suits.
Keep up the good work.
Oh great.
(to John) You ready?
You did good.
(to the camera) Honey, if you're watching this is for you.
No! Don't -- (new subject) Oh, wow.
(to repairman) How much is a new coil?
They celebrated the common person.
Only celebrities now.
You used to cover your ears with dinner rolls.
Also, no job was ever good enough for him.
He had a woman in my own bed!
I love you! 1 want to marry you!
That girl, Jill, that Ed met at the Letterman show.
Great line.
(surprised) That's your dog.
And you bring a movie.
This is Haitian Love Juice.
He's buying wine!
Good?
That's good.
It came out great!
Fame, itself, is now a moral good in this country.
(yelling down) Okay, is that funny?
Was that funny?! Of more concern than the sag in Ed's ratings is what viewers are feeling about him now.
The positives are down and the negatives are up.
Create more moments like the table thing.
I don't know, I still love this guy.
Ooh, the sister!
"Cheers" went off.
(nervously) I'm fine.
I ... Good.
"Lovely Rita, the Meter Maid... (whispers) Don't tell Al.
on today's Oprah.
Ed's family is the tip of the iceberg.
(too loudly) That's not funny!! I'11 take it.
He's not in such good shape as I am, but... I'm looking forward to the pillow fights.
I love you.
I love you, too.
(cringes) Ma... I'm a tramp (pulls on the sleeve of the man next to her) Meet your new father.
The whole nation is laughing at us!
And how is this helping?
I -- Oh, but that book you wrote was a real love-letter.
Oh great.
Thank you.
... It's a masterpiece.
Ooh -- she was nice.
I told you, I'm the love coroner.
About let's start having more fun with this show, you know?
Let's have a contest.
My lovely assistant, Shari.
I'm glad you asked.
And listen, i've really loved working here.
We have a winner.
And the winner is ... Hey, the winner is from right here in New York city.
As it was explained to me, what happens is-- And the man of the hour -- the executive with the winning secret the man who, thanks to the miracle of space-age science and a pump he keeps in his pocket, can now -- And that concludes Real TV's coverage of Ed TV.
(Darkly) Oh, yes.
Which of course is what is so wonderful about them.
Good for you.
Jenny smiles.
Thank you.
David stares after her for a moment, then drives off.
Jenny, her parents and Graham are eating afternoon tea - neat fish-paste sandwiches, Battenberg cake, best china.
She's fine, thanks.
She sends her best, by the way.
Jack stares at the flowers in disbelief.
He looks out of place - he is brighter and brasher than his surroundings, the most colourful thing in the room, and he seems intimidatingly exotic.
He offers his hand.
Marjorie giggles, and then offers her hand.
Marjorie smiles.
Thank you.
Jack smiles broadly.
Well, it's Friday night.
Marjorie extends her hand.
Have a nice time.
Next Friday morning.
That would be lovely.
Oh, hello, love.
Did you have a nice time?
We finish tea at seven.
It was...It was the best night of my life.
Goodnight, Mum.
And I'm glad you enjoyed the concert.
Laughter.
More laughter.
`Jane Eyre' and Jenny's new boyfriend.
Laughter.
She starts to hand out essays.
A bit of art dealing.
They are surrounded by what appears to be all their worldly goods.
Then he takes out a bunch of keys and ushers the family down the path.
The girls are different, more serious, less fun, and the atmosphere is more sombre.
On the coffee table in front of them is the test, covered in red ink.
Everyone's doing their best, Jack.
Oh, yes.
That's the beauty of life, Jenny.
Grows on trees.
Wonderful, isn't it?
(He warms to his theme, and grows progressively more berserk.)
We've got a lovely Oxford tree in the garden, lucky for you, so that's Oxford taken care of.
Charming!
Jenny is wearing a floaty print dress that she has borrowed from Helen, and there are lots of other beautiful clothes strewn about the place.
Thank you.
Good for you.
Well...Golly.
When's your birthday?
The Bristol on the country road to Oxford.
Jenny catches a quick glimpse of a dreaming spire.
With the pleasure of meeting you.
Laughter.
The others laugh.
Helen looks pleased.
(Beat) Thank you.
I had a nice time.
Excitement's a lot, when you're at school and you live in Twickenham.
And I never did anything before I met you.
That's a good place to end the weekend.
Thank you.
They kiss gently and tenderly.
Did you have a nice time?
Lovely, thank you.
Was he nice to you? Jenny unzips her bag and pulls out her copy of the book.
Beautiful.
I like him more and more.
Christmas is coming.
Hearty laughter from the two men.
Before you start on that little lot , I have a surprise.
Next weekend, we're all going to Chez Georges to celebrate Jenny's birthday.
(flatly) Lovely.
Jenny giggles her delight.
Jack's smile is a little more forced.
He smiles broadly.
Jenny catches David's eye and smiles.
She sees the small girl and shoos her out.
These last few months, I've been to Paris, and to jazz clubs, and I've eaten in wonderful restaurants, and seen wonderful films, heard beautiful music... I'm sure you have.
But I was filled up with beautiful things, books and music and conversation, in exactly the same way at Cambridge.
But... (coldly) You'd better get to your next class.
Danny and David laugh.
Fantastic.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
But it's much better than it was, isn't it, Minnie?
The girls smile and clink glasses.
Well, I'm not sure you'd want him to marry your sister.
They both chuckle.
Some are messing about by overacting; others read to the best of their ability, tonelessly and with no understanding of the words.
Sings whoop jug I love thee.
Yes, when it says `Sings', it means he sings those words.
Ha! Waking?
Jenny stares back at her defiantly.
I'M GOING TO BE A There is an excited susurration in the classroom.
We won't be getting married in a church.
The headmistress stares at her, dumbfounded.
Jenny smiles to herself.
So my choice is either to do something hard and boring, OR to marry my... my Jew, and go to Paris and Rome and listen to jazz and read and eat good food in nice restaurants and have fun.
Jenny looks great, as usual; her mother looks smart, if somewhat old- fashioned.
He'll find a nice place in no time.
I'm not sure he sees plenty of nice places.
Would you like a radiogram for a wedding present?
We love ours.
He looks like a little boy who has been made to put on his Sunday best.
I'll be happy here with a tin of... David enters the room.
He is relaxed, happy.
Everybody ready?
Their wine list is as good as anything I've seen in London.
Everyone happy?
Is that a good thing?
Jenny laughs, mirthlessly, then starts to weep.
There's a cup of tea for you here.
(bitterly) It's a funny world you people live in.
And I must confess that it gives me a sort of grim satisfaction to return the sentiment now.
(bitterly) Is it really so grim, your satisfaction?
That's the thing about our lives, isn't it?
Congratulations.
I swear to god, this is the most exciting thing that's ever happened to me.
Congratulations.
Thank you SO MUCH.
Sounds foolproof.
That would be - amazing.
A prospective client.
It doesn't have to be like that.
Hey, babe.
Hey honey.
It was my baby sister.
That's great.
Going against nature is like that cat who started nursing that monkey.
I had fun the other night.
It's amazing where 10 shots of Patron will get you.
So... Are we good here?
No. We're good.
He said it was nice meeting me.
I don't care if he said you were his favorite female since his mommy and Joanie Cunningham.
Smart and cute.
No. Cute and sexy are in the looks column.
Especially sexy.
I better go.
Hey babe, is this straight?
I love it there.
Is that funny?
We've been together over seven years.
He asked me to marry him on the phone, because he's just so different and cool like that.
Said he'd eventually get me a ring, which he didn't, but he did buy himself a ring because isn't that so hilarious and cool that the guy is wearing the ring?
Isn't that a cute name?
And giving it a fun name that you can put on t-shirts.
(looks at the baby, smiles) I left him.
Everything's fine.
You've already created the perfect family in this house, and we don't even have drywall.
You go back to the office after happy hour?
What's happy about that?
So young.
Everything you learned in that relationship is just gonna make the next one so much stronger.
But a girl can dream.
Why? It'll be good for me.
You're really hot and I'm obviously attracted to you, but I guess the best I can do is eventually find this piece of paper, and call you, and hope I help in some small way with your career, and be happy about that.
So I meet him at happy hour and he was completely charming -- Lemme guess - he said the only thing happy about this hour is you.
He took mine first, but then he -- And, if a guy wants to see you, he will see you.
Thanks.
We met at a coffee shop in 1971.
It was amazing.
I can't wait to kiss you again.
We're kissing right now.
The second date kiss is way more intimate.
Well, I'm going out of town tomorrow - so I'll be out of touch for a bit.
OK, I don't know why I'm saying this - but I actually think I know a nice guy who you might like.
He's a friend of my brother's.
We'll all meet for a drink - it'll be good.
A couple of innocent folks - by happenstance - doing their daily workout near one another.
Thank you.
So, friends, right?
You may be the best friend I've ever had.
Honey - you smell different.
Please.
We have like eight thousand undocumented workers in this house daily.
Honey, I'm not lying.
Awesome.
Watch -- Man, you have a gift.
You love it.
See, you thrive on drama.
That's beautiful.
Thanks.
It looks good.
He does good work.
Good.
But, we're good here, right?
Okay, great.
The molding really does look great.
Your friend Mary's a genius.
That's great.
It's Saturday night.
Thank god.
I was just gonna work on it with you but - if you're comfortable...great.
Awesome.
(she hugs Gigi) Who's this now?
Alex is Watts because Watts helps Eric Stoltz go on a date with Amanda Jones, but really she's in love with Eric Stoltz herself.
At first they were small - like when I first called he said "Good to hear from you" - Totally good sign.
He called her "babe."
It's Brother Phoenix East-Horse.
Thanks for the tip.
Thanks.
I'm good.
Thank you.
Great party.
Thanks.
Thanks for mixing that up.
My mom is finally taking a nap.
I finally got mom to lay down in the spare room.
And Laura, your husband would really like a beer to go with his fifth consecutive hour of the golf channel.
That takes courage.
I used to be fun.
I was fun when we met.
You're still fun.
When he said it was hauntingly beautiful?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I've been seeing this guy - who is exciting and amazing and thoroughly unavailable.
Well, your father and I had a glorious life together.
But let me tell you this - life with him was a hell of a lot better than life is without him.
Hey, sweetie.
I love hanging out, but I am so attracted to you, and I just - I want both.
I want to make love to you.
She LAUGHS.
They KISS.
Nah, we're good.
THE HOUSE LOOKS BEAUTIFUL.
So when you say "done" - you don't mean "we still need plumbing in the upstairs bathrooms done" - you mean "done done"?...Wow - you're amazing...OK...I'll call when I see it...Bye.
A nice evening.
You're very welcome.
Gigi smiles.
It was nice meeting you.
Thank you for a lovely evening.
THE Gigi tries, without success, to suppress a SMILE.
A PIANO starts to play on a tiny stage - empty.
And begins to SING.
As she sings, she begins to gain confidence.
She looks down and laughs.
That's really gonna free up a lot of space.
I love you so much.
I want to make you happy.
I need to make you happy for me to even have a shot at being happy, too.
Neil gets up and KISSES HER.
They kiss, passionately, for a long moment.
That's rich.
(smiles & points to him) Oh yeah!
I can thank you for that.
I'm... I'm really proud of you, Frances.
Thanks, Dad.
When you're proud of what you are, you don't refuse the label, understand?
And you... should be proud.
You won that contest and made a name for yourself.
What do they do for you, Kaminski and his friends?
Yeah, it's a gift.
Yeah, but if I win this trip, Mama'll kill me.
You can make good money at it.
(pregnant pause... smile...) For starters.
It isn't in your hands, Mama.
Besides, Russia has the greatest theatre company in the world.
Bless you, sister, bless you.
I love you, Mama.
(turns to her father) I love you, Dad.
(hugging her) Be careful, Francie.
(Photo Lillian & Frances) (Photo Lillian) Visits Moscow Art Theatre...
Hobbies?
Now listen: you spend lots of time at the beach.
And you're the kind of girl who's just a little in love with love.
Hobbies?
Look, I... (writing in notepad) Beach... dancing... in love with love.
Good morning, Mr. Bebe!
(also staring down) Yup.
(smiling) I know what ability you're interested in.
Good.
Oh, Mr. Bebe, good morning.
You have the classical bone structure of the very great beauties... Garbo, Dietrich -- Thank you -- I intend to make a great deal of money off you.
I guess it's no secret that I'm proud.
Smile, little sister, smile.
Miss Farmer, I can't tell you how proud I am to meet you.
(excited) Hot damn!
The writer writes, the director directs, and the actress...' (laughing) ...acts.
The point is, Mr. Odets here has written a wonderful play.
I think we live in a time when new art works should shoot bullets... and you make very attractive ammunition.
Yes, you win them, you bring them into your heart, touch them, but you don't set them on fire!
I'm glad you liked the play.
Boy, I'd love to... but I'm going to Hollywood.
(smiling) Are you an actor?
'But how do I know you love me?' Your big speech?
Take me home with you.' (smiling) I already have.
How's it sound?
A rich actress.
That's the deal.
I loved him, I loved him... that bastard.
Calm down, Frances.
Come on, she's an important columnist!
Thank you.
Cool off, beautiful.
God, you bore me.
Help yourself.
And? Well... to get a crack at something good, you gotta earn it, you gotta climb the ladder first.
Well, like the man said: "You can make a fresh start with your last breath."
Hey! I'll have my bread and water in bed! Hey Frances!
Why don't you comb your hair, okay?
I can smell it from here, Your Honor.
Fine! (rising) You are a deeply troubled young lady...
Help me!
Mama, what's... Shhh, shhh.
(smiling) First things first, little sister.
Trust me.
Why it's beautiful here!
Good afternoon, Doctor.
You be a good girl.
Everything will be fine.
I'm glad to see you haven't lost your sense of humor.
I feel I've known you for a long time... you see, I've followed your career... you're a fascinating case... I'm looking forward to resolving your predicament.
And here's one from nice Mr. Zeiss.
You shouldn't be bothering yourself with these right now.
Did you enjoy your mother's visit?
(slightly edgy) No... What I mean is... I'm just very excited by the prospect of getting on with my life, that's all.
(laughing) What?
I'm ready to get out!
(friendly) You've looked a whole lot better.
I love my baths.
Evening, gorgeous.
(smiling) ...Take advantage of me.
(smiling) How ya doin', Al?
Frances, play 'Flow Gently Sweet Afton'.
Please.
It would make me so happy.
It's just a flow gently sweet Afton day.
Life has been so good to me.
For a walk, Mama.
(smiling) I'll have lunch ready by one.
Promise?
I promise I'll...
I promise, Mama.
Yes, Mama.
I love you.
I love you too, Francie.
I'm back, Mama.
And I love you.
I'm ready to get on with it.
(smiling) Listen to yourself, Frances.
Watch out, Harry.
Oh, God! Let's get her out of here tonight, right now! Let's take her with us!
(tenderly) You'll be okay, honey.
Tell 'em you were crazy as a loon and they cured you and you're grateful.
What're you gonna tell 'em? (groggily) I'm grateful... grateful.
I'm grateful!
I'm grateful!
Good.
I love you, Harry.
I love you.
I love you too, Frances.
I hope I can make you all proud of me.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Of course, she hasn't anything definite in mind.
Who did your hair, Frances?
Right, Mama?
It's a miracle.
Why? It's such a simple thing.
You can tell Mama I jumped out.
But I'm not you, mother, and I never will be, and thank god for it!
You can't pretend I love you because I don't.
(walking out the door) Okay, boys, I'm ready.
We shall hear the angels, we shall see the whole sky all diamonds... ...Best deal I ever made.
I love you, Harry.
I love... Take me home, Harry.
This procedure works best on patients with extreme over-reactions to emotional stimuli.
Patients become like good solid cake with no icing.
They capture the mind by first seducing the heart.
Thank you, Mrs. Farmer.
That'll brighten her day.
Thanks to Tom Andrews, of Amity Aqua- Sports, for contributing the special decorations.
Good speech.
Thank you, thank you.
(to Brody) Fantastic lady.
(looking around) Y'know, Brody -- for the first time in years it's worth putting money into this town.
My cousin will be here tomorrow.
Great.
Get a dance yet?
She's Ed's girl friend.
Because they're playing our song.
Listen -- what are you doing later?
(kissing) Good.
Better yet.
(taking the ticket) Better get a sales kit together for after lunch.
Quick -- I'm in love.
Coming up! Gangway, Turkies!
Thanks.
Rich people.
Grace Kinney is driving my boy to distraction.
Hendricks, get a description of that dance.
Great!
Help! God, help!
One minute they were having a wonderful time, the next, bang!
Please?
Oh, great.
It's good with coffee.
Good morning -- everyone up early today?
First things first.
And sound.
Sound.
You stay right here.
Look -- can Great White Sharks communicate?
In New England?
Not till next year.
You're beached.
(he raises his voice) Mike! Keep it down, for chrissake!
During the summer, the sun sets right there... (she points) Over the water.
Beautiful.
(good-naturedly) His job.
I'm helping.
This is fun!
Yay! That's my dad! (to Peterson) Wave to my son.
Mrs. Bryant, Len, please... Brody's a good man.
The man's a menace, plain and simple.
Well, yeah, I did, that's the funny thing.
Martin, this is kind of an official meeting Perfect.
A Great White!
I'll pay for it.
Take it easy... Easy... Is dad home?
Hey, Mike -- I saw your dad over at the town hall.
Early, spend the day.
It'll be fun, come on!
(to the crowd) Who's bringing the wine?
Great.
Good morning, America... What're you going to do today?
Have a nice day.
If you're beached, why are we doing this?
For practice?
We can make a few bucks working at the beach.
I'm not in the way.
Great!
First things first.
(kissing her) Mmmmmm.
I'm getting new sails, then watch out.
Easy...
I love it.
Yee-hah!
Hey! Wait for the H.M.S. Invincible! Can't -- we're watching a race!
We better go back in.
It's not going to be easy.
Lighthouse, everybody... Make way for the Carrier Enterprise! Make that the Titanic.
(to Hendricks and Ellen) I need a hand here... Tina, baby... what is it?
If he liked your boat, I got some sneakers he'll love.
We'll meet you over by Francis Shoal.
Why don't you take us! (calming her) It's an observation spotter, he doesn't have the room... Listen.
(alone) Dear Jesus, Holy Mary, Mother of God, help us, please... (her lips move inaudibly) (to Doug) Keep her warm.
Baby?
(praying aloud) God, please help us, Merciful Father, in Christ's name, we beg you, help us, please, Dear God, save us, help us, please, God, help... Thank Christ.
It's Dad! Easy, easy -- you'll swamp us!
I'm okay, baby, I'm here.
Get on the rocks!
(deep southern accent) Congratulations, you got yourself a rag head, my man.
Spirits are high and the music is boisterous as these young troops celebrate -- Shit.
Bon dieu de merde, that's a lot of gold, man.
OK, go do your celebration story, Bill.
Waaaa-hooooo-- You're heroes.
We're heroes.
'If tomorrow all the things were gone that I worked for all my life and I had to start again with just my children and my wife--' 'I'd thank my lucky stars to -- '--be livin' here today because the flag still stands for freedom and they can't take that awayyyyy --' (screaming the song) And I'm proud I to be an American, where at least I know I'm free.
Important enough to squeeze your cheeks for.
This is a huge win for us.
Running the press pool's a real big win for me.
He's a good kid.
Excellent.
We're cool for at least three hours, but keep Walter on the door.
Man, get an awesome stereo system with like ten BOS speakers -- Silver Lexus convertible.
I put my life on the line for what purpose I'm not sure, and now the good Lord puts this map in my path -- He could put a land mine in your path if we try to find this place -- You're safe with me.
Did you good soldiers present this map to Captain Van Meter?
It could be nothing but a sandy love letter from one Eye-raqi to another -- It's a series of bunkers near Karbala.
Recon photos match the map.
That's what makes Rangers badass, we get the best flashlights.
Unless the three kings are in love with their day jobs.
Archie drives and moves his hand to the Bach.
I gave you a better arc, Doc.
Blacks make better receivers than quarterbacks.
Warren Moon is an excellent quarterback.
Can we play the Beach Boys when we go in?
I'm not ashamed of liking the Beach Boys.
Better than Mozart.
Remain calm.
Ya'll be cool now, this is the U.S. Marines in charge here.
I am love United States of Freedom.
Ya -- ya -- ha -- Let him go.
What is the most important thing in life?
Rock and roll.
Karbala's the new hotspot, and I'm driving.
Newest and best.
We cooperate with peace accord.
We can help them first, then be on our way.
Stay cool.
I'm working on that right now, baby.
Listen, honey -- What date are you coming home?
Listen -- I'm henpecking you.
That I love you.
Spirits are high and the music is soaring as these young troops celebrate -- I'm being held captive by Iraqi troops in the gritty city of Karbala, where Shiite -- You said gritty city again.
I am King of Pop in my hotel with the small boys.
Yeah, he like to fahk them up the ass.
Do they care, buddy?
He is asleeping with his toy doll when.
I have a daughter.
We broke the peace- accord.
I only join Saddam Hussein army to make good living for family, good car, good house, and now my son is dead.
Great.
Friend!
Freedom!
Food?
Congratulation!
What's so funny?
as Archie and Vig keep singing.
It makes the world crazy.
The two Are you feeling stable enough for more? a stack of new Levis.
Excellent.
How can we help?
Calm down, man.
Don't I look calm?
Help.
Good.
(into the radio) Tar Baby, this is Brer Rabbit, do you read me?
(into the radio) Tar Baby, this is Brer Rabbit, are you reading this?
(into radio) This is Tar Baby, come in.
You got me, Tar Baby?
Those better be words of sympathy.
We better get you fixed up to go home to the land of the brave.
Give me that penicillin, baby.
Get them over first.
I made a deal, and that's soldier's honor.
Angel.
Thyroid originally but with quite the impressive satellite colony in my lungs.
Have fun.
Make friends.
But for the same reason I did anything these days... ... to make my parents happy.
Love you.
Love you too Mom.
Me? Oh I'm grand.
Because you're beautiful.
I enjoy looking at beautiful people and I decided a while back not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence.
Let's watch a movie.
What, you think that's cool?
I'll be fine in a minute.
I'm a bit of a Victorian lady, fainting-wise.
I was Not your cancer story.
First thing that comes to mind.
My favorite novel.
(off his look) But not in that way, trust me.
And in exchange... ... all I ask is that you read this brilliant and haunting novelization of my favorite video game.
Ooh Hazel Grace...
I love it when you talk medical to me.
Did he give it to you?
Please.
Welcome to the sweet torture of reading "An Imperial --" What the -- are you ok? Me? Yeah.
I'm excellent.
You look nice, by the way.
(lights up at that) You're quoting my book!
That's what love is.
I am writing to thank you for your electronic correspondence received this 6th of April.
"I am grateful to anyone who sets aside the time to read my book..." Augustus!?
Hazel Grace, could I, with my meager intellectual capabilities, make up a letter from the great Peter Van Houten?
Yours with great admiration, Hazel Grace Lancaster.
Good, Isaac.
Please?
The expense of getting equipment over there - love, it's just not possible... No, yeah, of course.
Please.
Pre- "Miracle."
We had fun on that trip.
You do love your symbols.
Hazel Grace, like so many before you - and I say this with great affection - you spent your Wish... moronically.
I'm in the midst of a grand soliloquy here.
You were young.
Good thing I saved mine.
Are you only doing this so I'll kiss you?
The good news is... no tumor growth.
It's a thing we can live with.
Better, thank you.
Much better.
The great news is... Phalanxifor continues to control your tumor growth.
It's my life, right?
You're Stage IV -- I have this opportunity I may never have again.
Hazel Grace!
Thanks for coming over.
Friendly.
I love you.
I'm so proud of you.
Well... I'd love to give you my cannula but...
Amsterdam is like the rings of a tree.
Good morning.
I promise I'll do crazy Mom stuff tonight while you and Gus are at dinner.
And romantic.
(beat, excited) Let's get you dressed! (calling to the bathroom) Hazel!
Thank you ma'am.
You look gorgeous.
The champagne is our gift.
Wow that's good.
`I am tasting the stars!' Welcome to Oranjee.
Thank you for coming to Amsterdam.
Thank you for letting me hijack your wish.
Thank you for wearing that dress which is like whoa.
She says, "the beautiful couple is beautiful!"
Thanks.
Bought it for my 15th birthday.
Angels?
I'm in love with you.
I'm in love with you.
And I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
More stars?
Please.
18 years worth.
Incidentally, thank you for dinner last night.
It was our pleasure.
Like her Mom, the Dutch Tulip Man, Sisy -- How familiar are you with Swedish hip-hop?
The important thing is not what nonsense the voices are saying, but what the voices are feeling.
- but that doesn't mean her family and everyone she loves doesn't have a future, right?
Hey listen douchepants.
"Try to recapture the happiness within yourself.
I love you, Augustus Waters.
I love you too, Hazel Grace.
Sounds lovely.
Listen... I'm gonna stretch my legs a little.
It lit up like a Christmas tree, Hazel... Oh god.
I'm just... I'm very fond of you.
Great.
Wonderful.
You guys are adorable.
How's your love life?
Hazel Grace!
Yes! Excellent!
But we also have two dozen eggs.
You get me, and your family, and this world.
I just wish you'd be happy with that.
It's a good life, Hazel Grace.
Oh, thank God. Hi.
Hi, I love you!
Hazel, listen to me.
The problem, of course, is that there's no way of knowing that your last good day is your "Last Good Day."
Good evening, Hazel Grace.
Is everything -- I love you Hazel.
Finish eating first.
Mom, this is awesome!
This is fantastic!
I'm so excited!
You're gonna be so great, Mom! Thank you.
I promise.
Hazel Grace, you look ravishing.
Sweet.
Thank you Isaac.
Hey don't swear in the Literal Heart of Jesus.
"Augustus Waters was the great star- crossed love of my life.
Ours was an epic love story, and I won't be able to get more than a sentence into it without disappearing into a puddle of tears.
But, Gus, my love, I cannot tell you how thankful I am for our little infinity.
You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and for that I am eternally grateful.
I love you."
Later on, when I'd been feeling better, the nurse came in and she called me a fighter.
He loved you so much.
He loved you so much too.
I think we're ready to begin.
There's a beautiful quote in Gus's home that reads "if you want the rainbow, you gotta deal with the rain."
We'd make a good team.
Maybe she wasn't loved widely but she was loved deeply.
She's so beautiful.
I love her, god I love her.
I'm so lucky to love her, Van Houten.
You guys are so sweet!
(excited) You think?
The three girls jump up and down, squealing and hugging.
(to Serena and Margot) I'll meet you outside.
Elle winks at Amy and.heads off as the guys launch into their story.
She holds up a tiny pink slipdress.
Bridal . . .
It's a starry, romantic night.
I ' m seriously in love with you -- Isn't that enough?
Getting ready for a night out.
Serena sees Elle's bare hand.
Thank you, Serena, but I don't think it'll do any good.
Last month on his birthday.
And she liked me!
The girls rise, hugging her.
We still love you.
(sniffling) Thank you.
I love you, too.
Underdog leaps up and gives her little doggy kisses.
Spread out on the bed are PICTURES of Elle and Warner: The Sigma Chi formal; their Homecoming Queen and King "wave"; 14 14 a 60's party; Mardi Gras night; beach weekend at Coronado.
Next to the pictures are thirty dried Ecuardorian long- stemmed pink roses, remnants of their one year anniversary.
(to the camera) My name is Elle Woods and for my admissions essay, I ' d like to tell all of you at Harvard why I ' m going to make an amazing lawyer.
Eating popcorn and drinking red wine.
Off to the side, Elle reads an LSAT Study Guide.
ON VIDEO, a Delta Gamma chapter meeting takes place.
"LSAT Prep Course" is written on the board.
ON VIDEO, FROM ABOVE, we see Elle as she floats on a raft in her pool, in a pink Versace bikini.
She writes "143" on top and holds it up to Elle.
VIDEOTAPING MADLY, the girls follow in Elle's Boxster.
We love you!
She opens it and stares at it for a long moment.
The girls immediately begin jumping up and down as group joy ensues.
Underdog yips with pride.
Finally one of them speaks.
(unimpressed) She was in a Ricky Martin video -- Clearly, she's interested in music... (reading on; skeptical) She also designed a line of faux fur panties for her sorority's charity project -- Then she's a friend to animals as well as a philanthropist.
Elle Woods -- Welcome to Harvard.
It's a perfectly respectable place... Sweetheart, you don't need law school.
(continuing) Going to Harvard is the only way I can get the love of my life back!
With a beauty queen smile in place, she strides into the dorm as the other students watch in amazement.
Professor Stromwell approaches him the way Cruella de Ville approaches a puppy.
The class half-laughs in relief.
Elle gives her a mortified smile.
Professor Stromwell returns to the matter at hand.
He smiles.
It gets better.
He smiles.
Liking her.
I ' m glad I met you.
She smiles at him, grateful.
Elle looks up, pure adoration on her face.
Warner remains standing, still somewhat uncomfortable with her presence here.
(perky) How was your summer?
(distracted) Good.
Good.
Warner .listens
Elle walks up to the table, holding a basket of muffins, bright smile on her face.
' I ' m here to join your study group.
She looks back at Warner's table and walks off.
Serena, with a new hairdo, and Margot are surrounded by wedding dresses.
Power yoga?
Picking out my wedding dress!
Well, hurry up so you can come home!
And give Warner our love.
It's a "Come as Your Favorite Defendant" party.
Elle hides a smile.
Now winded, she smiles her thanks, stepping up to retrieve her book.
Looking around, Enid sees Elle smiling and waving at her from across the room.
When he doesn't stir, she takes a magic marker out of her knapsack and leans over to write something on his forehead.
Everyone now stares at Elle.
Although Mr. Huntington makes an excellent point, I have to wonder if the defendant kept a thorough record of each sperm emission made throughout his life?
Why now? ' Emmett's mouth twitches into a smile.
Donovan smiles.
Elle grins.
You did well today.
(excited) " '.' . . . .
(smiling) See you tomorrow!
It was the most fun I've had since I've been in law school.
She's amazing!
The others looks at each other and roll their eyes.
Amazing how?
Elle smiles at him.
He smiles back.
There's no way Brooke could've done this - - exercise gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy -- happy people don't kill their husbands!
A love affair?
That doesn't sound so good to a jury.
I ' m a Delta Gamma and I ' m a huge fan of yours!
You had the best high kick I've ever seen.
Well, thank God one of you has a brain.
Donovan smiles.
Oh, yes.
Mrs. Windham is the most sweet, wonderful woman I know.
I have loved her since the day she hired me.
The DA smiles.
So, because she's beautiful and has a good body, she's easy?
I ' m glad it's you and not Donovan.
He better be, for what I ' m paying him.
Aromatherapy candles.
You're an angel.
I have made my fortune on my ability to teach women how to perfect their bodies with the Brooke's Butt Buster workout.
Sarah rises, and fetches the coffee from the side table.
The others looks at her.
He looks at her and laughs.
The what? Blondes are discriminated against worldwide!
He goes along with it, won over by her enthusiasm.
I f you look good, you feel good and if you feel good, you project joy into the world.
Projecting joy is not my job. .
We spend a beautiful night together and then I never hear from you again?
S it ti n g next to the pool topless, while th e Latin boy handed her a drink.
You made friends with a nerdy girl.
I -- promise.
You must be better in bed than you look.
(continuing) We'll drink it after we win.
My friend Serena barfed on a guy during "The Blair Witch Project" and end up dating him for three months.
Good work today, Ms. Woods.
He was unconscious for part of it, but it was really fun! (hugging Paulette) I ' m so happy for you!
Great.
You're going to make a great lawyer.
(continuing) Elle, you've changed my life.
You are the kindest, most wonderful angel.
Now go and share your goodness with the world while I stay here and have my hoo-hoo waxed.
(stunned) Thank you.
That's what makes a good lawyer.
And on top of that, you gained the client's trust and kept it.. That' s what makes a great lawyer.
They wanted me to grow up and become a Victoria's Secret model who marries a rock star.
Why should I trust him?
She smiles at him.
v_ J What're you so happy about?
I have new representation.
Elle Woods, your honor.
I ' m supervising, Your Honor.
Move to strike that from the record, your Honor.
(humble) The rules of haircare are simple and finite .
Honey, stop! (proud) Bile's on TV! Oh, my God!
And so are your friends.
(hugging them) Don't worry.
Thanks for coming!
You were amazing today.
Thank you.
Up for a celebration dinner?
Only blonde at heart.
(to the girl next to her) Right?
The muse has left me stranded here like a beached whale -- only one phrase, one word, from finishing the greatest essay I've ever written!
How does she sound?
Maybe so, but -- he was the greatest baseball player of them all.
Listen, Al, be careful -- I ain't gettin' my ass shot, don't worry... No, not that -- the story.
I gathered all the film footage that existed on Cobb -- which wasn't much -- and rented the local theater for the afternoon... (beat) I, too, had thought that the great Ty Cobb had been dead for awhile...
The screen fills with (B&W) Movietone Newsreel footage of Ty Cobb, complete with overly sincere NARRATION and MUSIC.
Driving into the Sierras at night with winter coming on wasn't the smartest decision I'd ever made but it seemed better than being late for my first meeting with Cobb.
I hear he's got a way with kids... Hey, baby, it's me... (beat) Al... your husband... (beat) I'm up in the woods somewhere on assignment... (beat) Listen, sweetheart, listen -- nobody can love you the way I love you and I want you to take me back.
Baby?
(beat) Now come in here and meet the great Ty Cobb.
I'm a great admirer of his.
I'm also a great admirer of yours.
Thank you.
But you are a hopeless romantic and only a moderate success.
Sir, I am the most successful sportswriter in America and not merely a 'moderate success.'
Know ye that a prince and a great man has fallen this day...
It's yours, a gift from me.
(beat) 'Cobb, a prince among men, misunderstood in his genius, as genius always is' - (demands from Stump) This is the second line from what will be the greatest biography of a great man ever written -- type it!
(beat) My heart leaks -- the doctors who are nothin' but a buncha hacksaw artists give me Digoxin to keep it pumping...
Tell him to go to hell! Jesus Christ, Ty, this is the great American writer -- this is the man who inspired me to become a writer!
(awkwardly) By the way I'm a big fan of yours -- Hemingway isn't a bullfighter -- he wrote about bullfighting.
I knew most of the Cobb stories -- first man elected to the Hall of Fame, ahead of the incomparable Babe Ruth.
But I'd known boxing champions and football players -- they were gentle souls outside the arena.
Legends grow in time.
You've alive?
Ha! (laughs) That's too easy -- you're a better writer than that -- Was the killer ever caught?
My mother has a better arm than you! (to the Catcher) I'm coming to you, greaseball!
In those days you didn't hold hands and dance with the men on the other teams.
A good day to you, too, sir... Do you know what it's like to be booed like that?
I loved it.
And Calvin Coolidge wasn't any damn fun at all...
But neither am I. Ty!
That ain't gonna be in the book.
Ty, it's Willie.
Yessir... Who's the greatest ballplayer of all time, in your opinion?
Well, Mr. Cobb, thank you for a lift into town...
Good evening.
Your money's okay, Ty, right here... My gun...
No we haven't missed the dinner... Good, good... (on phone) Hello?
Happy Birthday!
Yeah! (beat) Your birthday was yesterday?! No, it couldn't be! (on phone) Omigod, what can I say?
You're notes -- my life!
Who gives a good God damn about the opinions of Al Stump?! What people want to know about is Ty Cobb!
Well I don't!
I'm much more than a moderate success!
My father was a great man... My father told my mother he was going out of town for the weekend on business.
No gal made has got a shade on Sweet Georgia Brown, Two left feet but oh so sweet is Sweet Georgia Brown...
The great Ty Cobb! C'mon up here!
(singing) Fellas, she can't get, are fellas, she ain't met, Georgia made her, Georgia claimed her, Sweet Georgia Brown.
My great pleasure, sir -- (shaking hands) I've always wanted to ask you something, Mr. Cobb, with all the great ballplayers playing right now -- how well do you think you'd do against today's players?
First of all I wanta thank you for that song, 'Sweet Georgia Brown... it's a great song about my home state and I appreciate it... (beat) That song has become the theme song for the Harlem Globetrotters... (as Prima nods with a smile) It's too bad such a fine song had to be stole by a buncha niggers playing a faggot game in their underwear... 'Course the Globetrotters are owned by a Jew named Saperstein so whadda you expect?
Another round of applause for the Georgia Peach, Ty Cobb!
You see, the bat is like a wand, a magic wand... it should be caressed, held like a woman... like a woman who's really in need of a man... Oh God, here we go... Hitting a baseball is really very easy... you can't force it... you can't overpower it... you go with the pitch... you let the bat do the work... it's all rhythm and flow... Excuse me.
(motions for bartender) You're a beautiful woman.
The damn thing itches but it's good for tips.
Ha! Plain as day.
I'm in the presence of greatness.
Greatness is overrated.
You're a beauty.
I'm looking at the most beautiful woman in the world, do you hear me?!
She was a great piece of ass, Stumpy, best I ever had... Good, good... Have we missed the Testimonial Dinner?
Been writing, Ty... Well let's see how we're doing... Yes, God damn it, Stumpy, yes! Now you're getting it!
Ty, Ty, Ty, calm down.
It's time for the testimonial dinner!
In fact he was buoyed with new enthusiasm at the prospects of seeing his cronies once again... Y'know something, Alimony, I believe you're the best friend I ever had.
Now excuse me, I got work to do... Sorry, Ty -- I didn't care that they cheered and adored Ruth -- I cared that they respected his ballplaying -- Christ, they built Yankee Stadium for him with a 297-foot right field line.
Game in progress -- Detroit vs. New York.
As the benches clear -- Cobb races not at the pitcher but straight to right field where The Babe is charging in like a rhino straight for Cobb.
During the day, we worked on his version of the story.
which was an embarrassment to me but would be a career for anyone else... Until, by the grace of God, we arrived -- days, weeks, months later, I don't know -- in Cooperstown, New York, for his beloved testimonial dinner...
Stump and Cobb get dressed for the testimonial dinner.
You're gonna meet great athletes, great warriors, great men at this Hall of Fame dinner, Stumpy.
Can I help you?
Ty, it's Mickey Cochrane.
Ty stares at him.
Things have been rough, Ty.
What's the best men's shop in town.
Better yet, ring him up for me.
This is Ty Cobb.
Go down to your shop and open it up and sell a tux to the great Mickey Cochrane.
Thanks, Ty.
For years -- but that ain't goin' in the book.
You look like the greatest ballplayer of all time.
A P.A. ANNOUNCER presents each one.
The great left-handed pitcher from the New York Giants, who struck out five men in a row in the 19-- All-Star game -- Carl Hubbell.
Lanky Carl Hubbell, 50's, waves to the crowd and cameras as he enters to applause from the locals gathered.
Fifty-eight home runs in a season -- Mr. Double-X -- the great Jimmy Foxx!
And ladies and gentlemen, the highest lifetime batting average of all time, first man elected to the Hall of Fame, retired with over 90 batting records, the one and only Georgia Peach, Ty Cobb! Cobb gets out, followed by Stump.
Your hand, Stumpy, your hand!
Thank you, my friend...
And Cobb is met by the Hall of Fame director, CHARLES, 50, who shakes his hand and shows him in.
Hello, Mr. Cobb, good to see you again.
An orchestra is playing "Georgia On My Mind" as Cobb holds court at his table of honor.
He's still disoriented by the "film" he's seen, but the applause brings him back, and -- The orchestra plays "Sweet Georgia Brown" to Cobb's raised arms.
Crawford and Foxx have something cooking in Room 212 -- Over here, Ty.
Pearl, meet Ty Cobb and -- Al Stump.
LOUD MUSIC and LAUGHTER spills out of the room at the end of the hall.
You ain't comin' in, Ty.
Ty... Ya look good in that tux, Mick.
I can't let ya in, Ty.
It's Rogers' party.
Let's go home, Ty, this isn't a good place to be... (screaming) I fought for players' rights and salary increases and unions while all you crawled around on your knees begging massa' for bread crumbs just thankful for a job!
I saw Ty Cobb playing baseball.
He loved his father.
You love being this close to greatness!
Stump walks into the cemetery to escape Cobb, who follows nonetheless with a cool resolution.
Stump laughs at Cobb's comment.
That's rich! (following along) Forgiveness is crucial to human maturity and religious growth.
Religious growth?!
I love her!
Is she your friend?
One simple word is above the door, carved in granite: COBB.
I'm glad we're here -- I was gonna bring you here anyway sooner or later -- Stump turns to see the mausoleum, and the word COBB.
Finally: (with pride) That is me.
(beat) The family will be together again.
That's romantic!
Ty Cobb brings the family together at last to enter the gates of Heaven whole!
I love my wife.
We all loved our wives, Al, that's got nothing to do with it.
No! Please, dear God!
You're my friend, Ty, right?
You're my friend!
Al, listen to me.
An intimacy.
A warm summer breeze, the smell of jasmine, her black hair against a white blouse -- you came to life again, you got hard -- and when you saw her naked it was more than you could bear... it's okay, Al, it's okay... (beat) The brunette ain't gonna be in the book either... Stump looks up at Cobb but says nothing.
Well, they used to say ol' Ty had a drinking problem but you can booze me right under the table right now... no problem... and nobody's God damn business, either... Stump raises his hand, motioning Cobb to stop.
And he sees something in the suitcase -- He looks down at -- which Stump has been filling with his secret manuscript.
He reads page one slowly and carefully, then starts mov- ing through the box full of odd sizes of paper, hotel stationery, cocktail napkins, legal pads, all handwritten in secret.
You beat the great Ty Cobb!
I respect that!
You won! Tell the world that the greatest ballplayer who ever lived was also the biggest bastard!
I give you permission and my blessing!
Stump places Cobb's hand on his money, nods, and -- Stump leaves the room without looking back at -- with a gun -- in the last stages of life, his health in total collapse, he is in complete control.
(beat) I'll give him this -- the family was under one roof again.
The book was ready.
Al! Stump enters comfortably, happy to see his cronies at last.
Long time no see, etc... Good to see you guys... how's it goin'?
Yeah... finally gave up the ghost.
Stump looks at the faces of his buddies, eagerly awaiting his judgement as if it is final wisdom.
Stump takes a drink and looks his friends in the eye.
A prince and a great man has fallen.
Murmurs of deep satisfaction from the Cronies.
A helluva guy, a great man, a misunderstood artist, a fierce competitor but a sweet man at heart... a gentle soul...
He stares up at the magnificent old structure, the overhanging right field facade, the great upper deck, almost a century of baseball has been played there.
Her eyes drop down to the legend on its door panel: House of Bliss Shepherds - Peace of mind - Twenty-Four Hours A Day - Call 7-A-T-T-A-C-K.
I hear you, honey.
A vase of flowers atop a grand piano is overturned and water from it stains the polished surface.
He's our conductor, he's an artist and not someone who'd ever...
Hi, Joanie... (under her breath) Oh great.
Helen Dextra, you've met her before.
Fine, why don't you take my house then?
Thank you.
Well, who are you, honey?
Rummaging through it, she * finds the House of Bliss flyer, unfolds it and looks at the reassuring photograph of Harry and Duke.
Good.
I am... (struggling with Duke) Good boy, be nice.
My golly, that was incredible.
I * love this dog.
This guy's gotta be one of the five or ten richest men in the country, with business connections all over the place.
That's amazing.
And Joan, I want you to know, it's been a great pleasure doing business with you.
And would you also thank your...
Eddy, you better come, he's rehearsing the tenors!
Tomorrow's fine.
Well he's succeeded.
I'd like to do that.
A JAPANESE HOSTESS appears at the table, bowing reveren- * tially and gesturing that their table is ready.
She is flushed from the wine and exhilarated by her response to Harry: You're full of surprises, Harry, you know that?
That you've actually read Dante's Divine Comedy I mean... Well, it was a while back there that I did, yeah...
'Yet as a wheel moves smoothly, free from jars, My will and my desire were turned by love, The love that moves the sun and other stars.'
He nods, while Joan, hoping to disguise the extent of her emotions, looks down and begins moving her wine in circles: For some reason, the sublimity of that always touches me.
The sun has gone down and the lights of the city have come on.
He places his hand over hers.
In the sky beyond the hills a helicopter beams its light.
Joan and Harry are seated on the couch having coffee as * they listen to a CHOPIN NOCTURNE.
No, it's very nice.
He leans over and kisses her.
He kisses her once more.
Thank God.
Oh, that's nice.
You called me honey.
* What?! * Mr. Bliss, I'd like to have word with you, if I may.
And if you'd like to be of some assistance * to us, by finding it and turning * it over to me, he'd like to offer * you this very generous gift.
I-am-looking-for-my-sister's-book.
MAN TROUBLE - Rev. 4/23/91 60. * La manuscripto (holding an empty manila envelope in her hand) ... de mi hermana, Andy, si? (pointing at herself) I go... toda la casa... (makes a wide sweeping gesture with her hand) Everywhere... Looking y looking... (pointing at her own eye) And no es anywhere.
Socorro smiles apologetically: No se, no entiendo... (backing away) Lo siento... Continuing to mumble some disclaimer, she moves out into the hallway and disappears.
This is a man who goes fishing with the President, honey.
You mean to Red? Yeah, to Red, or whoever... Well if I ever find, it, that's the last thing I'd do with it.
And it happens to be a tradition in this kind of film that women make more interesting and exciting victims than men do... Well, I understand...
Well, you're just delightful in the movie and you're both great fun to have on the show.
Thanks for coming.
I know one guy that says very complimentary things to me, like that I have nice features and a sense of humor.
Help me!
(Helen SCREAMING OVER:) The hooded man has Joan up against the garage wall.
Gee whiz, first it isn't Red, now it is Red.
Adele stands playing a garden hose over the lawn.
Come on now, honey, don't say things like that...
They are finishing dessert and coffee by candlelight.
Joan's hands encircle Harry's wrist with a new watch.
She finishes securing the watch.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
He leans over and kisses her on the cheek, then picks up his fork and begins poking with disinterest at his food.
Everything's fine.
Well, same here, honey.
Which way? (gesturing a direction) That way, Doctor, and thank you very much for your patience.
Oh great, Harry.
I think you better come in here, Mr. Bliss.
In fact, I've been to the police and I intend to press charges against you... Honey, he's not supposed to get excited.
(to Red) Now wait a minute... (overlapping) I'm not here to beg your good opinion... ... Red Layls or not, you ... or to find out don't insult this party in the right amount of my presence.
I've got good news.
It's as sound a muscular bag as I've ever seen and the pericordium is a gorgeous color.
Well whose heart is it?
I don't have any specific data, but the host was around 35 and she was obviously very healthy.
And if she was so godammed healthy, why is she dead?!
(coming over to him) Well Red, better a woman than dead, don't you think?
Harry, his suitcase and clothes in the front seat and Duke in bed of the van, parks in front of the House of Bliss: in the plate glass window.
Harry glances at the printing on the side panel: Lee MacGreevy - Trainer of "Duke," - The World's Smartest Dog.
Without responding, he looks across to the House of Bliss.
He finally answers, but from some place deeply felt and unrelated to the day's specials: Yeah.
(blows her a kiss) See you tomorrow.
(a pause) * I'd like to move to a small town, where it's friendly, and everybody knows each other, and there are no bars on the windows...
He laughs, then: Well, it's true.
It doesn't matter where you live.
After a moment, he begins softly singing the words to a popular song.
I want you to listen to me, and I * want you to kiss me.
The SHEPHERD, wanting to join in the excitement, leaps about them, BARKING joyously.
In the b.g.
She raises her arm, ready to hurl the last stone: You maniacs!!
(yelling up at the copter) Yeah, she's alright!! I've got him!! (gesturing at Eddy) The Westside Slasher, I got him!! He's not the Westside Slasher!! (from above) He's a friend of mine!! Just stand where you are, buddy.
A friend of yours!
They both yell up into the blinding light of the search beam: Will you shut up!! I'm not bothering her, godammit, I love her!!
(from above) Don't touch her, buddy.
I love that name.
The "ET RESSUREXIT" from Bach's B-Minor Mass BEGINS OVER the sound of the The CAMERA MOVES TO a REMOTE ANGLE, REVEALING them bathed in a celestial cone of light from above, making intimately emotional declarations and explanations to one another.
Through half-closed eyes he watches the cardiograph line hooked up to his heart, dance in tempo to the MUSIC.
MUSIC OVER: Sturge leans with his back against the Continental.
My mother's prayer for us, which she made me repeat exactly, represented a stunning look into our future.
My mother had redefined her own passions.
Mama, Texas.. Adios, Texas.
She loved and lived to talk.
A boy I never saw again had changed our lives.
DEBORAH NORWICH CLASKY, a cool beauty in her mid 30's, sits dominating this three generation portrait of the Good Life.
Please?
(forcefully) You're gorgeous.
Our gal smiles back in appreciation.
(to Bernice) Strength of character..empathy..big heart..taste for futility - God I love you.
I helped run a commercial design company until ten months ago when it was downsized to zip.
Yeah, good morning.
Morning, good to see you.
Good too.
Thanks.
I had an idea for a breakthrough in French toast so I made breakfast.
She does.. Oh, it's good...oh God, it's rich -- Oh God, it's good.
This is me being nice.. Just no taking ball from dog. (broadly) Trust me on that one.
You, mister, are crazy making..I can't take this calm thing you've started doing.
He gestures with enormous energy for her to follow him to his new spot in the room.
He is looking at her with wit and conviction..trying to squirt lighter fluid at the flame of their love.
Well, I'm in the vitamin section and this little hip hop girl..what's her name..Grammys - adorable -- big voice..subtle phrasing...oh, she's famous..the kids know her...oh - little blue shoes..darn me.
but resonant good-natured, affectionate moment between the lush and the Latina.
God Bless the language barrier, it keeps you from being bored with me.
How sweet.... Evelyn looks transparently vulnerable for a second.
Bernie squeezes her grandmother's hand..Flor smiles.
It's my own fault I spent my time on math, which I'm lucky if I don't flunk anyway and..
Thanks, mom..I'm glad you didn't get here a little earlier or else I wouldn't be able to tell you that your gift is a ruse.
His heart was good and he was rare in not flirting with her.
....a desire for the comfort of fullness.
CAMERA STAYS ON Lovely way to start the day.
World's most trim Mexican learns her first sentence and uses it to watch me grrrrunt my way into...
But I don't have to sing it for anyone.
Seventy-six thousand..which is great for a jazz album.
(emotional and earnest aside) Ah, Dad...this is so great... (to others) Now here's the thing... "Eating at this perfect smaller, passionate restaurant inspires one's own abandonment of caution.
To wit: John Clasky is the best chef in the United States."
(genuinely enthusiastic) Look how great you read it.
(heavily accented) New York Times.. Wow..."John Clasky es el mejor chef en Los Estados Unidos.. (easily) Ah, bravo... Oh, damn it --- what am I going to do? Everything seems so surely pointless... Okay here...okay there...good, good, good.
See ya.
(parroting woman) I read your good review.
There would be riots..You should hear the desperation in their voices..Best day of my life.
I've gotten a fantastic offer for my own place..Everybody wants to back me since the paper came out.
(trying to make livid more attractive) Remember the other day when you asked me the perfect response to something I said?...I'm asking you now..what would you like my response to be to your giving away twenty percent of the business without asking me? (with great enthusiasm) "You're ma man!" Okay!
I'm Mike..there's one great rental that just came on..so we're starting at the top.. I'll never be one of those girls whose hair blows perfectly in a convertible.
Gorgeous, huh..Pretty, fabulous, beautiful.
I'm putting nicer stuff in here too.
You have a daughter?
Let's spare the world you on the roads.
(to Flor) Well, what do we do?
(accented) (over this incidental dialogue) The first time one sees natural beauty which is owned by others confounds the senses..
Not now..But I promise I'll go in the summer after next.
Wet suits are for wimps.. Yeah, you're right..let me get mine.. (to Dad) You're good.
I'm John..It's good to see you.
As she turns to gesture toward her mother and son, Evelyn has almost reached them .. I'm so glad to meet you.
John goes to a big toy box and opens it up..it is filled with beach paddles, Frisbees and boogie boards.
Here's the most important place in the house..grab this stuff whenever you want.
(delighted) Thank you..thank you so much.
Settle in.. Thank you.
Oh, hi..so beautiful..I was just excited.
I don't know what that... It's the Rose Bowl... miles, actual miles, of great things for sale for God's sake...We can have brunch in Pasadena.
Stop thanking me.
I love having the company.
He makes a gesture of ardent love..
I meant.. Makes a person to person innocent gesture..She finds herself smiling.
As he exits...thinks about John's demeanor, smiles again, shakes it off as her mind fills with concern for Cristina.
IN THE BACKGROUND we see Deborah handing Flor her letter..Cristina taking sidelong glances...relieved to see them shake hands (Flor engaging), hug (Flor reluctant).
This is bits of broken glass that the ocean sand blasts over the years..great looking, huh?
Lots of people on their decks..hot-tubbing, sunning, partying..rich people forming New Yorker cartoons in the background as Cristina continues to doggedly collect her sea glass.
I'm kidding..Instead of a platter -- I'll just build a sea glass building and serve fish inside... Great, Cristina..Why don't you count it and..
He smiles broadly.
The kid's a trip.
He likes her.
The best chef in America has just fixed himself a snack as a salve to his spirits.
It's a little like Dagwood Bumstead as a culinary genius..This is a snack we will remember and copy...John is approaching a perfect moment...and this is a guy who appreciates simple pleasures to the fullest...
You have a wonderful mother.
He cheers, seeing her predicament.
You're doing fantastic.
He is younger and smiling.
(looking skyward) Thank you, God.
That you're better at everything than I am...and I was thanking God for there being this one thing where I might have my nose in front.
Talk to Flor... (sarcastic) Yeah..she's so open to new things.
Can't find my keys.. Another woman, ARLENE FOLSOM, calls to her.. Deborah... (acting surprised) Hi, Arlene.. (to Cristina) Come on.
They walk to greet Arlene.
Hi.. (Barbara Boxer couldn't do it better) Hello..a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Folsom.
I couldn't believe how beautiful the grounds were as we drove in.
I just think the balance of the buildings to open ground is so wonderful and must have been very difficult to achieve.
Deborah smiles with pride at the elegant first impression Cristina is making..all are grinning...the two adults suspiciously so...sharing their delight.
I don't know what I'm talking about.. A sustained gust of wind which celebrates her shape in a way which cannot be ignored.
It helps.
This was a crummy summer.
Thank you, good night.
Good night..Hey?
Cristina is excited, certain her life is taking an incandescent turn.
(to Cristina) I got you a little first-day-at-a- new-school present...
Have a great year, girls.. (for Flor) This is so great.
She looks at him a little wild-eyed as they both stand in the doorway.
Flor cooking alongside Monica --- a table is set for ten..A banner proclaiming BIENVENIDA, MAMA.
My great Aunt Monica had finally managed to get her mother to Los Angeles and my mother was making a party.
As Deb finishes dialing a call..Cristina looking on...her two friends watching a movie in the family room.
Finally a word.. You..
He puts up his hand..
This is my way of...this is my way of asking you whether..
(as she starts to follow him) Stay put!
Evelyn stands in the doorway with Flor..they are looking at Cristina and her two friends sleeping together.
I'm leaving....I have finally.. Me too..I'll drive you.
As Chum, now the only happy creature in the house, fetches it and returns.
Excellent.
Not so horrible..... His hand keeps going..he now hugs her to him even though they both still face front.. like a loving couple on a walk to the market.
He laughs.
She enters the room...dancing a bit.. Just lighting candles and picking music.
(impressed) I wouldn't have put it so well.
They sit at a small table in the kitchen..finishing the greatest late-night meal in the history of Western man.
Okay, Flor, yes I will...They should name a gender after you..Looking at you doesn't do it..Staring is the only thing that makes sense..and trying not to blink so you don't miss anything.
She squeals with laughter..He laughs a little himself and in so doing loses his courage..He looks down at his hands..shyness again belting him a good one..Still looking down.
Right now....immediately..we have to dance or kiss.
They kiss.
(smiling/he likes this) What do you mean?
This song...You see what a good thing to tell you how you talk like a Mexican song.
When I kiss you, entire oceans rush through my veins.. (he is wildly uncomfortable) Gardens of flowers blossom in my body.
He laughs.
He looks at her...they kiss..It is a kiss without an author.
But she often referred to it as the greatest conversation of her life.
Flor's pleasure zone is rocked.
Thank you, mom.
I'm so glad to see you (correcting self) ..that you're back.
(way too loud) Uhhhh..
He springs from the bed and opens the door.
You're fantastic, Bernie...I love you.
You're welcome.
They kiss.
I think you are a wonderful boy..be good..like you are.
Thanks..thanks.
Meanwhile, a flabbergasted Cristina is staring at her mom who gives quiet two and three word proddings in Spanish.
(rushing to hug her) Thanks.
Bernice hugs her.
Evelyn hugs Cristina.. You...are...a...trip.
(to Bernice) You're a beauty.
Amazing girl.
She kisses Bernice..and walks toward the house.
Finally, as she passes the stairwell, she sees Cristina on an upper landing and says, in Spanish, that Cristina should get her things and meet her out front.
Finally satisfied she has all her stamps, the Woman starts looking through the receipt.
* Look, my best mates are going to Las Vegas * this weekend.
I've never been -- I'm told it's incredible.
Everybody wins.
Deal.
I love The Beast.
Ok, listen up.
When Simon gets back, we can still overpay for quarters if it makes you feel all warm and happy.
Be good.
I didn't know we were such good friends, Ronna.
There's this big Christmas party thing.
Friends of yours.
Here's the deal.
Hour, tops.
That bracelet of mine you're wearing is an accessory.
Keep it calm.
White.
(to Claire) Is this gonna be cool?
What do you want for Christmas, Claire?
Breakfast Club.
She and her friend have it.
Ecstasy?
I've never been, I'm told it's incredible.
Everybody wins.
The flame finally catches and we see Simon.
He's a good guy.
Welcome to the Riviera.
Okay, if you're from over there, then where did you meet these friends?
I'm a good driver, I am.
Hunter, Magnum P.I. -- The Knight Rider is an excellent program.
Oh my God! You're fine.
You're beautiful.
Tantra, baby.
Great, put it back.
I hold ten men's lives in my hand.
We have one word, champagne.
Enjoy your evening.
(to Noelle) And you, you were on top of him.
By being better than the guy ahead of you.
Singh and Tiny slink down.
The headlights are bright enough to cast shadows.
It SCRAPES along the asphalt, finally coming to rest.
You guys did great.
The circle of life.
She finally relents and goes upstairs with her.
Adam and Zack stand around as Burke gets the house ready, moving furniture and poofing pillows, as if it's remotely believable.
You get to kiss all those pretty girls.
When you kiss those girls, you're not really kissing them, are you?
It's a stage kiss.
Turning back, she kisses him.
It's a good three-second lip lock.
Now dressed, Burke comes in with two bottles of wine.
This has been great, just wonderful, but we're going to need to leave.
He makes it sound sinister.
Irene and Burke both smile.
Her body continues its slide across the windshield, finally resting on the hood.
Zack watches Adam's fruitless arranging efforts.
It's not your face, because you're only medium cute.
Claire looks around at the various decorations: a red tree by the door, snowflakes on the window, lights blinking on the wall.
Bing! Wow! Bang! Surprise!
She smiles.
She has a bewitching smile.
Claire kisses Gaines, pinning him against the wall.
They laugh.
Finally, he MEWS.
He looks to the top of the stairs, where a MAN is watching them.
It's Victor.
Gaines draws a map for Victor on the coffee table.
He finally finds a clock -- it's 4:14 in the afternoon.
Thank God.
You two are so funny.
Good places.
Good! 9th Grade Camp he gave me whiplash in "King of the Ring."
The blackboard reads, TODAY: TIRAMISU.
They both look happy.
Well, I would call that a success.
Thank you!
That sounds fun.
I love parties.
Right now I love them, though.
17 17 We see Fogell, looking at the ass of NICOLA, an incredibly hot girl who exudes sexual vibes and looks a little skanky; you can see her black g-string through her tight white pants.
It was awesome.
She's got the nicest ass.
Ha ha.
Well, funny thing about my back.
Jules laughs a little.
Well, this is really nice of you.
He can barely contain his smile.
Thought of me enough to decide that I was the guy that she was going to trust the fun-ness of her party with.
That's good.
Get ready to receive.
Bye, Mom! Love you.
Love you, sweety.
Smell it's glory.
It's good.
Please.
I promise.
Seth, calm down!
Their eyes meet.
Cool, cool.
The beer comes loose in his hand as the other five fall to the ground, cracking on impact, and spraying beer all over the place.
Fogell nervously watches.
She'll love that.
Oh, I love that stuff.
Been drinking it for years.
Please!
(beat) Fine.
I'm on my way to this party right now.
You better.
Good one.
But a good general rule is only take people in you want to ride with.
73 73 Seth enters a room of people dancing to hip-hop.
He tries to make his way through the sea of dancing.
(sarcastic) Good one, Michaels!
As the song ends, the Woman moves on.
Extremely pleased with himself, 79 79 Seth walks into the adjacent room.
Is that red wine?
On Seth's upper thigh there is a red splotch about the size of a palm of a hand.
Who'd you dance with?
I think it's going to be a real fun...event.
A huge smile crosses his face.
Peace out-tro.
McLovin, you stay right there.
(sarcastic) We're great.
Well, you should be careful boys.
You boys stay right here.
You guys are great.
Cool, McLovin? 105 105 How tall are you?
Does she think I'm a good guy?
121 121 (panting) Calm down, Evan.
She likes you.
That's a good thing.
123 123 124 124 125 125 126 126 127 127 129 129 129 129 (laughing) Evan!!! Hey! Come here!!! Help me up!
Oh man, it's a crazy story- Here! Don't worry, we can drink this.
This party's blowin' my ass off!
I'm good.
Uh...you know...I love talking, and conversing with you, you're so good at it, but I can't hear you.
Good.
No...I'm helping you, man!
Have fun boning each other on grad night!
It looks like you're having a nice little party here.
A nice little underage drinking party.
You saved me!
You're my best friend!
Yeah!!!! Look what else I gots!
I love this kid!
I think that's all the fun we're gettin' out of this one.
I owe you my life.
I can't talk to her, look what I did to her! (pretending to smile) Helen called me a pussy to my face!
(to Helen) Did you have fun last night?
Whizzed right by me.
You look good with a black eye.
Thanks, smart guy.
I'd love to.
That sounds good.
Sweet.
Yeah man, have a good one.
Where are you?,... Good...
But money -- for the hotel bill, for tips...
Every minute costs two marks ninety... What?... Otto Kringelein! Yes, I'm in Berlin, staying at the best hotel, the Grand Hotel... No, don't you understand?
(louder) I haven't long to live!
(continuing) I came here from a long distance to stay at the Grand Hotel.
Well, now, that's very kind -- thanks.
Thank you, sir.
Yes -- Oh -- oh -- yes, -- (his finger goes nervously to his collar) Well, Baron -- I must go and dress.
Please.
If you were free, I'd ask you to come and have some tea -- but -- Tea would spoil my dinner.
Yellow Room where they dance -- (business) You're very funny -- (with great meaning) Yes? -- Tomorrow?
We'll dance.
We'll dance.
Please!
It is time for the performance.
Madam has chosen a funny time for such a funny joke.
Ha, ha, ha -- hurry, come on.
You are funny.
I'll see you in the morning then, at the conference.
Good night.
You pay me.
What brown hands you have.
-- That must have been nice -- for him.
With the same friend?
How nice -- your daughters?
(threateningly) Now listen to me.
With the pearls -- 'You are listening to the music of the Eastman Jazz Band, in the famous Yellow Room of the Grand Hotel.' No -- no -- there is no one here.
I couldn't go on -- I couldn't... No, no don't -- (long pause) ...Just alone... Good night, good night, my dear -- goodbye... Pimenov, how is it going, badly?... Uh?... Who's dancing?... Desprez?... Oh -- and how is it?... Oh, -- oh, I see -- they didn't miss me?...
Because you love me -- you love me? (going over to her) Poor little Grusinskaya!
I did not know you were so beautiful... and -- (bitterly) And then --?
You -- man... Thank you -- you are gallant.
Grusinskaya weeping is a sight worth seeing.
I do only what I take pleasure in doing.
I see -- you do only what you take pleasure in doing.
You take pleasure in coming into a woman's bedroom and you come.
-- good morning...
(who has returned) He likes to play the great man.
(beams) Good morning, gentlemen -- Mr. Preysing will be here in a minute.
(enters) Good morning, gentlemen.
Good morning.
(with a wink to Gerstenkorn) Manchester is a very interesting city, don't you think so, Preysing?
There's a lot of business to be done with the Manchester Cotton Company.
Oh -- yes -- I beg your pardon!
Good morning, gentlemen -- I see the conference is already underway.
Since, on the eleventh of June of this year -- when the first negotiations for a merger... (over Zinnowitz's voice -- with a sigh -- sits back) Thank God we're beginning at the beginning.
We were drilled like little soldiers -- We danced in the school of the Imperial Ballet, in St. Petersburg.
You must believe me -- you must believe that I love you -- that I have never known what love is -- until last night.
Madam is beautiful this morning.
We always have great success in Vienna... Certainly not.
I want to be good to you -- madly good.
Oh -- yes but -- later.
I shall dance and you'll be with me and then -- listen -- After that you will come with me to Lake Como, I have a villa there.
The sun will be shining.
We'll be happy and lazy.
-- I love you.
(he kisses her) I'll be on that train.
(he kisses her) He leaves.
Not that dark dress -- something light -- bright -- it's a sunny morning, Suzette.
(sings) Good morning, Pimenov.
(a little puzzled at change in her) Good morning, Gru -- your -- Pimenov, I have an idea -- a new ballet -- it must have mad music -- I'll explain it to you later.
(taking the flowers and handing them to clerk) For Madam Grusinskaya.
The Baron is a very fine gentleman -- no one in my life has been so nice to me as the Baron.
In the Yellow Room, where the music's playing and the ladies are? (amused) Where the music's playing and the ladies are...
I'd like to go down to that dancing place.
A Louisiana flip, that sounds very nice -- sweet, eh? -- What do you do in the Grand Hotel? Eat -- sleep -- loaf around -- do business -- flirt a little -- dance a little.
Good evening, Mr. Kringelein -- Where's the Baron?
A hundred miles an hour -- in a motor car -- and in an aeroplane -- It was marvelous -- Mr. Kringelein -- How you have changed, you look so nice.
A masculine paradise -- drink, the ladies, dancing...
I had a very good opportunity, a young lady asked me to dance -- I ought to be able to dance, it seems to be very important.
I was a surgeon in the Great War till the end.
Would you like to make a man happy?
(quietly) Yes -- I'd love to.
Then dance the next number with Kringelein.
I fell in love last night -- the real thing.
Come along, dance with Kringelein.
You dance splendidly.
I'm happy, Miss Flaemm.
For the first time in my life, I'm happy.
Better let him stay -- I've sent for the Baron... How's your wife coming along?
The young lady's there, sir.
Oh, yes, Mr. Preysing?
I can get a room here in the Grand Hotel for you.
(looking off) Insolent young cub!
(quietly) Bless you... Are you coming to the theatre?
Oh -- I shall dance tonight -- How I shall dance -- I want to feel that you are in the theatre.
Bless you -- Was the Baron joking, or is it really true that the Baron is -- in financial straits.
(with enthusiasm) Good! Going?
Yes -- Ready, Kringelein?
Ready, Baron.
Oh yes -- that's right -- look!
Yes -- I'll take everything gentlemen -- please, let us drink -- champagne --- champagne is expensive and good.
(earnestly) I do drink, Baron -- I drink to you, Baron and to win.
(he drinks) It's good, -- come along, Baron.
(he is triumphant.)
Baron, I drink and win -- I drink and win -- I win and drink!
(he is pulling money towards him, counting it, eagerly, frantically, not the movement of a miser, not a greedy movement, but the movement of an excited child liberated.
(to Kringelein) You've been very lucky... Where's my coat?
He's drunk anyway!... Goodnight, Baron.
By the way, I've got to see you tomorrow morning.
I oughtn't to presume, but I -- (he is a little drunk) I'm so grateful to you -- it's been so marvelous.
The first time in my life I have gambled -- I've danced!
Oh, you can laugh, gentlemen, but it's the first time in my life I've ever tasted life!
You must have courage for it, then it's wonderful.
You gentlemen don't know that because you are all healthy and happy, but I -- believe me -- a man must know death and not until then does a man know anything about life.
(sings) Rejoice in life while yet the small lamp burns.
(starts singing) It's a short life and a gay one... (seizing a glass of champagne) Every glass high to life -- the splendid, dangerous, mighty, brief -- brief life -- and the courage to live it.
Goodnight, Baron!
He's not used to champagne -- why does he drink it?
And Baron, thanks so much for everything.
You're sweet.
You're a funny little creature, Flaemmchen.
(she is happy again.
Aha! -- The Baron.
I'm going to watch you play the great Baron with the police.
Yes -- yes -- Operator -- Operator -- (she listens -- says to herself) They are having a nice little game up there with the telephone.
(speaks in a monotone) Instruct everyone to use the utmost tact -- we must have no scandal in the Grand Hotel.
I've done my hair differently -- do you like that?
When a lady falls in love she does her hair differently.
She crosses the room turning out one of the lights) Oh, think, Suzette -- the Villa and the sun at Tremezzo -- quiet -- simple -- happy -- we'll have a guest, Suzette.
Goodnight, Suzette.
You'll have a good time with me.
Three thousand four hundred that I won.
I can win more -- we'll travel.
Here I'll give you the money I won, three thousand four hundred.
You have a rehearsal in Vienna tomorrow morning.
(at telephone) Grand Hotel, Head Porter.
It is healthy... and my wife?
They are both alive.
(to Flaemmchen) And now we travel, Flaemmchen... Glad?
Am I! (to Senf) Is the bill ready -- the lady's too?
Yes, Paris -- Grand Hotel.
How do you know there is a Grand Hotel? Oh, there must be one in Paris...
You look great.
Fine, thank you, Sondra.
Thank you... So, it's Bill and Bob, therapy "a deux" !
Thank you.
We hang out... Meaning that... It's wonderful... Well, that's all for tonight.
Good night, Doctor Capa.
Good night.
Well, can I quote you on that ?
After you, wise guy... Come on.
We are in a good shape.
We have a little friend... You'll meet her.
She's too young for you.
Thanks... Good to see you, Bob !
Do I get to warm up ?
That'll be great, Barbara.
I love you.
I love you too !
Good.
How sweet !... How sweet !... It's like one of the vultures dies and then the others step in line and eat his portion.
Jill... his wife... his ex-wife... Nice bush !
Damn !... Everybody is having fun but me, goddammit !
It was easier if you were here together.
That's great.
This man was Bob's best friend.
You tell things here... intimate things that... you wouldn't tell your best friend.
I'll be more than happy to help you in anyway.
Thank you.
Your friend Bob Moore deserves a lot more loyalty than this.
It's a nice place.
There she is, a little angel, dancing on the head of a pin.
In respect for your infirmity, I'm gonna give up wearing lipstick.
Well, I haven't asked you what you do.
You... you have this kindness in your eyes.
So, you have a tuning fork too.
Thank you.
She floats away on her sweet young legs.
He was born back of a van going up Route 5 to a Grateful Dead concert.
He is the sweetest kid you'll ever meet, but he thinks of himself as handicapped.
Thank you.
They keep on kissing in the water.
As the table is made of glass, we see You're not eating.
She laughs.
It's a miracle.
That's his brother.
Oh, Sondra, it is so beautiful.
Oh, the man that was staring at you in the shop... was so funny.
Thank you.
Everything was fine.
Well, anyway, it made me feel better.
... an emotional tar baby.
Sex.
Glad I wore my rubber pants.
Well, I don't have an attachment in my life right now.
And I was as good as gold.
She's the best model I've ever seen.
The next day she came back, did this to my friend's dress.
Hey, the house is surrounded.
Happy birthday, Hector !
Hey, Martinez, come on out !
Martinez, happy birthday, man !... Happy birthday !
For he's a jolly good fellow !
For he's a jolly good fellow !
For he's a jolly good fellow !
For he's a jolly good... !
Large shot on the orchestra singing.
Better get your cake.
I love this song.
You girls want to go dancing ?
Hi !... Well, pardon me !
Lady did And she did it real good.
Watch, watch!
I love this song.
It's wonderful.
Oh, God, I'm in love with somebody and it's all falling apart.
Look, the sky isn't falling down.
I love your brown hair.
And they kiss.
I'm so glad that you're here.
Oh, God, this is better than normal.
Your shopping mall hag ?
The one that makes you smile ?
That's right, That's right.
You have the emotions of a styrofoam cup !
But I realized we both loved her.
Jesus God !
Thanks.
In the health club.
... it was right after I ordered lunch and I remembered that we're not seeing each other this weekend.
I love you.
Aha... when did you buy the ring?
Good.
I like her for you.
If it's slow enough, a few of us might play hookie and check it out... he's the best show in town.
Senior year I couldn't get my mind around how all those dot coms with no earnings were worth billions of dollars and you were the one who said something that made it all clear for me.
J to the Acob -- morning to you, brother.
Our speaker today has quite a checkered background in the world of finance.
His new book "Moral Hazard!
Why Wall Street Has Finally Gone Too Far." comes out in October.
Please welcome... Gordon Gekko!
Who knows -- maybe it was always like this and like everything else in this world, it's good and it is evil.
(with a smile) God, I loved their pizza.
I might not be allowed to trade, Jake, but I still love to watch from home.
I love your daughter very much and I would be honored if... ... you would bless-- I really don't understand what you find so funny.
So you want my blessing?
Where did you grow up?
Well, pal... ... then you're going to be looking for quite awhile.
She doesn't keep pictures from her childhood.
Nice ring... It's so typical.
He would've loved you doing this here.
Awesome.
It's beautiful.
Your daughter's an amazing piano player.
That was Isabel Patrovsky, she's the world's greatest living piano prodigy.
Fitting.
That'll make it a round trade for us.
It's amazing what information you can find out when people know you're not going to trade on it.
So did you take my advice and not tell your new fiance about our little friendship.
Gregor McGregor made a fortune dealing these to the British elite in 1820.
Believe it, Princess... he's beating your ass all over the court.
Cute dogs.
My boys are studying The Iliad now.
Here it is... one of the most beautiful pieces of music you'll ever hear.
Looks better than meals I get on United.
Well -- there's a lot I can learn from you.
Words cannot describe how grateful I am for the love and compassion they have shown me.
I have been given much -- the love of my family, the faith and trust of the people of New York, and the chance to lead this state Oh Jacob... you don't want to live in a glass house if you're gonna play this game.
Oleg's a brute, he's has A.D.D. and he likes to party.
(with a smile) I hope you don't mind I took the nicer one.
I want you to meet one of the only men in the world who might be as rich as I am.
It's nice to meet you.
In honor of the theme tonight, have a glass of 1927 Heidsiek champagne...
5000 square feet, 30 days of oxygen capacity.
Well, I'm not going to give you the whole cake, Oleg...
Good advice for everything... no? Okay.
I appreciate you guys keeping our little secret.
Is she a gift from Oleg? No. She's Bretton's go-to.
That pretzel looks good.
Care to make a trade?
You're priceless, Gordon.
Just be happy I'm on your team.
Like when children of alcoholics fall in love with alcoholics.
That's great, Winnie.
Jacob, that might be why I was initially attracted to you... but it's not why I love you.
I love you because you're compassionate and you care so deeply about what you do and you have like no ego, it's crazy.
And you're the smartest person I've ever met... and there's nobody I trust more in the world.
Then what my friends say about marriage will be true.
I love you.
Good.
I've already talked to Boesky and Milken and would love to sit down with you.
Welcome to the 2008 Financial Follies!
You guys are awesome!
I better sell them to smart people.
Good news, Smart Man, not only did foreigners buy those traunches, but so did school boards and charities and big pensions.
What a year -- enjoy the night!
(doing his best Howard Down goes Lehman!
Leverage is sexy.
Have you been counting Fridays?
Are you happy?
The market always made sense to me and for the most part...
I was better than it... quicker than it.
Spend more time with my family.
This can't possibly be the man my daughter fell in love with.
He had invented a scheme... it was quite simple actually.
And scholarships...
But he needs fresh money to serve the leverage.
But it's in a trust.
I would love to sign it, Jacob.
Thank you.
Thank you, Gordon.
It stopped being funny.
We're clean with him.
I spent time with him.
Well, we're very proud to have such a resounding success hail from these hallowed halls I assure you.
That's funny because he often speaks about his days here at Redmayne and Bentley... anyway, what I'm hoping you can help me with were records of his early trades.
I'll make you a trade.
Because if you do this for me, Oleg, I'll teach you the Andrew Zabel magic.
Hello... Okay, thank you.
Now give it to me.
Well, now he owns it.
He's in London... giving interviews and being hailed as a genius.
Everyone's buying his book and waiting to see his next move.
I gave back the KZI bonus.
You finally got the cover.
I know it's kitschy but it's fun and good for business.
I'm out, Gordon, I'm done trading.
That sounds good.
The sun is warming the day.
Hector sits on a rock, sur- veying his world.
He smiles.
The easy fit of the man in his land- scape strikes us.
Their steady progress is full of menace.
He jumps from the rocks and runs up the beach toward the cave.
No, down onto the other beach.
I'll come for you in the morning.
Food, too.
She's happy... she's warm, too... and full... she wants to see you... she sent me...
Let's get home.
I * know nothing... Hector... at Cyprian's this morning ... I had to sign certain papers ... tell a bit of a story... * What kind of story?
It's simple, brother... if we cease carnal union entirely then in fifty or so years we'll all be rid of our earthly lives and God can proceed with His reign over His heavenly kingdom... that same paradise that God gave to man before, but which man was so unfit to inhabit that within seven hours Eve was already tempting her master and mate, and within nine hours the Lord had to expel the both of them!
Listen, Hector, let's get this clear... if anyone's going to dally with that widow it'll be me... you couldn't handle her... she'd bewitch you... at any rate, you're not a sinning kind of fellow, are you... why don't you get off up the road tomorrow, and I'll catch you up, in five or so days... You're not a sinning fellow, remember... another month and we'll be at the channel, then home... the little ones you only talk about when you're drunk... don't forget them... Why do I always talk so much... you weren't even thinking of her 'til I opened my mouth... but I trust you... don't worry.
She's a glory of a woman.
You need a good going over... nobody's been looking after you.
Why don't we go somewhere and have a good session...
Sleeping now... at peace, for the moment.
There are * a few souls out here you can help on their way to heaven.
Ten sous * a soul to you... come on.
Peter... Good morning.
I'm glad we're going the same way.
Will you keep me warm?
Hurry up and finish your wine and then we can make love.
Why do you smell so wonderful?
I make it from the flowers.
That's good of you.
You've put magic in this stuff, haven't you, you're bewitching me... You're eager today, Hector, aren't you?
You said mama.
We can talk the same... Mama... that's right... mama...
Oh yes... oh yes.
I want the sun on my back.
I'll fix your back for you... give you a good rub.
I'm good at that.
But I'm * no good with the sheep and the goats.
I'll make them fit.
I'm a good sewer.
We were lucky to meet the way we did.
Chain them on the raft for tonight, and watch them...
I'll comfort them whether they live or die, now or later, any of you, all of you... I'll comfort you all.
So I was right the first time?
Thank you, Alvarez.
Good work, Andre.
Keep warm.
Thank you, Nuno.
The sun has risen sharply, soaring out of the ocean.
Three figures stand in full view, boldly, silently, watching the camp and the pantomime at the scaffold.
We should be friends.
The others work on at the table.
Hector is enjoying the freshness of the day.
They are coyly in the early stages of making love, the Boy lying close to the Girl, kissing her, beginning to caress her.
Their * love-making is poised oddly between child's play and * eroticism.
It's their day of discovery and it is like a dream of love.
The meeting of the two leaders is weird and wonderful * to see.
Many of the Natives have climbed into the trees, * either out of timidity or to get a better view * The trees around the meeting place are dripping with bodies, like human fruit.
He was excited when he heard you had come, but he wants to know if you are real people... he didn't think you would be such a strange color... so he wants to see your...
The King is enjoying himself.
The King joins them, and for a few moments there is a kind of communion between them.
I shouldn't do this, but it is such a special occasion, and he is such a great and worthy King...
Follow you and the others.
I'll comfort them as best as I can.
The trek from the beach to the village has started.
In a day or two the wind and the sea will have rubbed out all evidence of their stay, and the bay will welcome its regular tenants, the turtles.
Ursula pulls herself up on an elbow, finding wells of energy from sheer indignation.
We won't forget you, or what you are doing for these poor people... I'm not staying here with the intention of dying, Dom Paulo... we'll be following you... when we are fit and well... Yes, of course... ... and good luck to you... * They make what they both know is their final parting.
You've made your peace with her? Yes.
I think so... * Thank, God... Well, goodbye.
* Francisco laughs softly.
But then a smile comes to his * face.
Francisco starts to laugh out loud.
The Indian backs off from them, holding his hands up and smiling crazily, as if to say, "Don't mind me, boys, I'm just leaving..." Hector and Bobby are equally silly in their response.
The Indian is in full retreat now, waving his hands about apologetically, but making good distance from them.
They see it disappearing into the trees below them.
It is late afternoon, the sky just darkening, sharp shadows on the far peaks, a purple glow in the air.
Bobby laughs quietly.
He looks up at Hector, and allows himself a small smile.
School is good.
I was saving it... you have it...
You know the rules... no hoarding, tobacco or food... you've listened to me for a month, day and night... wanting a smoke... Well have it now...
I was saving it for my birthday...
I know, Bobby... but that's how I feel about you, too... that's why we're friends... we try hard... come on... smoke your pipe... Hector is neatly turning the tables on Bobby, who now appears churlish, childish.
No... I'll have it in the morning.
They hold hands and run.
Anna... thank God... you have to help me... I'm still in Queens... * I've got cops here and everything * ... I need your car...
A trip from Queens to New Jersey at five o'clock on a Friday afternoon is going to look like a dream sequence whatever you do with it, and that's fine.
Hector's trip to his children has more meaning for us than a simple journey from A to B. We will be aware of our other Hectors, and the journeys home that they did or didn't manage to make.
This car trip will pull the threads together.
And after so many images of the natural world, a world little altered by man, the PANORAMIC SHOTS of New York in all its mad glory will place our Hector in a new dimen- sion.
If there is a breathtaking moment in this film, when everything comes together, when all the pieces fit, then it will be somewhere around here that it happens.
His PHONE Hello... Leonard, hello... yes... we're insured... thank God... yes now I know God's a lawyer... thanks... On the outskirts of Jersey City he finds the suburban street he is looking for.
They're not over the moon about going to the beach house.
Hector is daunted by how grown up they are, not any more the little kids in the photograph in his wallet.
You three have a good weekend.
Hector looks at the flowers.
He smiles and puts on an act of brightness.
Let's have a ride...
Kitchen roll, unbleached, re-cycled, biodegradable... dry seats... Betsy has the grace to smile as the three of them climb aboard the rockets.
He looks at Betsy's face and sees in it the years of his absence, her stoicism, her patience, her courage.
Betsy smiles her small patient smile.
Hector is happier.
The only place the small town has to offer is a deserted coffee shop on the shorefront.
* The kids are ready for this.
Hector begins like a story-teller embarking on a long saga.
Hector is pleased with this.
Well I appreciate that... but I'm glad your mother didn't let you.
I sure didn't want you to see me then... so I got back to work... in real estate... found a partner, we met * in jail... * The kids look shocked at this. * No. He's a good man, a good man.
He's my * friend.
The kids smile.
Betsy and Hector are sitting on the sea wall, watching Thomas play on the beach.
The sun is emerging.
It is a calm dusk.
He sits down beside them with his steak, and a glass of wine.
He watches Thomas attack his chicken, and smiles.
You used to hum to yourself too, when you ate... like everything was fine with the world.
It feels good to him.
The early stars are appearing in the sky.
A self-sustaining life system... for inter-stellar travel.
Well, I'm glad you two are thinking about the old planet.
I'm proud of you.
Look how beautiful everything is.
Hector's voice and laughter carry to us.
On Monday he will face the music.
But at this moment of calm on the beach, let's leave him while he's ahead.
Their voices ring out playfully across the expanse of darkening beach and light-laden sky.
I know... the whole universe is inside a speck of dust that's lying in a ball of fluff in the cuff of a pair of pants hanging over the back of a chair... No... I'll tell you... the whole thing... stars and everything... is sitting on the skin of a bubble of milk in a bowl of cornflakes... and somebody's just about to eat it...
The three of them are laughing now.
Full grown.
These are for my sister... her birthday you see.
(he tips his hat) Good day.
Oh, shut up! Good morning.
(without looking up) Morning.
That's where the Brenners live.
Thank you.
(smiling) They seemed sure it was either Alice or Lois.
It's a lovely garden.
Thank you.
It's a nice drive.
(she smiles again, sees the lovebirds) Pretty.
Thank you.
Deke, have you got a first aid kit back there?
You said it was her birthday.
(grins) Mother, I'd like you to meet...
For her birthday.
(with an overwarm smile) It's nothing, Mrs. Brenner.
(smiles) Where's your bag?
Yes? They're beautiful!
I'm glad you came.
(as they follow into house) I don't know what good that'll do.
(smiling) I guess it does get a little hectic at times.
And certainly pretty.
We met yesterday.
(laughing) Forgive me.
Oh, yes.
The newspaper that ran the story happens to be a rival of my father's paper.
(she smiles weakly) And then, one weekend, he asked me up to meet Lydia.
(smiling) A trifle.
It makes me want to stay alive for a long long time.
(she smiles) You see, I still like him a hell of a lot.
Fine, thank you.
Where d'you want the coffee?
Right down that chimney.
We had a party here this afternoon for Cathy.
Her birthday.
(he smiles) Now, that'd be pretty silly, wouldn't it?
Have you seen him this morning?
Please.
What good will they do?
I'd love to be able to sleep.
(pause) I'm glad he stayed here today.
I'd like you to show her how quiet and obedient you can be.
(to Mrs. Bundy) Thank you.
Thank you.
They bring beauty to the world.
I'm glad I caught you.
(quoting) "Woe unto them that rise up early in the morning that they may follow strong drink."
Good-by.
(she hangs up) (laughing) I hardly think a few birds are going to bring about the end of the world.
Finish your lunch.
Keep quiet.
Take it easy, lady.
We're better off without them.
Please!
(continuing as drone in background) The goal of a peaceful world of free and independent states.
But the quest is the great adventure of our century.
This is our good fortune, and I welcome it now as I did when I first took office.
(her eyes meet his) But I'd like to.
Please.
I want to... Listen!
God have mercy, they're gone.
Mother, I want us to stay alive!
Please.
(with the faintest smile) I think they'll be all right, honey.
Three meals a day, a place to sleep, a nice warm uniform -- It has a little more than that.
I see you finally got here.
Thank you, Captain.
Young man, the functions of my command look very pretty on paper, but they're not very practical in a territory like this.
(she smiles at Haven) (grim at the smile) Is that all?
He really isn't that abrupt -- he -- Goodnight, Mary.
(warmly) Goodnight, George.
Thank you.
(smiling) I do now.
(he grins at her) Goodnight.
Evenin' stranger.
They follow me to see that strangers don't annoy me.
First, you're beautiful.
It's been a nice conversation.
Cream.
Only the winners.
(bitterly) What do you want -- the next dance?
Thanks.
I think it's important to keep it that way... (one more glance back) And I like it better.
(smiles) Now you're Florence Nightingale again.
(smiling) Really?
(finishing the bandage) How's that?
Beautiful.
I was doing a nice quiet business.
That should buy you a small beer.
(slowly smiling) Yes, sir.
Goddard only got nicked in the shin.
You hired me.
No? (with a smile) What good is a lawyer if he never gets in a court?
(she smiles grimly and nods) He'd advise against it -- but if it works my way, it may clear everything up -- for all of us -- and for Iles too.
This is my favorite place in the world...
It's two ways to be -- and I always wonder which is the best.
(smiling) If you're going to frighten me, the least you can do is hold my hand.
You finish that song?
(smiling) I had a dream.
Now you can go back to sleep and I'll finish the dream for you.
Want to ride my horse back to town?
(relieved) Take him easy.
I'll give him a good rubdown.
I'm a new driver.
Friend of yours?
(to the others) Work on this stuff.
Help yourself.
She made it right out of the world.
(smiling) I'm glad you got your voice back.
Well, as a lawyer, my advice would be -- I didn't come here for advice.
You finish that song?
I had her finished, but what good is it?
Good evening, Captain.
Good evening, Mary.
Good evening, George.
I live a careless life.
Good.
(smiling at Mark) Charlie wants to see you.
Watch the stairway.
(she smiles at him) Did you ever tell a woman you loved her?
Best thing for you is to come along, Haven.
That's what I like -- the best thing for me.
Nice to see you alive.
(smiling again) It won't be deliberate.
(smiling thinly) From the beginning.
What's the good word?
(to Haven) So this nice lady held you up and took the gold, is that it?
Now this genteol petticoat waves a pistol and you run for your life.
(to Charlie) You're sweet.
But that was the deal.
(patting his shoulder with a slight smile) Go ahead, Mark.
Everything ready?
This should be good.
I can still make them good.
(eagerly) Here.
A hobby?
(rising) What's this?
They're smouldering right now in the warehouse at the sawmill, and there are about seventy men down there who were ready to wear them.
You better get down to that sawmill, Captain.
(he smiles) I think he's moved us both out -- together.
Thank you.
He looks at his watch.
(beat) I told you, when her mouth hangs open like that, that means she's happy.
Well, it wasn't mine.
Relax the crown of the head toward the floor.
And if my workshop were on top of Mount Everest it would be pure.
That would be awesome.
Now I'm glad I did.
Great.
Thanks.
That maybe we were a little too pleased and impressed with ourselves after the Benedict job?
Please.
I love you.
I love you.
The onset of summer is like a woman who owns too many shoes.
O let the sun beat down upon my face, stars to fill my dreams.
Your young friend has a great deal to learn about respect.
"Deal?"
Listen, I've done a little research on the Schuman Special, and uh...we don't have line of sight for the shot.
Oh. Nice.
The good news is, after the first twelve hours, I stopped being able to smell anything.
But thanks, anyway.
We're green here.
The good news is the trend is toward their extinction.
Their lives are treated as secondary.
Thanks for coming.
With our best stuff.
Our best stuff.
It's great to see you.
(to the group as a whole) You must have been so proud of yourselves.
A Schuman Special.
(smiles at Basher) That was a very handsome crossbow shot, Eugene.
I'll see you when you see him.
Was he good?
Great.
She's passionate.
That would be nice.
Thank you.
Fantastic.
He looks ahead of him to a wall covered with paintings.
He walks up to the wall and smiles -- certainly this will be an interesting day.
His opponent (EDMUND) bangs a great shot.
Toulour laughs.
You should be paying me.
Usually I'm so good at that.
Nice to meet you.
Danny and Rusty nod, their smiles frozen.
Your Degas is worth three times that.
(new lease on life) Now we're talking.
The Holy Grail.
Carl Faberge, the greatest goldsmith in history, constructed the Coronation Egg in 1896 for the wedding of Czar Nicholas and Alexandra.
Good.
The motorcade arrives at the Museum of Modern Art.
Why do I want to have coffee with you?
Well, she was nice enough to hide it from me.
She wakes up and is shocked to see Captain Giordano, finally, standing above her.
He smiles and looks at her.
A waiter brings them coffee, Danny SPOONS in a lot of sugar, then stirs.
Thanks.
Doesn't matter if you're that good.
Are you that good?
That's fantastic.
(starts to go) Listen, I appreciate the call, and, best of luck.
Everything is too easy.
When Europol calls we don't jump up and tap dance for you.
If you want to work in Italy, then you have to do it under Italian authority...and that means you have to talk to Commander Andriotti...who, I'm sure, will be happy to meet with you some time next week-- Next week!
Stares up to the heavens.
Vacation.
Four stories above an alleyway.
Tess climbs out the ladies room window into the cherry picker basket, with Bruiser's help.
We'd love... We're honored that she'd think of us...
Topher Grace!!
Your co-star!!
Please!
Kisses her.
Hugs her.
On Saul, Frank, and Rusty relaxing.
Toulour eats with a beautiful woman.
Danny and the Malloys are looking at Tess's hair.
She looks out the keyhole; It's TOPHER GRACE.
He walks in and hugs her.
This is great.
It's so awesome.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
The way you parted your hair?
Man, that was...you gotta tell Steven how much I loved it.
Thank you.
Hey, cool, whatever.
The Museum Director comes up to greet "Julia".
So you don't think I'm a good actress.
You're good enough for both of us.
Giordano stares blankly at her.
Thanks.
Good seeing you, man.
I love you.
It means you should meet LeMarc.
We start on the Backpack Kid, who is reading a book.
So we're clean?
You're clean.
This way, there's no need for retaliation.
There's plenty for everyone.
Sharing is good.
It's good for my acid reflux.
I'm rich.
(re: stream) Water's good.
We're rich!
It's true, we haven't done this in a while, but it's like riding a bicycle.
Hi. (astonished) Hi?
We traded them for a woman.
Wonderful.
They traded me to the Holnists.
Bethlehem looks his new recruits over.
Welcome, gentlemen, to your new life.
'We few, we happy few, we band of brothers.'
The Holnists clap, they know their General can best this guy.
(gaining confidence) 'Now is the winter of our discontent made glorious summer by this son of York.' Bethlehem claps The Postman on the back.
Bethlehem gives him a satisfied nod.
A life worth living.
The Postman looks to Woody who doesn't tip his hand either way.
The Postman looks ahead to where Idaho confers with Bethlehem.
Idaho's about to hand The Postman a carbine when -- I don't think so, Captain.
The Postman looks to Bandit #20 who stares back defiantly.
What are you waiting for, Christmas?
Bandit #20 can't contain his giggling, so Idaho backhands the sound out of him -- then looks back to The Postman.
The soldiers greet him -- unholy smiles on their ugly mugs.
He alive?
Everyone stares across the river, straining to see as The Postman emerges with the corpse on his back.
You're a Godsend.
The townspeople welcome him with cheers.
The Postman raises a silencing hand.
Only The Postman laughs.
Briscoe watches dubiously from the wall as the people surround The Postman and sweep him through the gates and into town.
One couple watches The Postman closely as he makes his way into town.
The Postman luxuriates in his first hot bath in years and sings a familiar tune to himself.
Thanks.
The Postman looks good in his uniform.
The important thing to remember about cars is, you can't eat 'em.
There's warm applause at that.
You vote for the best man.
Is Nathan Holn still alive?
(extends a hand) Congratulations, you're a postman.
The Postman doesn't realize, but this is the most important moment in Ford's life.
You can stay till morning.
They're brand new.
She shrugs, smiles, holds up a letter.
Abby stands in the doorway, her hair held up by an old red ribbon.
Dancing, checking for mumps.
Abby laughs.
You're funny.
He looks at her. God, you're beautiful.
She stares into his eyes.
Bethlehem circles, menacing on his horse.
From out of the crowd -- a voice.
Hoping for glory by association, the smiling Mayor stands beside him.
Kids smile up at him as he calls out names: Rachel Clark! (as she's there) Charlie Sykes! (as he's there) Graham Druitt!
An older woman sheds a happy tear -- this is wonderful news.
(smiles) A buck seventy-five.
The other jumps.
He runs Abby's red ribbon through his hands.
Help!
Finally, he pulls himself to his knees.
So? What good is that now?
Ford smiles, gestures to the carriers.
Finally: Two plus two equals four.
Everyone follows as Ford takes The Postman on a tour.
Said it's the best one.
The Postman focuses on the moon.
Laughing at us down here.
A beautiful day.
A hand comes INTO FRAME and brings the rifle barrel down.
As they rein up across from him he just smiles and continues sweeping.
Grim, The Postman looks to Ford as the locals cheer.
Ford, hidden in the woods, smiles at the sound.
Bethlehem's words reach Ford, his smile fades.
Bring me a fresh horse.
Weird thing is, being a Postman was almost the best thing that ever happened to me... (re: red ribbon) Remember this?
An excited murmur among the carriers.
He looks at them, doesn't need to read what's in his heart.
He stares at The Postman; The Postman stares back.
I'm taking it to him in the morning.
Ford thrusts out his hand.
The Postman stares at the Mayor a beat.
(as the Mayor agrees once more) Hey, guys, come on in!
Ponytail, Chubby and Drew look up gratefully as one of the citizens of Bridge City doles out bread.
Thanks.
I'll give you the horses and my gear.
As word spreads, folks move down the bridge for a look.
Finally, the Mayor points him back the way he came.
He watches for a moment as The Postman crosses the field - - moving well within range of Holnist fire.
Great men are made by other great men.
You don't have the right.
Holnists and Carriers alike begin to move forward for a better look.
That's what makes me better.
The Postman pounces on top of him, begins to strangle him.
He looks up at the faces -- and finally lets Bethlehem go.
Oh, you mean use him...That's nice.
Last week he was decorated by a president for heroism in a war.
Thanks.
(on tape; he smiles) Uh-uh.
I love that turn away.
(o.s.; angrily) I don't think any client of mine makes less than fifty thousand dollars a year which means they can afford the best and you're damn right I feel good that that includes me.
(o.s.) No. You'd be surprised at who a working girl meets.
Please.
The network anchormen are so powerful they compromise our last best hope.
I know it's fun.
(dumbly) Thank you.
I kept thinking what a great break it was for me to get to see you tonight.
Thank you.
To be honest, I was best at anchor.
Is it because I won an award?
Norman Rockwell's enduring portrait of a Homecoming The return of a fighting man has always been one of the more moving ceremonies of war... Tearful women, proud men, excited children.
Whoops.
(on monitor, smiling) Bill Rorish...Thank you...Good night.
Oh, that was good and oh my, Bill smiled liked it.
He loved it.
Big smile.
I haven't seen Bill smile like that in weeks.
He smiled.
(mimicking) Thank you...Good night.
I saw the smile -- good piece.
Thanks.
I thought you were incredible in there.
Great graphic, great graphic.
You finally got a piece in a few minutes early and I hear Bill loved it.
(into phone) Well, darling, if it gets any better than that, I'm going to have to bring you up here to New York.
(over phone) Well, the visual with the boots at the end was just perfect.
God, he loved the boots.
It's Mr. Buddy Felton?
(self flagellating) Great time to act out, Buddy.
And it really makes me want to be nice back and it has nothing to do with any homosexual thing.
(looks right at him) Honestly.
Boy, that's nice...I wish we could all deal with each other like this.
I'll get you a great tour.
I liked it.
You should be honored -- she never cares about meeting anyone here.
It's not important... I'm fine now.
(what he's been wanting to say aloud) Hey, Dad -- I just may be able to do this job...Well, I'm glad you were sure.
You think anyone who's proud of the work we do is an ass kisser.
It must be nice to always believe you know better.
-- I'll come by your place, right after...drink, take pills... Love you.
Yeah, love you, too.
Excited.
And the most important thing make sure his earpiece works, have back-ups ready.
I'm doing fine...Look.
Good.
Just let m tell you what my favorite teacher ever, told me -- 'Don't be afraid to be wonderful.'
Good afternoon.
And I can read while I sing.
Thanks.
Right and we have the '81 pilot on the way in -- Nobody else will have him.
Nice, Jane.
(sotto) I had no idea she was this good.
He was brilliant.
I've never been as proud of one of my decisions.
Well, whatever you think.
I figured out exactly why it is I'm so hung up on getting a chance at weekend anchor...It's because if I do that well, they'll pay me more, treat me great and my life will be better.
-- it's a happy thing.
Good.
We're going to Caps Bar at Seventeenth and Vermont; Connecticut is clear on Sunday... take that over to Fifteenth, then around Vermont and we'll bypass the circle that way...if you don't go over forty we should catch mostly green lights.
Great route.
Thanks -- good driving -- Thanks.
Thanks.
I'm deeply complimented.
Do you do bunny rabbits?
Isn't this a great date?
I'm not sure I'd be good company tonight.
Move and smile.
(she pushes him a little) And smile and move... Is it safe for me to fly home?
The Italians serve the second best things right after the Chinese...I could do an article comparing Embassy food...Gourmet free-loading...sell it anyplace.
Paul loves him.
Okay -- good move.
Not important -- ha-ha-ha.
No. Are you going to the Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday?
It's just you want to meet a nice guy...So anyways, it was that 'give-him-a-chance' thing.
This couldn't come at a better time.
I'd really like to look...what's the word I'm looking for?...
Well, the line of the jacket -- No really....just very nice...just right.
Have a good time tonight.
The L.A. times is a great outfit.
Best severance pay in the business.
Remember Brinkley's great line -- "It's as irrevocable as a haircut."
(excitedly) It's incredible who's here.
It's a pleasure to read.
Thanks.
(feeling patronized and repelling) I'll be fine!
So this is why you wouldn't do the Weekend New, you can't turn down a free meal.
Yes, born to party.
(sotto to Jane) You're finally learning to be flexible.
Good.
(on TV) Good Evening...In mood and language better suited to an espionage novel than the delicate world of the Western Alliance, the British Foreign Secretary today pounced on what he termed, 'The nest of profession spies and amateur traitors who were turning NATO Headquarters into an instrument whose only true function is folly.'
Help me.
Great.
At least kiss me when you do that.
More and more lately when I've watched you in action -- seen all your energy -- I've been wondering what it would be like to be inside all that energy.
No. Then what was good about it?
It was great...writing my little first rate copy, sitting on my jacket, punching my one thought.
And I'm chipper because you finally showed up.
Tequila and eggs sound good?
I may be in love with him.
He will look attractive and he will be nice and helpful and he will get a job where he influences a great God-fearing nation and he will never do an evil thing...he will just bit by little bit lower standards where they are important.
And if it had gone well for me tonight, maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all this...I grant you everything but give me this...he does personify everything you've been fighting against...And I'm in love with you.
I thought it was great when you started to laugh at the end.
That sounds more important.
I'd like to take everyone out after the show.
Thanks.
Good to see you, Bill.
Good to meet you, sir.
Well, my brother will feel great -- now he's not the only screw-up.
That's wonderful...what a lovely line.
I'm proud of him.
This story they won't cover.
Be good.
(great) But, hey, congratulations on the promotion.
Look, I think it's crazy for you to come in here tomorrow and start a new job.
(considering, then) Then give me a minute... (fully realizing) You fucking... Oh, that's amazing.
You're good at deadline.
(taking ticket) It's amazing.
You commit this incredible breach of ethics and you act as if I'm nitpicking.
You're lucky I came after you so you got that off your... Yes, I am.
Thanks.
(softly) It's better when you let me say it.
Oh, honey.
Good morning.
Good morning.
(to Lila) I'll see you back at the hotel.
All heads turn to take in the arrival of: Standing just inside the door -- she's a fresh-faced beauty in her early thirties, and she's got all new everything the sport of golf requires: new bag, new clubs, new shoes, new clothes, new visor... she looks like she stepped out of an ad in Golf Digest.
The regulars snicker, enjoying her one-upmanship.
(beat) The golf swing is a poem.
The critical opening phrase of this song is the grip, in which the hands unite to form a single unit by the simple overlap of the smallest finger... (displays grip) ... held lightly, a conductor's baton.
Tempo is everything, perfection unobtainable, as the body coils, now to the top of the swing, in profound equilibrium.
To the gods, yes... that he is fallible.
As the weight shifts back to the left pulled now by powers inside the earth -- it's alive, this swing, a living sculpture -- and down through contact, always down, into terra firma, striking the ball crisply -- with character -- a tuning fork goes off in your heart, your balls -- such a pure feeling is the well-struck golf shot -- And then the follow through to finish, always on line -- The reverse 'C' of the Golden Bear, the steelworker's power and brawn of Carl Sandburg's Arnold Palmer, the da Vinci of Hogan, the unfinished symphony of Roy McAvoy.
Hand me the driver.
Tin Cup moves in this world with ease and something that passes for grace.
Hiya, honey -- lookin' sweet...
That better be you, Roy.
enter this holy of holies with complete familiarity.
Doreen... You're looking particularly lovely this evening -- This is nicer than the leopard suit -- Cut the horseshit, guys.
(smiles) You owe me twelve thousand dollars.
She looks at Tin Cup with surprise.
For a moment, Doreen can only stare dumbly at Tin Cup, caught off guard by this unexpected turn of fortune.
She smiles, he sighs.
Well the hood ain't too lively at the moment.
(unfazed) Well, you tell him I'm in town for my big charity best-ball tournament, and I got a spot for him when he comes back from... whatever.
I'm fond of the guy, going way back to our days at University of Houston, when we won all those titles together.
Simms won't be drawn into this adolescent competition -- he's too comfortable with himself and his success.
Roy's a great ball- striker.... Why you here?
I want to win my own tournament, and he can help me if we can manage to behave like grownups together.
He grabs Simms's hand and starts pumping it, gushing with enthusiasm.
... Well, put 'er there, partner!
His hand falls free of Simms's.
Welcome to life on the tour.
The marshals arrive, and begin to wrestle with Tin Cup.
And finally Sports Machine brings you a bizarre incident...
Driving range pro, Roy `Tin Cup' McAvoy... MALE LAUGHTER greets the shot, and: Hey, Tin Cup!
Romeo nods, holding his peace.
1981, Fort Washington Golf Club, Fresno, California, final round of the Tour Qualifying School... Tin Cup cringes at the memory, then moves for the high ground.
I was playing to win.
Tin Cup tosses down another Maalox cocktail.
Doreen dances in a yellow rose outfit, a more classic strip look than her protegees.
Doreen dances over and picks the papers from his hand, reading them as she dances.
She dances away from him, not exactly sold on the idea.
She dances back to him, reclines a leg on the partition, and moves her face opposite his.
He chases her, beer and entries in hand.
Mr. McAvoy, I can appreciate that you have a fairly laid-back, relaxed lifestyle -- but I have hours to keep.
Tin Cup's hands move down to square her hips.
(to Simms) Hi, sweetie...
A killer smile.
Listen, swami, your job is to teach me patience and humility, not to advise me on my love life.
This is where I stand up for all the little guys everywhere who've had their fill of soulless robots like David Simms -- He may be a soulless robot but he's a rich, happy soulless robot with a beautiful doctor lady girlfriend who's got you by the huevos -- (beat) Besides, how is getting into the U.S. Open gonna change what she thinks about you?
Here! (embarrassed) Hey, hey... shit... cool it... 39 Suddenly a convertible passes -- Simms and Molly, 39 laughing, carefree, enjoying each other.
Tin Cup cools off, chilled, really -- and full of chagrin.
I cannot give you time off to win The Open.
It wouldn't kill you just once to tell her she's beautiful, she can dance, she's sexy.
Romeo... are you sweet on Doreen?
Golf is so much easier than life.
My life's a plugged lie in a kakuyi bunker with a tight pin position on a green with a stimp meter reading of thirteen.
This is a matter of the heart!
Well... I'm smitten with a woman.
That's good.
He turns with a smile to the regulars.
Tin Cup looks at the beaming faces of the regulars and smiles broadly.
Thanks, boys -- a man couldn't have better friends.
And with big smiles, they move each other back so as not to mess up Tin Cup's concentration.
Everyone's gone home except Tin Cup, who keeps drilling beautiful shots into the Texas night.
With his elegant swing, as graceful as he is crude, a Zen ritual.
He's surprised but well- settled into his bath of cynicism.
God, you've got a beautiful swing -- -- And big, beautiful green eyes -- I'm a beautiful guy.
Well, yeah... I'll improve.
A deal.
Tin Cup is feeling on top of the world, at his cocky best.
It ain't occasional and it ain't no tendency -- it's a fact of life that he gonna blow sky high, it's just a matter of when and how fast can the pieces be put back together.
Quiet in the gallery!
He hits a perfect wedge -- and says to himself, Romeo, Molly, the gallery, the universe -- Dollar bills... 49 He nails a two iron straight as a string.
He smoked that seven, brother -- From what I understand, the U.S. Open is the most difficult golf tournament in the world played under the most difficult circumstances with the greatest players -- winning it means controlling yourself, managing your emotions, staying cool, not getting in a pissing contest with your caddie who, incidentally, quit.
Good players shoot 82 in the Open.
(taunting, like children) Chickie, chickie, chickie... Simms is a little drawn in, not so much by the challenge as the desire to shut up Tin Cup.
The Regulars cheer -- this is what they live for.
Pureed it, baby, he pureed it!
No, no, I'm fine.
This baffles everyone.
She shrugs and smiles.
Bring out those bills, boys, if ya wanta see a little more of Sammantha!
She can't travel to Arizona for the Regionals -- she's got a busy practice, y'know... so she made me this tape to play while I'm out there... keep me calm, cool, and collected... What's on it?
Accompanied by MOLLY'S VOICE and the MUSIC of JONES, He puts the Walkman headset over his ears on the first tee.
67 (on tape) ... `Follow your bliss...' 68 TIN CUP takes a club from Earl who's huffing and 68 puffing a little too hard for a caddie, and -- Tin Cup crisps a three iron over water to a tight green.
69 CLOSE ON SCOREBOARD -- Even par, even, even, one 69 under... (on tape) ... `Say not that I have found the truth but that I have found a truth...' 70 CLOSE ON TIN CUP -- Still in a zone, confident, 70 relaxed, hitting lots of good shots.
71 He starts to lose it, but... (on tape) ...`You can't have the fruits without the roots...' And Tin Cup just smiles and taps in.
I'm a spectator by nature.
Tin Cup takes the driver and uncoils a beauty.
Like a million others you made in your life, Roy.
The Winnebago returns home, a travelling party of beer, boisterousness, and celebration.
Tin Cup arrives, fresh from the qualifier.
You didn't fall in love with Earl to be your caddie?
I love ol' Earl but I need you.
You don't love me? (exasperated) I love you, too, God damn it!
I've got Wally's Smokehouse for ya -- kind of a nice sign...
You're the pride of Salome!
He's shanking his love life so he's shanking the golf ball.
Look, everybody, this is great.
He wears a pendulum cap, his arms are strapped together, a curious triangular coat hanger type contraption connects his elbows, there's a neck brace, an ankle anchor, an arrow attachment to his left hand, a bucket for right foot, he swings a collapsible club... and a BEGINNERS GOLF VIDEO PROJECTS loudly from his VCR, so loudly that he never heard her knocking.
My God... Aarghh... Roy... Dr. Griswold...
(beat) Such is life.
You look great.
I know a spot along the river's great to watch the sunset?
The Caddy pulls up in front of her office at the new mall.
Put your money on me, Doc, the odds are fabulous and God knows I'm overdue...
Hiya, Roy... welcome to the big leagues... (checks the list) Here ya go, Charlie, his name's right here.
Simms smiles at Tin Cup, the easy smile of a man on top.
They all have a good laugh, and -- Lots of the big names are there.
Brand new Titleists.
Tin Cup limbers up, trying not to be in awe of the real legends who line the practice range, hitting beautiful shot after beautiful shot with graceful ease.
Everybody's watching!
Christ, Simms is here... Simms has arrived and is watching Tin Cup with delight as he loosens up.
Okay, okay... Perfect... now hit a seven iron into that tree over there.
Tin Cups stares at the swami, and -- Again to GEORGE JONES on the CASSETTE PLAYER, Tin Cup is doing a slow dance with his driver.
Seven-o-five... first group off... Keep drinking, keep dancing... That's four hours from now? You're drinking till five... c'mon, c'mon, have another -- (a tough coach) Get you in shape -- Nothing like the sight of a finely-tuned athlete on the verge of greatness...
With the honor in the 7:08 pairing, from Salome, Texas, Mr. Roy McAvoy.
Fairways and greens.
Hand me the two iron.
Tin Cup stares, shell-shocked, as his score is posted.
Well, you humble now.
I mean, that's just an avalanche of golf swings, a landslide, a pyroclastic flow -- Dollar bills... 98 And he swings -- the ball rockets through the hall and 98 clears the open door...
Stiff, baby, stiff!
I kinda shanked it, eh? No, no, no... you were great... Tempo is everything... Perfection's unobtainable... Mighta rushed it on the downswing... Come over the top a little... Yeah... well, as Walter Hagen once said -- 'Sex and golf are the only two things you can be bad at and still enjoy...' Let's take a mulligan and tee it up again -- You guys done yet?
A small gallery has begun to follow him.
A brave par from the water at eight, and a glorious birdie three at the daunting twelfth, another at thirteen... Tin Cup gets his read, and steps up to putt.
I don't care how good you swinging.
Carry, honey!
Please!
Well, it wasn't from clean living...
What are the odds that Roy will win?
Five thousand nine hundred dollars on Tin Cup to win.
That's right, Ledge.
You don't think about winning; you just want to look good.
With the honor in the final pairing, from Salome, Texas, Mr. Roy McAvoy.
Okay, good.
Nice double, Roy.
Finally, you gotta respect a man's doggedness.
Beauty, Dave.
You ever dated a guy who actually believes in soul mates?
So it's come down to the seventy- second hole of this great championship, and the skill and courage of three Texans who have dueled throughout the day for the chance to be crowned Open Champion... Peter Jacobsen is on the fairway at 8 under, McAvoy at the 18th tee is tied at minus 8, and David Simms trails by one... Jacobsen's laying up.
I'm not sure that's good news for McAvoy.
So birdie wins it.
Tin Cup throws some grass in the air, looks back at the green, the gallery, the whole grand setting... and he seeks out Molly's face in the crowd.
Good job, Tubbsy... you won it.
I coulda laid up and still won.
McCORD It was the greatest 12 I ever saw.
Greatest 12 I ever saw... you crunched that dog, baby... gorgeous shot, etc...
They embrace.
TANGO MUSIC comes from a BOOM BOX.
Tin Cup and Molly are sitting, feet up, a couple Lone Star beers beside them, just taking in the warm Texas night.
The world at peace.
It has its charms... (beat) Y'know, by finishing in the top 15 at the Open you qualified to be in it next year -- Damn, I didn't know that... I'm thinking with your game you should go back to the Qualifying School, try to get out on tour... Then I wouldn't see you... Actually, I picked up a whole bunch of new clients at the Open.
And that there's a time in life to play it safe... That's great, Roy... and I'm learning how to listen to the tuning fork, throw caution to the wind, and take crazy risks I never thought were possible... C'mon, Molly, when did you ever take a crazy risk?
Abdullah and Hassan exchange a look and Hassan smiles.
He aims at the rock and pulls the trigger without holding the rifle properly.
The women laugh nervously.
His sisters laugh.
Abdullah celebrates the shot and mockingly turns to Hassan.
Sir, everything is ready.
I helped you out with that thing with your boyfriend.
(Both in Spanish) Good morning Aunt Amelia.
Good morning.
They're good kids.
Everything is delicious.
The waiter smiles and goes to place the order.
This country is incredible.
The Coke is warm.
Why can't you ever relax.
I said I'd meet my friends from the team at Eve's.
Weren't we going to have lunch together?
Thank you, I'll see you tomorrow.
See how easy it is to get into paradise?
(Mispronouncing) Cayeto... No, cajeta... cajeta... Cajeto, cajeta... It's the best thing I've ever tasted in my life.
She's gonna love them.
Where's the bride?
Well, she ain't here.
Pleased to meet you Mike.
Easy, darling, easy... Don't touch me there.
Anwar listens and intervenes.
(In Arabic) Trust in god.
From a shop.
Vacation.
(In Arabic) Hey, did your cousin finally end up getting married?
He gives you his blessing.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I made two.
And you Maria Eugenia, warm up more tortillas.
Everyone raises their hand and go toward him.
Several children raise their hands.
Mike and Debbie raise theirs as well, excited.
Proud, Mike walks toward Santiago and stands next to him.
Mike grabs it and holds it between his arms, smiling, oblivious to what will happen.
Santiago smiles to himself.
Mohammed sits outside with three friends drinking coffee.
A battery powered radio plays Moroccan music and commercials in the background.
The friends are quiet.
Hey look, it's the story.
Richard is looking out the window while Susan, relaxed, sleeps.
Make a right here.
Alarid, with his hand, signals the driver to follow her directions.
The religious ceremony has ended and everyone throws rice at the bride and groom.
Debbie and Mike enjoy doing it.
Music begins to blare.
The band plays various Norteno songs.
Everyone waits for the music to start.
After a while a couple starts to timidly dance.
Amelia dances with Mike and Debbie with Santiago; both Amelia and Santiago show them a few steps.
Debbie watches, entertained.
(Both in Spanish) Amelia, will you let me dance with you?
I've been asking you for a dance for 30 years.
Jacinto chivalrously takes her by the waist and they begin to dance.
Santiago watches them, amused, and continues to dance with Mike and Debbie.
Jacinto draws Amelia closer and they kiss gently.
Everyone makes way for the bride and groom.
The audience and the band sing the little cake song.
A giant, tacky wedding cake, covered in cream, arrives.
The bride grabs the knife and gets ready to cut it.
The bride gives into the ritual.
Debbie and Mike laugh.
Good evening everyone... Hey...
Love came today, it came here all pretty... (he taps his heart) It's kind of like a little mouse is crawling inside of me.
Because that's what love is, it's like your insides get all twisted into knots... and that, baby, is what you've taught me.
And because you've shown me, I want to tell everyone that hopefully love will get inside them too...because it feels so good, really...Thanks a lot and keep havin' a good time... Everybody applauds and Luis steps down from the dais, proud of his speech.
The music plays full blast.
Luis drinks beer beside her while he watches the guests dance.
Amelia listens, frozen.
Yamile (9), a beautiful girl with large brown eyes, enters carrying a tray with cookies and tea.
She greets Richard with a nod and offers him tea.
Thank you.
The girl gets up to offer tea to Anwar, who takes it.
Yamile smiles and leaves the room.
Is that your daughter?
Anwar returns the photo.
(Smiling) I can only afford one.
No, this is where my family lives.
I live in Marrakesh.
A boy is walking this way.
She smiles.
They both laugh.
He lifts up her dress, pulls down her underpants and sets the basin under her.
They laugh.
He kisses her.
Forgive me my love.
Richard hugs her and starts to laugh.
My love... I'm going to get you out of here.
Richard hugs and kisses her.
Ahhh... Ahhh... Richard holds her hand and squeezes it.
Richard leans over and kisses her.
Hey sweetie, how are you?
Everything's fine.
Their eyes meet.
Kenji reads them and looks at her.
Chieko finishes writing, folds the note and hands it to Kenji.
Good night.
Good evening, I'm lieutenant Mamiya.
Good evening, how can I help you?
Then where's the place to be...? Place to be's in the Sun... Well, then, you stay there, then... ...pretty little girl like that, wouldn't stay away too long... Stay here.
You know, you're right... On the other thing, Good News!
...old as you are, it's a good deal.
It's such a beautiful deal, Joe... we waited so long.
Look here, Pal... Look here, Pal... You're the help... I'm what...? ...you're... I'm the "help," motherfucker?
It's Fun to Play Pretend!
That's the deal.
...the man's only doing his job... ...keep it together... keep it together...
Izzit gonna be cool...? ...my motherfucker is so cool, when he goes to bed, sheep count him... I'm trina... I'm trina...
Well, it's always the pretty girl stays home, innit?
My boy there, like to Fertilize the Flowers.
Listen:... ...you gonna make an Impassioned Speech?
It's either gonna be a monumental heist, or a real amusing anecdote.
...I love you, Joe... Why?
Well, it's a nice boat.
Come with me... Meet at the Overpass.
...the job stands...? The meet at the overpass.
At's a beautiful plan.
...no, it's a beautiful plan, Joe.
They're good for digestion.
Cute, huh? ...cute as a pail full of kittens...
You did, Baby... Well.
That's enough to start over.
Hey, I got you, what do I care...? Hello Mr... Smile at the man, tell im cash, I'm coming to get the money.
Can we meet him at His Bank.
I caught him going out of town, he... he wants to meet next... Right now.
Lookit me like I'm your Good Angel.
You wanna make peace.
I'm gonna be Don Ameche in a taxi, honey.
He succeeded.
Thank you for coming, I'm an old Man, I'm going to bed... I'm going to see you back.
Too quick... On the day.
Get the gold, Baby.
My hand to god.
Thank you... ...of my ulcer--Doctor said it's... it isn't the caffeine, but the acids in the coffee that...
They got your photo.
Let's... ...they got your photo...? Yeah, well, that's a Hazard of the jjj...
It's the wise thing.
Good morning.
That's not going to do you a whole raft of good.
You guys wanna wave your magic wand n'make it different, that's awright with me... ...look at the paperwork... Yeah.
FRAN (cont'd) ...lest you need to Throw me in Jail, f'sitting in a Truck... Back's clean... Hey, y'gonna leave, just when we're gettin' to know each other...? Duty calls... Ships-in-the-night... I'm sorry, I believe It'll take us four or five hours to... you know, f'you want, I'll be glad, transfer your load... ...thank you, but we got that thing palletted in there, pretty good, and... I, uh, I don't want to change it, I'd rather wait.
And the prize in the Crackerjack.
I took the thrill out of "slumming..." Let's get to the Rendezvous.
Thank you.
This is the exit for the meet.
Well, yeah, no, I told you... we aren't going to the Meet.
There is no meet, for the luvva God.
Well, thank you, Sir.
It would be nice, to meet a gentleman... to meet a gentleman for once in my life...
It wasn't yours... ...thank God.
Glad to do it, glad to do it, glad to do it.
...come over for dinner, Thursday.
You take care of yourself, kid... Bye, Uncle Donny... Good day for the race.
What was the deal?
What was the deal?
Cute huh? Yeah, no.
It's charming.
See you at the meet.
Says he's fine.
Well... Good of him to keep in touch.
I was going to make you rich.
I was going to make you rich.
I gave you up, Baby.
Yeah, that's what we did for her, we let you live.
I hear it's nice down there in the Sun.
Good, good plan, baby... Yeah, I wouldn't clear my throat, without a backup plan... That's the right way to do it.
End of the day, though, end of the day, what's the important thing...? That's right.
Well, but didn't you do great.
I went to a good school.
You hotwalked that dude so good.
Cooled him out the livelong day.
That's the deal.
It was a pretty plan, though, wunnit...? Cute as a Chinese baby... Thanks for everything.
And on such an important occasion.
Iago...world's greatest villain.
Well, have your `hubby' pop by and give his personal history.
...I do not have a "hubby".
We never talk about our private lives.
I promised my husband I'd stop seeking "The Great Cure."
We're the oldest, most successful, corporation in the world and sitting on thrones is our business!
She made him sublimely happy.
The Archbishop writes it.
My people love to hear me say it.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, this is the BBC, broadcasting direct from Buckingham Palace upon the occasion of the Royal Silver Jubilee.
(to the mike) "I can only say to you, my very very dear people, that the Queen and I thank you from the depths of our hearts for all the loyalty and - may I say so? - the love with which this day and always you have surrounded us.
Come, join the fun! (aside to Elizabeth) You'll have to do a lot more of this.
They adore him.
From the inner office.
My wife's favorite colours.
Make yourself comfortable.
Please... What?
You're too close.
Nice girl, Anna.
(bitterly) Easy money.
LOUD MUSIC is heard.
Again, the LOUD MUSIC.
God help us.
Listen to this babble!
Nice of you to say so, Stanley.
"Art thou afeard?"
Caliban! "Be not afeard; the isle is full of noises, Sounds and sweet airs, that give delight, and hurt not.
Thank you.
And you're too close.
Thought he'd be proud of you.
Lionel hands him a mug of tea.
(sings) Doo-dah doo-dah.
As brothers!
How close?
Princess Elizabeth?
"Mausoleum Day".
I was named Bertie to placate Great Grandmamma Victoria.
Then blurts: He's fallen in love!
I want David to be happy, but the family, the Church, the nation, won't have it.
But now... "Queen Wallis of Baltimore"?
Please.
I made a smudge!
You won, fair and square.
Good lord no!
Nice and loud, so everyone can hear.
See you at Balmoral this weekend, Buh-buh-Bertie.
Kick it `ere, aye, Guv? Nice one.
See how defecation flows trippingly from the tongue?
First time I've heard you laugh.
Because, dear sweet deluded woman, she believes in me!
Thanks, Dad.
Thanks, Mum.
And the brother?
Good Lord, Winston, we must see to it this Empress of the Night does not become Queen of England!
Please.
Kings do marry.
Good of you to see me at this late hour.
Good Lord!
Wallis wrote it for him.
I doubt England is ready to return to absolute monarchy.
You're willing to go along with this?! Changing horses in mid-stream is a perilous maneuver!!! Depends how badly the horse you're on stumbles.
(starts to exit, then) I've written a new speech for him.
This has been made less difficult to me by the sure knowledge that my brother has one matchless blessing, enjoyed by so many of you, and not bestowed on me -- a happy home with his wife and children.
I wish him and you, his people, happiness and prosperity with all my heart.
I too "married the woman I love."
You married a shop girl.
A wonderful lass.
You're a man with wild dreams, Lionel.
I wanted to be a great actor.
A great healer.
Where does a shop girl fit in?
Splendid.
IN THE STUDY: Lionel stands listening, ear to the door.
There's only one thing can save him now: success.
Oh! Hello, Myrtle darling!
What a pleasant surprise.
(to Elizabeth) Good of you to come.
Splendid.
Exhale...down goes Princess Elizabeth...inhale...up comes Princess Elizabeth.
Now comes the fun part.
Best ask our new King.
Dr. Logue is to be present at the Coronation.
Those are my wishes, Your Grace.
But a lot of success.
I pretended it was our trip home to Mother England, the Great Australian Pilgrimage.
Destroyed the happiness of my family...all for the sake of ensnaring a star client you knew you couldn't possibly assist!
Leaning against it is the great two-handed sword of St. George.
Listen to you?! By what right?
Bertie, you'll make a bloody good king.
Bertie stares at him.
The Reader scurries off and tells the others.
(to Churchill) Congratulations.
No, you won this, fair and square.
My greatest honour, Bertie.
Logue joins the others.
Five, four, three, two... Good evening, this is the BBC National and World programme, broadcasting from Buckingham Palace.
Churchill studies the situation, ready to leap into the breach.
For the sake of all that we ourselves hold dear, and of the world's order and peace, it is unthinkable that we should refuse to meet the challenge.
May the Almighty Hand guide and uphold us all.
As Matt steps out into the hallway, he passes NURSE JOY.
Fine, Joy, fine.
The other NURSE nudges Joy to be more polite.
My cousins and I meet in six days to approve a buyer.
Why does so much have to depend on me -- my wife, my daughters, my family's land?
A POSTCARD shows a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG GIRL in a bikini straddling a surfboard, laughing as she's splashed.
Approaching the door, Matt hears LAUGHTER from inside.
Give it here!
Scottie springs up out of the sofa.
Great.
Well, nice meeting you both.
We're dealing with it.
They grow out of it.
You brought me cake.
My great-great-grandmother was Princess Margaret Ke'alohilani, one of the last direct descendants of King Kamehameha.
His window has a grand view of DOWNTOWN.
Unlike a lot of my cousins, I haven't touched my share of the trust money.
Matt and his cousins stand above the conference table, looking at blueprints and architectural drawings.
3000 new jobs in the first five years.
And you have your daughters.
Scottie runs down the hall, excited by the idea of surprising her sister.
They hear LAUGHTER.
Scottie scampers ahead, opening the door to -- -- where Matt places Alex on her bed, takes off her shoes, covers her with a blanket, and watches this tsunami of a girl at rest.
Why didn't you say so before I made them?
Good morning.
I've been doing really well, but nobody ever seems to notice my grades are better, and how I was in that stupid play you guys didn't bother to see.
(sitting with them) Anyway, it's good to see you.
Welcome home.
Good times.
Awesome.
He had his hand on her ass.
Watch Scottie.
It's more fun that way, anyway.
Who is he? (off their silence) Does she love him?
I think you need to cool it.
You're her friend.
Your marriage was not...
It's funny.
And watch your language.
Here, let me kiss it.
I've had my share.
You were so good.
* (then --) * Isn't the idea of marriage to make your partner's way in life a little easier?
Hi, Mom! Look who's here.
(raising his hand) Now!
God, that came out so dramatic.
Don't worry, Mr. K.'s got me on lockdown at night.
You're beautiful.
Matt's smiles to cover the fact that he hasn't actually been thinking about this stuff.
I'll give you a ride.
They want the golf course to rival Pebble Beach, you know, bring in the big boys.
The Jeep stops at the overlook of an astonishingly beautiful swath of land extending from hilltop to bay.
It's like this, but a little flatter and doesn't have as nice a bay.
At least this way the whole world will be able to enjoy it.
(to his daughters) Take a good look, girls.
In the old days, this was part of your great-great grandmother's inheritance going all the way back to Kamehameha I.
The plaque depicts a smiling man atop a horse.
How'd you and Mom meet?
What do you love about her?
I love...
I love how she's more capable of feeling joy than anyone I've ever known.
Years ago we used to do a lot of paddling together.
(mimicking) "What do you love about Mom, Daddy?" Shut up, already.
Our friends continue walking, this time amid THICK TREES along the shoreline.
The Descendants PINK Shooting Draft 4/11/10 Draft I like her stories -- like how she streaked at the wedding and the time she beat a wild pig with a shoe.
She plays them when her parents aren't home and one time invited boys over to see if they grew down there.
Nice talking to you.
Was she that in love?
Nice to see you, Matt.
Nice guy, Don.
Big score for that guy.
Good to see you, Hugh.
Good, good.
Good.
You must be good at that.
Awesome cottage you're renting.
Alex, your great-uncle Warren and Aunt Lillian built it back in the 20s.
Haven't been inside in years.
Super Bowl party.
Does that help?
Does that make it better?
Was it about the deal?
I love Julie.
Please.
Did she say she loved you?
Do you love her?
A good, happy home, two beautiful daughters.
My father has been doing a really amazing job under the circumstances.
Make it official.
I don't need a couple days.
Good afternoon and welcome to Soldier Field, Chicago, site of today's confrontation between the L.A. Stallions and the Chicago Bears.
Looked at the sky.
'Morning, gorgeous.
(pause) Smile, you fuck.
'Morning, boys.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Instead, what I'm gonna do is... (he scoops up the .38)
The truth is a beautiful thing.
Easy, Joe.
She said relax, he never stops home once he's in the office.
Let's take a walk, Buddy.
She's too young for me.
Women have secrets.
Water is wet, the sky is blue, and women have secrets.
That's client confidential.
Story of my life.
(signals the waitress) You were a great quarterback, Jimmy.
Followed you with the Stallions.
Good scrambling ability, seventy percent completions from the pocket...
You had the best gun in the N.F.L. Yeah.
Thanks.
(big smile) Hell.
Then do it for free.
Listen up, friend.
Tell me what she did at the club, besides dance.
Used to say she'd make a great psychiatrist.
Bingo.
Who does she hire?
What stunning advice.
How charming.
Me, she loved.
Love.
Easy, kid.
(smiles) Relax, Junior, I used to do this for a living.
Great.
Give up?
Walk over and hand him the keys.
You alive?
So we're alive.
Hooray.
Acting on an anonymous tip.
And my marriage.
Day by day.
Why should I help you?
This last one was my best friend.
Cory loved you.
I was married at 19. Sweet young thing, looking to get out from under daddy's thumb.
He would have been a great ball player.
And I said to God, 'Hey, buddy, what gives?
Baby!
(smiles) I don't see why not.
Make that two.
(lights a cigar) Used to be, you went to the local stadium come Sunday, you saw heroes.
Not a bunch of football prima donnas, jumping from team to team with their fancy lawyers.
Be a hero.
Hallenbeck all excited in front of hubby.
Good boy, Milo.
Take it easy, buddy.
Best football player in the game.
Great this.
Wonderful that.
Your wife's very pretty.
Easy.
Satisfied?
We're cool, baby.
There's a little girl with him!
That's good.
I'll follow you as soon as my business here is finished.
Hey, who's writing this story?
That's amazing, man! (as Furry Tom) Hey, Mr. Hallenbeck, they're laughin' at me.
Now! It's... Milo's film studio... Write it down, dumbfuck.
Okay, Connie, you're gonna walk us out of here, nice and easy, got it?
Parked on Mulholland above Marcon's house.
I'll deal with it.
Mommy, what's happening?
My wife loves me.
Smile, you fuck.
We're not gonna hand you and your band of lunatics the keys to the kingdom.
Good point.
(pause) Thank you.
Good news there, Mr. DePinto, you're talking to one.
Tell him it's important.
A nature photographer.
A Christmas present for my wife.
(to SILVERBERG) Thank you, sir.
Merry Christmas, son.
Thanks.
Remain calm.
Are those my Christmas presents?
Not a very good one, but-- So you tap everyone's phone?
We won't suspend the civil rights of the good people.
I love my blender.
(beat) Thanks.
And do me a favor.
I went through this with an investigator this morning.
We have good reason to believe that he passed you-- If he passed me materials, I'd have them.
Listen-- I got a call this morning from a source I trust.
Well considering what a colossal douche bag you are, David, maybe I'd do best to simply kick your ass all over the capitol.
I have lunch with Rachel once a month.
Good.
I don't have a life, Bobby.
I'm in love with a married man.
(gesturing) Your shoe.
They're close.
Thank you.
He had help.
He had help?
Now listen to me: The NSA is behind this.
But I love you.
And I love our son.
Good.
I opened the present you got me from Harrison's.
Right on top of the bag.
Welcome to Santa's Workshop.
Unplugged from the world.
Resources, that's a good point.
Time-Life buried the Zapruder film for 15 years.
A 'modified' OKI 900 interfaced with a lap-top creates an enormously powerful tool.
But it's time for business.
(beat) I love you too, dear.
Peace be with you.
The Lord said: I leave you peace, my peace I leave you.
Let us now, in the spirit of these holidays, turn to our neighbors and offer them a sign of peace.
Peace be with you...Peace be with you.
Merry Christmas.
Peace be with you.
Let us now offer up thanks to the Lord our God in the words our Father gave us.
Myself and two others.
He walked right up to me in church.
At the holiest time of the wear.
Armed 549 in progress.
It came off in my hand!
God damit !
Please.
You did good.
I've got a Christmas present from Harrison's I want to show you.
We are that close.
Legend had it that Inkosi Inkosikazi was the last son of the great Zulu king, Dingaan, who fought both the Boers and the British to a standstill nearly 100 years before, and the night Inkosi Inkosikazi was conceived stars fell from the sky until the sun rose.
The Boy's eyes grow heavy; his lids droop.
The Boy and the old man are standing above a great waterfall.
He clambers up the first rock.
The Boy's grip slips off the rock.
The first thing he sees is Inkosi Inkosikazi sitting across from him with a big smile.
The Boy and his smiling nanny watch.
Inkosi Inkosikazi said the spirit of the great Zulu warriors lived in me.
He said three rocks were enough to conquer my problem with the night water; that I was very brave.
The only time I was at peace was when I slept.
The Boy builds a small shelter for the CHICKEN, who CLUCKS and forages contentedly.
The CHICKEN begins to CHATTER.
Practicality.
There is the distant MUFFLED sound of a CROWD CHEERING.
I'm about to have a calf.
And at the end of six matches in all weight divisions, the score is Prince of Wales three victories, Helpmakeer three victories.
And now for the final bout to determine which school will win the Johannesburg 1950 public school boxing team championship.
First man to score three knock downs wins.
Let's have a good clean fight.
sit; one of them MARIA ELIZABETE MARAIS, 17, with honey- blonde hair and lapis-blue eyes, turns her head and engages PK's eyes and his heart.
He comes across with a big right hand to PK's jaw.
The crowd goes wild.
PK absorbs the punishment as best he can, backing up, dancing away.
I admire a keen mind.
A brilliant African sun beats down on the veldt below.
DOC, speaking in German-accented English, moves off from the sun's glare down to PK's level.
It is the best reference library ever, which is a good thing to have.
He had a love of learning.
But his real passion was centered around two things -- music and cacti.
On his fiftieth birthday he gave it all up and moved to South Africa.
Behind Doc's simple, whitewashed cottage is a magnif- icent cactus and aloe garden filled with the samples Doc has collected for years.
Doc photographs it.
Doc an PK walk through the cactus garden.
It grows where no other plant will grow.
It is the plant of patience, solitude, love, and madness.
Modesty, beauty.
Shabbily-genteel, Doc sits in his Sunday best, a cup of tea on his lips, talking in earnest to PK's pipe- puffing, also shabbily-genteel grandfather as PK looks on.
Appealing to my grandfather's stoic belief in the primacy of European culture in all its forms, Doc offered to instruct me in piano in return for my helping him locate and gather his precious cacti.
Doc and PK practice on a beautiful Steinway, so grandly out of place in Doc's simple abode.
It is the love of music that is most important, he would tell me, and I would believe him.
Always in life an idea starts small like a tree.
This tree can grow so high it can touch the face of the sky.
This is the first specimen?
And tomorrow we have the professor's piano moved here.
First thing in the morning.
Thank you, meneer.
First with the head, then with the heart.
A bell at the top of a strongman's game sounds.
A big Boer farmer, mallet in hand, roars in triumph, swinging the mallet again and ringing the bell again.
PK starts dancing, slipping punches.
Not in a gym.
The Boer is a funny people.
PK stops, relaxing.
And you trust him?
That's a good career move.
She sees PK and smiles.
Well, you succeeded.
Don't you find seeking a career as a pugilist and reading for a degree at Oxford a bit, how shall we put it, intellectually incompatible.
Actually, sir, there are several recorded instances of Lord Byron engaging in matches for quite large sums of money.
Both boy and man are enjoying what they do -- and each other.
When he is finished, he folds it, puts it into an envelope, and hand it to the man.
The man smiles, shakes PK's hand profusely, and exits.
Geel Piet and PK share a smile.
To survive the system he lived in he became an expert in the art of camouflage, a master of the invisible.
Who is to say what is true and what is not true, kleine baas.
Doc comes running up, excited, waving a newspaper.
That's great, isn't it?
God willing.
As the weeks went by and the date for the concert grew closer, my life was a whirlwind.
Four men from each tribe were taught the intricacies of their group's parts.
Doc plays the piano.
The muffled sounds of VOICES SINGING reaches them, grow- ing louder as they approach.
It is the sound of happiness.
Please.
The twelve men are satisfied.
He motions for the others to follow.
With the twelve witnesses in the lead, the party makes its way through a path in the crowd.
The crowd goes wild.
The dance is only a week away.
Maria... (beat) I can't come to the dance.
No. Then what could be so important that it takes all your Saturday nights?
P.K., I love you.
No? Are you escorting me to the dance?
Maria, this is important to me.
And my life's important to me.
You see how beautiful?
Always in this kind of rock there is caves.
He shines the light into it.
Her presence says everything.
She writes it on the blackboard again.
PK and Morrie trade a look and a smile.
Thank you.
Good night, Gideon.
Nice to see you, Maria.
Good night, Morrie.
They embrace and kiss.
I'd love to have one dance with you before I graduate.
Good news travels fast.
Now move it nice and easy, the both of you.
Mandoma and PK start boxing in earnest, both smiling.
A watchman makes his rounds.
(cool) I was in the neighborhood.
(beat) I want to make love to you, P.K. PK's eyes fill with her words.
Passion overwhelms them.
They begin to make love.
I want to thank you all for having the courage to come tonight.
(in Zulu) Thank you.
Mandoma raises his hand.
Maria smiles, surprised.
All day a behemoth of a man, a diamond driller, works a stope which is like the top of a funnel.
A huge diamond driller at work drilling and blasting in the stope.
You said I was the best you ever taught, sir.
You may be a genius at reading the rock but you ain't no fuckin' fortune teller.
On being the best damned blaster ever taught by Ian Thomas.
Cheers.
Proper gardens.
Sunday dinners.
Rasputin is timbering with his crew, fitting huge timbers into place, making new haulage, when he hears the whistles.
Make it a sixer and you got me.
Help.
Help.
He breaks into the smallest of smiles and passes out.
Last thirty days was bonus.
You're rich, lad.
He is ecstatic, bubbling with his joy.
Laughter springs from him.
Jocko and PK trade a look.
He smiles at Rasputin and exits.
He uhm-- makes art with them.
But this country's seen a good number of disagreements over the years.
We do the best we can here-- --but hey, public education these days is a bit of a battleground.
His record shows that he's a good student.
We've got a pretty lively mix though--you walk into the cafeteria and the Anglo kids are in one section, the Mexican kids in another and the Black kids have a table in the back--thanks-- So Blacks are-- They're the smallest group except for a couple Kickapoo kids.
Chet has no history of getting into trouble--I'm happy to have him in my class.
The two of us were the only deputies back then me and Buddy--it's what-- '58-- '57, 1 believe-- And the Sheriff at the time was Big Charley Wade.
Sheriff does his job right, everybody makes out.
It's your deal.
He was a good fella.
They tell me you're good at fixing things.
How are you dealing with it?
Thanks for coming down.
Nice job.
Everybody on the border knows that story.
Anglo settlers are invited-- --to colonize the area and by the time they begin the movement against Santa Anna they outnumber the Mexicans here by four to one.
And Buddy was one of them.
Thanks for your time, Hollis.
Thank you, Sergeant Major.
Thank you, Sergeant Major.
Sheriff Buddy was a different story.
Had him a smile like the Grim Reaper-- --just sit back with his hand on that big ol' gun and act the kingfish with everybody.
What was your deal with him?
Buddy was more a part of the big picture--county political machine, chamber of commerce, zoning board if I kept those people happy, he was pretty much on my side.
You and all of the teachers in this dump--your story's over, so you don't want anybody else to have fun.
Joanie Orozco's telling the whole school she's like desperately in love with Santo Guerra.
You can't be desperately in love when you're 14 years old.
You had your chance when the dedication committee was meeting-- I've got new information-- It's ancient goddarn history, Danny-- 1963, they dam up the north branch to make Lake Pescadero.
They've got green cards, they've got relatives who were born here--if they only had a little common sense I'd be very happy.
Mami, the first time I brought him home, those were your exact words-- "some chulo with grease under his nails."
Can't build no civilization that way.
Good deal you were born down here, then.
Pleased to meet you.
It true they gonna build a shopping mall out there?
(Smiles) I been hearing rumors about this new commander coming for a couple weeks now.
There's the Holiness Church and there's Big O's place.
And people make their choice-- (Smiles) A lot of 'em choose both.
Hey, folks-- Let's get this thing over with.
You met her family?
They gonna be cool about you being a white guy?
We better call that Sheriff.
Thank you.
I do appreciate it, and wherever he is, Buddy's puttin' the beer on ice for the bunch of you.
Thank you.
Runnin that kid in for loiterin'-- Nice to see you, Mrs. Cruz.
Lunch hour.
I see she built a place up here by the river.
Nice-looking kid.
Excellent performance, my friend.
Be a good boy, now-- You're the one who's a good boy.
This isn't Houston, my friend.
Our good day has come.
You suckers haven't had a good day since the Alamo.
Sam, squinting toward the light to see who it is, raises his hands over his head-- Get that thing off 'im! He's one of ours-- Zack?
They ran into one of our posts--it was like a breakshot on a pool table, illegals runnin' every which way.
It's quiet-- I heard about that deal for your father--You must be real proud.
'Night-- Mom? Yeah?
(Smiles) What do you think?
Made my own mescal.
(Smiles) I'm surprised he bothered with it.
That summer I built the patio at your house?
You'd do a good job.
When Dad-- If you grew up to he anywhere near as good a man as your father was, I would be happy!
I would be thrilled.
Honey, I think you're smart and you're good and I love you.
Your government always been pretty happy to have that line.
[Hey, friend.
I don't think you can take it personally-- I'd like to see them spend a day pulling 14-year-olds off of each other--I should get combat pay-- I have new respect for some of my kids, meeting the parents they've been dealt-- See you, Molly.
When he rode by, they were squatting in a hut cooking hamsters for dinner.
You told me one time it was true love.
(Mutters) Nobody stays in love for twenty-three years.
My mother hasn't changed the songs since I was 10.
She finally got in-- It's Saturday.
Morning, Hollis.
(Smiles) They teaching that now?
Good.
Only a couple of 'em held out--this man, John Horse, and his friend Wild Cat, and a fella name of Osceola.
Best trackers either side of the border.
There were Paynes in Florida, Oklahoma, Piedras Negras--couple of 'em won the whatsit-- Congressional Medal Of Honor-- So I'm part-Indian?
Please.
This is one of the best deals they offer.
Work hard, be good at your job.
With your attitude, Private, I'm surprised you want to stay in the service.
Thank you, sir.
BUNNY Right.
Then there's the high school on Friday' nights.
(Edging out) You look good, Bunny.
It's nice to see you.
(Smiles) Thanks.
His hot sauce recipe won a contest last year.
Your mother got a brother--Alphonse-- Uncle Al-- Otis stood on good terms with the man.
Thanks-- Catch you later, Colonel.
Creo que la pierna ha sido root--[Anselma felt on the rocks.
[You're very kind.]
I am marry to the cousin of a friend-- but only to be able to live here.
We have a daughter.
Good. (Tentative) Are we going to ever see your father?
Buddy'll fix it.
I'd been running a game on the side after hours craps, draw poker on the weekends.
Buddy bought the cafe for her with money he took from the county.
He's got a few Sky Cams and he owes me.
Morning, Larry.
He's read more than a dozen books, he has a 401K and he's cute.
She holds up her clipboard, which has the guy's E-Harmony PROFILE and PHOTO.
I live vicariously through your dating life.
I'm looking for a guy with sandy brown hair, athletic build, and blue eyes... he's 5'9 which -- I know what you're thinking -- it's a little short, but he's read The Great Gatsby twice, so we'll just live with it, okay?
It'll be better over there.
Yeah, I still like the way it tastes better.
Scotch on the rocks.
In your profile, you said you liked red wine.
Good point.
Thank you.
I'm not trying to be presumptuous, but I am getting a pretty good vibe here... 'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 Floss?
Here, just to be sure, I'll write today's date on it for you.
No one falls in love with your personality at first sight, they fall in love with your tits and your ass.
I'm Mike Alexander reminding you that the truth is never pretty.
That's awesome!
Say hello to our new guest commentator.
It's good for ratings.
He's great.
You and I make good TV.
So don't tell me that "you and I" make good TV.
I make good TV.
Larry, listen to me.
With that, we welcome Mike Alexander.
They loved him.
Congratulations?
You were great!
Mike, hi, it's Ginevra, I'm having a party -- Why haven't you called me?
Mom said when she was fourteen, she was the prettiest girl in the class.
Oh, that's a nice thing to tell your son -- It's nothing worse than what he's heard on your show.
Thanks.
(reading the cake) "Happy 85th Birthday, Harold"? 'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 Sorry, I didn't have time to bake one.
He was a * good guy.
Because I thought you were gonna get fired if you don't keep me happy.
To illustrate my point -- on my left we have the best our world has to offer.
You have a gourmet meal, fine wine, classical music and great literature.
Babes wrestling in Jello.
Good.
Ready, one -- tight on his hand!
Dogs are great, but...well, you're a cat person.
Thanks again for saving me.
(re the dance) Oh.
Thanks.
Good night.
Good night.
And here's one that's sunk a lot of perfectly good sexual relationships: "Marriage?
He's a well-rounded man capable of mature emotions and deep abiding love.
My God, you're right.
Laugh at whatever he says.
You have a perfect laugh.
Sweet.
That's a good thing.
Wow, you look great.
Thanks.
Amazing bone structure.
Laugh.
What's so funny?
* Good.
Now toss your hair.
* Okay, that was a little over the top, but nice try.
Thank you.
You're so much fun to be with.
Thanks.
You're so much more interesting and informed.
That's nice to hear.
This is a family place, ma'am.
So... (sticking out her hand) ...Thanks.
So she likes to make fun of your clothes and stuff?
No, actually I make fun of hers'.
That's one way of looking at it.
It was good.
Good point.
Not everyone wants to start their day by watching you rant about implants and g-strings.
Hey, ladies.
This ceviche is just so....GOOD!
I'm going to ask the chef for the -- ooh -- recipe!
(to Harold) You're going to love this.
Keep up the good work, Mike.
You're a rock star, bro.
The Balloon Fiesta is coming up, so, I was thinking for sweeps, we could do a segment on "how men are full of hot air."
NO! We're saving that for this weekend.
Well, I am ready.
Georgia O'Keefe would be so pleased.
So, don't go knocking my words of wisdom when you're living proof that they work.
You're about to go on Leno! NBC is going to give you the moon -- -- in a gift basket, of course.
And they love you for it.
That might be the nicest thing you've ever said to me.
Your welcome.
Like I said, better a floozy than a doozy.
Well, what do you say to guys like me who have been happily married for twenty-seven years?
Well, Jay, let me tell ya -- Marriage starts off great.
She's cute, you're cute, the world's cute.
Nothing can burst your bubble of everlasting love.
By year twenty, you've learned to completely tune out the sound of her voice and it occurs to you that ever since you walked down the aisle, you're living with someone who can barely tolerate your presence and, on the rare occasion that you actually do make love, she probably thinks about Jake Gyllenhaal.
I thought we should celebrate on our own.
Enjoy.
Joy told me.
I've taught you well.
Well, you're beautiful, you're smart -- COLIN (CONT'D) (cont'd) You're open, you laugh at my jokes, you never criticize... COLIN (CONT'D) (cont'd) You never try to control the situation, and I've got to say, it's a breath of fresh air.
Okay, thanks.
Abby points at candidates, while Joy makes notes on a clipboard.
Channel 4's brighter and more expensive stage, with a prominent logo for "MORNING MAYHEM WITH MIKE!" Mike, dressed in an Armani suit, glandhands the Channel 4 suits, as they show him around.
Love it.
Love it.
Mike finally wakes up a bit.
I'm -- relieved to hear that.
How much do we love this guy?
Oh, this is beautiful.
Joy gives her a "keep going" hand gesture.
Joy and the camera guy watch as Abby gains steam, ranting to the camera.
The big, strong, romantic men we've been reading about in novels and watching in movies since we were nine?
(offended) I love "Blue Lagoon".
Georgia squeezes his hand.
Mike pushes through the crowd of balloon lovers.
He pushes past Joy and climbs into the balloon.
Is he handsome?
BY THE CAMERAMAN, Joy shrugs.
You men that fit the criteria -- don't kid yourselves.
Looks over soul.
Well, that wasn't panic, sweetheart.
It was an unwillingness to compete with the walking checklist that was in your bed.
You should be thanking me.
NEARBY, Joy taps her watch.
An OVERZEALOUS BALLOON PILOT walks up.
BEHIND HIM, the Pilot silently boards the balloon.
An altar with flowers and a minister wait patiently.
Mike gestures for the camera to follow him as he makes his way up to the altar.
As he arrives he greets his groomsman, JONAH, also wearing a tux.
He only has eyes for Joy, Abby's bridesmaid.
(to Joy) Has anyone ever told you you have a stupendous bosom?
A string quartet's version of "HERE COMES THE BRIDE" begins, as we PAN OVER to see -- ABBY, in a wedding dress, about to make her way up the aisle.
The cameraman ZOOMS IN on Abby, as she catches Mike's eye and smiles.
IN THE AUDIENCE, Elizabeth takes photo after photo.
Mike looks momentarily surprised, then -- God, I love you.
'THE UGLY TRUTH' - Numbered Script - 2/14/2008 She smiles as we -- Yeah.
You do good in school?
That's good.
I did good in school.
Thank you.
Amen.
May the angels lead you into paradise; May the martyrs come to welcome you and take you to the holy city, The new and eternal Jerusalem.
Jeez, she fell funny.
Your graduation today solidifies your acceptance into one of the finest law enforcement agencies in our nation.
Congratulations.
(laughter, a long beat) Do your jobs and you will rise fast.
(ALT: Last I heard he was happily married to a 12 year old boy and living on a beach in Thailand.)
Family's dug into the Southie projects like ticks.
Three decker men at best.
If I was I'd ask you why you're a Statie making thirty grand a year.
I'm the best friend you ever had on the face of the earth.
(looking up from his papers) You don't have much family.
(high as a kite) Double the money, double the fun.
He talks like his shit don't stink but he's good people.
Uncle Jackie was excellent.
Excellent.
(sotto voce to WELL- That's Jackie's nephew.
Welcome to the neighborhood.
That's good.
Fancy.
Nice to meet you... "Madolyn".
He's clean.
Do you trust him?
I'm reliable.
Thank you.
(smiles) Lennon said `I'm an artist.
Bingo.
They can't tell the difference between a rock star and a career criminal.
Sun's shining, gulls are up...Nice smell of ozone...
Fact is you're not a guy fresh from the zoo who wants to run a spring water distributor and I don't see you up the dog track as a general manager.
Good day, Fathers.
(terrified and simultaneously) Good morning [day], Francis, good morning.
What comes before the Fall is the Summertime.
Enjoy your clams, cocksuckers.
Are you happy with this result?
Who benefits.
The light's nice here in the morning.
That's an interesting observation.
My hand doesn't shake, ever.
You get a life sentence for it.
In English, thank you, also.
Good Morning.
Good morning.
I'm gonna thank your Uncle Alphonsus for the square footage.
(kissing him, and intently:) You like me living here?
You better get organized, quick.
Are you listening to me? Yes.
You love this guy?
Good, give him a shot.
Congratulations.
I'm glad you want to see me...it's nice to see you...I enjoyed talking...I enjoyed having coffee with you, very much...but I don't see people...I don't see people in my home.
Thanks.
Thank you.
I'm not "hedging my best"...I told you when we had coffee...There's a choice.
That's good.
Trust me.
He's playing with his new boys.
He's moving something with all new guys.
I'll hand in my papers first.
It's the highest honor we got.
Life is much easier.
Sound quality good enough?
It's a coffee shop.
Thanks.
(into it) I'm ready, let's go, right here, right now.
I love you, Pumpkin.
I love you, Honey Bunny.
Well, in Amsterdam, you can buy beer in a movie theatre.
Royale with Cheese.
You don't be givin' Marsellus Wallace's new bride a foot massage.
It's laying hands on Marsellus Wallace's new wife in a familiar way.
That's an interesting point, but let's get into character.
Show her a good time.
Well, you remember your business partner Marsellus Wallace, dont'ya Brett?
Good for you.
They're good.
Which more or less makes me a vegetarian, but I sure love the taste of a good burger.
Royale with Cheese.
Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability.
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic motherfuckers who thought their ass aged like wine.
What's so funny?
It's a great book on body piercing.
This is Bava, different, but equally good.
Give me three hundred worth of the madman.
Thanks.
There was a blonde one, Sommerset O'Neal from that show "Baton Rouge," she was the leader.
Yummy!
We're lucky we got it at all.
Besides, it's more exciting when you don't have permission.
So, dance good.
Now let's meet our first contestants here this evening.
(pause) Music and drinks!
So you're gonna go out there, drink your drink, say "Goodnight, I've had a very lovely evening," go home, and jack off.
(on TV) Hold hands, you love birds.
Don't yell and me! (to Lance) You two are a match made in heaven.
It's like a text book they give to nurses.
If you can keep a secret, so can I. Let's shake on it.
Three tomatoes are walking down the street, a poppa tomato, a momma tomato, and a little baby tomato.
See ya 'round, Vince.
Well this here is Capt.
See, I was a good friend of your Daddy's.
This watch I got here was first purchased by your great-granddaddy.
It was your great-granddaddy's war watch, made by the first company to ever make wrist watches.
Then when he had done his duty, he went home to your great- grandmother, took the watch off his wrist and put it in an ol' coffee can.
Your great-granddaddy gave it to your granddad for good luck.
The way your Daddy looked at it, that watch was your birthright.
Great.
Well you should be happy, 'cause you do.
The difference is huge.
Good job.
Were you the winner?
(smiling) Really?!
We ain't at the finish, baby.
Do you love me?
Will you give me oral pleasure?
Will you kiss it?
(in French, with English subtitles) Butch my love, the adventure begins.
Giving me oral pleasure?
Tulip is much better than Mongoloid.
Excellent pronunciation.
You'll be my little mama ceta in no time.
Time for bed.
Sweet dream, jellybean.
(referring to his clothes) Oh yes, that looks nice.
Pie for breakfast?
Well it's not here!
Now you on top, stand up and come to the counter.
Deal.
Honey, grab your radio and your purse and let's go!
Is everything well?
In fact, we're super- cool.
(he kick-starts it) It's a chopper, baby, hop on.
I'm sorry, baby-love.
Everything's fine.
Hey, how was breakfast?
Baby-love, from the moment I left you, this has been without a doubt the single weirdest day of my entire life.
"The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men..." "...blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherded the weak through the valley of darkness.
Friend of yours?
If he were to come in here and see that towel like that... I'm tellin' you Vincent, you best be cool.
Jules, you ask me nice like that, no problem.
I don't need you to tell me how good my coffee is.
There's nothin' you can say that's gonna make me forget I love my wife.
Please do.
Aside from how it looks, the car's cool.
Good enough, let's go back to the kitchen.
Thank you, Jimmie.
Spoken like a true prodigy.
I'm cool, Mr. Wolf.
Like it never happened.
You know, if they ever do "I SPY: THE MOTION PICTURE," you guys, I'd be great.
Redondo Beach.
I was a pleasure watchin' you work.
Respect.
Oh you're so funny, oh you're so funny.
Want to have breakfast with me?
Sausages taste good.
Pork chops taste good.
Good for you.
What is significant is I felt God's touch, God got involved.
Funny, I've been thinkin' the same thing.
It's beautiful.
Chill out, honey!
Promise her.
I promise.
Tell her to chill.
(to Yolanda) So, we cool Yolanda?
And that's what we're gonna be, we're gonna be cool.
Yolanda, I thought you were gonna be cool.
It's cool, Vincent!
Yolanda, it's cool baby, nothin's changed.
(to Pumpkin) Tell her we're still cool.
It's cool, Honey Bunny, we're still cool.
Yolanda, how we doin, baby?
Just hang in there, baby, you're doing' great, Ringo's proud of you and so am I. It's almost over.
Now with the rest of them wallets and the register, that makes this a pretty successful little score.
Today he made his First Holy Communion.
(lifting a glass of champagne) Young man, young man...thank you, young man.
(impressed) Excuse me, but aren't you... Yes, you saw me in the movies, Good Humor man, and yes, I had more off than my shoes!
Relax, Freddie honey.
Come dance with me.
Listen, Michael's got a lot of nice people here.
Mama...Mama!
I got surprises for everybody!
(offering the tray) Only champagne and cocktails.
You look great.
Gee, Frankie, it's good to see you.
We love each other, Uncle Michael.
I'm pleased and impressed that you had the thought to come to me before going on with your plans.
It shows me that you're a considerate man, and will be good to her.
My major is Fine Arts, sir.
How will Fine Arts support your new wife?
(smiling) Never be embarrassed by your wealth.
Let's set the wedding soon...it will be my pleasure to give the bride away.
Thank you, Uncle Michael.
Make her dowry impressive.
He comes from a family who still thinks an Italian bride goes barefoot.
With Mama, putting the baby to sleep.
Francesca's very happy.
I love Michael, I want to help him, be close to him.
...my thanks, and the thanks of the young people of the State of Nevada, for this most impressive endowment... (he holds a check in his hand) ...made to the University in the name of Anthony Vito Corleone.
Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Corleone.
And now, the Nevada Boys' Choir have prepared a special thank you for Mr. Michael Corleone.
My wife has been very concerned with making a good impression on the people who are our neighbors, and your appearance here has made her very happy.
I trust these men with my life.
Turnbull is a good man.
Tell Frankie Pentangeli I'd like him to have dinner at my family table before we do business.
If my Father were alive, it'd be true.
What a pleasure, Merle.
(shaking hands) (Sicilian) Those two are perfect for each other.
We make the invitation to you to tie up your affairs and be out of the hotel by Monday morning.
(to the staring performers) Keep it going.
Come on, you've got to see her! Carla! (Sicilian) No...please, not my daughter.
(Sicilian) The Black Hand.
Fanucci is of the Black Hand.
(Sicilian) Beautiful.
(Sicilian) Beautiful.
For you, she is beautiful.
(Sicilian) (surprised) And he agreed?
I will always be grateful to you.
Thank you.
Hurry up! (Sicilian) (casually) Do you have my goods still?
(Sicilian) I have a friend who has a fine rug.
(Sicilian) Your friend lives in a fine building.
(Sicilian) Good, you waited for us.
We do each other favors.
Carmine...play...play for my friends.
(Sicilian) Lady, I got a bargain on these dresses.
You've done a good job for yourself tonight.
(Sicilian) 'Good evening,' Signor Fanucci.
(Sicilian) Santino, your papa loves you.
They were friends.
Did you see my present for you?
I can help you.
Keep them alive.
(to Rocco) Have Tom Hagen meet me in the Harbor House.
But it is because I do trust you that I've kept so much secret from you.
I give you complete power: over Neri... Fredo, everyone.
I am trusting you with the lives of my wife and children, and the future of this family, solely resting on your judgment and talent.
(reluctantly) Well...come in.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mrs. Roth.
Hyman...HYMAN, your friend is here.
I'll give a yell when lunch is ready.
Not for a few years.
I like sporting events -- I really enjoy watching them in the afternoon.
One of the things I love about this country.
I loved baseball ever since Arnold Rothstein fixed the World Series of 1919...I heard you had some trouble.
Good health is the most important thing; more than success; more than power; more than money.
You're a great man, Mr. Roth, I have much to learn from you.
I, of course, knew of their relationship with you, and in gratitude for your help with the Tropicana matter, turned him down.
This thing of ours, that we will build.
Nothing is more important.
What we do together in the next few months will be history, Michael; it has never been done before.
Good.
I've invited Mama, Sandra and the kids for barbecue.
The Barretts from Rubicon Bay came by in a new speedboat.
Hey, Dad! Rocco!
It was so good when you were alive.
Welcome to the Capri; my brother's upstairs.
Pleasure to meet you, I'm sure... (Spanish) Most respected gentlemen, allow me to welcome you to the City of Havana, the Republic of Cuba on behalf of His Excellency, Fulgencio Batista.
I'd like to thank this distinguished group of American Industrialists, for continuing to work with Cuba, for the greatest period of prosperity in her entire history.
The President would like to take this opportunity to thank U T&T for their lovely gift: a solid gold telephone!
(continuing) We began a highly successful offensive against them in March, and activities within the city itself are at a minimum.
Rum... Coca Cola...a squeeze of fresh lime... Cuba Libres.
(ad lib) Happy Birthday!
Everything we've learned in Vegas is true here; but we can go further.
But only if this Government relaxes its restrictions on importing building materials; we'll need some new laws, too, but that will be no difficulty.
He's not the same as when I met him.
I want it to be over before my baby is born.
Watch out, Stutz!
Great, Havana's great.
Tonight I want to relax with you.
I want to show them a good time in Havana.
We got to see Superman.
Everyone stands.
But it's worth it, watch!
That's him; that's Superman!
Tonight we've been invited to a reception at the Presidential Palace; to bring in the New Year.
They'll have cocktails... then dinner, and a reception with the President.
Can I help?
The old man will never bring in the New Year.
It is my pleasure to make this a gift.
He'll stay in bed in the Bronx!
From the year 1927 to the present time, you were an employee of the "Genco Olive Oil Company."
The Corleone Family, Senator.
That's right, counsellor.
Yeah, a buffer, the Family had a lot of buffers.
Where's my brother?
The baby?
(Sicilian) Well, we can all have a nice dinner together tonight.
She can have another baby.
(reading) In the hopes of clearing my family name, in the sincere desire to give my children their fair share of the American way of life without a blemish on their name and background I have appeared before this committee and given it all the cooperation in my power.
Get a good night's sleep.
We got a new suit, new shirt, new tie, and I'm going to shave you myself.
We have a special home for you for the rest of your life.
You'll be a hero.
You'll live better in here than most people on the outside.
I'm smart; and I want respect.
No. Michael, Fredo's in the house with Mama.
Can't you forgive Fredo; he's so sweet, and helpless without you.
He landed in Buenos Aires yesterday, offered a gift of one million dollars if they would give him citizenship.
Good.
You know, when I was a kid, I did this amazing thing.
Anthony, kiss me once.
Good.
I was a good student, but I never finished.
Here... my brother Fredo, here's my Mom.
Mom, whatcha got cooking?
Buon Natale... (he smiles at Tom Hagen) Hi, Tom, how's every little thing?
(helping him with the presents) Wonderful, Sal.
Is dinner ready?
To my grandchildren, and those that will be.
It's Christmas, your brothers and sister are all here -- we are happy.
Go your own way, but when you are ready, come to me the way a son should.
I have hopes for you...
I can always get you a research position at the V&A when you've grown up a bit and got this film idea out of your system... COLIN's smiles but before he can reply JANE CLARK whirls into the room, a ball of energy, talking nineteen to the dozen.
Oh, Colin, darling, there you are...
She looks wonderful in a good quality but elderly dress, eccentrically combined with gardening attire, her mind on a dozen things at once.
COLIN smiles hurriedly at KENNETH, who gives him an affectionate wave as COLIN dashes after his mother.
The phone rings in the beautiful central hall.
Colin, darling!
How exciting.
Mama, you're an angel.
A new morning.
But great beauty has its way... Hello, boy... remind me?
You met him at the Clarks' party.
Now, darling, you must do something for Colin.
VIVIEN smiles at him.
She flirtatiously offers up her cheek for COLIN to kiss.
COLIN's smile falters as he sees PERCEVAL looking at him grimly.
The two men are watching make-up, hair and wardrobe tests for the film.
The film shows Marilyn looking sweet and pretty, chatting silently to someone just off camera, mugging playfully in costume, larking about with her hair - and then, when she wants to, turning on her full film star wattage and looking wonderful, every inch the beautiful icon.
He grins, enjoying himself.
Now make yourself useful.
Excellent.
(Pause) For the next four months you never leave her side, day or night.
PERCEVAL and COLIN meet them coming the other way.
Good news.
It is a deep happiness to me to be translating Terence Rattigan's magnificent play to the screen...
The radiant smile, the platinum blonde hair, the sexy wiggle.
Walking through the crowd MARILYN smiles easily, whereas MILLER looks stern and a little dazed by the sudden flurry of attention.
I'm 43, darling.
No one will love me for much longer.
He goes to protest but she stills him with a finger to his lips, her smile quickly restored.
COLIN stands outside, staring at it grimly, his bag in his hand.
You'll be sharing with Grace Kelly.
He looks down and finds a stained and yellowing chamber pot under the bed.
DAME SYBIL THORNDIKE (74), severe-looking but kindly, very much the grand dame of the gathering, smiles cheerfully.
What a wonderful adventure, Dame Sybil.
MARILYN glances up at COLIN in the mirror and smiles with unexpected simplicity.
Marilyn, here you are, everyone is so excited to meet you...
She smiles kindly at MARILYN who smiles back tentatively from behind her dark glasses.
He smiles with considerable charm as he makes his opening speech of welcome.
Pleased with his over-contrived rhetorical flourish, he gives Paula a pointed look.
My very noble and approv'd good masters, let us now embark on our great voyage of discovery together.
Solidarity is the important thing here.
She smiles nostalgically as ORTON appears to hustle COLIN away, muttering furiously.
The camera operator, DENYS, rolls the camera.
The decorations hideous, and the music... catastrophe!
SYBIL THORNDIKE smiles cheerfully.
"What does she say?" "She says she is deeply flattered and compliments you on your wonderful memory."
"Thank you, my dear.
(After a second) Gate's good.
SYBIL THORNDIKE smiles.
You're Elsie to the life!
MARILYN smiles awkwardly, not really believing her but SYBIL carries on with complete conviction.
Pleased to meet you, Mr. Armstrong.
Next Saturday?
As he walks down the path, COLIN pauses.
COLIN is back on the early morning watch.
She hands him a bright red woollen scarf.
Thank you, Dame Sybil.
He smiles as her car drives away.
She is a star.
MARILYN finally emerges with PAULA at her elbow.
Marilyn, darling you are an angel, and I kiss the hem of your garment, but why can't you get here on time for the love of fuck?
She looks at him in surprise.
A great actress like you has many other things on her mind.
It is a rare gift.
They watch one of OLIVIER's speeches (from the " The Coconut Girl" sequence we saw filming in Scenes 61 and 62).
But finally a good take comes up.
She is charming and natural and her performance suddenly makes OLIVIER's look stiff and clumsy.
MILLER smiles in relief and reassurance.
For all his greatness as an actor he will never be a film star like the maddeningly instinctive Marilyn.
Until now he has taken Marilyn entirely at Olivier's valuation, but as he watches her on screen he begins to see things differently.
The kid's right.
She could use the confidence.
COLIN hurries across the stage, carrying a fresh carton of "Oliviers".
I'm in awe of your gift.
I better go see her.
Pills to calm her down, pills to give her energy.
ROGER takes two bottles of beer from the well stocked drinks cabinet and hands one to COLIN, putting a coaster for him on the coffee table.
Help yourself.
It makes her easier to control.
He smiles grimly and raises his beer bottle.
Cheers!
She laughs and turns to COLIN, looking at him severely.
Darling Marilyn!
She kisses her on both cheeks and holds her hands.
Oh, but everyone says you were a wonderful Elsie on stage.
She glances at OLIVIER with a fluttering laugh.
He smiles back with a haunted look in his eyes.
VIVIEN stares at him.
The screen is lit up with the rushes of the scene in The Prince And The Showgirl where a startlingly beautiful MARILYN, in gorgeous close-up, eats caviar and drinks champagne in a toast to the American President.
I didn't think she would be so beautiful.
She... shines on that screen.
The way you watch her... There's never been anything between Marilyn and me.
COLIN finds a woodbine in his other pocket and gives it to OLIVIER, who lights it with a shaking hand.
Vivien's right...
Good.
The next morning.
I didn't spend the night with her.
Grow up, kid.
It is all good-natured stuff but COLIN feels strangely protective, not so much on his own behalf as Marilyn's.
There are hoots of laughter.
I know a Femme Fatale when I see one, love.
We had ten days together and that was it.
She offers him a dazzling smile.
COLIN smiles, self-conscious.
MARILYN smiles.
You look cute together.
I hope I look that good when I'm And these are all by Leonardo Da Vinci.
Didn't he paint that lady with the funny smile?
Now, let's go to the Queen's apartments.
Oh, yes.
He shares a sly smile with COLIN.
MARILYN kneels in front of it, gazing from room to room with childlike joy.
She points at them, her eyes shining.
She smiles wistfully and puts her hand on his arm.
They should grow up knowing how much their mother loves them.
We look like such a happy family, don't we?
There are cheers as they see her.
COLIN looks nervously at MARILYN but she smiles and winks at him, mocking herself gently.
The delighted crowd bursts into cheers.
She catches his eye and smiles, just for him.
COLIN smiles.
MARILYN laughs in delight.
After the riotous excitement of the Eton schoolyard the peace and quiet of the river.
She hasn't made a sound for over an hour.
How romantic.
And do they love you?
Do you love me, Colin?
But you and I come from different worlds.
Mr. Miller loves you.
Good old Colin.
The baby.
I can't lose the baby.
Promise me.
At the same moment PAULA comes rushing in, hair awry, gown flapping, a wild look in her eye.
Happy now, kid?
She needs to stay in bed tomorrow but after that she'll be fine.
Well, goodnight then.
He looks at COLIN with cool disapproval, then closes the door and drives off.
When this film is over I'm going to settle down and be a good wife to him.
I'm going to learn to make Matzo ball soup as good as his dad's.
She smiles wistfully at the fantasy.
You'd love it.
I am happy.
The biggest star in the world.
She smiles, touched.
She kisses him gently.
He smiles and says lightly: What's that for?
That's for being on my side; and remember, when you see me wink, that's for you.
(glancing at COLIN) Looking a couple of inches taller than when I first saw you.
As the picture fades we hear like a ghostly lament the sweet echo of Marilyn's voice singing the Sleeping Prince Waltz.
We see MARILYN dancing happily, exaggerating off camera, looking playful and sexy.
She is radiant and full of life.
After a moment she turns and looks off camera - perhaps to where Colin himself would have been standing - and winks happily.
Blown up to the full size of the screen it is utterly sweet and charming.
She smiles, laughs at something, giggles in delight (without sound).
She says something to an unseen crew member, then looks back, smiling at the camera.
So he sees this cat tryin to make it across the street and it's not lookin' so good.
Well, she out did herself today...
(smiles) So don't go.
(smiling, good naturedly) Hey, Bobby Champa!
Sister Margaret's class... Hey, thanks for comin' out.
That's one thing about Harvard never seizes to amaze me, everybody's talkin' about school all the time.
See, it's my life story.
Glad I came over.
Yeah, can I help you?
(offers hand) Gerald Lambeau.
Pleased to meet you.
It's Will, the really funny good looking guy you met at the bar?
Sounds good, where are you now?
That you meet with me twice a week (a beat) and you meet with a therapist.
He's also published four books and is widely considered to be one of the brightest men in his field.
One edge of an inner rectangle is an integer.
Look, I'll give you the key steps to it but I'm not gonna do the whole thing.
And we start dancin' and it's beautiful-- (getting up) Oh Jesus.
I have better ways to spend my time.
I was havin' fun.
Keep up the good work, Maureen.
Professor Gerald Lambeau is a Field's Medal winner.
The Field's Medal is the Nobel Prize for math.
You were thinking you were gonna get a good night kiss.
I was kinda' hopin' to get a "good night laid" but... I'll take a kiss.
That had to be the worst good night kiss... Hey, look lady, I'm just here for the free food.
Free?
This kid's special, Sean.
He was alive over a hundred years ago.
So this Ramanujan lived in a tiny hut in India.
Yeah, let's let the healing begin.
Stunt your growth.
It was great.
(laughing) Do you keep in touch with them?
Why thank you.
So if I asked you about art you could give me the skinny on every art book ever written... Michelangelo?
You've never stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling.
But you couldn't tell me how it feels to wake up next to a woman and be truly happy.
You've never held your best friend's head in your lap and watched him draw his last breath, looking to you for help.
And if I asked you about love I'd get a sonnet, but you've never looked at a woman and been truly vulnerable.
It was pretty impressive, actually.
Promise?
Didn't your mother ever tell you not to look a gift horse in the mouth?
Your book was good, Sean.
Would have been nice to catch that game though.
See ya' Chuckie.
I had fun.
You're givin' us a ride.
Don't get too slap-happy, you're takin' me home first.
(a beat, to Chuckie) Let me get those keys.
If you're not exaggerating, Gerry-- Was I exaggerating in nineteen eighty- four when I told you I'd win the Field's medal within two years?
Good to meet you.
Pleasure to meet you.
(beat, smiles) Put it on my tab.
What's the jackpot?
That's great, Gerry, that there's interest -- But I'm not sure he's ready for that.
Thanks, Timmy.
This boy has that gift.
We can give that to him.
He married his cousin.
Had two marriages, both trainwrecks.
You're rich.
Rich?
I have an inheritance.
Nobody does organic chemistry for "fun."
(beat) Listen, Will, if you don't want to tell me-- Do you play the piano?
So you play the piano.
He looked at a piano and saw music.
So, do you play the piano?
Good.
(smiles) You were the only Sullivan in the phone book.
Well, what aren't you scared of?
And I deal with it.
I love you.
I love you!
I love you, Will.
What are you smiling at?
I played my hand.
(beat) Fine.
Every day I come by to pick you up, and we go out drinkin' or whatever and we have a few laughs.
He has a gift and with that gift comes responsibility.
Oh, that's nice-- And who do you think he's handling?
Save it for your mother, funny guy.
Happy Birthday.
(to Will) Here's your present.
So, you finally got a job Morgan?
Happy 21, Will.
Good for you.
Congratulations.
Thanks you.
Do what's in your heart, son.
See ya.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
(has to smile) Thank you, Will.
In addition to Naomi and my two perfect kids, I own a mansion, private jet, six cars, three horses, two vacation homes and a 170 foot yacht.
Oh yeah, and I love drugs.
(to Captain Dave) Ya guzza git hazarous doozy pay, buddy.
Yes, on a daily basis I take enough drugs to sedate greater Long Island.
I use Xanax to stay focused, ambien to sleep, pot to mellow out, cocaine to wake up and morphine because it's awesome.
Over his back as we TRACK HIM out of his office toward what sounds like the ROAR of a mob-- Money doesn't just buy you a better life -- better food, better cars, better pussy -- it also makes you a better person.
But most of all, in any country in the world, money can buy you love.
Like an eager puppy, Jordan follows broker JERRY FOGEL, 30, thick-lipped and bow-tied...
It's MARK HANNA, 30s, charismatic, movie-star handsome.
(re: Fogel) Good, you've met Jerry.
Fogel's smile turns to a frown.
Smile and dial.
Let's grab lunch later.
Windows good with you?
Great.
The reason I'm calling is that an extremely exciting investment opportunity crossed my desk today.
It's a rock-solid company, sir, it's the next Microsoft... Six thousand.
DONNIE AZOFF, preppy-looking, 25, with horn-rims and bright white teeth approaches from the takeout counter.
Nice ride.
Seventy grand last month.
You made seventy grand in one month.
He also married his first cousin -- Jordan sits in mid-conversation with Donnie over beers.
He smiles as she opens a jewelry case -- inside is a diamond tennis bracelet.
It's beautiful.
She smiles, but he detects a wave of... something.
I love it.
Sea Otter pitches a client.
What this trade will do is serve as a benchmark for future business.
Everybody have a good week?
* The place goes WILD with applause.
And to celebrate with a weekly act of debauchery, I have offered our lovely sales assistant Danielle Harrison ten thousand dollars to * have her head shaved!
More wild applause as Jordan signals across the bullpen to Donnie.
As they march through the bullpen to cheers-- FROM THE KITCHEN -- two dozen TUXEDO-CLAD WAITERS emerge carrying trays of champagne and hors d'oeuvres.
The music continues as two dozen STRIPPERS bolt in, gyrating among the BROKERS.
They shake hands, then he smiles for the camera - CLICK!
A gorgeous place; city views.
(on the bright side) Your hair looks good.
"Jordan Belfort, a twisted version of Robin Hood who takes from the rich and gives to himself and his merry band of brokers".
PATRICK DENHAM sits sipping coffee as he reads Forbes.
CLOSE ON two BROKERS wrestling while others cheer them on.
Model material.
Finally there were pink sheets, skanks, the bottom of the barrel.
-- so enjoy yourselves, you all deserve a celebration.
* (off laughter, Kimmie * flips him the bird; he blows her a kiss) But, everybody, keep this in mind.
As Jordan looks down smiling like a benevolent dictator -- Fuck Merrill Lynch, this way we become the underwriters.
GORGEOUS PEOPLE dance/drink/snort coke.
Naomi smiles.
She opens it, slips it in her red wine glass.
And as she sips the wine seductively through the straw... Jordan's Ferrari makes its way over the bridge, heading back toward Brooklyn.
Naomi smiles.
A small, cozy apartment.
Jordan smiles.
Jordan cums loudly, convulsively.
CLOSE ON Naomi, who talks on the phone, smiling.
I thought you were at the beach house, I-- I married you when you had nothing-- Teresa...
Jordan and Naomi sit at the table, set for a candle-light dinner.
Thank you, Nicholas.
Naomi smiles.
He was smart, sophisticated, really great.
--with Naomi my Duchess, me her handsome Duke and The Bahamas Ocean Club our castle.
We love you!
Look! Jordan turns, then crosses to them, smiling.
Jordan dear, how lovely.
It's so nice to see you again.
Deftly, she wipes it off, smiling.
Enjoy the day.
Your wedding present.
But what happened to wine connoisseur?
Now get over here and kiss me!
Kiss you?! Splash!
My morning ritual.
Jordan motions for him to calm down.
When I was sixteen, my friends were out chasing girls, but I was learning about women's shoes.
In a flash, Jordan rushes over, grabs the mic-- The Wolf of Wall Street Buff Revised Pages 3/5/13 All right, let's hear it for Steve Madden and the wonderful Mary Lou! Huge applause, with stomping feet; howling, etc. Okay, now that you got that out of your system, I want you to know why Steve is so completely off the fucking wall... It's because this man is a creative genius.
Steve's power, his gift -- is that he creates trends.
Now I'm gonna let you in on a little secret about this telephone -- it won't dial itself!
That phone is the great equalizer!
But before you depart this room full of winners, I want you to take a good look at the person next to you, because one day in the not-so- distant future, you'll be sitting at a red light in your beat-up old Pinto, and that person's gonna pull up in a brand new Porsche, with their gorgeous young wife at their side.
So you listen to me and listen carefully.
Good.
Good.
Janet, baby.
Which * was lucky for me, since so far I'd * been able to keep Agent Fuckface * unaware of the trip.
Nice to make your acquaintance.
Jordan, Rugrat and Donnie drink coffee with Saurel and one other SWISS BANKER.
Polite laughter.
More chuckles.
Saurel smiles.
Which is why Mr. Azoff's joke is most appropriate: from a financial standpoint you are now in heaven, and we welcome you.
Everyone's impressed.
(big smile, sweating) Surprise.
Wheeling a small carry-on suitcase, Aunt Emma smiles at a CUSTOMS AGENT, who waves her through.
She laughs with Saurel.
Jord, do I have a surprise for * you.
I'd been saving these for a special occasion, like a birthday or celebrating our money being out of the country.
It was celebration time.
Salut'.
Excited, they each pop a lude, toast with hot sake'... Bored, Jordan and Donnie sit on the couch watching "Family Matters" on TV.
It was an absolute miracle I wasn't killed, and an even bigger miracle I hadn't killed anyone.
Christ, you're lucky to be alive much less not in jail.
That's what all lucky people say.
Sail into the sunset with your wife and kids while you can.
Thank you for that and for your years of incredible loyalty and admiration.
A smattering of applause.
See, the very idea of Stratton is that when you come here and step into this bullpen for the first time, you start your life anew.
He raises his hand for quiet.
Now when most of you met Kimmie, you met her the way she is today -- a beautiful woman who drives a brand new Mercedes, a woman who lives in the finest condo complex on Long Island.
A woman who wears $3000 Armani suits, who spends her winters in the Bahamas and her summers in the Hamptons!
Wild applause.
But that's not the Kimmie I met.
* Well, that's fine.
Off to the side, Jordan watches as Naomi, their Friends, and the yacht's Crew Members dance to blaring techno music.
A small group of Italian SAILORS cheer them on.
The nice thing about getting rescued by Italians is that the first thing they do is feed you and make you drink red wine.
Then they make you dance.
Jordan watches as the dancing continues, then casually glances out a porthole, where WE SEE the distant lights of a PLANE making its way across the night sky.
* Dinner's ready.
* I gotta finish these balance * sheets, babe.
* What's the single most important * skill in life you can ever master?
* At the essence of every personal interaction, of every business transaction, of every effective human communication is PERSUASION... once you learn to control the linguistic encounter, you will be SHOCKED at what will happen... you are a person worth listening to, and taking it one step higher than that, you are someone who can help them achieve their goals... 215B JORDAN ON THE GROUNDS OF HIS ESTATE, addressing us.
My name is Jordan Belfort and there's no secret to wealth creation.
When I was 24 years old, I made a DECISION not to just survive but to THRIVE.
215C-G A SNAPSHOT OF JORDAN'S CHILDHOOD HOME, then OF HIS 215C-G CURRENT ESTATE, FOLLOWED BY EXAMPLES OF WEALTH: his sportscars, Naomi in a bikini, stock footage of a jet... From these humble middle-class beginnings, I now live here...with my beautiful wife and kids...living the lifestyle of our dreams... 215H THE SEMINAR.
215H Now I'm passing along the secrets to my success in my 90-minute free seminar, "Jordan Belfort's Straight Line Persuasion." 215J FIRST TESTIMONIAL.
* (to Naomi) * Thank You Sweet Heart.
215L Thanks to the Straight Line System, we could afford this home and now we're living the lives of our dreams.
I love you, Nay.
I love you so * much.
I've loved you from the * first time I saw you.
Cum for me, baby.
Listen Jordan.
You'll be lucky if * you ever see them again.
Help me!
Whatever you need, bro.
My brother.
He looks like he was designed by scientists.
That Trans-Am was fun to drive.
I bought those earrings for my mother on her birthday.
You're making fun of my family.
You guys better get out of here.
Dignan, calm down.
(smiles) Hi.
Shine the light over here.
It's only fair that... Here's mine right here.
(looks at Dignan's shoes) Dignan, those aren't running shoes.
You've never had a pair of fast shoes in your life, Dignan.
Bob? Anthony won.
It's a great shirt.
Well, the marijuana crop is a good start.
Give me the keys, Dignan.
You're a good person.
But right now you're not using your best judgement.
You've got a beautiful walk, Bob.
We're making banana daqueris.
(passionate) God, yes.
I promise you.
We're a lot better off without him.
Well, I didn't do it, did I?
Well, the world is a little bit colder today.
I'm going to swim.
Hello, my friend.
(smiling) You a good pool player.
Where's your friend?
Give it to me.
Everybody laughing.
Why were you drawing the Holy Mary?
Well, because you guys don't look alike.
You'll meet him this afternoon.
Good to see you.
Good to see you Applejack.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Nice shot.
How did I become a success?
Easy, Dignan.
You had your brother.
(smiles) What the fuck are we doing out here?
(looks at others at table) This boy's a troublemaker.
Your brother was up here the other day.
(smiling) So what's shaking?
Fine, thanks.
You were on a secret mission.
Pleasure to meet you, John.
(hesitantly) Nice to meet you.
Good friends with Mr. Henry.
(smiling) I might have to have another one of these.
Thanks for coming.
Have a nice flight.
Are you his friend?
(to George) You've been good this week.
Listen to music?
Masturbate together?
Designed and built the coolest houses I've ever seen.
Why aren't you coming in for the weekend?
Take him for the summer, okay?
Make him smile.
You love your job.
Good.
I was hoping for that.
Computer models can't begin to match the beauty you gave yours.
They inspire me.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good for you.
Thank you for at least sounding sincere.
Sounding?
Trust me.
The whole summer, man.
Hey, it beats letting town folk go down on you for the summer.
I'm living here while I build another house.
Are these clean?
Make the bed for me, would you?
Her leg hair.
Sam! Ready?
I think you'll have fun this summer.
He's not spending the summer in Tahoe.
He jumped into the ocean.
My parents were down for his sixth birthday!
She's out with a friend.
Thanks for the shower.
Thank you.
I'm surprised he hasn't left.
Good morning.
Oh, yes.
A friend of yours is here.
No! Oh my God!
I want you to be happy.
Build this house with me.
Hand me a towel.
Hand me a towel.
No, I'm...thanks.
Help.
You're a good mother.
I'm his brother.
I'm his friend.
Mom says we can build a house.
Good morning.
You're so nice to let Sam use your shower.
Tell him how you made me fall in love with you.
I smiled at him.
Watch out for the smile, boys.
Who's up for a dance?
When did you fall in love with my dad?
But then she met Peter and skipped the idea of renting.
I'd be in Tahoe having fun if you had given up.
I love you!
I'd love to drive through New England in the Fall.
Good.
We haven't been away together for three years.
No, I'm fine.
Do I still love you?
There's not a doubt in my mind that through all my anger...my ego, I was faithful in my love for you.
And all that does, the only thing, is remind us that love isn't enough.
I always felt I could never marry you without first showing you what a fabulous life you cloud live despite me.
You live a fabulous life, Robin.
You're a good girl.
When you dated my mom, I saw you kiss her once.
Thanks for your time.
Mom? Here, honey!
I couldn't sleep last night.
At Christmas, we'll pact it so full of lights, we'll make God wear sunglasses.
I better get the kids home.
Looks good to me.
That was too easy.
I really did do it right.
Comfort doesn't mean that much when just getting through the night is the goal, Mom.
If he tricked me into loving him, is what I meant.
And he said he loved me!
I've never heard you so excited about anything.
I feel in love with George again.
I love red!
It's so beautiful.
I built myself a life.
I built myself a house.
He changed my life and the life of a little girl forever with that mistake.
Well, then, you're a lucky girl, cause that baby's gone to be your family.
That is a lovely thing to say.
Sir, with all due respect.... Just a moment.
Ask me then... Thank you, that's not responsive.
Which you have in your Course Study Guide.
If you will turn to your course syllabus, Page.... ....a lovely perfume... Glad you like it.
To complete our tour, and.... Oh, and to complete your Course of .. Your girl's a menace.
I'm grateful for this opportunity to set you straight.
Big man, man... Fair fight, the good Big Man's gonna win.
Is it that new file they gave you?
What's that, Baby?
Hey, I'm fine.
Because, baby, you're looking to find love in an institution, that's your only chance.... Yeah, but who would marry friendless Howabout you, Romeo...? Hey, lost again.
His feelings do him honor.
And I have come, simply, to pay my to the great Clarice Starling...
The great and Is it necessary to say of the sea that it is salt, that the stars are far, that... No,I get it, this is my gents my Italian Knight.
Thank you.
...what a lovely perfume.
You tol me you wuunt ask me again til I'm ready.... You're ready now.
Well, you wanna shoot big How is that.... Special Agent Clarice Starling, to see Mason Verger.
He's glad to help.
And what will make it better?
Love.
Mr. Verger, thank you for your time.
I have not, I would (WHEEZE) life goes on Starling.
Before "The Change," Mr. Verger was... he made quite a study.
Verger would be pleased to make a contribution, to the charitable... Tell him to give it to an orphanage.
For approval.
You admired that man.
Wherever he is, that's fine with They... Yeah, I know.
Their family owns... Well, let's him... ...buya lot of pasta for your wife.
A reward for what?
You spend the afternoon in Bed?
First things first.
That's why my wife adores me.
What if he came upon a note in, the Capponi Library, this great Italian Institution, which he now graces us with his bid to Direct, a note from Guido de Cavalcanti.
I believe it's worth your time: Listen to the way he makes an instrument of the Italian vernacular, which he called the the eloquent voice of the people: Allegro me sembrava amor tenedo/Meo core in mano, e ne la braccia avea/Madonna involta in un drappa dormedo/Poi la svegliava a d'esto ardeno/Lei paventosa umilmente pascea/Appreso gir lo ne vedea paingendo.
He lived in a garret.
His work was his life, he... ...his family has offered a large reward.
And I, for one, wish you the best.
And you have a new wedding ring on yours?
A lovely story.
From a life of typing.
I would say it is a scent of the New World.
To your New Wife...
It is the one great mystery, is it not?
Ah, Barney: you've got a good mernory.
Would you agree, for the record, that I have not been read my rights?
Then why did you chose to me of it...? To in my ability to might deem an is greater than Oh yeah?
It's a growth business.
I was privileged to enjoy his company during that time.
As the Soul of Man.
Or light and sweet, as the world- view of the self-delusive.
Materials which disappeared from Dr. Lechter's cell, drawings he made, his Yes?
Oh, yes.
And have found Peace..? What'll you do with the bird...? Pluck it, and eat it.
It was so good to see you.. How you doin?
I met a man, and His Troubles Were Greater Than Mine... "...and age-appropriate large and small motor skills.
With Mama and Shirley and Stringbean.
And Mama... and Mama, is not your real Mama, is she Franklin?
With Mama and Shirly and Kittykat.
Seen what, sir..? The puppy comes back.
The Puppy with return.
PAZZI (cont'd) Mrs. Demetrio, how good to you... MRS.
...my love... ...they asked us to dinner.
Darling, Dr. Fell.
Enchante.
And I find that birth is one of the few things in life which study and a pleasant attitude can not amend.
A wonderful country...
I have had many excellent meals there.
What a pleasure.
VERGER (cont'd) Good morning, Gentlemen.
I'm fine, how are you...? ...to, to... to be of my... my emotions.
On his left hand.
Okay, Happiness is a Green Light.
Give it up!
Come to me, Baby! ...give her a place to go... give her a place to go.... Come on Evelda.
Please.
Well, it's the Give it up, Evelda.
Your reputation does you honor.
Then, she, knowledge of the Greater World...How pleased am I to see you looking so well... FELL (cont'd) Commendatore, your wife tells me you are taking her away on Vacation.
How wonderful of you, to hold that information in your mind... ...how so? ...you told me you were studying for your examination by the And how good of to remember it.
Then, this trip, then, is not a return to No, this is And what was the trip That, that was Business.
How much better.
To travel for the Pure Enjoyment of the thing, of the variety of the world....yes... Just to Get Away.
I'm surprised they can spare you, in the midst of your investigation. of the disappearance of my Take me home and make love to me... Time to get something to eat... Yes, quite...
The kidney and the liver would be su1table for a dinner should hang for a week, in these cool conditions.
Thank you.
Tell me the good news.
Good.
Do not let up on our Angel Starling.
Use your toys--A transmitter in her in your come back for the wounded bird.
But she's And it's important, as I'm sure she's said, to Eat New Things!
You got a lot of people love you, Starling.
Have courage, and tell me.
No, we know that you're awake... Good evening, Dr. Lechter.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you, Cordell.
...but will that satisfy you?
No, I think he proffers to spend his happy hours with his playmates.
You'd me, to, to, to, "release" you...? I can make you rich.
Oh yes.
Oh, yes, come here... Come they'll be time enough for VERGER (cont'd} Yes.
On the ground, on the Good morning, Clarice.
The Greatest crime.
And what would be of Greater Help, than to release her, from the bonds of this sordid earthly existence.
You look lovely.
Thank you.
What is that that smells so wonderful.
Baby, that's the beginning of wisdom.
Everyone was terrific!
(he smiles at everyone) This is the big moment...! What does that old queen know?
He's got some nice things to say... (he scans the review) See, "The soldier costumes are very realistic."
God, where's my pink sweater?
They need a potted palm over in the Carl Laemmle Building.
This is fantastic!
(getting inspired) See, the story opens with these mysterious explosions.
Thank you.
Boy, Mr. Lugosi, you must lead such an exciting life.
But you're a big star!
You want to "score" with a young lady, you take her to see "Dracula."
I've got the most incredible news!
I met a movie star!
The biggest moneymaker you've ever had! Fine, maybe you're right.
Alright, fine!
Thank you!
Bless you, Mr. Weiss!
You're so good at organizing.
Eddie, you got a new movie for me?! Yeah, it's gonna be a great picture!
You'll love your character!
You're like the God that looks down on all the characters, and oversees everything.
You pull the strings -- (he suddenly gets a look) "Pull the strings"... hey, that's pretty good!
I've got a little surprise for you... (he smiles nervously) I finished my script.
Ed, I'm so proud!
It's good to have a job.
Trust me, you'll be better off.
He's crazy about this girl but he likes to wear dresses.
Fine, shoot whatever baloney you want!
I give up.
Puppy dog tails!
Beware!" Brilliant.
You've surrounded yourself with Say it a little louder.
Music swells... and CUT and PRINT IT!
So did you like it?
Trust me.
But I'm proud.
A great show!
A little strange... but great -- especially my scenes.
You're movie stars.
From today on, our lives are different!
We'll be swimming laps in the same pool Jean Harlow did.
People love westerns.
Romance, that's great!
I'm getting my first series of hormone shots!
RING ANNOUNCER (amplified) Now entering the ring, in the gold trunks, 350 bone-crunching pounds of pure strength, the "Swedish Angel"... Tor Johnson!!! My God, look at that guy.
(in a hoarse SWEDISH ACCENT) Da pleasure be mine.
(he CHUCKLES) Mm, not good-lookink enough.
With hair, yah.
Ed smiles.
So anyway, I've got this new script, "Bride Of The Atom," and there's a part you're ideal for: "Lobo."
But he has a heart -- and at the end he saves the girl.
(he laughs merrily) I like.
The movie is called "Bride Of The Atom"... ...It will star Bela Lugosi.
He's still alive.
Audience laughs.
Applause.
"Say, that's a funny place to sleep."
I go more for ones with love stories.
It's about a young reporter, Janet Lawton, in love with a young cop, Dick Craig.
(proud of his size) Biceps 22! Chest 62! Stomach 54! Whew! You're quite a specimen.
This is one of the most exciting moments of my life.
Thank you.
And this is lovely starlet Dolores Fuller, who will play Janet Lawton.
(faking a big smile, but SOTTO VOCE to Bela) We didn't make a dime.
(dour) Yeah...? Well my cousin Fred met this dame from back East.
Pleased to meet you.
Hollywood is oh so exciting.
(she smiles) How much do one of your motion pictures cost?
(stopping at a page) Oh, here's one that looks good: Janet Lawton.
Can't you just see me in that part?? Uh... yeah... (beat) You'd be perfect.
This is gonna be Bela's laboratory, so it should be real impressive!
"I'll teach you to disobey me!" And, CUT!!! Impeccable!
I love being movie star!
Well then you should pay him, shouldn't you? (he smiles) Yeah.
Bela Lugosi portrays Dr. Vornoff, and lovely ingenue Loretta King is reporter Janet Lawton.
She's at a different party.
We have the wisdom to govern and the divine right to inherit the earth in good condition.
We have the power to build worlds.
Hey, the movie's getting made .
You both look fine.
LORETTA (as Janet Lawton) "Thanks."
(he smiles) Cris, you made it.
My pleasure.
But this'll be great, I promise!
I'm good at bashink!! Hey, keep it down.
Guillotines, Wow.
What are you doing?! Thank God Tor broke the fence.
Thanks, buddy... a foot of water .
This is looking good!
Once you're in it, it warms up.
I'm so happy you visit.
Meet my family!
This strudel is delicious, Mama.
Look at me -- I'm da happiest guy I know!
I'd be happy too, if I had such a great family.
You came to my party.
I directed "Bride Of The Atom"! Oh.
So how 'bout Friday?
It'll be wonderful.
We'll be at peace.
Congratulations.
(she smiles) Hi, Ed.
(he smiles feebly) When I get out of here, I will be healthy.
He's better.
Thank you for asking.
No, you look good.
And the tests came back fine.
This is so exciting.
Thank God, you're here!
Hey Vampira, how 'bout a little love?
Eddie, I want to thank you.
These last few days have been a good time.
But I will show the world that I can be its master.
I shall perfect my own race of people... a race of atomic supermen that will conquer the world!"
Boy, that was incredible.
You're just as good an actor as you always were.
Better.
Ed, this spaghetti sauce is delicious.
Thanks.
He look nutink like Bela! He's kinds got his ears.
Tor make good joke! in her slinky black outfit .
I am so happy!
Eddie will be so proud!
Bela lives!
No, he would've loved it!
He's gonna play the young hero.
(he smiles warmly) Ed, visions are worth fighting for.
"Plan Nine" is a good title.
But before it begins, I think we ought to give a hand to the man without whom we wouldn't be here tonight... Eddie, take a bow! Thanks a million.
Ed, I'm so happy for you.
I promise.
A Midwestern burgher, he exudes the status he enjoys as one of the preeminent pillars of this community.
We can talk tonight at the party.
She gives him a sultry smile, turns and glides into a classroom as the BELL RINGS.
The corridor is quickly vacated by all but Jacey -- he savors the aftertaste of Eleanor's smile.
We hear (V.O.) DOUG SINGING bits and pieces of "Heartbreak Hotel" in his best Elvis fashion.
Joan has the practiced poise of a former beauty queen (as if her smile had been surgically sewn onto her face).
Ladies and Gentlemen -- I'd like to propose a toast in honor of our cause for celebration tonight -- the engagement of our daughter, Alice, to Mister Peter Vanlaningham.
He and his bride-to-be smile and acknowledge the applause and AD-LIBBED toasts.
The party is going full swing as Doug wanders out of the tent and walks down the driveway.
The sounds of the PARTY can be heard in the b.g.
Jacey stands in the shadows of the shrubbery spying on them with pure heartache.
Lloyd Abbott pulls his (1957) Cadillac up to the pumps.
That was a nice party last night.
That's the secret ingredient.
There's a lot of methane in my family.
Go have a root beer at the Dog'n'Suds.
Root beer?
Yeah, real smart, that's why I'm baby-sitting and she's out having fun.
So like which is it?
He kisses her again with greater fervor.
Pam is shocked by the pleasure of the sensation, then alarmed by the pace of their passion.
Doug... Doug kisses her again and as they kiss he stares at a framed photograph of Eleanor amongst an assortment of family photos on the long table behind the sofa.
Pamela pulls her lips from his: Do you love me, Doug?
Accidentally brushing your teeth with Brylcreme is a funny story.
As they pass him Eleanor smiles brightly and says: Hi, Doug! INVENTING THE ABBOTTS - Rev. 2/16/96 31.
The girls giggle, "Hi, Doug!" has become a running punchline to them.
Doug is so undone by their laughter that he walks into an open door.
Her "tranquility" is not borne of happiness, it is only a means of coping with the sadness that is at the core of her being.
Doug walks home from summer school.
(laughs) Why do you do things like that?
Happy birthday.
Please.
Doug pulls the Plymouth up to the pumps.
(frowns) Nice tie.
The party is well underway, it's a younger crowd tonight.
As he looks over the gathering, he's pained to discover how easy it is to see things the way Jacey does: Lloyd holding court with a group of men in tuxedos... Joan Abbott propelling a reluctant Alice towards a group of guests Alice's age (Alice and Peter have separated)... and, finally, Pamela dancing with a handsome young man (TED).
She smiles as she sees Doug, excuses herself, and comes over to him.
Having fun? Yes, I am.
Jacey smiles, puts his paddle down, and walks out of the garage.
She observes Doug as he watches Pam and her friends drive off.
No, go out -- play bridge or whatever adults do for fun.
I read for fun.
Did Dad kiss you? (gives Doug a "look") No. (slight beat) I kissed him.
The commencement exercises are being held in the sweltering gym to accommodate the large crowd of proud parents and family members.
Congratulations, Helen.
Thank you.
Congratulations to you, too.
Congratulations.
Thank you, Lloyd.
Helen and Doug are eating their desserts -- Jacey is content to brood over his cup of coffee.
That's worth a free meal.
Charlie'd be real proud of these two highbrows.
He'd be extremely proud.
What a wonderful night.
Bring Susan, kids love picnics.
Do you have time for an ice tea?
Come to the picnic on Sunday and I'll wait here and let you leave first, so your mother won't see me.
As the Abbott women walk down the sidewalk (away from the diner), Alice glances back and sees Jacey smiling at her from the diner window.
Pamela sits behind the wheel of her convertible listening to PAT BOONE sing "April Love" on the car RADIO.
Pamela climbs out and inspects his progress.
What makes you think you're so... cool?
Life is not a cafeteria?
Jacey lounges on top of a blanket beside a cooler.
Jacey and Alice wander along a path on the riverbank.
But then Pam realizes he is staring at her. Hi.
Pamela takes his hand, gently unfolds it, and with her index finger she writes on his palm, "I love you."
Doug leans over and kisses her, sweetly and tenderly, and for a long time.
The movie has already begun.
She turns her lips to his and they kiss passionately.
Jacey slides his hand under her skirt.
I'm not tired of kissing.
No, but touching is nice.
You can kiss me.
My brother.
I love her, Mother.
I'm going to marry her.
She loves me.
Has she agreed to marry you?
I can't be a party to that, Jacey.
If you cross Joan you don't get invited to her parties -- and the Abbotts have the best parties in town.
Jacey is hosting a party.
You're welcome.
You have a boyfriend, right?
They pulled a bed-check the night I was here.
Jacey sits in his favorite armchair reading the Sunday newspaper.
He opens the door and finds Pamela standing there with her coat in her hand.
I told you not to come by on Sundays.
She was drinking and I... it was easy.
Have a beer.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas.
It's nice to see you smiling.
I'll tell you a secret.
I did have a friend.
He was a wonderful man.
Because I'm in love with... your father.
Oh, I don't know... there's different kinds of love, darling.
Other people you love if the situation is right.
Let's finish up.
She smiles at him.
Tell Pam I love her.
That'd make Charlie laugh.
Your old man was my best friend.
Charlie Holt was the only one good enough for Helen.
It's time for Susie's birthday cake.
I loved her.
You always loved me no matter what I did, right?
Maybe that's how I love you -- no matter what.
It belonged to a man I met in a half-remembered dream... MOVE IN on the GRACEFULLY SPINNING TOP...
It's stained and frayed in such distinctive ways...
Which means I'm not lying on my carpet, in my apartment... (smiles) You've lived up to your reputation, Mr. Cobb... I'm still dreaming.
A dream within a dream-I'm impressed.
But in my dream, we really ought to be playing by my rules... Ah, yes, but you see, Mr. Saito- We're not in your dream- We're in mine.
CHILDREN'S VOICES (over phone) Good.
Mommy's gone.
So I offer you the satisfaction.
Is it safe for you to be here?
You're here to corrupt one of my brightest and best.
No, not just money: the chance to build cathedrals, entire cities- things that have never existed, things that couldn't exist in the real world... Everybody dreams, Cobb.
You said that if I mastered the dream-share I'd have a whole new way of creating and showing people my creations.
Please.
But I need an architect who's as good as I was.
Pleased to meet you.
In a dream your mind continuously does that...
It creates and perceives a world simultaneously.
So well that you don't feel your brain doing the creating.
You build the world of the dream.
(quiet) She was lovely.
Heir to the Fischer Morrow energy conglomerate.
The seed of the idea we plant will grow in this man's mind.
Fischer senior's right- hand man.
Better.
Great depth.
A dream within a dream?
That many dreams within dreams would be too unstable.
Thank you.
A dream within a dream within a dream?
I forge each emotional concept in the style and manner of Peter Browning, a key figure in Fischer's emotional life.
We don't bring our own projections into the dream-we let Fischer's subconscious supply the people.
Saito, when do I get to see Browning?
The sicker Maurice Fischer becomes, the stronger Peter Browning becomes... I've had time to learn Browning's physical presence and mannerisms... Now, in the dream, I can impersonate Browning and suggest the concepts to Fischer's conscious mind... (draws a diagram) Then we take Fischer down another level and his own subconscious feeds it right back to him.
(impressed) So he gives himself the idea.
Besides, we need a good ten hours.
(to Ariadne) Nice lobby, by the way.
For sleep stable enough to create three layers of dreaming...
You said you had a dream...
That we'd grow old together.
Is it so important to dream?
You're keeping her alive.
I thought about calling out, so they'd turn and smile those incredible smiles... but I'm out of time- Right now.
We spent our anniversaries in this suite.
you PROMISED!
Well, thank you.
Thanks.
(they drink) I'll leave you in peace.
Ha bloody ha.
Great.
I trusted him.
You trusted him?
Well, I don't.
We have it on good authority that you do.
Good authority.
He loved you, Robert.
But she loved me too much to go without me.
For our anniversary... Join me.
I love you, Dom.
Maurice always said it was his most previous gift... a will.
We're worth much more to you alive... (excited) His relationship with his father's much worse that we thought.
The stronger the issues, the more powerful the catharsis.
Strange way to make friends.
Trust me.
I designed the place.
I'll be listening in, covering you.
We built for years.
No. Come on- We both wanted a house, but we both loved skyscrapers.
(laughs) Up above?
A world where we were gods.
You promised me.
You said you dreamt that we'd grow old together.
Not possible-he and I were young men together.
That this world is not real.
You came to convince me to honor our arrangement?
Come back and we'll be young men together again.
Isn't she part of your life?
Jesus, they certainly don't give you very good protection, do they?
Thanks.
Thanks.
Enjoy your lunch, gentlemen.
(writing) To Dolores, who sensed greatness.
(reading it) Thanks, Mr. Pupkin.
I'd be grateful, Rube.
It's a picture of the two of them, facing each other and smiling.
Oh, Jerry, you sneaky ... Looks good, Eddie.
But first, a toast.
To you, Rube and your success.
He claps his hands together a few times for joy and dashes into the street to hail a cab.
A floodlight shines on a single setting at the end of a long dinner table.
LANGFORD begins poking at the fish with his fork.
(smiling reluctantly) What's so funny?
Night after night after night, right?
I'm in the mood to celebrate tonight.
But this is the biggest night of my life.
He's a good friend of mine.
It's been really nice seeing you, Rupert.
Listen to me for a second.
(to PUPKIN) Look, friend.
I'm trying to have a nice civilized conversation with the young lady.
Okay, buddy, here we go.
And you don't get the world's greatest tippers in there either.
She wasn't a great actress but she had a real gift for comedy.
Rupert Pupkin, the new King of Comedy.
That's coast to coast, national TV, a bigger audience than the greatest comedians used to play to in a lifetime.
That's when we really start a beach house in Malibu, right on the ocean.
How does that sound to you?
It sounds wonderful, Rupert, and I really hope you get what you want.
As the YOUNG MAN talks, RITA is staring at a woman's shoe lying underneath a small table that holds a lamp.
It's good for you.
PUPKIN stands there, smiling politely at the RECEPTIONIST who returns a professional smile.
Can I help you?
Oh, yes.
Well, right now I'm developing new material.
Good.
Great.
I can see that'd be a lot easier for Jerry.
Thanks again.
(to the RECEPTIONIST) Thanks.
(eagerly) Is that what you do?
Great.
(smiling) A girl, Rube?
I'd love to meet her.
It is a bright morning.
WE FOLLOW LANGFORD as he walks.
Can I help you?
We listened to it with great interest.
And, frankly, Mr. Pupkin, we saw a lot of good things in what you're doing.
We feel you have good potential.
(smiling) Thanks.
PUPKIN glances at her and walks right in to the inner corridors.
Start looking for a new job!
She looks skeptical, with a wry smile on her face.
She shrugs, smiles and says yes.
He comes walking out the door, his hounded expression softened by a smile.
WE WATCH PUPKIN getting fitted in a new suit, attended by a SALESMAN and a TAILOR.
WE WATCH PUPKIN perusing the beautiful diamond, sapphire, and emerald rings and we take a few moments to PAN OVER these beautiful jewels as he sees them.
Finally, he picks out a splendid ring with a single, middle-sized sapphire and hands a surprised SALESLADY the money in cash.
Since it is Saturday morning, the train is sparsely populated.
I'm sure they'll be thrilled hearing about the wonderful world of draft beer.
What do these people do for fun?
Yeah, a cocktail party with no drinks.
Everything's going to be fine.
We circle around to the back where LANGFORD, a handful of his FRIENDS (which can be familiar television celebrities) and PUPKIN and RITA are just finishing a lavish lunch on the patio.
A pair of SERVANTS are clearing the table and serving the coffee and desert as the scene unfolds.
As we arrive, we hear a loud burst of laughter.
(a little laughter from the COMPANY) (to SERVANT) Thanks.
And this is his morning show.
The COOK stands, looking at him.
Let's get a little life into this place.
This is more like it.
I came up here for a good time.
PUPKIN gives in and starts dancing with her in the style of the 1950's, elbow out, arm up, box step.
He has reached a moment of perfect bliss, his dream girl in is arms.
They dance silently as we hear Sinatra singing.
Oh I danced with you a couple of times -- at the Sigma U party.
Finally, PUPKIN opens the door to another room.
I love it!
Let me have a little fun, for Christ's sake.
It's nicer than my whole apartment.
PUPKIN and RITA stand there, staring at each other.
RITA begins to laugh, but her laugh is cut short by the slam of the downstairs door.
They walk down the path silently for a few moments as the CAMERA PULLS UP, following them in an OVERHEAD SHOT.
Keep going.
PUPKIN follows.
LANGFORD follows MARSHA into a brownstone.
LANGFORD stares at MARSHA and PUPKIN.
My word's good enough, isn't it.
That's fine, Inspector, but let's say he finishes his bit and you've worked him over ... him, Mr. Thomas.
There is light laughter.
WE SEE PUPKIN in his new suit and ruffled shirt, impeccably groomed, standing next to the bed.
(pause) Bite ... Good.
Have a good time.
(her voice grows tense) Yes, Mr. King.
(gesturing to the book) That's Orson Bean.
MARSHA has finished a half bottle of wine.
This is the best I ever made it.
Everyone is in his place.
The theme song is playing.
It's the Jerry Langford Show with guest host Tony Randall and his special guests -- Olympic swimmer Mark Spitz, pundit Gore Vidal, the one and only Zsa Zsa Gabor and another of Jerry's taped exclusives, an interview with Prince Ranier of Monaco.
And now ... say hello to Tony!!!!!! Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
But I think tonight, after you've met my first guest, you'll agree with me that he's destined for greatness -- in one way or another.
So will you please give your warmest greeting to the newest King of Comedy, Rupert Pupkin!!!! for what seems like an eternity.
Oh, baby.
Baby.
Don't be afraid of Marsha, baby.
The PLAINCLOTHESMEN laugh reluctantly.
PUPKIN on TV But I figured it this way: better to be King for a Night than Schmuck for a Lifetime.
(audience and CUSTOMERS laugh) Good night, ladies and gentlemen, and God bless you.
The television audience applauds and the CUSTOMERS applaud and cheer in good humor except for the MOUSY MAN.
Don't spoil the party.
WE CLOSE IN on PUPKIN, smiling.
The Jerry Langford Show, starring Jerry's special guest, out on bail, Rupert Pupkin, the kidnapping King of Comedy!!!!
As they roll, the music to the Langford Show continues and WE WATCH a MONTAGE that shows PUPKIN progressively taping LANGFORD to the back of a brass bedstead on stage as the two of them talk and laugh.
By the end of the MONTAGE, LANGFORD is once again mummified and PUPKIN, having finished, bows and smiles.
Well I got news for you, buddy.
Buddy?
Relax, these train tracks ain't been used in years!
This is gonna be good!
This ain't gonna be good.
Boy, this was the best day ever!
This new dent!
Y'all go on and have fun now.
See ya soon, amigo!
I can't tell you how good it is to be here alone.
Finally, you and me --- Good evening.
That's funny right there.
Now, can I start you two lovebirds off with a couple drinks?
His story gripped the world!
And to show the world what his new superfuel can do, he's created a racing competition like no other, inviting the greatest champions from around the globe to battle in the first ever World Grand Prix.
Welcome Sir Miles Axlerod.
Now listen to me: Big Oil.
Trust me, Mel, after seeing Allinol in action at the World Grand Prix, nobody will ever go back to gasoline again.
And on satellite, a World Grand Prix competitor and one of the fastest cars in the world, Francesco Bernoulli.
It is an honor, Signore Dorado.
Let's go to Radiator Springs.
He's the bestest race car in the whole wide world.
You done good!
Mater, listen.
Nice to meet you, Francesco.
Yeah, nice to meet you too.
Not as good as I thought, but you're good.
Hey, she has good taste.
I already dedicated MY win tomorrow to her.
Free?
Ladies and gentlecars... Sir Miles Axlerod!
He'll signal you when he's ready.
Time is of the essence, Shiftwell.
A little advice: When you hear her giggle and see that waterfall, you best press that green button.
Thank you.
(driving off, to himself) Look out, ladies.
Hey! Hey lady!
See ya tomorrow!
Hey, what's so funny?
I hear this stuff is good for you.
Allinol by itself is good for you.
One of the best I've seen, too.
Nice call, Mater.
Man, McQueen looks happier than a rollbar at a demolition derby!
You're that girl from the party last night.
Get out now! Well, all right but I usually like to have a proper detailing done before I meet a lady friend.
Hey, new lady friend?
You're doing brilliantly.
Whatever you do, don't stop.
Thanks, old boy!
That's a no-quit attitude right there.
Your best friend, Mater."
P.P.S... That's funny right there -- (to the others) There's a few more pages of P.S.'s here.
Now that's how I like to start the day!
Thank you.
Well done, Mater!
He's my best customer, but he always does his business over the phone.
But they're having a secret meeting in two days.
Your chances are more than good.
Holley, contact Stephenson and have him meet us at Gare de Lyon.
Good work.
Thank you.
Thank you, Finn.
No friends of mine will stay in a hotel in my village.
These are the same ingredients as back home, but it tastes so good.
Tree hugger.
While Mama cooks, come and take a stroll with me.
I brought my friend Mater along on the trip.
I come by each one of them with my best friend Lightning McQueen.
You are looking live at beautiful Porto Corsa, Italy, on the Italian Riviera.
What a magnificent setting for the second race of the World Grand Prix.
Well Brent, they call this place "The Gem of the Riviera," and it's easy to see why.
From the ultra-rich and super- famous, to world leaders and important dignitaries.
Welcome everyone to the second race of the World Grand Prix!
Well, he better.
Francesco Bernoulli grew up racing on this course.
Thank you for your support.
Oh, great.
If one of you would help I would be so thankful.
Get ready, Mater.
That's how everyone sees you.
Brilliant.
They laughed at us.
But now it's our turn to laugh back.
Embrace your inner lemon!
And we, the owners of the world's largest untapped oil reserve, will become the most powerful cars in the world!
And they will finally respect us.
Shh, quiet!
A toast!
Isn't this a great party, Ivan?
That's good enough for me.
Allinol must be finished for good.
In England you'll be finished.
That's how everyone sees you.
You done good!
Now that's a scoop of ice cream!
You're making a scene!
Listen, this isn't Radiator Springs.
Mater, I was complimenting you on what a good spy you are.
You were right, Finn.
Good, you're up!
He's still alive?
Listen, I --- And I probably shouldn't be saying this at all but...
Mater, listen to me.
I know I made you feel that way before, but none of that matters because we're best friends!
But I'll tell you what, he's gotta be the world's best backwards driver.
You read my mind.
(to the Lemons) Fellers, listen.
Who's winning the race?
Mater, I don't know what you're doing but stand down now! (aside, to McQueen) This ain't nothing at all like Radiator Springs.
The same bolts that hold together that old British engine from the photograph.
But Sir Axlerod created the race, Mater.
Mater, he created Allinol.
Have a nice day, Sir Axlerod.
Tow Mater of Radiator Springs.
By the way, have y'all met each other?
McQueen, Queen.
It's so nice to see you again.
Is good, McQueen.
It was funnier when I did it, but it's very funny.
That's why I love you, Sally.
That Francesco is fine- looking.
Go McQueen!! Whoo-hoo!!! Finn, time to go.
Siddeley's gassed, geared and ready to fly.
Well, thanks.
But as much fun as it was hanging with y'all, this...
Whoo-hoo!!! Whoa!!! Thanks, Mater!
I'll see you at the finish line, buddy!
Good evening, Mr. Baxter.
Good evening, Mrs. Lieberman.
Good night, Mrs. Lieberman.
Good night, Mr. Baxter.
I'm a happily married man.
Look, kid -- I put in a good word for you with Sheldrake, in Personnel.
Hiya, Buddy-boy.
Well, that's very nice of you -- but who is this?
That's sweet.
Watch those stingers!
Now put it back, honey.
(hoarsely) Good morning, Mr. Kirkeby.
(studying her) What did you do to your hair?
Oh, yes.
She's the best operator in the building.
Oh, Buddy-boy.
You'd be doing me a great favor -- Well -- it's all right with me, Bud.
Consolidated Life -- I'll connect you -- Consolidated Life -- Sylvia -- it's for you.
Thank you, Mr. Kirkeby.
Now that they're kicking me upstairs -- Couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Thank you.
That's the first thing I ever noticed about you -- when you were still on the local elevator -- you always wore a flower -- Good luck.
That's right, Baxter.
Just those four -- out of a total of 31,259 -- so actually, we can be very proud of our personnel -- percentage-wise.
It's that cold -- Relax, Baxter.
Thank you, sir.
Have a nice time.
(casually) Good night.
Great.
Look -- have you seen The Music Man? No. Would you like to? Sure.
(looks at her watch) Well -- I could meet you at the theatre -- if that's all right.
That's wonderful!
Sounds good.
(a wistful smile) Good evening, Mr. Sheldrake.
Nice see you again.
Thank you.
(dipping shrimp) -- same sauce -- sweet and sour.
You don't know what it's like -- standing next to you in that elevator, day after day -- Good morning, Miss Kubelik -- Good night, Mr. Sheldrake -- I'm still crazy about you, Fran.
Look, Jeff -- we had two wonderful months this summer -- and that was it.
I saw my lawyer this morning -- I wanted his advice -- about the best way to handle it -- Handle what?
Fran -- (pulling her hand away gently) Jeff -- darling -- It is crowding up.
Hi, Buddy-boy.
Baxter, we're a little disappointed in you -- gratitude-wise.
Good morning, Mr. Sheldrake.
Morning, gentlemen.
Oh, yes, sir.
And I want to thank you -- Don't thank me -- thank your friends here -- they're the ones who recommended you.
Oh, yes.
Thanks.
Consolidated Life -- Merry Christmas -- I'll connect you -- Consolidated Life -- Merry Christmas -- I'm ringing -- (into mouthpiece) Yeah? -- YEAH? -- Where? -- You bet -- Somebody watch my line -- there's a swinging party up on the nineteenth floor -- (to a colleague) -- so I said to him: Never again!
(holding out one of the drinks) Marry Christmas.
Thank you.
Well -- thank you.
Always happy to do something for our girls in uniform.
Much better.
He and I are like this.
(studying the card ruefully) Makes a cute picture.
Have a nice Christmas.
Where you going, Buddy-boy?
(to herself) 'Twas the night before Christmas And all through the house Not a creature was stirring -- Nothing -- No action -- Dullsville! (drinks; to Bud) You married?
The Happy Idiot -- a million laughs.
He's so cute -- five-foot-two -- ninety-nine pounds...like a little chihuahua.
Well, they haven't got me yet, baby.
I'm with you, lover.
Hey, Doc! (words tumbling over each other) There's a girl in my place -- she took some sleeping pills -- you better come quick -- I can't wake her up.
Hey -- over here, lover.
Not so rough, honey.
(taking the glass out of her hand) Good night.
Good night?
Help me, will you?
Nice veins.
If you'd come home half an hour later, you would have had quite a Christmas present.
Get the coffee.
(indicating coffee) Mind if I cool this off?
Help yourself.
(taking a big gulp of the spiked coffee) I don't know what you did to that girl in there -- and don't tell me -- but it was bound to happen, the way you carry on.
So you got off easy this time -- so you were lucky -- Yeah, wasn't I? (finishing coffee) But you're not out of the woods yet, Baxter -- because most of them try it again!
(a nice recovery) One of our employees had an accident -- I don't know why they bother me with these things on Christmas Day.
What you need is a good horse-whipping.
The best thing for dizzy is a little noodle soup with chicken -- white meat -- and a glass tea.
Thank you.
Eat! Enjoy!
Well, I have some paper towels -- Beatnik! Go to my kitchen -- third drawer, under the good silver, there is napkins.
So what are you waiting for -- a singing commercial?
You listen to me, you find yourself a nice, substantial man -- a widower maybe -- and settle down -- instead of nashing all those sleeping pills -- for what, for whom?
Had an early dinner at the automat, then went to the zoo, then I came home and cleaned up after Mr. Eichelberger -- he had a little eggnog party here.
I'm way ahead this year.
Give what up?
I've been jinxed from the word go -- first time I was ever kissed was in a cemetery.
You better win a hand -- you're on a blitz.
Oh, yes.
Say, why don't we have ourselves a party -- the four of us?
No! (grinning smugly) Well, I don't blame you.
Stay with it, Buddy-boy!
What gives?
It's only one story down -- the best you can do is break a leg.
Well -- that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise.
(ad lib) Good morning, Mr. Sheldrake.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Good.
(sniffs) What's that funny smell?
Thank you.
Here's the fruit cake.
(shows it to her under Christmas tree) And you want to see my knee?
Look, I'm going to cook dinner for us.
We'll have the fruit cake for dessert.
(smiling) Yes, nurse.
Can I help you?
She didn't report this morning.
Thanks.
Buddy-boy and Kubelik having themselves a little toot!
What gripes me is the two of them were guzzling my champagne while Sylvia and I wound up at the Guggenheim Museum.
(scowling) Who is Buddy-boy?
Are we dressing for dinner?
Then one day I saw a footprint in the sand -- and there you were -- (hands her martini) It's a wonderful thing -- dinner for two.
(toasting) Cheers.
Cheers.
All we were going to do is eat and wash the dishes -- (grabbing him) Look, Buddy-boy -- if there wasn't a lady present, I'd clobber you.
Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you.
(nods to himself with satisfaction) The plain fact is, Mr. Sheldrake, that I love her.
(to himself) Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you -- Hi, Buddy-boy.
But thanks to you, I'm in a financial position to marry her -- if I can ever square things with her family.
Mr. Sheldrake, I've got good news for you -- And I've got good news for you, Baxter.
I'm very happy for you.
Good night, Mr. Baxter.
It's New Year's Eve -- relax.
Easy come, easy go.
Happy New Year.
(a faint smile) The nerve.
Happy New Year, Fran.
That's funny -- so am I. (Bud, pouring champagne, looks up at her) What did you do with the cards?
(smiling) Shut up and deal!
To see the brighter side of life!
Where everyone is beautiful And have their hair combed just right!
Have fun you rascals!
We're going to the movies To see the better side of life Where something interesting happens Every day and night!
In movies we can pretend That love is real and good always wins- We can even make believe marriages last!
To see the brighter side of life!
Baba turtre bad! Ooh! We're going to the movies To see the better side of life!
That's YOUUUUUUU!!!!! Dude, that movie was fucking sweet!
Thank my lucky stars Here before me now Is everything I'd ever hoped for Knew it in a word Saw it in a glance The only thing I think I'd die for... Aw, God Damn it, he's singing that fucking song again.
That's nice, Stan.
The environment is what surrounds us.
Wow, Cartman's cool!
It was the Terrance and Phllip movie!
Now it appears they have a movie and I'm positive it's not suitable for children!
Ooh yes.
But I- You are officially relieved of your duties as principal of this school!
We are now enforcing a new dress code at South Park Elementary.
The controversy surrounding the Terrance and Phillip movie began in the small mountain town of South Park, Colorado where the local PTA banned the movie.
Thank you, Minister, for joining us.
Thanks for having me, buddy.
Please?
HA HA HA!
HA HA HA!! (Just a skull) I sure did, Phillip!! Did you see that, Wendy?
Kenny, can you hear me? (Weakly) Mph rmph rm... How are you feeling, son? mph.... rmph.... Great... Son, I have some bad news.
The time for action is NOW!! (Singing) Something must be done!
And my boy was the sweetest boy the world had ever known!
I agree that there is now a battle to be won!
It's so big and powerful!
We've got to let the whole world know what the Canadians did to your son! Yeah!! (Singing) Something must be done!
Oh we will, Mr. Scumbag... We will... Our next guests have the number one movie in the world right now, please welcome Terrance and Phillip!
It's nice to have you here in America.
Good one, Phillip!
Cheers.
Cheers, Terrance!
Stanly, you're too young to understand what's good for you.
Eric! Don't talk to Ms. Brovlofski that way!
Welcome to hell, kid! Relax!
You don't have to spend your life addicted to crack Homeless on the streets giving hand- jobs for cash as long as you follow this simple plan I'm fully convinced that it's, easy, mkay... Step one: Think about fun.
Sing along!
We don't have to spend our lives addicted to crack Homeless on the streets giving hand- jobs for cash As long as you follow my simple plan I'm fully convinced that it's, easy, mkay... Step one: Think about fun.
This is NOT a place for fun and games!
We will continue to pursue our art.
That'd be sweet!
Thank God, that sucked ass.
Unparalleled misery!! Hey, relax Satan.
A deal?
Hey relax, guy.
HA HA HAHA!! What a dumbass!!
Hey, relax guy.
Is that a new pearl bracelet, Mrs. McKormick?
As our next official order of business here at M.A.C., we will test the new V- chip.
And now the N.I.H. has created a new, exciting product that they can tell us all about.
You get a star for doing well in school.
But you guys... It's Salisbury steak.
What's the secret to making a woman happy?
We have God on our side.
Mr. President, may I remind you that our country's heart and soul are at stake, and our children's minds are the battlefield!
Amen to that.
That book wasn't Canadian!
He's my brother!
Well you better get his beady eyed Canadian ass out of America before my daddy finds him!! It's only a matter of time before my mom has HIM burned too!
Papa mama simi.
Bingo.
This is Top Secret.
Good one, sir! Sir, we're tracking a signal crossing into Canadian computers!
Goodnight, honey.
Without evil there could be no good So it must be good to be evil sometimes Up there, there is so much room Where babies burp and flowers bloom.
Everyone dreams I can dream too Up there, Up where The skies are ocean blue I could be safe and life without a care... Up there You're late, Cartman!
Let us get this meeting underway, there are others coming.
That means the time is now... Wow, dude, Wendy's new guy is smart.
You look great in your new uniform Mr. Hat.
MOLE! Oui? Thank you for coming, Mole.
Let it reach the ears of everyone!
World War Three is at hand!
This is so exciting!
Hey, relax guy! Well I just want you to be impressed with what I do .
I want you to respect my MIND.
I DO respect your mind!
Don't you see? (Singing) Hey guy, relax, put out You gotta put out for me!
I love your eyes, your nose and lips So drop those pants and do some dips Come on guy, you gotta relax relax, put out for me!
The USO show is about to start!! Get ready for loads of entertainment and fabulous celebrities!
Be careful not to touch this wire- It sounds like the USO show has started.
Tomorrow you will be risking your lives so that our children will have a better future... God bless you men.
And God bless this filth free nation.
So tonight, we at MAC present a NIGHT OF A HUNDRED STARS!
Now without further ado, I give you... Pint size pixie and darling of the indie movie scene, Winona Ryder!
You guys rock.
What you're doing for our country so sooo cool.
But you guys... wow.
(Singing) The bells are ringin' For me and my gal!
Let's synchronize watches!
Where is your beautiful, merciful faggot now?
It is my pleasure to present to you, THE Strap them in!
Today is a great day for democracy!
We will execute them along with Terrance and Phillip for your viewing pleasure!
Canada is saving us!! (Whispering) Have you finished?
We all have to do things that aren't pretty sometimes!
Sweet.
Oh, good job, Mrs. Broflofski, thanks a lot.
I am your new ruler now!
Come on guy, you know I only rib you because I love you so much!
Here you go Satan- Thank you.
I must admit, I'm kind of relieved.
Thank you, Kenny.
You all focused so hard on erasing profanity that you forgot the most important thing... To love each other.
Mom, I'm a man.
How did you know I loved ice cream?
Wow, I have a clitoris too.
Cool! (Singing) Thank my lucky stars Here before me now Is everything I'd ever hoped for- Knew it in a word Saw it in a glance The only thing I think I'd die for I can't stop now... My heart's awake!
So this is why I'm alive!
With a rich husband and this year's clothes you will not find it difficult to make some new friends.
(handing him a tip) Merci.
Wonderful.
You loved him?
One million two hundred and fifty thousand New Francs.
Your husband must have been in a great hurry.
Megeve can be so lovely this time of year.
(he smiles at his little joke, then returns to the basket) One key to your apartment -- one comb -- one fountain pen -- one toothbrush -- one tin of tooth powder (he looks up) -- that is all.
Thank you.
(looking at his watch) Come in, Mrs. Lampert.
I had a good man -- an excellent man on the Rue Ponthieu, but H.Q. asked us to use the plant here in the building -- to ease the gold outflow.
Have a good look.
(laughing) Oh, Mrs. Lampert!
I'd love to see you try and convince them of that!
Bonsoir mesdames et messieurs, good evening ladies and gentlemen, guten Abend, meine Damen und Herren -- ce soir, comme tous les soirs, l'attraction ici, au Black Sheep Club, c'est vous!
Fun and games.
Commencez, Mesdames et Messieurs -- begin, ladies and gentlemen -- signore e signori, comminciate!
An' you'd better give it to me, Miz Lampert -- cuz I ain't foolin'.
It belongs to me, Miz Lampert -- an' if you don't give it to me your life ain't gonna be worth the paper it's printed on.
The girl trusts me.
(trying to smile) I've -- I've gotten your suit all wet.
Good night.
Good night.
But if you'll take my advice -- (smiling) You'll undress in the closet.
Well -- he's tall -- over six feet -- rather thin -- in good physical shape, I'd say -- dark eyes -- quite handsome, really.
They finally got back to the base, made their report, and waited for the war to end.
That's the spirit.
(grinning) Besides, you said yourself, women make the best spies.
(smiling and rattling on) How are you?
Are you enjoying Paris?
It's lovely, isn't it?
So many wonderful things to see and do, it makes one's head spin to think of it.
(smiling) Fraulein -- If you don't stop following me I'll call the police.
Keep going.
The view had better be worth it.
Very pretty.
(smiling) I'm no easier to live with than he was.
(finishing the bandage) There -- you're a new man.
I think I love you, Alex -- (mumbling) The phone's ringing -- Whoever it is won't give up -- and neither will I.
Hello, Herman, it was a happy landing, I see.
Listen to the man!
We'd better exchange keys.
Mebbe we'd better call Herman.
(together) Nachurly!
Swell -- only this man doesn't have a garden.
(ecstatic) We won!
Remember the way he danced down there next to the river in 'American in Paris' -- without a care in the world?
No -- -- swing down from there on a rope to save the woman you love -- like Charles Laughton in 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame'?
Whoever's left alive at the end will pretty well have sewn up the nomination, wouldn't you say so?
Wonderful.
And with all the advantages you've got -- brains, charm, education, a handsome face -- Oh, come on!
I like what I do -- I enjoy doing it.
There aren't many men who love their work as much as I do.
(taking her hand, nicely) It's lovely.
I taught them everything they do.
Well -- come on.
Relax -- you're gaining.
And now your friend -- the one from Texas -- he has disappeared -- checked out -- pouf! into thin air!
Good night.
Yes? Now Dyle, you listen to me -- my mama didn't raise no stupid children.
They're recognizing Great Britain.
The garden!
I'd better see what he's up to.
(a pause, then beginning to laugh) You greenhorn -- you half-witted, thick-skulled, hare-brained, greenhorn!
He was so excited -- when he got the stamps you gave him this morning.
I'm glad.
This is where Jean-Louis trades his -- (as it dawns) Good Lord!
Those stamps -- they're worth a fortune!
(jumping up) What?
There are 350 European, 200 Asian, 175 American, 100 African and twelve Princess Grace commemorative -- which comes to nine francs fifty.
Thank God you're there!
Reggie -- listen to me!
And that's all the gratitude I get for saving your hide.
Thank you, Marine.
The lunch hour.
Oh, I love you Adam -- I mean Alex -- er, Peter -- Brian.
(Smiles.)
Him, I need healthy.
Sir? Well congratulations, you got yourselves caught.
He's a hero.
Can I help?
It's important, Mr. Pennyworth.
Good of you to let me on the grounds.
Reminds me of the one that belonged to my mother.
Goodnight, Mr. Wayne.
You read my mind.
When you and Dent cleaned the streets you cleaned 'em good.
Right hand.
Not so fast, handsome.
Oh, yes.
You don't count so good, huh?
Great.
This one's alive.
See, if you funnel the entire R and D budget for five years into a fusion project that you then mothball, your company is unlikely to thrive.
Your majority keeps Daggett at arm's length while we figure out a future for the energy program with Miranda Tate - she's supported your project all the way.
She's smart, and quite lovely.
Take a better mind than mine to fix it.
Better mind?
Even before you became a recluse, you never came to these things... True.
(Admires her cat ears.)
You start with the good limb so it learns your optimum muscle patterns.
Happy watching, thank you, sir.
I'm not risking my men for your It's not our money, it's everyone's!
One bike's pulled off, no hostage - Should we pursue?
Where's the fun in that?
I saved your life.
Shall I tell the neighbors you got yourself a new leaf-blower?
Take a good look.
I'm trusting you.
I'm choosing to trust you, Miranda, and that's not the easiest thing for me.
Please.
Let's get down to business.
You stay right there!
Your money and infrastructure have been important.
It was damn good to see him back.
(smiles, sheepish) Actually, no.
(Smiles.)
More than a few... (Smiles.)
Peace has cost you strength.
Victory has defeated you.
Theatricality and deception are powerful agents...to the uninitiated.
Admirable.
Don't tell me, still in love?
You welcome it.
A child...
Pull everyone out!
Let the games begin.
Thank you, Doctor.
The people of our greatest city are resilient.
The spoils will be enjoyed... Blood will be shed...
But the police will live, until they are ready to serve true justice...
This great city will endure... Gotham will survive.
The legend is that there was a mercenary working for the local warlord who fell in love with his daughter.
They married in secret.
And she was with the child.
My great love.
Now it's everyone's home.
How can we trust you?
Captain, glad to have you here.
He says the leap to freedom is not about strength.
My soul's as ready to escape as my body.
As the child did.
Look, I'm not asking you to walk down Grand in your dress blues.
Please.
Thank you.
Give me a hand!
Blake, they need to make their peace.
No. That's Batman! 'I see a beautiful city and a brilliant people rising from this abyss...' 'I see the lives for which I lay down my life, peaceful, useful, prosperous and happy...' 'I see that I hold a sanctuary in their hearts, and in the hearts of their descendants, generations hence.
(Gestures at gardens.)
Well, they'd better leave no stone unturned...
Emily, our place is tiny, we got no water.
Please.
(Jina's voice) Hi Jess, it's your mother, calling to say happy birthday, since you'll be gone when I get home.
What about my car?! Jessica, your sister got into beauty school, and she's going.
Can't you be happy for your sister?
Oh yeah, I'm real happy.
Thanks, Jina.
I been here way longer than her! Yeah, but I'm running a business.
Thanks.
I'll pay you.
Everybody stay out of the pool.
(smiling) Hey-a Jimmy!
Alright, relax, I'll bring it.
Good.
Jesus, man! Listen to me!
What's the rush?! (finally confiding) Look, dude, I'm takin' out this girl - a friend of Setzer's.
Jimmy, listen, she's gonna be fine.
You should take better care of your girl.
Bro, she ain't my girl.
See, she's fine.
No, man, I'm good.
Dr. Hengis is fine.
(to Troy) Don't give him your keys.
We're doin' our best!
You're as healthy as you were last week, and last week you were as healthy as an ox.
Do you love her?
So much prettier than me.
He's a good guy.
Like me, I'm a good girl, and the best I can do is a guy that looks like that?
You're finally flipping, I think.
Thanks.
Fine, I'll see.
I got happy news for you.
I'm doing a favor for a friend.
Bueno, he's a good friend.
Sounds good.
Come on an' grab a beer.
(to Berubi) Hey, listen, can I sleep on your couch?
Please?
Everybody who reads tomorrow's paper.
Everybody at school makes fun of me!
Don't be worryin' Louie - he's just here to have a good time.
Not too good, baby.
Please.
(thoughtfully) Well, he's got a nice body.
My God, Ally.
Nice ta meet ya.
Help me.
My brother.
A friend 'a Carter's!
It's a good car.
You're my best friend!
I love you so much!
Bobby, let's relax now.
I'm gonna finish what I started.
(calming down) Why don't you put that down.
I got it a little while ago, for your birthday.
It's J. H. C. I got it for your birthday.
Great.
(weakly) Yeah, I'll be fine.
Achieved matricuLATION... Now we're the newest members of the general popuLATION... God, what a bunch of retards...
So what are you guys doing this Summer?
I'm so excited to finally have some free time.
Oh yeah, that'll definitely happen... (spotting better people to talk to) Well, bye you guys... CONGRATULATIONS!
Oh... hi... (pause) So... we finally -- What about me?
Oh, hey Enid... (starting over) So... we finally made it!
Good.
Let's hit the clubs, make each other laugh!"
It's her favorite.
Joey McCobb is our God.
You're better at it.
Let's get together for lunch sometime... How about Friday at one o'clock?... Why don't you meet me at my favorite restaurant, "Wowsville"... It's in the mall on Century Parkway... I'll see you there, darling... and be sure to wear that sexy green cardigan... AH AH AH! What you think you doing?
I simply wish to know -- The flavors we're featuring this week, in addition to old favorites chocolate and vanilla, are Six-Gun Strawberry, Wild Cherry Round-up, and Ten Gallon Tangerine.
He spends more time here than I do...
Please?
I can see his hair bobbing up and down.
I want to "make love" to him.
So nice to see you again, ladies.
We should follow him home.
But this guy is like a one-of-kind, rare butterfly, and we have to follow him back to his natural habitat...
God, he lives right in our neighborhood!
And this is exactly what I'm hoping to get from each of you over the course of this Summer: a picture of your own self-exploration.
My own background is in video and performance art, but I'm hoping that doesn't influence you and that you'll find your own ways of externalizing the internal.
At the end of the Summer, this class has been invited, along with several others in the area, to participate in a show of High-School art at the Neighborhood Activity Center.
The title of the show will be "Brotherhood and Community: Art as Dialogue."
Sure!... Wait, maybe not 78s, but I can play regular records... There's some good stuff in here... do you like old music?
Well there's a few choice LPs in here that re-issue some really great old blues stuff.
She was one of the greatest guitar players that ever lived, and a great singer and songwriter as well.
Wow! How much is it?
He was so excited when you bought that record -- you're a saint!... God, these apartments are super expensive...
It was so cute how he had his own little bags.
I bet they have tons of incredible shoes hidden in the back.
Yeah, it took a while before I got a chance to play it, but when I heard that song it was like -- So you really liked it?
I'm not going to start a discourse on the subject of "good" art vs. "bad" art; these judgments are for each person to make on his own.
I merely want to help each of you find the best way to look within yourselves the best key to your particular lock.
We can do things like these cartoons that are amusing as a sort of light entertainment or we can do work that is more serious in scope and feeling and that deals with issues; emotional, spiritual, political; of great importance.
Isn't this a wonderful piece, class?
Hello and welcome to Masterpiece video.
No, it's the classic Italian film.
We have to do something fun tonight this is my last weekend of freedom before I start my stupid job.
Dream a little dream!
Aw c'mon, this is a fun party.
Please!
Yeah, well sure... you can if you want to... it's just I don't want all these guys in there at once... you know... Wow!
This stuff doesn't make you happy, believe me.
You think it's healthy to obsessively collect things?
You're a cool guy, Seymour.
If I'm so cool, why haven't I had a girlfriend in four years?
I guarantee I could get you a date in like two seconds... Good luck... I'm totally serious!
That's very nice of you Enid but I - I really -- What about her? Would you go out with her?
Don't you want me to find you your perfect dream girl?
I'm getting a new order in next week... OH MY GOD SEYMOUR!
Who? Give up?
Hey, my band is playing here on Friday night and uh... there's gonna be a bunch of cool bands playing and stuff and you don't have to pay if you show this flyer at the door... you should come check it out.
Haven't you heard about the miracle of masturbation?
I see... interesting... What do we have here, Margaret?
Uh... that was great music, huh? (sitting down) Yeah, I just love blues.
Authentic Blues has a more conventional twelve- bar structure in its stanzas.
They're so great!
Are you ready to BOOGIE?
Cuz we gwine play you some authentic, way-down-in-the-delta blues to rock your world!
It's not hopeless... Yeah, well it's simple for everybody else - give 'em a Big Mac and a pair of Nikes and they're happy!
(picks up an antique knick knack) Wow, this is so cool...
Yeah, right, I'm a klansman - thanks a lot!... Do you know the Cook's Chicken franchise?
(quoting TV commercial in deep voice) "Four-piece Cook's special deep fried with side n' slaw it's OUT RAY-GEOUS"! Yeah, well "Cook's" is just a made up name.
Actually, I was a whole lot more interested in the Cook's phenomenon when I was about your age.
Hey, I get good benefits, a good early retirement plan, nobody ever bothers me... Yeah, but still...
So, I don't really get it -- are you saying that things were better back then (points at painting) even though there was stuff like this? No, in a lot of ways things are better now...
I promise I'll take good care of it.
At least I'll get to see every movie for free, I guess...
When are you finally going to get your diploma?
Don't worry, I'm going to get another job... and anyway, I have some ideas for how to make money in the meantime... I'm not at all happy with this latte what do you intend to do about it?
If it makes you feel any better, I don't think you could've gotten more than ten bucks for all this stuff.
Yeah, thanks.
I am not -- I just think it'd be funny to see what he'd do...
Don't you want nice stuff?
I'll pay for all the stuff right now and you can pay me back when you finally get a job.
That was great - jeez, thanks again for cooking all this.
Oh I love to cook.
Ready for ice cream?
Doesn't it make you want to dance?
Uh, well, that's okay - I don't dance, heh, heh... Don't be silly, anyone can dance.
I'm so excited to see this film - Dustoffvarnya is such a brilliant director!
Did you see his last film, The Flower That Drank The Moon?
You're kidding me... Yeah, so I better go -- it's not really the best time to talk... What, are you going to like have sex with her on your first date?
Yeah, right... "Yeah, right"... well why not?
I guess I'm a little early... Dana! Hi! (pause as the gears whirl) Uh, Dana... this is Enid... Hello... It's great to finally meet you! (looking back and forth between Enid and Seymour) How do you two know each other?
I'm surprised he hasn't mentioned me we're old friends.
I've got to run! I'll stop by to see you some time, Seymour... (then to Dana) It was really great to meet you!
I said "great"... Oh yeah, I can tell you really love it!
(as she walks away giving her the finger) FUCK YOU! Have fun living with your dad for the rest of your life!
If there's something wrong I wish you'd tell me about it... It's nothing -- it's just some hormonal thing... don't worry about it... I've got some important news to tell you, but it can wait till later if you're not feeling... What? (speaking slowly and methodically) Well... as you know, Maxine and I have been seeing a lot of each other, and we decided it might be a good idea for all of us if she came back here to live at the end of the Summer, just so we can all get to know each other and to make sure this is what we want.
Help me what?
She said it didn't go with her stuff, so she gave it to me... she thought it fit in better with my "old time thingamajigs."
That's great!
You're a beautiful young girl...
We're good friends, right?
What about Joe? Oh yeah... and Dana... (says her name with whiny, disdainful voice) You were a lot more fun before you met Dana.
Right, great, sounds good!
Great job!
I'm proud of ya!
Well, I'll check you guys later.
But I can't -- I'm not sure when she'll be back... Well, here's where the fun never stops!
Yeah, I'm really, really happy.
I have to show you something else! Isn't this the greatest?
Thank you, doctor.
He won't be doing the crossword tonight!
Well, wherever they go, they don't come here... so no more of this fancy stuff... ... now get upstairs - the girls are waiting... and so is a bonus if you give me what I want.
Thank you, sir.
Well, what do you do for a living?
It's your turn now, love... (in a whisper) ... it's her first time.
Come on, love.
(singing) Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday... dear Helen happy birthday to you.
Please come in... you'll meet the others who live here, and... Thank you, but... work.
Darling, your cake - everyone's waiting.
Thank you.
Happy Birthday.
How exciting.
No thank you... to do with photography?
Yes... to do with photography...
...it would be a birthday present... from you to me.
Thank you... I'll... go first.
This is the first... twenty-first birthday present... I'll ever have given.
It's the first I've ever asked for... Mark, what a beautiful child.
What a wonderful idea... You'll be able to show it to your own chi...
... but, Mark... what a strange thing for your father to photograph.
You'd better go!
What was your father trying to do?... Photographing you at nigh... better go... Mark... what is this?
She filmed... what comes now.
Giving me a present... What was it?
He wanted a record of a growing child... complete in every detail - if such a thing were possible - and he tried to make it possible by training a camera on me... at all times...
He was brilliant.
I wish you'd join us.
Thanks... work.
Thank you... for my present.
Good night, old boy.
I will, I promise.
Thank you.
Please.
(to a figure high in the scaffolding) How are you, Pete...? Hi, Di! Darling, you've only been playing this part for three weeks, so in case you haven't yet had a chance to read the script... ... may I remind you that you're a girl with an irresistible impulse! a kleptomaniac!
...it's a wonderful subject, D.J.... Paramount wants it, M.G.M. wants it, Columbia wants it.
Remind me to pay them a visit tonight.
In light of the new economy drive... Again, please... and, darling... ... just this once... will you please make an effort to forget that you're stunning, and try to look as if you're stunned...? Say one kind word - and I would be! (hastily) Positions, everyone!
Night-night everyone!
How are you, darling?
Good night, Mark.
Good night.
I'm to remind you to pay a surprise visit tonight to The Elephant with... Good night, D.J. (in a whisper) Mark...? Mark...? Mark...? Mark! Listen... we must...
The difference is... a perfect film... ... have waited... a long time... for this... and so have you ... no one... must interrupt it.
They feel alone without it... (he looks in the eyepiece) ... and the great ones... feel alone... all the time... Then I'm great, boy!
(she does a wonderful twist) What are you doing?
Welcome, stranger!
Photographing you photographing me... (in mock awe) Mark, you're brilliant... Lost you again!
And that, darling, is the end of the news!
Yes, darling.
They're stealthy... Now darling.
Thank you.
Helen... Yes, darling?
That's very sweet of you - but really.
(gently) Thank you... It's beautiful...
I promise.
... For publication in the spring...
But that's wonderful... what's it about?
A magic camera - and what it photographs... Whatever made you... think of that?
I'll tell you one day - I promise... Well what does it photograph?
The children who read the book will want to see the pictures the camera takes - but the publishers say they're impossible to photograph, and suggest drawings... but I don't agree.
Oh yes.
Helen... if you knew what it meant... for something to happen to me... that I don't have to make happen... it's like... you've given me a twenty-first birthday... What does your camera photograph?
When please?
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for listening... and for my present.
No - no - no - we must get some comedy into this...! We'll retake it this morning... (she pockets a small item) I'll take it.
(shouting) Quiet, everyone!
That's a help.
(he faces Don Jarvis) Well, sir... we shall probably have to interview everyone at the studio, so we'd better plan a campaign that won't interfere too much with your productions.
Yes, I've a few quite interesting shots of them - it's a chance I never expected!
I'm sure of that - but I'd like to photograph them while they're questioning me.
Thank you, sir.
Quiet, everyone.
Please...
Mark is in films, isn't he? Yes, darling...
Good!
So am I... I'd like you to come in for a moment - and meet my mother.
Yes, please... Darling, this is Mark... Mark, my mother.
Thank you, Mark - You deserve a drink for that!
Good night, darling.
Good night... Mark... Yes, Helen?
I trust you.
Thank you... You... Thank you.
Good!
There's a small place round the corner... It's awfully good on Christmas Day.
No - it sounds fun.
I adore new restaurants...
Come on then... Thank you.
...thank you, Mark... Are you ready to talk about your book?
It won't take a second - and it's best to have it said.
Carrying a camera is only one of your habits, isn't it, Mark? ... when you stared at that couple, you were like the little boy on that film you showed me... looking over the wall at something he shouldn't see.
Yes... Lecture finished...
You did! ... I looked out of my window - and saw you going off to work carrying that camera like a little boy with a satchel... and an idea came... so thank you... I'd like to think...
What have you photographed, Mark?
You made a promise to your mother - (gently) Yes, Mark... You'd better keep it.
(she turns to find him looking at her) Mark, it was a wonderful evening... That's what I was going to say... a wonderful evening... (gently) And you made it wonderful... without your camera.
Whatever I photograph - Yes?
... thank you, again, for my evening.
(she is standing very close to him, smiling up into his face) Will you go to bed now - and not stop up watching those films?
The young man bathing himself brought me to your door...
Instinct's a wonderful thing, isn't it Mark?
I promise you that.
I promise you.
Good boy.
Good night, Mrs. Stephens.
It's pure publicity - and I promise he won't do any work.
You can watch everyone and everything from there... including me! Very well, sir ... I'll become a member of your camera crew... (to Don Jarvis) ... if the unions don't object!
It looked jolly interesting to me.
I'm a focus-puller... Oh... so am I, in a way.
He was an extraordinary man - quite brilliant!
Wonder what all that's about?
We're stopping at four today - so have a quick lunch, everyone!
You'd better be!
... Thank you.
An interesting boy... he has his father's eyes... you don't suspect him, do you?
This is the last shot... Make it a good one!
Haven't you ever seen a key before?
The till will be empty - if that's what you're smiling about.
Is it safe to be alone with you? ... might be more fun if it wasn't... Darling... Darling.
You haven't much time for me these days.
Photographing Mother?
This was his laboratory... and you know some of what he did... but not all.
No one will come in... honestly, darling...
So I did something... very simple...
With friends of yours?
I need a quote.
Gimme a quote.
It was a nice run, Kev.
Everyone in place.
This special party, Barbara, this was the first time you told the story about Mr. Gettys.
So you made up a story.
Elegant.
She is a doll.
We love her.
Drunk frat boys laughing as they exit.
We've been following your progress.
And the card is great.
MUSIC and SINGING from inside.
Forty-five voices raised in song.
The tempo is ragged and the pitch shaky, but the feeling is strong.
The decor is stark, dramatic, awesome.
You can play it cool if you want, but the first time I walked in here, my jaw was on the floor.
This is the home office, but we've got quite a few international arrangements, so Mr. Milton spends a good deal of his time in the air.
Interesting work, but travel intensive.
She is beautiful beyond propriety.
(smiles) Man, I just love that...
Sixty stories above the world.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you.
Your wife, she's had a good time?
It's been great.
The whole thing's been great.
Good.
(walking the room, circling) What's your secret?
Pays better though, doesn't it?
They stand there, staring at the park.
You can keep scrounging for clients and pumping out the basement and I'll keep repossessing cars for Akamian.
She smiles first.
Kevin pulling her toward him, as we -- Incredible and extreme.
(pacing the window) This room we're in was built -- architecturally designed -- to promote healthy group dynamics.
That's what I'm looking for today.
It's intimate.
(beat) Let's hold hands.
Reluctance begins to fold.
And they're walking... Best street food in the world.
You can't help but smell your clients.
That's the gaff, my friend -- make yourself small.
And she smiles -- it's like a veil coming down across her face -- and that smile, that's a question mark, because she's looking at me, she's wondering, how did that happen?
And see, right there, from that moment on, she's got a secret.
Because I knew it was gonna be good.
(catching himself) Look, I'm rambling because I'm excited.
You're in the part of the game I like best.
It's gonna be great.
Pull back your hair.
And her neck, if she's alive, has the very mystery of a border town.
This is the family building.
Salute.
Amen.
Getting louder and wilder.
The Woman is kneeling on a table, dress hiked up, ass in the air.
Grand scale everything.
There's a second print in blood -- it's a partial of a hand -- on the wall next to th-- I have keys!
Help me.
She's cut and colored her hair.
Dr. Robert, I'm telling you, he's the miracle man.
Smiling.
DEVIL'S ADVOCATE - Rev. 11/2/96 63. (smiling) Feel real?
Enjoying yourself?
Congratulations on Cullen.
Thank you.
If you win... (smiles) If you win it's everything.
Believe me, it'll take all night.
Good news.
What a pleasant surprise.
The night is young.
They're on the pipe right now, my friend.
Hang on a second... (presenting Kevin) Meet my new heavyweight.
Can I help you?
Milton catching Kevin's eye, smiling as the Blonde slips below the table.
FEENEY, the doorman, at the ready.
Welcome to Babylon, Ma.
Did you have a fine dinner?
No, I'm fine.
Thank you.
Nice to meet you.
How do you do? Mary Ann... (a kiss for her) I think you've met Christabella, and this is Giselle who's just in from Paris.
Thanks for the champagne.
You've very welcome.
No. Nice to see you... Have a lovely evening.
Good night to you.
That's not a fight, Ma, it's marriage.
Are you happy here?
Are you happy here?
Am I happy?
Am I happy?
(touching his face) I love you more than anything in the whole world.
I love you too, Ma.
Help me out.
Thanks.
Do you love this woman?
I put together a great jury.
Embrace it.
She gets better.
But this isn't a popularity contest.
Marshal your strength.
And one more... (as he's done) She's calm now so this might be a good time to say good night.
But you kept winning.
Don't you look beautiful now.
See how beautiful you are?
Watching him claw at the wire I loved you.
And only we can see it, but she's smiling...please, baby, stay with me... it'll be okay -- it's gonna be fine just, just stay with me -- Oh God, Mare... please, baby... Kevin holding her, but she's gone, as we thru thru 246 246 But someplace completely different.
Finish the story.
(waiting) Finish the story.
I promised right there if God would let me back into His grace I would never leave again.
You were my blessing.
How much I love you.
His face -- that night -- I knew it was him and the same time I was confused -- and you were so proud you'd come to New York and done all this on your own, I didn't have the heart to tell you -- Say it.
Free will.
I'm ready to work.
I'm offering bliss.
Instant bliss.
Bliss by remote control.
Bliss on tap.
Freedom.
(excited now) Did you know there were more students in law school right now than lawyers walking the Earth?
Nooooooo...! (behind him) It was a nice run.
Kevin! -- Hey! (catching up) Listen, this story -- this is the one, pal -- this is the one you dream about -- There is no story.
Not when I get through with the story.
Thank you.
(laughs) A black lawyer!
Why should he help him now?
Not at all -- I think better this time of morning -- after lunch, man, I'm a zombie.
(laughs) Sure -- let you know straight away -- love to, Susan... Cheers! (puts down phone; presses his intercom) Freda!
But he's out child.
Good night, Papa! Oh, Papa! Coffee!
Time for bed.
I'm proud of you, Ben... what you've done for that family.
But darling, you shouldn't take these things to heart so much.
(stroking his hair gently) Come, come to bed.
Hand in your test.
Nice to meet you, Colonel Viljoen.
You were one of the great wing forwards.
Well... to put it simply, Colonel... (smiling) I'm always grateful for that.
Ha! You'd be surprised how many honest, decent, church-going men we come across during a working day.
Colonel -- believe me, I'm with you all the way.
Good! Shall we start with his son?
A Friday night, man!
I'm standing here with Gordon's clothing in my hand.
Thank you, Baas.
(surprised) Brothers?
(with pride) That's the African way.
(with a mischievous smile) You got to go?
Well, thank God Emily has you to lean on, Stanley.
Next you'll have me believing we grew up in the same country, same laws, same freedom, same everything!
(like a tour guide) We are now about to leave the white jungle and entering the land of love and glory.
A smart move by your Boer brothers.
At our smart liberal friend's office, yeh! Good night.
As I said we have a good advocate.
(standing) I'm pleased I came.
Thank you.
Why should I? The man was perfectly healthy, just complaining of toothache.
Thank you, Your Worship.
But once he calmed down, he was ready to make a statement about his activities.
Thank you, Mrs. Ngubene.
Grace Nkosi.
We shall adjourn until tomorrow morning.
I wish to thank both advocates for conducting this case without rancour and in the best traditions of the South African legal profession.
Don't be fooled by his happy-go- lucky attitude.
Please, Mr. Du Toit, and you'll meet my darling father.
I love this house.
Do you like bees? (smiling) I have nothing against them.
(surprised) How's that, Suzette?
And tomorrow is Sunday!
(disgruntled) Suzette, pull yourself together!
Today the whole country has seen that photograph.
No thank you for your advice!
Were you happy with what came to light?
No one but God can see what's in our hearts.
Do you know what I believe in, Dominee, that once in one's life, just once, one should have enough faith in something to risk everything for it.
'Morning, Oom Ben.
Good afternoon, Professor.
You have a nice vegetable garden.
Come, you are just the person to sample my greengage wine.
I've read a few books.
(referring to the wine) You don't have to finish it.
An interesting book -- Picasso -- Not one I'm familiar with.
(happy) Papa! Where's Mama?
The perfume and a new hairstyle.
I baked a cake.
That's for holidays.
It's that photograph in the papers.
I am glad you mentioned it, Father.
Doesn't matter, Lanie -- as long we are on time for the revolution.
Hallelujah! (offers his huge hand) Shake, man.
Join the club.
I'm glad.
Not for me, Sis -- too strong for me.
Tea then... (turning to Julius) ... and God forgive me -- Ben, it's Johan.
You'd better come.
a young black man's face listening to Julius's voice: ...
(smiling and sitting back) Let's call it a warning.
You met Sadie.
A beer would be nice.
And thank you.
Dorothy, dear Dorothy, she was a fantastic mother.
I'm Porto and my friend is Bello!
Ben smiles and starts to caress Porto in Melanie's arms.
He's a little boy, Stanley! (focusing Ben in the eyes) He'll be back in a few years.
(following) Chris! (with cascading laughter) Lanie!
We better win before the blacks have won.
Please.
Cheers!
(excited) That's my favorite, Ben.
Listen, you... Darling, put that down, it's not good for your cholesterol.
Better... She's waiting for you to ask her to come home.
Thanks.
(smiling) Where on earth do you keep them?
I'm a friend of Gordon Ngubene's... (raising his hands) The inquest is over, Mr. Du Toit.
I have a pretty good idea of what I will eventually uncover.
(mischievous) A brandy, Papa? (smiling back, ruffling his hair) A gin and tonic would be fine.
Thank you.
Can I help you?
Good afternoon, Meneer Du Toit, Johan.
(very proud) I took it out.
Hide it in my secret place.
Thank you, son.
Thank you.
(happy) Wellington's affidavit!
(to himself) Good old Melanie!
Thanks to Johan.
(surprised) What's so funny?
He holds up Tony's hand and indicates the tattoo between the thumb and second finger -- a heart with the word "Madre" scaled through it.
CONTnmED #02154 5 Rev. 11/22/82 -- 6 That's pretty funny, Tony.
He's good.
That taunting smile on Tony's lips as, to the music of the immigration theme, we: The bus is packed with the harder-looking refugee-types.
(X) He's big, strong, handsome, with dashing darkly feminine eyes -- younger than Tony, and dapper in his cheap clothing.
(closes his eyes but not for long) #02154 Rev. 12/9/82 Tony is moving down 23rd Street, the walk proud and jungle in the rock of the hips and the cast of the shoulders -- now accompanied by his handsome compadre, Manny That Bogart, Chico, hunh?
Manny laughs.
I never gonna be crazy like that.
You're like my brother, I love you!
You lucky to have me as a friend.... they walk off, back As to camera.
The waitresses move like well-oiled troops along the paths to the kitchen, turning the tables at a speedy rate.
They're out front with the flash, shaking hands with friends, kissing, talking loud, familiar with the waitresses.
That's great...What do we Oh yeah! gotta do?
You're talkin' to important guys here.
(Xl Flying in Friday.
New guys.
In a motel over in Miami Beach.
You do that, you'll make five grand.
(to Tony-) Hey, that sounds great, Tony....
Meet me at Hector's bodega Friday at noon.
They're animals!
Look, meet me tonight at Hector's at eight.
Glad to meet you.
(awed) ..Fine yeah.
Not to mention of course the nice job you guys did for me on that Commie sonufabitch Emilio Rebenga.
That was fun.
(smiles, likes the kid's balls) Scotch?
two keys.
(produces the money) It's my gift to you -- from me.
(to the others) The broad spends half her life dressing, the other half undressing.
Lopez laughs.
1x1 Rev. I/10/83 Oooh sweetheart, you look Where you been baby, it's like a millions bucks.
what the evening's going to be and not too happy about Lopez laughs.
You got a nice face, you got great legs, you got the fancy clothes and you got this look in your eyes like you haven't been fucked good in a year.
They've'been partying all night, clothes rumpled, Tony (X) smoking his cigar, feeling good.
That chick he's with...she loves me.
- it again) Takes practice, mi sengre, but they - just love it when you flop that pussy with it.... .
Pointing to a tall, cool blonde across the avenue.
The blonde has paused to look in a shop window.
The kid nocf smiles.
She smiles The mother looks over.
+. x Meanwhile, Manny has moved close to the blonde and suggests something, his eyebrows raising, the smile crooked.
In a high-fashion store, Tony buys a beautiful dress for Gina who is delighted when she sees herself in the mirror, hugs Tony.
(circling the car) Funny guy hunh...Manny, c'mere.
Yeah a good one.
Yeah in case I go to the swamps, Good idea.
I'm glad you came.
Does a toot, staring at her. She's uncomfortable.
When he finishes he , makes as if to return it to her.
He kisses her.
I don't fuck around with the help, As he puts the key into the ignition, Tony has this wolfish grin on his face.
His eyes fizzle with an energy derived not from drugs but the continual excitement of his toys and his money.
I'll fix this thing up right between you.
Sosa approaches Tony, focusing an intense stare on him, makes an elaborate gesture of putting his hands out, Tony followng the pantomine, puts his out.
In all its Caribbean splendor with the long curving beach and rich white buildings, bathed in a lovely violet light.
They go. 100 100 The office is highly decorated with plagues, momentos, Cuban patriot flags, and lots of photographs, centering on JFK and RFK shaking the hand of Lopez who now stares incredulously at Tony. (livid) You what!
At 10.5 a key, it's pure Frank...we can`t lose money, no way, we make seventy-five million on this deal, Frank.
His hair is flaming red.
So George, they tell me you're the best lawyer in town.
Bernstein smiles, points.
Enjoy yourself.
Everyday above ground's a good day.
Burgundy suit there is snuggling up to Gina on the dance .floor.
Too close.
over, takes Elvira's arm, and smiles at Tony.
I don't know, things don't look so good here, Tony.
Tony comes down the plush velvet stairs, flings himself into the Ladies room...the ladies, surprised, look back at him.
Anyway I'm glad you made it Tony, we'll return the favor for you.
I'll give you ten million dollars right now !
So long, Mel, have a good trip.
Camera pulling back to reveal Tony watching in his huge gold- leaf bathtub, a cigar clenched between his teeth.
l Listen, these guys been here for a thousand years.
listen to this, guy's always (X) Hey, good for a laugh.
..you got nothing to do with your life that's what.
(Xl ( stung 1 honey, you're Don't toot your horn, not that good.
A friendly smile but Tony just stares glumly after Elvira.
(cool) The point is made.
167 167 Camera follows Tony with Ernie and Chi-Chi dowr'the outside gallery onto the veranda where Sosa is reclining with several other men -- all in casual clothes, enjoying their coffee after lunch.
That's great.
They laugh, nervously.
A pleasure, Mr. Montana.
A segment now in progress with the "Donahue-type" interviewing Dr. Orlando Gutierrez.
Laughter.
Gocd family.
(in a hurry) Look it up in the Yellow Pages okay, buddy.
Finally she picks up, #02154 141 Rev. l/18/83 ELVIRA'S VOICE (Xl '---' Yes? Hello baby, how's Baltimore?..hey (Xl look Elvie, I been thinkin' 'bout us, you know and....
But I lived better when I was here.
The Shadow, most excited of all, like a panther that just spotted his prey, eyes alive for the first time.
190 THROUGH TONY'S WINDSHIELD - DAY 1s Matos sits there warming up his car, looking back at the brownstone.
(English) Okay, okay, cool it willya all right. of the Mates pulls his car out parking space.
The wife opens the door, steps out -- followed, moments later, by two schoolchildren, books in hand.
Yeah, okay, okay...listen if she calls, tell her I love her, okay?
Ernie meets them at the door.
Your mama called again.
so I'll deliver the goods next month.
She goes into this fancy house in Coconut Grove.
(Xl dollars you gave her!... (Xl Mama, was there a guy with hex?
Ha ha ha ha ha!
Where is your courage, Comrade Buljanoff?
If Lenin were alive he would say, "Buljanoff, Comrade, for once in your life you're in Paris.
That's right... that's right.
We arrived this morning... Thank you.
Good morning, Count.
Good morning.
Hello, Leon! Good morning, Swana.
Darling, I was busy looking out for your interests.
(to Rakonin) Thank you so much, my friend.
The most incredible thing has happened!
(taking her in his arms) Darling, calm down.
I think I had the pleasure of meeting you in your beautiful shop.
Thank you.
Until then, good day.
Good day.
(bowing) Good day, monsieur.
How about joining us Saturday night for dinner?
We're having a few friends.
Nice people.
Envoy extraordinary arrives Thursday six ten with full power.
This is a fine thing.
What a charming idea for Moscow to surprise us with a lady comrade.
Well... that's my business, madame.
The last mass trials were a great success.
For ourselves... we are much happier now since we moved to a little room next to the servants' quarters.
(she puts the photograph on the desk) Comrades, your telegram was received with great disfavor in Moscow.
We did our best, Comrade.
I will have no dealings with the Grand Duchess nor her representative.
That's funny.
You're welcome.
Can I help you?
Love to.
A Russian! I love Russians!
Thank you.
(looking at the dazzling view) And thank you for getting me up here.
Beautiful, isn't it?
I'm glad I saw it before becoming extinct.
There are the Grands Boulevards... blasted out of the heart of the old streets.
And Montmartre... Montparnasse... La Boheme... and now I'll show you the greatest attraction!
(he adjusts the telescope) The most wonderful spot in all Paris -- unique!
It's not the structure but the spirit which dwells within.
(simply) Then why don't we go? (looking at him) You might be an interesting subject of study.
Good evening, Gaston.
Thank you.
Your cornea is excellent.
Tell me -- you're so expert on things -- can it be that I'm falling in love with you?
(bewildered, and yet completely intrigued) You're the most improbable creature I've ever met in my life, Ninotchka, Ninotchka...
(dumfounded) I'd love to.
A tiny cog in the great wheel of evolution.
You're the most adorable cog I ever saw in my life.
One half of Paris is making love to the other half.
One hand has met the other hand.
They kiss.
Love is not so simple.
Why do flowers open their petals?
Thank you.
The deal is off!
Are you crazy, Buljanoff?... ...A special envoy arrived... What?...
That sounds better.
What's her name?... (he takes a pencil and a piece of paper) ...What?... Yaku... How do you spell it?... Heavens! those Russian names!
Thank you.
Oh, yes, yes.
Good!
I am surprised at you, Comrade!
Thank you.
Your face is new to me.
Not until I've made you laugh... at least once.
Ha! Ha! Now go back.
I mean a laugh from the heart.
I'm going to tell you a funny story.
(disarmed) So do I. (after a little pause) Now, here's a great one... Ha! Ha! Ha! (he looks at Ninotchka and her expression stops him) Well, maybe it's not so good.
"Whew!" replies the first, "they must get pretty crowded when it's half moon!" Ha! Ha! Ha! (starting to get sore) I suppose you don't think that's funny?
So you don't think that's funny?
It is funny!
Bring me a cup of coffee."
No humor!! (indignantly) What's funny about this? (reading) In addition to the arguments above enumerated for lifting this injunction, we wish to cite the decision of the High Court of Paris, rendered in the case of Princess Marishka against the Government of Montenegro on the fifth day of August, 1897.
The other day I heard such a funny story... (she laughs again) It still makes me laugh.
Oh yes... about this injunction... (very businesslike) The hearing is set for the twentieth of this month.
Well, there's nothing we can do about it.
Why get excited?
(a little bit dreamily) Oh yes, Power and Light.
Thank you.
Thank you, Comrade.
(overwhelmed) Thank you, Comrade, thank you.
(with great feeling) Leon, don't ever ask me for a picture of myself...
My darling.
Good evening, Your Highness.
Good evening, Louis.
No, that's another party.
This is glory!
(everybody in the party giggles) We must not embarrass little Leon.
Thank you.
There's Leon! Oh yes! Where?
Oh! How exciting!
Shall we dance, General Savitzky?
It's funny to look back.
Ugh... um... oh... (slowly the delight of champagne dawns on her and her face breaks into a smile) It's good.
From what I read I thought champagne was a strong drink.
There have been cases... but the headache the next morning is worth while -- if you drink it with the right toast.
Thank you.
Is this your new dress suit?
It's a dream of beauty.
What, darling?
But, darling, you can't do that.
Good people of France!
I love you, my little Leonitchka!
Right: Lovers of the world unite!
Yes... a kiss... salute!
(still in his arms) I am so happy.
(she gets up) I want to confess, darling.
Much happier.
(getting up) Oh yes, yes.
It has a little knob that turns... a little knob... it must be somewhere around here... yes... here... I see... (triumphantly) Here it is!
Well, it has to warm up... you have to give it a chance... just like people... like you and me... first you wanted to fight me and now we belong to the same party... salute!
Czar Peter gave it to his wife, Catherine the Great.
Come, sweetheart.
For the first time they will learn how they can look.
(in a ceremonial voice) I give them back to the people... (as formal and steady as possible under the conditions he puts the diadem on her head) I make you Ninotchka the Great... Duchess of the People!... Grand Duchess of the People!
Thank you, Leon... thank you, masses.
Please.
The revolution is on the march...
(mixing reality with fantasy) Let us be happy... give us our moment.... (turning to Leon) We are happy, aren't we, Leon? (fondly) Yes, sweetheart.
(he holds her in his arms) (her voice getting dimmer and dimmer) So happy and so tired.
Not if you have their love.
A dissertation on love on Soviet stationery -- would be an amusing paradox.
Now I have the jewels.
My lawyer agrees with you.
(quietly) That's not the way to win him back... not Leon.
I am fine, thank you.... Yes, it was... marvelous.... What?... for luncheon?
That will be lovely.... Yes... (there is a knock on the door) Come in.
(into telephone) Operator, will you switch the call please?... Hello?... Darling, your present just arrived.... It's very silly and very wonderful... thank you... No, I won't forget... seven o'clock.... (with great tenderness) Good-by, my darling.... What?... Oh... (softly) salute!
Good afternoon, Jacqueline.
Good afternoon, Your Highness.
Thank you, Your Highness.
So it's love which drags you to Moscow.
Nobody has the right....
Now past me marches the great army of our civilians!
Group of Several Units Marching Good evening, Anna.
Good evening, Ninotchka.
The conductor got so excited he yelled, "There's sabotage in the string section!"
Well, I've saved up two eggs and each of my friends is bringing his own so we'll manage.
Then they saw the Paris label and did it start a commotion!
Thank you, Anna.
There are many good things to see here too.
(in a loud voice, trying to make up for his faux pas) How nicely you've fixed the table, Ninotchka.
What a lovely room you have here.
That's marvelous!
And it's great!
That's another thing... it's spring.
The same spring we had in Paris.
You can see it in his whole attitude!
Let's fill it with confitures, des prunes... ...des raisins de Madere, des framboises... (...with grapes of Madeira, with raspberries...) ...des petites fraises des bois... de la creme de Bretagne... (...with small wild strawberries... with cream...) ...so it blows up that big... what they call an Omelette Surprise!
And the surprise is there's nothing in it.
(he raises his voice) In that one omelet we'll taste the whole of Paris!
Good night, Ninotchka.
Thank you for a wonderful dinner.
(with great warmth) Good night, my friends.
Good morning, Comrade.
Here is my report on the materials available for trading in the next four months.
That's marvelous....
Thank you.
But, Comrades... (with the happiness of being free again in his voice) We are not comrades any more... we are friends, Ninotchka.
That's freedom.
This is no more a pleasure trip for me than it is for you.
Ninotchka, we are in the magic East, the country of Aladdin and His Lamp... ...Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves... into one single hour you can crowd a thousand and one nights.
We have opened a restaurant... ...we have a wonderful electric sign: "Dine With Buljanof, Iranoff, and Kopalski."
(singing the song of freedom) Don't call it desertion.
Our little restaurant... that is our Russia... the Russia of borscht, the Russia of beef Stroganoff, blinis with sour cream... ...the Russia of piroshki... people will eat and love it.
(carried away by emotion) It began, "Ninotchka, my darling," and ended, "Yours, Leon." (with great feeling and sincerity) I won't tell you what came between... I'll prove it.
Well, when it is a choice between my personal interest and the good of my country, how can I waver?
Should we go to the beauty parlor?
Edith is still helping Irving put his hair back together.
You look fine.
Jamming early 70s HOLIDAY party -- LONG ISLAND LADIES IN ENCLOSED POOL -while inside steamed glass SHINY BIKINI GUYS WHO LOOK MOBBED UP, pale, out of shape, gold chains, in swim trunks, EVEN MORE BURT REYNOLDS TYPE GUYS, slim, hairy, chains.
So, one January I go to my friends pool party in Long Island.
She does have on a Duke Ellington charm bracelet.
Well I care.
(smiles, warm) Jeep's Blues.
Who starts a song like that?! It's magic.
Magic.
He wasn't necessarily in good shape, and he had this comb-over that was rather -- elaborate.
And like me, she envisioned a better elegant future for herself.
She envisioned it.
Clean bright colors, huge blown up Cosmo covers -- Sydney -- innocent, plain, slacks and blouse, hair back, nervously awaits interview.
Our cover story right now is on cunnilingus.
It's beautiful.
I love it.
You look fantastic!
I can only dream about these dresses.
They're beautiful.
I felt like finally, I can truly be myself without being ashamed, without being embarrassed.
You're not being aggressive enough in putting up your assets -- Have you ever been to Queens?
We kept selling art together, too.
Bauhaus Movement.
Irv and Edith kiss gently, lovingly, sincerely on the lips -- They walk into their CLASSIC LOOKING, STAID, PRIVATE BANKING When I was around her I felt joy.
And love.
Irv and Edith dance through the lobby.
As they dance among mostly older wealthy couples on the small dance floor of the elegant restaurant as a live jazz quartet plays "I've Got Your Number".
Camera circles them, putting their foreheads together, very happy.
THEY SING TO EACH OTHER quietly as they dance close.
Irv and Edith make passionate love, we see in pieces -- He gets up, she watches him dress and leave -- As, as far as I could see, people were always conning each other to get what they wanted.
Irv walks into the decorated ranch house, frosted glass with bird designs, glass tables, walls, black and brown lacquer everywhere.
He was married, and he had a son.
He was a really good dad and I respected him for that.
This is a fantastic picture.
I thought Mommy picked you up so he couldn't bother you.
[Irv looks at him] Mommy got the lamp.
She made her special drink and the lamp made a fire.
For the first time in my life I do the right thing.
There are NO divorces in my family.
She was better than any con artist I'd ever met including myself.
Irving, come to mama.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
I'm proud of that, too.
You're good, you're done.
A NICE UPPER EAST SIDE apartment.
Sydney has finally changed her clothing from when she wore the same dress at the holding cell.
I love him.
We're us, and we can make it an adventure like we did.
We can make it an adventure like we make everything, alright?
What are you doing?! Please!
I love you.
It's beautiful.
We'll finish the ice fishing story another time, young man.
Edith met her in the ladies room and became friends with her.
EDITH carries a basket of exotic teas; She was excited to be included in an operation instead of being on the other end of a memo.
It was beautiful.
Thank you so much!
He loves them.
Barnaby plays the piano!
Edith and Richie laugh excitedly as they walk the hallways.
I mean this guy loved the idea of being famous.
You made me accept praise from my boss who's thanking me for something that never shoulda happened!
You should be happy.
Laughing Richie and Edith walk briskly on their way out.
And please bless this food that we are about to eat - - Yeah, hello?
That's not gonna happen, Mom.
Irv and Rosalyn Rosenfeld get out of his green Cadillac.
Mixture of LOCALS: ITALIANS, POLISH, BLACKS AND PUERTO RICANS -- wave to the mayor from the bar, and tables, as Irv and Rosalyn follow.
You should see the way he does this chicken with the red sauce It's beautiful.
With the red sauce, the lemon-- Dolly kisses Carmine as he gives his wife's leg a squeeze and kisses her cheek, then her mouth.
SHE KNOCKS BACK A GLASS OF RED WINE as a plate of Chicken Picatta is served to the table.
It's the Piccata of the gods!
(shows her nails) I chip them moving furniture, it's my obsession -- Moving, re- decorating, it makes me feel better like exercise.
There's this top coat that you can only get from Switzerland and I don't know what I'm going to do because I'm running out of it but I LOVE the smell of it.
It's true! Irving loves them.
(hand out to Carmine) Carmine, sweet and sour.
Rotten and delicious.
Irving loves it.
Irving please don't make me go, I was just starting to have fun!
How did my life become this?
Please.
OK baby, let's go dancing.
Richie and Edith DANCE AND DANCE AND SWEAT to Donna Summer's "I Feel Love" -- dance -- riding a high.
Thank God for me.
Ros stares defiantly, clicks her nails on the counter.
Irv stands alone, staring at Edith and Richie kissing.
You look beautiful by the way.
It's good.
Paco, Richie Dimaso, good to meet you in person [shakes Paco's hand] - this is Irving Rosenfeld.
Nice to meet you.
Where's Al from Queens?
Who? My friend from Queens.
She's the life of the party!
Everybody loves her.
I'm the life of the party!
Carmine loves me.
See? Listen! (raising her voice to phone) I got your nail polish for you, sweetie!
We're gonna have a good time.
(to Rosalyn) Alright, you happy?
Yes, I am happy.
Carmine 's family is dressed up.
Greets everyone.
This is beautiful.
The good news is they know how it's done.
Everyone makes their money.
I love this! Hi.
Good means good.
Trust me.
(In Arabic) It is great doing business with you.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
Listen to me carefully.
Please.
See? Kindred spirits.
Rosalyn holds her hand, with wedding ring to Sydney's face.
He doesn't love you Rosalyn he loves me.
And it might be done now, but it was beautiful and it was real.
And we loved each other.
Ladies and gentlemen, your friend, the working man's friend, my friend, Mayor Carmine Polito!
Whatever it is, it's got to be the best we've ever done.
Sydney nods her head yes, stares intensely at Irving as the camera tilts down to reveal: their hands clasped together.
I respect you.
I'm excited to be here.
You're a good man (on grainy black and white) I'm federal agent Richard Dimaso.
That's what you represent, family.
One small thing we do for this man is a huge thing we do for the people of New Jersey.
You're too beautiful to be unhappy.
I'm a good partner.
Good job, peaches.
(kisses him) These things are never easy.
Good afternoon.
If you'll let me finish, we are willing to give two million dollars today of the ten.
He's right, we can't.
Please do.
That's powerful stuff.
Thank you.
We can help you out.
Your heart pills.
(emotional, quiet) Are you ready?
(whispers) I love you.
She squeezes his hand, raises it to her lips and kisses it.
Please.
You look good.
You did! Well that doesn't sound so good, either.
Well, it better be a pretty good size zone if he's in it... Blake, I can handle that transplant!
You're a good doctor, Lonnie, but you're not David Ravell.
So how you gonna celebrate?
Thanks, you guys... Alright, alright, come on... I'm not running no bed & breakfast, we got customers.
We can't come to the phone right now 'cause we're out making a sale, so leave us a message; better yet, come on down and steal one 'a these beauties right out from under us!
Hang on a second there, baby.
Sue Ann's taking me out and I thought it might be fun to go in a nice car... What was that?
Great.
Good.
Oh, yeah, he's got things up and running, alright... 'Kay, good.
Hey, I got a surprise for tonight.
'S only a birthday, right?
They want to see the new LeSabres.
He said he'd be happy to give me a ride home.
You're beautiful.
Sorry... it's nice to see what this little beauty can do, though.
Bourbon, little water, thank you.
Hey... you got a fine one right here!
Oh, yes, with the coffee... Yep, Betty pours a pretty mean cup.
You got five... It's a nice place you got here.
Sweet little town, Fair Oaks.
(laughs) Are you kidding me?
Relax, we brought the cash.
These assholes get excited and start lining up.
Please!
Please!
Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday, dear-- ... you're wonderful, Chloe, you are...
I saw his soul Wesley.
You gave me a look!
Are you and Larry happy?
Then you should treasure that... you gotta hold on to whatever you got that's any good, even if it's only a little bit.
Betty And now we return to "A Reason to Love."
You're in this up to those fabulous eyes of yours.
I sent him to the Great Beyond.
Now, the one thing I don't get is that we checked all the Buicks on that lot.
God, I admire that.
Ya see that, Wesley?
No, we're bringing the community into the effort to find her.
And I'm a pretty good judge of character... ... yeah, I can see that.
Please?
MERLE (cont'd) Please keep it down, it's time for "A Reason to Love..." That's real funny.
So you're into "Reason," too?
Betty, honey, listen to me.
The Europe? (laughs) This is my first time out of Kansas.
Did you love it?
It was great.
Rome was the best thing I ever did, because I DID IT!
I've been to Rome, Italy!
I'm trading in a car dealer for a heart specialist, so that's pretty good... Nice move.
(excited; to Sue Ann) Tell him what you told me.
Betty is a big, big fan of the soap opera, "A Reason to Love." Look... Why do I need to see this? Did he ask you to...? Listen!
Betty's in love with Dr. David Ravell, from the show.
Betty was a lovely child.
Oh, there's no tellin' what that girl could've accomplished, and she never had it easy.
I can tell you right now, without a doubt, that your granddaughter is alive, and did not kill Del Sizemore.
It's in a very pretty area that gets a lot of sun, has palm trees out front, mountains in the background... Really?
Please!
I'm massaging his heart.
Give me a hand!
Thanks to what that nurse did.
There are no words that quite express; My gratitude or happiness.
A pleasant smile perhaps a kiss; I would not fail to give her this.
I'd make her glad the whole day through; By sayin' 'Mother', I love you!' P.S.
Easy, Charlie!
So, you stay with me until you find your David and live happily ever after.
He was two guys before the last one--not counting a little office thing in there, which I'm trusting you with, 'cause if it gets out, I'm on the street... It's lovely...I really like your aquarium.
Well, I should be in FLORIDA now!
Hey, that looks great on you.
Well, see, she was having an affair with a Russian diplomat who I believe was mixed up with the Mafia... Jesus, I thought my love life was crazy... ROSA (cont'd) ... so, we'll hit the library first and fan out from there.
She's probably all cool and fresh, and comfortable in that nice air-conditioned car right now.
Ask my mother, I love it when people take advantage of me!
I TRUSTED YOU!!
My word is good, and my family owes you.
Oh, yeah... Man, I'd love to find that actor just to see the look on her face, watch her bubble burst in mid-air.
Can we be friends?
We were engaged.
That's very kind of you.
... you have a good time?
But I loved him.
That's a nice name.
That's a really nice name... Lyla's very nice.
BETTY (cont'd) I haven't been this happy since I was twelve years old.
We got our nails done and had lunch at "Skies," a restaurant at the top of a building from where you can see the whole city.
Great improv...
I just want everything to be perfect between us.
BETTY (cont'd) I love you, David.
You still in love?
Damn, that's sweet...
Better.
Betty Sizemore, she's got ten kilos... Blonde hair, a great figure... sort of a whole Doris Day thing going on.
She's a very nice girl and you better not hurt her.
And a funny thing, Betty, he introduced himself to me as George!
God! Listen to me, "Me, me, me."
It's so easy to get caught up in the whole ego cycle of this business and make it all about yourself.
I'm kidding... Seriously, Betty, I'm doing all the talking here... ...but I love listening to you, so that's okay... Thanks.
I promise...
SHE'S BEEN Well, I don't know what you had in mind, but I hope you're happy.
You're my favorite actor on...
No, that should be more than-- Good.
I came for love... You're not on that soap opera thing again, are you?
Got some serious clients to meet, with real potential.
Bet-ty!? Did the pizza guy show up yet?
It sounded crazy, but it was worth a shot.
CHARLIE (cont'd) I'm appreciably older than you, but my health is good.
No one is, honey.
Now that's beautiful.
Listen, I forgive you, Mr. McCord... George... ... George.
'S the only thing that Del was ever right about.
I love you, David.
And I want to see you tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day... (they kiss) That's my best friend!
But she fell in love with Roy Ostrey, married him and moved to Kansas.
Betty Sizemore appeared in 63 episodes of "A Reason to Love."
Bosses and wiseguys are meeting and greeting each other on the big front porch.
It's gonna be a new century, Paul.
It's very interesting what you were just saying.
(surprised) Well, I should have been watching.
Dad, you're not coming to my wedding?
Everything's fine.
How's your practice?
It's great.
And when you're ready to talk to me like a normal person, I'll be at the piano with Regis Philbin.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, at the piano, Regis Philbin! (to the waiter) Thomas Wolfe was right.
(to Vitti) It's a miracle you survived.
I thank God. Yeah, thank God.
Bingo.
He's my favorite.
Whatever makes you comfortable.
I'm helping out my friend.
He's a powerful guy.
You -- you -- you -- you have a gift, my friend.
Thank you.
'Cause I bet there's all kinds of cool video stuff over there.
They embrace.
I know so many couples that were really happy, then they got married and just completely lost interest in each other.
Yes, I'm brimming with passion.
I'm up to here with passion.
Oh my God! Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Vitti is in bed making love to his mistress, SHEILA, a pretty woman in her late 20s.
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
Whatever you did the other day, it didn't take.
The whole time we were growing up, he was the smart guy; I was the dope.
Handsome Jack and Potatoes nod their agreement.
are clapping.
(to Michael) We're having fun, right?
I'm not having as much fun as it looks like I am.
(a tad too excited) Here comes the whale again!
Nice to meet you.
Okay, babe.
(hugs him) Have fun at the pool.
Nice family.
Everybody loved him, God rest his soul.
Close?
Laura's family, the MacNamaras, and a few close friends have gathered for the rehearsal dinner.
Well, isn't this wonderful, all of us finally getting to spend some time together.
Great.
Laura stares.
(to Ben) Okay, listen.
This is what I'm paying you for?
The sun shines brightly on the wedding day.
Tino, the hitman, arrives and saunters into the hotel.
Sounds good.
The guests are seated, Ben and Michael stand with the justice of the peace as Scott walks Laura down the aisle.
Scott shakes Ben's hand.
(quietly, to Ben) Nod your head and smile.
Now, you listen to me, goombah.
Nod and smile.
Tino gets off a couple of wild SHOTS, but Jelly finally shakes the GUN loose from Tino's hand.
The ceremony is in progress.
If any man here knows why these two people should not be joined in holy matrimony, let him speak now or forever hold his peace.
It's a wedding gift.
Next Saturday.
This is better than the fountain!
But -- Go! Fine.
I can hear better in there anyway.
That was a gift to celebrate the completion of his therapy.
You, know, I always wanted to be great, but then I realized that I might have to settle for just being good enough.
Vitti kneels next to him and sobs loudly.
We grew up together.
Good scene.
A mourner walks up to Vitti, bows his head in respect and kisses Vitti on both cheeks.
Vitti gives him a consoling pat on the shoulder, then the man kisses Ben and walks off.
An older woman kisses Vitti's hand, then both his cheeks.
Vitti whispers a few words to her, then she kisses Ben's hand and moves on.
More old ladies kiss their hands as they walk by.
A man comes up to Vitti, kisses him on both cheeks, embraces him with excessive energy, then repeats the whole scene with Ben and exits.
In my dream, I'm bringing the baby the black milk.
Is he still alive?
Yes, he's still alive.
Interesting name.
Hey! What's the big secret?
Right at that table.
That is not a little thing!
That was our friend.
They looked too good for a busboy.
That's the life he chose.
World's strongest man.
You don't want him to grow up the way you did -- without a father.
He's alive -- in you.
Progress, right?
Now he wants me to say things when we're making love.
Break out the wine, baby.
No, I'm great.
Never felt better in my life.
The sun is shining.
Vitti smiles.
It's good to see so many of the old faces here, and to welcome the new ones from all over the country.
Vitti and Ben relax.
It's a beautiful summer day.
Your mother may never be able to listen to you, but you have friends here who will.
Ben is proud of Vitti's new sensitivity.
Ben and Laura are dancing in the yard.
A great TONY BENNETT SONG can be heard playing.
Happy?
They kiss as the SONG ENDS.
If it makes him happy, he can have it.
Great.
It's the difference between a baby sitter and a parent.
We used to be good.
You're running good, buddy.
I'm good.
I'm good.
Yes, your Honor, she is.
Your daughter.
Yes, I do, Your Honor.
Your Honor, Leo told me he wants to live at home.
But they have an excellent elder care facility in Mr. Poplar's town.
Good.
I'm gonna help you get settled into a new place to live right here in town.
I don't need a new place.
I'm not fancy that way.
He's kind of a sweet kid but what's up with hair?
Everyone watch because none of you are doing it right.
Let's go ladies!
Look at this way, you're helping out the old man and this kid's a little bonus for doing the right thing.
Good for you.
Promise.
I'm not hung over today!
Hey honey.
I'm good.
Thanks.
And he's good to wrestle.
Great.
My brother!
Yeah, so we can see your man strength.
Good one, Coach!
See, it's already fun.
Let's go! Circle up! Alright.
Respect that.
She doesn't even know us! Yeah, well I think she heard that I'm a lawyer and I have a family and that was good enough.
But I'm glad I'm not wrestling today.
Sweet Lord.
I'm pretty sure I'm ready.
I'm ready Coach.
No. It's gonna be fine.
With that win, we're up by five.
Good job, Ter.
Good.
If he's Darth Vader then you're the Secret Apprentice.
Do you?! Good!
Hey, I'm proud of what you did today.
That's good.
He loves wrestling so much.
He's a really sweet kid.
Our girls love him.
And we've loved having him.
Thanks.
That's great.
Good.
That's great.
Great, Ter.
Thanks.
She moving in this morning.
Better.
So how can I help?
Look, we're all concerned with what's best for Leo so I'm hoping we can settle this in an amicable way.
He wanted the town park dedicated in his name.
Please what?
That's good.
They opened their kimono and you made them eat the trade.
Atlantic City here we come, baby.
One more win and we are going to the states.
Well we should take a drive, your mom can stay with the kids.
Stay calm?
Mike! Calm down.
silly.
Hey folks, listen up! Watch out for each other.
Please.
For the baby shower.
I love kids.
Do you still love me?
You better come with me.
And he's not exactly game-ready as you can see... Yeah.
Good.
Clean.
A perennial favorite.
Sleep is for the blessed.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
I'm good.
I fell in love.
I want you to be happy.
I had a lovely correspondence going with Jocelyn Steinberg in Utica.
Thank you.
`You got the time, so you may as well have done the crime!' Now that's funny, Henry.
It's easier to live in here.
I'm living the life.
I'll buy you a cup of coffee on the outside.
I'm good.
Great.
Good.
Thank you.
About building your life from the ground up.
Sounds good.
Thanks.
Good.
Thanks.
I'm happy here.
Whatever you want to call it, I'm happy here.
Great to see you, kid.
I want to dance and clap my hands!
I love it deeply.
But...I must drink my coffee...thank you Firs, thank you, you dear old man.
I'm so glad to find you still alive.
To listen is to be strong.
Now go drink coffee.
I'll go drink coffee.
I'll go drink coffee too!
(to his Eastern European Olga! Coffee.
Coffee for everyone.
Coffee, Pierre.
It's funny.
Actors on a tree is funny?
Good afternoon, Mr. Saltzman.
You're free.
I promise.
Thanks.
The land of milk and honey.
Are you dreaming, Henry?
That's sweet, kid.
First things first.
Thank you.
It's peaceful out here.
Is it fun?
The magic before the magic!
The good old days.
The Cherry Orchard.
(leafing through it) So what happens?
Is it funny?
A woman returns to her family estate in the Russian countryside and realizes she has no choice but to sell her beloved Cherry Orchard, the magical place of her youth, the only place she ever felt safe.
That was great!
This place is full of treasures.
Thank you, Julie.
And thank you, Simon.
First things first.
Rainbow bridge.
What's so funny?
That's funny?
Funny sad, not funny funny.
See, that's funny.
Ha! There's a tunnel.
Thank you.
I want to dance and clap my hands.
I love it deeply.
You're as wonderful as ever....' Read the next line!
I'm glad I ran you over.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning, Max.
We brought breakfast.
For me it's a win-win situation.
I like it out here.
But can you give me a ride?
After the dark, stormy autumn and the winter frosts you are young again and full of happiness; the heavenly angels have never abandoned you... Oh, if only I could be free of the stone that weighs me down!
It's mamma walking in the orchard...in a white dress!
(laughing with joy) There she is.
A man who's not afraid to create a new life.
A man who's in love with her!
Good morning, everyone!
A man who's not afraid to create a new life and put his past behind him.
A man who's in love with you...Madame Ranevsky.
Can you get him in to see Darek?
You made this happen, didn't you?
Sometimes a good guy needs a less good guy to help the good guy be good.
He can say whatever he likes.
Good God in Heaven.
I love you...like a sister...more than a sister.
Yes! Good.
Good?
Be more good.
Things have certainly gotten a lot more interesting since you showed up.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Looking forward.
Thanks for meeting us.
It's going to be incredible.
I'm talking, Florida... Palm trees.
Why couldn't I have met her after?
I asked her to meet me.
That's why they call it life.
Your new partner.
Relax, old man.
The girl -- Now listen, Henry.
Not a cloud in the sky.
You're a good man, Henry.
Thank you.
In this `American dream' of ours, everyone is happy and smiling, they have achieved their objectives...and yet in life there is only change, upheaval, the birth of the new...and that birth is painful.
Thanks.
But over there they call it coffee.
This is the only way you'll listen to me.
No, I'm perfectly happy here.
Meet him in Moscow!
He loves her.
You can see the ocean.
Who helped you?
Happy and Doc -- You know what you are Vibes?
Hey Mom!
Mom moves to the living room to greet William's sister.
She is an alluring young Natalie Wood, with a suspicious and sunny smile.
William stands in the doorway now, watching, monitoring, as Mom moves closer to his sister.
You've been kissing.
Simon and Garfunkel is poetry!
Yes it's poetry.
ELAINE (cont'd) ... honey, they're on First it was butter, then sugar and white flour.
Eggs, bologna, rock and roll, motorcycles.
A heavy quiet.
New sounds come from way down deep inside.
So you skipped fifth grade.
Adolescence is a marketing tool.
You're just going to have to shine it on for a while.
She is raw and sincere... and yes, inspiring: Who needs a "crowd?"
You're two years ahead of everybody.
Follow your dream!
Your own great grandfather practiced law until he was 93.
Your dad was so proud of you.
He knew you were a What about me? (heartbroken, can't help herself) You're rebellious and ungrateful of my love.
The song continues playing on the stereo.
(Their house is more austere, less "fun" than the other front lawns.)
Take good care of her in San Francisco, man.
She focuses on William, placing her hands on his young shoulders.
One day you'll be cool.
He flips through the amazing, subversive cache of music.
Cream's the seminal Bob Dylan bootleg the Rolling Stones' The Beach Boys' by Santana... Jethro Tull's The Mother's of Invention's Crosby, Stills and Nash... Miles Davis' and The Who's with a note taped to it.
You're Go to the top of the ramp with the girls!
William stands there for a moment.
William inches into the realm of the girls at the top of the ramp.
Estrella turns to the kid with great disinterest.
We support the We the music.
Journalist Friend, meet Estrella Starr, and Polexia Aphrodisia.
Ozzy!!! Tony!!! It's us!!
(peering into purse) I'm really happy he's doing so well.
(looking in purse) Nobody -- he's so sweet.
To go between good and great?
He joins the clacking sea of legs moving down the ramp.
(quick study) Right.
We should be friends.
Standing in the supercharged hallway, the kid is anxious to introduce his new friends.
(stepping into view) Pleasure.
Penny Lane! God's gift to rock and roll!! You're back! (privately) Marc Bolan.
Cheers rise.
The kid follows.
Applause.
It is his favorite moment of the evening, the highlight of his job.
Please welcome -- (importantly) Light hits the stage, and the band launches into their opening song, "If You Say Nothing."
Shot lingers on the face of William as he soaks in the most undeniably exciting moment of any concert, the first thirty seconds.
Russell looks over to Penny and William, at stage right, grinning, pretending to trip on his cord, an elegant show-off move of a musician who is now where he belongs... before seriously stepping forward for the first guitar lead of the night.
The kid looks over to see Penny watching Russell.
Russell joins Jeff, exiting and laughing.
A good show is still in the air.
William is deliriously happy, hands upraised.
(calming him) Hey.
She smiles privately.
Elsewhere in the arena, Black Sabbath is performing "Sweet Leaf."
A felt-tip pen is still in his quivering hand.
And Bonzo's gotta new motorcycle in the hotel!
Inside, a band party in full swing.
Russell Hammond is the center of this party, jabbing out the chords, playing along on guitar.
Much singing echoes all around.
She does a flawless stewardess imitation, with proper hand gestures, to a loud party ovation.
She is instantly and overwhelmingly, the life of this party.
Russell joins William.
(happy to be there) Alright.
Russell places a beer in William's hands, and exits.
She'll eat him alive.
Russell follows a moment later.
I grow it.
I grow it.
You're funny.
Good point.
Jeff appears with her beer, and she whispers in the kid's ear before she exits with Jeff Bebe.
POLEXIA (cont'd) Bless me father for I may sin tonight.
The kid watches, as the boom box plays an obscure favorite of Russell's, Eddie Giles' "Losin' Boy."
You're too talented and too good-looking to be trusted and everybody knows it.
(smiling, loves it) You're retired like Frank Sinatra is retired.
Darling Bus.
Music continues.
William watches, his private heart pounds.
His mood is in the air.
I want to interview everyone separately... and I felt we'd start with you and me.
Because I've got a thing in a couple days.
You're here interviewing Good point.
Laughs from everybody listening nearby.
It's a good line.
My bio says I graduated.
The end of the Led Zeppelin classic "Whole Lotta Love" plays from the bus stereo, full blast.
They sing at full-volume.
ZEPPELIN/ALL (cont'd) "Loooooooooooooooooooooooovvve... " John Bonham's drums thunder through the bus, everybody still singing as they dip down into the city ahead, Phoenix.
He gives key and a stack of messages to Russell, and turns to William who he makes feel more important.
He offers one back, as laughs are stifled throughout the room.
The dong is called "Love Thing."
"Love Thing" takes over, as Quince swivels in the chair.
Adrenalized laughter.
This! Us! Right now!!
radio plays Free's "Fire and Water" in the b.g.
(can't help herself) You should be really proud of him.
(very professional) Now that you're starting to be successful, you had twenty-six years to write your first Album... and you'll have maybe for the second.
They regard her, well out of earshot of the others.
I trust you.
And... some of the people you meet on the road are really amazing people...
They both watch Penny Lane, sparkling, fresh from the pool.
She places hotel furniture into the shallow end and inviting all, even other curious hotel guests, to join them in the pool.
He untangles the first fresh shirt, and displays it proudly.
And they will Shirts gone, band happy.
You LOVE this shirt - it lets you say everything you want to say.
That's the dynamic we agreed on -- Page, Plant... Mick, Keith.
Deal with it!
Russell walks swiftly past a happy silver-haired man, who holds court with beer in hand.
Meet Deirdre.
Thanks.
Plus - (immediately) Okay, that's good.
It's good to talk about it.
In the bedroom, Sapphire, Polexia and Penny watch Special.
If you go to Cleveland, Bowie's going to be there at Swingo's, the greatest hotel in America.
Boy, if this was the real world and some guy talked to me like that - Let me finish.
Estrella and Polexia kiss each other playfully.
Across the room, Penny laughs, turns up the TV, blows him a kiss.
She turns away, smiling, disappears into the next room.
Sapphire, Estrella, and Polexia girltalk about their first rock and roll conquests.
He is surrounded by the fallen cavalry of the night before... Sapphire and Polexia.
Ben Fong-Torres is up bright and early.
I'm getting good stuff out here.
We need this story in four days.
It's a think-piece about a mid-level band grappling with their limitations in the face of the harsh glare of success.
He strides the room with the joyful enthusiasm of a kid who wants to build a fort.
Russell watches, dismissive, holding his guitar.
Respectfully.
Russell looks at his hand.
Doris is the soul of this band!
The band agrees.
You're making it -- -- -- He gestures to infinity.
He laughs.
It's fun.
And you've got to do it The band squirms, but listens.
William watches their body language.
William watches as the band stands inside the new plane.
William watches as Russell reclines.
Reprise ending of Whole Lotta Love.
Hey! Welcome to the Road Crew Poker Party.
Ric! It's Super Zeppelin fan Ric Nunez.
They're partying up there right now.
Leslie, this is our wayward friend from Stone.
Congratulations.
We'll finish the story here.
The famous hub of New York rock and roll.
A strong whiff of decadence mixes with youthful naivete.
Ah ha!
People like us, do they love us?
Over Jeff's head, Penny hangs nearby, at the outskirts, drinking and dancing.
We're gonna do our best to getcha out of this.
The sky darkens abruptly.
RUSSELL (cont'd) Wooooooo Baby!
The plane screwballs through the sky.
I love you all too, and you're my family.
(to Jeff) And you say you "love me." (the truth) I don't love you, man.
Please.
NONE of us love you.
And I'm still in love with you Leslie.
(to Russell) By the way, he has you on acid, screaming "I Am A Golden God" from a fan's rooftop.
(still back at "Golden God") I didn't say "Golden God."
William is still being congratulated by his new peers.
Their congratulations stop on a dime.
(shrugs, he's learned to live with it) If you didn't make your story up, good for you.
Powerful word.
Well - you can do what the big boys do.
Can you clean?
Clean?
Clean!
Minny my best friend.
Aibileen, the girls are pulling up, and the table isn't set!
Hey, girls!
Looks like a walking Christmas present with all them bows.
Hey, girls.
Thank you, Aibileen.
Did y'all see the cover of "Life" this week?
But, it would be nice.
I'll do whatever it takes to protect our town.
Oh, who cares, honey.
Watch my hair.
Thank you, Aibileen.
That reminds me so much of my maid growing up.
Constantine and me...were in church circle together.
She loved me like you love Mae Mobley.
Tomorrow is silver polishing day, so y'all make it quick, okay?
Much better.
Your daddy bought me this dress in `58.
I'm proud of you, Sweetheart.
Givin' advice on how to keep up a home when she... Oh! No, Pascagolua!
They have a special root tea now.
Ah...well, Constantine went to live with her family.
Have fun at the dance, Skeeter Legs.
You've grown another inch since breakfast.
Sunny skies and a high of ninety- eight today with ninety-nine percent humidity.
I've seen how simple it can be and...well, how complex it can be, too...between the families and the help.
There is both undisguised hate for white women and an inexplicable love, but nobody ever talks about it down here.
So, yes, their side of the story.
Then let it set in the sun a bit.
Everthing's fine.
Thank you for telling me that.
No! Be right there, Baby Girl.
You look nice, Aibileen.
Thank you.
I think we're both doing great.
It keep life going.
Writing it down make it more powerful.
The best part of a person's life.
But he'd like we's doing this.
My first white baby to ever look after was named Alton Carrington Speers.
I loved that baby, and he loved me.
Johnny's momma wouldn't let me decorate a thing.
My cousin live there.
Let's go meet Oscar!
The pool house has two more beds and baths.
I work Sunday through Friday.
On a Saturday night?
Momma, God doesn't care what day of the week it is.
You white.
You two givin' me the heart palpitations.
And that was a good mood.
Belzoni, Mississippi on my great- auntie's sofa.
Now, I ain't had no paid vacation in my life.
That's just so sweet of Hilly.
I'm a good mother.
Thanks, Constantine.
Do you think this dress is cute?
Thanks, Pascagoula.
She was a mighty fine woman.
He's meeting me at Hilly's.
Remember to smile!
I love you!
He looks handsome.
Honey, you're beautiful.
We still love him.
The money's good.
We'd love your support on election day!
Hilly, you look lovely tonight.
Thank you, Johnny.
Nice to meet you.
I have a lovely hand if you need invitations addressed.
A kiss from God couldn't turn this `frog' into a `prince.'
Aibileen, we gave that scraper to Hilly and William for their wedding present.
Aibileen, are you enjoying your new bathroom over at Elizabeth's?
Nice to have your own, isn't it?
Yes, ma'am...And I thank you.
Welcome.
Can't go more than ten minutes without givin' one a kiss.
And, law, do they love her back.
When she starts up on me, I just try and think a my sweet Treelore and how much he loved me.
It's worthwhile what y'all doing, but my boys are worth more.
Thanks, Hilly!
And thanks for going through my things.
Well, I haven't.
Naw, thank ya. I'll be fine...Law, I hope this ain't as bad as- Aibileen!
Much love, Stuart.
Happy Birthday!
Please!
I'll ask daddy to get her a good lawyer.
I'm on help too.
Thank you.
But, I love her.
She love me too.
You know the nicest thing a white woman's ever done for me?
Well, happy birthday, Aibileen.
Happy Birthday.
Love Alton.
Morning, Mom.
Great!
"Bird in the hand," Eugenia.
Hand... (under the covers.)
Chirp.
Chirp.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Love you.
You look gorgeous.
Those are lovely dresses.
You're just perfect.
Everybody enjoying their dinner?
Let's give a nice round of applause for all the men and women that have helped make tonight possible.
Woo-hoo!
I'm surprised to see you here.
Now, on to the baked goods.
Oh, yum! Yum!
The highest bid in baked goods goes to Minny Jackson's chocolate pie.
Congratulations, Hilly Holbrook!
Well, wasn't that sweet.
Congratulations, Hilly!
That big-boobed lady Momma works for was drunker than an Injun on payday.
I spent good money on this.
The way Hilly looked at me.
Thank you.
Hey, Honey.
That woman did you the biggest favor of your life.
We finally found the address of her daughter in Chicago...so we sent Carlton up there to go get Constantine.
Constantine's story finally made it in our book.
Minny got so excited she burnt up a skillet of chicken.
I wanted to say "thank you."
Who taught you to cook like this? Corn bread's happy now.
Are you happy, Minny?
A course I's happy.
You happy too.
Big house, big yard, good husband.
You don't look cute that way.
A new book by an anonymous author.
Look how cute that dress is.
The book is dedicated to C and T. If you're out there C and T, we'd love to have you on the show because Niceville sounds like Jackson, if you ask me.
I know I personally treat my help like family, and every one of my friends does the same.
Bertha, if you're listening, I have a new found respect for what you do.
Do not buy this book!
She better read it quick and start the "this ain't Jackson crusade."
Finally, I meet Minny Jackson... What the hell are you doin'?! Please don't hurt me!
My babies are in the house.
Calm down, girl.
You saved her life.
Well, I know the day you came to our house, she started getting better.
Get me a new plate.
Honey, we clappin' for you.
Aibileen, this is an important time for you and our church.
Tell her we love her like family.
He readin' our book.
It's beautiful.
Congratulations!
I set out to write a book to make white people thankful.
A reason we can wrap our heads around and be proud of... Now, I don't mean to rub salt in your wound, but...you ain't got a good life here in Jackson.
He's the best libel attorney in Mississippi.
And your friend, Minny?
That nigra's got a nice surprise coming to her.
I gots to, Baby.
That's right, Baby Girl.
Don't go! Mae Mobley was my last baby.
Calvin's a great guy, but he's a little, you know... Nutty.
Likes to cook.
Oh, hi! Welcome!
(with arms spread) Home sweet home!
According to Caltech, this Webber guy was a bonafide genius and a borderline nutcase.
Good god.
Feeling better?
Your favorite!
(leaving) No, Calvin, you're favorite.
Temperature's a nice 73 degrees.
You have tranquilizers?
I miss those nice flower-power kids.
Haben sie etuas nettes in leder?! (marveling) You know, you have a wonderful sense of humor, son!
These are wonderful.
Get the presents and do the lights.
Thank you, Mom! Thanks, Dad! Blow out the candles!
Well, we did in my family!
I'm very hopeful.
(ardently) Me, too.
I come in peace!! My, gosh...
You got a light, honey?
Good.
So...you...survived the blast, did you?
Honey, I have survived a host of things.
Like the song says: "A country boy can survive!"
Yes, yes, the song.
Others are...cover your ears, Son, and hum.
Well, I am the head of this household-- I want him to at least see the sky! --and we will-- And the ocean!
Dad! Oh, no! Oh, my goodness!
(patting his cheek) You're my brave boy.
Oh, my holy stars!
Good!
(holding her heart) Thank you, Calvin.
Good afternoon!
Thank-Q! (jumping up) Driver!
For the love of God! Let him off the bus!! Can't you see he's meshugina!
Thank you, driver!
Good-bye, everyone!
Is that a birthday cake?! Yes, it is.
(to himself) My first mutants.
Help you?
The birthday candles!
Well, that's great then!
Gladly.
That is so great!! Man alive!
I see what ya mean.
Oh, that would be wonderful!
It was amazing.
Thanks.
I'm not taking you there, Sweetie.
Yeah! Listen to this part.
That was...wonderful!
Thank you.
Your father is a smart guy.
My father is a genius.
Well...good night.
Good night!
See, ya.
What's the pay?
What's fair?
Thank you.
Well, this is going to sound a little crazy.
It didn't used to be that way.
And who's this interesting looking fellow?
I do fine, Adam.
Well, I better get going!
Nice coat!
Well, thank you!
Fresh sea urchin wrapped in seaweed.
I love sushi.
I love Lucy!
One champagne cocktail.
Thank-Q!
Oh, yes.
Give me your hand.
The only way in or out of your place is by plane and... you've definitely come down here for food and supplies and... to find a wife!
Good for you.
He has great pants.
Amazing.
(then, to Adam) Go skate out on the bike path!
(then watching the rain hit the palm of his hand) You know, my father -- who is a scientist -- says that everything is a miracle.
Thank Q, Eve!
What?! Ladies first, Troy!
That was close.
Please!
(swigging her drink) Yeah, sweet.
That's a nice way of putting it.
Ah-ha!
At the hors d'oeuvres table!
Looks like a healthy non-mutant to me.
And funny.
Thank you, my friends.
ADAM (cont'd) By the way, that's a great play.
(to himself) Surprising and funny.
Oh, now, that's a great one!
(big smile) You like it?
(a little clap) Bravo!
Thank-Q!
This is my new friend... I'm Adam Webber.
He's funny!
You dance?
I took a dance lesson everyday of my life until a couple of days ago.
My mom taught me.
And a lovely one!
Shall we dance?
Is that your girl friend?
And thank you both very much for the dance.
You wanted to see me! You're not from Alaska! Where'd you learn to dance like that?!
(deeply insecure) Well, good night, everyone.
But who's not a slut these days?
I'm not the one who's in love with the guy.
And I don't fall in love with grown men who collect baseball cards!! Uh, yes, you do.
Or have perfect table manners.
And he said that good manners are a way we have of showing other people that we respect them.
Thanks to you, my heart is in my neck!
Well, you had better!! Wait a minute.
Thanks.
There's a song Mister Como sings called "On the Street Where You Live."
I thank you very much for the invitation, but I'm quite busy today.
It's the best thing.
The best thing for you.
I promise.
Oh, no! What?! Oh, my God! He'll catch him.
That's the key thing.
The key to my hotel room!
That's the key thing.
(putting her head in her hand) Good God...you don't think there really is a bomb shelter, do you?
And this nice man... Archbishop Melker.
...and his church group have volunteered to help us bring the supplies down.
My goodness!
(indicating merchandise) Believe me, all the really good stuff is right here.
Thank you.
Look, I just wanted to thank you for everything you did for me...and I wanted to tell you that I...uh...that I wish so many good things for you.
I've heard so many wonderful things about you.
You have more than enough of everything.
They are wonderful parents.
Oh, yes! Please, don't mention the Communists!
A toast!
It's like the Garden of Eden, don't you think?
It's truly amazing what you can get done when you have unlimited funds.
It's a wonderful thing to have so many devoted friends.
Hey - there's our award winning scholar.
Thank you, Mrs. Carlson.
That's Ben's graduation present.
Helpingham! Right!
Proud, proud, proud, proud, proud.
There is a great future in plastics.
That's a deal.
Fine, thank you.
(as she passes the Wonderful party.
Thank you.
Would you mind walking ahead of me to the sun porch.
Please.
I was glad to do it.
You put on music, now you start opening up your personal life to me and tell me your husband won't be home for hours.
Now finish your drink.
Finish your drink.
Well, goodnight.
Won't you unzip my dress?
Thank you.
Let's have a nightcap together.
Thank you.
I've watched you grow up, Ben.
Thank you.
Have a good time while he can.
You have yourself a few flings this summer.
Oh say - Elaine gets down from Berkeley on Saturday.
Oh yes.
Great.
Thank you for taking me home.
The Singleman party, sir?
Oh - yes.
The Singleman party.
Ahh - thank you.
MISS DeWITTE I've enjoyed meeting you, Mr. Braniff.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Well - I don't.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Well - goodnight.
Goodnight, sir.
Thank you.
Oh - yes.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
It is your first time.
That's a laugh, Mrs. Robinson.
Ha ha.
I think it's a very good thing that a young man - after he's done some very good work - should have a chance to relax and enjoy himself, and lie around, and drink beer and so on.
Well this is your business, Benjamin.
Goodnight, Benjamin.
Well, I don't.
Please.
(she exits) Goodnight.
Please.
Good.
That's a good subject.
You're not interested in art?
I ate breakfast and went shopping.
On New Year's Eve.
Man, is this interesting.
So you wouldn't say you loved him.
Well I can't.
Now let's get to bed.
That's great!
Well why don't you?
(smiling at him) That's all right.
I enjoy it!
I look forward to it.
Please.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Look - The Veranda Room - right there.
Good evening.
Good evening, Mr. Gladstone.
Good evening, sir.
You're the first - you're the first thing for so long that I've liked.
I'm glad.
Oh, Ben - this is so - exciting - Come on, let's call the Robinsons.
I hope -- (over) Mr. and Mrs. G. L. Robinson take great pleasure in announcing the wedding of their daughter... (over) Honey - I'm home.
(over) Oh, they're having a wonderful time - spending the day at Mother's - she's teaching them to... (over) Dear Mom and Dad.
Life among these wonderful natives... (over) Do you, Benjamin Braddock take this woman, Mrs. Robinson, for your Mother-in-law, to love, cherish and... (over) Benjamin - you and Elaine have made such a wonderful marriage.
I often laugh when I remember those nights at the Taft.
Hey - what a surprise.
Glad to meet you, Ben.
Great meeting you, Carl.
Have a good time.
Elaine - I love you.
She said she was having a drink in the hotel with a friend.
Good God!
It's a good day for it.
Thank you.
I love your daughter, sir.
He lives at Gamma Delta Tau.
You going to the wedding?
Give the bride a message for me.
Thank you.
THE DISTINGUISHED GENTLEMAN - Rev. 4/3/92 2. Palm trees.
A big crowd of GUESTS at a cocktail reception.
A lot of lime jackets, cherry trousers, and blue hair.
He speaks in a That's a diet ginger ale, an extra- spicy virgin mary no salt, a club soda -- good choice -- a lime rickey, and a bourbon and a planter's punch.
Her looks attract looks.
He LAUGHS HUGELY, rather amused with himself.
Do not make me laugh!
(extending a hand) Hello, darling, Alma Preston, how are you today?
A pleased smile from Debbie.
Um, that's a lovely ring.
It's not gaudy, it's just...nice and big.
I'd like you to listen to his view on health insurance.
I'd be very happy to.
14 APPLAUSE (O.S.).
So you'd better fork over... How big is this... reward?
(nothing) For a Sultry Swedish Love Goddess, press "three" now... Bingo!
He's one of my best customers.
Make me proud of you, Tommy.
Make me proud of the name you carry.
This better be good.
(sarcastic mimic) "This better be good."
(edges toward door) Don't worry ma'am... your materials will be in good hands.
The Sarasota Star-Ledger?
(brightening) Ya, this is Inga.
We're not going to show you Jeff Johnson kissing babies.
A STEEL DRUM BAND plays "Happy Days Are Here Again."
Give yourself a round of applause.
I've never been so proud in all my life.
(APPLAUSE and CHEERS) The promised land.
Nice wing tips.
Thank you.
Thank god there's been a coup in Uruguay.
Hey... thank you... nice to see you... hope you can make it to my reception.
Say, could I host a little welcome- to-Washington thing for you down at my law firm?
Tonight we unite the two great pillars of our system -- political and financial.
It's an honor to meet you, sir.
Well... of course... it's a chance to do something for my country.
How are you on this helluva fine day!
I'm looking forward to your reception.
It's good for both of us, Ken.
So help you God?
Congratulations.
Is this good news?
I just want you to smile for the cameras.
You should be one happy freshman.
Well, I'm not.
Pleased to meet you, Barclay.
Please.
Damned fine to meet you.
Please.
What's up, man? (whispering) Sweet Sue.
Hey, how you folks doin', good to see you, Van Dyke making you comfortable?
(overlapping) School lunches.
You're in excellent hands, kids.
Power photos on the wall.
Thank you, Tommy.
I love you too.
A lot of the frozen pizzas use phony cheese.
Excellent!
(laughing in admiration) A pepperoni lobby.
I love this town.
That's the genius of the system!
Thank you.
Listen, I know why he was calling -- he hasn't heard from you about his fundraiser... ... That's right, Mr. Brown, on the thirtieth...
He'll be so happy to hear it.
Thank you so much.
Say, the congressman's going to be out your way next week... Palm Springs, the Bob Hope Classic -- yes, a celebrity player.
I mean, didn't the Merton Act cover most of this? (surprised) Hmmm, that's an excellent point.
ON TOMMY AND DODGE enjoying champagne and hors d'oeuvres.
Looking good!
How can I help you folks today!
Ten grand from their PAC, plus Christmas in Aspen.
You got to dance with the girl that brung you, son.
Yeah, well, then it's thanks for the memories, and on to the next gig.
You have a real knack for this town, but you have the soul of a two-bit hustler.
Listen to me, Tommy.
If you don't fuck up, you can be here, raking it in, for life.
Life, Johnson.
Then a big smile.
(smiles) I knew you had it in you.
Thank you.
Loretta comes out and extends a hand.
Go on over and listen to the great debates of our day?
Look what I won! Must be that new racket.
Cheers.
I'll say this: if I were Speaker, I'd sleep better with you as a lieutenant.
It's great to get your name in the paper.
Zeke you're looking well, good to see you.
Glad to meet you, son.
Good to meet you.
He hands Tommy a couple of drinks.
(to Zeke) Chivas on the rocks?
Truth is, there's a bigger electromagnetic field given off by an electric blanket, or a microwave oven, than by those derricks.
Easy.
-- raises a big wooden mallet, and SMASHES it on the crab, smiling.
Well, as I live and breathe.
She flashes a smile at Marshall.
Pleasure to meet you.
You kids have a good time.
The good Samaritan.
Good night, y'all.
Now we've already got the Bankruptcy Institute breakfast tomorrow, but if you don't mind we could wedge in the Prune Board -- This isn't what Tommy wants to be doing now.
Thanks, I'll walk.
Marshall and Loretta are singing.
MARSHALL and LORETTA "Amazing grace, how sweet the sound, that saved a wretch like me -- " Tommy is on foot.
Please!
Tommy, smiling, calculates something for a moment, then gives the deck four shuffles.
Your deal.
It has the four kings.
Mickey WHISTLES at the hand.
She turns over her own hand.
Her face opens into a big smile.
Something very important.
Thursday morning Dodge has a breakfast with the Arts Caucus in the Longworth Room.
Tommy looks at his watch.
I'd feel better if you were there.
A tourist Family stares at him.
He explains his haste with a smile -- There's a vote on the floor.
He now sports a gold Rolex on his wrist -- his horse must have come in.
(listens) Thank you, I'll put you right through.
(listens) Thank you.
I was looking forward to some serious sailing this week -- Tish and I have a lovely spot right by Kennebunkport.
Thanks for your candor, Warburton.
Cheers.
They're going to serve us up for breakfast.
And in return for it, he's getting -- Good government.
(vastly impressed) Excellent.
They join up with Andersen and O'Connor.
Tommy looks at his watch.
No, I don't trust them the way I trust you.
A good turnout, with several camera crews.
Dick, I thought it might be a nice way to open if I congratulated you on the fine work you been doin' on this committee.
Why, thank you, son.
LAUGHTER and APPLAUSE.
This place is an outhouse!
GASPS, WHOOPS, and APPLAUSE.
A fresh BUZZ from the room.
LAUGHTER and APPLAUSE.
GRANDMA leaps to her feet.
The Man in the next bed joins in.
Several Members on the dais join the applause, seeing a winning issue.
I'm gonna found me a new party.
The Don't Vote For Me Party.
Loretta AND GRANDMA watch Tommy bask in his new notoriety.
That Miss Oprah's gonna love his ass.
Then a big smile.
They kiss.
Don't you remember, he was up at the Corral one night when we were there... he's a good dancer.
He's a good dancer.
Yes, it's fresh!
Good morning, I represent the Superior Aluminum Siding Company.
It's good...
(to BB) Did you get the new Cadillac?
No, I'm up to here with the coffee.
(beat) You know what would be fun to do..? Let's try the Life Magazine routine.
(smiles) Yeah.
That would be wonderful.
Honey, we're gonna be in Life Magazine.
'Cos if my crew can work on Saturday next, that'll free my guys up on Monday.
You have much greater insulation.
Hey, give my best to your little son... wonderful kid there.
Well, good night.
I was this close.
'Tall and tan and young and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking, and when she passes each one she passes goes... "Ah!"' Forty-six hundred dollars.
Pleasure doing business with ya.
If we went on a picnic... it would be fun.
Yes... it's nice to do that.
Why is that fun?
It's just as much fun eating in front of the TV, and we do that together, don't we?
You want to get in good with these people... you want to win their confidence?
Guy looks back, pick it up, hand it to him and say, 'Mr.
I can't believe they spend all that time and energy to write to me... to single me out.
You got a cup of coffee?
The buzzard had a great gimmick.
(laughs) I never did that...
I was never very good in arts and crafts.
What else? Give me another story ... these stories are great!
Fantastic, Sam!
We ought to go and celebrate.
Holy God! Sixteen years?
The place is hopping.
There used to be a time you met a girl, you courted and then you got married and lived happily ever after.
(beat; he looks at Moe and laughs) So much for relationships.
Wing, give me a minute to get a cup of coffee here.
They don't make our job easy, Tilley.
(lamenting) Wing, it was such a beautiful thing... you shoulda seen how I worked.
It was my best... my best!
There's no fucking justice in this world... there ain't no justice.
(laughing) I got it...
(laughs) Hand to the forehead!
Hand to the forehead!
Come on... come on... come on, baby... come on, baby!
(smiling) Way to go... Southern Belle.
(smiles) Very nice!
Well, I'm glad you did.
She gives BB a kiss on the phone.
Mouse, figure it out, will ya?
(to Nora) It's for the best.
Come on, Beeb, let's dance.
Not tonight, Ruthie, my dancing shoes are on holiday.
Who was the best you ever saw?
Moe's the best... the best there ever was.
Stanely wants to get back to the topic of best tin man.
Great man, Moe.
Great man.
Yeah, it's better.
Tilley walks over to the night table, opens the drawer and pulls out a revolver.
I'm gonna make it easy for you.
He storms out of the coffee shop with Sam.
(to Waitress) So, I'm having French toast and coffee.
Moe smiles.
The other night at the Corral Club, I turned down a dance.
You turned down a dance?
A lot of good times, but I can't live off the good times.
You get there in the morning, you come home at night... you get health benefits...
(beat) Moe, you're the best tin man there ever was.
Ya never hear Little Joe say 'Hey, Hoss, I went into Virginia City and saw a girl with the greatest ass I ever saw in my life.' Ya just see 'em walking around the Ponderosa saying, 'Yes, Pa,' and 'Where's Little Joe?' Nothing about broads.
Amen.
In the b.g.
Cheese wanders over to him.
Sam smiles.
BB and Nora are dancing in the b.g.
I'm glad this is working out.
You really happy?
You don't really show a great deal of exuberance.
Honey, for me... I'm a parade.
There's just a couple of things you didn't throw out of the house ... a couple of things I didn't find in the drawer.
I did a pretty good house cleaning number on you.
(yelling to her) It's for your own benefit, and you'll thank me for it.
My benefit!
We've got enough that's going down between the two of us, but the fact of the matter is that I love your wife, and I want to marry her.
I don't care who she marries, but I don't want her marrying you!
I enjoy the game.
CAMERA PANS TO BB who has a smile on his face at the successful break he just made.
He's enthusiastic, excited and confi- dent.
(trying to shake Tilley) You make this one here, and you win.
Toast will be ready in a second.
Coffee's on the table.
Listen, Nora.
We played pool.
(beat) Hand me the toast.
He smiles, takes a quick sip of his coffee.
He gives her a kiss.
Starts to go, turns back, gives her another kiss, more passionate this time.
Both men are uncomfortable with one another's presence.
He smiles.
(points, laughing) Hey, that's good... that's good, yeah.
You got a good point there, BB.
It's almost as if it's a rainbow across the far side of town, and the Cadillac will drive through it.
The Demolitions Committee of Project Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns of ten buildings with blasting gelatin.
If I saw something like clever coffee table sin the shape of a yin and yang, I had to have it.
Oh, that sounds nice.
Thank you, Chloe.
Everyone, let's thank Chloe.
Thank you, Chloe.
You look good.
Share with each other.
Look, I can't cry with a faker present.
Please.
Well, technically, I have more of a right to be there than you.
That's your favorite, too?
Deal.
Tyler, you are by far the most interesting "single-serving" friend I've ever met.
You see, when you travel, everything is small, self-contained-- The spork.
Thank you.
(thrown) Well, uh... great.
We met on the plane.
The right dinette.
This is how we fill up our lives.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
It affords him other interesting opportunities.
-- Like splicing single frames from adult movies into family films.
A nice, big cock.
No. That's a good thing, isn't it?
But a good strange.
Every six years or so he'd do it again -- new city, new family.
Promise me.
Promise?
I became the calm, little center of the world.
I'm comfortable with them.
I loved that condo.
The plants were... I'd like to thank the academy... Well, if any ideas come to you, give me a call.
Someone loved it intensely for one day, then tossed it.
Nice work.
Our fathers were our models for God.
Congratulations.
This is a sweet side of you.
Picking these up for ... (reads the boxes:) "Mrs.
I'm alive and I'm in poverty.
Good.
Thank you.
(pause) Well... thanks, anyway.
Better than I've ever been in my life.
Great.
Good for you.
The great war is a spiritual war.
We were raised by television to believe that we'd be millionaires and movie gods and rock stars -- but we won't.
You and your friend.
That's it.... that's good.
Thank you, sir... Let go of me!!
Not as easy as it sounds.
Local 15, Monday nights.
We are the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world.
Build a house.
You're too young.
It's not the end of the world.
Nice seeing you.
A monkey, ready to be shot into space.
A Space Monkey, ready to sacrifice himself for Project Mayhem.
"You are not a beautiful and unique snowflake.
"We are the all-singing, all-dancing crap of the world."
The first rule of Project -- Right, right.
The garden.
You were standing right where you are now, asking how good our security is.
We did make love?
Happy?
I asked for one thing from you... one simple promise.
Then, I'll have the clam chowder... fried chicken and a baked potato with everything and a chocolate chiffon pie.
I know us hasn't been such a great thing for you... Whatever.
I really admire what you're doing.
You're a brave man to order this.
I'm pulling the green wire.
Green?
Yes... Don't pull the green wire.
Project "Mayhem."
Please.
It's getting exciting now.
I'm glad you're here with me.
(looks at watch) This is it.
What? (relieved) Paraffin.
Your merry band mixed the nitro with paraffin.
But, I'm okay... I'm fine... I'm sorry... you met me at a very strange time in my life.
It couldn't have been over three minutes, the Secret Service... Okay.
Thank you.
Trade Re1ations.
You don't have to Cure Cancer, Pal, you just have to give them something more interesting than... What's more interesting than boffing the girlscout?
...and I was going to Well, it ain't over til it's over... How's he doing?
And you're here I'm here, Mr. Moss, because you've shown yourself a great supporter of the Party.
Rose, there, to the best of my knowledge, there no...
"Freedom."
This is good.
This is terrific, and I'll tell you why: it's It's No, this is great.
The Greatest Show on Earth: He needs an elephant, I have the White House on the Line.
President comes on the air, "Be Calm."
Okay, now: Good.
Right now: Johnnie Green, Liz Butsky, and get me the Fad King.
Ten Days.
The thing with the Yellow Ribbon...
...the Yellow Ribbon, but who, who'd profit from The Ribbon Manufacturers.
They made a fortune.
Thanks.
They guard our, know ... "borders," night and day... Yeah, good good good good good.
"...the special detachment..." Good!
Thank God this is America.
Kid: I din' get my breakfast.
Kid: In bed wit My Mom.
Better.
Good.
I'm so excited, and I'm looking forward to putting it on my resume.
Because... Gonna be fine.
Well, you've started a Tempest in a Teapot.
....beautiful.
Good.
Good.
In my Platoon, in World War Two You have the number in D.C.? Good.
The sound of Freedom?
A young Albanian Girl, dressed in their...
Catching up on his reading.
Mr. Levinsky, Mrs. Levinsky, would you entertain an offer of marriage for your son Saul, from Princess Margaret of Great Britain.
Well, they think, she isn't Jewish, but she's well to-do, a nice old family.
Wonderful, matchmaker says, My Job is Half Done.
They paid with their lives.
...this is magnificent.
Thank you.
To preserve their Way of Life.
You know, folks, there is in life as precious as the Innocence of a Child.
Don't tune it too good.
Good Old Shoe... William Schuman.
But I never had a better than my Good Old Shoe.
It's too clean.
This is fantastic.
Now is the Harvest Season in my Land, and I bring you...
I bring you this traditional Albanian, forgive me not to speak English, but my Grandmother... God bless you, God bless you, you are my Son... you are a Bringer of Peace... Hello?
...getting the speech for the White House...? Good.
Good.
...this is a snappy song.... What'd ya think?
In the Folk Music Section.
In the Folk Music Section.
What's the thing with Morse Code... Oh, you're gonna love this: Who said, "I care not who writes a country's laws, so long as I can write its songs..."? Stanley Moss, folks...
This is the... Well, is genius.
But in Six Days, Lord willing n'Jesus Tarries, I am going to take you beauties into the second term.
The 3-0-3 Speech... where's the Fad King, by the way... ...on the way in.
Thank God, I say.
Thank God for the B-2 Bomber.
I thank.
A merciful God.
And I am sure each and every one of us will thank that Supreme Power, whatever we conceive that power to be -- that peace is at hand.
...That peace is at hand...
Having a good time.
Haven't had so much fun since Live TV.
It is a photograph of a man.
And that message is, "Courage, Mom..." And he got the message through.
Mom..." Well, to the Family of William A. Schumann, to the Men and Women of Unit 303, to my fellow citizens say "courage."
..."Dog Was Loyal, and the Dog was True...n'there's never been a better than my Good Old Shoe...Good Old Shoe...Good Old Shoe...Never have ta call'im when there's Work to do...If I get to Heaven when the Day is Through.
It's the gratitude of your Izzat the thing... Indeed it is.
Against...who could be aggressor....Help me out here...Units of 303, the Defense Department confirms, early this morning, Albanian Time, stormed a mountain hideaway, near the city of -- help me out here -- and freed a tired, but happy William Schumann, Suffering no casualties.
Have him say it like I wrote it, It'll be fine.
Thanks.
"Thank you for voting for me, but, importantly: Thank you for Getting off on the inaugural?
Medal.
You've something, there... Napoleon said -- A man will not sell you his life... ...a masterpiece... ...givem what they want...But... Weather's worsening, sir...might be advisable, wait it out, on the ground, till.. We're due at Andrews.
Welcome to History... Sergeant Schumann?
Yeah, well -- it's only one word difference.
This is star, one time, this is nothing, we keep him shot-up and happy -- the Old Days, I used to think I was a Cause the beans, y'know, y'can tell if they're stuff in it.
How's our friend?
Courage, Mom.
N'each man's hand's against us.
Finish Strong!
This is, this is, is the Beauty Part.
You can't tell this story.
Ha ha.
You can't tell this story.
You can't tell this story.
With the World Watching.world.
Ah, well, you see, Wilfred, this is where you've never been at a His say he was in prison ... as they must, as the records of Group 303 have the men and the women, carried on their roster, as belonging somewhere else, the required of.... Get out and vote, get and vote, but remember the difference, between a Promise, and a -- a promise- and-a-deed... ..."down safely," crew perished in the Crash.... No, I'm On Top of it... "...unsure whether or not Enemy Action..." No, I'm fine...
Well, he doesn't have his Green Card.
Good.
Good.
Good.
Looking Good, bring-it-all-back- home.
Well, you said it yourself, earlier, and if I may rephrase, that the success of the President, in the Polls... ...as of today, 89% favorable.
Well, there's a lot to be said for that.
You've seen it before, you've seen it times...
give up.
give up.
A proud tradition.
Prouder of this, than anything I ever did in my life.
I want to thank you, Ron.
Want to thank you.
To defend her, (ET ...coming, yes, yes, I can just...yes, the caisson, bearing his remains, the Riderless Horse, led by three members of his unit, 303, identified by their distinctive Caps... ...and that's the, yes, you hear it, a salute, in Code, 5pelling out, "Courage, Mom" ...and there, yes, there is the Staff Car, bearing the Pres... ...sident Elect -- the President-Elect of the United States... ...the end of the incredible saga of One Man, his country, and a War He did Not Wish, but unto which he... ----------------- They're going up to Dallas... to whack Kennedy.
Robert Kennedy, as Attorney General, for the first time ever vigorously prosecutes the Mafia in American life, bringing and winning a record number of cases - 288 convictions of organized crime figures including 13 grand juries against Jimmy Hoffa and his Teamsters Union.
On the morning of November 22, he speaks in Fort Worth, then flies 15 minutes to Love Field in Dallas, where he takes a motorcade through downtown Dallas on his way to speak at 12:30 at the International Trade Mart.
And I remember thinking it would be so cool under that tunnel.
(yells across the room) Bartender, another round... (finishes drink) Here's to the New Frontier.
(Ferrie laughs; pause) I've heard over the years you're quite a first-rate pilot, Dave.
(on each name, watching Ferrie's reaction) We've heard reports that Oswald spent the summer in New Orleans and we've been advised you knew Oswald pretty well.
No, I never saw him before in my life.
(fidgeting, lighting another cigarette) Oh yes, well, come to think of it, they're right.
(stands up) Dave thank you for your time.
Morning, boys.
Ready for a walking tour?
At 7:30 Sunday morning?
I used to have lunch with him.
My God! Lee Harvey Oswald.
Bill, Lou, we're standing in the heart of the United States Government's intelligence community in New Orleans.
You told me you and Guy were good friends for a long time?
...not a single frayed collar or cuff, new haircuts, fresh shaves, clean hands - new shoe leather.
Finally they shuttle him to a radio factory in Minks where he lives as high on the hog as he ever has - he's given 5,000 rubles, a roomy apartment with a balcony, has affairs with local girls.
He meets Marina, whose uncle is a colonel in Soviet intelligence, at a trade union dance; she thinks he's Russian the way he speaks, six weeks later they marry, have a daughter.
When did you first do business with this Bertrand?
Did he pay?
I want to thank you, Mr. O'Keefe, for this time.
Did he pay you for this?
(in the present) Oswald, who worked for Jaggars-Chiles- Stovall, did know spy photography pretty well.
It'll be off the record, honey.
I'll bring him in on a Sunday.
Jim, come on, honey, get down on your hands and knees and hunt for Jasper's Easter egg.
I'm interviewing Clay Shaw this morning.
In his proposal to raise taxes, Johnson... (surprised) But Jim, we're going to Antoine's with the kids - like we do every year.
Thank you for your honesty and for coming in today.
I wish to extend to each of you - and to each of your families - my best wishes for a happy Easter.
(beat, excited) "One may smile and smile and be a villain."
Where have you been? (kisses Liz) Hi, Freckle Face.
That sounds dandy, but it doesn't replace a father and a husband on Easter Day.
Congratulations, Boss - you're page one!
Thank you.
You weren't mentioned in the story.
He likes you.
I'll meet you in 20 minutes.
And you, too, my friend.
Love a duck!
That's where the heart of the country is.
(reads from one) "Dear Mr. Garrison, God bless you for having the courage to go after the murderers of President Kennedy.
God bless, Judith Hardy, Hannibal, Missouri."
That's fine, Numa, but what about all the people who aren't writing letters.
Welcome, Mr. Miller.
They've been enlarged and show a lot of detail... Splendid, love to see them.
(smiling, thinking Jim is hooked) Well, ordinarily these things take a long time.
We know what's been going on at your office (smiles) Yeah, I guess you do.
(shakes hands) I'm glad you came.
Vietnam in '54, Indonesia '58, Tibet '59 we got the Dalai Lama out - we were good, very good.
This plan was one of the strongest and most important papers issued from the Kennedy White House.
Our first 1,000 troops were ordered home for Christmas.
The Secret Service is relatively small, and by custom the military will augment them.
Secret Service, ma'am.
And Oswald was at best a medium shot.
That means we gotta subpoena Time- Life on it.
Bill was one of his best men.
My God! My God! What have they done!
Your daddy has entered you in a beauty contest.
Would you like to be in a beauty contest?
That sounds fun.
To repeat - 39-year-old Martin Luther King, who preached non-violence and won the Nobel Peace Prize, was cut down earlier today by a sniper's bullets while standing on the porch of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tennessee.
I'll call you again when it's time for the beauty contest.
Bill doesn't scare that easy.
(Al nods) The old fisherman manages to catch this great fish - a fish so huge he has to tie it to the side of the boat to get it back in.
We are a great country, an unselfish country and a compassionate country.
There were admirals.
There were admirals.
He as the best overall view - "the God spot".
(he repeats it like a mantra)... back and to the left... back and to the left.
These guys are proud of what they did.
That's entertainment!
General Y still thinks of himself of the handsome young warrior who loved this country but loved the concept of war more.
But an interesting thing - he was there that day in Dealey Plaza.
It's like it never happened.
They smile.
He smiles ears to ear, looking for approval.
Fred sees two AMAZING GIRLS walking towards him.
Then, from out of the book bag, Fred pulls a bottle of Moisty-Mate hand lotion.
He smiles.
Let's play dress-up.
Great.
I now shift into reverse while turning the wheel two revolutions clockwise... Surprise!
This is great.
Happy birthday, Deacon.
Thanks.
Are you ready for the big present?
It's a new computer system.
At least you got this great party.
Great.
He's having a keg party.
The CROWD goes wild at Coop's moves.
Continuing his dance steps, Coop moves to the door.
It's my birthday today, so cut me some slack, all right?
Happy birthday, friend.
The guys look at each other, excited.
She looks good.
The group laughs and walks away.
Finally, the lights turn off in the back yard, and Deacon ventures out of the pool.
Hey, watch the nads!
Great.
So to keep things a little fun around here, tomorrow we're taking a field trip to the zoo.
But she's laughing with him, not at him, and Deacon can tell the difference.
He relaxes... Hey, sphincter.
(emphatic) Look, mom.
Well, honey.
(excited) Shut up.
Witness the miracle of nature at its most primal.
Thanks, man.
Darla, sweetheart.
That's a good one.
Great.
Looking forward to working with you, too.
Thanks.
You sound sexy, too.
Have a good time, guys.
(beat) Nice lamination job.
Thanks!
To After School Special.
To After School Special.
A beautiful STRIPPER in an American flag bikini approaches.
Are you boys interested in a dance?
She takes Fred's hand and walks him over to a private dance couch.
The song ends, the curtain comes up, and Fred is smiling ear to ear.
You want another dance?
Uh, not right now, thank you.
Right on his boner.
She laughs.
Then you're hired.
Shouldn't we audition her first?
You guys relax and have a few drinks.
- Ashley slinks through the fog onstage and works the pole like good girl should: gentle but firm.
Trust me, I've nailed enough girls.
But before we get too good a look, we FRED smiles ear to ear.
FRED's smile turns into nervous ogling.
Close up.
You were great.
Action... Jake finally whips off his underwear and faces Ashley.
Thanks.
She smiles at Deacon, cheered up by the inadvertent compliment.
Yeah, I'm working on this project at home.
Mark and J.T. are having a party tonight.
They slide to a stop, falling off their bikes, but they're too excited to care.
Deacon's smile fades.
No. Look, it's this party Naomi invited me to.
Why do you want us to kiss?
Then Coop comes out of the bathroom and sees everyone staring at Deacon.
And we were both having sex with you.
Oh, baby.
Nice rack.
Don't fall in love with who you think she is.
This After School Special shit is amazing.
Are you sure those are the guys from the Pretty Kitty?
Bingo.
They do the jive hand shake and hug thing again.
Brilliant.
It's Greitzer's little daughter's birthday party.
Please!
I promise you!
I shouldn't be entitled to a little joy in life?
Good.
Good.
He's a good kid.
Finally, he gives in to the porno music.
Back on the bed, Naomi is in a state of complete bliss, having had her first ever orgasm.
But Deacon doesn't share Naomi's contentment.
True love can only exist between two women.
Your heart is telling you that you don't.
And I think it's time you start listening to your heart.
Did you say "After School Special"?
(calling after them) Better watch your back, homie!
I booked facials for us at the Serenity Spa.
Then, Fred smiles.
Deacon knows they're cool with each other.
Good.
Deacon laughs.
That's great.
But how can I help you?
Then, she sprays a big dollop of hair mousse into one hand and places it under the hair apron.
Matt smiles meekly as we Moments later, cheesy prom MUSIC plays and a mirrored disco ball reflects light across the dance floor.
As the couple dances across the floor, dressed in a prom gown and tux, Ashley looks into Coop's eyes.
This prom is making me so hot.
Coop gives the thumbs up to the Bouncer, also dressed in a tux, then starts making out with Ashley in an exaggerated tongue-lapping display.
Fred looks over at Deacon, who just smiles sheepishly.
Great party.
Thanks.
That's great, Ashley.
Congratulations.
Deacon hugs her.
You're smart, funny, fun to be with.
Great party.
Plantain kisses him, while nonchalantly grabbing his crotch.
That boy is amazing in bed.
But if you're interested, you better move fast.
Deacon smiles.
Ashley kisses him on the cheek and exits off into the horizon.
Going over to visit your friend and catching his mother coming out of the shower.
Deacon's mom.
It's been a pleasure doing business with you, Mr. ...Vic Good name.
Thanks.
I just want to have fun with my friends, okay?
Fred smiles ear to ear.
Wendy laughs, duly impressed.
plays a specially edited version of the infamous first attempt at making the porno, aptly titled, "William H. Wall High School Presents: The Premature E-Jake-ulator."
The video starts repeating in continuous loop, but has been edited to sound like a rap song.
E-jac, e-jac, e-jac-u-laaaaaaa-tor. Students point and laugh at him, while Deacon and the guys continue on down the hallway, dancing to the beat.
About how making the movie didn't turn out to be so fun.
The fun part about high school is unravelling the mystery of what's going to happen next.
The guys smile and dial the combinations on their lockers.
We TRACK through the hallway, outside... ... where we see a large CAR TRANSPORT, with three hot new sports cars on it.
TRACK OVER to Mike, unloading the cars and Vic, standing there smiling.
On the TV plays familiar sounding porno music on the hotel pay-per-view.
(Excited, gesturing with her hands) What has the universe got to do with it?
And we've gotta try to enjoy ourselves while we're here.
It's for my girl friend.
Deal!
(Laughing now) H'h, that's a polite word for what you are.
(Loudly to his companion right behind Alvy and Annie) We saw the Fellini film last Tuesday.
It is not one of his best.
Granted, La Strada was a great film.
But that simple cohesive core ... (Overlapping the man's speech) I'm-I'm-I'm gonna have a stroke.
(Reading) Well, stop listening to him.
Like all that Juliet of the Spirits or Satyricon, I found it incredibly ... indulgent.
"Thirtyish academic wishes to meet woman who's interested in Mozart, James Joyce and sodomy."
No, because they're-they're laughing, so (He starts laughing nervously) I-I-I'd rather not.
They're gonna love you, I know.
How much can they laugh?
(Off screen) They-they they're laughed out.
group from the (Coughing) Thank you.
Well, why not?
She was-she was beautiful.
Please.
Come on, Alvy, they're only baby ones, for God's sake.
Jesus! (Laughing, to the lobster) Get him!
(Laughing) Talk to him.
(Laughing) I can't!
(Overlapping Alvy and making sounds) Oh, God!
And be nice to the host because he's publishing my book.
No jokes-these are friends, okay?
No, it'll be great!
I was so close.
Hey, come on, it's quiet now.
Max, if we lived in California, we could play outdoors every day, in the sun.
Sun, milk, red meat, college ... (Laughing) I know, but ooh- here he comes.
Hi. (Laughing) Alvy.
(Eager to begin) Who's playing who here?
(Overlapping Alvy) Well ... so ... I can't play too good, you know.
Hi. (Hands clasped in front of her, smiling) Well, bye.
(She gestures with her hand) Well ... oh, well ... la-de-da, la-de-da, la-la.
(Laughing) Oh, no, I have a car.
I don't ... (Laughing) I don't ... Geez, I don't know, I've ... I wa- This ... yeah, I got this VW out there ... (Laughing and gesturing toward the door) What a jerk, yeah.
Nice car.
You keep it nice.
(Laughing) Yeah, thanks.
Well... (Sighing) Well, thanks, thank you.
You-you're a wonderful tennis player.
(Laughing) Oh.
(Laughing) Yeah.
And I love what you're wearin'.
(Laughing) Yeah, I know.
(Laughing) Well ... Well ... thank you again.
(Overlapping, gesturing) Hey, well, listen ... hey, you wanna come upstairs and, uh ... and have a glass of wine and something?
(Annie laughs) Who-who are-who are those photos on the wall?
Well, who's Sadie?
Oh, well, Sadie... (Laughing) Sadie met Grammy through, uh, through Grammy's brother George.
Uh, George was real sweet, you know, he had that thing.
Narcolepsy, right, right.
Yeah, it's a great story, though, I mean, I...
(Sipping her wine and laughing) Fifteen years, huh?
Oh, God bless!
God bless.
(Clearing his throat) Oh, thank you. (Smiling) Yeah, well ... you-She hates Jews.
(Overlapping) -you're gonna like night clubs, they're really a lotta fun.
You have a wonderful voice.
You have a great voice.
Hey, listen, listen.
Gimme a kiss.
And we'll digest our food better.
(They laugh) Jesus, you were great.
Good?
I was- (Overlapping) No. No, that was the most fun I've ever had without laughing.
(Looking at the books Alvy is bolding) That's, uh ... (Laughing) that's pretty serious stuff there.
It's amazing to me.
So-so when you go through life you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's- You're very lucky ... to be ... (Overlapping Annie's laughter) ... to be miserable.
(Over Annie's laughter) He's the latest!
(Laughing) M'hm.
Do I love you?
Do you love me?
- I ... I love you.
(Over Annie's laughter) You know I lo-ove you, I-I love you.
Yeah, but you-you got a nice apartment.
I have a tiny apartment.
(Putting his hand to his forehead) 'Cause adult education's a wonderful thing.
You meet a lotta interesting professors.
(Reading) Does this sound like a good course?
What? (Laughing) Hey, listen, what-what do you think?
(Laughing) Well, okay.
The illusion that it will make a white woman more like Billie Holiday.
(Off screen) Well, have you ever made love high?
I get too, too wonderful for words.
Oh, you-you have to be artificially relaxed before we can go to bed? (Closing the door) Well, what's the difference, anyway?
(Kissing her) No, no, no, what ...
No, I'm fine.
He was in the choir with you.
Oh, yes, yes.
And, uh, they, they realty look American, you know, very healthy and ... like they never get sick or anything.
My God, he's the new president of the El Regis.
Oh, yes, that's right.
Did you see the new play?
Oh, he's adorable, Annie.
Will it change my life?
(Laughing) I said, "Will it change my life," Alvy.
I think it's a wonderful thing.
You meet wonderful, interesting professors'.
I don't care what you say about David, he's a perfectly fine teacher!
That's great!
Love fades.
(Scratching his head) Love fades.
(Continuing to walk) Large vibrating egg.
Jesus, I-I, uh, here ... (He moves up the sidewalk to a young trendy-looking couple, arms wrapped around each other) You-you look like a really happy couple.
When my mother took me to see Snow White, everyone fell in love with Snow White.
You are going to love her.
I covered the Dylan concert ... which gave me chills.
(They move toward the aisles as a guard holds up his hands to stop them) Up to that I guess the most charismatic event I covered was Mick's Birthday when the Stones played Madison Square Garden.
(Laughing) Man, that's great.
He finally moves out of the room, hands close to his body.
Please.
Oh. (They kiss) Oh! Alvy?
I don't know what it is, but it's great.
That'd be fun for yuh.
-me, my God, it's a great day! (Interrupting) Hey, can yuh watch the road?
Watch the -- (Overlapping) Yeah, watch the road!
Yeah, the neighborhood's gonna be great.
I was a great athlete.
On your pay?
(Laughing) Thank you.
(Looking at Alvy, smiling) Yeah, well, we have the, I mean, they were just a terrific audience, I mean, you know, it makes it really easy for me, because I can be ... huh?
Well, hi! Uh, we just wanted to stop by and say that we really enjoyed your sets.
(Laughing) Oh, yeah, really, oh!
Oh, neat ... oh, that's very nice, gosh, thanks a lot.
(Looking for the first time at Alvy) Well, hey, that's, that's nice.
It's a pleasure.
We're staying at the Pierre ... and we're gonna meet Jack and Angelica, and have a drink there, and ... if you'd like to come, uh, we'd love to have you.
Uh, not a big deal, it's just relax, just be very mellow.
Oh, the thing ... (Laughing) ... yeah ... yeah.
It was a wonderful set.
(Smiling) I really enjoyed it.
(Looking at Alvy) Nice to have metcha.
Good night.
Nice to see you ... bye.
(Looking down at her hands, then up at Alvy) I don't know, I thought it might be kind of fun, you know what I mean, it'd be nice to meet some new people.
The incredible thing about it is, I'm paying for her analysis and she's making progress and I'm getting screwed.
Her progress is defeating my progress.
It'd be fun.
(Moving forward on the couch) Oh, I'm sure it's a lot of fun, 'cause the Incas did it, you know, and-and they-they-they were a million laughs.
(Laughing) Alvy, come on, for your own experience.
It's great stuff, Alvy.
And we're invited to a big Christmas party.
(Singing, louder now) Remember Christ our Savior Was born on Christmas day To save us all ... from Satan's power As we were gone astray.
Look, now, Charlie, give me a big laugh here.
Great, but nobody laughs at it 'cause your jokes aren't funny.
You've been in the sun too long.
Max, she is gorgeous.
Yeah, you're used to the kind with the- with the shopping bags walking through Central Park with the surgical masks on muttering.
Have you two met?
Yeah, this place is great.
Yeah, I love it there.
(Laughing) Yeah.
Boy, this is really a nice screening room.
(Looking over his shoulder at the group) That's a great film if you're high.
(The group laughs, looking down at the man on the sofa.
He looks up at them, smiling, a joint in his hand, and offers them a cigarette) Hey, you.
We did a fantastic lighting job.
(Taking Alvy's arm) It's wonderful.
You know it's important to make a little effort once in a while.
Don't you think his girl friend's beautiful?
Yeah, she's got a great-lookin' fa- A pat on the androgynous side.
(To herself) That was fun.
(To himself) Lotta beautiful women.
It was fun to flirt.
Thanks, honey.
The Grammys are tonight.
What is so incredibly great about New York?
(In mirrored reflection) Alvy, you are totally incapable of enjoying life.
They embrace) I love you.
It was my first play.
And we both hadda go, but it was great seeing Annie again, right?
Well, I'm joined by Simon Foster, the Minister for International development.
Thank you for joining us.
Have a good day at the Foreign Office.
No. You're fine to go ahead and print that.
Or, hey I know, I'll write it on a cake, "Your hack husband betrayed you on the 4th of October, and congratulations on the new baby" in those little silver balls.
To keep it fresh.
It's in the fridge, that'll keep it fresh.
Toby tries to smile, lowers his voice, embarrassed.
Listen, we get an easy ride on Tom tomorrow, OK? (getting annoyed) No, YOU relax.
He's still alive.
(To JUDY) Give us a minute, will you love?
I love you.
Yeah, the Big Meet.
We'd like a dual horse-shoe formation for the meeting set-up - an enclave for Ms Clark, an enclave for the Pentagon delegation.
It looks important.
Page 24 (looking up at the Brits, off Simon's smile) I don't want to risk a dentist here.
I had a small thing for her.
The voices in his head are now singing barbershop together.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Let's say everyone agreed with this.
Excellent.
Well, it's not the first one.
Okay - so far, we have ... one flyer under the door for happy hour in the bar - which might be interesting?
It'll be coffee and Danish...tea..they're going to want tea.
Tea and a handjob, whatever.
"Challenges for the cheese market" - that was a big one... but...yes, sure I'd love a drink.
Great.
Starts getting ready to see Liza.
He opens a pot of hair gel, takes a scoop and rubs it in his hands, ready to put it in his hair.
It's a nice street with houses and cars and a - sidewalk and it's got leaves and - hold on I'm walking, I'm walking to a sign ... Toby running.
Marcel's is good.
It's fantastic.
It's a lot of fun.
Page 52 It sounds a lot of fun.
There's the aerospace museum, the National Gallery.
Polite laughter.
It's been great.
Brilliant.
I should be thanking you for not throwing up.
Well done.
You're a star.
Without actually being there for the beginning of one of the biggest meetings of my career.
Yes, I'm feeling fine.
Page 55 You looked so sweet.
Everyone is so hot for your paper.
Page 61 Good.
From a couple with hereditary heart defects."
Make friends with Chad, that boy from The Shining.
Don't make me pump Chad.
It'll be easy peasy lemon squeezy.
Everyone is finally assembled.
So, welcome to this, somewhat engorged session of the Future Planning Committee.
Stanton College Prep, Harvard...he's smart and he's great at his job.
You've met Roz.
On to my mum's garden.
Toby comes back in, hands Simon a coffee.
They're surrounded by cartons of Chinese take-out.
(re the paper in it's red folder) You finally read Liza's paper?
Course, I read it.
Oh great.
Well, if it isn't Humpty-Numpty... What is this, surround bollocking?
With respect, I haven't finished.
Good.
In a nice room.
So, my lovely friends, bottom line...
She took a stand over Health.
But that'll keep me going.
Well I live here.
Listen, Suze, Liza wrote a paper, Pwip- Pip.
Good tactic.
What's brave about doing the `right thing'?
Thanks.
But I'd stand well back.
'Peace-Loving General Starts Fight In UN, Swiss Intervene'.
Bit of an adventure.
Great.
The great Malcolm Tucker.
I can see you with your shirt off and a wheelbarrow whistling a happy song.
I've got good news.
That's great news, isn't it?
That sounds ominous.
You live on canapes and white wine and you have three anecdotes you wheel out at every party and you scour the national papers for mentions of your name.
(off Simon's look) He's my new boy.
You fucking haven't I've been right here.
Great.
Lovely 121 121 Okay, I don't want to be accused of micro managing but I personally do not see that `I heart Huckabees' should be on the list of dvds suitable for forces entertainment.
Well Alan, I have been balled out by Linton for allowing I Heart Huckabees on to the troops DVD roster.
The right to make a movie in this town.
...there's a trade embargo against Cuba.
We meet Friday, and I... George, that is so kind of you.
And, my wife wanted to, wanted me to ask you, we'd like to welcome you, we'd, she'd like to have you to dinner at our home.
Well, I won't take more of your time... Walt, it's Marty on the Coast... We'll see you Tuesday, then... It's one of the great, great pleasures meeting you... It's Marty on the Coast.
We're... (pause) The new town is cheaper than the other town.
DINNER WITH THE MAYOR, TUESDAY NIGHT, write it in red.
You told me they had on Old Mill here... "Suspicions of arson, these fires, believed set by a disturbed teenager were, in fact, the inspiration for the formation of..." But, does it have to be an Old Mill?
I was in New Hampshire.
Kid the New Guy...
Wonderful scr... (pause) Can't...can't you build the Old Mill?
You built an Old Mill in New Hampshire.
(to Joe) It's not a lie, it's a gift for fiction.
This horse is booked.
Wonderful, that's... Did they find... (as he writes in his notebook) Did they find my typewriter...
What're your hobbies?
Two tuna B.L.T.'s... What's a Tuna B.L.T.? Oh, Dad, didn't you read in People Magazine... Well, I for one, am glad of a little diversion and I'm glad they're here.
We'll have a record of our wonderful life.
I think that they're nice.
She coulda done better than him.
...small town.
You have to make your own fun.
Everybody makes their own fun.
Maude, this man wrote this play!
Now, is it a good play?
Writing the movie.
Now: "It's a nice evening."
(beat) I'm not gonna say that..."It's a nice..." Come in.
Hey, Joe...Good.
Thanks, honey, but next time, bring two, save yourself a trip.
It's a... what a, thank you for this part.
(pause) The scene's perfect...I, I get to say... Yes, but, Joe, Joe's been, well, he's just been having a few, uh, "thoughts," about... How many times in your life do you get a speech like that?
That's good.
You have a gift for words.
First organized fire department was on the border of Dalmatia and Sardinia in the year 642.
You grow up here?
Nice town.
That's that's that's that's beautiful.
It was a pleasure meeting you.
That whole... The, the, the, the sanctity of everyday things... Everyday things...yes.
It was lovely meeting... Mister White is... Nice meeting you...they were, let me tell you, they were a bit coy at first, I told them: Look: the people are tired, they're going to vote their pocketbook, yes, but... What happened in 1973?
You show me a family that doesn't.
We're here to make a movie.
It was an essence - what is the essence of your story?
I want to make a good film.
That's so beautiful...
I don't want to invite someone else because this is the most exclusive... Waal, then, you know, you do whatever would make you happy.
This is your party, and whatever... Hi Doug.
Towns out of Lilacs.
Claire: Listen to me.
Elanora Duse... ...I can't do it, Wally... Listen to me.
I'll do four shows a week."
(pause) The greatest actress of her time.
You cool the broad out?
(of the bread) Ziz good, you try this?
Good!
Way of the world.
Nice town that you've got here.
Evenin', sweetheart.
Gonna be good as new.
I love Jewish men.
Where have you been, we had a date for three...where have you been...? I have to tell you something... Well, I know, because they told me you were with that writer from the, you see, this is what I mean, the whole town has been warped by the, by the, by the presence of the movie company, they holler, and we jump, you have a date, they call, you're doing business nine o'clock at night.
Will you help me out...? Hi.
(takes flowers) Thank you.
(reading card) "To the love of my life, Love, Doug."
Then I'll come back at a better time.
(to Marty) We're having a party, matofact, Tuesday night, for Walt and Bob Barrenger... Mmm.... Havin' 'em over, home-cooked meal, if you'd... Well, I'd be awfully...
It's... Sherry, this... (come back out of house with cup of coffee) Mornin' Sherry.
I am so glad to meet you.
We are so glad to have you here, and welcome you to our...I, you know, they had c... I'm, yearly I redecorate our, to restore it to the, 1835... What is that?
A spate of suspicious fires which were in fact the inspiration for the formation of the Waterford Huskies.
I'm...Tuesday evening we're having an informal dinner, I didn't know you'd be 'on set,' but if you'd like to join your...
Would you like a cup of tea... ...he's the producer of the movie.
With you inna moment.
Hiya, Annie... Annie, sorry I ain't been to a meetin' of the Drama Club... Oh, good... Good morning to you...whatsa matter?
My wife is going to have a baby, and... Oh, that's great.
Let's bring more people into this overcrowded world.
(into phone) Well, I've enjoyed it, too.
Pay her off.
I NEED EIGHT-HUNDRED GRAND.
You're fantastic.
He's got a gift for fiction.
Ain't no second chances in life.
I'll be ready Wednes...I'm here to make a movie, Bob.
Now don't you worry your, hey, Pal, when have I ever let you down bef...Okay, Babe, you, too.
No, no, sir, he's fine.
Well, he's right here!
I've got the key back at my store... I'd love to.
How's your star?
Gosh, you look nice.
Town newspaper.
Yes, it's a lovely idea... Print it right here.
You'd do the newspaper right here.
Nice to take this opportunity to mount an investigation of... Morning, Carla, what happened to you?
"See the nice dog.
See the nice cat?"
That makes a lot of sense, Claire, that makes a lot of...list...listen, cause the audience isn't coming to see your breasts.
He's got a date, is this guy fantastic...? Already he learned how to write a movie, and he found a girl to get his toes curled, what a guy, what a...what a literary find! (on phone; sotto) I'm trying, honey.
Where are we booked tonight?
My wife's having a baby.
Thought you started out the day with that pernicious caffeine... Kiss my ass.
And she was injured coming home from a love tryst, so...
Here this dream world has come to you.
Stay ready.
Good morning.
And I'd come to write.
Well ain't you amazing.
Where Movie Star Bob Barrenger, fresh from his troubles with the law last year... ...is once again in hot water.
Good morning.
...a blight, a blight and an obscenity...that's good English, isn't it?
How's that for entertainment?
...and I was just paying off my house in Malibu... Thank G-d, it's up to you, Pal.
Then you're finished in show business.
Give yourself up to her.
You, me, and these fine, film people here.
You bringing your new friend?
Phillip smiles a bit at the notion.
HUGHES, a 35-year-old family man is playing chaperone to prepubescent versions of SUPERMAN, TINKERBELL, and a DANCING (in unison) Trick or treat!!! Gladys simply stares at the children before looking to Mr. Hughes.
Sooner the better.
Jerry smiles, turns and grabs the old man by the shirt.
Superman and Dancing Skeleton, no longer with adult super- vision, fill water balloons at an outdoor water spigot.
Dancing Skeleton does his best Warren Spahn and tosses a wet fastball at the door.
You'n'me must be livin' right, Butchie boy! Let's get something straight.
Not since last night.
It was better yesterday.
Mae smiles and turns her back to Red as she cleans the grill.
Naw, Red Garnett, you don't come in here for the coffee and pie.
Red's eyes follow it.
Well?... I'm askin' you out.
Feed me, sweet thing.
Jerry smiles at Phillip while he kisses and licks Glady's neck.
You happy?
Give it to me.
Phillip!!!!... Ain't you folks ever heard of sleepin' in?!! Nice shootin', Fred.
The Guvner', Red.
Good.
Fancy words in a circle don't help much.
See if we can shack there til' things cool down.
Okay, Phillip, listen up.
Get beer.
Those are cute little underwears you got there, boy.
The hand is quicker than the eye.
You best come here.
(pleading) Me'n you are friends!!!! Thick as theives.
No. Me'n you are friends.
This is the present, Phillip.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
Good man.
This here's nature, Phillip.
No bodies this time, thank Gawd.
A small time Dry Goods store with a sign over the entrance proclaiming: "FRIENDLY'S - The Friendliest Store in Texas!"
Well, hello there and welcome to Friendly's.
Shoes and new skivvies, too.
Buzz! Buzz, what a cute name.
Good price, too.
Look good.
The friendliest clerk gets a $20 bonus.
He was last seen... Here's the clothes, but Buzz has his heart set on a Halloween costume for next year.
She blushes a "thank you" as Butch makes a hasty retreat to the door.
She was right -- Haynes is looking after the boy.
Holy Jeezus, they're a team.
Sally lifts her head, watches Red reenter the room, then stares out the window.
I was born in Amarillo, but grew up in the French Quarter of New Orleans.
There was always one around the dance hall.
Red's face tells us he's listening.
He was a small-time felon.
It's a fun lil' parlor game, lady, but right now Butch Haynes don't have the slightest idea where he's headed!
(excited, too) Seen one of them in a magazine.
Bradley smiles, looks to Suttle, who nods an "okay."
Phillip laughs and waves.
But anyhoo, back to our present dilemma.
Rations for one at best.
Yes!!! Red walks slowly toward the slumping Airstream.
Well, seein' that Halloween was yesterday, I guess you'll have to trick me.
Butch smiles, pulls up his shirt and exposes the revolver stuck in his pants.
Butch smiles and pats Phillip on the shoulder.
Phillip smiles.
Never underestimate the kindness of the common man, Phillip.
She looks up at Red.
Bobby Lee finishes his whittling, blows away shavings, smiles at his creation, sets it on the rock, gets up and walks away.
We got the best seat in the house right here.
Butch smiles sincerely then looks to the passing landscape.
This will do fine right here, Bob.
They look funny.
Naw, Bob's a fine family man and that's about the best thing a fella' can hope to be.
cringes as he watches his pride and joy rocket toward the horizon.
Red rises and stretches, walks to the open door and stares out at the late afternoon light.
Red follows.
That's the Governor's line, Red! Red calmly walks past Sally who smiles a "thanks".
In profile Butch continues to kiss Eileen's buttocks.
Kissing, writhing, but FROM this ANGLE all he can really see is a mane of hair swinging to and fro.
stands right next to the SPUTTERING NEON SIGN, staring straight up, the neon light splashing his face in a grotesque pink light.
Why? Caus' it feels good.
Ain't you ever seen your mama kiss a man?
Several more seconds pass, then... Do you love her? Who?
Yeah, Phillip, I love her.
(beat) Kissed her butt didn't I?
And they both start to laugh.
Soundly.
C) Extreme closeup -- The baby in the snapshot - Butch.
E) Extreme closeup -- Butch's father from the same photo.
G) An establishing snapshot of a nightclub in New Orleans.
The gaudy sign above the joint reads: CLUB - DANCE HALL.
I) Snapshot of Butch, 8, being taught to dance in the club by his mother.
K) Another snapshot of Butch being taught to dance by his drunken mother.
M) Snapshot of Mom kissing the same man.
His hand is resting on the inner portion of her thigh.
Q) Same as (K) -- Butch being taught to dance.
R) Extreme closeup -- Butch in same photo.
T) Extreme closeup -- Butch in same photo.
Mom with tattooed man.
V) Extreme closeup -- tattooed man from same photo.
Except it's brighter than the brightest day as a high power light shines directly at... who exits his dream and enters reality with a throttled shock.
Dance, boys!
The little boys do their best to emulate the adults and soon they're laughing and dancing, too.
Butch sits on the coffee table across from Mack, Lottie and Cleve.
(to Mack) Now you hold that boy and tell him you love him.
This boy know I loves him, mistah'.
I love you, Cleve.
(reading) 'Alaska is a beautiful place.
Short and sweet.
He laughs to himself.
He pulls his hand from his side.
Mack, Lottie, Cleve and Arch watch from the porch.
He slowly climbs down and drops next to Butch, who opens his eyes to the boy and smiles.
All things considered, I feel pretty good, though.
Oh, it's about the best thing there is.
You'd better put that on the list.
Sally watches Red.
He smiles a lonesome smile, opens the door and exits.
You better run.
Walkin's for squares.
Red can't help but smile.
A thin, knowing smile crosses Butch's lips.
Good thinkin'.
Red mulls it over, replaces his old chaw with a fresh one and looks to Sally.
(beat) Now, Buzz, listen here.
It's been one helluva' ride.
Butch nods and smiles.
Butch nudges Phillip and the boy starts toward the field.
Adler, looking through binoculars, can't help but smile.
Red watches.
Bobby Lee -- Smiling, ready, waiting.
Red, through the binoculars.
Butch and Phillip, hand in hand, walking across the field.
He's giving himself up.
Red shows his palms and keeps walking toward them.
Butch smiles.
Four years of unemployment would look too good on a resume.
Been flying so many scientists out here -- can't keep everyone straight.
(laughs) They tell me he's brilliant.
Welcome aboard.
Thank you, Colonel.
Right, forgive me.
Well, thanks for the opportuninty here -- my wife appreciates it.
(smiling) The Pentagon?
Good.
Nobody's mentioned that in years.
(continuing) The outer metal is made of a titanium alloy, built into an epoxy- resin honeycomb.
Beth, look, can I trust you with a little secret?
I love secrets.
It's brilliant.
Calm down, Dr. Levine.
(half smiling) Isn't there a psychological term for that, Dr. Johnson? (under his breath) Yeah.
Ladies first.
Ladies first.
Easy Ted, we're not mining gold.
Calm down, alright?
Please.
Nice work, Norman.
Whatever I can do to help.
Our future is about to be seen in our present.
50 years in our future.
Our present.
Good, Norman.
I'm willing to risk it.
Hey, go easy on the salt, will ya?
Salt's good for you, Ted.
Funny, my senses are much keener though.
They're warm.
At my mother's beach house.
So I translated it... That's brilliant.
It's approaching us in a simple way.
Good.
With an intellect like this, emotions don't mean shit.
Frankly, Ted, I'd be much happier if Jerry was just a cold, emotionless intellect.
Couldn't get a reading.
Calm down, Beth.
Don't tell me to calm down!
Please.
Listen for my instructions.
Do it, Norman, it's the only choice we have.
The others, sir?
It's also our only way out of here!
Thank you.
We were out of food.
I hear they're good.
You can't control your dreams.
I mean, we can think, and believe, and desire whatever we want, but there's a part of us -- a shadow side, as Jung called it -- that can't be controlled.
The cavalry is on it's way.
I'm not -- You're staring at me.
Tranquilizer.
Bingo.
Oh yes, my watch.
Splendid.
I'm feeling better.
Not during the day.
When the sun's out, they don't bite.
(off cup) This is quite good.
You're too strong, Beth.
Good.
Thank you.
(Harry laughs) Why are you laughing?
Thank you.
It's going to be beautiful.
Oh, the President's got better things to do than come to my birthday party.
(smiling) What?
But it's your birthday.
Good morning, Dad.
(smiling) Drew called from the AStar, they're still two minutes away.
I'd better drive down.
(unconsciously) I hate parties -- Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it.
No. Will you relax?
Thank God.
Let's get this day started.
PARRISH (cont'd) Do you love Drew?
Do you love Drew?
You've got a great career, you're beautiful -- And I'm your daughter and no man will ever be good enough for me.
Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill, this relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice.
I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.
Be deliriously happy.
'Be deliriously happy'.
I'm going to do my upmost -- I know it's a cornball thing but love is passion, obsession, someone you can't live without.
Find someone you can love like crazy and who'll love you the same way back.
To make the journey and not fall deeply in love -- well, you haven't lived a life at all.
But give it to me again.
Thank God.
But thanks anyway.
Hey, this is it, the hour approach- es, I'm getting all excited.
I want you to sing with rapture and dance like a dervish.'
Sounds good.
It's going to be great -- Do you think I need a haircut?
Our first annual report, must be thirty-five years ago now, I owned two stations, I wrote down a state- ment of purpose, that one day you would wake up to a Parrish radio station, read a Parrish paper at breakfast, catch our news on tele- vision during the day, and go to bed with one of our books or magazines and you would always be told the truth and in the bargain, have a good time.
That's great!
How 'bout another cup of coffee?
You have a way with words.
Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
Please.
That means doing good -- Going to be doing good all your life?
...Music, I know how you love music, Daddy, and I want to have music that pleases you -- and of course doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep -- I've agonized over this and finally settled on Sidney Brown, twenty-four men, very eclectic, plus I'm feathering in a Latin sextet on their breaks - Tito Puente, Trini Lopez-zy, I forget their names -- ALLISON (cont'd) You haven't heard a word, have you?
I can' tell you how much I appreciate it and how I'm looking forward to it.
Good.
'Not an ounce of excitement, not a whisper of a thrill --' VOICE (V.O., cont'd) '-- This relationship has all the passion of a pair of titmice'.
I sat between them at the Bronx Zoo benefit -- it was better than Seconal.
It requires competence, wisdom, experience -- all those things they say about you in testimonials -- and you're the one.
Am I dreaming this? (Another moment) Are you a dream?
YOUNG MAN (cont'd) Good.
Some German firm went kerplunkt, Tiffany's picked these things up, they're perfect party favors, however they're not personal, they're winter scene or something, snow-flakes and dachshunds... ALLISON (cont'd) (to the Young Man) Hi there -- Hello.
And wouldn't it be nicer if my father would introduce you? (to Allison) '...How nice to meet you.' Oh, I'm sorry.
Love that name.
Hey, buddy!
Nice to meet you, Mr. Black.
The Corinth Coffee Shop.
And isn't it a lovely one?
Great!
Hey, this is fun.
You weren't so silent this morning.
Funny, I don't get that feeling.
Thank you.
The man she met in the coffee shop this morning.
I was just having such a wonderful time -- Besides, isn't this what I'm here for?
Thank you.
Good night to you, Bill.
Nice to meet you.
Yes sir, Mr. Black, a pleasure.
Goodnight, Joe.
Goodnight to you, Susan.
Shall we dance?
(after a moment) Thank you.
Good morning.
Good morning, Bill.
Um -- well, I didn't sleep too well.
JOE (cont'd) But I did so enjoy your family.
Sounds fair enough.
It is a deal?
A 'deal'?
JOE (cont'd) This is great!
Can you keep a secret?
So can I. Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
Good morning, Jaime.
(smiles) I'm sorry, not today, Jaime.
-- And call my family, I'd like them to come over for dinner tonight.
(after a moment, to Joe) Nice to see you.
Thank you.
JOE (cont'd) And a cup of tea.
Yes, a cup of tea with milk.
-- What's the deal here?
Joe -- How nice you look.
Please.
Momma be fine.
I on holiday.
Can't feel wi' de way tings gotta be, Easter.
Close your eyes, Easter.
SUSAN (cont'd) Well...I'm glad you came.
Thank you.
I'm so very glad to be here.
And he wants it to be run the way he run it -- with a sense of honor, of dedication, of truth.
-- But he does seem very nice.
Thank you, Quince.
But I've got to tell you, if mergers are in the wild, I've got some great prospects I've developed.
We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing.
Thanks, Quince.
(delighted) You do?
I was a little abrupt with you this afternoon, Drew.
You're competitive soul, Drew.
That's what makes you a great addi- tion to the money.
(to Susan) But I know she's grateful for the care you're giving her.
How's that sound to you? Susan is a wonderful doctor.
Well... goodnight.
No. Gay? No. Then tell me, Joe, how come a man as attractive, intelligent, well- spoken ,diffident in the most sed- uctive way, and yet powerful, is all alone in this world?
(softly) To bed.
That was wonderful.
Yeah, it's good to get together.
Drew's a good man.
I know I didn't seem to be completely in his corner before, but I've come to appreciate -- Now we love Drew and Joe in verbo- ten?
This is getting interesting.
And you're a nice man, Quince.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
DREW (cont'd) All of a sudden a guy appears on the scene with the Chairman of one of the greatest communications corpora- tions of the world, the boss makes him privy to all the company's secrets, he attends the Board meet- ings, and us working stiffs with MBA's up the ass and years and years and years of experience, we're left outside with our noses pressed against the window.
Jefferson's Parliamentary Manual, a first edition Bleak House -- I love your smell.
Thank you.
SUSAN (cont'd) When I was little, my mother used to say, "Darling, you could set your heart by this clock".
Thank you.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Good morning, Mr. Parrish.
Good morning, Jennifer.
You'll be rich.
Go right ahead.
I just thought I'd drop by, scrounge a little lunch, I was in the neigh- borhood -- How beautiful.
It's so wonderful to make love to you.
Thank you.
Did you like making love to me?
I loved it.
More than you love peanut butter?
JOE (cont'd) Did you have a nice nap?
PARRISH (cont'd) I saw you kiss Susan.
Well, you goddam well should.
You've lived a first-rate life.
Looking for that 'ounce of excitement', that 'whisper of a thrill' -- What there is no sense living your life without.
Can I help you?
I love him.
I don't care if you love him!
SUSAN (cont'd) I love you, too.
Good.
Tomorrow, after the party.
Fine, fine.
It's starting to grow on me.
I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs.
You are amazing.
I do it because I love you.
Because everybody I loved you.
They respect you.
ALLISON (cont'd) Above all, you've been a wonderful father.
(gesturing to me activity) A little excess -- like you love.
You know, darling, this is going to be a wonderful party.
Okay, give me a bottle of wine.
Love.
'Love'?
You love Allison, don't you?
Oh yes, I do.
I was a world-class loser and she was a happy, little rich girl -- and for some reason she took me in.
But she loves you?
Tonight's the night to do it.
Thanks.
And the same time, the business he built with his own hands and his own head is being commandeered by a couple of cheap pirates.
-- And I'm in love with your daughter.
I'm in love with your daughter, and I'm taking her with me tonight.
I love her, Bill.
Trust, responsibility, taking the weight, for your choices and feel- ings and spending the rest of your life living up to them.
And above all, not hurting the object of your love.
She says she's in love with me.
You say you love her but you don't know what love is.
She 'loves' you but she doesn't know who you are.
I certainly hope so -- I loved Susan from the moment she was born, and I love her now, and every minute in between, and what I dream of is a man who will discover her and she will discover a man who will love her, who is worthy of her, who is of this world, of this time and has the grace and compassion and fortitude to walk beside her as she makes her way through this beautiful thing called life.
I don't know what you're going to do -- how can this be love?
SUSAN (cont'd) Remember that morning in the coffee shop?
(a moment) I agreed to cooperate.
You're meeting with the Board right now, Drew.
Well, thank you, that's great, but it's more than I bargained for.
My pleasure.
This is an IRS Agent's dream.
It may not be a perfectly perfect memory -- sometimes we had our ups and downs -- but we're all together, and you're mine for a night.
I love you, Daddy -- That's why it's okay.
It's a good feeling, isn't it?
(a moment) Would you like to dance with me, Susan?
Oh, yes -- If you don't mind dancing with an old fogey like me.
Thank you, anyway.
You go ahead, honey, I'm going to catch my breath.
Happy Birthday, Bill.
Thank you.
Now that we have a moment, would you mind if I expressed my gratitude for what you did for Susan?
Mom, no, it'll be fine.
An honor to finally meet you.
Pat told me all about you, how God made you rich in character, and you're the mighty oak that holds the household together, and not to mention the lasagna you make on game day when the Birds play.
That's when my hair was long, too.
But my hair only grew when I was older.
It looks great now.
It's good now.
He's my friend, so he was rootin' for me.
Trust me.
You'll see, he's fine.
Mom, it's a good thing.
Hey, there she is! Look how beautiful!
Everything good?
Well, he's ready.
I come home and what's playing but the song from my wedding.
The song that you so charmingly played out here today for us.
Mom, they make me bloated.
I'll sub, I'll work history, whatever you want.
Here, let me give you a hand.
Thank you.
I'm better.
I'm better.
Welcome home.
Thank you.
Cool, man.
Thank you.
I'm really glad you're back.
You gotta come see the baby.
She's beautiful.
Congratulations on the baby, but I'm not buying the invitation.
(to Pat) Can you make it next Sunday?
I'll see you next Sunday.
Are you comfortable?
Don't worry about it, you're the guest of honor.
Look, he got us flowers.
Oh, that's sweet.
(to Pat) That's sweet, Pat.
You just do your best, you have no choice.
You look nice.
Thank you.
I just see that you made an effort and I'm gonna be better with my wife, I'm working on that.
I wanna acknowledge her beauty.
Baby, how's it going?
Great, great.
Everyone having fun?
I love our house.
I love our house.
I'm really excited about it.
(Chuckling) Yeah.
I made the Fire and Ice cake.
You love it, Von, because then you can be the good one.
(to Pat) Come on, are you ready?
It's been great.
Okay, guys, the baby is sleeping!
I don't wanna wake up the baby.
Listen, I haven't dated since before my marriage so I don't really remember how this works.
I saw the way you were looking at me, Pat.
Look, I had a really good time tonight and I think you're really pretty, but I'm married, okay?
Pat! Mom!
Where's my wedding video?
Help me!
You look nice.
Thanks.
Thank you.
It's good.
The song that was playing when my wife...was in the shower with the history teacher...
I love that.
Hey, calm down!
Dude, relax.
Bro, get off of me.
Guys, I'm beating the song!
I'm playing down field!
No, I'm married.
I'm her friend.
Listen to what he's saying.
Listen to what he's saying.
This is a great girl and you gotta be respectful of that.
You're a better guy than this.
She's my friend.
Good.
Well, thank God, finally.
Beautiful jersey.
I love that jersey.
Just let him finish the game, that's all.
We were married for three years and five days, and I loved him.
Um, tell Dad thanks.
That was a great synopsis.
What the....? (laughing) What are you doing here, man?
He said you guys was helping each other out and you were nice and had a mouth on you, that you were mouthy, but-- Whoa, whoa, that's enough.
She is my friend with an "F."
A little bit more soul.
He trusts you.
It's like a family business, it's our family endeavor.
I made a commitment to Tiffany about a project, and we have a very important part of it that we have to go over on Sunday, and it's good for me, Dad.
It's a dance thing, okay?
I know, but my dad opened up to me and it was really beautiful and I wanna be of service to him, okay?
Thank you.
What was her energy when she gave it to you?
I was moved to read about `Excelsior' and your belief in happy endings.
I am also moved by your act of love to read the books I have taught at the high school.
I'm glad you're doing so well.
Love, Nikki."
No, I think, it's a good thing.
Thank you.
Same day as the Benjamin Franklin Pairs Open Freestyle Dance Competition.
Yeah, I believe in America's Team but if I win that bet, I win your book, you're out of action, you get no restaurant, no nothing.
Okay, score is from one to ten, right?
And you guys are how good?
They're good.
They're good?
Better than you?
No, no, that would be amazing if we got five.
I'm not gonna make that, that, that connection that you're making with DeSean Jackson.
Everything is fine.
Cheers.
Come on, it's gonna be great.
Everything's gonna come together.
We have a dance to do.
Is this "Dancing with the Stars"?
The birds are better when Pat is with me.
Relax, we're gonna do fine, okay?
What a glorious, beautiful occasion, man.
We're doing a dance thing anyway, for God's sake.
Hi, good evening.
Sweetie, sweetie.
Honey, calm down.
Good.
Yeah, thanks.
You looked really happy out there.
Yeah, who'd have thought, dancing?
You look incredible.
Thank you.
I've been reading your books and, I have a positive attitude.
That girl loves you, she really loves you.
I love you, Dad.
Give it to her yourself!
Thank you.
I love you.
You love me?
Sunday is my favorite day again.
McCOY BEDROOM - JUDY - NIGHT 21 is on her exercise bike, pedaling furiously.
Well, you were right.
It makes your * forehead crinkle.
'Negative proposition'?! Oh, God, Sherman.
Listen to the way I sound.
I am beautiful.
In this view, we can see that Sherman McCoy -- like his surroundings -- is impeccably designed and dressed.
The next morning, Judy's words were still ringing in his ears.
Campbell, honey.
Campbell, kiss your mother.
Campbell kisses Judy.
Sherman watches her.
Oh, Sherman, honey.
You are so sweet.
He laughs.
Hey, baby.
Calm down, Maria.
Please.
You don't have to feel better, Sherman.
You were great...
We were both great.
You're a nice boy, you're young, you got a lot going for you.
(laughs) Welcome to the South Bronx.
Your Honor, the District Attorney, Mr. Weiss...
And the only reason Mr. Weiss is interested in the case is because Mr. Williams over there is a white man who lives in a nice big house in Riverdale.
Then he looks good to everybody.
Yes, Your Honor.
So you go tell your boss, the district attorney, Captain Ahab Weiss that I know he's out there looking for the great white defendent... but Mr. Williams over there is not it.
Thanks.
And she said to me, 'I like my older customers best of all.
McCOY (delighted) Oh, yes, Sherman, do explain it.
(enjoying this) Yes.
And a great golden cake.
McCOY Of course, in my day, there was some integrity to it... Yes.
He is handsome and young.
I write for a newspaper.
Would you say he was a 'good' student?
(pauses; then) Well, by that standard, is Henry Lamb an honors student?
I guess he must be. is shining Sherman's shoes and reading the newspaper.
Now you listen to me, Bernard.
I want out!! Sherman, darling.
Don't I get a kiss first?
The super let me in.
But, listen, he's on the level with this one, isn't he?
I mean this Henry Lamb is... was ... is a nice kid.
So it would be good if it were true.
The choir sings.
Lamb, I will do.
The Italians will love this, the Irish, too.
They love laughing at me.
You laugh.
Then we can relax and do the right thing.
... My wife lives on airplanes.
You'll love him.
Please.
He's so pleased with himself.
He'll make a fortune.
Sherman, have you met Aubrey Buffing?
'Morning, Mr. McCoy.
They promised me.
Your Honor, Mr. Kramer knows very well... Given the emotions of the community... )J( BONFIRE OF THE VANITIES - Rev. 4/25/90 88.
(cheering and applauding) Yeah! Yeah! Tell him!
Kindly behoove me no ill-behooves!!!
And as the day progressed, I began to appreciate the power, the magnitude of the force that had been unleashed by my little story. of reporters, television people, photographers, etc.
Move! Move! Move! see the mob moving toward them.
Especially on a first date.
Great to see you.
Whatever you do, don't let the newspapers get you down.
This is a dinner party.
Life * goes on.
Well, that's very kind of you.
Anyway, thank you.
Give them this.
We've never met but I'm a good friend of... your wife.
I'm glad she's not here.
But I love a sidecar.
Good.
Good.
New tycoons.
Well, she's young.
A great book.
A prize winning effort.
Shhh! Listen.
Trust me.
Then what good is it?
You seem to be doing all your talking to the newspapers these days.
Well, here we are, Sherman.
But how can I help you?
Oh, Sherman, you are the sweetest thing.
She has a good lawyer.
That you are our son and that we love you.
That I love you.
McCOY Well.
I've lived my life as honestly as I know how.
Oh, yes.
Sherman was smiling.
She's cute, isn't she?
Wanna hear a funny story?
You excited?
I told you, man, Super Bowl Sunday.
We wait until Super Bowl Sunday, they could have the second fence built and we have to dig another nine, ten days.
That's funny, Adele.
Emil the Amazing.
How's this sound-- (cuts her off) Listen, Adele, the reason I called, that party is today instead of Sunday.
So you'll have to get hold of Buddy, whatever he might be doing...
Buddy says Glenn thinks you guys are real cool.
Happy birthday.
(opens the box) Oh my God... It's beautiful.
I love it.
Thanks, Dad.
Happy birthday, kid.
It's okay, honey, we're good guys.
Well, listen, even though I've been celibate lately, I'm not gonna force myself on you.
Who, Buddy?
He's a good guy.
Buddy.
Okay, honey, come on out of there.
Be a good girl now, you hear?
Hey, Jack, good to see you, man.
You win, Jack.
I see better with them on.
Sounds great.
The Sig Sauer you got me for my birthday.
Tell you what, you're a good girl, you might get another one for Christmas.
You win, Jack.
I wasn't feeling my best that day.
Thanks.
Paper says there's ten grand each on you, Chino and Lulu.
You look great.
Your dad taking good care of you?
Great.
Vogue while Buddy Hi.
Tell her you think he's a nice guy.
He's pretty laid back, confident.
He remind you of that guy, Tillman?
Nice disguise.
Those are cute shoes.
Nice girl like you? (smiles) I don't think so.
Good.
You're good.
Thank you.
Look, Glenn, I know you cool, but you don't have to give me no tone of voice, okay?
(smiles) You're the reason, Jack, I don't keep all my money in banks.
Where do you keep it, Dick? (Ripley smiles) I'm talking about all those uncut diamonds you told Glenn about.
(still smiling) I know what you're talking about.
(shrugs, big smile) It's a big house.
The fish? Yeah, fish live in the present.
The fish saved my life.
They'd been together ten years.
Love is funny.
It's nice and warm.
Warm?
To me this is holy ground, man.
But I'm getting warmer.
Who? Dude in the dress is Eddie Solomon, used to buy scag off a corner till he kicked it and found his happiness with crack and then started dealing himself.
Had these girls cooked the rocks he called the Rockettes.
Other than we had so much fun the last time we worked together.
Who was the friend?
(smiles) Hi!
Thank you.
Lady looking for Maurice.
Light to super-middleweight, as my body developed.
I say to her, "You a good dog, Tuffy, here's a treat for you."
And I give Tuffy what every dog love best.
We gonna tussle first.
Go in the easy way.
Let Glenn deal with the Snoop, while we're off livin' the good life.
How's that sound to you? Great.
Up to this point, everything you've done with your life means absolutely nothing in the real world.
Yeah, but in a nice way.
you took was my favourite.
So she did help you?
You having fun?
But listen, Glenn.
That's a wonderful story, Snoop.
I'm very excited about tonight.
Maurice Miller, couple of his friends.
Good God.
How do I look, mama?
Nice house.
Thank you.
The combination is three-ten-forty-four. Richard's birthday.
Thing is, I can't tell if it's the fish that're cooling me out or all those uncut diamonds on the bottom of the tank there.
(then) I love her, Jack.
From the looks of those boys, the Ripper too.
We made it, didn't we?
Please.
You win, Jack.
Have a nice trip.
Jack Foley meet Hejira Henry.
Mmmm - this is good!
This is the most delicious thing I ever ate, believe me! Signore, you don't know what you're missing!
Thank you.
(taking his hands off the keys) Well?
That's charming!
Not of the brilliant little prodigy himself, but of his father, who had taught him everything.
Lord, make me a great composer!
Let me celebrate your glory through music - and be celebrated myself!
Make me famous through the world, dear God! Make me immortal!
Amen and amen!
The greatest composer of his time.
And he loved me!
Emperor Joseph - the musical king!
He adored my music, that was enough.
Night after night I sat right next to the Emperor of Austria, playing duets with him, correcting the royal sight-reading.
And it was wonderful!
Everybody liked me.
I liked myself.
I was the most successful musician in Vienna.
That night changed my life.
This man had written his first concerto at the age of four; his first symphony at seven; a full-scale opera at twelve.
Excellent, sire!
Ah-ha.
Ah-ha.
Opera is an Italian art, solamente.
Ah-ha.
Chamberlain, arrange a pleasant welcome for him.
Fraulein Lorl, good morning.
Good morning, sir.
Ah-ha!
Siena macaroons - my favourites.
Give my best thanks to the baker.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you, sir.
Oh, they're both so beautiful, I can't decide.
Good, good, good.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Ah-ha.
Good.
Majesty, I hope you won't think it improper, but I have written a little March of Welcome in his honour.
Ah-ha!
(to the others) He was giving the most brilliant little concert here.
I'm a great admirer of yours, young man.
Welcome.
(taking his hand) Finally!
Such an immense joy.
And now he has returned the compliment.
Herr Salieri composed that March of Welcome for you.
Good morning.
How do you like it?
I had no idea where they met - or how - yet there she stood on stage for all to see.
Understand, I was in love with the girl.
(singing) Pasha Selim May he Live forever!
May his noble brow emblazon Glory, fortune, joy and fame!
Your pupil has done you great credit.
A good effort.
An excellent effort!
It is new, it is, isn't it, Sire?
You were sublime.
Dear Mozart, my sincere congratulations.
Did you like it, then?
It really is the best music one can hear in Vienna today.
Good night, Signore.
The Creature had had my darling girl.
Please!
Please!
Oh, Your Grace - I thank Your Grace!
Take no further steps toward marriage until we meet.
I knew you would have tried to dissuade me from my truest happiness and I could not have borne it.
I vow I will become regular in my habits and productive as never before.
She is wonderful, Papa, and I know that you will love her.
Excellency!
How can I help you?
That's right, Your Excellency.
How charming.
It will be an honour.
My husband is a proud man, sir.
Oh! They're wonderful.
And music finished as no music is ever finished.
It is miraculous.
Oh yes.
He's really proud of his work.
So, will you help him?
Oh, thank you, sir! Come back tonight.
Ah-ha.
I'm flattered.
Please!
No, no, no: he has yet to achieve mediocrity.
He could actually do musical harm to the Princess!
Between you and me, no one in the world could do musical harm to the Princess Elizabeth.
They're stupendously successful.
Do you have a daughter?
That's a promise.
I'm being silly.
After that I'll be the richest man in Vienna.
Ah, how exciting!
It's a bit of a secret.
Welcome ten thousand times.
She's the best cook in the world.
Why don't you get up now, darling?
It's wonderful.
People love me here.
But they're going to love it.
Welcome to our house, Herr Mozart.
Oh, yes.
We're delighted.
Tea? Who wants tea?
Let's go dancing.
Papa loves parties, don't you?
Thank you.
They love him here.
Well, this is none of your business.
So now we are going to let a perfect stranger into the house?
We spend a fortune on you, more than we can possibly afford, and all you do is criticize, morning to night.
Good! Come in.
You're a good girl.
You're very kind to do this.
Oh, thank you, sir!
Thank you, Sire! Well done, Mozart.
He would so much like to kiss your hand.
Good evening.
Elevated?
Elevated!
Please.
His wedding bed to see if it will fit.
I believe that is the best opera yet written, my friends.
Salieri, you are the brightest star in the musical firmament.
It was good of you to come.
You flatter me.
Good.
We'll have a little party.
Yes, my love?
(to the two men, jubilantly) If you've come from my friend the Fartsbishop, you've arrived at just the right moment.
It's over, finished, done with!
(singing) Don Giovanni!
It was terrifying and wonderful to watch.
Impresario de luxe The Celebrated An Evening of Music!
Mirth!
Magic! who personally will appear in every scene!
C-c-c-come in! (singing) Don Giovannnnnnnnnni!
(singing) Don Giovannnnnnnni!
(singing) I've come to dinnnnnner! Dinner?
(running and singing) Be careful!
(running and singing) Be careful!
(running and singing) Be careful!
And I'm a famous horse!
(singing) He's adorable!
(singing) Adorable!
(singing) Adorable!
(singing together) Give me your hoof, my darling, And I'll give you my heart!
(singing dramatically) Dash me! Bash me! Lash me! Flay me! Slay me!
Monkey-flunki-punki.
I want it here, in my hand.
Well, your pupil is married and living in Mannheim, young man.
Please.
Please.
Please.
I agree, Baron.
I've done my best.
Oh yes, and who are you?
Listen, Wolfi.
Please.
I promise you, I'll give you a wonderful piece - the best I ever can!
Please.
The sooner you finish, the better your reward.
Please!
She's gone for good.
I did it and I'm proud of it.
Well, he's sleeping now.
Oh, yes.
Please.
Thank you.
But - but - but - Good night.
Blessed be the name of the Lord.
And everyone who loves my sacred art crying, Mozart!
Bless you, Mozart.
Good morning, Professor!
(to Vogler) He loves those.
Fresh sugar-rolls.
I am their champion.
Amen! Amen! Amen!
God-a-mighty.
And you are a comfort, sweetheart.
Thank God one of my girls stayed close to home.
You don't burn a man's books.
I don't think I've ever seen you read a book in my life.
Beverly was a teacher; teachers read books, I'm in the upholstery business.
Been a couple of years now.
Jean has on headphones, listening to her Walkman in the back.
* They laugh.
Ivy watches her mother being comforted by Mattie Fae.
You've encouraged that.
Fine... Barb... It's okay, Mom.
Thank you.
Saturday morning.
So Sunday, still no sign of him... Yes, Sunday.
Monday morning.
That's nice of you to say.
Good old unfathomable Dad.
What I first fell of with -- fell in love with, you know, was his mystery.
But he'd just stand there, little smile on his face... not say a word.
She's a stranger in my house.
She may be an Indian, but she makes the best goddamn apple pie I ever ate.
Presents on birthdays, Mother's Day -- Because you're "dutiful."
No. I'm fine.
Their costumes are fantastic.
Thank you.
Were you close?
Turns to one of the many bookcases, eventually finds a book, smiles.
I have great admiration for these poems -- "August" 9/21/12 FINAL WHITE Draft 40.
Izza story.
Idn't it's a good beat?
He was my prom date.
Thank God we can't tell the future.
I loved him so intensely, so the things he did wrong were just opportunities for me to make things right.
That's when I got into those books and discussion groups -- And Scientology too, right, or something like that --? Exactly, and finally one day, I threw it all out, I said, "It's me, just me with my music on the stereo, my glass of wine and Bloomers my cat.
He's a good man and he's good to me and he's good for me.
The best thing about him, for me, is that now what I think about is now.
Oh, this is a sweet one, Vi -- I find this a tidge morbid, frankly -- It's not my style, Mom.
On the first book tour.
Don't discourage him now -- He wouldn't last a day in that city.
That'd be so great.
You're beautiful, Mom.
I was beautiful.
Women are beautiful when they're young and not after.
"August" 9/21/12 FINAL WHITE Draft 59. Think about the last time you went to the mall and saw some sweet little gal and thought she's a cute trick.
She stayed sexy till she was eighty.
The world is round.
Are you in love, Ivy? I...I don't...I'm... No, we maintain the accounts off- shore, just until we get approvals.
Give.
(focused on the TV) Hey, baby.
"August" 9/21/12 FINAL WHITE Draft 63. (in super-baby-voice) Hi, doodle!
Help me!
You're a good, decent, funny, wonderful woman, and I love you, but you're a pain in the ass.
Locusts are raging, "Summer psalm become summer wrath."
For the girls, God love `em.
Mom?! Food's on the table!
Mom's casserole.
Please.
I adore you.
We ask that you watch over Beverly, too, as he, as he... as he... makes his journey.
We thank thee, O Lord, that we are able to join together to pay tribute to this fine man, in his house, with his beautiful daughters.
We are truly blessed in our, our fellowship, our togetherness, our... our fellowship.
Thank thee for the food, O Lord, that we can share this food and replenish our bodies with... nutrients.
Be better people.
We recognize now more than ever the power, the... joy of family.
We ask that you bless and watch over this family.
Amen.
I thought the services were lovely.I give it a... (repeats gesture) dramatic criticism.
Nobody talked about the good stuff.
Comes back to our table with this huge -- Yeah, I can't imagine why no one told that story.
Thank you.
We're getting married on New Years.
(laughs) Right, right -- I had that one pegged.
Fear never tasted so good.
Right, right, it's pretty good once you get used to the taste.
Your father and I were the first in our families to finish high school and he wound up an award-winning poet.
Amen.
They looked so good.
Please...
I, everybody listen...
Gimme those goddamn pills -- I'll eat you alive, girl!
Wine... lots of wine.
* Barbara, Ivy, Karen and the remains of the dinner wine sit * around the table in the backyard gazebo.
* Think we can goad Mom into giving * Burke her "greatest" generation * speech tomorrow, tell him about the * claw hammer?
That's funny, coming from you.
Barb bursts out in derisive laughter.
No, honey, I'm fine.
(then) This house must have heard a lot of Weston girl secrets.
Secret crushes, secret schemes.
(to Karen, re: hand creme) That smells good.
But he had these beautiful cowboy boots, shiny chocolate leather.
He was so proud of those boots, you could tell, way he'd strut around, all arms and elbows, puffed up and cocksure.
She started dropping hints about a package under the tree she had wrapped up, about the size of a boot box, nice wrapping paper.
"Now, Vi, don't you cheat and look in there before Christmas morning."
Little smile on her face.
Christmas morning, I was up like a shot, boy, under the tree, tearing open that box.
Lord, my momma laughed for days.
You're our mother and we love you.
Thank you, sweetheart.
His marriage?
You're my hero.
My family didn't treat each other that way.
But if you can't find a generous place in your heart for your own son, we're not going to make it to thirty-nine.
Honey -- I know it's unorthodox for cousins to get together, at least these days -- They're not cousins.
He's your brother.
He was kissing and grabbing her.
I came down for a drink, he came in... end of story.
Me and Steve, together.
Doesn't that sound nice?
Yeah, well... (beat) I can't make it up to Jean right now.
Yeah... Is she clean?
Mom, what are you...? Oh honey... Better you girls know now though, now you're older.
It wasn't me, it was Mom! There's no difference.
She's a sweet girl, Ivy, and I love her to death.
Shit, thank God.
Thanks.
(as he stops) You got great hands.
My brother here?
Great.
No one's gonna be looking at my hair.
(Mr. Smile) Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening and welcome to the Starfire lounge.
I was eight, Jack was seven, just about the only song we knew was 'My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean', and the only one who would listen to us was the family cat, Cecil.
Three states, sixty-eight cities, and more-grayhairs-then-we'd-like-to-admit later... well, believe me, we've seen our share of this crazy country of ours.
But even though we've played some of the finest venues in the world ... (continuing) ... There's one place that's always been, for us, a very special place, and that place is... this place, the Starfire lounge.
Thank you.
Okay, Jack, good night.
Good night, Frank.
Wednesday next.
Two nights.
The Regency downtown, Thursday-Friday.
Thanks.
My pleasure.
Thanks.
Funny.
Christ, Jack, it's her birthday.
Place looks good, huh?
Well, if it isn't the fabulous Baker Boys! How's the birthday girl?
It's good to see you.
(uncomfortable; balancing cake box) Good to see you, Ma.
I practiced the piano last night.
Sounds big.
Your pay.
I've got the grands for two nights, Charlie.
Right, twelve years.
Vacation?
Christ, Charlie, it's a Monday night.
Me, I love you.
I love both you guys, you know that.
Everything's great.
Listen ... come out to the house tomorrow, will ya?
I've had enough family for one month, Frank.
I'll give you your share tomorrow.
Isn't that what we agreed?
I'm grateful, Frank.
Two pianos isn't enough anymore, Jack.
It's one of Jack's favorites.
Small world.
Well ... thanks.
You one of the fabulous Baker Boys?
She's got a voice like an angel ... What? (continuing) No, I wouldn't say she's got a body like an angel.
On the way home, we'd sing.
My mother sang.
My days are not the old days, genius.
Well, let's get your first prom under the belt, okay?
Only you gotta dance.
Awe inspiring.
Uh... good.
You better buy yourself a watch, Frankie.
This is going well, isn't it?
And you say ... (deadpan) Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
It's like a dream come true.
And speaking of dreams ... Right.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the Ambassador Lounge.
(continuing) I'm glad you're all in such a good mood tonight, because we've got a very special evening planned ... Hey! Just a sip.
Nice dress.
And it's especially nice to be among friends tonight, because, well, tonight's a very special night for my brother and I.
This evening we've asked a young lady to join us, a lady Jack and I are sure will soon seem like just another old friend to you all.
(continuing) I'm all smiles, darling Through and through...' I thought the Bakers were on tonight.
Good fellows.
Quiet, but able to appreciate a good joke.
Because Blackie Carson books the Park and whenever we've needed a gig he's come through.
By the way, I got a messsage yesterday from some guy looking for New Year's action.
Sounds like a booking agent looking to book an easy fee.
Yeah,well, a11 I know is mother nature must be one crazy dame.
(moving off) Merry Christmas, you two.
Merry Christmas, Jack.
Merry Christmas.
Mr. Rinaldi down at the drugstore says it's going to snow by New Year's.
How was everyone's Christmas?
Well, there's coffee and donuts for whoever wants them.
What's with the stars?
First times.
Frank smiles into the rear view mirror.
(continuing) My brilliant little brother.
Will you listen to that ocean?
No, you take the right.
They're beauties, huh? (continuing) Reminds me of those Steinways Willie used to have.
Good morning, gentlemen.
(offering his hand) That'd be me, sir.
Once I finish this octave I'm gonna get breakfast.
Yeah, well, she's our girl now.
This is my brother.
Well, thank you.
You don't happen to have a Huckleberry in your family tree, do you?
He sharpens things for a living.
Funny, huh? What?
(smiling) Wonder if I saw him I'd think it was you?
The hotel develops.
Oh sure, we may be at different points in our journey, but we all travel pretty much the same road.
And so, with that in mind, we'd like to introduce you to two very special couples.
So it might be nice if you conducted yourself with a certain amount of decency.
Hey listen, pal ... No.
Give me the keys.
Give me the keys!
Give me the keys.
They love it.
(continuing) Relax.
Practice.
Listen... (looks into his eyes) Nothing.
Thank you.
You were good.
Better than that.
You were good.
You were good.
You were good, goddamnit!
Friend.
Friend?
There were other places, but he loved the ocean.
If he drank enough, he'd do this funny Irish jig.
To make me laugh.
(pause) I was laughing when it happened.
He liked my voice.
Better give her pneumonia.
(smiling) Perseverance.
It's nice to be back here in the Roosevelt Room, because this has always been ... (continuing) a very special place for Jack and I. (recovering) And tonight we'd like to open with a very special song.
It's the song my mother and father danced to the night they were married.
My brother and I.
The way we're going we'll be lucky to buy a carton of jockstraps, let alone a new gym.
(consulting a card) He, uh, they, uh, we are very pleased to have with us two of the most respected men in the musical entertainment field.
I think you'll agree with me when I tell you we're in for a real treat when I say that we have with us ... the Fabulous Bunker Boys! Come on out here guys.
Hey, nice suits, fellas.
Come on, friend.
Get yourself a cup of coffee.
It's late, honey.
(gesturing to the piano) It's funny.
It was like I had the gift, too.
You don't look so good, pal.
Thanks.
Funny how life repeats itself, huh?
I set it for Wednesday.
The ceremony.
It's funny.
Well, great.
Isn't it weird that our birthday is the same week and that we're going to have a party, and it's just for me?
What did you get me for my birthday?
I thought you said that we shouldn't get each other gifts this year?
This is a big birthday.
Mom!! Mom!
Hey, did your father call to wish you a happy birthday?
Hey, thanks for letting me join this team.
But everyone gives you a boner.
Be nice to your sister.
It's your birthday, you don't need to go to the store.
Oh, Jodi's my new BFF.
She loves me.
She's our best employee.
She made nine grand last month.
Well, that's not that good.
Woo! Where's daddy?
You know, when I started this label, my dream was to work with musicians and bands whose music I just admired so much.
Shallow dance music.
It's fun, and it's about release and sex and power.
Graham Parker and The Rumour had two albums in the Rolling Stone Top 500 Best Albums of All Time.
Sadie, what are you listening to?
Okay, this is music that makes people happy.
(beat) Hey, how funny would it be if I bought your house?
I'm contextualizing him as one of the great figures in rock history.
We don't have the money to market a new band.
Aren't cookies the best?
Jewish Journal guy loves the record.
Great!
I've got a photo of it.
I'd love to see that photo of that gout foot.
Yeah, well, let's get you to the podiatrist.
Rock and Roll, baby.
The happiest period in people's lives is from age forty to sixty.
A lot of people are RSVP-ing to your birthday party.
Great for us and great for him.
Everything looks good.
(laughing) That's what he said.
Do you have a tree and everything?
Well, happy to help.
Mom, let me in!
Your hair is different.
Yeah, I'm growing it out.
It's your brother.
And now we have these three beautiful children... Come on, I've got to tell you something.
The pizza saved your life.
Now he's able to focus on the artists that he's really passionate about.
It would be nice to see more of each other.
I'd love to see the girls.
That would be nice.
Do you have a good day?
I'm glad we're here.
I think this is a good start and that if we can spend more time together, it would be nice.
It would be nice.
He's handsome.
Daddy and I are making some changes so that we can be happier and healthier, and we're starting with this meal that I prepared.
Doesn't it look good?
And the lettuce is so fresh and tasty that you forget how good lettuce tastes on its own without dressing.
It's fun.
Ben gave it to me last Christmas.
Wouldn't you rather have me around for less years and I'm incredibly happy than longer and miserable?
We should have sex.
I mean, girls have it so easy.
What we should do is easy and simple.
Wow. Jesus.
They look amazing.
But I get better grades than Wendy.
The nougat things are good.
You and I don't spend enough time together, do we?
We spend enough time together.
It's quality time.
She's a good girl.
That's great.
Congratulations.
That's good news.
And Pete is going to be so happy.
I can finally relax now, you know?
I'm so happy, I really am.
It's good.
I'll see you at my party.
No. Don't buy wine with my money and give it to me at my party.
I love you.
I love what we have.
Come dance with us.
Yeah! Thank you so much for coming, this is so exciting!
Oh, the guy from Green Day is here.
I wouldn't call them classically good dance moves, but you left it all out there.
You're a blast to dance with.
Thank you.
I hope this doesn't come off as super cheesy, but I think you're a very rare find.
Thank you.
(to the band) That was spectacular guys, really well done.
Well, the first numbers came in.
Happy?
It's such a good record.
No, I'm going to be fine.
That's the key to life.
Great show.
I'm inspired.
I want to write a song right now.
Inspired, huh?
That inspires me.
Congratulations on Glee.
You got a song on Glee?
When I kissed him, I felt his little tiny teeth nubs with my tongue.
French kissing a baby.
Then, why do you live in such a nice apartment and have such a fancy car?
Well, that's good.
Hey! Sadie, enough!
I love you.
See what you get for Christmas.
Okay, why don't you back the fuck off, because that's my lovely, sweet wife you're talking about.
So I'm keeping it together.
Thank you.
Great.
Thank you.
Thank god.
I love you.
I love you too.
We don't have time for this right now.
I don't care about the show right now- Jin, Sun... Okay?
Thank you so much.
We're going to have another seven more tomorrow... Look, we cut their hair different so we can finally tell who they are.
I love that movie.
Yeah, a little white wine.
White wine?
He and my mom had a baby and that was me.
Thank god the pretty girl was here to divert our attention.
Did you guys come together?
So what's your sun sign?
Is that good?
Great.
What a big surprise.
Happy birthday and go fuck yourself.
See you when the Cubs win the Pennant.
I'm going to light the candles.
I am a fun girl!
I am fun- loving!
I am a good time Sally!
I dance hip-hop.
You don't want another baby.
You're having a baby!
That is so wonderful.
We're so happy for you.
That's beautiful.
I'm not sure this was such a great idea.
There's no fucking bike path.
Thank you.
Especially together.
Excellent point.
Eskimo Kiss.
They bump foreheads and elbows.
The only orangey red dot in a sea of purple.
Congratulations.
Now stand back -- this session's gonna make you remember why you hired me even though I wouldn't sleep with you -- Cooper let's get these penguins dancing -- Duncan backs off, charmed by her ballsiness.
It's an inspired photo.
Jackie and LUKE HARRISON -- ruggedly handsome man, mid-forties, charming, disarming, and smart as they come.
The fact that you two are remarrying obviously has Annabelle overjoyed... (they look at her, dumbfounded) And she's very excited about your move to Switzerland.
He loves her.
As they enter... She's a great mother.
CAN I JOIN YOU FOR The most beautiful little puppy in the world -- sitting in a puddle of pee on a hardwood floor.
Ben ZAPS the magic potion theatrically with his fingertips.
Thank God for that!
What I meant and perhaps I didn't say it well was you have a great mom.
That was so sweet of you.
(pointedly to Annabelle) Goodnight Annabelle.
Sweet dreams.
Rachel, dead on his feet, reads "Goodnight Moon" to Ben. "In the great green room there was a telephone and a red balloon..." Aren't you going to drink your cocoa?
"Goodnight moon, goodnight hush, goodnight mush, goodnight goodnight goodnight Gracie -- Goodnight Ben! No! You're cheating -- you have to start from the beginning and you have to read the whole thing I can't sleep otherwise.
Next week...apple brown betty!
It would have been great for us, so obviously, Jackie just... Eyes down.
Best thing ever happened to you was her throwing you out on your butt.
He comes and kisses her.
Get ready.
A sweet, hot moment.
No, this is good.
Celibacy is healthy.
From the kiss that follows.
Like chords on a baby grand.
And bring about total world peace.
Filmmaker Annabelle in the seat of honor next to her proud father.
Murmurs... Well, first off, Annabelle.
Brad grins a Redford grin her way.
And you are the vegetable... Said with bottomless pride.
Stands on the porch.
Help me.
An MRI is in progress.
She told me that you were so suppor- tive, even at great inconvenience to your business, and...
An amazing smile.
It's wonderful to see a successful man.
If I can ever repay your kindness.
It would be my great pleasure.
The hands come together.
Let's take our best shot.
Staring at the woman.
The doctor smiles.
Jackie looks at her watch...
Jackie and Luke sit across from each other in the lovely restaurant.
Jackie looks beautiful in the warm candlelight.
He kisses her.
Her incredible smile.
Filling even Luke with confidence.
A quick kiss.
HOLD on Luke's light smile.
She kisses his forehead.
She stands, smiles... (softly) A night.
They share the smile.
Mom, look what Rache got me!
Go ahead... Annabelle starts to unwrap the present with Christmas-morning-care. Jackie looks at the glitter gloss... I'm sorry, I just... Hey.
Are you much better than the one Rachel showed me!
Kids rise swings, clamber over a jungle gym.
Smiling, as he gazes into a hospital room.
Then, Ben snuggles into Rachel's arms and kisses her.
(softly) Nice, huh?
She twists the corner of a smile.
In fifty years, the kids'll love her ten percent as much as they love you.
Now they're smiling at each other.
A nice moment for them.
You changed your hair.
(grins) It's good.
Boy, kids go wild for that.
A door with balloons OPENS -- STACY, the birthday boy's mom, stands there -- children running behind her in party hats, all with their conservatively dressed SUBURBAN MOMS.
Rachel eyes the MOUND OF PRESENTS yet to be opened.
She eyes that mound of presents.
Now Ben, let Tucker play with his Batcave... Ben won't let go of Tucker's presents.
Hey Benjy boy -- chill.
Ben pulls at the toys...
You smile that smile.
And he's yours for free.
Love my kids.
I have given them more and more every fifteen of their lives, than you could manage in the next fifty Leans over the table.
You love my kids, that's a start.
Stone gargoyles smile down on those who enter the heavy, bright red wooden door.
Not much to smile about.
We're going to win this.
And thanks for the 'we'.
Tries a smile that doesn't get halfway there.
My compliments.
Who's marrying who time?
Mommy's marrying Rache!
He's happy.
(glum) Great.
(softly) Good girl.
Annabelle's eyes well up.
The birthday boy at the recent party.
An enormous CRANE moves through the sky.
We've studied their process, we like their success rate... Two women nodding, in a calm, matter-of-fact way.
But you look... together.
Luke sits with Ben, building a gigantic magic castle from a million Leggos.
I's architecturally interesting.
Back Sunday night.
I made that paella you liked.
Here's gonna talk to the and Brad's the Honey, she won't d...
Lifts the phone on the sixth ring... (bright and soft) Hi.
Having big fun?
Eat your heart out.
I know he's handsome, but the best- looking people are so vain, there's always something they're insecure about.
Great.
Monday lunch, you walk up with Finger STABS out... (as Annabelle) Hey, Boy! (does the ears) Listen up, Face, because I'm saying this time!
So your pathetic, no-life, ass-kissing little here, better take Annabelle is swooning with joy.
The guy see is in the eighth grade at School, and he laughs his off every time we talk about you.
And Jackie LEAPS out of the wheelchair, RUNS across the distance, runs to SCOOP her babies in her arms... It's a miracle!
Annabelle laughs.
Ben covers Jackie with kisses.
Rachel carrying the suitcase, Jackie has each kid by the hand, as they troop through the house to arrive at... ...Jackie's bedroom.
Another glimpses Annabelle's beautiful FACE hidden in her hair.
Annabelle kissing her horse's muzzle.
These are good.
I helped.
Smiles down at him.
I've got a lot of medicine in me, sweetie.
Under a starkly bare tree.
Serene.
Well, I can't darlin'.
We make our lives, one step at a time.
A promise.
Reading his beloved Garfield book.
I'd have brought them straight t... (staring at something) Who in the world he? See now, across the way.
A gorgeous BOY, dressed cool, stands holding an expensive bike.
Looks nice enough to m...
And I'm going to win.
So you became the hero.
She likes a Stolie, no ice.
I love Luke, I love the children.
Focused, strong.
Then, sharing it with you was one thing.
You are lying, you never lost that kid for 4 from a (smiles) I was running around like a chicken with my head chopped off.
The smile fades.
You're...the Earth Mother incarnate... You're the hip and fresh.
You look down the road to her wedding.
Good.
Mmmn, surprisingly good.
When you fall in love.
On your wedding night.
When your babies are born.
A shared smile.
You made my life wonderful.
One soft spot plays on a simple CASKET.
Stares down at it for a beat.
You'd have written it down, so you wouldn't blow it.
Here's where the love shows.
Well, with you out of the country, it wasn't, Robin.
Now that you're back, we're great again.
Good morning, Mr. President.
First, I wanted to say congratulations.
Three years ago, we were elected to the White House by one of the narrowest margins in history, and today Kodak tells us 63 percent of registered voters think we're doing a good job.
And, Leon, don't be a nice, sweet guy from Brooklyn.
Thank you, everyone.
(entering) David Sasser from the Times called and wanted to know what the White House felt was a great society.
This is exciting stuff.
Thank you, gentlemen.
(continuing) Have a good evening, Mrs. Chapil.
I'll see you in the morning, Janie.
She's had a lot of success getting congressmen elected.
Good.
I don't want to win this.
I want to win it by a couple of touchdowns.
Good.
Have a good night.
Good night, Mr. President.
(laughing off the suggestion) Whatever you say, Mr. President.
(continuing) Have a good night, sir.
Good night, A.J. (to the GUARD) Hi, my name's Sydney Ellen Wade.
Frank Capra, great American director -- It's a Wonderful Life, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.
Thanks.
And if I don't see you again, have a good Thanksgiving.
The White House has the single greatest home court advantage in the modern world.
I skipped breakfast.
If you don't live up to the deal you just made, come New Hampshire, we're gonna go shopping for a new candidate.
Fine. 2 in the side.
Nice shot, Mr. President.
Nice shot, Mr. President?
He said he was thrilled with the deal you made this morning.
No, it's just that we had a nice couple of minutes together.
He meets a woman named Edith Gault.
Are you learning-impaired?! Listen, do me a favor.
(filtered) Good evening, the White House.
Right now is fine.
(smiling) What did you mean when you said you don't have a phone.
As I'm sure you know, the French have elected themselves a new president, and we're having a formal state dinner at the White House, and I was wondering -- and you're under no obligation at all -- but I thought it might be fun...
Will you... I'm gonna have a very nice woman named Marsha Bridgeport call you.
New guy.
We're gonna win this in a walk.
Give us a vote, get a photo-op with number 63.
By the way, nice shoes.
Great, next time Julius Caesar comes to town, you're our gal.
I just said that we're sitting in this beautiful room, listening to the music of this wonderful orchestra, and I wondered why nobody was dancing.
They make a nice couple.
Good morning, Mrs. Chapil.
Good morning, Mr. President.
Thank you.
(continuing) Thank you, Janie.
(to the OPERATOR) Yeah, good morning.
Thank you.
(to JANIE) Thank you.
It's a tree and a flower.
(through intercom) Sir, it's a tree and a flower.
(into phone) The dogwood is both a tree and a flower.
Here we go... Relax, Leo.
I had such a good time last night.
Trust me.
Yeah, well, when you put it that way, it doesn't sound that great to me either.
Are you Ms. Wade? (standing up, smiling) Sydney.
Nice to meet you.
Let meat loaf night begin.
G'night, sweetheart.
It was nice meeting you, Mrs.-- Sydney.
It was nice meeting you, Sydney.
Thank you.
It was nice meeting you.
Sleep well, honey.
I love you.
I love you, too.
She's wonderful.
It was ready ahead of schedule.
What I did tonight was not about political gain.
He's brilliant, he's funny, he's handsome, and he's an above-average dancer.
(to COOPER) Thanks, Coop.
Listen... I've really enjoyed the time we've spent together, but this has catastrophe written all over it.
Yes!! Does New Hampshire want the pride back?
Good for you, Lewis.
Good.
But, sir... (the meeting's over) Thank you, Mr. President.
We'll do it better next time.
I had a good time.
His first order of business: An intimate supper with Sydney Wade at a romantic Georgetown bistro.
Also on tonight's program: Day 15 of the Sydney Watch.
I've got art.
(singing softly) "It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas..." (into phone) I understand, Congressman...Of course you need to deliberate.
Thank you.
That's better!
I'm having lunch at the Kremlin, so we'll have to, you know, start real early... (exciting) Good night, David.
I studied under a Nobel-Prize-Winning economist.
Well, I say it with a great deal of charm.
Carmen's House of Flowers!
Coop, I'm gonna hop out at that flower shop.
I'll get the flowers.
Lucy's sleeping over at a friend's house Saturday night.
Doctors at Bethesda Naval Hospital pronounced President Shepherd in excellent health.
Hey, Sydney, Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas, A.J.
Syd, relax.
You're in good company.
Well, congratulations, fellas, you're outta the cellar.
It's funny that he used the same words.
When I come back, I'll have Christmas spirit.
Sydney Wade told her boyfriend and her boyfriend's best friend that she had a lousy day.
You made it with the GDC.
Good job! Congressman, it was our understanding that we had your support.
(listens) Yes, at 20 percent.
Come on board, we'll make your Volvo a classic.
This was delicious.
Thank you.
We're gonna win this thing.
Sounds good.
Have a good time, Syd.
Good.
Is the view pretty good from the cheap seats, A.J.? I beg your pardon.
It's good for you.
Oh...well...that's good.
Okay, I give up.
The only thing you have to do to make me happy is come home at the end of the day.
The difference is that he says he loves America.
Saying you love America is easy.
It's nice to see you, Ms. Wade.
I'm glad.
Thank you.
They're beautiful.
Well...it turns out I've got a rose garden.
He is the producer of the play which has won Eve Harrington the Sarah Siddons Award... Margo Channing is the Star of the Theater.
She made her first stage appearance, at the age of four, in 'Midsummer Night's Dream'.
Margo is a great Star.
She never was or will be anything less or anything less... (slight pause) ... the part for which Eve Harrington is receiving the Sarah Siddons Award was intended originally for Margo Channing... Having covered in tedious detail not only the history of the Sarah Siddons Society, but also the history of acting since Thespis first stepped out of the chorus line - our distinguished chairman has finally arrived at our reason for being here... I have been proud and privileged to have spent my life in the Theater - "a poor player ... that struts and frets his hour upon the stage" - and I have been honored to be, for forty years, Chief Promoter of the Sarah Siddons Society... (he lifts the Sarah Siddons Award from its altar) Thirty-nine times have I placed in deserving hands this highest honor the Theater knows... (he grows a bit arch, he uses his eyebrows) Surely no actor is older than I - I have earned my place out of the sun... (indulgent laughter) ... and never before has this Award gone to anyone younger than its recipient tonight.
We have seen beyond the beauty and artistry- -that have made her name resound through the nation.
Her devotion, her loyalty to her art.
Her love, her deep and abiding love for us- -for what we are and what we do.
(he's nearing his curtain line) Tonight her dream has come true.
Eve, the Golden Girl.
The cover girl, the girl next door, the girl on the moon... Time has been good to Eve, Life goes where she goes - she's been profiled, covered, revealed, reported, what she eats and when and where, whom she knows and where she was and when and where she's going... ... Eve.
I had become so accustomed to seeing her there night after night - I found myself looking for a girl I'd never spoken to, wondering where she was... (softly) Mrs. Richards...
I've seen you so often - it took every bit of courage I could raise- (smiles) To speak to just a playwright's wife?
You can't put her out, I promised... Margo, you've got to see her, she worships you, it's like something out of a book- That book is out of print, Karen, those days are gone.
For a girl, gettin' in to see him was easy.
Thank you.
I went one night... the most important night in my life - until this one.
Please...
Everything is beer.
She, too, is a great admirer of yours.
Please.
Lloyd, we've got to go- Margo, good night!
(he grins) I do.
Good night, Eve.
Good night...
Where were we going that night, Lloyd and I? Funny the things you remember - and the things you don't...
What a documentary those two would make... like the mongoose and the cobra- (finally) So you're going to Hollywood.
Why, if you're the best and most successful young director in the Theater- The Theatuh, the Theatuh- (he sits up) - what book of rules says the Theater exists only within some ugly buildings crowded into one square mile of New York City?
(he gets up) Listen, junior.
Wherever there's magic and make-believe and an audience - there's Theater.
Adorable.
That's right, but I don't understand- We are ready with the call you placed for 12 midnight, California time, to Mr. William Sampson in Beverly Hills...
I placed...? Go ahead, please... (a loud, happy squawk) Margo!
What a wonderful surprise!
(continuing) What a thoughtful, ever-lovin' thing to do- (dazed) Bill?
A big hurry, be quick about it - so good night, darling, and sleep tight... Wait a minute!
Who was there on the dot, at twelve midnight...? (miserably) Happy birthday, darling...
The reading could have been better, but you said it - now "many happy returns of the day..." (the same) Many happy returns of the day...
I get a party, don't I? Of course, birthday and welcome home... who'll I ask? (laughs) It's no secret, I know all about the party - Eve wrote me...
I love you... (mutters) I'll check with Eve... What?
I love you too.
Good night, darling- See you... Birdie- Hmm?
Night an' day.
Good morning!
It looks better on you than it did on me.
Mr. Sampson's birthday.
I saw Eve quite often after our first meeting, but we never really talked again - until the party Margo gave for Bill when he returned from Hollywood... It's always convenient at a party to know the hostess well enough to use her bedroom rather than go where all the others have to go... Now who's show up at this hour?
Happy?
There should be a new word for happiness.
Being here with Miss Channing has been - I just can't say, she's been so wonderful, done so much for me- (smiles) Lloyd says Margo compensates for underplaying on the stage by overplaying reality... (she gets up, gets her coat) ... next to that sable, my new mink seems like an old bedjacket... (throws it over her shoulder) ... you've done your share, Eve.
(pauses, smiles) Karen.
This you can't do in Times Square... Every now and then, some elder statesman of the Theater or cinema assures the public that actors and actresses are just plain folk.
We are the original displaced personalities... (laughs; to Eve) You don't have to read his column tomorrow - you just heard it.
Well done.
It's like - like waves of love coming over the footlights and wrapping you up.
Imagine... To know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you... they smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong.
(pauses, smiles) To put me to bed?
(to the others) Good night.
(smiles) No, Eve, I won't forget... Bill's welcoming-home-birthday party... a night to go down in history.
(laughs) That French ventriloquist taught you a lot, didn't he?
She's a girl of so many rare qualities.
I don't think that's funny!
I haven't let those become too important to me.
Margo, darling!
A graduate of Copacabana School of Dramatic Arts.
(deferentially) Good evening, Mr. deWitt.
Until now we have met only in passing... That's how you met me.
(smiles) Eve, this is an old friend of Mr. deWitt's mother - Miss Caswell, Miss Harrington... (the two girls say hello) Addison, I've been wanting you to meet Eve for the longest time- (murmurs) It could only have been your natural timidity that kept you from mentioning it... You've heard of her great interest in the Theater- We have that in common.
You won't bore him, honey.
Go make him happy.
Amen.
Second, it's my piano.
Then without feeling, your guests were also wondering whether the music couldn't be a shade more on the - shall we say, happier side?
I love you, Max.
I love you.
She loves me like a father.
(in the b.g.) Imagine... to know, every night, that different hundreds of people love you...
They smile, their eyes shine - you've pleased them, they want you, you belong.
I've come to read with her.
Brilliant, vivid, something made of music and fire... How nice.
He listened to his play as if someone else had written it, he said, it sounded so fresh, so new, so full of meaning... How nice for Lloyd.
And how nice for Eve.
How nice for everybody.
Feeling better, my dear?
You always do. (to Lloyd) You were about to tell me about Eve... You'd have been proud of her.
She was a revelation... To you, too?
Also that it must have sounded so new and fresh to you - so exciting to have the lines read as you wrote them!
So full of meaning, fire and music!
I love you.
(Margo says "Ha!") I love you.
You're a beautiful and intelligent woman- (Margo says "A body with a voice") - a beautiful and intelligent woman and a great actress- (he waits; Margo says nothing) - at the peak of her career.
You have every reason for happiness- (Margo says "Except happiness") - every reason, but due to some strange, uncontrollable, unconscious drive you permit the slightest action of a kid- (Margo sneers "Kid!") - kid like Eve to turn you into a hysterical, screaming harpy!
(with dignity) I admit I may have seen better days, but I am still not to be had for the price of a cocktail - like a salted peanut.
(laughs) Margo, let's make peace.
Just being happy?
Then it comes up again and everything's fine.
(smiles grimly) That suddenly makes the whole thing believable.
Sensitive, understanding, young, exciting, vibrant- - don't run out of adjectives, dear.
Margo's great.
(murmurs) It's going to be a cozy weekend.
(quietly) How fortunate that I have an understudy so ready, so willing and so able to go on.
Thank you, Lloyd.
He's in love with you.
Bill's in love with Margo Channing.
He's fought with her, worked with her, loved her... but ten years from now - Margo Channing will have ceased to exist.
Those years stretch as the years go on.
Well... Let's not fumble for excuses, not here and now with my hair down.
To so many things I want to be for Bill... funny business, a woman's career.
That's one career all females have in common - whether we like it or not - being a woman.
But those who remained cheered loudly, lustily and long for Eve... how thoughtful of her to call and invite me - that afternoon... ... and what a happy coincidence that several representatives of other newspapers happened to be present.
You can be proud of yourself, you've got a right to be.
(quietly) Are you proud of me, Bill?
(smiles) When I told you what every young actress should know.
I've heard the most wonderful things about your performance- Mostly relief that I managed to stagger through it at all...
She was magnificent.
(smiles) A happy coincidence.
(smiles) Margo.
It's new Margo.
It get better!
(smiles) You've got to admit it would be a novelty.
Now you're quoting Addison.
For a bottle of wine.
(smiles) Margo in the Cub Room.
I'm glad Bill's back.
I was good.
You were great.
Next time tell your lover to blow smoke rings - or tap a glass... Lloyd, I want you to be big about this... the world is full of love tonight, no woman is safe... (angrily) This beats all world's records for running, standing and jumping gall! (reading) "Please forgive me for butting into what seems such a happy occasion - but it's most important that I speak with you.
(she smiles grimly) And don't act as if I were the queen mother.
And none of it is easy.
(smiles grimly) You've really got a low opinion of me, haven't you?
You were my friends...
He can help you.
(smiles) Yes, you will.
I had a time persuading him... (she smiles, now) ... you'd better sit down.
A foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady... that's for me.
Grown-up women only, I might even play a mother - only one child, of course, not over eight... (they all smile) Lloyd, will you promise not to be angry with me? (smiles) That depends.
And a fine play.
But not for me anymore - not a foursquare, upright, downright, forthright married lady.
It means I've finally got a life to live!
What's so funny?
Everything... everything's so funny... Lloyd never got around, somehow - to asking me whether it was all right with me for Eve to play "Cora"... Bill, oddly enough, refused to direct the play at first - with Eve in it.
Lloyd and Max finally won him over... Margo never came to a rehearsal, too much to do around the house, she said.
No, Eve didn't say to call him, but I remembered I saw Mr. Richards with her a couple of times - and I thought they being such good friends... (into phone) Hello...hello, this is Lloyd Richards.
To the Theater world - New Haven, Connecticut, is a short stretch of sidewalk between the Shubert Theater and the Taft Hotel, surrounded by what looks very much like a small city.
And tomorrow morning you will have won your beachhead on the shores of Immortality... (grins) Stop rehearsing your column... Isn't it strange, Addison?
Stars.
Plenty of time for a nice long nap - we rehearsed most of last night...
But not all of it - not that Lloyd and I are going to be married.
Congratulations, skol - good work, Eve!
I Have not come to New Haven to see the play, discuss your dreams, or to pull the ivy from the walls of Yale!
That instinct is worth millions, you can't buy it, cherish it, Eve.
But life in the brewery was apparently not as dull as you pictured it.
Also a contempt for humanity, an inability to love or be loved, insatiable ambition - and talent.
(smiles) I don't care if I never get home.
Danny wins.
King-four.
Queen-ace.
Danny wins again.
A second dealer relieves the first, and Danny recognizes him with a smile -- this wasn't the friend he was scouting for, but two hours out of the joint any familiar face is welcome.
Good evening, guys.
A WAITRESS enters from the club, and DANCE MUSIC with her.
As she distributes a fresh round: One McCallum neat.
(shouting over music) How's the game going?!! It's been the longest hour of my life.
The Bartender, not able to hear him, smiles and flashes a thumbs-up before moving away.
Cool, man! Behind the bar two go-go dancers writhe behind red-light- district windows, and Rusty catches his own fatigued expression in their reflection.
The bouncer mentioned there was a game in progress.
This should be fun.
Diamonds?
Everyone digests that.
But does he have enemies with loose cash and nothing to lose... (smiles, realizing) Aha.
(smiles, too) Aha.
Yeah, thanks.
You mind if we borrow a couple drawings for the night?
No, it was good.
You guys are pros, the best.
Thank you so much for setting us straight.
It was our pleasure.
The Bellagio, Mirage, and the M.G.M. Grand.
Be good working with professionals again.
There's a bomb in the... (in Chinese, then English) Ladies and gentlemen: the amazing Yen.
Saul, you're the best there is.
I got a duplex now, I got wall-to-wall and a goldfish, I'm seeing a nice lady, she works the unmentionables counter at Macy's.
Said you were the best set of hands he ever saw.
You do this job, he'll be trading on yours.
That's the best lift I've seen you make yet.
Gentlemen: welcome to Las Vegas.
Good.
I'll be right back, honey.
Thanks, Charmaine.
Fine, thanks.
Hey... Hey... get your own balloons.
Thanks.
For practice.
They are beautiful vans.
Well, I thank you for your time, Mister...?Billy Tim Yes, Denham, like a jean.
I went through a fragrance-free period last year, but now I'm liking this new brand fortified with rose hip.
You know: they say cinnamon is wonderful for your pores.
(big smile) That would be lovely.
This is nice material.
You seen my... (handing him Rolaids) Bought you a fresh roll.
Good afternoon, sir.
Overlooking the whole enterprise is Danny, grinning from ear to ear, happy in his work.
Well, this is mine.
Tess... I've seen her happier.
Benedict moves toward the painting, and as he does he catches Tess in his glance, and his smile deepens.
She belongs to everyone who comes into my hotel.
You're doing a great job curating the museum.
Simple but vibrant.
I'll make this quick.
A light smile from Tess.
Does he make you laugh?
Benedict approaches, stands off to the right, watching.
Saul wins.
Bank wins -- natural nine.
I'd love to, Mr. Zerga, but the gaming board would feed me to my white tigers.
Reminds me of my youth.
Hand-to-hand combat doesn't interest me.
I'd be happy to put it in the house safe for you.
(beat) You have to admit there's a conflict of interest when you give me advice about my love life.
G'bye, honey...
Make it a sawbuck.
(to Basher and Yen) You two ready?
Danny smiles and shakes his head.
Are you alive?
Punching up a new set of views from the Eye In The Sky, Livingston thrusts forward, alarmed by one.
You boys have a nice trip?
Rusty, smiling, looks to Linus, glowering, then to Danny.
She smiles at him in the mirror.
A gift.
(breathes deep) Thanks.
(as Linus smiles, feeling good about himself) Now don't fuck up.
Linus's smile disappears as he continues to bounce.
While Linus does his best to play it cool, Benedict dips into his portfolio.
(beginning to sweat this a bit, nerves overtaking him) Wonderful.
Enjoy the fight.
(shaking his hand, then hurrying away) Thank you.
Linus smiles after him, withdrawing the page of combinations he lifted off the man.
Frank smiles and goes on his way, his job complete.
There's a KNOCK at the door, and the Goons smile: Danny's about to find out who.
Danny smiles at the Bruiser, and the Bruiser snarls back, showing off those gums.
The fighters break from their corners, feinting, jabbing... Sitting ringside: Benedict looks at Tess and smiles as she winces at the first sharp blow.
(into his mike) Ready.
He picks a point on the horizon, like Babe Ruth, and suddenly... ... One... OCEAN'S 11 - Rev. 10/24/00 118.
All the lights are back on, and Basher observes his achievement with great pride, his job complete.
No, but you're sweet to ask.
Several MUTED but powerful BLASTS.
Amazing?
Smiles all around.
This is better.
That's the deal.
(Leader's voice) First wave, in! Second wave, now! (there is RUNNING, PANTING, then Linus's voice, distant and panicked) Guys, someone's here!
Enough monkey business.
Well, that's very interesting... (beat) ... but I didn't have anything to do with it.
He grins.
She keeps going.
And the eight SWAT members reappear, now all in suits, perfectly pressed, and with grins on their faces and change in their pockets, they begin their victory stroll, single-file and sloppy... right down the... Turk, Livingston, Frank, Basher, Yen, Saul, Linus and Rusty march down the strip single-file, and when they come to an intersection... ... Virgil and Reuben, also in suits, fall into stride for a victory lap in front of the Bellagio fountains.
The great metal gate opens once more, revealing Danny Ocean in its frame again, ready for release.
He looks forward -- no one's there to greet him, and the view of New Jersey looks no brighter than it did before.
Your hair's grayer.
(beat) How's life?
Life... is a roomful of pillows.
She smiles at him.
(smiling back, then) I'm not sure these belong to me.
Danny kisses Tess.
Th e kids can see their grandparents.
My Godl When did this all ha ppen? - Just today.
It's a good opportunit y.
'It's great'.
You finally got to headqu arter?
I sit in a room w ith Clarence and the rest of them and the only way I know something's funny is when everyone else laughs.
Everything, all day, it' s just (gestures) this much off.
Do me a favor.
You can't say to me a Lincoln is better than a Cadillac.
Cadi llac got more acceleration, more power, more-- better handling, better looking, more legroom for yo ur legs , m ore po wer -- You said that.
You Don the Jeweler?
That's a beauty, eh?
Daddy, will you be home Easter?
Mommy, will Daddy be home Easter?
(stern) You be proud of what your father does.
T ha t' s n ot the point.
A storefront for fenced goods.
Watches a MAN, indistinct in the background, sipping coffee at the bar.
Don the Jeweler?
Ain't a leech, good earner.
Lefty watches him.
Hogue listens o n headpho nes.
H e's a j ewe l g uy.
Hand me them pliers.
This is the best car I ever had.
Give me a hand with this.
Lef ty looks i nside.
(satisfied) It's clean.
(they nod) How'd Minx's Magic do in the fifth?
You're the one that's out ten grand.
(proud) Yeah, he does look dangerous, don't he?
LOUISE, early 30s, a good-looking woman in stretch pants, brings Lefty a SPRITZER.
That's a good business, jewels?
Good money in it?
You keep your nose clean, be a good earner, listen to what I s chool you -- there ai n't a crystal ball big enough for what we could do.
Well, they should be home anyway.
He's a nice kid.
Nice family.
See s hi s daughter Terry as she kisses her boyfriend good night.
(sings) 'Love on the rocks, ain't no surprise.'
For your birthday.
(laughing) Lefty thought he's : gonna get whackedl (laughing) What a pisserl What, over that 175 grand you owe down in Little Italy?
That's a good thing.
She's a good woman, Louise.
I'll tell you something--I went in front of all the skippers, Sonny Red and Philly Lucky and all of them.
It's interesting that you would say that, though.
That's the only way I can deal with this, with the photographs and memories and our children, and I go on with my life.
The girls WATCH with Donnie.
That'll teach you to improve your penmanship.
He's looking for partners that can give him peace of mind.
The Beach? Tampa.
Thank you.
The economy gotta be good for there to be good moneymaking for crooks.
(more) NICKY (Cont'd) (gestures) You grab her by those big fuc kin g e ars -- Uproarious LAUGHTER from the group.
Listen to me, D onnie.
Sonny smiles, turns to the others.
bring them closer to God.
I ' d like to bring them closer to God.
Lefty loves boa ts.
Kiss Jones, how many do I have solid?
Si x ty .
When's it gonna be ready?
It'll be ready when you come back down.
Bursey moves to the coffee machine.
Sounds good to me.
half-eaten, with the elided legend, "HAPPY SWEET SIXTEEN, TERRY."
That's how I live my life.
Give me a hug.
Donnie convenes a FAMILY MEETING over breakfast.
I called this family meeting because there's something we have to t alk a bout.
I kn ow what I'm doing involves a lot of sacrifice from everyone, but this is something patriotic for the country that you can all be proud of.
That was the deal.
That's the deal.
Well, Mr. 'Anderson', you've topped yourself.
I'm telling you, it's good to be back in New York.
Good evening.
watches them from his table.
The guys LAUGH.
Hands at their guns... holds his hands up, palms up.
His wife gives Sonny a perfunctory kiss on the cheek.
She and Boobie's wife climb into Sonny's new Mercedes.
Lefty finishes his spritzer.
Terry listens by the door.
I am out there risking my life, 18, 20 hours a day, weekends, Christmas-- You don't have to tell me, Joe.
Sleeping Beauty and I are going out to the woodshed.
In my next life I ' m gonna marry a Jewish doctor.
Sonny Red and Anthony Bruno follow him down... Philly Lucky starts the oar.
His hand trembles with adrenaline.
Th en piv ots aga in.
Hi s f ree hand f umbles in the kitch en drawer.
Start what you finish.
Christmas decorations, and a tree.
Lefty watches a NATURE PROGRAM on TV.
I ' m your best friend, Donnie.
That's right, Left--you're my best friend.
They G RAB .
Congratulations.
I'm too close!
He gives Louise a kiss.
Photos of Lefty's rooftop.
Hey, baby, what's happening!
How are you, baby?
Great, great, fantastic.
Fantastic.
I'm gonna open the shop, baby, I'm gonna open the shop.
How? (rising) Right now -- I'm at the epitome of my life.
Honey, what happened?
I can't talk about it now, baby.
I am? You're great.
(looking up now) Oh yes.
(smiling) Right.
Great.
Wonderful woman.
Great.
Right, that's right.
(smiling) You do know what money's like these days.
George was adorable but it drove me crackers.
(seating her) It's great.
Calm down, baby.
(calming down) I'm perfectly calm, George, I'm simply saying you have no respect for me, that you're incapable of distinguishing between me and one of your average Hollywood... mummers... -- What? Nummers.
(laughing, too) -- Oh my yes.
Hey, baby, what's happening?
Great.
Great.
Oh, great, listen, baby, I gotta get back, okay?
Great... can we talk later?
You're looking great, baby.
The shop.
I think you're a good investment, and I don't mind telling him.
Hey, listen, baby, I'm a star.
Hey, baby, say hello to Felicia.
Yeah, baby.
That's great.
You look great, baby, great.
Great.
(finally) Look... you do well for people, they don't ask you to stop.
Well, let's go down together.
Great... so how's everything with you?
Oh, about six weeks now... Lester -- well, he's very sweet.
Honey, I'll see you later.
Well, what is it, honey?
You say things are great with Lester.
One minute he's up in the air and makes love to me five times a day and tells me everything's going to be great and he's getting his own shop and then suddenly he disappears and he won't even talk to me.
Thank you, Mona.
No, doll, I listen to you.
He's a nice boy.
You're in a good mood today, George.
Yeah, baby.
Things are great.
Listen, there's Devra, whatta you want?
Yeah, baby, how's it going?
(to Anjanette) It's great.
I thought you were in a good mood.
Well, it's a small town.
Great.
She's incredible... (after a moment) She loves you, George.
It was after you, baby.
Baby...
(softly) George... (staring at her) Yeah, baby... You're a genius.
(grabbing it, thrilled) You're a genius, do you know that, you're a genius?
(nearer) Hey, baby, are you sleeping?
(warily) I do her hair, yeah.
Yeah... I've made it with a girl... Well, are you?
(laughing a little) Yeah.
(laughing) Of course not... he's sort of a boyfriend.
Good for you.
(touched) It's okay, honey... it's okay now.
Comb my hair out later, honey.
No, baby... I'm glad you're coming tonight.
Ha, ha.
Hi, doll.
Glad to meet you, Jill, Mr. Pope.
Jesus, she's my best friend.
George, darling.
(without batting an eye) Hey, baby, what's happening.
I've been looking forward to seeing you.
Holy Christ.
Well anyway... (to Felicia) Your hair looks -- well fabulous.
Well, commercials.
I read for a soap the other day.
I tell you I never had such a good time.
(a desperate smile) Hello, George.
-- go ahead.well
You were great.
You were great.
... and so... to have this man... here... among us... who has helped... as has everyone here to bring so many people together... of all races, creeds, and colors... Lester.
-- this tells of the ancient grandmother who, upon seeing the garden gate of her childhood, stops a moment and says, hello garden gate, hello garden gate, garden gate, hello.
(finally exasperated) -- look, Felicia, this party involves more than you and me, you know.
Yes and you don't have to be sarcastic about it, that's a beautiful thing he's doing -- some people do more than go to the beauty parlor and shop at Saks -- Lester, you're a miserable man.
-- look, you don't have to entertain me... (a slight laugh) Am I entertaining you?
We're friends.
-- oh -- well that's good, isn't it?
(still holding her) Gee... that's wonderful, Jill.
Well we'd love to, but we're going to another party.
Well... that's wonderful -- I'll stop by there for a drink.
Who loves a big fanny on a man?
(laughing) Johnny!
(she hugs him) Why didn't you tell me before?
Let's get out of here before good old Les catches up with us again.
(finally) -- we're kidding ourselves.
Jill, honey?
Hey, Red Dog.
Okay... thanks...
Look... uh -- I love you.
I do love you.
... well I'm glad you told me.
Does it make you happy?
Well... who are those guys?
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, the clap.
(to hoods) Go easy on him, he's a nice boy.
God, I'm beat.
(he's had about enough) Look, Norman, I'm not the shampoo girl.
-- yes, honey, you've got to get out of here.
I mean I'm a fuckup, but I'll take care of you, I'll make you happy, I swear to God I will.
Thank you, sir.
(back to the field) Let's go, let's get two!
It was oregano, Dave, it was ten dollars worth of oregano.
Sam, how's the baby?
Thank you, Isaac, that's nice of you.
Kaffee'll finish this up in four days.
Tell your friend not to get cute down there.
Why don't you and I have lunch at the "O" club, we'll talk about the training of young William.
The men in his squad would give him a G.I. shower.
Scrub brushes, brillo pads, steel wool... Beautiful.
Welcome to the big time.
Very nice woman, we talked for about an hour.
Love makes the world go round.
The baby spoke.
Your daughter made a sound, Sam, I'm not sure it was a word.
(beat) Danny, take the twelve years, it's a gift.
Dramamine keeps you cool?
Thank you.
Good call, Sam.
Thank you.
Pleased to meet you, Commander.
I've asked Captain Markinson and Lt. Kendrick to join us.
Lt. Kaffee, I had the pleasure of seeing your father once.
Thank you.
(standing) Thank you.
Thank you.
There is, believe me gentlemen, nothing sexier on earth than a woman you have to salute in the morning.
Thank you.
I'll see tomorrow morning at the arraignment.
(continuing) "Wow, Kaffee, you're the greatest lawyer in the world.
Well zippity-doo-dah.
You're going to Levenworth for the better part of your life, and you know what?
What are the magic words?
(to SAM) You're a good man, Charlie Brown.
And if you've gained a certain respect for me over the last three weeks that you didn't have before, well, of course I'm happy about that, but we don't have to make a whole big deal out of it.
Good tip.
(pause) I'll do my best.
Corporal, did Lt.
Then we'll adjourn for the day.
Thank you, sir.
Your Honor, we re-new our objection to Commander Stone's testimony, and ask that it be stricken from the record.
I'll meet you tonight.
Not on my watch."
Good enough.
Thank you.
We're gonna win.
You are like seven of the strangest women I have ever met.
That was nice work today.
But in the meantime I'm gonna put the Apostle Jon Kendrick on the stand and see if we can't have a little fun.
Batter up, J.J. Lt. Kendrick, in your opinion, was Private Santiago a good marine?
Thank you.
He's gonna be fine.
Thank you.
I'm sure it is, sir, they keep that log pretty good.
It's a ways, sir, it's a hike.
That day, sir.
(pause) I'll make a pot of coffee.
She's gonna make coffee.
Look, we'll go to Randolph in the morning and make a motion for a continuance.
Your passion is comforting, Jo.
Is your father proud of you?
He was one of the best trial lawyers ever.
(beat) From the first day, you were a lawyer.
The defense didn't have an opportunity to depose this witness, your honor.
Thank you.
Your honor, these are the telephone records from GITMO for August 6th.
(to JESSEP) Upon hearing the news that he was finally getting his transfer, Santiago was so excited, that do you know how many people he called?
Your honor -- The objection's noted.
(continuing) Is this funny, sir?
You made it clear just a moment ago that your men never take matters into their own hands.
You have that luxury.
Because deep down, in places you don't talk about at parties, you want me on that wall.
Thanks, I can't.
How 'bout a celebration?
Sounds good.
Thanks, Baby.
Get that for me, will ya baby?
That's good money.
Thanks.
Listen to music.
Come over and give me a motherfuckin' hug.
Thank you... thank you... thank you.
You goddam right!
You think you're a good guy.
It's cause you think you're a good guy, and you think there's certain things a good guy won't do.
And you best believe it aint gonna be me.
(to Dargus) Who's your friend?
You have the right to say "no."
That is if you're willing to cooperate.
You got a good lawyer?
Before we start talking about stewardess, let's get Beaumont out of the way first.
(smiles) Brown, Jackie Brown.
She's my friend.
You got stewardesses bringing you fifty grand.
Why would a stewardess bring me fifty grand?
Well, come back when you do, and I'll bond out the stewardess.
I wrote him on Monday.
How many trips did you make?
He kept on me till I finally said okay.
Well, then, why don't you be a good hostess and make me a screwdriver?
You gonna thank me?
The same guy who put me in, thanks a lot.
Well, that's mighty honorable of you.
It wouldn't be legal, but if it makes - Thanks, but I have my own now.
It looks nice.
You look great.
Ha-ha-ha.
It's right on Hawthorne Boulevard and Manhattan Beach Boulevard.
Coughing's good - gets ya higher.
Way ahead of you.
The beach.
Thank you, sir.
Please.
Course he did, he tells everybody who'll listen.
She's adorable.
Then it's up to Ray Nicolet, the A.T. F. guy to follow the shopping bag.
He's being real nice to me.
What does his being nice to you have to do with him wanting Ordell's money?
He's a young guy havin' fun being a cop.
He's more interested in Ordell than the money.
Under the table, right next to mine.
Do you live together?
He say is a surprise.
Well, Sheronda, it was nice talking to you.
(smiling) 'Cause she my fine little surfer gal.
(smiling) She my fine little surfer gal.
You have a nice time, hear?
I don't want no more fuckin' surprises.
You and him friends now?
Thanks.
Buy ya a beer?
Thanks, anyway.
I'll tell you a secret.
Great... (calling to the bartender) ... Wanda!
Coors, Sam, Rolling Rock, and Killian's Red.
Mr. Walker's my buddy.
(smiling) Keep it between us girls?
(getting off the barstool) I don't think so, but thanks for the beer.
You two meet?
He was with Ordell at an apartment in Hermosa Beach.
But he doesn't live in Hermosa Beach.
Well, it's true, isn't it?
Yeah, well, it's not a point of view that A.T.F.
shares.
I'm glad you realize that.
Whatever looks best and starts the soonest.
Have fun.
Can I help you?
You look so cool.
Are you kidding, it looks great.
But you can go out dancing in this too.
Thanks.
Yeah, do you like it?
It looks good on you.
But thanks, anyway.
Thanks, I won't.
You look so cool.
You've spent nineteen years dealing with people who take incredible risks.
Thanks.
(calm) So you light, ain't you.
If it'll make you happy.
You didn't pay for your snazzy new suit with marked bills; I was glad to see that.
Well, give it to me then.
You help her?
(laughs) That I gotta see.
She was my blonde-headed little surfer gal.
Ordinarily she's too cool for school.
Thank you.
It was fun getting a half-a-million dollars in the mail.
Thank you for saying that, but no.
(grateful to have the chance) I wanted to thank you, Mother, for bringing me into this world.
For raising me so well.
She raises the morphine level... Daisy closes her eyes... drifting with the morphine... and a thought, a dream, a sound, crosses her mind... and she says... They built that train station in 1918.
And we see a TUBA BAND is playing while a ribbon cutting ceremony is taking place across the steps of the new Oom-pah-pah, oom-pah-pah...The finest clockmaker in all of the South built that clock...
The slightest of smiles crosses Daisy's lips... saying to herself again... "Mr.
Cake..." We see a diminutive man in a frock coat with small, delicate hands, "Mr.
More than a few clocks stroke midnight, a handsome Creole Woman comes into the workshop...
He was married to a Creole of Evangeline Parish and they had a son.
...The clockmaker his fine hands blindly working...
It says, "New Orleans."
I was told it was an especially good night to be born... (seeing him) Why are you here?
You are going to be alright, my dearest darling...
She gave her life for me...
I had ten children... there's not a baby I can't care for... let me see him... (startled) God in heaven, he looks just like my ex-husband... He's prematurely old... Doctor Rose said he don't have much time on this earth... Join the club.
You have such a lovely voice.
Stop bangin' that fork... (fixing it in his arthritic hand) It's for eating, not for playin' with...
It was a place of great routine... Every morning at 5:30, no matter the weather... General Winslow, U.S. Army Retired... raised the flag...
Mrs. Sybil Wagner, once a noted opera singer... well, she'd sing, Wagner... We're gonna put some life into these old sticks for you... get you walkin'... Breakfast was served promptly at six.
Gravy.
On Saturday nights I would go to Queenie's church... What can I do for you, Sister?
(laughs) God bless you.
This is a man who has optimism in his heart!
Now God is going to see you the rest of the way... He's going to see this little old man walk without the use of a crutch or a cane...! He's going walk by himself on faith and divine inspiration alone...! We'll show that Devil where to go...! Walk on...! Don't touch him!
Now walk, my old friend... Walk on...! Let the Lord carry you... ... Now, when I look back on it, it was kind of miraculous...
A lit cake is being brought in celebrating General Winslow's birthday.
It was a wonderful place to grow up.
They laugh.
The Big White Man brings us to St. Louis, where they make our village at the 1904 World's Fair...
At night we're done bein' "savages..." we go over the wall into The Rosebud... we drank and laughed until the sun come up... and then we savages again...
But I tell you a little secret I find out.
It would be good to sit by my river again.
You ready, sugar.
(respectful of his age) It's a pleasure to meet you, Sir.
It had been the best day of my life.
They're in the pheasant family.
He loved you from the first time he saw you.
(without complaint) Nobody has ever loved me that way.
He crossed out something... and then he's written... "When..." "...When the baby came things were different..." I moved into my own room in the attic...
It's funny how sometimes the people we remember the least, make the greatest impression on us.
...She taught me how to play the piano...
Hair, had started growing, in all sorts of places... Along with other things...
(finishing with the drip) There, that should make things easier.
(shouts) My fourt' hand didn't show up... Anybody want to make $2 for a day's work around here... What's wrong, nobody wants to get their hands dirty...! Nobody wants to do an honest days work for an honest day's pay...! (warning them) He never pays...
That's good enough for me!
(laughs) Tha's a good one..."
But Benjamin being just a boy... and this being the first time, his excitement gets the immediate best of him... Ohhh...! (hopping up) Come by anytime...
And we see Benjamin, at the door, happily smiling... Thank you... (hurting) No, thank you... Benjamin, floating on air, hovering, never wants to leave... Have a nice night... You'll be here tomorrow?
It's a night for firsts... How is that?
If you'll let me pay for it, Mr. Button... What kind of work do you do? (proud of himself) I'm a tugboat man.
I enjoyed talking to you...
(happily) Goodnight, Benjamin.
I loved the weekends when she would come and spend the night with her grandmother.
She had taught me how to play the piano.
The asocial Pleasant... talking to himself as he works... Benjamin standing on the bow of the old tug as it sloughs through a fog on the high seas... ready to see the world.
A large open DANCE LOFT.
And we see Daisy, dancing for a selection committee seated on metal chairs... Daisy moving with technical proficiency -- but it's bloodless, without any real distinction...
Then he wrote me... "I've met somebody... and I've fallen in love..." And we see Daisy, sitting on the dance floor reading the very same POSTCARD, brokenhearted... Places everybody... Once again...
The music starts... Now as Daisy dances... it is filled with pathos and lost love...and everyone takes notice.
Daisy reading the very postcard some sixty odd years later... as if reading it for the first time... "...I've met somebody...and I've fallen in love..." My, that was over... (and realizing) ...sixty years ago.
She's quiet, looking out the window... Did you love him, mother?
And Benjamin stands on the bow... ready to see the world...
We stayed at a small hotel with the grand name, "The Winter Palace."
I saws this tattoo puts on a man's back in Singapore by Sakumoro, the greatest tattoo artist ever lived.
Its heart rate's twelve hunerd beats a minute...! Its wings beats eighty times a second...! If you was to stop their wings from beatin, they would be dyin' in less than ten seconds...This is no ordinary bird, this is a frikkin' miracle!
Isn't that right darling?
They were long days there... Benjamin on the tug, but it's less fun now, not much adventure, just hard work... Fighting the snow and the wind, they tow a large freighter into port... Benjamin, in his small room, cold air blasting through the windows, looking out the window into the snowy night...
He looks for tea... Puts water in a kettle...
As he watches the kettle boil... Elizabeth, her arms folded across her chest as if she were chilled, stands by the door... Benjamin, without asking, takes a cup for her... Milk...? Honey...? Some honey, thank you.
He finds a large honey jar... and seeing some dead flies in with the sweet syrup he asks... Do you like flies with your tea?
She smiles...for the first time...
A thin smile...
She smiles at the idea... Another one... that goes as quickly as it's come...
And it's quiet again... My husband's the British Trade Minister.
New Orleans, Louisiana.
The first hint of daylight... Thank you for the tea...
There is something peaceful, even comforting, knowing that people you love are asleep in their beds, where nothing can harm them... Queenie and Tizzy asleep together in her bed... Their child on the floor...
I happen to think he is one of the smartest and most considerate men I ever met.
He laughs.
She looks through her wine glass at him... Do you notice how people look better through a wine glass...
It was the first time a woman had ever kissed me.
(self-conscious) I'm not dressed -- You're delicious just as you are...
They sit at a table... which she has set for them... Caviar and Vodka... Don't bother with the cheese or the wine here, they're quite common... but the caviar and the vodka are plentiful and sublime...
If you eat it all at once there will be nothing left to enjoy... savor it...
Easy old timer.
And the Cook, Prentis Mayes...
And the cook walks off.
I grew up cooking, sir.
And filled with fervor, they give a cheer.
She wrote, "it was nice to have met you."
The Chief Gunner loved the Navy, and most of all, he loved America.
There is no other country in the world...! When YOU spell America, A.M.E.R.I.C.A. You're spelling freedom...! We see the young Gunnery Mate, no more than nineteen... sitting at his post on a high caliber machine gun... ready to kick some enemy ass... His name was Dennis Smith and he was a full blooded Cherokee... His family had been in America for over five hundred years.
It must be pretty there.. Pleasant Curtis doesn't say a word.
The men; including Dennis Smith, Pleasant Curtis, John Grimm, the "fighting" Brody twins, Benjamin serving them, silently eating dinner, rolling with endless rolling Ocean.
Pleasant Curtis seemingly asleep in his bunk below him... Benjamin looking out at the black sea... and out of the silence Pleasant Curtis for the first time speaks... I've been watching you.
And as he holds Benjamin's hand ready to meet his maker...
I can't get over you -- You are so lovely...
...Beautiful.
He said, "The most beautiful," Mother.
I would love that...
And the moment's gone... ...And we see a taxi door being opened in slow motion... and Daisy, dressed for the night, glides out... a man helping her... and we see Benjamin a step behind getting out of the car... dressed to the nines... hair slicked, elegant... but nonetheless, a step behind...
And we hear Daisy's voice, from somewhere else... ...I danced for a man named Ballenchine...He's a famous choreographer.
He isn't the only one, Agnes DeMille, Lincoln Kirstein, Richard Pleasant, Lucia Chase...There's a whole new word for dance now, it's called abstract..." The door to the restaurant held open for Daisy... another man showing her inside... Benjamin forgotten for the slightest of moments at the door... going after her.
Daisy as a maitre d in slow motion is showing her to a table... Men's, and even women's, eyes following her... ...They have torn up all the conventions... the straight up and down style, all the things that bound dancers...It's not about the formality of the dance...the classical structure...it's about what the dancer's feeling...there are no rules; the movement can be tense or relaxed, abrupt or flowing, carefree or somber, it may suggest love or hate, attraction or repulsion.
And she told me about this world that she was so attracted to... names that didn't mean a thing to me...I didn't really hear very much of what she was saying.
We watch them at the table... Benjamin listening, appreciating her... her face aglow with the intensity and the passion of youth... Caviar is brought over... vodka...
They drink the vodka washing it down... she laughs, delighted...
He instinctively looks for matches, a man gets there first, lighting her cigarette for her... he watches the smoke curl around her... appreciating her...
I eat breakfast in a diner on Houston with red booths and watch the sun come up over the buildings... there's always something to do... Which is in stark contrast to Benjamin's life... Daisy, takes off her shoes... Dancers... don't need costumes or scenery.
And showing him what she's been telling him about, she does a dance for him...
While she dances... Have you read "D.H. Lawrence," his books were banned...
The words are like making love....
She comes next to him and she kisses him... and when he doesn't respond... she tries a different tact...
You look so handsome in that suit... your hair...
The Nurse goes off down the hall, her voice telling people the good news... Isn't that good news, Mother?
But Daisy is in still another place and another time... Good news?
She looks at the book.
The hallway filled with: photographs of the Button Family.
Thomas pointing out relatives... Family photographs... ...A great uncle, from Germany.
(and a group picture) All of the men in the family at the Lake House... (notices the date on it) 1915, three years before you were born.
Your grandfather at the summer house on Lake Pontchartrain.
When I was a boy I would love to wake up before anybody else and run down to the lake to watch the day begin.
I fell in love with her the first time I saw her.
The happiest day of my life was April 25th, 1918 the day I married your mother.
They move along the hallway... Benjamin looking at the photographs... his bloodlines...
Come and take your rightful place... with your family... with me...
I better go.
Benjamin in the dark hallway, quietly walking among the photographs of "his" family.
We see Benjamin standing at his father's gravesite in the family plot, with ornate headstones...
They silently stare up at him.... Well, I don't know the first thing about buttons...and I don't know a thing about business... (after a beat) Button's Buttons has been in my father's family for over 100 years.
A Taxi parked... Its Driver finishing a cup of coffee...
Daisy and her friend came out of the theater... Daisy and her friend, carrying their dance bags, coming down the steps out of the theater, coming along the street to the corner...
The girl and boy happily kissing... ...Or the man had set his alarm and got up five minutes earlier.
The woman getting into the other cab... she beats somebody for... Daisy and her friend would have crossed the street... Daisy and her friend crossing the street... Daisy, showing her friend her dance move, doing a pirouette... ...and the taxi would have driven by them...
Your friend wired me.
Where you can be with people who love you.
New Orleans is your home...
We're not little children playing under the table... Remember, when you came to New York.
I want you to stay out of my life!
And they kiss, A kiss that has waited for thirty years.
A kiss that has waited a lifetime.
While they kiss and caress each other.
I lived in Lyon... Benjamin and Daisy undressing one another, touching, kissing... ...I learned to walk again Daisy and Benjamin, naked, passionately kissing... ...I worked in a flower shop...
They lay on the bed, kissing, caressing... ...I went to American movies a lot.
Kisses her body.
And as they make love in the old bedroom...
Under millions of stars.
Benjamin and Daisy making love on a blanket on the deck... Benjamin and Daisy asleep on a secluded beach.
(laughs) That's easy for you to say... You'll have plenty of chances.
She tenderly touches his hand...
I love your wrinkles.
She smiles... Will you still love me when I can't stand straight... when my skin grows old and spotted... Benjamin laughs.
She laughs... Will you still love me when I think all girls have cooties... Will you still love me when I wet my bed at night... Will you still love me when I'm afraid of things that aren't real...
He comes back into bed...
And you said... Goodnight, Benjamin.
He loved me as I was.
I loved him for who he was.
I wanted to tell you I love you and your mama's gone...
And she bends, sweetly kissing him...
Queenie came to tell me she loved me... and that my mother was gone.
When finally an old Woman, who's been sleeping, comes out of her bedroom... It's Benjamin, Mrs. Carter...
And as they watch the day begin...
The Nurse, on her way by, seeing her distress... coming in... Let's get you comfortable...
Their eyes meet.
You have the most beautiful eyes.
(says to herself) Peace.
A small dance studio... a scratchy phonograph record playing music... young girls learning how to dance...
She opened a dance studio...
The first time we've seen her dressed like this in many a year... happily teaching young girls how to dance...
We see Daisy alone... cleaning up... music playing on the record player... and for a brief moment she stops, and dances... the smallest, most tentative of steps... she sees in the studio's mirrors Benjamin's been silently watching her... You're still beautiful to watch...
And what she doesn't say, what they both know, is she's going one way and he's going the other...Benjamin affectionately... (smiles) We finally caught up to each other...
What if it has...what if its like me?... Then we'll love it all the more...
Your love, loving you, is worth everything to me.
He smiles...
And as she smiles, after a lifetime of waiting, triumphant...
And he runs out of the room... to see Daisy, fallen, sitting on the stairs... a glass of milk spilled on the carpet... and blood on her nightdress... he runs to a phone... Get me an ambulance... My wife is seven months pregnant and fell on the stairs... Benjamin... the baby's coming...
She gave birth to a five pound four ounce baby girl...
And Benjamin moved, kisses the baby's head... as he looks at this precious child of his...
It doesn't change for a moment who you are.
You were a gift.
Read the rest of it, darling.
He stops to put a bank book on the dresser, along with a house key... the sound of the key is just enough for Daisy to stir.
A look not so much of anger, or hurt, not of resignation, but a look of acceptance... that this is what her life is now...
She takes the baby out of her crib and into bed with her, holding her baby in the bare light... Daisy, in her regal turban, silently looking out the window... the wind knocking loudly again...
She looks at the book...
And she realizes... They're for my birthday.
(reading) 1970...I would have been two... "Happy Birthday."
(reading, another one) "Happy Birthday, you're five."
(reading on) "Happy Birthday six-year-old."
I hope you live the life you wanted to...and if you haven't, I hope you start all over again."
I hope you start all over again..." It's quiet...just the wind knocking...She looks at her mother...but Daisy's staring, somewhere else... (takes up reading again...) I'd been gone for a long time... (echoes) He'd been gone for a long time... To the Dance Studio...
A record's playing piano music.
And she sees a young Man has come in, a young man in his twenties... standing silently, a stranger, standing by the door... Daisy, as she closes up the studio, makes her way toward him, saying goodnight to people... she bends to pick up a ballet slipper... Somebody left their slipper... Daisy looks over, the young Man hasn't moved... the studio has all but emptied... she walks toward him... he's wearing worn trousers, a coat that's seen better days... Are you here to pick someone up?
You ready, Mom? Benjamin stares at her appearance...
This is my friend, Benjamin... you knew him when you were... just a baby... Hi... Hello...
It was nice to have met you... We'll be in the car, darling... I'm just closing up...
And Robert and Caroline go outside to wait for her... She's so lovely... she looks like you... Does she dance?
He's a doctor... was a widower... He's an incredibly bright, adventurous man... Benjamin smiles.
He's been a terrific father... and a great partner and friend...
It's good to meet you Benjamin.
And we see Benjamin, just eight now... coming into the kitchen... Queenie's daughter cleaning up after breakfast.
The "Just So Book.." Her personal things... moving in... Benjamin, playing with the alarm clock, making the alarm go off... again, and again... Benjamin in a small child's bed.
This is the picture of old Man Kangaroo at five in the afternoon, when he got his beautiful hind legs just as Big God Ngong had promised.
I watched as he forgot how to talk... Benjamin almost two... sitting On Daisy's lap in the front room... and saying... Benjamin... (points to her) Daisy... That's right... Benjamin and Daisy... Proud of himself he smiles... ...How to walk...
I watched him sleep... Daisy, sitting on the porch on a rocking chair.
Cake's"... handing it down to another workman...and putting up a new clock... a digital clock...
Daisy sitting in an old chair in the middle of the room... with daylight streaming in on her... holding Benjamin on her lap... a tiny thing now... nearly newborn... he can almost fit in her two old hands...
And he moved his fingers... and with his little thumb he held my thumb... ...and that's just what he does... looking into Daisy's eyes...holding her thumb with his tiny hand...
The baby staring into her blue eyes...
A wonderful feeling.
So it's better if she works at home.
She's one of the best investigators I have.
There's a wealth of data here.
He's who he presents himself to be.
His personal life.
Light of Life.
Forgive me for intruding on your Christmas.
I'm about to sit down to Christmas dinner myself.
Please.
Hedestad is lovely in winter.
It's lovely in the spring.
You said it was lovely in winter.
Welcome.
It's warm.
Thank you for coming way out here.
For now, hot tea is waiting.
Thank you, Dirch.
Mikael, this way.
I have a nice little cottage by the water you can use.
You study the material I give you.
He began his career working for me.
Finds and gives her a small homemade electronic box, which she turns over in her hands.
That's good.
The island is owned by my family.
Two in the family.
So the Good-Old-Mr-Palmgren-Days are over.
I live in Hong Kong now, but come back to Stockholm for family events, and when I do, I drive up to spend a couple days with Martin.
She comes for the moose steak.
That one's good.
I love Henrik.
He's fascinating.
Together they're the Old Sweden and the New.
Martin emerges from the cellar with a bottle of wine in hand and returns with it to the dining room.
It's a matter of health.
If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you.
(she does) And ... (she tugs at his underwear) And ... (she doesn't move; he smiles) I like the reticence.
As promised.
Enjoy your computer games.
Please.
Good.
Engaging.
To the event that altered everything in Henrik's life.
My recollections then were a lot better than they are now.
The taxi that first brought him here to the island, crosses the bridge.
Wonderful!
More wine, Anna.
I think Mikael is adapting well to rustic life, by the way.
He stares at the fire.
I'm leaving this God-forsaken island in the morning.
Salander regards a selection of forearm tattoos: barbed wire, Celtic bands, strings of leaves and flowers.
She rolls up her sleeves and watches him ready the tattoo gun.
He's at his desk, the cat in his lap, reviewing the album of photos taken on the day Harriet disappeared.
Millennium is an excellent magazine.
We also think it's undervalued right now, which is good business for us.
You're enjoying this.
Already it's the most fun I've had in years.
As a clerk rings up the items Salander is buying - bright yellow duct tape and a plastic protective mask - she watches a shot on a TV here of Wennerstrom being interviewed outside his offices - I've always admired Henrik Vanger.
I'm going to make it easier for you.
It's his daughter.
On my way to Skelleftea.
He arrives and gives her a hug.
Patiently waits for her to finish her silent prayer, and smiles bravely.
It's fine, Nilla.
Whatever you want to do is fine.
(smiles) That's what I'm doing.
Everything's good.
The train begins to move.
He opens cabinets looking for the coffee.
Good.
Breakfast is ready.
He smiles.
Who's this friend?
But, upon reflection - I have a feeling you're pretty good at that, even though you weigh - what - ninety pounds?
(nothing from her) Float like a butterfly ... What? (smiles) Come with me, Muhammad.
Once you get to strangers, it's only a matter of time before you get to gypsies, and you know you're never going to solve it.
That's comforting.
Animals.
He watches her a moment.
(heads off to the bedroom) Good night.
Salander browses through an iPhoto album of old photographs of Blomkvist and the motorcycle he mentioned.
Dragon Tattoo Final 9/1/11 SZ It's amazing what you figured out from the parade photos.
Thank you.
He shows her one of the photos.
She smiles at the picture; it brings back good memories.
Which I'd very much like to see if by some miracle you still have them.
We were on our honeymoon.
(which she has in hand) It felt perfunctory, like your heart wasn't in it.
In one she's a stunning young woman.
He gives her his most disarming smile.
Excellent lens.
We're closing.
This girl wants a set of keys now.
Martin smiles, appreciating, perhaps, Blomkvist's "easy" manner in this dire circumstance.
That'll make it more fun.
The older photographs are Polaroids; the newer ones digital prints.
Is she actually there, or part of a dream?
He smiles, thinking it's joke.
Then Salander ... Would the young lady mind giving us a moment of privacy.
A tiny, tiny, tiny smile finds its way to her face at the mention of the word `partner.'
A Cure song plays.
With a little smile.
Young Harriet and her school friends walk along the town's main street past crowds lining it, and we realize we're seeing what we've only seen in still photographs.
There he was - across the street - looking at me with that same little smile on his face.
A clear shot of young Martin in his Uppsala blazer, standing by the corner, smiling at her.
Anita, framed in the bedroom window - like in the photograph - looks out at the activity on the bridge.
The dinner that night.
Harriet does something she hasn't done since they met: smile.
Thank you, Anna.
Frode, Blomkvist and Salander watch.
Bellmen outside the 5-Star Zimmerstahl Hotel attend to the luggage of wealthy guests emerging from nice cars.
Thank you, I have one.
He glances up with a polite smile that's supposed to mask his surprise.
As he walks off into the night, we see it's Bjurman.
The place is trimmed with Christmas decorations again.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Good investment?
You look nice.
Thanks.
Christmas again ... see you soon.
Never showing up with good news.
This is amazing.
Oh, wonderful!
A chain! George saved his brother's life that day.
That's Henry F. Potter, the richest and meanest man in the county.
(with warm friendliness) Hello, George.
Two cents worth of shoelaces?
A new magazine!
I won't ever tell a soul.
It's a good face.
A little present from old man Gower.
Oh, it's wonderful.
Hot dog! Avast there, Captain Cook.
George... Ernie, I'm a rich tourist today.
Good afternoon, Mr. Bailey.
Hey, you look good.
Boys and girls and music.
I think you're a great guy.
Have a good time, son.
Well, you better make it fast.
Putting a pool under this floor was a great idea.
Now, Harry, Sam, have a lot of fun.
Well, why don't you say it?
I love that old house.
I'm gonna build air fields.
I'm gonna build skyscrapers a hundred stories high.
Buffalo Gals can't you come out tonight and dance by the light of the moon.
That's the best part of it.
You know what the three most exciting sounds in the world are?
Oh, am I glad to see you.
Well, I wired you I had a surprise.
Meet the wife.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
(smiling) Well, I'll tell you.
Well, Harry's cup runneth over.
This is the new Mrs.
Old, old friend of the family.
Is it a good job?
It's beautiful up there in the moonlight, and there's a green pool up there, and we can swim in it.
Yes, and my family and... oh, everything.
Thank you.
(singing) "And dance by the light..." What's the matter?
Oh, yeah... yeah... Well, I... (desperately) It was nice about your brother Harry, and Ruth, wasn't it?
Good night!
(to George) Good night!
Oh, well, that's awfully sweet of you, Sam.
(fiercely) Now you listen to me!
He said to float away to Happy Land on the bubbles.
Good old Bert.
The highest hotels the oldest champagne the richest caviar the hottest music, and the prettiest wife!
Don't look now, but there's something funny going on over there at the bank, George, I've never really seen one, but that's got all the earmarks of a run.
A holiday? George... Come on in, everybody.
Holy mackerel!
George, was it a nice wedding?
kisses her) Bless your heart, Of course you can have it.
(counting) Six... five... four... three... two... one... Bingo!
Get a tray for these great big important simoleons.
A toast!
A toast!
A toast to Papa Dollar and to Mama Dollar, and if you want the old Building and Loan to stay in business, you better have a family real quick.
Holy mackerel, I'm married!
(looks at his watch) Well, the train's gone.
They want romantic places, beautiful places... places George wants to go.
Hiya... Good evening, sir.
Darling, you're wonderful.
Yes... Come on... (to Mary) Bring the baby.
Mr. and Mrs. Martini, welcome home.
That life may always have flavor.
Oh, yes, George Bailey.
I'd like to do that.
Well, it doesn't, Mr. Potter!
You wouldn't mind living in the nicest house in town.
Buying your wife a lot of fine clothes, going to New York on a business trip a couple of times a year.
Hi. Mary Hatch, why in the world did you ever marry a guy like me?
My baby.
No! Mary had her baby, a boy.
Sam Wainwright made a fortune in plastic hoods for planes.
Well, well, well, Harry Bailey wins Congressional Medal.
(still chuckling) Good morning, Horace.
Well, then... it's usually customary to bring the money with you.
Merry Christmas, Vi.
Merry Christmas, George.
(harshly) Listen to me! Listen to me! Think!
Daddy, the Browns next door have a new car.
They gave her a flower for a prize and she didn't want to crush it so she didn't button up her coat.
You call this a happy family?
Want to give my flower a drink.
Here, give Daddy the flower.
There it is, good as new.
Give the flower a drink.
The doctor says that she ought to be out of bed in time to have her Christmas dinner.
(greeting new customers) Merry Christmas.
Glad you came.
God... God... Dear Father in Heaven, I'm not a praying man, but if you're up there and you can hear me, show me the way.
Show me the way, God.
You hit my best friend.
Oh, no you don't feel so good.
My greatgrandfather planted this tree.
My wife gave me this on my last birthday.
You should read the new book Mark Twain's writing now.
Well, I did, didn't I?
Heaven.
I've watched you grow up from a little boy.
Angel, Second Class.
(to tollkeeper) Cheerio, my good man.
(politely) Good evening.
One of the oldest trees in Pottersville.
Martini's a good friend of mine.
I was just thinking... (face puckers up with delicious anticipation) It's been so long since I... (impatient) Look, mister, I'm standing here waiting for you to make up your mind.
Mulled wine, heavy on the cinnamon and light on the cloves.
And I ain't never seen you before in my life.
Bert! Thank heaven you're here!
(warningly) Watch him, Bert.
You were here on my wedding night.
You, both of you, stood out here on the porch and sung to us, don't you remember?
Look, now why don't you be a good kid and we'll take you in to a doctor.
Bert, now listen to me.
Bert, listen!
He lives in Bailey Park.
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
(ad lib) Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas, George!
Merry Christmas, movie house!
Merry Christmas, emporium!
Merry Christmas, you wonderful old Building and Loan! (from outside) Merry Christmas, Mr. Potter!
Happy New Year to you in jail!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas, Daddy!
Merry Christmas, Daddy!
Darling!
George, darling!
Now, you stand right over here, by the tree.
Right there, and don't move, don't move.
It's a miracle!
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas!
Quiet, everybody.
Heehaw and Merry Christmas.
Keep up the good work.
If you're going to drink it in here, I'd appreciate it if you'd not bother the customers.
Of course it's not; not when you have people like this mindless cretin so happy and willing to sell you nails for your coffin!
He smiles as you pay for your cancer sticks and says, "Have a nice day."
What better place than this?
The ones in this town, yes!
You encourage their growth, their habit.
How flattering.
These are my opinions based on my experiences with the few women who were good enough to sleep with me.
That's great.
That's something to be proud of.
It's important to me, Dante.
(surprised) Willam!
(leaving) That's cool.
But I only had sex with the guys I loved.
(holds him) I love you.
Crack wise.
I have first dibs.
Ain't gonna happen, my friend.
Great story, isn't it?
The two moved to Idaho together after graduation.
They raise sheep.
Aside from the cheating, we were a great couple.
She's about to finish college and enter the real world.
No, no, I'm listening.
(smiling) It's called Happy Scrappy-The Hero Pup.
Happy Scrappy!
Happy Scrappy-The Hero Pup.
Happy Scrappy! (more smiling) She loves the tape.
(nearly dazed) Happy Scrappy-The Hero Pup.
(on phone) And a copy of Happy Scrappy-The Hero Pup...Okay, thanks.
Cunt! Yes, I'd like to check on a misprint in today's edition...Today's edition...It says "Bree to Wed Asian Design Major...No, no; everything's spelled fine.
Thanks.
A beautiful house with tons of property.
Looking for the perfect carton of eggs, right?
Oh, it's great.
Good.
(kisses him) I'll see you when you close, then.
Enjoy the lasagne.
Hey, neither did ET; but that was a great movie, right?
The best Burtless movie ever made.
Awww, he's so cute.
Thanks, young man.
You've got a heart of gold.
They make me laugh.
She was swimming at the YMCA pool when it happened.
On his bed, doubled over himself with his legs on top.
He made it, hunhh?
It's four o'clock on a Saturday.
I want to go to a good video store so I can rent a good movie.
(pets cat) Cute cat.
(to CUSTOMER) Can I help you?
What? (still studying DANTE) He's got those love handles.
And that ain't till Sunday morning.
I'll see you at that party.
(to CAITLIN) Congratulations.
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
I love a macho facade.
To comfort me?
And yes-let me placate your ego-you are the inspiration for this bold and momentous decision, for which I'll probably be ostracized at both school and home.
(gathering herself to go) So, I shall take my leave of you, but I will return in a little while, at which time-yes-I would love to go for dinner and a movie with you.
I'm easy, but I'm not that easy.
(she kisses his cheek) See you later, handsome.
(takes videos) What'd you rent? (reads) Best of Both Worlds?
Because I'm happy.
You're happy?
I'm happy.
You're happy to get a fine?
I'm happy because Caitlin came to see me.
(takes it in for a moment) Wow.
Let me enjoy this hour of bliss.
Cute cat.
I love your sexy talk.
And the fact that there weren't any lights made it so... (she lets out a growl and hugs DANTE) God!
That was so great!
(laughing it off) Yeah, right.
(half-laughing) You two better quit it.
It was closed.
Was he alive when...Caitlin... No.
There are other jobs, and they pay better money.
You're comfortable.
I'm satisfied with my situation for now.
Thank you.
(chuckles) It must be so great to be able to simplify everything the way you do.
I can't make changes like that in my life.
If I could, I would-but I don't have the ability to risk comfortable situations on the big money and the fabulous prizes.
Lovely story.
Drinking beers!
(to DANTE) A pack of wraps, my good man.
(rolling a joint) Relax brother.
I did him a favor.
Well, I won't let you.
Thanks.
I'm surprised I didn't kill you.
You're here today of your own violation, my friend.
(gesturing, her back to the camera) Hannah, I know it's a lot, but my friend April and I, we have this catering idea I think's going to be great.
(turning to face Hannah) You admit that we're great cooks, right?
(smiling and turning to Lee) Aah... Hey, have you tried Holly and her friend's shrimp puffs?
(overlapping her sisters, shrugging and smiling) Oh, my God.
Thank you.
(continuing) ...before she starts turning into Camille... (laughing) (overlapping) Yeah, Mom's Camille when she gets up in the morning.
(to Lee, laughing) I should get a garter belt.
(laughing) Yeah.
(overlapping) Oh, your kids are so adorable.
(overlapping, lighting a set of candles on the table) He's the headmaster of Daisy's school.
(moving her hand up and down her throat) His Adam's apple keeps jumping up and down whenever he gets excited.
(laughing) Listen.
He's got a good job.
(laughing with the sisters, gesturing) I love that.
(offscreen) Oh, you know, I, I love that book you lent me.
The Easter Parade?
I bumped into your... (overlapping, agreeing with Hannah) Yeah.
(gesturing) He was, he's just as crazy as ever.
(laughing, Elliot joining in) (reacting) God, Mickey's such a hypochondriac.
This is a toast.
(reaching across the table for Evan's wine glass, laughing) Get his wine away.
This is a toast.
You know this beautiful Thanksgiving dinner was all... ...prepared...by Hannah.
(overlapping, looking down the table while still in Elliot's embrace) Holly and April, thanks for helping.
(overlapping, toasting her friend) April, April! (overlapping, gesturing) I am...
(overlapping, holding out his wine glass) And we drink to her, and we all congratulate her on her wonderful accomplishment during this last year...her great success in A Doll's House! (overlapping, laughing) Ya-a-a-a-y! (laughing) I played Nora.
(pausing while the guests laugh heartily) Now I think that Ibsen would have been damn proud of our Hannah!
(overlapping the applause and clapping loudly) Speech!
Oh, no, I just, see, I-I've been very, very lucky.
W-when I had the kids, I decided to stop working and just, you know, devote myself to having the family, and I've been very, very happy (banging her fists lightly on the table) but...I've always secretly hoped that maybe some little gem would come along and tempt me back on the stage... (nodding) Yeah.
So, now I got that out of my system and I can go back to the thing that makes me happiest.
(walking around the screen to Frederick) Mmm, what am I gonna do with you? (laughing) God! (sniffing) And why didn't you come tonight?
(chuckling) So sweet with me and so...contemptuous of everyone else.
(kissing Lee's hand) And I prefer to sell my work to people who appreciate it, not to rock stars.
Listen, we better go right to Ronny's dressing room.
(gesturing, trying to calm the writer down) Oh, you're crazy!
Brother, what am I gonna do with my life?
I gotta see new comedians later, I've gotta-- (interrupting) Two minutes on your sons' birthday.
Happy Birthday, fellas!
Happy Birthday!
Presents!
A little hug!
(picking up the gift on the sofa and nodding) Everything's good.
Everything's fine.
I think he's a sweet guy.
The few times that I've met him... (pointing to the baseball mitt twin #1, has taken out of his box) Isn't that a great mitt?
Thank you, Daddy.
I always like an underconfident person... (overlapping, touching the mitt and reacting) That's really nice! (still rambling on, gesturing to Hannah) ...you know?
Football!
Hurry up! Let's go! (looking offscreen at twin #2) Wow! (still pointing, gearing up for the pass) Go out, go out by the Sung vase and, and catch this.
Gee, Hannah's sweet.
Will you trust me?
This morning, I was so happy, you know.
(offscreen) These things are delicious!
(nodding) Yeah, my friend April makes those.
These are delicious.
That looks great.
Thanks.
(to the man) Thank you.
(offscreen) The Stroganoff is ready.
(offscreen) Wow, it's the red one?
The important thing is-is-is it-it breathes.
(looking at David) Great.
It's romantic.
(offscreen) And it's got a handsome partner sitting right beside it.
(offscreen, overlapping) They fit right in together.
(offscreen, agreeing) It does.
(overlapping, nodding) Great.
(looking around for a moment, then gesturing to Lee) Well, i-if-if you have some free time... (nodding) Yeah, sure.
(offscreen, distracted) Yes, it's-it's wonderful.
(chuckling) Yeah.
(offscreen) Fine.
(offscreen, laughing) Oh, no, I can't let you get me that.
(pulling the book off the shelf and browsing through it) Oh, oh, yes.
(gesturing with the book, looking at the offscreen Lee) I-I read a poem of you and thought of his last week.
I mean, I love e.e. cummings, but I can't let you get this.
(overlapping, patting the book) Yes, I'd...I-I-I'd love, I'd love to get you this.
(laughing, holding up the bag) Well, thanks a lot.
Uh...uh, I'd love to see what goes on.
You'd love it.
You'd have a good time.
Keep calm.
We felt that if we were gonna do it, that we would like somebody who we knew and who we liked and who was warm and bright and...
So you had my ex-partner's baby.
Hi. (as he walks) Dusty's just bought a huge house in Southampton and he's in the process of decorating it.
(chuckling) Oh. (to Frederick, giving him a "hip" handshake) How ya doin', man? (to a less than enthusiastic Frederick) I told him about your work, and he's very excited.
(chuckling, her arms crossed) Are you excited about becoming a collector?
(chuckling as he notices and points to some offscreen drawings Frederick has set up) Oh! Hey! Wow! (pointing to an offscreen nude drawing) She's beautiful.
(to Dusty) Frederick's done this whole new series that I'm sure you would really love.
Yeah, she loves to go out in the woods.
Oh, that's nice.
(looking in the same direction, gesturing) Oh, yeah, that's really nice of you.
(gesturing, relieved that she's found something to say) Oh, speaking of records...I bought that Mozart Trio you recommended... (continuing) ...and the man in the record shop showed me another one that I think you'd love.
It's a... another Bach, second movement.
(putting the turntable cover in place) Oh, and Holly met a wonderful man who loves opera.
(offscreen) Oh, that's nice.
I'd love to see her wind up settled.
Yeah, I just-just need so- some-some fresh air.
She's crazy about me, but somewhere on the, along the line, I've fallen out of love with her.
I love you.
(putting her hand to her head) Yes!
I can't be a party to this!
(overlapping) I am glad to see you.
It's a good thing we had a talented daughter!
That was just perfect.
(offscreen, laughing) Oh, my God.
(chuckling as Lee laughs) I'm being presumptuous.
And I love when you do things to me.
(pausing) Good God! Have you been kissed tonight?! (reacting, pushing Frederick's hands from her face) No. (reacting) Oh, yes, you have!
You are, you are my only connection to the world!
It's tangible energy!
Can we, can we go? (looking at the offscreen hand, bopping her head to the music and smoking) No! (touching his ear in pain) My--uh... (singing) "...Gonna buy the records That they play on the radio..." (enthusiastically) I love songs about extraterrestrial life, don't you?
Not when they're sung by extraterrestrials.
Your sisters, both sisters have such good taste in music.
The reason is 'cause something's Happened to me I'm in love again And the spring is comin'..." (singing) "I'm in love again Hear my heart strings strummin' I'm in love again And the hymn they're hummin' Is those cuddle-up huddle-up blues I'm in love again And I can't rise above it..." (singing, continuing) "I'm in love again And I love, love, love it."
Thanks for a swell time.
At least I'm open to new concepts!
I had a... (overlapping) God! (continuing) ...I had a great time tonight, really.
W-w-we've been, we've been married for four years.
(gesturing) You know, y-you have some very set plans on how your life should be structured.
When-when-when we met, you said your life was chaos.
No! Do you feel, um...are you disenchanted with our marriage?
(defensively) Well, you think everybody in m- musicals sings so well?
(gesturing) Tch, well, I sing!
(gesturing) Look, everything's going your way.
(pausing) I'm happy.
(offscreen) Thank you.
(offscreen, overlapping the executives' chatter) April Knox? (singing) "Someday When I'm awfully low When the world is cold I will get a glow Just thinking of you And the way you look Tonight..." I'm telling you, you sounded great.
The big leap.
(offscreen) So at the moment you don't believe in God.
(turning to his offscreen father) I thought that you would be happy.
(offscreen) How can we be happy?
(gesturing) I know it sounds funny, but I'm gonna try.
(offscreen) Well, that-that's good.
I think I've gone out of my way to-to introduce you to interesting single men.
Listen, um, you'll be happy to know that your money has not gone completely to waste... No, I have an actual first rough draft of something I wrote... Yeah.
Yeah, well, I showed it to Lee, and she gave me some good pointers.
I think Lee met an interesting guy at Columbia... Yeah.
Yeah, well, he sounds really nice... (puffing on her cigarette) Yeah.
Well, we'll talk at Thanksgiving.
(gesturing) Now, here...here's a song that Norma sang on that trip we made up to the show in Buffalo.
And, oh, was she beautiful that night!
(laughing and touching Evan's shoulder) (overlapping, to the woman) Thank you, honey.
(putting his drink down on the piano) Oh, yes, you were, dear.
(gesturing and pushing back some sheet music that was starting to fall) She was so beautiful...she was so beautiful that when men saw her walking along the streets, they'd drive their cars right up on the sidewalk.
Yeah, eh, from what I understand he sounds really nice.
I'm so happy for her.
"You're so giving.
We love you.
We're grateful."
(walking out of the pantry to the food- laden table) You're grateful, but you resent me.
(offscreen) Oh, wow!
(walking over to Lee at the just-closed door) (gesturing) It's been nearly a year since our first time and you're still married to my sister, which...I now realize is fine because you're probably much more in love with her than you know.
(smiling, glancing away for a moment) Oh, well, that was a long time ago.
(overlapping) You look wonderful.
(smiling) I'm okay.
Well, that's interesting.
(smiling, gesturing) But you have to remember while you're reading and you're cursing my name, you know, that this is my first script.
(laughing, looking at Mickey) Hmm.
(overlapping, gesturing) I should have kept going.
It was great.
(taking a big sip of her wine) Oh, Mom, it's only television.
(beginning to mash some sweet potatoes in a bowl on the table) (gesturing with the bottle) Yes, but it's public television.
I love it!
(gasping and laughing) Oh, Mom! (overlapping, reacting) Oh, honey!
Marriage agrees with you.
And Hannah... (continuing) ...who as you once said, I love much more than I realized.
(kissing the children) Hi! How are you!
(kissing) Happy Thanksgiving!
(kissing) Hi!
(overlapping) You look lovely.
(overlapping, hugging Holly) Hello, darling.
Happy Thanksgiving.
(overlapping) Good to see you.
(hugging the man) Hello.
(still fixing her earrings, to Mavis) It's beautiful.
(grinning) Hi.
Hi. (kissing Holly) How you doin'?
Thanks.
Your husband's a very lucky guy.
Thanks, bye.
Wonderful.
You're a little excited.
I love this car.
I love it too.
And I won't miss the way that you kiss me.
THE DRUG DEALER (voice over) Have a good one.
Hey, baby, you looking for a date ?
Well, I'm just goin' to school like I'm real, real cool.
And I gotta be a wild one Ooh, yeah.
I'm a wild one.
Gonna keep on swinging, baby I'm a real wild child.
That I'm a wild one.
Ooh, yeah I'm a wild one.
Gonna keep on swinging, baby.
I'm a real wild one and I like wild fun.
I'm a wild one.
Ooh, yeah, I'm a wild one.
EDWARD (voice over) Thank you.
You're welcome.
You see the stars on the sidewalk, babe ?
MAN (voice over) Hey, girls.
Hey, yo, baby !
It's my birthday.
I love this look.
You look hot tonight.
Work it, baby.
VIVIAN (voice over) Lights !
Lights would be good here.
Well, thanks for the ride.
Yeah... Well, if you don't have any prior engagements, I'd be very pleased if you would accompany me into the hotel.
That's my favorite name in the whole world !
Good evening, Mr. Lewis.
Thank you.
Oh, honey.
Well, color me happy !
VIVIAN (voice over from the terrace) Wow, great view !
Thank you.
Shopping together ?
My ex-wife... is now in Long Island... in my ex-home... with my ex-dog.
It brings out the flavor in the champagne.
Great, let's get started.
Thank you.
I mean, I have been the party at a couple of birthdays.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm high on life.
Good morning, gentlemen.
Good morning, Mr. Thompson.
Good morning, good morning.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
Good morning, Mr. Thompson.
Good morning, Marjorie.
It's worth more than the whole.
He liked ties on Sundays.
Listen, I'm running out the door.
VIVIAN (singing in voice over) Got to know talk, baby, baby !
Oh, yes.
Got to be too flirty, Mama... VIVIAN (singing in voice over in the phone) I know how to undress me... Yeah... listen.
PHILIP (voice over on the phone) Edward, I know a lot of nice girls.
I know how to undress me Mm-hmm... VIVIAN (singing in voice over) Yeah, baby... VIVIAN (singing in voice over) I want to be your fantasy.
I'm gonna be in town until Sunday.
Look, I'd love to be your beck and call girl, but, uh, you're a rich, good-looking guy.
Six full nights, days too.
He's good-looking !
Good stuff, on him.
Rodeo Drive, baby.
Wild women do.
What you only dream about wild women do.
Oh, yes, they do.
You tell me you want a woman who is simple as a flower.
Wild women do and they don't regret it.
You got nice stuff.
Thank you.
Gentlemen, relax !
Thank you.
Thank you.
Have a nice day.
Thank you.
Barney said you'd be nice to me.
Well, you'll need a cocktail dress then.
Now, I'm sure we're gonna find something here that your uncle will love.
Listen, I got shoes too.
Thank you.
Okay, well, listen.
I didn't mean to interrupt you, but Bridget was really great... and I just wanted to say thanks.
A cocktail one.
EDWARD (voicer over on the phone) That's good.
Please do so.
Thank you.
DAVID MORSE (voice over) Mr. Lewis, my grandfather believes the men who create a company... DAVID MORSE (voice over) ...should control its destiny.
I'm rich enough.
I met your father.
Does that make him proud ?
JAMES MORSE (voice over) Easy, easy, calm down.
Calm down, David.
Vivian, it was a great pleasure to meet you.
I'd better join my grandson.
You two enjoy your dinner.
I look forward to it, sir.
Do you have anything in this shop as beautiful as she is ?
Oh, yes.
No, no, no, I'm saying we have many things as beautiful as she would want them to be.
Bring it out, girls.
You look great !
Edward would love that tie.
That must've made you happy.
This is Bill Fricker with Gwen Olsen... ANNOUNCER (voice over from the P.A.) ...giving you play-by-play of this marvelous charity event.
Not too near the tree.
You look great.
You're gonna have a wonderful time.
Don't fidget and smile.
This is Gwen and Gretchen, the infamous Olsen sisters, who have made marrying well an art form.
Well done.
Well done.
Ah, good to see you.
I want you to meet a new friend of mine, Vivian Ward.
It's me, Elizabeth, from Workout World.
That is why I have pledged my eternal love to you.
I spend time with them, yeah.
Having a nice time, Vivian ?
Yeah, I'm having a great time.
I'd like to mention a couple of our silver sponsors... GWEN (voice over from the P.A.) ...Jacobs Distributors, Norrell Saddlery, and we'd like to give a great big thanks to our platinum sponsor... GWEN (voice over from the P.A.) Edward Lewis Enterprises.
That's good.
First guy I ever loved was a total nothing.
That's when I met Kit.
She was a hooker and made it sound so great.
It's not your childhood dream.
Thank you.
How nice to see you.
Nice to see you.
Good evening, Edward.
Wonderful news.
Congratulations.
Enjoy the opera.
If they love it, they will always love it.
Did you enjoy the opera, dear ?
She said she liked it better than Pirates of Penzance.
EDWARD (voice over) No, don't touch.. VIVIAN (voice over) I moved the queen.
EDWARD (voice over) You can't move the queen.
You say this is a nice place.
I love you.
But never in all the time... that I had this dream did the knight say to me, Come on, baby, I'll put you up in a great condo.
Have Morse meet me downtown this morning.
It's a really good offer for a girl like me.
Yo, Viv, babe.
Listen, I've been calling you.
Well, thanks, but it's easy to clean up when you got money.
I find this hard to say without sounding condescending, but... I'm proud of you.
Thank you.
Great big ships.
Well, well.
I'll pay for it.
Stay cool.
It must have been love, But it's over now.
It must have been love, But it's over now.
I'll meet you downstairs, sir.
Thank you.
It's your favorite.
Thank you, Darryl.
It must be difficult to let go of something so beautiful.
Thank you, Mr. Thompson.
I'm gonna have to charge you a little more rent than Vivian... because I've got this beauty course I'm looking into.
Help you, love ?
EDWARD (voice over) Princess Vivian !
VIVIAN (voice over, from the top of the building) It's the best.
-- a relaxed deal.
Tomorrow is the day -- Hey.
So why don't you come back to my table, have a drink, meet some people -- I'd love to but . . .
Why don't you come back to my table, have a drink, meet some people -- I can't do that to Maurice.
You're a good worker, yeah?
Goodnight, honey-tits.
Sleep beautiful.
Relax, little man.
Good morning. . . .
Please, okay?
Ohhhh-baby, baby, baby.
I'll do it -- Promise?
You're so beautiful.
Having sex . . .
Everyone is blessed with One Special Thing.
A big, bright shining star.
Come with us, sweetie.
you can work on your arms, your legs, workout morning, day, noon, night, the whole deal, but when it comes right down to it . . .
Mr. Fun Zone?
The beauty and the acting.
Sometimes we make these films, we wanna make people laugh a little, then get into it and fuck heavy: That's good and that's fine.
But I got a dream of making a film that's true . . .
Dream, dream, dream, dream, dream.
Good night, honey.
Good night, Jackie.
Good night, Eddie.
I'm glad you came by.
You're great.
Thank you.
That's fair.
you pay for it . . .
I'm good.
I have good things that you don't know and I'm gonna be something -- you -- You Don't Know And You'll See.
You made it, you made it, my darling, come on in here.
I want you to meet someone -- Reed, honey, I want you to meet a New Kid On The Block, Eddie Adams.
Great.
That's great.
If it has big tits, tight pussy and focus: I'm happy.
You tell the stories you wanna tell, make yourself happy.
Watch this Jacknife.
Great.
Good, good, what's wrong?
Yeah, it's gonna be here, but it's a simple one . . .
I can't hear you that well . . .
Anyway, listen: -- yeah.
Nice to meet you.
That's great.
That's great.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you.
This young man is interested in the business.
Well, you're in good hands if you get involved with Jack, here.
Well, great.
Great.
I look forward to seeing you in action.
Please.
Thank you, Eddie.
Thank you for your help.
Great party, Jack. . . .
"I love you.
You love me.
Going down the Sugar Tree.
We'll go down the Sugar Tree.
Good party?
It was great.
Good.
You had a good time then?
Excellent time.
Thank you.
What this place is for, right?
Thanks.
It's really cool.
Thanks.
whenever you're ready . . .
Good.
Great.
You look great, honey.
Are you alright, honey?
This is great.
I wanna do good.
I wanna do this good . . .
But I'm back now and I'm ready to pursue my acting career.
Is everything cool?
Hang in there, everything's cool, I just wanna change the angle -- You're doin' great.
You're doin' so good, Dirk.
Does it feel good?
Okay -- we're back, we're ready -- action -- You're amazing.
Are you ready to come?
I want to come in me -- That was great.
those are great names.
And the award for "Best Newcomer" goes to . . .
Yes! My baby-boy . . .
And The Award . . .
for Best Actor Goes To . . .
I guess the only thing I can say, is that I promise to keep rocking and rolling and to keep making better films.
These films we make can be better . . .
they can help . . .
We can always do better -- and I'll keep trying if you keep trying so let's keep ROCKING AND ROLLING.
Good.
It's excellent.
Well, go ahead and feast.
It's true -- What? You're Brock Landers -- Good, good, it's close.
You deserve this, baby.
This is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life -- So we solved the case and the women are safe -- Just another day.
Let's go out and get some of that Saturday Night Beaver -- This is the best work I've ever done.
Thank you.
right, right . .
Nice to meet 'ya, Becky.
That's great.
You've got a nice smile, Becky.
Thank you.
I don't dance Sunday nights.
Oh! Oh! "Sunsets."
Sunrises are better.
Hi-Fi Stereo Equipment at a discount price -- it's called "Buck's Super Stereo World."
That's a fucking great idea. . . .
I don't want to win an Oscar and I don't want to re-invent the wheel -- I enjoy simple pleasures like butter in my ass and lollipops in my mouth.
We've got ten minutes until the New Year and I don't want it to start like this so I'm leaving now.
It's gonna be a new year and we're gonna start things and do things and I want you to know how much I really care for you, honey.
Thank you, Amber.
You're the best thing in the world that's happened to me since my son went off . . .
I love you, honey.
I love you too, Amber.
It's good, though, right?
Can I kiss you? . . .
Please.
Do you wanna kiss me?
Oh. (to himself) I love you, Dirk.
If Brock Landers is slick with a gun, he does so only in the vein of good and right.
For Dirk Diggler, the future is something to look forward to, not to fear . . .
film, poetry, karate, music and dance . . . he is a man of passion and mystery . . .
It's great.
It's so great, Amber.
That's great, guys.
That's so great.
It's gonna be a great opportunity to run the store my way.
You havin' a good time?
You're Dirk Diggler -- it's great to meet you.
He's interested in the business.
Shit no, I'm cool as a cucumber.
I'm very thankful to Jack for giving me the chance.
Please.
Can you help me?
You look good, ready.
I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a rock and roll star.
I'm a star.
I've seen you push thirteen inches, you'd be lucky if you could manage six today -- all the coke you got in you.
Dirk, you ready?
I was born ready, man.
It would be nice.
Good.
It's Monday, Wednesday, Friday at three.
That's what Buck's Super Stereo World is all about -- the customer.
I always felt like Dirk was my baby, my new baby.
I love him, Rollergirl, I mean; I really love the little jerk.
I love you, Mom.
Yes, honey.
I'm guaranteed to get a record deal because my stuff is so good.
Please.
Please.
Please.
I liked it . .
Please.
Please.
It's alright, young lady.
You're a nice man.
I will not sell my Corvette: Simple as that.
My jeans -- The cool ones with the thing?
Oh, great.
(to Rollergirl) We watch your films in my frat house.
fantastic cool . . .
I'm helping you out . . . .
Alright, there, pal; make it look good, make it sexy -- don't just ram your way up and in there -- Hey, hey, hey . . .
He used to come into Party Boys once in a while.
You guys ready for this?
I was born ready.
Hello, friends.
We met before at the club -- Oh, yeah.
These are my friends Dirk and Reed.
Great to meet you.
it's really good, if you wanna test it out -- Oh, wait a minute, I love this part: (sings along) (to Dirk) This song is so amazing.
That's good.
No problem, cool, cool.
Check this out -- I put a mix tape together of all my favorite songs . . .
This is song number three . . .
we better get going -- No, stay.
I got a good plan.
This weekend and this weekend only Buck's Super Cool Stereo World is making Super-Cool Deals on ALL name brands.
Excellent.
You know that I love you.
It smells good, though.
I'm looking at you, my darling.
then we're gonna get nice and wet . . .
(beat) That's good . . .
(beat) So I'm gonna be nice and I'm gonna ask you one more time . . .
I'm a star.
I'm a star, I'm a big bright shining star.
Written and Directed By Produced By Executive Producer Co-Executive Producers Co-Producer Director of Photography Production Designer Editor Costume Designer Music By Casting By played Buck Swope played Rollergirl played Maurice TT Rodriguez played Floyd Gondolli played Scotty J. played Todd Parker played Kurt Longjohn played Little Bill played Rahad Jackson played Amber Waves played Becky Barnett played Reed Rothchild played Jack Horner played The Colonel James played Dirk Diggler played Jessie St. Vincent played Little Bill's Wife played Jerome played Rocky played Amber's Husband played Dirk's Mother played Sheryl Lynn played Johnny Doe played Buck's Manager Dedicated to (1923-1997) Dedicated to Elmer, here it is.
Good morning, children.
Thank you.
Love her ?
I've written four million words against marriage !
Old, new.
I'm turning over to you the nicest, the best beat in Brooklyn.
They're two of the dearest, sweetest, kindest old ladies that ever walked the earth.
(to Reverend Harper) Bless you.
And Sister Martha and I are so happy about it.
Thank you.
Oh yes.
Oh, Colonel, this is grand.
It'll make a lot of kids happy.
Oh, yes.
Careful of the step here now with the toys.
Good night.
Oh, I... Bless you !
Oh, he's so happy being Teddy Roosevelt.
Well, if he's happy, and what's more important, you're happy... Oh, our only worry for Teddy is after we are gone.
But Mortimer's made all the arrangements for Teddy to go to Happy Dale Sanitarium after we pass on.
Yes... Dear, sweet Reverend Harper.
Teddy ?... Oh, Teddy, good news for you.
Delighted !
I shall prepare at once for the journey.
You, darlings.
Listen, buddy.
Oh, darling, how wonderful !
Can I use the telephone, darling ?
Isn't it too, too wonderful ?
Good.
But before you go, we can have our celebration.
I'll open a bottle of wine and we'll sing.
Oh, darling, you won't have time to bake a cake.
It's been ready since.. Yeah, I bet it's been ready since the first day I met her, huh ?
I've got the two nicest aunts in the world.
There's a baby picture of your brother Jonathan.
Oh, a honey of a lunatic.
Happy bridegroom !
Isn't Halloween a wonderful time for them ?
They have so much fun.
Well, we're going to celebrate, dear.
Celebrate ?
Oh, yes, dear.
More than one others ?
Oh, yes, dear.
Well, whatever is the matter with Mortimer today ?
Come here, darlings.
Well, so, so... Mortimer.
Do you remember those jars of poison that were on the shelves in Grandfather's laboratory all these years ?
Well, dear, for a gallon of elderberry wine, I take one teaspoonful of arsenic, then add half a teaspoonful of strychnine.
But it's practically a matter of life and... Elaine !
But, darling, Niagara Falls !
Oh, darling, I'm not throwing you out of the house !
How do you like that ?
Well, I thought that if you sign the papers, I can get Teddy to commit himself, and get him in Happy Dale... Yes, it's a wonderful place, Judge...
Well, are you the lady of the house ?
Now, this would be a nice comfortable chair.
I want the Happy Dale Sanitarium, Happy Dale, New York.
I live in a hotel.
(voice over) Well, operator...
Won't you try a glass of our wine before we start up ?
Well, we make this ourselves.
It's elderberry wine.
I haven't tasted elderberry wine since I was a boy.
(voice over) Oh... Thank you.
(voice over) Operator !
Well, I don't want the Happy Dale Laundry !
I want the Happy Dale Sanitarium !
Well, skoal.
(voice over) Hello, operator!
Such a nice hat.
Oh, yes.
I'm so happy for Elaine.
No, they're strangers to me.
Now I'm glad to escape back into it.
Yes, Johnny, it's a good hideout.
A good omen.
I see you're still wearing the lovely garnet ring that Grandma Brewster bought in England.
You are home in this lovely house.
Well, Jonathan, it's been a long time.
Bless you.
It's good to be home again.
The story of my life, my biography.
Oh, I forgot to tell you, Doctor Einstein and I are turning Grandfather's laboratory into an operating room.
You'd better get to bed.
Promised ?
A surgeon of great distinction.
Listen, it talks !
Holy mackerel !
Darling, you'd better run along home.
Get me Happy Dale 2-7-0, please.
Please !
(to the departing Elaine) Thank you, darling.
Thank you.
Ye gods !
Well, this is a fine how-do-you-do !
Doctor, we've got a wonderful setup here.
We can make a fortune.
Please !
Well, rehash it in your mind.
You'd better ring in.
I'll meet you there later.
A friend of Mortimer's ?
Mister Spenalzo and he will get along fine together.
That's wonderful, Johnny !
We've been chased all over the world, and they stay right here in Brooklyn, and they do just as good as you do.
Filling st... Oh, yes.
That makes thirteen.
And I've a pretty good idea who it is.
I'm a very lucky man to have caught you at home, Doctor Gilchrist.
Yeah, that'll be good.
At Halloween, the pixies won't be out till after midnight.
Make yourself comfortable.
Oh, yes, looks good on you !
Looks good on me.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, darling, let him.
Nice and smooth like a lake.
The President will be very proud of his Panama Canal.
Oh, Johnny, bed feels good already.
A secret proclamation ?
Well, if it's a a secret proclamation, it has to be signed in secret.
Please.
Please.
Johnny, you remember when we came in here, there was some wine.
Oh, I am so happy that we don't have to operate without a drink.
Please !
Oh, the quick way, oh yes !
I'd better talk to him myself.
How do you like that ?
Well, you ain't heard nothing yet.
I'm walking along my beat, well, like that, casual-like, when a guy that I'm following, it turns out he's really following me !
Well, Lieutenant !
This is his brother.
That's my brother !
Teddy's going to go to Happy Dale tonight.
Oh, this is a particularly happy moment for me tonight, Mister... Mister Brewster.
A pamphlet about Happy Dale ?
It's a dramatization of many of the little incidents that have happened here at Happy Dale.
Oh, yes, yes, he'll be very happy at Happy Dale.
Mister President, I have good news for you.
Happy man.
And Happy Dale is full of staircases.
You promised.
We never take sane people at Happy Dale.
Oh, yes, yes.
Thanks.
Oh, that's great !
You've done Brooklyn a great service.
You'll both are going to be very happy at Happy Dale, will you.
Oh yes, dear, we're very happy about the whole thing, but that's just it.
And she was such a sweet woman and such a good cook, we didn't want to lose her.
So brother married her.
Oh, darling !
I'm the son of a sea cook !
She swirls around to Big -- very grand dame; with accent.
Hellooo, I live here.
Big smiles.
Carrie laughs as the Agent walks on.
(Cool/quick) They're not married.
From now on... you'll be my man friend.
I can build you a better closet.
Welcome home, baby.
Yes, together.
Jealous of me living in this gorgeous penthouse in Manhattan.
Whoever wrote that - lives in Brooklyn.
Let's go in -- I am so excited!
Carrie and the girls enter a room filled with dramatically lit jewelry cases that display amazing jewelry.
On the walls around the gallery are large photos of a BEAUTIFUL RAVEN HAIRED WOMAN (45).
Floating in a case at their eye level is a unique, "two finger" FLOWER RING made out of diamonds.
My baby.
And she's a beauty.
When I saw this in the catalogue I said to Smith: This flower ring is the essence of me.
Is he going to sleep with that new blonde neurosurgeon?
Great.
And that's so amazing --but you bought it, so it's really your place.
He smiles.
They make an ass out of who?
He smiles.
She smiles.
Deal.
He puts out his hand.
So, the other night, Big and I were talking about, you know, moving in together and our future... ...
Oh, honey... you finally got Botox.
I did not get Botox I'm telling you, Carrie -- you'll love it.
That's great.
You sounded more excited about the botox.
Well, honey -- I am excited for you but -- you know me...
Honey, I've got to go.
Smith's on the short list to be their "Sexiest Man Alive."
Well, I'm happy for you.
I want you to be maid of honor.
Seventy five sounds better.
As a wedding gift, Charlotte had given me Anthony Marantino -- friend and wedding planner.
Thank-you.
Well, I can't color enough.
You love to color.
The most exciting thing in bed now -- is the bed.
Sex.
Great.
He smiles, looks down at her.
I've got a gift for you.
I wanted to give it to you... for our anniversary.
He smiles, sits down on the bed.
(Re; underwear) It's my second favorite thing I've ever found in there.
Now, my gift's a little bit more... oral.
Babe -- I've got to go to bed.
He smiles, leans in and gives her a hot -- hot kiss.
The clock on the bed table reads: 9:01.
She looks -- from the hot tub she can see her neighbor DANTE -- hot, dark -- "sex on a stick" in his living room making wild love to a RED HAIRED WOMAN.
She laughs.
Nice to meet you.
Elaine writes a single gal column for The New York Post.
Carrie and Big laugh.
Thank-you.
(reading paper) "The ultimate single gal Carrie Bradshaw will be married in Manolos to New York financier John James Preston come fall."
"Proving to single gals everywhere that there can be a happy ending over forty."
Later that day, I met my friend Stanford for our weekly quick lunch and gossip session... Also known as "dish then dash."
(laughs; then) Where are we eating?
Carrie laughs.
It seemed everywhere I went... people I knew were excited and available to come to the wedding.
Great.
I want you to be featured in the magazine as the forty year old -- and here's the brilliant twist -- bride.
It's a once in a lifetime opportunity - so spare me a week of faux soul-searching and just say yes.
Carrie smiles and nods.
Thank-you.
It will be a sensation.
No, but forty is the last age you can see a woman photographed in a wedding gown without the unintended Diane Arbus subtext.
(smiles; then) Enid -- I have no idea -- were you ever married?
My future husband and I saw it on a trip to Paris and he fell in love with it.
We had quite a beautiful party.
(smiles; then delicately) Why didn't the marriage work out?
Did you not hear me say my husband fell in love with my gown?
Surprise -- Here we are! (To Brady) Well, I'm so excited you are here for a sleepover.
Thank-you for being you.
He smiles, touched.
She smiles -- he kisses her.
Charlotte made love to Harry five times that week.
Thanks Anaka.
He had sex once.
I'm about to have sex.
I'll be here Monday, Wednesday and Sunday -- the other days will be Steve.
Wedding crunch time.
Change the dress.
Well, you and the dress.
(beat) Now, give me a kiss good night.
Make it good -- it's the last single girl kiss.
Ha ha -- hilarious -- we broke up a lot.
Sex.
They are all shocked; then: LAUGHTER, even Charlotte.
Sweetie, that was your first bootie call.
It's just -- everything is great as it is.
He smiles.
Is that a smile I'm hearing?
And if not -- Just write this: "I will love you."
Good night.
Now there's a bride!
Get off the dress!
Don't call me a queen.
Charlotte looks at the others.
At the rehearsal dinner.
(to Felix) Felix -- We'll start with quatro margaritas.
The waiter smiles and walks away.
Samantha laughs.
Miranda smiles.
Thank god for that Mariachi band or I'd be able to hear my own thoughts.
Fabulous -- and keep them coming.
You love him.
Is that love?
You could look at it and see a man who loves you and wants you to be happy.
Relax -- we're on vacation.
She points to the TWENTY-SOMETHING COUPLE at a nearby table-- who have progressed to graphic French kissing.
It was beautiful.
Felix comes up to the table.
Carrie smiles, looks down at her resume.
To fall in love.
Carrie smiles, sold.
Carrie enters -- amazed at the progress.
Louise directs two DELIVERY MEN who are carrying a NEW MATTRESS into the bedroom.
Carrie watches from her closet surrounded by boxes.
A CAUCASIAN YUPPIE DAD (32) with a BABY in a snugly comes out of bodega.
Miranda, excited about the hunt --picks up the pace following after the dad.
Magda hurries as best as she can.
Nice size, brick wall, big windows with a view of a colorful jungle gym on a play ground across the street.
Her heart starts racing.
I'm interested in the apartment.
Miranda writes it down.
They are on Lily's bed - surrounded by her dolls.
(reading) "And Cinderella and Prince Charming lived happily ever after."
She smiles.
Carrie looks at her. Charlotte smiles.
Happy, happy tears.
Carrie hugs her.
Fun thought up by a group of non-working mothers with nothing else to do all day.
Witch and -- "sexy kitten".
Witch and Sexy kitten.
Boo! Carrie smiles.
You look great, you look amazing.
The pictures are gorgeous.
Yes -- I'm a beautiful bride.
She needs a good a home.
(to dog) Honey, I don't mince words.
Samantha and the dog walk out of Gucci in matching outfits... looking fabulous.
No, it's too beautiful.
He said he loved me and all -- but didn't think I was "the one".
I'm not going to give up on love.
Good.
The word "Love" in gold.
She smiles as she reads it.
Oh, I remember that smile.
You kids enjoy.
Welcome to the house of hormones.
I think it's so great that you are re-doing your entire apartment.
Charlotte smiles.
Happy New Year.
Kiss.
Carrie sips soup watching a "deliriously in love" Judy Garland sing "The Trolley Song."
CLOSE ON SCREEN: The only thing written on it is the word: "Love."
Happy New Year -- We're having a fabulous time.
That's sweet but I can't, I'm writing.
No. You're not really having a fabulous time are you?
Oh yes, that's just what every New Year's Eve party needs: a visit from the lost Bronte sister.
Well... Better a Bronte sister than a Hilton sister.
(laughs; then) Thanks but -- by ten PM I'll be in bed asleep and blissfully unaware of how fabulous this night is supposed to be.
Intercut with Miranda -- sitting on her couch watching the New Year's Eve coverage on television.
I thought one of the perks of having a family is you don't have to spend New Year's Eve alone with Chinese food.
Good night.
Lily, in her PJ's, is marching around the den wearing a "Happy New Year" party crown and blowing into a party favor horn.
Harry and Charlotte -- wearing New Year's Eve party hats -- sit on the couch -- laughing.
Charlotte and Harry kiss.
They are wearing sexy black robes and having caviar and champagne.
Samantha and Smith kiss on the couch.
Anthony kisses it.
She passes a GROUP OF TWENTY-SOMETHING PEOPLE blowing party horns and LAUGHING.
Their eyes meet.
He smiles.
She smiles.
They stand talking -- she smiles.
He smiles.
Big looks up from the bar -- watching couples kiss all around him.
Miranda opens a fortune cookie -- and reads it.
They point and discuss what they see -- loving it.
Carrie smiles as she watches -- now, truly enjoying herself.
Over Christmas they realized how much they loved each other.
Lily's crayon mark mixes with Charlotte's handwriting: To Aunt Carrie... Love, Lily.
Boy, you do have time on your hands.
A small, village restaurant festively decorated for Valentine's Day.
Pink balloons float on the ceiling, their red ribbon strings hang at eye level.
Good evening.
Here's our special Valentine night menu.
Running all over New York believing that I'm finally getting my happy ending.
Look at me in my one of a kind wedding gown marrying the love of my life."
The waitress arrives with the new bottle of wine.
And I thought picking the place to meet was a challenge.
I have two pieces of good news.
And I have two coffees.
The apartment on Fifth finally sold.
Carrie sips coffee.
You have sixty days before the new owner takes possession and you are out of there.
Carrie hugs her.
Samantha is sitting on the beach reading "The Secret."
Samantha walks on the beach.
Where are you, baby?
He sees her and smiles a hot smile.
He pulls his wet-suit down and smiles at her.
Dante is on his deck putting on sun screen.
He kisses her.
(beat) I've done my best.
Yes, I love you - ah, fuck it -- I'm just gonna say the thing you're not supposed to say -- I love you but I love me more.
You'll find a wonderful woman who loves being in a relationship.
She kisses him on the lips.
She points to the shelf in the new bookcase.
-- it's my masterpiece.
Carrie laughs -- they hug.
Louise breaks the hug and takes her "love" key chain out of her purse -- hands it to Carrie.
No, I found my love.
Carrie smiles.
See you at my wedding.
Looks down at "love" in her hand.
They smile.
You look gorgeous.
Intercut with Louise, standing in a wedding gown.
Her MOTHER (45), GRANDMOTHER (65), and SISTERS (20 15, 8) sit watching.
We are shopping for my wedding gown.
He looks up -- surprised by her.
It wasn't logic -- it was love.
They kiss.
It's passionate.
Is there a funny part?
Good closet.
Thanks.
Comfortable.
We better get up before the new owner bust in on us.
He starts to get up, first -- sitting on his side...
She places her hand in his.
Carrie Bradshaw -- love of my life - - will you marry me?
He smiles.
She laughs.
She lifts her foot and places it in the shoe.
She is wearing the simple white suit and her never-worn Manolos from the closet.
Big Smiles.
She smiles.
Great.
You look fantastic today.
I'm at a family thing.
(hands him tickets) I'm picking up a guy at the breakfast buffet.
The ceremony is in progress as Billy arrives, plucks a yarmulke from a basket, sets it on his head and finds a place in the back row for himself and his carry-on.
He listens to the boy's monotone-reading of verses.
Thank you.
Steve smiles.
That's great.
We have a deal.
There are a lot of cute guys here.
Billy's hand is already in motion to smash the phone, but in a herculean feat of self disciple, he manages to restrain himself before impact.
We had a deal.
We have a deal.
Good.
We gotta look where others aren't looking.
Do you watch nature docs?
I'll also come back with Joe DiMaggio and Ty Cobb.
Nobody cares about a 102 win season.
They're looking at him like he's Elvis and BILLY tries to nonchalant it but can't help a small smile to himself This is the guy.
He's got a great path.
I love the extension in his swing and the backspin he creates.
Good approach, great balance.
Well, Billy, we're certainly looking forward to meeting your folks and talking to them as well.
Unlike the A's, this is a franchise that can spend actual money on players, and on nice lobby furniture, which is where Billy sits, staring at a classic baseball photo that hangs in the lobby.
What makes him undervalued?
Billy makes a strong gesture indicating Peter to follow.
I love baseball.
To buy wins, you buy runs.
He's got a good glove.
You're lucky to have him off your payroll, it opens all kinds of interesting possibilities.
Once you begin to pull at that string, your understanding of the world might begin to unravel.
Billy... Good to see you again.
We'd like to compliment you on your high school career, and we're looking forward to you being a part of the Mets family.
And that's a great accomplishment.
This won't be his life's career, it'll be his first career.
He's going to be a young guy in the business world when his baseball career is done.
And Olmeda's - bless his heart - was .291.
That's good.
I got 37 free agents who are better than those guys.
hitter and the good part of his career is over.
That's good news for us.
The fans love me.
Great.
--yeah, I have a daughter.
(on his way out) Merry Christmas.
Well, whatever it is, it's working.
You look good.
No, I just wanted to say that a lot of teams don't get that far, and to make it that far is a really big accomplishment.
She's great.
New beginnings.
You got good.
I love it.
He's the Greek God of Walks.
A computer doesn't romanticize the sport.
Well, romance and the fans, it's called a love affair with the game and it's been going on for one hundred and fifty years.
Team / JumboTron photos are taken of our new A's.
LEGEND: March 2, 2002 - SPRING TRAINING Billy gives an interview to a SPORTS REPORTER.
Will they listen to your insipid radio show?
Infielders field grounders hit by Art Howe from a fungo.
Art looks at Billy a good long beat, then hits to another infielder.
That's the way, Hatte.
Why wasn't Hatteberg at first?
Jeremy Giambi discreetly mixes a highball from a cache of hotel minibar liquor bottles as he watches his favorite movie on a portable DVD player, The Natural.
The A's begin their first road trip of the season having dropped 7 of their first 11 games at home and their schedule doesn't get any easier from here.
If there's a bright spot it's rookie first baseman Carlos Pena.
They hug.
Hey, honey... I'm glad to see you.
Did we talk about the things you want to talk about, did we have fun?
I love you, Dad.
Great.
I love you.
Art Howe glances at his bench coach, Ken Macha.
-- after Sunday's 11-0 rout.
And a lot of people with vested interest in seeing this be successful.
This is the team we've got and this is the team we'll win with.
LEGEND: May 23, 2002 ART, as he always does, is watching not from the railing but from the bench.
But - Great.
Great.
Please.
I am starting Pena at first.
Here's the deal.
This has nothing to do with you being a great hitter -- you're a great hitter.
Billy's fine.
That's what you pay me to do.
Great at bats.
Thank you.
Good.
ART HOWE walking to the mound, tapping his left hand.
He sees BILLY and walks over there ahead of Art.
As BILLY passes MAGNANTE he pats his back before we-- The radio is on and the ANNOUNCER is telling us-- ...after giving up the lead on a three run homer off Magnante, the A's came right back to win it in the bottom of the ninth with another three run homer by Miguel Tejada.
And the A's have won eight in a row!
I'm good, Voos.
Thanks.
Here's the deal.
Great.
Please?
Thank you.
Great!
Here's the deal.
I got you the money and I accept your gratitude.
The good news is Ricardo Rincon's heading over to the clubhouse.
Art hangs up.
Thanks.
And it's growing.
Finally -- I'm gonna grab a shower.
But as a hitter, you will create 70 runs.
Day in, day out.
It's beautiful.
That's good fishing.
With sound off, he watches silent images of his team swarming the mound in (archival footage) mixed in with Art Howe celebrating with them.
We met at my house last Christmas.
Thank you.
Thank me?
Thank you.
Whatever you put in those Christmas cookies, keep-- Whoa.
Congratulations.
It was beautiful.
Honey, 20 games.
Come on, tell me who won 19?
Any other team wins the World Series this year... great.
Durham swings at the fastball and connects, but it's a pop fly to second which a TWINS INFIELDER easily nabs.
The PITCHER throws his glove in the air and the CATCHER runs out to the mound as the rest of the Twins run to the middle of the field to begin their victory celebration.
(beat, then) I was grateful to get your call.
You were grateful.
Did Henry make you a good offer?
Did he make you a good offer?
Why's he laughing?
The Island of Misfit Toys.
Attaboy! (to Duffy, sarcastically) The greatest reporter in the country!
Well, I do the firing, too.
(together) Well -- But I gotta -- Scram, you guys.
Thanks.
Been seeing me in your dreams?
Holy mackerel!
Now, that's a nice thing to say.
Oh, yes -- we were to have it right after our honeymoon -- honeymoon!
I'm proud of it!
(also rising) I have a lunch date.
Where'd you meet this man?
Bermuda... Rich, eh?
Not what you'd call rich.
(on the defensive) It's a good, honest business, isn't it?
Well, I can, and I love it!
The quicker the better.
Well -- I finally got out what I came in to tell you.
(laughing) Well, he's waiting in the anteroom for me now.
Better.
Then what does he want with you? (laughing) Now you got me.
(walking right through) Thanks.
(turning to Hildy o.s.) Hildy, why didn't you tell me? (again seizing messenger's hand) Congratulations again, Mr. Baldwin!
Well, Mr. Davis, this is no concern of yours and after this I'll thank you to keep out of my affairs!
Well, I'll tell you one thing, old man, she never looked at me the way she's looking at you.
Anyway, I'm glad you two are going to be happy and have all the things I couldn't give her.
Ow! Mighty nice little town, Albany.
Well, Albany's a mighty good insurance town.
Gus, this -- (winking) Good coffee, isn't it?
(lifts cup) Thank you.
(looking at him maternally) You're so nice, Bruce, you think everybody else is.
And I brought you another cup of coffee, Hildy.
One of my best reporters.
It'll be kind of fun to see the boys again, too.
Be careful, honey.
I'll be careful, darling.
You be, please.
No, I'm not back for good.
Good.
It's a simple story.
Thanks, boys.
Hello, my fine-feathered friend.
Thanks.
(he extends his hand) Well, thanks for everything.
I should thank you.
I don't know why you boys are so good to me.
Now, are you satisfied?
And here's a kiss for you.
(flaring) I never said I loved Earl Williams and was willing to marry him on the gallows!
And about my being his soul-mate and having a love-nest with him.
Go on, laugh!
Wants Hildy -- and sounds very excited.
Better get a pencil out and write it down.
If you come over I'll be very glad to tell you the story of Louie's watch.
I'm going to have babies and nurse them and love them and give 'em cod liver oil and worry about their new teeth -- and the minute I catch one of them even looking at a newspaper, I'm going to brain him!
Oh, yes.
Holy ---! Gimme that telephone!
Yep... yep... yep... don't worry!
Is it a deal?
Thanks for the story and good luck on your honeymoon.
Pete, I've got a mighty unpleasant task to perf -- Hiya, Your Honor.
Quote him as follows: "It is a lucky thing for the city that next Tuesday is Election Day, as the citizens will thus be saved the expense of impeaching the Mayor and the Sheriff."
Nice to have seen you, Mayor.
(gesturing) Out shooting everybody they see for the fun of it?
What's your salary?
It's a nice, homey little place, and they'll take care of you for the night.
(pleadingly, into phone) Just one second -- That's good, because my health ain't what it used to be.
And listen, Olsen, five- hundred bucks for the guy that does the job... Yes, I'll be right out there.
Quiet, Mollie!
Quiet, Mollie, quiet!
They were beautiful.
It's better that way.
What good'll it do?
I was never so tired in my life.
Hey, this looks good.
It's easy for you to talk.
She's goofy!
Then we'll let the Governor in on the capture -- share the glory with him.
This isn't a newspaper story -- it's a career!
Oh, yes.
(drily) Thank you.
Good.
Is that better?
Duffy, ready?
Why, quite an honor having you come over here.
That was one swell story you had in the paper this morning.
The poem was great!
Now everything's fine.
(into phone) Duffy!!!! (listening) (into phone) Duffy!!!! (listening) Well, where is Duffy?
This is a sweet trick, Hildy...
(hugging Mrs. Baldwin) Mother!
Now! Everybody quiet and ready for an emergency.
I'm proud of you.
(dreamily) Wait till those two future jailbirds read the Morning Post tomorrow.
Well, it's been a lot of fun.
We've certainly been in some swell jams.
Well, if it's my last story, I'd like it to be a good one.
(enthusiastically) The greatest yarn ever written by anybody.
Bruce needs a wife who can give him a home -- and affection -- and peace.
I'm what you made me -- a cheap reporter who'd give up her soul for a story!... Is that job still open?
Sure, it was good -- it was wonderful!
We're a different world.
That's what makes it romantic.
Every other married couple goes away on a honeymoon and for two weeks the bride knows just where the groom is, and vice versa.
Well, you didn't tell me.
Don't use the baby to cover your tracks.
Great.
Good.
What are you giggling about?
Well, I want to listen to Green Day.
Well, I got your baby!
Make her happy.
It won't make her happy.
Good, awesome, let's start this off with a bang.
So if you want that perfect tan like the stars, he's the one to see.
Thanks.
I'm so excited.
Yay!
I buy these nice towels and he whacks off into them.
"Munich" is awesome!
Ahh! Ohh!!! It's like everyone in here is twelve years old.
You look amazing.
Yeah, awesome.
Great.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, enjoy it.
I'll, he'll get me-- Please, I very rarely look cool.
Thank you.
Awesome.
Well, have a great night.
Have a-- Thanks for the beer.
Okay, enjoy, be nice to them.
Nice to meet you.
Good, how are you?
You're beautiful.
Thank you.
I love kids.
Cool phone.
Yeah, she's got a really cool phone.
Bye, lovely.
Cheers.
Cheers.
Oh, E! Ben and Alison dance, clearly pretty drunk now.
Alison runs her fingers through I love your curly hair!
It's so great.
Okay, I'm really excited to watch that.
Shh! Let's go swimming right now.
I'm doin'-- Whoo! You're prettier than I am.
Good thing I'm drunk.
Do you want to get breakfast?
Good morning Alison.
See ya later.
See ya later.
Enjoy the day.
We had fun, right?
I'm gonna give you my card because that'll be the best way...
So, awesome.
Nice to meet you.
Great.
Thanks for coming.
Like I said I really wasn't into them, but now that I did the research, I think they're pretty amazing.
This is hilarious.
It's gonna be fine.
I love weed.
Meeting of minds sounds good.
Sweet.
Peace.
Nice place, huh?
Well, I'm not gonna tell them for a while.
Honey, this is not the time.
You happy about that?
Delighted.
This is a good thing.
This is a blessing.
That's right, that's right.
You're the best thing that ever happened to me.
I'm the best thing that ever happened to you? Yeah.
Good, good.
Good.
That's good.
That's what I was hoping you'd do.
So, awesome.
Yeah, yeah, it is good.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Get ready.
It's a beautiful picture, Ben.
(in a French accent) Hello, Mommy.
Baby books.
Awesome.
Well, you can't eat sushi.
It sounds thrilling.
Yeah, thank you.
We'll help her raise the baby.
Sweet.
We kind of have to.
For the baby, right?
You're a sweet guy, right?
He's a new boyfriend.
So he came over for breakfast because he's your new boyfriend?
He came from his house, drove over to our house because he thought it would be fun to have breakfast with us, so he drove his car from his house to our house to have breakfast.
Thank you.
Are you two together?
Have fun, guys.
See ya, Ally.
Peace.
Good boobs.
Those are good ones!
You look relieved.
Great job.
Thanks.
Think we'll ever be as happy as Baby Bjorn couple is?
We are that happy.
You look happy.
Which is awesome.
It's great.
I need to get you a baby present anyway, and I would love to get it for you.
That'll be easy.
God, it's not porn?
Dude, they got the top ten group shower scenes!
Good things come in pairs.
A promise that one day I will fill this with a ring that you deserve, a beautiful ring.
This is fun!
This is the most fun I've had in a really long time.
You look beautiful.
Is it good?
Keep going!
You know it's times like this I'm glad I don't own nice things.
Have fun.
Oh, great.
Thank you.
It will never look the same after this! Well.
Great.
They're made out of moon rocks aren't they?
I didn't read the baby books!
There it is, baby.
Woo-hoo.
I love Vegas, man.
This is the greatest place on earth.
It's really amazing here.
This is awesome.
Please?
I would love to tap that ass.
This was a great idea, man.
This is the best idea I've ever had in my life.
Good.
You're the one that got dressed up like a cholo on Easter to come to this party.
Well played, sir.
That was good.
It's a doll.
We can get back on track and everything's going to be great.
And I'm being nice and just because we're two nice people doesn't mean we should stay together.
I don't want this baby to determine the rest of our lives.
But Debbie's happy.
She's happy today.
You're great the way you are and, I mean, you like to get high and you like to do shrooms in Vegas.
It's what you enjoy and that's your life and... I'm not that guy anymore.
We can be friends.
And you can be there when the baby is born, and in the baby's life as much as you want.
We're going to sing "Happy Birthday" now.
Thanks!
"Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday to you."
You know, it's a rare thing that you live to see the day your wildest dreams come true.
We'll be back on Sunday.
Thank you.
Great.
That's cool, man.
How can I help you?
Please be in here.
Let's relax.
Is that the baby on that one right there?
Give it to her.
Give it to her now.
Good, good, good.
It's crowning!
It's beautiful.
Good.
Hi, baby.
I love you, Ben.
I love you so much, too.
Congratulations, you two.
Beautiful.
Thank you.
You did so great.
You were amazing.
Welcome.
It's important to put that time in.
Exercising changed my life.
It's so wonderful, meeting.
Well, anyway... good night.
CAROL (voice over) Good night.
Such a lovely couple.
Oh, oh well that'd be fine... PAUL (voice over) She makes great Irish coffee.
Wonderful book they've given me.
That's amazing.
That tiny thing there ?
All these are gonna become a real f... Well, listen... we're probably keeping you up, right ?
This is wonderful.
Where's Carol ?
I mean, so, we... Coffee's ready !
SY (voice over) We're fine.
MARILYN (voice over) We're good.
God, that movie was great, wasn't it ?
Yeah, I... I... it was one of my favorites.
I loved it.
It just... they were all so wonderful, in the picture.
Oh, is that the-that the E.M.S. ANOTHER NEIGHBOR (voice over) That guy's so excited.
Well, it was a classic coronary.
DOCTOR (voice over) You can be good neighbors.
They invited us in for coffee.
Such a nice lady.
Nice lady.
Sweet person.
You look wonderful.
Thank you so much for those wonderful flowers.
It was quite nice of you.
She'll cook... She's great.
Well, he's a little mousey, too.
They can eat cheese together.
Here's Larr... Hey, listen.
Aren't these walls great ?
CAROL (voice over) Right, right.
Great.
Good morning.
Good.
Thank you.
So, I thought your rewrites were great.
I think the book is great.
Are you good ?
That's great.
That's... you know, you-you have all these skills, and you're beautiful, and you can write so well... and now it turns out you play poker.
She's always-She's always kick... Anyway, I'd love to have some mousse.
It's great.
Do you remember those wonderful cottages ?
CAROL (voice over) No, not a... Well, God.
Well, it's not...
Well, you... Yeah, God.
But that, though, was a sweet mystery.
You agree, right ?
Listen, Larry... Relax, okay ?
He's-He's home, and we're in... Just be quiet for a second, all right ?
I'm... My heart is.... Larry.
Oh, great.
Good, good.
Oh, great.
Clean it up.
Good to see you.
That's great.
He's taking me to dinner in New Jersey next week.
He's a lot of fun.
That's great.
Well, good to see you.
Good to see you.
Oh, it's great.
She'll have a great time.
She's great.
She's brilliant, she's talented.
I gave you... Thank you.
Let me tell you... Listen, when you go to the wine-tasting, honey...
Wasn't that... wasn't that a nice surprise ?
I love the blue in that.
He's... His favorite writer.
He says she's wonderful, and I'm... Oh.
God, look at this! Oh, that park is so beautiful.
Yeah, it's great.
Do you... Thanks.
He was at the wine tasting, too.
They're both at the wine tasting.
Oh, that would be so great.
No, I've got a business lunch tomorrow.
I got... On... on your, on your lunch hour ?
No, I got a business lunch.
I don't have a story.
Yeah, okay, good.
Oh, it'd look great on you.
CAROL (voice over) That hotel.
CAROL (voice over) Well, that's... the Waldron.
Thank you.
thank you.
Great.
That's why I'm not playing my best.
You must love her a lot.
I mean... Well, it's more fun than the Wagner opera.
I mean, it's just one of the most exciting adventures I've ever been on.
Well-Well, he has a more enthused attitude, Larry.
Oh, yes.
We-We had a present for her.
We're friends.
We-We wanted to surprise her, because it's her birthday, so-so... Oh.
Really, thanks a lot.
I love a hotel that's got lots of blue powder sprinkled along the baseboard.
Larry, is this the most exciting thing that's ever happened to us in our whole marriage ?
This is too exciting.
That'll be good for me.
Well, it was... Well...
Well, yeah, but I don't buy that.
This gave me the chills, honey.
Relax now, Larry.
Don't tell me to relax !
I'm-I'm-I'm a-a world-renowned claustrophobic.
It's okay, everything's going to be fine.
It's easy for you to say, but I can't breathe, I'm phobic.
Uh, Larry, relax.
There's-There's a cool breeze passing over me.
You know, I ca... Boost me up, and we'll get out there.
Put your hand together.
Put you hand together.
Now give me a boost, okay ?
Oh, relax, relax, relax.
Well, come on.
There's no school buses at night- time.
Oh, yes, I'm here to tell you...
They see a golden opportunity.
MARCIA (voice over) That's right.
She's brilliant.
She's brilliant.
Well, he doesn't care.
Well, j... She's right, there's no body.
Yeah, but it's a great theory.
That's great.
CAROL (voice over) I'm listening.
LARRY (voice over) This is great.
This is great.
LARRY (voice over) It's great.
Listen, this is incredible.
This is an incredible idea.
That's great.
It's great.
You're wonderful.
This is great.
Good, that's great.
Thank you, Suzanne.
Thank you.
Good, thank you.
All right, well, do something.
You have no choice, they've got the goods.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
LARRY (voice over) Great.
Oh, right, God.
MICHAEL (Orson Welles - voice over from the film) One who follows his nature, keeps his original nature in the end.
Help !
You made a lot of promises to me, over the years.
Carol ?
Carol ?
Carol ?
ARTHUR (Everett Sloane - voice over from the film) It's the same thing.
Oh, Larry, I'm so happy to see you !
liked and well regarded as a physical, recreational and sporting sort -- Delmer's true passion was for the lake Delmer SPLASHES in and comes down towards the CAMERA.
CRAIG HANSEN reading the paper, looking at the cover story, that has a photo of DELMER DARION.
It reads: Welcome!
CAMERA pushes in quick then blends to 60fps on a man in glasses: DONALD HARPER, forensic scientist as he speaks into the microphone.
The tale told at a 1961 awards dinner for the American Association Of Forensic Science by Dr. Donald Harper, president of the association, began with a simple suicide attempt -- A seventeen year old kid SYDNEY BARRINGER steps up on to the roof of a nine story building and looks down.
Main title que begins, then carries over following until noted: TitIe Card: New Line Cinema presents Title Card: a Joanne Sellar/Ghoulardi Film Company Production Title Card: a P.T. Anderson picture CAMERA DOLLIES IN Super Quick on a flower.(time
Flash title card: CAMERA keeps moving in further and farther until the image gets incredibly blurry, then: (Present Day, 1998) CAMERA DOLLIES IN QUICK towards a TELEVISION in a living room.
I'm Frank T.J. Mackey, Master of the Muffin and author of the Seduce and Destroy System of audio and videocassettes that will teach you the techniques to have any hard-body blonde dripping to wet your dock!
CAMERA moves INTO THE TELEVISION, QUICK DISSOLVE TO: We are in the video (paneled 1.33) sales pitch/infomercial.
An American Legend and a true television icon, Jimmy celebrates his 200,000th hour of broadcast this week -- CLIP OF JIMMY speaking to an INTERVIEWER.
This photo is circa 1987.
It is! TELEVISION CLIP continues and we see DONNIE and two other KIDS receive a check from the younger JIMMY GATOR in the amount of 100,000 dollars each. CU - Young Donnie Smith as he smiles, accepts check, shakes hands with Jimmy.
CU - A Nurse holds it in there and smiles, says: You were really cute when you were on that show -- -- you can't answer any questions right now though, huh?
Great, great, great, so I'll see you tommorrow morning.
She bends in and gives him a kiss on the forehead.
I love you, my darling.
SOUND of a 1-900 PERSONAL DATING SERVICE plays over following quick shots of Kurring getting ready for his day; -Jim is sipping his morning coffee, reading the paper.
-Jim watching and laughing a bit with the Today Show.
I love my job, and I love to go to the movies.
I'm really interested in meeting someone special who likes quiet things.....my life is very stressful and I'd hope to have a relationship that is very calm and undemanding and loving -- The SOUND again of the touch-tone phone cancels Jim's description.
...so much violence...but that's the way of the world...good luck, as always...Serve and Protect and all that other blah-blah-blah on the side of the car it says -- CAMERA DOLLIES w/Jim Kurring as he walks to his squad car.
And I Love It.
In this life and in this world I want to do well.
And I want to help people.
And We Move Through This Life We Should Try And Do Good.
JIM KURRING (sotto, to himself) ...Do Good.
Marcie - CALM DOWN.
CALM DOWN and don't do this.
Earl in bed, pretty out of it, but once in a while a couple clear moments.
She's a good girl.
She's a little nuts, but she's a good girl I think.
She loves you.
It reads: "No Pussy Has Nine Lives".
You will not take my soul and you will not win this game."
Because I'd have to create a hundred new cassettes, a hundred new books, a hundred new seminars and hundred new videos just to deal with each and every situation a chick could create - but that is just not the case.
I'm getting better.
CAMERA DOLLIES in on the bed.
Please.
Your teeth are fine.
Please.
I've been a good worker, Solomon.
Give me your keys, Don.
He struggles with his KEY CHAIN and finally after a bunch of moments, hands over six or seven keys.
She has her best, "I'm not saying anything" face on.
Finish it up without the lip.
All the books he has in front of him, we catch glimpses of things: "How Things Work" "Forensic Studies" "The Guiness Book of World Records" "The Natural History of Nonsense" "Weather" "Learned Pigs..." INSERT, CU.
Aristotle pointing to the sky.
You ready to keep winning?
That was close.
I have to go, I don't have time and I have more drinking to do before I go march -- I love you.
Love you too.. Bye.
She sniffs a bit, yells over the blasting music; ...Hello...? LAPD.
Thank you.
Frank hops offstage, greets Captain Muffy and Gwenovier; Chief, this is Gwenovier from the show, "Profiles," for the interview -- Hello, hello, I'm a bit out of breath from all this work -- That's fine.
It's nice to meet you.
Frank and Captain Muffy laugh at the joke.
Dodging bullets left and right from terrorist blonde beauties.
CAMERA picks up with a COCKTAIL WAITRESS (30s) who walks over and brings us back to Donnie's booth -- Hello.
He nods, turns from her and smiles to reveal ANGLE, DONNIE.
CAMERA pushes in slow and he smiles, touches his hand to his mouth.
The Cocktail Waitress arrives back; Diet Coke.
She stands and walks over to him, moves to give him a hug.
BURT (re: cards) Good.
Please say hello and welcome to the always ready host of "What Do Kids Know?"
The curtain opens -- a spotlight SHINES DIRECTLY INTO CAMERA -- Jimmy enters the stage.
A small portable TELEVISION in the b.g., plays the show.
I'll take "Authors," Jimmy.
...this close...
You could have quite a party all that stuff.... Linda looks down.
See: See: See this is the scene of the movie where you help me out -- Frank and Gwenovier doing the interview, CAMERA DOLLIES IN SLOW ON EACH:see, I thought you grew up here in the valley Like I said, yeah -- And you went to Van Nuys High, right?don't how much I went -- but I was enrolled.
But there were three wonderful men who were kind enough to let me sit in on their classes, and they're names are: Macready, Horn and Langtree among others.
Alright, stop it, cool down, cool it.
Please.
Alright, so I'm gonna transfer you over to Frank's assitant, Janet she's gonna see what she can do -- Thank you, Chad, and good luck to you and your mother -- Thank you.
You talk in rhymes and riddles and ra...rub-adub --- but that doesn't mean anything to me, see....see...see I used to be smart....I'm Quiz Kid Donnie Smith.
Brad smiles with his braces, Donnie looks away quick -- It was the lovely Samuel Johnson who also spoke of a fella "Who was not only dull but a cause of dullness in others."
His mommy and daddy?
Yes they do, they do, but I'll make my dreams come true, you see?
Funny thing is: This is an important element of, "Seduce and Destory:" "Facing the past is an important way in not making progress," that's something I tell my men over and over -- This isn't meant -- -- and I try and teach the students to ask: What is it in aid of?
She lived in Tarzana.
Place yourself there with your family and friends if you'd like -- you'll hear three musical notes and you are to tell me what it might represent that you'd find at a picnic -- The First Three Notes: OC we hear three musical notes.
Next notes, please: OC musical notes: E-G-G.
That's E-G-G which would be ~egg."
You're my friend.
Let's listen: There's an OC VOICE that speaks the clue; "Hello, Mary.
CAMERA moves from the AUDIENCE over to the Stage, listening to another question that is spoken by the OC voice -- this time in French; VOICE (in French) "Hello, Josephine, I'm speaking from Egypt --" The Adults buzz again and Mim answers; Mim -- Well that would be Napoleon speaking to Josephine.
This is, for not a fresh cup, a great cup of coffee, Claudia -- Thank you.
Did you -- did you -- I didn't I'm fine, I'm fine.
I said I'm fine.
I'm telling you right now, I'm fine.
I love you.
Are we having a staring contest?
She's rubbing her jaw, blabbing away and he's listening with a grin; --- yeah, yeah, I get in it in my ear.
Well if you listen' to that music too loud again and that fella returns maybe we'll share another cup of coffee -- If you're not here for a 422 -- No. No. Don't joke about that.
Please, now.
It was nice to meet you Officer Jim.
yeah, good, ok.
What a day and what a round, going back and in for me and the final speed round to determine who's who today -- scores on the board's Kids: 9225.
I'm sick and I'm in love.
I love you and I'm sick.
I love you, Brad.
Love me back and I'll be good to you.
Brad, honey, you have a special secret crush over here I think, don't take him too lovely -- he might get hurt -- You mind your own bussines.
(Jimmy impersonation) "Well...all we were asking was the common element, Donnie...but thank you for all that unnecessary knowledge...ahhh, Kids! Full of useless thoughts, eh?" Thank you.
Thank you.
notes/sweet girl/excited/date/job) Jim Kurring interupts himself and notices something (very blurry, through the RAIN) JIM'S POV: A young BLACK MALE (late 20s) is standing on the street, about to jay-walk.
If he hadn't pissed his pants, we woulda won.
A Pedestrian walking in to the bar recognizes him and smiles, says: Smart Kid Donnie Smith!
She speaks to him in mumbles about "...sorry..." "...my love..." "...you've lived a long, good life..."
Donnie places the keys on one by one.... ....this is a long way to go for no punch...a little moral....story I say... Love.
love.
love....this fuckin' life.... ohhhhhhh, love..... CAMERA holds a wide angle.
HOLD on her....she starts to sing along with the song.... "..it's not what you thought when you first began it...you got what you want.... now you can hardly stand it though by now you know, it's not going to stop....." The SONG continues.
He sits on the bed, dressed up and ready to go.
"You're sure there's a cure and you have finally found it" CAMERA pushes in on Donnie smith as he starts to sing.
Jim Kurring smiles and says hello.
Will that help?
She laughs a bit, rolls her eyes.
Do you feel better now that you've said this?
I love you so much.
Jimmy laughs a bit, smiles.
You have so much, so many good things and you seem so together...so all straight and put together without problems.
I'll be a good listener to you.
They lean across the table and kiss each other.
CAMERA DOLLIES IN SUPER QUICK as their lips touch.
He hides it best he can.
CAMERA CU on Claudia as she pulls back from the kiss.
It moves past CAMERA, which PANS and DOLLIES over to -- THE LAMPLIGHTER COFFEE SHOP.
He comes running into the Lamplighter and over to Worm and Stanley....he's scarred shitless and frantic -- Stay quiet...stay quiet, son -- No, Son...be quiet...be quiet now... C'mon, Dad.
"Bein Green," by Kermit the Frog/Aimee CAMERA holds a wide angle on the Lamplighter Coffee Shop.
Frogs falling from sky onto and around the streets.... CAMERA up with the Falling Frogs....CAMERA is moving down with them... it becomes almost musical....like Busby-Berkely-style coreography of Frogs That Fall In The Sky... "It's not that easy bein' green... Having to spend each day the color of the leaves..." It is on FIRE now....CU image of Jimmy on the floor of the kitchen with shards of glass around him...and FROGS...a few of them still alive and jumping around...the FIRE moving closer and closer... Jim Kurring and Donnie underneath the shelter area.
Rose holds her and they rock back and forth.... Claudia cries loud and over and over -- "Mommy...mommy...mom." Rose calming her and petting her head, "It's ok." CAMERA is with Linda and DOCTORS as they PUMP HER STOMACH.
- Replay Delmer Darion in the tree and getting lifted out of the water.
You have to be nicer to me, Dad.
He smiles a little bit.
She's sitting up in bed, covers around her, staring into space....a SONG plays....for a very, very long time she doesn't move until she looks up and sees someone enter her bedroom....a FIGURE from the back enters FRAME and walks in and sits on the edge of the bed....from the back it is clear that it's Jim Kurring.
She turns her eyes from him and looks INTO THE CAMERA and smiles.
We're the only winners.
And their cash flows from the tables to our boxes ...through the cage and into the most sacred room in the casino ...the place where they add up all the money ...the holy of holies ...the count room.
Now this old Mormon fuck here... ...he had to fly in with suitcases once a month, nice and easy.
Somethin' smells good.
Keepin' Remo happy with money was the greatest insurance policy in the world.
Well, that's why they paid so well.
Well, it's a little too early.
I'd say Thursday would be good.
Good job, my boy.
Keep a good eye on him.
And he's gonna continue makin' a lot of money for us, so keep a good eye on him.
Yeah, we made a great pair.
The old men loved us.
I ju- Well, it's a nice pen.
Well, thank you.
The bank wins a natural eight over a five.
Six, an easy way.
Gimme a six! Come on, baby, make a six!
Yes! Thank you.
Thank you.
Everybody, thanks.
Thanks.
Ginger, honey.
Ginger, honey, this is for you love.
Thanks for your time.
Well, how 'bout that?
I fell in love right there.
But in Vegas, for a girl like Ginger, love costs money.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ginger.
Thank you, Ginger.
You're a doll.
Oh, yes.
Beautiful.
But the bosses didn't send me out there to have a good time.
(Kisses ACE.) Hey.
(Whispering) Wow.
Welcome to Vegas.
Yeah, I know, that's why you had it ready.
But still, it was nice and quiet for a while.
Ginger and I presented Nicky and Jennifer all over town, like regular Ozzie and Harriets.
(To LITTLE NICKY) Beautiful.
You got a beautiful swing.
Ace got my son, little Nicky, involved with Little League, and it was great.
(Chuckling.)
(Shakes NICKY's hand) Hey, Nicky.
Hey, great, Jerry.
(From following scene) Operator?
I need Mr Happy, loud.
(In unison) Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday, dear Jeff.
Happy Birthday to you.
He's fine, folks.
And, by the way, send over a... nice bottle of champagne on ice, huh?
Having a good time?
Look what they did to my hand, man! (Walks over to the All right, I'm gonna give you a choice.
Thank you.
The gods were happy, or as happy as the gods can ever be.
I'm gonna do you one better.
But, you know, what is... What is love anyway?
That I can promise you.
(Putting on a gold bracelet) Come on.
I have to be able to trust you with my life.
With over a million in cash and jewels tucked in a bank in Vegas only for Ginger, she was secure and happy.
Why? No, tha-that's good.
You been lucky all week.
Good.
Good.
...trying to offer you the respect that your... ...position... 'Mr Rothstein' is good enough.
You better watch yourself.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yes, nice smile.
As the head of the Tangiers Gaming Corporation, it's my pleasure to welcome Sam Rothstein to the Vegas Valley Country Club.
(Into the microphone) It's with great pleasure that I accept this certificate of appreciation from the... Congratulations, sweetheart.
Thank you.
But my greatest pleasure was watchin' my wife, Ginger, work the room.
Thank you for everything.
Nice to see you.
People loved to be around her. Listen, you've got to bring Amy to Sasha's birthday party because he'd love to have her there.
Thanks.
We'll see you three o'clock Saturday.
Thanks.
Great.
She made everybody feel good.
Congratulations, Sam.
You're one of the most gorgeous women I've ever seen.
Thank you.
Thanks for that compliment.
He was a young kid from the casino... nice kid... bright boy.
(She places a gold bracelet on AMY's hand.)
But as much as they loved her... (To AMY, wearing the bracelet) Oh, fabulous.
I had Sal Fusco, a great second-story guy.
(Into telephone) This one looks good.
Nice to meet you.
(Kisses her hand.)
Pleasure.
Slide over, honey.
Yeah, thanks.
But around six-thirty in the morning when he finished his day - - no matter where he was or what he was doing, he always went home to make breakfast for his son, Nicky- Boy.
What a smart kid you are! (Kisses him.)
Fine, fine.
Good.
Everything's goin' good.
Well, what's the difference?
(Walking over to him, smiling.)
Thanks.
Thanks for puttin' up with me.
You're a beautiful girl.
(Fidgeting with his jacket, then holding his face in her hands, smiling.)
Hey, it is my pleasure.
Oh, thank you, sir.
Hey, house is doin' well.
(Chuckling.)
Thank you, sir.
(Chuckles.)
Thank you for your time.
Good morning, your Honor.
Mitchell Logan on behalf of Anna Scott, your Honor.
Thank you, Judge.
I believe he was absolutely fair and I'm delighted with the decision.
I serve at the pleasure of the chairman of the board and... my, uh, responsibilities are to run the day- to-day operations.
Thank you.
Will Sam Rothstein's friendship with alleged organized crime figure Nicky Santoro keep Rothstein from running the Tangiers Casino?
And can the integrity of state gaming laws be jeopardized by a boyhood friendship?
I want everything nice and quiet.
Well, she comes to see me.
What good would that do?
That was nineteen years ago, and they were simple gambling pinches.
Good.
Mr Rothstein is pleased to be here today.
And when the day finally came, I was ready.
The only time I was at the Tangiers was when I had dinner with Barney Greenstein.
You son-of- a Good evening, everyone, I'm Paige Novodor.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Tangiers Hotel proudly presents the all-new Sam Rothstein Show, Aces High.
Tonight, taped live from the all-new sportsbook, we present the premiere showing of Aces High.
Mr Rothstein is a professional gambler and the best football handicapper... ...in American, a man who will take you inside the real Las Vegas as no one has ever done before.
And now, ladies and gentlemen, the new... ...Entertainment Director of the Tangiers Hotel Casino: Mr Sam Rothstein.
The young lady to my left is Trudy, who is a lead new dancer in our fabulous show from Paris.
...Well, I've got a large family.
(Into microphone, to audience) That's amazing.
(Chuckles) It was my pleasure.
(From previous scene) But such is life.
(Into telephone) ...something very... cute.
[Yiddish for 'to life'] Here we go.
They're havin' a good time too.
Okay, good.
(From following scene) Mr. R... ...good evening.
So, we went home, had the housekeeper stay over, put the kid to bed, I calmed myself down and we went to dinner.
But even if you bought him a watch, a really nice watch, one that he thought was nice - and he doesn't know what the fuck a good watch is - so, you go, five, ten, twelve grand?
You're a good actress, you know that?
Well, there's one thing you don't do.
(Chuckles.)
(Runs his hand down her cheek.)
Fantastic!
He's good.
Frankie, you're a good boy.
Thanks, Remo.
Watch it, partner, watch it!
(Bending down, kisses her) Okay, I'll be right back.
When did this happen, honey?
Well, listen, Ginger's over here at the Leaning Tower with me.
Great! (Trying to calm him) Ace don't... listen, don't... don't make a scene, all right?
That's our child.
The baby-sitter wasn't there.
Listen to me, listen to me, listen to me.
You listen carefully!
He's my new sponsor!
This is none of your business!
Please.
If we let her get a few of her things we'll be out of your hair.
And everybody... ...began to tumble.
Bingo!